Serious Outbreaks in a Province.
Many Christians Being Burned
Alive.
OUTRAGES BY BOXERS
GROW VERY ALARMING
VOLKSRUST. South African Republic.
May IS.— The Federals have abandoned
Blggarsherg. ar.d it la believed they
also abandoned Newcastle this morning,
though their mounted men are still on the
other side of tho border, keeping the Brit
ish at bay.
"DANNHAUSER. May 17.-The Second,
division has reached Dannhauser and I
hope that- my . advance patrols are at
Newcastle. The Fifth division is echelon
ed from Elands Laagte to Glenroe. re
pairing the railway. The Fourth division
is at Sunday'3 River Drift on the old
Newcastle road. Several Natal farmers
are handins over their arms. All reports
agree that about 7000 of the enemy passed
north very hurriedly May 14 and 15."
LONDON", May 17.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral Buller:
BULLER MAKING
STEADY HEADWAY
The long" cruise (of the Tolna, v.ith - her
many, hairbreadth escapes and the many
adventures * of her ¦ owners, pass from
the realm of the "romantic" and "delight
ful"—as . they have been characterized by
the 'admirers of the titled couple— to
cruelties a3. set down In the complaint.
The cruelty charge *is a complete'itiner
ary' of the, couple and is as exact; as , a
seaman's logbook. It runs as follows: :
; That I from the; date of their said marriage
until ; October ;9, '¦¦ 1S93, ";. the plaintiff and de
fendant, during . most of the time, lived ' with
the -parents^ of plaintiff at the , nous 3 ; of. her
said ; parenta In ; the .; eatd ¦ city ' and county of
San ' Francisco ; and made;, their home at ' that
place of abode. That on "said 9th, day of Oc :
tober '; plaintiff and defendant left, said , city
and ' countyi for. the ¦ Hawaiian Islands upon the
yacht! Tolna 4 arid reached the port of Honolulu
on j the 20th : flay of the ; same , month.' ; , That raid
yachf.was about: one hundred 'feet In 'length,'
ot .* sevent y-elght tons '. burden, . propelled only
Married Life on the Tolna;
SOCTETT got an unlooked-for shock
yesterday when Ella Countess Fes
tetics de Tolna (formerly Ella Hag-'
• gin) filed ' a suit for divorce from
her roving husband. Rodolph Count
Festetics de Tolna. once lieutenant In the
Eleventh Austrian Hussar?, in the Supe
rior Court of this city and county.
Desertion, failure to provide and cruelty
are the grounds *?pon which the lady begs
the court to rid her of her noble foreign
spouse. And there is a special little pray
er In which the Countess entreats that
she be no longer burdened with s\ title
but allowed to resume her maiden name. :
The complaint In full is n terrific eye
opener and cruelly punctures the 'touch-;
ing romance of one long, continuous
honeymoon with the fleck of the yacht
Tolna for the scene of uction. Stripped of.
Its legal verbiage, the document tells a
tale of hardships, dangers encountered,
privations, uncongenial surroundings,
cruelties,* impaired health, a wife's devo
tion and a man's selfishness. All this the
American girl wearing a foreign title un
complainingly submitted to until April, 1
1899, when * Count Festetics declared hla
Intention . to sail 'his yacht for Colombo;
Ceylon, and to other places In the Indian
Ocean, and thence to the east coast of
Africa. To this trip the Countess demur
red. Her health had become greatly Im
paired by, her -long life upon the yacht
Tolna and the many and constant dangers
she had encountered. She besought the
man who had promised to protect' and
cherish" her to abandon the yacht, alter
this mode of living and to procure a home
upon land at some place convenient and
satisfactory to himself. „ She explained to
her titled husband how the contemplated
•voyage was fraught with' unusual' dan
gers and entirely beyond her strength and
powers of endurance. The wife's -appeal
did not^touclrthe Festetics heart. He re
fused to alter his plans and she asserted
her true American womanhood, and then
and there! told him it was impossible for
her to live any longer upon the yacht.
Thereupon ;bn April '20. 1SS9. Count Fes
tetics sailed away on his yacht for Co
lombo and left thV Countess at Singa
pore, alone. "unprotected, without money
or other means of -subsistence and with
out any. place of abode. , The Countess'
stay at Singapore was brief. She applied
to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Hag
gin, and they, furnished her with the
means to return to the United States.'
.After, reaching as aforesaid, plaintiff
visited the interior of Japan in company with
defendant for, about two: months, when they
returned ! to Kobe and resumed their ' living
upon said yacht until early In October. 1S97.
when 'plaintiff 'received ' news of the sickness
of her mothfr. and by reason thereof took pas
sage ' by^ steamer for California. , (eavins de
fendant '"at" sa'Id 'Kobe, and arrived .at San
Francisco about the ¦ 1st of ¦ November of the
same year, plaintiff lived trltli • her parents
In the United States from «ald November until
about. April. .A., D; 1S9S. . Durln? this psrlod
the defendants remained on said yacht, and in
the meantime sailed It- to Hongkong:, where
plaintiff Joined him early. In May. . 1S3S. and
they - lived, thereafter ' upon said yacht until
about the end of that: month, when defendant
announced his intention of proceeding thereon
to Manila. On or about the first day of June.
1898. plaintiff" "objected to staying longer on
said . yacht, and- stated to defendant that the
same was an unflt place for her to live, that
to remain thereon was extremely dangerous and
Injurious to her health, and that It was un
reasonable for him to expect h*r ' to* longer
continue In , such" place and mode' of living;
all of which said statements were true; b*it de
fendant Insisted that plaintiff should remain
with him on said yacht, and plaintiff yielded
to his commands and wishes in this respect
and proceeded with him thereon .to Manila,
reachlns that port In June. 1S9S. and thence
they sailed to Borneo, reaching Sandakan. oa
that island, in August, 1S3S, and remained
there about sis weeks, and then sailed to
Labuan, ' remaining there about one
month. and thence sailed to Singa
pore, arriving- at the latter place In the
month of November following. During all this
time, : with rare exceptions, plaintiff lived on
said yacht by day and by night, even when in
port.. From November, 1S98. until April. 1S93,
the ' plaintiff and .the defendant remained at
Singapore, living on .the yacht a part of the
time, when not visiting residents of said place.
Not Mentioned in the Complaint
•' The only • Journey not mentioned In the
complaints 13 the Countess" trip across the
continent I from } the palatial | Haggrin .man
sion on i Fifth avenue to the deserted J. B.
Haggiri home'on Taylor street In this city.
Without any*, fuss or flurry the Countess
Festetics came about two weeks "ago, tak
ing up her abode at the Haggin home and
now and t then ,' honoring i her grandaunt,
Mrs. Lloyd Tevis.. with, her .presence at the
latter, lady's ; dinner table. The Countess
lost ; no > valuable time during ¦ her brief
stayJV'She sought the advice of E. S. Ptlls
bury/whose name as "attorney for plain
tiff**-Is-affixed to the complaint, and then
went for rest and recreation to the beau-
I^ftjthe- Yacht in Despair.
by palls, was built and <ywned by the defendant
anil, wns :unRt and . Inadequate 'for- the pur
poses to which It was put as hereinafter statM.
That from the Bald 9th day of October. 1W3,
until the month of Oejober. A. D. 1837. the
plaintiff lived continuously with defendant
upon said y(*rht. during this |>erlod
sailed from ¦ Honolulu to the Tahiti Island*,
n-achlnr 'the 'latter tn* January. -A. D. -H31;
thence to the Samoan Islands, nrrlvlr.^ there
about July. 1S94; thence to the FIJI Islands
and thente. to NewScuth Wales, reaching Syd
ney In .December. ISM. and Ifft the latter place
In May. A. D. 1S33. for the New Hebrides,
making .Villa Harbor the following month:
thence cruUfd about the New Hebrides, Santa
Cruz and Solomon Islands and arrived at N*«w
Britain In tHe Bismarck Archipelago about the
end cf lVcemb?r, isS5; in February.
1S1W. siHed" fcr the Admiralty Islands, and
after staying therV about two weeks sailed for
Japan, reaching Yokohama In May. 1SSS. Dur
ing this last cruls* and while the plaintiff and
the defendant were on the said yacht, it en-
C9unjered .a typhoon which nearly wrecked the
fald yarht. and whlrh carried away all Its
sails. -and did other Injuries. From May. 1836.
until July. 1S37. said yacht remained at Yoko
hama for refitting and repairs, and In the lat
ter month' salted for Kobe, reaching the lat
ter place about the end of that month. During
all this time the plaintiff not only lived with
defendant' upon said yacht as aforesaid, but
with > the exception of about one month at
Mntujil In N>"w Britain she usually remained
thereon at night while In the various ports
before mentioned.
COLONEL ; R. S. S. BADEN-POWELL, the Gallant Defender of
Mafeklng 1 .
Whether, Mafeklng holds out until.the relieving column, whlchls said to
be very neaf,' reaches It or falls before the desperate assaults, which the Boers
are reported to be making, the Btory of Its defense > will cover one. of .the
'. most brilliant pages of the history of ; the, whole '. war.' ""Hurriedly '< sent .to the ¦
•ucene'.by'Uora -¦ .-Wolseley ' some weeks .'before; the/ war'.'brokc *¦: out/. Colonel ¦
Baden-Powell laid his plans for its defense,, and assisted ; ' by. Lord Edward
Cecil, soh : of.Lord Salisbury; Major A'yvyan, and a^ number, of other," offl-',
cers, with a force. of some, 600 regulars and colonials, with- some residents,
had good preparation made •when 'the Boers appeared before the town on Oc- '
'tober 16. The'flrst assault in; force*. November 8, was":successfully repelfed, 1 a3^
have been the many made since; and at, last accounts ".the little;: garrison/, now,^
almost decimated. Is st!H bravely « holding : Its ¦ own? against" shot and Vshell ;
t from . without and disease • and .hunger wlthlnr. To 'Colonel 'Baden-Powell,- cr v
VB.P.;"; as; he 'Is "popularly called,! the brave- and able", commander,- belong',
laurels even, larger, than: those won by ' Sir "George '.White "at; Ladysmjth orf
Colonel -Kckewlch at KImberley.'" " .' . . ¦'[.'.'
room of the House of Commons this
morning Sir James Kltsrm announced that
Mafeklng had been relieved. ¦* The War
Office, however," Is. unable to confirm the
announcement.
CAPE TOWN, May 17.— A dispatch from
Lorenzo Marques, ilated to-day, says that
Commandant Eloff. grandson of President
Kruger. with a patrol entered Mafeklng.
whereupon Colonel Baden-Powell ; opened
fire on the burghers, killing seventeen of
them and taking Eloff. and ninety of his
men prisoners. ¦ .
man for fighting purposes at the front.
Dr. Archer, who was at. Dundee durinp
the Boer occupation, asserts that there
are several hundred Englishmen nerv'ng
in tht Bwr forces who would desert if as
sured of pariion from the British. The
Pretoria official list of foreigners shows
10) EnRlishrr.en. who are not fiphting. but
hold thoir residence In the Transvaal by
Special permission. They are bank clerks,
engineers and shopkeepers.
Durban reports the receipt of a tele
pram from Ixiurtnzo Marques saying that
a Boer plot to blow up the British cruiser
Tone was discovered and that in conse
quence the warship steams out seven
mil<;s nishtly.
President Steyn saw the fight at the
Zand River. The impression he got there
was that his burghers could not face Ixtrd
Roberts in a pitched battle, and this re
sulted. nccordinK to advices from lx>u-
T( nzo Marques, In his decision to evacuate
the Kroonstad works without a battle.
Great Stand of Federals.
Th»* St:'_ndar<] says: "From pro-Boer
sources w*> learn th«t the first great stand
by the Federals will be on the ridges near
Johannesburg;. 1 his position has been
'strongly ir.trencherl and the burghers be
llevc they can hold it for some time.' If
driven from that point part of the force
will be thrown into Pretoria to withstand
a siege, while the main body will retreat
to the Lydenburg district with the Inten
tion cf keeplns up a guerrilla warfar*
from thnt mountainous recion. They be
lieve they can indefinitely postpone a paci
fication of the country."
This view is partly supported by a dls
ratch to the Times from Lourrnzo
Marques, which sayr: "There is general
tnlk in Pretoria of President ICruger con
t<rr;p:attng an Immediate departure from
the capital. There seems no longer any
doubt. of the intention of the Transvaal to
trar.sfer the seat of government to the
LyCenburg district and to endeavor to
mako a final stand there. The Raad Is
reported to have indorsed the proposal."
Tho Times also says that a number of
the Transvaal officials are preparing for
flight, and that State Secretary Reitz has
celected South America as his future
hoire. It is unofficially asserted that Lord
Kitchener is in command of the Maf eking
relief column and that news of the relief
of ihe town cannot be received until ilon.
day.
GENERAL HUNTER HAS
OCCUPIED CHRISTIANA
LONDON, May 17.-The War Office has
received the following dispatch frcm
Lord Roberts:
"KROONSTAD. Wednesday. May 16.—
Rundle yesterday occupied Mequatllngs
Nek and Modderpoort without opposition.
Hunter has entered the Transvaal and
has advanced within ten miles of Chris
tiana. Mothucn has reached a point
twelve miles on the Hoopstad road with
out eecing the enemy. Natives and local
whites have confirmed the previous re
ports of the disorganization of the Free
Staters. Tha situation here is un
ur.changed."
KROONSTAD, May 17.— Hunter has oc
cupied Christiana without opposition, the
enemy having retired to Klerksdorp, un
der, the impression that the' latter was
threatened by a portion of this force from
Parye. Bundle's force was tflcso to Clo
colan yesterday evening. The country
was ciear of the enemy.
The resident commissioner in Basuto
land reports that a number of -Boers liv
lcp In the Flcksburg and Bethlehem dis
tricts have applied to him for advice and,
as to the conditions of surrender. This
Is- very satisfactory.
Belief Prematurely Announced.
LONDON, May 17. — Ii> tha commltteu
LONDON. May IS. 2:30 a. m.—Eng
land Btlll v.-aits with intense and
almost breathless interest for new*
of the relief of MifeVtog. A crowd
rcmr.rUaMe tnr the number of men
in evening dress and including ladies "41a-
Rfr».J around ti*e V."ar Office cv(-n after
BiMnlshtJ hopir.pf far some announcement.
Only rt'.ucianUy did tho people disperse
•who'n the Iobt4«i of the War Office were
finally cleared with the v.ord that ncthinvr
liiid been r«*ceiv«.d.
One thing seems clear. The town still
bold* out. Were it otherwise the Beer
trtrea '.aid to the camps of the belecpu.-rs
voui«i have flnsh^tl the news.
Skeleton messages frnm l^ourrnzo ilar
ques. l>a.«cd on information that leaked
nut at tho I'nHori.i War Office, show that
the f!orr Etortaers Saturday fell into a
trap. Colonel Baden-Powp'l permitted
them to seize one fort and he then sur
rtmnded and ove.ibore them before the
large forces war at har.d perceived lh<
Ftratrgy. It vras thus that Parel Elcff,
President Krugcr'c Kraniirnn. and part of
his commando wen? takon and fifty Boers
tilled.
The Canadian artilVry contir.prr.t of the
R-liodcFiru 1 . for^e is now reported to have
reached I5uh:wayo ilay 2. As the railway
is op<>n all ihe way to PXlsaajrJ tw< nty
figiit rnijes from Marking, wju re Colonel
Plumer !s. the Canadians may yet take
tart in the relief.
General I'r^nch. scouting northward,
found the Boors In strong forcp at Rhe
r.OFterFprult. thirty miles from Xroon
etad. Generals Botha. Deiarey and Oli
vier, with artillery, v ere holding the posi
tion.
President Steyn. according to one dis
patch, ha? cone to Pretoria. Another
fays ho is a furtive at Undtey. The
Free Staters arc surrendering en all sides.
A dispatch from Cap* .Town Fays that
proclamations are being .printed th'-re. to
tx; published on the Queen's birthday,
May 24. ccr.exlr.g the Free State.
"Will Accept Annexation.
One of President Steyn's brothers, who
Is a prisoner of General Brabant. say«
that tho Pnw Staters will accept annexa
tion. Thc?c who took up arms the second
time, ho c-xpia'r.s. had to- do so* under
throats of Irwttypt Ceatti it they refused.
Flv« h»:r.«'.r'-<1 riS<»."? have been eurren
2cr».d at ECrocssiad !n excess of the num
ber f)* Boers who have taken the oath
Bf alkRianre. Lord Roberts has dlrectr-d
the IJrii'.Eh commanders to recriye a!l
rcmers in ?oo3 spirit and to Issue them
passes to r,o to their farms.
Gen<--rcl Buller is pushing straight ahead
Brtthorit cppositlonj He has only lest five
wounded during the movement. Appar
ently he is a!:r.ir,?» at Laings Nek, which
Is ihe dlrrct road to the Trtmsvaal, al
though he may diverge to Bothaa Pafes.
•Gcr.errJ Hunter's rr.ovementg in the
Western Trar:tvaal arc rather puzzling.
He has returned to Fourteen Streams
•with cr.e briprade. '.caving another. Gen
eral Barton's, at Christiana. Lord
Mcthuer. Is faid to be advancing: alongr
Uie south tank of the VaaL Colonel
Kekewlcb !s with him. The loop railway
line across the Vaal Is fast nearlng com
pletion. The probability is that General
Hunter took back a brigade to Fourteen
Streams, owing to the scarcity of trans
port.
Ger.eral RurxJIe has captured 10,030 bags
or corn. Ho is marrhrng sio-a-iy through
a district trh'.ch Is described an CliteraJly
ictmtRZ vita cattio. sheep and horses."
Hichacl Bavitt'3 Assurances.
ir:eh»el Da%-itt. p.ccorfilr.f? to a dispatch
frc*.n Lcurer.zo Marques, is eald to have
aCvIecd the Boers while he traa In Prc
tcrla that If thoy couW hold uctll the I
Presidential c'ccticn In the United States
they rr-lsht Icei "pretty e-^re of interven
tlon."
At Jcfcar.ncaburr; th« worasn are form-
Irg a rollc» corps so as to release every
Plague Spreads in Sydney.
SYDNEY. N. S. W., May 17.— Two hun
dred and thirty-five cases of the' bubonic
plague have thus far been ofllclally re
ported. Of theso seventy-nine, have proved
fatal. A second death from the plague
has occurred at Rockhampton, Queens
land.
Courtenay filed suit fcr divorce January
23. He'stnted that his wife's reason could
never be restored, and in this he was sub
stantiated by several persona.
Mrs. Courtcnay saw the suicide and be
lieved that her husband had gone to his
death In the Waves and she became vio
lent. Whenever her husband would pre
sent himself to her after that she though!
that she saw only his ghost. Her hallu
cination caused her to attempt his llfo
several times.
A decree of divorce was granted yester
day to Harold Courtcnay by Judge
Murasky, separating him from Iaabelle
Sweet Courtenay. the daughter of Francis
Cutting-, the millionaire fruit packer. The
proceedings were marked with little of a
sensational nature. Courtcnay going on
the stand and reiterating the story of how
he married an insane woman without
knowing it and her attempts to murder
him when their honeymoon had scarcely
begun.
The story of the Courtenays, as told ex
clusively In The Call last November, was
stranger than fiction. It tvgun when Cut
ting, whose daughter had lost her reason,
thought that marriago would restore her
mind and attempted to flml a. husband for
her. Courter.ay came alcnp. and during
his wooing was led to believe that his In
tended briiie was possessed of all of her
senses. He married her and shortly after
their departure for Venice on the steamer
Fulda a passenger closely resembling
Courtenay committed suicide by leaping
from the deck of the vessel.
Closing Chapter of a Story of Mar
riage That Proved to Bs Stranger
Than Fiction.
HAROLD COURTENAY
GETS HIS DIVORCE
tlful place in Napa Valley, the homo ot
her aunt. Mrs. George Hooper.
The lady who has appealed to the law
to rid her of husband and title was form
erly Miss Ella Hag=rln. daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Haggln, and grandnlece of
Mrs. X.loyd Tevia. It was during a two
years' sojourn in Paris, daring which
period Miss Haggln was undergoing the
elaborate educational process of being
"finished off," that she met Count Festet
ics. The Count at that time was cutting
quite, a dash in the social world of the gay
capital. He had not yet thought of navi
gation, but was contented with driving a
four-in-hand in the bois. The piquante
American girl attracted the attention of
the Austrian lieutenant, and when she left
for her home in New York Festetics found
business to call him to the American me
tropolis. The wedding which followed was
a quiet but elegant one, as befits the nup
tials of the daughter of a many times
millionaire and a nobleman of the Aus
trian empire. It Is to thl3 wedding that
the society gossips are now referring ana
building the possibilities of what the titled
gentleman's answer to the complaint may
be. Count Festetics is a Catholic, his wife
an Episcopalian. They were married ac
cording to the rites nZ the Episcopal
church. There was no special dispensa
tion. After reciting theso facts, the gos
sips argue that under those circumstances
Eila Haggin would not in Austria be rec
ognized as the wife of ftodoiph. Count
Festetics de Tolna. Therefore, they add.
the Count will make answer that the lady
; known as the Countess Festetica is not his
. legal wife.
Colonel Baden-Powell Permitted Them to Seize
One Fort, and Then Surrounded Thenv Killing
Fifty of the Federal Troops. /
Six Men Killed and as Many
More Injured by One
MASSACRE
ON STEAMER
PRINZ CARL
ASSASSIN IS UNDER ARREST
— •
Confesses to the Crimes and Says He
Had Stolen Money From the
Captain of the Ves
sel.
COPENHAGEN, May 17.— A telegram
from Hoping. Sweden, reports that
as the steamer Hoping last night
was passing the Prlnz Carl, a man
sprang upon the deck of>the latter
vessel and shouted: "If ' any. one .comes
near I will shoot." At the same moment
a woman was seen hanging over the ship's
shie, shrieking for help. * The man escaped
In a boat. When the Prinz Carl was
boarded, it was found that twelve men on
board had been shot, six o* whom,'In
cluding the captain, were dead. The rest
were found locked In their quarters. One
of the wounded has since died.'
The wounded say they were ' playing
cards in the smoking room about, half
past 11, with other passengers, when some
body put his head In the room and.ex
claimed: "Look, out! .There Is a massa
cre on board." ../
'At. the. same moment shots. were heard.
All sprang to their'feet In order to leave
the cabin, but they found, the door fas
tened on the outside., Wblle\ they were
trying to force the door a shot was tired
throuph the window, and hit ono of them—
a man named Karson,.whq fell- to the
floor. The other three— Schneider, Kondl
tor and I.indquist — burst cpen the door.
Lindqulst, who was the first to step
through, received a bullet . in his head.
Disregarding the- wound he ran after the
assassin to the steering room. - 'The fu
gitive shouted .down the speaking tube:
"Full speed ahead." "The engines .were
already at full ppeed.'and the engineer
replied: "Is that the captain?" receiving
tho answer: "Certainly; 'drive' her to the
devil." '. .
The engineer put the" engines v at* full
speed, astern. : The assassin. tnen ran. down
to the engine room' and threatened to
shoot tho engineer if ,he did < not .-obey.
The engineer., barricaded the room../ At
that moment the Koplng came along and
the murderer fled in a boat." - ,
«S ; £OCKHOLAI. Hay 17.— Th» police' hnve
tracked to 'Eskilsturra." (fifty-seven miles
west of this city)* and. arrested there the
author, of the .Prlnz Carl tragedy. He
tried to fire a revolver at the" officers.
When arrested -he. gave his name as Philip
Xordlund." " ¦ v ;•¦¦-;
On being questioned about the murders,
tne prisoner replied that It was a mat
ter for the police authorities to unravel.
On being further .questioned. N'ordlund
confessed his crimes and said ho 'had
stolen eight hundred kroner from the cap
tain. - " '
BOER STORMERS FELL
INTO TRAP AT MAFEKING
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXYII-XO. 171).
Eila Festetics de Tolna Has Brought Suit for Di
. vorce From Her Roving Foreign Husband, Alleg
ing That He Left Her Destitute in Singapore* s
SHE DOESN'T WANT TO
BE A COUNTESS ANY MORE
The San Francisco Call
LONDON. May IS.— The Pekinff corres
pondent of the Times says: The anti-for
eign movement, headed by the Boxers, has
attained alarming proportions. There lias
been . a serious anti-Christian outbreak
near Pao-Tlng-Fu, province of Pe-Chl-Li.
seventy-three native Christians being
murdered. Including women and children.
Many were burned alive.
The Catholic missionaries report that
the persecution la the most serious known
for years. The danger la Increased by tho
apathy or connivance of tho Government.
WITH GENERAL BULLER'S ADVANCE IN NATAL— Thorneycroft's Mountain Infantry
Reconnoitering" the Boer Positions on the Bigrgarsbergv
In the r.d vance from Ladysraith toward the Transvaal border General Buller's army has passed
over the very fi? Ids 'w^iclT^weTe "wet" "o'y~tEe first LleoJ shed ir. th« "war — H«itfontein, Elands I^aagtc,--
Wasclibank. Dundee and Glencoe, -where at Talana Hill on the 20th of October ". last the first battle was
fought. Ke is now within a half day's march of Majuba Hill, where a little over years ago
the British under Sir George Colley met the disastrous defeat at the- hands of .the Boers under the late"
General P. J. Joubert, to avenge which has cut no small figure in the conduct of the war and inspiriting
the British scldiers. -. .— .'..,..., Lynch Probably Elected.
SYRACUSE, N. Y.. May 17.-From re
turns already received from numerous
local unions, the Lynch campaign com
mittee in this city claim the election of
James M. Lynch of Syracuse as president
of the International Typographical Union
by a plurality of about 2300. ...
not allied with the Democratic factions,
and has always been a strong party man;
BUTTE. Mont.. May 17.— The platform
adopted | by the Republican State Con
vention commends the administration of
McKinlpy, calls for the re-election of Sen
ator Carter, denounces trusts and on local
affairs says: iV *
¦VTe'd^nounc* th# pretent Democratic State
rowrnment. both In executive and legislative
department*, as incompetent and unworthy of
the confidence of the people. They have by
thMr administration of the affairs of the State
brought £Ugrac* to Montana, ruined the good
reputation of Fom«* of Its citizen*, defled our
Urn and made bribrjr and corruption synono
ni'-us with Deraor-rary. ... . • .
\\> heartily commend the action -of those
Republicans who stood by their party ""In the
election of UnUe<l States Senator in the- last
Legislature. ¦ • • .
W> also denounce In unmeasured terms the
betrayal of Republican principles by the eleven
Republican* who v«t»d for and assisted "In' the
election ax the last L^sriplatlve Assembly of a
Ix-mocrat in the peiron of W. A. Clark to the
Unlled gtrtes Senate.
\\> d^noonce the statement recently raw/it
in the United 6tate« Senate that SO per cent
of the people of Mnmana favor a Democratic
l"nited Btates Senator, no matter whom he may
b», and oswrt that the people of Montana If
Clven th» opportunity will send as our repre
sentatives two Republican Senators. -. , <•.
A minority report approved the action
of -.the Republicans who voted, against
Clark and omitted any mention of those
•who <5Id. The majority report was adopt
ed without division.
Thomas H. Carter United States Sena
tor, was elected delPgate and chairman
of the delegation by -a rising vote. " [
The other five delegates elected by ac
clamation are: C \V. Goodale of Cascade,
Henry Dion of Dawson. David E." Folsom
of Meagher, Tyler B. Worden of Missoula
and John F. Forbis of Silver Bow." Among
the alternates elected were Messrs. Hc-
JCay, Hedges and Lindsay, who were
members of the Legislature and refused
to vote for Clark with the other Repub
licans. Ex-Justice W. H. Dewitt was
ejected National Committeeman.
Instructed for McKiniey.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 17.— The Re
publican State Convention met here this
afternoon and after, a session ' of nine
hours, with two hours* Intermission,'elect
ed four delegates tf> the national . conven
tion, four alternates and two Presidential
2fembers of the Party Who Supported
:£* Clark for Senator Are De
nounced.
PLATFORM ADOPTED BY
MONTANA REPUBLICANS
SANTA CRUZ, May : 17.-The narrow
gauge train from San Francisco was de
railed near that depot to-day by an open
switch.- The engine, tender and forward
wheels of the baggage car left the track
The passengers were badly shaken up.
Wreck-.at ' Santa Cruz.
BT. LOUIS. Mo., Siay 17.-The onimt
army of employes is not yet tashrht ,"
stew con(erMcM »£&&
Transit company officials a B aln met a t
the Planters Hotel and continued 7n SCS
felon two hours, but the- conference *?.
without definite result. The differences
have narrowed down to a clause ™H
calls for the complete reinstatement of
all the nld men. The railroad i im , OI
Jatly ¦ rtiited that under nTcW ms uS
would the men employed bv them to rm
?£***** lhe strikers be displaced After
the . adjournment President Whittake/ *
the Transit company stated that Ws oftSJ
w f.l"u al ' and tfcat *t lay now altolethlr
with the men whether the strike was to
continue or be called off. was to
The grievance committee at onca left
for the west end of the Coliseum where
the general committee of the strikers'
union and practically all the striking tm
ployes were assembled in mass meltfne
The proposiUon of the railroad company
wap submitted to the meeting for ratifl^
cation, but up to 10:30 o'clock to-nieht the
matter was still under discussion It 1^
stated that In case of a rejectment of the
proposition a fcympathetic strike of all
labor unions in the city or a labor demon'
stratlon in the near future will be dis
cussed. .'-.-' t . - • - • °
Insist That All Old Employes Be Put
Back to Work by the street
Railway.
?f le £V^ 8 and '"structed them to vote fnr
ny of Lexington and \V. A Gainst 7^"
ore^were elected delegates^ t&SeSSd
ST. LOUIS STRIKERS
STILL REFUSE TERMS
CHICAGO. ¦ May 17.-A special to the
Times-Herald from Helena, Mont.,, says:
When the United States Senate Commit
tee on Privileges and Elections meets to
morrow it will have to face another com
plication in the Clark ; Senatorial : case.
Governor Smith arrived in Butte this
afternoon and - wired Attorney General
Nolan to meet him in that city. The Gov
ernor desired to consult the Attorney
General as to the form in which he will
put a protest that he will wire to the
Senate to-morrow against the acceptance
of the credentials of Mr. Clark on the
appointment of Lieutenant Governor
Spriggs.
Governor Smith will base his protest on
the ground .that the appointment is .viti
ated Decause of fraud. Hft will allege that
the resignation of Senator Clark was
written in April and that>the date that it
now. bears. May ; 11, was v the result of the
erasureyof the 'original • date, which, it
.will be alleged, ". can be easily proved by
examination of the document. Ci-*%.
¦ He wlUallege'also that the resignation
was In the possession of Charles A.. Clark
son of the Senator, for several weeks, and
that the resignation of Senator Clark at
the time he did resign and his appoint
ment by Lieutenant '-¦ Governor Spriggs
was part of a plot to insure his appoint
ment, by the Lieutenant Governor. In
the • carrying out . of •• the plot, 1 It will be
added, misrepresentation and other de
ylous methods were U8ed to get the Gov
ernor out of the State. .
The - Governor i- will . hold that owinf to
alleged | f raudulenti practices - followed - in
the , appointment of <\Mr. Clark the ¦ ap
pointment- Is : void; 'and ,he wjll .'himself
make an ; appointment to ! nil • the vacancy
from Montana. ; ¦ \ ', -•
i While it- la; not : positively knownYwhom
the ; Governor will appoint. f it. is v believed
that : Martin 3 Maglnnis, -who represented
Montana In -. Congress In the"" early ' days
of the territory, will be chosen. He Is
« ; complisned by Fraud,
Hence Is Void.
Alleges That the Selection of the
..: Senator, by Spriggs Was Ac-
Governor Smith of Montana
to Oppose Seating of
Clark.
WILL PROTEST
AGAINST THE
APPOINTMENT
Mrs. Dr. George H. Richardson, wlfe'qf,
a surgeon In the regular army, was found
dead In bed at 10:30 o'clock last night at
her home, 3019 California street, from
chloroform poisoning. The circumstances
do not point to suicide, although the Coro
ner has taken charge of the case and will
hold an Inquest.
Mrs. Richardson's condition was discov
ered first by her husband upon his return
home from a call. He found his wife had
retired with their daughter Dorothy,
aged three and one-half years old. Fall-
Ing to get response when he spoke her
name. Dr. Richardson went to the bed
side to arouse his wife and then caw that
Fhe was nearly, gone. Summoning Dr.
Shumate, the husband tried every means
to resuscitate the woman," but his efforts
were fruitless. \ ' ,. ¦:':.,
Tho cause of death was disclosed In, the
nearly emptied; vial which etood on.; a
table by the bedside and had contained
chloroform. Dr. Richardson explained 1 the
presence ot the poison by telling Deputy
Coroner Brown that it had been pur
chased a couple of weeks ago when the
doctor performed , an operation on His
wife's teeth. Since then. Dr. Richardson
said, his wife had suffered much from
sleeplessness. , . . . • ¦•..
It was supposed that she had Inhaled or
drank the fluid to produce Bleep. This
explanation was made in lieu of any rea
son which the ' doctor I could t give for ' pos-
Bible suicide.- ¦/- '» . :. ,. . ¦ .
' Mrs. 1 Richardson- -was ; 30' years A old -a
native of Nova Scotia. Her husband went
to Manila with the First California Vol
unteers. Since his . return he entered. the
regular army: . The. family had been ar
ranging to move to 'the- officers' quarters
at the Presidio, where a residence was be
ing prepared for them. ¦¦¦>:\
Mrs. Dr. George H. Richard
son Falls a Victim to
Chloroform.
Found Dead in Bed by Her Husband,'
With Her Baby by Her Side. }
May Be Suicide or Acci
dent.
POISONOUS DRUG
KILLS AN ARMY
SURGEON'S WIFE
A lawyer is a learned man who rescues
your possessions from an enemy— and
keeps them for his trouble. . •.?''.
OAKLAXD. May 17.— With the hand of death upon him "William F. Ballard
was married shortly before midnight this evening at his rooms in the
Windsor Hotel to Rosa Frances Klink. the engagement having existed
only four day?. At the bedside of the dying groom the remarkable wed
ding ceremony was celebrated. The young bridegroom had. only a few hours be
fore bf-en told that his time on earth was almost spent. His physician Dr
John Fearn. had Faid the patient's case was hopeless. '
Word cf her betrothed 1 * condition was carried to Miss Klink, and with It went
the Fick mans urgent request that they become husband and wife before death
f-hould close his eyes. The young woman consented, and arrangements wer«
hastened for the deathbed marriage at midnight. Friends secured the services
of Deputy County Clerk Ray Baker, who issued the necessary 'marriage license
and Rev. Paul M. Spencer, assistant pastor of the First Methodist Church wa.s
summoned to officiate at this extraordinary wedding. ' '
There was no hesitation on the part of either of the young neoDle Th..
proom. according to the clergyman, while weak and manifestly neaV the "end of
life, was fully conscious. The bride stood by the bedside clasping the hand,
of her dying lover while the words of the marriage rite were said
Dr. Fc-arn declared as soon as the wedding ceremony was completed th«t
his patient could live only a few hours longer. The marriage was the rJ«Ut
of an acquaintance of the parties of several months. Ballard came here
from Chicago about a year ago In search of health. He Is a grand rtermtv «
the Order of the Maccabees. His age is 2S years, and he is Sx years older thin
his bride, who resides in this city. i OIOer than
MIDNIGHT MARRIAGE
AT DEATHBED SIDE
few weeks of the convention made it Im
perative that the secretary 'do this work
for a busy man far removed from the con
vention city. Over 350 personal letters
were written before the programme was
completed. The themes were; chosen/tirst
and the best persons to represent them
were chosen later. No man was selected
especially on account of denomination or
locality. The men given a place upon our
programme are such as have actively
identified themselves with our work and
are experts along its various lines. It Is
to be regretted that so many prominent
speakers have been compelled to decline
the invitations to speak for us. The gen
eral assembly' now meeting in the East
has deprived us of such stalwart Presby
terians as Rev. Robert Mackenzie of San
Francisco, Rev. Robert F. Coyle of Oak
land, Rev. Hugh K. Walker of L.O3 An
geles, Rev. E. L,. Rich of "Watsonvllle.
W". G. Alexander of San Jose. Rev. Robert
Burdett of Pasadena and Benjamin Ide
Wheeler."
When the report of Secretary Reid
cornea to b« read It will show that there
are 4S8 senior societies In the State. 206
Junior societies and 59 intermediate. There
are 13,810 active senior members, 1382 hon
orary. 1200 intermediate and 10.000 juniors,
making a total of nearly 30.000. These
figures have not been published before.
There will be formed a Christian En
deavor veterans' association, composed of
all the past presidents and prominent
State Endeavorers who have been In the
work a long time. ' „
It Is the Intention to divide the office of
tho secretary, making a general and a
statistical secretary- There will be no
change In the constitution. . f • . :.
Special Dispatch to The Call. >
STOCKTON, May 17.— There has been
some talk that the Congregatloriallsts had
too large a representation on the pro-
W. H. G. Temple, D. D.. of the Seattle
Congregational church, responded for the
visitors.
The convention sermon was delivered by
Rev. S. D. Hutsinpiller, D. D., of Central
M. E. Church of San Francisco, and It
.was one of the best sermons ever heard
in the city. Those who had the privilege
of hearing it say that it was Indeed a
treat. Special music and a chorus by the
choir made up. the remainder of the pro
gramme.
After the convention adjourned an open
air band concert was given on the plaza
and hundreds turned out to listen and to
view the electrical display furnished by
the electrical company.
The Courthouse dome was lighted with
hundreds of Incandescent lights, while
the words "Stockton Extends Greetings,"
made of colored lights, made a pretty
scene and one not soon to be forgotten by
those who witnessed It.
To-morrow a lengthy programme will
be carried out. The remainder of the
delegates will reach the city on the early
morning trains and the State executive?
committee will hold a session, at which
much Important business will be trans
acted.
UNFORTUNATE ABSENCE
OF PROMINENT SPEAKERS
OPENING OF THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR CONVENTION.
The matter of greatest Importance per
haps will 'be the announcement that there
will be no State division of the California
union: : The matter, although urged -.by
some a' few- months apro, has been kept
from much publicity. Some of the mem
bers of- Southern California- wanted to
withdraw. It was decided not to stand In
their way, and so the matter was quietly
submitted to the Southern California
unions for a vote. It was lost and the ex
act result will be announced. It is ex.
pected that the announcement will raise
the greatest enthusiasm of any during
the convention. ,
"Who will be the next president of the
State Christian Endeavor? That is a very
important question to-day, although the
election does not come off untU Saturday.
The man In line Is James M. Warren 6f
Santa Barbara, but he says he cannot ac
cept on account of his duties as a bank
clerk, J. W. Ross, chairman of the local
committee, is next in line. He says It
would be Impossible for him to accept.
The next man is E. H. Baker of San Jose.
Others mentioned are Claude McFarland
of Los Angeles. Dr. O. S. Dean of Ala
meda and Charles Stewart of Ventura.
If it does not fall among them it is not
known where It will strike. It may end
In Mr. Ross taking the nomination. Ac
cording to denominational succession the
president should • go to the Christian
church, but it Is not compulsory.- -For
treasurer A. J. Atkinson of Sacramento la
being pushed. Francis W. Reid of Contra
Costa will be re-elected general secretary
If. the convention 'divides the office and
the light president Is elected. Superin
tendent ' of Junior "Work Miss Belle P.
Mason of San Diego will be re-elected. -
STOCKTOX, May 17.— The thirteenth
annual session of the Christian En
deavor Union of California was call
ed to order this evening by Presi
dent Coulthurst at Agricultural
Pavilion, with half of the delegates in
their seats. A most interesting pro
gramme was carried out and the evening
meeting betokens a memorable State gath
ering, as the speakers were exceptionally
good. After the formal opening song ser
vice and scripture reading, President J.
W. Roser of the "1900 committee" deliv
ered the address of welcome for the com
mittee and local Endeavorers. T-
Mayor W. B. Harrison extend ?d the
greetings of the city; Orrin S. Herderson.
chairman of the Board of Suporvi. ors for
the county, and Rev. R. H. Sink for the
pastors and churches of Stockton. Rev.
gramme. Staje Secretary Reid says the
programme was made up without any
consideration of denominational lines.
Sometimes the first man invited could not
attend, so that 'in securing another the
denominational balance was broken. He
says:
"The programme is usually arranged by
the president, but this year the promotion
of J. K. Coulthurst of San Diego, first vice
president, to. the place relinquished by J.
A. Wilson on account of illness within a.
Delegates and Visitors Pour Into the City
oh Every Train and Are Formally
: Welcomed by Mayor Harrison.
METHODISTS
TO CONSOLIDATE
PUBLICATIONS
Economic Measure Adopted
by the General Con
ference.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., May 17.— The
General Assembly of the Cumberland
Presbyterian church convened in this city
to-day with about 200 of the 300 appointed
commissioners present. The commission
ers represent 126 presbyteries in the ter
ritory extending from Pennsylvania to
California and from Iowa to Louisiana.
The opening sermon was preached by the
retiring moderator. Dr. Halsell. Assem
bly communion was held to-night. The
assembly will be in session one week. Dr.
H. Bird of Uniontpwn. Pa., was elected
moderator to preside during the ensuing
year. Dr. Ira Landreth of Nashville was
nominated by the Southern representa
tives and Dr. John R. Walker by the-
West. Dr. Bird was elected by a narrow
majority.
ATLANTA, Ga.. May 17.— Rev. J. TV r .
Martin of Little Rock, Ark., was to-day
elected moderator of the present annual
session of the Southern General Assembly
of the Presbyterian church, now in ses
sion here. Nearly ! 1200 commissioners
representing every presbytery included in
the Southern General Assembly were
5 resent when the retiring moderator. Rev.
. F. Gannon of St. Louis opened the
thirty-ninth annual session of the General
Assembly to-day and delivered his ser
mon. From present indications there will
be no effort made to revise the creed of
the church.
Cumberland Presbyterians. -
and Western States and Territories, and
many of those in the South, with the
synods of Central and South China, North
China and India, are in attendance.
Among them are many eminent divines,
and prominent laymen.
Matters of great Importance are to be
considered, and it will probably be two
weeks before final adjournment is taken.
At present special interest is centered in
the election of a successor to Rev. Robert
F. Sample, D.D., LL.D.. moderator of the
assembly. Rev. Dr. William McKibben of
Cincinnati and Rev. Dr. Charles A. Dickey
cf Philadelphia, two of the several candi
dates for the position, arrived yesterday.
Rev. Charles A. Dickey. D.D.. of Phila
delphia was chosen moderator to succeed
Rev. Robert F. Sample. DD., LXi.D.
There are eight or ten candidates for
the position of clerk of the assembly, and
they come from all parts of the country.
California has one. Rev. Dr. William No
ble of Redlands.
Southern Assembly.
Presbyterians in Session.
ST. LOUIS, May 17.— The Presbyterian
General Assembly began its one hundred
and twelfth annual session at the
Washington and Compton avenue
Presbyterian Church to-day. Nearly
one thousand commissioners and dele
gates, representing all the Northern
CHICAGO, May 17.— Dr. William A. Kel
ly of the East New York conference, a
leading candidate for bishop at the Gen
eral Methodist Conference, withdrew
from the race to-day. He sent word to
his friends that he had decided to retire
from the field. His withdrawal gave rise
to a report of a combination by Dr. Spell
meyer and Dr. Berry. According to the
story told, the plan Is to elect the for
mer as the Kastern representative and the
latter from the West. To-night it Is said
the Kelly vote will go to Spellmeycr, to
gether with a sufficient number of Berry's
friends to elect the minister from New
Jersey* After this is accomplished the
Spellmeyer, Kelly and Berry forces will
unite to elect the latter. The rumor of
this powerful combination caused alarm
among the other candidates, who talked
of uniting the Held against them In an
effort to break the slate. If the Kelly
vote goes to Spellmeyer, the latter may
secure the neces3ary two-thirds vote re
quired to elect on the first ballot taken
to-morrow.
In the Interest of economy the commit
tee on the . book concern at its meeting
to-day decided to recommend to the "gen
eral, conference the consolidation of three
church papers and the - removal of the
book depository now located at St. .Louis
to 'Kansas City. The publications to be
united under one management are the
Central Advocate, St. Louis: the Omahn
'Advocate, Omaha. Neb., and the Rocky
Mountain .Advocate, Denver. These pe
riodicals will be published under the name
of the Central- Advocate and will be pub
lished at Kansas City if the general con
ference.concurs in the committee's recom
mendation.
The large book concern established in
St. Louis, more than a quarter of a cen
tury ago will be transferred to Kansas
City as a matter of business expediency.
.,The three papers enumerated have been
operated at a loss for a number of years
at the expense of the fund for superan
nuated preachers.
-.The sub-committee on periodicals and
depositories reported. advising the
changes referred to, and the entire after
noon was spent in debating the question.
¦The; delegates from Iowa Nebraska and
Colorado made a vain effort to prevent
the action and will renew their* objection
when the matter comes before the General
Conference for Anal discussion.
Dr. Kelly Withdraws From the Bish
opric Contest and May Throw
His Strength to Dr. ¦
Spellmeyer.
ENDEAVOR CONVENTION
OPENS AT STOCKTON
BOER DELEGATES
WARMLY WELCOMED
An Appeal Made by the Commissioners to the
American People to Ask Great Britain to
Stop the South African War.
New York Officials Make F Cordial
Speeches to the Three Peace
Envoys From the Transvaal.
NEW YORK. May IT.-Th* principal
event in connection with the visit to this
city of the Boer delegates occurred to
day when they were received at the City
Hall by the Mayor, and in accordance
with the resolutions passed by the Mu
nicipal Assembly, officially welcomed to
the city. Accompanied by the reception
committee and a delegation from the
Bouth African Club, the delegates drove
from the Hotel Manhattan to the City
Hall, where the Municipal Assembly and
the Mayor were awaiting them.
In anticipation of their arrival the cus
tomary large crowd around the City Hall
was largely increased and the services of
a number of policemen were required to
keep the. people from the Mayor's office.
The hour sot for the reception of the dele
pates was 3 o'clock and promptly on time
the first line of carriages turned into City
Hall Park. The crowd's pressed around
the carriages and cheered and the dele
gates raised their hats In acknowledg
ment.
Mayor Van Wyck was at his desk when
the delegation entered his office. Kiliaen
Van Renssalacr, chairman of the recep
tion committee, introduced each of the
delegates in turn to the Mayor, who said:
I sir. dehffhted to welcome you to this city of
New York and to assure you that in America
>r>u w!Jl receive a cordial welcome from the
liberty-loving people of this country. I desire
to inform you that the representatives of the
city of New York have asked me to extf nd you
a welcome, and I welcome you on behalf of
the peoi le of the city. Never since I have heen
In the Mayor's office has a more pleasant duty
\*tz\ discharged by me than this one to welcome
you on behalf of a frc-e people. I want to as
mre yr,u that wherever you iro you will find a
ivrlcome from the people, and we hope that
¦when your mission Is ended and you are return
ing to your own country you will again call on
us eo that we may have the pleasure of giv
ing you another welcome.
' Delegate Fischer said:
This is to us an occasion of pleasure and of
rride. Wt are not so conceited as to take to
ourselves the honor shown us, but we wish to
Fhow that we <V» not represent an unworthy
r*er>le. We believe that no people can under
nand what it is to struggle for freedom ex
«ept a ;>eople which has Rained its freedom by
turh a struggle. We have been told to avoid
the pitfall* of party cliques and we can pay
i hat we are as ignorant of party cliques as when
we arrived. The reception that has been given
to us comes from all classes of people. We
• annol think that the mission to seek peace
lor our country — peace with honor — win be un
successful. We hope we shall attain the ob-
Jects cf our rnissicn and we are encouraged in
our hopes by the splendid reception we are
glren everywhere. You. Mr. Mayor, would not
receive us a* you do if you thoupht us un
worthy. This reception by you is an honor
wtilch -we will remember. TTie small liberty
loving people will think th» better of, their biff
brother. We tbirJc we will come well out of
the ftnifgle. We have been told that ninety
per cut of the people of America sympathize
with us. We want to convert the other ten per
cent by simply telling the truth. We hope that
a free r«"opl» will not have appealed to you
free people In vain.
Alderman Kennedy then read an address
prepared on behalf of the Municipal As
sembly, welcoming the delegates.
Then Mr. Van Renssalaer introduced
Delegate Wessels, who said:
Each member of this committee has a part to
perform. The part assigned to Mr. Fischer is
speech-mailing. We have other duties which
we v.-Ul not mention now. We have come to
tell t!-:e free peonle of Amrrlca that we mean
to win and to retain our freedom: If not to-day,
to-morrow; If net to-morrow, we will keep on
fighting for it for the next one hundred years.
We have ha<r to fight for our liberty. We dirt
not want to fight, but we had to. We ou;;ht
to be worth some consideration to the United
States, because we are on;* free people appeal
ing to another. We do not ask you to tight
for us. but we do ask you to say to England.
••^top." and we think If America paid the word
the war would l>e FU>i><>ed. We are <J°' n E our
own 'fighting, but you can hardly rail it a
war. It is like a little boy trying to defend
himself when attacked. If we are beaten
America will probably be ashamed In future
years if the question should be asked, "Whrt
lias happened to your little brother?"
Delegate Wolmarens, who spoke 'n
Dutch, grave a history of the Transvaal
trouble from the beginning. lie said:
We never sought the war. It was thrust upon
up. We were robbed of our independence in
1*77 and regained it in [SSL. By the co-operation
of a small but well di=i>osed party in England
of which Gladstone was the head we. got the
convention of 1SS4, which pave us our inde
pendence without suzerainty. The question
was not disputed until after the Jameson raid.
We have tried to have all of our disputes arbi
trated. This has been refused by Mr. Cham
berlain and Sir Alfred illlner. We are grati
fied at the way America has subscribed for the
widows and orphans of the Boers. We want to
prevent the maklnjr of more widows and or
phans by dumdum bullets or otherwise.
'/Before you leave," said Mr. Van Wyck,
"I want to express to you my sincere "sor
row at the death of General Joubert. I
knew him when he visited this country
and he told me about the previous trou
ble. I hope you -will convey to his widow
my deep sorrow. Again,' I wish you god
speed. May yeu be successful in your
mission."
The members of the Municipal Assem
bly who were present were each in turn
introduced to the delegates. Then a group
of .women were introduced, and Mr.
Fischer said he relied on the women of
America to help along that sympathy for
the struggling Boers which was now so
sorely needed.
As the envoys left the City Hall they
were shaken by the hands by persons on
all sides. .
On making their reappearance the
crowd set up a cheer, and Mr. Fischer,
standing on the steps of the City Hall,
delivered a brief address. In which The said
the people of the Transvaal and the
Orange Free State were struggling for
their liberty and wanted the sympathy of
the people of America.
Then they were escorted to their car
riages. It took several minutes to extri
cate the carriages from the crowd •which
pressed around and shook hands with the
delegates.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. May
17. — What chance the Boer Commissioners had of being: received officially by
the President and Secretary Hay is lessening in consequence of their con
ducr in New York. American officials have been following with close inter
ort the Fts.temer.ts the delegates have made. It Is unusual, according to the
official: 1 , for diplomatic representatives of foreign Governments to come to the
United States and immediately upon arrival publicly announce the purport
cf th*ir mission before they obtain recognition, and some of the authorities
do not hesitate to call puch conduct hiphly improper. It is still the purpose
Of the State Department to receive the delegates as "distinguished strangers." ,
and after they have presented such papers as they may have the question of
their recognition as representatives of the Transvaal will be determined. It ,
is becoming apparent to the officials, however, that the mission of. the Com
missioners is more of a political than a diplomatic character, and whatever ¦
proposition they may make looking to the intervention of the United States
in South Africa, it Is altogether likely that the President will decline to act. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1300.
2
SPECIAL SALE OF
Ladies' Oxfords
and Children's Shoes
ONE WEEK ONLY.
LADIES* FINE RUSSET OXFORDS. LXV.
heels. Piccadilly toes, hand-turned soles. Reg-
ular price i*.Fi1?
SPECIAL, SALE PRICE 9U.15
?LADIES' CHOCOLATE TAN OXFORDS, lat-
est lasts, new toes, hand-turned soles. .Reg-
ular price *3.0«»
SPECIAL SALE PRICE #l.t)5
LADIES" BLACK KID OXFORDS, new to*».
latest lasts, hand-turned soles. Regular
rrice - tt.fr)
SPECIAL SALE PRICK $1.05
MISSES' OXBLOOD BCTTON SHOES, cloth
and kid tops: regular $3.00
SPECIAL SALE PRICE «5c
MISSES' TAN BUTTON SHOES (Laird. 8cho-
ber & Co., makers), -kid and cloth tops. Reg-
ular price $2.7.% ,
SPECIAL SALE PRICE JUS**;!
MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S OXFORDS. In
neat toes. Mack and tan goods; sizes $ to 2.
Regular price $1.75
SPECIAL SALE PRICE 85o
F-IIVE SHOES.
830-832-834 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
| No More Dread
| of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED JLN'D FILLED AB«
EOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our Ut»
scientific method applied to the nat. Nj
sleep-producing agents or cocaine.
Thes« are the only dental parlors in Ran
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply ?u|.t
J crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set ol
teeth S3. a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fllltru*. SI. Silver fall-
ings. 60c. All work don<» by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to :o years' experience, ani
each department In charge of a specialist. G! v.» i
os a call, and you will find us to do exact!?
I as we advertise. We will tell you la advance '
exactly what yoar work will cost by a FRCa
EXAMINATION.
f»u PLATES Ppv2x?!lflk
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. 8 to J: SUNDAYS. 13 to i.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
Pp|p^ W01ERFOL
RUPTURE" CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS "WORLD-RENOWNED;
"Magnetic ElaaUo Truss" Dr. Plerca gave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment ot Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers havo
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this g^eat appliance and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. ThU
Truss Is different from all others. It does Um
You can get our "BOOKLET So. I" by call-
In? at the office, or It will be sent on receipt oj
a 2-cent stains. It tells all about this Truss.
Address.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
6ZO Market Street (Opposite Palace* Botel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— Now York City.
Paiano Th« covered paas»»^-
i did L/C way connecting these
two Immense gtruc-
- tores places under
_ one management 1400
0 -n fl rooms. 900 of which
ClllU have baths attached.
,^^ _____ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
/1___ __ J of the world recognize
irrRnCl and appreciate th«
% * x ****** comforts and convenl-
' ences offered by these
hotels.
Uri^-rklc American plan. Eb-
llUlvlb ropean plan.
f ,'DB.PIERCES. 1
(GOLDEN
MEDICAL _ j
DISCOVERY
FOR THE I :
1 BLOOD.LIVER.LUNGS;
REYNOLD'S
fBLBS _Lli 6L9 I Few persons nee<t
• xH*' BM be confined by
Gout or Rheumatism, If on the firstapproadt
of the paroxysm they have recourse to this ren>
edy- then, a single dose is often sufficient.
K- VOl'UEBi A CO.. S«.3O S.William St.. V. V.
WSy
R ."PATENTSl ;j
market sr^sTSiy
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTABT PUBLIC ASH ATTOaNST-AT-LA^,
Teatn Floor, Room VHS, Claus Sprockets Biaz.
Telephone Brown *3L
Residence, 821 California sc, below PowtU.
Ean Frandico.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mails 1
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
r. g. UEBZBACH. lawyer. E03 Cal.. Clanls l>».
COAL. COKB AND PIO IROX
J. D WILSON & CO m Battery Street
j»v» nu^jvn a yv', Telephone foam 1S g^
\ COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BL.TTH. itgr.
CW SMITH S "»P Plumbing. Steamboat and
*f JJ f, JJI1U » Ship Work a specialty. M and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main SfrU.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS RftYFS Jt TO Shipping Butcher*. 1M
JA3» DUIC3 tt tv»ciay. TeL Main 1234.
PRINTINX
C **". "IJUIICJ. m Sansome st.. S. F.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
10 PARTRIDGE **%%%*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAU^^it^?^
SJv^^t COAI ' MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
m\Er. COLLIERIES. Is the Best Coal In tha ,
market Office and Yard3-«0 Main itrett. l
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PffBrnBtrBBBBEk T^lSiWPt^^ttha wBSwBSrrlB^^ !B^9i«y iflfffiP^r irBfiiBWni flMnKr*^
Sfe ELECTROZONE possesses greater
f curative qualities than, any remedy
EMray known to the civilized world to-day.
fJRjigTJBF The most obstinate cases of years' isSisl
j|^ standing that have baffled the skill of
3*5s the ablest physician and when all other f3§Pl
mB remedies failed, have been quickly and permanently cured HEgH
H by ELECTROZONE. It acts like magic in curing the anS
B ' severest cases of Wfxa
rgjgjfi * IS8B3
I Rheumatism, B
! Kidney and Bladder Ailments, ||
Stomach Troubles, §1
Female Complaints. §1
All Blood Diseases. M
No one need suffer that will give this remedy a fair trial. ' lw|
9 Thousands testify to the great curative qualities " of ELEC- K$l
n trozone. .-.....;.. ' Kg
a9> 1 At.DruffBleU" .> • '. /.Send, for.,' pamphlet to KSsi
¦HSR • U bottle. ' : ;y.Z'V2T:\ EL.ECTROZONE MFG.;cO. t San Frartclsco. B2oj
JMigjiaiiMJDeath of Jose Somvia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. May 57.— Jose Somvla.
•who came to this section of California
more than fifty years ago and was one
of the well-known citizens of this county,
died at his home near this place last
night at the age of 80 years. Shortly. be
fore his arrival here he was a lieutenant
Jn the Spanish army. He was the first
foreman on the great Temple ranch and
for many yearn was engaged In. cattle
raising. Many years ago he married Miss
jUmona Malarin. a Native P«n«;hter.
fcfce and two sons survive him.
Quick Action.
ST. I.OL-XS. Mo.. May 17.— A special to
the Post-Dispatch frrm Iscng View. Tex..
Fays: About midnight, while the through
pas-sfney train on ihe Texas and Pacific
was laXins water at ihe Glade Creek.
in ur here, an attoraj.it was made torob the
train, l-'ireman ll'obi^ was covered with
n pistol In the hands of a man who or
dered him to K<:t off the engine. Engineer
Jaqulsh opened wide the; throttle and
dropped to tho floor. The robbers were
unable to catch up with the train, but the
fireman caught the last car and all
reached here safeJy.
BRAVE ENGINEER
SAVES HIS TRAIN
Attempt cf Train Robbers to Hold-Up
the Texas Pacific Is Foiled by
JTASFflNGTOX. May 17.— The postofflce
appropriation bill was considered in the
Senate to-day. The committee amendment
for the extension of the pneumatic-tube
service created some debate and was un
der dltcuEFion when the measure was laid
aside for the day. Wolcott, chairman of
the Committee on Postofllces and Post
roads, vigorously attacked the commit
tee's proposition to appropriate STM.000 for
pneumatic tube sen-ice, c«*ciarln{r the ex
tension of the service was unnecessary
and the appropriation a waste of money.
Mason of Illinois quite as vigorously sup
ported the projiosition. An amendment of
jButier of North Carolina to reduce by Id
per cent the amount to be paid the rail
roads for the transportation of mail was
rejectcl, 11 to 41.
The House to-day passed a special river
and harbor bill carrying • J400.000 for sur
veys ar.d emerrtney work and devoted the
remainder cf the day to the Alaskan code
bill. Four of the 617 pases of the bill were
disposed of before adjournment.
Wolcott, Chairman of the Committee
oa Postoffloes, Vigorously Op
poses the Scheme.
SENATE DISCUSSES
PNEUMATIC SERVICE
Reform Bureau and the Women's
Christian Temperance Union
Keep Up Their Fight.
WASHINGTON. May 17.— The repcrt of
Secretary Hoot. General Corbin and other
arir.y officials on the army canteen, sent
to the Military Committee to-day, called
cut a reply which was filed with the Mili
tary Committee by Rev. Wilbur F. Crafts
of the Reform Bureau ar.U Mrs. Margaret
Dye Ellis legislative superintendent of
the Women's Christian Temperance Un
ion. It says in part:
The administration yesterday for the first
time carae out openly in favor of army liquor
f<-'.::r^e en its merits. Hitherto the plea has
b- en that the administration could not suppress
canteens because the law ot Congress was
ambiguous. Both Secretary Root and Prwl
der.t McKlnley recently said that it Congress
would epe&k. In plain terms they would enforce
the law. This attitude has now been aban
tfnr.fd and the Secretary of %Var, whose acts
er.d wcr<5* the ccurts declare are to be taken
as these cf the President, has con-.e out in open
advocacy of liquor eelllr.g canteens. Secretary
Boot, apparently oblivious of the new aritl-can
teen deveiopir.ents In the British a.nd French
i. . :. .•-*-. *-a . : >'-*-*¦-! tn &n cfncl&l cononsunl
catlcn to Concress:
"I think the enactment of this bill would be
Injurious to the temperance, morals and disci
pline of the enlisted men of the army."
GeneraJ Ccrbin. In declaring that prohibition
ra.nnpt be made effective In the army, forgets
the success of rallro&ds In securing abstinence,
end his reference to the benefits of canteens in
I Manila is particularly unfortunate for his case.
In view of the conclusive testimony as to the
unparalleled drunkenness and insanity of our
soldiers there.
We axe charitably seeking some creditable
excuse for General Corbin's statement that
professlcntl temperance reformers and asgres
«lv« saloon influence are working together to
suppress the canteens In the face of the fact
that the liquor papers have unanimously op
poeed the actl-c&nteen law.
¦WASHINGTON, May 17.— The Indus
trial Commission to-day made a prelimi
nary report to Congress on the subject of
transportation. The commission states
that "owing to the Incompleteness of its
Inquiry the commission is not prepared at ,
present to make recommendations to Con
press or to tue State Legislatures, but
contemplates the making of such recom
mendations hereafter."
The report made to-day covers 831 pages
of printed matter, the larger part of
•which is the testimony that has been
token on the subject of transportation.
In a review of the evidence, the commis
sion saye:
Willie detailed and «p*clfle statement* as to
th« con(JKJoa« of labor and traffic have not
BSB&U7 been sought many general statement*
. i to tfce»« conditions have been obtained, and
although there Is, of course, not a little t\t
teifnc* of opinion, conclusions as to facts
err.«rre with clearness from the testimony.
.Natura-Uy there in even greater difference of
judgment as to r.e«4ed explanation, but here
again It Is pos«lbl« to eather sorr.e fair con-
CitHrtnni concerning the preponderance of opin
ion among these most Interested to some of
the Important matters now before the p*opl«-
On the question of discriminations be
tween individuals, the report says the
general consensus of opinion among wlt
r.esses is that the railways still make
them and uerhapsr- to as great an extern.
sis ever before.
They also say that the evidence is dear
thai the great terminal elevators In Chi
cago and to a less extent in other grain
markets are owned by comparatively few
persons; that the owners of the public
elevators also control great private ele
vators; that they themselves buy a large
proportion of the grain which comes Into
public elevators, and that the business of
handling grain on commission has been
very greajly reduced by this practice. It
&lbo is claimed that these men bwn most
cf the country elevators. The commission
concludes on this point:
In view cf the quite general acknowledgment
arr.ong railway m«n that discrimination In
fuv-r cf large th:;pers Is etlll conspicuous,
I. '.ere see:n* to be a considerable probability
VbMX the claim that ffcese large elevators re
ceive favcrt from the railways la one way or
another -.-* s .-.« basis.
On the question of grain rates and flour
shipments it ia stated that tho evidence
eeerr.s conclusive that the effort of dis
crimination has already been disastrous
to our milling Interests, and that proba
bly tven with the difference in rates re
duced as already shown it will continue
to be injurious.
Other questions discussed are: Discrim
ination between places, pooling, freight
classification, railway consolidation and
capitalization. Government ownership,
taxes, wages, labor organizations, etc.
The conclusion is reached with reference
to the powers of the Interstate Commerce
Commission that they are more limited
than was intended by the framers of the
interstate commerce law.
- — . — ,
Evidence Sho-ws That Discrimination
Has Already Had a Disastrous
Effect on Milling In
terests.
The Industrial Commission
Makes a Preliminary
Report.
FAVORS GIVEN
LARGE SHIPPERS
BY RAILWAYS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. FRIDAY; MAY 18, 1900.
3
ATTACK ROOT ON THE
ARMY CANTEEN QUESTION
/flraasffi\ J^^M^^^: Tif 1^ as a^ wa lf s oeen said that ours is the store for the man to buy his clothes, (WO at%\
( J^PP ) Mw*^Wr v III w h° wants his money to go as far as possible. Since you are assured of L^ j&xz/f
W*?§py 111*'^^ -*T sUfl values at all times at our store, think of what opportunities there are for Fx/S&pi
|^W^f| §^|Qj§S% wt m - m y° u during our special sales on Friday and Saturday of each week. On t
sj&;?^""~*i||\ these days we actually give yoiv the reductions that we say we do. Follow-
l i>^s!i yjMh J%$£ % in £ V 010 will find the items for to-day and to-morrow: K^^^i
P®^ Mt\ iWi IKllS f llllK 3 OR the last three weeks we have had special sales of J#™[
WOOD /;" IL 1 ¦' ' i.'& ! !i? mu\l'i 1 ! l-VS \iw I Hi III 1 ik &^*SP i •. r tf>-7 4C <pn nd j <p~7 oc tu -.. 3 WOODJ
y^ggffi /fi'Mi iMill'litfi I S \\ $J$ sac^ sult sfor $7.45, $7.75 and $7.25. These suits 'j^sjstf
S#i /PI ft iff I i I il M \ constituted different lots. Some were blue and jl|M
fll^t M$>M\ ¦I|M I ! ji ipil'al UvV black cheviots, others were fancy cheviots in checks and
/iii^\ /illiwlili I i'llirai^l m mixtures - They came in heavy, medium and summer /^ggm
I jj |S|ij/jk| ' ij Bl JuJa weights; there were also black clay worsteds, gray cassi- (wood)
irin^^®' r !' illrait^JlPii meres and fancy mixed tweeds; and likewise some brown,
T0^}/ \ri^ i^wl-! ; I 'I 1^ ' If ir gray and French gray cheviots in stripes, checks and her- i/w^J/
\iSsk .R?mIi 1 1 J Dil fi^^^^i Ji i W^ rin §- bones ; two st Y les > sin § le and double breasted. (^§§1
(wf^j ter ea °h one of these sales we found a number of fwooch
MiiF liJPil \ iill nil l«Ji suits ' e tt so we have taken all that remain and will sell mjgw
P^?l wffiif ilii 111 MH them °^ Friday and Saturday only for ' PltyfK
y£^§§& ll^li '¦¦'!'!/ 1 ftll^lli II They are good all-wGol suits, suitable for business or everyday wear. The y^SS^,
i^^i P i I 1 'i / \illliM $ values are and $12.50— those were the actual prices for which they sold previous /ffiftaigm
w3.5B/ lISl i i" I il 1 Irll'l 8 t0 our s P ec^ a^ s^ es - The sizes are broken in some of the patterns, but the suits as a I WOOD]
/^ISPP? iv'sSil l\'{t \l tSPh' 1 whole comprise all sizes. Money returned in every instance where the customer is p&~i&f
fwooBl pi I 111 '111 (^^^
W^^^l Bl^W • illrl I /ii^^ 1^^^ several people could not take advantage of our special sale last week i^^^^l
W^tiJ) m I'M IllS'l llaSSl I V^^^> we effer the same values for to-day and to-morrow, namely $3.00 and $3.50 fJ^f(vJ)
a*^lU^l feS il 'vilii! HiiSli 1 vq^S^f pants of Scotch tweed ia brown, gray and a shade of blue for £^/a4^i
J^SiiS "^^^^^M I'li/ fiii'l ; The pants are made of strong, heavy, good-wearing material and are an actual 5|g|gjjgg
(WgQDj . ' , BIR OTHERS, school will be out soon. Now is the (WOOD]
l^^^^ i^SiyA time and the opportunity to get the boy some . F&Z^E^i
1 s-JT&T^I jL a nlilll sive suits, simply suits of rough material for ¦ i^^^^\ Wi^«
p^B^l @^ ? ©JCICCIGS him to romp and play in. ' V$t >^^^
fwOQDj !| n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 ! 1 1 ! I 1 J this season's goods. As a —^^Si^^^^^T 2 I^^^^^^^^M^^-^^^k ( WOOD |
1 \ T -. '..,. ,,,— J I riiO hai. IOr JJ5I.?O IS nOt a A C tham \ir\W Ka n errant . I \ ?&C^VeH^^^^H l»» VvU!
I , > J . . « , . *»»> uicic win ue a great •* 1 * UiAJjFc-- ? ¦Sffk^^S xxjanmaj^ir)
.V^^wl A two days special, but is ri Pmfl nH fnr thPti«th«.Mriv ;<-£Hg&~£- :: . T^m^K W^z&i
)S?S^J n nn vili^ whirh we offer aemand r ?,^ the n , es \ he earl J V Out-of-town orders for any of the above filled if letter bears ff^^P^a • V^^^il
f££^(iffl at all times for comers win get the De^t pat- postmark of Friday or Saturday. fe-WpIl!? (r^fliwi
Ik jfoF**£S I l^^^^^^^^^^^^.^fl I
¦^ Border copyrlrht applied for. S. N. WOOD A CO ¦¦ '¦¦'£/" '. ": ' V *PALLIUM CONFERRED ON
ARCHBISHOP CHRISTIE
PORTLAND, May. 17.— The ceremony of
conferring the pallium upon the Right
'Rev. Chrl6tie, Arrhblshop' of Oregon.; was
periormed this morning at St. Mary's Ca
thedral. .
High mass was celebrated by Monsignor
Martinelli, pap.il delegate to the United
State*, who came to Oregon for the pur
pose of conducting the ceremony. The
sermon was delivered by Right Rev.
O'Pea, Bishop of Nesqually.
to Close the Football
The grammar school baseball tourna
ment is noarinp the enrl. the final com
petitors having twen dpridpd upon.- Thoy
nro tho teams from the Mission Grammar
and the Crocker Grammar. Bach has
played nine games and each has lost but
one. The game will prohably come oft
next Monday.
In the football tournament the Hancock
tenra will play the Clement team for the
W'HI trouphy." The players are stalwart
lads, and as the halves will he limited 10
fifteen minutes the play will be very fast.
The rating of the teams in the baseball
tournament is as follows:
The result* of yesterday s games were:
Crocker defeated James Lick; score. 14—0. ,
Franklir. defeated John Swett: score, h — 4.
H«m!ltnn defeated Hearst: score. S — G.
Hamilton def fated Lincoln; score. 4 — 3.
Horace Mann defeated Paclflc Heights.,* score,
Mlsplon defeated James Lick; score, 9 — 0.
Mission vs. Crocker to "Wind Up Base
ball and Clement vs. Hancock
END OF THE GRAMMAR
SCHOOL TOURNAMENTS
- P1TTSBURO, May I7.i-Ch«»bro. lwt th« game
in the flret inning by. lettlnjt in three runs on
three hits, a wild pitch , and a ¦ base on balls.
Waddell kept the Phliadelphlas guessing for
Clubs— W. L. Tct. I Clubs— W\ L. Pet.
Phlladslphta.15 .6 .'HiClnclnnatl ..9.12 .429
Brooklyn ....15 8 , .652 j St. Louis..... 9 .11 " .450
Piltsburg ...13 10 .665 New York S 14 .300
Chicago U 10 .665|Bo*ton ......6 :i4 .263
tho Game.
STANDING} OF' THE • CLUBS
Excellent Work of the Infield Wins
BROOKLYN PLAYS WELL.
COLON. Colombia, via Galveston.Texa*,
May 17. — Further details received here of
the victory by the Government troops over
the Insurgents In the battle in the Vetas
district, which 'began May 11 and lasted
seventy hours, are to the effect that Gen
erals Leal and Herrera were among the
killed, who are said to have been very
numerous, the slaughter being described
as "horrible butchery." Twelve hundred
insurgents were taken prisoners and the
Government troops captured a large
quantity of guns and riliea.
Federal Troops.
Colombian Revolutionists Lose Very
Heavily at the Hands of the
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 17.— News
brought by tho steamer Aorangi from
Sydney states that the town of Mullaley,
225 miles from Sydney, has been wrecked
by a cyclone and is completely demol
ished. Those buildings which were not
entirely destroyed were unroofed and
shattered. Although only one man was
killed a score or more were more or less
injured by falling walls nnd trees. ' A
large number of horses, cattle aud sheep
were killed, being buried in the ruins of
collapsed barns.
REBEL GENERALS LEAL AND
HERRERA REPORTED KILLED
but One Life Was Lost.
Mullaley, Not Far From Sydney, Is
Completely Wrecked Though
TOWN IS -ENTIRELY
DESTROYED BY CYCLONE
FEATTLE. May 17.— A special to the
Time* from Kverett, Wash., says: K. C.
Morrison shot and killed his brother, M.
B. Morrison, at his home, two miles east
of Edmonds. Wednesday.
The trouble grew out of a game of
cards. The men began a pistol duel at a
hundred fc-et. Eight Phots were fired and
«nly one took effect. The murderer is un
<5cr arre?L
Quarrel Over a Game of Cards Results
in the Killing of M. B. Mor-
Man of Oakland.
NKW YORK, Mav 17.— The marriage of
Miss Wilhelmina Havfmeyer. daughter of
2>Ir. and Mrs. William A. Havemeyer, to
Andrew L. Stone of Oakland, Cal\. was
polemnized at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
The ceremony was performed at River-
Fide by Rev. James Spencer of North
Broekfield, luM£ ar.d Itev. George Davis
Adams in St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
The bride wap attencied by Mtes Mary
McE«vn of Chicago and James McKeeh
of San FranciRco served as l>est man.
Amon? the gucstf from a distance who
¦were present, were George Wheaton of
San Francisco, H. K. Havemeyer of New
York and Albert Brayton of Oakland.
Cal. Over iinO gi'ests were present-
Immediately after the ceremony a re
ception was he'd at Fairlawn. tlie home
of the bride's parents.
Mr. arid Mrs. Stone will sail for Europe
on -May 27. and will reside in Oakland,
Cal.. on thrlr return.
BROTHERS FIGHT TO THE
DEATH WITH PISTOLS
Daughter of the Sugar King Becomes
the Bride of Prominent Young
MISS HAVEMEYER IS
WEDDED TO A. L STONE
MfNCIE, Ind.. May 17.— One of the
Government detectives who has b*»en
•working th» Muncle end of the Cuban
postal crrbfzzlement <-a*es made the
etatoment to-day that the r^ai Fteal had !
b»-<*n the »=a!e of f>ountPrf«*it stamps. :
•which, it is alleged, have »>een printed in
the office of a printing company in this
city. Thousands of dpllars' worth of ho- !
pus stamps are paid to have been issued ¦
and distributed to Cuban Postmaslorn. a j
number of whom, it is alleged, shared !n .
the profltp with the chief culprits. Th*>
printing off.c? is said to have fre*>r\ search- :
«d from garret to cellar for the material j
used. Heretofore the search here was i
surposed »o be for an alleged package of I
znoney. It is assorted that almost I2.U00.- 1
<KV» worth of boRTis stamp}" have been ]
printed in Monde and sent for distrlbu- |
tion to Cuban postofflces. The syst<'m
v.*a.= to Qlstrlbote these stamps in "num
bers that would not cause FUFpirion to of
ficers who furnished th«> regular consign
ments. %Vhen Ross Cowan, pr^sid^nt of
the Neeley 1'riritirig' Company, was told
this Ftcry thl? afternoon he did not seem
¦csjH-cially Ooacerned. but paid:
•*Ycu may Fay that if th«=-re is any story
cr.oat that the Nwley Printing Company
ever turned out Cuban Ptamps, for |
the postal or any oth^r service, it is false.
"\Yt have- neithc-r printed stamps lesitl
ffiatcly nor illrfiitimately. The Govern
mem contract work that we have we
have not denied. It has bf-en most In the
form of printed blanks. This work has i
been conducted for the past eighteen '
irifinths, since Neeley took the oftice. and
my books will show that it has not ex
ceeded 510,000. while the printed Ftorlei"
are that it will reach $»)/i0ii. Do you rup
rose that the Government officials who
Ji3 ve overhauled my plac«* since the day
of the arrest of Neeley would not have
found some evidence if the gigantic stamp
factory you sp*-ak of were here?"
The Ingleside Park management Is pre
paring for coursing to-morrow, notwith
standing the unsettled condition of af
fairs. The sport will commence to-mor
row at 12:30 p. m. and on Sunday at 11
o'clock. The stake Is an eighty-dog one.
the draw resulting as follows:
A. Vandprtburfc'a Nsuphty Girl vs. Al Aus
tin'* Firm F"*; J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser vs.
I» Tolan<l"s Pleasant Girt: L>. K. «"artrr - p V>t
ti* C vs I>and<» & GtIxt's Ricnzi; Connell
Pro*/ Minimi* Pleasant vs. Kelly & H»nleys
¦Baby King: H. A. D«"ckp'.marTf. lion Klrby vp.
J. McEnroe's Admiral Pamppnn: J. I. O'Brien'g
Wandering Tom vs. J. I. O'Hrien's Statesman;
H A IJeckelman'P Snapshot vs. Pterl &
Knowlfs' Busty GoM; Connell Bros.' Clover
vs. H. A. DcJkelman's Rocket; Kay Uros=.*
Hawker ve. E. Bennett"* R»y D*>1; W. Cairn'*
Imperial v*. J. Holden'p Pottieh Chief; J. Ca
vm.'-v's Juliet vs. J. Piokson's Iilack Ress; W«i
H Shear's Alaru» vu. I/iwc & Thompson's Lit
tle Ful!«»rton: I». K. Carter's IllRh Jinks vs.
M Mlohlllki'p T>rrona: Russeli; Allen & "Wll-
Bon'a Master ciair vs. H. A. Peckflman's Ka
naka: J. Perry's CommoOors Nash vs. F. Mo-
ComrTe Sir Pasha: Pterl A- Knowles" Olita vs=.
R Ftrehl's Three Cheers: R. U Taylors UoH
v*. J. Byrnes' Battleship: ft. \V. Hetntz's Her
yrheU'F )*r!<le-' vs.. H. A. Deckelman's Glen
Chloe: M. Michlliki's Terronlte vs. D. Shannon's
Ptrand nf Gold: Jiartels Bro5.'I?oiiler's Ilest va.
K. I). Fallon's Lily of the "West; J. Duffy's
Babe Sheridan vf. P. Brophy'n Henicla Hoy;
f. Passon'B Kitty Sc-ott vs. K. Handy's I>ady
Hutro: I-ano> * G?rber'» Mount Ida vs. J. Mc-
Neil's Blackhawk; Sterl & Knowles' Rljiple VB .
W. Hoag's I^ady Nortiorne; F. Mack's 1'ella
M vs. Sterl & KniwlPs' Amarosa; P. Joiner's
Kver Pure vs. \V. Cairn's <i!a<lys Weller:
O'i^hea Uros.' Golden Rule vs. A. Johnson's
taowitnder: Herripan & WleKarwl'R Overture
vs. F. McComb's Ptorm King: Bartels* Bros."
Ballroom B^lle vs. P. Joiner's Wine Wept: J.
H. W. Muller's Moonstone vs. W. Stark's Thun
; <5erb<:>lt; I^anrte Ar Gerber's Conconl vs. O'Shea
Bro*.' Mercy May: J. Rock's Minerva vm.
1/ivo & Thompson's ' Bagplne; M. J. Kelly'p
Klfiht Time vs. I/iwe & Thompson's Klnp's
Borderer: 1'onnell Bros.' Pt. Helen vs. Farley
Bros.' Morse Patrol: J. Byrne." s Nellie b. vs.
G. \V\ Helntz's Coquet: Kay Bros.' Crosspatoh
vs. J. Caveney's Sissy M: Russell. Allen 4 \\~\1
son'» B*lle Clalr vs. IJ. Tolnn<1"s Twilight Jr. :
A. Johnson's Tod Ploan vp. J. Byrne's Olympus;
I> Shannon's Safeguard vs. I. H. Frank's Glen
Anne; F. M^'omb's LIttJe Pister vs. Russell,"
j Allen &. Wil«on'B Palm Flower.
SANTA CRUZ. May 17.— This morning
A. P. Hiil, a San Jo.«c photographer who
loft Boulder Crook last night with a party
of ten others to explore the Hlg Basin and
secure data for the Government, failed
to return. Thr<»e searching parties started
out to look for him shortly after ho was
reported missing, but returned to-night
unf^ble to locate him. The search' will be
continued to-morrow morning.
Andrew P. Hill is one of the best-known
landscape painters and photographers on
the Pacific Coast, and evidences of his
handiwork with brush and camera adorn
the walls of many public institutions and
private residences in this city. For many
years he has been in business in San Jose,
where ho resides with his wife und two
fonp. ills services have been in demand
by the Government, as well as scientific
institutions. He is a Californlan and' was
educated at Santa Clara College.
Few men are better known in the Gar
den City than "Andy" Hill, as his old
friends call him. If serious mishap has
befallen the popular photographer his loss
will be keenly lei t in hi.s home city.
suit cf Counterfeit Work
BOGUS CUBAN STAMPS
EXTENSIVELY CIRCULATED
Statement That the Real Stealings in
the Havana Case Were the Ee-
placed horses. The latter, on Mr. Duke's
(lalveston. finished third in the Tuesday
M elter handicap.
Sir Fretful won a selling plate race and
was subsequently sold by auction to Fox
hall Keene. It is presumed that Mr.
Keene purchased Sir Fretful to lead hi3
chestnut colt Disguise II in tho hitter's
finishing gallops for the Derby.
Will Continue Coursing.
Sloan Twice in Front.,
' LONDONV May 17.— At ! Newmarket * to-,
day Sloan, the American Jockey, won; the
last* race of the meeting, the Flying handi
cap, on ] Zanonl.' '. Previously he also took*
tho Breeders' stakes on the Dunover colt
The Reiff brothers and Rigby also rod©
Slow Track at Chicago. . .
CHICAGO, May 17.-Weather cloudy;
track slow at' Lakeside. Results:
• Five furlongs,' Denlzula won. Kid Cox second,
Robert Waddell third. Time, 1:03.
One mile. Meddler won, Rollins second, Ray
H third.* Time, 1:43%.
Seven furlongs, Cheesestraw II won, Louis
ville second,'.- FMer-Youlln third. Time,. 1:30^.
• Mile and an eighth, Molo won. Boney Boy
second, Topmaet third. . Time. l:5o%. .
Four and a half furlongp. Mips Daniels won,
Gibson Girl second. Fridolln third. Time, :37.
Five and a half furlongs. Munlon won. Saa
Mateo second,- Braw. Lad third. Time, l:0S.
At Morris Park.
NEW YORK, "May 17.— It wag raining
at Morris Park to-day and the track was
deep In mud. In consequence of the mist
in the second race down the Eclipse
course no time could be taken. But one
favorite. Withers, was first .-past the
judges. Results:
Six furlongs, selllm?. Exit won. Sparrow Wins
second. Buffoon third. Time. 1:16.
Five furlontcs. Billionaire won. Maxlmus sec
ond, Fleetwlng third. Time not taken.
Vannert stake, six and a half furlonga. Bell-
Ing Native won. Jlesper second, King Bramble
third. Time. 1:21%.
One mile. Withers won, Radrord second, Fe
truchlo third. Time, 1:44.'
The Claremont hlRhwelght handicap, six and
a half furlongs, Belle of I/exlngton won. King
Barleycorn second, Meehanus third. Time,
1*22 Va
Mile and an eighth, ' Raffaelo won, Maximo
Gomez second, Krlaa Kringle third. Time,
l:57»i. '!¦
Battle Royal.
LOUISVII,L.E. Ky., May 17.— Though
there were five starters in the mile handi
cap, the race dwindled down in the end
to a tierce duel between Tom McDowell's
three-year-old colt Ills Excellency, and
the great handicap horse Batten, the four
year-old recently sold by Mr. McDowell
for $10,000 to Millionaire S. S. Brown of
Ptttsbunj. At the weights the two.seemed
matched on even terms, and at the finish
they were nfihtitifir it out fbr a sixteenth
of a mile nose and nose. His Excellency
received a great cheer from the excited
spectators as he eot his nostrils in front
and beat Batten in the last jump. Batten
was never better than 1 to 2 in the betting,
while from 2 to 2& to 1 could always be
had against: His Excellency.; -The time ¦
whs 1:40 flat, and. all things considered,
it was a Kr.flit race for the first two. ( His
Eminence, at even money, and I«launt, at
1 to 6, were the only winning favorlto
to-day. Results;
Six furlong, selllnp. Crinkle won. Brightle S
second, Acushla third. Time, 1:14%. •
Seven furlonga. Flaunt won. The Lady in
Blue second.. Lakn Tonso third, rime. l^'^J-
One mile, handicap, HI? Excellency won, Bat
ten second. Compensation third. Time, 1:40.
One rntle. BelllnK, Possum won. Aureole eeo
ond. Plantain third. Time, 1:42U.
Six furlongs. solllnK. Lennep won, Isablnda
second, Gibraltar third. Time, l:14V4. : .:
the balance of the game. Piatt was hit hard,
but at wrong times. Attendance, 4.)00. Score:
Clubs- H. H E
Plttf4)ure 3 11 i
Philadelphia 4 6 1
Batteries— Cherhro. AVaddell and Schrtver:
Fiatt and McFarland. Umpire. Hurst.
CINCINNATI. May 17.— With two out in the
firnt lnninjr, Brooklyn scored four runs to-day
en two bays on balls, a triple and a double.
Xfter that Hahn was Invincible. Klts.in was
hit hard all through the came, but the marvel
ous work of the visitors' lnn>Ul cut down
many hits and stopped the locals from scor
ing. . Attendance, 900. Score:
Club*- R- H. V.
Cincinnati f 1" -
Brooklvn 4 b u
Uatteries-Hahn and Peltz: Kitson and JIc-
Gulre. Umpire, Emstie.
ST. LOUIS. May 17.— No ball game was played
to-day because of rain.
CHICAGO, May 17.— The Boston-Chicago
game was postponed because of wet grounds.
American Association Games.
rLFA'ELAND, May 17.— Cleveland 14. Minne
aj>oli9 0.
BUFFALO, May 17.— Buffalo 3. Milwaukee 6.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 17.— Indlnnai.oU8 5,
Kansas City 0.
Baseball at Vallejo.
VAL.L.EJO. May 17.— The Koenips of San
Francisco will try conclusions again with
the Vallejos next Sunday, being a return
game. When the clubs last met the Koe
nigs defeated the Vallejos by a score of
8 to 3. The Vallejcs are a strong team
and thoroughly up to their work, and a
close game is looked for by the fans of
both cities.
FRIEND S FEAR
HE HAS PERISHED
IN BIG BASIN
Andrew P. Hill, a San Jose
'Photographer, Reported
Missing.
Three Searching Parties Spent the
Day Scouring the Country but
Failed to Find Any Trace .
of Him.
WASHINGTON. May 17.— In- the Senate'
to-day Jones of Arkansas offered and had
adopted a resolution calllns on- the Secre
tary of War to Inform the Senate how
many Filipinos have been killed and
wounded since the beRinnine of hostilities;
and also how many have been captured,
and are now in our possession.
Doctor Hensley Indicted.
Special -Dispatch to The Call.
MUSKOGEE. I. T.. May 17.— The Grand
Jury which has been in session for ten
days has returned thirty Indictments for
larceny, elRht for murder and twelve for
grand "larceny. Dr. Hensley. one\of the,
Territory's most prominent citizens, was
indicted for murder.
As to Slain Filipinos.
VANCOUVER. B. C. May 17.— From
Australia cornea the news that the Ant
arctic steamer Southern Cross haareached
Tasmania cm her return fron>.the Antarc
tic exploring expedition. All on board
were In good health on their return and
Kxplorer Borchgrevlnck. who Is at. the
head of the expedition, promised to pub
lish upon hla arrival at Sydney an aacount
of his discoveries, which wocld astonish
the scientific world. He refused at Tas
mania to give details of the, expedition,
but stated that It had been highly suc
cessful.
Steamer Southern Cross "With, Bor
chgrevinck on Board Returns
From Antarctic Regions. .
EXPLORER PROMISES
TO STARTLE THE WORLD
POSTMASTER
CONSPIRED TO
SHIELD NEELEY
Principal Charge Against
the Head of the Havana
Postoffice.
Admits That He Received Voucher*
and Ordered Changes Made in
the Books, but Says H» Did
So Unknowingly.
California- Bred Colt Captures the Classic Inaugural
Handicap in Splendid Style at the St.
FIRM FOE BEAT
ST. ANTHONY IN
CLEVER FASHION
Captured the Midweek Stake
at Ingleside Through
Brilliant Work.
The Hesults
Chief of Police Sullivan Again En
joined From Interfering With
the Local Coursing Park.
AUSTRALIAN
UNION RECEIVES
HEAVY BLOW
Premiers Refuse to Accejp
Amendments to Common-*
wealth's Bill.
Means the Defeat of the Object forjj
Which the Imperial Federation- I
ists Have Been Striving
So IiOng. f.
• :
VICTORIA, B. C. May 17.— On April V2,
two days before the steamer Aorangt
sailed, a conference of tr»a Premiers of the
Australian colonies wavs held at a »f«
bourne to discuss the amendments tojtne
"commonwealths bill," which has fori it*
object the federation of tlhe colonies, toro
posed by Hon. Joseph Onamberlain. Im
perial Secretary for the
result of the conference teis a ™xv> 'blow
to the cause of Australian, union, for ahree
cut of five Premiers present refused to
accept the amendments azvu wouia noi
allow of any alteration to Jthe measure.
This action tends to defeat the union
for which the Imperial Fed«rati< nists
have been striving so long. The Preuilers
throw the blame for the defeat tjf tht,
project upon the Imperial. Government.
The principal amendment suggested by
Chamberlain is to the clause In tbw bill
which restricts the right of appeal *« the
Privy Council of Britain. The Impe™^
Government strongly objects to tms
clause, and tho majority of the Australian
Premiers wish the rights of .appeal re_
stricted and the decisions of thv Supreme
Court of United Australia madevtfie
of last resort.
SIDE ENTRANCES
WILL BE CLOSED
BY THE POLICE
Saloon Men Are in Danger
of Forfeiting Their
Licenses.
"Side rooms to saloons must go. I am
bitterly opposed to them.and- intend to do
all In my power to suppress the ever
growing evil. Scarcely a day passes that
some Innocent girl Is not lured to these" 1
dens of iniquity and forced to drink even
against her will. I have determined t >
stop It. even at the cost of closing every
saloon In the city that maintains side en
trances," said Chief Sullivan last night.
He Is determined to prevent women
from entering the side rooms of saloons.
They may go In the front entrance and
take a drink, but cannot enter a aldfl
room, even If they are accompanied by
male escorts.
The Police Commissioners at their meet-
Ing last Tuesday night discussed the sub
ject at length end decided not to Isauo
a license to any saloon keeper who al
lowed women to enter the place.
"The Commissioners arc serious about
this matter." remarked the Chief last
night. "I have their sanction to go ahead
' and close up saloons that have side en
trances and I have determined to. do ?«».
A short time ago <'aptain Splllane and I
visited the saloons south of Market street
j and found a number of flagrant violation*
| of the ordinance relative to women beinj;
in saloons. In sever.il we found women.
, some Intoxicated, standing against the sa
loon bars accompanied by men and seek
ing more drinks. I Instructed Captain
Splllane to notify the proprietors not to
allow any women in their saloons, and I
think they have rigidly obeyed hla in
structions. If a woman wants a drink in
the future I Intend that sli»> shall go in
the front entrance of a saloon, just as
a male patron would, and after drinking
what she ordered at once -leave the
place." •
In defense of their action the Commis
sioners cite the ordinance passed in 1^03
which reads «a follows: "No person en
paged In selling spirituous, malt or fer
mented liquors in quantities less than one
quart in any bar-room or saloon shall sell
any liquor In any *td* room, back room or
upper room, excepting only open alcovea
or booths; or shall lease or malntafn any
private or separate entrance for any par
¦ ticular class of customers, or display
words or signs upon an entrance signify
ing that such entrance is for ladles or
families or for any particular persons or
Is a private entrance to any saloon or
barroom."
Under the above ordinance Chief Sulll
' van is satisfied that he has the power to
close every side entrance to saloons. •?!•*
has already Instructed the officers to this
effect, with Instructions to report to him
the names of saloon keepers who havo
, side entrances to their places of business
' As soon as they appear before the Police
Commissioners for a renewal of their li
1 censes they will be promptly turned down
Rather than forfeit their licenses the
, Chief believes that in a short time Saa
I Francisco will be free from side entrances
to saloons.
Chief Sullivan Decides That Women
Who Want to Drink Will Not
B« Allowed Any Special
Privilege.
YELLOW TAIL WINS
ALL THE WAY ROUND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1000.
nson
HAVANA. May 17.-T.he principal ;
charg-e against Postmaster E. P. Thomp
son, who with M*. H." Reeves, deputy au- ]
ditor of the Island, and Edward Moya and i
Jcrge Mascaro. Cuban clerks in the stamp \
ccpartmcrt. was arrested yesterday, will j
he that he entered Into a conspiracy with |
Corydon Rich to shield C. F. \V. Neelry. j
the arrested financial agent of posts. I
Rich is the clerk who has confessed and |
will testify for the Government. The
prosecution Fays Thompson received !
vouchers ar.d ordered that the changes ;
le made in the books and accounts with
the intention of shielding Neeley.
Moya and Mascara admit selling over j
SltOO worth of en old Issue of stamps :
througn ihe windows v.iiich were not j
ca'iied for in the requisition.
Thompson says that thoujrh he ordered ;
the alteration of certain figures at the re- 1
quest cf Rich, still he did so without ;
knowing that they wore of a criminal na- j
ture. He thinks that he might have been j
treated with more consideration — either j
c:sttii6?e<1 or requested to resign.
Thompson's bail was reduced from $10,-
WO to flOUO. which was deposited in cash
by the Danish Consul. Herr Culmet. a
wealthy merchant.
The ball oi Slayo and Masraro has be^n !
reduced to ?15(W, which has not been fur- ;
r.iaried. Reeves wiM be allowed to remain j
r: his home in charge of special agents, j
l'-ring the invepfipntions now in progress |
h-^ will be called upon daily to give evi
ti'nce. and it is al.=q felt that bail r«>- I
Qiflrtd of him will be n^crssarily heavy i
tr.d probably would not be obtainable.
It is reported hore that rfeetey has ad
mitted that his 1 all deposit was his own
mcacy, an6 a request will be made for
tr.e seizure *>f Oiar amour.t as belonging
to the Postal Deportment should it K* 1
proved that the lunds raw out of his
pocket. It is also felt that under the oir- j
curnstances his bail is exceedingly light, j
Altboustl he was tirst charge<3 writh ptcu- ]
Intions to the amount of $»n.<i"io. it is now J
believed that he obtained the larger part '
Cf the SltWAKJO which is said to cover the!
defalcation. The special agent who is '
rr.iiking LnQOlrtai at Baracoa reports that
the Postmaster thr-re has been acting: as
V'-JSlnr-ss represent a ti\ o of NVpIpv and has \
received from him during the last few j
months ?12.0<K) for a cocoanut grove and |
c^Zee plantation. No suspicion rests I
tipnn the Baracoa Postmaster. ,
Messrs. Smith and Fopner. the inspec- !
tTt who arrived yesterday, have been ex- ;
arr.ining Mr. Ruthbone. This afternoon |
they were in conference with General j
Wocd for mor? than an hour and then j
vent to Reeves. They decline to furnish \
any Information whatever as to the result j
cf thv'r inouiry-
NEW rOHK, May IT.— Tlie examination |
of the charges against C F. W, Neeley. !
fcccused of «-nibczzling $26. i ;»(K) of the Cu
ban postal funds, which was set down for
to-day, has been postponed for one week '
by ITnited States Commissioner Shields, j
The postponement was agreed upon bv !
United States District Attorney Burnett
and Mr. Lindsay, counsel foj Neeley.
The removal of Keetev to Cuba will first
be fought o^i the requisition proceedings
to be held before Governor Roosevelt in
Albany this evening.
Yellow Tail, Winner of the Inaugural Handicap,
ST. LOUIS, May 17.-The St. Louis
Fair Association inaugurated its an
nual spring 1 and summer meeting to
day under very favorable auspices.
The day was an Ideal one for the
sport, hut the track was four or five sec
onds slow, owins to the rains of the nipht
before. In consequence poor time was the
ruie. A biR crowd was present," notwith
standing the poor transportation facilities
to the fair grounds, the condition of af
fairs being caused by the street cat
strike.
Klffhteen bookmakers cut in and did a
rushing buslnepp. The only classic event
on th^ card— the Inaugural handicap
brought out a field of six only fair class
horses. Yellow Tail, the California-bred
colt, was the only hiph class animal In
the bunch, and on account of his good
performances on the Pacific Coast was
made premier choice at 8 to 5. Yellow Tail
showed his class by winning all the way.
Nandora was hopelessly beaten at the
quarter, but the balance of the field re
mained bunched behind the California
colt all the way to the wire. At the last
furlonff pole Matthews hrou&ht Thrive
out of the bunch with a rush and made a
game bid for the lead, but he could not
overtaJve the fiyinp leader. Yellow Tail
passing the post an open length in. advance
of Thrive, and he one and a half lengths
in front of Duke of Baden, third. The
time— liHU— was good, considering the
condition of the track. Results:
Selling, one mile, Russell R won, Klondike
Queen second. Old Fox third. Time, 1:47.
Five furlonKs, selling— Hlg Eminence won,
PoynU second. Bill Massie third. Time. l:02\.
Purse, mile and twenty yards, l*»o Planter
won, Celtic Bard second, Connie Lee third.
Time, 1:47^
Purse, five furlongs. Fred Heggig -won. The
Mecca second. Zack Ford third. Time, l:*^.
The InauKural handicap, purse J200Q, for tnree
year-olda and upward, one mile— Yellow Tall,
107 (Thorpe). 8 to 5, won by a length; Thrive,
106 (J. Matthews). 4 to 1, second; Duke of Ba
«1en. 10S (Vittltoe). A to 1. third. Tlm», l:44Vi.
laureate. Pinochle and Nandora also ran
Purse, six furlonfrs. Miss Mae Day won. Ida
Ledford ?econd, Klderlm third. Time. 1:17.
One. mile, I^ord Neville won, Llvadla second,
I\inf?B Highway third. Time. l:45?i
A. L. AustirTs brown bitch Firm Foe
succeeded in capturing the midweek stake
at the Jngleside Coursing Park yesterday.
The Ftake winner secured her victory by
a narrow martriri. St. Anthony, the speedy
possession of X. P. Whitinjr, giving her a
close race for first honors. St. Anthony
was look?d upon as a certain winner.
That he failed was due to the fact that
he had stlffer courses than did Firm Foe.
The runner-uy proved himself a fine dog,
despite the hard woik he experienced. In
the final round he ran the victor an un-
Uicidevl and was only beaten for first
prize by one point The race between St.
Anthony and Firm Foe was certainly the
feature of the day. After a "no go." In
which both contestants scored four points
each, they were slipped to a fast "jack."
Firm Foe led up to and secured the turn.
She Rot possession and worked up to six
points, when St. Anthony made a brilliant
• irlve, guinea popst-ssion and feld the hare
for three turns and dofeated his chances
of securing a ting by killing. Score 6 to 5.
The talent was in its element. Only a
few upsets were recorded, but none that
werr- serious.
Attorney Collins served a second Injunc
tion on the Chief of Police nnd the card
was run off without Interruption. Fol- j
lowing are the results of each race and ;
}he score:
J I. <">'I3rien's I'afha Quwn boat T. J. Me- |
Hugh's Mello. JO— 4: J. Imffys Plashing I.ass
beat F. 1'afsr.n"! Kitty Sc-ott, 5— K; W. «'alrne"s \
C.ia<1ys Weller tx>at tie<Tge McKnight'p Fair- :
nvuiit Hoy, 8-1; Utnde & Gerl'cr's Mount Ida !
b»"»t ilenrpp Mcl<ousal!'p Fpindle, <— 1: Farley |
Broa.' Morve Patrol beat C. tirau's Ixidy l'eaeh, j
Si— 2: D, Shannon's Strand of Gold b»«t II. A. j
l>»ck*-linan's Glen Cfaloe, 4—3; J. H. W. Muller'a !
Cnitoer Iwat tHeii & Knnwles' Arraro=H. 6—1: ;
.1. Keerann Mira Mr.nie beat M. Michlliki's •
Terrora. 10—0; s. Hardy's I^ady Hugo beat J. ,
K«-fnan's Royal Oak. 9—4; F. McCoinb'l j
Storm Kire rveal rt- B. fle B. I-^pez & fon's .
So't <*ood** 6 — 2; J iV.Uins* Richmond K.in«? j
heat II. ATtVi<1(re « Masterpiece. 6—3; P. Kelly's •
Lady Oranani beat George Mcl>;>'.israll's Dan
(lalixi 3*— 1: William Cairns' Imperial heat H.
A. norkflman's MnrHla, 7—4; A. Johnson's
IxiwlsndT boat I-amle & O«rher"s Concord, 6— !
.7; M Michiliki> T'rronit- beat Crvnnell Hros.'
Urwn Jsl»-. 17 — 5: N*. F. Whltinsr's St. Anthony
l«-at .1. McEnroe s Blacking Box, 6—0; A. John
pnn's Tod Sloan bf>at K. Cha.mb!lle> Princess
Hoyal 4-2; Harrigan & Wieiraml'a Overture j
beat J. <"harlton ft- .^on's Temple, IS— 7: P. ;
ReiHy's Elans' b*at .1. Far-rell b Cash !>ay. (
•4—2- A. I... Auf.tn'p Firm I'cx» beat J. Holden b
S<-otti*h «"hief. 5—0; F. Faspon's Merry Maid*"
beat K E. <!•¦ B. l/p«s Diablo. 4—0; J. H. W • ;
Muiler* Moonstone beat OHhea. Bros. 1 Mercy
May *.— 3; D. ljiilon> Prince beat Connell
Broa.' Clover, S-°: B. Bennetts Rey Vel beat
Crf-nrge Khman's Target.
Si^ond round — Pasha '.iueen b^at Flashlight. I
5—2; Mount Ida b<*at Ol.-irfyp W^ll^r, T— 0; Morse .
Patrol beat Strand of CoM, 8—6; Mira Monte >
beat Oruifer. S--4: Lady Hu?o bent Storm i
Klrp. 7—3: Imperial beat Lowlander. 7—0; St. ;
Anthony beat Tennonlte. 7—5; To4 Sloan beat :
Overture. 6—0: Firm Fo* beat Kxpense. ;>— 2: !
Moonstone beat Merry Maid, 11— «; Itey l>eli
bfat Frir.ce Oorite. 9—X.
Third round— Mount Ma boat Pasha Qu<»<»n.
J-0; Mira Monte beat Morse Patrol. 10—4; Lady j
Huro beat Richmond KiiiK. 6—0: St. Anthony |
beat Imp»rlal, «•—.'•: Firm Foe brat Tod Sloan, j
3—fl- Fif-y I>el beat Moonstone. 3—2.
rourth mind— Mount Ida beat Mira Monte.
3—2; St. Anthony "beat I^ady Hugo, £ — 0; Firm I
Foe beat Rev Dfl, 10—0.
Fifth round— St. Anthony beat Mount Ida,
7-4; Firm Fo<» beat Diablo in u bye. 4—0.
Final— Firm Foe beat Ft. Anthony. 6—5.
4
1 r*Aair!. r
-,aj«.. »™. i^ Bl . jtct,
"rocker —
Mission
f-'ranklln
Hamilton
.Ineoln
Horace Slann
John Swett
Hearst
tames I,lrk
Pacific Helchta |
9 8 1 .K«9
9 "81 .»89
9 « 2 .778
8 6 3 .o-.f,
7 » 4 .426
R 3 4 .426
8 2 E .375
8 I 6 .2W
s o r, .(xxi
7 0 7 .000
1 r*Aair!. r
-,aj«.. »™. i^ Bl . jtct,
"rocker —
Mission
f-'ranklln
Hamilton
.Ineoln
Horace Slann
John Swett
Hearst
tames I,lrk
Pacific Helchta |
9 8 1 .K«9
9 "81 .»89
9 « 2 .778
8 6 3 .o-.f,
7 » 4 .426
R 3 4 .426
8 2 E .375
8 I 6 .2W
s o r, .(xxi
7 0 7 .000
We Cure the Following Ailments:
Private Diseases Lost Manhood
Varicocele. . Nervous Debility
Hydrocele - . Loss of Memory
Bladder Diseases WagtlngDrains '
Kidney Diseases Blood Poison
DR. MEYERS & CO..
Specialists — Established Nearly 20 Tears.
731 MARKET ST., S. F.
visit OR, JORDAN'S great 4
iMUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A • Sr- "-"^ Largest Anitomical Museum In the \
n -JnB^- World. Ueatne!5ej or any contrsctrrl A
Y &X* v3jS dise.ve p»-.,;«lwrly cured hy thi- olcieit W
W ffSi «3i tpeailiitratht Co»»t. CsL36yoar»
Q fl'iWJ Dh. 40R3AH-!PiJ!ViTE 3SSEASES £
V f^fiSSlS Consultation fr;n snd ttrictly private
fir fl jKwS Trtliment personally or by Irner. A j !
\ M Uf aJ W P°*- i%v * £V«i« erery case undertaken. '
19 H life Write for Book. PBILOaOPBYtr, i
~ * 11 \Y* "»n«l*SK, MAILSO FRCB. <A<
2k Q, i|. ¦ valuable booh for rarn )
7 DR. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. a F <
Oleet. Spermatorrhcet
jWfW in 1 to i <»»t».^J Whites, annaturitl 41?
JfHf Ot»r»au*d W chargei, or mar lnnammt*
SV¥ not to Mrtsturj. "" tion. ,irriUUon or ukerl.
K£%THeEv*N8 GhemichCo. braoe* N©n-»atringenfc
VflLciNCINNAn.O.Bn Sold by Brcvriatii,
"• - *. s&m l r Bent ln P Uin wrappet •
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMENT STATEMENT
OF THE OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE OF THE
National Fire Springfield L
INSURANCE COMPANY INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IX THE STATE OF COX- f\ F SPRIXGFIELD. IX THE STATE OF
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December. W Massachusetts, on the ilst day of D>cmh>r
A. D. 1S99, and for the year ending on that A. D. 1393, and for the year endln* "on'thai
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner day ; as made to th» Insurance Comm!«!«lon*-
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- of the State of California, pursuant to the rrol
visions of sections 610 and <SU of the Political visions of sections 610 and 611 of this Pnl'tical
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner. Commissioner.
A.WT-Y..T CAPITAI*
CAPITAL* Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up to Cash lUOOflOn co
C«h M -ItO&WM ASSETS — — ~ :
'asset*. ESL^&STSS MaTe"^:::: %
Real Estate owned by Company $327,115 « <&f2Jg** Bnd , -«'-,- flft
I,oans on Bond and Mortg.^e T38.«M9 00 Am ° 0l ? nt ITh^nlS^kly'iii^ ' M *- !>Z * °°
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and of Bonds. Stocks and other market-
Bonds owned by Company 2.907.S8S OO »*>!• securities as collateral » 5n (A
Cash in Banks.. »1.«16 16 £«*}> }« £™P« n y'« O£flce 17:513 41
Premiums in due Cour.e of Collec- **^SffiifSSfc$X;?& 11US =""
tlon -• «"»¦*" » Stocks and Iv-ians 29 90J M
' . , , . t . ... ,, e ., Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Total Asset* ..yt.B41.31g S3 an^ Mort«aires ls,|j3tS
Premiums In due Course of CollVe- '
LIABILITIES. BlV™ receivable:' noi" MatnrVd" taken °
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $30,811 9« f"r Fire ami Marine Risks, rents
LosKt-9 resisted, including expense... 15.230 S3 ' already paid... S.HV, -0
Grogs premiums on Fire Risk* run- Total Assets Jl.JflS.^rt n<»
ning one year or less. Jl.575,753 10; .... : ¦
re-insurance 50 per cent Tn.S7> 55 _ .*!, LIABIMTIE3.
Gro S s premium, on Fire Risk, run- *£%> {fgSjg-J ?$*£•£- «?! <*
nlng more than 6ne year. $1,936,- in Suspense in 3." r>
4S2 93; re-insurance pro rata....... 936,291 47 Losses resisted. Including 'expenses^! >9.M] 13
AH other demands against the Com- Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
Dany 177 4J8 19 nine one year or Ipss. $l.!3.",r72 22; -> . .- .
v ....- - * re-insurance ~A per cent 817 <K!6 11
Total Liabilities $2.172.521 95 Gross premiums on Fire R!*k« nin-
. -— ninsr more than one year, $1,631,.
773 62: re- insurance pro rata 8."S 94S is
INCOME Commissions and Prokerage due and
"', . . _. to becom* du« TSSHQ 1 *
Xet Cash actually received for Fire *• " * *-
premiums , $2,179,136 9S Total IJabllitles $1.721.<»« 73
Received for' Interest on Bonds and ~£
Mortea-se 43.6SO 88 x . 4 „ . , „ INCOME.
Received for interest and dividends fk'^i' ** C 1 S actually received for Fire
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from £ if:! pice™iTf 3 or"imereVt 'on' nVndi"in4 ll - ei5 ' WS "
all other sources U2.136 61 Morteaues 30 31t JC
Received for Kents 912 11 Received for Interest and dlvlrfenils
ProtU on sale of Real Estate 1.400 CO ¦ on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and rrom
all other rources 142 IT. 31
Total Income $2.363.286 56 Received for Rents 4,:,r; 71
¦-.¦¦•—•.*'- ' : •••-¦ - : -^*" : -? a £ ¦ ===== _ : -:'.'. —
Total Income $1.S7» \«8 «i
EXPEXDITtTRES. -¦ ¦ ~
eluding $1.j.0o1 i.. losses of previ- cludlnfr $175.S«1 44, losses of previ-
ous years) $1.3oM97 43 ous years) II (K« "to 41
Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00 Dividends to Stockholders "r>rt'<ir.n (ik
Paid or allowed for Commission or Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 403.435 04 Brokerage 3C0 SS fit
Paid for Salaries, fees and other Paid for Salaries, fees -ami other '".
charges for officers, clerks, etc 1D0.13* 2S charges for officers, clerks, etc no if- 1-
Pald for State, Xational and local Paid for State, National and local • 11U ' J
taxes S3.03S 43 taxes m «-. ~>
All other payments and expend!- AH other payments nnd expend!- '"
tures 200.3S3 65 tures 21>5 3H 32
Total Expenditures $3.368.5-16 89 Total Expenditures) .$1»9;«.^'"> "4
Losses Incurred during the year......H.374,?» 97 Losses Incurred durlnjr the year $!.««¦> ir>H
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premlumsr
Net amount of Risks Net amount of Risks
f written during the written during the!
year |2SS,634,936 $2,797.;74 1« year .-. I t*ti ¦•• >« „.„,„,,
Xet amount of Risks N et amount of RlViUr ' J2.WJ.207 *S
expired during the expired during the!
year......: ...." 2."?,220,265 2.616,64*01 year i^fffMin?!- , M . -,„
Xet amount in force ' Net amount in force V^l- ™ 2 - ns «»^ «
December 31. 1S99 . 341.S7l.125 3.512.236 03 December SI, 1S09..... 2S2,(Vi6.2H 2 S67 04-, «|
JAMES NICHOLS, President. ~~' ~A~^~nT\ffV^~wi;i r'1'^V "
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary. s' j iiai t I ! resklent -
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this Subscribed and sinrn t™ liin. >m.
23d day of January. 1500. 26 th day of January lwn fC ** th "
FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public P S.'baTleY. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT :
409 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
GEO. D. DORNIN, , GEO. \M. DORMN,
manager. A.aistant manafi+r.
CITY (S.F.). DEPARTMENT:
H. C. AH§EL & CO., Agents,
215 SANSOME STREET.
The liver is the biggest organ ln the
human body, and has lots of work to do.
It passes judgment on the food we eat,
separating the useful from the useless. AU
food must pass tho liver. All food must
go this onn way, and If the liver is lazy
and doesn't attend to its duties all the
Other organs suffer.
It is Just like stopping the engdne in a
factory. All the rest of the machines are
thrown out of work until it starts up
again.
Another duty of tho liver is to take the
bile out of the blood and send it into the
bowels, where it acts as a sort of lubri-
cant and helps the undigested matter out
of the body.
If the liver does not act properly the bile
goes wrong, remains in the blood, makes
yellow-greenish complexion, "liver spots,"
and causes all kinds of aches, pains and
sickness.
Tho liver must be kept lively and at-
tending to its duties, and the safest, sur-
est, simplest way is to use Cascarets
Candy Cathartic, the ideal laxative, agree-
able to the taste, convenient in form, an-
tiseptic and a fine stomach tonic. They
purify the blood, never grip nor gripe, and
do their work mildly but positively.
Buy and try Ca.scarets to-day. You'll
find that it's what they do, not what we
say they'll do, that proves their merit. All
druggists, 10c, 25c, 50c, or by mail for
prico. Send for booklet and free sample
Address Sterling Remedy Companv, Chi-
cago, Montreal. Can., or New York.
e. This is the CASCARET tab-,
let. Every tablet of the only
genuino Cascarets bears the
magic letters "C C C." Look
at the tablet before you buy,
and beware of frauds, imita-
tions and substitutes.
Keep tho Sewerage System Open if You Want
to Enjoy -Many Years of Health and
Happiness. The Advice
of Reason*
LIVELY LIVERS.
Perfect Purification the Only
Life Prolonger.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All wheelmen attention! If
you would be interested in a
Epirodidly illustrated article
upon the Cycleways of .Cali-
fornia do not fail to get next
Sunday's Call.A Tearful Prisoner.
William Roberts, an cx-oonvSct, who
was arrested for having burglar tools
in his possession, appeared for sentence
yesterday before Judg-c Oabaniss. Jrle
burst into tears and begged for mercy,
as his mother had. died recently and he
was responsible for the undertaker's bill.
The Jud^e sentenced him to sixty days In
the County Jail.
False Pretenses.
Masujl Miyakawa, a Japanese, who Fays
Ibe Is an interpreter, was arrested yester
day afternoon on a warrant charering: him
with obtaining money by false pretenses.
The complaining; witness is T. Asuka, 52*
Pine street, who alleges that Miyakawa
visited him a few days ago, representing
that two warrants were out for his arrest
on charges of embezzlement and keeping
a hou^e of ill fame. Miyakawa said that
he h-j.d a pull with the police and for $30
would get the warrants withdrawn. As
uka Kav* him the monpy, and discovered
Jator that Mlyakawa's representations
were f:U«e.
Miyakawa popes as a reformer among
his ffUow-countrymen and sometimes rep
resents himself as »n officer of a society
for the suppression of vice. Three months
ago. it Is alleged, he went to a Japanese
woman, JIasu Suzuki, and. representing
that he was an officer, got $20. from her
for police protection. When the woman
discovered that he had deceived her she
threatened to have him arrested, and he
had her arrested for vagrancy. The
rase came before Judge Cabanlps yester
day afternoon and was dismissed. On
leaving the courtroom Miyakawa was ar
rested on the Afuka charge. Joseph Sak
i>be. another Japanese, Intimated that he
would also sv.ear out a warrant to-day
for Miyaka-.va's arrest on a-charge of ex
tortion.
- -
Mesuji Miyakawa Arrested on a
Charge of Obtaining Money by
JAPANESE REFORMER
GETS INTO TROUBLE
and Judge Holcomb with the pending Flre and
Police Commission cases.
DENVER — The Western Federation of Miners
Convention adopted a resolution empowering
the executive officers of the federation to call
a convention to meet at some central point
at as early a date as possible of represen
tatives of all organized labor bodies to take
action looking toward uniting in one fraternity.
WASHINGTON— Assistant Secretary Spauld
ing Issued a mortification of the instructions
of the department of October 12, 1898, prescrib
ing a rate of drawback on syrup, the refined
product of Imported raw sugar. The draw
back Is reduced from 50 per cent to 36 per
cent of its net value ln tank at the refinery.
NEW YORK— The Board of Trustees of the
Unlversalist church, consisting of eleven mem
bers appointed by the Unlversallst General
Convention, which met ln Boston last October,
is In session at the Manhattan Hotel. The
board of trustees considers all matters con
cerning the progress and advancement of the
Unlversalist church.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua — The engineers of the
lathmian Canal Commission ln Nicaragua, who
are making a final survey of the proposed
Nicaragua canal route, have, with their as
sistants, formed into two parties of about forty
men each and are taking soundings at the
Pacific terminal at Brlto and La Flora on the
west side cf Lake Nicaragua.
SEATTLE— Under the direction of Captain
J. F. Pratt of the United States Coast and
Geodetic Survey preparations are being made
to dispatch the United States steamers Path
finder and Patterson to Bering Sea early next
month, where they will be engaged during
the season In surveying the coast of Alaska
between St. Michael and Cape Prince of Wales.
WINDSOR, Vt.— The Federal Grand Jury haa
reported indictments against former Cashier
Charles W. Mussey and M. A. McClure of
Rutland, ln connection with recent trouble* of
the Merchants' National Bank of that city.
John C. Farrar, formerly teller of the Water
bury National Bank, waa also indicted on three
counts charging embezzlement and misapplying
funds of the bank.
PHILADELPHIA— At the commencement ex
ercises at the Woman's Medical College of
Pennsylvania, commemorating the semi-cen
tennial of the establishment of the oldest
medical college for women ln the world, twen
ty-six students received the degree of M. D.,
among them being Kei OkamI of Japan, Sabat
M. Belamhooly of Syria and IIu King Eng of
China.
NEW YORK — Produce Exchange members
are much Interested in dispatches from Mon
treal stating that the harbor board there had
accepted the plans of the Connors syndicate
to build a 1.000,000 bushel elevator at that port,
with storehouses attached, having a storage
capacity or 2.000,000 bushels. It is understood
that the buildings, are to be ready ln time to
handle this season's crop.
WASHINGTON— A court of inquiry has been
ordered to meet In Washington May 23. com
posed of Admlials Rodger. Colton and Terry,
to Investigate the circumstances attending the
shooting by Captain McGowan'of a Filipino
near the United States monitor Monadnock in
the harbor of Obu on November 21. 1S93. and
also the alleged failure of the captain to re
port the matter to the commander ln chief of
the Asiatic squadron.
CHICAGO— While a lawyer who had come
from Colorado was shunting for Henry Thale.
an iron worker who had been employed on the
New Western Electric building, to Inform him
that he had fallen heir to the property of an
uncle who -had died ln Colorado leaving the
ironworker . an estate valued at $100,000, the
mangled body of - the beneficiary was being
taken to the County Morgue in a patrol wagon.
Thale was killed by a fall. '.
SEW YORK— It is feared - that the arbitra^
tlon committees of the National Metal Trades
Association and of 'the International Ataocla
tion cf Machinists, who have been in session
tor nearly a week, are hopelessly deadlocked.
Much depend* upon reaching an: amicable
agreement, - especially to . manufacturers and
machinists In the West. : Unless matters are
adjusted the country : will witness ¦ one . of the
most serious disputes, between capital and
labor, that has been seen In years. ;
CLEVELAND, O.-Mme. . Emma Nevada, the
famous plnger. Is entertaining a sister whom
she met for the first time « in i twenty-eight
years. Woven in :witlr the story of the meet
ing of the two aliters Is a pretty romance
of the fulfillment of a dying; mother" ¦ request,
a trust which , Mm*. ' Nevada , discharged when
she presented to her > sister - a diamond » ring
which their mother had left In Mme.- Nevada's
charge ¦ with • the Injunction that i It t should . be
given to •:La.ur*,V.r the; sister, who had* left
home, eight years before: her mother's death.'
Bonds Declared Forfeited.
Robert Henderson was arreste'd here
•-- ..* tvo weeks aco on a warrant charg-
WASHINGTON— President McK'nley ilgned ¦
the "free homes" bill. ;
ST PKTERFEL'RG — The boiler of a tirpedo
boat exploded Wednesday, killing six persons.
GRAND MEADOW, Minn.— Fire destroyed
on" side of the main street ln the business
portion of the town. The loss is estimated at
JSO.OOO.
WASHINGTON— Commissioner General Pow
derly is taking active steps to establish a sys
tem of Immigrant inspection of the Hawaiian
Islands.
TACO1IA— While a fire at the Addison Mill
was ln progress a stairway, which was crowded
with people watching the flre, fell. Nine per
sons were injured.
NEW YORK— The French line oteamer La
Gascogn*. for Havre, carried $3,200,000 in gold.
Among her passengers was M. Georges Ben
nert. French Minister to Mexico.
WASHINGTON— Senator Pettus from the
Committee on Military Affairs reported favor
ably the bill authorizing the appointment of
thirty dental eurgeons in the army.
MOUNT HOLLY. N. J.— A train on the Penn
svlvanla road from Pemberton collided with
several gravel cars on a bridge near the station
here this afternoon. Four persons were In
jured. • ¦
TUCSON, Aril.— R- Brona. conducting one of
the largest mercantile houees in Southern Ari
zona, made an assignment to the Ea^le Mill
inp Company of this city. The liabilities are
tiO.000.
EWBLLSTON, Ohio— Fire to-day destroyed
the opera-house. City Hall and three business
housee. The flre was of lnoendiary origin and
was the seventh within a week. The loss is
JCO.OOO. : v:..:
CINCINNATI— At the closing session of the
American Mechanical Engineers one of the
most Interesting paper* read was that of
Arthur Herschman of New York on "Tn«
Automobile Wagon for Heavy Duty.
FRESNO— A consignment of frogs' legs was
received from a. frog farm In Minneapolis with
a request to popularize them among tha epl
curfs ot the raisin center. It Is the first con
signment in Ulnd ever received here.
WASHINGTON— The Secretary of the In
terior has received information that the In
dians on Tongue River ln Montana are becom
ing restless and that an incipient VMessiah
craze" has made its appearance there.
VICTORIA, B. C— The schooner Ocean Belle
returned to port, having on the way picked up
the body of D. V. van Buren of Juneau.
drowned from the schooner Dora B, ln mid-
April. It was landed at Yakutat for burial.
CLARKSVILLE. Tenn— E. D. Hutchinson.
editor of the Guthrie (Ky.) Graphic and Vir
gil Marshall, a freight a«ent. were fatally
phot In a saloon in Guthrie, Ky., by Ii. F.
Duvoid, in a quarrel. Marshall was a by
stander. " •!;.
SAN JOSE— L. L. Morse petitioned for let
ters of administration upon the estate of
Charles Copcland Mores, the noted seed-raiser,
who died May 5. The estate, which Includes
the largest seed farm in the world, is valued
at t87.OOO.
TOPEKA, Kans.— Suits were filed ln the
United States Circuit Court to-day to foreclose
the . mortgages on the Solomon Valley Rail
road and the Sallna and Southwestern Railroad
and applications were made to have receiver*
appointed for them.
NEW YORK— It is stated that within the
last fortnight bankers of Paris have, through
the Bank of France, negotiated a loan of
tU.COO.OCO from New York bankers. This money
is needed to finance enterprises incident to tho
exposition (year in Paris.
WASHINGTON— Since March 14, the date on
which the new financial bill became a law. to
Mav 12 229 applications have been received for
authority to organize national banks with a
r-.nltal of less than $50,000 each, making a
total capital of $5,905,000.
ST LOUIS— Rev. A. M. Eeholz of Mlddles
rwjrt ' Ohio, h commissioner to the Presbyterian
General Assembly, representing the Athena
(Ohio) Presbytery, dropped dead ln the audi
torium of the Washington and Compton-Ave
nue Presbyterian Church.
PHILADELPHIA— The British steamer Be
mantha. was wrecked near Port Hastings. N.
S but her crew was rafely landed. TKe
Bteamer was commanded by Captain Simmons
«nd was 1811 tons burden. She wan bound
for Miramichi. N. B.. from Philadelphia.
LINCOLN. ' Neb.— The Supreme Court has '
cited Edward Kosevrater of the Omaha Bee to
BDtear June 5 and answer for contempt, based
on the publication In the Bee of four articles
relating t0 the connection of Governor Poynter
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS CONDENSED
Bush Street Will Be Improved.
The Supervisors' Street Committee de.
elded yesterday to recommend that the
sum of $30,000 be appropriated out of the
next tax levy to put Bush s:reet, from
Stockton street to the cemeteries, in
proper condition.
INSURANCE BUSINESS
WITHIN THE LAST YEAR
Many Companies Admitted and Many-
Stop Operations, as Recorded
by State Commissioner.
The ajinual preliminary report of Insur
ance Commissioner A. J. Clunie has Just
been Issued, showing the volume of fire and
marine Insurance wTltten ln this State last
year. The following companies were ad
jr.itted to transact business In this State
during ISM:
North British and Mercantile, Victoria
Fire, Provident Security Company, Glrard
Fire and Marine. Pelican Assurance Com
pany. Xorth German Fire, Phenix. San
Bernardino County Farmers' Mutual Fire,
Scandinavian Mutual Protective Fire In
eurax.ee Association. Los Angeles County
Mutual Fire Association. General Marine,
New Amsterdam Casualty, Kings County
Insurance Company, State Fire, Security
Trust and Life,
The following companies discontinued
business in California last year: Provident
Security, General Marine, Globe Fire. In
surance Company of the State of Xew
York, Manhattr.n Fire. Tokio Marine. On
Tal. United S:ates Casualty, Bankers'
Life Association, Bankers' Life Insur
ance Company, California Mutual Bene
fit Society, Covenant Mutual Life Asso
ciation, Decimal Mutual Life, Des Moines
Life Association, International Indemnity,
Mutual Indemnity, Northwestern Life As.
6U ranee.
The average percentage of losses to pre
miums on fire risks for 1S33 was 62. The
average percentage of losses to premiums
on marine risks for the same year was
E25.
The ratio of losses to premiums on flre
risks for the twenty-five vears next pre
ceding were: For the year 1S75, 28.3; 1S76.
22.2; 3ST7. 31: 1S7S. 20.3: 1>79, 22.5; 1880, 32 5
1SS1, 33.3; 1SS2, 39.9; 1SS3. 39.1; 1SS4, 2^.5; lS^'
44.6; KM, 51.2; 1887. 27.6; 1SSS. 50.1; l&SS. 41 7
18S0, 43.7; 1881. S6.1; 38?2. 3S.9; 1^3, 3S.4; 1894,
?4.4; VSS6. CO.G; IS>36, CS.3; 3S37, 55.3; 1898. 03.8;
ISSft, 52.0.
The California busines3 was apportioned
as follows:
Fire insurance — Amount written. $375.-
S15.&2^; premiums on same. $5,545.26? 51;
Ios?ps paid, J2,SS2,973 CO; ratio of losses to
premiums, £2.
Marine insurance— Amount written. $174,
192.SS3; premiums on same. $1,557,487 13
losses paid. $%1S,261 22; ratio of losses to
premiums,' 52.5.
HOLY CROSS PARISH |
TO HOLD A REUNION
A Grand Picnic and Outing to Be
Held on Decoration
The following committees have been ap
pointed to take charge of the annual out-
Ing of Holy Cross Parish to be held at
Mirabel Park on Decoration day:
Arrangements— James Denely (chairman), Jo
seph D. Regan. William O'Toole, A. Mc^Sinty.
L. Carroll. Charles A. Bayley Jr.. M. Carroll,
A. Mohun, James Sullivan. F. Kennedy,
Thomas Curran, Thomas Snead. P. Spottiswood,
G. Gallagher. J. Sherry, J. Herold, E, Mc-
Olnty. C. Hoey, Dr. T. F. Barrett, Charles
Casassa. A. V. Conlon, W. E. Conlon. W. V.
McDonald, J. Laydon, R. Laydon, Charles
Barry. R. Kelly. Father J. F. McGlnty. R.
Pamrwon and J. P. Ryan. Games— Joseph D.
Regan, J. Denely. Thomas Snead. L. Carroll.
Charles Casassa. Floor manager— William En
right. Assistants— W. E. Conlon. Thomas Cur
ran, A. V. Conlon. J. Laydon. A. Mohun. P.
Spottiswood. M. Carroll, J. Sherry. B. Mc-
Glnty, J. Herold. Drawing: of prizes— William
O'Toole, J. Sullivan. A. McGinty, E. McGlnty
and R. J. Beardsley.
British Benefit Concert. i
The committee of the London Mansion
House relief fund of San Francisco an-
nounces a second concert In aid of the
widows and orphans of British soldiers
killed In the Transvaal. The concert will
take place on May 24. the birthday of
Queen Victoria, and will be given ln the
Metropolitan Temple.
Among those who will take part In the
entertainment are: Professor Henry
Holmes, Miss Alma Berglund. soprano;
Manlloyd Jones, barytone; Robert Liovd
and Homer Henley, who will sing 1 tne
"Absent-Minded Beggar"; Mtaa Sybil
Campbell, sword dance in Scotch cos
tume; Miss Grace I. Davis, Irish jl?,
William Greer Harrison, president of
the London Mansion House fund, will ad
dress the meeting, his subject being;
"Queen Victoria." Dr. Frederick W.
d'Evelyn will also speak.
The annual entertainment for the bene
fit of the Boys' Athletic Club and the
Girt?* Physical Culture Class of the Poly
technic High School will be held this
evening at .Sherman-Clay Hall, Sutter
street, near Kearny.
High School Benefit
Guidery. Robert W. Hartwell, James E. Hicks,
Horace P. Hobbs, Harry E. Hunt, Harry L.
Huston, Rhees Jackson, Robert Jennings, Aus
tin Kautz. Herbert W. Kerrigan, Granvllle E.
Leavttt, Abraham L/ewis, Georse Lull, Howard
R. McBrlde Henry McP. Merrlam, Cyrus R.
Miller, William C. Morrow. Walter Nagle,
Philip J. Noteware, Robert J. O'Xell, Louis E.
Pickering, Alfred H. Pollock, William D. Pot
ter George It, Rees, William H. Reeves, Fred
\V.' Rush, Francis R. Schanck, Benjamin F.
Searlght. William H. Sloan. Cecil H. Smith,
Edmund C. Southwick, Justin H. Stewart, John
R. Stowe, John M. Switzer, Chester A. Thomas,
Herbert C. Thompson, Joseph H. Timmons,
Jere Turpln, Erie L. Veuve, Clarence M. Ward
all James O. Watson, Robert Wescott, William
R. White Henry G. Whltlock. Frank "Wilkin
son. William A. Wrlsley, Theodore C. Zachokke.
Killed in action: Harry M. Boutelle, Ralph C.
Coates.
The secretary of the Lunacy Com
mission has discovered that pension
money sent from Washington for Insane
veterans of the Mexican and Civil wars
is going in many cases into *he pockets
of their guardians. He has cited more
than thirty guardians to appear In court
and render an account of the pension
money that has come Into tftelr hands.
Diverting Pension Money.
The students of Stanford University
have planned to establish a lasting me
morial to the men of the cardinal who
volunteered for service in the late Span
ish-American war. The Palo Alto insti
tution In alumni and undergraduates sent
nearly 100 soldiers to the ranks. No other
American college East or West equaled
this number of volunteers. This year
there will be laid under the main arch
of the "Quad" an immense iron plate
bearing the names of the Stanford vol
unteers. The names on the plate are:
Robert K. Alcott, Samuel BaJlantyne. Samuel
TV. Belford, Ralph \V. Bllvjn, John I). Bcyd.
Herbert M. Brace, Allan Brant. Judd N. Brldc
man George S. Brooks, Edgar J. Bryan, Brady
F. Burnett. William AV. Burnett. Harry F.
Cameron. Frank M. Carter, Thorington C.
Chase Kdwin B. Oopeland, FranciR A. Cor
buater. Thlllp W. Corbusler. Harry B. Crocker,
Walter B. Dempsey, Charles R. Detrick,
Charles Dillon, Robert W. Dodd. Alfred K.
Dole. Cyrus A. Dolph. Malcolm Elliott, Elmer
W, Emmett. George H. Evans. Everett C.
Frost, Harvey R. Fry, Walter D. Garev,
George R. Greenleaf, Edward E. Grow, Roy E.
TO HONOR THE WARWORN
STUDENTS OF STANFORD
An Iron Plate in the "Quad" to Bear
the Names of the Fighting
Men.
A benefit concert in aid of St. John's
Cadets was given last night in Sherman
Clay Hall and was attended by a large
and enthusiastic audience. The stage dec
orations were appropriately military, con
sisting of flags and stacked arms. The
cadet ushers appeared in uniform. The
participant? in the programme were: Rpv.
L. C. Sanford, chaplain, remarks; Mies
Flossie Silverptone. piano snlo, "Fantasie
Impromptu" (Chopin); J. V\ heaton Leon
ard, barytone soln. "Sunset" (Dudley
Buck); Miss Marie Louise Conkey. cornet
solo, "The Palms" (Faure); Mrs. W.
Coleman Graves, soprano solo. "For the
Sake of the Past" (Mattel c Miss Belle
Rosenthal. violin solo. "Air Varie" (Vieux
tempsi: Dr. W. H. Sieberst, Dutch recita
tion?: J. Wheaton Leonard, barytone solo,
"Call Me Back" <Denza>. The accompan
ists were F. Delleplane, Miss M. Joost,
Miss Bessie Conkey.
St. John's Cadets Benefit
The Board of Supervisors was to have
met last night as a committee of the
whole to hear eyldence^aa to the financial
condition of ihc various street railway
companies, but as there was no quorum
present an adjournment was taken until
next Monday afternoon. The considera
tion cf the Miguire standing fare ordi
nance was then tnken up by the Street
Committee. Supervisors Conner. Branden
stein. Dwyer. Booth and Maguire were
present and Mayor Phelan conducted the
examination of several street railway rep
resentatives. No .Information was "elicit
ed regarding the Market^street company,
as 'Its? attorney, J. H. Foulds, was re
ported to be ill.
Secretary Clayton of the San Francisco
and San Mateo road addressed the com
mittee at the request of the Mayor and
submitted facts and figures to prove that
the Maguire ordinance providing for a
2Vi cent standing fare was not only im
practicable, but would work an injustice
on his company, whose gross earnings
last year were only $35,000. The Mayor
asked Clayton if there was any objection
to the issuance of commutation tickets
at eight for 25 cents. Mr. Clayton replied
that the company would have to carry
28 per cent more passengers to offset the
loss resulting frcm the reduced rate. lie
further said that a street railway could
not carry passengers for less than 4 cents
each, and that no railroad was of any
use under the present law after the fran
chise had expired. Clayton disagreed
with the Mayor that the proper solution
of the problem wa« the municipal owner
ship of street railways. He contended
that proverbial municipal waste would
prevent the management of a public utili
ty as cheaply as it could be done as a
private corporation.
The committee was also addressed by
A. W. Harris, superintendent of the Cali
fornia-street road, and J. B. Leighton,
secretary of the Presidio and Ferries line.
Both made earnest protests against the
order and further consideration was post
poned until next Thursday morning, when
the Market-street officials are expected
to be present.
PROTEST AGAINST THE
STANDING FARE ORDER
Supervisors' Street Committee Sears
t Evidence as to Financial Con
dition of Street Car Com
panies.
GANG OF BUNKO
MEN ROUNDED UP
BY THE POLICE
Leader Caught While Pre
paring to Fleece a
Stranger.
The police arrested a number of "sure
thing" ,men yesterday and are making a
determined effort to break up the gang
of bunko men who Infest the city. Their
names are Harry Walters, alias Major
Call, alias "Big Mit Harry": Frank Les
ler, alias Reynolds, alias Brown; Edward
Sheehan, alias "the Kid," alias "Sure
Thing" Sheehan: Charles Crawford, alias
Rounds, alias "Big Foot," alias "One-
Eyed Riley," and William Russell, alias
"Limpy," alias "the Swede with the ter
rible gall." Crawford and Russell were
arrested yesterday afternoon by Detective
Egan and charged with grand larceny.
Several days ago they visited a cigar
store at 304 Kearny street conducted by a
man named Albert Bear and "flim-flam
med" him out of $5. 'After discovering
his loss Bear reported the matter to the
police, and from a description of the two
men Detective Egan arrested Crawford
and Russell and charged them with the
crime. Last night they were positively
identified by their victim.
Subsequently, Lester and Sheehan were
taken into custody by Detective Egan and
locked up in the tanks. About a week ago
they met a recent arrival from the interior
named J. W. Smiley, who was about to
buy a ticket for Portland, Oregon, and in
duced him to visit a room at 632 Mission
street, where they claimed the agent was
Ftopping and that they could get him to
give him a ticket free of charge. Smiley,
seeing a chance to save the money that
was necessary to a trip to Oregon, readily
accompanied the two men to the room
where Uie agent of the railroad company
was supposed to have hi3 office. After
entering the room a game of cards was
proposed pending the arrival of the
"agent," and in a short time* Smiley lost
all the money he had, amounting to $63.
Suspecting he had been robbed he reported
the matter to the police with the result
that the two bunko men were taken Into
custody.
Walters, who the police say is the leader
of the gang, was found in a house on
Jones street. In his room was discovered
a complete outfit for swindling "tender
feet." There 1? a charge" of vagrancy al
ready pending against Walters, but never
theless he will be detained ln the tanks
until the case is disposed of.
Determined Effort Is to Be Made to
Drive the "Sure Thing" Men
Out of th« Precincts of
STRAIGHTENING
OUT THE HALL
OF JUSTICE JOB
They Will Figure Out the Cost c£
Finishing tbe Structure and
Heport to the Supervisors'
Building Committee.
Architect Shea and Surety
Company to Come to an
Understanding.
Ing him -with beins a fugitive from justice.
He belongs to Winnemueca, Nev., and
was wanted there on a charge of may
»f m - Judge Cabaniss accepted a bond for j
£ 1 r o.^ e on Ma >' 5 ln SI*™), the sureties
?^<- S1 t ne X B - Cushlng of Blythedale
5 t *i B - tlufC of Alameda. on the un
derstanding that Henderson would appear
in court once a week. He failed to appear
yesterday and Judge Cabaniss ordered
inat the bond be declared forfeited and a
bench warrant issued for his arrest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIiL, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1900.
The Public Buildings Committee of the
Board o* Supervisors met yesterday for
the purpose of devising means to hasten
the ccir.p!etioa of the Hall of Justice. It
¦was decided to base action upon the re
port of Architect Shea and J. F. Ken
r.edy of the Pacific Surety Company, who.
as Bateraan Brcs.' bondsmen, succeeded
.to their contract. This report will be sub
pitted at a meeting of the committee to
be held to-morrow morning and will con
tain an estimate or th«s amount required
to Sr.ish the building in order that it
may be turned over to the city for occu
pancy.
This proposition was suggested by Au-
CXtor Wells as the best way out of the <iif
f.culty.
Auditor Wells opened proceedings by
elating that the construction fund of
$303,S23 had been exhausted by bills audit
ed and notices of claims against the fund
amounting to $53,000. The JS5.000 equip
ment and furniture fund was also nearly
exhausted. Chairman Dwyer stated the
original Bateman contract was for $:54,-
COu. and he desired to know where the
balance had gone. Wells replied that cer
tain contracts had been charged against
the construction fund that rightfully be
longed to the equipment fund. The Audi
tor declared his intention to audit no
inore bills until the building had been
turned over to the city.
Attorney Shadburne contended that the
Auditor had no right to hold up the Bate
man demands because sub-contractors
tad filed claims. The Pacific Surety Com
pany stood between th<, city and Bate
tnan Bros. It was not- the duty of the
Auditor to see that tlie Bateman bills
were paid. The first claim was that the
liuilding ehould be finished under the orlg
ir.al contract.
The Mayor held that the Batemans have
r.o claims. "The contract of the Bate
mans has lapsed," said Phelan. "and un
«3or its terms the surety company takes
their place."
Architect fihea thought the building
cculd be completed in three weeks. He
r> ad a statement which showed a surplus
of S12.7S2 after ail expenses had been paid.
He figured that it would cost $15OJ to lin-
Is^h the building. It was agreed that he
and Mr. Kennedy should investigate the
matter on those lines and report to-mor
row morning.
In the meantime the business men In
the vicinity of the Hall of Justice are
preparing for action of their own. They
have already formed an improvement club
known as the Forty-fifth District Club,
which has for Its principal object the set
tling of the hail dispute. They will
make it a matter of politics If it can be
dene in no other way, but one thing they
are determined upon — the hall must be
finished in short order or they will make
trouble.
Within a day or two a form of peti
tion will be ready for distribution. This
•will be sent all over the city for signa
tures. When as many signatures as pos
sible have been secured the petition will
be presented by a committee which will
see that it is not passed by lightly.
5
Weekly Call, $1.OO per Year.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARIE
INSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1S99, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
C10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Cacltal Stock eald up in
Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bond* owned by Company $1,179,912 00
Cash Mn Banks 197,07100
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11.56100
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 160,415 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 6,045 00
Policy Stamps on hand 1.406 00
Total Assets .$1.5:6.410 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense .....- $131,300 00
Gross premiums on Marine and In-l
land Navigation Risks, $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent... \ 144,915 00
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, % ; reinsurance 50 per centj
All other demands against the com-
pany 67,180 00
<' Total Liabilities $393.375 00
> INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Ma-,
rlne premiums $480,052 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 37,779 00
Total Income $517,831 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. $391,475 00
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 42,757 12
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 8.019 88
All other payments and expenditures 1,271 00
Total Expenditures $443.523 00
Marine.
Losses incurred during the year $356,750 00
I Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ?
written during the
- year .......... ..-- $74,880,740 $501,40100
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year .............'..... 75,816,705 601,06100
Net ¦ amount In force .¦¦•.. .
December 31. 1S»9.... 7,427.650 144.915 00
J. WILLIAMSON. President.
. JOHN GICK, Secretary. ,
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January. 1900. W. J. SULIS.
, United States Deputy Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPEECKELS & BROS. COMPANY,
I CEIVC/fflt flCENTS.
J : B. F. DAVIS & SON,
.MANAGERS,
215 SANSOME STREET,
, BAN FRANCISCO. .. '
. , Telephone 5368. ;
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP TBE
Assurance Company of America
OT NEW YORK. IX TltE STATE OP; NEW
York, on the (1st day: of December, A. D.
1839. and for tha year ending on that d*y. as
mad* to the Insurance Commissioner »{ tn»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections (10 and 611 oi the Political Cods.
condensed as per black furnished by tb« Cos*-
missloner. > .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash $300.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks an*
Bonds owned by Company $480,123 09
Cash in Banks X7.817 SS
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans $.770 S3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion ».125 4O
Internal Revenue Stamps 19 M
T0t»l AssstS $550.958 77
LIABILITIES. ~"
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $22,187 00
Losses ln process of Adjustment or
In Suspense tS.879 OO
Losses resisted including expenses... jjo oo
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $17S.9C3 70;
reinsurance 50 per cent J9.4S2 83
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $^2,274 07:
reinsurance pro rata I9.J11 17
All other demands against the com-
pany 18.77109
Total Liabilities $182.361 Jtj
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fir»
premiums $157,834 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 37 3$
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources - 21.J97 is
Received for profit on Sala of Bonds 1.074 »
Total Income $isn.343 «
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre Losses... $12S.121 »
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 11,452 32
Dividends to Stockholders 24.000 0>)
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 60,129 75
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 8,215 00
Paid for State, National and local ,
taxes 4 MM O
All other payments and expenditures 2,913 39
Total Expenditures ................ S22S.331 33
Losses Incurred during tbe year $155,143 31
Risks and Premiums. Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amount ot Risks - I
written during the
year $34,007,223 $307.213 11
Net amount of Risks
expired durln: tbe
year 23.S73.121 JT4.CS9 33
Net amount ln force
D«H?»iT»ber- 31. 1S30 25.125.453 2S1.I33 7T
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. President.
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 2«th
day of January. 19C0. % GEO. O. RUOER.
Notary Public.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephons 5368. San Frascisca.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
ST ATJE7VVENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SUN
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 3IST
day of December, A. D. 1S?9. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 ot the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $250,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage.. 1SS.0G0 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks an4
Bonds owned by Company^ 1,751.336 25
Cash' In Company's Office 340 5S
Cash ln Banks 140.131 2S
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,96115
Interest" due and accrued on Conds
and Mortgages 1,850 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 262,947 87
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks. Rents
due and accrued 1.316 67
Total Assets ..t2.616.93t 63
LIABILITIES. *
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $116,632 W
Losses In process of Adjustment or
. in Suspense 63,157 00
Losses resisted including expenses.. 13,033 00
Gross' premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning one year or less, $973,442 61;
reinsurance B0 per cent <S9,721 SO
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
. nlng more than one year, $1,657,-
653 09; reinsurance pro rata 8E3.783 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc • 1.316 67
AH other demands against the com- ,;-••.-.-
pany 62.14$ 27
Total Liabilities ..$1.606.792 Og
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Flre
. premiums • ••••• $1,405,683 10
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 9.080 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other s6urcea 77,263 02
Received for Rents , 10,308 93
Total Income ...11.502.335 07
EXPENDITURES. ~™
Net amount paid for Flre Losses.. ..$1,057, 497 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage • ••• 899,819 06
Paid for ' Salaries, - fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 102,784 70
Paid for. State. National and local
taxes • ••• 45,963 49
All other payments and expenditures ,121,803 86
Total Expenditures ..$1,627,330 02
Flre.
Losses incurred during the year — ..$1.048.563 69
Risks and Premiums/ Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written ' during the
year $193.S40,763 $1,786.255 06
Net amount of- Risks
expired during, the '
year ................ 190,388.788 1,731,872 60
Net amount In "force
December 31. 1S99... 305.631.703 2.637.035 70
. :,->: J. J. GUILE, Manager. ¦.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 21th
day of January. 1900. EDWIN F. COREY.
[ Commissioner for California-
j.b;f. davis. & son, J
General Agents, Pacific Department,
\215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5968, San FranoiBoa-
SX/\XE7W1BINX
,-'- OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IX THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1S99, and for the year ending on that day, aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State cf Callronrla. pursuant to the provlflon*
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by tba Com-
missioner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ln
Ca«h $100.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J451.CSO 00
Cash in Banks 43.882 12
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,442 73
Premiums ln due Course of Collec-
tion 42.877 32
Internal Revenue Stamps . 29 90
Due from C. T. Bowrlng & Co..
Ltd.. Bankers 800 49
Tctal Assets t35i,632 63
LIABILITIES. '
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $15,703 00
Losses ln process ol Adjustment or
ln Suspense 23,544 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. (23 M
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning one year or less. $161,410 21; ¦
reinsurance W per cent 80,705 11
Gross premiums on Flre Risks run-
ning more than one year. $42,143 70;
reinsurance pro rata 23,240 63
All other demands against the com-
P«ny 10,425 M
Total Liabilities ms.w 74
INCOME. *
Net Cash actually received for Flr«
premiums $173,822 S4
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums .". J7 33
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 16,843 (2
Received for proflt oa sal* of Bonds. 2S.S91 94
Total Income $225.337 73
EXPENDITURES. ¦
Net amount paid for Flre Loss's.... $143.119 33
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. U.06S 24
Dividends to Stockholders 24.OCO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 6J.402 5«
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc ; 1,103 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes *.CI3 20
All other payments and expenditures 2.493 05
Total Expenditures $243.209 84
Losses Incurred during the year. $16*.331 S3
Risk* and Premiums. Flre Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risk.* |
written during the
year $31,458,175 $M3,305 70
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 23.123.2S1 265.97110
Net amount in force
December 31, 1359.... 21.544.117 203.553 91
E. C. CONVERSE. President.
It.. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secretary.
Subscribed and 'sworn to before m*. this 26th
day of January, 1900. - GEO. O. RUOER.
Notary Public.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5963.. San Francisco.
i Big Cigar Bargains Saturday— General Arthurs and La Feiicitlads on Special Sale. %
i Sbb "ad" In to~naorrow morning's paper. 5
| Specials To-Day. F f ISI^I W %k&&MB&&BWaiS$&,for$4;9S,$
» Special bargains qgjf «*«-'* iW lite* 5
}[ /gl^N inSh3de Hlt3 *?" - : picture a new de- 3
*: JmM&) offJha^anTc'oV- «9><^5=" The sale of LadieaT "Stuttgartcn" Sanitary Wool Vests. Pants \$* TaffeU Silk ,/t^ 5
£ ors — as an example moSStf and Combination Suits, the bist quality, at oncquarter off regu- 7" A C 1 VCav) «
** 7^^j0^^^ oi the Bav i n B } to t> e QcT 8 ™* 5 lar prices, will continue until closing time to-morrow (Saturday) night. ea ana tncHaa oa Qp^Sy
J ,: 9^^^fXn H frimmTn!r h Continuation of- the sale of Men's Suits at $12.50 and the four" rows "%t >d§§fWv 1
K T~ V [hat W era Ts^ llfeiS? 8am P le line of Men '* $3.00. $3.50, $4.50 and $5 00 stitching, lined, AlUI S
t> Vl_-^1 olv iiflfl 1P^ ShO0S at $2.45 pair. colors iaven !er, f)f tWA'4S\ S
i ¦ w?- t aVa ¦ Ij S ht light A «
*T ¦¦¦£££%$&&¦ t W v hltean /!. c t olored blue, cardinal, flM W^PiPa %
| W&l$m ShOrnS H 6 . < black and white k WXHtS I
I I^SSiiS^ Neckwear Samples. ggg| I^W J
* Kcfnfn °: * 7mSO """ $1OO ° Sale Friday Only-Saving of about 33i per cen'. *j $4,35 m I " |
£ .;-: Only a small lot of this beautiful Imported Neckwear, a jobber's second noor-rront. ; {»
$ WfhHe !r1d% e "Znly-rZ sam P le line ' about 10 ° * ffer ent styles (no two alike), designs g
ii -_. _ and medium grade f\. *. &Tin materials exquisite, made " ~ jj
8 SSOOiSSa wa?h materials j^^^. of fine Chiffons and Real Ren- J
K o . from " the ¦• White 7§^™«5^? r?&&rl| aissance and Russian Laces— ®ffff£x£S &/&&*- A choice J
X GDoda Section — 40-inch Victoria Lawns, \TSifeS^r_. fiaKSKHLSw i. Q ™ Q Tr,K Q ,. im T^ a^ c «^»«**<^ -VJkaBjra assortment *
J fancy sirioed imported Swh-es, 4 )- inch 7 remember, only 100 piece.. Special To-Day. ofthissea- .}
jl* bordered Skirtings and Aoronettes; also //^ZZ^frgg^ V> 2"> XeeltwA^r <J 1.RQ 8cn ' 8 c "J
£ a lot of sty.Bh Back Cotton Grenadines; Saf/fk «!«!!, fesO NeckwS '$ 1.98 Corded Wash Silks, 30 different patterns jj
*» a'l up-to-date styles; values ranging from wf/H'i V&lffl 'tfW&iV^m''' I" >O \eckwear' $2.25 in blne9 ' pinka and lavenders . th; » correct .%
& 15c to 20c yard— to-day your mm tiSxW.fWvft' J£&W§ixk $S*50 Neckwear' $2.63 fabrio for shitt wa5sts and ch i^en*3 «$
| choice for , II... 11C f\\ M | WjKgfflk .$00 nS $3.OO Jg"* » *'?* sa! ° SS 42 C I
2 \\A|/ AfAM'MpS^k' S5 00 Neckwear, 53-75 " ** on i* J ard " *^C.J
I —- - S^n^lfcr \W l#$^2S«iS§§> 56.00 Neckwear. »4.SO Bargain Table^Maln Alsle. *
*• ¦ ' * umj • ~-»^ -~ Neckwear Counter— Rotunda. * v
fWani!.^^. .== Corset 0^ i
* 50c each— will be closed out to- *»¦-_ M5B+0tilf*0r*ff9i?g3iaZ Ex tra special IUS a*, (Z*BXZB9 a# Ladies' imported <-^i?Uf/< '5
i day, Friday, each 25C W*TtJ««'fcr#Tr«ZO wou 'd be the BVOSffG^yjf i n g r a i n Lisle GQVGPS t %
%' second Floor. Special To- Day* proper term, Special To-Dav. Thread Hose, sev- .,.,-.- 5»
&: — J -for all of our *^ " "**eral shades of tans For this day, /"ff- J V X
% m * e ¦ Yon rir, rfiarfi'v g rocer y P"ce3 must seem special *hen com- and Russets, high splicel heels and double «ay, on y -we offer /SSL^^^V -3
** SJOBMS* wnn\l\ r *]u!\l pareii t0 those that y° n form erly had to pay. soles, plain, Richelieu, Rjmbrandt or cluster eight different styles f H^^{ \ %
B+%*BM**m %W'™£ ta l Deviled Ifam-Libby, McNeil & Lib- ribbed. th 3 very best 50c stockings, on spe- of oOc and 7oc Cor- 1 1 f CTTT 1/ \ *
% Special To-Day. S h ". e f a£?v of ' \ ys ' a ' u ° cheon i-size tins, per cial sale Friday only, pair OI - ***¦ Cowh for ladies U f / Jft \ X
*' nowHo-l««o wno.eiamiyoi dozen 45c, each 4c ... . .„ 25C tot all sizes in each \\t\\ b%/ ) ) %
K *~Z*ZiX f i«.« Lemons— Fancy bright California Lem- Second Aisle-Right of Entrance. style, but yoar siza \ \\\*l j / '/ / J }g
¦^ take *itn them xj^ .ons, to-day, per dozen..... 15c in some of them, at //M UT N^a .J
K Sni!. 3 ; fW V P^S''iFee7-Pick!'ei;'ihe betrEalrn" Crockery Department W jj
machedo'l 7//J \\i to - ia ? 3 P ! CCCS for IOC manager says that this is X
| r^bi'que - 'if \ W Mala *»—**"- ¦ the biggest bargain that fljf LiQUOrS. tZ^S |
X head, flixen Mj \/' he has yet offered; 432 I jl Special To-Day o{ winea, liquors, J
curly hair, / j(J . W B&.-AA-. 1500 cardq nura onl 7» Fand y Fluted Gla?3 $71 bsera or mineral jf
» teeth that show (Jl jl \ BU$fO02S.vMtl ! Pearl But! Decanters/with imitation ! waters at prices which will astonish you -J
# and dressed m M\\Y^ o^.««r i -r~ n ton« IK 19 90 oo t , t I ; if you are not already a customer of the '2
X fancy chemis 3 ( T7 j. Special To-Day, tons , 1R 18 1.20 ,22 cu t- g ! as3 stopper, quart J | bi? store. Very special for to-day are S
| -on Friday \ l\ I fect 5n color and quality> o d fl g p 4 ec | a^; !e P t t #, on sale Fr/dayonly, /^ U these three items : " .J
&: on '- v 4ZBC -i-UsjiL-s. day, Friday, only, card at 2 g% each - WAT(rr/TW# Wilson Pure Rye— 5 years old, jc
J Toy Department— Second Floor. dczen &ii *^*^ oi^^^^^^&^ bottled at the distillery, nothing bet- &
fc" Bargain Table— Main Aisle. Main Floor— Back of Rotunda ~"' "*^^ ter at the price, regularly $1.25 bot- '^
? 1&45§£% The g enuine Sa n ' : " tie, to-day only 97o J€
g« %f«as&EMBKm Bernaldo Italian Culnnoss' Stout—The genuine £
*C «k Castile Soap, de- -, \C m.,^,.*. ___««— ,— __ _~ ~* * White Label, best made, our every-day "<«
I soap. ;j5-.~j£j tfES?" iigF iHP#||lllii^'?«3s y } z^.^ir:.i±.^v.93 %
»: P oap for toilet or bath, full 2-lb bars 6 ** "* Saturday. Angelica or Porf-Oar eice lent "*
Ji that are regularly 20c tJltm from 8 a. m.; W Ootdlcn Rule Bautaar. Genuine Standard $1.50 a gallon qaalities, to-day...©7o «
IS tO-day Only ***& Lunch 11:30 a. m. Californias Larqest--america-5 GRANDEST STORE for $5.40. Grocery Department-Main Floor. «
t* . , , „ *
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.Sometimes political orators feel more deeply than
they speak. Sometimes they forget the fashion of
the hour and speak more truthfully than they know.
If ever there was a political campaigner who spoke
from the bottom of his hcarKvvith a wish that was
surely father to the thought it was Grove L. John
son at Sacramento when he begged his hearefsto
"lit the dead past bury its dead."
The University of California has sent forth another
little army of student graduates, each armed with
clenched teeth and inflexible determination .to reform
a wicked world.
The ice trust in. New York is about the coldest
deal ever sprung upon the people of; that city, but
they are getting hot enough to melt, it.
S^\.\K 01 the marvelous organizations that are
I I characteristic of our time and our. country .is
v —^ that of the Christian Endeavor Association^
whose State convention is r><x:v in session at Stock
tcn. It :s but a fe-.v years since it was founded, and
already it numbers its members by the millions.
Moreover, it is advancing and augmenting with' a
rapidity which assures it a future even more remark
able than its brilliant ?.nd useful past.
The gathering at Stockton will show the strength
of the organization and make manifest the means by
which it has achieved so much. It has the double
vigor of Christian zeal and youthful ardor. Its mem
bership is made up of men and women who under
any circumstances would exert a potent influence in
their communities, and who, by the added strength
of unity of organization and harmony of sentiment,
have become among th«r strongest factors which
.shape and control the development of the life of our
T]}e work of this and of similar associations is dis
tir.clly beneficial. It would be impossible to set
bounds to the good which such organizations work
in any community. Their influences extend far be
yond the reach <?f their energies, and by them life is
made happier ?nd better for many persons who never
at 2ny time in their lives come into direct contact
with the association that has helped them.
Stoclrton has given to the convention a reception
worthy of it. The true Californian spirit of hospi
tality has been shown in every phase of the arrange
ments made for the meeting. The occasion is there
fore one which will be remembered with gratification
hy all who share ia it cither as hosts or quests.
THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVORERS.
THE GOVERNMENT AND THE FORESTS
AS a result of the campaign of education on the '
subject of forestry and the protection of our
woods, a movement has been started in the
East to bring about a reform in thepresent methods
of governmental administration of that department of
our affairs. ¦ In this, as in many other respects, the
laws of the United States are more like a patchwork
of conflicting statutes than an orderly system of ad
ministrative control, and much of the inefficiency of
the Government in dealing with forestry problems is
d*ue to that cause.
¦ The administration of forests on the national do
main is commuted to the General Land Office. The
work of mapping and describing the reserve forests
is in the hands of the Geological Survey. The author
ity over forestry interests and the establishment of
relations between the Government and private own
ers of forests are in the hands of the forestry division
of the Department of Agriculture. Thus there are
three bureaus to supervise the one subject, and as an
inevitable consequence there is a degree of divided
responsibility and power which prevents good results.
It is asserted by the advocates of reform that the
control of the whole forestry problem should be
placed ifi the forestry division of the Department of
Agriculture, the argument being that the General<
Land Office is not capable of attending to it. Forest
administration is a matter of scientific management.
In fact, we have now reached a point in our develop
ment where trees will have to be regarded as grow
ing crops % and be carefully cultivated, just as fruit
trees are cultivated in orchards; so that the forests
will be renewed and not destroyed as, they have been
in the past. Such cultivation would of course be
more fitly placed under control of the Department of
Agriculture than of any other.
' Some time ago the forestry- division undertook to
. advance the science of forestry on a comprehensive
scale' by offering to co-operate with States and with
private owners in the care of woods belonging to
them. This offer has been promptly taken up, andi:
is said the division has now on file applications for
working plans from private owners of over 2,000,000
acres, and references from the Interior Department
covering 47,000,000 actes more. Thus it will be seen
the division is rapidly advancing! its work, for the
preservation of forests, while the General Land Office
has hardly done anything. That' showing in itself is
a strong argument in favor of vesting the entire con
trol of forests in the division, to the exclusion of any
other bureau whatever; for the department which does
the work should be that which has authority.
One of the speakers at the Huntingdon banquet
spoke eloquently on "cinders." The theme possibly
had something to do with that smoke which issues
not from engine stacks but from the law department
of the Southern Pacific Company.
I ¦ F ¦ I 111 il In ill hi II Ml ft Mil law ¦ ¦ , . *
•The Board of Public Work's has again.been de
nounced by citizens for its extravagance; The people
of; San Francisco seem to entertain the prcpofterous
idea thaf under our "reform" government public
office is not a private snap.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS. .
cording to the returns for 1S99 the numeri
cal strength of Free and Accepted Masons
in the United States was S36.543.
MAIL TO NOME— Subscriber, City,
Steamers carrying mail to Cape Nome
will leave this city on the following dates:
May 25. July 5. July 25. August 15. From
Seattle— May 25, June 25 and July 23.
MASONIC BANK— S.. Redlands. Cal,
The Masonic Savings and Loan Society
paid its final dividend of 1.31 per cent,
making a total of SS 31-100 paid depositors.
In September, 1S91. The copartnership has
been dissolved and uncalled for dividends!
were turned over to the State Treasurer,
LIGHTS EXTTNGUTSHED-J. L, c..
City. The several published accounts of
General Grant's tour of the world do not
make mention that "when he visited
Cork, Ireland, the lights were extin
guished." There is mention of h!s visit
to Dublin, but no mention of a visit ta
Cork.
ELECTING A PRESIDENT—Subscrib
er, City. Prior to the adoption of the
twelfth amendment to the constitution of
the United States the electors voted for
two persons without desisnatinar either
as President or Vice President. The one
receiving the highest number of votes
was President. If no one had a majority
the House was to choose from the Ova
highest. Under the twelfth amendment
the electors vote for President and Vica
President and if the elections go to the
House of Representatives the choice la
from the three Instead of the five highest.
Peanut crisp at Townsend's.
Splendid Alacuma at Towcsend's. •
Delicious Roman caramels at Towns end's.*
Look at our handsome flre-etcned boxes
for Cal. glace fruits at Towcsend'a. •
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. L.. B. Baldwin, U. S. N., Is at the
Occidental. .
Ex-Judge Thomas B. Bond ofLakeport
la at the Grand.
M. Biggs Jr., a land owner of Oroville,
Is at the Grand.
J. F. Condon, a merchant of Verdi, Nev.,
Is at the Grand.
A. P. Stewart of the C. and A. Railroad
Is at the Occidental.
Charles Schirmer, ex-Assessor of So
lano County, Is in the city.
F. Rockefeller, a mining man of Cleve
land, Ohio, is registered at the Palace.
Fred Dodd, proprietor of the Hughes
House, Fresno, Is registered at the Lick.
. G. G. Medburg, a big importer of silks,
Is here from New York, registered at the
Lick.
Thomas "W, Patterson, president of the
Fresno National Bank, Is stopping at the
Grand.
D. McFarland, a prominent young club
man of Los Angeles, ,1s a guest at the
Palace.
John Hays Hammond of South Africa
fame is expected In San Francisco In a
few days.
Ex-Senator James McCudden came
down from Vallejo yesterday and la reg
istered at the Grand.
W. H. Brown, a mining man of Oregon,
arrived from Portland yesterday and. Is
stopping at the Lick.
Y. Murota. Japanese Minister to Mex
ico, registered at the Palace yesterday.
He is en route to the Orient.
Thomas White and wife arrived yester
day from Phoenix and are at the Russ.
Mr. White is a prominent mining man.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«j
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont*
gomery. street. Telephone Main 1042. •
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 17.— Robert . Maxwell
of San Diego Is at the Astor; H. S. Don
nelly and wife of Los Angeles are at the
Empire.' - y ; - : - : '-:;
An Epitome of a Century's Progress.
Professor— Mlsa Flavilla, mention a. few
of the most wonderful scientific Inven
tions of the nineteenth century.
Miss Flavilla— Yes, sir: the telephone,
photograph buttons, golf capes and Ice
cream soda. — Chicago Record.
OALIFOB.NTANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 17.—Representa
tive Metcalf arrived here to-night from
Oakland. Frank Bishop of San Francisco
is at the Raleigh; Alex Hay and wife and
Samuel "W. Burtchallof San Francisco are
at the St. James.
RED GROUND FOULARD DRESS.
The drefes represented is of red foulard,
printed/with black patterns and trimmed
with flowers of black Chantilly lace. The
lapels, and apron on the skirt are edged
with the same lace.
CALIFORNIANS IN PARIS.
NEW YORK. May 17.— The following
San Franciscans are in Paris: Mr. and
Mrs. C. H. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. Leven
trltt, W. A. Grubb. Jerome A. Bassltz and
Mr. and Mrs. H. Payot.
A comedian in a Paris theater recently
made a great bit our of a painful Inci
dent. While Indulging In, a bit of horse
play, on the stage he struck his head ac
cidentally : against one ¦ of 5 the . pillars of
The Comedian, the Contusion and the
Compress.
THAT TYPEWBITEIU
1 Have a new typ-eWriter,
Andd it is my tie: ight
to patter on it gailY ~
And write, and write! and write %
It aldss mE in my Iaborrs9
When Dm In WorkiNG vein*
It makeS A GRKat improvEment?)
i write So vcRY pL^iin.
It oPerates" soswiFtlY$J t
that when yqOu find you're sTUck;;)
and CannoT fINd the lcttler
Just6jab— and trusT to luckft (?
It's Easy VEry eaSy
To opeRAte It then;:;??G&JO
Now where on earth's that colon? |
x x xi x x x
Give me my ink and pen!
ANSWERS TO COBB.ESPONBENTS.
, HALF DOLUR OF 1S05— T. B., San
Jose. Cal. A half dollar of 1S05 Is not a
premium coin. - For such a coin dealers
charge from $1 50 to $2.
PREMIUM CENT-Peerless. Sacra
mento, Cal. A, premium of from 4 to 14
cents Is offered for a cent of 1798.
MASONRY— II. .CM.. Bodega. Cal. Ac-
the scene upon the stage. The thud
caused a flutter of sympathy to pass
through the audience. "No great harm
done," said the comedian. "Just hand me
a napkin, a glass of water and a salt
cellar." These were brought, and he sat
down, folded the napkin in the form of
a bandage, dipped it in the glass and
emptied the salt cellar on the wet part.
Having thus prepared a compress accord
ing to prescription, and when every one
expected he would apply it to his fore
head, he gravely rose and tied it round
the pillar.— Collier's Weekly.
CLARK OF MONTANA.
IS THE WORLD GROWING HAPPIER ?
By Susan B. Anthony.
the world growing happier? I will attempt to answer .
W m only for womankind. Yes, woman Is happier than ever
—. M before in the world's history, and this fact alone dem-
onstrates that the whole human family is happier and
better.
If man were growing worse and more miserable it would be
wholly Impossible for woman to be happy, for It is an axiom
as old as life itself that the two must rise or fall together.
Every organization of women in existence to-day is actu
ated by the same object that impelled Eve to eat the
apple— a desire for knowledge — and every one is trying to
utilize this knowledge for the betterment of social conditions.
Even the anti-suffrage society, which might be considered an
exception to this rule, is trying to block the wheels of progress
because it believes that it 4s better for woman to bear the Ills
she has than fly to others that she knows not of.
This has been the situation during the past half century
whenever it was proposed to make any change in the condition
of woman: that it would bring discontent to her and unhappi
ness to the family; if she received an education It would unfit
her for the duties of wlfehood and motherhood; if the married
woman were permitted to own property she would desert her
husband and children; If those of the poorer classes were al
lowed to control their wages domestic chaos would result; if
women entered the trades and professions Immorality would
reign supreme.
In direct contradiction to these pessimistic forebodings
every progressive change In the condition of women has
brought to them an Immeasurable increase of happiness. The
only way in which even an approximate estimate of this can
be mad© is to imagine the present generation of educated.
property-holding, self-supporting, capable, independent women
suddenly transplanted into the condition of two generations
ago— education, even in th© common branches, placed beyond
their reach; every occupation closed to them except sewlngv
teaching and factory work; the wife robbed of her own prop
erty the moment she was married; the mother deprived of all
guardianship over her own children. It is Impossible to picture*
what would be their humiliation, their wretchedness, their de
spair. We would seo such a revolt, such a revolution, as tha
world has never known.
It Was only because women were taught It was the will of
the Creator that they should be in subjection, only because
they lacked a Moses to lead them out of the wilderness, that
they endured bo long and so patiently. But having emerged
at last and experienced the joy of even a partial liberty they
will not pause until they have attained the full happiness of,
complete freedom.
No one can observe the busy, broad and useful lives of tha
women of to-day, the Bplendld work they are doing for tha
world, without realizing the vastly increased happiness tha
closing years of the century have brought to them.
The gulf between us and our foremothers is no wider than
that which exists between ourselves and those future genera
tions who shall have an absolutely untrammeled opportunity
for development. This will be possible only when there shall
be placed upon the brow of woman the crown of citizenship
and sMe by side with man she may work for the regeneration
of the world, enforcing her will, as he enforces his, by tha
supreme authority of the ballot. The most powerful pea can
not put into words the happiness which will come to woman,
and through her to the race, when this right is hers.
DRIVE AWAY THE BLOODSUCKER.
. , N'ew York Herald.
FRIDAY MAY 18, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor. -yj:'u
Adores* All Ccmrr.unicttioM to W. S. LEAKE, Menager.
riTBLlCiCllOS OFFICB..5I«rli«t and Tlilrd. S. F.
' Tclrvbaaa Main lsGS.
r!!:i!j:t:iL nooMS....«7 «© 221 st«T«ioB si.
Telephone Main 1S74.
CcIlTeretf »>» ritrrirm. in r.nf- P*r Weelt.
Htncl- Coplri. S OnL.
Terms far Mail. Including Postages ',
V.'TLT CALL <:=c:i:<:!r.jE : uadayl. oDe year .....t«.0 r -
DAILT CALL flffffflftt Eundcy). 6 menth* 8.00
DAILT CALL Occluding Eur.day). 8 acntti !•&*
:>AIL,Y CALL-Ut Elrsle m «?
¦SCKSAT CALL. On»- Ye*r 1X«
¦WWIiCKJ-T CALL Oc« T«ar 1.00
Ail poatuaater* ttre anthorUed to recelr*
«cb»rrlptlon».
6aicpl» ecplea v~. v -nr»-»M«l wben r*coe«t«4.
fi^K y,|iKn OITICJ2 ..X1X8 JJroadvray
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
i'tr.ager Foreign Advertising, t/arquette Building, Chicago.
<l-_r.t XMstaacc Telephone "Central !€!»."»
NEW TCRK COliKJ^SPOSTDECT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
jriTW yOEi. Hili'J'.JiaEKTATrVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
eb*rm*n House: P. O. Neirs Oo.; Great Northern Hotel:
rrts^t: i»oiifc«r; Auditorium Hotel.
BltAATH OFFICES— ZZ1 Mostccmery. corner et Cay, open
until i:Zii o'clock. ZCO Hayes, coen until 9:39 o'clock. 6S3
McAllister, open until '.':SC o'clock. 616 Larkin. open until
J:I0 o'clock. JXl Mission, cpen until 10 o'clock. 22€l Market,
corner Sixteenth. oj>en until » o'clock. 10S« Valencia, open
•uctll 8 o'clcck. IM Ki-vxcth. open until 9 o'clock, N"W. cor
rrr Twrnty-seccr.d and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
THE Oakland Enquirer hears, and notes, that the
delegation to the Republican National Conven
tion, elected at Sacramento, proposes to elect
Dan Burns as member of the National Committee.
This is entirely probable, and would be in line with
the sinister course of politics heretofore taken by that j
clement which 'dominated in the personalities of the
convention.
The evil qualities in a party must ferment them
selves out, as does feculence in water. The personal
incidents at Sacramento were the last efforts of that
element in California Republicanism. Tihat kind of
work is the only kind of which it is capable, and there
need be no surprise that it acts that way. If any
blame attach anywhere, it is to the indifferent mem
bers of the party who permit it, and then wonder why
victories come so hard and so high, and why so often :
they come not at all. If the act of the convention
toward individuals were really expressive of its ideas
and purposes, of its party loyalty, and of its opinion
of the uses to which a party should be put, the elec
tion of Burns as National Committeeman is a per
fectly fit conclusion. True, it 'may alienate votes, it
may chill influences much needed to 6ecure success
next fall; it may disgust Republicans to the point of
defaulting at the polls, and may turn away from us
the self-respecting independent vote — but if it is in
line with the genius of the convention no one need
be surprised. J.t will simply prove that the forces
which were not ftrong enough to debauch and de
stroy the party in the Legislature were capable of the
lesser exertion and lighter task of doing it untimely
harm in its convention- During the session of that
body The Call and its proprietor were under discus
sion, provoked by attacks coming from the Burns
boss machine of San Francisco. This discussion
turned upon support of the party policy. There is
one point in that policy at which the entire attacking
force of the Bryanists will be aimed. Every intelli
gent Republican knows what that point is. The Porto
Rican tariff, a tentative measure to give the country
time to study its new responsibilities and the method
of meeting them, has already been selected as the
weak place in the Republican works upon which the
guns of the enemy will be trained. As was truly
said in the convention, at that point The Call has al
ready gathered and put in action the means of de
fense. What other strong Republican agency has
done this? From what other have succors and re
inforcements appeared? The Call represents no per
sonal ambitions, of its proprietor or any other. But
it does represent loyalty to the Republican party and
devotion to its interests, and the statement made to
the convention that it has the sympathy and support
therein of forty-nine out of every fifty Republicans in
the State is undoubtedly true. Turning it down, then,
is not a vengeful victory over any man's ambition,
but. the act stands as public punishment administered
by a convention for having represented the wish and
the welfare of forty-nine fiftieths of the party. The
Call is not injured, and its proprietor has lost nothing
of the least personal consequence to him. But the
convention has made the party seem to repudiate and
spit upon its own professions, and treat as punishable
offenses those things which it approves as most
needed to make it strong and successful. This is the
harm that is done. To elect Burns only makes that
barm plainer, and the need of The Call and the pro
priety of its course more apparent
We stand ready to do our part of the increased
labor made necessary to carry the State. We are
prepared to shoulder our part of the unnecessary
burden with which the election of Burns will handi
cap the party, for we realise that what is done and
what is threatened means the last- appearance of
Burns and his influence in the organization. As we
toiled to avert the greater danger of his election to
the Senatorship, we will do what we can to nullify
and cancel the lesser danger of his recognition by
the delegation. .Having saved a city from being
sacked and burned by a freebooter, the good soldier
does not complain of the lesser duty of protecting it
from burglars.
It is a proper illustration of the Burns methods that
no rumor of his ambition to be a member of the Na
tional Committee was permitted to escape before and
during the convention- So his Senatorial candidacy
was kept under close cover until the party had left
the polls a winner in 1898. Then when the chance to
get an expression upon his ambition had passed the
cover was lifted and the conspiracy was disclosed.
The proprietor of The Call submitted himself to
the suffrage of the convention openly as a Republican,
was defeated as a Republican, and remains a Republi
can.
That is not the Burns way. His bossism is of a
peculiar kind. It wears a mask- It, follows gopher
politics. It practices concealment. It lures others to
exertions and, when they -succeed, suddenly jumps
from ambush and snatches from them the results.
We are convinced that it played its last engage
ment on the boards at Sacramento, and that hereafter
when its revenges are put in action the party will
inquire into its purposes and compel their disclosure.
The Republican party, under the circumstances,
needs more than ever the loyalty and labor of the
men who are intellectually joined to its fortunes.
The Call has not overestimated their influence, for
it has done nothing and can do nothing without them.
The party was born of the purposes of such men.
It was brought into being in a high cause, as the crea
tion of men who were glad to sacrifice themselves for
it, to spend and be spent in its promotion. It was not
whelped like a mongrel, to be used for the profit of
the base.
THE LATE CONVENTION.
TriE BILLBOARD ORDINANCE.
THE ordinance recommended the other day by
the Judiciary „ Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors legalizing advertising fences twenty
feet in height not only does not meet the popular de
mand for an abatement of the billboard nuisance, but
it is a positive concession to the bill-stickers. In
deed, the ordinance will, if passed, -fasten high ad
vertising fences permanently upon the city.
As the law stands at present there is no legal au
thority for the erection of these fences. If one of
them should fall and break the crown of an incau
tious pedestrian a suit for damages would lie against
the bill-poster or property-owner. But if the fences
are legalized and inspected by the municipal authori
ties, as is proposed by the ordinance, it may and
probably will be contributory negligence to walk on
their side of the street or venture within striking
distance of them.
If these unsightly and unwholesome nuisances must
be tolerated in the interest of the bill-posting firms
which have influenced the Judiciary Committee to
report this ordinance, they should be limited to ten
feet in height and forbidden on all the principal
thoroughfares. Fences ten. feet high could probably
be constructed so as to be comparatively safe, and
certainly such a 6pace ought to accommodate
enough illuminated literature to satisfy the demands
of the cigar, sodawater, circus and cigarette loving
t public. The paste and filth emanating from a ten
foot fence might, indeed, be reduced to a minimum
by careful inspection.
But fences which tower twenty feet in the air
should not be permitted under any circumstances.
No matter how securely such contrivances are con
structed, they are always a menace to the lives of
pedestrians, and it is little less than an outrage for
the Judiciary Committee to even contemplate yield
ing them to . the bill-posters. There is no doubt
whatever that the people who advocate the suppres
sion of the advertising fence nuisance in this city
would prefer no legislation at all to the passage of
this ordinance, which authorizes the fences, and to
that extent indorses them. A crusade against cap
ping for faro which would result in legalizing the
game arid prescribing conditions under which it
might be played would bear considerable resemblance
to the consideration which the Judiciary Committee
has shown these billboard pests. The Phelan ad
ministration has already presented the town with sev
eral disconcerting legislative gifts. If it is sufficiently
bold to confer upon it twenty-foot advertising fences
the zenith of impudence may be considered to have
been reached.
If the Supervisors are in any doubt as to the sen
timent pi the people with reference to the billboard
abomination let them poll a few blocks inhabited by
intelligent citizens. We venture the prediction that
nine out of every ten persons casually encountered
will declare that advertising fences are dirty, un
healthy, unsightly and dangerous, and that they
ought to be abolished. Such being the case, ther;
should be no hesitation in adopting measures neces
sary to suppress or at least restrict them.
San Francisco, it may be added, does not exist for
the benefit of bill-stickers, nor yet for the profit of
the unprogressive property-owners who are encour
aged to maintain unimproved lots by the revenue de
rived from a tall fence covered with advertisements of
sodawater, cigarettes and alcoholic drinks. This city
is organized and conducted as a place of residence for
peaceful people, intent on extracting as much com
fort from life as possible. It is an insult to the in
telligence of these men and women to insist that the
town shall be covered with paste and paper and the
streets made dangerous to travel by the presence
upon the sidewalks of billboards twenty or even ten
feet high.
If the bill-stickers cannot be entirely suppressed
they should be driven off the principal streets and
restricted to low and safe fence3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1900.
6
IX the experience of more than a century it was be
lieved that there was nothing left untried and un
heard of in American politics. It was thought
that everything that can occur in the friction of the
ambitions of men had been recorded. In the many
contested cafes in the House and Senate it seemed
that cver\- sharp practice, every means of persuading:
voters, miscounting votes, sophisticating returns, im
pressing legislators, coaxing, persuading, intimidat
ing, or driving and leading folks to get there, had
been exhausted, and that future aspirants must be
:;icre!y imitators. But all this is proved to be a mis
take.
The case of Senator Clark of Montana presented
the old catalogue of methods, with much picturesque
ness, it is true, derived from the wild and unfettered
ways of the West. It was the same text, dependent
for any new charm upon the ability and originality of
the actors, just as "La Tour de Xesle" played by ex
perts is a tragedy, but by barnstormers becomes a
farce.
The Senate had about decided to declare a vacancy
in the seat held by Mr. Clark when he rose and re
signed. He did it wcU, for he is really a man of qual
ity, and has culture, force and excellent intellectual
training. He submitted to the Senate his defense in
a statement that for clearness and force would do no
discredit to any member of that body, and without a
i-ish hid oft his toga and quit. The Senate felt re
lieved. It was spared the rollcall to vote him out
It rather liked him. anyway, and heard him with re
spect and parted with him with regret.
But the curtain had hardly run down on the scene
tv-.til the bell tinkled and up it went again, disclosing
Mr. C!ark, ail togaed again and bearing the appoint
ment and commission as Senator, bestowed by the
acting Governor of Montana! The Governor, thrifty
soul, was down in California attending to his private
law business for a client The Lieutenant Governor
jjjid the great seal and other muniments of power and
used them to reinvest Mr. Clark with the Senator
«.hip. It was the happening of the unexpected, the
appearance of something new in American politics.
No one questions the authority of the acting Gov
ernor to make the appointment. Mr. Clark had been
sworn into the Senate, had held a scat and vacated it
by resignation. The vacancy happened during a re
cess of the Legislature, and the Governor, acting
under the fresh decision in the Quay case, appointed
The question presented is most interesting. , It does
credit to the genius of Mr. Clark. It is novelty it
self. The whole country will look with interest upon
the subsequent proceedings.
ADVEBTISTrMTTTCTS.
»»??????????>??? H f H 4 K»
+ ..¦-¦'¦¦•¦. ' ¦¦'"¦..- t
-?- The first article upon' the
+ Paris , Exposition -written by ¦¦*¦
"t The Call's • special correspond- 't
+ ent in Paris will appear in 4.
+ the Sunday Call of May 20. If >
+ '- you; cannot go, the next i best +
I! thing is to read about it, and "£
4- The Call will give full and il- +
X lustrated accounts. +
#4414 ? ? » ? + ?>+.+??+????+?+=»•
children arc sick children.
Their inactivity and sober
faces are not in keeping with
robustchildhood. They lack
vitality <jnd resistive power,
and are very susceptible to
colds and coniagiousdiscases.
ScotIi6mtitsiorL
brings new life to such chil-
dren. Ti enriches the blood;
it restores health and activ-
ity ; it gives vigor and vitality
to mind and body.
oc •»<**» 00. »n dragjUts,
»COTT& EOWNE.Chemuu, New V«c*
CcHzmUar^Tb* Kv.l Eye."
TivrH-'Th* Wizard of tha Nile."
Orand Opera-fcous»— "The L*-.<!y Slavey."
Alraiar — "Maist^r cf Wood Barrow."
• 'nT'f^rr.ia— "An American Citizen."
1 :; twiua— VaoScrlUe.
•"tjyir.rla, corner Mason anfl Eddy streets— Ereda'.tles.
Orate*. Zco and Theater— V&udcrlll* every afternoon and
•V'.iSr z-
"¦¦ ¦ «t"s Concert Doaaa— vnat"
Ka:j> Company Coseert Hall— Vaudeville.
'"• ¦- X'ark- Vaud»\i!>. next Sunday.
Bntrfe llaths — Op»n r!r5'is en and after Saturday, May 19.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cbasc & Vi-r^pr.hjn- Saturday. May IS, at 10 o'clock.
IT- — < f. MX CrntTville. Aiameda.C. D. Lane. E. J. McCutchen. C. "W»
WUlard. P. J. Muller and A. H. "WTnn
have Incorporated the Nom« Railroad
Company and the Wild Goose Railroad
Company. Both are capitalized at J1C0,
000. of which (10,000 in each company has
been subscribed.
Eailroads for Nome.
Woman Aeronaut at Glen Park.
_Mlle. Anita, the famous 'woman aero
naut.' will make a sensational parachute
drop from her balloon at Glen. Park next
Sunday. Mile. Anita is ;nrell known for
her fearless daring among the travelers
of the air. An unusually large bill will
be presented at. the theater also.'
Is beautiful, but we. are not photographing
color.
In determining whether or not a land
scape is worth photographing the three
following principles should be applied:
First, long distance scenes are beat avoid
ed, as when reproduced on paper the
charm of distance is apt to be lacklner.
"Little bits," something inclosed in the
compass of a few square yards, are ever
so much more suitable for the camera.
Figure 1 illustrates a long-distance view,
but it depends for -more than half its ef
feet on the white on the head and baok
of the figure In the foreground. This can
easily be proved by placing one finger on
the white mass and at once the "lire" of
the picture is gone. .
The second point is an analysis of the
material to see what it consists of. Earth,
trees, water, sky— these aru tne possible
and always present constituents, and no
landscape picture is ever really satisfac
tory if one or more be wanting. I think
it is due to the fact that earth represents
the most stable condition we know in this
world — the eternal hills Idea— while water
represents the unstable — "unstable as
water, thou shalt not excel"— and In be
tween we have the vegetation. Clouds
are not of the earth: they are above it
literally and metaphorically, and they
represent the moods of our feelings from
grave to gay. So, as far as possible, get
water. and clouds In your pictures; espe
cially get water, clouds if you can. The
next point that demands attention Is the
composition. This phase I dealt with in
my second article. •
;¦-¦ Supposing . the scene to be one suitable
for good pictorial work and that the com-
Qo&itJon is rood. then. comes up the most
say. Do not suppose that it is necessary
to travel hundreds of miles to get suitable
material for picture-making. If you hava
the right kind of eyes you will rtnd plenty
of material right at your own door.
FIGURE 3.
U. S. ATTORNEY COOMBS >
STOPS A NATIVE SON
His Cross-Examination Tangles the
Chinese Witnesses and Exposes
Perjury.
United States District Attorney Frank
L. Coombs is beginning to devote consid
erable attention to alleged native-born
cases of Chinese Immigrants seeking to
enter this country. Mr. Coombs appeared
for the Government yesterday morning
before United States Court Commissioner
Heacock in the habeas corpus proceedings
of Yee Kock Leung. Yee told a straight
story and was corroborated by one Chi
nese witness. Mr. Coombs cross-exam
ined the second Chinese witness so rigor
ously that the Mongolian tangled himself
hopelessly in the meshes of his own false
hoods and showed that the witness was
one of a conspiracy to land Yee by means
of perjury.
Commissioner Heacock will recommend
the deportation of the prisoner.
SAYS THERESA BELL
LEFT HER CHILDREN
An Oxtier Is Prayed For Compelling
Her to Contribute Toward
Support. '
Marie T. Bell has filed a petition asking
that her mother, Theresa Bell, widow of
the late Thomas Bell, be ordered'to ap
pear and show cause why she should not
pay for the support of her three minor
children, Roblna, Eustace and Muriel, and
also pay several bills ¦which have accrued
for their maintenance. In her petition
Miss Bell alleges that some months ago
Mrs. Bell abandoned her children and that
since that time they have been dependent
on the petitioner for their support. Bills
for clothing, dentistry, shoes and board
and lodging at Mrs. M. Alexandre's, 162a
Buchanan street, have been paid by her,
and others have accumulated. She says
that the mother of the children should
support them, and she asks for an order
compelling her to do so.
U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Hawley sat as
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday and 'transacted business
as follows:
. Hanchett- vs. Chlatovich — Mandate
stayed thirty days , after May 29, with
leave to file a petition for rehearing with
in the time so extended.
Wieland Brothers vs. the Collector ot
the Port of San Francisco— Submitted on
briefs.
Southern Paciflo Company vs. Jlro Har
ada—Motion to assign at foot of May cal
endar denied. -
Excelsior Wooden Company vs. Allen—
Argued and submitted. -
Adjournment until to-day at 11 a. m.
Civil Service Examinations.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that beginning June 19
of this year examinations will be held in
this city and elsewhere for the position of
mechanical draughtsman, ordnance de-
Fiartment, salary $1200 per anuum; and
or lumberman, division of f ore3try, De
partment of Agriculture, $1500 per annum.
Age limit 20 years or more.
Persons desiring to compete should ap
ply at once to the United States Civil Ser
vice Commission, Washington, D. C., for
application forms 304 and 375, which should
be properly. filled out and returned with
out delay to the commission.
Police Again Restrained.
'Upon the filing of an amended complaint
Judge Murasky ordered a| temporary ; re
straining order Issued yesterday enjoin
ing the police from interfering with the
"conduct of business"-: at Inglestde Cours
ing Park until T the final determination of
the action. ; The case was set fox hearing
this morning.
Steamer San Pedro Leaves With
Many More Passengers for Nome.
Three Hundred Japanese Ar-
rive From Sound Ports.
New Class of Whaleback.
The mall steamer Alameda sailed last
night for Australasia with about eighty
cabin and fifty steerage passengers. She
was a day late in getting away owing to
the fact that the English mall was
twenty-four hours late In reaching New
York. Among the cabin passengers were
nearly all the members of the Southwell
Opera Company. They are going to Ho
nolulu for a season and the many friends
whom they made during their etay In San
Francisco were down to se« them off.
Nearly everybody carried flowers and it
was the gayest scene in consequenco that
ha3 been witnessed on the Oceanic dock
In many a day.
Another passenger on the Alameda was
Charles Astor Parker, business manager
of the James Neill Company. He goes to
Honolulu to arrange a eeason for that or
ganization, the members of which will
follow on the steamer llarlposa, which
leaves here next month. F. H. McCor
mack, general freight agent of the Chi
cago and Rock Island route, and Captain
A. I* Soule were also passengers. \ Cap
tain Soule was formerly master of the
bark Martha Davis, but left her to settle
in Honolulu. He has just completed a
visit to his old home In Boston and Is
taking his brother back to the islands
with him.
The Norwegian steamer Universe is the
Honolulu.
Southwell Opera Company
Departs on Alameda for •
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The steamer Walla Walla, which ar
rived from Puget Sound ports yesterday,
brought down over 300 Japanese.
Captain George Calhoun, who has been
very sick with pneumonia, Is able to be
about again and may be able to sail for
the Islands on the ship George Curtis
Sunday.
Captain Batchelder, assistant quarter
master of the transport service, is once
more back at his post. He went East to
see his mother, who was dangerously ill,
but only reached home in time to attend
her funeral.
"Water Front Notes.
The latest report from the sealing fleet
shows that the schooners have all done
well so far. The catch of each vessel U
as follows: Vera, 809 skins; Zillah May,
549; Otto, 330; Viva, 752; Libbie to April 1,
120; Borealis to April 20, 2S0; Carrie C. W.
to April 13, 150; Sadie Turpel to April -25,
150; C. G. Cox. 550; Beatrice to March 12,
153; Hatzir to March 25. 450; A. I. Alger
to April 18. 375; Ocean Belle to April 25,
365; Penelope to April 1. 150; E. B. Mar
vin, 640; Arletic, 750; Mary Taylor, 750;
Diana, 450; City of San Diego, BOO; Minnie,
278; Ida Etta, 500; Aurora, 200: Saucy Lass,
180; Walter L. Rich, 100.
Do Not Think the Vide Is Wrecked.
C. B. Bunker ,& Co.. agents of the
schooner Vide, do not credit the report of
the vessel's wreck on the Washington
coast, claiming that her course for Cape
Nome would not take the schooner near
the point at which she was reported to
have been lost. The agents say they have
no information concerning a wreck.
Catch of the Sealing Fleet.
The new steamer San Pedro sailed for
Nome via Dutch Harbor yesterday after
noon with about 280 gold hunters. Nearly
a thousand people were down to see the
vessel off and there were some lively
times on Vallejo-street wharf while pas
sengers and crew were awaiting the ad
vent of Captain Zaddart. Among those
who went away on the vessel was Lloyd
Eaton. A big crowd of Lloyd's cricketing
friends were down to see him away. E.
O. Tuttle, ex-Deputy Collector of Cus
toms; Bob Monroe, formerly chief engi
neer of the Alice: ex-Sheriff McKllIican
of Alameda and Joe Marshall were also
among the passengers. Marshall goes
north to start a dance hall and a number
of girls were in his train.
The next vessels to depart will be the
San Bias to-day and the Zealandla Mon
day. The latter vessel will take over 700
passengers.
Off for the Gold Fields.
latest and most peculiar of the many
kinds of "whaleback" that have come to
Ban Francisco. Loaded she looks like a
house submerged to within a few feet of
the eaves, but standing high in the water
she appears something like a steamer.
What the Universe lacks In appearance,
however, she makes up in economy and
capacity. She carries 4000 tons dead
weight and makes from 216 to 220 knots on
a consumption of fourteen tons of Cardiff
coal. As a carrier of black diamonds she
requires no trimmers, as owing to the pe
culiar construction of the vessel the cargo
trims itself. She requires a very small
crew to hAndle her and. all in all, she is
the most economic craft on the coast to
day.
The Universe Is the second vessel of the
class ever- built. The first one was the
Unique. She proved such a success that
the Universe was built under the supervi
sion of Captain H. H. Egeness, her pres
ent commander. She was completed in
1S9S and is now on her first voyage to the
Pacific Coast. Roed & McNear of Glas
gow are the managing owners.
Steamer Universe, ;the Strangest Looking Whaleback Afloat
If the police are looking for one Clrilo
J. Elorduy, who figures In a morning
newspaper story as attempting to lure
Josie Davis, a Tivoli chorus girl, from
her happy home, they can find him day or
night at his residence, 49 Third street.
Despite much journalistic hullabaloo the
young man declares he has yet to discover
evidence of policemen's tracks and the de
tectives are equally ignorant of any de
mand for Elorduy's presence at the City
Hall.
At any rate the alleged disturber of
chorus girls' quiet desires to afford the
police or any one else who care* to find
him every facility, as he has nothing to
conceal or to befog concerning his deal
ings with the members of the Tivoli
chorus or the attaches of the theater.
Elorduy has a foreign accent, wears
Paris-made garments, sports some big
diamonds, gets money from home and for
several months has been a conspicuous
occupant of the second orchestra row of
the Tivoli Opera-house.
"I didn't think it wrong to go as often
as I pleased," said Elorduy last night.
"Sometimes the musicians and the play
ers would smile at me. I first noticed
Miss Davis about four weeks ago and
thought there was no harm In sending
flowers and Invitations to her after she
had appeared to reciprocate my smiles.
I wrote many note3 to her, but received
no .answer. The reason I got her ad
dress was because I thought that the
theater might not be the proper place
to meet her in the event she should de
sire to become acquainted with me. I
never represented myself as the son of
any consul or any count. I speak Rus
sian, French, English and Spanish and I
don't care whether I was considered a
native of any one of the countries where
those tongues are spoken.
"My father is a wealthy official of
Mexico and I receive remittances from
him. I came to San Francisco to study
at the Union Iron Works, but now I am
tutor to a private family. The reason I
used names other than my own was to
protect my family name. I used the
name of 'Derby' to reserve seats at the
theater because it was easy, and the
ticket sellers used to Introduce me by
that name. I am not a criminal, nor have
I committed any crime In trying to make
the acquaintance of Mis3 Davis. I am
not hiding from the police or any one else.
I regret that my actions should have
caused Miss Davis any mental distress.
"If It be criminal for a theater's patrons
to smile upon an attractive young woman
on the stage I fear the prisons would fill
very rapidly."
Adventurer.
Was Declared a Wicked
*
Detectives Not on the Scent for a
Young Remittance Man Who
Chorus Girl
Bursting of a Journalistic
Romance of Count and
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
XV— IiANDSCAPE PHOTOGRAPHY
BY F. DUNDAS TODD.
Landscapes, after all. form the steady
diet of the amateur photographer, and it
must be said that in this branch of the
art the amateur is ahead of the profes
sional. But It must not be supposed for
one moment that all amateurs make bet
ter landscape pictures than do profession
als, but a few amateurs do make really
fine work, and there is nothing to prevent
the many succeeding as well as do the
few. It is all a matter -of brains. The
vast majority, however, are too lazy in
tellectually, as I said before, and they Jog
along, exposing hundreds of plates, hoping
some day by accident to get at least one
fine picture. But accidents of that kind
do not happen very often. One of my
Important question of all. that of light
ing-. When dealing with portraiture I
was able to show there the necessity oC
an educated eye as to lighting before it
was possible to make satisfactory por
traits, and I can assure every reader that
this also holds true In landscape photog
raphy. Composition is but the skeleton,
the framework; lighting 13 the flesh and
blood of a picture.
In portraiture it was comparatively easy
to take a scheme of lighting that was ad
mirably fitted to bring out all the detail
and character in a face and to show how
It could be secured. But In landscape it
is different. Here we are more anxious
to get effects than facts, and the be£t ef
fect for a certain combination of facts i3
largely a matter of Judgment and edu
cated taste. One of the most successful
amateurs In this country to-day onca
asked me for an expeditious method of
learning all aDout landscape lighting, and
I advised him to select a good scene and
COURSE IN PHOTOGRAPHY FOR AMATEURS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FK1DAY, MAY 18, 1900.
Figure 2-l-andscape.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
FIGURE 1.
7
SENOR ELORDUY
IS NOT HIDING
FROM POLICE
to photograph It every hour of.ths day
from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. He swallowed th»
prescription and Ire assures me he learned
more In these ten hours than he had
learned in months of reading and study.
I fancy it would not hurt any of my read
ers to take the Same course.
But let us get down to more specific
details, and the first ia a "don't." Don't
have the sun behind your back when ex
posing. You must have light and shada
in your photograph, and the sun behind
your back will give you all light and no
shade. Far rather have the sun right
ahead of you, for this will give you lots
of both light and shade, not only In the
masses of foliage in the distance, but.
more important still. In the grass and *
flowers In the near foreground, where de
tail and relief are usually much wanted.
Figures 1 and 2 illustrate this very
clearly.
I fancy I see you conjure up visions of
fog on your plate as a consequence of
facing the sun, but that will not happen
if you are careful. Before you malte the
exposure hold the slide of your platf
holder .or your hat so as to shield, tha
lens from the direct rays and go ahead.
It Is simply astonishing how judicious
lighting will make a charming picture
out of the most unpromising material.
What could be more commonplace than
the material shown in Figure 3. yet by
having the light fall on It from the risrht
front the result Is an exceedingly pleasing
effect. It often occurs that an unbroken,
uninteresting expanse of snow in the fore
ground becomes an interesting part of the
picture simply by getting trees not shown
at all to cast their shadows across It.
There is absolutely no excuse for bare,
uninteresting foregrounds when a few
shadows drawn by the pencil of light can
transform them into things of beauty.
And speaking of foregrounds. let ma
make my last point. A picture to be suc
cessful must have foreground, middle dis
tance and distance. I regret to say that
I find very rarely more than two in the
average photograph. If the foreground
be good and distance be shown the mldctlo
distance is lacking. But the average fore
ground Is no foreground at all, but sim
ply an evenly tinted, uninteresting pieco
of paper. Fancy the lower part of Figura
3 all an even mass of white. By no stretcli
of Imagination could it be dignified wit a
the title of foreground, yet It occupies tn»
place of one.' But as the picture id. from
nearest point to farthest, there 13 a fore
ground, a middle distance and a distance. -
I have told you all that was In my mind
when I sat down to write, but I have not
told you all there i3 to be learned about
landscape photography. All I have dona
is to give you an appetizer, and I trust
that you will be tempted to do your own,
experimenting. But one thing more I will
ly great hustlers physically, and I admire
the energy with which they cover weary
miles or spend hours developing and print
ing. I am built the other way about, and
am a sincere admirer of the man who.
when he has a half-hour job, will sit
down for a whole hour and figure out how
he can do it in ten minutes with the least
expenditure of exertion. My wife. I frank
ly confess, calls this laziness. I call it
conservation of energy.
The first thing to be considered in a
landscape scene is the general mass of the
material stretched out In front. It is at
tractive to the eye, doubtless, but that
Is not the point, we have to consider how
It will look In black and white. The color
philosophical friends insists that it always
takes three conditions to make an acci
dent, but I think an accidentally good
landscape photograph would be th© out
come of at least four if not half a dozen.
There must needs be a good composition,
effective lighting, the camera at the right
spot at the right moment, correct ex
posure, proper development and a first
rate print on suitable paper. Mathemati
cal readers •who are posted on the laws of
combinations and permutations might for
the good of humanity figure out how often
In an average amateur's lifetime the con
ditions would be right for the making of a
fine picture — by accident.
My Intellectually lazy friends are usual-
GAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR OOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
|/nf\f»U Were • successful at tfoma last
lYIWUn year. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson St.. B. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In operation dally, £25 Blxth Street.
BYRON JACKSON,
DREDQINO PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Nome,
are youT Better buy one; Just the pump for
gravel; has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
QARRATT & CO., cor. Frembnt and Natoma.
DREDOIVQ PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline. Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pumps,
Engines&BoilerB. HendyMach.Wks., 40 Fremont.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE & CO. manufacturers, bars, tents.
covers. 21 and £3 California r.t.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
8upply fresh or salt water fqr slulc« boxes*
high or low lifts. SIMONDS, 13 Market St.
ENGINES. .
In stock, steam, gas, gasoline; full line; mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn., 20 Fremont.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savin? Machine. 239 Folsom
et. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
SLUICE BOXKS.
Klondike champion sluice saves eold; competi-
tion Invited. 1798 loth st., corner Guerrero.
PLATES FOR SAVINQ GOLD.
Echaezleln & Burrldce, 3 Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
SILVER-PLATED MINING PLATES.
GET them at Denniston's San Francisco Plat-
lng Works. 652 Mission st. -
' SILVER-PLATED AMALGAM PLATFS.
F. W. BEL.Lv Central Plating Works, 852 Mis-
sion st, 8. F. Phone Jessie 301.
~~ TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co., manufacturers, S3
Beaie St.. S. F.; 348 E. 2d st., Los Angeles.
——————— ______
GROCERIES, provisions, tents; packed, shipped
free. SBARBORO & CO.. 621 Montgomery.
~ MEDICINE CASES. ~~
FERRY DRUG CO Vfc^..
WHISKY.
HFTNTFR RTF CHRIST Y & WISE Commer.
mini Ed -IE- cial Co.. 327-S29 Sansome st.
LIQUORS. ~~~~
WBKITFY BLATZ BEER, Bethesda Water
W -U3-.C I CAHEN & SON', 418 Sacramento st.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BTOKHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and lrt sts., Oakland, or Eulldera' Ex., S. F.
AMPBiEaraarra
GLEN PARK,
NEXT SUNDAY. NEXT SUNDAY. May 20th
BALLOON ASCENSION
By the world-famed aeronaut, MLLE. ANITA-
GIGANTIC VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
EVANS and MAITLAND, DICK MACK. JO-
SEPHINE OFFUT. KELTON. HIGGINS and
KELTON. and many • others. -
Ban Mateo or Mission St. Cars Direct.
10 cents— ADMISSION— 10 cents.
SUTRO BATHS
WILL OPEN NIGHTS
ON AND AFTER " -
SATURDAY, May 19, 1900.
X Next Sunday's Call will " $
+ contain a sensational feature ;?
+ in the story of a San Fran- 4
cisco man who was onc» Bev-
£ enue Collector of this port and
+ is now working: as a steve dors +
> on the water front -?
jf(al£zfyafilne>
Brings cheer to the despondent, slumber to the
sleepless, appetite and strength to the feeble,
the ated, the convalescent. Made by the An-
heuser-Busch Brewlnsr Ass'n, St. Louis, U. 8.
A., and sold by all druggists.
|EffBinUllUHBIUUB2.HHHHnHB.HBHnHBIg
i * * ¦
5 CLOAKS AND SUITS, g
1 1142-1146 Market Street, f
a - e
| Black and Colored Dress Goods. |
B ¦
*r fif ¥j jE Kh if Re ttn In I il cj fQ B"
I 1
I I
1 5OOO I
1 New and Stylish Skirts will be b
| placed on sale THIS MORNING at |
I prices to effecta SPEEDY CLEAR- 1
i ANCE. I
ES . B
a - ¦
a "" • b
Q H
Q 1200 LIKEN SKIRTS, value for 50c; sale price ...25c E3
B 1200 LINEN SKIRTS, value for 75c; sale price -~ 3Sc B
I 600 WHITE DUCK SKIRTS, value for 75c; sale price 35c |
I 600 WHITE DUCK SKIRTS, value for $1.00; sale price 50c §
g 400 NAVY BLUE DUCK SKIRTS, value for $1.00; sale price 50c §
g 100 NAVY BLUE EMBROIDERED SKIRTS, value for $1.75; sale 5
n price $100 H
g 100 LINEN SKIRTS, handsomely embroidered box pleats, value for S
§ $350; sale price $2.00 Q
H 100 LINEN SKIRTS, trimmed with folds, value for $3.00; sale price.. 5
n '• $ l -?s s
g 100 PLAID SKIRTS, value for $1.75; sale price $r.i 5 g
I 200 NAVY BLUE, GRAY AND TAN SKIRTS, value for $1.25; sale S
lj P" ce 75c e
g 200 WHITE PIQUE SKIRTS, handsomely braided, value for $1.50; |
h sale price $1.00 q
g 200 EMBROIDERED DUCK SKIRTS, value for $1.75; eale price.$i.oo §
13 LADIES' NOVELTY LINEN SKIRTS at 5
g $300, $4-oo, $500, $6.oo and $3*00 |
g LADIES' LINEN SUITS, at $1.50. $2.00, $3.00. $4.00, up to $8.00 ¦
H Ladies requiring such goods for seaside or country wear should take H
5 advantage of this sale. * ? ?
E3 B
PI We can positively state that they are the greatest bargains ever of- ¦
g frred in new and stylish goods. B
I S
1 1146 Market Street. . |
tSEBQBglBeeaiBMBgHBBBBBBMBHlBBBMlBBBBBBHMBBlBH
AMUSEMENTS.
Am I a Wiz? _You Bet I Am!
THIRTT-SBVEXTH -:- TTMB -:- TO-NIGHT
Of the Enormous Ccznlc Opera Triumph,
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE !
DraTrirs Crowded Houses Rigftt Alone.
Bucutoui at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES - - - - 25 and 60 cents
Teler-hone Bush 9.
LAST 3 NIGHTS!
Next Eat.— SPECIAL SOUVENIR MATINEE.
Bach iady attending will be presented with a
r>c cetr.nJete piano copy of one of the many
n.UEir-il hits in "The Evil Eye."
Charles M. Yale's Greatest Spectacle,
"THE EVIL EYE"
WJth It» Many Great Attractions.
TRICES— XiRht, 25c to tU Matinee 25c to 75c
Next Monday - - JOHN DREW
In "THE TYRANNY OF TEARS."
C Kigfctf— Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Peat Sale Now Progressing.
NOTE — All ordure lor Monday nleht Feats
ttof taken up by 6 p. m. to-morrow will be con-
eidTfd cancplcd.
4lf H EAT R eTM^
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND STTNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
E. H. SOTHERN'S
Most Successful Drama.
f^lAISTER OF
NEXT U/EEK-
THE BUTTERFLIES.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
O'FARRELL STREET.
LAMBAUDI GKAND OPERA QUARTET.
Pri«on Scene irein "FAUST," Big. Abramoff
«s ilepblrtophelee. Last Act "RIGOLETTO."
ICte — Admission — 10c Matinee Sunday.
t CONCERT HALL—THE C F. KAPP COMPANY
CONTTNCOtrS VACDEVILLE.
EVERT SIGHT! EVERT NIGHT!
Cakewalk contest every Wednesday nl^ht
AJJMIESION FREE.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALL NEW ! ALL NEW I
EVERY ACT A BIG HIT!
EZRA KENDALL;
CHARLES ULRICK; LOUISE GUNNING-
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET: THE MUSICAL
KLEISTS; "WILL E. BATES; MARK SUL-
LIVAN; BIOGHAPH.
MILTON AND DOLLIE NOBLES,
Reserved S«ats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. Me.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
PHONE MAIN B2.
SAN FRANCISCO INDORSES THE VERDICT
OF LONDON AXD NEW YORK.
The Greatest Musical Comedy Ever Written.
TILL FURTHER NOTICE!!
The Lady Slavey
IN PREPARATION-RICE'S "1492."
tEUAt. POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra, Saturday
v Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
ONLY | TIMES
THREE I mORE
OF MR. JAMES NEILL
And Company in
An American Citizen.
TO-NIGHT. TO-MORROW MATINEB AT 2:15
P. M. AND TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Next Week, Arthur .W. Pinero's Excruciatingly
Funny Comedy.
THE AMAZONS!
TBHEE MERRT " GIBLS a: THREE JOLLY BOYS,
CHUTES ANDj:00.^7 E A JSSr
BLADDER CONTEST ON THE LAKE
Al the Close of the Vaudeville Show.
CAKEWALK TOMORROW NIGHT.
Telephone for Seats, Park 23. *
CAMERA
..CRAFT..
THE, ONLY HiGH-CLAJi
PHOTOGRAPHIC JOUR.NAL
wlst or; %f0$ : g£
THE MUJIiilPPl
MUBJCRIPTION PRICE JI.3O A TEAR.
12O JUTTER. iTFLEET
JAN FRANCI JCO, CAL.
.ADVERTISEMENTS.LOCAL MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, May 17-2 d. m.
Bld.Ask. . Bid. Ask.
U S bonds— Eqult G L Co. 2»i 3
4s quar coup. .114^115 Mutual El Co. — H
4s do reg 114>*U5 O G L & II 4514 —
4s do cr> new..l33}il34^» ll'ac Gas Imp.. 45 —
Ss do coupon. ..lOs^lOV'-b Pac L Co 43»4 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.... 45% 48
Cal-st Cab 5s. .119 — San Francisco. 4U 4%
C C Water 6s. .107^4 — Stkn G.& E Co 10 " —
Ed L & P 6S..12S& — Insurance — ¦- '.,
F & Cl Ry 6s..lli> — Firem's Ftind.227V4 —
Geary-st Ji os. — 95 Bank Stocks —
H C & S 5'As.. — — Anplo-Cal Ltd. 65 66>A
Do 6s.. :..... .105 1C<3 Bank of Cal.. .405 — '
L A Ry 5s 104^103 Cal S D & T..104 -
L A L Co 6s... — — First National. — 290
Do gntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A 132>,<. —
Do gntd os.. 93H101 Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R 5s.lO2V>! — Nev Nat Bank — —
Market-st 6s. ..125% — Savings Banks-
Do 1st M 5s..lli%117?i|Ger S & L...1S0O —
NCNG n 7s. — 1H (Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cat 63.113 — jMut Sav Blc. 45ii —
N R of Cal 5s.ll6'i — S V Sav U... .505
N P C R II 6s.l01H102U'Sav L & So..'.. 74 7S
N P C R R us.107% — ¦ jtSec Sav. Bk... — —
N Cal It R 63.113 — IL'nlcn T Co.... — —
Oak G L&Hos.lll 1 Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 6s... 117 ll" 1^ California ....121V4123
Oak W Co 5s.. — — Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S Co..l06?i — Market-st Ry. — 63Vi
Om C Ry 6s...l27Vi — O S L &. H — 50
P & Cl Ry 6s.lO4Vi — Prrsidlo 16 —
p & O R R Cs.ll.V — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 6s.l20 — California ....160 170
Sa« L & G R3s — — Giant Con Co. — SOU
S F & S?JV os.llSVi— Vlgorit : ' 2V4 2f*
S Ry of Cal 6S.111U — " Sugar Stocks —
S P of A 6s. ...114 — Hana S P Co.. 8V4 8%
Do (19C5)..... — HO 1 ,* Haw C & S Co 87V4 90
Do (1906). ....111^113 Honokaa S Co. Zi% 32U
Do (1912)..... US!* — Hutch S P Co. 25*1 26
Do 1st eg 5s.. — — ¦ Kilauea S Co.. 'iOy. 21
S P Br Cs.....l-S',i — Makaweli S Co 47S 47Vi
S V Water CS..1HH — Onomea S Co.. 27H 2S "
S V Water 43. .103 103U Paauhau S Co. 30H 31
S V W (3d m).101 1 / jl02>ri * Miscellaneous— '
Stocktn Gas 6s 99 — ¦ Al Pack Assn.ll6T»117«
Water Stocks— jCal Fruit Asn 100>4
Contra Costa.. 70 <2 |Mer Ex Assn.. — 100'
Marln County. 50 — Oceanic S Co.. 92 93
Spring Valley.. 86 — Pac AF A.... 2 _
Gas & Electric— . Pac C BorCo..l4:> 155
Cent GL Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P.... 3U —
Morning Session.' ;
Board — .
110 Contra Costa Water 72 00'
65 Honokaa Sugar Co...... 323714
10O Makaweli Sugar Co, cash.. ,. 47 371?
$16,000 Market Street Railway 1st con 5s.. 117 50
$2000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds.. -.107 00 '
10 Pacific Lighting ................;.v...:. 43 '5
50 S F Gas & Electric Co. s 30.......;..; 46 25
.10 S F Gas & Electric Co......-..;....... 46 121J
CHICAGO. May 17.— The Earl Fruit Company
sold • California fruit, to-day at. auction as fol
lows: Cherries— Black Tartarians (boxes). ¦„ 70c
@$1 95, average $1 4S:- Blgereau, average $1 45-
Chapmans, average $1 64. M&5pft««^jta(jbg|
NEW YORK, May 17.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit:* Cherries from Vaca
vllle—Black Tartarians, 45c to $3 12V4, average
$1 CO box; Blgarreau, 40c to $1, average S8e;
Governor Wood, , average. 55c; Rockport, ¦ 55c to
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, May 17.— CATTLE— Receipts. 11,
600. Heavy steers, slow; others about steady;
butchers' etock. active, strong. Natives— Best
on sale to-day, two carloads at li 50; good to
prime steers, S5@7 50; poor to medium, $4 25®
4 90; selected feeders, $4 2535 10; mixed stock
ers, }3 75@4; cows, $3 10® 4 75; heifers, $3 23®
4 05: canners, $2 50®3 30; bulls. $3@4 35; calves
$4 60®6 75: Texans — Texas fed. steers, $4@4 23-
Texas bulls, $3 25®3 75. .
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 32,000; to-morrow,
19 0CO; estimated; left over, 6000. Average 5c
lower, closing weak; top, $5 62Vs : butchers' and
mixed. $5 la® 5 50; good to choice heavy, ?5 30
©5 52V4: rough heavy. $5 15® 5 25; light, $5 10&!
5 42Mr: bulk of sales, JS 35@5 45.
T-HEEP- Receipts, 10.COO. Sheep, elow to a
shade lower; lambs, about steady; good to
choice wethers. $5 23@5 40; fair to choice mixed,
$4 80@5 25; Western sheep, $5 25!?5 40; yearlings,
$5 50@5 90: native lambs, $5 40<j*7 33; Western
lambs, $6@7 35; spring lambs, VQS 50.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— '., July. Sept.
Opening ••••• 6 8H 6 8%
Closing 5 8H ¦ B 8V4
PARIS.-
Wheat— May. 1 Sept.-Dec
Opening 19 85 2145
Closing 19 85 2150
Flour— '
Opening 26 00 27 S5
Closing ....26 10 27 00
Chicago Livestock Market. •
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, UViQW^q
dairy. ,13#lSV4c. Cheese, dull; 8%@9%c. Eggs.
easy; fresh, 10%c. - .. v-
Dullness still prevails on the Bond Exchange.
The only changes on the morning session were
a decline In Contra Costa Wator to $72 ami
In Gas and Electric to $43 73. Th°re was noth
ing new In the afternoon.
The Bullion Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 3 cents.
The Homestake Mining Company has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of 25 cents
per share for April and an extra dividend of
25 cents, both payable May 25.
The Welsbach Light Company has declared
a dividend of SO cents per share, payable
June 23.
The Spring Valley Water Company will pay
a 'dividend of 42 cents on the 21st.
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company will
pay a dividend of 25 cents on the 21st.
Tho Central Light and Power Company will
pay a dividend of 5 cents on the 21st.
The California Powder Works Company will
pay a dividend of $1 on the 21st.
The Hawaiian Commercial ' and Sugar Com
pany will pay a dividend of 60 cents on the
25th. * __^__
EASTERN MARKETS
THE STOCK MARKET.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
steady; No. 3 spring, 61S64HC; No. 2 red 720
72',ic; No. 2 corn, 37»4!?3Sc; No. 2 Yellow, 3Sc;
No. 2 oats. 23@23V4c; No. 2 white, 27c; No 3
white, 2r.(325«4c; No. 2 rye, £3»ic; Rood feeding
barley. 37Q37ViC;» fair to i-haice. malting, 40V£@
42\tc; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 80; No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 SO; prime timothy seed. 12 40; mess pork, per
barrel, $10 5i@ll 75; lard, per 100 pounds $6 S5
@7 05: short rib3 sides, (loose), $6 53@6 80; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 6H@fi^c; short -clear
sides (boxed). $7 10@7 20; whisky, basis of high
v/Ir.es..$l 25; clover, contract grade, $7.
BOULOGNE— Arrived May 17— Stmr Spaarn
dam. from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
ROTTERDAM-Salled May 17-Stmr Pots
dam, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sal!«d May 17— Stmr La Gas
cogne, for Havre; stmr Columbia, for Ham
burg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG— Arrived May 17— Stmr Eata
vla. from New York, for Hamburg: stmr Kai
ser Frederich. from New York, via Plymouth,
for Hamburg.
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 17— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York. ¦
HAMBURG— Sailed May 17— Stmr BelgrsvU.
for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
ESQUIMALT— Arrived May 17— Haw stmr
Honolulu, from Kaichow.
CARDIFF— Arrived May 16— Br ship Princi
pality, from *»ortland.
BIRKENHEAD— Arrived May 17— Br ship
Houghomont hence Jan 4.1
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 15— Jap stmr Man.
yo Mam. from Seattle.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May JO— Br
stmr Monmouthshire, from Oregon.
Sailed May 14— Br stmr Empress ot Japan, for
Vancouver.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 16— Stmr Finance,
for Colon; stmr Alllanca, for Colon.
EASTERN PORT.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 17— Br stmr Ener
gta. from Yokohama. •
EUREKA— Arrived May 17— Stmr Samoa, hao
May 15.
Sailed May 17— Schr Serena Thayer. for San
Pedro: stmr North Fork, for San FVandsco;
schr Fortuna. for San Francisco.
Arrived May 17 — Stmr Pasadena, from Saa
Pedro.
VENTURA — Arrived May 17-Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
SEATTLE— Sailed Mav 14— Schr Falcon, for
Cape Nome. May 17 — Schr Wlnslow. for Nome;
schr Ruby A Cousins, for Nome.
Arrived May 17 — Stmr Santa Ana. hence May
11; stmr Chas Nelson, hence May 13; stmr Hum
boldt. from Skasuay.
Sailed May 17— Schr Spokane, for Cape Nome.
May 1*— Schr A M Campbell, for Cape Nome.
Arrived May 17— Stmr Senator, hence May 14.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 16— Schr Mawee
ma, from Seattle.
Sailed May 17— Schr Wm Renton. for Tacoma:
echr Azalea, for San Diego.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May lft-Shlp
Chas E Moody, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 16 — Schr Bangor. from Vancou
ver for Ballard. to load for St Michael.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 17— Stmr Tilla
raook. hence May IS.
MENDOCINO— Sailed May 17— Stmr Point
Arena, for San Francisco.
CASPAR — Arrived May 17 — Stmr Cleone,
hence May 16.
SPOKEN.
May 1. lat 3 N. Ion 27 W— Fr bark Gen Nen
mayer. hence Feb 11. for Queenstown.
POINT LOBOS. May 17. 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Thursday. May 17.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Orizaba, Thomas, Port Townsend.
htmr San Pedro, Zaddart. Nome.
Stmr Whltesboro, Olsen, .
Br skip Tinto Hill. Dccherty. Talcahuano.
Bktn Morninsr Star. Graham. St MlchaeL
Schr Sadie. Smith. I'msqua.
Schr Del Norte. Allen. Portland, etc.
Schr Glen. Wilson. Blsbvs Landing.
Barge Santa Paula, Nielsen. San Pedro, la
tow of hie Rescue.
SAILED.
Thursday. May 17.
Stmr Alameda. Von Oterendoro. Sydney and
Honolulu: J I> SDreckels A Bros Ox
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria: O R &
a Co.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart, Cans Noas; Caps
Nome Steamship Co.
CLEARED.
ARRIVED.
Thurs<Say. May 17.
Stmr Greenwood. Fasrerlund, 63 hours from
Port Los Anselea.
Stmr Willamette. Ilansen. 73 hours from Se
attle. «_
Stmr Emclra, Macgenn. 45 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Walla Walla, Hall. 61H hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey.
Schr Maxim. O'.sen, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Orient, Sanders, 13 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Nyman, S Aays from Coos
Bay.
Schr J Epplnger, Nyrsan, 13 hours from Stew
arts Point.
CHICAGO, May 17.— Trade In wheat through
out the session was about as quiet as a Quaker
meeting. The opening was firm because Liv
erpool was a little higher, but later the weather
conditions pointed to rain In the thirsty North
west and the ideas concerning the present
wheat value shrank somewhat. July opened
unchanged at 66Si«667»c, touched 66:4c, turned
tail and slid down to 66V4c. with very little
support. Traders were Inclined to agree with
the Price Current's opinion that the past week
had been with a few exceptions favorable to
the crop. July firmed up somewhat during the
last half hour in sympathy with corn, closing
at 06V;C, a loss of *' 5 c to Me from yesterJay.
The corn market was somewhat irregular,
there being spots of weakness and others of
strength. The opening was firm on higher
cables, but shortly afterward turned weak,
many selling in sympathy with the wheat de
cline. Later, after various demonstrations, the
price was carried back to where it was at the
close, last night. July closing unchanged, at 3ic
Oats followed corn throughout. The trading
was very narrow. July closing unchanged.
Provisions oDened lower because hog receipts
were large and prices at the yards softer, but
held steady after the first concession, there be
ing a fair demand and a better export inquiry
July pork closed ~\^c under yesterday, lard a
shade lower and ribs unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
Levl Strauss (owner) with W. L. Holman
(contractor), architect Albert Pissls— 1 passen
eer. 2 frelsht and 2 sidewalk elevators and 1
dumbwaiter for building on lot on E line of
Battery street. 30 S of Pine. S 62:11 2-3 by E
Emma C. D. Meyer (wife of H. F.. owner)
with Carl Schutt (contractor), architect H
Gellfuss— Carpenter and mill work, excavating'
brickwork, etc., :for a 2-story 'frame building
(store and flat) on lot on N W corner of Dolores
and Twenty-second streets, N 25:11 by W 95
$3100. ' . '.-¦.¦¦
Builders' Contracts.
Frank L. and Mary C. Johnson to Horn*
Building Company, lot on E line of Wheeler
avenue. 105 S of Lloyd. 8 23 by B 122. being
lot 22 in subdivision F. Fruitvale Terminal
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Emlle A. and Josephine F. Brugulere to Wal
ter M. Axtell. lot on SW corner of Washington
street and Merrill avenue, W 143 by S 123,
Brooklyn Township; $1.
\ntonie M. Stewart to Mary L. Jackson. lots
12 and 13, block 14, Warner Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
H. J. and Amelia Jacobsen to Maria G. de
Sllva. lot 2, block 13, E.«tudiilo Tract, San Le
andro. Eden TownshJD; $10.
State Savings Bank of Oakland to William
and Lizzie Conrad, lot on SE line of Howe
street, 210 NE of Bopth, NE 30 by SE 125, be
ing lot 14, block F. map of Thermal Hill, for
merly the Howe Tract. Oakland; $10.
Patrick J. and Mary E. Keller to Martha J.
Wingett. lot 14 and SE 10 feet of lot 13. map of
Keller's Rose Park. Oakland: $10.
William and Roxa E. Klllow to Mary Wlll
mott (wife of Charles), lot on S line of Rus
sell street. 132.11 W of Adeline, W 49. S 118.99.
NE 47:11 1-3. N 94.41 to beginning, being lot 4.
block 12. Central Park. Berkeley; $3. ¦
Frank McAllister to Lillian G. Adams, lot 14.
block 5, on amended map of blocks 5 and 6.
Barker Tract. Berkeley (quitclaim deed): $1.
Lillian G. and George R. Adams to James L.
Drum, lot on N line of Has\e streej^OO W of
Mllvia. W 50 by N 133, being lot 14. block 6.
on amended map of blocks 5 and 6, Barker
Tract. Berkeley: $100.
Charles E. and Miriam F. Bancroft to Otto
Rohde. lot 22, block D, Jaynes Tract,* Berke
ley; $1430.
Benjamin and Elizabeth B. Bangs to Emily
E. McColl. lot on W line of Benvenue avenue
100 S of Parker street. S 40 by W 139.44. being
the S half of lot 33 and the N half of lot 34
map of Hillegass property. Berkeley: $300.
Frederick Ryer to Florence E. Berry. lot on
S line of Durant avenue. 194 W of Ellsworth
street. W 50 by S 130, portion of lot 3, block
13. map of property of College Homestead As
sociation, Berkeley: 51C0O.
Daniel D. and Annie Hayes to Jacob Vosel.
lot on NE corner of Fruitvale avenue and
Bellevue street. N SO, E 1S2.05. SW 91.95 W
1S0.42 to beginning, being lot 2. Bellevue Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $330.
Same to Peter J. Thorsted. lot on'E line of
Fruitvale avenue. $0 N of Bellevue street? N
80. SE 1S7.40. S W ' 7l.<>3, W 1S3.65 to be«lnnln 3 .
being Jot 1. same: $3.'0. *
T. a Coosan (trustee estate of Adelaide B
Ewlng) to S. Howard Ewlng. lot on NW corner
of Central avenue and Eleventh street W 97 •»
by N 7t. portions of Iot3 1. 2 and 3. Vlscher
Tract. Alameda: also property In town of
Hueneme. county of Ventura; $1.
Mary B. and Alfred W. Beadle to John Hln
kcl, lot on N line of Central avenue, 300 E of
Chestnut street. E 50 by N 207 :G. being lot 7
block 7. Stewart Tract. Alameda: $10.
Alameda County.
Jamea L. and Mary C. Barker to John w.
Dolllver. lot on S line of Green street. 175 W
of Pierce. W 25 by S 100; $10.
Lydla B. Hubiey to I. C. Scharff, lot on "W
line of Belcher street, 100 N of Fourteenth. N
25 by W 125: $200.
Fannie or Fanny S. Arnhelm to Laura Arn
heira. lot on W line of Florida (Columbia)
street, 104 S of Twentieth, S 33 by W 100; gift.
Maria Suter, Sophie Herington (duter, wife of
C. H.), William P. and Mildred Quam (Hodg
ton) to G B. and Catherine Dondero, SW cor
ner 50-vara lot 617. N 22.. E 46:9. SB to point,
W 63:1; $10. . i.
Catherine, William T., John J. and George
H. Sesnon to Mary A. Austin, lot on \V corner
of Clara and Rltch streets, SW T5 by N'W 37:6;
also lot on S corner of Clara and Rltch streets.
SW 75 by SE 50; also property outside county;
gift
John E. Sharp to Fred W. Macfarlane, lot
on SW corner of Fifth, and Berry streets, SW
91:3 by SE 2*5; Jo.
Estate of George F. Sharp (by John Hunt,
executor) to same, same; $32,000.
Honora Sharp to same, sama (quitclaim deed);
55
A. Mecartney to Susana Lowe, lot on E line
of Potrero avenue, 75 N of Fifteenth (El Dora
do) street, thence 33:0% (33%) SE 73:5. 3E 17:1.
E 105. S 12:6, W 100, S 4. N 100; $15.
William J. and Helen Shepman to William J.
Gann, lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 100 S of
Clement street. S 50 by W 120: $10.
Franklin W. and Jane E. Putnam to Evereth
Smith lot on W line of Tenth avenue. 108:3 N
of C street. X 36 by W 120: $10.
Charles H. and Rebecca J. Boone (Gordan) to
A. B. Southard, lot on E corner of Unadilla
and San Jose avenues. SE 45* NE 443. NW 416,
SW 451, block 20, West End Map 1; $10.
Mary E. Pleasant to same, same; $10.
Jane N. Eykes to James B. Sykes. lot on N
line of Minerva street. 225 E of Plymouth. E 50
by N 125- $10.
Frederick E. and Walter Magee to Louis G.
and Mary J. Bergren, undivided two thirds of
lot on £ i:ne of Rlchland avenue. 150 W of Mis
sion street. W 25 by S 100, block E, French &
GUman Tract: $10.
. Lucius K. Wllmerdlng and Henry W. Payna
to same, undivided one third of same; $10.
John N. Kenney to Eureka Glue Company
(corporation), lot on S corner of Eighteenth
avenue and G street. SE 237.95. W 220.82. NW
1S6, NE 2C0. block 361. Hunter Tract; $1000.
Eureka Glue Company (corporation) to Martin
Holje. same; $10.
James B. Sykes to Mabel Mltrovlch, lot on N
line of Minerva street. 2C5 E of Plymouth. E 50
by X 123, block T, Railroad Homestead Xo. 2;
$10.
Edward and Harriet I*. Simons to C. E. Faut,
undivided half Interest in lots 1 to 14. block S,
Ploche &. Robinson Subdivision; $10,000.
X. J. and Emma F. Benson to Amos M. Beat.
lot on E line of Stanyan street. 200 N of
Eighteenth, N 25. E 150:5, SE 25:0%. W 14S:3H,
lot 14, block 4, Subdivision l. Clarendon Heights;
$1500.
Charles and Ada Bush to Harry Bush. lot on
N line of Eddy street. 25 E of Franklin E :«
by N 120; »L
City and County of San Francisco to William
E. Hopkins, lot on XE corner of Turk and
Gough streets. E 137:6 by X 137:6; .
Marcus H. and Alice A. Hecht to Morris S.
Lowenthal, lot on N line of Washington street.
130:6 W of Buchanan. W 25:3 by N 127:6: $10.
G. B. and Catherine Dondero to John and
Mary Dondero, lot on SW corner of 50 vara lot
517, thence E 65:1, NW along Montgomery ave
nue to a point W 46:9, S 22: $10.
Charles L. and Virginia M. Patton to Bertha
Dettllng. lot on W line of Utah street. 50 N
of Seventeenth (Santa Clara), >.* £0 by W 100;
$10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Cherries are selling off fairly, though some
stock is carried over • every day. -Apricots are
coming In more freely. Peaches, Cherry. Plums
and Apples make a 'meager showing. Rasp
berries and Blackberries continue to arrive
sparingly. - - .;, ,; -
-DECIDUOUS FRUITS— * I
.-Strawberries from Watsonville came : In late
and badly shaken up" and were > slower of sale
In consequence.
APRICOTS-From Vacavllle. 6oc@Jl 23 per
box. Receipts ; were 298 boxes.- ~ ¦ .
APPLES— TIC'S $3 per box; Green Apples, 65®
SSe'per box. -• .--..<•¦' . -¦ , : ,. , .'-...¦ ¦ -.',-;
STRAWBERRIES— $3^5 : per chest ; for large
All descriptions remain as before quoted, and
the market Is well supplied and f eaturless. -V
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17}£@18c; seconds.
17c. ¦ ¦ -:".'•..-'-. •¦*,
Dairy— Fancy, I6ffl6%c;. good to choice. 14®
35Hc; common, 13V£ev
CHEESE— New. 7H@8Hc; Young America, 9®
S'/ic; Eastern. lBQ'lTc: Western; 15@16c per lb.
EGGS- Quoted at 13@14c for store and 14Q16C
per dozen for ranch." •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There Is considerable unsold Eastern on the
market, which is kept dull In consequence.
. POULTRY— Live Turkeys, . ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 50©l 75; Goslings. $1.5001 75; Ducks. $4 50@5
for old and $3 50tff« for young: Hens, $4@5;
Young Roosters, $0 50@6 50; Old Roosfrs. $1 25
@4 50; Fryers, $1 60@5; Broilers, $3 50@4 for
large and $2^3 for Email; Pigeons, SI 75@2 per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal. , -"-;¦-' ¦'¦¦¦/" .r ; . ¦¦';•*-
Poultry and Game,
POTATOES— Hurhankn. 4Q(£?K5e per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 60<f?73c; | New Potatoes, 50c@$l 25
in sacks and ";c@$l 50 In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, S5c@$l per ctl; Austra
llon. $4<g5 50 rer ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb,' 40c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, 25cQJl per box for No. 2 and Jl 23
01 00 for No. 1 and $1 75 for fancy large;
Green Peas. 73c<i?$l per sack for common and
$1 25 for Garden: String Beans, 2<?3V4c; Refu
gees. 4®4'/2C: -Wax Beans, 2H*?4c: Horse Beans,
&O"5j75c per sack: Cabbage. 40(J?50c: Tomatoes,
$1@1 75 i Egg Plaint from Los Angeles, lOig'U^c;
Dried Okra. 32',4c per lb; Green Peppers from
Los Angeles, 6igSc for Chile and 10@15c for
Bell: Dried Peppers. S<glOc; Carrots, 25@35c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, $l"ijl 25 per
box; Vacavllle do, $1: Cucumbers, 40(g > 75c per
dozen for hothouse and $1 75@2 per box for
Marysvllle; new Garlic, 5S6c per lb.
Supplies of Potatoes are Increasing and
prices are declining. Onions stand about the
same. There Is nothing new In Vegetables.
Receipts were 722 boxes Asparagus, 418 boxes
Rhubarb, 437 sacks Peas, 578 sacks and 2040
All markets under this head are dull and fea
tureless.
BEANS— Bayos, $3®3 20; small White, $3 25@
3 45; large White, *3 10@3 20; Pink, $2 50®2 90-
Red, $3 25?; 3 50; Blackeye, $3 50@4; Butters
nominal; Lima, $3 25@5 30; Pea, $3 40@3 60; Red
Kidneys. $4^4 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 90® 2 20; Canary. 3Hc
per lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2^ig3c; Hemp, 4@4V4c;
Timothy, 4@4Vic. . • ¦ : -„
DRIED PKAS— Niles, |1 90@2 25; Green, \\ 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables..
Beans and Seeds.
The stagnation In new Hay" continues and
everything received has to be bid In by the
commission merchants. Old Hay Is steady
Feedstuffs stand the same.
BKAN— $12 604il3 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17®20 per ton.
"FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing
|27 EOiftlS; Cocoanut Cake, $20@2l; Corn Meal'
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed. $15 50'
Cottonseed Meal, nominal. .
HAY — Wheat, $7®3 for common to good* $3 50
@10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7@9; Oat
$6@8; Barley. $o@7; Alfalfa. $i@7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY-14 E0fl6 per ton.
STRAW— 25® 37V4C per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. 13 40$ 3 50; Oregon
and Washington. %2 25®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUKFS— Prices in sack* are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. {2 75; Rye
Meal. 12 50; Rice Flour. V; Corn Meal, 12 50;
Oat Groats. S4 50: Hominy, $3 2r.f?3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4S?4 C5; Cracked -Wheat. J3 2E-;
Farina. J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, J3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6Q7 25; in sacks, $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 £0 per
ICO lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL DOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— Xo sales.
Peeond Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— December — 10,000 ctls, 70c:
6000, 70HC.
OATS— Rather more Inquiry is reported. Tho
Government has Just taken 1CC0 tons up north
for Manila and there Is some demand' here
for the Orient. Still, there is no activity, and
quotations remain unchanged.
White. Jl luy. 1 su; «eu, «i«l 20; Gray, $1 07U
@1 15: Black, *14tl 07^.
CORN— Eastern large yellow, $1 15@1 17# per
ctl; Eastern white, $l<gl 10 per ctl.
RYE— 95S9"Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
12.000 ctls. 99-^c.
Second Session— December— 20CO ctls, 99%c.
Regular Morning Session — December — 600U ctls,
99%c; 4000, 99V4c; €000, 99^ic.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 99c;
2000, 93^c.
BARLEY — The new crop has appeared, 340
ctls of brlgrht choice Feed arriving from Tracy,
consigned to M. Blum & Co., who auctioned It
off on 'Change at 7oc per ctl. It Is the earliest
arrival of the new crop ever known. .Other
wise there is nothing new to report, the mar
ket remaining dull.
>'eta. '.Z'nc tor No. 1 and 67%@70c for oK
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 75© &2Hc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES,
WHEAT — L!\-erpool spot was quiet and easy,
but Liverpool and Paris futures were firmer.
Chicago was weak and dull, with traders free
sellers. The market had no support.
The local market declined on call, but quota
tions in the open market stood the same.
fjioi fWiTiii-- .rmi>piiiji. «/'..,« a* :*>.. ti»i«/ng. 9Z\
©9«%C.
Wheat and Other Grains
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — J4 85H
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 &9V*
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange. slf?ht — 15
Vetv Ynrk Exchanitc telegraphic — 1"'/4
Fine .silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Uollurs 4SH *<
Exchange and Bullion.
NOTE — In th* above exposition of U*» tides
the early morning; tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of th« day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
Riven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slgrn (— ) precedes the helsrht.
and then the number given, Is ¦nbtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Js the mean of the lower low waters.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. May 17.-Th* demand for rail
road stocks, which has sr^vfn ttrength to the
markft for a number of days past, has been |
fBt;s£ed crfl prices f^l! back to-day in that de- ]
partment <">f the etock l!?t. This is accepted ;
In Wall Ftr^f-t as confirmation of the view that
d'Trar.d came from an outstanding fthcrt'lntei-
in the CtTcst and w&u not ba»-«d on any un
iderljinfr condlti'-o in the companies whosw?
Btocks wrm afTected or In business at laree.
The market iljiwed itself as Indifferent to-day
to one or two favorable factors which developed
at It was yesterday to any depressing influ
«iwf. The outvide public remains jirofoundiy
tndifTerent to the stock market find commission
houee burin»>ss has fallen to practically nothing.
Humors of th*> same kind as thr>r-e which served
th* purjif^e of the bulls \ester<lay continued to
circulate. su<~h as that Union Pacific or Penn
sylvania were to i*cure control of Burllncton !
or AtchiEun preferred was tp receive Its full
dividend or new millionaire Interests were to
lie reorescnted in Missouri Pacific, but all of
thf-se stories were hoard with languid Interest
and prices continued to drocp. In the Industrial
litt the losses In prices were not such a passive
matter. American Tcbarco was under severe ':
X'retsjsure y.'l day on account of circumstantial !
assertions o* the organization of formidable '
competition. The- stock lest over 6 points, clos
ing £t tl.e lowest. Sugar suffered from reports
that the trade was to sfsumi> a more acute
ftare. People's Gas continued under pressure
liy the professional element amon« the traders.
An advance in the price of copj>e.r was respon
forn» sentimental effect on the stocks of other
metal ccmranies. The stocks in that trroup
Tvere dull and the movement very uncertain,
the news concerning the Iron tra^e continulne
generally untavorable. Beth the Bank of Eng
land and the Bank of France made stronz
weekly returns and the money conditions in
Ixtndon and Paris showed relief accordingly.
The probability of other gold exports from here
Is thus rtin-.inished. The local money market
continued Aery easy ar.d It is evident that the
e '¦',•'. export has been offset by gains from other
sources.
The bend market was decidedly duM. but
showed some advances. Total sales, par value.
fl.€4$.000. United States bonds were unchanged
in bid citations.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share* - Closing
*o!d. bid.
12,«t3 Atrhison 26
S4.7£S Atchison prefd 70",
7 075 BsJtlmore & Ohio 75*i
«:>nadaian Pacific 9O;
KX> Canada Southern £2V, :
1 325 O»-sat»\-Ucf: A: «^hlo 27S
1C0 Chicago Great W.stern Ijij
21,0^0 C H & Q l»M'
Chic Ind & Iyou;« 22H
Chic lnd '&. Louis prefd t2 1
'00 Chic & Kast I!!Inols 100 '
; Chic & Northwestern 153\j ,
4 411 Chic R"ck Island & Pacific 106%
'?.& CCC4 St I M',
VjO Colorado Southern €
Colorado Southern 3s prefd 40^
K.» Colorado Suuttiern 2d prefd 16>i
21S Delaware A- Hudson 113>< .
100 Pe! Lack & Western 176
200 Denver & Rio Grande 1S»4
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 03',
»....-... Erie ...". 1 "W
<(W Erie 1st prefd :. 3e>;
ISO Great Northern prefd 15Us
t. Hoclclns Coal J4
.„.,.; Hocking Valley 28
:K« Illmcis Central 112%
2fi0 Iowa- Central 16'*
100 Iowa Central prefd 4$
Kan City Pitts & Oulf J"'4
tlO Lake Erie &. Western SS%
NEW TORK. May 17. — The Commercial Ad-.
vertlser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
WASHINGTON. May 17.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of •redemption, shows: Available cash,
balance, $142,177,507; gold. $72,405,785.
Lake Erie & Western prefd M
Lake Shore 103
SCO Louisville & Nashville 80H
4.635 Manhattan L 90
4,790 Metropolitan St Ry 15U4
Mexican Central 12%
SOO Minn & St Louis 62>4
100 Minn & St L prefd 100
14.GD0 Missouri Pacific 146
1C0- Mobile & Ohio 40'4
Missouri Kan & Texas 10*i
400 Missouri Kan &. Texas prefd S3 1 *
250 New Jersey Central 116 s *
SC3 New York Central 131
2.4S0 Norfolk & Western S5*i
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 77
9.470 Northern Pacific 5S%
1.44S Northern Pacific prerd 73* 4
1.150 Ontario & UVstern 2li 4
Oregon Ry & Xav 42'
Oregon Ry & Nav prefd 76
8,374 Pennsylvania l's^i
225 Reading 17
8.100 Reading 1st prefd 554
40u Reading Id prefd 2TV3
Rio Grande Western 66
Rio Grande Western prefd S74
ISO St Louis & San Fran 10H
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66
1.S55 Rr Louis & San Fran Cd prefd 33V4
l"0 St Louis Southwestern 11
2. Op St Louis Southwestern prefd 28>4
lS.MO St Paul u 6 u
Bt Paul prefd "!!l72i,
St Paul & Omaha n»
7.3i>0. Southern Pacific 341^
1.270 Southern Railway .• 12s,
1.3'Xt Southern Railway prerd 55
1.100 Texas & Pacific . is?:
15. CUO Union Pacific 54
2.C70 Union Pacific prefd 73U
SOO Wabash .: ' *Z
1.P50 Wabash pre.'d ... "'" -MiT
230 Whaling & L E I ."\[Y.Y.]\l]\ *SU
.00 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 26V
6GS Wisconsin Central 15
Exr.ress Companies—
Adams 113
American .".."." ISO
United States " 45
Wells Fargo .V. .'.'." 117
Miscellaneous —
450 American Cotton Oil 341;
American Cotton Oil prefd SO
American Malting 3%
4<V3 American Malting prefd •<o'S
6U American Smelting & Refining S7^i
Am Smelting & Refining prefd S7*«
American Spirits 2\i
American Spirits prefd 17
COO American S:«?l Hoop 2l\
650 American Steel Hoop prefd 6«»i
.,550 American Steel & Wire 34».
1.S25 American Steel & Wire prefd 75U
450 American Tin Plate '. 23
100 American Tin Plate prefd 71
103,1*0 American Tobacco g6U
120 American Tobacco prefd 129
1.410 Anaconda Mining Co 43
9.ETS Brooklyn Rapid Transit '. «5*i
1,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 36*,
16.3*10 Continental Tobacco • 2">K
6,760 Continental Tobacco prefd 75
6.5S0 Federal Steel 3514
8M Federal Steel prefd....- €«
General Electric 134 i
200 Glucose Sugar \ 44^ i
Glucose Pugar prefd .*."!; 99 u
JOA International Paper 12 "
S12 International Paper prefd .' 63V4
Leclfvie Gas 55 j
SPO Xational Biscuit '.. 30^ j
National Biscuit ppefd . g'U
SOO National I^ead , lgi* !
200 National Lead prefd " % '
1.200 National Steel '. " 2W i
1,560 National Steel prefd '. J5U
17,0 New York Air BraL* 124
700 North American Hi;
200 Pacific Coast 49 |
Pacific Coast 1st prefd " SO I
230 Pacific Coast 2<J prefd 58
€10 Pacific Mall \. 29
7.64O People's Gas 9$
£JV) Pressed Ste^i Car 43U
fc.0 Pressed Ste*>l Car prefd 77
100 Pullman Palace Car El
200 Standard Rope & Twine 5*4 I
41,160 Sugar io«i^ I
200 Sugar prefd 109^ I
5.765 Tenness Coal & Iron "11^
1,121 United States Leather IO 7 4
660 United States Leather prefd 6S
200 United States Rubber 25%
100 United States Rubber prefd 93
f 25 Western Union ; 7314
E60 Republic Iron & Steel HH
400 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 65»i
P C C & St Louis 53'
160 Third Avenue 107V4
.437.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding, iM K & T 4s 82^
when issued 1029ijX Y Central lsts 111
U S 2s reg WUIN J Cent een 5s. .122
U S 3s reg lO&jN Carolina 6s 1274
U S 2s coup 10^ jN Can-illna 4s 106
U S new 4s reg....l33\ N Pacific 3s 67
U S new 4s coup..l33\, iX Pacific 4s 1O3V4
V S old 4s re* 114'.-i'N T Y C & S 1* 4s. ..107
U S old 4s coup..lI4Lfc'N & W con 4s P6%
U S 5s reg 112^'jN & W gen 6s \ll
U S 5s coup 112Vi '. Or Nav lsts 110
Dls of Col 3.65e. ...121 |Or Nav 4s 103%
AtchiKon gen 4s....l00V« Or Short Line 6i»..12<;
Atchison ad.1 4s ?SSOr S I,!n» con 5s.U(v,,
Canada So 2ds 107 Reading Gen 4s.... S7%
Ches & Ohio 4^5... 9SH R « W lsts 9SVi
Ches & Ohio 5s. ...116^ S L & I M con 5s..l04'*
C & NW con 7s. ...140 S L & S F gen 6s .124
C & NWSFdeb ts.120 St Paul cons l«S^ I
Chjro Terminal 4s.. S5 S P C & P lsts.. .122
d & n g ists 101 y. s p c ti p 5s.. ami
I> & R « 4E 9? Fo Railway 5s llli,
E T VaAGa lstf>..102y S| Stand R & T 6s.... 60 I
Erie General 4s... 72 JTenn new Bet ?s .. S6U '¦
F W & D C lsts.. 70 Tex & Pac lst«....114H !
Gen Electric »s....l20 'Tex & Pac 2ds 64 !
G.H & S A €s 110 iUnlon Pacific 4s.. 104T4 '
G II i S A 2d«....107 IWabash lsts 115 '
H i T C 5s lllViiWabash 2ds 102V4
H & T C con 6*.. .110 !West Shore 4s 112
Iowa Central lsts.. llo IWis Cent luts M)»i
K C P & G lstn.... 70'i Va Centuries 92
La new cons 4s....ins'i • Va deferred 9
L & X fni 4s 100U Colo & So 4s SS%1
M K &. T 2ds 6SV.iPo Pacific 4s S2?i
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15:Ontarlo " 50
Crown Point C7 Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 30Plymouth 10
Deadwood r 55: Quicksilver ISO
Gould & Curry LVQulcksilver prefd... 7 50
Hale & Norcross... 20 Sfierra Nevada. ....". 30
Homestake 50 00 j Standard 3 50
Iron Silver C6 Union Con is
Mexican 2S l Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS ANI> BONDS.
Money — 1 West Knd 9114
Call loans 3ff4 Bonds-
Time loans 3H@4Hj Atchlson 4s 8S14
Stocks— - . N E G & Coke 5s.. 64«4
Atchison 26 | Mining shares
do prefd 70%iAdventure 4
Am Sugar 106V»!AHouez Min Co 1%
do prefd 110 I Amalg Copper 87
BpII Telephone 303 Atlantic 23
Boston & Albany. .212 Boston & Mont 2S5
Boston Elevated. ..13S Butte & BoFton.... 61V4
Boston & Maine. ..193 iCalumet & Hecla..73O
C B & Q 12C%ICentennlal I6»i
Dora Coal 3SH;Franklin 13'
do prefd IIS jHumboldt 50
Fed Steel 33H'O«ceola fi2'4
do prefd 68 jParrot 4014
Fit chburg prefd.... 129 jQuincy 131
Gen F;iectric: 134UiPanta Fe Copper.. 4
Mexican Central... 1214 1 Tamarack 173
Old Colony 207 Iftah Mining 26*1
Old Dominion loXijWlnona 3
Rubber 28Vi j Wolverines 37U
Union Pacific 54»»|
Neiv York Money Market.
NEW TORK. May 17.— Money on call, easier
et 1HQ2 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent; prime
mercantile peper. 3%©4'.4 per cent; sterling ex
change easy, with actual business In bankers'
hills at U fe8 for demand and ?4 &i\®* SZ for
60 days: lxssted rate*. U 83S4 SSVt and *t 89
commercial bills. $4 8<@4 S4Vi; silver certlflcate-
COS^lic; bar silver. 60c; Mexican dollars. 47>4c;
Government bonds, steady; State bonds, in
active; railroad bonds, steady.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 17.— To-day 1 § statement
of the Treasury balances In the general, fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of 'redemption, shows: Available cash,
balance. *M2.177.S07; gold. $72,405,785.
Exports of Merchandise.
Export* ct rr.erchar.dise from this port during
the first four months cf the year were $15,441.
000, against $:0.C33.2!0 for the same time Iai>t
year, the leadlau lt*rr.« being as follows: To
AUartic ports. $3.OS7.25O: Great Britain. $4,493.
7<J; China. $l.<:5.400; Japan, J1.44S.J00; Ha
waiian Islands. $4,S20.200; Australia. S522.0&O:
Mexico, 1524,000; Central America. $519,400.
Additional Manifests.
In addition to ttt cargo previously reported
the etcarr.er Queen, which called on Wednesday
for Victoria, carried merchandise valued at
J3i:4. including 450 Fks ealt. 343 pkgs fruit,
Cti pkgs groceries. 431 pkgs vegetables, etc.
Merchandise for Australia.
The steamer A'.ameda. which sailed yeeter
flay for Australia, via Honolulu, carried a
cargo cf assorted merchanilse valued at $114,
t/$. as follows: Australasia. J107.224; Honolulu.
SZZiZ; South Sea Islands. fiCC'j. The principal
ehlyments were as follows:
For Australasia— ZZ>i cs salmon. 477 cs car.aed
fruit, 'ZZ cs canned vegetables. 103 cs canned
tish. 3C>C< bx« evaporated apples, 1S13 pkgs dried
fruit. :S Ijxs raisins. SS3 bags coffee. «73 pkgs
metal poMfh, C3 cs paints. 5 bbls 25 cs lubricat
ing oil, hO8 rolls j:.ar.er, 5 bales 6ole leather, IS
pk£l o:I clothlr.g, 141 bales hops, 40 cs con
fectionery, 4^91 tr-et spruce lumber, 4*?.M2 feet
pine lumber. IS cs photograph goods. 5 cs
phonograph goods. IS pkes electrical goods. 17
pkgs sewing machines, f.00 gals whale oil. 24
rksrs bottled beer. So bbls casings, 1S00 pkgs
rolled oats, 3 pkgs pumps. 54 balfs overalls.
41.SS0 ibs Germea, 36 cs bocts and shot's. 14
bxs clothing, 1 gasoline engine, 10 cs inks, IS
c* books. C>> cs bikps and part.«. £2.430 Tbs blue-
Btrue. ZiZZ tout, £2 bxs scales, 11 bxs show
cases. 26 rkps tables. 10 pkgs incubators, 12
pkgs machinery, 1-1 pkps drugs, etc.
For Honolulu— 30.OXi cigars, 10 bbls and 75
cs whisky. 10 bbls gin. etc.
For South £ea Is'.ar.ds — IS9 cs salmon. 30 bbls
flour. € cs whisky. 272 tins bread. H.210 feet
pin* lumber. I5."rt fe»t redwood lumber. &50
mats rice, 130 pkps groceries, £9 rkgs building
Uiatcrlal, Z" cs canned goods, etc.
Weather Report.
(123th Meridian— Pacific TUne.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 17-6 p. m.
The fbDowlBK are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, ejs compared with those of rune date last
eeason. and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
Last This LaEt
Stations — 24 hours, season, teason.
Eureka 0.C0 4S.5S 33.35
Red Bluff 0.00 C2.S7 20. OS
Sacramento 0.00 20.28 14.07
tan Francisco O.00 18.42 16.00
1'rwr.o 0.C0 10.14 7.18
Ir.dependenee 0.00 3.6« Ml
Sar. Luis Obiypo 0.00 17.30 16.41
Los Angeles QM ~.%% 6.01
San Difcgo 0.00 5.38 4.96
Tuna 0.09 1.29 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
6S; minimum, W; mean, 68. *
WEATHSB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally fair weathr-r prevails over the Pa.
ciflc eiopo. Light scattering rain is reported
from the Rocky Mountain regicn.
The pressure is highest off the "Washington
coast ar.d lowest in the upper Slissourl Valley.
The t.arorr.eter Is falling over the country west
of the Kocky Mountains and rising to the east
of them.
The temperature has generally risen over tile
Pacific sKpe and fsilen in the Rocky Mountain
recicn. The temr^rature in the Interior val
l*>yg of California is from 6 to Yi degrees above
th* nirmal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours eiwilnc midnisrht. May IS. 1900:
Northern California— Fair Friday; fresh west
wind.
Southern California— Fair Friday; light north
weM v.inil.
Nevada— Fair, wanr.fr Friday.
Utah — Fair, wanr.^r Friday.
Arizona— Fair Friday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fulr Friday, with
fog FrttJay night; fresh northwest wind.
O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. May U.-Tradlng was not very
active in the market for metals to-day. Tin
started firmer In answer to better cables than
anticipated, but later reacted partially influ
enced by large receipts and a reaction in Lon
%°<!t-J£?- cl0 , Ee , w l s qulet and easler at w so
Q23— 30®4j points above the previous day's clos
ing. Lake copper continued very dull at un
changed prices. $16 S7H being officially quoted
at the close. Lead also ruled dull and un
changed at $3 97%<g'4 024. Sp-lter though quiet
was 2H points higher on a good export de
mand, closing at $J 50@4 524. Pig iron war
rants were weak and nominally unchanged at
$1< h, or i h _ ern Xa 1 foun <iry. weak and un
settled. The brokers' pric© for lead was $3 SO
and for copper $16 75.
,^ ere waa a moderate demand noted for
i~,,« trades of evaporated apples owing to
)Zi u , advic " the country. The rest of
f^ J "mains quiet, but about steady,. Of
ferings were liberal, however, which served
<!T 1 TP a S l v' I1 D lterlal advance In prices.
«SSv2^ EVAPORATED APPLES-Common.
7^Isc' prtm *' B *® 6c J choice. 6*i@7c; fancy.
*Io» I t F £5o" IA DhlED PRUNES-3%@7c.
PEACHES— Peeled. lefriOc; unpeeled. 7@9c.
New York Metal Market.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. May 17.-FLOUR-Rece!pts,
*o23; exports, 16.S97; neglected and barely
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 269,769; exports. 353,956.
Spot, easy; No. 2 red. 76-40 elevator; No. 2
red, ,9Hc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 75Hc r. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard Duluth. 76!ic f. o. b afloat. Options
opened steady on crop news, but developed sub
sequent weakness under disappointing English
cables, late predictions of rain in spring wheat
States and local realizing. Clcied easy at «4o
decline. May closed at 70^c; July. 71 13-16®
.-•4c. closed at 71Tfcc; September, 72 11-160
73 3-16c, closed at 72»ic.
HOPS— Steady.
WOOL— Dull.
HIDES— Quiet.
r,£° I T EE ~ 0ptlon8 close< l nrm at 5®10 points
net advance: total sales. 1250 bags. inchYdlng
ft?fL'S?A er « *,1 70> f nd De «mber. *'• Spot cof
f7;£ t0 ' dul1 and unchanged.
!Y£4£o Ra > w ' 8tead y: renned. quiet.
BLTTER-Itecelpts,- 5405 packages; firm;
Western creamery, l«H@20c.
EGGS-ReceiptP. 13.3*27 packages; dull and
teS£wS®5?-S* mark> e; regu!ar pack -
Sun rises.' 4:57
Sun sets 7:15
Moon rises.... 10:S5 p. in.
FRIDAY. MAY 13.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. - ¦+¦
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at T
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places. '
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. 3. N.. Mer
rhnnt."' Kxchange, San Kranclsco. Cal..
May 17. 1900.
The time ball on the tcwer oi the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. •.. at noon of the 12Cth meridian, cr at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, V. S. N., in charg*.
Time Ball.
A « ? n ' 2 I ; c * ntral Pacific. 96%: Union Pa
s'? 0 r pref ? r " d ' "5\: Northern Pacific preferred.
• 6, Grand Trunk. t%; Anacondas, 95. Bar sil
\er. steady, 27 9-16d per ounce. Money. 2@2Vi
CLOSING.
The market h?re was firm to-day, encouraged
by the war news, decided improvement being
recorded In Westralians, where the dreaded
failures were averted. Other favorable in
fluences were extreme easy money and the
strong bank return. Americans were bought
throughout the session, the Continent assist
ing. Dividend expectations was the chief in
fluence. London wanted Atchlson issues for
this season. Tlntos spurted sharply on pur
chases by English bears, who were discouraged
by the fortnightly statistics. New York bought
Anacondas here. Discount houses reduced de.
posit rates one-half and there was some talk
of a -reduction next week of the bank rate,
it is Improbable, however, that this will be
done while the war lasts. The Bank of Ben
gal reduced its discount rates from 6 to 5 per
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Flour.- qrsks 21,634 Sugar, sks 2,730
Wheat, ctls 3.230 Hay. tons 2S7
Barley, ctls 5.125 Wool, bales 5<!
Oats, ctls 330 Qulcksilvr, . flasks 9t
Corn, ctls.. 2S0 Leather, rolls 109
Butter, ctls 4S8 Eggs, doz 21,120
Cheese, ctls 86 Sugar, bbls....... 187
Potatoes, sks 3.000 Pelts, bdls .... 46
Onions, sks 1,195 Hides, Xo 189
Middlings, ska.. 270 Wine, gallons..... 50.050
OREGON.
Flour, qr Bks l,3-tS|Dats, ctla 770
a.
FOR THURSDAY. MAT 17.
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Uc; Wool Bags. 28H@32i4c:
Fleece Twine, 7V4e.
COAL— Wellington. JR per ton: now "Welling
ton, $S; Southfleld Wellington, $S; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $3:
Co-operative Wallsend, $s; Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and $1* 25 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $1»; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $16
per ton in bulk and $18 In sacks; Castle Gate
aiTl K*w*k Srrines. $s «.i per 2'»w ;b*. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. o.BOc: Powdered.
5.20c; Candy Granulated, 5.20c; Dry Granulated.
5.10c: Confectioners' A. 5.10c: Magnolia A,
4.70c; Extra C, 4.60c: Golden C, 4.50c; barrels,
10c more; half- barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 73 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
inos, half-barrels. 5.85c; boxes, 6.10c per lb.*
General Merchandise.
BEEF— 0@6%c per lb fpr fair to choice.
VEAL— Large, 7c: small. 8@8Ho per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6H®7c; ewes. 6@«Hc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 8@8j»c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%@5Tiic for email and
medium and 5HQ5%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, SViSS'/ic; dressed Hogs. 7@S%c.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says:
"Wet salted hides are dull and receipts are In
creasing. Dry hides and calfskins are In less
demand and weaker. Horse hides are dull at
lower prices and In poor demand. There Is
less Inquiry for deerskins, though choice lots
sell readily at old figures. Goatskins sell read
ily at rates quoted. Sheepskins are slow of
sale."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about Ic under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. IO^IOHc; medium 9@9Hc; light, 9(&9Hc;
Cowhides, 9®S<£c; Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 10c;
Ca'.f, 10c: Dry Hides, scund. ISc; culls and
brands, 15c; nry Kin and Veal. 16®17c: Tlrv
Calf, 19c; Sheepskins, ehearllngs, 15@30c
each; short Wool, »j%i<*jc eacn; medium, "!>su.«x:;
long Wool. $irffl £0 each; Horse Hides $2'82 50
for laree and $1 25fTl 75 for small: Colts, 25i@
COc. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 40c; fall
or medium eklns. 35c: winter or thin skins, Ztfc.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 5Cc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6c per lb; No. 2
4g4Hc; refined, 6c; grease, 2H@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15%<317c; Northern defective. 13
@15c; Middle County. free. 15@17c: Middle
County, defective. 13@15C; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12013c; do. free. 7 months". ll®13c'
do, defective, 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20i£?21c; Nevada, 14S17c per lb.
HOPS-6SE9C per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops
CURED MEATS— Bacon. He per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14%c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13y.@14c; Mess Beef. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork, $14 50igl5: extra clear. $19; Mess. $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12^@13c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 7@Sc per lb for com
pound and S»V39c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Wc; ]0-!b tins, $%c; 5-lb tln3. lOHc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8%@8%c per lb; half
barrels, i%<Q&%c; i O _i b tIns> g^^
Provisions.
DRIED FKUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 3*it?4<T for
40-MTs, Z\ic for 50-60's, 3Vic for €0-70"s. 3@3Uc for
70-80's, 2%@3e for 80(g90 f s and 2>~c for 90-100's;
Apricots. 9@l0c for Royals and 10@llc for Moor
parks; Peaches, 4'.4@4&c for Standards, 5c for
choice and 5V*@6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10
@12V4c: Evaporated Apples. 6>@6c; Sun-dried,
3<g4c per Ib; Pears, 3V><g4"4c for dark and 7@Sc
for bright halves: Black Figs, l*i@2c: White
Figs. 2!f?3c; Bleached Plums. 7»4c; unbleached
Plums. 6c for pitted and IVic for unpltted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6cl,un
bleached Thompson's, per Ib. 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb, 8l£c: choice, 7%c; standard. 6^c;
prime, 5c: unbleached Sultanas. 5c: Seedless*
50-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5V4c;
3-crown, 6Vic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8J?9c for Standards and 9®
10c for softshells; Almonds, HH@12c for paper-
Shell. 9@10c for soft and 4@5c for hardshell.
Peanuts. 5%06?«c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia. Brazil Nuts, 7V4@8c. Filberts. 12@12^c.
Pecans. n®13c. Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Ccmb. ll>A©12e for bright and 10^®
no for light amber; water white extracted, 7V4c;
light amber extracted, 6%®7c; dark, 5te@«c
per lb. ¦
BEESWAX-24@26c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
and $6®9 for small berries. Receipts were 390
chests.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25(530c per drawer for com
mon and per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES— ?S!g 10 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— None in. Logan berries,
65c i>er drawer.
CURRANTS— 30<J?5Oc per drawer.
CHERRY PLUMS— 50®BOc per drawer.
PEACHES— $1 60^2 per box.
CHERRIES— :5<?40c per box for red and white
and S5©65c for black. In bulk, 4@6c for black
and 2V4@3c per lb for white. Receipts were
4500 boxes. ,
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50@3
per box; Seedlings, $1@2; Lemons, Sl@l 50 for
common and $2®'-' 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4 G0@3; Bananas, $1 25@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, S3 5G@4 per dozen.
WHEAT— Spot, flnw; No. 1 California, 6s 2ftd
CCs 2d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s lOd; futures,
quiet; July, 5s 8%d; September, Es 8Hd.
CORN — Spot, firm; American mixed, new, 4s;
futures, easy: May, 4s %d; July, 3s 10%d; Sep
tember. 2s lid. . • .
CLOSING
LONDON, ' May 17.— Consols, 101%; silver,
27 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 15c; cargoes on
passage, white easy, red quiet; English country
markets, part Cd cheaper.
LIVERPOOL, May 17.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2V4d@6s .3d; wheat In
Paris, steady; Hour In Paris, steady; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. -5 7-32d.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, May 17.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
club, 51c; bluestem, 54c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND, May 17.— The only disengaged
ship In the river was chartered to-day at a
rate nearly -equal to the best of the season
and basing of the local price of wheat on the
rate paid this ship and the Liverpool market
to-day the cereal would not be .worth 'much
above cOC per bushel. At the same time there
is enough buying all the time for milling
purposes- to keep the price around 61@52c for
Walla Walla, and valley Is about the same
figure. .
Foreign wheat shipments for the week end
ing to-day wer> 3S0.S25 bushels.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, May 17.— Clearings, $270,773;
balances, ?39,62S.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, May 17.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day amounted to ¦ 85S2
bales. Good merinos were in ' demand and
dearer; faulty scoureds were neglected. Ameri
can competition for medium and coarse cross
breds caused an advance of 5 per cent above
the opening rates. Greasy croFsbreda were In
active request. . Cape of Good Hope and Natal
greasy, were lower and slow.
London Wool Sales.
60c. average 68c' From Suisun— Black Tartar
lans. 43c to $1 75. average $1 11 box; Governor
Wood, 35c to 85c, average 40c.
THURSDAY. May 17—4 p. m.
/ Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 ; Justice 01 03
Alta 03 OSKentuck — 01
Andes 06 XftjLdy Washingtn — 05
Belcher 10 ll.Mexlcan 27 2S
Best & Belcher. 29 30 Occidental 12 13
Bullion 02 C3 Ophir 55 57
Caledonia 1 10 1 20 Overman 18 17
Chollar 13 2(.iPotosi 13 20
Challenge Con.. 12 14 Savage 13 15
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 50 Seg Belcher ... 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada.. 32 33
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill .... 20 22
Eureka Con .... — 10 St Louis — 12
Crown Point ... 10 11 Standard 3 80 4 CO
Exchequer 01 03 Syndicate — 03
Gould & Curry. 15 IS Union Con 20 21
Hale & Norc 25 27iUtah 07 OS
Julia — C2|Yellow Jacket.. 16 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Con Cal & V.I 42^ 200 Ophlr 64
200 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Silver Hill 19
700 Gould & Curry 16 200 Silver Hill 20
200 Gould & Curry 15 200 Silver Hill 22
2C0 Occidental 13 200 Union Con 22
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
900 Best & Belcher 23 1 600 Mexican 27
230 Caledonia 1 10| 500 Ophlr 53
200 Challenge Con.. 14: 500 Ophlr 63
2C0 Chollar 17 3C0 Ophlr 5«
150 Con Cal & V.I 42*i 400 Ophir 57
600 Con Cal & Va..l 45 500 Sierra Nevada. 31
200 Gould & Curry 16 700 Union Con 21
400 Gould & Curry 15 50O Utah 07
The following were the sales In tha Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
SCO Challenge 13 900 Silver Hill 19
500 Chollar 19 100 Standard 3 83
400 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Union Con 21
1C0 Gould & Curry 16 100 Utah 07
600 Mexican 23 1C0 Yellow Jacket.. 1«
600 Ophir 551
Afternoon Session.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: '
200 Andes 0-1 1 100 Mexican 27
300 Best & Belcher. 2711100 Ophlr 54
100 Caledonia 1 10 -100 Silver Hill 13
100 Con Cal & Va..l 40| 200 Sierra Nevada. 32
200 Con Cal & Va.l 43 J 100 Yellow Jacket.. 16
SCO Gould & Curry. 151
Morning Session.
MIXING STOCKS.
llornlitz Session.
¦ Board— •
ICO Home Oil 4 30
1000 "West Lake 75
50 Yukon 1 10
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Home Oil 4 33
30O Home Oil 4 30
100 West Lake 80
PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.
155 S P Oaa & Electric Co 48 CO
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 "5
$12,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage).... 102 00
Street—
"100 California Street Railroad 122 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
6 Alaska Packers' Association 116 87 H
JlCKiO Los Angeles Railway 5s ; 104 25
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5a 104 50
100 Makaweli Sugar Co 47 37V4
J7CC0 Oakland Transit Co 6s 117 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 23 00
155 Paauhau S P Co 30 75
£3 S P Gas & Electric Co 45 S7Vi
40 Spring Valley Water 96 23
Street—
20 Makaweli Sugar Co 47 37%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, MAY 18. 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Sun, Moen and Tide.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange unchanged. ,,
Wheat futures lower.
First nezc Barley of the season received on Change.
Rather more inquiry for Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Hay neglected. Bran steady.
Potatoes in free supply and weak. Onions steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Poultry continues quiet and in free supply.
Fruit market well stocked.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Hides weak and slow of sale.
No change in Meats.
ARTICLES.
¦Receipts.
Shlpm'ii.
Flour, barrels 10,000
Wheat, bushels .'. 26,000
Corn, bushels 110,000
Oats, bushels 135.000
Rye. bushels ,A 2,000
Barley, bushels ..rr>.. 130,000'
5.000
61,000
2SO.00O
145,000
"2! 666
AHTICLES. Open. |
Wheat No. 2—
Mey 65H
July 66%
Corn Xo. 2—
May 27%
July 3SH
September 38H!
Oats No. 2 —
May 22
July 22%
September 21V4
' Hess pork, bbl—
July 11 75
Lard. 100 lbs—
July 7 C2V4
September 7 05
Short ribs, 100 lbs—
July « 67H
g«bptemb<»r 6 67^
IHlBh. Low. |Close.
fGH 61^4 M Ti
t6'/g 66Vi 66%
S7>4 3GH 37%
38»,i 37V4 " 3S
SSii SSH 8SH
22'4 22 22'i
. 22-V, 22 22%
21H 21% 21»i
11 fZ\i 11 72% 11 SO
7 07H 7 00 7 07H
7 07H 7 02^ 7 07$
6 72\i 6 65 6 72«,»
: C 72^ 6 65 6 72Vi
t3 Time Time Time Time'
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. i Ft.
? H W I, W H W L. W't
IS ... 0:54 5.4 g:OTJ— 0.4 1:32 4.9 3:13$ I.]
I) ... 1:51 6.2 8:53—0.2 4:17 5.0 9:22 3.0
10 ... 2:57 4.9 9:47 0.2 5:00 5.2 10:37 2.6
a ... 4:15 4.6 10:40 0.6 5:4} 6.4 11:46 2.)
!3 ... 6:37 *.i) 11:37 1.1 8:30 6.6
L W IHW ! |L W H W
!3 ... 0:£0 1.3 7:00 4.31 12:33 t.5 7:14 5.S
!l ... 1:45 0.7| S:;:| 4.4; 1:25 S.O 7:53 (.1
Steamer.
From.
North Fork Humbotdt May IS
Point Arena IMendoctno May 1»
Mackinaw ISeattl« ~ May 18
Arcata (Oregon Porta stay IS
City ot Peking. iChina and Japan... May 19
Corona San Diego May 19
Samoa HumboMt May 19
Wellington Oyster Harbor ~.~.. May 19
Colon Panama May 20
State of Cal Oregon Ports May 20
Energia China and Japan May 20
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo -. May 27
Pomona Humboldt May n
Bonlta Newport May 21
Humboldt Seattle „._.. May 21
Australia Honolulu... May 22
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound May 22
Matteawan Tacoma May 12
Santa Rosa San Dleeo May 23
Warfleld Oyster Harbor —.• May 23
Crescent City... Crescent City May 2*
Coos Bay Newport May 25
Columbia Oregon Ports May 25
Steamer. Destination. [ Satis. I Pier.
Pomona .... Huxnboldt Mar 13. t pmlPlar 9
Newport ... Panama May 18, 12 m PMSS
Columbia ..Oregon Ports. Mar 13. 11am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport May 19, 9 am Pier 11
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 19. S pm
Am. Maru. Chlr.aA Japan May 19, 1 pm PMS9
Empire Coo« Bay May 19, S pmlPler 13
Arcata Coos Bay May 19, 4 pm Pier 13
Centennial Seattle May 19, 5 pra S.W. 1
C. D. Lane Cape Nome.... May «, 2 pm Pier M
Wai. Walla Vie & Pgt Sd. May 11. 11 am Pier 9
Corona San Diego May 21. 11 am Pier 11
Zealandla . Cape Nome.... May 21. 3 pm'Pier 7
North Fork Humboldt May il. 9 am Pier 3
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May tt. 2 pm Pier 2
Samoa Humboldt May 22, WamiPler 13
Sequoia .... Cape Nome.... May 23, SpmlPler 2
Bonlta .....Newport May 23. 9amP!erll
State of CaljOregon Ports. May 23, 11 amiPler 2*
Santa Rosa. San Diego May 25. llam'PlerU
Enertjla ... ! China & Japan May 25 1
Ig. Marlscall Mexico |May 25, |
Steamer.
Destination,
ARTICLES.
¦Receipts.
Shlpm'ii.
Flour, barrels 10,000
Wheat, bushels .'. 26,000
Corn, bushels 110,000
Oats, bushels 135.000
Rye. bushels ,A 2,000
Barley, bushels ..rr>.. 130,000'
5.000
61,000
2SO.00O
145,000
"2! 666
AHTICLES. Open. |
Wheat No. 2—
Mey 65H
July 66%
Corn Xo. 2—
May 27%
July 3SH
September 38H!
Oats No. 2 —
May 22
July 22%
September 21V4
' Hess pork, bbl—
July 11 75
Lard. 100 lbs—
July 7 C2V4
September 7 05
Short ribs, 100 lbs—
July « 67H
g«bptemb<»r 6 67^
IHlBh. Low. |Close.
fGH 61^4 M Ti
t6'/g 66Vi 66%
S7>4 3GH 37%
38»,i 37V4 " 3S
SSii SSH 8SH
22'4 22 22'i
. 22-V, 22 22%
21H 21% 21»i
11 fZ\i 11 72% 11 SO
7 07H 7 00 7 07H
7 07H 7 02^ 7 07$
6 72\i 6 65 6 72«,»
: C 72^ 6 65 6 72Vi
Steamer. Destination. [ Satis. I Pier.
Pomona .... Huxnboldt Mar 13. t pmlPlar 9
Newport ... Panama May 18, 12 m PMSS
Columbia ..Oregon Ports. Mar 13. 11am Pier 24
Coos Bay... Newport May 19, 9 am Pier 11
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 19. S pm
Am. Maru. Chlr.aA Japan May 19, 1 pm PMS9
Empire Coo« Bay May 19, S pmlPler 13
Arcata Coos Bay May 19, 4 pm Pier 13
Centennial Seattle May 19, 5 pra S.W. 1
C. D. Lane Cape Nome.... May «, 2 pm Pier M
Wai. Walla Vie & Pgt Sd. May 11. 11 am Pier 9
Corona San Diego May 21. 11 am Pier 11
Zealandla . Cape Nome.... May 21. 3 pm'Pier 7
North Fork Humboldt May il. 9 am Pier 3
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May tt. 2 pm Pier 2
Samoa Humboldt May 22, WamiPler 13
Sequoia .... Cape Nome.... May 23, SpmlPler 2
Bonlta .....Newport May 23. 9amP!erll
State of CaljOregon Ports. May 23, 11 amiPler 2*
Santa Rosa. San Diego May 25. llam'PlerU
Enertjla ... ! China & Japan May 25 1
Ig. Marlscall Mexico |May 25, |
Steamer.
Destination,
Steamer.
From.
North Fork Humbotdt May IS
Point Arena IMendoctno May 1»
Mackinaw ISeattl« ~ May 18
Arcata (Oregon Porta stay IS
City ot Peking. iChina and Japan... May 19
Corona San Diego May 19
Samoa HumboMt May 19
Wellington Oyster Harbor ~.~.. May 19
Colon Panama May 20
State of Cal Oregon Ports May 20
Energia China and Japan May 20
Robt. Adamson Nanaimo -. May 27
Pomona Humboldt May n
Bonlta Newport May 21
Humboldt Seattle „._.. May 21
Australia Honolulu... May 22
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound May 22
Matteawan Tacoma May 12
Santa Rosa San Dleeo May 23
Warfleld Oyster Harbor —.• May 23
Crescent City... Crescent City May 2*
Coos Bay Newport May 25
Columbia Oregon Ports May 25
t3 Time Time Time Time'
£. Ft. Ft. Ft. i Ft.
? H W I, W H W L. W't
IS ... 0:54 5.4 g:OTJ— 0.4 1:32 4.9 3:13$ I.]
I) ... 1:51 6.2 8:53—0.2 4:17 5.0 9:22 3.0
10 ... 2:57 4.9 9:47 0.2 5:00 5.2 10:37 2.6
a ... 4:15 4.6 10:40 0.6 5:4} 6.4 11:46 2.)
!3 ... 6:37 *.i) 11:37 1.1 8:30 6.6
L W IHW ! |L W H W
!3 ... 0:£0 1.3 7:00 4.31 12:33 t.5 7:14 5.S
!l ... 1:45 0.7| S:;:| 4.4; 1:25 S.O 7:53 (.1
BY ORDER OF CHASE & MENDENHALL.
San Francisco, I will sell at public auction
60- head of work horses, well broken, weigh-
ing from 1100 to 1100. In good condition;
horses have been working on Government con-
tract, and as contract is finished they must
be sold: also 13 buggies, new and second-
hand, and a lot of harness; sale positive; no
» reserve: an opportunity to purchase a good
farm or orchard horse; to be sold on Satur-
day. May 19. 1910, at 10 a. m.. at Center-
vllle. Alameda County. LOUIS SCHAFVEK,
Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALESCollins Pleads Guilty.
SEATTLE, May 17.— John Collins., whe
robbed the ; First , National Bank of this
city of 13000 some weeks "agoTpleaded guil
ty to "the crime to-day. Lawrence Parker,
his alleged partner, is oq trial.
Friends at the Festal Board Wisl:
Him a Pleasant Trip to His
Old Home.
George W. Dickie, manager and estl
mater of the Union Iron Works and foi
thirty-three years an employe of tha
Institution. Is about to leave on a four
months' trip to his old home In Scotland
and to Europe, and was tendered a ban
quet last night at the Bohemian Club by
Irving M. Scott, president of the iron
works. Mr. Scott acted as symposlarch
and besides ¦ himself there were present:
George W. IMckie. James Dickie. Willis
G. Dodd, John T. Scott. Irvine M. Scott
Jr., John Richards, Robert ' Forsyth, C.
Ewald Grunsky, Marsden Manson. J. O'B
Gunn, Commander H. N. Stevenson, Chief
Engineer McElroy. Naval Constructor 13.
Snow, Captain John Metcalfei F. A. Gard
ner, Hugo P. Frear. George F. Kutz, K
M. Dahl and Dr. Smith.
Every one present was called on to sa\
something during the evening. Irving M
Scott complimented Mr. Dickie on his ca
pability and called to the faci
that, after beginning life as a boy In thf
iron works, he was now to return to hli
home famous as the master of construc
tion of some of the most marvelous pro
ducts of the world, the great war crafl
turne<} out by the Union Iron Works.
GEORGE W. DICKIE IS
TENDERED A BANQUE
Funeral of Mrs. Byington.
OAKLAND, May 17.— The funeral of the
Ate Some Gamey Clams.
Dr. E. A. Bohm, residing at 9^ Golden
Gate avenue, ate some clams last evening
which were a trifle too gamey. Ho was
sent to the Receiving Hospital to be
treated for what the physicians said was
ptomaine 'poisoning. The doctor will re
cover. ¦ ¦
CHICAGO^ May 17.— The board of direc
tors of the Associated Press met to-day
In'regular sepFlon for the election of offi
cers. The board as now constituted con
sists of Victor F. I^awson, M. H. de
Young. Arthur Jenkins, Charles \V.
Knapi>. IX Markbreit. A. J. Barr. Clark
Howell, E. P. Call. Edward Rosewater.
George Thompson and Charles H. Grasty.
Mr. LawEon declined the ofllce of presi-
The following officers were elected:
President. Charles \V. Knapp; first vice
president, General Harrison Gray Otis;
second vice president, Samuel Bowles of
the Springfield (Mass.) Republican: sec
retary and general manager, Charles S.
Dienl; treasurer, John R. Walsh-, execu
tive committee— Messrs. Lawton, Knapp,
Howell.-Uarr and Call.
Mr. Stone announced that In view of the
action of the shareholders in refusing to
"¥'}}?>' l , he b >r l8WS to conform to the law
of Illinois as laid down by the recent de
cision of th«? Supreme Court, he felt
bound, to rewgn the offices of secretary
and general manager and his resignation
was accepted with regret. Charles S.
Dlehl was unanimously elected general
manager.
A KISSEB IN SAN RAFAEL.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN BAKAEL, May 17.— In broad day
light, on Ban Rafael's main street a
Etrange man threw his arms about a well
known young lady yesterday and kissed
her In spite of her struggles several time«
The assault occurred opposite Hotaling's
Bank and attracted the attention of S. M
Auffustlne.' the cashier. Augustine ran
across the etreet to I he young lady's as
sistance, while her assailant made off. At
the young lady's solicitation Augustine
raised no hue and cry and the unknown
made good his escape, and every endeavor
has been made to hush the affair up,
owing to the lady's social prominence.
Nominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON. May 17.— The Senate
to-day confirmed the following nomina
tions: J. C. McXally of Pennsylvania,
consul-general at Guatemala City. Lieu
tenant-Colonel J. ' C. ¦ Gllmore to be as
sistant adiutant-general with rank of col
onel. Major H. O. S. Helstand to be as-
Ftctant adjutant-general with rank of
lleutenant-colonet
Attorney Boyd Will Seek to Make the
Pump Gun Decision Apply to
Set Nets.
Special Disrateh to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, May 17. -Attorney
Thomas P. Boyd of this place will spring
a legal surprise shortly when he applies
to the United States Circuit Court for a
writ of habeas corpus on behalf of his
clients, twenty-live Chinese fishermen.
These Chinamen were arrested by Fish
Commissioner" Davia last Sunday and
charged with using set nets for the catch
ing of shrimps. Attorney Boyd will base
his appeal for a writ of habeas corpus on
the decision of Judge Ross rendered yes
terday in the "pump-gun" case. In this
Case his Honor decided that the Marin
County game law proscribing: the use of
a "pump-euti" was invalid. He states in
his decision that no laws can be laid down
as to the manner in which game shall be
taken or caught. This judgment certainly
appears to knock the props from under
the State game laws and aJso leaves the
Fish Commission without a leg- to stand
on. "If the decision of Judge Itoss is car
ried to Its logical conclusion." said Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac to-day, "the State
has no case against the Sshermen charged
with uping set nets, as according to the
judgment freedom of choice In regard to
the manner used In taking game Is, In
spite of the game laws, every citizen's
prerogative." v-'\
NEW OFFICERS CHOSEN
BY ASSOCIATED PRESS
MAY INVALIDATE THE
STATE GAME LAWS
OAKLAND, May 17.— The Pullman Com
pany has assumed complete ownership of
all sleepers operated by tha Southern Pa
cific Company. All cleaning and repair-
Ins of the cars will he done under the
supervision of the Pullman Company. L"p
to a'shdrt time apro the Southern Pacific
owned a three-fifths interest in the Pull
man cars operated by It, while the Pull
man Company owned the other two-flfths.
George Clark, district superintendent of
the latter company, now has charge of
all sleepers running into this city.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SELLS ITS SLEEPERS
H/Sv. Eugenia St. John Coming.
Rev. Eugenia St. John, the well-known
lecturer, is now touring the coast and
will arrive in San Francisco next Thurs
day. Mrs. St. John will deliver a series
of lectures In the First Baptist Church.
with vocal selections
Paladini Fined Again.
A. Paladini, the fish and game dealer,
was fined $CJ yesterday by Judge Cabaniss
for violating the fish laws, having been
convicted of having striped bass under
weight in his possession. Ilia defense was
that the fish had been taken to his stand
during his absence, but the Judge re
marked that he had heard the same story
before.
Pioneer Council. Y. M. I.
Pioneer Council No. 1, Y. M. I., cele
brated its seventeenth anniversary last
evening- by a ball in Pioneer Hall. There
was a good programme of dances and be
tween numbers MIs?s Millie Klynn. William
J. Hynes, Frank Thompson, William J.
O'Brien and William Hallett entertained
National Guardsmen Unable to Pa
rade With Full Banks to Cele
brate Memorial Bay. '
The officers of the First Regiment, N, G.
C, are in a quandary because of the lack
of uniforms for the command. Whilo the
regiment is under orders to parade on
Memorial day, the men have nothing with
which to make a showing, epecept such
uniforms as have been saved from the
Philippine campaign. The State has not
issued a now uniform or any other equip
ment to the reorganized regiment.
The officers doubt whether more than a
battalion can be made up from, men who
have retained their campaign suits. At
the regimental officers' meeting last even
ing, Lieutenant Colonel O'Neil instructed
the company officers to determine defin
itely how many men from each company
could parade.
Present indications are that the State's
supply of uniforms will not be ready be
fore July. General Warfield expressed
such an opinion to tho regiment's officers
within a few days.
SOLDIERS LACK THEIR
SUPPLY OF UNIFORMS
vPEV. SAMUEL KEETCH
! RESIGNS HIS PULPIT
OAKLAND, May 17— The Rev. S. C.
Keetch, pastor of the Golden Oate Bap
tist Church, has resigned his pastorate be
cause of ill health. In a communication
to the members of the church, Mr Keetch
said that should his health permit he
would like to remain with the congrega
tion until the last Sunday of June, other
wise he would deem it necessary to close
his labors a week from Sunday. In an-,
swer the trustees and deacons of the
church expressed their kindly feeling 1 to
ward fhe pastor and voted his salary to
continue until July 1. whether his health
permitted him to perform hia duties as
pastor or not.
Suit Brought in the District Court by
Rauer, Gamage and
Tyndall.
Jake Rauer. Jule Gamage of Harding's
Collection Agency and George YV\ Tyndall
& Co. filed a petition yesterday in the
United States District Court to have
Charles Montgomery declared an invol
untary insolvent.
They allege that Montgomery com
mitted an act of insolvency by concealing
some of his property, and they further
declare he owes them- together JPOO
Judge de Haven denied the petition be
cause it had not been drawn in proper
form, but the petitioners have leave to
file an amended petition.
The $1200 represents various debts, one
of which is a note for $250 indorsed by
Montgomery and held by Gamage. Mont
gomery says there Is nothing more than
a technicality In the allegation that he
has concealed any property, for. he says.
"I have no property to conceal." He had
not been served with summons in the
case nor/ he pays, has he been pressed for
the debts the petitioners hold against
him.
WOULD FORCE INSOLVENCY
UPON C. MONTGOMERY
-OAKLAND, May 17.— The management
of the Bank of Livermore and the busi
ness of that institution In general was the
point that occupied the lawyers in the liti
gation over the Varney estate to-day.
Excert C. D. Stuart was examined at
lensth in regard to the affairs of the bank,
which' he had examined into. The expen
was subjected to a rigid examination and
w\s asked to explain what he had learned
from his Inspection of the books of the
"fn answer to Attorney Reed. Stuart said
his investigations extended over the years
from ISM to 1900, and that during that time
the average amount of deposit per year
was $198,000.
"What is the condition of the resources
of tho bank as compared with the re
sources In 1S94?" asked Attorney Reed.
"The real estate has increased and the
overdrafts have decreased." answered
Stuart. "The overdrafts in 1894 amounted
to $65,000, and In 1900 they amounted to
only $17,000." .
At this point in the expert's testimony
Judge Seaweil suggested that It would be
well to have. a detatled account of his in.
spectlon of the bank's accounts. Before
giving a detailed statement Stuart re
maikpd that he had found the accounts
perfectly straight.
Banker W. G. Henshaw was called this
afternoon and testified that he did not
think that Pitcher's salary of $4000 a year
as. president of the bank was unreason
able.
VARNEY ESTATE AND
THE LIVERMORE BANK
COLLECTOR LYNCH GETS
THE HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
They Will Become Part of His Inter
nal Revenue District on
June 14.
Internal Revenue Collector John C.
Lynch was notified yesterday by Com
missioner Wiison that or> and after June
14 of this year the Hawaiian Island?
would be added to his district. Mr.
Lyr.ch'g chief deputy, R. N. Frick, will bfe
sent to Honolulu by the next steamer it
organize the islands for internal revenue
purposes. Burt M. Thomas, special rev
enue agent, was notified by the depart
ment yesterdny to leave for Honolulu on
the Peking on the 29th inst. to supervise
the organization of the district.
Collector Lynch announced yesterday
that he would make all his new appoint
ments from the islands, so that the cry
of "carpet-bagger" could not be raised
against his deputies.
HANGS HIMSELF FROM
RAFTERS OF A BARN
OAKLAND, May 17.— Joseph R. Samp
son, a well known business man of Ash
land, a small settlement on the San Lea.n
dro road, near Haywards, committed sui
cida early this morning by hanging him
self to the rafters in a barn in the rear oi
his residence. He was found by his wife
and Joseph Morse, with whom he had an
appointment this morning.
Sampson arose early and went directly
to the barn. Mrs. Sampson prepared
breakfast, and when she called her hus
band she received no answer. This
alarmed her, and she went in search of
him. Whlje looking for her husband she
was joined by Morse and together they
found him hanging by a. rope. Morse cut
clown the bodv and notified the Coroner.
It is thought that Sampson was mentally
deranged, as he was at one time art" In
mate of an insane asylum.
Sampson was 40 years old and leaves be
sides his widow three small children. He
was president of <5olden Gate Council No.
115. Y. M. I., and a prominent member of
the Portuguese Union.
OAKLAND: CLUB LADIES
PUBLISH A MAGAZINE
. OAKLAND, May "17.— The domestic sci
ence department of the Oakland Club bas
issued a magazine which will be published
monthly and devoted exclusively to the
department it represents. Mrs. M. L.
Wakeman-Curtis Is editor of the new
publication and is assisted by Mrs. John
Bakewell. Mrs. E. G. Barber, Mrs. Ilardi
man-Mlller and Miss Mary McClees. The
business affairs of the masrazme are In
the hands of Mrs. Robert Watt and Mrs.
Charles D. Olney is her assistant. The
work of the domestic science school ts
described and the courses are outlined In
full.
PLANS FORMED
FOR FEDERAL
LABOR UNION
Call Issued for a Meeting
of All Unorganized
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 17.
The blacksmiths, wa&onmakers. bar
bers, cooks, waiters, bicycle workers,
tailors, garment workers, retail clerks
and all other unorganized skilled workers
have been invited to. attend a meeting to
morrow evening at the Building Trades
headquarters, 105$ Broadway. The ob
ject of the meeting is to portray the ad
vantages of organization and the benefits
to be derived therefrom. ,,»>•„
It is proposed, -to form a Federal Labor
Union to be composed of men who work
for a living without regard to their trade
or calling. There will be a number of
speakers who will expound the principles
of trade unionism. .
Whe.n a sufficient number of any trade
has been brought" together it is Intended
to "divide the Federal Union into Us rep
resentative branches, lll'i-
It is set forth in the call that the max
ims of" unionism are: "Foster education
and uproot ignorance: shorten hours and
lengthen life; raise wages and lower us
ury; increase independence and decrease
dependence: develop manhoo>l and DaiK
tyranny; lighten toil and brighten man;
enlarge society and eliminate classes; cre
ate rights and abolish wrongs; cheer the
home and fireside and make the world
better." '
SERIOUS LEGAL
POINT HANGS ON
KELLY'S KISSES
OAKLAND, May 17.— The following pro
gramme has been arrange*! by Mrs. O. F.
Mills for commencement week at Mills
College. May IS to 23:
Khetoricals, Friday, May IS, 7:30 p. m.;
baccalaureate, Sunday, May 20, 3 p. ra...
Rev. Robert Coyle. D. T>.. Oakland; clos
ing concert. Tuesday. May 22. 7:3>> p. m. :
commencement exer*-l?es. "Wednesday,
May 23, 2:30 p. m. ; adxlress, Benjamin Ide
AVheeler, president University of. Califor
nia.
Stolen Smacks Not Defined
in the Codes of
Alameda.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. May 17.
In Alameda kissing is either disturbing
the peace or battery and sometimes both.
In the case of John Kelly, who was ar
rested last night for forcibly kissing Mr9.
Isabella Brock, it was ootn, possibly be
cause Mrs. Brock is young and good
looking and because Kelly got more than
cne kiss.
No matter what the cause of Kelly's
trouble, he certainly got the kisses and
got In jail for taking them.
Justice Morris, before whom the villain
Is to be tried. v;il\ be under tne necessity
of deciding just what kind of a crimo
kissinp In Alameda may be. JudRv- St.
Sure i» goins to sit in the case with him.
for the question at issue is a very im
portant one.
The case has assumed importance, for
it will be of great interest to the rest of
the State to know just what Alameda
considers' a kiss to be — whether battery,
disturbing tho peace or just nothing at
all. The story of how Kelly called at
the residence of Mrs. Brock and finding
her alone stole a few kisses and a him
or two ami was arrested therefor has
been told in The Call already.
COMMENCEMENT WEEK
AT MILLS COLLEGE
SHEEPSKINS FOR
CLASS OF SEVEN
PRETTY MISSES
Third Commencement Exer
cises at Miss Horton's
School.
CHINESE BOSS EMPLOYS
JAPANESE CHEAP LABOR
/f=S\ AKLAND, May 17.— Over in Ala
( Jj tne<la the labor question has be
'xtr^ come most involved. There are
many vegetable gardeners In the
encinal city." most of whom come from
the Cp!e.»;h»l Kingdom, and the Alameda
"Man With a Hoe" wears a pigtail and
a basket-Hat and hi? eyes are more slant
ed tack than his brow, while a far-away
"yenshee" look comes Into his face when
the A!an:ed:i Angelus bell announces that
it is time to knock off work. Most of these
vegetable gardens have fallen into the
hands of Quong Fat, who comes from Can-
ton, but who has learned the way to
wealth very rapidly.
Quong Fat has employed a large force
of his countrymen at a salary of 70 cents
a day and rice, the' employes agreeing to
furnish their own "yenshpe." A few days
ago Quong Fat discovered that he could
secure other "men with hoes" at a very
much less rate, and he opened negotia
tions with a Japanese labor bureau. He
did not let patriotism stand in the way of
business. He has discharged all of his
Chinese employes and closed a contract
with the Japanese, who have agreed to
work for 50 cents a day. Quong Fat de-
clares that he will have no Chinese union
labor on his place.
The Chinese discovered the little game
I and have organized the Alameda high
1 binders" tong No. 1. They have established
i a boycott upon Quong Fat and his gar
| dens and moved across the Alameda veldt
yesterday afternoon upon the trenches of
the usurpers. They stormed the kopjes
and a small riot ensued. In which the Ala
| meda police were requested to take a
hand. The Japanese were outnumbered
for the time being, but Quang Fat car
ried the day. He has announced his In
tention of employing no more Chinese
high-priced union labor, but will employ
only Japanese cheap labor.
Mrs. Beatrice Priest Fine, the favorite
California soprano, is making an envia
ble position for herself in the metropolis.
It has long been understood that Mrs.
Fine had leanings toward the operatic
stage, and New York critics are now say
ing that she is as "charming and compe
tent an actress as she is distinguished as
a vocalist." This criticism refers" to her
rendition of the soprano rote in "Iolan
the." Mrs. Fine is also soloist of the
First Unitarian Church of New York and
has. besides, all the concert work that
she can undertake.
Louis Heine, our well-remembered 'cel
list, is coneertizing in New York, after a
season spent in Pittsburg with the sym
phony orchestra of Victor Herbert. .
Mrs. Olive Reed Cushrr.an. the contralto,
and Miss Grace Carroll are studying in
Xew York with Thtodor Bjorksten. Mrs.
Cushman holds a good church position
and Miss Carroll among other church
work has recently substituted for Annie
Louise Clary.
Miss Evelyn Henry, another Bjorksten
pupil, has just given a, most successful
recital in New York. Miss Henry, with
Mr. Bjorksten. gave the duet from "Ca
vallcria Rusticana." and the young Cali
fornian's voice and interpretations arous
ed much flattering comment. She will
spend the summer in Bar Harbor, where
sh<» has many important engagements for
tht- holiday season.
Miss Hilda Newman, formerly a mem-j
ber of the Cheney Amateurs of San Fran
cisco and now pianist ot the Ladles' Trio
traveling with Lilian Carllsmilh. is rest-
ing in New York, after a most successful
tour. This distinguished pupil cf Les
chetizky conceives of rest as an eight
hours' daily practice.
. Maud Lilian Berri (Mrs. Fisher), a for
mer favorite of San Francisco and now.
of the Castle Square Opera Company,
New York, is in San Francisco. Leander
Richardson says of her: "Miss Berri is
a distinguished acquisition to the Castle
Square forces. • • • She learns a new
role with marvelous rapidity and has im
proved amazingly since her ilrst hit as
Siebel in 'Faust.' "
The Wagner lectures given at Golden
Oate Hall by Mrs. Mary Fairweather
have created much favorable comment.
Her subjects for exposition were the
"Niebelungen Lied" and "Parsifal." The
remaining lectures of the series will deal
with art and literature. Browning's "Ring
and the Book" and Goethe's and other
"Fausts," from Ciprianus to present era.
William B. King-, the organist, gave a
recital at Grace Church on Tuesday last.
Mr. King's programme consisted almost
entirely of the compositions of his dis
tinguished maitre. M. Charles M. Wldor,
and M. Caesar Franck. The brilliant and
masterly handling of his noble instrument
by this young Californian delighted his
audience "and gave rise to regret that our
organists are so seldom heard in recital.
From New York to Boston, to Chicago,
all over the Kast. the organ recital is a
most favored and certainly admirable
form of entertainment, and there is no
question' but that we have here both in
struments .and talent that will compare
favorably with any city m the Union.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
late Mrs. Fred F. Byington was held this
morning from the family residence. 1420
Filbert street. The services were con
ducted by elders of the Ohurch of Seventh
Day • Adventists. The interment was in
Mountain View Cemetery. Mrs. Byington
died in St. Helena last Monday.
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 18/ 19QU.
Sutro Maintenance.
The action of Henrietta L. B. Sutro
against Kdgar E. Sutro for maintenance
wa« continued before Judge Belcher yes
lerday. Mrs. Sutro gaxe further testi
mony to the effect that her husband had
regle'-ied and ill-treated her. Mrs. Mary
Nunan corroborated her natements as to
certBh; facts and Cathtdn* F. HilJ did
I'r.B fame.
Burned While Playing With Fire.
OAKLAND. Mny 17.~-St«art lliller. the
}<jur. h ' son of Frnnk T. Miller, was severe
ly burned yestrrdav whit? playing around
. t- bo«jl5re at l'leventh and Failon streets.
The boy's clothing became Ignitfd and he
was In grave danger of being' fatally
burned, when he ran to the edge of . th»!
marsh, a few f»ct distant. nn& rolled In
the zzvC. txlizeiilsMr<S the flames. . ]
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
* HIS Broadway. May 17.
The third commencement exercises of
Miss Horton's School were held this even
ing 5n the assembly hall of the school at
Twelfth and Filbert street!'. Seven gradu
ates received their diplomas! They, were:
Nellie Bunker. Carlotta Case, Kthelwyn
MilJ.s Maibel Lizzie Pierce, Grace Maria
Pinney. Oscar Anaresen Schlesinger. Ger
tn:de Voorhies.
¦Miss Mabel Pierce, as valedictorian, read
a carefully prepared paper on "The Study
pf Grrt-k-Why?- §he traced the growth
ot Greek literature from its beginning in
an early ballad pcetry uy to its fullest
expression In aim I>riclcmi Age and in
following Us subsequent fortunes pppkfl
at the loss of creative powers in the Al..x-
ELndrine Age. the long period of ueca«jence
and obllvtoa and tinal resurrection.
The foljow.-ii:g programme wag rendered:
• Opening prayer; "Abeunt StUdia in
Moretv (Studies rnflu^nce Character*.
Sessts Fulton; "A Plea for Special Szlnff."
CarlotU Case; "The Study at Greek-*
Why?- Mabel Lizzie Pierce; violin solo.
<a) "Air Varie ' u'Uarles Daucla). ib>
"isarai-a:iae" .Carl Buhn:, De«sle Elliott;
accompanied by Ueuelyn l-!ushrt; * ad
di-ess. "The Need of Hfrtcr liduration.""
i-)r. David Starr Jordan: BCtngi («) "Thi?
Kour-ieaf Clover.'.' ib; "A l>nub!u I.roes."
X-:ta Schiesinger; adore&s to graduate*.
Kev. C. H. Brown; presentation of dip
lomas. Miss Horton; benediction.
After the exerclff-5 a reception was held.
COUNT MUTSU BANQUETS
THIRTY OF HIS FRIENDS
Dinner Given by Japanese Consul in
Honor of Marriage of the Prince
Imperial.
Count Mutsu, the Japanese Consul of
San Francisco, entertained thirty of his
fronds, Japanese and American, at Del
ffiunicu's last evening. The banquet was
fc':\<.n in honor of the marriage of the
1'rince Imperial, which took place on the
3u!h of this month.
A:ri<;:.g the thirty guest? were President
Benjamin- Ide Wheeler of the University
¦jf California, who responded eloquently to
ihe tlrst toast of th^ eveninir. "The AVest
and the Ea.st." Horace l>avis. Charles
Nelson, Count Muisu and Messrs. Naga
pa\ra and Tozowa hpoke in turn.
The dinner was> an elaborate affair, the
ttieechea vt the best and the spirit never
Jacking.
S. A. BBYAN ARRESTED.
Sets a Trap for His Wife and Gets
Caught in It Himself.
i?j>eclaJ Iiipj-airh to The Call.
WOODLAND, May i:.-There has al
ready appeared in The Call frequent men
tion at the domestic infelicities of S. A.
iiryan ar.d his wife. Frances Bryan, cul
iBinating in his abduction of his invalid
ll»year-old daughter Bellah from the cus
tody of her mother, and the successful
secretion of himself and chiid for many
u-i.vs. thus evading all processes of court.
Cttticers armed with writs of injunctiop
una habeas corpus searched in vain for
bryan for several days. He might have
avoided service altogether but for the fact
that he presumed too much on the cred
dity of his wife. He deliberately set a
trap for her and got caught with nis own
ben.
u:i Wednesday he managed to communi
u*te with her without disclosing his own
uiier*a bouts. This communication intl
rr.&ted that If the two could have a quiet
conference withuut the knowledge or in
terference of her counsel they might be
able to arrive at an agreement mutually
satisfactory. Mrs. Bryan imparted this
i.', formation to her attorney and he ad
vised her to consent to the secret con
ference. The meeting was arranged for
in the parlors of the Hotel Julian at 9
o'clock this morning. In anticipation of
ti.ss meeting Mrs. Bryan's attorney filed
a n«-:w suit, petitioning that she be.award
t-d the permanent custody of the child
ar.d that an order be made requiring
Bryan to bring the child into court. The
prder was made and all the papers were
given to an officer for service. lie con
tc-aled himself on the parlor floor of the
;<jt*-l and had not long to wait. At the
appointed hour Bryan ascended the rear
jtairway ar.d went direct to the parlor.
Finding nob<<dy there he cam* out and in
quired of the bellboy if any woman had
been there. At this juncture the officer
rr.a-;e his appearance. Brvan denied his
Identity, but when the officer remarked
that he cuee«ed he was the man wanted
he accepted the service. The whole mat
ter will fOUlH ui» TlfXt Mnnilav
Loveland Resigns as Manager.
uarrj i>. l^oveiana nas resign«'d as
manacor of the Associated Wholesale
GrrocetB. to accept the position cf vie
ptMidcni nmi manseer for the firm of
T:Itr.i««n & nendel. R. H. Bennett, secre
tary o* the Merchants' Credit Association
will temporarily fill the vacated position!
>!r. l>oveland also tendered his resigna
tion am traffic manager of the Pacific
Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturer*' Asso
ciation, but it v.-as not accepted. The \s
f-f>clated Wholesale Grocers have adopted
resolution* highly complimentary to the
retiring manager.
Fraternal Eacles.
Fan Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal
Eagles, pave Us first ladies' night and en
tertainment in Native Sons' Hall last
evening. The programme was very
tatnlng and was appreciated by a large
audience. These who contributed to the
• njoyabJe affair were Ed L. Head, J. j.
Harrington. Si Stebblns. Stone and Wal
t"n. Deming and Carroll. Signor Antonio
y^rca?, Honore and Blanche Mcl>ean.
Glenn and Wayne, Myrtle Brown and
Ecir.a I>ong.
Candy Sale and IVEusicale.
St. Cecilia s Chapter win give a home
made candy «ale this afternoon at St.
Paul's Episcopal Guild Hal}. There will
be a mu?icale In the evening. The patron
esses are Mrs. Maxwell Reilly, XV.
ilcGavan. Mrs. M. B. Ke'.logg. Miss Cole.
3Ji*s Farnsworth. Miss Rulofson. Miss
dark. Miss Sabln. Miss Seifrldge and
UltM Milton.
. ¦ ? ¦
Skipped With the Money.
K. T. Mlnnehan. manager for the Peo
ple's Express Company, swore to a com
piair.t in Judge Cabanlss' court yesterday
charging IJarry Carter v.1th misdemeanor
*rr,X)izz\<?m>-i-i\. Carter, who was em
ployed by ti:e company, gx>t a package
cor.t:;ini!:g J.;> GO to deliver April 6, but, it
is rlalmed. he failed to do so and has not
been seen since. : ?'
• *-+~.
Tvro Incorrigible Boys.
Louis G<aff. if yoars of age. and Frank
Howard, 13 years old, residing on Oak
vood street, were sent to the Boys' and
<>5rl&' Aid Society yesterday by Judgro
Megan. <Jrafi picked a quarrel with
Claude Freeman a few days ago and at
tempfd to stah him with a knife which
Howard eavf- him.
CHAIGNEAU CONVICTED.
Former Marshal of Napa Founc
Guilty of Embezzlement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NATA, May 17.— Paul Chaigneau was
to-day convicted by. a jury In the Su
perior Court of embezzlement. He hac
been on trial here for two clays past anc
the jury was just twenty minutes ir
reaching the verdict. The charge oi
v.hich the defendant was tried was tin
"aileKed stealing from the city funds o:
Napa $2200 between July 1. 1S95, and July 1
1S99 while he was marshal of Napa.
When the shortage ¦¦¦was- discovered
Chalgneau asked for time to pay it. whlcl
he did He then resigned his office ¦ ii
1899 But the Grand Jury in March returnee
an Indictment against him.. Several oi
Nona's 'officials -were called to give test!
many for the prosecution. The defendan
vus not placed on the stand, the only evi
dence given In his behalf heing the call
ing of a large number of citizens to testi
fy as to Ills good character prior to th<
finding of his shortage with the city.
Chaigneau was at. one time the. mosj
popular man in Napa. and his downfall
was received with great surprise by his
friends. Public sympathy j has, been foi
him right along", as he is a man of fam
ily. Sentence' will be pronounced nexl
Monday by Judge Ham. , At that time "p
motion for a new trial 'will be made,
Chaigneau is out on $5000 bail until thai
date. ; "¦ . -' : ' ;--[.'' '.'','
Quong Fat Settles Celestial Labor Quenion
OCEAN TBAVE1.
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 tons burden)
F. WARREN. Master.
— FOR —
Via Seattle, on or about
,? MAY 23, 1900.
The passengers" accommodations hare been
made with a view to their health and comfort-
Electric lighted throughout. Any person con-
nected with Mr. I*ne and going north la his
employ will call at once room «. 22 Market
st.. and Inquire about passage and freight.
Will Have Experienced Ice Pilots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will insure a prompt landing at Ujetr
destination.
For passage, freight, cold storace or Informa-
tion acoly at ones to
J. J, HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Rm, 6.
Or to Purser on board.
Keaiy Freight Will 8e Taken.
TIE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAN rziANCISCO
DIRECT FOR
JSTOls/HEi
THE WELL-KNOWN ALASKA FLYER,
S: S. HUMBOLDT.
Positive Sailing
WEDNESDAY MAT 30TH
S. S. ZEALANDIA
First Sailing .MONDAY. MAT 21ST
From Paclflc-st. Dock at J O'clock Sharp.
Second Sailing (approximate) JUNE 2~>TH
Parcel Express to AH Points.
For freight and passenger rates apply office.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LKAVE WHARF. COR-
O ner First and Branran streets, lpm.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai* and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS AMERICA MARU
.¦...........:..:... ....Saturday. May 19th. 1930
SS. HONGKONG MARU •
........ Thursday. June 14th. 13<v>
S3. NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July 10th. 13C0
Via Honolulu.
Bound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. A VERY". General Agent.
COMPAGNIS CENEBALE TRAWSATIiSTIQCE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. --.^
Salllns every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, f ronf\ November 2. 1%39. at -S«ir|*B
10 a. m..-from Pier 42. North River, foot o'
Morton st. L'AQUITAINE. May 21; LA TOU-
RAINE. May 31; LA BRETAGNE. June T; LA
LORRAINE. June 14. First class to Havre,
$60 and upward: 5 per cent redaction on round
trip."' Second class to Havre. v »43; S per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY*
FOR UNITED ' STATES AND CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building), New York. J. F.
KUOAZI 4 CO..- Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco,
OCEAN TRAVIX.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• . Steamers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
y-?^^. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m .
W$??CT» May 21. 2^. 31. .Iun» S. Chans;"
|*#C®^n to oomrany's steamers at
iS^SttNjtti For Victoria.* Vnncouvw <n.
BBPftTV*^'* *"¦*• Port Townsend, P»^tt!e.
r^^^B££Sail Tacoma. "Everett. Anacnrtu
"^***38a and New 'Whatcoin (Wash.)
11 a. m.. May 21. 26, 31, June
5, and every fifth day thereafter; change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. X. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. May
IS, 23. 28, June 2, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Han Luis Obispo). Gavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San P«Hlrr> (I^is An«reles> and Newport —
9 a. m.. May IS, 13. 27. 31, June 4, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Fan Piego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford 'San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and RMondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a.
m., May 17. 21. 25. 2D. June 2, and every fourth
1 day thereafter.
For En«enada, Masdaiena Bay. San Joso de!
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altat.i. La Paz, Santa Rosalia,
and CJuaymas. (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. May 8. and
7th of each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserresthe riRht tr» chan*^
steamers, sailing dat»s and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICK-4 N'e*jr Montgomery
street (Palace Hnte!V
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Amenta.
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
PARC S' 2 F |rst Class - including Berth
1 Mil l_ $8 Second Clqss and Meats.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 23, June S
COLUMBIA SAILS May H. *S, June 7
Bhort line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Rutte.-
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Kast.
E. C. WARD. General A««nt.
630 Market st,
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW YOKE. 60QTHAXFT0H. LONDON. PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbotirs. *v»stboun<1.
From Ne*v York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May 13' St. Louis Jun* 11
New Tork May 30i Neir York June V>
St. Paul June a St. Paul June 27
RED STAX UNc. . •
New/ Vor5f crjd Antwsr-».
From N»w Tork every Wednesday, 12 noon.
WeFternland ...May 23} Frlesland June 13
Kensington" May*Sw Sou»hwark June 20
Noordland June < Westernland ...Jane 27
tMPlR-i LINE.
S S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome and St.
Michael May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle to Nome. St. Michael and Yukon Rtver
Point«. June 3<\ July 31. August 30. For rates
and other information apply to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
*) MontKom»ry Street.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HONOT.UHT, APXA
AUCKLANO ANI» SVHSEY.
g. S. ' AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. May 30. MM). I p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Weil. June 13. 8 p. m.
2. it, tiPniUKe Ls & u.-.Ub. CO.. ngts.. ••? wZontsomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight Cinc». 32" Market St.
COSMOS LINE^ A o2 A .:£ss?rJ
32HAPI3 .400O Ton»
Mon*'ui7 8alll=g for Valparaiso and Hanbarg
Tisilaxioan ports. Central, South America. eta. j
S.S. Luxor, C*>CO tons, sails about June 3 1
I. I> SPEXrKlt'.S* BBOS.«'O_ JPiih, U* H<mUo<»~Ti StJ
rieJ v."-' r>te>« «'«"*• yii *" krt »»-»" *"* '¦*• J
*^*[ ,. , ,., , „ -, „ I,
C/\F»ES NOME!
A few Fir?t and Second Class Tickets left on
the Ocean Liner ••VICTORIA." 3502 registered
tons, for CAPE NOME, at OTTINGER'S
TICKF.T f>FFICK. 620 Market ftreet.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMEFvS.
~fl)R U/S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Aloatlcello."
MON. Tues. Wed.,, Thurs. and Sat., at 9;43
a. m.; 1:13. 8:39 p. m. (ex. Thurs. r.Uht): Frl-
day*. X p. m. and S:JO: Sunday*. 19:30 %. m.. S
p m. Landing and offles. Mission- street Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone Main 1503.
FARE • .•••• •'• 50o
-?- +
•?¦ Read about the Wander >
X Year of little Paloma -f
? Schramm, the pianist. It will X
X be published exclusively in >
+ next Sunday's Call. ~t
? 4
The Watchdog for tho Cold fields. I
Mr J».}^liii! ' l k' tes w^ en }t barks. It' will protect your claim
Winchester
C*w3yi u Ammunition
&3Pffiagjfflfc:l Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
gffipB|j|§j3p$gS^J • address en a postal card for 160-page illustrated
<^^^p|®/j V Winchester Repeating Arms Co., j
f^^^^^fgL-f 4' 8 Market St., San Francisco, CaJ.
1 In the Sunday Call j
2 . • rv\/\y 22O. I9oo. 5
I STARTLING SENSATIONS j
• Froni Revenue Collector to Stevedore. %
2 ' HE IS A SAN FRANCISCAN. %
1 . L S
I A ROYAL ROMANCE. J
q Drama of misfortune concerning King Milan, Count Zolnanyi q
9 "; "¦ and his young American bride. m •
• — — : : — — " , _••". . .". ' '.- a
8 THE "WANDER YEAR" OF A LITTLE •
• CALIFORNIA PIANIST. S
• ; . : 9
• LAST DAYS IN JOHANNESBURG. |
9 Told by an American who h.3s just come from there q
9 I direct to San Francisco. 9 '
¦ P- « : ; — — — — — • :
• READY FOR THE SUMMER SCORCHER. *
2 A page no cyclist can afford to miss. * ®
• FIRST DAYS OF THE PARIS EXPOSITION. 2
5 A novel account by Miss Genevieve. Green. The Call's g
m special correspondent in Paris. «,
'¦ • — — —- — : — -.-; ; ::. • ¦; • — — <?
• A REMARKABLE STUDY OF HALL CAINE. ®
O By the eminent William ]. D. Croke. LL. D. ' ", '] q
9 — : — .. • •.¦-"¦¦•'.-.¦ / ., — ,;••". . ": ;• ...'... r- •" .
| GENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER •
9 Closes his series oi virile articles with a splendid paper on • 9
• M Deeds of Our Soldier's in the Philippines." 9
1 • •". ' .:"..'••": :'-.. .:'.•"':" " -¦•-;-••¦ ¦¦ -¦ ¦ — _ — , : — . ©
2 A FASHION PAGE OF MOST GORGEOUS PARISIAN CRE* 2
• ATION3 WORN BY THEIR FAIR OWNER . : #
• • - ¦• ¦•' ¦¦¦•¦•- ..>• : - • . . - . ¦ . Bq
5 THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. I
:#:,- ' •; ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ' -.-¦ ' " i ' - ' /'¦ \ , •THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1900.
10
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— First-class cabinet makers. Home
Mfg. Co., B56 Brannan st.
WANTED — Practical vinegar maker; state ex-
perience and wages. Box 2355, Call office.
WANTED— First-class painters at 463 Geary
street. ..
WANTED — Blacksmith and shoer; steady Job.
2416 " Santa Clara ave.. Alameda. *
CARPENTERS wanted at 2929 Jackson it.;
7:30 morning.
WANTED— A French baker at 625 Clay st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half,
price. 662 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
LIVE3 hustlers, accustomed to systematic city
canvassing can make big money for the
next 30 days. Apply to J. P. MASSIE. room
14, fifth floor. Mills building.
WANTED— Thorough competent shoe salesman
for recall business; an exceptionally good op-
portunity for a man of ability. Address box
2351. Call office..
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of II and 35 years; nolMess than S feet
4 Inches and not orer 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citlxens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
530 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks: day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and lllustrate-i catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay St. ______-___—_.
BOY to learn manufacturing Jawelry. Apply
C. H. YOUNG. 12S Kearny st..' room »2A.
YOUNG man wanted to Uarn barbar trada.
Twenty-fourth and Sanches -ts. _^
WANTED— A good No. I waiter to go. In the
country. Call at 422 Third st.
WANTED— Old man: $5 a month. 30 Hannah
St.. Watts Tract, Oakland. t
WANTED— 2 good men to sell gold saver; call
at once. 1798 Fifteenth st.. cor. Guerrero.
YOUNG man to carry route on tnls paper. Ap-
ply between 12 and 1:30. 5 and 7. 13V» Bernard.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; U to J2 per week.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis sv .
MEN to learn bartering and hairdresslng at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 18
years' practice: Kxamlner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket! 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office,' 2200 Flllmore st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SAN FRANCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE;
next session begins June 11; catalogue upon
application. DR. E. J. CREELY. Dean, 510
Golden Gate ave.
CARLOAD well-bred, gentle horses; very
cheap. Occidental Horse- Exchange, 721-723
Howard st.
WANTED— Good horse, harness and buggy. In
exchange for piano. BYRON MAUZY, 303
Post st.
FOR sale — Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL, vet. dent.. 605 Golden Gate av.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market St.: Castro-st. cars pass the door.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; latest Improve-
ments; marine view; also corner house of 6
rooms and bath. 2317-2333 Leavenworth st.
m __LA R K SJPj^R_ 1^ E A L, ESTATE. '
CAMP ground to rent at Larkspur up the can-
yon. Apply to C. A. HOLM.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST — A pocket order book on train from Sul-
sun or Oakland boat. Wednesday evening; re-
ward. JAMES DREVER. 539 Market St.
LOST— Electric seal cape, near Polk, Sacra-
mento or Jackson; reward. 154 San Carlos av.
STRAYED— Gray* mare; "Z. G." on left leg.
Reward at 927 Larkln st. A. N. DIBENL
LOST— Open-faced silver watch with gold
•trimmings; Initials A. L. C. on back and on
fob: valued as keepsake. Return to A.
CARDOZO. 939A Howard at., and receive re-
ward.
S50 WILL be paid for the return of watch
No. 41,162; positively no questions asked. Ad-
¦ dress BROWN, box 2321. Call offlce.
LOST— Black Newfoundland dog. with white
feet and breast: license 3145. Return to 1S41
Lombard st. ; liberal reward.
MEDICAL. "
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure $5; have treated thousands of
cases with success ; 15 years' practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 10O7H Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles', specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cares successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
1023^ Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office, J5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and I— xkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market; ladles' spe-
clallst; treatment at office, $5; consultation
.free; hours 10 to 3. Phone Jessie 237.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market: ladles*
physician: chronic diseases treated; lat*
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
' slclan; English and German spoken: terms
reasonable. 8SS Castro St.. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
ment at office. $5: consultation free. 1122
Market st., between Mason and Taylor.
DR. NO -TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento,cor.Kearny;advlc« free.
NICE reliable home for confinement; reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom st.. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
Y. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists.
1118 Market St.; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife; private home
_; in confinement for ladles. S10 Eddy st.
DR. and MRS." M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor.' treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, . 2-hand machinery. Uc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Epear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture- and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made-
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75 Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
WHISKY for family, or medicinal use: 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid, $3 20; noth-
ing on case to Indicate contents; twice the
price could buy no better; mall orders sollc-
tted. F. EPHRAIM & CO.. 18 Montgomery.
ONE extra fine quality, double. 1 outer and 1
Inner, 2 compartmapts, flre and burglar proof
bank vault; made In sections for convenience
in shipping and for setting up; will sell at a
bargain for cash. Box 1SS0. Call offlce.
DOUBLE team express wagon for sale ch-ap;
capacity G00O pounds. Inquire M. STELLINU
coal yard. SE. cor. Seventeenth and Church. .
A FINE suit, S10: dress pants. 12 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND force pump with piping; good
order for windmill. 512 Gough st.
FINE new launch hull cheap for cash; engine
If desired. H. T. Bradley. 364 14th. Oakland.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
8 "f2, UNE> steel T r* 11 tor 8a '* cheap. BURX-
.STINE BROS.. 534-S39 Brannan st.
WB rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
Portland Loan Offlce. 2i Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving-
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
f^j MIS CELIVAISEOCS FOR SALE
BARBER fixtures and furniture; 2-chalr oatflt
complete: must be sold at once at a saennca.
Inquire room 614. Call bldg.
AUTOMATIC Wlllcox & Glbbs sewlnff machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st.,
near Fifteenth. ¦
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced t»
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco. <
( SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand, in good
condition, for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers;- lathes; 2d-hand. J. BUrke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. DENTHAM, 1S32 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st. .
SAFES— New and second hand. THB HER-
MANN 3AFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and bur_v
lar proof safe; cheap. 43 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THB
"WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher.; X
air compressor; 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Second-hand 23 horsepowsr boile*
an engine with belt. 324 Post st.
SECOND-HAND safe, suitable for country
bank. Address F. A. P.. U. 3. Mint, city.
WANTED— Second-hand upright plaao fo»
cash. H. L. "WHITE HEAP. 1710 Market st.
MOXEY TO*LOA.V.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEX. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at C per cent; 1st. 2d and Id mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advance- on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 843 Markat
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third Bt.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable plac» to borrow on dtamon.l-,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth {
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture an<S
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9, respectable, prlvata
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quids
service-: money direct _rlowest interest. Room*
63 and 69. Donohoa banding. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at lH_per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
322 Ellis St.. room 34. -
"WANTED — At once. Imp—red income ctty
property. $1500 to $5000, for cash, at SPECK
_ CO.'S. 667 Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge, 431 Callf-
TO salaried people; without security; all bust-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., 821 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 809 Examiner bonding.
$30 TO $50,000; lowest rates: 1st and 2d raortgs. I
any proposition. DRIDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 11J McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see IL MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or Indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
31USICAL l.NSTRl'MESTS.
AS we retirement the best make of pianos In
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you shouM
purchase; new upright pianos. $S cash. $6 per
month: other pianos $3, J* and $3 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of beautiful new style Deckers
just received: parties who have been waiting
for these will do well to call at once. MAU-
VAIS. 763 Market st,
A FINE Packard piano was sold recently to ths
Berkeley Hall Association. I. O. O. B\. by
the MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
IT is not wise to throw away money on a sec-
ond-hand instrument when you can get a
fine new one so cheap at MAUVAIS. 7K> Mar-
ket »t-
A NUMBER of exceptional bargains; "Weber.
Vose, Chickerlng. Sterling, Fischer; 175 up;
easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 18 OTarrell »t.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all uradea
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing cosslble done to please and satisfy tha
customer. ______________________________
WANTED— Ten square pianos and six organs)
for country schools. BYRON MAUZY. SOS
Post at.
$150 CASH will purchase a fine upright: call
et once. 1021 Van Ness ave.. room 7.
FOR sale— A nice Decker piano, JSO. Room U;
Flood building. ¦
SECOND upright for sale very cheap. Piano-
factory, cor. Market, 14th and Church; >:15.
A STEINWAY. $165: installments $3, $3. $7. |10|
rents t2 up. HEINE'S. 116 EUla st.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauiy Plaaoa. SC3 t3
312 Post st.
A FEW days only — New pianos. $3 50 pcr.no,
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ, 1|
McAllister St.. next Hlbemla Bank.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. aarent foe
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, .ithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. - Latham place*
OIL.
IF you are buying oil stock you better read on?
folder, "How to Judge an OH Company" 1
mailed fre* on application. The International
Investments Co.. Henne bldg.. Los Angeles.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain Collef» o£
Palmistry; reads 1 to I. 816 Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
A CHANCE for lady or gentleman going to
Parts; I crossed the continent 6 times; thers>
In 1SS3; London and Parts; In business In this
city 25 years: references good. For ten day*
call or addresa C2 Stanyan st,, near Park,
San Francisco.
; MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
: vice. 850 Market st., second floor, room 37.
*3 LADIES' French kid shoe for $2 at the Bett
Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, doesn't
make it a oolnt to charge extra for fancy or
elaborate hatrdresslng; that which -suits your
style only 25c. 123 Stockton et.
RESPECTABLE, responsible, reliable money
» lending house: lowest rates; established 1S31-
our own fireproof building; private entrance*
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
ave. , yr r
LEDERER'S Qulntonica Hair Tonic. 35c bottlav
and his Foamo Shampoo, 5c package, ar» tna
bost sellers because fine. 123 Stockton •_.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought- also old
gold. Portland Loan Office. 2$ Stockton st.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
me?tlc remnants. L. LKMO3. 111? Market _t
hetween Seventh and Eighth. ******* •*•«
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Wlnchear**
«otel. « Third -t^. nea/MarSt: 100 roSm?
JSc to $1 50 per nUat: $1 BO to $t per week^
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DETECTIVE-Honorable; confldenMal: secrets
Inviolate. Address box 430. Call offlc"
IE fi£e^
%£&,? ™™*«.
horn. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden st.. Oakland.
"in^e-tTlf^^nV 1116 for 7 0}1T cast-off cloth-
Ing call en- B. Cohen. 1.-.7 Third: tel. Black 412-.
PHOTOGRAPHIC
¦ W .?,Jw n ti k £ laIts fr ** : photo supplies; Backus
ttudio 11 Gesry st.. ground fioorT
PHYSICIAX5 AXD SURGEONS.
iQZiy» Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh. ,
"D^rnnn??^'^ 1 cure » ~ *rantee<_."
PR..GORDIN. Sanitarium. .14 Pine st,
E JL STTAN S Cure, tl; m,
poor every Wednesday, it Geary «. -*~--"
____________^<
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
A— $1000— RESTAURANT; hardwood furniture.
Money-maker
1 furnished rooms: owner 6 years; clears $125
month. 6TENBERG CO.. H33 Market Bt.
A. STENBERG & CO.....
PHONE FOLSOM 134S
1260— Branch bakery with sunny rms.; Mission.
*65O— Cigar etand on Market Bt.; receipts $15.
$450 — Cor. grocery and bar; owner there 7 yrs.
A. STE.VBBRQ CO.. 935 Market at.
A— $400; LAUNDRY route clearing $60 a month;
good harse and wagon; full investigation and
trial solicited before buying; splendid oppor-
tunity. STENBERG CO.. S35 Market St.
A— $650; RESTAURANT north of Market; many
years established and doing a first-class busi-
ness; will tx-ar Investigation: owner compelled
to sell, sickness. STENBERG CO.. S35 Market.
CANDY and Icecream parlor: Market St.; sick-
ness^
CIGAR store; heart city; worth $600 for $350;
cause, death. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A CORNER downtown saloon: best south of
Market; snap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
BRANCH takery and candy store; living rms.;
cheap rent. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
DELICACY store; fine location: cheap rent;
with rooms. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— GROCERY and delicacy store; full stock;
big bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
LIVERY end boarding Btable; clears $150
month; sickness. COWING & CO.. 718 Market.
$t60 — STORAGE and draying business; large
barn; 3 fine horses and harness; everything
complete: business on paying basis. KREDO
& CO.. 36 Geary et.
J275— BRANCH bakery. confectionery and
cigars; party going to country: location ex-
cellent: no opposition; a bargain. KREDO &
CO.. S6 Geary st.
$350— A DOWNTOWN restaurant; $30 dally;
call for particulars. KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary.
$4<Xi— SALOON on O'Farrell St.; a snap.
$750 — Blacksmith shop across the bay.
$1000— Lod. house; 25 rooms, nr. Market & 6th.
$15,000— Brewery in complete order; terms easy.
. See SLINKEY _ PAGE, 873 Market, nr. 6th.
LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN.
Saloon and boarding house; S8 rooms; rent
$40; good location; profitable business; owner
retiring cause of sale. M. A. BROOKS. 12
Golden Gate ave.
$250 — WOOD. coal, hay and gTaln business;
other business cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
A— $3dO— PARTNER wanted in good paying
business; IIS to $2." a week; no experience re-
quired: trial' given. 206 Montgomery ave.;
hours 2 to 5 D. m.
FOR sale at a bargain— Grocery store, etock and
fixtures; horse, wagon, etc.; owner retiring on
account of health of his wife. For particulars
apply TILLMANN & BENDEL.
j STATIONERY, candy and notion store: must
be sold in 3 days at less than Invoice price;
a snap. Apply 433 McAllister; no agents.
$100 WILL buy a legitimate paying business.
WM. HEFLINGER, 1064 Washington St.,
Oakland.
$800— GROCERY and bar, suitable for man and
wife; good location; reason for selling, party
going East. Apply 1034 Howard St.
HORSESHOEING business: steady trade;
chance for right party: retiring from busi-
ness. G., 1M1 Mission st.
PAYING drug store for. sale; must sell at once;
good reasons. Address box 2357. Call offlce.
FRUIT and oyster stand. 1576 Market St.; must
sell : cheap.
$450— RELIABLE man partner In stage route
carrying- U. 6. mall. Lane & Co., S65 Market.
FOR sale— Modern safe, 76x39x31-47x26x18; also
one small one. Box 234S, Call.
ROAD houee; 20 acres: must fce sold; a snap;
time. JG4 Third st., room 9.
BALOON: doing good business; wholesale dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. Apply 12 First st.
BALOON: good location. Inquire at 604 Kearny
et.. room 1L
GROCERY and saloon; good location; good
Etock and fixtures; at a bargain. 213 Natoma.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale Immediately;
owner going north: paying well; Al location;
$2500; no agents. Box 2322, Call offlce.
A GOOD- PAYING dairy for sale; no reasonable
offer refused; departure. Box 2334, Call.
A RESTAURANT: suitable for man and wife;
good location. 239 Eighth St.
FOR SALE— Saloon: old-established place; rent
$20. SCULLY & SON. 4!0 Sacramento st.
WELL paying branch bakery, living rooms, for
rale cheap account of leaving city. Call 3012
Sixteenth St.
FOR sale — The Central Hotel in Napa, con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa. CaL
PARTY leaving- the city has for sale a tin and
copper shep: also steel range; doing good
business; eFtabllfhed 14 years. 411H Califor-
nia et.. EUGENE ROBINET.
DRUG store for tale or exchange for San Fran-
cleco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug etore In a good mining town; cash trada.
Call st 730 O'Farrell st.. city.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
• W. CA SWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia M.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
110-ROOM hous»: best on earth $4500
12 rooms; on McAllister st 400 1
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 1000 |
22-room house; on Turk st 750
12 rooms; on best street 400
34 rooms; corner: clears $200 1600
10 room?; on Jones; clears $S5 400
10 rooms; fine corner; on MiB*lon 450
10-room house; new furniture 200
12-roonv house; on Post fit 400
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call office.... &50
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments , 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— $500 $500
100 ROOMS
MUST SELL.
WINSTON & CO.. 1C26 Market st.
1750—16 ROOMS, nicely furnished, nr. 4th and
Market: rent reasonable; house full steady
roomers: owner wants to leave city. KREDO
& CO.. 36 Geary St.
LANE & CO.. E65 Market, will **11 your lodg-
lng house or buciness quickly for cash; list it
with us; be convinced: costs nothing.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE north Market: 36 rooms;
cause, death. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
$650—22 ROOMS; cheap rent; always clears
I from $50 to $75 month. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy.
' $1200—38 ROOMS, all rented: good location, near
Market; cent.; rent $75 month. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harnees.
eta. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & ?d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
nets. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, S
p. m. 14 McAllister St.. r. 35; admission 10c.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's test circle to-night
at 8: 10c; readings daily. 5 Hyde et.
_DWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis et.— Seance Sun- I
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MRS. LESTER BAILEY— Circle this evening;
10c; readlncs dally. 1204 Fillmore st.
GO to WATFON. the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist; 25c. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; 8A Sixth St.;
I few days only; cut this out.
MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatments. 12C6 Market St.. rooms 15-16.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clalrvoyant. test, business
medium, life .reader; sitting, $1. 1104 Market.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket. bet. 10th nnd 11th: dr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A MRS! "pR CLARK— —
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
et.. may be consulted on all affairs of life;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for. circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK. 205
Turk St., n»ar Jones.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls: has the greatest Egptlan
secret; fIiows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
THE new and best-known method of reading
cards; truth only; price 10c, 15c. 400 Grove.
MADAM DEN.NT, clairvoyant and card reader;
' 25c and 50c. 7C2 Bryant et., near 6th; no sign.
MIES MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
r»ader;German spoken. S21H Mission, op.Mint.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. S23
Mission st., near 4th, rm. 3; Sic up; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader; readings 25c; no sign. ¦
LIFE readir.c* with cards. 2uc and uOc; palm-
e Istry tl. _S2 Market, r. Tl. opp. O. F.'s bldg.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; sit-
. tings dally. 2124 Sixth st. ' .
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. EYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's Picture; 25c; ladles. 814 O'Farrell st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
LEE C. PRAY, carpenter and general Jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboards | made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Bailey block, room 2, Dwlght
way station. Berkeley. ;
COACHMAN, gardener; useful; single man;
middle-aged, sober, reliable; understands lawn
flowers, gardening, milking and generally use-
ful around place; references. Please address
P. P.. box 2260. Call foflce. - '- :.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable married
man with first-class references; either as
night watchman or any other position of
trust; security given if required. Address
box 2776, Call offlce, Oakland. •.". ' -
RELIABLE young man, 24 years' experience in
bookkeeping and general office work, wishes
position with firm of this city; references
from late employer. Address box 2356. Call.
WANTED— Position as city drummer and col-
lector;, very .well acquainted In city; can give
very good references, and security if neces-
sary. Address b6x 2258. Call offlceA
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; wages $10 per month;
best reference; no milking. H. W., 410 Sixth.
COACHMAN and gardener, reliable and indus-
trious, wants situation in private place; un-
derstands care of cows and chickens; sood
references. Address P. LUND. 360 Seventh
St.. Oakland. . -. ""¦*****;%*
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant offlce
man or other DOsltlon In business house; the
¦ beBt of references and security If necessary.
Addreaa T. H., 400 Post St. -
WANTED— By man and wife posttlon in a
- private family; wife good cook; man to work
about place. Address box 4591. Call office.
WANTED— Position on fruit ranch by married
man; competent to take entire charge; wife
good cook. Address box 2111, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS engraver, chaser and die sinker
wants steady position. Address box 2347, Call
offlce.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants work for evenings
and Sundays. Apply to box 2350. Call offlce.
ENGLISHMAN from Bristol. 30, honest, sober.-
fond of hard work, neat in appearance, good
writer, quick at figures, wants position; low
wages where chance of advancement; Al ref-
erences. Box 2330, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by a gentleman over 33 In
a bank or first-rate business: country or town;
quick at figures; knows French and Italian
thoroughly; beat refs. given. Box 2320, Call.
ELDERLY, active man wants situation with
private family as gardener, horses, etc. ; small
wages; first-class references. Gardener, box
2335. Call offlce.
GOOD paperhanger, painter, tinter, etc., handy
""with tools, wishes situation; city or country
hotel; reasonable wages. Box 2172. Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia St. ¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417V4 Third st
FLAT to let. 4 rooms; rent $12; 862 Ivy. ave.
Apply 383 Grove St.
FURNISHED flat to let or sell; everything
new; 3- rooms. 650 A Jessie st., first floor.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard; base-
ment; modern improvements. 1931, 1935
OFarrell St.; rent cheap..
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
GREAT SNAP! "
Furnishings of new 6-room flat for sale; Hyde
and Sutter sts.; all cash not necessary if re-
sponsible; best Brussels carpets, brass bed.
blnlseye maple dressing table, bureau, etc. ;
mahogany parlor furniture, pictures, bedding,
dishes; nothing lacking; been occupied three
weeks; rent of flat $40. Inquire H. J. MOORE,
1029 Market st. *
SUNNY, modern 7-room flat. Just finished. 323
Bartlett st.
MODERN flat— 5 rorfms. furnished, piano; $15.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON, 1706 Market st.
. FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottage, only In use S
months, for hi price; rent $10; can be seen
from 1 to 4 p. ro, 3122 Twenty-fifth st.
FOR sale— New oak furniture of six rooms
and house for rent: 3 rooms rented for $22;
house rents for $27 60; price $250. 313 Turk St.,
from 2 to 5 p. m.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for MS 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. ,
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission Ft., pays
highest price for your, second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.- 757 Mission; tel. Iced 3353.
HELP WANTED — FI231ALB.
c7^TliANSE>rirco . ... . .phone grantTSs
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, mountain resort, $20, fare both
ways; 6 waitresses. Lake Tahoe, for June 1,
$20 and fare; waitresses for water resort. $20;
10 waitresses, commercial hotels. $20 and $25;
2 waitresses, country, $25 and found, fare
here; 2 waitresses, city hotel, $25; 3 waitresses,
city, $20; restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7
week; 4 chambermaids who can wait for din-
ner, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
woman with a child, $15; 10 cooks, $25. city;
2 ranch cooks, $20 each; houseglrl, email
American family, no wash, $25; housegirls,
city and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
•Geary st.
HEAD waitress for summer resort, $30. C. R,
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN with a child. $15; 10 cooks, city, $25; I
ranch cooks, $20 each; housegirl, small Ameri-
can family, no wash; 25 housegirls, city and
country. $15, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101
Geary st. . -
WANTED— 3 fancy lroners. $30. city and coun-
try: second girl, $20, nice country place, see
party to-day; Scandinavian cook, $30; 4 second
girls, $20; Scandinavian second girl, $25; seam-
stress and chambermaid, $20; 2 waitresses,"
.'country hotel, $20; waitresses, coffee house, $7
week; 10 waitresses, city and country hotels,
$20 and $25; 2 French nurses, $20; a large num-
ber of house girls, $20, $25, city and country.
J. F. CHOSETT CO.. 316 Sutter st.
15 GIRLS; housework; city and country.
10 waitresses; city and country. ¦
Employment Bureau, room 202, .927 Market st.
WANTED— A girl for family resort near city;
not over 35 years old. Apply at George HU-
derbrandt Stables, on Powell sf., between
Green and Union.
WIDOWER wishes working housekeeper for
country; wages $10; good home .' for right
party; age 35 to 40. Call United States Hotel,
123 Eddy St., from 10 to 2; not suited yet.
TWO girls and a boy (13 to 16 years of age) to
learn printing trade; $4 per week first year;
hours H to 6. Box 2354, Call office.
WANTED— German : girl for upstairs work;
wages $20. Apply mornings, ¦ 1004 Paru St.,
Alamoda. Morton Bt. station; narrow gauge.
WANTED— German or Scandinavian eirl for
chamberwork and waiting; city references re-
quired. . Call 19Z5 Jackson st.
GIRL general housework and cooking; plain,
.washing; small family; wages $20; references.
182S Fell st. ". ¦ ¦:¦¦ ¦ :-.
WANTED— An experienced Infant's nurse. Call
between 10 and 12 a. m. at 2325 Gough st.,
corner of Broadway. ' :
AV ANTED— Hotel cook. 423 Drumm street;
wager, $25. . .
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk waists.
S. F. Manfg. Co.. 409A Turk st. -
WANTED— A girl for light • housework. Apply
at CC6 Fillmore St.. Friday. ' -
WANTED— Waitress for noon and evening. 106
Second st. -.
.WANTED- An experienced chambermaid for
lodging-house. 106 Eddy et ¦ - ¦ \ ¦ .
WANTED— Competent crockery saleslady: give
experience and references. Box 2359, Call. '
WANTED—Glrl for s general housework; wages
J15. 927 Fourteenth st. V "
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking;
$15 month. 1117 Van' Ness ave. ';
GOOD tailoress wanted on coats at 319 Ellis st.
GIRL for light housework. Call at 116 Col-
: lingwood Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to do light housework.
Call 1017 Valencia st. : .-,.. •
YOUNG lady ¦ to assist in general : housework;
: cal 1 ' between 0 ¦ and 12. : . 1026 Noe Bt. :-.-¦¦
WOMAN or : girl for housework ; > sleep ' home."
Apply bakery, SE. cor. ISth and Noe sts.
GOOD cook for home restaurant; reliable. 1523
/Polk st. ,¦¦•;.....¦¦-:•.. . ,-" .-.;;¦¦. ......-.¦• : :a>.--, . .;
GIRL for general housework; 8 in family; after
3:30 p. m. ,509V_ Hyde st. . : .,-
GERMAN or Scandinavian i girl for general
" . housework ; $15 : a month. E61A Natoma ' St..
, between Sixth and Seventh. .
APPRENTICE for hairdresslng parlor; paid
-while learning.' Box; 2336, Call- office. ¦
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
~~~x~> _^ ~GIRLS! ~~GIRLin
Highest .wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32^_ Fremont.
4 OR 5 lady solicitors for an easy selling "la-
dles' medicine"; in city and surrounding
towns; salary and t/mmission to experienced
parties. Call at 321 Sacramento st.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis St.
FIRST-CLASS' vest maker. 8H Antonio 'Bt.,<
between Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones.
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore gt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ' .
HELP WANTED—MALE.
WANTED ........'...'. ........„.!„. ..^
30 teamsters for vineyard, steady work. $28
and found, free fare, to go to-morrow
OFFICE FEE, $1
Engineer and sharpen tools, small mine, see
bosa here, $2 50 to $3 a day
Walter and wife for mining camp JCO
Horseshoer, country, $3 50 a day; hostler,
country stable, $30 and found; buggy washer,
city, S60; hostler for business firm, $30 and
found .-.
10 haying hands $1 25 a day and board
4 milkers $30 and found
3 laborers, near city $2 a" day
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
A-MURRAY & READY.. PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
FREE FARE AND $1 OFFICE FEE and no
other expenses to Los Angeles and Santa
Barbara districts; we ehlp you to-day 9 a. m.
and 6 p. m. for the S. P. R. R.; laborers,
teamsters, $2 day.
• FARE PAID
For laborers (no experience necessary) for
the sawmills and woods, $28 to $40 and fare
paid; ateo 250 woodchoppers and tlemakers.
BIG WAGES— LABORERS FOR MINES.
25 laborers (no experience required).. $60 & fd
IP muckers, gold mines... .$75 & $60 & found
40 single hand miners $75
top carmen. $52 50; tool sharpener. $60: 150
- laborers, city and all parts of California,
$1 73 to $2 50 day; also teamsters, $2 day.
MECHANICAL HELP
Circular sawyer, $75 & fd; screwtender, $32
& fd: 15 blacksmiths. $00, $45 and $40. $2 50
and ?3 50 day; blacksmith's helper, $10 and
$12 week
carpenter, rough work $2 50 day
wagon maker, boiler makers, coopers
• MISCELLANEOUS
8 butchers, slaughter-house, shop and ranch
$30 to $50
stablemen, buggy washers, hostler.. $30 & fd
4 farmers and wives $35 and $40 & fd
FARMS— ORCHARDS— DAIRIES
10 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb
$135 day
> cheesemaker, see bosa here $35 & fd
; 40 milkers, city and all parts California
••••• $25 to $35 and fd
milk wagon drivers, city
choreman, make butter $30 & fd
125 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
"•-••• • $25 and $35
25 hay makers $30 and $35
gardeners, J25 and $30; choremen and boys
20 laborers, Alameda Co ....$34 & fd
10 laborers, no experience required, large
mining company $34 &,M
for numerous other positions come down and
read bill boards . .
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
A-BAKERS COOKS WAITERS
Baker, country shop, $35 & fd., also helpers;
25 cooks,' restaurants, hotels and boardlng-
houees, $30 to $60 & fd: lroners. country
laundries. $25 and $35 & fd: 15 waiters, city
and country. $25 and $30; boy for laundry:
elevator boy, etc.; dishwashers, city and
country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
BUTLER, $25 and found; cook, country hotel
$40; restaurant cooks, $3 and $10 week; wait-
ers, $25, $35 and $40; porter for club, $25 and
found; dishwashers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT'S Agency. 628 Sacramento at.
60 WOODS and mill men. $40 and Increase, fare
reduced; laborers for mill and woods, $26 to
$40 and found; 20 woodchoppers, $1 25 to $3;
bark peelers, $40 and board; crosscut sawyers.
Jack screwers and others, J. F. CROSETT'S
Agency. 628 Sacramento st
ERRAND boy. $3 week; 3 men and wives pri-
vate families, $40 and $50; laundryman and
wife, $60; lroner, $30 and found; marker for
laundry, $30 and found; farmers, $40; milkers,
$30; drivers for milk wagons, $20, $25 and $30
and found: can washer. $30 and found. J.»F.
CROSETT'S Agency. 62S Sacramento st.
BAND sawyer, $4 day; engineer and blacksmith
for sawmill. $100;. engineer and trol sharpener
for mine, $2 50 to- $3 day; 3 cabinet makers,
30c an hour; 3 carpenters, $3 to $3 50 day; 5
blacksmith's, $2 SO to $4 day: wagon and car-
riage smith. $3 50 day; carriage smith's help-
er. $2 to $2 50 day; machinist for country. $3
day; 3 bollermakers for country. $3 75 day;
bootblack for country, $9 to $10 week; 8
miners, $2 B0 day; carman; 2 muckers, $2 day;
wheelwright for ranch. $35. J. F. CROSE/TT'S
Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Wanted, 500 men for railroad work, teamsters,
rockmen, laborers and men to build fences,
$2 a day, free fare.
20 railroad laborers for company work, $2 a
day, board $4 50 a weak.* free fare.
10 laborers, near city, $2 a day; 20 laborers
and teamsters, city, $175 a day: 10 quartz
miners, $2 50 a day; 30 muckers, $2 and $2 50
a day; 20 men for sawmills and woods. $30
and found, fare advanced: 10 ranch teamsters.
$26 and $30; 6 milkers. $2_ and $30; 2 ranch
blacksmiths, $35: ranch wheelwright, $35;
blacksmith's helper, $35; 20 quarrymen, $2 25
a day.
Coachman, with good references. $30: man
about place, country. $30; man and wife, pri-
vate place. $40.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $75; broiler. $60, country hotel:
fry cooks and broilers, $50 to $50; baker and
pastry cook, $35 to $40; assistant cook. $30. for
summer resort: pastry cook, good Ice cream
maker, country hotel, $30; pantryman,
springs, $25; kitchen hand, springs, $25; 20
dishwashers, potwashers, vegetablemen and
kitchen hands, city and country, $20, $25 and
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 153.
TAILOR wanted to take charge of tailor shop
for 4 months; you get all you take in; cash
business: a deposit of $50, or will sell on re-
turn "from Paris; will pay double; machines,
cloths and trimmings all you want In store;
pleasant place to live; this chance for ten
days. Call or address 622 Stanyan st., near
Park, San Francisco.
"WANTED— Boy for porter work and lunch
counter waiter; German preferred; call early.
Criterion Saloon, 48 Stockton st.
SMART man with good connection to call on
families; salary and commission; 9 to 11.
Room 42. 916 Market St. ..
FIRST-CLASS saw filer. Apply at the Cal.
Barrel Co., Illinois and Twenty-second sts.,
Potrero. S. F. *
BARBER wanted: short hours. 239 California
street^ '
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
must be good. 12 Fifth st.
BARBER; good workman, wanted; wages. 120
• Geary st.
BARBER for Saturday: $3; Friday on commis-
sion if wish it. 623 Clay st.
BARBER — Saturday and Sunday; steady. 629
JQnlon St., near Powell.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday; wages.
1207 Scott st. -
TWO barbers wanted. 11 Sixth st.
WANTED— Two barbers for Sunday. 797 Mls-
• slon st. "-. .
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday at 1008
Mission st.
BARBER, young man of steady habits, good
workman, wants situation. S. J., box 2317.
$50— 2-CHAIR barber shop: must be sold; rent
cheap. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
BARBER shop for sale; cheap; corner Golden
Gate and Hyde: proprietor going East.
BARBER shop for sale: 2 chairs; good loca-
tion and business. Box 2777, Call, Oakland.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
1 baths. 120 Geary st. J ; .
WANTED— Goo.1 fitter at E. MESSAGER'S
Cloak Store. 145 Post, st. ;¦
WANTED— Coatmaker to go to country. Call
DETMER -WOOLEN CO., 11 Sansome st.
WANTED-^Shoemaker to. do sewed work In re-
pairing. Call 8 o'clock. a. m., 133 Sixth st. -
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith on general wagon
and truck. work. 128 Spear st. ¦
LUNCH waiter "wanted. 506 Howard st., near
First. . : , > •
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to DOc. G62 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD waiter wanted at 236 Townsend st.
WANTED— A waiter at 135 East st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. SUMMERFIELD <_
.ROMAN,: corner Fifth and Market sts.
LABORERS wanted. ' TAYLOR & KOELZER
. whltewashers, 6 1578 ; Market st. .
GOOD • pressman • on pants ; • steady, work. 104
"... Kearny Bt., top .floor. . .
WANTED— A young man to work in kitchen-
$25. 18 Eddy st. •
BREAD baker wanted." 111-113 Larkln St.. near
. .• Grove: . ' ¦ r ;ff|fffJryWWfffWltlHlW-CTITtOC
WANTED-^Laborers on Belvedere sewer; Tib-
uron. "Apply on work." :-...
WANTED— Single 'butcher. : with good refer-
;- ence. ¦¦ Call at Polk-st. Market. 2004 Polk st.
BELLBOY r wanted. Hotel Baltimore, Van Ness
ave. ; 15 to 18 years old.
CAPE AOME.
THE Al steamship Newsboy, for Nome direct;
¦will sail May 28. ¦ For passage and freight
apply to 418 California st., room 32; telephone
John 1151- ¦
TO Cape Nome for $30 by 4000-ton steel steamer
sailing May'26 frfcm S. F. C. F. MOORE. *15
Market st.. room 6. Agent. - ,
CAPE NOME rocker; lightest and best In the
market; price J10. 1911% Mission st.
ABSOLUTE remedy for seasickness ; 60 cents
per bottle. 1019 Sutter st.
CARPET BEATIXG AND CLEAKIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. Ing works, 353— S37 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.. !
tel. South &35 — Packing, moving and storage.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-244 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Eth st ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning; Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor. 1
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating "Works, 333 Golden
Gate are.; telephone East 1?6. s
COLLECTION OFFICES.
OEOR^^ KElZrs'A sency^No chirge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market et.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and E rooms, basement:
yard; stable; also corner bay-window flat. 7
rooms, bath. 1876 Fifteenth Bt., near Dolores.
COTTAGE— 4 rooms and cellar; good order. 417
Green 6t., near Dupont; rent $8.
$12 — COTTAGE of S rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat. bath. $18. Apply 2524 California at.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. $5: a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
¦without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. £4 Sixth Bt.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teethe
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 CO up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. -W. WILLIAMSON. M. D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no student«; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, |1 up;
silver. tOc; painless extraction, 50c; «*<« given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor.flth.
DR. LUDLTJM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting, 6O0; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy St.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. S3; fillings, .5c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O. YOUNG,
1841 Polk st.'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Gcjden Gate ave.; a special ward rejtrved
for contagious diseases. Telephone Eid 2S7.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 73c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; degs boarded. TeL Weet 636.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SKAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
lng and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Po6t.
MME. REMBERT, DSO Sutter st.. dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. DreEsmaklnR, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 2S7 Geary st : dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Pout, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building: Gallagher, 18 years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F. —
Practical courses in bookkeeping-, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES'. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, tpylng: life
scholarship. $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year pot positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.:
the coming pchool; thorough; up to da'te ; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER XAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher
b«st system." M. G. BARRETT, J02 Montgmy.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pttie st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Sin-. 36 Geary, r. 34.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI,
IOCS Mission; annual concert May 16, 421 Post.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United : States or Canada one year for Jl,
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A — MOST reliable Japanese arid Chinese em-
ployment offlce; establif=hed over five years.
421 Post ft.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office:
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. 806V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 4UV4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOY3IEXT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS American cook with good refer-
ences desires situation as cook in American
family. $30. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary at. ;
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or as cook on ranch; good reference.
MRS. M. LISTON. P. O. box 27, Haywards,
Cal. . ¦ ¦ ¦ '
YOUNG German girl wishes a situation for
general housework or upstairs work: wages
|20 to $25. Apply 13 Lucky ave., bet. Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth, Folsom and Treat.
WANTED— Situation as general helper In res-
taurant kitchen by experienced woman; quick
and willing. Call or address MRS. L. B., 428
Third Bt. ; private house. >
AN American woman wishes situation to do
any kind of work; good housekeeper; will
work by day at tl and carfare. 242^4 Minna
St., downstair*, not in rear.
WOMAN wishes situation to do general house-
work or to go out by the day. Call at 608
Stevenson st.
AN experienced girl desires general work,
cooking and ¦ help with children; wages 120.
221 Hickory ave. }'-.,.;
COLORED woman wishes work In private fam-
ily by the week or day. Box 2353, Call offlce.
WOMAN wants a situation as a working house-
keeper or lady's nurse. Call at C23 Howard.
POSITION wanted by a neat young girl as
waitress In restaurant or nice boarding-
house. 1 Hampton place, near Third st., 1 off
Folsom.
COLORED woman, first-class cook, would like
situation In an institution or small boarding
house; good references. Address 933 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Typewriting, transcribing, copying,
letters, etc., at home. Adty-esa box 2349, Call.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation a- house-
keeper: good reference. 508 Franklin st.
WINCHESTER Hou.^e. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; t&c to: $1 50 night: $1 SO to $8
¦'" week, convenient - and • respectable; ttt» • 'bus <
and baggage. to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ! and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH 1 offlce for Call advertisement- and
subscript loos haa beea established at KBI V*-
/ lend*' «t." ->¦::,;-; ' ' • -"i
SAX FRAJTCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open,
until 12 o'clods every night In the- year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 027 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; cpen until S:30 p. m.
*00 Hayes street; cpen until 9:S0 p. ra.
639 McAllister etreet; open until 9: JO p. m.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
i:>4i Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22fl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open on-
t!l 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 8 p.m.
1096 VaJencla Etreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until S p. m.
MEETING . NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comma ndery No. 1, K. -•?-—.
T., 6 Post st. Regular assembly THIS TajST
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. ffS
Installation of officer*. All t raters TSF
courteously Invited. By order of the .»
Eminent Commander.
HI RAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
YERBA BTENA Lodge of Perfection "$f
No. 1— Meeting THIS <FR1DAY) A
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. Degree 14. J6_\
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary. <&*&
REGULAR meeting of the Cale- _ <3T >.
d nian Club THIS (FRIDAY) A __» Jj
EVENING, at S o'clock, at Scot- Xk\<J
tieh ll_:i. 117 Larkln t-t. Scottish %s_5*
songs. Clansman D. H. .KINNIE.
ANGUS UcLEOD. Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
Ing cf the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 827 Market
et.. San Francisco. CaJifornla, on MONDAY,
the 2Sth day of May, ISKKi, at the hour of t p.
m., for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to serve for the- ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday. May 18 1&00. at > o'clock
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of the stockholders cf the Independent Elec-
trlck Llcht and Power Corrpany will be held
at the otSce of in- conruaanj". 327 Market St.,
, San Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 2Sth
day or May. A. D. YMQ. st the hour of 11
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
boerd of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of ruch other busl-
u<-sf> as may come before the meeting; trans-
fer book- will close on Friday. May 25. 1900.
at 3 o'clock p. m.
J. M. TAYLOR, Secretary.
ASTIIOLOGY.
PROF. A. UASEZtT of Erypt. (greatest astrol-
ogist and p&imiFt in the world; satisfaction
guarantf-d. 15 Powell et. "
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without -uocess: collections. G. W. 1
HOWE, ctt'y at law, SSO Market.cor.Stockton. I
R. W. KING, 927 Market St.. room €27; all
ca*<»s; i.o advance charges: call or write.
ADVICE free: no charge unless -uccessful. V?.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma gpreckels bldg.. S27 Mar-
ket st. : consultation free; no fees in advance.
11ATII CAUINET HOT AIR. VAPOR.
ROBIN&ON $5 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
snd Bare. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 4.6 Ellis.
1IELGIAN' HAKES.
AUCTION!
AUCTIONI
AUCTION!
. BELGIAN HARES.
SATURDAY. MAY U. 1900,
At 2 p. m..
12S7 BROADWAY (OPPOSITE POSTOFFICE).
OAKLAND.
To make room and to get you interested we
will offer you bargains. All stock thoroughbred
and full p*digre«-(J; b»st strains.
AUCTION !
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
IMPORTED FASHODA CONQUEROR.
By Champion Fashoda. out of doe by Griniby
Star, imported expressly to head our stud;
the only living image cf his celebrated sire;
Fashoda Comjufror w!!i be bred only to high-
clars dofs; service f50; fanciers and Judges \
of thoroughbred Heigians are cordially In-
vited to visit Fashoda Conqueror, the finest J
}:•...*:. now in America; correspondence so- 1
licited: visitors welcome; arable facilities for j
care of d'jw shipped us by express.
IMPERIAL .RABBITRY,
FRUITVALE AVK.,' FRUITVALE. CAL.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN" HARE ASSOCIA-
TION.
Canltal Stock £2.000.
IMPORTERS. BREEDERS AND JOBBERS.
S?i<>cial Discounts to Dealers.
Call ar.d ?xarr.lne the lArpe*t ar>d best assort-
ment of Harw on the Pacilie Coast.
We giarint" our animate and pedigrees.
SO animal? JUFt received from England that
will astonish yru.
GEO. A. YOUNG, Manager.
Webster-st. Station.
Narrow-srauee Railroad. Alameda.
Telephone Gran-1 LSEL
MRS. A. M. HUSH" ~~~
OFFICIAL SCORER.
Will be at the GoWen Gate Belgian Rare Com-
pany'- RabbMry. dS-Cll Golden Gate ave.. Sat-
urday. May 2S\ from S a. m. Thoee de-lrtn^r to
have their ar.lir.als sc«_>re>d can secure club rates
by bringing them to the aVive address on that
d?.t-. IRA BARKER DALZIEL.
CHAMPION
BELGIAN HARE
SANITARY HEADQUAJITERS.
Nothing but finest -tock for sale.
Also. Radical Snuffle Cure, 60c
lOOS'^ Sutter et.. S. F.
THOROTGHBRED Belgian doea, bred to Royal
SovereUrn. tlO to J20; to Emperor of Norfolk.
f_0 to SSO; 10 Ajai fhlErhest-ecorlnr buclc In
America!. $30 to $50; youngsters, all strains. 6
weeks J:' " (i : K) weeks, 13 CO; 3 months, !5 and
tT M>. Ker.wood Rabbltry. J>30 14th St.. Oakland.
REPFWT RABRITRY— Choice Sir Styles. Yu-
kon. Eanbury. Klond'ke Nuriret. Red Rover.
Duke cf Auckland and others; fine does, ready
to litter; crack yours tucks. Seventh and
Cay sts.. Oakland.
CLAREMONT Belrlan Hare A -soclatlon— Does
brf-d to Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale,
110 to $50: b-st rtra:n youncrters, 12 to Jli.
4916 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
LORD Fashoda Chief. Imported March, 1900; j
score. 95^; fee. JJ5: breeding does and does '
with littens. EUREKA RABBITRY. 1616 Turk.
TREMONT BELGIAN HARE CO.. 2X34 Fill-
tnore et.. Kan Francisco. Cal. Send 6 cents
In etamce for hnok on care and feedinr.
BICYCLES For Bale or exchange.
NEW Cleveland bicycles: better than ever; $40.
LEAVITT A- DILL. 3f» Larkln St.
GREAT bargains !n aecond-hand bicycles: from
16 up: seed for Met. LEAVITT & BILL. 309
Larkin ft.. Pan Francisco.
BOARDING FOR CHILDRE5.
CHILD 2 years up; sunny yard; experienced
woman. C21 Castro et. - -.-
BOOKS XBW AXD OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS boueht and exehang-4.
Fr!r>»« n^M O. rnt «.t«-.i~- «t -¦„- Thirfl.
BOOT AXD SQOB BARGAIXS.
BARGAINS, ladles' and children's shoes; drum- |
tners' samples ir.fc. cost. Kohlbecher. 145 4th.
Ml'SIXESS ClIAXCES.
A^SIEOO; COFFEE saloon; established many ;
years and doing a lint-class paying business; '
rent $100; choicest location; only two blocks :
north of Chronicle bldg. Particulars R. G '
WILKE. S&6 Market Et.
A — ISSfr; CORNEIi branch bakery and grocery,
with 4 living rooms, on Geary st. ; low rent
ar.a good paying business; a rare chance. '
Call It. G. WILtCE. 906 Market st.
A— *4'0; BALCON. with living rooms; estab.
many years and good paying place: on Sixth :
*t.; low rent. Call R. U. WILKE. 908 Market. ¦
A— *ii0; DELICACY and candy store; choicest
location co Mission et. ; rent »21; living rooms;
daily receipts $-'¦; plaoe must be sold at once;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE,
«<6 Market Ft.
A— JiOo; CHOPHOUSE and restaurant: estab-
lished in years; rent $23; opp. It. R. depot: a
rpleadid chance and a good paying business.
Call It. G. WILKE. SOS Market st.
A— JSiO; CORNER saloon. 1 block from Market
and Htocktco sts; net rent JC3; a rood paying
and old-eMablished business. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. &06 Market st.
A— $4000: BEST located saloon on Market st.:
with 7 club and ladles' rooms and fine
grounds: place is known over* the U. 8. and
Europe and doing; a larse. profltable business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE. SC6 Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted In the best-paying cornsr
E_.loon. connected with club and ladles' rooms;
choicest location on Market et. : close to Phe-
lan building: t years' lease, with S years' op-
tion; rent J198; a rare chance for the right
party. See R. O. WILKK. 90C Market st.
A— K000; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
no night or Sunday work; « -years* lease;
place kept by owner 11 years and clears above
1300 per month; a splendid offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market et.GRAND HOTEL.
Wm Magulre. Cal
J H Gardiner, Cal
D Levy & 6cns, Cal
H Hus. Berkeley
Mrs A H Thomson, Cal
R M Lautzer, Redding
H H Vincent. Cal
E L Williams, Denver
S M Hooker, Michigan
L McKee. NY
McK D McKee, N Y
F T Butler. Toronta
S W Patterson, Cal
J B Bond Lakeport
M Biggs Jr. Oroville
Mrs Thompson, Cal
J R Jones, Vacavllle
H W Cannon & w. Cal
J T Condon, Nev
H L Smith, Cal
J McCudden. Vallejo
Miss McCullen. Cal
H Whitford. Tempe
W S Cram, Portland
J H Williams. Cal ;
W Harris, Sacto
H C Ray. Vlsall* -
W J Hannah & w,
Big Timber. Mont
O U Johnson, Los Ang
G B Gazzzolo, Cal
A H SchnabeL Cal
E H Rush, Salt Lake
J Earl, Colllnston
J W Langley. Utah
J Graham, Salt' Lake
J S Ktest. Salt Lake
Mrs C B Denver. Cal
Mrs T W Helnrelman,
Sacto
Mrs H E Traves, Utah
Miss N Reed. Salt Lake
C E Davia, Salt Lake
Mrs A T Davis, Utah
R J Doughton <St w.
Salt Lake
W W Belshaw, Antloch
A Joslln, Cal
T W Dlckenson. N J
J J Miley, Mlley
WM Maclll St Louis
Mrs W McNeilly, Nev
G E Kennedy, Cal
W W McGee, Salt Lake
Mrs A M Burnett, Sac
H A Robinson & w. 111
J B Towle. Portland
H De Bower. N Y
A J Larson, Lodl
T H Osier & w, Cal
H L Klapcoth. Cal
C Prince. Pomona
W J- Watkins, Pomona
C H Young, Denver
W I Brokek &. t» Cal
Mrs W Balrd. Wash
T H Buckingham &
fam, Vacavilla
PALACE HOTEL.
G B Katzensteln, Sacto
W E De Witt. Mans
A G Ballentyne. Hono
lulu
F H Buck. Yacavllle
J A Williams & w. III
J H Roberts. Sacto
F II HUbert. Cal
H F De Bowers, N T
F S Glass, Berkeley
C H Clear, Dawson
Alf Thaul. Portland
6 'Weiss, New Orleans
C A Clark. London
Oscar Wormser. N Y
G Golprnith, Cal
O Wlnsoti Japan
XV A Cormand & w,
Fresno ¦
S H Emanuel, N T
H E O'Brien. Cal
D McFarUaiWU
F P Glazier, wls
W Lewis. Cleveland
J M Merrltt, Los Ang
E G Gaynor, Boston
J H Williams,' Chicago
H Haynes & w. Mass
I, Thankhauser. N Y
C H McKevltt. Cal
M Greenwald. N Y
Mlse S T Robinson,
Boston
C A Cooke. Boston
Mrs G G Major. Toledo
Miss Major, Toledo
L J Major, Toledo
A R Newberry & w,
Los Angeles
G H Dlehl & w. Cal
Miss M Dlehl. Cal
Miss E D Dlehl, Cal
H A Laughlln & w.
Pitts
Henry Doyle. Cal
L Grundelflnger, Cal
C C McEwer, San Jose
Major-Ferry. Daweon
E L Hoosengrarner. Ore
Sadie Haslam. Utah
J H Devereaux. Colo
F Rockfeller, NT
P A Cramps & w, Cal
II F TCllcox & w. Cal
F Leonard, Cal
J Singleton, Los Ang
R L Burcham, Cal
J Lynch & w. Pa
BenJ I Wheeler. Cal :
Mr. Hoy & w. Christi
ana
F G Jones. Liverpool
Sana Hey man. N y
Mrs E Rantman. Md
Miss M Rantman. Md
L Helm, Los Angeles
NE"W WESTERN HOTEL.
L Forsberg, Sacto
B Turpin. San Jose
T Picton, Fresno
J Larson, Monterey
J R Holloway, Cal
E B Straub. Napa
J Street, Lo" Gatos
J J Reilly. Sacto
E Johansen, Armona
J K Barre, Ohio
Mrs Barre, Oclo
Mrs C L Hoag. Ohio
Mrs D L "Woodln. Cal
A D McMillan. Cal
J M Vldovlch. Fresno
J C Scott, Antloch
J Ostell, Victoria
? SJ. al . Iard ' st& Rw »
J McGuire, Arizona
J McAunlch. Arizona
J T Lahlff. Saratoga
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
The Original Little Louisiana Company of
6an Francisco, Drawing May 12, 1900.
No. 92570 wins $7500, sold in San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 62223 wins 12000, sold In San Fran
cisco, Cal.: No. SS876 wins $1000. sold in San
Francisco, Cal.; No. 51530 wins $500. sold In
San Francisco, Cal. Nos. 49247 and 777S4 each
wins $250, sold in Eureka and San Fran
cisco, Cal. Nos. 14773. 65716. 73860, 87326 and 87797
each wins $100, sold in Reno, New, and San
Francisco, CaL •¦*
WINXEMDCCA, May 17.— Jud^e Bonnl
fleld to-day denied the motion for ajie-w
trial In the Bouton case and sentenced
Bouton to seven years In the Carson State
prison. Bouton was convicted of stealing
cattle. . m
Bouton Sentenced.
Oakland Harbor Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 17.-The following
postofflces have been established: Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County, Alexander ¦ H.
Meeker Postmaster; Ephrate, Douglas
County, Wash., Thomas 8. Blyth Post
master. .,
The following Postmasters have been
corr.misisoned: "Walter M. Burckhalter.
Truckee; Enoch B. Pixley, Castle Crag;
Bertha Plymale, Watsonvllle, Or.
The postoffices at Oxnard and Mountain
Villa, Cal., will become Presidential on
July 1, and the salaries of the Postmasters
will be $1400 and $1000 respectively.
The bill providing for the emergency
river and harbor work, and for certain sur
veys, which passed the House to-day,
authorizes surveys contemplating the Im
provement of Oakland harbor and San
Joaquin River, Cal., and Tacoma harbor.
Washington. It also appropriates $10,000
for the purchase of land necessary foi
the construction of debris dams and im
pounding works, with an equal amount
appropriated by the State of California.
Provision is also made for removing cer
tain rocks in Yaquina Bay, Oregon.
Chairman Burton stated the engineers
had reported against the Jl.030,000 project
for the improvement of Yaquina Bay, and
personally he favored its abandonment.
Mr. Burton said . the regrular river and
harbor bill would be reported early next
session.
The Ways and Means Committee has
practically decided to sit during the sum
mer to consider the question of the re
duction of the war revenue tariff and give
hearings thereon.
Postmasters • Commissioned and Ap
pointed and Bills Passed for
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
sul General Gudger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 17.— Because It has
no vessel available the Navy Department
has informed Secretary Hay that it is im
possible to comply with the request of
Consul General Gudger to dispatch a war
ship to Panama. The gunboat MachJas
left Port Iimon yesterday for Colon via
Boca del Toro, and upon arrival at her
destination will, If necessary, land ma
rines for the protection of the railway.
Tha latest Information- of the State De
partment Indicates that the . revolution
ists are not sufficiently well equipped to
lay siege to Panama, and if a Dattle oc
curs at that point it Is not expected that
the American legation and American in
terests will be endangered. If necessary
a guard from the Machlas can he sent
over the road from Colon to Panama.
The visit of the Machias to Boca del
Toro is explained by the State Depart
ment as due to the fact that the Colom
bian revolution was organized near that
point, at David, which was the destina
tion of the flllbustertmj expedition from
Nicaragua, and Commander L. C. Logan,
commanding the gunboat, will ascertain
there what progress the revolution has
made. It is said at the State Department
that there is no danger of trouble, between
Colombia and Nicaragua in consequence
of the departure of the filibustering expe
dition from the latter country, as the
Bogota Government ia too much - en
grossed with its efforts to suppress insur
rection. If any dispute occurs It will
come only in case Colombia should quell
the revolution. The good offices of the
United States have not been Bought in the
matter.
Navy Department Is P"nable to Com
ply With the Bequest of Con-
NO WARSHIP AVAILABLE -
TO SEND TO PANAMA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1900. —
11
L
Commencing April S3. 1900.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
REU ESTATE CITY FOR SALC. ]
\ KICD bom sacrificed.
$:>¦;>- Facing Alta Plaza, Clay Et., near Scott, !
'-stcry ar.d bareuient residence: contains talon I
t.ir.or*. Scree dtninc rcom, kitchen and break-
last rcora on ciatn floor; & bedrooms ca wconJ 1
. jor; charn::hsljr eituattd in a select neighbor- I
:->-); mortgage of JSCM can stand; cfler wanted;
mjfi be soli. , ¦-.• - :
I.VON & HOAG. Ill Montgomery et. ,
i.'OWNTOWN' «.r.ve£traer.t. I
TCT.tiCO— Pays 7 per cent net: handsome 4-story i
r:i J 1'astrr.cEt building; 1 block from Alhcmbra
Th^aier.
SV0— Rj=nt ST7 »; an*, new bay-window finta. j
containing C and s rooms. *tc. : latest plumbing;
pvtry modern ccnvenier.ee; lots of sunshine;
Ur?e lot BMllO); sn very best part cf park i
pTiriarrq]t district.
TT^O— Rpnted JS3; all rented: Eplendid Invest -
Tn<;rt in best residence tectien cf Mission warm
beit; let CixllD; lTrr-rovcm»ct in apple-pie order.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery et.
EWIILL flits In a swell district.
..._ „ fay 12 rxr cer.t_ *
Ji^.rOO— Handsome new Rats on Van Nees ave.;
ror.taln 7 rooms each; iatps-t sanitary plumbing;
TTiarblc tter>5. etc.; expensively finished; an ex-
cellent jr.vestmeat In a swell district; rent $130.
$6:0C— Brtnd-new house: 775 Cole et.. bet. "Wal-
ler and Frederick; f.ne. n«=w. sunry house, con-
tainlr.e S roots*, hath, etc.; wineroom and laun-
dry in basement; let IDxlOO; street biturr.inixed:
exr*nr.v*!y tir.ished: ua!!s »11 tinted and decor-
tted la the bwt taste.
LYOX & HOAQ, lit Montgomery tt.
t7I0O— BUSINESS corner at the Mission; 2 good
bu'.Idir.g*; ali rented; pays over 10 per cent; a.
irtr-ciass investment.
m LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st
EEAUTirX'L MOD^RN~HOM^
IN A CHARMIXO LOCAXJTT.
•*" up-to-date houses on Clayton Bt-. near
Frederick: contain large reception hall, swell
rarlors, dlr.lr.g-roorn *r.d kitchen en main
floor; 4 lsrge, surny bedrcmes, with dressir.g-
roi-m attached, on second f.ocr; big basement;
•r'.endid taste has bren ehom-n In tlie decora-
lions: or*?n plumbiiig; expensive mantels:
pr'.ce, {isyo for €-rocrn hcuse and JoSOO for
*-rc*">n; hcus«; terras, eay, tVM cash, balance
mcr.th'.j; tlue ca:s on EdJy st. pass the prop-
erty. Hclpht-st. cars transfer.
LYON & HOA<1. 114 Montgomery ft.
EEAUTIFTX, MODERN' HOMES
IN A CHAIOIING LOCA1,ITT.
New t;p-tc-cate houses on Clayton «t.. near
Frederick; contain large reception, hall, swell
rarlors. dlnlcg-ro^«n tr.d kitchen on main
f.i-cr; ? large, sunny bedrooms, vrlth dressir.g-
room attached, en eeeond necr: big basement;
*p'.endid taste has been fhowr la the dscora-
ticr.*; open p!urr.binf; experjtve mar.tels;
rncc S«SC> fcr «-rocm house and JiSOO for
4-roca-. house; terms, say. $1CW caeh. balance
infllitt.Ty; l>Iue cars on E<JJy et. pa-i» the prop-
erty. Ha!cht-st, cars transfer.
LYON & HOAG. lit Montromery et.
j:ro vm.li buy en? of the nicest hcir.es In the
M:«sicn; new ccttape of 4 rocms and bath;
larpe lot and etreft work done: Surry et..
r."ar CliPTn?ry and Diamond; house alone
would c--st mere than price aekPd and the
let is tn a F—vl location. BALDWIN &
HOV.'ELI., 1# Mcr.tccraery s^
SSI-^fi— "TO cloee ertate; ccrr.er lot 115x153: In
Berkeley: sear Ashby Ftatk-n and 1 block from
ttr»»-t cax llr.e: with l;i:provern»T.t9. house
8 rocnr.s ar.d bath; Iarse> »>am. windmill ard
tank. Address EDWAIU) HOEGEMANN.
executor, or H. A. rOVTGLL, attorney, 615
Paf? !>;>osit blig.. gtn Francisco.
fTV<> — A BARGAIN: three elegant modern flats;
let Zlxl'Ot marine view; rents JSO per month:
Smc*. near Filbert. Apply R. McCOLGAN.
ti Montgomery ft., room 2.
ftJ.OOO— FIND Western Addition business corner
on ESXim et. : Z~'-i feet frontage., ninnlnir to
r»ar stre-t: reat» t1V>: owner going to Phllip-
rines; mcrtgige can remain; for a few days
Only. SCOTT & HARRIS. » Poej st.
ftliJ — RARE chance; Mason-si. corner; >-«tory
baT-windaw building and 2-story building:
rent t!2 vr month; lot 20x85:10 with L; al-
ways rested. Inquire at 1011 Mason st.
IF yea have property north cf the Park, or
Rntr'f Addition and the Mission, that you
»ar.t to dispose of, then call on W. J.
GUNK. ETO California Bt.
ENAP for peoplt moderate means; house of. I
flats. 4 rccrae acd bath each; Jones et.: rent
$3 DOOCta : no agents : $2500. Inquire 805 A 10th.
MODERN honeea and Cats built at lowest
-..---. r'.ar.s and estimates furnished for all
tullfl'-rg work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission tt.
ELKAX ESTATE COLXTRV — For Sale
MVST BE BOLD
TO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP.
17 acres choice land In Sonoma County, ur.isi-
prcved; also D acres, with about 12 acres
young orchai^, flowing well, small house and
baxn. rood feSces, chicken house*, etc; will
tell separately or together. Apply (forenoon)
Owner. Z22 Eighth 6t.. city.
WILL SELL. OH EXai.VNGE.
IJ *cres; VA pearii. «» eJmond. 100 prene
, trees; large crop fruit goes with place: 7-room
modern cottage: rtaile; good well with hor»e-
rowtr; HSOO; $2~9 mortra«»: exchasg* for
Oak'.ar.3 property. EALSBURT. 4i8 Ninth St..
Oakland.
i:~&— DESirtABLE country home; 10 acrea
rholcfst fruit land; 1600 almond and E3 eelect
fruit tr»>e?. 5 to € yoars eld: new hard-finished
r^sidenc* : barn; ether bligs; new windmill;
school: derirabie neighborhood; by rail IVi hrs
from 6. F. J2 Ban Pablo ave., Oakland.
ACrrp.ATE personal knowledge — each of the
"'¦CO ranch'* on my sale and exchange list. N.
:•. NICKELS, the Land Agent. 10 Geary st.
A Dr:ri' to 1W acres r.car this city; 10 In cr-
rhari: t* r \ M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market tt_
ROOMS FOR IIOlSEIvEEPIXG.
AT ?: fe-^nd— Double and hotasekeeplng rootna,
_j: H to tZ: single, tl to fl W; day, 25c up.
CLAY. Ed, near Killrocre — 2 large unfurnished
rcorr.s: yard; water; rear: rent $7.
EI»rJY. €'4— Niceiy furriished bay-window suite,
cc=:f-»cte fcr hcui«Sceepir.g. with kitchen; gas
t tc^ a.
EDDY. SI7— Peasant, sunry. correcting house-
keeping recms; epltndld location; private res.
EDDY. t"'5-Two cr thre« fucay rooms for light
, housekeeping; tingle roora also; private fam-
i!y.
EI.LI?. 22S — Nice'y furnished runny rooms for
housekeept&g: also ether rooms.
FIFTH. c:3-2 furr.Jrhed fcr housekeeping; $10;
3 for 113, 3 for J14; tingle. $5.
FOLSOM, S3&— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
tlb per month: also others. U aad S5.
F0I* c 0M, E34-2 rjr.r.y connecting hkpg. rms;
eto'ce. c!(?set. tath, priv. ; tlO; also other, tl.
GKARY. Vi"\—2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; light
housekeeping; private family; references.
G. G. ave., 334— Parlor floor for E adults; piano;
thoroughly rencvated: also single; bath; yard.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. €21— Susr.y furnished
and unfurnished moms; a'so front bay-win-
dow room: $6 and 17 60.
HOWARD. 1G'j6— Large front bay-window room;
kitchen: complete housekeeping; cheap; prlv.
JH^FIE, C3— Furnished housekeeping rooma;
f.se.
KKAUNY. £23. near Eutter— A front suite. 111;
fa«. Janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant ave.
MARTHA S. eff Geary, near Mason— Floor 4
.r.f'jrr.ished rocrr.s; no children; reasonable.
I'.ISSA. £35. near Sixth— Large euany house-
kecfing rooms; fS.
iri5?lON, HZ — A kitchen and nice front room
••vita folding bed. complete for housekeeping.
N A TOM A. Mi— Two eunny furnished rooms,
cempiete for housekeeping; $8.
OAK. lli— 2 tunny roomi furnished for heavy
housekeeping; tlO: 1 basement room, same, 14.
O'FARRELL. 742— X nicely furnished house-
keep'.r.g rooms; parlor floor. $18. tiX
I'OLK, 1C2C>— Three sunny furnished rooms,
kitchen, complete; garden; bath-
tCOTT. ITT*— Three unfurnished hobselteeplng
rocms: use cf bath; JS cr J10 month.
SEVENTH, 5i3— $J t0; 2 unfurnished housekeep-
lr.g room?.
FHOTWELL, 219—2 hotisekeeping rocms, fur-
nished; use cf batJu
THIRD. 340— One room complete for housekeep-
ing; rent V> mocth.
THREE furcifhfd housekeeping rooms; elegant
private residence; gas etove; piano: bath;
1 1S 5-j; Jackson st., cr. Baker. Box 2337, Call.
Tt.*RK. HZ — Large front room, complete for
hniif«J-:«?ep!iig: gas and bath: J2 £0 per week.
TVTENTT-SIXTH. 3601—2 unfurnished connect-
!n? tay-wlndcw rooms.
VALENCIA. I34ti— Frtxt and back parlor, for-
r.lthed: ras stove; reasonable; or front room
and kitchen; coal or gaa Etove. $12; bath.
CLAf £IK!ED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call t ranch cfflce.IIM Kilimore st.
A BRANCH cfSce fcr Ca'.! advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at 10M Va-
lencia, et.
KOO3IS TO LET — Farn. and I nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOVSE. US Sixth— Room*
:"¦<- tc »" per nlfht; $1 25 to 13 per week, end
light hougekeepmg; cpen all night. •
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," ZU Sush it., ad-
Joinlr-s the Russ Hctel; H rocres; all prices.
EoHEUIA. 2o> Post. ccr. atkn.— Single and cor.
conay ruitea: finest Jn city; h.. c. water; cars
I-ae» £j(.r; clevxtor; tourist* accommodated.
BURNETT. 1418 Market et. (old No. 13CJ)— Fur-
r.lthed nr.i» tulteg. single; eiso «nfnrn?»li»d.
CARKOLTON, 12C* Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave- Sunny corner: well farn.; rms. A office*.
EDDY 473— Larjr* bright «unny room: two dos-
•ta; al«o*exall canny rooa.
IIOO3IS TO LET Farn. and TJnfnria.
ELLIS, 616— El'gant turnished parlors; suites
for 2 or a gentlemen; near City Hall.
t'£LL, C6 — A eunny front room, running water,
two lanre closets: also other rooms.
i FOLSOM, &C5, cor. €th— Suite o? 3 elegant sunny
comer roon-j. eultable for doctor. '-: >v
FOLSOil. 9C5. cor. 6th— <The Oliver)— Newly
furn. tunny rooms, single or suites: reasonbL
I GEARY. 4C5 <The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
j roo.ms ; ruiteg or single; travelers accoin'dated.
GBAKD SOUTHERN', southeast corner Seventh
girrgjg; ladles' parlor; readies room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; Jl DO to $6 per week.
HARRISON. TSlii, near ' Fourth— Finely fur^
nirheti tunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; fl week up.
HOTEL Franclsco-Eleeant suites; single; tran-
tlcnt; baths. MRS. KINO. Turk and Taylor, ¦
I HOWARD. K9— Rooms from tl week up to $3;
I :5c to 11 nleht; also housekeeping rooms.
I MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window rcom. $J per week: transient.
O'FARRELL. 50— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices ; elevator: electric lights: day, wk.. mo.
POWELL, 121 — LJpht.. clean, comfortable rms. ;
*u!tes or singles; running water: gas: reas.
ROSEDALE House. 219 & £21 Ellis st.-Rooms.
night. 2Sc to tl: week, tl 25 to $4; open night.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 E11H ft.— Incandescent
light, reading "room, emoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 80c to $1 50; week, t!
to JS; month. JS to $M; elevatxjr on office floor;
rccms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished and unfurniehfd.
] THE OAKS, 113 Third— A good rooming hous«
| for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Ca'! branch ofHc*. 2200 Flllmor* at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubEcrrticr.s has been established at 1096 Va-
lfRcla st.
I v
ROOMS AND BOARD.
I BELGRAVI.v Hotel, Polk and Clay-Sunny
' bay-window rooms; superior board; $25 up.
• HOTEL Futherland. cor. Jones ar.d Sutter fts.—
: Pleasant sar.r.y elngle rooms and suites, with
¦ board: flrst-clara, with every convenience.
j HAIGHT, 2O— Sunny rooms, \rlth board for 2,
j 140 r?r month; also rarlor suite- for 2, 560,
LAS PALM AS. l?20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rrr-s. : private: bath: Eln. ras.: board optional.
PRIVATE faroily; large, refined home: cars or
j walking distance; $25 single. $49 couple; no
I children; rents only: reference required. A.
1 E.. bcx 21W. Call office.
; VAX NESS. S03 — Several large, sunny rooms,
v.-ith board, terms reaaocable; also front and
fcack rarlcr, suitable for doctor; comfortable
home.
I VAN NESS a.ve., 944 (The Wallac-)— Rooms and
„ board; furnished and unfurnished: $?C*.
I ¦
SPECIAL NOTICES.
j BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
! city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
j CO., 415 Montsomery St., rooms 9-10; tel. 66S0.
I ROOMS papered from JS: whitened, Jl up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. S19 Third.
SEWIXG MACHINES A.\D SUPPLIES.
I RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
' ALL kinds txftight. sold, exchanged, rented;
I repairing at lowest rates. 105 Fourth Ft.
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
! PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and MovlnVco!
I Office 4?1 Toyt st.., ccr. Powell;. tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture. Moving Com-
I pany. 1320 Flllrnore 6t. : phone Jackson 2S1.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS^tVe
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals. J3. The Type writer
Exchange, E35 California, telephone Main. 266.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED— A furnished modern cottage tn good
1 location in Alameda for tbe summer. Ad-
i <ire»8 C. R. HANSEN. 1C4 Geary at.
RPPFPI VV JllWPDTICFUPYTC
dcmcLci AIMMIIolMdAIo
i
' BERKELEY RE.1L ESTATE.
$3700— LOVELY 7-rooin new house, closs to uni-
versity: on Improved street. O. G. MAY &
CO., Berkeley station.
1 13500 — FINE 8-room colonial house In the beau-
| tiful Scenic Park; large lot. O. G. MAY A CO.
', HOUSES to rent, furnished or unfurnished, for
\ the summer or by the year. O. G. MAY & CO.
j SEE our choice lots In the choicest part cf
town— the Scenic Park and Hillcgass tracts —
north ar.d south cf the college grounds. O.
G. MAY & CO., Berkeley Station.
THOROUGHLY well furnished house, in the-
very best part of Berkeley, to rent for 6
months: references required. Apply to MA-
SON & McLENATHEN. adjoining P. O.,
Berkeley Station.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to ar.y address la the.
United States, rctpald. for tl per year.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOISEKEEPIXC ROOMS.
! TUB Waldorf,. 1X3 Broadway.' Oakland— New
and eunr.y suites; housekeeping If deelred;
also elnglo rooms.
OAKLAND FCRXITCKE KOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
.furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
~~ DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 73 <tweaty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
offlce of the company. S2~ Market st., on and
after Monday, May 21, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, May 15, 1S00, at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. V.-. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tern.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notlc* of
¦ intention to change principal place of tusl-
cess— Notice Is hereby given that in pursuance
to the written consent of moro than two-
thirds (2-3) of the capital stock of the Ro-
! wardennan Improvement Co.. a corporation.
created under the laws of the State of Call-
! frrria. which said written consent has been
cbtalned and filed in the offlce of said cor-
poration, lt Is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
FrancUco, State of California, to the town
cf Ben Lomond, In the county of Santa Cruz,
Etate of California, said removal or change
to take effect immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeka from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. California, this 3d day cf May. A. D.
1500. ' ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS fcr military supplies.— 3$ New
Montgomery et., San Francisco, Cal.. May 16,
1S00. Sealed propcrals in triplicate will be
received here until 11 o'clock a. m.. June 6,
1S0O and then opened, for furnishing Sta-
tionery. HardTrsre, Office Furniture, Saddlery,
Leather. Brushes. Buckets, Axle Grease, Lye,
Oils, Paints. Sponge, Cotton Waste, etc. Pref-
erence will be given to artlclee of domestic
production and manufacture, conditions of
price and Quality being equal (Including In
the price of foreign productions tne duty
1 thereon) and sach preference given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
there. The United States reserve* the right
to accept or reject any or all proposals or any
cart thereof. Proposals for delivery at other
points will b« entertained. Information and
blank proposals furnished on application. En-
velopes will -be endorsed "Proposals for Mlli>
tarv SuppH««. No. 4121." and addressed CAP-
TAIN OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-
master. U. S. Armr. Depot Quartermaster.
PPOPOSALS for mineral oil.— 2« Nev Mont-
cornery et.. San Francisco. Cal.. May 16. 1900.
Sealed proposals In triplicate will t>« received
here unf.l H o'clock a. m., June 20. 1900, and
"hen opened, for furn shlng and storing here
100 000 gallons Mineral Oil. 133 degrees Hash
test in cases of two five-gallon cans each.
Preference will be given to articles of d»-
rr.-f-t.tc production and manufacture, conditions
of Drtce and Quality being «*iual (Including in
the price of foreign productions tbe duty
thereon) and such perference given to articles
nr American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Parlflc Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
1 The" United States reserves the right to ao-
cn>t or reject any or ail prc;>csals or any part
thereof. Information and blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelopes will be en-
dorsed "Proposals for Mineral Oi!." and ad-
dressed CAPTAIN OSCAR F. LONG, Assist-
and Quartermaster, U. S. Army, Depot Quar-
termaster.
,-r SATT.TIO AP TBAVSSL
SOUTH KltM IMt'iriU IIJJIM.1T.
(rAciric sixtsx.)
Tralai !•*«• •»¦•• nrm dii* to arrli* •«
NAN »- It A *«•!»•«•«».
(Main Line, root of Market Street >
tiATg. - Tbovi Mat U 1300. — ' a»kit»
•7:O»» Benida. BoUun, Elmirm. Viemr!U».
Robust »mA Sacramento.. ........ *7:13»
•7:00 A Sbaata Exjrfss— Daris. Williams (for
BartUtt S;ria«s), Willow*. Ked
Bluff. Portland, *7i»3r
•7i3t)A lltrtinez,Saa lUaion. V»!:-;o. H*VK
CalUtrj* aad Santa Rosa *Sil3r
•9:OOa t>\ri->. Woodland. Knighta Laadlsr.
MarraTille. Oro.UJe. *7>«3p
•S:O»* Atlantic Kipress— Ogdea aad Eaat *H:13»
•¦i3Oa San Jose. Litermore. Stocktou,
Inn*, .iicrnineiuo. FlacerTiile,
- M»rjt»lile. Chtco, Ue4 Uiuft Uiltr
•«:3Oi OakiUle. Chinese, (for Toaamtte).
b imri. Carrrs. •«il.1p
•9:00a Hijwsri*, :.'i»c* aad Way Stations. M 1:13a
¦9:00a Los Aaf sl«s £ipr-s» — Uartiuez.
Tracy, Lh'.mo-j. dtocktoo. Mercsd
and Framo. *d:4.1p
•9:S0a V*!lr).i. Martinet and Way Stations 'MJr
• IO:OOa Tbs Overland Limited— Ogdea. Dm.
ter. Omaha. Chicago •StISr
•11:OOa KUes, Lrtarroor*. Stockton, Saera-
aeutn, Mentiota. Haafjid. Vlim'.U,
Porter»W» ....... Mil3r
•I 9:O0m Haywards, Nilss an>l Way Stations. *S*49*
fl:OOp S*oramealo lUter Bt«»ra»ra. ........ t.VO»»A
•3iO«p Haywarda. Nile • and Way Station*. •as-aSr
•liMr Martin**, tiau lUiunn. Vallajo.
N»ji», CaM'tni,*, Sauts Itota *9iI-1a
•I:OOp B«iitcis». V.'intert. ritsraunti^o,
WooUlan.!. KnUlit* l.a«U<l|,
MarrsTillo. flrotills '•IO:«1»
•4iS»p!<tl9«.^an.l«w and Stockton •?>l-'»r
•5:»»f Tit* Owl Limited— Tracy. Vreano.
UtkorsSeld. Saajna far Santa Bar-
b*ti. !/>• Anfeies f »:l3i
•3:00? Freiuo PiMnajsr— Mirtinsz. Lath.
rap. Stocctoa. Merc* i, Bcreada
(Uaymaod for Tosemite). rntia.. *I3ll3r
¦SiSOp 2f«w Means Eirreta— BakenUaUl.
8auta Rartiara.I«a Aagelts. Dem.
lor, XI r»jo, N»« Orleaul *ud
Eut •ii4»*
•Stiff F BanU F* lUmta-AllMlia Z«jr«u
forUnJaf* and Ka« 'frllr
•«:o»r Harvard*. Sn-n and Saa Job* *7i « •¦» «
t«iO« r Vull-jo
•liOtf Oriental Mail— Ofden. Cbeyraa*.
Om«ha. Chie»ro *HiI3a
•«:«ffr OrfsaUl Miil-Ofdea, D«nt«r,
Onub». Chieaso. *4il9r
{TiOOr Tallajo. Park Costa an<i Way ata-
tloo« , t»i33v
*Si«3r Oregun aad California Eiprna.Hao>
rainsnto, M»rjn)l.'t UtJiltag.
rnrtUtiil. Piiitot -Vtiii.it and Eut *llt3*
COtST DlllSKI.I iNarruiT <i»i> ? »).
____^ <r«ot of M.rkat 8tr«ei.)
t?t-t3x Baata Cruz Excursion for Banta
Crux tad Principal Way Stattou {9i«3r
*fllSANawark,CfuWrTili<;,tianJo««,ir«Uuo.
BouMerCieek.HanUCriuaittl Way
dutior.i ••i3»p
tZtlSp Newark. CeulerTiile. San Jo** New
Almad«o, Felton, lloalder Cr«e«.
S»ut» Crai aad Principal Way
Stationi tlOi.ii*
MilSpNawuk, .i«n Jo»». LotOatos *Si»«a
«4iI3r Glanvood. Felton, 8inta Cr« ««:.1'»t
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tttuUi rSHC!SC9— r>«t »r »u«.t Strnt(SU*S>—
•7:15 9:00 11:CO».M. |1:J3 »253 »:M
•MB J!:C3 ?8:53m.
fr«-iOlIUS»— rial *' 3r**i*>«. — "C.C3 8:00 13:004.11.
1 12:03 '1:21 ta.C3 ; 3::3 t«:33 'IMf.it.
COAST IHTISIUN (llroai »;»«»•).
(Third and lowi«encl SU.)
»0:l»l ()<tu:i Vlr», South >*n FraacisRO.. »«i30i»
t~:*O* flan Jose ami Way Kutlotm cNo»
Almden Werineadajtonly) *l:*Op
J7i5O* 3nnd»T Excursion f-;r Saa Joae.
Santa Cruz. PacUj Grove and
Prindp»l W«j duaoni J«i33r
*ffi00a Hen J-131. Tim Pino*. >*nU Crux.
Pacific iirmo. ]•»•¦> It'thles, Hkn
l.uij ljii»t»o. Surf, Loupoe and
Principal Way WUUn.m *<*:¦•*¦
••I«H««» Ban J»se and Way Utationa. •«:»3«
•lltSO* aan.Iote.Lo«Gato*amlWayStaUo<» *3:30p
|9:43r8tQ Matru, ltedwood. Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. San .lose.
Tres Piaos. Santa Critt. Sallaaa.
Monterey aiid Tac<ao Grove flO:tO t
ta>SOr San Joeaaud Way Stations •T::ti»-
t4:ISp Saa Joee and Principal Way Stations •9:1". 4
tSiVOFSao Jose, Loa Gatos and Principal
W» T Statioos <J»iO»*
¦3:30p 8anJo*e ami Principal Way Station* t":^3*
•liSOf San Joee ami Way 9tationa t4iA«»A
»ll:13r 3an Jo»- ami Way .Station* »7:3a-
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
'Daily. t 8 tin da? «ieept«d. I Sund»r on!j
b Saturday only •
• Batnrdar and « SunJ-ty and MondiT
I Califorhia Limited|
? Santa Fe Route j
X TO %
I CHICAGO I
-f :-..,-:- \ • +
¦?¦ Quickest running *r.d most luxurious -?-
¦?¦ train across the continent. Connecting -?-
-?- train leaves San Francisco 5 p. nx. Mon- -*-
-4- day, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday. .«.
-*- arrivlr.s; tn Chicag-o 2:15 p. m.. In time
+ to connect with all limited trains for 4.
1 New York. +.
~T Leaves San Fran-
OVERLAND <¦»»«> at 3:a> p. m.
> -V EXPRESS Tourist cars for +
Z V*mVs %J Kansas City. St. +
DAILY Louis. Chicago and T^
•?¦ • the East. "?"
-?- -?-
-?• Our new line via Valley Ry. Division is ¦¥¦
a. now open; through freights between .a,
San Francisco and Chtcago are belna; T"
"?" handled: paasenser trains will take this "?"
+ route at an early date, which will b« ¦y m .
x announced. This Is the only railway ¦+-
owning its own tracks between San
"?" Francisco and Chicago. 2C3O miles.
¦?• Pan Francisco offlce. S3 Market Street. "*"
-?• Phons Main 1531; Oakland. Ill* Broad- +
¦?• way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, ¦?•
tl West Santa Clara Street. -f-
+ + 4 4 + 1+ 4- ???? ??-»•?¦»•??????
CILIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
UE1SSJ3ZE1
ZM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcaron Ferry, Foot of Market Su
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN BAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— '7:30. 1:00. 11:00 a- m. ; liltS.
S;Hu 6:10, «:» p. m. Thursdajs— Extra trt»
at 11:30 o. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at l:a«
and ll:J0 p. m.
BUNDATS— 8:*>. »:30, 11:00 a. ta. : 1:». V-li.
§ - oo s - ro o. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO 8AX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 4:10. 7:50. t:2). U:10 a. «n.; 12:43.
S:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— EUtra trip* at
: 1:E5 and t:U D. m.
BUN'DATS— S:W. 8:43. 11^9 a. m.; 1:«. I:«.
• •05. C:2S p. m.
/ Between San Francisco asd Bchaetx«a Park
! ,«>m« schadule as above.
Lear* I In Effect. I Ant»«
Baa Franctsco. [Apr. 15. 13C0.1 8aa Franciscoc^
Wa«k I Bun- I I Ban- 1 Wert
Days. I days. I DestlnaUan.1 day. | Day.
T:SO am S:00 sm N'ovato. 10:10 am IM am
1:30 pm l:S>am Petaluma. 1:03 pm 10:35 am
8:13 pm S:CO pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 1:20 pm
Fulton. . I
1:30 am Windsor. 10:23 as>
Healdiburg.
Lyttoa.
Oeysenrllle.
I:»pm I:CO «m Cloverdale. T:Bya l:K>p«
T:W ami I Hopland 1 Il'i-.IS am>
1:13 pmj 1:00 am| and Uklah. I 735 pml 1:20 pm
7:10 am 10:25 am
\ l.-OOam GnerBeTille. 7:13 pm
»:S0pm ¦__ «:ttpm
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am S: 40 ara
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. C:C5 pm C:g>jra
7:30 ami 8:C0am| . 119:40 am!10:25 ara
t:30 pml 6:00 pml SebastopoL I 7:35 pml »:20 pn
Btares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«it
Springs and White Bulpaur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
OeyservtU* for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprint-*. Highland Pprtifts. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ckiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga-
Pprings, Blut Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Hurley's. Backnell's.
Fanhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr*s Hot
Cprtngs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brats. West-
port. Usal, WHlits. Laytonvllle. Cnminljn.
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer. ScoU*
and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday rouad trto tickets at
reduced rates.
• On Sunday round trtp tickets to an point*
beyond San Rafael at halt rmtes.
Ticket offices. CO Market St.. Chron!eT* blJg.
H. C. WHITING. R. 3C. BTAN.
' General Manager. O«n. Pass. Agtat.
MILL VALLET AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
• SCENIC RAILWAT — Commencing Sunday.
April 22, 1900. via Sausallto Ferry. Week
days— Leave San Francisco. 9:20 a. m., 1:45
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco. Ja.ni.,
9 a. m.. 14 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 1:30 p. m., 1:3)
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
' pall to Ferry, north end of Union Ferry D»pot.
foot of Market St., Pan Francisco. Fare.
round trip from 'San Francisco. II 40.
VT "V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M^Ttnffi C>1I."> K E.IBST ST. E3tabl!*hM
Ifuf^Wjin 1H3* forthetreatm?ntof Prrvata
H[K 9h Diseases, Lost MatihooU. Debliityor
jftWkVaHfc rti<u>ase vjearia? 011 bodyand mind and
SlclnPi»»asps. rhi»doctorcnrpswh«-n
other* falL Try him. Charge* low.
yH'iir>«ro»r»nir>.l. OUIorwrttA.
g*r. J. *'. *. I bbv> , Box l»97.Saa rraadacok
"I don't think I would ever make a poli-
tical speaker." said Mr.- Meek ton. .
"Why not?"
,- "I couldn't go through the ordeal. The
very Idea of my standing up and talking
for an hour and a half at a stretch, with
Henrietta sitting in the audience not say-
ing a word makes • me nervous." — Wash-
ington Star.
1 ANTONY— In this city. May 18. 1900, Grace
Antony, dearly beloved daughter of Henry
ar.ii Carrie Antony, and sister of Laura,
FreJ. Henry and Carrie Antony, a native of
Kan Francisco, aged 1 year and 3 months.
IC^FViends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral th!s day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from her parents' resi-
dence, • S19 North Point street, near Hyde.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COOPER— In this city. May 16. 1300, John A..
beloved husband of the late Catherine Cooper,
a native of Baltimore. Md., aged'ES years 2
months and 9 days.
DE MIRANDA— In Bradley, May 14, 1900, Fran-
cisco de Miranda, beloved husband of Hor-
tense da Miranda, and regretted friend of Mr.
and Mrs. G. Berson, a native of Caracas,
Venezuela, aged 64 years 3 months and 12
days.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, at French Church of
Notre Dame des Victoires. where a hljth mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his -soul.
Interment Holy Cross Cemeterv. Remains at
v the undertaking- i-arlors of J. S. Godeau. S05
Montgomery avenue.
EAYRS— In this city, May 15, 1900. William E.
Eayrs. beloved infant son of Mary and George
A. Eayra.
GKBHARDT— In this city. May 17, 1900, Math-
ilda Julia Gebhardt. beloved wife of L P.
Gebhardt. mother of Herbert and Stella Geb-
hardt, daughter of William and Lena von
Iionn, and sister of William "and the late
Amanda von Ronn, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aeed 36 years 1 month and 2 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the services to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 504 Thirteenth street. Cremation at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
GRANT— In this city. May 16, 1900. Edward
Grant, late of Lns Angeles. Cal., beloved
brother of John Grant, a native of County
Down, Ireland, ased C6 years 1 month and S
days. (Los Angeles, Cal., papers please copy.)
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at !* o'clock, from the residence of
his brother, ISIS Turk street, thence to Holy
• Cross Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his eoul,
corr.mencirr at 9:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate In Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Omit
flowers.
HEWLETT— In Stockton, Cal., May 10. 1900,
Bertha S., beloved wife of Joseph Hewlett,
and mother of Mattle and Mayme Hewlett,
ajjed S3 years and 9 months.
KLENTZETt— In the City and County Hospital,
May 15. 1900, Herman Klentzer, a native of
Germany, a?ed 73 years.
; LONG— In Newark, X. J., May 9. 1900, Medora
Alien, widow of P. H. Lone, and sister of
Mrs. Kate M. Storey of San Francisco, a na-
tive of New York City, acred 66 years.
E7The funeral pervices were held at St.
Paul's Church, Newark, Saturday, May 12.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery to-inorrow
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock.
MAHON— A requiem, mass (month's mind) will
be celebrated at St. Mary's Cathedra] '.o-mor-
row (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, for the re-
pOEe of the soul of Kate Sweeny Mahon, be-
loved wife of Frank Mahon. and sister of
Mrs. Joseph Pescia.
MENDES— In this city. May 17. 1900. Mary E.
Mendes, a native of Australia, aged 64 years.
MILLER— In this city. May 17, 1900, Antone
Mriler. beloved husband of Mary Miller,
father of Tony, Elva and Elsie Miller, and
brother of John Miller of Sutter Creek, a na-
tive of Austria, aged 42 years and 9 months.
(ETRemalns at the funeral parlors of H. E*.
Maaes, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
O" NEIL— In this city. May 13, 1300, Henry, be-
loved brother of John P., Joseph and Law-
1 rence D. O'Xeil, a native cf San Francisco,
aged 42 years and 8 months.
E7Ftlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Brlgid's Church, corner Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. May 16, 1900, Ed-
ward, beloved son of Nils and Amalla S.
Peterson, and brother of Matilda. Adaline
Albert. Frankie and Theresa Peterson, a na-
tive of ban Francisco, aged 6 years 0 months
and 21 days. (Baltimore papers please copy.)
C^FriendB and acquaintances are 'respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1619 Tonquln street, between Broderick
and Baker, Harbor View. Interment I, O.
O. F Cemetery. >
EPINK— In Oakland. May 17, 1300, at 268 East
Seventeenth street, William Brown Splnk,
father of W. M. Splnk. Mrs. J. R. Scott and
G. W. Splnk, a native of Rhode Island, aged
71 years 3 months and 3 days. A member of
Occidental Lod*e, A. O. U. W.
STROTHER— In this city. May 17. 1900, Fleet
F., beloved husband of Elizabeth Strother, a
native of Washlnrton, D. C. ased 61 years
and 13 days.
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter. Please omit
flowers.
VIGUIER— In this city. May 16. 1900. Ade-
llade Josephine Vlsruler (nee, Auwers). dearly
beloved wife of Francois Viguier, and be-
loval mother of A. E. Verllnden of Colma, a
native of Paris, France, aged €8 years and 1
month.
C7"The funeral will take place this, day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. 8. Godeau, 305. Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment private. In Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ISENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
£0 Fifth tt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South £0.
I/ncsfw/OTr «fc co.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
1233 Market St.. between Sth and 8th. I
Telejkhone South 247. . I
CREMATION,
Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
If deceased was a member of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charge for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service is $34.
Tba umt for of the family.
GEORGE R-' FLETCHER. Superintendent.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE^ "i
ARRIVED. •
Thursday, May 17. I
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, lOft days from
Ouaymas.
Stmr Mackinaw, LJttlefleld, 80 hour» from
Tacoma. 1 ¦ • . ' . ¦ .
Schr Free Trade, Thorsen, 13 days from Ne-
tnrta Bay. '
Schr Lily, Bottger, 6',i days from . Umpqua
RiVen SAILED.
Thursday. May 17.'
• Stmr Alameda, Von Oterendorp. Honolulu and
Sydney. . /
DOMESTIC PORT.
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrtved , May 17-Shlp
America, from iAdysmith'.
Sailed May 17— Schr Baneor. for Ballard. ; _
It depends on the salary" a' minister
dravra whether he preaches or officiates.*
DIED.
Antony, Grace Lone, Medora A.
Cooper, John A. Mahon. Kate S.
De Miranda. Fran- Mendes. Mary EX
Cisco Miller, Antone
Eayrs. William B. O'Xeil, Henry
Gebhardt. Mathilda J. Peterson. Edward
Grant. Edward Splnk, William B.
Hewlett, Bertha S. Etrothcr. Fleet F.
Klentzer, Herman Vlguler. Adellade
IPATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Slnfile Number, Class "E," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, May 12, 1900.
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
Honduras National Lottery Co.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
—OF THE
Originals ' of foregoing affidavits held by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com-
pany (Louisiana State Lottery Company).
,2000 Fon» SlfS^HO F S EC -
State of Virginia. City of Norfolk-ss.
Personally appeared before me R. R. Baker
Jr anotary for the city of Norfolk and State
of"'virs:inla. duly commissioned and qualified.
Mrs. Anna E. Oliver, who. being flrjt duly
•worn did depose and say that she is th« bona
flrtp owner purchaser and holder of one-fourth
of the "fcke? No. 53,457 of this April drawing
of the Honduras Lottery Company, and that
the same has been forwarded for collection by
her through the Citizens' Bank of Norfolk. \a:
the said ticket being entitled to one-fourth of
he SSnd capital. prlie of $SO0O. as stated In
the printed circular of «ald company. Issued for
1 * tW9 ' mOnlh - ANNIE-OLIVER.
* " 1S« Bank street. Norfolk. Va.
Given under my hand and official seal, this
"&£&>* APr "' «' H- BAKER JR..
i&igneu, ,. Notary Public
$4000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF SECOND CAPI-
State of Rhode Island. City and County of
Providence — ss. .
Joseph P. Rmilx. being duly sworn, deposes
and says he resides at 273 Pearl street In the city
of Providence, county of Providence State of
Rhode Island; that he Is the true and rightful
andbona. fide owner and holder of half tleket
No S3 45T of the Honduras National Lottery
Company of Puerto Cortez. Honduras^ and
which number drew the second capital prize of
$S0OO at the' drawing held April 14. 190». In
Puerto Cortez. Honduras, and that he received
th» amount of said prize In United States cur-
renev In full without discount,
rency in run JOSEPH P. ROULX.
Sworn and subscribed to before me this 27th
da S y of April. 1*0- 'S&SSS.
$15 000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI-
TAL TR1ZE OF $30,000.
State of Texas. Codnty of Tarrant— sa.
Before me the undersigned authority person-
ally appeared W. Andrews, who. on oath, de-
poses and says that he Is the Junior partner
of the firm of P. T. Andrews & Co... Fort
Worth Texas, and that said firm Is the bona
fide owner and purchaser of half ticket No.
7» S3* Class "D," Honduras National Lot-
tery" Company, drawing Saturday. April 14.
19C0 which number won the first capital prize
of thirty thousand <W».«» D^-^ A
' By W. W. ANDREWS.
Fort Worth. Texat. •
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 24th
day of April. A. T>. 1900.
y L c. HVTCHINS. Notary Public.
¦ Tarrant County, Teias.
$15,000 FOR $1— ONE-HALF OF FIRST CAPI-
TAL PRIZE OF J30.CCO.
JfEW YORK. CITT. April J3, 1300.
Fred H Bishop and Anna Portia of Xo. 91
South street, being duly sworn, depose and say
that they reside at No. 91 South street. New
York City: that they are the holders and own-
ers of a one-half <«¦») ticket (No. 72.S52) of the
Honduras National Lottery Company, which
ticket was drawn on April 14, 1300; that said
number won the first capital prize of thirty
thousand ($30,000) dollars, and have received the
FRED H^BXSHOP.
MAX WTJSTROW. Notary Public
No 75 Kings County, certificate filed In N'ew
York County.
JS3 numbers ending with 70. being th» two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of J3O.0CO-JS.
999 numbers endlns with 23, belnp the two
last figures of th* number drawing the second
capital prize of isnoo— JS.
The subscriber, bavins supervised the single
number drawing. Class "E," Honduras Nation-
al Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the 100.000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto ¦ Cortez. Hon-
duras. C. A., this Saturday. May 12. 190ft
W. L. CABELti. Commissioner.
TERMINAL PRIZES?
APPROXIMATION' PRIZES.
100 numbers, from 92.520 to 92.620 Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawinjf the capital prize of $30.000— W.
100 numbers, from 62,173 to 12,273 Inclusive,
beingr SO numbers on each side of the num-
ber drawing the capital prize of JSOOO— $24.
10O numbers, from W.S26 to 33.92* Inclusive,
belnsr 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $4C0O—$16.
No. Prize. No. Prize.lXo. Prize.
g«33 $063715 16163742 1«
f*^ 1 18(64096 1954214 '. 1*
f}»5 40 64337 4C^(wO41 24
&>O46.. ...... 2465100... 40 65269 SO
fS 2^- 16 £310 2«!65213 1*
£325 40 K506.. ...... 16 C6-K 1«>
*>«?> 16:65664 24165710 80
f 5 ™ 40OJ6373S 24(65921 "
6o922.. ...... ?0l6o5S5-. l«!e6073: 19
66101........ 1666220 16,66275 ,. M
««M !4€6359 24^393 40
J2« 2»!C7443 MISTS!* »
6'6a5 80 67693.;:?.... 16 «7SO7 24
6T931 16J67992 16 6SO44..-. 1*
ffl^ 16J6S1S6......... 1616.SM3 40
SS330 16;6S393 24 6S632 40
f'23 S0CS30 40(8944 24
te362 8*63002 40|69213... M ... -IS
63238 24 6943*. 4O:«9493 24
6S612 80 83704..^... 24's9793 IS
©799 40*9982 16',70O«3 1«
<WSS 24 70513 ; 40;705» 24
T0577 40 70535 \ 16J7C851 4)
"M57 4070C67 ls!70704 IS
JJj27 1670733 40i70S37 « 18
709<» 407100« .^... 40-71887 24
111** *!71172 24171174 IS
i»234 I?>tn344 80 71J*« 16
T1«S 1671412 1471457 16
'16« 2471645 24(71741... 2i
71*™ 40I717SS — '.... 16171313 2t
71S37 1671069 24 720*3 „ 80
«0« 24 72380 1S|72387 IS
'2510 34 72S34 40172758 4U
tt9* IS 72338 16 72S39 - 24
"2937 1S;73O14 24 73QC9 18
73076 24 73222 1« 732S2 Si
"3354 24 73634 16 73723 1»
I 3 ®!! *-•- 16 :3SS * 18 7S3U 18
i<277 1S74310 40 74425 IS
74*49 24 745K 16|745S1 24
•4S35 H74g85.. 4074303 15
74M3 40 74334 16 : 7M64 V)
75415 > 16 75603 IS TiSS/) 400
760OS 120 7S034 24 76131 ? 4>J
76194 24|7«272 ie!76533....^^ 40
?«30S 24 7«624 40-76695 24
'676^ 16'7635« 24 7«SS3 18
7S367 18J77018 1*77057 1«
77201 1S7742« 24177469 40
£j£4 40-77698 24 777J4 100«)
I|2*5 1678233 1«;7S29S SO
iS3Ct> 40 75303 40 781W 4->
7*336 24J71407 8ol785M 24
7S755 24i7S77»....^.. 80I7S771 18
7S319 16I783S3 24*73043 4)
790*0 24>793*2 40-79400 14
79460 24J79357 24179701. ....... 24
"S"12 16j7M43 16ISO197 120,
80324 16!SO6<)8 24IR0724 4>
80S7S 1680JS5 80JS10O7 « 21
81139 40JS1192 24S132T U
8133S. 24J81469 M>|S1347 „ 1«
815S4 40S1682 8Of817» 40
S1SS7 16181S94 40 8209S 24
S2335.. ...... 40JS2344 16 SS122 .. 24
82431 . 16S2437 24|52«6$ 40
82«67 UlmOv 24 ( 52S14 _. 120
82338 24:82853 24182S64 7.. 24
83081 IS 3S131 SO S3224 40
S3228 16S3710 24J83733 U
83770 24I83S70 24JS33O4 1«
83978 1S:94C€2 24;S40S5 2»
S421» 18j842«7 16I842S4 U
843S2 40|S4537 24J34372.... . 11
8492S 16.S498S 16 S50-«8 «. 19
8S1S7 16 S5S41 16 Si3M 24
85318 24 S53S3 24IS5439 " SO
S5811 16I85813 1«;?5869 21
8639! .v HIS64O1 24 $6421 , IS)
8643S 40IS6537 24ISK59 60
S6S24 16iS«739 80S6343 4>
8T07S 16IS7162 18:87313 16
873W 40O.S736S 16187441 4i>
87473 40 l 87606 1«'S762» 24
S7635 40:S7767 40187777 1»
87737 . 4087797.: 4W 87SS2 16
87944 16I8S078 161W142 4i>
SS330 16J8S414 21J88319 1«
SS524 16S8720 1»!8S33S 1?
8SSS7 16JSS934 S0;SS>64 24
83018 24SM2.. ...... 16,?314« , 18
S3131 2489392 24 S94S7 1«
8943S 24.53507 1«;39345 40
895S2 l«jS95<>« 16 89665 M
89709..' 16;S9779 16,59732 12J
89919 120 •
9C013 40;90C49 24'90051 40
90201 12090264 . 24190771 18
SO2S8 40,90290 l 18 90372 4)
90377 16I9044* 24190623 14
90«47 24|9C€92 24i9OS31 14
MSS4 16J909CO 169103<> 21
J1126 16!911fi9 21191331 IS
914S5 1691302 40191514 18
91349 24|91743 4t 31794 18
91S13 16i91S71 2492042 SO
S2O47.. ...... 120:32140 4 16,92141 IS
92173 16 92202 ' 1K;92234 24
S2326 24)93339 80 92370 SCOOO 1
92374 24'SKSS 1GI92703 21
92735 1692743 24 92777 40
92S61 16 92973 is|93000 24
930S6 40:93083 16 93174 40
T3233 16193409 16 93414 16
93438 16193506 16 93525 24
93658 4093633 1693S44 16
93S?3 12O'93D86 SO 9+i27 24
94064 80;34O?0 809427S 2*
942S4 24I94«O« 1S94H2 24
94763 40;»4914 16:93023 24
930S3 16I93105 24 35232 1«
933S4 8035431 24 35453 16
9592* 16:96032 S0'S6134 18
9«2i3 40'963o3 24:36654 IS
9S737 16IS6734 1S'*«S7S IS
671)90 16.972S3 49;9734J 40
97305 16S753S 8097731 16
P7920 8097993 24!98044 24
9S121 1«,9S277 40 93338 80
SS443 24 S«4«l 24.38604 15
9s64S K0.DS654 S0,»S631 IS
i 9S73S 16?S*7S 16;9$931 18
9SS33 (!0'99230 16:99239 80
93334 S0J33389 1699327 80
93350 16'39S6« 1«997C8 18
99764 ' 24!9¥799 24,99304 18
The following marriage licenses were' Issued
yesterday:
Albert P. Leon, 21. 507 Pine street, and Kath-
eryn Jennlnss, 19. HolllBter, Cal.
Torjus Torvfl, 30, city, and Helena Alstad, 83,
city.
Hermann L. W'ltiky, 44. 42 Turk street, and
Hattle Gellerson. 31. 42 Turk street.
Henry W. Cannon. SO, Suisun, and Luella R.
Thomas, 23, Sulsun.
Sherman R. Smith, 33, Bollnas. and Kather-
lne M. Keyser, 2S, 103 Van Ness avenue.
Frank Blrtton. 34. 652 Mission street, and
Mary T. West, 34, 652 Mission street.
Alfred Y. Williams, 2S. 967 Mission street, »nd
Katie H. Cogley. 17. 967 Mission street.
Giamblsta Solar!. 29, 1326 Post street, and
Maria D'eaiatl, 23, 5IS Pine street.
Percy A. Crumn. 31, 13CO Laguna street, and
Florence I. Beverld^e, 27, 3421 Washington st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
BORN.
BLEADON'— In this city. May 16. 1900, to the
wife of C. L. Bleadon. & son.
EATRS— In this city. May 16, 1900. to the wlf«
of Georee A. Eayrs, a son.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth," marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the came published.
MARRIED.
BLAKELET-MEDAU-In Oakland. May 16,
15, 1900. by the Rev. Dr. Coyle. Alfred TV.
Blakeley and Edith S. Medau. both of Oak-
land.
CARSON— KINKEAD— In tbt* city. May 16.
1300. by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Charles D.
Carson and Fannie Klnkead.
CRUMP— BEVERIDGE— In this city. May 17,
1900, by the Rev. Philip Coomb«, Percy Al-
fred Cruir.n and Florence Isobel Beverldge,
both of San Francisco.
HEIDD-KEEL-In this city. May 18, 1900, by
the Rev. O. Groensber*, Julius Helda and
Eudora K Keel.
HOLMEU-WILLDE— In this city, May U. 1900,
by the Rev. O. Grcensberg-, Andrew J. Hol-
mer and Christina Wlllde.
JOHNSON- L.EMO— In this city. May 13. 1900,
by the Rev. O. Groensbers:, Martin Johnsan
and Ida Ovrre Lemo.
MONSEN-CUENOT-In this city. May 14, 1900.
by the Rev. O. Groensbery. Mons Monsen and
Louise Cuenot. »
LOTTERY DBA WING.
IiOTTEBY DRAWING.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. '8:30. »:30. 11:00 a. m.;
12:45, '1:45, 3:15. 4:15. »5:15. 6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP8-For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. t\ ednesdaya, Saturday*
and Sunday*. *t 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUN T DAYB-7:00, •gW. 'SiOO. MOiOO. 11:00. U:S0
a. m.; 12:45.: HiA. 2:W. •»:45. 6:o5, «:00, ?;»
p. in •
11:60 a. m. doea not run to Baa Rafael Boa-
days.
Trains marked (•> run to San QuenUn.
FROM SA?,* RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
V.'ESK DAYS-5:35. t-J3, T:SO. 8:40. •18:1J v
m.: «V-l:«. 2:15. '3:30 4:30. 6:30 p! m.
EXTRA TRIPS prv Mondays. Wedneaday*
and Baturdays at *8:4» and 10 £t n. m. -rT".
BUNDAYfr-€:15. »S:00. -J^. •lltOda. m. : 11:00
n»7: l:«. ?:». »S:30. 4:30. »5:45. 8:45. 7:30. lOJO
marked (•) etart from Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:63, 8:45, 1:00, J:55. 10:W «,
m" 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30 4^0. 6:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:29 p. m.
8UNDAYS-6:35. .8:05. 10:06. 11:10 a. m.; U;«
1-20 2S0, 3:45. 4:55. «:I5. 7:03. 10:M p. m.. -
1 THROUGH TRAINi V
- 7:00 a. tn. week days — Cazadero aad way sta-
3:15 p.m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way »ta-
6'15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
1 :00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way »ta-
- 11:45 p. m. 8unday»— Point Reyes and way
*Utl0M. ¦;... .,-¦¦• ¦ - ¦- . __^_ : : —
AND SAN RAFAEL.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
No- \ Prize.JNo. Prize. !No. Prize.
«.'. . 40 63 24 135 24
1'7 JO 2*)1 24 3S4 SO
*56 24 g»3 24 953 16
1W8 40 1130 16i U84 24
l«0 1<J 1657 24[ 16«9 34
1693 SO) 1S73 120 1S76 18
2003 • 16 2103 24 2111 21
23©) 16 2504 16 2585 24
2634 24 2717 24 2S36 24
S064 16 3084 16 3151 16
3177 24 3319 40 3323 24
3315 16 3370 40 3469 16
3577... 16 3833 It 3S?4 24
3323... 16 3994 16 4055 4!>
4103 24 4195 16! 4232 IS
4375 16 4373 40 4O4 IS
4762 40 4S43 405 4930 1«
6009 24 501S 16| 5111 ;. 16
6132 *a 514S lo! 5192 16
5599 IS' 6605 16 5755 40
0757 80 57S5 40 6022 ]«
6)23 40 6140 16 6152 1«
6352 16 6702 16 6761 16
6S63 SO 6S52 40 7163 16
7355. 24| 73»6 Mi 7477 24
7505 24 7542 16 7601 16
7622 16 7777 40 S021 21
8057 16 8103 16 8104 lfi
8129 120 81S1 16| S247 16
S332... 40 8383 161 8430 16
85&« 40 S62S 16 S645 120
SC65 40 9011 1* 9034 24
S043 40 9058 24 SOW 16
9217 40 9230 1« 9353..."..... 24
9465 16 9625 16 9703 16
9712 40 9843 40 9S54 16
9S66 24 9960 24J10010 4-J
10031 24 10103 Si);10323 1«
10363 16 10334 24 10415 4>
10457 40 10508 SO 10537 16
10741 16 10901 24 10982... 24
110O1 16 U0O5 16)11135 24
113S3 16 11513 8 J 11536 16
11563 40 11707 4-7 11755 16
11S1S 2411895 40,11956 40
12003 .-. 16 1*215........ 40|12230 24
12379 24U254J 16!i:«27.. 40
12875 24tl2916 .... 24J19K3 ¦ 1C
13074 24 13135 16(13236 16
13323 15 13419 40'13434 24
13436 4i)13443 16 13648..: 40
13720 16 13748 24 13S09 16
14068 16 14115 16:14142 16
14337 16 143S5 16114396 24
14464.. 15 143S1 16;14«3« 1*
14694 40 14773 40O|147S9 SO
14813 40 14SS5 16 14909 16
15063 16 15172 16 1534S 40
15524 24 156oS IS 15737 24
16033 24 16315 40[3637i) 15
16*23 120 16708 16 16730 16
16S42 16 16S54 16 16327 24
16332 24 16CM2 4) 17110 4*
17367 " ' 80 17875 24J176C3 80
17736 80 17775 16'17S08 40
17883 16,18002 16 18120 16
18126 16 18189 24 1S193 IS
18200 24118573 16 1S625 18
1S692 16 13694 10 18750 16
18963 16119022.:. 16 19248 . 24
19363 16 15605 24 ! 1963S 16
19794 16 20070 16^20111 40
20135 16.20174 16|2O32S 54
20564 40130732 16|20740 40
21060 16J21464 16 2156S , 24
216C8 1622021 J0J22O91 IS
22137 40J22214 18122225 16
22285 .... 16122445 16;22773 24
22333 16(23020. £4!230?3 40
23U3 4O<23149 ; 2li23217 16
23247 1623334 40i233S5 24
23472 24123597 16 23651 16
23762 16(23544 SO 23996 80
24116 24J243U 24'24322 16
24348 16124371 16:24709 40 i
24763 80 24866 1624S74 40 !
24315 40(24995.. S0i23066 24
25102 1« 25120 2t'25127 26 I
25149 24 25172 24125317 16
25439 24 23458 24!25509 1«
2559*.. 24 23614 16i:5S39 4>
25«46 16 25700 2*;25707 4)
25732 24 23819 8*26039 16
260*0 24 25130........ 16'2G361 120
26573 16 26617 16,26619 16
26738 16:26849 40-25852 24
26J46... ...... 16,26991 16-27007 24
27070 40 27007 18127148 24
27225 ; 24 27518 16J275S2 24
27708 24 27727 24 27990 40
23000 24 28048 40C2S435 15
2S314. ....... 24 2S536 24i2S370 4<>
2S696.. ...... 24 28709 16I2S754 1<5
29071 45i231» 1S'2»121 40
231»J... 24J29137 1* 23263 IS !
29305 1«|23454 24|39594 16 i
29613 24 29681 24J29704 IS'
2973S :. 80.29824 16 23S65 24 |
29911 24 . |
3011S 16|S014S S03C204 40
30T.09... 40I3KM 16 30372 15
30397 21JJ0490 16130703 4*
30840 16!3aS52 1613OSJ7 21
30S79 40i30S33 24I30SM 40
30902 1630S60 40 ! 30J«6 24
30935 24 31073 16:31075 IS
310S3 S0I3124S 1631263 40
31403 120, ! 3171S 163irit> JO
31968 120,32077 24!3205i) 15
32148 1532205 16 32240 1*
S3M7 4032S24 2452355 16
S23M 24!323?8 1«3243S 24
82317 24 32576 24 32627 ?i
32661 40S2916 M|32Mt> 4<>
3304? 8033147 2433219 16
33254 12O'S3271 24J334OO IS
J3521 16J33677 16)33679 1«
335^0 54 3330S SOiSSSIO 24
S4943 l«'34170 120 341S7 16
S4205 J0J34222 15134406 24
34551 1634606 40:34635 1*
3463? 16:34719 18|3451t 24
S4S22 40J34S73 24 34937 40
34970 40|349<9 40 352S5 1«
35367 40334«2 40!S5. ! WO 40
J5799 16i3«102 16 36110 21
36165 2436325 16 36334 40
3^361 r413B267 1613C377 40
36433 4036471.: !G'3<tf4* U
365S6 16'3C«4S 24|M57« ?S
86791 4035S03 8O!13JI7.'. 40
S60S7 2437005 S4U7M6 JC
370«3 40 370S6 21C7'(;... 1*5
37145 $0 37234 lf.374?} 14
S77S6 40 S7S07 24'37?S2 _ 16
37909 40J38139 l«f3S4C3 80
3S497 24 3S622 16;3S723 16
2911S 24 3J137 24)39145 24
89436... 16 39481 24I39C05 40
39623 16 39R31 40133639 1«
39769 1639820 1«:39876 40"iO
4010S 24 40172 lfi|40C04 IS
403S3 24 40389 16140393 24
4M27 40 40536 24;4K>97 24
406S6 40 4*699 ; 16140723 SO
40S40 40 4090G „.. 4*^0907 40
41147 40 41336 .... l>541404 '.... 18
4143? -SO 41517 4014156? IS
4162S 24 41635 ' 40J41655 16
41670 ..' 16 42096 ¦ 16I4212S 15
42209 16 42210 40 42233 16
42322 24 4?3«4 24|42J42 40
42475 16 42348 161423S0 1«
426S7 24 42631 16 42706 40
42715........ 80 42718 24|42S9S l«
43037 80 43050 16143117 16
43144. ....... 40 43181., 24(43193 .24
4S310.....'... 16 43481 18 43766 16
43931 16 44321 16|44435 40
44515 16 44537........ 40 44539 14
44742 24 44770 24 44S14 40
44S35 4O44SSO 24 44971 24
451S3 24 45257 24|45343 16
43292 16 454S9 - 16 45591 16
45704 40 45745 16 45S32.. 16
45901 15 46425 ' 80 46465 16
4K29 16 45614 24 46595 24
46772 24 46797. 24i46S0O 16
46SC6 16 48376 16I4V37 49
47125 SO 47175... \ 16I472OS IS
47237 120 47319 40 47521.. 16
47606 40 47953. ' 80 48149 24
4S277 80 48303...' 40 48477..'. 18
4S550 .'. 24 4S592..." 24 48594 SO
4S616 18 4S627 16 48710 120
4SS40 24 49036 40I49O94 18
49126 24 491S2 16143203 24
43247.. 1000 49330 16 49S23 go
49<!92 24 49919 16149981 24
43991 16 43397 16[50001 49
60047 4C30O64 S0.5C121 16
60220 S4I5CC60 24I3030S 40
503?4 120150319 16t30667 - 24
B06S9 16!510S9 80151164 18
81375 1« 51510 24I5153P .... JOCO
6US1 24 31646 24J31680 16
52121 40E2150 16IS216S is
5MK2 24';521S7 24152262 16
E21C4 80 52460 '.. 21 524« 16
52394 120'52764 16 52S93.. 40
52953.... 40162961 16 52S74 SO
53C29 16JC3126. .16 53195 24
6?336 1653376 16(53717 18
53^23 ...... 161S3R47 40153912 »4
B4157 24154208 24154257 80
54317. ...... 1654434.. 40134442 2J
51523 16,54574 I6i54648 18
54790 40i54S55 .40155077 16
85141 16155204 120'554l4 24
5541^ 16i55494 80'55E0« 18
55664! IS 1 586RO 24I35S22 16
65925 40:56046 8015RC64 13
56102 16 56125 24 56255 16
66264 16 66277... 2^5632? 16
EC442.. .....;• 24J6489 16I5S375 ; 40
56577 24 B6605. ....... 16136613 16
J6619.. 40'56599 16156730.. 16
5C939 16(56951 16I36389 40
66391.. 16157097 16157137 i«
67216 16167253 40 57298 16
67316 80 37435 16157531........ 16
57558 . 24 57414........ 120157775 15
577S0 SO137S12 S0I37S48 16
67533 J4I5S13O :4'5S2S1 21
5S«*>6 245S395 40i58o77..' 24
5S669 24SSS17 S0.5SS73.. 16
lllzZ ........ 24 59049 80139298 40
5PS93 .... 24(59422 ' 40139462 16
5S4S6* 40159510... 40J3SS19. «
69S34 ".... 24159847 16t300O3 16
G00O5 ... 24 6n3SS......;. l«i60.T9S.. ...... 40
60457".-". 24 60614... .«|«0fi» -40
60780 ..¦.,... 24 60945.. 16 61136 go
Tllil.l.....: 1661261 80 51364........ i 6
1 613S* ...... -1*!«14«3 16 61514....;... . J8
6K46!.....-.. 24J6W37 4O!KM13 16
62112.::..... - 1«|«1SO S0J62213........ 2 »
C223.. EOijO 62262...'..... 16i62206 16
62434........ • S0'«21?4 lfi|624!>«......r.\ ,u
62534..:..... 16I62S13 16 62345.. 24
62910.-.. 24 63957.. ....... 15 R3052... 2t
63177 1« 63273 . 1«!63424..; >0
63497.. -40 63583........ -161635S9.. ...... 16Iioring Club Concert.
The fourth concert of the Loring Club's
twenty-third season will be given- about
June 15. The music committee has in hand
for the programme six new compositions
for male voices and a part of Mendels
sohn's setting of the "Antigone of Sopho
cles" for double male voice choir and
quartet. Among the soloists will be Clar
ence Wendell. J. F. Veaco and H. E.
Medley. The chorus rehearsals have been
exceptionally excellent.
The decision of the Supreme . Court that
bonds of quasi public corporations are not
assessable wa^- followed yesterday by a
suit on the part of Wells, Fargo & Co.
to recover $3433 Gl taxes 'paid on bonds of
the Market Street Railway • Company,
assessed at $180,000, and bonds of the local
telephone company, assessed at 126.000.
Many suits of similar nature will doubt
less be filed within the next few days and
some anxiety Is expressed as to the out
come In view of the depleted state of the
treasury. -•
Takes Advantage of the Supreme
Court Bond Decision and
Commences- Action.
WELLS, FARGO & CO. TO
RECOVER TAXES PAID
Gasser Spoke of Political "Workers.
Loo Gasser address*^ th© Socialists in
the Academy of, Sciences' Hall last even
ing, his subject being "Workers in Poli
tics." The general idea of the talk was
that all socialists ought to be workers In
politics for their own benefit. . . — ¦-
Dr. W. H. Mcys resumed practice 1116
Sutter. cor. L&rkln: res.. Hotel Granada.*
A Saving for Vacation.
On sale to-day . 500 pairs Misses' tan
shoes, all sizes,; at 50 cents per pair.
1000 pairs ladles' -button and lace, tan or
black, at 85 cents, worth $2 to $4, at the
Standard, 1029 Market street, between
Sixth and Seventh.' •
McGl ade Jury Complete,
, M. E.. Willis, John " Corbet t* and A. Hlller
were accepted by counsel In the Peter Mc-
Olade forgery case yesterday to complete
the Jury. : After their selection an adjourn
ment was taken until Monday.
Stable Keepers Will Organize.
A permanent organization of the livery
stable keepers rt San Francisco Is to be
formed and will probably be called the
Liverymen's Board of Trade. A meeting
was held last evening at which J. J. Fa
gran presided and H. G. Armstrong acted
as pecretary. Martin Fragley, W. E.
Pease and Walttr Pease were appointed a
committee on by-Jaws and L.. D. Slocum.
James Tompkinson and John J. H. Lcary
e committee on permanent organization.
Forty-five large stables were represented
at the meeting. A permanent organiza
tion will he effected at a meeting to be
held next Thursday night.
OUTPOURING OF
ELOQUENCE IN
THE FAIR CASE
Yesterday was a day of brilliant argu
ment in Judge Troutt's court. Two of
the leading attorneys for the Fair heirs,
Garrett McEnerney and ex-Governor
James H. Budd, occupied the day. The
two legal stars were accorded deep atten
tion from 9 o'clock in the morning, when
McEnerney opened, until 5 p. m., when
Budd closed.
Attorney. McEnerney confined himself
largely to exposing the weaknesses, fal
4acies and contradictions in the testimony
offered by Mrs. Craven-Fair's witnesses.
He said the court could decide the case
in favor of the Fair heirs on these points
alone.
The' attorney analyzed the testimony of
each of the petitioner's witnesses and
talked of the absence of direct proof ot
the marriage of -Fair and Mrs. Craven.
It was not likely, he said, that Fair
would treat his wife as a stranger.
The witnesses who said they had heard
Fair call Mrs. Craven his wife were un
certain and evasive, the attorney con
tinued.
"Mrs. Craven's case is built upon fraud
and corruption," Mr. McEnerney said.
"There is no eecape from the conclusion
that she stands guilty of perjury, bribery
and forgery."
"This lady incubates witnesses wherev
er she settles," said Budd, after dwelling
on the stories told by Slmpton and Sylva
of Sausalito and Lane of Alameda. Con
tinuing, the attorney went into the laws
of marriage, as they existed in California
in 1892, when Fair is alleged to have mar
ried Mrs. Craven by contract.
It was the duty of the court to distrust
the evidence of Mrs. Craven as to the al
leged marriage contract, said Mr. Budd,
because of her efforts to establish the
forged deeds. The testimony of any in
terested party as to the acts of a deceas
ed person must always be looked upon
with suspicion, he said, and quoted Eng
lish and American decisions setting forth
this theory. . . . \ ; .
Whether or not there was a forgery.
Budd claimed, Mrs. Craven was not en
titled to a family allowance because she
was not an immediate member of the
Fair family, fche and Fair had always
lived apart. She herself had testified that
the marriage of herself and Fair was a
secret that should die with them. He
never even took her to the theater, and
did not go on the street with her, save
the one time when It was alleged he and
she appeared before Craig to acknowl
edge the marriage contract.
• Under the laws of California, the at
torney said," there never was a solemniza
tion of the marriage. It was impossible
for it to be solemnized save under the
provisions of the code. If they had de
ported themselves as man and wife they
would have received the benefit of the
assumption.
* If there was any legal solemnization,
said Budd, It took place before Slmpton
in July, 1892. It was strange Mrs. Craven
had never mentioned this to any one.
Why, he asked, if Simpton had performed
thia ceremony, had her astute attorneys
sued on the deeds, when,- by establishing
Mrs. Craven's marriage with Fair, they
could have obtained for her one-third of
$9,000,000? Strange she did not remem
ber the : Slmpton ceremony before the
deeds, were declared- forgeries.
. Why had she never told her brother-in
law, McArthur,' who Is an attorney? Budd
asked/ Why had not Craig Indorsed the
alleged marriage contract on the back if
his conscience prevented him entering it
In bis book?
As to Simpton and Sylva, no matter how
¦ bad 'they- were-, they were of Mrs. Cra
ven's finding, said the attorney. N'o mat
ter how great or little they could be re
lied upon, they were her witnesses.
The argument goes on to-day. I-Jife
Pence will occupy the forenoon for Mrs.
Craven and W. S. Pierson will close for
the heirs. ¦ -
The End "Will Com© To-Day When
Attorneys Pierson and Lafe
Pence Will Mak© Closing
Talks,
Lawyers Budd and McEn
erney Make Arguments
for the Heirs.
New Plan for Election of Teachers
in the Department — Money Ee
quested to Equip Chil
dren's Playground.
The Board of Education at Its meeting
yesterday morning decided not to remove
Madame Glffard, special teacher of
French, from her position In the depart
ment. Superintendent Webster Introduc
ed a resolution providing for the dismissal
of the - teacher on the ground that the
certificate under which she had been ap
pointed was Illegal because It had been
renewed before its expiration.
Director Denman contended that Mad
ame Giffard's certificate was a rogrant
and not a renewal. Though he admitted
that it was not renewed within the legal
period, he stated that she had been grant
ed another certificate on her credentials
as a graduate of_a French academy and
also upon her original certificate. The
superintendent argued that the certificate
was really a renewal, and as It had not
been renewed in time it was clearly il
legal. AVhen the vote was taken on Web
ster's resolution Chairman Mark and Di
rectors • Casserly and Denman voted
against It. Mrs. KIncald, who agreed
with Webster's contention; voted in fa
vor of the resolution.
Miss E. J. McGrcevy, a teacher of the
South End School, who had been reported
for frequent absence from her duties, did
not fare so well as her associate. She
was suspended from the School Depart
ment for one year from April 25, 1900.
The resolutions recited that Miss Mc-
Greevy had failed repeatedly for years to
notify the principal of her intended ab
sence, thus directly violating the rules
of the board, and that the Interests of the
department suffered toy the irregular at
tendance of the teacher. Miss K. Tarpey
was assigned to the vacancy. Miss M. L.
Boylan was assigned to the Burnett
School.
The following resolution was . also
adopted:
¦Whereas, It is our desire to secure assist
ance in formulating the best possible plan for
the election of teachers to our department: and
we believe that experts In the profession of
pedagogy and men of large experience in the
educational problems now confronting our
Board of Education should be requested to
assist us ln'thls most. Important work that we
have yet considered; be It
Resolved, That the following named . persons,
together with the. Board of Education, bo and
are hereby appointed to constitute a commis
sion, whose duties shall be to formulate* a
plan for the election -and the appointment of
teachers: Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of.
the University of California: David Starr Jor
dan, president of Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity; Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent of
Public Instruction; Elmer B.: Brown, head of
pedagogical department,* University of Cali
fornia;. E. P. Cubberly,: r head' of pedagogical
department, Leland ' Stanford l -Jr. University;
Frederick Burk, principal of the State . Normal
Resolutions were adopted. requesting the
Board of Supervisors to set 1 ; aside $5000
for the equipment and- maintenance of
children's playgrounds; 'also " requesting
the Park Commissioners 'to set "apart Co
lumbia Square; to; be used for that 'pur
pose. Reference is made to the play
ground conducted on a Bush-street' school
lot) by the California Club, and attention
is called to- the fact that. Eastern cities
have successfully conducted children's
playgrounds by*, making, them a part of
the city school system.
The United States Civil Service Board
was granted the: use of the Lowell High
School June 16. to hold examinations.
Chief Census Marshal Elbert Informed
the - board -that the school - census -would
be completed soon and would show .three
thousand more names than last year. Of
these 1500 were, added by the system of
sending notices to parents from the su
perintendent's office. -Elbert said he was
obliged to , discharge several j of his depu
ties for, lncompetency, but: regarded the
present census as. complete as It could be
made under the .circumstances.
School Board Overrules Su
perintendent Webster's
Recommendation.
MADAME GIFFARD
IS NOT REMOVED
FROM HER PLACE
$3 ladles' French" kid shoes ; for $2 a pair
at the Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market St.*
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted in the
COL. MARCEAU
WILL RESIST
EXTRADITION
In an Interview Refers to
His Wife as a Crazy
Woman.
* KE 7, T0RK ' Ma >' ".-Colonel Theo
dore Marceau does not seem worried over
the news that he is to be extradited from
thia city to the courts of. San Francisco
to answer to the charge of abducting his
own son. He had the boy with him when
seen at his hotdl to-day. They had Just
returned from a walk. ,
"Pooh, pooh." exclaimed the colonel*
there won't be any extradition proceed
ings. That is only the talk of a crazy wo
man. I am not at all afraid that anything
of the sort will be done. Police, pshaw!
I don t see any around me; do you?"
r,, C Kn°?. el ? Iar ceau expressed his dislike of
publicity In the matter. He said ho nad
come to New York to live-not to take a
steamer from here to Europe-and he pro
posed to go into business here. . . - '
* 1 obtained a divorce from that woman
«,T«1 y ?rh?'- aB< jr h ? 8aid * ""was my
suit. This action is brought simply to
make me trouble and get some money out
of me. She doesn't want the child. That
Is all _ nonsense. I have had the child
since he was four months old. He was
boarding most of the time. The boy
wants to. stay with- me. I will light the
abduction proceedings to the end, whether
I am extradited or not." ,-. ; V
# - 1 " i* 1 !® tootel the rumor has circulated
that the fortune of Mr. Fiske was not
sufficient to satisfy . Mrs. FJske-Marceau-
Fennell. She had been divorced from Mr.
!lP el L' ll was stated, ana" It was not
until after this release that she brought
proceedings to recover the boy. Mean
while it had been discovered that some of
\, b £\ c £ bulld lngs in Fresno. Cal., left by
Mr. 1< isko were mortgaged.
BDeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Says That She Does Not Really Wont
the Boy, but Is Only Seeking to
Worry the Father and Get
Money From Him.
WARRANTS ISSUE
FOR ARREST OF
TELEPHONE MEN
Tax Collector Scott Forces an Issue
Upon, the Question of License
Tax on the Talking De-
Corporation Officials Must
Answer for Alleged Re
fusal to Pay.
¦Warrants were issued last night by Po
lice Judge Fritz upon complaint of Tax
Collector Scott, for the arrest of John I.
Sabln, president and general manager of
the telephone company, and for Frank
Katon, secretary of The corporation, for
alleged violation of the telephone license
ordinances.
The complaints are based upon three
counts. They cover all of the legal phases
of the contest which has been inaugurated
by Tax Collector Scott to enforce the law
requiring tho telephone corporation to pay
specific license tax on each instrument in
service. The Tax Collector's demand upon
the company for payment was refused.
Scott then applied to the District Attorney
and the complaints were accordingly pre-
The first count carries the charge that
the company has refused to pay the
license of $2 a quarter on each telephone,
which tax was Imposed nearly two years
ago The second count applies to a 60
cent license tax levied upon each tele
phone which has a nlckel-ln-the-slot at
tachment. The third item of complaint
is upon the alleged refusal of the com
pany to file with tho Tax Collector a veri
fied statement of the number of telephones
in service within the city's Jurisdiction.
Each of these charges under the or
dinances Is a misdemeanor. The com
plaints are framed in such a manner as
to enable the courts to make the legal
test which la sought by the Tax Col
lector. The entire subject of telephone
licensing will be fought out. ¦
Tax Collector Scott said: "In order to
have every point fully covered I have
had both of the license ordinances
brought into this fight. If the corporation
is liable for this, tax we want to know
It as soon as possible. I feel confident
my position is the correct one and that
the company will be compelled to pay up."
FLEET F. STROTHER.
Superior Court yesterday to Gertrudo J.
Edwards from John H. Edwards for de
sertion, Robert E. Scott from Lyda M.
Scott, same cause. Suits for divorce have
been filed by Mary P. Fehlauer against
Max B. Fehlauer for failure to provide,
Edward Scheller against Jennie Scheller
for intemperance. Lucy C. Connor against
Thomas J. Connor for failure to provide.
George A. Holland against Mary Holland
for desertion and Lora Eichelroth against
Francis C. Eichelroth for failure to pro
vide. ¦ :. : ...
FLEET F. Strother. well known in
commercial and political circles in
this city, passed away at his home,
10S4 Bush street, yesterday morn
ing. Death came to Mr. Strother at the
age Qf 61 and waa the result of a lingering
Illnes3 which developed Into pneumonia.
The end came suddenly and painlessly
while Mr. Strother was asleep, although
he suffered considerably during the past
few weeks. His wife did not realize the
seriousness of his condition until late on
Wednesday night, when the attending
physicians informed her that there was
no hope for her husband's recovery.
Fleet F. Strother was born In Washing
ton, D. C. He settled in Minnesota when
quite young and studied law. Later he
married and was admitted to the bar. In
1S64 he came to California and soon had a
high standing in the San Francisco Stock
Exchange. He purchased a seat In the
"big board" and retained It for years. The
Heat in the board was sold and Mr.
Strother resumed the practice of law.
As a politician he was successful. Three
times he was elected a Supervisor and re
tired from the office with laurel«. At the
expiration of his last term as a city
father he accepted the nomination for Au
ditor. He was elected to this office three
times also.
About eight years ago Mr. Strother re
tired from politics and has since practiced
law.- His health had recently been failing
and a short time ago he contracted the
cold which finally terminated in his death.
Ho leaves a wife, but no children.
PIONEER BROKER AND
POLITICIAN EXPIRES
REPUBLICANS OF
TRE CITY FORM
A PARTY CLUB
Advocacy of Plans for Con
ducting Campaign on
Principle.
The initial meeting of the California Re
publican Association was held" last even
ing in Assembly Hall, Mills building. The
following named charter members at
tended:
George D. Squires, George M. Perine,
S. C. Irving, Emile Bauer, Frank French.
Charles F. McCarthy, John D. Slebe, Al
bert H. Menne, R. E. Miller, George R.
Fletcher, A. B. Truman, W. Z. Tiffany.
L. IL Ellert, Frank McGowan, John Lack
mann. James \V. Harris, Asa R. Wells.
A. H. Merrill. Dr. J. Perrault. R. H. Jones,
H. E. Holmes, Charles Sonntag,* Eugene
F. Bert, Davis Louderback, J. P. McMur
ray. George T. Shaw, Ed H. Aigeltinger,
Lincoln D. MacDonald and Tirey L. Ford.
George D. Squires was elected tempor
ary chairman and A. H. Merrill was chos
en temporary secretary. On motion of
Frank McGowan, the chairman was au
thorized to appoint a committee of live on
permanent organization. Frank Me- '¦
(jowan, Frank French, W. Z. Tiffany,
John D>. Siebe and J. P. McMurray were
appointed in pursuance of the motion. !
The duty of recommending the names of
eleven men to comprise the board of di
rectors of the club devolves upon the
committee. The recommendations will be
presented to the association on Saturday
evening of next week, to which time the
meeting adjourned.
Brief speeches were made by A. B. Tru
man. ex-Mayor L. R. Ellert. Sheriff John
Lackmann, Frank McGowan, Attorney
General Tirey L. Ford, Davis Louder
back. Auditor Asa R. Wells and John D
Slebe.
Mr. Truman thought that advisory
boards should be appointed to promote
district organization of Republican clubs.
Mr. McGowan regretted that the Repub
licans of San Francisco had long been
denied the opportunity to fight for the
party's cause on lines of principle. It
was unfortunate that the party organiza
tion In municipal affairs waa managed by
men who recognized vice and gain as the
chief ends of domination. It was time
that Republican campaigns should be
placed on a higher plane.
Attorney General Ford appreciated th©
sentiments expressed by Senator Mc-
Gowan and pointed out the danger of los
ing campaigns through apathy and defec
tive organization.
Davis IxfUderback spoke of the great Im
portance of the Presidential campaign.
The question Involved is whether Ameri
can sovereignty shall be withdrawn from
any portion of American territory.
Auditor Wells. John D. Slebe, L. R
Ellert and John Lackmann spoke in be
half of harmony and hard work
Assemblyman "W. H. Cobb and Alfred
Bouvler attended the meeting as specta
tors.
The Democratic County Committee, Jas
per McDonald chairman, will meet in Na
tive Sons' Hall next Tuesday evening
Preliminary steps will then be taken to
devise some plan of creating a municipal
convention to choose delegates to the
Democratic State Convention. The State
Central Committee of the party decided
against the plan of permitting county
committees to appoint delegates. Follow
ers of Phelan in San Francisco are stren
uously opposing the primary election
method, hence a convention will be creat
ed by the county committee. -
Outside of ' the old commjttee which
managed the last municipal campaign the
Mayor has not many supporters. II© has
adherents, however, in the committee and
they may be able to create a convention
that will elect delegates favorable to his
cause.
It peemi to be settled, as The Call pre
dicted some days agro, that ex-Senator
White. James G. Maguire and Mayor Phe
lan will be elected delegates at "large to
the Kansas City convention. J D. A. Os
trom of Yuba is prominently mentioned as
the fourth delegate.
Democrats Will Meet Next Tuesday
Evening and Devise Methods
for Creating a Convention
to £3ect Delegates.
ICeeting Held in Chambers by Court,
Lawyers and Jailers, but No
Light Penetrate* the
Mystery.
Investigation Completed a
Cycle Without Much
Result.
BOTKIN AFFAIR
ORDERED CLOSED
BY JUDGE COOK
THE Musicians' Mutual Protective
Union objects to policemen as musi
cians. They could stand for Lees'
drum corps, but the sight of twenty
"cops" with trombones, cornets and bass
horns in their fists Instead of clubs, was
the straw that broke the camel's back.
Incidentally, they believe that numerous
crimes which have been committed
throughout the city might have been pre
vented had policemen been devoting their
time to patrolling their beats. That a score
of husky blue coats are permitted to leave
their beats two days of each week for two
hours at a time that they may "Jam"
wind and furnish the even step for the an
nual parade has aroused their unbounded
indignation.
At a meeting of the board of directors of
the Musicians' Mutual Protective Union
on Tuesday it was decided to bring the
matter before the members of the union
at the next regular monthly meeting, and
the delegates to the Labor Council were
instructed to' lay the matter before that
body. The musicians think that the or
ganization of a police band to furnish
music for parades is an injustice to them,
as the officers composing that body are re
ceiving fat salaries for patrolling their
beats and should not taka the bread and
butter out of the mouths of those whos«
sole business It Is to do the music act
when public occasions demand it. An
other thing that la significant in the- eyes
of the Musicians' Union is the fact that
twenty beats remain unwatched for a
period of four hours each week, while th©
eves that should keep vigil over them ar»
nxed on sheet music in a little room on
Larkin street to no particular advantage
to the public.
One thing is certain, however, that
whatever th© result of th© union's action
may be, there will be no boycott levied on
the police force.
The Jt-olice Band as Some People See It.
TOUCHING SCENE IN
A CITY POLICE COURT
A REPENTANT husband, a weeping and forgiving wife and a pretty little
girl, blue eyed and flaxen haired, and a sympathetic Judge were actors
in a touching drama conducted in Judge Fritz's court yesterday. The
husband was Peter Hansen, a teamster, who was under arrest for being
tfrnnk. When he was arraigned in court Mrs. Hansen was there to plead for
him. and his little daughter tearfully seconded her plea. Hansen was completely
overcome). He asked the Judge to pledge him not to drink intoxicating liquors
again and in the same breath expressed confidence that he would be able to keep
the pledge. The Judge swore Hansen ar.d then he signed the pledge of total ab
stinence which the court clerk had drafted.
Tn« patient wife, who had forgiven he-r husband already for the trouble he
hai brought upon her, said that she was now satisfied, and her face shone with
r.ew happiness as the case was dismissed and her husband was permitted to leave
the court with her a free man. They went from the room arm-in-arm and as
they ¦walked away the little girl put her tiny hand in that of her father and
coaxed him not to cry any more.
Peter Hansen Swears to* Forego Liquor.
MUSICIANS THINK POLICE
SHOULD NOT STUDY MUSIC
BIG INCREASE IN
DEFICIT OF CITY
Supervisors' Fruitless Economy
Only Reduces It a Paltry
Amount.
Auditor Wells Declares It Will Reach Enormous
Sura of $203,776.85 if St. Marys
Park Is Purchased.
AUDITOR WEL.LS threw a bombshell into the camp of the Board of Super
visors yesterday when he made the startling statement that If $125,000 la
set apart for the purchase of St. Marys Park there will be a total estimated
deficit of $203,776 85 in the municipal funds at the end of the present fiscal
year. The statement is all the more remarkable from the fact that the present
Board of Supervisors began Its official career In a determined attempt to wipe
out a prospective deficit of $211,000 and after three months' effort, during which
time the etreets have been plunged into darkness and the taxpayers subjected
to all kinds of annoyance and inconvenience, the deficit has been reduced by 'a
paltry $7000. according to the Auditor's figures.
The cash on hand to the credit of the general fund Is placed at $501,463 S7. In
this item Auditor Wells includes the fund of $125,000 which heretofore was sup
. posed to have been set apart for the purchase of St. Marys Park. As a matter
of fact. Wells contends that the money has never been set aside for the purpose
but is part and parcel of the general fund. He figures out a deficiency of $78,
776 £5 in the city funds if the $125,000 Is not used for the park purchase. If It should
be held to be a separate fund, which Wells claims is Impossible, the deficit
of $78,776 85 will be increased by $125,000. Under this system of figuring it is
estimated that the total deficit will be $203,776 85, or exactly $7233 15 less than
when the present administration started out to reduce expenses on all sides
with so little show of success. . .
The Auditor's statement to the Board of Supervisors shows the condition of
the general fund and an estimate of the probable expenditures and" revenue of
the different departments for May and June of the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1900:
Demands on hand with Auditor and Supervisors $30,000 00
Estimated probable expenditures 629,082 48
. $719,682 4S
Cash on hand City and County Treasury, May 14, 1000 —
General fund $501.463 87
Tax»>s 1SJS-1S99 to be transferred to current year 6,649 62
Redemptions of property eoM to State 6,800 00
Railroad Taxes ¦ 392 2-t
. $513,305 63
Estimated Revenue From Taxes and Other Sources —
From taxes 49,000 00
From licenses 75.000 00
From fines— Police Courts, etc 10. COO 00
From fees— city and county officers 22.000 CA
From poll taxes 4,000 00
From back taxes to be credited — current year S.0<» 00
From percentages on street railroads 14,000 00
1S2.0C0 00
695,305 63
Less Moneys Set Aside From the l«ast Fiscal Tear for the
Following Purposes—
Denial Park B.000 00
Bojworth-Btreet tunnel , 4.400 00
Xew police station 11.000 00
Furnishing Hall of Justice 3S.O00 00
64,400 W
640,905 63
Probable deficit for fiscal year 1S33-19OO "S.776 85
If St. Mary* Park is purchased 125,000 00
$203,776 85
Owing to the probable deficit the most stringent economy Is absolutely nec
essary In all departments. The Auditor suggests that the heads of the various
branches of the municipal government meet In conference at an early date In
order to devise ways and means to overcome the shortage.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 18, 1900.
12
The spasm of excitement that swept the
city when Judge Cook announced that ]
he" had seen Mrs. Cordelia Botkin on a I
Guerrero-street car has subsided and, eo ,
far as the court is concerned, the Incident j
is closed. A complete cycle has been made, j
by the h.vestisators of the matter and
they are now where they started. So is
the public.
The !2f=t net in the comedy that followed
Judge Cook'p alleged discovery of the fair
poisoner on the car and far from jail was
enacted in his court chambers yesterday
at noon. At that hour Mrs. Botkln's
counsel. Attorneys Knight, Heggerty &
Madden: Sheriff Lackmaiin. Under Sheriff
Hare and a Fmall audience of curiosity
ceekers assembled in the chambers.
Judge Cook, smilingly addressing Mrs.
Botkin' s attorneys, said that he requested
their presence that he might ask them as
to their knowledge of her whereabouts on
April tZ last. Counsel responded that they
did not know where she was that day,
but Mr. Heggerty added that he saw her
In company with Deputy faheriff Kincaid
on the day "the went to the dentist's. Mrs.
Botkin wanted to talk to him. he said,
but a* the Deputy Sheriff was anxious to
return to the jail he was unable to grant
her an audience. ¦ -,
Turning to Sheriff I>ackmann. Judge
Cook, with a. mild display of asperity.
Eald: "I .^e by the reports of this case
that you say I informed you that the man
who was with Mrs. Botkin on the car
was smooth shaven."
"Yes. I understood you to so state, an
swered Lackmann.
"I told you nothing- of the kind. re
sponded Judgf Cook. ' "I said that he
had a mustache like that which adorns
the face of the stenographer of my court.
Mr. Stephens."
"But. notwithstanding 1 this discrepancy
la my statement, if such it was." said
Lackmann. '"are you now satisfied that
none of the heads of my department are
responsible for the granting of any favors
to Mrs. Botkin r*
"I accuse no "one." answered the court:
"but still to my mind Mrs. Botkin was on
the car as I stated. I know her gesture
and her step, and a look of recognition
passed between us when she entered the
car. She looked as though she was won
dering whether or not I would bother her.
Her dress exhibited to me at the Jail was
not that she wore on the day I saw her,
but she could have easily borrowed the
on© she did wear. However, as there is
but my word that she was out of jail the
matter must end ; but I hope the Sheriff
will take heed of the friendly information
which I gave him and see to it that if
Mrs. Botkin was out of iall on that day,
as I firmly believe that she was,' the inci
dent will not be repeated."
Court, lawyers. Sheriffs and audience
then adjourned.
Q»»M» M »H* ?¦??.+.?? ?¦? H,»+0
A royal romance which. - ?^
+ links the names of King +
+ Milan, Count Zolnanyi and his +
? young American bride will ap- •?¦
+ pear in next Sunday's Call.
X It is very interesting as the
"*" young couple are soon, to visit t
+ California. +
-?- ¦.-?-
??¦?????????????¦?????»?++•
ADVEBTISEETENTS.
f J Custom Underwear W\
tvj At Sale Prices. I A
¦^ This week regular $1.50 f& J
I LADIES' 11
I NIGHTGOWNS H
|$ $L1O. h
Pi Made of Cambric, best L*
r A Muslin and Nainaook. A
m trimmed with Embroidery, W '
a Valenciennes and Torchon ft
f A Laces, the product of our
u own factory. Hp
% I. MAONIN & CO., fi
f, 840 Market St., Ml
. i Opp. Fourth. v^m
2O% off.
Good Time to Day.
Come Just to look.
Great American Importing fa q^
MONEY-SAVING STORES. \ ,
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and PoitX
$61 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
140 Sixth St.
335 Hayes St. J1S Third St.
lf!9 Tolk St. 52t Montgomery At«. "
2315 Mission St. 703 Larkln St.
S0C6 Sixteenth St. 1SW Devisadero St.
14S Ninth -St. 475 Haizht St.
2WS Fillmore St. 32S5 Mission St.
12 Market St. . 2732 24th St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 'Washlnston St. «1S E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. 11S3 23d Ave.
1510 Seventh St. 1355 Park St.. Alameda.
DHU0Xli-«O«". bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, cannem)
dyers, fiourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painter*. S ho* factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners. tal!ors. etc
BUCMAMA.M BROS..
Brash Manufacturers. 600 Sacramento St
cm HOMLtspyf
Be. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULDUSE DAMIAN A BITTERS. THE
7 great Mexican remedy; gives health and
rtrecrtH to teiual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
CAPE~NOME
_JRAHSPOjTATION COMPANIES.
INOmE!
SCHOONER JULIA E. WHALES,
(At Howard 3).
_ XVlJAs SAIL. ABOUT MAT tS.
*°r freight and passage apply on board ct
2 California st., or at mill, (13 Third st