Coovicted Murderers of Mission
ary Broods Save Their Lives
by Payiog Others to Die.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 1C— Adviee3
by the, Empress of India are to the effect
that punishment has been meted out to
the murderer3 of Missionary Brooks. Fif
teen men were tried for the crime hefcre
the Provincial Judge at Chimanfu and C.
W. Campbell. British Consul. It was de
veloped at the trial that only three were
guilty of the actual killing, and one of
these dealt the fatal blow. This one.
being most culpable in the Chinese crim
inal code, was beheaded in the presence of
the British • Consul. Another, who was
only a shade lighter In . guilt. , was sen
tenced to strangulation at the autumn
Assizes. A third was sentenced to life im
prisonment, and four others to ten years'
imprisonment. Four head men from the
villages to which Mr. Brooks had been
taken, having failed to protect him. have
been flogged three times In public and
dismissed forever from office. Two village
elders of the hamlet near the scene of
the murder are to pay the cost of a me
morial tablet to be erected at the scene
of .. the murder at the cost'of 500 4 taels.
The Governor of the ' province has, paid
S00 tael3 for the following purpose: To
build a memorial chapel at Plngyln, Mr.
Brooks' station : to place a memorial In
his* school at Canterbury. England, and to
cover, the \ loss of the Episcopal church's
native ' Christians in . that district at the
hands of the Boxers.
. In" connection . with : the execution tin?
North j China News makes . the sensational
statement that the three murderers- found
substitutes to suffer the death penalty ana
life imprisonment in their stead. The au
thorities permitted them to buy their lives
back. The man who delivered tho blow
that killed Mr. Brooks was sentenced to
have his head cut off. For ROOO he got an
opium fiend, who had dissipated his £a»--.
tune and had but a few months to live, trt
allow himself to be decapitated In hU
stead, and the substitute was duly exe
cuted.
The second man In guilt was condemned
to strangulation. He paid a consumptive
$600 to be strangled In his stead? ?and the
third murderer j?ot a substitute to take
life imprisonment for 1500. The third sub
stitute was also a morphine fiend. .
It is said that there were 213 broken
down wrecks who offered themselves a3
substitutes, that they might perform one
Rood act for their relatives before their
lives were ended by handing them a sum
of money which to poor people In China
would be a fortune.
House Proceedings.
WASHINGTON. May IS.— The House
j accomplished little to-day, besldea passing
the Senate bill to Incorporate the Ameri
can National Red Cross. No progress
was made with the Alaskan code bill
\ owing to the inability of the two sides to
agree as to the time to be allowed for
general debate. The conference report on
the District of Columbia appropriation bill
was returned after extended debate.
SUBSTITUTES WHO
WERE EXECUTED
LONDON, May 17.— Tho Daily Express
publishes a three-column New York epe
cial signed by Patrick O'Connor, who
crossed the Atlantic with the Boer dele
rates on the Maasdam under pretense of
being an Irish-American and a Boer sym
pathizer. As a matter of fact. Mr. O'Con
nor understands the Dutch language, and
he claims to have overheard much private
conversation. In the course of which Mr.
Wolmarens Is reported to have said to
Mr. Fischer:
"I think we should b« careful of what
we Eay to this man, as he may be a spy.
Are you Fure he is an American?"
Mr. Fischer— There is no doubt of it. I
can tell by his accent.
Mr. Wes?e!?— It would never do, of
course, for the British to know that we
are really in the last extremity, or for
him to know that we are thinking of
staying in America.
Tbtn, resuming the English language.
Mr. Fischer began by blaming Cecil
Rhode-, for the bringing on of the war.
He said:
"I have not a FhaCow of doubt that Sir
Arthur Mllner was rent to South Africa
to prepare for the spoliation of the Boer
republics, by force if necessary. The
franchise ruse was al! humbug. Presi
dent Kruger conceded so much at the
Bloemfontein conference that Mllner was
In mortal fear lest all his requests ehould
be granted and lest he should thereby lose
the chance of annexing the Transvaal."
Mr. Wolmarens said to Mr. KL«cher. In
Dutch: "Do you think we had better tell
him how Kruger broke off tho confer
ence?" ,
Mr. Fischer— No.
Mr. Woolroarens in Dutch — Our posi
tion Just now is precisely that of Jame
eon at the time of the raid. He expected
Johannesburg to rise to his assistance. He
expected the same of Cape Colony and
PATRICK O'CONNOR
ACTED AS A SPY
Natal. We are bitterly disappointed. Tell
him how Schreiner deceived us. "
Mr. Fischer— He knows well, as well
as we do, that Schreiner is loyal to Great
Britain.
Resuming Knglish, Mr. Fischer ea!d:
"We are going to win the war If it take<«
years."
Addressing Mr. Wessels, and using
Dutch. Mr. Fischer then said: "We had
better not say too much. We are getting
badly beaten now. We are going to
America in the hope of obtaining the
friendly help of the United States in the
cause of peace. That Is what we will say
to the public. As a matter of fact, we
have no hope whatever. We have no cut
and dried programme."
Mr. Fischer went on to say that the
brother of Mr. Wessels. who happened to
be In the United States and who was act
ing In conjunction with Montagu White,
believed that some sort of peace would be
arranged, but. If the delegates failed in
the United States tbe Boers, Mr Fischer
declared, would still not give in,
«
SHOTS FIRED FROM
BEHIND A WHITE FLAG
LONDON. May 16.-The War Office
posts the following dispatch from Lord '
Roberts, under date of Kroonstad, May
15:
"Two officers and six men of Prince Al
fred's Guards, while out foraging yester
day a few miles from Kroonstad. visited
a farm flying a white flag, the owner of
which surrendered himself, with arms
and ammunition. They then approached
another farm, also flying a white flag.
When wlhin forty yards of the inclosuro
they were fired upon by fifteen or sixteen
Boers concealed behind the farrn wall.
Two of the 'men were killed, Lieutenant
F. B. Walton was wounded and Lieuten
ant W. B. Eveston and two non-commis
sioned officers were taken prisoners. , The
owner of J.he farm states that the Boers
threatened to shoot him when he protest
ed against their making improper use of
the white flag."
UFGES IMMEDIATE
CANAL BUILDING
WASHINGTON. May 16.— The
Senate Committee on Inter
oceanic Canals to-day, through
Its chairman. Senator Morgan,
presented its written report on
the Nicaragua bill. The report Includes
the statements of Admiral Walker and
other members of the commission ap
pointed to investigate the various routes
and el«o the conclusion of the committee
with reference to both the Nicaragua and
the Panama routes.
The committee takes strong position
against the proposition to build the canal
via the Panama, route, paying for the
¦work already done by the French. The
declaration is made that the Panama
Ccmpany Is practically without assets, ex
cept those inclufied in the Panama Rail
road. — ._ - : "«_'
"They say." says the report, "they nave
assets that a committee of experts has
valued at $90,000,000. They make no offer
or fetiggestion as to what they would take
fcr It. The lowest sum a.t which they es
timate the cost of completing their canal
Is $35,000,000; so that, in entering that com
bine, we would go in on the basis of $1S5.
000,000 for the completed canal on the
plan of three levels. If that plan Is adopt
ev, against $138,000,000, which is the high
est estimate any engineer has placed on
the Nicaragua canal. The difference Is
$47.0iX>.000 in favor of Nicaragua."
'The committee takes position against
holfllng the pending bill until the Walker
Commission can report, saying:
••All the commission's field work is done
and the working parties have returned
to the United States, except a party of
hydrographere left there to ascertain the
Tninta.ll and the fluctuations of the
Chagre* River. If this • hydrographic
work Is to be prosecuted hereafter as long
and as thoroughly as it has been hereto
fore It will be a half century before we
can determine the practicability of the
Panama canal so far as it depends"on the
rainfall and the fluctuations of the
Chagres River.
"It is evident that the report to be made
by these hydrographers is not a vital fac
tor In the question of the practicability of
the canal.
"Our engineers have come to no conclu
sion on the point of difficulty and have
relegated the decision of the whole matter
to the French engineers, to be determined
by further experiment. When these en
gineers are in possession of all the facts
that are known and are not able to de
termine the level at which the canal shall
be built. If we wait until they have settled
this vital point we put ourselves at their
m»rcy and can only provide for the
wants of our own Government and people
when they have decided what is the best
for their own interests. Congress owes a
higher duty than this to the American
people."
On the general question of the construc
tion of a canal the committee takes the
position that whatever canal be construct
ed, its ownership must bs American, and
that delay may be fatal to the success of
the enterprise. It is argueu by the com
mittee that delay in construction cannot
possibly advance the settlement of any
question as to the canal after its comple
tion. The committee t therefore announces
its conclusion to be that Coneress should
provide mear.s and authority for con
structing a canal by the Nicaragua route
and leave it to the President to deal with
any questions of a diplomatic sort that
may be raised by other nations in the
progress of the work. After the bill be
comes a law, it is declared, our first duty
is to agree with Nicaragua as to terms,
leaving to the future all dealings with
other powers as to the privileges they
shall enjoy in 'the canal.
Senate Coromittee piles Its Re
port Favoring Nicaraguar)
LONDON. May 16.— The Chancellor of
the Exchequer, Sir Michael Hicks-Beach,
speaking -at -Bristol', this evening, congrat
ulated the audience on the fact that the
cloud of war was fairly lifting and that
there were streaks of light portending . a
glorious dawn. , Continuing, he said: "We
are contending with a foe whose courage
and; skilled: tenacity.' we 'have' learned to
respect. But. we are entitled to hope that
the beginning of. the 'end is coming." . V
The Chancellor denied that he was per
sonally responsible for any delay, in for
warding troops to South Africa and an
nounced that it might be necessary to still
further Increase the navy. - He disagreed
with the suggestion that a large perma
nent increase of the" army might be ' nec
essary, but said that the country j must
HARD TIMES AHEAD
IN GREAT BRITAIN
To-day's installment of the war story
from every part of the war field is, there
fore, seemingly a narrative of British
successes, but with the Boers preparing
for a last desperate fling farther in the
interior and with Boer guerrilla parties
looting houses and stores in the north
west section of Cape Colony, it is not all
roses for the British.
The TTpIngton district is the locality
where the guerrilla tactics of the Boers
are just now most in evidence.
The postponed congress of the African
der Bund has been called to meet at
Paarle June 15.
A Canadian battery of 13-pounders ar
rived at Beira, Portuguese East Africa,
May 10.
The Dally Graphic, which refers to the
Boer mission to the United States as a by
product of the war, says; "There is no
name of importance among the orators
who saluted the delegates. We. fear they
have fallen Into a sort of Anglo-Saxon
ambush and are being victimized for
purely party, purposes." "
The Times considers the rumors cabled
here- as to- President McKinley's alleged
pro-Boer sympathies ¦ "utterly baseless."
It says: "Mr. McKinley is convinced that
the country does not wish him to interfere
and that, interference -would be in air re
spects inexpedient as well as impossible."
The Times also refers to the admission
by" the American State* Department of
Portugal's general right to refuse pas
sage to contraband goods.
The Lourepzo Marquez correspondent of
the Times under Tuesday's date says:
"There has been a heated discussion in
the Raad in secret session respecting the
expediency of destroying the mines. The
result is not publicly known. The for
eign mining representatives, are greatly
alarmed and have addressed strong rep
resentations to their respective Consuls."
Persons acquainted with" Colonel Baden'-
Powell's scheme of defense at Mafeking
assert that' the occupation of the Kaffir
location by the Boers would not endanger
the garrison, provided relief came quickly.
A 1 telegram from Cape Town says that
Cecil Rhodes has decided to retire alto
gether from Cape Colony politics. %
General Rundle is sweeping through the
northrast of the Free State. The Boers
are dissolving before him -and nome are
surrendering. . T&sirv mrxin I f*!r«vy<jj :• a?«<«ni
bled between Ficksburg and Winburg, but
it is without close organization.
Guerrilla "Warfare.
LONDON, May 17, 3:20 a. m.— The
British relief column fought the
Boers at Kraal Pan, thirty-two
milts south of .Mafeking, on Tues
day, according to a telegram re
ceived Wednesday at Lourenzo Marques
from Molopo, 100 miles north of Mafeking.
This intelligence Is accepted here with
some reserve", because It Is difficult to
understand^ how the news could have been
so quickly put on the wire from a place
132 miles from the scene of the engage^
ment.
A correspondent of the Morning Post,
presumably John Stuart, is reported cap
tured by the Boers at Kraal Pan.
The British public is kept expectant of
the announcement that Mafeking has
been relieved. In army circles the opinion
seems to prevail that this has already
been accomplished, although two hours
after midnight the War Office asserted
that news of the relief had not been re
ceived. The steadfast courage of the
hunger-bitten garrison has produced a
deep impression, and the news of succor
Is awaited with more anxiety than has
been felt regarding any other event of
the war.
Big News Held Back.
Douglass Storey, the Mail's correspond
ent at Pretoria, wires: "The Boer Gov
ernment is holding back some big news.
Fever prevails here. President Kruger
is working day and night. The latest
Boer official bulletin is that the relief
column has been defeated with great
loss."
Lord Roberts continues passive at
Kroonstad. His cavalry . are stretching
like a semi-circular screen many miles In
length, without lapping flanks. The rail
way will probably be completed to-day.
The Kroonstad censor permits the pas
sage of long dispatches dealing with In
cidents prior to the occupation.
It seems that General French's cavalry
had one lively fight after crossing the
Zand River. A mixed squadron, com
posed of the Scots Greys, the Innlskil
lings. Carbineers and Australian Horse,
took a kopje and dismounted. The Boers
suddenly nred from a concealed position,
killing many horses and stampeding the
rest. The Boers then advanced in* over
whelming numbers and drove the squad
ron, capturing some. The Boers robbed
the dead and looted the saddles. A small
brigade of cavalry drove them off. -
Farther north the Hussars charged the
BoerB, killing and wounding many strag
glers with sabers and pistols. Lord Rob
erts' infantry marched 120 miles in seven
days. General French marched thlrty
rniles in one day. The Boers, when re
tiring, dragged thirty-two guns through
Kroonstad.
General Buller's Move.
General Buller Is moving toward New
castle. He appears to be using 25,000 men
against 5000 or G000. His operations will
almost certainly- result in forcing his way
into the Transvaal, possibly in time to co
operate with Lord Roberts' advance, al
though General Buller is now 252 miles
from Johannesburg, or twenty-five days'
march.
A Dane, who was captured by tho South
African Horse, says that there are 500
Frenchmen with the Boers who are op
posing Buller, together with many Ger
mans and other foreigners.
The Ladysmith correspondent_of the
Dally Telegraph says that. only o"ne "Boer
was shot in the movement which resulted
in the taking of Helpmaaker.
TEiADA NCKU, May 17.— The British force advanced this morning twenty
miles to the northwest and took possession of Maquatlin^s Nek. Prisoners
continue to be taken daily. *.
Sharp Fighting at Mafeking — Boers Attack British Works.
From the Spear.
"WASHINGTON, May 16.—Representa
tive Sulzer. Of New York has announced
the Congressional committee which will
go to New. York to-morrow night to meet
the Boer, delegates as follows: Senators—
Heitfeld, Idaho; Mason, Illinois;-Welling
ton, Maryland; Teller, Colorado, and Al
len, '¦¦¦" Nebraska. Representatives— Sulzer,
New York; .Robinson. Nebraska; De Ar
mond, Missouri; Shea, Kentucky, and
Champ Clark. Missouri.
The committee will take a midnight
train, arriving at New York Friday. Sul
zer says' he' understands the call of the
delegates on the President will be unoffl-.
clal in character.
NEW YORK, May 16.— Charles B.
Pierce, the Consul General, of the Orange
Free State, to-day received the following
cablegram from Pretoria:
"Mes3>s. Wessels, Fischer and Wolma
rens: May ! Justice and righteousness be
with you.: KRUGER."
TO MEET BOEB- ENVOYS.
LOREXZO MARQUES, May 16.— A Por
tuguese official dispatch says an encoun
ter has occurred at Mafeking and that
the Boers have been repulsed with heavy
loss. '
PL.UMERS CAMP. Friday. May 4. via
Ootsi. Monday.. May 7.— Natives who have
arrived here say that the bombardment
of Mafeking May 1 was not heavy. Twelve
hundred and eighty refugees from Mafe
king have reached here. Patrols- who
have 'returned from the northern borders
of the Transvaal say they saw no'slgns of
Boers. All is quiet here. The Boers reg
ularly, patrol the neighborhood of Mafe
king, but do not seem to be disposed to be
aggressive. - - ' ' _-
REPORTED REPULSE OF
BOERS AT ¦ MAFEKING
LONDON, May 16.— The War Office has
posted the following dispatch from Gen
eral Buller, dated Dundee, May 16:
•'We occupied Glencoe yesterday. The
Transvaalers have now evacuated Blg
garsberg. The Free Staters on the Dra
kensb<;rg are much reduced in numbers.
The Pretoria commandoes trekked north
from Hlatlkulu on the 13th and 14th of
May. .Eleven guns wore entrained at
Glencoo. The last train, with ambulance,
left there at dawn. May 15. This result
has been largely produced by the action
of the Fifth division, which during the
last few days Las done a great deal of
very - hard work— marching, mountain
climbing and roadmaklng. Trains are now
running to Weasel's Nek Station."
TRANSVAALERS HAVE
EVACUATED BIGGARSBERG
look to the volunteers and the militia.
"The expenditure of the country," said
SirjMlchael,, J.'ls at an enormous,
a «3jjpger9U9 xa;e...^I -have., always. pnt'a
strong navy as a primary necessity of the
country, and it may .bo that assent will
have to be given to a' further expenditure
in view of the hostile feeling- toward Eng
land In some European countries But I
regard the country's increasing expendi
ture as the real danger. If we go on as
we are going there may be very hard
times in store for the country, particular
ly for the working classes."
MARKS GREAT ADVANCE
IN MILITARY SCIENCE
British Public Is Feverishly Awaiting
News of the Expected Succor of the
Hunger-Bitten Garrison at
' TV/I £ ' 1 • ::
JVlaf eking.
RELIEF FORCE FIGHTS
BOERS AT KRAAL PAN
CLARK'S STRATEGY
MAY PROVE FUTILE
Opponents of the Montanan De
termined to Keep Him Out
• of the Senate.
His Latest Coup Regarded as a ''Trick" Hardly
in Keeping With the Dignity of the
Upper House.
SENATE TAKES UP
FRAUDS IN CUBA
Bacon of Georgia Demands an
Investigation of the Island
Charges That Fourteen Million Dollars Have
Been Expended Through the Profligacy
of Officials-
' HAVANA. May 15.— Warrants were is
sued this evening for tne arrest of E. Pi
Thompson, the Havana Postmaster; W".
H. Reeves, deputy officer of the island,
and Edward Moya and Jorge Mascaro,
Cuban clerks In the stamp department,
and by 7 o'clock all were lodged in the
Vlvac, the Tombs of Havana. This wa3
done under the advice of the postal in
spectors who arrived to-day. It laJ consid
ered now that Reeves Is equally guilty
with Neely.
Investigation as to the record of the
clerk in the military department who
handled several hundred dollars" worth
of stamps proves that the transaction, so
far as he is concerned, was legitimate.
The stamps were purchased at the re
quest of his brother, who is a stamp col
lector in the United States, for $S0O. They
were of the old issue and were obtained
from Neely.
The arrest of Thompson caused great
surprise in the city. It is looked upon as
the precursor of many other arrests.
General Wood feit. as did the special in
spectors, that It would be. better to have
the suspected persons arrested and to give
the men opportunity to obtain bail than to
keep them indefinitely under close super
vision at a time when the detectives wer«
needed for other work.
HAVANA POSTMASTER
PUT UNDER ARREST
Interrupting Bacon, Hale of Maine as
serted that the order creating Major
Rathbone's office was of a character of
power such as was given to Roman pro-
Consuls. There was nothing like it in this
Government. It was a power unrestrained,
unbridled. After paying a compliment to
Major Kathbcne. Hale continued:
"The Senator and all of U3 ought to have
known that the giving of this unbridled
power to one man would be abused by the
men under him, and In the end he would
suffer."
Hale did not approve of this fashion of
teaching self-government to the Cubans.
Bacon, continuing, said the question now
presented was, should Congress sit still, In
the face of these gross violations of public
trust, or should It investigate them to the
bottom? He understood that the majority
of the Committee on Relations with Cuba
did not desire an investigation of Cuban
affairs by Congress because Senators were
startled at the magnitude of the work
and were afraid it might take the bal
ance of the year. If these Senators were
not willing to undertake the work he
(Bacon) knew cf Senators who were.
Bacon's resolution was made subject to
the call of any Senator, Platt of Con
necticut expressing a desire to address
himself to some of the statements Bacon
had made.
of 'greater dignity than a sreneral com
manding an army in the field? What ob
ligation was there on thi3 Government ta
plnce him In a position -of viceregal au
thority? What obligation was there on
the Government that any one who cla!me(l
to hive an official dignity in Cuba should
be the guest of this man?
Eacon declared that ono of the promi
nent officials in Cuba had used the Cuban
funds with which to purchase personal
apparel. He further asserted that ther*
were well founded rumors that there had
hc?n the most extravagant expenditure 01
Cuban funds for fitting up luxurious quar
ters for officers and furnishir.g these offi
cers horses, carriages and liveried serv
ants.
"Still further." said he. "within the past
week the fact has teen disclosed— a fact
that brings the blush of shame to th»
cheek c* every American citizen— that
trusted officials in Cuba have misappro
priated large amounts belonging to the
people of Cuba. Nobody knows how largo
these amounts are. At fir«t it was stated
that they were $-10,000. Next it was said
they would amount to $73,000. and now it
Is intimated the amounts may aggregate
$400,000. At first one man only was In
volved in the difficulty. Now there are
many— so many that It is intimated it may
•amount to a conspiracy.'*
Bacon th*n read the order under which
Major Rathbone was acting a3 Director
of Posts of Cuba and said the power con
ferred upon him by that order was so
great that it had resulted In a disgraceful
and mortifying condition of affairs.
Given Autocratic Power.
Bacon discussed at length the allow
ances made to various officer? in Cuba by
direction of Secretary Alger. He inquired
why such allowances were not made to
General Wilson and General Lee. He read
the order of General Alger making an al
lowance of $7500 per year in addition to his
salary to Governor General Brooke.
What was. there. Bacon inquired, in the
office of the Governor General of Cuba
which required him to exercise functions
The Bacon Cuban investigation resolu
tion was then. called up by its author.
who. in opening, said that there could be
no more mandatory duty than that which
rests upon the United States that every
dollar collected in Cuba should be applied
to the people of Cuba. Every dollar so
collected, he said, belonged to the people
of Cuba, and not a dollar to the United
States or to any official of the United
States.
Obligations of national honor demanded
that we investigate the affairs cf Cuba
and see that they have been rightly con
ducted. Perhaps at no time had any peo
ple constituted themselves the agent for
a trust such as that we had imposed uporv
ourselves in Cuba. In the degree of honor
with which this duty was performed
would the country be adjudged by the
woria.y'jfjthpr.e-we're^no rumors, he said,
of maladministration on' the" Isnmrt of
Cuba, the duty to investigate the busi
ness and governmental affaira of the isl«
and would still be upon us.
"But." he declared, "we are urged not
alone by the voice of duty. The facts
urge the investigation to b<* made. There
has been in Cuba the most exorbitant
and extravagant expenditure of money.
If we had before us only the naked fact
that the receipts on the island during the
single year were more than $16,000,000 and
the expenditures more than J14.000.000 we
would be bound to investigate' the sub
ject to see that this vast sum had been
properly and prudently handled."
Continuing. Mr. Bacon presented a
statement shewing the receipts and ex
penditures of the various States, Includ
ing Georgia, Missouri and Massachusetts.
They were in eveiy instance less than
those of Cuba.
¦ "These expenditures in Cuba," said Ba
con, "are so much larger in proportion to
these of many States that oven it there
were no rumors of extravagance and
fraud and corruption in connection with
Cuban affairs they would call in trumpet
tones for an investigation. We have had
all sorts of accusations in the press of the
country, and finally there have been ad
missions of irregularities in the financial
affairs of the island."
Allowanc2 to Army Officers.
WASHINGTON. May lG.-DlscussIon of
the administration of affairs in Cuba by
agents of the United States occupied the
attention of the Senate durir.s the greater
part cf to-day's session. Eacon of Geor
gia addressed the Senate at length on his
resolution directing the Committee on Re
lations with Cuba to make an investiga
tion of the con^vct cf financial affairs
of the island. lie said it was due the
people of this country to know just how
affairs in the island were being conducted,
and since the disclosures of the past few
days had been made v.lth respect to the
alleged misappropriation of funds in the
postal service, the obligation upon Con
gress to make an investigation was doubly
heavy. He urged that the honor of the
country depended upon its being able to
clear away the fraud and corruption
which, it was charged, had been discov
ered. He insisted that the Government of
the United States ha» no authority In
Cuba, and demanded to know how soon
it proposed to redeem its pledge and leave
the government of the Island to its in
habitants. t-W* -:
The following measures were passed:
House bill repealing the provision of law
allowing merchandise passing through the
United States from any foreign country
to be transported free of duty, so far as
the Mexican free zone Is concerned; also
a resolution offered by Lodge calling upon
the Secretary of the Treasury for Infor
mation in regard to the influx of Japan
ese labor into the country, and whether
there had been any violation of the con
tract labor law.
National Honor at Stake.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 17, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII-XO. 178.
LONDON,' May 17. — An armored train, constructed for the "War Office, was tried yesterday at Leeds.
The" officers present at the trial think the invention marks a great advance in military science. .The
armor is half an inch of nickel and steel -and it is proof against bullets! and shell splinters at a
distance of twenty yards. Each of the three trucks; of the train carries one 4.7 naval jjun. The trialj which,
was inade under severe conditions, was completely successful, and the train will proceed to South Africa
immediately.
I
The San Francisco Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING- |
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. May 18.— i
William A. Clark of Montana will not be !
permitted to take his seat in the Senate
on the appointment by Lieutenant Gov- '¦
emnr Springs, ever, if his opponents have ;
to resort to filibustering tactics. The best
lawyers of the Senate generally agree
that all cf the law points involved are I
technically in Mr. Clark's favor, but they
argue that there are other points to be '
considered.
The Senate Is. fcy the constitution, judge
cf the Qualifications of its own members, '
and a canvass of the situation to-day
ehows vhat the whoie proceedings con- !
nected with Mr. Clark'* resignation and ;
Fubsequer.t appointment have caused ¦
many Senators hitherto friendly to him j
to favor exercising their right agrsinst j
him. Measured from a purely Montana |
etanfiard. Mr. Clark's move is regarded j
es shrewd and skillful, but Senators gen- j
erally refer to it as a "trick." hardly in j
keeping with the methods allowed in a |
dignified body like the Senate.
Barred' Prom This Session.
That he will be kept out of the Senate j
during the present session, leaders say. is I
a foregone conclusion. Precedents are t
brir.i; looked up in order that objections ]
may be made to receiving credentials. |
Several cases have bc-cn found where such <
objections have been made on the ground
cf fraud.
The first direct vote probably will come
en a motion to refer the case to the Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections with- (
out swearing in Mr. Cl.irk. The case once i
referred to The committee, it will be there,
of course, until Congress adjourns. I
Many Senators are so much incensed
over the mannc-r in which Mr. Clark
avoided being expelled from the Senate
that they ar* now seriously talking of
passinp a resolution declaring that he was
rot legally elected by the Legislature, re
pardle«=s of his resignation. Although
Mr. Clark's name was Ftricken from the
roll? the day his resignation was present
ed. Fenator Chandler and other members
of the committee believe that the Senate
can properly act upon the resolution. By
inking s=uch action. It Is argued, the Sen
ate will simply clear up the record as to
Mr. Clark's temporary service in the Sen
ate and at the same time make the Clark
case analogous to the Quay case.
Senator Clark Sanguine.
Mr. Clark is frank in expressing his
gratification at the appointment and In
stating his belief that the Senate will re
ceive him on these credentials.
"All precedents are that there should be
no legislation on the committee resolution
pending- at the time of my resignation. I
do not think that Senators will find occa
sion to go out of their way to make an
exception in my case." said he. "It is
highly probable that Mr. Daly and his
men are displeased over this result, and
knowing; them as I do, I am not surprised
at anything they will insinuate or
charge."
President pro tern. Frye to-day laid be- j
fore the Senate the Montana resolution, j
Chandler asked that the resolution b» j
postponed until Jl o'clock on Saturday In j
order to give the Senate Committee on
Privileges and Elections time to consider j
whether any further action was neces
sary. This was agreed to.
Special Dispatch to The Call.SEATTLE,' May 16.— Edward Gay, aged
20, was cut by a saw In Kerry's mill to
day and died in an hour.
LINCOLN, Nebr.. May 1C— The Supreme
Court to-day < ordered that the briefs of
attorneys for the Standard Oil Company
be stricken from the. flies,; for the reason
Vthat they contain improper and offensive
implications".: toward .; the court. The
court also sustained the demurrer of the
Attorney •. General \ to the petition of the
Standard Company. This in effect up
holds the constitutionality of the Ne
braska anti-trust - law and advances ¦ the
suit,' which -is one,to*disbar>the company
from the State, to ¦; the i point ; where the
court will take testimony to % prove , that
the Standard Oil Company Is a trust
Killed in a Mill.
State Supreme Court's Ruling in tho
' Case of the Standard Oil
.'Cbinpany.
SUSTAINS NEBRASKA'S
.ANTI-TRUST LAW
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS IN CONDENSED FORM
ST. I/5VIP— The rrepbrterfan General As
r»mbly will convene to-day.
ROME— The <1!Fturb?ncef in the Chamber of
T'«t>utieii have resulted In a royal decree pro
roguing Parliament.
NETV YORK — The infant ton of Commander
and lire. Booth-Tucker of the Salvation Army
<!!*d from pneumonia.
AUBURN. Cal.— Arranrement? are completed
fur the reunion of n'.d Placer County piyne^rs
at Auburn r.ext Saturday. '..'-¦
BOFT"*»N— By the narrow margin f>f two votes
the Legislature decided ncair.sr abolishing the
<!«ath r-enaity in Massachusetts.
LONDON— The Queen visited Kettle? Hospi
tal. She <»istrlr.uteri flowers to the wounded
and conversed with many of them. -
PAN Jf>SE— The looal lodge of Elkn will have
charge of the Fourth of July celebration here
and the event will be a brilliant one.
FAN JOSE— The acreage to the Cured Fruit
Awx-iatlnn is coming in Flowly, yet yester
day's business reached nearly *00 acres.
XEW YORK — An unknown man Jumped from
the Brooklyn bridge. When be came to the
er.rface he m-as picked up by a passing tug.
TIENTSIN— More "Boxer" outrages are re
ported eixty miles north of Tientsin, where a
number of nati\ # e Christians have been mas
sacred.
'WASHINGTON— Admiral and Mrs. Dewey re-
. v
Itemed to Washington from thfir Western trip.
They drove at onre to Beauvoir, their sum
mer borne.
BERLIN— The Pultan of Turkey will send to
f>own Prince Frederick William, by a hijrh
Ottoman f dienitary, the Inttaz order, set in
diamonds.
ONCINNATI-The forty-first annual con
vention of the Society of American Mechanical
Engineers convened yesterday with an attend
ance of son.
IXINDON— Joseph H. Ohoate, the United
States EmbasFador. was the special guest at
dinner last evening of the Ancient Company of
Fishmongers.
WASHINGTON— Orders will probably be !«
6u«-d by tho Xavj- Department directing either
the Philadelphia or the reconstructed Ranger
to proceed to Panama.
MINNEAPOLIS-Minneapolls men have In
corporated a million-dollar stock company to
rperate fisheries and parkin*; establishments
along the coast of Alaska.
GREENWICH. Conn.— Fire destroyed five
business blocks, the Catholic Church, one of E.
C. Benedict's stables and a few other build
ings, causing a total loss of $150,000.
NEW YORK— General Benjamin F. Tracy
severed his connection with the law firm of
Tracy, Boardman A Platt and became the
counsel for the firm of Coudert Bros.
retary's Improper public remarks during the
recent visit of Emperor Francis Joseph.
PITTSBURG-Fire this afternoon destroyed
the Grand Army Home for Soldiers* Widows
at Han kins Station, on the Pennsylvania road,
near here. The forty Inmates, ranging In years
from -.A to P0, escaped without Injury. One
old lady. Mrs. Tence. aged 05 years, may die
from the ehock. Loss $20,000; cause of fire un
known. '.
YOKOHAMA— The financial situation Is
growing more and more precarious, and the
Japanese Rmplre is at present standing on
very thin Ice. ,The loaning Japanese banks are
offering ratas of Interest for deposit, while,
significantly enough, the foreign banks are at
the same time cutting their rates down 33
per cent.
I-O.VDO.V- The Queen'* Bench division of the
High Court of Justice gave judgment In favor
of the crown In the case of the Government
against the Jewish Colonization Association on
a t'alm for . succession duty amounting to
£l,ijO,000 on property valued at upward of
£8.900.000, settled. by the late Baron Hirsch In
1S92 upon the Colonization Association.
DENVER— The convention of Western Min
ers Federation and Western Labor Union
passed a resolution urging all labor unions to
unite In support of one political party an the
only mrana by which laboring men may hope
to secure the rights they consider their due.
So party was named, but private expressions
from the members show that Mr. Debs and his
party hold firrt rlace with them.
CHICAGO— From a girl 15 years old. under
arrest at the East Chicago Avenue Station,
satd to be the daughter of a wealthy South
Side family and whose Identity Is kept a secret.
Police Inspector Heldelhelmer has obtained a
confession which h« believes will result in the
arrest of the persons who committed many of
the burglaries that have been committed on
the North Side within the last few months.
PHILADELPHIA— As a result of the Wana
maker-Engllsh episode, a xub-committce of the
Municipal League has lesued a call for a
meeting to complete arrangements, for a mass
meeting to be held Saturday evening "to pro
test against the attempt upon the part of high
city officials to restrict the right of free speech
and free crltllcifim by threats to use official
power In an assault 'upon private character."
WASHINGTON— Secretary Root sent / to
Chairman Hull, of the House Committee on
Military Affairs, an exhaustive collection of
opinions on the, question of the "Army Can
teen," gathered/by Adjutant General Corbln
from every branch of the military service.
Secretary Root, in the course of a brief In
dorsement, says: "I think the enactment of
this bill would be Injurious to the temperance,
morals and discipline of the enlisted men of
the army."
NEW YORK— Among the passengers who ar
rived on the new North German-Lloyd steam
er Grosser Kurfurst from Bremen was Dr.
Johannes Trojan, editor of the German comic
satirical weekly, Kladderadatsch. Two years
ago Dr. Trojan was confined six months at
Welchselmuende fortress for lesc majeste.
committed In having allowed to be published
In the Kladderadatsch a cartoon showing Alex
ander the Great. Hannibal. Caesar and other
famous heathen field marshals In a state of
Kreat hilarity over the assertion of Emperor
William'-, that- only, good - Christians could be
good soldiers.
MEXOMIXEE. Mich.-Hpavy rains last nlsht
ami to-day oxtlnrulsbed the fire at .Jflsher.
which since Monday threa(«npd the town? The
loss If estimated at $500,000; Insurance, $100,000.
ST. LOIJIS-R. M. Barker, a striking con
ductor, was Fhot in the thigh during an attack
on a Citizens" line car on Easton avenue last
night. Tho wound Is not considered dangerous.
BERLIN—The Prussian OovprninPnt has an
nounced that the Diet will reeoive next Hus
sion a bill to facilitate th<* obtaining of rural
help In agricultural districts and to punish
's-ith especial severity breaches of contracts.
CHICAGO— President Julia A. Roca of the
ArKentine Republic will visit the United States
incognito. President Rooa"s Intention is. to
study the American people and their customs.
JOHNSTOWN. Pa.— As a result of drinking
wood alcohol at a picnic I^av.Tence Smith, Peter
Broeck, Joe Poloszinski and the latter'a mother
are dead at South Fork and Joe Smith Is In a
critical condition. All v.-ere Poles.
NEW YORK— A youni man believed to be
August H. Pless of 40 Vandewater street
Jumped from "the Brooklyn bridge and was
drowned. ; Pless has been very despondent of
late because of belngr Jilted by a girl.
BAN JOSE— Attorney Eamuel B. Terrlll. who
was Indicted, on eight cftunts far forgery and
embezzlement, was to-day \ acquitted on a
charge of embezzling J40O from the Christopher
Faull estate, of whclh he was trust?e.
NEW YORK— According to Acting Commis
sioner McSweeny, the largest number of Im
migrants ever received at an American port In
one day arrived at the Barye office to-day.
They came In Fix ships and numbered £582.
WASHIN'GTOX-At the Instance of Rear
Admiral R*mey, In command of the naval
forces on the Asiatic station, the Navy De
pnrtment has reconsidered its decision to re
call to th* United States the gunboats Con
cord end Bennlngton.
NEW YORK— The only memorial In this coun
try of Thomas Paine, the revolutionary hero,
a monument at New Rochelte, N. Y., Is to
be perpetuated by money contributed by dele-
Kates to the late middle-of-the-road Populist
convention at Cincinnati.
EOSTON-Plans which have been perfected
for the celebration next week of the seventy
fifth anniversary of the foundlnjr of the Amer
ican Unitarian Association, the leading organ
ization of that body of Christians, promise to
make the occasion memorable.
TACOMA. Wash.— Officers of the Red Cedar
Ehlnirle Association have notified all the mills
that over 90 per cent had signed the closing
agreement and mills were to be shut down be
tween May IS and June 4. Vive thousand men
will be laid off for three weeks..
ST.- CATHERINES, Ontario-Fire destroyed
the works of the Canada Cycle and Motor
Company and the Wetland-Vale Company. The
Ions will amount to nearly half a million dol
lars, partly covered by Insurance. Over E0O
men are thrown out of employment.
LONDON— Dublin University has returned
'Sir Edward Carwm-to the House, of Commons
without opposition on his appointment as So
licitor General, in nucwuslon (o . Kir Robert
Bannattc Klnlay. appointed to . succeed Sir
Richard Webster as Attorney General.
BERLIN— The Budget Committee of the
Reichstag concluded the debate of the navy
bill after deciding that the measure is to come
In force simultaneously with the amendments
to the stamp law and the customs tariff, pro
viding the means for the increased naval ex
penditures. '
"- BOISE, Idaho— A Btorm assumed the propor
tions of a tornado at Welser, causing damage
to the town amounting to $5000. The roof was
torn from the Vendcme Hotel, the Courthouse
and school house were damaged to the extent
of J1000 and several other buildings were more
or less damaged. .
CHICAGO— Willie Collier, the comedian, one
of the proup of mourners gathered about the
open grave In Graeeland Cemetery, read I the
burial service. over the body or Frederick Gros
venor Stanley yesterday afternoon and con
ducted the full funeral - rites usually enacted
by an Episcopal rector. r^HBtfiij
ANACONDA, -'Mont. —At the annual meeting
of the stockholders , of the Anaconda Copper
Mining Company the following- were • elected
trustees for. the ensuing year: Marcus Daly'
H. H. Rogers, William Rockefeller, Albert C*
Bun-age. William L. Bull, William G. Rocke
feller- and E. C. Bosert.
BERLIN— H. v de- la .Roche. Vernot, .second
secretary of the French Embassy . In Berlin
has been recalled to Paris because Bmperor
William had ' complained to the * French Em
bassador, the ' Marquis de Xoailles of the ' sec-
SEATTLE. May 16. -Engineer W. J
Farr, Injured in the Seattle and Interna
tional Railway wreck yesterday, died this
morning.
SALT LAKE. May 15.-County Attorney
Putnam to-day decided to. retry B H
Roberts on the charge of unlawful" co
habitation Tuesday, the 29th inst The
matter was called to the attention of
Judge Norretl upon the opening of court
this morning, and his Honor ordered that
the case be set down for the date named
Dies of Sis Injuries.
LOS AXGELES. May 18.->Iames
Colores. a Mexican, was killed, and G
Orosco. another Mexican. severely injured
by being crushed beneath a mass of fer
tilizing material at the works of the Brad
ley Fertilizer Company on Alameda street
this morning. ,It Is not known Just huw
the accident happened.
Roberts to Be Retried.
SAX MIGUEL.. Cal.. May IS.— Word was
received here this morning of the sudden
death of M. de Miranda of San Francisco
at the hotel at Bradley. Deceased was an
oil expert and was In thi3 section pros
pecting for oil. He had retired In the
evening apparently in good health, but at
11 o'clock he got up. dressed and went
out on the veranda at the hotel, where
he expired In a few minutes. A post
mortem examination disclosed the fact
that death was caused by heart disease
Deceased -was a native of France, about
60 years of age^
Crushed to Death.
M. de Miranda of This City Expires
at San Miguel.
DIES VERY SX7I>D£NI,"Sr.
PORTLAND. Me., May 15.— Th© Pro
hibition party held State and district con
ventions here to-day. Grant Rogers of
Richmond was nominated for Governor
D. P. Parker of Portland was nominated
for Congress. •
before the Kansas City Convention?" he
was asked to-night.
"There Is absolutely nothing of a polit
ical nature that I care to say. You mav
eay to the Journal, If you care to. there
Is no person In the country more Indiffer
ent to the future than I am." he replied.
. 9
; Maine's Prohibition Ticket
Desperate Valor of American
Troops Entrapped at
Catubig.
Insurgents Paid Dearly for Losses
Inflicted Upon the Men of the
Forty-Third Infantry
Regiment.
DEWEY REALIZES HE .
IS OUT OF THE RACE
WASHINGTON. May lS.-Th«» officials
of the War Department, after waiting for
nearly a week to hear something from
General MacArthur at Manila confirma
tory of the press report of the bloody
three days' engagement at Catubig. which
resulted in the heaviest loss of life the
American army has sustained in any one
engagement in the Philippines, yesterday
cabled MacArthur a request for informal,
tion. The answer was received to-day
confirming the press reports and adding
some interesting details. .--— '-.
General MacArthur transmitted a report
from Henry T. Allen, a major. of the
Forty-third volunteers, who commanded
the United States force3 on the island of
Samar. It appears that this force was
divided in several ports in Samar, and.
while details are still lacking, it is be
lieved that this particular force, which
was besieged at Catubig, was commanded
not by a commissioned officer but by a
sergeant, either George or Hall, both of
whom were killed. Catubig. where the en
gagement occurred, is a seaport town of
nearly 10.000 inhabitants.
General MacArthur's cablegram is as
follows:
M\NILA, May IS.— With reference to your
telegram of the 14th the rumored engagement
in Samar reported tn the cablegram of General
Otl3 on May 4 has been confirmed by reports !
recently from Henry T. Allen, Forty-third
Regiment. U. S. V. Infantry, .commanding on
Samar Island. The detachment of thirty-one
men stationed «t Catublg was attacked on
April 15 by 600 men with 100 rifles and one
cannon. Our men were quartered in a con
vent, which was nred the next day by burn
ing hemp thrown from the adjoining church.
The detachment tried to escape, by the river,
but the men getting Into the. boat were killed
and the remaining men entrenched themnelves
near the river and held out two days longer,
facing most adverse circumstances, until res
cued by Lieutenant Sweeney and ten men.
Over 200 of the attacking party, many of whom
are reported to have come from Luzon Island,
are reported killed and many wounded. Lieu
tenant Sweeney report* that the streets were
covered with dead Insurgents.
Following la a Hst\ of our losses:
Killed— Sergeants Dustin L. George and Wil
liam J. Hall; Corporals Herbert H. Edwards
and John F. J. Hamilton; Cook Burton K.
effected six weeks ago by the British Con-
Trefflle Fomslow, Otto B. Loose. Stephen Ai»
pertl, Joseph Noell. John R. Kuhn. Ralph H.
Zlm. Edward Braman. Chester A. Conklln. W.
B. Collins, J. J. Kerlns. Henry Dumas, Philip
Sallng and George A. Slack— all of Company
H, Forty-third Regiment, United States In
fantry.
Wounded— Privates lister Ruchworth. Har
ry C. Lee, Michael J. Faron, James H. Clancy,
Company II, Forty-third Regtment, United
States Volunteers; Corporal White. Forty-third
Infantry.
A copy of Henry T. Allen's report was for
warded by mall yesterday. The Ilotlo (Panay)
caMe is broken by an earthquake and It is
difficult to procure more definite information.
MACARTHUR.
Admiral Admits That the Presiden
tial Nomination Is Beyond
His Reach.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 17.-A dispatch to the
Journal from Washington says: Admiral
Dewey returned from his Western trip
to-day, and while he will not talk politics
It is understood by his friends that the
Presidential nomination is admitted by
him to be beyond his reach. The admiral
Is highly elated by the popular ovation
that met him at every step.. is convinced
that he has the love of his countrymen
everywhere in this broad land, is satisfied
with this and is indifferent as to the fu
ture.
The statement of political .principles
that it was believed in some quarters
¦would be lorthcominfg on tho admiral's
return . has not been prepared. It prob
ably never will.
"Will you be a candidate for President
STREETS WERE
COVERED WITH
FILIPINO DEAD
booth of the reception committee. The
headquarters of th«> 1900 rommittoe is in
the first gallery on th*> east side of the
pavilion. The plac* is a scene of erreat
activity, as the final details of the man-
agement of the great meeting are con-
sidered. South of this room is what is
called "the rest room." It has been taste
fully fitu-d up with rug5. lounges, settees
I chairs and tables. Stationery will be pro
vided for the accommodation of those who
wish to write letters, and it will be a
pleasant place in which friends may meet
and those who may be wearied of attend
ing the convention may take a quiet rest.
It is stated by the friends of J. W. Ross,
president of the 1300 committee, that he
can have the presidency of the Christian
Endeavor if he wants it. By the consti
tution it must fall to a layman and to a
member of the Christian Church En
deavor, in denominational succession.
State Treasurer Warren of Santa Bar
bara is the logical candidate, but it !s
understood that he does not want It. al
though he may come in the convention.
J. W. Baker of San Jose Is a new.- man
mentioned.
Chairman Ross, in relation to his candi
dacy, said:
"I am not a candidate of my own ac
cord, although my name Is mentioned.
The prime, reason is that I cannot find
time to attend. to the office. You may say
that 1 cannot see my way clear to-day to
accept the office were it tendered to mo,
which I do not know will be the case."
One of Mr. Ross" suporters said, how
ever, that he could easily get it and that
he would no doubt be tendered the honor.
Whether there will bo any changes in
the constitution of the organization at tho
convention is not known. It is possible
that the constitution mav be amended so
that the president will be paid a salary
and be required to devote his entire time
to the wcrk.
To-morow's convention will be. the first
held und^r the rule that' all members of
the societies nre delegates. In regard to
the ofllcers under the president there is
nothing certain. There Is no "polities'
bring done and the geographical condi
tions usually settle the selection of ofllcers
lowpr than president.
The big concert to-night at the pavilion,
which was preliminary to hut not a part
of the convention, was attended by thou
sands.
Preparations for the Great Convention Which Opens
To-Day Entirely Complete and Indications
Point to a Successful Session.
ENDEAVOR DELEGATES
THRONGING TO STOCKTON
FLORV NAMED
FOR GOVERNOR
OF MISSOURI
Kansas City Convention
Throws Off, the Yoke of
the Bosses.
KANSAS CITY, May I6.-Delegates at
large to the National Convention at Pbll
adelphla^-D. II. Houser and D. P. Dyer
of St. Louis; James L. Mlnnls of Carroll
ton;''C. G. Burton of Nevada. -,
Alternates at large— Lewis Woods and
J. C. f Chastlne of Kansas City, O. M.
Wood of St. Louis, H. H. Walker of St.
Joseph. . .......
Electors at large— J. W. Moor© of Cali
fornia, Joseph Black of Richmond.
Governor — Joseph Flory of St. Louis.
Lieutenant Governor — E. F. Allen of
Kansas City.
Secretary of State— E. L. Porterfleld of
Springfield. .
State Treasurer— W. E. Fleming: of Web
ster Grove.
Auditor— Alf Bloebaum of St. Charles.
Attorney General— Samuel O'Fallon of
Oregon.
Railway and Warehouse Commissioner
— C. C. Crouse of Pierce City.
Chairman of State Central Committee —
Thomas J. Aikens of Humansville (re
elected). *-;'¦
The Republican State Convention of
Missouri to-day, in a continuous session,
lasting from 9:45 a. m. to 4:45 p. m., named
the delegates at large, alternates at large
and Presidential electors to Philadelphia
and selected a full set of State officers.
The nominations for Governor and Lieu
tenant Governor were by acclamation and
there were but slight contests for J.he
other State officers.
The big tight of the convention was ex
pected to come over the, selection of dele
gates at large, for which there had orig
inally been seven avowed candidates.
However, hut five names were presented—
those of Houser and Dyer of St. Louis,
Mlnnls of Carrollton. Burton of Nevada
and Nathan Frank of St. I^ouis.
The name of Major John L. Blttlnger of
St. Joseph, Consul to Montreal, who was
yesterday considered a strong candidate,
was not presented. Major Bittinger. like
Major William Warner, United States
District Attorney, of Kansas City, who
yesterday withdrew his name to prevent
impending strife, was sacrificed to a sen
timent that Federal office holders should
not attend the National Convention. The
vote resulted: llouser 994, Burton 94.1,
Minnhs 903. Dyer 616»A. Frank 610V>, and the
first named four were declared elected.
Nathan Frank, who was the only man
for whom National Committeeman Rich
ard Kerens took a firm stand, and who
was in addition demanded by the Zelgen
hein machine of St. Louis, was deserted
at the last moment in order to make a
place for Dyer. Thus for the first time In
twenty years the Republicans of Missouri
broke away from "bosses." This fact
was emphasized by the delegates when
Dyer's selection was made known by the
most enthusiastic demonstration of the
convention. Delegates waved their hats
and stamped their feet and shouted for
Dyer in a manner that stopped proceed
ings for several minutes.
Nathan Frank was nominated for elec
tor at large, but requested that his name
he withdrawn. The convention voted to
name negroes for alternates at large and
the quartet was selected by acclamation.
The resolutions indorse Mr. Kerens for
re-election as National Committeeman.
Webster Davis, who was expected to be
a factor in the convention and who was
yesterday made the occasion of an hour's
wrangle, took no part in to-day's pro
ceedings aside from that of a spectator.
KANSAS REPUBLICANS.
W. E. Stanley Nominated for Gov
ernor "Without Opposition.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 16.— The Repub
lican State Convention here to-day nom
inated candidates and delegates with un
expected unanimity. The only balloting
was on candidates for electors, for Con
gressman at large and for M. A. Low for
delegate to Philadelphia. The factional
war in the party was not involved in the
vote on electors, but the followers of
Cyrus Iceland. National Committeeman,
made a fight on Low and were over
whelmingly defeated. J-ow will likely b«
named as National Committeeman to suc
ceed Iceland. Th« resolutions unqualifiedly
indorse the national and State adminis
trations and pledge the delegates to sup
port McKlnley.
The ticket named was as_follows:'
For Governor— W*. E. Stanley, Sedgwick
County.
Kor lieutenant J Governor— H. E. Itlchter.
Morris County.
For Associate Justice— W. A. Johnson, Ot
tawa.
For Secretary of State— George A. Clark of
Geary-
For Treasurer — Frank Grimes of Wichita.
For Auditor — George E. Cole of Crawford
County. ¦
For Attorney General— A. A. Goddard of
Shawnee County.
For Superintendent of Public Instruction-
Frank Nelson of McPherson.
For Insurance Commissioner — W. V. Church
of Marlon County.
For Congreasman-at-large — Charles F. Scott
of Allen County.
For Presidential electors-at-large — A. W.
Smith. McPherson: I. F. Bradley, AVyandotte
County, and O. P. Ergrenbrlght of Montgomery
County. •
DeleKateB-at-larpe to Philadelphia Conven
tion— M. A. Low of Shawnee. W. S. Metcalf of
Douglas County. A. C. Dubols of Elk County,
B. H. Tracy of Pottawalomie County, E. W;
Wellington of Kllsworth County, Frank Mar
tin of Reno County.
Alternates— G. AV. Ford of Bourbon County.
A. D. Walker of Jackson County, E. W. Nl
mocks of Barton County, J. J. Mitchell of
Wabauns?e, Frank Shan*^ of Phillips, O. F.
Lewis of Crawford County.
TO KEEP POPULISTS TN LINE.
Why Towne Was Nominated for the
Vice Presidency.
" "WASHINffrON, May 16.— Senator But
ler, chairman of the National Committee
of the People's-party, was asked to-day
if it were true, as has been reported, that
both Mr. Bryan and Mr. Towne had ex
pressed a preference that the People's
party national convention should not
nominate a .Vice Presidential candidate.
He replied:
"I have been told that it is true, but it
was the judgment of the convention that
the best way to ¦ elect both of them was
to nominate. It must be remembered that
neither Mr. Bryan nor Mr. Towne is in
timately acquainted with the present sit
uation as to the Populist vote of the coun
try. Mr. Bryan could not be elected by
disbanding or appearing to disband the
organization . of . the People's party. To
have done so would have lost him ten
Populist votes for every gold Democratic
vote that he would have won back to
him. Iri short, the conventiou*-did the
thing that was necessary to be done to
insure the election of Mr. Bryan."
WYOMING'S DELEGATES.
Men Who Will Represent the Stata
at. the Republican Convention.,
CHEYENNE. Wyo., May 16.— The fol
lowing delegates and alternates were
elected by the Republican State Conven
tion: *v
. Delegates— United States Senator F. E. War
ren. United States Senator C. D. Clark. Con
gressman Mondellr Governor Richards ; Colonel
Jay-.lv Torrey, George H. Gobel.
Alternates— E. W. Stone. Thomas Bebb, F E
Rounds, J. O. Cosgritf. Ad Spaugh,.John Jdc'.
GUI.
Hon.* Frank > "W. Mondell was unani
mously renomlnated for Representative in
Congress. The platform adopted stronelv
Indorses the administration. \
Instructed for Bryan.
¦ COLUMBIA. S. C, May 16.— The Demo
cratic •: State Convention to-day elected
Senator >B. ;R. Tillman, Governor B.'-M"
MeSweeney, Wylle Jones and A. C Lat
imer; delegates at Marge to -the Kansas
City convention. ? The platform demands
the reafflrmatlon of the Chicago platform
at Kansas City and denounces the foreign
policy I of President McKinley. 'The dele
gates are Instructed for Bryan.
Election of Dyer of St. Louis as Dele
gate at Large to Philadelphia
Arouses Tremendous
Enthusiasm.
THE SAN FRAXCISGO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 17, 1900.
2
STOCKTON'. May Ifi.-The first body
of Christian Kndpavor fVlesates to
the 1 Staio Convpntiori. which opens
to-Rorrw oveninpr. arrived to-day.
The- preFenoe of State Secretary
Franks V. Rr'd. who arrive nn the noon
train, was the sijmal for much cathu?!
tsns. fls he !s the one who practically di
locted the affa!rs outside the city.
The /ir?t delegation eam«» In thi? morn
ins: from Columbia, Tuolumne County.
Another delegation arrived later from
T.'rwman. Stanislaus County.. The San
r>;ogsn<= started at 10 this morning, thir
teen strong, the farthest delegation away
in the State. Ivc? Anp-f-le? will start to
lilehl with seventeen .lele^Ttes. State
President Coulthurst will arrive to-mor
row morninp. and Hudson Spiller. the ora
tor, in th* afternoon. They v.-ill bo met
a' Lodi and I^<thr<;p by loc;il committees.
Tho p.-iviMon will be s. revelation in der>
rrat^ons. The grand chorus held Its last
rchearsai test evening v.ith a full attend
?ncc AM the committees have everything
in hand. Wh*>n th<» visitors arrive they
v.'ill enter th* 1 side entrance on San Joa
quin street and tind th^-msflves in front
at little Ftalls. which they win enter and
st a counter they will l-,e arkerl to register
their names. Many have written in ad
vance for their accommodations. To all
Fueh cards have tw-en s^-nt which they will
present to the reception committee, mem
bers of which will show tb?m to their
ronms. Otheis will pass from the regis
tration booth to the booth of the enter
tainment committee, where they will bp
assigned to rooms by members of the
reception committee.
Mrs. J. B. Tipton has charge of th"
OFFICERS f>P THE CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR AND THE BUILDING
IN WHICH THE CONVENTION WILL, BE HELD.
With, the red tag sale and the Nome or Alaska boom, both on in
. full force, it makes stir-about times at the grreat headquarters for cash
buyers at the big Market-street store, where people most do congregate
when they want the best the world can offer and at the right price.
You read the red-tag announcement last week. This sale still continues.
BLACK SATEEN . red tag price 8c LAWN MOWEHS {''.¦'.'¦/¦
Tfc!» U excellent value at 15 cents; mostly !*•'.',• re^ tag price 25
tlack and white rtrtres; credit stores eet Just the time and Just the chanc* for
ZZ- cents for It. J Uflt th * rnower to do^the work; easy to run
_____ and last on and on; used to bring: $10 each;
chea;>er now.
WOOL YAEN ... red tag price 65c T rjB,TLE NECK~SWEATERS S . .
This Is the dollar grade this year: we ,,-j ta _ 7c,,
el«* 100 1b... mostly black, at above price: 1 , M w
•_ ,. _, t ,„„. i"w» ar? na'iy, wool for big: boys or
' .. •** *° " ** once ' rlrln for bicyclln*— is. 30. M; the price to-day
,—— regular 11 50, we cut it in two.
PANCY BASKETS . red tog price 50c FINE KID SHOEsTred tag price 95c
' . This embraces SO kinds of fancy rraste This takes a modern otyle coin toe kid
ticket* mark»d down from II. IS; th» choice »hoe. mostly lace: size, girls' 12 to ladles'
r»3w at &0 cents. * J* 11 f\ zr>a >- * he vhol* school eroes at this
/* J price this we*k; about 700 pairs In all.
CHAIB. SEATS . . red tag price 8c UNION SUITS, MEN'S .....
Regular « cents; 1* and « in., perforated red tag" price $2 OO
Featf r/opular kinds; 60 dozen only to move There are combination *ults underwear;
,„, ' A t , e nrices flne ?* eult «: «»*• ««. 'or large man; 6llver
• at red tag pnets. gray; a little soiledjjvbo takes them?
Complete for boys IS to men's elze. as. . M ' , ... v
i^TlW; could be sold for .10 In larse tl^? l __ f'ort??°tt a'.K SL 1^
«it«; 40 patterns; not a bad style amon C &*/« g ffi'nS to wear "ui& V&1
them; com* to-day if you can. . .. ess.
ROOM TO RENT ON 5TH and 6TH FLOORS FOR LIGHT MANUFACTURING
Pretty 25c class pitchers; now 2Oc —,—»/?« ¦¦'-'- - _™ ¦ . - - _ .
Dairy rtf**: a few dozen; only T»c ff~* /£ HB &_•&_" _T% F_h _C
Two-bit rt*ncll brumes: closing lOo /Tvi nS fiTfe *¦) I \j9 W^L Km
MaJi'.oca; a pure food delicacy ISc __ o „ . _'_>_.'• _* r- :-'¦
G:ms candlesticks; 25-cent kind 15c 25-27 Market fct., 6. F.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR OOLD DREDOINO PUMPS
L'DAPU Were successful at Nome last
iMvUUn 7««r. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson St.. S. T.
, SAND CENTRIFUGAL PU.MPS
la Operation Dally. C3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DREDOINO PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumrs are going to Cap« Nam*,
are you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
gravel: has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO., cor. Fremont and Xatoma.
DSEDQINa PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline. Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pomps.
Engines A Rollers. KendyMach.Wks..40 Fremont.
TENTS A^D COVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bags, testa,
covers. SI and 23 California St.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or calt water for slulea boxes;
high or low lifts. SImonds. 33 Market it.
ENGINES.
In stock, Kteam, gas. gasolln?: full line: infra,
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. 20 Fremont.
COLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. 2» Fol-
BOm street. Oriental Gas Ensine Company. .
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion slulea saves gold: competi*
tion invited 1793 13th St.. corner Guerrero.
PI.ATES FOR SAVING OOLD.
Scriaezleln* & Burrldge. 3 Kardle place.' off
JOamy. between Sutter and Bosh streets. .
SILVER-PLATED MIMNO PLATES. I
GET them at Dennlston's San Francisco Plat-
iae "Works. 652 Mission st. ..
SILVER-PLATED AMALGAM PLATFS.
F. W. BELI* Central Plating Works, S32 Mls-
slon st., S. F. Phone Jessie 301.
TANKS.
TANKS- Pacific Tank Co.. manufacturers. B
Beale St.. S. F-. 343 K. 2d st.. Los Angeles.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO ,.££t_t.
WHISKY.
HUNTED DVE CHRISTY * WISE ConKner-
IlUlllCa fllC* cial Co.. 327-23 Sansome St.
LIQUORS-
WHTSimV BLATZ BEER. Bethesda Water.
Yl U13IVCI CAHEX & SON. m Sacramento st.
PORTABLB HOUSES. •
BURXHAM-STAN'DEFORD CO., Washington
and 1st *ts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex., fct. I*.
MISS JULIA MARLOWE.
In a recent letter to The Peruna Medi-
cine Co., Miss Julia , Marlowe of New
York City has the following to say of
Peruna:
"/ am glad to write my endorse-
ment of the great remedy, Peruna,
as a nerve ionic. I do so most
heartily." Julia Marlowe.
Nervousness Is very common among
women. This condition is due to anemic
nerve centers. The nerve centers are the
reservoirs of nervous vitality. These cen-
ters become bloodless for want of proper
nutrition. This is especially true In the
spring season. Every spring a host of in-
valids are produced as the direct result
of weak nerves.
This could be easily obviated by the us<»
of Peruna. Peruna strikes at the root of
the difficulty by correcting the digestion.
Digestion furnishes nutrition for the nems
centers. Properly digested food furnishes
these reservoirs of life with vitality,
which leads to strong, steady nerves, and
thus nourishes life.
Peruna is in great favor a^non? women,
especially those who have vocations that
are trying to the nervous system. Peruna
furnishes the lasting Invigoration for tht»
nerve3 that such people so much need.
Thousands of testimonials from women
in all parts of the United States are beln*
received every year. Such unsolicited evU
dence surely proves that Peruna is with-
out an equal as a nerve tonic and vital
Invigorator.
Buy a bottle of Peruna to-day. Jt
you do not receive all the bene-
fits from Peruna that you expected,
write to Dr. Hartman, Columbus,
Ohio.
NERVOUSNESS OF WOMEN.
What Peruna Has Done for a
Brilliant Actress.
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
j/i— — *^^ ~ " 7=*— — j"7"" ' K^JpFlTifvt mt\v2 l I m___]A__7&*^^F__\Important Committees.
Special Dispatch to The Call. N .
MONTREAL, Province of Quebec, May
16. — The twenty-third annual session of
the Supreme Council of the . Royal Ar
canum opened hero to-day at the Hotel
¦Windsor. Representatives from twenty
three Grand Councils and provinces -were
present. Hon. W. Holt Apgar of New
Jersey, the supreme regent, submitted his
annual reDort. which shows a membership
of 200.130. there belnc a net ealn'^f m-.-^
than 7000 members during tho past year.
It shoves also that Jl.Ow.uOO wad iii\«ov<=>.i
Past Regent George "W. DLxon of Cal
ifornia Appointed on Two of the
OPENING OF SUPREME
COUNCIL OF ROYAL ARCANUM
Baby Dead by Her Side.
FRESNO, May 16.— Mrs. H. Barsamlan,
1642 N street, awoke this morning to find
h«r six weeks old and as yet unnamed girl
baby dead at her side, though there is a
doubt whether the Infant was suffocated
by the mother. The Barsamlans have fig
ured in the papers here, at Visalla and
at Portland. Or., by reason of their do
mestic troubles. A reconciliation was
effected eix weeks ago by the British Con
sul at Portland, but it did not last long.
She Is an English woman and he an Ar
menian. '¦ ' : ' : : '¦- '
THREE LIVES
ARE LOST IN
HOTEL FIRE
A Porter Performs Heroic
Work and Rescues Many
From Death.
CHICAGO, May 13.— Three persons were
killed, one Is missing and thirteen vrtre
Injured as a result of the fire which early
to-day destroyed the Hotel Helene at 110
114 Fifty-third street. Five of. the injured
will probably die. The dead:
CHARLOTTE PETERSON, dining room
girl, found In her room burned to a crisp.
LENA (surname unknown to police),
found burned almost beyond- recognition
In the room with Miss Peterson,
S. G.'McHADDBN.
Seriously injured: W. E. Horn terribly
burned, leg broken; will die.
E. E. Tarvis, burned; recovery doubtful.
Elizabeth Florence, internally Injured
and skull fractured; unconscious: recov
ery doubtful. • .
E. B. Allen, internally injured In Jump
ing from thitd-story windotrT
Mrs. T. D. Allen, back, broken and In
ternally injured; Jumped from third-story
window; will die. .
Miss Helen Joseph, badly bruised and
overcome by srrtoke.
Stella Neiiwolskl, chambermaid, jumped
from Hrst floor: overcome by smoke and
injured internally.
L. J. McNeil porter, burned about fac*.
Miss Sarah Hutchinson, . a hlrh school
teacher; injured in falling from »e<Sond
floor.
James Costin, fireman, cut by falling
glaes. •
. Mrs. Bruce, overcome by smoke,
Thomas Morgan, policeman, back in
jured.
Mrs. Adella Lawson, badly bruised.
The loss to the building and furnishings
was $40,000. James McNeil, the hotel por
ter, was the first to warn the sleeping oo
cupants of their danger. He carried Helen
Joseph down a swaying ladder from the
third floor and then, amid the cheers of
the onlookers, returned to the second floor,
where a woman was lying unconscious,
with her clothing on fire. He carried her
to the window and dropped her Into the
arms of Policeman Wolf. Then McNeil
himself staggered back into the smoke. A
policeman mounted to the shoulders of a
Brother officer and, clambering over the
window ledge, caught McNeil by the feet
and dragged him from the room. He soon
recovered consciousness.
Mrs. Bruce, with one arm around her
Infant child, was clinging with the other
arm to the ledge of a second story win
dow. Smoke was pouring out in smother
ing clouds. Three policemen, carrying a
blanket, rushed into the flames which
were darting from the basement windows
just in time to- catch the woman and her
child, when they dropped. Mrs. Bruce waa
badly burned, but had succeeded in pro
tecting her baby, so that not one hair of
its head had been injured.
The rescues were nearly all accom
plished before the firemen arrived.
The fire started in the basement and
spread with great rapidity. But for the
heroic action of Porter McNeil every per
son in the building would undoubtedly
have perished. There was only one en
trance to the building, and the greater
number of the guests had to escape aa
beat they could through the windows.
GENERAL PINZON GAINS
A VICTORY OVER REBELS
Revolutionists "in Colombia, Com
manded by General TTribe, De
feated at Lebriga.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright, 1800, by th« Herald
Publishing Company.
PANAMA, May 16.— An , official cable
from the Governor of Cauca reports that
a victory, haa been obtained by General
Prospero Pinzen ¦ over the revolutionary
forces commanded by General Urlbe at
Lebriga, In the Department of Santander
on May U: ; ; No official ; confirmation or
details haver been received by the Gov
ernor hero from the War Minister In Bo
gota. ¦ ¦ ¦ -. ¦
RELIEF OF KUMASSL
..British. Fore© to March to the Gold
Coast ' Capital. >
PRASHU, Gold Coast Colony, May 16.—
Four hundred Hausas have mobilized
here, with fifty members of the guard of
the.Ashantl gold mines. The rest of the
force will advance to Kumassl. • The Cape
Coast relief column Is : hurrying up ; pro
visions. '.-'¦ ,
The Adansl tribesmen are m arm*
against the friendly Bekwals. The
Ashantls ara in considerable force at Ku
massl. -
VAST HORDES
ARE DEPENDENT
UPON CHARITY
LONDON. May 16.— Dealing with the
famine In the central provinces of India,
which have an area equal to that of
Austria 'and a population of nearly 11,
000,000, and which were formerly most
prosperous, the Daily Chronicle's corre
spondent at Bllaspur writes:
"The demand for Government assist
ance is unparalleled. In one district 40
per cent are dependent on the Siekar for
their daily bread; in two Others the per
centage Is over SO. In the whole area
there are 1,500,000 people with no other
sources of subsistence than Government
charity.
. "In the eastern division, where the crop
failure was the most complete, we have
had the best of opportunity of seeing the
gigantic organization evolved for grapling
with the famine. The abomination of des
olation is here. Not a toiler Is seen In
the fields. When the last rain failed and
the rude peasantry saw the young rice
shoots blasted by the fierce August sun,
they were left without resources and the
few silver ornaments which every Indian
family possesses went at last. Then they
crowded the relief works by hundreds of
thousands."
NEW YORK, May 16.— Certain newspa
pers having made the statement that Lord
Curzon, Viceroy of India, had said that
no further help 'was needed In the famine,
the New York committee of one hundred
on India famine relief sent the following
cablegram to Lord Curzon:
Committee of 100 citizens, formed hers fcr
famine relief. Newspapers report you say no
more funds needed. Cable full facts at our ex
pense.
The reply received Is as follows:
SIMLA. May 15.— William E. Doflgre, Chair
man India Famine Fund Committee, New
Tork: So far from no more funds being need
ed, every dollar Is of service in saving life.
We have fire and three-quarters millions on
relief. Many in extreme destitution. All help
Bladly received^ CURZON.
Crowd the British Govern
ment's Relief Camps
in India.
Stage Passengers Injured.
LAYTONVILLE. May 16.— Tho south
bound stage from Scotia to Uklah arriv
ing last night had three injured San
Francisco passengers. The heavy stage
coach plunging along In the darkness
struck a deep rut, throwing the three
passengers from the outside seats. The
injured are George Lathrop, James Ken
ney and Frank Emerly.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON'/- May 16.—Representa
tive de Vries, who has been mentioned
as likely to be appointed to the Board of
General Appraisers at New Tork, when
asked to-night concerning the matter
said:
"The Board of General Appraisers Is
composed of nlno members no more than
five of whom shall be of the same politi
cal party. There is no member of this
board appointed from any State west of
Illinois and It is but Just that the Pacific
Coast should have a representative on the
board. The present vacancy . must be
filled by a Democrat. Since It has ap
peared from the press that Mr. Bynum
will not be confirmed by the Senate, mem
bers of the California and Pacific Coast
delegations have urged my appointment
and acceptance of the place. The matter
has assumed no definite proportions and
could not until the appointment of Mr.
Bynum was acted upon by the Senate.
All discussion has been subject to such
action. At present no definite conclusions
have been reached."
Members of the board receive a salary
of $7500 per year and serve during good
behavior.
The House Committee on Public Lands
to-day took up the department big tree
bill introduced by Mr. de Vries and or
dered that it be favorably reported, with
two amendments. The more important of
these couples with the condemnation pro
ceedings provided the authority In the
Secretary of the Interior to purchase the
groves for $125,000. The bill will be re
ported by Mr. Needham, who will have
charge of It- upon the floor of the House.
A postomce has been established at Re
vllla, Alaska, with William D. Harper as
postmaster; M. A.fS. Simmons has been
appointed postmaster at Concow, Butte
County, Cal., vice J. R. Simmons, re
moved.
The abstract of the conditions of na
tional banks of San Francisco on April
26, as reported to the Comptroller of the
Currency, shows the average reserve to
have been 33.54 per cent, against 36.(52 per
cent on February 13. Loans and discounts
increase from $16,652.S33 to $17,048,363;
stocks and securities decrease from $1,444,
917 to $1,359,239; cold coin from $4.1(30,415 to
$3,543,941; total specie from $6,052,341 to $4,
663.600; lawful money reserve from $6,070,
630 to $4,678,777: individual deposits In
creased from $16,228,094 to $16,725,650.
Representative De Vries Speaks of
His Possible Appointment to the
Board of Appraisers.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
In United States bonds as an emergency
fund and that this fund Is Increasing at
the rate of $40,000 a month. The review of
the order shows that since its organiza
tion in 1S77 there has been paid to I the
beneficiaries of deceased members $60,000.
000. Tho reports of the other supreme offi
cers were presented and referred to the
proper committees.
Tho members of the Supreme Council
will go on an excursion by steamer to
Quebec to-morrow night, arriving at that
place on Friday morning, and remain
there all day, viewing the many points of
Interest in that old-fashioned city. Thev
will return to this city in time to resume
business on Saturday forenoon. The ses
sion will last eight or nine days.
Past Regent George W. Dlxon, repre
sentative from the Grand Council of Cali
fornia, was appointed to-day upon two of
the important committees.
comes from being afflicted with
¦ a fried truffle appetite with a fried
[ bacon purse," said Frank Baker, as
4,-? he 6at In the California-street police
station yesterday morning. After loosen
ing the band of his trousers to permit his
alimentary* canal to get all the good possi
ble out of a $2 23 meal that had landed him
In Jail he continued: "My appetite Is not
congenital. It is the result of luxurious*
environment in days some time past nnd
starvation days Just over. I am equare,
however, squarer than the meal that has
given me both pleasure and pain, and In
the name of Its memory I swear to pay
the 60 due."
Baker, formerly a general utility man at
tho Pacific Union Club, swung Into
Swain's bakery on Sutter street yester
day morning for a "bite." With an ele
gance born of long association with gen
tlemen of the clubs he gave his "order.
Mush and cream, bacon and eggs, tender
loin steak, lamb chops (frenched), straw
berries and cream, cheese from Switzer
land, « dates from Persia, figs from
Smyrna, a bottle bearing a war stamp,
and a cigar, fragrant and fat and tagged
at 50 cents, composed his "bite." Picking
up his check he advanced to the counier
and extended $1 65 to the proprietor in his
open palm. The bill called for $2 25. A
brief controversy was closed with the
warbling of a police whistle and Baker
was led away to Jail. "Can't get away
with a batch of stuff, like that every day, 1 '
he said. "Circumstances will not permit.
I have been at the County Hospital for
four days. The first morning when- 1 was
driven from . the officers' table to which
I had aimlessly wandered in to the pa
tients' dining room my apetite fled. Since
then my dreams have been of the old
club days when the bread was baked and
the cold tea was not used for lye to clean
the kitchen tin." As Baker finished his
musing the proprietor of the restaurant
entered the station and dismissed the
case.
"I don't owe you so much," said Baker
In farewell. "You have my tl 65. but aa
your charge was not unreasonable I will
labor to repay you, but you must wait
until my hands are turned to some re
munerative pursuit."
Baker's Cormorant Appetite Paralyzes the Steward.
and other quasi public corporations" no deduc
tion from the vaiue of th«. property la allowed
on account of the indebtedness; the whole of
the property — precisely commensurate with the
interest* cf both debtor and creditor— Is aa
sessed to such corporation; and thus as an
Interest in the affected property (which Is de
clared to be for this purpose by th« first
claupo of section 4) the second obligation Is
as«er«ed and the tax Is paid by the debtor
corporation.
It necersarily follows that to assess and tax
the obligation' apaln to the holder thereof, as
if It were an unsecured credit, would be to
tax tha Fame property twice, which In this in
stance at least is made impossible by the
tertris of the constitution; for since the ee
cured obligation is for the purposes of assess
ment and taxation to be deemed and treated
as an lntereft In the property affected It cannot
be taxed except as euch Interest.
Attention Is called to the cases where
various securities are scattered all over
th» world where It would be Impos
sible to tax them. Unless the property
Itself be taxed the State would derive no
revenue from it. Judgment of the lower
court was reversed.
Justice Garoutte adds that a contrary
Judgment to that Just given would
deprive all residents of the State of the
opportunity of buying bonds of the char
acter involved and these securities would
be bought and held in the great money
centers of Europe.
Justice Van Dyke In a dissenting- opin
ion says:
It goes without Baying that the more subjects
exempted from taxation the greater must be
the rate of taxation as to those taxable. Where,
therefore, a vast amount of capital Invested In
notes, bonds and other securities Is exempted
from or esrapes taxation the more onerous be
comes the burden of taxation to those who ara
not so fortunate as to be creditors but who
may own other epecles of property. The ex
tent to which the exemption of various forms
of credits had been carried under the decisions
of the court, aa already stated, had become a
crying evil, and It was the fixed purpose of the
people cf this State, as declared In the pres
ent constitution, to reach and tax every epe
cles of credits, whether secured or unsecured.
• * * History teaches that the tendency is
and always has been for the more favored u
shift the burden of governmental support from
their own ehoulders to th« shoulders of those
less favored and less able to bear such burden.
• • • Nothliy; Is more calculated to produce
dlsaatUf&ctlon and unrest, and Justly bo. than
lawB the "operation of which lavor or even
teem to favor the few or a class as against the
great body of the people. It should require
th« most direct and Imperative command of
the constitution to Justify a decision of this
court teadlcs to euch results; and none such
exist here.
The Supreme Court also handed down
a decision in the matter of the
assessment of taxes on certain personal
property of the estate of • the late James
O. Fair. The City and County Assessor
filed a petition in the Superior Court pray
ing for an order directing the executors
of the ©state to pay taxes on personalty
assessed amounting to J&S.S12. The ex
ecutors made answer that they had ten
dered the taxes on the estate liable to
taxation here, but that the residue of the
property assessed consisted of bonds of
various corporations secured by mort
gages and not subject to taxation here.
The first class consists of bonds of the
South Facitic Coast Railway Company
and of the Northern Railway Company of
California, each corporation being organ
ized under the laws of this State. The
Supreme Court decided that the assess
ment on these bonds was void, the point
at Issue having been disposed of In the
Oermania Trust case.
The other bonds assessed were of the
Pacific Rolling MlIls a Company, valued at
$73,000. The Supremt? Court holds the as
sessment of the Kalr estate for these
bonds was void, as they must be assessed
as asi interest in the property lncumbered
for their payment.
The other bonds considered were those
of railroad corporations organized under
the laws of West Virginia and operated
elsewhere than in California and assessed
for S713.000. These bonds have never been
here, being kept in New York. The conten
tion was that no assessment could be
made on this class of bonds. On this mat
ter the Supreme Court says:
"The court below was right in holding
that the answer of the executors showed
no defense to the demand for taxes on the
bonds of the foreign railroad corporations,
but since it appeared from the answer
that the taxes on the other bonds were
not authorised by law, it was error to
sustain the demurrer to the answer as a
whole."
The order appealed from was reversed.
The Supreme Court also passed upon
the case of the estate of Henry Pichoir,
deceased. The Assessor sued the estate
for taxes. The executor resisted upon the
ground that much of the estate was in
bonds of quasi public corporations and,
therefore, not subject to taxation. The
Supreme Court's decision Is identical with
that rendered in the Germania Trust
Company case.
OWNERS OF BONDS
ESCAPE TAXATION
Supreme Court Decides Against
the City in the Germania
Trust Case.
It Holds That the Securities of Quasi Public
Corporations* Are Not Assessable Under
the State Law.
EXTRAORDINARY APPETITE
OF HUNGRY CONVALESCENT
Friend^of McKinley to Pre
sent Minority Report to
Methodist Conference.
FIGHT AGAlNST
CRITICISM OF
THE PRESIDENT
CHICAGO, May 18.— The friend* of Pres
ident McKlnley In the temperance com
mittee of the Methodist General Confer
ence, who made a losing fight against the
adoption of the leading paragraphs in the
report which criticize the President and
censure him for his acceptance of the
Grlggs decision In the anti-canteen law,
will take the fight to the floor of the con
ference In the form of a minority report,
substituting other paragraphs for the ob
jectionable sentiments.
Dr. J. E. Price of the New York Con
ference, who submitted a minority report
from the. sub-committee, will present the
matter to the conference -to-morrow. It
will be signed by over a score of the mem
bers of the committee, and, It Is said by
its champions, will have strong support
in the conference^
The majority report of the snb-commlt
tee on all matters before it. Including the
criticism of the President, was adopted
by the general committee to-day after a
long fight ¦ on several paragraphs which
referred to the attitude of the church on
the license question. The report indorses
total abstinence on the part of the mem
bers and ministers of the church and fra
ternity with other societies and organiza
tions in the cause of temperance.
In regard to the liquor traffic it Indorses
the . sentiment of the episcopal address
that "it* can never b« legalized without
sin," and declared that licensing It legal
izes It. In contrast to the condemnation
of the President on the anti-canteen mat-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 17,. 1900.
<=-¦¦ iHE firemen of engines 3 and 15 were tho victims of a practical Joke sup
posed to have been perpetrated by fair maidens of the Hamlin School, at
the corner of Gough and Jackson streets, yesterday afternoon. They
responded to a telephone call informing them that the institution was In
flames, but when they arrived on the scene, all thoughts of heroic rescues
and daring deeds were quickly dissipated by the ringing out of a jolly "Ha
ha!" Who sent the mysterious message is yet conjecture, but the fire laddies
vrent home convinced that they saw guilt In some of the smiling grlrlish faces
and that a secret will be spoken In whispers for eome time to come within
the walls of the Hamlin schoolhouse. . . ;- ¦¦-.":¦- ,'¦
About 3 o'clock tho engine companies received a telephone call. As they
dashed down the street the firemen saw girls on " the fire-escapes and in the
windows, .with looks of terror on their faces. Everything Indicated that a .
terrible hblocaust was Imminent. Some dashed Into the building, while"
others. connected tho engines with fire-plugs, and stretched : lines . of hose.
Captains Whittaker and Russell led the men up the stairsto f»»rht'the blaze.
Hardly had the firemen entered the building before the' faces on which
had been written fear took , on broad grins and " the forms dropped back
from the windows and congregated In the halls, v where the , "ha-ha" was - ;
handed out In large = packages. Every one In the place professed: absolute lg-
norance as to the mysterious message, but Captain Russell says that a pretty
.name passed - around in" an undertone and that he has a clew, to work on.
Last night the affair was explained at the: schools by, saying, that, some- '
body had eeen smoke arising from the roof and that the fire companies iwere
summoned. The captains state that no such explanation was made to them.'
PRETTY GIRLS GIVE
FIREMEN THE LAUGH
ACCORDING to a decision rendered I
yesterday by th« Supreme Court
bonds of rallroatls and other quasi J
public con?orarions cannot be as-
EcsFPd for the purpose of taxation. By
this decision the city Is deprived of taxes
on bonds amounting to over $20.C»X).000 and
the State of taxes on securities running
into several bssdred millions. " The deci
sion was rendered In the case of the Ger
manla Trust Company against the city
and county of San Francisco. It was
written by Commissioner Brltt shortly
before his retirement from the Supreme
Court ard concurred !n by Justices Mc-
Farlar.d. Temple, Garoutte and Harrison
and Commissioners Chipman and Cooper.
Justice Van Dyke dissented.
The case crigir.ated really In the State
Boaxd cf Equalisation in 1S93. The board
eer.t f> Attorney General Tirey L% Ford
for his opinion as to the legality of as
sessing the bonds of railroads and other
(jua.«i public corporations. Ford cited the
general law as expounded by nearly every
BupreGM Court In the United States, as
well as the text writers, to the effect that
all suc!i securities were taxable. Cali
fornia Tras the exception, a decision to
the contrary having been rendered thirty
years ago.
Upon this the Board of Equalization di
rected Assessor Dodge of San Francisco
to proceed on the lines of th« opinion
given bv the Attorney General.
The Gerrr.anla Trust Company of this
city held bonds of the North Pacific Rail
way Company, a corporation owned and
operated wholly in this State. The taxes
on these bonds were paid under protest
by thf trust company, which then began
suit fcr the recovery of the money on
The ground that the a«>e>sment was In
valid. In the Superior Court the Assessor
In'lrs decision the Supreme Court says
the question fer decision was whether
euch bonds are assessable for the pur
pose of taxation to the owner of them.
The court quotes the constitution on the
f=ub?*>ct of revenue and taxation and
cays :
We are therefore In the present case to un
<>rr?and the provision* of the constitution si
cUr*<~ted to tr.e purpose o' securing to »he
£t*te a revenue from such bonds equal to
that di-rive.1 from any other property of the
6a ™ t value ar.d at the same time avoiding the
double taxation Of any property. Holding In
v:«.-.v both these Intents the scheme and plan
of the BontltBtSoa e«as to be ea>y of appre
hor.sion. • • • The form which credits
(^urrd tv mcrtirtge fhould b« taken for the
j.-urpr,te« of uiktlon being thus fixed as an
interest !n the affected property. !t remained
to <J»>terrr.'.ne froni srtMOl payment of the tax
on the ag;rr*sate of values comprised in the
property of individuals and ptrlctly private
crirporatlor.* should be exacted. The bur
den is divided and adjusted by assent-
Ing the interests separately — the owner
of the secured credit .being taxed on
its valJ© tr.d the owner of the lncumbered
; rrp<rty t>elr.g taxed on the value thereof re
r.air.'.r.? after deducting the amount assessed
to the secured creJltnr. But In the ct«e Of
c:-^21ts secured on the property of "railroad
3
"Dear Mks. PnfKHAii: — I had been
under treatment with the doctors for
four years, and seemed to get no better,
I thought I would try your medicine.
My trouble was change of life, and I
must say that I Sever. had anything
help me so much as Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound. Relief
came almost immediately. I have
better health now than I ever had. I
feel like a new woman, perfectly
strong. I give Lydia E. Pinkham's
Compound all the credit, and would
not do without her medicine for any-
. thing. I havo recommended it to
several of my friends. There is no
need of women suffering so much for
Mrs. Pinkham's remedies aro a sure
cure.^ — Mahala Bctlek, Bridjje^
water, III. \
Another Woman v Helped
•• Deab Mks. Ptxkham :—^-I took Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
during change of life and derived great
benefit from its use."— MabtE. Jambs,
130 Coydon St., Bradford, Pa. \
Relief Came Promptly
FOR MIDDLE-AGED WOMEN.
- *%
Two I>tt«rs from Women Helped Through
the "Change of Life" by Lydia E.l'lnk-
ham's Vegetable Compound. . ,
" Dear Mks. Pixkiiam : — When I first
wrote to you I was in a very' bad con-
dition. I was passing through the
change of life, and the doctors saia I
had bladder and liver trouble. I had
suffered for nine years. Doctors failed
to do me any good. Since I have taken
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, my health has improved very
much. I will gladly recommend your
medicine to others and am sure that it
will prove as great a blessing to them
as it has to me." — Mks. Geo. H. June,
901 DeKalb Ave., Brooklyn, N. Y.
ADV2RTI3EMENT3.
ter was a eulogy of Secrot&xy Lone for
banishing liquor from tho Amarican. naval
ships and yards.. • .
1 —^t-T£j i Kilmer s Swamp-Root, !
t 1 the peat kidney, liver ;
Q t+Srrr] I* and bladder remedy, j
¦ TtF^Sl L* Itlsthe great medl-}
. \A\ \J triumph of the nine-:
\)jL \ I |i| |f teenth century; . dis-;
)^= V, _____ ; III covered after years ol
* ¦ ff^ ! ¦ w^ "1111 scientific research by 1
GJ Jr- "t^Xl Dr. Kilmer, the emft-
' 2 m _-. " neat kidney and blad-'
— -—^ns-^*" '' der specialist, and is
wonderfully successful in promptly curing
lame back, kidney, bladder, uric acid trou-
bles and Bri ght's Disease, which is the worst,
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root Is not rs>]
ommended for everything but if you have Idd-]
ney, liver or bladder trouble it will be found
Just the remedy you need. It has been tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in private
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-!
chass relief and has proved so successful ta
every case that a special .arrangement has
been made by which all .readers of this paper
who have not already tried it, may have a
sample bottle sent free by mall, also a book;
telling more about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder trouble. |
When writing mention reading this generous
offer In this paper and f^y**
send your address to ggfflWy^B&S'J^f
Dr. Kilmer & Co.,Bing- K fcSpgtais
hamton, N. Y. The^^^g^g^
regular fifty cent and Hon»<rfsw»m*-uoo%j
dollar sizes are sold by all good druggists.
Kidney Trouble Makes Ton Miserable.
Almost everybody who reads the news-
papers is sure to know of the wonderful
¦t it »i cures made by Dr.
BO YOU GET UP
WITHALAmEBACK?
DR. TrnVMTTIVS SWAMP-ROOT.
jpy ill
We? 1
Women
Indorse
Hudyan.
uski,
rail 11 '-''?*' [/$&2uP* W. *£
fcoliow
eje» ifig-
I) sunken ch*»k» *ad pa.!ene»« (tig. «), flut-
terinjr b»art <Cr. !). Indigestion (fl*. Z), ema-
ciation (fir- 1).
Wcraen it Is f'.nfu! to neglect your health.
Don't wait for the surg«on"« knife. Take HUD-
TAN now. It will cure all those chronic ln-
f.imir.aticnE or ulfTatlona that give nse to
> our Fuff^rttiE* and mltertra.
H'JDYAN i» woman'* friend, for It brlnra
back rosy cheek*, bright eyes, a clear com-
Xiexion.
ULl Ul ill A.I package. < packages « 00.
If your drurrlst does rot k»ep it e»nd direct
to the UL'DTAN HEMEDI CO.. corner Stock-
ton. E:;i» and Market «t*.. San FVanclsco. Cal.
<t- ? of tfje rjudyao Remedy
i nnrTODQ ! Co - m °y bz "^suited
I iJUL 1 UllO I by letter or It) person
4> »• Write your symptoms.
BEN'D KOR CIRCULARS A.VD TESTIMO-
NIAL.S Of THU GItEAT HtrPTAX— FREE.
i. 1 «_F *i» J «F J&- •» CD. sIF Mk O. A t a «-^
o
Hye cl&stea can be made comfortable with
OUIl new c::pa, properly adjusted.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repalrtnr. Phone Main 13.
UHIIUAN3 ?HUTOG B * 5rj£ NT ,f,c
642 Market 5t. i^TRuwtNts
o»s£g cHKOf^t. B-jt:>i»fr. Catalogue fret.
liiMi ALL'S MeIN VIGOR AT0RE?3ra5
yi\r na-advC Ttw&ri fcr any ftfyf^Jx
rac* we cannot cure. This secret tau mS
reisefly «ioi>s all losses in :i |
hours, cures Emissions, liopo- Vgq ECK
inter. Varlcocel*. ' Gonorrhoea. *"-V4 Pf
Gleet. Fit*. Strictures. Lo, t iUj 1J_I
Macnood and all ws»ttrr effects >JJS PCt
c: fclf»fcJ*« or excesses. Sent fuZHaruSZi
ttaled, SI bottle; I bottles. Si; Kuaraote«d to
cure any case ; Address. HALL'S MEDICaX, IN-
PTITCTK. *56 Broadway. Oakland. C*L Also
for aala at lOTtti Market St.. H. F. All priru*
Cit eates quickly cured. Eend for trtm book.
fa. \\7^ are making them to |f
H any of these fashionable, sty.l- 9
||j black cheviot indigo blue serge fcg
|H blue cheviot new light blue serge |||
fcSjJU O #^ f\ (* I Q W T f\ f* C ¦ & fl c^tmSb
EK7K3S 4\ £ J \\ g {X \ W \J t 9LV U V 1 H^vji
II Each of these cloths is a $20.00 M
III quality. Suits made from this W*
Hi quality of material in the same TA
III manner as ours are selling to-day Wi
H in San Francisco for $20.00. -n
I To prove our claim we would B
H| like to give you our samples and m
11 you can compare them where you 13
Hj choose. All we ask is that you |||
II compare them with anything up Wt
II This guarantees the cloth ab-' pi
H solutely. You know our guaran- ll
fill Money returned if you want It; op E|S
jpfi Clothes kept In repair free for one year. |p|
||| When you order one of these suits you 111
ill are fully protected. Do you not appreciate t PH.
|i| buying made-to-order clothing on this* pi
pll Suppose you get our samples — they are Wm
fe|2| Out-of-town orders filled for mad9~to-order clothes— writs z&m
mM for samples; fit assured by our self-measuring blank. jfg^f
|*|| '718 Market Street and [|||
mM Cop. Powell and Eddy. ||1George C. Duncan and J. S. Bradley,
•jrho Etole a horse and wagon belonging to
C. H. Rick, a butcher on Ritch- street;
verb yesterday sentenced to » servo six
fca -*j^ in, tiie County JaU each.
Stole a Butcher's Rig-.
Court Will Inspect Laundry.
Wong 8aai I>ee. a Chinese laundryman
appeared before Judge Fritz yesterday on
a charge of disturbing the peace. The
complaining: witness was F. W. Goetze.
2729 Twenty-Plxth street, who alleged that
the noise made by Uie launuryman and
his assistants during the night kept him
and his family awake. About thirty other
resid. :its were la court to give their tes
timony.
The Judjre decided to visit the laundry
and determine for himself whether the
complaint was well founded.
The entries for the races to he held next
Wednesday at Oakland track in conjunc
tion with the seventh annual celebration
of the Butchers' Board of Trade will close
this afternoon with Secretary J. M. Gil
bert, 414 Pine street. There are nine
events In all, Including trotting, running
and steer races. ,
Butchers' Picnic Races.
Sullivan Opposed to Ingieslde.
Chief of Police Sullivan refuses to say
what he Intends to do If the ¦ Ingleside
coursing people lnslsj on carrying out
their programme for to-day.
"I do not care to discuss the matter,"
he remarked last night. "If I were to
divulge my plans they would try to cir
cumvent me and for that reason I don't
wish to discuss dog racing at Ingleside."
Notwithstanding the Chief's reticence It
is known that he has Instructed Captain
Gillln to prevent any attempt or the
coursing men to race their doga at tho
Ingleside track.
Serious charged have been preferred
against Policeman Dan Owens of the
North End Station. He is accused of ap
propriating a helmet belonging to a fel
low officer named Stanton, better known
as "Castle Garden." Several days ago
Stanton bought a new helmet which was
the envy of the other officers of his divis
ion. Owens cast many longing glances at
the piece of headgear and finally resolved
to get possession of It, even at the risk
of losing his star. He waited until Stan
ton placed the helmet in his locker and
watching his chance opened the door and
captured the prize "bonnet." .
Hastily transferring the numbers of his
old helmet to the new. one he left the
station.
When Stanton returned to the station
the following day he was surprised to
find his new helmet gone and an old one
substituted. It was identified as belong
ing to the enterprising Owens and he was
sent for.
Owens appeared at the station a short
time afterward, his head decorated with
Stanton's helmet. When confronted with
the evidence of his guilt he confessed that
he had taken the helmet, but claimed it
was done as a "josh." Chief Sullivan
was at once notified and he concluded to
prefer charges against Owens. He will
have a chance to explain matters at the
next meeting of the Board of Police Com
missioners.
Explain.
"Josh," but Will Have to
Pol iceman Owens Says /It Was a
APPROPRIATES BROTHER
OFFICER'S NEW HELMET
LONDON, May 18.— At the Newmarket
eecond sprins meeting to-day the Prince
of WiUfs' Diamond Jubilee (the winner of
this ypjtr's two thousand guineas stake)
¦won the Xewmarket stakes. J. Mucker's
Chevening, v.ith £loan up, finished pec
cnd. ar.d A. Henderson 1 * Guld Wife, with
Jiierby in the saddle, was third. In a field
of Kix horsos. . The etake is of 30 sover
eigns each, half forfeit, ¦with 2O/J sover
eigns added, for three-year-olds. Guid
Wife led until a half mile from home,
wh^n Diamond Jubilee drew in front, fol
lowed by chevening, and won a good race
by a head.
The victory of the Prince of Wales*
horsf W.-TS greeted with the usual scenes
of enthusiasm. The Prince himself was
present and thoroughly enjoyed the pop
ular d<?monstrai.Jo5is and the congratula
tion* of his friends. The betUnj? was 2 to
1 on Diamond Jubilee, z to 1 apainst Chev
eiring and 32 to 1 against Guld Wife
J. Rr-lff rode Evaait in the race for a
plate of ISO sovereigns and finished first
liichard Croker's Imah, with J. Reiff u*r>
won an all-aped selling race. Marlalva
Tiddpn by Sloan, was second. - '
Eloan took the Wednesday welter handi
cap on Hice.
inond Jubilee.
3iJewmarket Stakes Captured by Dia-
WALES' HORSE WINS,
ST. LOUIS. May 1C— Tha race meeting
of the 6t. J^ou's Fair Association will
t>;>e:i to-morrow under the most promis
ing auspices. The stake feature will be
ilia luaug-urid handicap at ono mile, In
wixlch the crack California colt. Yellow
Tail, -Rill meet the best of the Western
division. Tli© weather 1b threatening to
i:ipht, but the prospects are fairly good
tor a fast track.
The entries and weights for the InauRiu
ral handicap follow: Lady Callahan, 102;
Nandora, 83; Pinochle. &>; DuK<? of Baden,
XW; Yellow Tail. 107; laureate. 103; Thrive.
1.OU1SVILTJ-:. Ky.. May 16.— Two of the
Oaks candidates that have beon tho most
talked about were beaten to-day In a way
that shows they are. either not quite up
to (l g-ood race or are not of aa hlph class
es they have been considered. Anna Bain,
vhich was an odds-on favorite In th© first
rate of th© day. ran second with Fleuron,
¦with Scarlet Lily third. Unsightly fln-
MMd fifth in the Premier ' stakes after
tl{>toeI&K her field to the head of the
stretch.
A pr«"at wad of money went In on In
dian in the third race, and from the open
j;-p — 16 to 1— h^ •was backed (3cywn to 15.
H*» gi>t off badly, however, and cut no
tisrure In the race, finishing next to last.
Jt.isults:
Seven furionpi. Fl<»urf>n wen. Anna Bain sec
ond. Siirlet Lily third. Time. 1:2T.
" Pcur iurlrrigf. Fancy Wood ¦won, Esther
Mires fei'ond. Ethrl Pace third. Time, :4SH.
Mile- r.nd an clchth, Handprefs wen. Ollie
I)-.x.!i sreond. Vlrgie O third. Time, 1:54.
I'remler stake, one mile, Celerltas wen. The
ll..nk u^nr.nd. CJ«f;ra third. Time. 1:40^.
Five furionps. Silverdale won. Slnfl second.
The Conqueror third. Time. 1:014.
£lx Carloca, s<>;!ing— I>ollle WelthoS won,
Ocunee eecund. Belle of Orleans third, Time,
XEW YORK. May 1«.— Results:
Seven tur\r,np&, Kr.trbt of the Garter won.
Lambent second. T'erar.ter third. Time, 1:28.
Kx tedoosa. selling. Kensington won, Dan
r.i^e second. PrPKtldlphator third. Time, 1:14H.
The Laureate, five furlongrs. Bonnibert won;
Cn-.ile B»^>on'l. Contend third. Time. ::.!•}».
Five rurli?r^rs, Irritable won. Oolden Age seo
©r.d. Minion third. Time. 1:00.
Six furlongs. Blue Devil won. The Benedict
•eennd, " Lady Lindsey third. Time, 1:13%.
The Knickerbocker handicap, mile and three
quarters, Larkland won. Flion d'Or second.
Governor Grtggs third. Time. 3:12.
CHICAGO, May 16.— Weather clear,
track fair a{ Lakeside to-day. Results:
Four and a half furloror!. Bonnie Ilallle won,
Ti>n!tary fpwnd, Tenny Belle third. Time. :55.
Mlii« Gold Fox won. WaJkenahaw second.
Carl'joo third. Time. 1:42. J
Ft;ur tad a ball furlonps, Hammond stake,
Garry ]?«>rnian won. Money second, Possart
third. Time. S5!4.
Five furlongs. May Beach won, Hermoso
Behind, Hen Ledi third. Time. 1:01.
Mile and a quarter, falling:. OwenFboro wen,
SJirrosecr-e second. Sehneli Laufer third. Time,
Mile, selilng. IjH Prln'-efsa won, Barney F
second, Tiille V third. Time, 1:43H.
Mile. BiU» l^ick won, l'reftar second. Hub
Prather third. Time, lM\k.
PIRATES BEAT QUAKERS.
Heavy Batting Checks Philadelphia's
Winning Streak.
| STANDING OF THE CLUBP.
CUbs— V.\ L. TVt. ! Hubs— XV. L. Pet.
rhilt'i^Irhi.i.H « .70". Cincinnati .. # 11 .450
rr«ik!\-n ...34 S .€S« Pt. Liuls.... » 11 .450
Ptttsburt; 13 & jailVe^r York 6 14 .3<<9
t"hicaex> II 1G ' .oCT. Boston 5- 14 .253
PITTSKURG. May J5.-The Philadelrhla's
wlr.nSrs: Ftreak was checked to-daj* by Pltts
bura: huttir.e out a -victory. Fast work by the
visitors In the fi>ld saved r>onohue a severe
drubbi^sr. Atter-.danee, **¦<*>. Boore:
Hubs— R. H. E.
Plttsbur? 6 14 2
FhUaOelpnU I 10 4
Batteries— PhiMprI arid ZImmer: Donohue and
I>ouilas. Umpire. Latham.
CHICAGO, May 16.— Boston and Chlcaro met
tor the firFt time this reason to-day, the locals
vlnclnjr by a shade the better play. Attend
a«ce. :>Z0. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago J 12 2
Bonon 4 11 i
Batteries— Callafcan and Donahue; Willis and
Clarke. Cmptre, O'Daj-.
HT. LOUIS, May 16.— The Xew Torks ont
tattPd St. Louis to-fiay, tsut they lost their
licsdis on the ba«s. In the sixth Inning they
male four hit*, but fai'.pi to ret a man across
the r'.&te. Attendance. S70. Score:
Cluhs— R. H. R
€t. Lou's 7 t 2
»w York .„ « 14 7
Eatterles— Toung, Thomas and Robinson; Do
teny ar.d \Varr«?r. Umpire, Swartwood.
CTHCOsSATL. May 16.— A mofifed fly ball by
Beckl*^- after two hands were cot gav« Brook
lyn thrre runs In the third Inning to-day. Cor
corar.'e error pave them another in the seventh.
Jlrelter.stpln pitched a pood game. McGlnnlty
was hit hard throunhout, but kept them scat
tered. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
-Cincinnati . 5 IS 4
Brooklyn 8 12 1
Batter!**— BreU*n*teln and PeStz; McGlnnlty
etnd Farrell. Umpire, Kmsl>.
American X«eagne Games.
IXDIAXAPOLIS, May 1€. —Indianapolis, U;
Kansas r"ity, 10. • .
DUFFAIvO, May 16.— Buffalo. 4; Milwaukee.
10.
CLEVELAND. May 16.— Clereland. 7; Mlnne
epollf, if.
DiTl'IiOIT. May 16.— Detroit, 4; Chicago, 7.
Yellow Tail to Be Pitted
Against Turf Stars in
the Inaugural.
RACE MEETING
OPENS AT ST.
LOUIS TO-DAY
JUDGE REILLY'S
PLOUGHBOY WINS
MIDWEEK STAKE
Course.
Defeats Agamemnon in a
Two-Minute Deciding
This Week's Stakes.
Qne hundred and sixty greyhounds are
entered for two stakes at tTrilon Park this
week. The draw last night resulted a3
follows:
Puppy stake. 4S docs— H. O. Nlcholl's Lyon
ei>F<? v». J. Learmonth's Wee Waves; D. Dil
lon's Independence vs. Chiarinl Bros." Ranee;
J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prince vs. Al Austin's
Nora lawrfnce; J. Carroll's Erin's Hooe vs.
D. Dillon's Jolly Rover; J. P. Thrift's Thought
less Beauty vs. Curtis & Son'a Anchor; C. O.
Peterson's Silver- Cloud vs. Curtis & Son's
Shadow; R. F. Davis' Lady Godlva vs.' Chia
rinl Hros." Palmyra,; H. Lynch's Gamecock vs.
Walsh & Hunan's Gratton; Muller & McCaj
thy'R BrentwooU Belle vs. Wi Deianey'a Ori
ole; Hurley & O'Neill's Dart vs. J. P. Thrift's
The Jester: J. Gibson's Esa (formerly Run
away) vs. T. J. Cronln's Daisy Dale; Hurley
& O'Neill's Javelin vs. J. Williams' California;
I>. Roach's B«*Ub of Shan-Ion vs. P. J. Rellly's
Moonbrisrht; F. Schou's Smuggler vs. George
Macdoucall'B Wilhelmina; Captain Clarkson's
Headwater vs. \V. C. Badger 1 * Alameda Lad;
J. P. Thrift's Tar Hill vs. W. J. Leqnard's
Daylight; George Lahusen's Fireside vs. J.
O'Donnell's Hoodlum; D. Dillon's Challenger
vs. II. Lynch's Clalrhourne; J. Sutton's Glen
Anne vs. Bartels Bros.' Best Bareain; F.
lawyer's General lygan vs. It. L Taylor's
Bald Head; P. MeCabe's Rlfielte vs. P.
O'Dowd's Cascade; "Walsh & Hunan's Del Paso
vg. J. Maher's Emma M; J. F. Cole's Mirabllla
vs. J. P. Thrift's Tired Out; J. IX Sawyer's
Captain Evans vs. Bartels Bros.' Betsey Bar
row.
Open stake, 112 dogs— II. Lynch'n Lexington
vs. J. Watkins" Gladiator; J. J. Edmonds' Go
On vs. J. Sutton's Master Lawrence; Aeneld
Kennels' Athena v*."J. M. Halton's Lavender;
R. EL de B. Lnpei'e Minnie Wa Wa vs. J. R.
Smith's Petronlus; Captain Cane's Master Dav
enport vs. T. Logan's Leah; M. OXelll's Pat
lieilly vs. Georee Whitney's Theron; 8terl &
Knowle*' O'Hara vs. Curtis & rkm's Cavalier;
It. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot vs. W. KeUer's
Partlme: J. Carroll's Auckland vs. G. Shar
man's Wait a Bit; Erwin & Lyon's Silver
Wings vs. Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer; J.
Moriarlty's Klttleman vg. D. Winders' Risky
Attempt; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle vs. Sterl &
Knowles Frosty Morn; Bartels Bros. 1 Baron
Blood vs. Curtis & Son's Flying Fox; J. R.
Smith's Jennie Wilson vs. George MacdougaJl's
Spinflle; Russell.. Allen & Wllspn's Chicago Boy
vs. Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lyon; J. Morlarlty's
Snapper Garrison vs. Curtis & Son's Luxor;
R E. <Je B. Lopez's Sara vs. Pasha Kennels'
Round About; Erwin & Lyon's May Queen vs.
Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured: Curtis & Son's
Cash vs A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty; J.
Martenet's Sally Brass vs. RUBtell. Allen &
Wilson's lAdy Emma; J. J. Edmonds Morn
ing Glory vs. R. C de B. Lopez's Crawford
Lass- H. Lynch's Lottie M vs. Curtis & Son's
Old Glory: M. Dunlea's Erin vs. J. Martinet's
Slim- G Abercromble's Rock Island King vs.
D E Wiley's High Born L«dy; T. J.
Cronin'* Thornhlll vs. Captain Cane's Miss
Penman; E. M. KelloWe Iowa Boy vs.
J tfDowd's Bhootover: J. Hurley's Shy
lock Boy vr. J- J- Ross's J L R;
r A McComb's Motto vs. Al Austin's Thorn
dale-' D Sheehan's Galtee vs. Sterl & KnowleH*
For Glory; G. Pharman's Walt a Little vs. P.
J Reilly*e Royal Union; T. Sullivan's Castle
Island Boy vs. T. J. Cronin's Maid of Ball;
Captain Cane's Greenhall vs. P. ; McCabe's
Boney Boy; J. Martenet's Bill Foster vs. J.
Carroll's Red Hind: N. P. Whiting's St. An
thony vs. Curtis & Son's Blackette; R, L. Tay
lor's Winning Lassie vb. T. Logan's Miss Orlz
sle- RuFsell, Allen & Wilson's Julius Caesar
nu J. Anthony's Patriot: J. P. Thrift's Brutus
vs. Curtis & Son's Candelarla: Curtis & Son's
McKinley vs. A. Vanderwhlte's Lear King;
G. Sharman's Bowery Boy vs. E. M. Kellojrg's
Kid McCoy: Curtis & Son's Commodore vb. E.
M. KellogK*s Ben's Babe; A. Vanderwhlte's
Master Gordon vs. J. P.; Thrift's Forget; Gus
Abercromble's Rock Island Boy vs. J.- Hurley's
O K Capitol; R. E. de B. Lopez's Carmenclta
vs. T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill; P. J. Heilly's
Grafter vb. W. C. Glasson's Sielghbelis; E.
Geary's Ireland vs, Curtis & Son's Beacon; P.
Dingle's Cash In vs. Curtis & Son's Narcissus;
J. Carroll's Blue Stone vb. T. J. Cronln's' Rose
of Tralee; Traynor & Sullivan's My Selection
(Imp.) vs. F. A. McComb's One Spot; J. Sut
ton's Mayflower vs, H. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo;
J. Hurley's Hurricane va.. Qus •Abercrombie's
Victor King; Pasha Kennels' Metallic vs. M.
Welch's iUrjr Jane; 'Walsh &, Hunan. 1 n iSacrn-
Judge P. J. Rellly's Imported greyhound
Ploughboy won the deciding course In the
midweek stake at Union Coursing Park
yesterday from Aeneid kennels' Agamem
non after one of the sensational courses
of the year. The hare was a flyer, taking
the two fast dogs nearly across the field
before Agamemnon secured the first turn.
He ran up a score of eight points to ono,
when the hare turned back from the es
capes and headed for the point where he
had been given his liberty. Ploughboy's
superior condition began to tell at this
point and he took possession. The dogs
ran one minute and nfty-el&ht seconds be
fore they killed Just by the slipper's stand,
the 6core then being 17 to 12 in favor of
Ploughboy. Agamemnon ruled favorite at
odds of 2 to 1 in the betting.
In the seml-linaJs he met Thornhlll, the
stake favorite. Thornhlll did not try,
Agamemnon showing all the speed.
Three favorites, all at odds of 4 to 1,
were bowled over in succession In the
second round. Mira Monte beat O. K.
Capitol, Maid of Ball beat Los Angeles
and Jennie Wilson beat Reannex. Je-nnib
Wilson also beat Slim 2 to 1, Ploughboy
beat Hock Island King 5 to 3, Flying Crest
beat Moonbright ana Round About beat
Uadiwist 5 to 2, and Hard Lines beat Win
ning Lassie 5 to L
Hurricane and Shylock Boy, from the
kennels of James Hurley, had the longest
course of the day, running two minutes
and ten seconds. The dogs were all of a
better class than are usually seen at mid
week meetings and attracted a large at
tendance. The detailed results, with
Judge John Grace's official ecores, follow:
J. Anthony's Patriot beat T. Henry's Menlo
Maid. 7—O; F. Herrings St. Elmo beat N. P.
Whiting's Wadena. »— 2; J. Keenan'a Mira
Monte beat D. Shannon's Safeguard, 6—1; J.
Hurley's O K Capitol beat R. E. de B. Lopezes
Para, 4-2; T. J. Cronln's Maid of Ball beat J.
Keenan's Royal Oak. 6—0; Al Austin's Los An-
Rele* beat George I.ahustn's Firefly, 8—0; B.
Stiver's Reannei beat P. McCabe's Boney Boy,
s—1; J. It. Smith's Jennie Wilson beat J. llar
tenefs Slim. 6—0; Captain Cane's Master Dav
enport beat Bterl & Knowles" O'Hara, 6—3;
R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie Wa Wa beat J.
ilartenet's Sally Brass, 6—0; Erwin & Lyons' ¦
Silver Lyon be»t C. O. Peterson's Sliver. Cloud, j
3—2; P. J. Rellly-s PlouKhboy beat Gus Aber- j
croititie's Rock Island Hoy, 5-4; Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead beat T. Logan's Leah, I
I 4—2; Condrey Ac Rought's Flying Crest beat P. j
J. Reillj-s Moonlight. 8—6; Pasha Kennels' I
Round About beat A. Ma*sey*s Hadlwlst. 4 — 0; j
M. H. Kavanaugh's Hard Lines beat R, L.
Taylors Winning Lassie. 7—6; Curtis & Son's |
Cash beat Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin, *— 2;
Sullivan & Traynor's Castle Island Boy beat |
Sterl &. Knowles' Frosty Morn, 6—0; J. Dean's I
Brilllantine beat Connell Bros.' Dunmore, k — 0;
T. J. Cronln's Ro*e of Tralee beat Condrey &
' Rouphfs Nellie R, 8—1; Aeneld Kennels-
Athena beat J. Cirroll's Bluestone. 4—3; T.
J. Cronln's Thornhlll beat Condrey & Rought's
Tea Shine. 6—2; J. Hurley's Shylock Boy beat
J. Hurley's Hurricane, 16—12; G. Abercrom
ble'e Miss Richmond beat J. Konnintr's Demp
sey Lavs. 4—2: A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty
btat Al Austin's Thorndale. S— X; J. Carroll's
Red Hind beat C. Wiley's Alameda Lad,
12—1; A. Johnson's Bald Eagle beat P. Rellly's
Beauty Rose, 6—2; I). Winders' Random Aim
beat.Hterl A Knowles' Ollta. 6—2; J. R. Smith's
P«*tronius beat Condrey & Rought's Royal
Lady. 6 — 4: Aeneid Kennels' Aframemnon beat
J. Dean's Belle of Anderson, 4—2.
Second round— Patriot beat St. Elmo, 3—1;
Mira Mont* beat O K Capitol, 3-2; Maid of
Hail beat Los Angelee. 5—1; Jennie Wilson
1'ciit Reannex, 10 — S; Minnie Wa Wa beat Mas
ter l>avenport. 5 — 2; Ploutfhboy beat Silver
Lyon. 6 — 4; May He-mpstead beat Flying Crest,
6—0; Round About beat Hard Lines, 12—2; Cas
tle Island Boy beat Cash, 4—2; Thornhlll beat
Atber.a, 6—2; Mist Richmond beat Shylock Boy,
fp — 4; Ked Hind beat Mountain Beauty, • 6 — 3;
Random Aim beat Bald Eagle, 5 — 2; Agamem
non beat P«tronlus, 4—0.
Third round— Patriot beat Mira Monte, 4—2;
Jennie Wilson beat Maid of Ball, 4—1; Plough
boy beat Minnie Wa Wa, 7—1; Oaetle Island
Boy beat May Hempstead, 5—0; Round About.
beat Rose of Tralee, 4—0; Thornhill beat Miss
Richmond, 5 — 0; Random Aim beat Red Hind,
8 — 2; Agamemnon, a bye.
Fourth round— Patriot beat Jennie 'Wilson,
7—6; Ploughboy beat Round About, 4—2; Thorn
"hlll beat Castle Island Boy, 13—4; Agamemnon
beat Random Aim. 3 — I.
Fifth njund — Ploughboy beat Patriot, 4—2;
Agamemnon • l>eat Thornhlll. 3 — 2.
Deciding course — P. J. Rellly's Plougrhboy
(Haydon-Sabrlna) beat Aeneld Kennels' Aga
memnon (Emin Pasha-Van Cloie).
Russell, Allen & Wilson, composing one
of the noted coursing- firms of America,
were Interested spectators yesterday at
Union Park.
ThornhUl, Although Picked aa the
Stake Favorite, Refuses to Try
. in the Semi-Pinal
Bound.
men to Boy vs. Aeneld Kennels' Maid of Erin:
Bartels Bro.'s Beer Brewer vs. O. Maedougall's
Dandaloo; Gus Abercromble's Miss Richmond
vs. J. It. Smith's Ma&lc; Pasha Kennels' May
Hempstead vs. P. J. Olmar's Star; J. Smith's
Master Workman, vs. F. Herrln's St. Elmo.
THE SAN ;¦ -FRANCISCO, CALI,, THURSDAY, MAY 17, 1900.
Two Candidates for the Kentucky
Oaks Show Up Poorly in
Equine Contests at
Louisville.
4
/^ Gibbon's Dispensary,
fai a JBC* l n . ' * 3 '* 'I 1 " tho treatment of frl vate
UflXft-iSSf 8 . LiOstManhornL Debility or
"^•wSSj^Pg 1 ! dlwasevjearlngron bodynnd mlndanrt
W%M Sltln Wnfiaees. 'Ihetlociorcureawheii
iSaMMnthtrafall. Try him. Charger low
« tir«»«Q:nnrrkn»^e<. Cullorwrltft
Or. J, t\ ulliliu.>,itox 1937. San Craaclaca
To CHICAGO
This is the quickest running: and most
luxurious train across the continent. '
COKSECTINO T»A1K LhAVF.9 SAN Fb ANCISCOt
* P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
H.n in lime to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Ireaves San Francisco at 5:30
EXPRESS ¦ ¦ P- «• "with Palace and Tourist
DAILY £L rs for Kan6 » 8 O»y» St. Louis,
uailt Chicafrb and East
I^>cal trains between Stockton, VALLEY
» r ?5°\ Hanf °rd, Visalla, Tnlare Dn)in
and Bakersfield. __ ROAO
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 628
'fRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Mala
¦OIITHKRN l*ACiri(1 C«HriRT.
(rAoiria htstbm.)
Trains l«»(« anil m-r tint) to nrrlf* »••
MAN rilANCINt'O.
. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leatk — From Mat 13. 1900. — akkits,
*7i00a Beiilcia, Huliun, Elmire, Vaculllo,
Rumacjr ami Uacramentn *7l4Sr
*7>OOa. Shut* Exorees— D»tU, Williams (for
Bartlett Sprinn), Willowa, Ked
Bluff. Portland. •7i«5»
•7i8O» Uartitica. rjau UamoB. Vallejo. Nspa,
CalUtPga. and HanU Ko«a *0il9p
*flzOOA D»t la. WcodlsLiid. KnlfhU Lsodiog,
Mam'ille. oroiille... *7if3p
•HiOOa Atlantic Kxpreu-Ogdeu and Kaat *11i4Ba
«»iH<»a Ran Jon, I.ineroiuir, Utncktun.
lone, Haerameiito. Plaerrville,
M»rj»f Ille, Cblea, Knl ISInff...... *4>lftr
•NiSOa OakdalP, Chinese (for Yoaemlte),
8oiior», Carters ••l:13r
•»:«0a Harwartlt, Niln »nd Way HUtlont. *l lt«3.
•U:O«A Los Angola* Kipreaa — Martinet,
. , Tr»cr, Lalhroi), Mtocktoa. Mcrceo
nud Fresno 'titSr
•»!»•* VallrJ,., Mitrttaex aud Way SUtions ¦S)i4>lp
•10:00* The Orerlaud Limited— Ogden, Den-
icr, Omaha. Chioigo.. VttlOr
¦IliOOa Nllea, Liiermore, Htooktcs. Bacra-
men to. Mendota. tlatiford, Vlsalla,
rorterfllle...;.. i •4»l»r
•I'JiOAh Howards, Ntlea »nd Way Station!. •2i45r
fl:O«r «atr»monto lt|>er Slemnrri 13:OUa
*:tiOOp Wayward*. Nilra and Way Station*, > 5l40p
*4:OUr Mattltiex, Hau Kauion, Vallejo,
N»l>a. Callatoia, Santa Uvia *Wil5a
•*it>»p Bctilcia, V.'loters, fla*raiaers)o.
WooillaiKl. KoiuliU I.nndhTf.
M«ry«TillF, Oiiifili. "IO:«9»
MiSOr Nile*, Han Joae and Stockton ¦7tinp
•StOOpTU* Owl Uraited-Tracr, Fresno.
BakertSeld. Hang\ti fur Haute Bar-
bara, L(»8 Amele*...'. 'tiJO*
•SiOOr Fretuo Paaeanger— Marttnes, Lath,
roy, 8lockt<>D, Merce<1, Berenda
(lUjmuod for Yoaemitt:), Krrano. . 'ISiISp
•»«»»p New Mratu Expresa-Hakeratleld,
Uauta Barbara, 1a» Aniflts, Dam.
lug. El Paso, New Orleans and '
Eaat.... •¦i«Sa
•5iB«r Mania Va lUute— Atlanlla Kxprtss
fur Mn|»g mil Kiut *«t4ltr
¦«i«ur IUi««nl>, NIIm tnd Htn'Jm "7.4a*
1*tO«r Vallejo *l2tl5p
•Us tor Oriental Mail-Ofden. Ottejeoas,
Omaha, Chicago •lltOa
••lOOrOdeuul M&ll-OgdiD, Deofer.
Omaha. Chicago MtlSp
J7i«Or Vallejo. Port «:<>«ta aud Way 8U-
tlooa t*>a»r
•¦lOSr Oreiou ami C'alKoriila ICxprnaii.Nao.
. runieiito, Mar|n«illr, IteiMiikv,
I'M.tlmi.l, 1'ngtt .Sniiinl ami Kant '»iirt*
COAST IIITIKKI.N (NiiriiiiT (<h»kp).
- (Foot ot Hnrkot .Street. >
(7140a HanU Cruz Excursion for Hnnta .
Crux and l'rlncipal Way Stations }9>05r
*St1l)l Newark, t.Vntfrillle.Han .)(>««, Krlton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Ornx and Way
HUtloim ••6ia<»p
tSil.tr Newark, Outrrrlllo. Ban Joae, New
A 1 until cu, Knltnii, lluuMer Creek,
Sauta Crus arj<l l'rinclpal Way
SUtiuHg ,"..,.... |l»ia»A
Mil»p Newark. Han Jose, LosGatos 'S^O*
aiilgp OlenwoCMJ. Felton, HanU Cruz...... «8ia«A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
tnmU* r»JKCIS(J'J_Fo.t at Mirlid JUitt (Slia »)—
•7:15 0:00 U.OOa.M. 11:00 *3:00 13:00
?1:00 15:00 •6:00r.M.
»r»ra UKUKI— r«el «r lruiw«>.— *<l:00 8:00 10:004.U.
t!2:C3 »1:CQ ta:03 *3i00 H03 '8:00r.u.
COAST IMVIKION (Mroail 4Jnn(r«).
(TblrJ mid Totrngciul Si».)
t«il«A Ocoaii Vi«w, Mouth Han Krauclseo.. JOtBOp
t7i«»A Hau .losn and Way SUtloim (New -
AIiiihiIbii \Ve.lne»«la,a only) *ll8Op
)7iK«4 SumUy Excursion (or Sao Jose.
8*ut* Cruz. Pacific GroTa and
Principal Way Statioua tSi33p
•wiOOaHaii .)¦«<*. Trea Thing, H»"U Crux,
ravine. (irii»». Tain lloblet, : Man
I, uls Olilnpo, Hnrf, Lompoo aud
I'rlnoliial War HUtlmis '. *4tlOr
•Iiiuoa fi»,, J uae and Way Htatlona *XtK.?A
•lltUOA HitnJiuiu.LoaOatnaitiiilWayHUtloiia *a>:iup
fat4.tr Han Matcu, KetlwooJ, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. HanU Clara, San Joso.
Tres PJnos, Santa Cruz, Salioas,
Muutareyand Pacific (3ru»e (IftiHIi*
tHtnor Han Jo«e ami War Stations *7tai»r
<4: 1 5r fun Ji.aei.i..l Principal Way stations *»!««
t-tioopflan Joa«. Lo* Qatoa aud Principal
Way Stations , 1»t««A
>3:3Or Sum .lose ami Priuclna! Way Station! t a :» r >«
»«::i»r fiiin .losr and U'aj Stations... ?•:<••»*
»ll:45r Han .lose and Way Stations »?:30p
A for Morning " P for Afternoon.
¦Daily. t HmMay eieepted. 1 Uunday only.
¦ Saturday only. .
• Batnrday and Sunday, c Sunday and Monday. ¦ '-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalltp F«rry.
Commencing April 2), 1908.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAXJUBtT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:00. -8:30, 9:30, 11:00 a, m.1
12:45, 'lUi, «:15. 4:16. •6:1!., 6:15, (:40 p. ra
EXTRA TRIP8-For Mill Valley and Baa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 3:00 and 11:35 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. »S:00, »»:00, "J^OO. U:00. U:M
a. m.; 11:46. '1:30. 2:30. •3:45. ¦ 6:00. «:00. 7:M
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. ' - •¦ •¦'..¦¦••..•..¦ . : ' .•¦
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN. FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:«5. ?«:«). 7:60, S:40, •l»:i» al
m.; l»:S0. 1:16. 8:15, »3:30. 4:30, »:30_p. m. *
- EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDATS-I:15. »8:00, »9:B0, *ll!00iu m.: Ml-W
rn.: 1:00. 2:15. '3:30, 4:30, •&:«. 6:45, 7:30. X0:38
p. m. t
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:I3. 6:48, 1:00, 8:55. 10:10 a.
m.; 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50, 6:20 p. m. ¦ "
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 end 10:10 p.: m. .
SUNDAYS— «:S5, 8:05. 10:05, 11:10 a. m.; 11:15.
1:20. 2:80, -3:45. 4:65. 6:15, 7:05. 10:S0 p. ra.
. . ' i THROUGH TRAINa
-- 7:00 a. m. week days— f-azadero and way sta-
tions. :. ' ' l - •' ¦ •-• ' ' " ¦': ." " ' ' ¦. "': " '.
3:15 p. ' m. Saturdays— Cazadero and war sta-
¦ tlons. . ¦ ..¦:".' ..¦--¦'
- ¦ 6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Folnt Rays* and way stations. ¦ -
8:00 a. m.. Sundays— Cazadero and way. sta-
. tlons. .¦.';¦¦ ¦-•¦¦'¦.- '•.¦.'-¦ - ,' ¦ -¦;¦.. . . .
.-.. 12:45 : p. tn. ' Sundays— Point Reyea aad way
atatlona. ' - • -
RAJXROAD TRAVEL.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
visit DR. JORDAN'S gheat4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
gft 10£U£i22Z:ST.tet6&»7th,S.r.fcl.|
tj The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
-»5Kte»- World. V eafcaeue* cr any contracted m
E*s ?S} d>sc»ie pe»ll<rl;c«*d by the olcleit T
IKjaj iocooJiitcu tht Coau. EsL36yaars. 4
flS7p[A Ca.JCRDAw-paiVATE SI8EASES
f (SS^H toasiihMion free and stjvtljr private. \
I tSwa Tmtment personally or by letter. A 4
B W ntj i'on.ri** Cur«m every caieuodertmkcn. T
B| Ii/S Write for Etk.tnil.O^DI'Hl.l A
If II SSJaSiSalACE. mailed FRSH. (AW
U ti valuable book fcr mrn) ¦ \
OIL JfoilBAX & i:»., 1001 Market St., 8. F. f
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HtGHUND SPRINGS
' J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Mxrs.
, Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold M neral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. F» n « h lv ,%?-
HunUng Hornes and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO.-W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER SO MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates— $10. 112 and 114 P«r week.
Resident Physician. Advice free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
t BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IS LAKH
COUNTT.
Dancing- In Ballroom every ejenlng; Oeonre
W. Watson, Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTT.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery street.
Highland' Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland:
AHRENS. PEIN A BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
For further Information call at Traveler
office, 20 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Every day
Is a day of pleasure and relaxation
from the cares and •worries of business
and every-day exactions of city life at
| Paso Robles Hot Springs. Bath-house
225x60 feet- cost 125.000; one side for
women. Competent men and women
masseurs. Rheumatism. Dyspepsia or
Catarrh, so common near tha coast, are
Impossible here— the Hot Mineral Mud.
Sulphur and Hot .Sand Baths make
it so. Every modern convenience at
the hotel. Rates for hotel, baths and
physician. J10 to $21 a week. Write
for Illustrated booklet.
SPECIAL ROUND-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further Information apply to
FRANK W. ELY, City Agent,
. Tel. Red 233S. 640 Market St., S. V.
Otto E. Never, Proprietor, Pasa Babies, Cai.
Vendome
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to Lick Observatory, New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and flrst-class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office, a) Montgomery St., San
Francisco, or address
QEO. P. SNELL, Mgr., Ban Jose. CaL
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, Carl \ b^ P ° J f ca ;
Monterey County. Cai. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-date
accommodations: beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: swimming tank 50x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting- and flshlng". chil-
dren's playground, croqurt, lawn tennis and
dan<-e hall: lance hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing; special accommodations for families: all
Illuminated by ras. By train. Third and Town-
send streets, San Francisco, Jim.; First and
Broadway. Oakland, 8:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad then by stage over beautiful level road 7
mile* to springs- Round-trip tickets, $8. at 8.
P offlee. 613 Market street. Telephone and
Dostofflce, For Illustrated pamphlet* and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
ROWARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering- every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boating, swlmmlnr,
flshlng. tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley.
Kolf links, «ood driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San rran-
cisco 13 00. Full Information at Traveler office.
20 Montgomery st.. or B. DICKINSON, Lessee,
Ben Lomond. Cai.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendodno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of waters
navlnr continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from sprlnrs to bathtuba. Lovely
grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
J. A. REDEMETER 4 CO.. Proprietors.
GO TO
BYRON
-HOT SPRINGS.
It's. THE Sanitarium. These Wonderful
Hot Mineral Baths will cure your Rheu-
matism and Malaria. Address
A. DETTENS. Mrt.. Byron Hot Sprs., Cai.
Or Lombard & Co., City Agents, room
80. »6 Oeary st.
DB. O. C. O'DOJWELI/S MINEItAli
SPKIM1S at Glen Ellen Is the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. The
greatest remedy for luns disease, liver and
etomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in
the world: 48 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N..P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at tha
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office lKHi
Market st.. bet. Sixth and 8eventh. S. E\ If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
There Is every desired comfort
and pleasure, besides health, at
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
' J. Martens, prop., Bachelor P. O.
Leke Co.
City Office. 418 Pine st:, S. F.
INDEF»ENDENCS LMK.E
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent ' table, magnificent for-
est no poison oak. no pests. An ideal snot
for' families. See "The Traveler" for partlc-
¦ ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEMONS. Virginia «City. Nev.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.,' Pan Francisco.
Strictly Flrst-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRT, Proorletress.
BO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathlngr. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. O.. Lake County. Cai.
THE GEYSERS, J^g!
ONE OP NATURE'S WONDERS.
• Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. .Write for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMER. .Manager.
HOITT'S MENLO PARK.
The beautiful grounds and new buildings at
Hottt's School will open to guests during June
and July; good accommodations, excellent table
reasonable prices. , Address IRA G. HQITT.
MftVTFViSTA OPEN MAY .1st: tons of
DlUil 1 L 1 1 J I A fruit; help yourself; illus-
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
Flat. Cat ____^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LBSSHH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK OATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:33,
1:10. 6:10. 6:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11: to d. rn. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:69
and 11:SO 0. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 1:39,
6:00. 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAPAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-4-.10. 7:60. 9:M. 11:10 a. m.; U:4L
8:40. 8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips si
1:E5 and t-.tS n. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:10. »:40. 11:19 a. rn.; 1:40. *:«.
6:05, 6:36 p. in.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above. ,
Leave I In Bffect. { Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 15. 190O.| Ean Francisco.
Week J Sun- J I Bun- I Week
Days. | days, f Destination.! days. | Days.
f :10 am 8:00 »m Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80 pm ?:S0 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:25 am
t:10 pm 6:eO pm Banta Ron. 7:Kpm| >:t0pm
Vulton.
IJ0 am Windsor. 10:38 am
HeaJdsburs;.
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
1:10 pm S:09 am Clovsrdal*. T:tS pm 1:20 pm
T.SO ami I Hopland I 110:29 am
S:S0pm| 8:00 tm| and Uklah. ) 7:35 pm| 6:30 pm
T:M am ¦ 10:23 am
8:00 am OuernevUle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm | J i:30 pm
7: JO am 1:00 am Sonoma »:15 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pro B:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:06 pm 130 pa
T:30am| 8:00 ami (10:40 am|10:23 am
8:S0 pml 8:00 pm[ Sebagtcpol. | T:S5 pm| 6:20 pot
8ta«-«s connect at Banta Rosa for Mark West
Bprlng* and Wlitta Sulphur Bprlngs: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Oeyservllle for Skaggs Spring's: at Cloverdals
for the Qeysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland 8prlnrs. Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Bprlnsrs; at TJklah for Vichy Bprtnrs, Baratojra
Bprlng-B. Bine Lake*. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
fprtntj. Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Herley's. Bucknell's.
Banhedrin Heights, Hullvtlle. Or^s Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bran, West-
port. Usal, WHllts, Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell ! s Pp rings. Harris. OUen's, X>y«r. Scotia,
and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round trip tickets sA
reduced rates.
' On Sunday round trip tiokets to an points
freyond san Rafael at half rates.
' Ticket office*. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bid*
K. C. WHITING, R.X. RYAN.
•General Manager. O«n. Pass. Ag«st>
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis
to
New York and New England Points.
Finest through train service, with polite and
courteous employes. ~ Stop-off allowed at the
Falls. ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Agt..
Los Angeles. CaL
C. 8. CRANK, O. P. Agt..
St. Louis, Mo.
M1L1. VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY- Commencing Sunday.
April- 22. 1900. via 8ausallto Ferry. Week
days — Leave San Francisco, 9:30 a. m., 1:43
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco, 8 a. m..
9 a. m.. 10 a. m., 11 a. m., 1:30 p. m., 2:30
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market st. San Francisco. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco. 31 40.
/ ¦ ' ..->••.
PAD! QDAn MINERAL-
Un n to D/\ U springs,
Most beautiful »pot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and ' bladder affections. Accommodations Brat
class: 810 a week; llghttd by gas.
W. R. M 1 GOVERN, Kelseyvllle, Lake Co.
PLANTATION HOUSE— g2K55,™£
Btatf) line, t Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER, Seaview, Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE, 207 Front St., for particulars.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates Yt up. Send for circular. • C. H. W.
BRUNINO. Santa Rosa. Cai.
Kenilworth !nn,;Mill Valley.
: Thoroughly "Tenovated. Electric lights, bu-
llards, i lawn tennis, - croquet.'"- Strictly . flrst-
class. ., For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. Martina.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS;
UNDER NUW MANAGEMENT.' , *- i
A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda gprtags P. Q^ '[
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOR AN OUTING....
VISIT ONE OF THE MAJTT ITOfERAX.
BPRINO RESORTS AliONO THE
\
California
Northwestern
Railway Co.
lessee of SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY.
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CA1J-
FORNIA.)
Where tho Famous Mineral Waters
of tha World Are Duplicated.
If you prefer the limple home life of tM
Ranch, free from fashion's restraints, there
are many la our section from which to choose.
But If you would rather th« tent ta iomo
shady nook, near a lovely lake, or on the bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are numerous and free of charge.
Call for "VACATION," a Bttl* book Just
Issued by the Company, giving Camping Loca-
tions. Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
list of one hundred and sixty-seven Farms and
homes, where Board for tha Summer can b« se-
cured at from J3.00 to {S.0O per week.
Ticket Office, CEO Ilarket street (Chronic!*
building).
General Office, Mutual Life building. 3an-
Bome and California streets. San Francisco.
H. C. WHITING,
General Manager.
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And . . .
SodaJSprings.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In ta« midst of grand and Impress!**
mountain scenery, wtth Mount Shasta
and the Crags for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISOTNO.
Unsurpassed eclsine and service and reason*
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip. Including
sleeper both ways. 914.
'or rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: . B. B. PIXU3T. Manager.
Oar* Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Building, San Francisco.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th» waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism. Gout, Lead and MarcurUl
Poisoning. LJver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia, Dyspepsia and all Bladder aad Urinary
Complaints- • Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fiah>
ln«r. No fogs. Unequaled for health, reat and
recreation. Rates. $11 to 114 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets, a. F., 9 ».
m. and 1:15 p. m. dally. Carriages at Oilroy
fcr springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
JH Hours' Ride From Los Anreles, CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Flshlnx Tour-
nament, ausolces tha "Tuna dub."
Seventh Season of our Fanuu Marina t»-~*
The Society Resort.
The Gportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL, METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB.
Por full Information, hotel rates, onion* ar-
ransrements for camplnr and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
OEOROE "W. THOMPSON.
Or BANNINO M CO* arket '^^ FraDCl^
m South Spring st.. tog Angeles. Cat
SKAGGS B r^y G3 -4^h 0 o^
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging; paters noted for medicinal virtues-
best natural bath In State; grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at door: telephone
telearraph; datly mall and express- FIRST-
CLASS HOTKt, AND STAGE SERVICE-
morning and afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco only $3 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or S:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
m a week. References— Any ruest of th* pa»t
five years; patronave constantly Increasing;
J. F. MtTLGREW. Proprietor.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs.
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA >IT t
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. pfain
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mounuia
air. fruit and all-the-year-roun.I climate In Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surroundings- rn
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco- *13 =
week; op«n all year: send for booklet A*r1drU^
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. CaT
OPENS MAT 1st. Round Trip. 13 75. Send ft*
circulars. FREESE & JUERGEN3EN.
Proprietors. City office. 818 Larkln street.
El MONTF HftTFI Loa oatos. cai -
LL JIUillC HUlCLf Beautiful g r ou ad «
magnificent view and first-class aecommodal
tions Ure« sunny rooms. Special rates to
&Tgan Fr| e n C , b s U c O . m F e a t re. eV ,!T5. train: » """
ST. HELENA SAMTARM S«S?»g
SftSUSr^i heaTth^ir 0 . 1 ,
fully equipped sanitarium. Carrtase n ». \n
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular Trfrni
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St! Hefen^^L
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive pu M j a Lgj,, Couaty to
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing bowl*
«f« t hTO'. UVery> ° eW WaIk » Write Tor
circular to • H WAirBOLJ >,
Lanrel Dell. La k » County. Cai.
ti Ti^W^ *-* Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco $32. For further InformaUon call
°r vf dr £"! WM^ J " WHITE. General Agent,
CO Market St.. 3. T.; telephone Mala 5lH.
Bl 0/ TOCALOMA, "JJ"
BERTRAND HOTEL-Flrst-class accommo-
aauons; reasonable rates: for familes and par-
ties; fishing, bathing, beatutlful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahl'*
shoe store. Cl Kearny st.. S. F.
aANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch. nv»
miles from Santa Crua: dellshtful summer
nome in redwoods;* running water: abundanca
i!? 1 Jir> cood t*** 1 *: terms »5 50 week- Address .
W. CRANDELU Banta Cni», CaL • \
GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings:
comfortable rooms: good table: convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN, Gl«n Ellen. Cai.
"The American Porter"
e c h°i ce st of brews,
mellow and pleasing,
has met with instant
¦^¦yF\>*Pv criminating public. It
is superior to the best imported; pro-
ducts. Its high ; quality is assured by
the fact that it is the product of the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.,
Brewers of the Original Budweiser^Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-
Standard, Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Exquisite and Malt-Nutrine.
RATLBOAD TRAVEL.
"^^ MOST SC^WSpy PIS
¦MagNI^' c JhsAmerica. twin
Pullman Palace rjUI rnn , nipnn - DENVER-OMAHA wiTHm'iT Wrara-
SLEEPING D\R5 T0 AND CHICAGO CHANGE.
RlO tlPANDF IS THE 0N % LY TRANSCONTINENTAL LINE WSSING I/Mm
IHEiif ¦ • ClVi ft# D1RECTL Y THROUGH SALT LAKE CITY, B/fffM
WCSTERN Bfl.LEADVILLE, COLORADO SPRINGS Bf/$tl$k
II"""^ m ~"**""il • IrliiilSS Sts\
Fen Pates, descf?/&t/i/£ mattep? zrc. inquire of g|sM£ll|gw
ULU.VV.nC.ln I £-, enc At r n r .. y^jwa
GeniPau.> fyt. 62} MARKET Jr.. Pdhct Mote/,
6ALT LAKECITV. S/l/V f r f?ASfC/S CO. fS*
1 PRESCRIPT MO NJ
Mrs. M. F. Long, of I<e Loup,
Franklin Co., Kans., writes: "Words
cannot express how grateful I am for
your kind advice and good medi-
cines. I have been in poor health
more or less all my life.' In the past
nine years grew worse, and two years
ago I was so poorly could hardly drag
around. I consulted a specialist, and
he said I had ulceration and that an
operation would have , u to be per-
formed. This did not seem necessary
to me, so time went by, and at last
/ wrote to Dr. Pierce asking adzrice.
I soon got a helpful answer advising
me to try his medicines, the ' Favor-
ite Prescription,' 'Golaen Medical
Discovery,' and also his 'Pleasant
Pellets.' I began taking 'Favorite
Prescription' and the other med-
icines as advised. When pommenc-
ing I weighed 119^ pounds, and af-
ter taking one bottle of each I felt
like a new woman. In one month I
gained 8 pounds; After taking two
bottles of each of the pedicines,
I began to look like a woman and not
like a skeleton, and that weary tired
feeling all left me."
BYLETTER WITH
PR.R.V.P8ERCE JThe prettier the girl the longer It takes
a young man to teach her how to skate.
THE GRAMMAR SCHOOL
BASEBALL TOURNAMENT
Final Game Will Be Played Next
Tuesday — Contests Scheduled
for To-Day.
The prammar school baseball tourna
ment for the benefit of the Teachers' An
nuity Association fund la meeting with
considerable success. The final game of
the tourr.ament v.'lll be played on the
Eixtr-emh-street grounds next Tuesday
rtA Vandf rlyn £tow. president of the Bo
hemian Club, will be the umpire. The
pases scheduled tor to-day are as fol-
Iowb:
Sixteenth-street grounds— Franklin vs.
John Swott: Hamilton vs. Hearst*. Ham
ilton vs. Lincoln: Horace Mann vs. Pacific
[leisrhts: James Lick vs. Mission. The
carm-s vli; begin at 10. 11, 12. 2 and 3
o'clock respectively.
Eighth-street Grounds — Crocker vs.
James Lick, at 9 a. m. The standing of
the clubs Is as follows:
James McLaughlin's. Will.
The will ot James McLaughlln. who
di«<5 May m, leaving an estate valued at
f73,O(K>. was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeathed improved property
on Po^t Ftrr-et. near Flllmore. to his son.
John H. McLaughlin. and a life estate in
the residue to his widow, Mrs. Margaret
UcLaughlin.
Fell From His Wagon.
Henry Hammcrdan. a teamster, fell
from his wazon on Howard street yester
day afternoon and sustained an extended
lacerated wound cf the scalp. He was
u tiled at the Receiving Hospital.
Another protest was filed j-esterday with
the Board of Supervisors by D. Roth of
201 California street against the recom
mendation of the Judiciary Committee
limiting the height of fences for adver
tising purposes to twenty feet. Mr. Roth
saye he has for vears been a victim of
these fences and has suffered much from
depreciation cf property values because
of them. He continues:
These fences are certainly an unsightly dis
grace. They seriously mar the beauty of our
city fl-nd make It a laughing-stock for visitors.
It S» •• shame that owners vrho will cot Im
prove their projjerty thould be allowed for a
mere r>ittance which they receive from adver
tisers to continue this outrage, and It Is a
great Injustice when they are eermitted to do
bo to the injury of adjacent improved residence
property.
Phculd any cf the members of your honorable
body wish to verify this I would deem It a favor
If they would visit the corner cf Hayes and
Baker rtreets. There not only are these etruc
turf-s a detriment to improved property but
they are an eyesore to any observing person,
for they not only hide from, view but also
ruin the approach to the main entrance of
Golden Oate Park, which should be the pride
cf Fan Francisco.
I knew that In European and la some East
ern cities these advertising fences are not tol
erated at all. and If they raurt be allowed here
they certainly should be limited to a height, of
ten feet.
Advertising Billboards.
Another Strong Protest Filed With
Supervisors Against Unsightly
WANTS FENCES TO BE
ONLY TEN FEET HIGH
SANTA ANA, May 16.— The bicycle
races here this afternoon at the fair
grounds drew a large crowd. Peach of
Corona rode five miles, paced by a motor-
Good Cycle Races.
The Kobe Herald says ¦ there were four
cases of the disease In Osaki during April,
all proving fatal. Plague germs were
positively located in the blood of the vic
tims. There is grave apprehension that
the pest may spread at this time, the be
ginning of the wet, warm season, when
climatic conditions will be specially fa
vorable to the cultivation of the bacilli.
The Nippon states that no fewer than
eleven persons died from the pe<t last
month, that their remains were cremated
and their property disinfected, but that
the public was carefully kept in Ignorance
of the renewal of the plague.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 16.-The
steamer Empress of India brings the un
welcome news that the plague has again
broken out in Japan, this time In Osaki.
Four Fatal Cases of tne Dread Disease
Reported in Osaki and More
May Be Found.
PLAGUE BREAKS OUT
AFRESH IN JAPAN
YOUNG CHINESE
WINS A DEGREE
AS A PHYSICIAN
College.
Law Keem Gains Attention
at California Medical
Law Keem, a bright young Chinese stu
dent in medicine receiving his degree, was
the star of the commencement exercises
of the California Medical College held last
evening at Metropolitan Hall.
Fourteen other graduates, men and wo
men, in scholastic gowns and mortar
boards, became doctors of medicine, while
a large audience heard the entertaining
programme which had been arranged In
honor of the occasion.
On one fide of the flower-banked plat
form were massed the graduates. On the
opposite side were assembled tho mem
bers of the faculty, headed by the dean
Dr. Daniel Maclean. Professor J M
Mitchell, as master of ceremonies, ofli
ciated. The opening number was a piano
solo by Mrs. S. P. Elurr.enberg. Rev
Benjamin Fay Mills, pastor of the First
Unitarian Church of Oakland, delivered
an invocation. Mrs. L. a. Larsen gave a
cornet solo, "The Holy City." After the
conferring of degrees by President Mac
lean, Katherine Krleg sang a . selected
solo.
Samuel M. Shortridge delivered an ad
dress, the theme of which was the value
of education and the position of the phy
sician as a student of mankind to alle
viate suffering and to ease the burdens
of humanity.
Mrs. Larsen favored the audience with
another cornet number and the exercises
were closed with the benediction by Rev.
Mr. Mills.
The graduating class is as follows: S.
P. Blumenberg. Edward H. Byron, Harry
B. Crocker, Katherine Duff, Frank S.
Dobs, Max J. Gerdes, Vera Hamilton,
Charles B. Waller, William H. Horslev,
Law Kecm, F. J. Petersen, George G
Relnle, John A. RIley, William C. Ship
ley. Samuel H. Weitman.
The members of the faculty prese'nt
were: Dr. Daniel Maclean, Dr. J. M
Mitchell, Dr. W. E. Church, Dr. J. p'
Schmltz, Dr. G. G. Gear, Dr. J. W. Ham
ilton, Dr. Frank Cornell, M. C. Hassett
professor of jurisprudence; Dr. M H
Logan. Dr. A. S. Scott. Dr. W. A. Wllcox'
Dr. W. A. Harvey. Dr. Charles Clark
Dr. II. W. Hunsaker, Dr. S. Schmidelf
Dr. J. M. Miller. Dr. R. A. Buchanan. '
Law Keem completed his four years*
course under the patronage of the
Seventh Day Adventists, his earlier train-
Ing having been given him at the Ad
ventists' college of Healdsburg.
MANY DOUBTFUL
LOANS MADE BY
LIVERMORE BANK
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 .Broadway, May 16.
During the trial of the Varney case to
day the report of the expert, who was
commissioned to examine the books of the
Bank of Llvermore after the death of
Cashier Pitcher, was presented in evi
dence. The principal Item of interest in
the report was a statement that doubtful
loans aggregating about $20,000 had been
made as the result of the bank being com
pelled to bid in property on foreclosure
proceedings.
Charles K. Stuart, the accountant cm
ployed to expert the books, testified that
he found the value of the real property of
the bank, taken for debt, to be Jll',000 less
than the ledger account.
"If the bank were a-sked to pay Its de
positors and the amount it owes the Var
ney estate," asked Attorney Treat, "how
much would remain V"
"About S72.7C&," answered Stuart.
"If you should deduct that amount from
the $11)0,000 capital stock, how much would
"Something more than $27,000."
"Is that the depreciation of the value of
the capital stock?"
"It is."
"Besides that, are there not some unse
cured notes which you counted as good?"
"There are."
Attorney Moore here Interjected a re
mark that the greatest fallacy on earth 13
the belief that figures won't lie. In his
opinion anything could be proved by fig
ures.
Attorney "Wheeler stated that the inten
tion was to show the loss to the bank re
sulting from taking unsecured notes and
real property not worth the money loaned
on It. This shrinkage, he said, already ap
pears to amount to more than 133,000.
Assistant Cashier F. Mathieson testified
that the bank had lost $1500 on a note
given by the late G. Valensln and that it
now held an unsecured note of A. T.
Hatch for $1000. Pitcher himself, accord
ing to the witness, had frequently drawn
on the bank for money against his salary
account, but at his death was really in
debted to H for only $20.
The case was continued until to-morrow
morning at 9:30 o'clock.
ated in Value.
The Expert's Report Shows
fctock to Have Depreci-
cycle, in 11:53. Flood won the five mile
handicap In 14:05, and the "Terrible
Swede" defeated SSnovers Floraclta In 9:50.
NAMED SUPEBI0R JUDGE.
F. G. Ostrander Will Fill the Unex
pired Term in Merced.
Special Dlspetch to The Call.
MERCED, May 16.— F. G. Ostrantler.
District Attorney of Merced County, was
to-day appointed by Governor Gage to fill
the unexpired term of Superior Judge of
this county. The vacancy was caused by
the resignation of Judge J. K. Law, who
was uppointert attorney for th* George H.
Fanchtr estate. Mr. Ostrander has ten
dered /iis resignation as District Attorney,
tr.e resignation to take effect at 12 m.
to-morrow, and it is believed that the
Board of Supervisors, who are at present
insesslon, will appoint a District Attorney
before they adjourn.
Unitarians Choose Officers. i
CHICAGO. May 26.— The first rejrular
session of the Western Unitarian Confer
ence was held hore to-day. The election
of officers for the ensuing year resulted
in the re-election of Rev. XV. A. Gould
president. Rev. J. R. Kfflnger vice presi
dent and Albert Schleble secretary nnd
treasurer.
LIVE-BIBD CHAMPIONSHIP.
Hsnry Griesedieck of St. I^ouis wins
. the Lemp Trophy.
ST. LOUIS, May 16.-A feature of the
third day's championship shoot at Du
pont Park was the shoot-off of the ties
for the Lemp trophy for the handicap
amateur live-bird championship, the win
ner turning up in Henry Griesedieck of
St. Louis. The event came over from the
day before, with seven shooters, who had
killed twenty-five straight birds, entitled
to H^ioot for the medal. W. S. Allen of
Kansas City withdrew, as he was forced
to return homo, and this left six contest
ants— Sperry, Craig, Powers, Daniels,
Litidermar. and Grlesedif'ck.
-It was "miss and out." and Powers was
thf first to drop, going out on his third
bird. Daniels and Llnderman went on
their fifth birds and Craijr on his seventh,
leaving Griesedieck and Sperry to fight It
out. Sperry finally missed his thirty
seventh bird, a dark twister, which i?ot
away from his first barrel altogether and
caught only enough of the second to make
him travel faster. Griesedieck killed his
binl cleanly and the trophy was his.
Earthquake at Mexico.
CTTT OF MEXICO. May 16.— Two sharp
shock? of earthquake were experienced
here at half-past 1 o'clock this afternoon,
both from east to west. The duration of
the first was forty seconds an<l the second
twenty seconds. The shocks were also
lelt across Mexico. There waj littie dam
age reported here.
Diplomas Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"WILLOWS, May IS.— To-day the Glenn
County Board of Education granted diplo
mas of graduation from the grammar
schools of the county to the following pu
pils:
I.#n!ey Gutman. Ella Tcdt. XTabel r>e Jarlls.
Hetti* Johnsor.. Amphy Wolf, Foster Dye, Bay
Knock. I-iura Harder, Laura Dc Jarlls, Pf«rl
Thumon. Jake Btelar. Neva Arnold, Henry
Duncan. Jam«-s St.Tcchlrl. Mary West, Itosa
Oupton. r.elle Prnnham, Urucf Sale. Frnnic
¦W>#t. John Prlc*. Frank O«»n, CS^rlev A^nr,
O<»rtnide Ludy. Chr!st:aTia Jep.'cr.. Chartes Poar.
ell. Ethel Strewn. Christlar.e MI'Kk-lyea, Her
man Poeth. Mary St. Ix.ul«. James L. Silver,
Clara Morrlsey. Jessie Hightitver. Annie M.v
terson. Be*3ie Cook, K. C. H:ir~?!<w>n. Jw«!»
llasterron. Mamie SehrlcK. W. S. Car
rie Hlaz. Winnie I^rlcc. Mib-:t Sutfln. John
Button and Clifton ¦ J>w.».
, ,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
XEW TORK— Arrived May 16— Stmr Werra.
from Genoa.
SOUTHAMPTON-Arrlved May lft-Stmr N>w
Tork. from Xew York.
Major Daniel Lockwood of the Engi
neer Corps has been ordered to transfer
fcls present duties to First Lieutenant
Robert P. Johnson of the Engineer Corps
and to proceed to Et. Paul, Minn, where
he will relieve Major Frederic V. Abbot
cf the Engineer Corps, Major Abbot will
proceed to Washington for assignment to
duty in tho cfilce of the chief of engi
neers.
Captain Joseph E. Kuhn of the Engi
neer CorpB has been relieved from fur
ther duty In the office of the chief of engi
neers and has been ordered to take sta
tion at West Point for duty as Instructor
In practical military engineering and the
command of Company E, Battalion of
Engineers.
Major George W. Goethals of the Engi
neer Corps has been relieved from duty
at West Point and has been ordered to
take station at Newport, R. L, relieving
First Lieutenant Robert P. Johnson of
the Engineer Corps.
First Lieutenant Melzar C. Richards, re
tired, has been detailed as professor of
mllltarv science and tactics at the St.
John's Military School at Manlius, N. Y.
Captain Charles S. Miller of the Sec
end Infantry has been transferred from
Company H to Company I of that regi
ment.
First Lieutenant Carl F. Hartmann, U.
S. V., Signal Corps, has been ordered to
report for duty at the Signal Corps post,
Fcrt Myer, Va.
Major Charles H. "vThlpple, paymaster,
has been ordered to report to the com
manding general of the Department of
the Lakes for duty as chief paymaster of
that department, relieving Major "William
F. Tucker, paymaster.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
*'-i| -iHE charge of assault to murder
! against Mrs. Grace Addlson Vroom,
H the actress, for shooting her actor
husband, Frederic Vroom, on May 7,
because of his alleged Infidelity, was dis
missed by Judge Cabanlss yesterday
morning. Mrs. Vroom sat on a chair to
the left of the judicial bench with a
heavy veil covering her face. She eager
ly listened to the testimony of the wit
nesses, and when the Judge dismissed the
case she shook him warmly by the hand
and thanked him.
Detective Dillon testified that no one
could be found to swear to a complaint.
He had procured live witnesses, but ncre
saw the actual shooting.
W. H. Orr, Vroom'e mining partner, tes
tified that he saw Mr. and Mrs. Vroom
immediately after the shooting. She was
in a very excited condition and seemed
to be out of her mind. Vroom whispered
to him: "Tell my wife that 1 slept here
last night If I should die." Orr looked at
him in disgust.
Mrs. Vroom said she had shot him be
cause he had beaten her. He had struck
her on the face and breast. Vroom was
more concerned about himself than his
wife and paid no attention to her. Pre
vious to the day of the shooting she had
asked him as to whether her husband al
ways slept at 10 Annie street, and he
begged her not to get him mixed up In
their private affairs. Vroom had wanted
him on previous occasions to prevaricate
in his favor to Mrs. Vroom, but he re
fused. Vroom had gone to Seattle.
Dr. Charles J. Schmelz, 71 Third street,
testified that Vroom came to his office
on the afternoon of May 7. Ho said he
had received an accidental gunshot wound
In the back. It was a small wound and
when Vroom took off his shirt the bullet
dropped on the floor.
The Judpe said he did not think It was
necessary to call any more witnesses and
as no complaint had been sworn to he
¦would dismiss the case.
ROBBED OF HER
DIAMONDS BY A
CHINESE THIEF
Joe Vet. a Chinese servant In the house
of Mrs. Nellie Phinney, widow of the late
cujr Phiriney, a Seattle capitalist
and promoter of street railways. 956 Van
Ness avenue, was arrested at an early
hour yesterday morning by Policeman J.
EL Crowley end locked up In the tanks.
Several charges of grand larcency will be
bcoked against him.
About a month ago Car>tain Seymour
¦was notified by Mrs. Phinney that a val
uable diamond ring had been stolen from
a buckskin bag In which she kept her
Jewelry. Detective Dillon was detailed on
the case, and from his report the captain
suspected that some one In the house was
the thief. A few days later Mrs. Phlnney
repcrted that two more diamond rings had
***£• stolen, the three being valued at
*2wO. Dillon went again to the house and
his suspicions fell upon the Chinese ser
vant. He asked permission to question
him. but It was refused. Mrs. Phinney be
ing Indignant that any suspicion should
fall upon Joe Yet. Since then two bicy
cles, several valuable dresses, monev and
other valuables have been stolen.
Captain Seymour determined to have
the house watched and Crowley was de
tailed on that duty. About 3 o'clock ves
terday morning Crowley observed a light
In the room occupied by the Chinese and
saw him preparing to leave the house.
He waited till he came out and pounced
upon him. When searched at the City
Prison a number of pawn tickets from a
shop In Chinatown were found In his
pockets and among them were the tick
ets for the three diamond rings, which
were recovered yesterday. It is expected
that all the stolen articles will be recov
ered.
When Mrs. PhJnney was apprised of the
fact she recollected that the Chinese had
bc-en buj-lng gold watches and other jew
elry, and when asked about them he said
he had erot them cheap. For the past few
days he had been acting ug-lv and was
evidently trying to get up a row as an
excuse for leaving, and the police think
that he had decided upon flight when
Crowley caught him.
Articles in His Pos
session.
Joe Yet Arrested With a Number of
Pa-cm Tickets for the Stolen . i
Mrs. Nellie Phinney's Confi
dence Abused by Her
Servant.
GRACE ADDISON VROOM
IS GIVEN HER LIBERTY
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 17, 1900.
5
TEA1XS.
CtocIct
rYarklin
Hamilton
Hra.m
Horace Msnn....
Jarres U.k
John Swett
I^incoln
Hltr*"**
Pacific Heights...
i
Played, j TVon. I Lost. Pet.
7 « i liT
T 6 J -7U
7 4 3 -571
« 2 4 .333
6 2 4 .333
4 0 4 -000
7 S 4 -*2S
« * * -%*l
« 0 j 6 i0W
TEA1XS.
CtocIct
rYarklin
Hamilton
Hra.m
Horace Msnn....
Jarres U.k
John Swett
I^incoln
Hltr*"**
Pacific Heights...
i
Played, j TVon. I Lost. Pet.
7 « i liT
T 6 J -7U
7 4 3 -571
« 2 4 .333
6 2 4 .333
4 0 4 -000
7 S 4 -*2S
« * * -%*l
« 0 j 6 i0W
B BaMHBBBBBBBBBBflflBBBflBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBaBBB
1 DRUGS WILL NOT CURE! g
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
ISDRANCS COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1S99, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State o£ Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
C10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of CaDltal Stock paid up In
ASSETS. .
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and ' '
Bonds owned by Company Jl,li9.912 00
Cash In Banks 197,07100
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11,56100
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 160,415 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6.043 00
Policy Stamps on hand 1,406 00
Total Assets .».r^.6.410 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $181,300 00
Gross premiums on Marine and In-1
land Navigation Risks, $ :
reinsurance 100 per cent \ 144,515 00
Gross Premiums on Marine Time I
Risks, $....; reinsurance 60 per centj
All other demands against the com-
pany 67,160 00
Total Liabilities S393.375 00
INCOME. iV"
Net Caah actually received for Ma-
rine premiums $480,052 00
Received for interest and dividends
' on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 37,779 00
Total Income ,\. J517.S31 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. $331,475 00
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 42,757 12
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 8,019 RS
All other payments and expenditures 1,271 00
Total Expenditures .../ $443,523 00
Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year ...$356,7S0 00
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $74,880,740 $501,40100
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ¦. ' •
year 75,616,705 C01.061 00
Net amount In force
December 31, 1S99 7,427,650 144,915 00
J.' WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January. 1900. . W. J. SULIS.
United States Deputy Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. COMPANY;
GENEHAL AGENTS.
J B. F. DAVIS & SON,
- MANAGERS,
215 SANSOME STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone IV.
g Call on me and see the curative power of Electricity. \
¦ My Belt is hailed as the greatest blessing in the medical i
§ world, for it restores life force and cures disease. This is *|
g the best form of applying the healing current and appeals j
H to your good sense. I apply the power y in* a way which \
5 blends with your magnetism and keeps up a pleasant glow j
5 through the blood vessels and re-enforces the muscular I
¦ coats of the arteries, feeds the cells and tissues with energy |
B and builds up nerve and muscle. My method absolutely j
5 cures your RHEUMATISM, KIDNEYS, BACKACHE, |
¦ or NERVOUS WEAKNESS. I
1 Ee&d W^iS,^ .^y^ooo. f C^ or senifo.rny New Book, \
H dr. m. a. Mclaughlin: Before usin K tin:!/ Illustrated, ire?. |
51 your Electric Belt Treatment I suffered __, --¦ . nir - t trrriTTTTiT
S DR - m. a. Mclaughlin,
5 fiSr'i^ffl^tt^^S^pSS . 702 Market Si, cor. Kearny, San , |
¦ ras^rt^e^Tarr^'mmen^Jryou? FranoiBOO. j
I Belt to others. Tours truly^ plCKETT I2g West Second S f. v Los Anze!ss .
BHHBHHHlHBlSBHaBHlBBM'HBSHHlHBlMlBlBlHBBlMB
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Assurance Company of America
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
U99, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
dt Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amonnt of Capital Stock, paid up fn
Cash $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $4S0.12S VI
Cash in Banks 27.917 SJ
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3.770 S3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 33,12" 4ft
Internal Revenue Stamps 19 M
Total Assets ga>.!CS 77
LIABILITIES. J
Losses Adjusted and unpaid IT2.1J7 00
Locses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense J3.S79 00
Losses resisted Including expenses... zzo 0)
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or les«. $17S,965 70;
reinsurance 50 per cent 85,452 SS
Gros* premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $52.27t 07;
reinsurance pro rata 25.S11 37
All other demands against the com-
pany 16.77109
Total Liabilities $1S2.3S1 31
INCOME. "" ~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $157,534 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 57 jj
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 21.597 H
Received for profit on Sale of Bonds 1.074 33
' Total Income $1«>.>4.T f.
— ~
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses... $1M,121 u
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 11.452 ii
Dividends to Stockholders 24.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Urokeraxe 50.129 7?
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges fcr officers, clerks, etc 3.213 00
Patd for State. National and local
taxes e.494 (O
All other payments and expenditures . 2.913 3*
Total Expenditure* $226,311 V.
Losses Incurred during the year (B&143.31
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $34,007,222 $307.Z15 11
Net amount of Risks
expired during th?
year 2S.S73.121 r74.«M 33
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S93.... 25.125.453 231.233 77
ROBERT C. RATH BONE. President.
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this I8th
day of January. 1900. CEO. O. RUOEK,
Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5968. San Frasciseo.
ST/\T1B7V\EINT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1S99, and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State cf California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Aniov.r.t of Capital Stock, paid up in
Ca?h $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cn?h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company JlGt.CCO 00
Cash In Banks 43.SS2 22
Interest due pnd accrued on all
Stocks and Leans 2,442 75
Premiums in due Course ot Collec-
tion 42.S77 32
Internal Revenue Stamps 29 90
Due from C. T." liowring & Co..
Ltd.. Bankers S00 49
Total Assets $551.6S2 63
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $15,703 00
Lo?se* In profess of Adjustment or
in Suspense 23,344 00
Losses resisted, including: expenses.. 623 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $101,410 21:
reinsurance M per cent 80.705 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mere than one year, $42,143 70;
reinsurance pro rata 23,240 68
All other demands against tne com-
pany 20,425 83
Total Liabilities ¦ 1168.243 74
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $179.S22 84
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 37 S3
Received for interest and dividend.*
on Bonds, Stocks. Loana. and from
all other sources 16.S4S 62
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 28.831 94
Total Income $225.397 73
• EXPENDITURES. ~ ~~
Ni»t amaunt paid for Fire Losses.... $14.1.119 33
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. 1S.C66 21
Dividends to Stockholders 24.0CO 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
. Brokerage 52.402 56
Paid for Salaries, fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3.103 00
Patd for State. National and local
taxes 8.C23 20
All other payments and expenditures 2.493 05
Total Expenditures $213.209 61
Losses incurred during the year $168,331 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durlnc the
year $31.43,175 $2S9.305 70
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 28,123,281 2G3.971 10
Net amount In force
December 31. 1539.... 21.541.117 :0S,533 91
E. C. CONVERSE. President.
• H..BLEECKER n.VTHF.OME, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. thl* 26th
day of January. 1«»- GEO. O. RUOER.
Notary Public.
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
CENERAL AGENT,
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5968. San Francisco.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STAT^/VIENT
OF THE •
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1W&, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed a»
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company J25O.OOO 00
Loans on Bondit and Mortgage 1SS.00O 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,731, 334 25
Cash In Company's Office 3iO 5S
Cash In Banks 140,131 2S
Interest due and - accrued «n all
Stocks and Loans 20,961 15
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgagc-a 1.&0 S3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 262,947 87
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, Rents
due and accrued 1.315 67
Total Assets ..S2.616.S34 63
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid |116,632 63
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 63.157 00
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 1S.033 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. J979.442 61:
reinsurance 00 per cent <S9,721 M
Gross premiums on Fire Rlska run-
ning more than one year, $1,657.-
653 03; reinsurance pro rata S5S.7S3 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc ..' • • 1,315 67
All other demands against the com-
pany -. «2.»S 17
Total Liabilities ; 11.606.792 OS
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums • $1.'?5.6S3 10
Received for Interest On Bonds and ¦
McrttaBes ¦ 9.0S0 00
Receivell for Interest and I dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loana, and from
all other sources 77,:63 C2
Received for Rents 10.30S 95
.Total Income -.11.502.335 07
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $1,057, 437 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or i
Brokerage -•••• 899,819 06
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 102,761 70
Paid for State*, National and local
taxes 45.963 40
All other payments and expenditures J21.305 S8
- Total Expenditures ; ..$1,627,350 02
.<¦: Fire.
Lcses Incurred during the year...... 11.048.50 69
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. ( Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ......•.•••••••••• J193.S40.763 11,786,233 06
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year™ 190.3S8.7SS L731;S72 60
Net amount In force
December 31. 1899... - 303, 631. 705 2.637.035 70
-~~~ J. J. GUILE, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of January. 1900. . EDWIN F. CORET,
-.•...: . Commissioner for California.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents, Pacific Department,
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5968, San Francis
I Attractive Special Of/erings for Men and Boys. Big Money-Savers. f
J Return to us at once any article that is not precisely as advertised and receive your money back jj.
K cheerfully and withoui question. £
i \ SpGGi&ISate S¥3®Bi p s §%®Bf$pi® Sh&es B SgseGmlSale I
I Ot TohSkCGO* Special Sale Thursday, Friday and Saturday . /B®y&* SwltSm $
$ Thursday Otily we Offer We have purchased the entire line of Men's Sample Shoe3 from Back- For this day on y the big store 5
J* Old English Gurvo Cut-On* _- s=s ===i ingham & Hecht, the manufacturers and "\vho : esalerp, offer* to makea deduction of one- j»
a> of the choicest Pipe Tobacco?, put up j^fr !S= y at a liberal reduction from manufacturer's prices — quarter from the price of anv -2
* in curved tin boxes that fit the pocket. : XT1. 479 pairs in all. Calf, Tan Cilf, Box Calf, Vici Kid »».«• $6.00. $7.50 or $10.00 2-piece *
i %%«F*s?fnZ r iZr G ' fe A\ and Kangaroo; Lace and CongreFS stye*; all f £'«« ow Clothing^Department Ta«e. .}
g, HUG SIZO tOP IOC. fcj \ A\ ,, , & jx- r> i iIj *nin were inads hv th» ba^t manafrctnr- «
J. '/ I| X f>\ styles toes ard tip?; Goodyear we't sewed era. of finwt imported and d>m*sti3 Fas- I?
g> Clear Havana Cigars— A small £;/&* x v^^ft sa!e*. Shoes that retail regularly for §3.00. cy Cheviot?. Worsted and C^simeres. .*
Sf p 1 «}. 700 ° n: y/' mide . by Martinez & • i^;x. , f/C«l 33.50, $4.50 and $5.00 per pair. Wp have in new, bright and attractive pattern. -5
g Co.. Key West-spenal for th« day 'S marked them fo" Soecial Sale for three All cf them th»«»i M 'i goods. J&ur«- :?
ti> only 5oeach -$&^ mirKea inem 10. special aaie ior mree a only, $6.00 mit* for $4,5O, J*
K ~ -,« «.« o t ... 1>>^ JT^^ 1^^^ days, beginning this mormnsr. all ..7.^ gnit3^f or $5.62. noTou suit^ -J
X GrandRrnubtic Scintillas- J>^-^ at the uniform &*& J3 SZ $7.51}. %
h Little cigars, made ot good tobacco, a * %=,_ xr -v . . JTO 'f , , •£
J pleasing imoke-ipecial to-day. . X^^° ~£ P F1Ce ' P er P air - • *?*">***" s«oa Atate-KWu o* Entrant *
g I •"•••••••• •¦..•..••.•• «o» for 15c . " LH^ The sizes are 7 , 7 ± and 8. — $
SL Cigar Stand In Rotunda. . w.-^v^ j > / 4. • «j
a? ' _ _ _, m * a m SHavinn Good qnal- .*
i Guaranteed Here is a BwB@n S fUfMSSlBSBn^B Brushes I3cA r U,ZZ i
$ Watch $1.37. go°o r rtte y Special Sale Thursday, Friday and Samrdav. %
& piece; not a watch' ,?s ny $15.00 Man *S 5 ult for $12*00- Your unreserved choice of any on soecial sa!e Thursday *« >r
g ffithaelockmore. |gj& $1500 jg 5n the de?artnnat (anl there are hundreds only. B^C %
S ?e 6 fent p-^da^t ¦ /^^\ of thsni) durimc the thr "° dayi m3ation3d abov3 at fa' G\ ' "$
$ set, stem-winding yfeijS^I^ OnB- fifth off tho regular pries. Single or double Jl& XPV^ _ . xr ",.,,"''
*{ American move- Vflrv*^t8lS. breasted Sack? » Cutaway Frock3 and Prince A berts, X^VK MtH POGhef Not a loy knife for .J
h ment, in an open- iffy /^*%\ made in the very best manner of Serges, /) \ AfftV/ Mnift* T#» ? boy ' alt ! l ? a ' h an ? *9
£ face nickel casellla-y 3JJ1 Worsted3 and Chariot?, ia tha newest pat- jJ^r^Vd/hM r?i d t 7 '«
I fn^oroX^ar'W^^W terns and eff iC t3-,uits having th3 lit, finish STVflS \\ h ™ ™ °<
i oSSrs-^^W -i general appeanaca of J^MWk \ thewKra- S
** day only at garments-all siz33, regulars, stouts and A Cv5V5^f? (^ ! \\ siusBros.'ex- /J V\ .%
J* the extraordinary long, our exception- ***** /) 7\/lin [ \\ \\ tra quahy, A/ J
k s F ecialpric 3 $1.3 7 ally K3 od $15 va ues, «fj %2 B gg g$ / / \ V AVi'L I A) I \\ genn « g /£ -J^^ . '5
| J - ]ryDe — • fortnreodays'V**"'*'*' .TtfJiv^ |
i m , _. Men ' s$ *; 0OP ? nt ?, $s ;; 29 -* ifc^U-f \\F-'. S«S!3%o \» .^l which *• :5
K P/2cn S FinG Natural We have just 110 pairs of stylish silk-mixed \\m T j \,\ yf f big store will «all oa Tfiffi-»- o — 5
ft* £i*tirf£*»»wgxs*9* Wool and Cassimere Pants, sizes 34 to 42 waists; well- \ / I \\ ' day Only, each &YG '5
K *±n*»*3rvwiS*Ml- Camel's- m^ e> perfect-fitting garments, good enough ft 1 VTV, *
J 77C Garment m ha V*^ hirts for dress; admirable to brighten up your . \ \\| I •*
*C ers, made of nice fleecy woo? witTa" busi^ 3 coat and ™»t-on Wf**"* 1 \J BoVS* &3.OO Th ***™™ d '> %
% small percentage of cotton to prevent throe days, per gfl \\ \i J^l S"X W'UU of h g
*T shrinking; shirts have self fronts and pair V«»»«' \1 jfrr JpJjJ SailOr rou-h braid-J
f» ribbed taih; drawers strengthened in second Alsle-Ulsht ol Entrance. Qf HsiS 57 Cm that )3 in rao^t "5
t£ ths seam3 by a tape covering; re-en- mm «*«»*«»»^** demand, white X
fc| forced seat?; underwear in every way H nflpBu^P N and fancy mixed eiTects, wilh an assort- >*
thoroughly dependable — on special safe ffl n|Q^ ffL I?B a Wa^ HMg PprfTj • ment of color? in bands, re^ja!ar pricj '^
tf Thursday only, per garment.... BUG*** 1 »ra<d $1.00 each, on special ."ale-.— X
K 77c ™ CnoIdteroRfctsIeBaueAaur. 5$ Thursday enly S>mG .*«
*> Third Aisle— lUcht of Entrance. CALIFORNIA S LARQEST--AMERICA-S GRANDEST STORE. Fourth Aisle— Rlsht of Entrance. jig
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year.
THE EBIPOBrrjM.We have Shakespeare's authority for the assertion
'"there was a time when a man's brains were out the
man was dead," but here is Jim Rea, who has. long
since been separated from all the brains that directed
his old-time gang, still stalking through the local
campaign in San Jose just as if he were a live issue.
By resigning his seat in the Senate to avoid being
unseated, and then himself reappointed by
his friend the acting Governor, Clark of 'Montana
has shown himself to be an adept in shuffling, but as
the Senate has the right to deal he may find himself
with a losing hand after all. -
The Oakland- people have not yet decided whether
the Carnegie gift to their public library is something
to be thankful for or something to get angry and fight
about.*
CALIFOB.NIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 16.— John Birm
ingham and Major S. W. Groesbeck of San
Francisco are at. the Ebbltt; C. W. Mor
ton and wife of Sacramento are at the St.
James: S.M. Jefferson of Berkeley is at
the National; J. C. Mclntyre of Sacra
mento is at Wlllards.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
.NEW YORK. May 16.— William D. Mac
kay and George D. Cooper, of San Fran
cisco are at the Manhattan. ;
Those Newspaper Hints.
Foreman— We need a few lines to fill up
a column. . c , ; ">,;¦. ¦ . ::'. V
Society Editor (wearily)— Well, say "The
Prince of Wales has -begun -wearing old
clothes.- because they; are more comforta
ble." Perhaps It will start a fashion that
you and I can follow. —Collier's Weekly. ,
The ex-convict who. was knocked down and robbed
in this city the other day must think that even in the
fine art of crime the world moves.
What docs it profit Victoria to try to conciliate Ire
land so long ns fhc keeps a Prime Minister like Salis
bury to start the old quarrel every time he talks?
Congress can do as much good by adjourning as
by continuing the <;efsion, for there is very little
chance of the adoption of important legislation now,
and the people would like a little rest from politics
before the campaign opens.
By the nomination of Town? as Vice President on
their ticket the Populists appear to have given Bryan
a chance to make the campaign with a double tail to
his kite this year, just ss lie did in 1896. The boy
orator will thus ffo dovrn in history as a candidate
ivith more Vicc# than any other since the beginning
of the republic.
PERSONAL MENTION.
John R; Berry of L.os Angeles is at the
Lick.
Thomas Flint of San Juan is at the
Palace.>"
W. K. Gerber of Sacramento Is at the
Palace.
Dr. R. C. Govern of Stockton is at the
Grand.
Dr. K. C. Dam of Fresno is at the
Grand.
T. H. Goodman of Palo Alto Is at the
California.
Dr. L.. O'Connor of Fortuna is stopping
at the Russ.
Captain L. F. Burnett, U. f S. A., is at
the Occidental.
Senator John F. Davis registered at the
Palace yesterday.
T. M. P.rown. Sheriff, of Eureka, is a
guest at the Russ.
Bud Melneck; a Milwaukee brewer. Is
stopping at the Palace.
Frank H. Buck, the fruit grower of Va
caviile, is at the Palace.
John I. Bryan of the McCulloch Is reg
istered at the California.
H. Warren, a cattleman of "Wlnne-'
mucca, is at the Palace.
Robert J. Nixon, a newspaper man of
Yreka. is stopping at the Grand..
\ Frank A. Muller. proprietor of the Riv
erside Hotel, Is at the Palace.
J. W." Casebury. the capitalist and cat
tleman of Rosevllle, is at the Grand.
D. Burkhalter. a capitalist, arrived
from Mount Olivet yesterday and regis
tered at the Grand. V
S. F. Booth, district freight agent of
the Southern Pacific at Fresno, is in San
Francisco on business.
\V. D. Campbell, general agent of the
Chicago Northwestern at L.os Angeles,
will be in town for a few days.
John A. Gill, freight agent on the coast
for the Vanderbilt lines, left for Truckee
last evening and wlll'be out of town for
a few days. •
Dr. John Gallwey. accompanied by" his
wife, is at present "doing" the exposition
at Parl3. They will leave very soon for
New York and after a brief stay In that
city will return to San' Francisco, reach
ing here June 20.
- "Don't swap horses whils crossing a stream." — Abraham Lincoln.
With sailoriike candor. Admiral Deweyr provided his political opponent, Mr.
MoKinley. with a crushing argument for re-election when he said: "The position
of Pre.=ident is not a difficult one to fill. All he has to do Is to carry out the
wishes of Congress in accordance with the constitution."
No one can accuse Mr. McKinley of ever having done anything else. He has
done it faithfully, and the country has prospered in consequence. Why, then,
should the people change a President who has proved that he can and that h©
does carry out the wishes of Congress In accordance with the constitution tor an
other who only thinks It easy, but who may change his opinion about it later.
Just as ho did about not running for President?
Tlie greatest menace to the progressive evolution of the United States' moral
and material welfare lies in Mr. Bryan, or. rather, in Bryanism. To defeat him
should be the object of every American, for his election means the official In
dorsement of anarchy, depreciation of currency, repudiation of the nation's obli
gations, and the fomenting of dissension in the two branches of the Anglo-Saxon
race by mischievous and unwarrantable meddling In matters that do not concern
the United States, either directly or indirectly.— New Tork Herald.
From the JTf»tr York Trlbun*.
UNCLE SAM— NO, THANKS; I NEVER SWAP HOUSES CR0SSHT
A STBEAM.
"An American Citizen, produced by
James Nelll and his eKcellent company,
is serving to fill the California Theater
every night. There is a continuous laugh
from curtain rise to curtain fall. The reg
ular matinee will be given this and Satur
day afternoon and on Sunday night "The
Amazons," Plnero's best comedy, will be
produced Jn this city for the first time at
popular iprices.
As predicted in The Call of Monday, the
Orpheum has been crowded to overflowing
at every performance this week. There is
not a "weak spot on the bill, and this
wholesale patronage is the just reward of
genuine merit. The newcomers for next
week will include the Mlgnani family in a
sketch entitled "The Musical Barbers':
Bartho, and the Wilson family.
"The Wizard of the Nile" is still on
"pslst street" at the Tivoll and making a
record-breaking run. It should not be
missed.
• * •
real fun
? • •
The Chutes has an extra good offering
this week and is being properly rewarded.
To-night will be amateur night and one or
At the Olympia they are presenting a
bill that serves to fill the house nightly.
* * *
The new bill at Fischer's Concert-house
is parkins the place every evening. The
quality of the performance is admirable.
• * •
• * ?
"The Evil Eye" will remain the attrac
tion at the Columbia up to and including
Sunday next, and a souvenir of popular
sheft music will be fdven away on Sat
urdav. John Drew will follow on Monday
in "The Tyranny of Tears." which prom
ises to afford much pleasure to the
theatergoers of this city.
• • •
"The Maister of Woodbarrow" is fully
fillins the scats at the Alcazar. It is a
wholesome production, in which Irene
Everett, the leading lady: Krnest Hast
ings, leading man. a.nd Marie Howe are
afforded opportunities to display their
talent?. The play will be followed by
"The Butterflies." "White Whittlesey, the
new leading man. will arrive in a few
days and make his first appearance with
Florence Roberts in "Sapho."
"The Lady Slavey" is doing a good
business at the Grand, the box office re
ceipts beins eminently satisfactory- It Is
the best offering of the present company
and is a clean, brisk, bright comedy, car
ried by good, melodious music. By reason
of its merits— musical, comedy and scenic
—the management has concluded to con
tinue it indefinitely.
THEATRICAL NOTES
OF THE MIDWEEK
THURSDAY^ MAY 17, W
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor .
Jc'cress Ml Ccrr.rr.unicaticru to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
I'lBUCATIOX OKFICE..jr«rtet ¦!»•» Till*! 1 * S- F-
Telephone Mala lbCs.
CDITOIUAI* nooJIS....?17 10 221 SteTenion St.
Telrpbonr 31 til 11 1674.
D(!lTrrfd *t r«rrter«. IS Cenf« Ver Week.
Slecrlr Coptea. G Cent*.
Term* *>T Mall. Including roniagti
fif.fT.flr OALl. t'.r:c!u<!iTJK Puc<!*>). oc» year $«.M
DAILY CALt. rtcduilrt £vindiy). « month* 3.00
J3AILT CALL C.ncls.S.tnz Esndar). 3 month* I-BO
DAILY CALL— Ey F'.ncl* '.lovlta - «5c
fctTNDAT CALL On? \>»r 1-M
Wr.EKiY CALL Oc» Tear 100
All poiluiuilrr. are authorised to recelT*
¦ abaerlptloaa.
Cucpl* ccr!t-» «-¦ *-~ *t*-!» -4«a trbeo requeiteO.
ab.Ll.\D OFFICE 1115 Orondvray
C. GECKGr KROGNESS.
l/*r.*£er Foreign Advertiring. Marquett- Birldinjr, Chicago.
(Lccs DiH*nc* Telephone "Central Hli."i
Kirw YORK CCKIUCUPONTDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
JCETV TORK r.ti'UKftENTATrVB:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICACO SEW* KTAXDS:
Ckennu Hctw: P- O. S«t Co.: Ureat Northern Hote*.:
r.taicct Hooae; Auditorium note!.
NEW TOllK. NEWS STAXDH:
WtiacrT-Artcrl* Uo:eJ; a. Brectanow 31 Union 8<juare;
licmr BUI Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hote
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
Cn A\CH OFFICES-:!: Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
DBt!13:JI)o'c!cK-k. :'*> Hayes, own until 3:30 o'clock. 63S
McAlHster. open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
f .iO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2161 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until i o'clock. 1C56 Valencia, open
until S o" clock. 306 Eleventh. cj*n until S o'clock. N"W. cor
ner Twenty-second end Kentucky, cpen until 9 o'clock.
Underpaid Women and Their Remedy
By Mary A. Liver/wore,
Author. Lecturer and Woman Suffragist.
&•?¦*- «•?-»> ?<?-?*$>-•- .*-•-¦*>? <?-?- ¦?•?-<?> -?¦?¦¦?¦ «•»•-<¥> -»*r~- ¦y-w^Tw - t :
HE subjection of woman to man in the lotis past has not
Tonly hindered her development in normal ways but has
created a contemptuous opinion of her which runs
through the literature and legislation of all nations, it is
apparent to-day in the different codes of morals for men
: and women, different penalties for crime and in the dis
similar relations of the sexes to the Government, in
marriage woman is not legally her husband's equal, for he has
control of her person and in most instances of her earnings ana
of her minor children. She is rarely paid the same wages as
man, even when she does the same work and does It as well,
and she is the legal equal of man only where punishment and
the payment of taxes are concerned. All these unjust inequal
itips are survivals of i.'.e ases of servitude through which
women have passed, among all peoples of the earth, from the
date of their historic existence.
We boast of our advanced civilization in America and point
with laudable pride to our schools as its foundation. They are
the corner stone of our free institutions, the everlasting granite
on which our Government rests. For here are given the early
trainins and discipline that tell through life and which are vital
to the integrity of the republic. A Bureau of Education has
been established by our national Government which carefully
collects and critically sifts all data pertaining to public school
instruction. Its hiph purpose is to place education on a scien
tific basts and to include all' the children of the State in- Its
beneficent provisions. The overwhelming majority of the
teachers in the schools are women, cultivated, conscientious,
hard-working, patient and unselfish. The high and normal
schools are called Into requisition to fit them for their voca
tion, and the college and university train them In the special
ties they are expected to teach. After years of costly prepara
tion at home and abroad they are assigned to their various
positions and begin their lifework.
They are the equals of the clergy of the land In the correct
ness or their lives, their aims and Intelligence, and co-operate
with them to bring in a nobler civilization. They stand on
tvery round of tha ladder of learning, lifting the children and
youth of their charge to a development of whose existence
many of the parents are unaware. They surround them with
an ethical environment in the schoolroom. There they breathe
a'moral atmosphere. Tbere they must be punctual, obedient,
courteous, careful of school property, industrious, truthful, re-
Fpectful. tidy in person-ln short, they are put in Immedlata
training for the development of qualities without which they
cannot become good members of society.
How do we compensate these faithful women teachers for
their great work In behalf of the generations to come. The
dusty years stretch far behind them, youth and comeliness
drop away from them, and they grow worn and faded before
their time. How do we pay them for the divine service they
render our children while they are on duty? We pay them a3
we pay the small bookkeeper, the stenographer ajid the type
writer. Outside our large cities w*fc pay them as we pay tn«
chambermaid, the laundress, the housemaid. They are as
thoroughly educated as the men with whom they are associ
ated, they do the same work and do it as well, and they bear
as heavy burdens and responsibilities. And yet their salaries
rate a third. -and sometimes a half, lower than those of the
men with whom they teach.
They are forbidden to marry under penalty of dismissal
from office, and if their husbands drop into invalidlsm. or for
any other cause are unable to support them, the women cannot
be reinstated. In no other line of employment does this dis
crimination exist against married women. In Boston policemen
and firemen are pensioned after they have served the city a
specified number of years if they become disabled for further
employment. But when the teachers of Boston nave petition?*!
to be similarly pensioned and have presented a most feasible
scheme for the creation of a pension fund to be contributed b7
the teachers themselves, they have thus far received no en
couragement and have only been granted "leave to withdraw.*
Undoubtedly one cause of the smallness of the- pay ol
women teachers i3 the crowded state of the profession. Th<»
supply far exceeds the demand. In sixteen of the Atlantic ami
Gulf States, according to the census of 1S80, women largely
outnumbered men. In Massachusetts there are 70,000 women in
excess of men. a fact which has Its Influence in lowering the
wages of workingwomen everywhere. But Canon Klngsler
compressed the whole truth In one sentence: "Hear me, women!
You shall never have social equity till you have legal equality!"
This is a truth as fundamental as that which underlies th*
Golden Rule. To workinRwomen. aa to all ¦women, the ballot is
a necessity. "Women must be made the leera.1 equals of men In,
order to obtain the rights belonging to them as citizens of a
republic. And the ballot is the only synonym of legal equality
that a republican government can know.
THE Republican State Convention was subject to two currents of control. In dealing
with the personalities which it had to consider there was present an element of revenge
and reprisal. The elements in this city which are potent only for evil in the party were
dominated by that influence which invaded its councils, to destroy its character, after the
election of 1898. Silently and unseen they had in secret conventicle decided to bestow
the richest fruits of that great victory upon the least worthy. Regardless of all the party's
future, they determined to make it unworthy of its high past by seeking to make Dan
Burns Senator. Outside the midnight circle of these conspirators there was but one
opinion of the result of such a choice. Republicans who look to the party for the State's
progress and the country's safety saw clearly that such wasting of a great opportunity
meant only defeat, humiliating and overwhelming, until men had forgotten the disgrace
and its authors. No such danger had ever before menaced the party from within or
without. The various forms of political opposition to Republicanism in this State had
never been able to plan such a blow. It was never within the compass of their resources.
The Republican party could be defeated as it was in 18S2, and rally again and win as' it
did in 1884. or go down as in 1886 and triumph as it did in 1890. It could fight to the
last for victory and lose it, as it did in 1894, and. forming again, win the field it had
lost, as it did in 1898. But if it cast off its high character like a worn garment and
gave up its best gift to a man like Dan Burnsr — that meant suicide, self-murder, and it
must rot under the waters of oblivion before it could rise and float even as a repulsive
object in the sight of men.
To save it from such an undeserved fate The Call led the rescue party. Our fight
against Burns was for the life and virtue of the party. We had no candidate, no friend . to
reward, and no enemy to punish, in a personal sense. The enemy of the party in its own
household was our enemy, and we fought him and his hosts, backed though he was by a
sinister influence the most intelligent, powerful and resourceful that has 'ever dominated
the politics of this State. As the battle progressed the Democracy cheered the corrupt
combination which, gorilla-like, was trying to kidnap California Republicanism. What
ever aid the political opposition could give was bestowed upon the gang which was try
ing to destroy Republicanism in its own temple.
With sleepless watchfulness The Call guarded and parried this strange and por
tentous alliance. Through the trying days and nights of the regular'session of the Leg
islature we never left a point unguarded. That session passed with the conspirators
balked, baffled and beaten, but the party had gained breathing space. The views which
we had sustained through the grimy affray were then subjected to a calm examination,
and were placed among the firm convictions honored by the party conscience.
With the extra session came another rally of the traitors to party supremacy and
the enemies of its welfare. But The Call had too deeply impressed the organization with
the policy of honor and decency, and short work was made of the combine which had
boasted itself invincible, and had bet on the irresistibility of its power. The party rose
and uttered as its own the principles which we had kept alive.
We did not expect that the defeated plotters would be content to go back to the
slums and stews, and burrow in the obscurity whence they issued to poison the great party
with their septic sins. %
They could not destroy the Republican party of California, which was their origi
nal policy. They abandoned that ambitious project and were compelled to rally their
diminished strength to avenge themselves upon a single individual. The proprietor of
The Call rejoices that the fatal blow which he parried from the head of the party fell
upon his own. for no greater devotion can a man show to the principles he supports than
to suffer that thev may survive.
This accounts for the turning of a party convention into a theater on which a con
; spiracy that failed to stab the party in the heart put a dagger into the back of one indi
i yidual. But the party is saved.
For the rest of it, the other current of control in the convention, set in motion
I by the element which regards only the welfare of the party, wisely ran to prudence in
' speech in the resolutions and purged them of inconsistent and entangling utterances upon
I national policies that are still without form and void, and can only be shaped and fash
| ioned by the National Convention. Fortunately, the conspirators who -programmed for
revenge. are incapable of urging any expression of principle or policy. So this was left to
i others, who, with admirable control and self-restraint, suppressed ail effervescent and
i undigested utterances, and left the party free to accept the wisdom of the National Con
; vention, without having first to disown follies of its own creation. •
For this the party is grateful, and girds its loins with better spirit for the great con
; flict that is coming. *
A MIXED RESULT.
A WARNING TO ThjE CARELESS.
CONGRESSMAN KAHN has taken occasion
from the approach of the outing season to di
rect the attention of all whom it may concern
to the statute designed to prevent the outbreak of
forest fires in the public domain. One section of the
amended act declares: "Any person who shall will
fully or maliciously set on fire, or cause to be set on
fire, any timber, underbrush or grass upon the public
domain, or shall leave or suffer fire to burn unat
tended near any timber or other inflammable mi
tcrial, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof in any District Court of the
United States having jurisdiction of the same shall
be fined in a sum not more than five thousand dol
lars or be imprisoned for a term not more than two
The warning is timely. The season of forest fires
has already begun in the East and will soon begin
here. The danger in this State is perhaps greater
than anywhere else ; owing to the large number of
campers who resort to the woods 'of the big parks
for their summer holidays. The fires that so fre
! quently occur are mainly the result of carelessness.
Fires are left smoldering instead of being completely
extinguished before those who kindled them leave the
spot, and then a slight wind fans them into flames
that soon spread into disastrous conflagrations. So
much damage has resulted from such practices that
the Government will hereafter be vigilant in prose
cuting offenders to the full extent of the law.
t It is certainly time for the beginning of active and
earnest efforts to protect our forests, and all intelli
gent citizens should unite with the Government offi
cials'in working to that end. The annual waste «jf
our woods through negligence and carelessness
amounts to- an enormous loss — one .whose "full ex
tent is incalculable. Sooner or later there will have
to be stringent laws on the subject in every State in
the Union. In the meantime those who have been
jcareless in the past will do well to take heed of the
law to which Mr. Kahn has called attention.
hoped to see imperial federation attained by men of
this generation.
Governments grow. Institutions do not long re
main in the condition of their foundation. Colonial
representation in the Privy Council and the House of ,
Lords would cither prove a useless concession to the*
colonies, or it would develop into a vast power sooner
or later, and as the colonies arc vigorous and enter
prising, their representation would more likely grow
than die. Thus Mr. Chamberlain's bill may be the
beginning of a governmental body destined to become
one of the most important in the world.
In the meantime, however, it is doubtful whether
the bill will be accepled. The Liberals in Parliament
have given notice of their opposition, and the Austra
lians have shown no signs of consenting to it. In
fact, several of the Australian leaders have declared
they will not consent to any alteration of the meas
ure adopted by the vote of the Australian people. It
is an issue which affects the world. at large, for out
of it there may come either a federation of. the Brit
ish empire or the establishment of an independent
Australian republic, and either event would have far-,
reaching effects upon the course of. history. -
AUSTRALIA AND THE EMPIRE.
PRESENTING the Australian commonwealth :
bill to Parliament on Monday, Joseph Cham
berlain, Secretary for the Colonies, stated the
Imperial Government is willing to accept the bill ns
adopted by the Australians, with the sole exception of
clause 74, which declares the Federal Court of Aus
tralia shall be the tribunal of final appeal on all ques
tions arising under the bill. That clause, Mr. Cham
berlain said, would abolish the imperial veto and
would virtually make Australia an independent re
public. He announced that' the Government would
strike out the objectionable clause, and for the pur
pose of satisfying Australian sentiment would intro
duce a bill giving Australia, Canada. India and South
Africa representation in the Privy Council.
If the policy be carried out the Privy Council will
become a court of the much discussed imperial fede
ration, and may develop into something like a Sen
ate. Each of the four great colonial groups is to have
one representative, who is to hold office for seven
years. , Upon these representatives life peerages ar.;
to be bestowed, so that when their term of service as
law lords of the Privy Council is over they will con
tinue to sit as members of the House of Lords.
The plan, it will be seen, is likely to prove attractive
to the ambitious leaders of the colonies. It means
that every seven years one cf them in each of the
federated colonies is to attain a peerage. It means,
moreover, that in the House of Lords there will be
hereafter a strong body of colonial statesmen to take
part in directing imperial affairs. Evidently such a
policy is bound to be pleasing to men who ?ee an
avenue for their own advancement to higher honors
than they could ever gain in the colonies themselves,
and it will be 'attractive, moreover, to all who have
THE SAX FEAIS'CISCO CALL THURSDAY, MAY 17, 1900.
I \ECENTLY when questioned about his occupa-
V~< tion Colonel Bryan said he was not a farmer,
but an agriculturist. The New York Press de
fines this by saying: "A farmer is a man who tills
the soil. An agriculturist is a man who tills the
iarrr.er."'
Perhaps that fixes Color.el Bryan's -status as accu
rately as possible. He certainly puts his tongue to
the farmer more often than he puts his hand to the
plow. His function in life seems to be the effort to
convince the farmer that he is unhappy when he is
happy, in misery when he feels we'll, and in bad lurk
when he pays off a mortgage.
We would, however, take Colonel Bryan out of the
agricultural class and put him among the manufac
turers. It is his business to manufacture grievances.
He spins them out of his own head, as a silkworm
spins its thread out of its bowels.
When prices were low and interest high. he manu
factured that into a grievance. Now that conditions
are reversed, and prices are high and interest low,
that also is made into a grievance. He accused the
"money power" of making low prices and high in
terest, and now he accuses the same power of rever
sing the operation and effect. He evidently treats
the gold standard as a double ender. and whichever
way it works he views it with alarm. with solicitude,
with repugnance, with aversion, with apprehension,
with anxiety, and so on to the end of the long cata
logue of words which express discontent.
To his mind the public liver is in a morbid, torpid,
inactive and abnormal condition, no matter what hap
pens; and he is the only original liver-pad and he
patic poultice capable of making it smile like an in
fant in its mother's arms.
Shakespeare describes the scurvy politician — pre
tending to sec the things he does not.
Surely Colonel Bryan sees things in the condition
of the country and people which are hidden from
others. As the prophet of 1896 he failed utterly. His
prophecies went wider of the mark than the shells
which Spanish gunners fired at our ships. Now he
is in the field as a political chemist, analyzing preser.t
conditions, and finds them so bad that he is surprised
that the hide of the poor old country is not on the
fence.
The telephone corporation in Chicago charged the
city such an enormous price for telephones in the
various municipal offices that after vain efforts to get
a reduction the city government determined to es
tablish a municipal system. As soon as steps were
taken to that end the company came to terms. The
city telephone bill last year amounted to $7500. This
year it will have the same service over the same wires
for $2250. Chicago is speedy, but it will pay San
Francisco to follow her footsteps fast enough to
keep in sight of her.
Ernept Terah Hooley, the London speculator and
ftock company promoter who went 'smash in 189?
and came very near going to jail for fraud, has
bobbed up serenely in Siberia, where he is said to
have m?.de another fortune. Evidently the gentle
man is one of the kind that cannot be downed am]
made to stay down. He is a Hooley Terah in ear-
6
BRYAN'S OCCUPATION
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> atTownsend'a.'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main IOC ¦'..• .-%
< • ? ¦
It's a pity that a man's stomach Isn't
built to correspond with his appetite.
Dr. Slegert' ¦ Angostura Bitter* is the best
remedy for removing Indigestion and all du-
esues of the digestive organs. ""'¦'-:'¦'
"Now, little Jim, tell the class what
sure sign we have that spring Is here."
"Yes'm: we know It's spring when w 9
gits t wear our Sunday clothes ev'y dar "
--¦Indianapolis Journal.
AMUSEMENTS.
ColumbU— "The Evil Ere."
Tlvoli— "The Wizard the Nile."
Granfl Opera-houf e— "The Lady Slavey.**
Alcazar— •Maisfr or Wood Barrow."
California— "A a Araprican Citiren."
Orrheum— Vaudeville.
Olympla. corner MaaOB and Ed3y streets— Specialties.
Cfcutee. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville «very afternoon and
•recir.c.
Fischer's Concert House— "Faust."
Kapp Cornrany Concert Hall— Vau4*vil!».
Eutro )¦:.'..: — Open nlfhts on and after Saturday, May 13.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— This day. at II a. m. and 5 p. m.,
Persia Rug*, at corr.rr Geary zr.A Ftocktcu streets.
I In the Sunday Call j
® jy\f\v 20, 1900. •> •
Q09GG9*0eQ&99*99990mW*9***999%9%%%H4t 0 e2
« e 4 y ' .
s| 1 wo •
I STARTLING SENSATIONS !
If — — •
1 1 From Revenue Collector to Stevedore. •
I S HE IS A SAN •
©I ' Q
II A ROYAL ROMANCE. •
q a Drama of misfortune concerning King MUan, Count Zolnanyi ?
9 I and his young American bride. J
1 1 THE "WANDER YEAR' OF A LITTLE I
1 1 x CALIFORNIA PIANIST. 5
g I LAST DAYS IN JOHANNESBURG. •
.© 1 To!d by an American who has just come from there S
'*.--.*/; © 1 - direct to San Francisco. a
® I : :: g
• | READY FOR THE SUMMER SCORCHER. %
© |j A page no cyclist can afford to miss. O *
"¦ fP ¦ ¦ • ¦ |A
5 8 FIRST DAYS OF THE PARIS EXPOSITION. 2
SI A novel account by Miss Genevieve Green. The Call's *
0 | ' special correspondent in Paris. ®
I 1 A REMARKABLE STUDY OF HALL CAINE. •
® 1 _J3y'the eminent WilKam J. D. Croke. LL. D. §
1 1 GENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER ®
Q 9 Closes his scries of virile articles with a splendid paper on ft
« | "Deeds of Our Soldiers in the Philippines." • 6»
2| A FASHION PAGE OF MOST GORGEOUS PARISIAN CR& •
@ J ATION3 WORN BY THEIR FAIR OWNER * o
m ¦ ¦•¦•¦--¦ ¦ o
| THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. 1Coroner Cole , was notified yesterday of
the. death of Josephine M. Mcllvalne,
whose parents . reside .at 212 :.¦ Guerrero
street. The child was 7 years old and died
of acute gastritis.' She had partaken free
ly ¦ of strawberry . icecream ¦ while ¦ visiting
relatives at Larkspur a few days ago, and
•was taken with cramps of the stomach on
her return. It is, believed that the child
was heated and ate the Icecream too rap
idly. ¦: as children . usually - do. and chilled
her. stomach, ¦ the results of the reaction
being fatal.
The Jury In the case of lavamasa Imf
taro. the Japanese immigrant accused of
bavins: attempted to bribe Immigration
Inspector GefTeney with £5. brought In a
verdict cf gnilty yesterday in the United
States District Court, with a recommen
dation for mercy. Th^Jury H el i Ie , V f,? , th ,*
Jap's story that he had txaen told that it
was customary to give Federal official*
a gift of money on landin*.
Imitaro Convicted.
Decrees of divorce were granted In the
Superior Court yesterday to Manuel B.
Rezendes from Maria L. Rezendes for de
sertion, Anna dc Vrles from George de
\ ries for habitual intemperance, Helen
Kilintz from C. Killntz for willful neglect
Ella Lytle from Charles La. Lytle, same
cause, and John Simpson from Mary
Simpson for desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Lot
tie A. Carey against Peter A. Carev.
cause, cruelty; Peter Pala against Cate
rir.a Pala. desertion; Anabell Batchelor
against Robert Batchelor, railurc to pro
vide, and by Blanche S. 'Palmer against
Stgmund G. Palmer for cruelty.
In the Divorc* Court
The Veteran Firemen's Association of
San Francisco held a special meeting in
the hall of the Exempt Fire Company,
Brenham place, last Tuesday evening,
blatters relating to by-laws and rules
were taken up, also the consideration of
plans for exercises on Memorial day.
Chief Sullivan announced that he would
take part In the veterans' exercises and
if possible would excuse those members of
the department who belong to the Veter
ans' Association. S. McDowell. J. J. Mur
phy and J. J. Earner were appointed a
committee to secure flowers. Judge Fer
ral was Invited to deliver an oration and
Captain McDowell will also speak. Presi
dent Kennard announced the death of
Henry O'Neill, a member of the associa
tion, from injuries received at a fire two
weeks ago. \V. G. Cue, A. B. Truman and
R. J. Courtier were appointed a committee
to draft resolutions of condolence. The
association then adjourned in respect to
the memory of the dead.
Veteran Firemen Meet.
Possibly the last scene In the drama In
which William Henry Theodore Durrant
was the villain was enacted yesterday,
when A. E. Williams, the father of Minnie
Williams, one of the girls murdered, by
Durrant. applied to Captain Seymour for
the articles that belonged to her and
which were taken from the house in Ala
meda where she was employed as a com
panion.
Williams said he was going to Cape
Nome and as the girl's mother in Toronto,
Canada, asked for her effects he wanted
to. send them to her before he left the
city. An order was obtained from Judge
Cabaniss on the property clerk for the
effects, which consisted of a trunk con
taining clothing, souvenirs, a Bible, trim
mings, glove box, trinkets and personal
effects. The father took the trunk away
with him.
Her Father Gets Her Trunk From the
Police to Send to Her
Mother.
MURDER OF MINNIE
WILLIAMS RECALLED
Justice of the Peace Cook says that be
cause, he decided a suit against "Jake"
Rauer. the money lender, the last named
has sent him a notice threatening to at
tach the Judge's ranch in Napa, unless he
pays a promissory note for $50, now held
by Rauer's Collection Agency. Three days
ago judge Cook gave judgment against
Rauer's concern in a suit brought for
$12$ 43 against Ralph Knapp. When the
Judge announced his decision Rauer, who
appeared very angry, said:
"Your decision is an outrage. Three
reputaDle witnesses have testified that
Knapp owes this money. I'll fix you up
for this." e
Judge Cook thought nothing of the lncl
doit until he was served with a notice to
pay the money on the note and he natur
ally thought that Rauer had taken this
method to retaliate for not getting Judg
ment for his client.
"I believe Rauer has threatened me with
attachment proceedings," said Judge
Cook, "because I decided against him. Out
of sixty-five cases that was the first one
which he lost. I borrowed 550 from Rauer
on a note during the last campaign, but
I am prepared to pay tt at any time. It
looks as if he wanted revenge."
"I know nothing about the notice sent to
Cook," said Rauer. "until now. It eman
ated probably from my agency in the or
dinary course of business. The Judge
some time ago Indorsed a note of one
Streeten and as It had run for a long time
It was decided to call it in."
"Jake" Rauer Threatens to Attach
His Ranch, for Giving Judg
ment Against Him.
JUSTICE COOK MUST
PAY PROMISSORY NOTE
ring to San Francisco as a speedy city.
"Public recognition or denunciation can
not affect or effect the relation of mar
riage," said Mr. Pence. "The public In
neither the brid* nor the groom. Nor can
social usage, custom or habit be made
the measure of assumption of marital
rights, duties or obligations. The kinds
of conduct characterizing married people
are as diverse and many as are cities,
towns, villages, crossroads and isolated
homes. The habits, privileges and Indul
gences of the San Francisco husband may
differ widely from those of other cities
where the pace is not so fast.
"It may be the custom of the husband
in some classes to see to it that all his
friends shall know his? wife and Introduce
her as such. In other circles this may
not be the rule. While the pleasures of
active social life are worthy of approval,
the quiet modesty of the secluded home
Is not to be condemned. It might have
been wise for the Legislature to have
adopted or approved some book on social
etiquette, but it seems to have omitted
doing so."
Senator Sharon, said the attorney,
never acknowledged Miss Hill as his wife,
and further, he applied to the United
Sta.tes Court to have the marriage con
tract in her possession annulled. Blythe
never acknowledged Alice Edith Dicka
son as his spouse, but referred to her as
Miss Dirkason. Senator Fair not only
Introduced Mrs. Craven as his wife and
acknowledged h«r as such but signed a
contract.! Mr. Pence held that the Su
preme Court decisions In the Sharon and
Blythe cases could not nullify Mrs. Cra
ven's alleged marriage.
Mr. Pence declared his client had
proved the marriage by written agree
ment with James G. Fair and the subse
quent assumption of marital relations.
This was sufficient under section 55. which
provided in 18?2 that "when the consent
of competent parties is followed by the
mutual assumption of marital rights or
marital duties or marital obligations the
marriage is complete."
At the close of his argument Mr. Pence
placed in the hands of the court some
genuine letters of Senator Fair to show
that Expert Ames was wrong In saying
that Fair never made certain letters In
certain ways.
This forenoon at 9 o'clock Attorney Mc-
Knerney will open for the heirs and the
afternoon will be occupied by ex-Gover
nor Budd.
length to the Sharon and the Blythe
cases, in which he showed the facts of
alleged marriage to be totally different to
those surrounding the connection of Mrs.
Craven and Senator Fair.
Then Attorney Pence reached that point
in his argument where he brought a look
of incredulous inquiry from Garret Mc-
Enernev and ex-Governor Budd by refer-
Missionary Barkentine Horning: Star Off for Nome.
Note— This study will be continued on
Wednesday. May 23.
WILLIAM WORDSWORTH
hibit the medieval Joy in color, expressed
with all the power and splendor of the re
naissance. Richness, luxury— two very
un-Greek characteristics— the favorite
words with Keats, and hfa advice to Shel
ley to curb his magnanimity and load
every rift of th« subject with ore is an
other Instance- of the predominance of this
quality.
But Keats drew from medievalism not
only hit love of color, but that strange
and haunting charm which Arnold has
baptized "natural magic." In this quality
Scott, with all his love for the romantic
past. Is quite deficient. He loved the stir
and action of the medieval world, its
strong contrasts and clear types. But
Keats penetrated below the surface and
caught th« magic and mystery of things.
It Is hardly too much to say that there i»
more of the true spirit of romance In "The
Eve of St. Agnes than In alt the Waver
ley novels bound toother. We feel this
charm not only In Keafs' descriptions of
nature — almost every line of the "Ode to
the Nightingale" could be quoted as. an
example— but even more In hi3 dealings
with the supernatural. The ghost In "Isa
bella" is far beyond the reach not only of
Scott, but of any po«»t of his day. and the
little posthumous ballad of "La Belle
Dame Sans Merct" 1?. to use Arnold's fine
phrase, "drenched and . Intoxicated ¦with
the fairy dew of natural magic." Tt Is
this quality more than anything else that
constitutes the peculiar charm of Keats.
It keeps his love of luxury and richness
of color from degenerating Into mere bar
baric delight In show and glitter and glvea
to hi* best work a thrill and fascination
that are perhaps unique In English poetry.
John Keats was even less touched by
the revolutionary spirit than Walter
Scott. He neither upheld nor attacked it.
he passed it by in quiet indifference. II*
was a being born out of his due tim - ». a
belated Elizabethan, the poetic son of E>1
mnnd Spenser. A worshiper of beauty,
the beauty which appeals to eye and ear
and touch, he was the most sensuous poet
of his day. Sensuous, not sensual, for in
spite of some early extravagances of «x
pression there Is nothing common nor un
clean in Keats. His worship of beauty Is
seen in his attitude toward nature. He 13
the divinely drunken lover of her charm?.
His heart aches and hi3 senses grow numb
with too much joy at the song of the
nightingale. Nature herself partakes «C
his passion: the star throbs In the sap
phire heavens* deep repose like the heart
of a lover drawing near hi3 goal. In the
world of man Keats sought for beauty in
the old Hellenic myths. When some cna
asked how Keats with his lack of learn
ing could so interpret the legends of
Greece, "because he Is a Greek." salt!
Shelley. Palgrave has well pointed out
the Greek element In the poetry of Keat*.
It is seen in his absolutely direct and
spontaneous expression of the thought be
fore him. In his freedom from convention
ality, in his freshness of phrase. Such a
passage as the picture of Hebe In the
"Ode to Fancy" is pure Greek: so is the
description of Saturn and Thea with
which "Hyperion" opens, or such a coup
let as
Into the treea-recessed woods they fl»w.
Nor grew they pal» aa mortal lovers do.
But there Is something more than th!a
Hellenic element in Keats. To the «M
Greek purity and simplicity he adds a
warmth of color and a richness of phrase
unknown In English poetry since Shakes
peare's day. No doubt it wa3 on thia ac
count that he left unfinished the noble
fragment of "Hyperion." The theme waj
too remotely classical, the style too se
verely MJltonic. Keats Is at his bo«
when dealing with subjects chosen from
later Hellenic legend, such as Lamia, or
from medieval romance. Let us take
the famous passage In which h!s delight
In rich color finds Us fullest expression:
Full on the casement shose the ¦wintry raoon.
And threw warm gales on Madeleine'* sort
breast.
Aa down ahe knelt for Heaven's grace an<l
boon:
Rose-bloom fell on her hands, together prest.
And on her silver cross soft amethyst.
And ea her hair a glory like a saint.
There Is nothing Greek In these lines.
They are medieval, or. rather, they ex-
In foemen worthy of thetr steel
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
may be described as a fighting Tory. H4
headed the. loyalist party in a pitched
battle with Irish Jacobins In the pit r>t
the Edinburgh Theater, where he was
currently reported to have cracked threa
democratic heads. He was a quartermas
ter In the Edinburgh Light Horse, a vol
unteer regiment enrolled 03 the threat off
French invasion. His political ideas were
summed up in the old cavalier motto:
"Fear God; honor the king." But though
not a revolutionist. Scott was a romantic,
and that to a marked degree. In poetry
he broke entirely with the traditions of
the classical school. His first attempt at
verse was a translation of Burger's "Le
nore." his second a version of Goethe's
"Goetz von Berlichlngen." Descended
from a family famous in Scottish history
and tradition, he turned with enthusiasm
to the chronicles and legends of his coun
try. He swept the Border for the swiftly
perishing songs and ballads of the oUl
moss-trooper days and gave them to th*
world In the "Minstrelsy of the Scottish,
Border." Upon this collection his fir«t
original poem, the "Lay of the Last Min
strel." Is founded. It is In fact a mere
expansion of the old ballad into the metri
cal romance. The meter is an imitation
of "Chrlstabel." which Scott had seen la
MS., but not the least of its charm*
to the lover of our old ballads is tha
frequent echo of .their direct and simple
notes. The "Lady cf the Lake" opened
to English literature the romantic world
of the Scotch highlands. "Marm'on."
perhaps the greatest of his poems, en
shrines In verse Scott's own romantic
town of Edinburgh, ar.d sings with Ho
meric fire and vigor the fatal field whera
medieval Scotland went down in hope
less and heroic ruin. Scott, to put it
plainly, was himself the last minstrel. th»
last English poet to whom loyalty in i:s
old accepted meaning was more than an
Idle word. It is the fashion of late years
to pass lightly over hi* poeras as niT^
tales in verse, as though the first great
poem of European literature were r.^t a
"tale." One may admit at once that
Scott's Verse lacks depth and artistic fin
ish, but when every admission Is made
the fame of Sir Walter remains undimin
ished. He is still the Wizard of th*»
North, dear to thousands upon thnu3an.i»
of young hearts as the opener of th<» gaf~»
Into an enchanted world, dearer still tt>
every man who has left in his composi
tion something
Of that utern joy which warriors feel
So far we have spoken. of poets deeply
Influenced by the French Revolution. In
Scott we find one who not only shows no
traces of this influence, but strongly re
acts against It. From the very first he
Poets of Opposition and Indifference.
During his second visit to France he
formed a close friendship with .Michael
Beaupuy. the noblest type of the repub
lican soldier, and learned at first hand
the causes of the revolution and the
sources of Its strength. During his stay
in Paris In the autumn of 1T&2 he even
meditated throwing himself into the strife
of factions in the wild hope that his voice
might recall the nation from the path of
blood. Recalled to England, by the stop
page of supplies, his return was soon fol
lowed by the news of the execution of the
King and the tragic fall of his own
friends, the Girondists. Wordsworth has
left a lasting record in the "Prelude" of
the effect the Terror made upon his mind.
For long years afterward his sleep was
haunted with visions of despair and im
plements of death, or he saw himself
pleading in vain before the savage tri
bunals of the Mountain. But even yet he
did not despair of the republic. On the
outbreak of war he sympathized with
France rather than with his own country
and shared all the hatred of the English
radicals for the reactionary policy of Pitt.
Little by little, however, as the revolu
tion changed Its character. Wordsworth
lost hope in the movement with which he
had so passionately sympathized. He be
came soured and gloomy. The strange
and morbid tragedy of the "Borderers."
composed in 17S5-96. is a revelation of the
depths to which his mind had sunk.
trom this nadir of moral despair
\\ ordsworth recovered by a slow and
gradual process. The peaceful scenery of
the English country, the gentle ministra
tions of his sister Dorothy, the stimulat
ing influence of Coleridge, and most of all
his own abiding sympathy with the Joys
and sorrows of the country folk among
whom nls life was spent, at last restored
him to the state of hope and joy which
he once seemed to have lost forever. We
find the first evidence of his complete re
covery in the glorious "LJnes Composed
Near Tintern Abbey." At last when the
military despotism of France was incar
nated In Napoleon and England entered
upon her epic struggle against this tre
mendous power Wordsworth was recon
ciled to his country. He felt that the
parts had been exchanged and that Eng
land now stood aa the champion of lib
erty. And with this feeling he poured out
a series of sonn.ets dedicated to liberty
which remain to-day the noblest monu
ment in English literature of the Napo
leonic wars. From this time on Words
worth remained unchanged, a Conserva
tive and a Nationalist, peeking for, free
dom rather in the liberation of the Indi
vidual mind than in any change of politi
cal institutions.
' Of all his critics Arnold has perhaps
best summed up the cause of Words
worth's greatness. It lies in the "extra
ordinary power with which Wordsworth
feels the Joy offered to us in nature the
joy offered to us in the simple primary
: affections and duties and in the extraor-
Qlnary power with which he shows us
this joy and renders It so as to make us
share it." In other words, the poet's
greatness consists in his matter and his
manner, or rather in the peculiar har
mony of matter and manner which at his
highest he attains. And Wordsworth
; reached his hignest more than once or
twice. He has left as no other Rnslish
poet since Milton has done "a great and
ample body of absolutely, classic work
as imperishable a possession of our lan
guage as the King James Bible or the
plays of Shakespeare. He is at once the
poet of nature and the poet of man and
both In a sense no poet had been before
To Wordsworth nature is informed with
soul, with an all-perv&ding spirit whose
voice may be heard and comprehended bv
man because it Is akin to the divine with
in himself. And thin voice teaches him
: not resignation to the ills of life but Joy
in its activities and duties. Nature to
Wordsworth Is not an anodvne but »
stimulant. ' °
His love of man sprang from and was
a part of his love of nature. He had lit
tle or nothing of the dramatic Instinct of
Shakespeare, and hte sympathies were In
great part limited to the lives of the com
mon folk about him. But his sympathies
were all the deeper for their limitation,
and through them he restored or rather
created a new field for the play of po
etic power, "the simple primary affections
and duties" as seen in the lives of the
great mass of mankind.. Here, as in na
ture, he finds the divine element of truth
and love, and hence, also, he draws jov
and strength.
Wordsworth's manner has two charac
teristics—simplicity and sublimity They
are found apart and united. At times
unfortunately, one is degraded into a flat
ness of commonplace that Is almost un
paralleled in literature. This Is his *o
caljert "thick-ankled" style. At times th?
other Is swollen to an absurd pomposity
which renders tuo many passages of the
"Prelude" and "Excursion" a byword and
a derision. But it is not of these that the
lover of "Wordsworth cares • to think
Rather he turns to the divine simplicity
of the "Fountain" or the "Solitary Reap
er." to the divine sublimity of the nobl»<«t
odes and sonnets, or to rarer and greater
work, where, in Arnold's words, "Nature
herself seems to take the pen out of his
hand and to write for him with her own
bare, sheer, penetrating power." it is In
such passages as these that Wordsworth
displays that almost miraculous "healing
power" which is his alone in English uo
etry.
Wordsworth sprang from an old Nor
thumbrian stock and grew up among
the lakes and hills of Westmoreland.
From the very first the influence of nat
ural surroundings at once stern and beau
tiful sank deep into his mind. Bjjt his
boyhood was not that of a poetic dreamer.
Rough, hardy and fearless, he ran wild
over the hills about his home. His mother
spoke of him as the only one of her chil
dren for whom she felt anxiety, owing to
his "stiff, moody and violent temper."
The . popular conception of Wordsworth
as the placid poet of country pleasures
Is due probably to the many pictures of
him In his peaceful old age. But this
peace was won only by a conquest over
violent passions. And In his youth these
passions were inextricably Intertwined
with the French Revolution.
. In 1790. during the last year of his stay
at Cambridge, Wordsworth made a tour
on foot through France and Switzerland.
He found "a whole nation mad with Joy In
consequence of the revolution," and with
this passion every fiber of his being sym
pathized. To the child of the northern
hills liberty was as the very breath he
drew, and from the beginning Joy was to
Wordsworth a necessary element of life.
(Continued.)
BY THOMAS MARC PARROTT. PH.D
XXII. GOLDEN AGES OF ENGLISH
POETRY.
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
THE POETRY OF AN AGE OF REVOLUTION.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
The steamer San Pedro will start for
Nome at 2 p. m. to-day. She was to have
gone Tuesday, but some alterations had
to be made.
M. d'Agostine. Rn employe of the Amer
ican Cream of Tartar Works at North
Beach, was badly scalded yesterday. lie
was removing a cap from a retort, when
the steam rushed out and burned him
terribly about the hands, forearms, face,
neck and forehead. He was treated by
Dr. Thome at the Harbor Hospital and
the chances are he will recover.
The barge Fort Brags and the steamer
Monticello were in collision yesterday
morning. The Monticello lost her port
rail, while the barge was very little dam
aged.
Thf> ex-mlssionary auxiliary barkentlne
Morning Star went into the stream yes
terday. She has aboard a big crowd of
passengers and a full load of general
merchandise for the Alaska Exploration
Company, all destined for the gold fields.
Henry Peterson's tug William D took the
Morning Star into the stream, where sh*
was anchored and sh»» will go to sea this
morning under her own steam.
Water Front Notes.
The transport Logan got away for Ma
nila via Honolulu yesterday with a big
crowd of passengers. Among the cabin
passengers are: Colonel Camilio C. C.
<_arr of the Fourth Cavalry, Surgeon
Major Henry S. Turrill. Captain James
M. Kennedy, surgeon; Chaplain Charles
C. Pierce, Chaplain Barton \V\ Perry,
Lieutenant Lyman M. Welch of the Twen
tieth Infantry. Lieutenant Fred \V. Al
stetter of the Engineer. Corps. Hon. H. B.
Miller United States Consul, and W.
Leon Pepperman, recorder of the Philip
pine Commission. Jn addition the Logan
has aboard fifteen assistant surgeons, ten
postal clerks, seventy-six recruits, sev
enty-three hospital corps men. seven con
tract nurses and a number of civilian em
ployes and the wives and children of of
ficers.
Morning Star Sails.
The Harbor Commissioners held a very
important meeting yesterday. Messrs.
Kilburn, Harney and Herold are doing
everything- in their power to put the water
front in the best possible shape in order
to meet the increased demand of ship
ping facilities, and before next season
comes around they will have succeeded.
At yesterday's meeting they let contracts
for the building of the new fishermen's
wharf at North Beach and the repairing
of the new Santa Fe ferry slip at
Main street wharf. The plans and speci
fications for a shed over Howard street
wharf No. 3 (pier 10) were adopted and
bids for the work will be called for at
once, while Goodall, Perkins & Co. and
the Oregon Coal and Navigation Company
were notified that they would be required
to surrender possession of seawall Iot3
Xos. H and 13 about May 1, 1901.
The trade and importance of the port of
San Francisco is growing by leaps and
bounds and the Commissioners recognise
this fact. In a few months the new
steamers of the Oceanic Company will be
ready for service and the first steamer of
the American-Hawaiian line was launched
from the Union Iron Works last Satur
day. The new steamers for the Pacific
Mail are nearing completion at Newport
News, while a host of vessels are being
built for the coast trade. In view of ail
this rush the commission has decided to
rush the improvement of the water front
to a completion, and as the big lots used
by Goodail, Perkins & Co. as storerooms
and repair shops and the Oregon Coal
and Navigation Company as a coalyard
will be required in a short time for the
use of the railroads the companies were
notified to be prepared to move.
The bidding for the erection of the new
fishermen's wharf at North Beach was
very spirited. There were seven bidders
and between the figures of lour of them
there was only 540O difference. The City
Street Improvement Company got the job
for $4127 3?. while the bid of the Dundon
Bridge Company was $4213 and the Hyde
Construction Company $4434. The work of
repairing the car terry slip at Main street
wharf was let to Darby Laydon & Co.
for S15S0. the City Street- Improvement
Company being the next lowest bidder,
with an offer of J1&S1 84.
Main street wharf was considerably
damaged by vessels docking there while
the work of repairing was going on. A
report of the chief wharfinger to the Com
missioners set forth that the damage
done by the ship Servia was $51 40; an un
known vessel, $57 36; schooner Maweema,
$240 10; steamer Crescent City, $16 20;
steamer Tellus. 535 57, and steamer Na
tional city, $41 S3.
Logan Sails for Manila,
Harbor Commissioners Hard
at Work to Improve
the Wharves.
Says Agents of the Heirs
Made Several Attempts
to Bribe Him.
BRYANT MAKES
CHARGES AGAINST
THE FAIR SIDE
Do San Francisco husbands have more
privileges and enjoy more indulgences
than those of other cities twrause of the
more accelerated "pace" of this Califor
nia metropolis? An intimation to this
effect was made yesterday In the Craven-
Fair case by Attorney Charles Pence, re
cently' from Colorado, and Judge Troutt
may feel called upon to settle thi3 point
for the matrons of San Francisco.
Mr. Pence opened the argument on be
half of Mrs. Craven at 1:30 p. m. and
closed at 4. He is not an orator, as is his
brother, but he is clear and forcible and
delivered an able argument, replete with
law and legal decision. His entire talk
was on the California law of marriage in
the year 1892 and what constituted a legal
tying of the nuptial bond at that time,
when Mrs. Craven claims she became the
wife of James G. Fair. He referred at
FAIR CASE ARGUMENTS.
Charles Pence Is Impressed "With the
"Rapid Pace" of California's
Metropolis.
H. X. Bryant, the "hobo witness" of
Craven-Fair notoriety, has made some
more sensational allegations. This time
he makes direct charges that representa
tives of the Fair heirs attempted to bribe
him.
"It Is not for money." said Bryant yes
terday, "that I have come forward with
the story that Senator Fair told me he
was not the husband of^Mrs. Craven. If
money and not fair play Vas all I desired
I cculd have had that long ago. Time and
again men have come to me from the
Fair forces with offers of money If 1
would go upon the stand before Judge
Troutt and swear that I had testified
falsely at my examination.
"All of these offers have been Indignant
ly refused by me. I spurned the attempts
of the Fair people to induce me to change
my testimony. The Penccs made no offer
to pay me and I asked for no remunera
tion. I thought of course that as I had
neglected my business in Oakland for
nearly a week and held down the witness
stand for that period I would at least be
paid for the time lost. I calculated that
my time would be worth $200 or $300.
"As for the woman Mrs. Horton, or as
I knew her, Miss June Payne, when she
appeared on the stand and told the jury
that 1 deliberately lied when I made the
statement that I had borrowed money
from Fair for her, I expected the Fences
would protect me from her statements." 5
Offered Him Money, He Says, to
Swear Dead Senator Never Told
Him He Had Married
Mrs. Craven.
MAY KILL OFF
GAME WITH MY
KIND OF A GUN
Circuit Judge Ross Knocks
Out Marin County
Ordinance.
Judge Ross, sitting as a United States
Circuit Judge, decided yesterday that the
Marln County pump-gun ordinance, bo.
called, was void because it conflicts with
the fourteenth amendment to the consti
( tution of the United States, which guar
j antecs to every citizen the enjoyment of
life, liberty and property.
The case originated in the habeas cor
pus petition of W. A. Marshall. Mr. Mar
shall was convicted by a Marin County
Justice of the Peace of having shot with
a repeating shotgun, on January 12 of this
year, one blue jay and one quail, the use
of a repeating or magazine shotgun being
prohibited by an ordinance passed by the
Board of Supervisors. He appealed to the
United States Circuit Court on the ground
that the ordinance was unconstitutional.
Judge Ross, in rendering his decision,
said that the shotgun was the property of
Marshall and that he used it on his own
ground. It had been shown, he said, that
the gTin was less destructive than the
double-barreled automatic ejector shot
gun cot prohibited by the ordinance. Guns
are not made for ornament but for use,
said the Judge. To deprive the petitioner
of the use of his gun is to deprive him of
j the use of his property. If Marln County
may lawfully prohibit the use of the gun
j in question every other county and every
j other State and Territory may do the
¦ same, thus practically destroying the
) manufacture of this kind of gun for the
I shooting of game within the United
*"¦ - -•¦¦' • ¦¦-¦•-¦-¦-.'¦-'¦¦-: ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ RS13E
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSD AY,- MAY 17, 1900.
Body Surreptitiously Buried.
. The decomposed and partly : dried body
of a male infant was found yesterday In
a telescope basket burled in a grave in
Calvary Cemetery In the; family plot of
Mrs. ." J. ¦ Green. She ; ¦went to the plot to
place flowers on the grave of her. brother
and saw the end of the basket sticking
out of the ground. The Coroner was noti
fied and the body was exhumed and
brought to : the Morgue. 'It had been bur
led In the night time without: the knowl
edge or, consent of the cemetery, officials.
Will Advertise for Horseshoeing Bids
Judge Cook made an order yesterday
suspending for ten days the force and
effect of the writ of mandate heretofore
issued compelling the Board of Fire Com
missioners to advertise for bids for con
tracts to shoe the department horses.
This was done to enable the Commission
ers to advertise for bids and permit those
who are now shoeing the horses to con
tinue doing so , until contracts have been
let in accordance with the decision of the
court. ¦ fllLli iliLI
To Determine Morello's Value.
The action by which William A. Slnger
ty and Louis Lammertz seek Ho recover
$10,0<XV— the alleged -worth of the famous
stallion. Morcllo— from Frank Van Ness
and J.B. Chase was called for trial be
fore Judge Dalnsrerfleld yesterday. Th«
defendants secured unlawful possession
of the stallion. It Is alleged, and before the
determination of an action brought by
Slngerlyand Lammertz to recover the
horse it died, and the present suit is to
recover. Its allegred worth. Adoph Spr^ck
mj was. called as an expert and gave his
opinion that Moreno, at the time he was
taken by the defendants, was reasonably
worth $10,000. *ihe case goes on again to
day.
Killed by Bating Icecream.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
WALTER SCOTT.
7
LADIES' BLACK SERGE
SKIRTS. richly appliqued.
vrVcV !°.:. t5 .. h0 .-.. s ! ae . 84.OO
LADIES' GRAY ' CHEVIOT
SKIRTS. richly appliqued.
HIST . f .°.:.f 5 . 5Q :.f. a ! e S4.OO
LADIES' GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS,
richly appliqued.' Value for
SS2- ...i^_ $10.00
LADIES' TAN AND GRAY JACK-
ETS, tailor made, in Eton fly
front and double breasted.
Value for $10 00. CTT etft
Sale price €Pt«O*J
LADIES' BLACK CLOTH CAPES
JUST RECEIVED.
J. O'BRIEN & GO.
1146 Market Street.
WASHER'S HEHEDIZS.
WARNER'S
• tCAFE" CURE '
FOR LAME BACKS.
*• § A F E • CURE ~~
Ton WEAK KIDXETS
"SAFE" C £^ E
FOR KIPNET DISEASES.
"gAFE" CURE ~~
FOR AL3UiaNTRI.C
"SAFE" CURE
FOR BRICHTS DISEASE.
«S AFE " CURE
FOR TOKPID LIVERS.
*<S AFE " CURE
FOR DILIOrSXESS.
MgAFE" CURE
FOR BILIOUS HEADACHES.
«§AFE" CURE
FOR BILIOUS FLATCLEaCCT.
«SAFE" CURE
FOR LIVER EN'ERVATTQy.
"gAFE" CURE
HAS CURED THOUSANDS.
'»§AFE" CURE '
CTRB YOU.
«gAFE" CURE
SOLD EVERTTTHERE.
"SAFE" CURE~
ACCEPT N'O EUBSTirCTE.
DO t f\
VOO GOOD
THEN OOME F.ARLT THIS AFTERNOON.
KEMEilEER THE MATINEE AT Ma P. M.
AND FOR THE KEST OF THIS WEEK
Tha.1 t-ui>eib Production ©I
An American Citizen.
Prer-r.ted by
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND HIS VERT EXCELLENT COMPANY.
?»at? Now r-n Sale for Nest Sunday X!pM—
Arthur W. Pir.sro> Unique Comedy. -THE
AMAZONS."
LAST ? XIGHTS!
/Cx? Sat -SPECIAL SOUVENIR MATINEE.
Each UiJy ittfPfltng will be pres-nted «1th a
t&e coir.i'l«=te piano copy of one of the niany
EU5i<-a: h:te in "The Evil Ere."
Charles SI. V*!e"» Greatest Spectacle.
"THE EVIL EYE"
tvith It? Mary Great Attractions.
PRICES— Niffct. :5c to $L Matinee 2Se to TSe.
Next Monday - - JOHN DREW
In "THE TTKANNT OF TEARS."
< ICIcM*— Vstlaeei V>dc«=d»y cM Saturday.
Sfat E&'.e Begins This Mjrsir.g.
Am I a Wiz? Tou Bsi I Am!
-CinnTT-SIXTTT -:- TIME -:- TO-NIGHT-
Of th« Enormous Cctnic Opera Triumph.
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE !
Drairiac Crowded Houses Right Aloc».
Ever.lrx* at t. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POrtTLAR PRICES - - - - 23 and 60 cents
Telerbone Bash 1.
ALL NEW ! ALL NEW !
EVERY ACT A BIG HIT !
EZRA KENDALL;
CHARLES VLRICK: LOUISE GUNNING;
NEWSBOTS* QUINTET; THE MUEICAL
KLEISTP: WILL E. BATES; MARK EUL-
LIVA.V; EIOOP.APH.
MILTON AND OOLLIE NOBLES.
Reserved Peat*. Z.c; Ealcony, lfc; Opera.
Chiirs and Hex Seats. 5)c
lfatineea VC^lnesday, Saturday and Sunday.
PHONE MAIN E22.
CAN FRANCISCO INDORSES THE VERDICT
OF LONDON AND NEW YORK.
Th« Greatest Mcslcal Comedy Ever Written.
TILL FUItTHER NOTICE:'.
The Lady Slavey
DC PREPARATION-RICE'S "1402."
TTSL'AL POPIT.AR PRICES.
Good Res^n-ed Seat in Orchestra. Saturday
Matine*. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
4tLVheatre^A>
ANOTHER BIG HIT!
E. H. SOTHERN'S
Mott Successful Dras&a.
BJBAECTCD fiC '
iffriatl i &•!! ul
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
RESERVED SEATS. 15c. Re. 35c. Me.
Kexi Week "THE BUTTERFLIES."
CHUTES^nd Z00
TTVERT APTEItNOON AND EVENING;
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW ! *
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
JOINING THE SECRET SOCIETY,
And THE AMATEURS in Specialties.
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE
Saturday Night Cakewalk Contest
OrAer Scats bj Pbone Park 3.
S n
5 n a B
B Js H
a in Ul 1 i %H S
5 9
if LioS. |
i Q That is one of the essential fea- n
| a tures of value to consider when g
! &i you contemplate investment in fg
B oil stock. E3
B The lands of the B
Q n
I H s\. -am 3
? j£ a
, IS B
ie I ill a
; B a
G ¦ K
; ® Are all of section 23 and one- g
i |! quarter of the adjoining section R
; ra M. Township 21 south. Ranjre I, ¦
1 East, M. D. M. O
I Look on the Map!
Ej And you will discover this tract a
5 to lie midway between the almost B
U parallel ledges of oil sandstone ¦
a and shale extending through 3
r BS Fresno County, and on a direct S
j D line from Oil City to the Kreyen- S
i Q hagen and Black Mountain g
i S flowing wells. gg
g If you contemplate large in- B
gg vestment it might pay you to H
«3 take a trip to Coalinga and visit S
i k this tract In that event you g
j E3 would invest more heavily. gj
; BJ A limited amount of fully paid g
H non-2S?essable stock is now of- q
5 fered at 50 cents per share. Q
-J Call or send for prospectus. It D
S tells the story- ~W- H
B Address all communications to 5
pflMr Oil Company I
j S SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. H
I n Represented in San Francisco n
I I by J. P. MASSIE, Room 14, gj
i B Fifth Floor, Mills building. a
1 B In Chicago by G. GIRLING. ¦
! S 269 Dearborn street. g
g LOS ANGELES OFFICE— ¦
9 402 Douglas Block. SB
E H
BEBaggHHBBB3BBgBB3HHHB
AUCTION
OF FINEST PERFECT ANTIQUE
A DIRECT IMPORTATION.
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
THIS DAY,
THTTRSDAY MAY 1.7TH,
At 11 a. m. and 2' p. m.
A f»T <ar> mere «nd tt wl!I b* orer.
GET BARGAINS WHILE YOU CAN
Must be Fold until certain amount realized
to t>*t » dra't.
SALE ABSOLUTELY "WITHOUT RESERVE.
- A.-'W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
AMTJSEMEHTa. v
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
I22-T24 O'FARRELL. STREET.
LAMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET/
Prison Scene from "FAUST." SI?. Abramoft
an MephlEtophele?. Last Act "RIGOLETTO."
XOc— Adml»»lon— 10c Mattoee Sunday. ¦ _
SUTRO BATHS
\A7ILL OREN NlGHTS
.OX ASD AFTER
SATURDAY, May 19, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
THE STOCK MARKET.
The demand was moderately active for,evap
orated apples' and the market continues to
hold quite steady at- fully sustained prices.
NEW YORK. May 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
18,457: exports, 7617; moderately active and
rather steady.-
WHEAT— Receipts, 187,775 bushels; exports,
7980; spot strong; No. 2 red, 80Uc f. o.\ b!
afloat: No. 2 red, 77Uc elevator; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, 73Vic f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No. 1
hard lMiluth, 77Vic f. o. b. afloat. Options
fairly active and firm all day on complaints
of too much rain In the Southwest and not
enough In spring wheat States. This was
supplemented by higher cables, a Jump In corn
and heavy decrease In world's stock ¦ for the
week. Closed firm, >ic advance: May, . 70%c-
July, 71 13-16ffi 72 5-16c, closed at 72Vic; Septem
ber, 72 11-16(^73 3- 16c, closed at 734c.
WOOL— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
HOPS— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio Irregular: No. 7 Invoice
7H nominal ; mild, quiet; Cordova, 9%@13Vc'
futures closed steady, net unchanged prices" 5
points advance; total sales, 7250 bags,^Includ
ing July at id 45; September, $6 C0@6 65; No
vember. $6 70, and ' December, $6 95.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 6S3S ' packages; Western
creamery, 16%«i 20c; factory, ¦ 13® 154c.
EGGS— Receipts, 1«,684 packages; dull; stor
age Western at mark, 12%c; Southern at mark
ic@H4c. v ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦;.¦¦¦
DRIED FRUITS. ;
A r czu York Grain and Produce.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. May 18.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 17 hours from Eu
"Itmr Navarro. Jensen. 104 hours from
B °sTm n r 3 G^ n LSmls. Bridgett Ventura.
Stmr W^hienaw. Gilboy. 80 hours from T»-
Geo C Perkins. Mass. U days from Ta-
Trtg Geneva. Aas. U days from Port Had
*°Schr Joseph and Henry. Rasmussen. 6 dajm
from Coaullle Bl^^
Wednesday. May IS.
Stmr Oriiaba, Thomas. Port Townsend;
G^m%"'san r tl ln Ro ft sa?°-Alexander. San Diego;
G^ a iV m r e Brf. 9 to* Mclntyre. Chemalnu,; R
T£ 9 to C °Hlll. Docherty. Talcahnaao;
ruifour Guthrle & Co.
Schr Defender. Hellculst. Klhel; Alexander
& Baldwin.
"*chr Ltllebonne, Hanwn, Apia; Williams,
r>,n»on* * Co. SAILED ;.
Wednesday, May VL
Smr Tltlamook. Hughes, .
Stmr Clcone. Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Queen. Jensen. Victoria, etc
Stmr Newsboy. Walvls. .
Stmr Meteor. Worth. L'nalaska.
U s stmr Losran. Stinson. Manila. .'¦"
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, Chemalnut.
Br bark Gladys. Foote. Queenstown.
Schr Defender. Hellqulst. Klhel.
Schr Altalr. Munroe. Nome.
Schr Binder Brother*. Wetzel. Mendcclaa.
Fchr Salvator. Asmussen, Nome.
'Schr Llllebcnne, Hansen, Apia.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Fort Ross.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landtnr.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell. Grays Harbor.
Schr Corinthian. Korth. Bowena Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 16. 10 p m— Weather
haxy: wind NW, velocity 13 miles.
DISASTER.
SEATTLE. May 16— Brig Tanner. laden with
lumber for Caoe Nome, was towed from Port
Towiwend to Point Wilson at 3:30 p m yester
day. After the tug let go the wind shifted.
driving Tanner ashore two miles below Point
Wilson at htjfh tide. It Is doubtful if the ves
sel, can be floated.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Wawona. . from Port BlaJceley.
ALBION— Sailed May 18— Stmr Luella. for
Nome, with schr Dewey Jn tow. - \
UMPQUA-Salled May 12-Schr Ltly. for San^
Francisco. - J i ia»w%»w»nJ' fcfo
NEWPORT BEACH— Arrived May 1«— Schr
Continued on Page Eleven.
STOCK AND'BO.ND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. May 16—2 p. m .
Bld.Ask. Bid A.*k
U S bonds — Kqult G L Co. 2\.~ Z '
4a quar coup..H4HU5 Mutual Kl Co i^
4s do reg..; 114V«.ll5 O G L & H.... 1304 4714
4s do en new..l33ail3H; Pac Gas Imp.. 45 _
2s do coupon. ..10Sftl09H Pac L Co 43U 45
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 46U 4814
Cal-st Cab os. .113 — San Francisco. 4^1 _
C C Water 6S..107H — Stkn O & E Co 10
Ed L & P 6s.. 128% — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry Cs.,115 — Flrem's Fund '27% —
Geary-st R 6s. — 95 Hank Stocks—
H C & S 5«4s.. — — Anglo Cal Ltd 63 6«U
Do 5s 105 106 Bank of Cay 403 _
L A Ry Es — 104?4 Cal S D & T*.!lO4 —
L A L Co ..a.. — — First National taa
Oo gntd 6s.. — — Lon P & A. 'u2\C _
Do gntd as.. 99H101" Merchants' Es 13 _
L a & P R 69.1024 - Nev Nat Bank - _
Market-st 6s...l2S\ — Savings Hanks-
Do 1st m 5s.. — IIS Ger S & L 1834
N N G R R 7*. — 114 Hum S & L _
N R of Cal 6s.H0 — Mut Sav Bkl' 4314 "~
N R of Cal 5s. 116 116\J S F Sav U 505
NPCRH 6s.M4UI.5U Sav & L Soc" 74
N P C R K 5S.107H — Sec Sav Bk _
N Cal R R 6s.H3 — Union T Co"* _ Z
Oak G UH5s.Hl — Street Rail road n— ~
Oak Trw 6s.. 116 _ California ...!?mui23
Oak W Co 5s.. — 105',4 Geary-st au
Oceanic S Co..l06%107 Market-st "rV* — Z
Om C Ry 6s... 127ft - O S L & H _ ™
P & Cl Ry 68.104H - Presidio " 15 -
l a n?-£?j "I - gPS&^S 170
SVi'sft'Eui = ?! g Srit c ?. n . Co -^^ 4
S Ry of Cal tis.llltf — sugar Stock's*—
S P of A fa.... -* U 4*i Hani S P Co. 8V« 8H
Do O903)..... — lion Haw C & S Co — 90
£°- "•*«>• --JUS 113 Hon "kaa S Co? 32U 32H
Do (1912). ....11S% — Hutch S P Co. Z"i% »«
c^?A st / g ""•• ~ ~ K "auea S Co.. 204 21
I £ £ r 6s - •:•; ' 12S ; ~ Makawell S Co 47H 474
£ }. ,\\ ater **- 1M «i - Onomea S Co.. r t \ 2S4
! 6 V^- at » r 4s " ~ 102 '* Paauhau S Co. 30?, 31H
S V W (3d m).101V4102% M'scellaneous
btocktn tlas 6s 99 — Al Pack Ai.sn.ll.' 117H
Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn. 99H101'i
Contra Costa.. 724 73 Mer.Ex Aaon.. - 10<>
Marln County. 50 _ Oceanic S Co.. 92 93
Spring Valley.. 96 964 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Ga.-»«& Electric— Pac C Bor Co.,149 155
Cent G L Co.. — — far Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P 3*4 —
\ Mornlnc Session.
Board— ,
23 Alaska Packers' Association. 117 00
23 California Fruit Canners 100 0>>
10O Contra Costa Water, cash 72 73
30 Contra Costa Water, cash 73 00
40 Contra Costa Water : 73 624
£0 Honokaa Sugar Co.. 32 374
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 874
50 Makawell Sugar Co, b 30 47 SO
125 S F Gaa & Electric Co 4« 25
75 S F Gas & Electric Co 48 12H
10 Spring Valley Water 96 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Paauhau S P Co... 31 124
; Street—
50 Alaska Packers' Association 117 12',j
$4000 Northern Railway of Cal Ss IIS 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
.-¦' < MornlnK Session.
Boa rd — ¦ • m ni»BJi jji jiiii
J 50 National O & D Co 6 12U
¦ v' : - street—
100 Yukon 1 OS
Shipping Intelligence.
There was not much life to securities yes
terday morning. Alaska Packers' sold at $117,
Contra Costa Water* advanced to $73 62^ and
California Fruit Canners declined to $100.
The market was flat and neglected In the
afternoon.
LONDON, May 16. -Consols, . 101 9-15; silver,
. PORTLAND, May 16-Walla Walla wheat is
generally quoted at 51@52c, * though half a cent
more might . be squeezed out for a " choice ; lot.
Valley, wheat is in slow demand. ; the ' mills as
usual , taking up the bulk of the ¦ offerings at
alxi.it ¦ the •¦ same price as • Is ; paid for Walla
Walla. "¦*¦¦ ¦•-:•- ¦ - ¦-.•/: '. C ; .... \ .
Cleared— Steamship Thyra/for the Orient, via
Sanmego,. with. 51,931 barrels of flour, and 1000
tons of , miscellaneous cargo. \ ¦•-
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA,. May-; 16.— No change in wheat.
Club, 51c; bluestem, 54c.
Foreign Markets.
OREGON. N
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. May 16.— Clearings, $324,532;
balances. $46,946.
Portland's Business.
NEW TORK, May 16.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California; fruit at auction ¦ to
day were as follows: Cherries — Black Tartarians,
boxes, $1 30@2 45,' average $1 77; Chapmans,'$l 60
4F2 73, average $1 79; Governor Wood, 90c@$l 70,
average $1 18; Rockport. 95c@$l 15, average 99c;
cherry plums, average 75<£* ¦ ••.•'-" ' :
LONDON, May 15. — Offerings at the wool auc
tion sales to-day number 96,946 bales. Competi
tion was brisk and general. Best merinos were
in active demand and dearer and crossbreds
were firmer. Medium, brighter: coarse
was in. good request at prices slightly below
the - March rates. American representatives
secured a quantity- of these offerings. . Good
greasy crossbreds were heavy, and Cape of
Good Hope and Natal greasy were 5 per cent
below the opening figures.
California Fruit Sales.
London Wool Sales. *
ment In prices as yet. It is felt that prices
have at least sagged down to a working basis;
that is. they have reached a level at which con
sumers are willing to operate. One consumer
Is quoted as saying, In fact, that prices which
manufacturers are now paying for wool will
enable them to make light weights which can
be sold at nearly last year's prices. From this
time on, therefore, the trade are inclined to
look for more business In the wool market. The
deadlock between the growers and buyers con
tinues in the , Territories, and the bids made
at the public sales in Casper and Rawllns were
generally, rejected. In some instances, how
ever, growers are more inclined to make con
cessions, r
BOSTON, May 16.— The American "Wool and
Cotton Reporter will, say to-morrow:
There is little activity to be noted in the
wool market, without, however, any Improve-
Boston Wool Market.
CHICAGO. May 16.— CATTLE— Receipts, 13,
000. Steers, strong,' active; good clearance;
butchers' stock, steady to strong; natives, best
on sale to-day, one car shorthorns • at $5 85;
good to prime steers, $5(55 85; poor to medium,
$4 30@4 90: telected feeders. $4 25@5: mixed
stockers, $3 75<Q'4: cows, $3®4 65: heifers. $3 25
®5 10; canners, $2 5O@3 15: bulls, $3(jj4 30; calves,
strong, $4 50(g7; Texas steers, $4Q5 25; Texas
bulls. $3 25(&3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 27,000; to-morrow,
23,000, estimated; left over, 3500. Active. 5c to
10c higher; top, $5 75^i; mixed and butchers',
$5 20$ji> 52^4 ; coo<l to choice heavy, $5 35 4/ 5 57V& ;
rough heavy, $5 20@5 30; light, $5 1505 47%;
bulk of sales, $5 37V2@5 50. . ,
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000. Sheep, steady to
10c lower; lambs, slow to shade lower; good to
choice wethers, $5 25@5 50; fair to choice mixed,
$t 60@5 25: Western sheep, $5 25<g5 50: year
llngB, $5 50@8; native' lambs, %:>t<ii, "'3."»: Western
lambs, $5(57 35; spring larnbs, $6<gS S3.
Chicago Livestock Market.
the following changes In available supplies
from the last accounts:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 3.666.C00 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, decrease, 700,000. Total sup
ply, decrease, • 4, 368,000.
Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decrease, 2.C85.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increase, 352.000 bushels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
decreased 118,000 bushels last week.
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. May 16.-Special cable and tel
egraphic communications to Bradstreets show
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 7*i 6 7V-
Closing 5 8V4 5 8
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 19 90 21 45
Closing 19 90 . 2140
Flour-
Opening 26 10 27 90
Closing 2t! 00 27 80
NEW YORK. May 16.— Stocks of railroad
companies made a demonstration of persistent
strength In the stock market to-day. What
ever unfavorable factors developed during the
day were ignored or their Influence resisted
and the resulting declines overcome. The bear
element was so far impressed by the show of
strength that they retired from the field be
fore the day was over and did not repeat
yesterday's maneuver of a raid on the Indus
trial quarter, which on that occasion upset
the market in the last fifteen minutes of the
trading. The market showed itself .much less
sensitive than for some time past to any de
pressing lnlluence and the close was distinctly
firm et about the best level of the day. The
stocks of Western railroads were easily the
leaders In the movement and buying was at
tributed to Western account as for several
days past. This Western buying is believed j
in Wall street to be covering an outstanding
short interest, prompted by the good crop
weather and the favorable conditions in the
winter wheat belt. The leadership shifted from !
Burllngrton to Atchlson preferred, which scored j
a clean net gain of 2 points. The approach of !
the dividend meeting and the circulation of j
rumors that the stock would be placed on a j
0 per cent basis were used with effect. Bur- ]
llngrton continued aggressively strong and j
scored an advance of 1% In spite of dentals
1 ' the recent rumors that a refunding plan i
was about to be announced. Xorthern Pa- '
cine gained as much and the strength of these !
stocks affected the other Pacific and ultimately j
t!)» trunk lines, which rose 1 to l'/i points.
The steel stocks all bounded sharply on cover
ing by shorts on denials of assertions that
general shut-downs were Imminent on account
of prospective demands for Increase of wages.
The early weakness of Sugar, People's Gas.
the Tobacco stocks and other industrials was
met by denials of various rumors which ac
companied the decline. Recoveries ensued on |
the demand from the bears caught short, and j
besides this weakness In the industrial list
the market had to contend with the announce
ment of gold engagements for export to-mor
row of fully a million dollars In excess of the
preliminary estimate. To-morrow's shipments
foot up fully $3,150,000 for France. But the
continued ease of money here relieved all ap- 1
prehension. The call loan rates fell to l»i
per cent and the gains by banks from the
sut -treasury and on the interior movement of
currency will evidently offset the gold ex
port. Although the advance In stocks was
generally wiped out when the gold engage
ments were announced the upward movement
was resumed on further consideration of the
circumstances.
The bond market was dull and only partly
shared in the strength of stocks. Total sales
par value, $1,185,000.
United States refunding 2s, when Issued de
clined Vi and 3s V* In the bid price.
S £ a ,^ es o , Closing
Sold. Stocks— md a
8,Sy7 Atchlson km
4J.121 Atchison prefd 7i£
6.6IS Baltimore & Ohio 7314
Canadian Pacific — 94
SO0 Canada Southern 12
610 Chesapeake & Ohio '. 28%
1.025 Chicago Great Western 12%
j 23,774 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 1274
431 Chicago Ind & Louisville 22 :
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd .... 12
100 Chicago A Eastern Illinois 102
100 Chicago & Northwestern 160
3.400 Chicago Rock Island <fc Pacific 106»i
I 6C0 C C C & St Iviuls C9'4
1 2.175 Colorado Southern 5^;
600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd <o».i i
10O Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16U
Delaware & Hudson 113V4
Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .178
400 Denver & Rli> Grande is«4
400 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 69%
Erie 1214
I 400 Erie 1st prefd 3514
I 1,375 Great Northern prefd 1J2'4
; 400 Hockins Coal 141^
100 Hockintf Valley 37
1.125 Illinois Central H3V£
200 Iowa Central ig%
Iowa Central prefd 47'
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf I7^i
£00 Lake Erie & Western 26%
i 100 Lake Erie & Wtesern prefd 92Vs
1 Lake Shore 210
4,000 Louisville & Nashville SG%
! 2,720 Manhattan Elevated 83^i
! 3,li4 Metropolitan Street Railway Ui%
! 500 Mexican Central , 12%,
j 700 Minneapolis & St Louis 62V4
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 95
S2.T20 Mlrsourl Pacific 56%
100 Mobile & Ohio 404
2iu Missouri Kansas & Texas iou
2C0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 33«i
! New Jersey Central ".117
i 2.1R0 New York Central 13Hi
j 2,275 Norfolk & Western 3^
i 600 Norfolk & Western prefd , ;gu
I 15,SM> Northern Pacific 551,
j 1.0C0 Xorthern Pacific prefd 7ji'
1 510 Ontario & Western 21 7 4
j Oregon Railway & Nav 42
J Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
I J 1,210 Pennsylvania .130W
I 1,400 Reading 17S
1.CS0 Reading 1st prefd eg
200 Reading 2d prefd »7U
Rio Grande Wertern gg'
Itlo Grande Wectern prefd S7'4
t cPO St Louis & San F*ran xOH
! St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd....... C9
1,425 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 31
3 ri 0 fit Louis Southwestern \\
l,2 f >0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2%M
7.C10 St Paul ii6*2
Et Paul prefd 172U
St Paul & Omaha 113
7,060 Southern Pacific ....: 347^
2.K1O Southern Railway 124
1,600 Southern Railway prefd 551?
2,000 Texas A- Pacific 17
23.210 Union Pacific S4*i
2.SGQ Union Pacific prefd 733?
400 Wabash iu
1,750 Wabash prefd ¦ 2l4
1,600 Wheeling & Lake Erie...... , 914
700 Wheeling ft Lake Erie 2d prefd 2614
200 Wisconsin Central 1514
Hxprees Companies—
....'... Adams * .113
New York Stock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 14%®19'/ic; dairy,
13i§16Hc. Eggs, steady; fresh, 10»ic Cheese,
dull; 8%ig9%e.
EASTERN MARKETS j
NOTE— In th» above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence aa to time. The
eecond time column fives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third t!da
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of th« day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
and then the number riven Is subtracted from
the depth given by tbe charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Cash quotations were as follows: Klour,
steady; No. 3 gprlns wheat, 61@64Hc: No. 2
red. 71@72c; No. 2 corn, 37^c; No. 2 yellow.
37Vic; No. 2 oats. H3V t Sj23Mc; No. 2 white, 26c;
No. 3 white. £5®26c; No. 2 rye, G4c: good feed-
Ing barley. 37o; fair to choice maltlnir, 41@42c:
No. 1 llaxseed, $1 SO; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO:
prime timothy seed, $2 40; me?? pork, per bar
rel, $10 70@ll SO; lard, per 100 pounds, $6 yO@
7 07^; short ribs sides (loose). $6 60<S6 80; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), CWJie^ic; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 10(f 7 20; whisky, basis of high
wines, $1 25; clover, contract grades, $7.
Sun rises 4 :J^
Sun sets 7:14
Moon rises 10:11 d. m.
Weather Report.
PAX FRANCISCO. May IS. 5 p^ m.
Ttc Xollcwlsff &re tbe seasonal rainfalls to
flSOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Lumber for Samoa.
The schooner Llllebonne takes for Apia, Sa
moa. 30.*;^ feet redwood lumber. IC2.S09 feet
pine lumber, and 2000 gals distillate, valued at
tan.
Cargo for the Islands.
The schecner Defender, which was cleared
yesterday for Kihel. H. I., takes a cargo of
assorts merchandise valued at $40,466. Includ
ing the folio-wing: 104S pkgs building material,
S€l ;.kg8 machinery. S0.500 bricks, 16u bxs pow
der, :0 cs fuse. 1 cs blasting caps, 24,040 feet
lun-.l*r. 2U ctls barley, 400 sks bran, 84 bbls
lime.. SS kegs white lead, 20 bbls boiler com
jjound. 10 cs boots and shoes, 20 pkgs hard
ware, 20 colls rope, 3 bbls and 25 cs oil. etc.
Quicksilver Trade.
Receipts of quicksilver at this port during
the first four months of the year were 7715
flasks, against about an equal amount last
j-f-ar. The exports were 3r51 flasks, valued at
$172.4&S. against 41C8 fia£ks at $160.1£6.
Coin Certificates.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion April SO were as follows:
1S99. 1900.
Gold $22,645,029 $197,527,409
Silver 400.379,249 407,193,610
Trea*ary 93,559,041 SL79L059
Totals C26.783.319 $686,512,278
During the month of April there waa a net
increase of }l'4,4S4,5oS in gold certificates and
S4.1S0.151 in silver certificates in circulation,
and a net decrease of $2,839,100 in treasury
notes.
The Circulation.
According to a treasury statement the money
to circulation In the United Stales on May 1
nae as follows:
Gold coin $616,535,746
Silver dollers €S,2i3,Si4
hmall silver 75,0>X>,&17
Geld certificates 1S7.C27.403
Silver ccrtllicates 4U7.193.810
Treasury notes S1.7S1.C39
United States notes 226,^32.448
Currency certificates 7,260,000
National bank notes 580,050,345
_— - —^
Total $2.0C0.D23.4C3
In 1SSS l.W3.W7,&>2
Increase «7C,C37,i71
The chief change In April was an increase
of nearly $24.COC.tM0 in gold certificates. There
*M also an increase of J4.0CO.000 In silver cer
tificate* and a. decrr-aae of nearly 13.000.000 In
treasury notes. Ur.ited States notes show an
Increase of $4.COf',0QO. and rational bank notes
nearly $12,(/aj,00Q. There was a gain of over
J4.0U0.0Cu in gold coin for the month. The cir
culation per capita Is $26 &8. an Increase of
o^Rts for trie morith £lis<3 t.h£ 2&.r£r££t ©v<*r
r^rxrted. This is based tin a population of
77.C35.C00.
Condition of General Trade.
The New Tnrk circular of Henry Clews says:
"Th* reactionary movement In the stock mar
ket developed further strength last week and
the tendency has been much Ices bullish than
two weeks ago. Good reasons exist for a
¦trletlj- moderate reaction. Values of good
properties were often pretty high; and more
or less liquidation of speculative accounts was
inevitable in the absence of fresh stimulus to
outride buying.
•'The most Important setback originated In
the Iron and Eteel stocks, which declined owing
to unfavorable reports of the iron trade. This
great branch of Industry, however, is not go
ing to destruction; H Is still enjoying pros
perity, and is likely to continue, so doing for
months and possibly years to come. The worst
that can be said Is that the abnormal rush
of orteia. the like of which was never before
cxperSencefi, has subsided; and the extreme
prices which buyerf paid In their panic-lik*
anxiety are new a thing of the past. De
mand Is temporarily abating: production Is In
creasing, and values must soon reach a more
norraal basis: ana this may not be accom
plished without seme Injury to the poorly j
equipped and poorly organised concerns which i
ourht never to have fr.tered the race of com
petition. This condition is no surprise to thos»
enjra^M in the iron business; a reaction has
long been foreseen, and as soon as prices have
settied down to a lower and more reasonable
t*«'.s It ie more thxin probable that a new
set of orders will be received; there being many
enterprise*. Improvements and enlargements
which have been postponed owing to the hlch
prices of Iron. While the readjusting process
in th» iro& trade, may Injure those unprepared
it will n-suit in piacln? that great industry
on «. nr'jnger and more enduring state of
prosperity than Just new exists. The United
Etatee. with its unlimited eupplies of cheap
oret. Its unrivaled mear.s of transportation
and It* unequaled eklJl in the art of manu
facturing on a iarpe scale win lead the world
in iron manufacturing. If Indeed It has not al
ready reached the position of leader. Already
we are cuccossfuliy placing our Iron products,
frorr. yip iron to locomotives, to typewriters
and hundreds of other articles In the foreign
markets hitherto controHed by England and
G«rmai:y. Our fiuceees in these fields is an
afMjre-d fact.; the future Is elmply a matter
cf growth. In the future the Iron industry
will no longer be solely dependent upon the
fcoti^e market, end the periods of excessive con
gestion which that meant will be fewer and
far botwe^n. for the foreign markets will offer
an unlimited field If properly cultlx-ated to
American enterprise for year* to come \\>
ere accurtemed In this country to Knells of
violent depression arter every period of un
urual activity, and It will be Interesting to
observe c« to how far them? new outlets for
our furj'lus wt'J save us from the effects of
overwupply and reaction.
"General trade rhows some signs of l*>rg ac
tivity, but not more than oouM be reasonably
expected after the rush of the past six months.
In the textile trade* the pace has been a llttl"
too fast In some respects and buyers finding
values unsettled are holding off until their
large farly purchases are dis:>c*ed of. In some
line* of groceries there are sifrns of overbuying,
and eimilar report* are heard here And there
from other trades. An a whole, however, the
business situation Is round and promising. Th»
approach of n Presidential election act* as a
deterrent 5n Feme quarter*, much more than
it really shrmJd, but there is every prospect
of a renewed revival of business when the
?lections have been discounted and values
brought down to & more normal level."
Merchandise for Victoria.
— L
Ttie steamer Que*n sailed yesterday for Vic
toria with a merchandise cargo valued at
S14.679. Tfce principal shipments were: 10,000
lbs eoda, ICO tint matches. 7S5 bxs dried fruit.
500 pkgs fresh fruit, 71 bxs raisins, 223 bags
rveXLT. «70 pigx tin. €20 eks mait. 200 pkgs
hardware. JM gals whale oil, 100 gals salad oil.
SS j.kps n;511 machinery, 56,730 lbs coal. IS cs
lubricating oil. 127 pkgs freeh vegetables, 80
cs car.ned vegetables, t2 bags coffee. C3 cs
car.r.ecJ n-.eats, 4 ce clocks, 20ti pkgs hardware,
11 cs cartridges and firearms. 7 tanks ammonia,
etc.
For Calumet. Mich.— 3C15 gals and 6 cs wine.
6 cs liquors. 2S3 gall brandy.
%
Wheat Ship Cleared.
The British ehlp Tinto H1U was cleared yes
terday for Talcuhuano, Chile, with 72,883
centals wheat, valued at $72,SS5-
The etorrn central north of Eastern Wash
ington last night has moved eastward and Is
now central north of Montana, with a trough
like extension reaching southwestward into
Southeastern California. The pressure has
risen rapidly over the North Pacific and fallen
over the upper Missouri Valley.
The temperature has fallen decidedly over
Washington. Oregon, Idaho, Northern Nevada
and Western Montana; elsewhere It has re
mained nearly stationary-
Scattering light rain has fallen over Wash
ington. Oregon. Idaho and Western Montana.
Conditions are favorable for fair and warmer
weather In California Thursday, with light
northwest wind.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 17, 1900.
Northern California — Fair Thursday; warmer;
llpht northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; light
west wind.
Nevada— Fair and warmer Thursday.
Utah— Fair Thursday.
Arizona — Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair ThursJay;
warmer; light northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
date, es compared with these of the same date
last year and the rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, eeason.
Eureka 0.04 48.61 33.35
Red Bluff 0.00 22. S3 20.08
Sacramento 0.00 20.08 14.07
San Francisco 0.C0 IS. 42 16.00
Fresno 0.00 10.14 7.18
Independence 0.C0 3.66 1.21
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 17.30 16.41
Los Angeles 0.00 7.84 5.01
San Diego 0.C0 5.83 4.94
Yuma 0.00 1.29 1.34
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, CO; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The time ball on the trvwer of the n«w Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. *.. at noon of the 12Cth meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKIN 3.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. XT. 3. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San. Francisco. Cal
May 16. 13C0.
Time BalL
Chicago Grain Market.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, In sacks, 3%@4c for
40-50's, 34e for 50-60" s, 3Vic for 60-70" s. 3g3Vic for
70-80' s. : 2%®3c for, 8O®90' s \ and ) 2VJc for 90-100' s;
Apricots,' 9@10c for Royals and 10® lie for Moor
parks; Peaches, • 4HCF*$tC ¦• for Standards, . 5c for
Dried Fruits, Nuts and ¦- Raisins.
More Peaches arrived.
Receipts of : Cherries were somewhat larger,
and the market was softer, with some stock
carried over- '
' Oranges and Limes sold at better prices
again, and stocks of the . former are getting
lighter. Four cars were auctioned as follow*:
Fancy NavPls, $2 40©3; choice do, $1 85<@2 50;
standard. $1 25©2 20; Seedlings, 63c<3$2; fancy
Valenclas, $2 60. . ¦
DECIDUOUS FRUITS — .
, < APRICOTS— From Vacaville, 6Oe@-$l 23 per
box; from Arizona, $1®1 25 per crate. Receipts
were 150 boxes. . \ , .
APPLES— 75c@J3 per box; Green Apples, E0@
73c oer box. ¦¦>.-.->¦ ,/
STRAWBERRIES— $4@5 per chest for large
and $6®9 for ; small berries. Receipts were 313
chPBtB. -¦aggWBBEKIWaM'iBERSa
GOOSEBERRIES— 30c per drawer for com
mon and per lb for English. .
RASPBERRIES— From Newcastle, . per
crate; from near-by points, $8©10 per chest
• BLACKBERRIES— From Newcastle, per
drawer:: from Santa Cruz, 50c.
CURRANTS — IO<fj6Oc per drawer. .
CHERRY PLUMS— 30@73c per drawer.
CHERRIES— 2r.fi50c per box for red and white
and'35@65c for black. < In bulk, 4@6c for black
and 2V4@3c per lb for white. Receipts were 446S
boxes. ¦'¦¦¦¦¦. -. .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50@3
per box; Seedlings,' $1@2; Lemons, $l@l 50 for
common and $2tf2 50 for. good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4 50@5; Bananas, $1 25*22 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen. *
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17&@lSc; seconds.
17c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16@16&c; good to choice, 14®
ISHc; common. IZtyc.
CHEESE— New. "M:©SV4c: Young America, 3@
9V-c: Kaftern. lG@17c: Western, 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 14®16c
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Butter. Cheese and, Eggs are all unchanged
and quiet, with ample supplies.
Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
Thus far this week 7 cars of Eastern have
arrived, and the market is naturally quiet and
easy, though there Is no further decline.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 11012c for Gob
blers and 12613c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 505T1 73: Goslings, $1 S0«?l 73; Ducks. $4 50@5
for old and $5 C036 for young: Hens. $4©3;
Young Roosters. $5 r>0<j?6 50; Old Roosters, $4 2a
@4 uO; Fryers, $1 oO@5; Broilers, $3 50@4 for
large and $2©3 for small; Pigeon?, $1 73§2 per
dozen for old and $1 75i02 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Two boxes Green Corn came In from Brent
wood late and were not sold.
Onions ruled Fteady, with moderate supplies.
Potatoes were In free receipt and rather easy.
Summer Squash appeared from Vacaville.
Receipts were S64 boxes Asparagus, 654 boxes
Rhubarb, 34S sacks Peas, 374 sacks Beans. 6S3
sacks and 190S boxes new Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 40ii63c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks. 60«i75r: New Potatoes, 75cS?l 23
in sacks and 73cjj"$l 60 in boxes. -.
ONIONS— New Red, 80c@?l per ctl; Austral
ian. $4<S5 50 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, BOc(??$l 23 per box:
Asparagus, 25c@$l per box for No. 2 and $1 25
gil 50 for No. 1 and $1 75@2 for fancy large:
Green Peas, 73c@$l per sack for common and
$1 23 for Garden: String' Beans. 2@3Hc; Wax
Beans. 2V4®4c: Horse Beans, 50«z73c per sack:
Cabbage, 40&50c; Tomatoes, $1 25ig2; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles, 8@12^c; Dried Okra. 32V4c
per lb; Green Peppers from Los Angeles, 6@10c;
Dried Peppers, vSlglOc; Carrots, 25@3oc per sack;
Los Angeles Summer Squash, 7DcS$l 25 per box;
Vacaville do, $1: Cucumbers, 40®73c per dozen
for hothouse and $1 50® 1 73 per box for Marys
vllle; new Garlic, 5@6c per lb. \
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New volunteer yellow Mustard Seed is offer
ing at 4c per lb asked. This is said to be the
earliest offering on record. Otherwise there is
nothlnr new.
BEANS— Bayos, $3^3 20; small White, $3 25®
3 45; large White. $3 10@3 20; Pink, $2 50@2 90;
Red. $3 23(iJ3 50; Binckeye. $3 50@4; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 25@5 20; Pea, $3 4O®3 50; Red
Kidneys, $4©4 50.
SKEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow.
Mustard. 4c; Flax, $1 9<>S2 20; Canary. 3Vie
P*r lb Tor California and 4c for Eastern; Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2\yQZc; Hemp, 4@4'4c;
Timothy, 4ft4V4c.
DKIED PEAS— N lies, $1 904} 2 23; Green, $1 90
<g2 25 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
tend to keep Hay low all the season. If they
will hold back for several weeks until there
Is a demand for this new Hay -it will be better
all around.
Feedstuffs Fhow no further change.
BRAN— $12 CO013 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $13@17 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26@27; Jobbing
$27 SW2S: Cocoanut Cake, $20'f?21: Corn Meal
$25; Cracked Corn, $25 SO; Mixed Feed, $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good; $3 50
010 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $70'3; Oat,
$0©S: Barley. $oi?7: Alfalfn, $3@7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— $4 50@6 per ton.
STRAW— 25®37V4c per bale.
¦ The commission merchants are recommending:
the farmers to hold back their new Hay for at
least thirty days. There is positively no de
mand for It, as the stable men refuse to touch
It, and after paying for rope, pressing, freight,
commissions, etc.. there Is nothing left for the
farmer but dead loss. Besides by shipping this
new Hay in the farmers are demoralizing their
own market and setting low prices, which will
FLOUR — California family extras. $3 60@3 73,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sack3 are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 25<§3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 23; Cracked Wheat. $3 23;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour,* $3: Rolled
Oats (barrels). $651 7 25; In sacks, $5 75<g7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
•Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Second Session — No sales. "
Regular Morning Session — December — 10,000
ctls, 7Hic; 6000, 71Hc: 8000. 70%c; 2000, 71a
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— The market continues stagnant.
White. $1104*130; Red. «@1 2U; Uray, $107%
®1 15: Black. $1@1 07H
CORN—Eastern large yellow, $1 15@1 17& per
ctl; Eastern white, $1@1 10 per ctl.
Eastern large yellow, $1 15&1 17% per ctl;
Eastern white. $l!3'l 10 per ctl.
RYE— 95<597%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
10,000 ctls, $1 C0%; 40CO, $1 00V4.
Second Session— December— 10.000 ctls. $1 00%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$100%; 4000, $1CO'4; 8000, $100%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— The market continues dull, with
a further decline In futures.
Feed, 72V4C for No. 1 and 67^»@70c for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 75® S2V4c;
Chevalier, nominal. •
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 90@91Vic; milling, 93%
®96%c. :
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The foreign markets showed little
change. -
Chicago was firmer, owing to unfavorable
weather. It being too wet in the Southwest and
too dry in the Northwest,"" and damage to the
crops was reported. Hessian fly' is causlntr
more or less trouble in Illinois and Missouri.
Speculation was moderate. Corn was active
and strong, j with the shorts covering on better
weather and a better cash demand.
In the local market spot quotations were un
changed, but futures were firmer.
Mexican Dollars 48'/i *9
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 $$Vi
Sterling Exchange, sight ,— 4 89'i
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York. Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17H
Fine Silver, per ounce.., — 69%
Exchange and Bullion.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 16.— Atchlson, 26; Canadian
Pacific. 96H; Union Pacific preferred, 75U-
Northern Pacific preferred. 76U. ex-dividend :
Grand Trunk. 7V4: Anaconda. 8V4.
BAR , SILVER— Quiet. 27%d. Money, 2&S3
per cent.
markets here were undecided to-day and the
close was unsettled. There was some talk
of possible failures In the Westrallan market.
Funds are still hardening on the continuance
of cheap money. In Americans, although busi
ness was reduced, prices advanced quietly an-i
New York offered moderate support. The close
was near the best, but the dealings were alto
gether professional, neither the public nor the
Continent taking any part in them.
There was no cold movement. The week's
Influx amounted to £1.075.000. A parcel of
£180,000, which Is coming from Australia, Is
expected to go to the bank. The price Is now
77s 9d, a decline of a farthing. Money Is very
easy, despite the settlement, and eo were bills,
of which more are coming out. Trade bills are
under 4 per cent for the first time in quite
a long period. The County Council offers £6C0,
000 In county bills, preferring temporary ac
commodation to a big loan. Easy money la
expected to continue through the half year,
when the bank will resume control of the
market.
Sliver was easier, India holding oft in the
hope of lower criceo.
NEW YORK, May 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
London Market.
WASHINGTON, May 16.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance in the general
fund, exclusive of the $130,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $141,851,431; gold, $73,390,827.
Condition of the Treasury,
NEW YORK. May 16. — Money on call easy at
1HO2M. P^r cent; last loan. lVa per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%@4V4 per cent. Sterling
exchange easy, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 8S04 SS>4 for demand and at
S4 84%©4 S5 for sixty days; posted rates, $4 85>i
and $4 S9©4 S9U: commercial bills. $4 84@4 S4^;
Silver certificate*. CO$jSO»ic. Bar silver. 59%c.
Mexican dollars, 47Vsc Bonds — Government,
weak; State, inactive; railroad, Irregular.
NrtV York Money Market.
Money — 1 LTnion Land ....... 2
Call loans 3JT4 .Vest End 91ft
Time loans 3Vi®4^ WIs Cent 15
Stocks— ' Bonds —
Atchlson 25% Atchison 4s 99
do prefd 71% X E G & Coke 5s. C4
Am Sugar 107 6 » Mining shares —
do prefd 111V4 Adventure 4
Bell Telephone ....303 Allouez Mining Co. 14
Boston & Albany. .242 Amalg Copper S6',4
Boston Elevated.. .139 Atlantic 23
Boston & Maine 133 Boston & Mont 2^2
C B & Q 127 liutte & Boston... 60
Dora Coal 3SV4 Calumet & Hecla..75«
do prefd lHMiiCentennial 16
Fed Steel 35%|Franklln 13
do prefd 65^iHumboldt 60
Fltchburg prefd ..131Vi Osceola 6lVi
Gen Electric 134 ;^'arrot 33V4.
Mex Cent 12%iQulncy 133
N E G & Coke.... 15 ; Santa Fe Copper... 4
Old Colony 207 Tamarack 170
Old Dominion 16 Utah Mining 25>4
Rubber 2SH Winona 2Vi
Union Pacific 54% Wolverines 37H
Ontario 7 75l
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS,
U S refunding 2s, M K & T 2ds eSVi
when Issued 102% Do 4s 93
Do 2s, reg 9?U N Y C lsts Ill
Do 3s reg 10S% N J C gen 5s 122
Do 3s coup 109 N Carolina 6s 127&
Do new 4s reg.... 133% Do 4 9 1( j6
Do new 4s coup. .133% N Pacific 3s 6"H
Do old 4 S reg HUi Do 4s 1C34
Do old 4 8 coup...H4»i N Y C & St L 4S..106H
Do 5s reg 1121,4'N & W con 4s ?6%
Do 5s coup 112Vst Do gen 6s 131
Diet of Col 3.6os. ..121 ,Or Nav lsts 110
Atchlson gen 4s 100 Do 4s 103>*
Do adj 4s 83»4'Pr Short Line 6s.. .128
Canada So 2ds 107 Do con us 113V4
Ches & Ohio 4^s.. 9SVj. Reading gen 4s.... 87%
Do 5s 116 IR G W lsts 98
Chi & N con 7s 140 St L & I M con 5s.lO3?&
Do S F deb 5s. ...120 St L & S F gen 6s. 124
Chicago term 4s... 95 St Paul cons 1HD
D & R G lsts 101>i St P C & P lsts. ,..122
Do 4s 99 Do Ss. 121? B
E T V & G lsts... .D2% So Railway 5s Ill
Erie een 4» 72 Stand R & T 6s.... 65
F W & D C lsts... 71 Tenn new set 3s... S6
Gen Electric 5S....1I0 Tex & Pac lsts....H4Vi
G H & S A 6s Ill) Do 2ds 61
Do 2ds 107 U Pacific 4s 101%
II & T C 5s lll'.j Wabash lsts 114
Do con 6s 110 j. Do 2ds 102%
Iowa Cent lsts H3%|West Shore 4s 112Vi
K C P & G lsts.... 70HlWig Cent lsts 90%
La new con 4s 10S Va Centuries 92
L & N uni 48 10JU Do deferred 9
So Pacific 4s S2V» C & S 4s S3'*
MINING STOCKS.
Crown Point 07 Ophir 63
Con Cal & Va 1 50 Plymouth 10
Deadwood .' 50 Quicksilver 150
Gould & Curry 14} do prefd 7 50
Hale & Norc 32 Sierra Nevada 30
Homestake SO 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 6S:UnionCon IS
Mexican 25JYellow Jacket 14
American , 150
United States 44
WellP-Fargo •'117
Miscellaneous —
LSOO American Cotton Oil 33«
American Cotton Oil prefd '.'. 90
....... American Malting 3^
900 American Malting prefd.......*.... 20%
, C00 American Smelting & Refng..Y 3SVi
1.500 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. SSVi
-American Spirits 21?
American Spirits prefd " 17
600 American Steel Hoop ;...] 21M
300 American Steel Hoop prefd....: 63?i
IS.6,0 American Steel & Wire 35
2.9C0 American Steel & Wire prefd 75U
950 American Tin Plate 22»4
450 American Tin Plate prefd 73'
21,3.0 American Tobacco 931,4
American Tobacco prefd ..130
S70 Anaconda Mining Co.. 4i»;
7.011 Brooklyn Rapid Transit". 69U
3,400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 36%
16,425 Continental Tobacco 24
1.6S8 Continental Tobacco prefd .....76
11,645 Federal Steel 35%
1.475 Federal Steel prefd 65%
245 General Electric 134
277 Glucose Sugar 44^4
Glucose Sugar prefd 99^4
1,225 International Paper 21%
230 International Paper prefd 63%
Laclede Gas 68
310 National Biscuit 30
110 National Biscuit prefd 80
400 National Lead 19
132 National Lead prefd 93
2,225 National Steel 30
£00 National Steel prefd 85
New York Air Brake 125
230 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 43
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 80
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 58H
E40 Pacific Mail 29H
8.S50 People's Gas 93^
1.560 Pressed Steel Car 44H
600 Pressed Steel Car prefd 77
212 Pallman Palace Car ...182
600 Standard Rope & Twine 5%
53,170 Sugar .107%
300 Sugar prefd 110>*
8,625 Tennessee Coal & Iron 72H
6.S75 United States Leather 10»4
5,423 United States Leather prefd 67%
300 United States Rubber 28H
1,400 United States Rubber prefd 93
473 Western Union 79H
230 Republic Iron & Steel 14%
200 Republic Iron & Steel prefd C6
P C C & St Louis 53
700 Third Avenue 107
466.S00 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
WEDNESDAY. MAT lft— 1 p. m
Bid. Ask. ; Bid.A«!<
Alpha 02 04 Justice 01 os
Alta 03 04 Kentuck _ Cl
Andes O« 07 Lady Wash .... — 05
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 28 3n
Best & Belcher. 28 29 Occidental 12 13
Bullion 02 04Oph!r 54 55
Caledonia 1 10 1 20 Overman — 17
Chollar IS 13 Potosl IS J3
Challenge Con.. 13 15 Savage 13 54
Confidence — 76 Scorpion _ p"
Con Cal & Va..l 40 1 43 Beg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01. Sierra Nevada. 3* 33
Con New York. — 03 Silver Hill 13 jg
Eureka Con — 60 tt Louis — ir
Crown Point.... 10 11 Standard 4 20 4 V>
Exchequer 01 03 Syndicate Oj
Gould & Curry- 18 17 Union Con 22 23
Hale & Norc. 25 .27 Vtah 06 CS
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 18 1:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
200 Best & Belcher. 30i 200 Ophir jj
200 Challenge Con. 14! 400 Overman u
4C0 Chollar VJ 200 Sierra Nevada. 3»
200 Con Cal & Va..l 50 300 Silver Hill n
900 Mexican 31 50rt Silver Hill is
SCO Ophir 64 200 Silver Hill a>
900 Ophir 63 2C0 Union Con 2:
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 30; 300 Ophir 153
200 Chollar IS 1 , 550 Sierra Nevada, xt
500 Justice 02! 200 Sierra Nevada 3i
800 Mexican 30 j 400 Silver Hill 13
200 Ophir «li
100 Chollar 1S> 600 Mexican 23
50 Crown Point... C9. 100 Overman w
1C0 Gould & Curry. 17 100 Sierra Nevada. 33
50 Hale & Norc... 251
Following were' the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning 1 Session.
Morning Session.
100 Alta 04! 200 Overman n
10O Con Cal & Va.l 55 100 Potosl 20
2«0 Mexican 3lj 800 Union Con.... 22
500 Ophir S3 200 Yellow Jacket. 13
400 Ophir 64
Afternoon Session.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
MINING STOCKS.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAY 18.
Flour. »ks 26.202, Sugar, sks 1.500
Wheat, ctls .... 4,780 Shorts, sks 25
Barley, ctls 3,970'Hops, bales 30
Oats, ctla 36OjHay, tons.; 303
Corn, ctls 1.CS3 Eggs, dox 24,130
Butter, ctls 571 J Wool, bales 91
Cheese ctls £31'Chlcory. bbls 50
Tallow, ctls 14|Wlne, gals 57.S0O
Potatoes, sks l,67JiLeather, rolls 89
Onions, sks 1,039 'Hides No 9S
Bran, sks 1.396 Pelts, bdls • 43
Middlings, sks... 2S4 Lime, bbls 1S2
Mustard, sks 1.621 Sugar, tons 35
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 1,200|
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, . 6!ic; Wool Bags, 2S4S324c:
Fleece Twine. 74c.
COAL— Wellington, $? per ton; new Welling
ton. $3; Southfleld Wellington, $S; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, J6; Cocs Bay, $3; Wallsend. $3;
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Cumberland. $12 in
bulk and $13 23 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16
per ton in bulk and $1S in sack; Castle Gate
and Rock Sprinss. ti 45 per 2000 lbs.
Harrison's circular says:
"Ther<» has not been an arrival of coal from
Australia since the Moana left, and but one,
the Kensington, In over sixty days; the writer
does not remember a parallel case In twenty
five years. The result Is, there Is no Colonial
coal in yard here at present, in fact It is but
little inquired for, as large consumers have
been educatsd to substitute our coast products,
which appear to answer their purposes, and
the cost' to them is less, as the coal freights
at present rule from Newcastle. The high
freights, the scarcity of tonnage there and the
brisk demand for Honolulu have comblnedly
weaned the local public from its use, hence
colonial coals will only regain this market by
low prices, or certainly a shade below British
Columbia offerings, although heretofore It was
sought for at a premium over our coast prod
ucts. There are forty-three vessels reported
chartered for coal from the colonies, this Is an
increase of seven since the Moana left: some
of these will not arrive here this year. Freight
rates from Newcastle are a little easier, but
tonnage Is not plentiful for here, as Honolulu
is a more profitable port to seek for the mo
ment. It is expected the demand for the
Hawaiian Islands will diminish later on; this
will divert tonnage in our direction, besides
grain freights are firm at full figures, which
must cause shipowners to seek this port for
business."
SUGAR— Powdered is lower. No other
changes. The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-Ib bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60c: Powdered.
5.10c; Candy Granulated. 5.20c; Dry Granulated.
0.10c: Confectioners' A. 5.10c; Magnolia A,
4.70c; Extra C. 4.60c: Golden C. 4.50c; barrels,
10c more: half-barrels, 23c more; boxes. 30c
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
inos, half-barrels. u.8Jc: boxes, 6.10c per lb.
BEEF— 0<g64c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— Large. 7c: small, S@S4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 64<£7c; ewes. 6@64c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. 8@S4c per lb. *;'
PORK— Live Hogs, 5*i@5TaC for small and
medium and 54&5Hc f O r large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5U@54c; dressed Hogs. 7@S4c
General Merchandise.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10@104e; medium. 9094c; light. 9©94c;
Cowhides. 9®94c: Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10c;
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, sound, 18c; culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, lS.'Sl'c: Dry
Calf, 13@20c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®30c
each; short Wool, 35@6Oe each; medium. 7O@9Oc;
long Wool. $1@1 SO each; Horse Hides. 1202 50
for large and $1.25(5175 for small; Colts, 2,"t?
EOc. Deerskins — Summer or red -skins. 40c; fall
or medium skins, 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium. 33c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No. 2.
4®44c: reflned, 6c; grease. 24®3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 154@17c; Northern defective 13
@loc; Middle County, free. 15817c: Middle
County, defective. 13®13c: Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12til3c: do, free. 7 months', llt|13c:
do, defective, 7 months', 10<i?12c; Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20@21c; Nevada,~14S17c per lb.
HOPS— &J?9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie p<r lb for heavy,
lie for llxht medium. 12c for ll«rht. 13c for ex
tra light and HUc for sugar cured. Eastern
*upar-cured Hams. 13'4©14c; Mess Be^f. $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork, $14 50<£15; extra clear, $19; Mess. $18 50;
Smoked Beef, 124<g 13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Sc per lb for com
pound and 8V£@9c for pure; half -barrels, pure.
SVic; 10-lb tins. 9*ic: 5-lb tins. 104c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. S^S^c per lb; half
barrels, »»4@8T4c; 10-lb tins. 9V«c.
choice and 54@6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10
@124c; Evaporated Apples. 54@6c: Sun-dried.
3@4c per lb; Pears, 34©44c for dark and 7@8c
for bright halves; Black Figs. l%S2c: White
Figs. 2@3c; Bleached Plum». 74c; unbleached
Plums, 6c for pitted and Hie for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, 84c; choice. 74c; standard. 64c:
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless.
50-Ib boxes. 5c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 54c:
3-crown, 6%c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. « 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts, SiJTSc for Standards and 9©
10c for softshells; Almonds. 11HS12C for paper
shell. 9@10c for soft and 4®5c for hardshell.
Peanuts, 5*i<56%c for Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia. Brazil Nuts, 74t?8c. Filberts. 120124c.
Pecans. ll@12c. Cocoanuts, Jl oQ^S.
HONEY— Comb. HHSlIc for bright and 1040
lie for light amber: water white extracted. 74c:
light amber extracted, 6Vj@7c; dark. »4<&6c
per lb.
BEESWAX-C4S26C per lb.
Provisions.
LIVERPOOL, May 16.— WHEAT — Spot,
steady; No. 1 California. 6s 3d; futures, steady;
July, 5s Kd; September, 5s 7d.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, steady,
3s 114d; futures, firm; May, 3s 114d; July,
3s 10%d.
274: French rentes. lOlf 5c. Wheat cargoes on
passage, quieter, hardly any demand; cargoes
No. 1 standard California, 23s; cargoes Walla
Walla, 27s 6d: English country markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL, May 16.— WHEAT— Steady; No.
1 Standard California, 6s 2Vfcd@6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, steady: flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, | quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-32d.
CHICAGO, May 16.— The wheat market was
active nearly all' the session and the tone
strong. The factors were reports of unfavor
able weather. One Dakota correspondent de
clared that the ground was dry as a board
several feet down. The weather In France,
Germany and England was also said to be
unfavorable to the wheat crop. Liverpool was
higher and Bradstreet's world's visible de
creased' 4,300,000 bushels. The corn strength
was also a support, • especially during the lat
ter half of the session. July closed with a
gain of MQ%c.
The corn market opened strong on higher
Liverpool cables and sympathy with wheat,
July %@%c over yesterday at 36%®36%c Al
most Immediately the bull contingent entered
the pit. buying heavily. Shorts in a scare fol
lowed suit and the market advanced with
great activity. The close for July was lV4c
higher than yesterday at 38c.
Oats followed corn. July closed %o over yes
terday at 22%@22%c.
The provision market was quiet but strong.
A firm hog market was -felt early . and soon
after the corn strength became a potent in
fluence. , ¦ There- was a fair demand for lard
and ribs from packets. July closed 20c over
yesterday; -lard gained 104c and July "Vic.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
NEW YORK, May 16.— There was nothing in
the way of new features to the market for
metals to-day. Business was rather slow, with
a weak undertone.
Lake corper In the local market ruled very
dull at unchanged prices, despite an advance
of 2s 6d In London. Tin was quiet at $28 35($
28 70. Lead was very dull at $3 974@4 024.
Spelter was weak and lower under local sell
ing pressure and unfavorable news from
abroad, closing weak at $4 47 1 / £<S'4 52»&. Pig iron
warrants ruled weak and unsettled at $lo.
Northern No. 1 foundry was entirely nomi
nal, being weak and unsettled.
. The brokers' price for lead was $3 SO and for
copper $16 75.
California dried fruits were dull and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4Vi@5c; prime. 5%@6c; choice. 6&@7c: fancy,
7H@8c. • .
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 34@7c per
pound as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 124@14c: Moorpark. lo
@lSc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled, 7®Dc.
New York Metal Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 17. 1900.
LOCAL MARKETS.
THURSDAY. MAY 17.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and L,>w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Foreign Futures,
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange unchanged.
Wheat futures firmer and Barley futures weaker.
Other cereals remain as before.
Farmers advised to hold back their new Hay.
Nczv yellow Mustard Seed on the market.
Potatoes and Vegetables in free supply.
No change in Eggs or dairy products.
Poultry market zvdl stocked and easy.
Cherries quieter under increasing receipts.
Oranges sold higher again at auction. Limes firmer.
Provisions dull and unchanged.
Meats easy at the recent decline.
Pozvdered Sugar marked dozen.
Local stocks and bonds very quiet.
ARTICLES.
IRecelpts.l Shlpm'id.
Flour, barrels 13,000
Wheat, bushels 42,000
Corn, bushels 190,000
Oats, bushels 222,000
Rye, bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 23,000
12.000
54,000
468.000
151,000
2,0(i0
6.0C0
ARTICLES.
| Open. | High. Low. |Close.
65% 65% 65H 65«J
66^ 67 66>4 66Ti
35% 37H 33% 37%
37 3i% 3fi-% 3S
37?s 3S?4 37% 38%
22 22U 22 22Vi
22 22% 22 22%
22 22 22 22
11 70 11 90 11 67% 11 87<4
7 00 7 10 6 97V4 7 10
7 00 7 12i* 7 00 7 12>4
6 70 6 75 6 67^ 6 72H
6 70 ] 6 73 6 67Vi| 6 72H
Wheat No. 2—
May
July
Corn No. 2 —
May
July
September
Oats No. 2—
May
July
June
Mesa Pork, bbl—
July
Lard, 100 lbs—
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July ]
September
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p H W > L. W H W 1. "W
17 ... 0:0$ 6.8 7:15—0.6 J:44 4.8 7:10 3.:
13 ... 0:54 6.4 S:02 -4.4 3:32 4.9 3:13 3.:
19 ... 1:51 6.J 8:5J— O.I 4:17 5.0 9:!2 S.!
!0 ... 1:57 4.9 »:47 0.2 5:00 6.2 10:37 J.<
n ... 4:15 4.< 10:40 0.6 6:45 S.4 11:48 2.<
3 ... 5:37 4.4 11:37 1.1 6:30 5.6
L W !H W L W H W
3 ... 0:50 1.3 7:00 4.2 12:33 1.5 7:14 5.!
Steamer.
From.
WUlametta ....(Seattle ~ May V
Coos Bay Newport May 17
Walla Walla.... Victoria & Puget Sound May 17
Crescent City... Crescent City — .. May 17
Mackinaw Seattle May 17
Arcata Oregon Ports May 1.
Empire Coos Bay May 17
Projcreso Tacoma May 1.
Wellington |Oyster Harbor May 17
North Fork Uumboldt May 1«
Point Arena Mendoclno May \%
City of Peking. China and Japan May 1»
Corona San Diego May W
Samoa Humboldt May M
Colon Panama May 20
State of Cat Oregon Ports May 20
Energla 'China and Japan May 2'">
Robt. AdamsonjXanalmo May 23
Pomora [Humboldt .. May H
Bonlta IN'ewport , May 21
Humboldt |Seattle May »
Australia IHonolulu - May 12
I'matilla [Victoria & Puget Sound May 22
Santa Rosa San Diego May TK
Crescent City... Crescent City. May H
Arcata Coos Bay May U
Steamer. I
ion.
Is.
ier.
Santa Rosa, i San Dl»«co Mar 17. 11 amiPler It
Alameda ...[Australia. May 17. 8pm|Ptcr T
Del Norte... {Oregon Ports. May 17. SanvPler?!
San Pedro.. |Cape Xoroe.... JMay 17. 2pm|PterlJ
I'omnna ¦Humboldt (May 18. Z pnaiPter >
Newport ... Panama.. May IS. 13 m PMSd
Columbia .. Oregon Ports. May 13. 11am Pier 21
Coos Bay... Newport May 19. Jam Pier U
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 19. J pm
Am. Maru. China* Japan May 19. 1 pm'PMSS
Empire Coos Bay May 15. 6 pm'Pler IS
Arcata Coos Bay May 19. * pm Pier 13
Centennial (Seattle May 15. Spm,'3.W. I
C. D. Lane. | Cape Nome.... May 21. 2 pm Pier IS
Wai. Walla Vic & Pgt Sd. May SI. U amP>r |»
Corona San Diego May II. 11 am;Pter 11
Zealandla . Cape Non».... May 21. 3 pmfPier T
North Fork Humboldt May 21. 9 » m |£}' r *
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May Cl. JP^S*'",;
Samoa Humboldt May 22. Warn Per IS
gequola ....(Cape Nome.... May K. JpmlPler *
Bonita iNewport May 23. 9 am Pier U
State of CaliOreson Ports.lMay 23. 11 amlPier Zi
Steamer. I
ion.
Is.
ier.
Santa Rosa, i San Dl»«co Mar 17. 11 amiPler It
Alameda ...[Australia. May 17. 8pm|Ptcr T
Del Norte... {Oregon Ports. May 17. SanvPler?!
San Pedro.. |Cape Xoroe.... JMay 17. 2pm|PterlJ
I'omnna ¦Humboldt (May 18. Z pnaiPter >
Newport ... Panama.. May IS. 13 m PMSd
Columbia .. Oregon Ports. May 13. 11am Pier 21
Coos Bay... Newport May 19. Jam Pier U
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 19. J pm
Am. Maru. China* Japan May 19. 1 pm'PMSS
Empire Coos Bay May 15. 6 pm'Pler IS
Arcata Coos Bay May 19. * pm Pier 13
Centennial (Seattle May 15. Spm,'3.W. I
C. D. Lane. | Cape Nome.... May 21. 2 pm Pier IS
Wai. Walla Vic & Pgt Sd. May SI. U amP>r |»
Corona San Diego May II. 11 am;Pter 11
Zealandla . Cape Non».... May 21. 3 pmfPier T
North Fork Humboldt May 21. 9 » m |£}' r *
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May Cl. JP^S*'",;
Samoa Humboldt May 22. Warn Per IS
gequola ....(Cape Nome.... May K. JpmlPler *
Bonita iNewport May 23. 9 am Pier U
State of CaliOreson Ports.lMay 23. 11 amlPier Zi
Steamer.
From.
WUlametta ....(Seattle ~ May V
Coos Bay Newport May 17
Walla Walla.... Victoria & Puget Sound May 17
Crescent City... Crescent City — .. May 17
Mackinaw Seattle May 17
Arcata Oregon Ports May 1.
Empire Coos Bay May 17
Projcreso Tacoma May 1.
Wellington |Oyster Harbor May 17
North Fork Uumboldt May 1«
Point Arena Mendoclno May \%
City of Peking. China and Japan May 1»
Corona San Diego May W
Samoa Humboldt May M
Colon Panama May 20
State of Cat Oregon Ports May 20
Energla 'China and Japan May 2'">
Robt. AdamsonjXanalmo May 23
Pomora [Humboldt .. May H
Bonlta IN'ewport , May 21
Humboldt |Seattle May »
Australia IHonolulu - May 12
I'matilla [Victoria & Puget Sound May 22
Santa Rosa San Diego May TK
Crescent City... Crescent City. May H
Arcata Coos Bay May U
ARTICLES.
IRecelpts.l Shlpm'id.
Flour, barrels 13,000
Wheat, bushels 42,000
Corn, bushels 190,000
Oats, bushels 222,000
Rye, bushels 2,000
Barley, bushels 23,000
12.000
54,000
468.000
151,000
2,0(i0
6.0C0
O Time Time Time Time
g. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p H W > L. W H W 1. "W
17 ... 0:0$ 6.8 7:15—0.6 J:44 4.8 7:10 3.:
13 ... 0:54 6.4 S:02 -4.4 3:32 4.9 3:13 3.:
19 ... 1:51 6.J 8:5J— O.I 4:17 5.0 9:!2 S.!
!0 ... 1:57 4.9 »:47 0.2 5:00 6.2 10:37 J.<
n ... 4:15 4.< 10:40 0.6 6:45 S.4 11:48 2.<
3 ... 5:37 4.4 11:37 1.1 6:30 5.6
L W !H W L W H W
3 ... 0:50 1.3 7:00 4.2 12:33 1.5 7:14 5.!
ARTICLES.
| Open. | High. Low. |Close.
65% 65% 65H 65«J
66^ 67 66>4 66Ti
35% 37H 33% 37%
37 3i% 3fi-% 3S
37?s 3S?4 37% 38%
22 22U 22 22Vi
22 22% 22 22%
22 22 22 22
11 70 11 90 11 67% 11 87<4
7 00 7 10 6 97V4 7 10
7 00 7 12i* 7 00 7 12>4
6 70 6 75 6 67^ 6 72H
6 70 ] 6 73 6 67Vi| 6 72H
Wheat No. 2—
May
July
Corn No. 2 —
May
July
September
Oats No. 2—
May
July
June
Mesa Pork, bbl—
July
Lard, 100 lbs—
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July ]
SeptemberProposed Alliance With England.
If the United States and England should form
an alliance, th« combined strength would b« so
great that there would be little chance for ene
noles to overcome us. In like manner, when
men and wbmen keep up their bodily, strength
.with Hcratetter'a Stomach Bitters. ther» Is lit
tle chance of attacks from disease. The old
time remedy enriches the blood, builds up the
muscles, steadies th© nervea and Increases the
appetite. Try It. ,
: .; WASHINGTON, I May 16.— The Depart
ment of ; State Is, officially informed that
tho French Government has decided not
to grant 1 permission to foreign militia to
visit Parisln organized bodies during the
exposition. ¦ ¦ - ¦¦*¦ ¦
ST. LOUIS, May 17.— At 12:25 this morn-
Ing, the ! executive committee' of the
strikers rejected the agreement arrived at
between the Transit Company and the
strikers' grievance committee. The strike
is still on. ¦ - .
Foreign Militia Debarred.
St. Louis Strike Still On.
WASHINGTON, May : 16.-It appears
from late mall advices from Manila that
the prison officials of Bilibid prison at
Alanfla. are under investigation on a
charge of exchanging and releasing pris
oners and receiving bribes. prison
the .largest in the Orient, contains thou
sands of prisoners. The Americans were
obliged to ; continue^ Alcalde Benito and
other officials in charge because thev
themselves knew nothing of ; the prison
methods or the Filipino language ' • It is
alleged that prisoners : were exchanged,
that natives with money were allowed to
employ substitutes to serve - their ? terms
and f that various other ' forms of corrup
tion existed ..-»*
chase Their Freedom.
Natives With Money Enabled to Pur-
CORRUPT PRISON OFFICIALS.
\ The United States Grand Jury yesterday
presented true bills of indictment against
Robert Bradley, alias Robert Barclay, for
having In possession molds for counter
feiting-coin, and against Michael • Calais
for having unstamped cigars.
Federal Indictments.
Dr. Shultz Addressed Socialists.
Dr. J. B. Shultz, addressing. the Social
Democrats In the Turk Street Temple last
evening, said that the three enemies of
the people were the United States Senate,
th Suprme Court of the United States and
the standing array. The Senate, he said,
was a millionaires* club, and the Supreme
Court was a defender of capitalists. The
standing army was being recruited to pro
tect wealth whenever the necessity for
such protection should arrive. He declar
ed that both Senators and- Supreme Court
Justices should be elected by the people.
"Whitney Arrested for Insanity.
Charles L. Whitney, whose family
troubles have been constantly before the
courts for several months, was yesterday
sent by Judj-'e Mogan to the insane wtrd
In the Receiving Hospital, his wife Kate,
507Vi Hyde street, having sworn to the
complaint. He had been convicted of dis
turbing the peace by threatening to kill
bis wife, but sentence will be deferred.
A Bogus Electrician.
W. H. Reynolds, a petty larceny thief,
was convicted by Judge Mogan yesterday
of two charges of petty larceny and waa
cent to the County Ja.1! for six months on
each charge. On two occasions he called
at Mose Gunst's cigar store on Kearny
ptreet, representing that he was an elec
trician, and each time stole several boxes
of cigars.
To Bituminize Polk Street.
The Polk-street Home Improvement
Association is preparing to agitate forci
bly the paving of that thoroughfare with
bitumen. The association's membership
contains many of the most influential
merchants on the street. The Board of
Public Works will be asked to ' demand
that an appropriation for paving this
street be embraced In the next tax levy.
FRUIT GROWERS
ABOUT TO COMBINE
Fear Cannery Trust Is Scheming
to Cut Down Prices of Their
Products.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, May 16.
THE fruit growers of San Leandro
have taken the first step toward or
ganizing the combining interests of
this county into an organization
which they hope will become State wide.
The first meeting was held in San Lean
dro last night and a temporary organiza
tion effected, with Charles R. Jones as
chairman and Daniel McCarthy as secre
tary. To-day the organizers of the new
move are out scouring the county to get
the fruit growers Into San Leandro on
Saturday evening, when a permanent or
ganization Is to be effected.
This Is the most important move that
has been made within the fruit Interests
since the combination of the canneries,
and it is being made in order to offset the
canneries combination. As San Leandro
and Hay wards are the center of the fruit
Interests of the county, and as they are
the most Important places in the whole
State for cherries and apricots, the im
portance of the move becomes at onco
manifest.
The cause of the move is the fear that
the cannery combination Is going to force
down the prices of fruit. The cherry
picking season begins in a very few days
and yet not a pound of cherries has been
contracted for by the canneries. This has
frightened the fruit growers, who see In
this all kind of possibilities of trouble.
They do not know what they are going to
do with their fruit, and they are trying to
find some means of disposing of their pro
duct.
In the years gone by it waa customary
for the buyers of the different canneries
to visit the fruit centers before the season
of gathering began. These buyers' would
make contracts with the fruit growers for
their produce and the fruit growers would
then know just what they were going to
get -for their fruit when picked. This was
done several times a year, as the different
fruits began to ripen, and in the ordinary
course of events the cherry buyers should
have been around several weeks ago.
The growers around San Leandro — and
there are many of them— believe, an., at
tempt is about to be made to force down
prices, and they determined to meet or
ganization with organization. As a re
sult of this .determination- an. exciting
meeting was held last night, at which
about twenty-nve' fruit-growers were
present. Charles R. Jones was elected
chairman of the meeting and Daniel Mc-
Carthy secretary. Speeches were made by
I. H. Be&ier, Judge Smith, R.H.Rent
zau, J. Sullivan and others. They advo
cated organization of the fruit growing
Interests into a complete combination, to
control the prices at which fruit should
be sold to both the canneries and middle
men. This was declared to be -necessary
In order to protect the growers, and not
a man in the meeting objected to the
statement. -¦ ¦;-:---¦ ¦ • -..->.<..:.¦¦.¦.
¦ Some of- the speakers cal!a4 attention to
the fact that the fruit growers of San
Leandro* hAd, raised a bonus of JoOOO
which was presented to the King-Morse
Canning Company In consideration of the
cannery being erected at San L,eandro.
San Leandro now has one of the largest
j canneries In the world, but after getting
the bonus from the people of the town the
Kinjy-Morse people went into the cannery
combine and are now engaged in trying to
force down the price of fruit, so that the
growers who gave the bonus thinking it
would help their business are not now
sure that they can get enough out of their
fruit to pay for the picking.
I. H. Begier advocated the formation of
another cannery, if prices went against
the growers, and that the growers put up
their own fruit and make not only the
profit of the grower but the profit of. the
canner.
The most serious proposition advanced
w.as that all of the fruits capable of being
dried be shipped to San Jose, dried, and
that the growers market the dried fruit
themselves, taking chances upon the dried
fruit market rather than the possibility of
meeting the prices of the cannery com
bine.
"The trouble Is," said Daniel McCarthy,
secretary of the organization, "that none
of the fruit growers know where they are
at. • Usually they have made their con
tracts long before this, and they know
what they are going Jo get for their fruit
In the case of cherries, which Is the crop
Just coming on, it costs about a cent a
pound to pick them, and the other ex
penses of packing, boxes, freight, haul
ing, plowing and cultivating and Interest
on Investment will be a. cent and a half
or two cents a pound, and the growers
want to know, what they are going to get
before they incur this expense."
t.i J - 'J 7 - "' Nelson, t who represents the com
bined canneries in this section, was in San
Jose to-day, but an offer was made to
J. A. Cunha at San Leandro this ofter-
n 2°Ji. hl< j! 1 seems to confirm the fears
of the fruit man. Mr. Cunha was offered
2% cents a pound for his cherries, the of
fer, being made by Fontana & Co. This
the fruit men say Is an impossible price
and many of them are talking of leaving
the fruit on, the trees rather than pick H
ror T.n«xt. ¦ . .
Says He Was Swindled.
James Lemon, a restaqrant keeper, was
arrested last night on a charge of obtain
ing: money by false pretenses. C. Hock
emith, who swore to the complaint, says
Lemon sold him a restaurant at Turk and
Fillmore streets for $1000 which turned
out to be worthless.
A fire, the cause of which Is unknown,
caused 1500 damage In "Wertheimer & Co.'s
Clove establishment at 14 Sansome street
last nieht at 8 o'clock-
Fire In Glove'; House.
Borromean Council Entertains.
There was a large attendance of ladies
end jrentlemen last night in Mission Opera
Hail to enjoy the programme prepared by
the entertainment committee of Borro
mean Council N'o. 129 of the Young Men'p
Institute. After several musical and lit
erary numbers had been rendered a farce
entitled "A. Bachelor's Evening at Home"
wa* given. AXter this came dancing.
First Box of Peaches.
BACRAMENTO, May 16.— The first box
of peaches sent to market this season was
shipped to Chicago to-day by the Penryn
Fruit Company of Penryn, Placer County.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 16.— It la learned
from reliable sources that the train rob-^
bers, Alvord, Stiles and Bravo Juan, have
crossed the Mexican line and are located
In Sonora.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., May 16.—Mem
bers of the International Typographical
Union in every State and territory, Can
ada, the West Indiea and Hawaii to-day
voted for international officers. There
were 25,000 votes cast. For president the
candidates are Samuel Donnelly, now
president, and James M. Lynch of fcvra
cu«e N T.. now first vice president. For
first' vice president the candidates are
Charles Hawkes of Chicago, John Hays
of Minneapolis and Sam Lefflngwell of
The international canvassing board is
here and all votes will be sent nere to be
counted. To-night the board Is counting
the Indianapolis vote. Half has been
counted, and shows: For president— Lynch
147 Donnelly 17. The vote for vice presi
dent la about equally divided between
JIawkes and Hays. The final result will
not be known for. four or five days.
Robbers Cross the Border.
International Typographical TJnion
Holds Its Election.
RESTTLT IN DOUBT.
ber executive committee. Geobre Barron; trus
tee. Francis Drake: sergeant at anna. Alex D.
Smith; delegates to International Typograph
ical Union T. H. Arnold and Robert Higgins;
alternates for delegates to International Typo
graphical Union, Phil Johnson and J. J. Xeely;
delegates to Allied Printing Tradea Council,
Lewis Farley and George A. Orr; delegates to
Labor Council— T. H. Arnold. J. T. Houston,
C H. Parker, J. K. Phillips and Thomas
Wright.
The vote on International officers was
as follows:
President— Samuel B. Donnelly. New Tork
Typographical Union No. 6, 163; James M.
Lynch, Syracuse Typographical Union No. 65,
For Vice President— C. E. Hawkea. Chicago
Typographical Union No. 18. 137; John W.
Hays. Minneapolis Typographical I. n Ion No. *2,
121; Samuel I* Lefflngwell. Indianapolis Ty
pographical Union No. 1, 18. .
The election of "officers of the local
typographical union and the vote on offi
cers of the international union was held
yesterday. The typographical union offl
cer^ elected are:
President. Harry Gibb; first vice president,
J D. Lain?: second vice president, C. M.
Jones; secretary-treasurer, H. I* White; mem-
Election Held by San Francisco
Typographical "Union — Vote on
International Candidates.
NEW OFFICERS TO
GOVERN THE PRINTERS
The Point Lobos Improvement Club at
its meeting last night made no bones in
recording its opposition to Supervisor Ma.
guire's carfare ordinance. Here Is the
resolution passed by the club:
Resolved. That the Point Lobos Improvement
Club, volcinn the sentiments of the r>eople of
the Richmond District, do In the most forcible
and eirphatlo manner possible protest against
the Board of Supervisors passing the proposed
Magulre ordinance cutting streetcar fares to
2ft cents.
A resolution was also adopted censuring
the Board of Public Works for its extrav
agance, and asking that some action be
taken to make this board show some
thing for the expenditure of- this money
other than a big Ealary roll.
George R. Fletcher introduced a reso
lution, which was carried, asking that
the Board of Supervisors set aside in the
next tax levy the sum of $0000 for the pav
ing of the south half of Fulton street
from Stanyan street to First avenue with
basalt blocks: also for the erection of
more electric lights for the Richmond dis
trict.
Chairman James M. "vTIlkins of the ex
ecutive committee reported that the pe
tition asking that the steam road on Cali
fornia street to the Cliff House be
changed to electricity had been presented
to the directors of the Market Street
Railway Company and that a favorable
reply was expected, as the company
seemed favorably inclined toward the
change.
ment for Work-in gmen.
Point Tjobos Improvement Club
Stands for Broad-Gauge Treat-
OPPOSES MAGUIRE'S
CARFARE ORDINANCE
S. B. Tucker, a young man ID years old,
residing with his parents at 2116 Howard
street and employed in the freight depart
ment of the Southern Pacific at Fourth
and King streets, was held up and robbed
at 9 o'clock last night, on Seventeenth
street.
Tucker had received hla month's wages
from the pay car and started uptown to
make some purchases. Finding the store
closed he walked down Fourth street to
Polsom and boarded a car, riding ¦" as far
as Seventeenth street, when he got off
and started for his home aloug that thor
oughfare, with his hands in his pockets,
jingling his money. He had just gone
about twenty yards on Seventeenth stieet
when he was confronted by a thick-set
man, who placed a Colt's navy pistol
against his stomach and commanded him
to hold up his hands and shell out. '
Tucker did as directed, whereupon the
robber forced his left hand Into his pocket
and extracted $35 In gold. Ho then com
manded Tucker to proceed and not look
behind under penalty of having a hole put
through him. Tucker hastened to the
Seventeenth-street police station and in
formed Lieutenant Anderson of what had
occurred.
Detectives Fitzgerald and Graham, with
Officer Winters, were rushed out on the
run to the scene of the robbery, accom
panied by Tucker. A careful search was
made in and about the place, but no traco
could be found of the' footpad. .
Tucker gave a good description of the
robber and said he would be able to iden
tify him if he saw him again. He said
the man was dressed In dark clothing,
with a short sack coat, dark shirt, with
a four-in-hand whitish necktie, a brown
Fedora hat 'and dark trousers that looked
like jeans. He was cleanly shaven, about
24 years of age and about 5 feet 8 Inches
In height. He wore no. mask.
S. B. Tucker, an Employe of Southern
. Pacific,.. Relieved of His
Month's Salary.
ROBBED BY A FOOTPAD
ON SEVENTEENTH STREET
BERKELEY, May 16.— The first class
UOder the direction of President
Benjamin Ide Wheeler and the pio
neer class of the Greater Univer
sity of California* was- sent into the world
this afternoon to win its laurels. Two
hundred and fifty young men and women
from professional and academic colleges
were rewarded with diplomas for their
four years of hard wark.
Long before the hour set for the com
mencement procession the campus was
dotted with the gowns of the graduates—
the first time they have been worn by
any class of the University of California.
"fhe graduates of the various academic
and professional colleges formed in line,
two abreast, at North Hall and the fac
ulty and alumni formed at the Library
building. At the sound of the bugle the
procession started, winding around North
Hall to the path leading to the gymna
sium, whore the exercises were held. The
crowd which had not been admitted to
the building thronged the doorways' and
greeted the members of the class as they
advanced. At the entrance tu the build
ing the candidates for degrees halted and
separated into two files, permitting the
undergraduates, alumni, fellows, assist
ant?, demonstrators and Instructors and
other faculty members to enter the build
ing.
President Wheeler, Mrs. Hearst, Horace
Davis, ex-presldent of the university; the
regents. Rev. J. K. McLean, the deans of
the colleges and the commencement
speakers took chairs on the stage.
After the orchestra had rendered an
opening selection. Rev. J. K. McLean in
voked divine blessing.
Edwin Milton Wilder, B. L. of the Medi
cal College, made the first address and
took for his subject, "The Necessity of
Medical School9 in a System of Public In
struction." He spoke strongly in favor
of the State— meaning the American Gov
ernment—taking Into its hands the edu
cation, and training of all . its medical
graduates and preventing the giving of
medical diplomas by private corporations.
He said:
"It would be more advisable that the
State remove the matter of such train
ing from the whims of private individuals
and corporations, but when the whole in
tellectual fiber of the time is threatened,
and 4t is only by a widespread and em
phatic teaching of the principles of
healthful life that an ultimate calamity
can be averted under such circumstances,
does it not become absolutely imperative
that the State take, into its own hands
tlifi education of its medical advisers."
Alfred Charles Skaife spoke on "A Citi
zen of the University." He said during the
course of his remarks:
The university Is a city or state, and its
Oaklana Office Ban Francisco Call,
HIS BroafiTray, May 16.
JSn. Har.r.ah Richardson, wife of Louis
nichardsorj. a driver in the employ of the
Austin Transfer Corr.pany. swallovred the
contents cf a two-ounce bottle of carbolic
acid last r.lght in an attempt to commit
suicide a-"d is notr near unto death at
tha hcrr.e of A. Barbagelata, 15C5 Broad
rvay. Just rrhy the wonian took the poison
her husband and friends are at a I068 to
explain, but the fact remains that she
carried the deadly stuff around in her
pocket for several hours before drinking
It.
Ehcrt'.y after « o'clock last evening: Mrs.
Richardson drove up In front of the Bar
1 .'K-:?ua residence In a single buggy and
:r.v;:ed Mrs. Barbagelata to go for a ride.
The latter declined the Invitation, offering
t-u an excuse that she had to care for her
baby. About two hours later Mrs. RJch
ur3scn returned and again asked her
friend to take a ride. The Invitation was
again refused.
Mrs. Richardson tied the horee to a post,
and aiter Mrs. Barbapciata had entered
the house, took a bottle of carbolic acid
from tier pocket and drained it to the bot
tom. A. Barbagelata, who was on his
way home, heard the groans of the
woman, as she lay on the sidewalk, and
went to her assistance. She told him
v.-het had happened and he summoned
Drs. Ewer ana Milton. The physician?
¦worked ever the woman fcr several hours
sr.(5 are now hopeful cf her recovery, des
pite the fact that she had taken enough
cf the acid tc crdir.ar'ly cause death.
"I knew of r.o reeson v/hy my wife
should court death," said Louis Richard
son. "We hsve r.ever quarre'ed and our
heme life hue been cf the rn.-st peaceful
character. My wife r.ever threatened tc
tstU herself and I was thunderstruck when
tc!d mst night that «he had taken car
bclic acid. It is true thai she took a dsse
cf the acid a year ago, but that was ac
cidental. Since that time she has been in
good spirits and never mrrbid."
A. Barbapeiata and his wife c?u!d not
account (or the rafh act of their friond.
"Mrs. Richardson called for me early
In the cvcr.ir.g." seM Mrs. narbagels-ta,
"and asked me to go driving with her.
I could not go and lold her en. An hour
or eo iarer she returned and tnok the acid.
Why fhe (ranted to i1i» I do not know, as
the r.f-vfr complained of her lot and
keened happy. There wns no ov.e more
BUrjJxieed than I when my husband ran
!r.*c the hf^jtp sr.il told me that she had
tried to kill hfrpelf."
NEW OFFICERS FOR
THE LOYAL LEGION
Meeting, Election and Banquet of the
Order at the Occi
dental.
The Loyal I>f1on held its annual ir.pet
irg. ar.d banquet in the Occi
deateJ Hotel !aet evening'. There was a
lerg-<? number of members present and the
evening passed quickly with the toasts,
ecr.jrs and speeches. The new cfllcers are:
Ccrr.rr.ar.der. Colonel J. B. Fuller. T\ S.
V. ; eenior vice commander. Admiral G. C.
r.enej, T7. S. N\: junior v!oe commander.
Colonel Evan Miles, V. S. A,; reconi^r.
Colonel W. B. Emedberg, U. S. A.; treas
urer. Colonel C. Mascn Kinne. U. S. V.;
chancellor. Major E. F. C. Klokke. U.
S. V.; registrar. Major H. Sweeny. U. 8.
A.: chaplain. Rev. \V. A. Hamilton: coun
sel, Captain C. A. Sumner, Major W.
Hawiey, Colonel J. C. Currier. Colonel W.
It. ParaeH and Captain James Anderson.
The tenth annual convention of the
Grand Temple of the Rathbone Sisters
of California will convene next Tuesday
in Salinas. Following Is the programme
during the time that the Grand Temple
will be in session:
Tuesday — Morning, reception at headquarters:
afternoon, session of the Grand Temple at
Pythian Castle: evening, exemplification of the
work by officers and team of Equality Temple
at Masonic Hall, followed by a banquet.
Wednesday— Forenoon, grand parade; after
noon, session of the Grand Temple; evening.
Equality reception to officers, delegates and
visiting lady relatives of Knights of Pythias
at headquarters. Hotel Jeffery. Thursday-
Picnic and barbecue at Sherwood Park; even
ing 1 , banquet to Rathbone Sisters and Knljrhts
of Pythias. Friday— Session of the Grand Tem
ple; evening, grand ball at Armory Hall.
The officers of the temple are: Past
grand chief, Mary Alvord Fitzgerald;
grand chief, Ada E. Merguire; grand se
nior, Juliet Stibbens; grand junior, Lilly
Samuels; grand manager, Ella S. Pringle;
grand M. dt R. and C, Louise Holmes;
grand M. of F.. Eva Simpson; grand pro
tector, Farah Rodgers; grand outer guard,
Lottie Brown.
Following are the representatives from
the several subordinate temples:
Maude Sheehan, California Temple- No. 1,
Sacramento; Maude Brownfield, Purity No. 2,
Los Angeles; Lourlna Pipping, Fidelity No. 4,
Pasadena; Mary E. Wittenberg, Harmony No.
5, Arroyo Grande: Lucy Holland. Ella L. Wil
son, Calanthe Xo. 6, Oakland; Nellie Morrison.
East Oakland No. 7. East Oakland; Anna
GehriE. Mllo No. 9, Nevada City: Ltlly Body,
Jennie Chase, Olympic No. 10, Grass Valley:
Emma Scholfleld, San Francisco No. 11. San
Francisco; Etta W. Cundlff, Emma Miller,
Riverside No. 12. Riverside; Wllhelmina Litch
enberger. Myrtle No. 13. Truckee: K. Alida
Watson, Magnolia No. 15, Santa Maria: Annie
Wyatt. Equality No. IS. Salinas; Susie Robin
son. Yosemlte No. 13. Merced; Lettle Cart.
Mayflower No. 23, San Ardo: Sophia Cook. Ivy
Leaf No. 21. Forest Hill: Sarah Buxton. Mlzpah
No. 22. San Jose: Anna, Barrett. Damon No. 23.
Stockton; Pauline, Osleo, Corona No.. 24. Fo
mona; Louise Sheppard, Washington No. 26.
Placerville; Lizzie Hale, Lodi No. 23. Lodi;
Anna Basham, Mesa Brae No. 23, Dunsmuir;
Grace Schulze, Seaside No. 30, San Pedro;
Sarah E. Johnston. Far West No. 31, Petrolla;
Kmma Collins, Fern Leaf No. 32. Ferodaie:
Ida A. Short, Royal No. 33, Hanfprd; Mary
Snow, Paradise No. 34, Angels; Amy V. Vin
cent Woodbine No. 38. San Dleso; Nellie
Worthington, Castle No. 87, Red Bluff: Lulu
Mattice. Chanty No. 39, San Bernardino: Mtn
nie Trousdale. Mountain Kern No. 4"X Coif ax:
Launn Ross, Canta No. 41, Santa Rosa: Mar-
Karet Porter, Monroe No. 42. Kern; Ida Eby,
Madrona No. 43, Healdsburg; Lottie Sartaln.
Rose Valley No. 44, Lincoln; Emma Lyman,
Hermion No. 46. Santa Cruz; Manraret Kieao,
Loyal No. 47. Oakland; Lizzie Bryant. Univer
sity No. 48 Berkeley; Annamara Tuck, Golden
No. 49, Redlands: Eurzilla Garfleld, Solano No.
£0, Rio Vista; NettI© MacLean, Ada No. 52.
Vallejo; Supreme Representative Marie H.
Weldon. Grass Valley: Supreme Representative
Lydia A. Monroe, Riverside; Past Grand Chiefs
Sallft Wolf. Georgia Guthrte and Melissa. Mad
dern. \
Programme of Entertainment for the
Week — List of Grand Officers
and Representatives.
RATHBONE SISTERS
BOUND FOR SALINAS
members citizens, not by mere analogy with
those political forms, but because we realize,
in addition, that citizenship in the university
merges, or should m«»rKe, Imperceptibly Into
that of the world. We do not wish our vIpw
of the Btate and Its citizens to color our view
of the university and Its members: rather <lo
we 'wish to show that the true life of th« uni
versity Is both the prototype and the first part
of our life •" the world.
Willard G. Tarspns spoke on "The Sacri
fice of Education." Among other things
he said:
The student never reallzPs so keenly how
much he owps his alma. mHter as on his com
mencement day, and never In the history of this
university has any Kraduatini; class owed so
much to her as this class of 190). The last year
of the nineteenth century is the year extraor
dinary for California. A sweet influence has
come Into our daily life, a friendly hand has !
been extended amons us, whose touch ha» j
meant our awakening to the beautiful, the
genuine, the good— Jor the hand is that of a
woman.
"Life, a Means or an End." was the sub
ject of Miss Lillie Moller. the young lady
orator, who said in part:
A? we look about the world life «eems com
monly to be used as a means. We see men
working that they may become rich, powerful
or famous. At first Klance some .«eem to bo
heapins "P Bold, not that th»y may use it. but
that they may enjoy the satisfaction of having
more than their neighbors: ethers to be study
ing merely that they may shine In the world
nf letters: the majority, perhaps, to be busy in
the pursuit of that wlll-o' -the- wisp. fame. If
I one take* a closer view h<» se*s that, while
I rr.any may seem to t>e striving to better their
j own' Burroundlnes, yet on the whole the end
Is not sel.iFh. The man of to-day works more
I often. I believe, that those dear tn him may be
i happier. Unselfishness Is not a myth and a
delusion — it is a common, ordinary thins which
we pass by because it calls for no attention.
In presenting the diplomas President
Wheeler noted the history and jfrowth of
the university. He showed that the in
come was less than the expenditure and
considerably less than that of any other
university of its size. He said thp Uni
versity of California would have to depend
upon private endowment for Its support
unless the State came to Us rescue imme
diately. He spoke •wise words of advice to
the graduating class and said in closing:
Into a life of measureless possibilities you
are now enterinir, and I adjure you in the
name of the intellectual faith, in the name of
noble academic traditions. In the names of your
beloved alma mater, to be true to those Ideals
which have lived in the life you have spent
here In these years that have passed. What
you will be and what you will do will depend
upon what you choose to be and what yon choose
to do. The .days of your apprenticeship are
over. Tou enter upon the responsibilities of
manhood ¦ and womanhood, the Held Is your
own, and what ways you choose will be your
own ways. What seed you sow will mark your
harvest. Tou can be what you will to be. Be
strong, true and valiant.
As the names were called by the deans
of the respective colleges the graduates
stepped forward and received their dip
lomas from President Wheeler. The bene
diction by Rev. J. K. McLean Closed the
commencement exercise.
President and Mrs. Wheeler received the
graduating class in Hearst Hall this even
ing.
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S FIRST
CLASS RECEIVES DIPLOMAS
JOAQUIN PERRY
DISCOVERS HIS
WIFE IS UNTRUE
Finds Her in Company With
Manuel Borge and Throws
Her Clothes Out.
SAN LEANDRO. May 16.— A pile of
feminine belongings on the lawn of the
residence of Jqaquln Perry, and the story
being told by the Irate husband concern
ing how they got there are the social
sensations of San Leandro. Mrs. Perry
has left home and her goods are still on
the lawn of the Perry homestead.
Joaouin Perry is one of the wealthy
vortuguese of San Leandro. He owns
considerable real estate in the town and
some rent producing property in Crockett.
He announced yesterday morning that he
was going to Crockett, but got no further
than Oakland. He returned home and
found his wife and Manuel Borge, the de
feated candidate for Town Marshal at the
last election. In a very compromising posi
tion.
Mrs. Perry at once left home and Perry
put her things out of the house and ap
plied for a warrant for the arrest of
Borge. No warrant has yet been issued.
The Perrys have been married for twenty
years.
San Leandro Sensation That Involves
Wealthy Portuguese and Prom
inent Politician. Both of
That Town.
TRIES TO END
HER LIFE WITH
CARBOLIC ACID
Mrs. Hannah Richardson
Makes Second Attempt
to Die.
She Is So Badly Eurned That She
Xb Unable to Give a Reason.
• For Her Hash
Act
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, THURSDAY, MAY 17, lyuo.
Scenes at the Thirty-First University of California Commencement.
Tc Impose Restaurant License.
The Supervisors' License and Order
Committee decided yesterday to recom
mend the passage of a special ordinance
Imposing a. license tax on every restau
rant where liquors in quantities of one
quart or less are furnished with meals
ar.d fin:nk on the premises, and where no
bar, sideboard or buffet is maintained.
Where the gross receipts do not exceed
S1900 per quarter It is proposed the license
tax sheJl be $3 per quarter, and under
S3000 $5 per quarter. The committee de
cided to recommend a license of 575 per
quarter on bill posters, and indefinitely
postponed the ordinance Imposing a
license of $10 per annum on each street
car in ¦which advertisements are printed.
9
TWO NEW YORKERS.
One Gives the Other a Handy Lift.
Mr. E. C. Hazard, one of the oldest
and best-known wholesale Rrocers • in
New York, has for many years given
his attention to the preparation of fine
food delicacies. He has a farm and ex-
periment station down on Star en Isl-
end, where the famous Shrewsbury
Ketchup, Burnt Onion Sauce. Shews-
bury Mushrooms and other delicacies
are prepared in a most skillful manner.
One evening last autumn while on his
way home Mr. H. sat with one of the
officials of the N. J. C. Railroad, who
seemed to be living with one foot in the
grave — stomach so badly disordered
that nothing would digest. It seemed
only a question of a few weeks, at most,
when death would come.
"Mr. Hazard insisted upon takinp; the
gentleman to his house and giving him a
package of Grape-Nuts breakfast food
which is manufactured by the Postum
Cereal Co. at the pure food factories at
Battle Creek. Mich., a food which Mr.
Hazard had been using at his own table
for a long time, greatly to his benefit
"He told the fjentleman that he could
pet well in a few weeks by the use of
perfectly prepared food of this sort, and
would never forget the day when he first
tried Grape-Nuts. The prediction came
true; the official is not only alive to-day
but is in better health than he has expe-
rienced for many years, all of which he
attributes to the use of Grape-Nuts and
from the advice of Mr. Hazard."
There are two reasons for this: in the
first place, Grape-Nuts are made from
certain selected portions of wheat
and barley that contain phosphate of
potash and albumen, which nature uses
in the humnn system to make up the
gray matter in the brain and nerve cen-
ters throughout the body.
The nervous system directly controls
the digestive machinery and the brain
controls the working and. money mak-
ing power. Mr. Hazard knows this
from his knowledge of foods and from
his own experience with Grape-Nuts
Therefore when he took the railway ofTu
cial in charge he knew exactly what "he
was doing, and the result proved the
correctness of his knowledge.
GEAPE-inrra.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
tfosmveiy cored toy tbete
Xittle Pills.
They also r»!kve Distress from Dyspepafc,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating, A per*
feet rem*dy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl-
nes3, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Stuatt Pin. Small Dose.
Small Prices
Good reason for smiling*
when you have the supreme
satisfaction of putting on a collar or shirt
done up at the United States Laundry.
1 with a color and finish on it to suit the
most fastidious, and no rough edges or
torn buttonholes to annoy you. A man. la
In luck to be able to have hl3 linen kept
In such perfect condition as we keep It In
when laundered at the United States
Laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone-South 42O.
Oakland Office-4O9 12th Street.
A Positive
j Cure for J
Rheumatism,
Khiney and Bladder Ailacnts,
Stomach Troubles.
Female Complaints,
Catarrh, and r
All Blood Diseases.
At Druggists,
fl bottle. Send for pamphlet to
ELECTKOZOXE MFO. CO..
t San Francisco.
?^?©-?©-?- ©¦?¦©-••O ¦?• O-*-OVo-*-O-*-O-*-O-«»
+ f.
O X
* fS Is A ?
? M Natural Mineral Water ?
> fj**^A known for centuries and t
?EJS^St Imported q
0 £«IPv only in bottles - o
0 Mjm*e%jk ' or Disordered Stonaai £
5 £.*?"; Ma Its Talus h.is been testi. o
1 fleet to by thousands, f
1 v VICHY So-called Vichy In Sy- 9
? — phons jl
J S#5B»S IS N0T VICHY. t
? ' ISiSp Get tho Genuine. J
9 8§2?*5§i2 Tour physician O
f A. VIGHIEB. Diatribatlaz Agint °
?©¦•¦©-?¦©-?©-?¦©-••©-?•©-?•©-?¦©?©-•-©?O-*
Private Diseases Lost Manhood
Varlcocele Nervous Uehlllty
Hydrocele Less nf Memory
Bladder Diseases WastlngDralns
Kidney Piseases Sleeplessness
Fplne Diseases Pined Poison
PERMANENT cu j^J£^j}^j^-
Specialists— Established Nearly 20 Yuri
731 Market St, S- F.
Elevator Entrance. HOURS— Dally. S to
6; Evening?, 7 to S; Sundays. 9 to 11.
Advice and Coo taiion Free.
•oAJ/a j DR. PIERCE'3
Mwm elect bio
imm belt,
Z\Jp=- THIS BELT 13 WAR-
/jT*» ranted to b* the latest Ion*
proved, most powerful anfl
In all reroects the best now manufactured in
any part cf the world Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows Its electric" current ta
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire 8u;rpen!»ory for men. It will cor*
any disease on earth that It la possible to cum
with electricity, and It cure3 when others fall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. rierce's."
"Booklet No. 2," free at office or sent by man
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 .Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel). SAX FRANCI9CO
Eastern Of flee— N>w Torlc City.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT HKijTOItATlVE. LNV1GORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and B'adder. 'Sells on Its own merits.
NABEB, ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
£3 Market «t.. 3. F.— (Send for Circular.)
¦* n ¦ wa f\ Completely eradicated with-
Oil L V out cutting or ¦ tyizur. Ho
rit f" J\ cure, no pay. For . Informa-
I SLinU tlon addresa S. F. RECTAL
¦ ¦»«»w jjf ST1TUTEi jj TO Markst.
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per YearTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 17, 1900,
10
•A!C FRAJfCISCO CALL.
PUEINEES OFFICE cf the Baa Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 31 o'clock every n!sht la the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery Btreet,
corner Clay; cpen until 9:S0 p. ra,
S.fl Hays street; open until S:SO p. m.
€29 McAllister street: open nntil »:» p. m.
til Lcrkln irtreet: cpen until »:J0 p. m.
1KI Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m_
rrei Market street, corner Sixteenth; open ca-
t!l ip. n.
ICrS Eleventh street: open until tr.ro.
ZOf< Valencia rtre«t: open until ) p. a
Northwest corner Twenty-feccnd and Ken-
tucky rtreetn; cpen until 9 p. m.
MRETIXG SOTICES.
CALIFORNIA I.oJpe No. 1, F. and A. a
M.. will oevt THIS (THURSDAY) .JV,,
EVENING. May 17. at 7:» o'clock. TL/%
Third degree. By order of theMaster.
-F71ANKXAX H. PAY. Secretary.
BOCTH SAN FRANCISCO Lod«e No. m
nj. T. and A. M.. meets THIS iv.
(THURSDAY) EVKNIXG at 7:»C5?
o'clock for first degree. By order ot'^r x
the Martar. B. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lo<«8e No. 116. F. and A. M.— fk
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _*%_
EVENING at 7:80 o'clock. Flret de- yt>\
gre*. Masons are cordially invited. By/ ~ *
crder of the Ma>t-r.
J. li. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
TERBA BUENA Lodge No. IS. I. s g&l!Xfe,
O. O. F.— P. G. Masters LJoyd aad^yrSy;
Louderback and other repr<?senta- r
tiree will officially report the pro- -v/""
c<*e<IlnKB of the Grand Lodge and condition of
the home THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING.
J. y, SCHLOBN. X. O.
— — "
ABOU EHN ADHEM L^ce No.
BJ. I- O. O. F .— Initiation. TO-
NIGHT. T. G. OBBAM. J>'. G. -^//"^
TINNERS' Union will mett at K. P. Hall, 909
Market Ft. FRIDAY, May IS. All tinner* and
sheet-iron worker* requested to attend.
AVNTAL meeting— The rerular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
V Eter Company Wiil be hela et S2T Market
»=t., San FVanc'.sco. California, on MONDAY,
the :v.h day o: May, IM% at the hour o! S p.
m., for the purpose of e!e<7ting a board of di-
rector* to serve for the ecsulriK year and the
transaction of such other business as may
ccme before the meeting-. Transfer book* will j
clone on Friday. May IS. 1K*>. at S o'clock j
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
ANNUAL meetine— The irular annual meeting |
of the Hockhoiiiers of the JndeiMnidect Klec- |
trick LJel'.t and Power Company will be held ]
at tie o:noe of the ccmsaay. S2T Market st,.
Par. Fnar.'-iJco, Cal.. on MONDAY, the Sth
dar of May, A. D. IMA. e.t the hour of 11
rv'ctark a. rn.. for th» purpone of *lectlnr a ;
board of directors to serve for the ensuing j
; ear ar.d t)-.& transaction of euch other bu«l- i
iies* a& ir.ay come before the meeting; trans- I
:er bocks will cIof* on Friday. Mty 2i. 1SC0,
at I o'clock x>. iu.
J. M. TAYLOR, Secretary.
AJ5TIIOI.OGY.
i'P.OF. A. UAEEB1 of Eg>-pt. greatest tstrol-
og'.Ft ir.d p&'O'Jst !n the world; tulst action
iruarar.teefl. 1.'. Powell st- ]
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce l»w a specialty; private; j
r.o fee without success; collections. G. \V. |
HOWE, att'y at law. 600 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: r.o charge unless «ucce«sful. \T r
VF. I>AV1DSOX. VZ7 Market ft., opp. Mascn.
L S. CLARK. Err.tna Spreckels bldir., S27 Mar-
ket Ft.; consultation free: no fee*» in advance.
MATH CAUINET MOT AIR. VAPOR.
K<.7nrN£ON"lTT^anei folding; door opens; firm
nrd fafe. \V. t=. BROWN, pen, agt.. *2t Ellis.
6PEClX£~ltNlcOVNCEMENT.
IMPORTED FAfiHODA CONQUEROR.
Ey CbttaplOB Fashcda. out of Coe by Grlir.by ;
fr^ar. imported expres-sly to head our Mud; i
the only !iv,r.g image of his celebrated sire; i
KaKhtxla. Conqueror vrV-1 be bred only to high- .
rlasti does; service. S5'j; fanciers and Judges I
of thoroughbred Belgians aro cordially In- j
cited to visit Farhoda Conqueror, the finest ;
li.'.jilan now In America; correspondence so-
licited: visitors welcome: ample facilities for
care of does shipped uf by express.
IMPEKIAL KAUB1TKV.
FRX'ITVALE AVE., FUUITVALE. CAI^.
CALIFOHNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION.
Capital !>t .ck SK.OOO.
IMPORTHRS. BRnEIiEIlS A.VD JOBBERS.
Oi5«?ount8 to Dealers.
CeJl end exEH'.lne the larfceet and best atsort-
Cient of Hares en th* Pacific Coast.
We tn:ara.nt»(> our on'.nials and pedigrees.
SO anima!« JUFt received from England that
¦rill actunish ynu.
G"O. A. TOUXG. Manager.
Webster-ft. Station.
Narrow-cauee P.a!!road, Alameda.
Telerhcne Grand Vll- ;
OPKN eCXT»ATB AND HVENINGS.
GOL1>KN OATK IJKLOIA.N" HARE CO.
««. €11 Ooldon Gate ave.
PASHODA KING. Imported.
Hiyb-clafi' bncka and pediprepd (So««.
A full itn<> of rabbStry suppllee.
ICurs-e does rented, fj.
IRA HARKEIt PALZIEU Propr.
XBOBODOBBSEO Iiclrian <loe«. bred to Royal !
Eovereica. t\i to t~i; m Emr>eror of Norfolk, t
tM to PS; 10 Ajax fhijrhest-scorlng bu'-k In i
Arr.crlcai. $3'^ to V-0: (nonascten, all strains. €
weeks 12 If 1 ; 10 werk?, $3 50; 3 month". J5 and j
TT :<•. Kerjdood Ratibltry. ;J0 14th Ft.. Oakland.
I/iRD r"a?hr>da <I"h1<f. lrr:;>ort»»d from England
March. 1909; proi-e. SS^i: fee, «15: breeding d-^es
end doe. with Utters. EUREKA RA1B1TRY.
1516 Turk ft.
CXJtRCSIONT r.elpian Hare Association — Does
bred to Fafhoda Plluea and Royal Rochdale.
S" n to K0: bPFt rtrain youngrters, JJ to }1S.
*?:6 Tf-leprarh ave.. Oakland.
TI{EiX>N ; T liELGIAN~I!ARE CO.. 2134 F1U-
more »:t.. Fan Francisco. Cal. Send € cents
in etamr* for book en care and feeding.
niCYCL.ES-— Fop «nle or Eichance.
NEW Cleveland blrycles; better than ever; WO.
LEAVITT Ar T.ILL. 20» Lerkln Ft.
GREAT barsainB In Becond-h.and blcycl»«; from
»f> up: «er.d for lifit. LEAV1TT & BILL. 30*
1-nrkln Ft.. Fan Frsnclsoo.
DOARDIXG FOIl CHILDUBV
CHILD 2 years up: f>unny yard; experienced
woman. . r ,21 Castro et.
BOOKS — XEW AMI OLD.
•¦CHOOL KOOKa rourht and exchanged.
H-'r>»- n^k ry... w Mil ilim «? t>**t Third.
HOOT AND SQOB DARGAI.\S.
EARGaIN'S. :.idi>-s and children's shoes: drum-
mers' camples rr.fr. cost. Kohlbecher. Ha 4th.
BUSINESS CIIANCKS.
A— $2X00; COFFEE ealoon; eetabllshed many
years and doing a firet-class paying- business;
rent JH"0; choicest location; only two blocks
north of Chror.irle bl*lg. Particulars K. G.
W1LKE. IM iiarket ft.
A-«3^0; CORNER branch bakery and grocery.
mtlth 4 livine rooms, on CJeary Ft.; low rent
aril good paying business; a rare chanca.
<:a'.! B. O. WILKE, S0€ Market st.
A— Wot}; SALOON, with living rooms; estab.
many years ar.fi pood paying nlace; on Sixth
et. ; low rer.t. Call R. G. WILKE. 306 Market.
A — ISSO; DELICACY and candy store: choicest [
locetlcr; on :.!:<¦(-.¦ r. 6t. ; rent J25; llrtng rooms;
Oi'ly. n-c*!pti? 510; p!ac<» must b« sold at once- !
owner to lf«ve the city. Call K. G. WILKE. i
£06 Mafkft tt. |
Jl— S50C-: CHOPHOUSE ar.d restaurant: estab- |
Ilehed 10 years; rent SIS; cpp. R. R. depot; a
rp!en£!d char.ce and a ecod paying business. !
Call H. G. WILKE. *M Market «. :
A— *C0j CORNER salcon. 1 block from Market
and Stockton *ts: net rent $C3; a good paying
arid old-enah'ished business. Particulars R.
O. WILKE. M0€ Market ft.
A— J40OO; BEST locateU «alocn on Market ft;
tvlth 7 club and ladirs' rooms and fine
FrouncSe; pl-c» Is taown over the V. B. and
Europe «r.<l doing a large, prcfltable business
Particulars R. O. WILKE. SC« Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted In the best-paying cornsr
saloon. ccr.nected with club and ladies' roora«-
choicest location on Market rt.; close to Ph»-
lan building; 2 years' lease, with S yearn" op- I
tion; rent tlSS; a rare chance for the rieht i
party. See K. O. WILKE, fQt M&rket eU
A— ?M0": CORNER saloon m who!<?«.al(. district-
no night cr Sunday work; c years' lease'
place kept by owner 11 years and clears above !
$3#) t*t month: a splendid ofter. Call R G
WILKE. S4« Market et.
A— tlOOO— RESTAURANT; all hardwood furnl- :
Money-maker
7 furnished rooms; owner 6 years: clears iijj
month; must eeU. STEN13EKO CO.. J35 Mar-
ket t\~
A. 9TENBERG CO
PHONE FOLSOM 134J
{COO — Branch bakery with eunny rms. ; Mission
|BW)_Ci C ar etand on Market st.; receipts 115
H'Jh-Cor. crocr-ry and bar; owner there 7 yrs
.^Z7.....A. HTENBERO CO.. £23 Market tl
A—iiOO- LAOTDHT route clearing $«» a month;
eryxi horse and waenn; full investlgaUon and
trial folldted before buying; splendid oppor-
tunity. STENHERG CO.. 935 Market «t.
A-tCSO; RESTAURANT north of Market; many
years established and doing a first-class busl-
neey wl'l bear Inve«t1<rat!on; owner compelled
to f Vlireidcne;«. 6TE-NBERO CO.. 835 Market.
MW-RELIABLE man Partner In rtaire route
CArrjin* U. fl. mall. I>ane & Co.. ««5 MarkeL
business chaivces — continued.
$530— STORAGE and draying business; large
barn; i fine horses and harness; everything
complete; bu«tne£» on paring basis. KREDO
& CO.. 36 Ccary st.
$£7G— BRANCH bakery, confectionery and
cifjrs; party going to country; location «x-
ceilent: no opposition: a. bargain. KRBDO &
CO.. Sfi Oearr Bt. .
$30— A DOWNTOWN restaurant: $30 daily:
call for particulars. KREDO & CO-. 38 Geary.
LOOK AT THIS BARGAIN.
Saloon end boarding: house; Sf rooms: rent
J4f; kotkI location; profitable business: owner
retiring cause or sale. M. A. BROOKS. II
Go'.den Gate avs,
OYSTER and cl:op house. Including everything
perlalnir.K to the business: well patronized by
a good claM> of people; will be sold at half Its
value, M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
$650— RESTAURANT; bargain this day. Mo-
UIGHUX & CO.. 7T7& Market 8t.
$250— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing buel- |
neus. atcLAUGHLJN & CO.. 77?^ Market et.
$350— PARTNER wanted m manufacturing busl-
nete. McLAUQHLIN & CO.. 777*fc Market *t.
J25O— WOOD, coal, her and grain business;
other buKinere cause of sale. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. T7TU Market »t.
A^JJO^PARTNER wanted in good paying
business ; US to $J5 & week; no experience re-
Quired; trial given. 206 Montgomery ave. ;
hours S to 6 D m.
BLACKSMITH shop for sale acroes the bay,
near 5an Francisco, doing a fine business;
must be eold Immediately. Apply to SLIN-
KEY & PAGE, 873 Market at., near Fifth.
FOR sale— Modern safe, 7Gx3<bc31-47:i»;xl8; also
one wciaU one. Box 234S. Call.
ROAD hou!>©; 20 acres; must be »old; a snap;
lime. 304 Third »t.. room 9.
SALOON: doing: rood business; wholesals dis-
trict; excellent opportunity. Apply 12 First st.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor; must sell; bar-
gain. 230 ElllB St. •
SALOON; good location. Inquire at KK Kearny
et.. room U.
GROCERY and saloon ; good location; pood.
6teck and fixtures; at a bargain. 219 Natoma.
' FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale Immediately;
I owner (joins north: paying well; Al location;
: 52^00; no agents. Pox 2222. Call offlc*.
! A GOOD-PAYING dairy for sale: no reasonable
j offer refused; departure. Box 2354. Call.
• A RESTAURANT; suitable for man and wife;
j good iocatlon. 239 Eighth st.
RESTAURANT for sale; fa-oine East. Inquire
135 East et.
j $$00— GROCERY «nd b«r. suitable for man and
; wife: good location; reason for selling, party
! goirg East. Apply 10*4 Howard st.
I F"RNI?HEI> restaurant to rent. Inquire 123
j Edrt;.- st.
$:40O— GP.OCERY and bar; lease b years and 7
months; rent $40; good paying place; corner
Geary and I>eavenworth sts.
FOR SALE — SaJoon: old-established placa; rent
$20. SCULLY & SON. 420 Sacramento st.
i WELL paying branch bakery, living rooms, for
i pale cheap account of leaving city. Call 3012
] Sixteenth st.
i BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing shop; estab-
I llshed 15 years; central location. Address
; box 2139. Call.
I FOR sale— The Central Hotel In Naoa. con-
i tainlnz thirty rooms; central location: price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa. Cal.
' PLUMBING ehep. etock and shop tools; in
good location. Bex 45EZ, Call.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper fhop; also steel range; doing good
bi!5iness: *i>tabli*hed 14 rears. 411H Califor-
nia ft.. EVCKXE ROBINET.
DRUG store for i-ale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property: a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug store In a good mining town; cash trade.
Call at 730 O'Farrell tt.. city.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento et.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
| subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
ler.cla »t.
LODGIXG-IIOUSES FOR SALE.
i 16 ROOMS: fine corner: clears $150 51000 I
j 22-room house: on Turk st 750 i
I 1! rooms; on beet street 400 j
34 rooir.s: corner; clears $200 1600 |
U rooms; on .Tones; clears JS3 400
10 rooms: fine corner; on Mission 460 |
lO-rocm houp*; new furniture 200 j
I'-room house; on Post Ft 400;
18 rooir.s: on one floor; near Coll office — . CCu
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 4<rf) |
10 rooms: on Mason St.: payments 450
MOXET TO I/")AN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN CL *
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market Bt.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call b\6g. |
Any etreet. Jone«. Elll*. Mason. Turk. Sutter. |
Van Ness Taylor. Howard, etc.. 10 rooms. t;25 I
up: 12 to 14 room?, J3U0 to $S00; Income J?4 to ;
J130: $550 17 r. clears %'A; *K00. T4 r., clears I
f'O; % r.. J?jO, tl200, $1800. all coining money;
4). 43. 41. 46. 4S. U). CS, U, CO and Oi r. ; ask
for ttem. i I
A-S500 A IM
ion ROOMS
MUST. SELL.
WINPTON & CO.. 10:S Market st.
1 LANE A CO.. S65 Markot. will sell your lodg-
! Itik house or burlnfES nulclcly for cash: llet It
j with us; be convinced; costs nothing. :
j %\2Vh- S3 RC»OMS. all rented: good location. n«>ir
Market: cent.: rpnt $7.* month. Ka.«llf. 3 Eddy, i
CARRIAGES AND WACOXS. i
1 ALL kinds of wapon?, bupgios, carts, harness,
I etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON, IU7 Mission st.
! NETl' &. 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
! ners. work & driving hor»"p. 15th & Valnncla.
SPIRITUALISM.
MME YOT*N"G'S convincing test circle to-
I night. 6<>5 McAllister st. : 10c: come, skeptics.
1 EDWARD EARLE. S30 Hills St.— France Sun-
i day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MRS LESTER BAILEY— Circle this eAenlng:
10c; readings dally. 1204 Fillmore st.
GO to WATSON, the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist; 20c. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium: 3A Sixth St.:
few <Iay» only; cut this out.
MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and mag-
netic treatments. 1206 Market Tt., rooms 15-16.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clalrvoyant. test, business
medium, life reader; sitting, JL 1104 Market.
MEDA HOPKINS, spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
Itet. bet. 10th and 11th: olr. Mon.. S p. m.
CLAIRVOVAXTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK!
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May tx» consulted en all affairs of life; while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
*he will ehow you how to overcome your ene-
mies, remove family troubles, restore lost af-
fections, unite the Feparated. recover lost or
stolen property: locates minerals; tells your
entire life wMle in a perfect trance; satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mail.
Bend etamp for circular, with special term*.
MRK. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk St.. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANCE, the great clairvoyant, tolls past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egptlan
eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
; MADAM DENNY, clairvoyant and card reader;
1 2'*: and COc. 752 Bryant st., near 6th; no sign.
: MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
I reader ;O<man spoken. 321V4 Mission, op.Mlnt.
' CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice,. 823
> Mission t>t.. near 4th. mi. 3; 25c up: ring bell.
j MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader; readings Ijc; no elrn.
LIFE readings with card*. 25c and tOc; palm-
istry Jl. 1J82 Market, r. 27, opp. O. F.*s bids.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 212% Sixth sL
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; Z~*c up. S Fourth st.
MME. EYBILLE— Cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picti're; 2f.c: ladle?. 314 OTarrell st.
CAPE SOME,
TO Cape Nome Tor I*) by 4000-ton steel steamer
calling May 26 from S. F. C. F. MOORE. 935
Market St.. room 6. Agent.
GROCERIES, provini.-.ns. tents; packed, shipped
; tree. SBARBORO fc CO.. 621 Montgomery.
CAIU'KT HI2ATIXG AMI CWU.MXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
tend lo PPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353— £57 Tehama St.; tel. 6. 40.
! BEK1XS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.,
tel. Houth t35— 1'acklng. moving and storage.
' BAN1TARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.
• S42-3H McAllister St.; phone South 14».
! J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatl "g Co -. 2*0 »th st.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Kteam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
; BTEVCNS. mgr., 3«!-40 8th sL; tel. South 250.
I J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.;
- <£» Btevenson st.; tel. South 228: lowest rate*.
- CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c.
f STRATTON'8. i Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 044.
1 ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter St.;
- tel. Main t94. GEO. WAIXTOM, proprietor.
i CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Work*. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East i:«.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. RoOtn 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES "TO LET. ~
BUNNY cottages, 4 and 6 rooms, basement:
yard: stable; also corner bay-window flat 7
rooms, bath. 1S76 Fifteenth st. near Dolores.
COTTAGE— 4 rooms and cellar: good order. 417
Green Bt, near Dupont; rent $8.
$12— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, rear; also 4-room
flat, bath. $18. Apply 2C24 California st.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— FurnlFhed cottage, modern, bath, 6
rooms; car line; adults; well out;' moderate
rent. Box 2326. Call offlce. j
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber Plate, $5; a
, full set of teeth on a cold plate, $2o; teeth ,
i without a plate; crown and bridge work our
' specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
1 and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c; crowns $3 50; all work
palnleRS and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket St.. cor 4th,, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions 'done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. f< 60 up? of-
flce hours 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell it, ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by hU won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges; $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 flrst
prires; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crowns, $1; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
cllver, 90c; painless extraction, 60c; g** given.
New Tork Dental Parlors, S69 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charce for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting, 60o; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 7ic. with writ-
ten guarantee for S years; plates, $3; crowna.
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st
PARIS Denttil Parlor, 235 Kearny, '"or. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $«; crowna. $3; fillings, Ko.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1C01 Market Bt.. cor. Sixth.
SET of t«H?th without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG,
ISO Polk et.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mance cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hoaplt.ul.
tlO Grlrten Gate ave.; a special ward rcurved
for contagious dteeafes. Telephone Ea^t K7.
DR. BUZARD'S Dof Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; nil
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEA3ISTRI2SSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT, ("CO Butter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dresemakin-r, 3S7 Geary pt : dresses
made, Jo up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleattn*- factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Po»t cverO'Connor&Moffatt j
EDICATIOSAU
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par- !
rott building: Gallagher, 18 years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr. expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALTHS Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping-, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; n«w SO-pase catalogue free.
AYRES', the leading buelness college. 728 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, tpylng; life
scholarship, $;0; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking- full course this
year sot positions. SAN" FRANCISCO BU3I-
NESS COLLEGE. 1Z36 Market Bt.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln Bt.:
the coming school; thorough; up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
EXGIKEERING. civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: flay, eve.; «st. 1864.
VAN DER KAICLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND tausht personally or by mall; ac-
l-nowledir'cl by official rrrv-.>-tfr!i "befit t*>ach»r.
b»st system." M. C BARRETT, JW Montgmy.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast 'for
ladle*; and gentlemen. O. Sins. 36 Oary. r. 34.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MEJIKI.
IOCS Mission; annual concert May 16, 421 Post.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
I etc. : day or ">ve. : ST. mo. 1024- Ml«slon. nr. 6th.
EMl'LOYME.VT OFFICES.
A— JAPANKSK-CH1NKSE Contractoir and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bPt. Powell ami Mison; tel. Black 4354.
"A— MOST reliable Japanrse and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over five years.
421 Post st. : telephone Bush 135. I
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese Chi- '
nese h-lp. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black &072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment offlce;
best help furn. ; tel. John 212L S0644 Stockton.
CHINESE ar.d Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. Efuit 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRPT-CLASS German cook desires situation;
best city references; city or country. JJIiSS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires nit-
uatlon; good cock and house-worker; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st
YOUNG woman wlnnes place to cook for men.
boardiniar-house or hotel; best references.
_JuRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. ,
POSITION wanted by a neat young girl as
waitress In restaurant or nice boarding-
house. 1 Hampton place, near Third st off
Folsom.
COLORED woman, first-class cook, would like
situation In an institution or small boarding
house: eood references. Address £S3 Sacra-
mento st.
WOMAN wants a situation an a working house-
ke^per or lady's nurse. Call- at C23 Howard.
RELIABLE yountf Blrl desires general work
and cooking or upstairs work. Call at 221
Hickory ave.. near Octavla st.
COMPETENT woman wlfhes any kind of light
housework by the day or part of day; will
work reasonable. Address box 21S0, Call.
WOMAN wants work by the day; 85c; city ref-
erence. Box 23S2. Call offlce.
WANTED— Typewriting, transcribing, copying.
letters, etc.. at home. Address box 2349, Call.
LADY wishes position to assist with light
housework, etc. ; must be treated as one of
the family; $2 a week. Box 2316, Call offlce.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes place to do up-
stairs work and cooking. 2928 Washington
street
YOUNG girl to do general housework In small
famtly: wages $20. Call Swedish Baptist
Church. 226 Tenth St.
I LADIES' and *-entlem»n's repairing and mend-
j inc. including ladies' drcszfs; shirt waists
; made to order. Call S20 Stockton st.
LADV" wants plain sewing to do at home. 160
Fourth st, room 4.
AN elderly woman wlxhes a situation at house-
keeper: good reference. 608 Franklin st
Vv'INCHESTKK Hou.ie. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; "Go to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $t
week, convenient and respectable: free 'bus
sr.d hwr-cage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED cdvertltfements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 FiUmore.
a BRANCH oir.ee for Call advertisements and
tub-crlptlons hits been established at lOOC Va-
It.cI* gt. ¦
EM PLOY ME XT WASTED— MALE.
LEI3 C. PRAT, carpenter and general Jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Dailey block, room 2, Dwight
way station. Berkeley.
COACHMAN and eanlener, reliable and lndus-
triou*. wants situation In private place; un-
derstands core of cows and chickens: (rood
references. Address P. LUND. 380 Seventh
st., Oakland. (
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant offlce
man or other position In business house: the
¦„ best of references and security if necessary;
Address. T. II.. 400 Poet et.
WANTED— By man and wife position In a
private family; wife good cook; man to work
about place. Address box 4591. Call office.
WANTED— Position on fruit ranch by married
man; competent to take entire charge; wife
good cook. Address box 2112, , Call office.
FIRST-CLASS engraver, chaser and die sinker
wants steady position. Address box 2347, Call
office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants work for evenings
and Sundays. Apply to box 2350. <Call offlce.
SOBER, steady and reliable man, ,25. wants po-
sition of any kind where good services will
be appreciated; am willing- to work and can
furnish first-class references; also security If
.required; city or country; please state partic-
ulars. Box Z333, Call office. •
EMPLOY3*LJlfT WASTED—-MALE.
ENGLISHMAN fronTBrlstol. 80. honest lober,
fond of hard work, neat In appearance, good
writer, quick at figures, wants position: low
wages where chance of advancement: Al ref-
erencei. Box 2330.. Call offlce. ______
WANTED— By man and wife, a place on fruit
or grain ranch: man experienced and was
at one time In business. Address or call_
_ 616 Kearny st.. room 6. - .
SITUATION wanted by a gentleman over 30 In
a bank or first-rate business: country or town;
quick at fleures; knows French and Italian
thoroughly; best refs. given. Box_2320, Call.
ELDERLY, active man wants situation with
Private family aa gardener, horses, etc.: small
wages; first-class referenoes. Gardener, box
2335. Call offlce.
DRUG clerk, licentiate; six years' experience:
city or country. Address Box 2138. Call.
COACHMAN and gardener wants situation;
good references; experience city and country.
Address 613 .Ninth St., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by competent German man
and- wife on, a ranch; dairy or stock ranch
preferred; flrst-class references. Address 74j
Howard st. ¦
GOOD paperhanger. painter, tlnter, etc.. handy
with, tooli. wishes eltuation; city or country
hotel; reasonable wages. Box 2172. Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencia st . ¦ '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Ftllmor« st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071% Market et— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 60c. Phone Mint 257. '
FLATS TO LET. _j
ATTRACTIVE, mnny flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath;
rent moderate; Hanover pi., off Sacramento,
above Powell. Apply at 42 Montgomery st.
A— 7-ROOM flat: corner: sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417H Third st.
CLEMENTINA. 436— Flat of J rooms on the
first floor; rent $10. ( » '
FLAT to let. 4 rooms: rent $12; 862 Ivy ave.
Apply 363 Grove St. '-¦ _,
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard; base-
ment; modern Improvements. 1931. 1935
OFarrell st: rent cheap.
$5-SUN.NY flat 5 rooms, bath, etc.; cor. Jersey
and Sanchez Fts. ¦
793 HAIGHT: 7 r....$:Ri 1610 California; 7 r..$38
1421 Green; new 29' 922 Hyde: 6 r 35
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6B7 Market St.
FLATS TO LET — PUR.VISIIED.
GREAT SNAP!
Furnishings of new 6-room flat for sale: Hyde
and Sutter sts. ; all ca^h not necessary If re-
sponsible; best Brussels carpets, brass bed,
btruseye maple dressing table, bureau, etc.;
mahogany parlor furniture, pictures, bedding,
dishes; nothing lacking; been occupied three
weeks: rent of flat $40. Inquire H. J. MOORE.
1039 Market st. •
SUNNY, modern 7-room flat. Just finished. 323
Bartlett st.
MODERN flat— 6 rooms, furnished, piano; $15.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON'. 170« Market st.
FunMTunK von sale:.
FOR sale— New oak furniture of six rooms
and house for rent: 3 rooms rented for $22;
house rents for $27 60; price $250. 31J Turk St..
from 2 to 6 p. m. _
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUUXITUUE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market et. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission i-t. pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. lied 336.1.
HELP WANTED- FKMALI2.
cT^r^A^cs^^^^oTrrrrrrrr.^n^nT^ranwss
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses,, same mountain $20 and
free fare, both ways; 2 waitresses, same
springs, $20; 3 waitresses, Santa Cruz, $20;
6 waitresses, city, $20 and $25; S waitresses,
commercial houses, $20 and $25, many of them
fare paid; waitress and chambermaid, min-
ing town, $45 to $30 for the 2, free fare; 3
chambermaid*) to wait, $20.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook for 8 or 9 men, $20, see party here, no
other woman there; 2 cooks on ranches, $20 for
2 months, $30 thereafter; houseglrl, small
American family. $15; housejrlrl. no wash. $15;
20 situations, housework, $15, $25; 2 German
cooks, $25. C. R. HANSEN' & CO., 104 Geary.
MOTHER and daughter or two friends as cook
and second girl; $30; Sonoma: easy places.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, summer boarding-house, Cloverdale, $25,
fare here; boardiiiK-house cook, $30; ranch
cook, $30; German cook; 4 German cook's city,
$25 and $30; housework. Woodland, $25; San |
Jose. !30. 2 In family; Walnut Creek. $20; An-
gel Island. $25; 2 ranch c<v<ks, $30 and $25, fare I
here. Mlt?S CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. |
COOK and second girl, same house, San Ra-
fael, $21 and $20. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
WANTED — Scandinavian cook, $30; cook, short
distance. $30; Scandinavian houoe girl, $23,
country: 4 cooks. German style, $25-$30: 4 sec-
ond trlrls, $20-25, city and short distance; 15
hotel waitresses, $20, city and country; walt-
resB, $20, nice spring: 8 chambermaids and
waitresses, $20; French nurse, $20; chamber-
maid and seamstress, $20; invalid's nurse.
$20; 2 waltre-pses. $20, nice country hotel: 2
pantry Kirls, $20; hotel cook, $25; a large num-
ber of houfie girls. $20-$25. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. Sl« Sutter nt.
PASTRY cook, $40; 2 waltrewses. same place.
$25 each; 2 second girls. $36 each; nurseglrl,
$25; woman to cook for a few men, $20; cook,
$30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter Bt
10 GIRLS; gen. housework; city and country.
8 GIRLS: second work; city and country.
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. 927 Market, r. 203.
WIDOWER wishes working housekeeper for
country; wages $10; good home for right
party; age S3 to 40. Call United States Hotel,
123 Eddy St.. from 10 to 2.
WANTED — Forelady and designer for ladles'
neckwear; steady position; good pay. BAUER
BROS. & CO., 21 Sansomo st.
YOUNG girl for plain sewing. 1855* Post st
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking;
$15 month. 1117 Van Ness ava.
GIRL for. general housework. 1124 Greenwich
Bt, near Hyde.
NEAT willing- girl for housework at 8227 Seven-
• teenth st. ; sleep home.
GIRL for general housework. 762 Church St.,
neat Twentieth.
COOK" for private family; no housework; $20.
; 340 Page Bt., corner Buchanan.
WAITRESS for restaurant wanted. 631 Clay
street.
, AMATEURS— Call at room 17. Winchester Ho-
tel, before 12 a. m. to-day.
; 4 OR 6 lady solicitors for an easy selling "la-
; dies' medicine"; In city and surrounding
towns; salary and commission to experienced
parties. Call at 321 Sacramento st
i WOMAN to do washing. Inquire Enterprise
Hotel, Sixteenth and Folsom sts., bet. 7 and
• 7:30 p. m. -,
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for general
housework: fl-'i a month. 661A Natoma St.,
between Sixth and Seventh.
• GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wa«*« paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
1 Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 32V4 Fremont.
• LADY wanted for companion and assist in
1 light housework: good home; fair pay for
right party. Call after 12 noon, 116 . Tay-
' lor st. ¦ -
GERMAN girl for general housework In a
bakery. 248 Oak st.
APPRENTICE for : hairdresslng parlor; paid
while learning. Box 2336. Call offlce.
" GIRL to assist In general housework. Call at
3320 Twenty-second st.' near Valencia, v
¦ WANTED— Young German girl for light house-
t work. Apply 1425 Webster st.
• GIRL wanted to assist In light housework and
take care of baby; good home. 1832 McAllister.
I WANTED— A good' lively solicitor; big money.
» 136 Kills st ?
. FIRST-CLAPS vest maker. SV4 Antonio st,
• between Ellis and O'Farrell. off Jones. . .-'
*• FEW, young ladles to Join night school: : low
rates. 'Ayres' Business College. 723' Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
t received at Call branch office, 2200 Fltlmore 8 t
1 A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
\ lencia Bt. ¦ • v
' HELP V\V ANTED— MALE. ~~~
r MEN wanted to learn ba>ber trade; ' only ' re-
1 quires six to eight * weeks; day. and evening
clase; special -Inducements this season; only
" Institution In the world teaching this trade;
• map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
• ', free. MOLKR'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
" Clay st.
1 GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
J .to 60c. 663 Mission St., bet. 1st and Id sts. ¦
• BOYS wanted. Apply at glass works, I Seventh
and Townsend sts. ¦ • . . ; .
HELP WANTED— HALE.
X— MURRAF& READY!.^.T.... ...MAIN M43
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Circular sawyer for mill company j
$75 and found
Screw tender or ratchet man, sawmill
$52 and found
4 boilermakera, $3 60 day; cooper. $3 75 day;'
blacksmiths for camps, shops and ranches.
$60. $40 and $2 CO day; also helpers, $30 and
found
FREE FARE
We ship you to-day S. P. R. R. WORK
25 teamsters. $2 day
25 laborers.... $175 day
I WE PAY YOUR FARE TO
¦ Sawmills and woods of a large lumber com-
pany; 50 laborers, no experience required, $28
to $40 and found: also loggers, $40 and found;
i cross cutters. Jack sorewers. etc. : 130 tlemak-
ers and woodchoppers, big prices, tools and
provisions furnished
FARE PAID. ..SEE BOSS HERE TO-DAT
20 laborers to hand and pile lumber for the
mills and yards of a large company, $35 and
found «
..TO THE GOLD AND SILVER MINES..
Tool sharpener for the mines $60
s 8 more miners, single-hand work.....' $75
15 laborers, no experience required. .$60 and fd
25 muckers $76 and $60
100 laborers for city and all parts of Califor-
nia, %\ 75 and $2 to *2 50 day
. 60 teamsters, city and country, $1 25 and $2
4 day
....FARMS.... ORCHARDS ....DAIRIES....
Stableman T $30 and found
Cheese makers. Bee boss here. $35 and found:
6 farmers and choremen and wives. $35 and
*40 and found: 120 farm, orchard and vineyard
hands, $25 to $35 and found; milkers and but-
ter-makers; choremen and boys; gardeners,
$30 and $25 and found; haymakers, $1 25 and
$1 EO'day; 6 farmers and wives, $40 and found.
SPECIAL
Cook and wire for the mines $50 and found
6 butchers, different country places, $50 and
$35 and found; ranch and lumber yard fore-
men, see boss here
For other positions come down and read
billboards and secure latest lists
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 • Clay St..
A— BAKER, country shop; elevator boys, etc.;
18 cooks, hotels, restaurants, boarding-houses,
ranches, etc., $25 to $30 and found; mess boy,
$15 and found; • waiters, hotels, restaurants
and cafes, $25. $30, $33 and $S to $9 week; lron-
ers, country laundries, $25 and $35 and found;
camp waiters and dishwashers. MURRAT &
ItEADT. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
¦Wanted — Rockmen. teamsters, laborers and
men to build fences for the Coast R. R.,
Santa Barbara Co.; wages $2 a day; free fare.
20 railroad laborers for company work; $3
a day; board $4 £0 a week; free fare.
Wanted for sawmills and woods
10 men for sawmill and woods, to co on
steamer this morning; $30 and board; fares
paid 4
%> woodsmen, $40; 10 yardmen, $J5; 20 rail-
road laborers, $1 a day and board, see boss
here.
30 woodsmen and laborers, see. boss here;
circular sawyer and edgerman for country
sawmill.
20 quartz miners, $2 60 a day; 10 mucker*. $2
and $2 60 a day; 20 quarrymen, '] 2S a day:
20 laborers for quarry work. $2 a day and
.fare paid; 20 laborers and teamsters, city,
$1 75 a day; 2 ranch blacksmiths. $35; black-
smith's helper, $35; 10 farmers. $25 and $26; 6
milkers. $25 and $30; blacksmith and ehoer for
mine, $2 25 a day; stableman, private place.
}30.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, flrst-class resort $75: second
cook, $75; broiler, fSO; assistant pastry cook,
must be Al Ice cream maker, $50; all 3 for
hotel north. Second cook, small hotel, near
city, $50; baker and pastry cook, country ho-
tel, $60; second ship's steward, $40; 20 dish-
washers, vegetablemen and kitchen hands,
city and country, $20, $25 and $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A VIOLIN player and tend bar for springs; $30
and found. C. R. HANSKN & CO.. 104
Geary st.
MAN about place, country, $25 and found;
band sawyer, $4 day; gang sawyer, $2 50 day;
farmer and wife, see boss here, $50; 2 men
and wives, private families. $35 and $50;
Scandinavian gardenor. t?0 and found; stable-
man, $30; can washer, $30 and board: drivers
for milk wagons. $20 and $25 and board and
US; teamsters, $1 75 day and $30 and $32 50
month and board: 10 milkers. $30; farmers,
$26 and $30; slaughter-house butcher. $30 and
board; 3 carpenters. $3' and $3 50 day: ma-
chinist for country, $3 day: 6 blacksmiths.
$2 50, ?3 and $4 day: 2 miners to run tunnel
by contract; single-hand miners, $2 50 day;
muckers, $2* day; driver for bakery wagon,
$7 week, and found; also 50 laborers and
woodsmen. $26 to $40: 10 bark peelers. $40 and
board; 20 woodchoppera, $1 25 to $2; Jack-
screwers, crosscut sawyers and others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY, 623 Sacramento st.
BARKEEPER, $30 and found: laundryman and
wife, ICO; butler. $-.*¦ and found: ranch cook.
$15; baker's helper. $20 and found; waiters.
$25. $30 and $40; dishwashers, potwashers,
pantryman ; elevator boy, $20 and found. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY. 623 Sacramento St.
WANTED ...... T7TT7.
Middle-aged gardener, private place near city.
$25 and found; hostler for business firm, $30
and found; 3 laborers near city, $2 a day:
teamster and 2 laborers, $1 75 a day; 3 milkers
near city, $30 and $23; 2 woodchoppers, $1 25
and $1 60 a cord; farmer, Bteady place, $30;
farmer and milk, $30; 10 haying hands. $1 25
a day: 2 walfrs. $25 and $30 and room; driver,
milk wagon, $20 and found; elevator boys, $12
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
COOK for nice restaurant, steady place, $12 a
I week; first and second cook, country. $60 and
I $40; 2 dishwashers, country, $20 and $25;
coachman. $30. ANDRE'S. 816 Stockton st.
WANTED— Ma rtj and wife, the woman to keep
house for 6 men, light place, $35; also man
and wife for small ranch, $40. MRS. NOR-
TON, 313 Sutter Bt.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1E2.
WANTED— Sub-inspector of concrete work.
An examination of applicants will be held
at the Navy Yard, Mare Island, Cal., May
29, 1900. for Sub-Inspector of Concrete Work
at $3 52 per diem. The examination will b«
open to all comers who can give evldpnce of
experience In conducting the kind of work
for which they seek employment and who are
citizens of the United States. Applications
will be addressed to the Commandant, Navy
Yard, Mare Island. Cal.. and must be deliv-
ered to him on or before Monday. May 2S.
No application received after that date will
be considered. Each applicant will state In
his application his name, age, residence, citi-
zenship, present occupation and previous em-
ployment or work done. The application
must be accompanied by evidence of citizen-
ship and by certificates, preferably from pre-
vious employers, aa to character, habits of
Industry and sobriety, and skill and experi-
ence In conducting work of the kind required.
JOHN P. LONG. Secretary of the Navy.
LIVE hustlers, accustomed to systematic city
canvassing, can make big money for the
next SO days. Apply to J. P. MASSIE, room
14. fifth floor. Mills building.
WANTED — Thorough competent shoe salesman,
for retail business; an exceptionally good op-
portunity for a man of ability. Address box
2."51, Call offlce.
WANTED— 2 experienced packers for general
merchandise. Apply to ALBERT W. SMITH,
Smith's Cash Store, this morning.
GOOD reliable pastry cook wanted at 467 Mc-
Allister at.: man or woman.
WANTED— A waiter at*139O Turk st
BOY to learn manufacturing Jewelry. Apply
C. H. YOUNG, 126 Kearny st, room 32A.
WANTED— A man to cook and wash dishes;
wages $30. 44 Stockton st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 641V4 Stevenson st.
BOY wanted; steady Job; between 16 and 20.
Apply 251 Jessie st.. near Fourth.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 815 Grant ave.
WANTED— Man for general housework. 1443
Harrison Bt.
DISHWASHER, sober, competent man. . 443
Third st. ' . " .' __
YOUNG man ! wanted to learn barber trade.
Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.
WANTED— A I man who understands nursery
work and florist business. Call 500 Halght st
WANTED— A good No. 1 waiter to go in the
country. Call at 422 Third st.
BOY 16 to 20 to drive delivery wasron; exDerl-
enced in woodenware preferred. Box 3122, Call.
WANTED— Old man;. $5 a month. 30 Hannah
St., Watts Tract, Oakland.
WANTED— 2 good men to sell gold saver: call
at once. 1798 Fifteenth st, cor. Guerrero.-
PIANO player wanted. 122 Fourth st.
BARBER, young man of steady habits, good
workman. ; wants situation. S. J., box 2317.
YOUNG man to carry route on this paper. Ap-
ply between 12 and 1:30, 6 and 7, 13V4 Bernard.
WANTED— Grocery clerk of experience; Ger-
man. 200 Second st '
BOATBUILDER to build 16-ft. open boat on
Sundays or spare time. Box 2315. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. ¦', 662 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sts.
FIRST-CLASS coat operator at once. HENRY
HILP, 106 Battery st
WANTED- 1 Laborers and" mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 .Third it: 150 large
. rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2-per week.
STEADY, bushcllng man. Room 1001,'. Palace
Hotel. .
WANTED— A' good lively solicitor: big money.
136 Ellis st. ¦
MEN. to learn barberlng and hairdressing at 8.
.;,F. Barber School, 741 A Howard it =
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
: cash prlces./£;. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
HELP WAWTED — MALE).
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
, ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than S fset
4 Inches and not over I feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
¦ons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to .become cltiaens ; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco, Cal., or
C30 K st. Sacramento, Cal.
GORDON oressboy: one who can make ready:
state waxes expected and experience. Ad-
dress box 2340. Call. » '
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, tt Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 1«
years' practice; Examiner bids.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third "st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard —
Rooms 13c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 V»-
lencla «t. *^
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc — For Sale
SAN FRANCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE:
next session begins June 11; catalogue upon
application. DR. E. J. CREELT, Dean, 510
Golden Gate ave.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
127 Sixth St.; auction sales every "Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Fine doctor* ¦ team; I and 7 years
old. DALZIEL, vet dent. COS Golden Gate av.
J. M. CANTY* has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market st; Castro-st. cars' pess the door.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEX A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; latest Improve-
ments; marine view; also corner house of I
rooms and bath. 2327-2333 LeaTenworth st
HOUSE 6 rooms and bath: rant $11. Laurel
ave. near Turk and Buchanan sts.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717-8 rooms each and bath.
modern, sunny: convenient: rent reduced.
LARKSPUR HUL ESTATE.
CAMP ground to rent at Larkspur up th* can-
yon. Apply to C A. HOLM.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Open-faced silver watch with gold
trimmings; Initials A. L. C on back and on
fob; valued* as keepsake. Return to A.
CARDOZO, 939A Howard Bt, and receive re-
ward. ,
LOST— Photo lens, with front board attached,
on water front. 6 Sacramento, rm. 4; reward.
$60 WILL be paid for the return of watch
No. 41,162; positively no questions asked. Ad-
dress BROWN, box 2321. Call offlce.
LOST— Black Newfoundland dog. with white
feet and breast: license 3145. Return to 1S41
Lombard st; liberal reward.
LOST— Purse containing $25 dr $30 and diamond
ring;' city, ferry or Oakland. Finder return to
PR. JEFFERY. 602 Clement: liberal reward.
FOUND — A bicycle near Schuetzen Park, Sun-
day, 13th. Particulars Inquire at 3M Eureka.
WHITE spitz dog answering to name "Bob-
ble"; when last seen wore license tag 260 at-
tached to collar. Liberal reward If returned
to 1716 California Bt.
1101 MARKET— Lost Sunday eventnc, necktie
pin set In pearls. Please return to abort
number and receive reward.
LOST — Brown* water spaniel; liberal reward.
1426C California «t.
B1EDICAL. ~~
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge: safe and
- reliable cure }*>; have treated thousands of
cases with success; IS years' practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles* specialist; aafe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
lCKEVi Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office. $3: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post St.. bet Hyde and Lurkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1C35 Market; ladies' spe^
ciallst; treatment at offlce, $5; consultation
free; hours 10 to 3. Phone Jessie 2S7.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles'
physician; >chronlo diseases treated; latv
scientific methods; treatment, $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken; terms
reasonable. S28 Castro st. near "th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
ment at offlce, $5; consultation free. 1122
Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China; dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas: sani-
tarium. 704 Sacramento.cor. Kearny :advlce free.
NICE reliable home for confinement: reasona-
ble. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
T. 8.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists,
111S Market st: every case guaranteed: 13 up.
MRS. SCHWARTING, midwife: private home
In confinement for ladles. 510 Eddy st
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER-Private home
In confinement 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Ma?on st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, i linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always '
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017. 1019. 1C21. 1023 Mission st, above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
A— $3 GO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at. nr. Pine.
DOUBLE team express wagon for sale cheap;
capacity 6000 pounds. Inquire M. STELLING,
coal yard. SE. cor. Seventeenth and Church.
FINE new launch bull cheap for cash: engine
If destred. II. T. BRADLEY. 3<4 Fourteenth
St., Oakland.
FOR sale— A splendid mastiff, 10 mo. old; wt.
120 Ibx; height 2 ft. $ In.; best pedigree; price
$50. Particulars SLINKEY & PAGE, 873 Mar-
ket. nr. Fifth, or DAN SLINKEY. Saosalito.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 20; noth-
ing on case to Indicate contents; twice the
price could buy no better: mall orders boIIc-
lted. F. EPHRAIM & CO.. 13 Montgomery.
ONE extra flne quality, double, 1 outer and 1
Inner, 2 compartments, flre and burglar proof
bank vault; made in sections for convenience
in shipping and for setting up: will sell at a
bargain for cash. Box 1880, Call of See.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
LARGE, fresh shorthorn Durham cow; very
handsome; gentle. 1312 Folsom st
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER, 513 Examiner bldg.
J-POUND steel T rail for sale cheap. BURN-
STINE BROS.. 534-538 Brannan st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
Portland Loan Offlce, 33 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns,-new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poet Bt.
BARBER fixtures and furniture; 2-chaIr outfit
complete: must be sold at once at a sacrifice.
Inquire room 614, Call bMc
AUTOMATIC Wlllcox & Glbbs sewing machine;
good order; complete;' cheap. 1915 Mission at..
near Fifteenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 60. . BACIGALUPI,
933 Market st. San Francisco.
6 SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand. In good
condition, for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
CASH registers of every description for sale
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers i^iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
NEW and seoond-hand slot machines' bought
. and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market at.
A 10- TON Fairbanks I scale and flre and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER.
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap, 42 Main st
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market it. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor; E locomotives. 220 Fremont
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address In the
United . States or Canada one year for $1.
i postage paid.
•¦-¦¦•¦-¦¦ ¦ • , ' "
MISCCLLA.MSOL'S AVA.NTS.
WANTED— 1 second-class or steerage ticket on
Zealandla. H. BRUECKER. 1513 Dupont st.
WANTED— Second-hand bif% - cle In good condi-
tion; standard make. Address Box 1S74, Call.
WANTED— Second-hand 23 horsepower boiler
an engine with belt 324 Post st
SECOND-HAND safe, suitable for country
bank. Address F. A. P., U. S. Mint. city.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEIIEAP. 1710 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANT proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In prcbate. Interest
In estates, legaotes. corporation loans, chattel
mortgages ; confidential; advice free. O. B.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bld-f.
ANT amount at 4 per cent; 1st. Id and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay: get my terms before doing bunlness else-
where. R. McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery, r. X
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch l'J Third st.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and c*h
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BO.NELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT US Kearny st.. room 9. respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: ciulc*
service: money direct: lowest Interest Rooms
83 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market at.
LOANS made on furniture at 1^4 per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HAR3HBARGEB,
822 Ellis st. room »4. _
WANTED— At once. Improved Income eltr
property. I130O to $3000. for cash, at SPECK
& CO.'S. 667 Market st
MONET loaned salaried people without security*
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all bust-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.,^S2l P-rrott bly.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. £09 Examiner bulMlnff.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; 1st and Jd mortgtk |
any proposition. DRYDES, 413 Montgomery*
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, lit McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you neea
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or tndor»«V,
S. F. Discount Agency.' 143 Phelan building.
I MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we represent th« best make et piano* fci
every grade, from Stelnway down to lo r w>»
priced makes, and as our Installment pay*
ments are easier than those of other dealarv
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianoa, $S cash, $8 per
month: other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month.
'SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealer*.
1 cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco j
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of beautiful new style Deck«r«
lust received; parties who have been waltln*
for these will do well to call at once. MA.U-
VAIS. 7« Market st ;
A FINE Packard piano was sold recently to the)
Berkeley Hall Association. I. O. O. F.. bJ!
the MAtTVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
IT Is not wise to throw away money on a s«o»
ond-hand Instrument when you can get 4
flne new one so cheap at MAUVAIS, 769 Ma*i
ket «t _
A NUMBER of exceptional bargralna: Webeiv
Vose, Chlckerlns, SterUnr. Fischer: $.» up|
easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 18 OTarrell st.
ABSOLUTELT the oldest and largest housej
wm of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
28, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all irrtLdea
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tna
customer. ___
FOP. sale— A nice Decker planov $30. Room IX
Flood bulldlnr. ,
SECOND upright for sale very cheap. Piano
factory, cor. Market. 14th and Church; i:U.
A STEINWAT. $153; Installments 13. $3. $'. *10*
rents $2 up. HEINE'S. 1S6 F.llia St.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy Piano*. 80S to
313 Post st. |
A FEW days only— New pianos, $2 60 per mo.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., SCO Hayes st
GOOD Fischer; -Treat bargain. SCHMITZ, 1«
McAllister st-. next Hfbernla Bank-.
FINE Fischer and Ptelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Nes3 ave.. nr. Geary it.
W. G BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. a*ent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett &. Davis pianoa.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and n»w. II.
MULLEB, maker, repairer. 2 l^atham place.
Or»"i-'1CES AJiD STORES — TO LET.
LARGE store, cor. Seventh and Natoma: used
30 years as grocery and saloon; reasonable.
OIL.
IF you are buying oil stock you better read vat
folder. "How to Judce an Oil Company":
mailed free on application. The International
Investments Co.. Henne bldg.. Los Angeles.
PALMISTRY.
Id ME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain Colle«» oS
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 616 Peary, nr. Jon— »
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer lrj
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO MATTHEWS. 703 Fifth. Oakland.
$3 LADIES' French kid shoe for $2 a pair at
the Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market near 3d.
LEDEUER, the popular hairdresser, doesn't
make It a ooint to charge extra for fancy o*
elaborate hairdressing; that which sulta youj
style only 25c. 123 Stockton st.
RESPECTABLE, responsible, reliable money
• lending house; lowest rates; established liSl;
our own fireproof building; private entrance:
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, li Grant
ave.
LEDERER'S Quintonica Hair Tcnlc. 33c bottli%
and h!s Foamo Shampoo, oc package, are tin
best sellers because flne. 1Z3 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; ted
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 337 Jessie st.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad*
vlre. SSO Market ii.. second floor, room 37.
FULL-DRESS and other suits bought: also old
gold. Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton at
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported, or do*
mrstlc remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st-
between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st. near Market: IPO rooms;
15c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $4 per week;
' tree "bun and baggage to and from the ferry.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; confidential: secret!
Inviolate. Address box 430. Call offlce.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
•old. Stlverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
$3 PHOTOS for $2 per dozen at FOWZER-S.
114S Market st. near Taylor.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by ustn? Tal<
cott's Curling Fluid; 23c bottle: druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old cold and sliver bought!
send ptxtal. COLEMAN'S. S06 Kearny st
6TAMMERIXO corrected: booklet J. WHITE^
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1313 Linden st.. Oakland.
IF you wish full value for your cast -off cloth*
Ing call on B. Cohen. 1T.7 Third: tel. Black 4123.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
¦*»~~"~ * *'¦¦¦ * ¦ ¦ *- .~— .~~.~*. ..^
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies; B*ekoa
studio 11 Geary st.. ground floor.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. aDOXNELL— Offlce and residence*
lCllVi Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC diseases treated; cures guaranteed.
DR. GORDIN. Sanitarium. S14 Pine st
ER. STTAN'S Rheumatism Cure. $1; free M
poor every Wedi esday. ii Geary it
HEAL ESTATE CITY fUR SALE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, V *
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDINO,
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$330 to JSOO— Sunset lots; superb view of
ocean; graded and sewered; easy Installment*,
$430 to $900— Choicest Richmond lots: $13
monthly.
$100 to $250-Lerel lots; near Mlsslon-st carl
IZ monthly.; •
$650 to $1000-4 and 5 room cottace. In excel.
lent locations: near cars; payments same aj
rent •
Call for $Iap« and Diagrams.
BOL GETZ £ BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDINCJ.
S *^ AP I 01 ' D*^ 1 *- moderate means; house ot t
flat*. 4 room* and bath each: Jone* st: rent
$2$ montb; no agents; $S»00. Inquire SHA 10U».Thomas and Annie Edstrom to . Nellie T.
Flerainr lot on W line of Center street. 95 N of
nfth. N 25 by W ; 111:4. being lot I L block 4J4.
Oakland^ c =Kt- lan • EHen McMmall# , ot on X£ ;
linfrpf East TweBty-second street, 130 XW.of
Thirteenth avenue. NW 37:6 by NE 150. block
129 Clinton. East Oakland; W>. r _^
Vellle B Scotchler to Laura F. Irving, undi
vided half interest In lot onEJin* of Monroe
street, 2C0 S of Webster. S 200 by E 120. being
lots « 7. 6. 9 and 10. block A, Bateman Tract
Map 2, Be'rkeley: 110.
Henry A. and Helene Reed to Joseph W. Bell.
lot onE line of Mllvia street. 243 N of Vine.sN
64 by E 125. being lot " 11 and portion of lot 10.
block- 2; fSraves & Taylor Tract. Berkeley; $10.
¦ Belinda Gordon to Samuel Hey wood, re-record
EEAL ESTATE TRAU"SACTIONS.
John J. Brady to Jame* Humphrey, lot on S
lin- of O'Farre'll street, 225. W of Laguna; W
25 by S 120; $10.
R C. Chambers and Wells, Fargo & Co. to
Teresa FrapoM. lot on N line of Vall-jo street.
151:104 JV of Scott. W 40 by N 137:<; $19.
City and County of San Francisco to Fidelity
and Casualty Company of New York, lot on E
line of Baker street. 70 S of Vallejo. S W. E
to a. l^>lnt. W to beKinnln*; . l
William and Lizzie Illnkel to Catherine A-
McCarthy, lot on N line of "Frederick street.
:,« W of Ttemont avenue. W 20 by N 103; $1'1
James II. and Margaret C. O'Brien to Gtdeoa
M. Freenion. lot on NE line of Dare (Caroline)
street. &5 SE of Folsorn. SE 27 by NE So: $!<>.
Thomas W.. Kathertn-e A.. Christopher C.
and Lily A. Rivers to Horace C. Sexton, lot on
B line of Twenty-sixth street, 190 E of Mission.
E 43:6 by i? 10": $If>.
Thom?g Devitt to Mary Murrin, lot on N
line cf Vnion street." 112:6 E of Montgomery. E
25 by N 7">: also lot on N line of Clara street.
4;0 W of Fourth. W 25 by N S*>; $10.- ¦ /
Charles R. Bishop to Isidor Lowenberg, let
on NW corner of Turk and Taylor streets. N
112:6. W S7:S, S 25, E 3A. S S7;S. E S4:2; $10.
Real Estate and Development Company to
John F. and Emma Danlelson. lot on S line of
Nineteenth (Butte) street. 25 E of Texas. E £5
by S 105; grant.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Emma. C. Hallett,
lot on B line of Tenth avenue, ITS. S of K
street. S 25 by E 120; JW-
Thomas and Mary A. CunninghamtoMargaret
Cunningham, lot on E line-, of Forty-first ave
nue-. 125 S of O street, S 25 by E IT}; gift.
Same to Mary A. Cunningham, lot on E line
of Forty-first avenue, 1Q0 S of O street, S 25
by E IS); gift.
Hannah P. Kessler (by E: I. Sheehan. Tar
Collector) to William Wolfsohn, lot on \V line
of Thirty-first avenue, S25 N of V street, N 25
by W 120 (tax deed); $1.
Kate J. Kirby. <by same) to same, lot on E
line of Forty-fourth avenue. 125 N of M street,
X S) by E 120 (tax deed): %Z.
Thelka. and Henry Burkard to Mary K. Mae
donald. lot on NW line of Cain street, 110 NE
of Hearst. NE 50 by NW 100. block H. Colum
bia Heights: tlO. , „ . ,'
Louis Marks to Nannie Marks, lot on S line
of Golden Gate avenue, 82:6 W of Laguna street,
W 55 by S IS); gift.
James L. and Mary C. Barker to John W.
Dolllver. lot on s? line of Green street, 175 W of
Pierce. W 25 by S l'«: $10. -
Lydla B. Hubley to I. C. Scharff. let on W
line of Belcher street, 1C*> N of Fourteenth, X
25 by W 125; IO). . —
Fannie (or Fanny) S. Arnhelm to Laura Arn
h»!m lot on W Ilne of Florida (Columbta)
street, 1M S of Twentieth, S S3 by W 100; gift.
Maria Suter. Sophie Herington (Suter) wife
of C. H. William P. and Mildred Quam illodr
tnn) to G B. and Cathe Dondero. SW corner
of JO-vara let 517. N 22. E 48:9. SE to a point,
W 65:1; J10.
Cathe. William T., John J. and George H.
Sesnon to Mary A. Austin, lot on W corner of
Clara and Ritch streets. SW 75 by NW 37:8;
a'.so lot on S corner of Clara and Ritch. SW 75
by SE £0; also property outside of county: gift.
"John E. Sharp to Fred W. Macfarlane. lot on
SW corner of Fifth and Berry streets, SW S1:S
by SE 275: Jo.
Estate of George F. Sharp (by John Hunt,
executor) to same, same; SC2.0C0.
Honara Sharp to same, same (quitclaim deed);
A. Mecartney to Susana Lowe, let on E line
of Potrera avenue. 75 N of Fifteenth (El
Dorado) street, thence S3:0»i (33?;). SE 75:5.
SE 17 feet 1 inch. E 103. S 12:«. W lO). 3 4.
N 100; 115.
William J. and Helen Shepman to William
J Gunn lot on W line of Tenth avenue. 100
S* of Clement street. S 50 by W ISO: J19.
Franklin W. and Jane E. Putnam to Evereth
Smith lot W ltne of Tenth avenue, 108:3 N
of C 'street. N SS by W 120; JW.
Charles II. and Rebecca J. Bocne (Gordon?
to A. B Southard, lot on E corner of fcnadllla
and San Jos« avenues. SE 454. NE 443., NW
41S. SW 431. block S3. West End Map l;J10.
Mary E Pleasant to same, same; IW.
Jane N. Sykes to James B. Sykes. lot on
N line of Minena street. 225 E of Plymouth,
E £0 by N«125; HO.
Frederick E. and Walter Magee to Louis G.
and Mary J. Bersren. undivided two-third in
terest in lot on S line of Ulchland avenue.
UO W of Mission street.^W 23 by S. 100. .block
E. French and Oilman Tract: $10.
Lucius K. Wilmerdlng and Henry W^. Payne
to same, undivided ooe-thirvl interest in same,
*'john N. Kenney to Eureka Glue Company
(a corporation), lot vn S corner of Ei^hteenrfi'
avenu- and G street. 5E 2S7.55. W K0.S2. XW.
1S6 25 NE 3». block 361. Hunter Tract: JI00O.
Eureka Glue Company <a corporation) to
y^% H i!%^i 0^ 'MaherMltrovich. lot on
N line of "Minerva street. 225 E of Plymouth.
E 50 by N 125. block T, Railroad Homestead
X Edward*an<i Harriet L- Simons to C. E.
Faut. undivided one-half Interest In lots 1 to
4. block 14. Pioehyv and Robinson subdivision;
* ! N C J and Emma F. Benson to ' Amos M.
Beal. lot on E line of^Stanyan street. 200 N
of Eighteenth, N 25. E 1=0:*. SE 25:0ii, W
llVou lot 1*, block 4, subdivision 1. Claren-
Nannie Marks, lot on S W
of Golden Gate avenue. S2:6 W of Laguna
street. W £5 bv S 120: gift. /
Alameda County/
Wednesday, May 11
Etmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. 2S honra from. .
Crescent City.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 15— Schr Alice, from
Port Townser.d. —
Palled May 15— Br shin Aehnashlr*. for
Queenstown: stmr Fulton, for San Francisco;
schr Wlnslow. for San F"randsco: V S stmr
Thomas Corwin. for Nome. May 1« — Stmr Al-
Kl. for Skaruay.
Sailed May IS— Bark Gerrcanla. for Saa Fran
cisco.
COOS BAT— Sailed May 16-Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco: scbr James A Garfield. for San
Francisco: schr Gotama. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 16— Br stmr Argyll.
from Shanghai.
Sailed May lS-iBr ship Aspice. far Queens
town.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived May 15— Schr
Meteor, from Port Townsend.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived May IS— Stmr Na
tional City, hence May 15.
GP.EENWOOD— Sailed May IS-Stmr Alca
traz, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANILA— Arrived prior to May ?— TT S stmr
Seine: ta, from Guam.
TALCAHUANO— Arrived— Ger stmr Seraphis.
from Hamburg, for Saa Francisco.
GL'ATEM ALA— Sailed April 23— Ger stmr Isls.
for San Francisco.
MOJI— Sailed May 14— Br »hia Largo Law. far
San Francisco.
MORORAN— Sailed May 13— Br »tmr Inrer
ness, for Oregon.
NANAIMO— Arrived May 15— Stmr Robert
Rdamscn. hence May 11, and tailed for May
IS for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Sailed May 1*— Stmr China, far
San Francisco.
MAZATLAS- Sailed May It— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco. •
NAGASAKI-Sailed May W-Br this Frank
sltan, for Portland.
YOKOHAMA— In pert April 2S-Br ship Had
i don Hall, for Taccma.
OCE-VN STEAMERS.
NEW TORK— Sailed May 1*-Stmr Oceanic.
for Liverpool; stmr St Paul, for Southampton;
: stmr Southward, for Antwerp.
LONDON— Arrived May IS— Stmr Mesaha.
i from New Tort.
HONOKONG — Arrived May 14— Stmr Mon
i mouthshlre. from Portland. Or. via Yokohama.
I SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 15— Stmr Saale.
! from Bremen, for Neir York, via Cherbourg.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 1*— Stmr Saale.
! from Bremen and Southampton, for New York.
i COPENHAGEN — Arrived May 15 — Stmr
Thlnevaila. from New York, for Ptettln.
! LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 15-Stmr Germanic.
I for New York. . :.'¦¦¦;
Continued from Page Sight.
ARRIVED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Mrs D A Cczzers. Texj
T H Boudreau. Modest!
Dr D F McOraw. S Jos;
W J Rogers, San Josej
il W Welsh. Stockton'
J H Williams. Chgo
J S Child's. Weavervlllj
C J Tracey. N Y
A E Webb. Toronto
F L Matthes, Pa
J D Bicknell. Los Ang
Mrs J D Blcknell. L A:
Dr J C Kistler. Pa
E Randolph. Tucson
H C Davidson. N Y
W S Hook. Los Anj
A Solano. Los Ang
W Selkirk. London
May Barrett. Ind
W G Curtis. S Rafael
A C Hutchison. N O
Mrs N Thacker. Ohio
E S Ox>k. Ohio
D T Perkins. Cal
H J Small. Sacto
Mrs W Kohl. S Mateo
Miss Kohl. S Mateo
A Warren. Nevada
F A Miller. Riversld*
Mrs F A Miller. -Cal
M A Forster. Cal
JN Glllett. Eureka
P. MIenecke. Mllwauke
A J Dibblee. Ross Val
Mrs A J Dibblee. Cal
J F Davis. Jackson .
J G Roberts. Madera
C F Hardy. San Diego
E S Moultcn. Riversde
T J Field. Monterey
T Flint Jr. S Juan
P D Rosenbaum. Stktn,
J Hirsh. N Y
B M ,-ulsbury, Ohio
N T Smith. S Carlos
H E Fiselmacher. Bost
N A Dow. Salinas
W W Treat. Cal
W E Gerber. Sacto
Mrs W E Gerber, S 1
R W Husey. San Jose
M B Wallach. Blvdere
Mrs II M Pflajrer. Ch«
Mrs H M Barbee. Chg
J W Catty. L«ondon
Mrs J W Catty. Londn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E H Robert?. Chicago
O C Cobb. Mcnroe
T Picton. Chicago
J C Reynolds & w. Cal
J SIcCann." Chicasrt>
J L Smith Ftockton
J E Ross. Ctlco
J B Jones. Reno
H Jones. Fresno
J Watson. Mendocino
Mrs M A Bloyd, Fresno
J E Hail. Fresno
J T Phillips, Saratoga
I.. Forsberg-, Elk
J K Sutton. San Jose
H Bardln, Tacoma
J R Barton. Uklah
PALACE HOTEL.
F W Rothenbush. Stkn
C B Lakeman. Gr Valy
Q B Gazzolo. Angels
J H Edwards, Orvat
F Phillips & w. Ch?o I
D A Oetrom & w. Cal
R N Burt. R Bluff
A Craw. Cal
C Hess. Portland
J E Doherty, N X
W Grant. Bfggs
A A de Llgne, Sacto
W J Bell. Wlnnemucca
R E Foltz. Cal
J Clark. Gilroy
K T Kraft. Colorado
J Collins. Cal
W B Colton & w, Cal
E H Mclntyre. Stktn
J P Suyden. S Andreas
J H Gyselaar. Eureka
A Jardahl. Eureka
I W Toung, Eureka
H Collins. Ca!
N P Crooks. Cal
L Slusser. Cal
S F Booth. Fresno
D Binkhalter. Cal
H B O'Halllday. Tucsn
J Mills, Tucson
C M Foraker. Cal
H Bleecker. Los Ang
Mrs F M Pi pp. Chgo
Airs R-RJgely. Chgo
T A Work, Pac Grove
J B Morton, Pac Grve
S Hirst. Vallejo
B F' Wright, Monterey
A G Wlshon. V!«alia
W H Johnston. Eurek
P O Star.ton. Loa Ang-
W G Hudson, Wtsnvill
W A Walker. Monrovia
A G Nason, S Dfego
J W Taggart. S Barb
Dr Wellon. 3 Pedro
J G Luego, Cal
C L, Van Cleech. S Crz
H W Klamrcth, Paaad
W O Green. Chyo
O W Hutchlns. Chgo
R J Nixon. Treka
J W Harper. Su'.sun
IC H Cummlnirs, Sacto
\W U Cook, Los Ang
G E Plllsbury. L Ang
O Lawler. Cal
B Welsch. Sacto
T Pierson. Cal
C G Gaylor. Rediands
O Kilburn & w. Cal
J W Kosburg. Rosevill
Mrs G A Bartlett. Nev
Mrs L. A Gates. Nev
O Hess. Portland
J Forward, S. Diego
J H Marshall. Reno
T A Graham. San Jos*
J W Dayan, Palo Alto
J U Dayan. Palo Alto
H S Sinclair & w. Chg
E D Alvord. Conn
G E Cankln. Portland
J M Meredith. Los Ang
J G Burgess. S Diego
A E Nutt. Los Ang
0 Z Huboell. Lcs Ang
A G Kendall. S Pedro
W W Chapin. Sacto
H Stlllman. Sacto
D C Collier Jr. Cal
J A Ferguson. Colo
iW Earles. Gomales
fj U Mahl. Sacto
:J A Ager, Ager Cal
|J Bonnan, Fresno
'II Browj. Lo3 Ang
[F P Jackson. Rcsville
!J T Baker. Pa
l H S Howard. Oakland
!A P Nelson. Rediands
>G W Crystal. Vacavlll
•W A Titeomb. Cal
¦ L A Schleslnger & w,
: Cal
|Dr E C Dunns A wt
1 Fresno
.W J Young. Stockton
; Dr K L Gravern, Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTELu
F. W. Maefarlane (owr.er) with F. W. Kem
(contractor), architect Edward R. Swain — All
work for a frame building on lot fronting Jl:$
on Berrr street. 91 :S on Channel and r73 en
Fifth; $1473.
German Evangelical Lutheran St. Johannes"
Congregation (owner) with A. H. Wilheltn (<ron
tractor>. architects Martens & Coffey — All work
except draJnintr. plumblrg. gas fitting, glass,
glazing, painting, electrical work, heating and
interior fixtures for frame bulkilryr used as a
church on N line of Tw»nty-«eccnd street, 32:S
E of Ca.pp. E &> by N 120; $11.J75.
Same owner with H. N. Westphal (con
tractor), architects same — Draining, ptumblng
and gas fitting for same on same; $577.
E. Frledlander (owner) with Theo S. Hotn
(contractor), architect Maxwell G. Bugbee— All
work except shades and gas fixtures for a two
story frame building <3ats>) on H line of Farren
avenue. 75 S of Ellis street. S 23 by E 75; $2437.
Builders' Contracts.
Twenty-eighth streets and X Una of Twenty
eighth street extended W to Willow street. S
by Twenty-sixth street. E by Campbell street
and W by Wfllow street, being all of block 753.
except that small portion which lies N cf N
Un«? of Twenty-eighth street produced W to
Willow street. Oakland; also ISO acres In Fresno
County; S>».
Mary and Frederick Grossheim to Juliu3 H.
and Mag.iallna Pinkert Catherine Neiderstra"
er (spinster^ Marie Helgerber irnarried). lot on
E line of H .-.'..-¦ en street as widened to «0 feet
310 N cf Park avenue, N j» br E 133. Mock 22.
in plat 6, Rancho V. aad D. Peralta. Oakland
Township; $SOCf>.
Martin and Annl» R. Frobese to Laura A. A.
Oshom. let on S ilne of Berkley way. 2*> E of
California street. H 5.1 by S 123^ being lot 12 of
Range 11. Hardy Tract. Berkeley; tia
John B. Metcalf to Joseph Hill. lot 14 and W
tt-» ?«« of lot 13. Wbitton Tract. Berkeley;
Jeremiah O^Briea to George Anderson, lot on
S line of Clinton avenue. ir«i E cf Willow
street. E 25. S 153. *\ NW 25 NE 1^3.2^ to be
gi.irJnir, block 77, lands adjacent to Encinal.
AlameyJa (subject to mortgage): $1>.
Annie C. ¦ Monroe to Helena Knudson. lot on
S lire of Fblsom street. 1*7:14 E of Curtis.. W
50. S IK, E SO. N 133:«. E £0. N 135:« to begin
ning, block 10. Curtis Tract. Berkeley: *».
T. B. and Annie E. Draper to Thcma* and
Tydvil Rees, lots &> to 72 on official map cf
Elmhurst Park. Brooklyn Township; $t!>.
George Williams to Jcachim Bassen. lot on
W line of Berlin street. 125 N of ¦> Walter are
nae. X GO by W 125. being tots 45 and 45. Alvtn
Tract. Brooklyn Township; tl<i.
Maria Lefevre to W H Cornell, lot*. *i. 47 and
4S. block 4. Allendals Tract. Brooklyn Towa
ship; $W.
Antonio H. and Ro«a Stlva to Manuel R.
Mcrsado. lot on W line of Kennedy «treet.
3M N of Denr_'son. N 25 by W J2S. being the S*
25 feet of lot 1. block C. Map of Shell Mound
Tract. East Oakland; $10.
T17 d 143, lot on W line of Spruce street. P S of
Rose, S 4s by W 134 :7. being portion of. let 4,
block 2. T. M. Antlsell VilU Lets, Berkeley: HO.
Jesse L. Wetmore to Ida 1L Wetmore, lots L
-. Z. 4, 5 and 6. block B-S. and lota 2. J. 5 and 6.
block A-2. and lots 13. II. 15. 1"5 and IT. block
A-l. on Map of Subdivision of portion of Qulg
ley Tract, Brooklyn Township (subject to. a
mortgage for $1KO); J10.
Maria and Walfrid Wahlstrora to Michel and
Eulalle Galllat, lot ca NE line of Boehmer
street, 73 SE of Derby, SE 25 by NE ICO. being
the SE 23 feet of lot i'J. block in. Map of North
Alameda Tract Brooklyn Township: J10. .
Ernest E. White to Francis B. Hanley, lot on
XE line cf San Antonio avenue. 37 E of Morton
street, SE 50 bv NE 145. being portion of lots
10 and 11. block 4. Map cf Pacific Land Invest
ment Company's property at ilorton station,
and being portion of Fitch & Sharon Tract,
Alameda; $10.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Ward J. and
Lilly M. Spencer, lot on W line of Adeline
street. 40 S of Sixteenth. S C5 by W 1IQ, block
SS7, Oakland (subject to a mortgage for 52500);
HO.
William C. Ecdectel to Itegina Alnsworth. lot
on E line of Humboldt avenu-, 134.70 S of Rus
sell street. E SO.bS, fL C. W 7S.W, N €7.23 to bs- |
ginning, beins lot- 3. block F. Suburban Tract, i
Berkeley; also let on W lins of Florence street.
2SO X of Aehby avenue. N" «5 by W l>0. being- lot
J. block r>. Claremont Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Susan Thompson (administratrix estate of
Matthew J. Crook?) to E. S. Angel, all interest
in lot on S corner cf Nineteenth avenue and
East Twenty-seventh street. SW 90. SE 127:«.
SW 50, SE*73. NE 140. NW 2P2.S to beginning,
being lots 1, 2, 3, 6. 7 and g, block S9 on Map
of lots in Brooklyn. East Oakland; |2K».
E. 8. and ilarjaret Angel to John Center,
same; $10.
Carlos P. Griffin to Gecrsre L. Colzate. lot on
S\V corner of Fourteenth and Peralta. streets.
W 10O by S 40, beins portion block 72S-A. Oak
land; Jlt>.
The president asd board of trustees of St.
Mary's College (a corporation) to St. Mary's
College of Oakland, all Interest In bloc* of land
No. 37. fronting 300 on Fourth street and 200 on
Madison avenue, containing 23 lots, Oakland;
grant.
J. A. Flckes to Emma L, Flckes. lot on X
line of Thirtieth street. 453 E of Market, E JO
by N 140. being lot S3. block r33, Rowland
Tract. Oakland; sift.
Marion E. and Andrew O. Donogh to Sarah
B. Cheek (widow), lot on S line of Enirant ave
nue. 114:5^ E of ShattucK, E 40 by S 130. being
lot K. block 14, College Homstead Tract. Berke
ley; Jl'.».
Henri and Pauline Schwars to William and
Ma^Kie McKarley. lot on E line of Pine street,
150 X of Division, N 23 by E SO, block 6iS,
Oakland; $10.
John E. Finnegan to William E. Miles, lot
on W line of Webster street, 1207 S of Thir
teenth ar.d 927 N from North Fourteenth. N
35 by W 150. Oakland; $10.
Adeline M. McHenry Jolce to Joseph and
Margaret Nesbitt. let on "W" corner of Seventh
avenue and Ea?t Nineteenth street. SW 150 by
NW 1J0, twin? lots IS to 13, block 105. Clinton,
East Oakland: J4CC0.
Rosa M. Shattuck (widow) to John W.
Havens, lots 1 to 5. block 22. Shattuck Tract
Map 5. quitclaim deed, Berkeley; 110.
Rosa M. Shattuck (executrix estate F. K.
Shattuck) to Elizabeth G. McNeil, lot 1?. block
14. Shattuck Tract Map 4. Berkeley; SiO.
O. G. and Eliza B. May to Fannie W Bod
ger (wife of B. W.>. lots 14 and 16. block 2<>.
Daley's Scenic Park, subject to a. mortgage I
for $1200. Berkeley; $10.
Lorenz Jensen to Annie L. Jensen, lot 4. !
block 20, Tract B. Berkeley Lard and Town !
Improvement Association. Berkeley: %h\
Samuel E. and Minnie E. Knowles to Brain- j
ard X. Rowley, lot on NW corner of Chestnut '
street and Santa Clara, avenue, XV 75 by N !
157 :S. Alameda; $10.
Frances Smith to William R. Delzelle. lot
on N line of Clinton avenue, 1^0 W of Oak •
street. W 50 by N 130, being lot « in E half
of block- P. lands adjacent to Encinal. Ala- j
meda; $5.
Mary J. Fletcher to Mary Peterson, lot on
S line- of West Fourteenth street, 153 E <?f
Wood. E 15 by 8 106:3. being lot 7. block J. !
Garden Tract Homestead. Oakland; $10.
Central Land Company to Charles E. and j
Fanni* A. Irving. lot on SW corner of Market ]
and Thirty-fifth streets. W &«.97. S 32. E ISO.
N 32 to beginning, being a portion of block O
on map showin? the location of Thirty-fifth
street W of Market. In Central Land Company's
property, Oakland: $10.
William G. Henshaw and C. E. Palm/r
(trustees ITnlon Savings Bank) to Realty Syn
dicate, all Interest in the following: All cf \
blocks A to G. Stanford Tract, excepting lots
11, 12 and 13. block B. lots 1 to 12. S half of I
lot 14 and 23 to 27. block A. lot 13. block G. j
lots 11, 12 and 15 and NE to feet of let 15, !
block F, to correct 722 D. 231. OaJtlnad; $1.
Realty Syndicate to H. O. Beatty. lota S to 9
and NE M feet lot 5, block E. Stanford Tract: I
also lots 1 to 4. 13. 24 and £W ID feet Iot3 5
and 22 and NE 50 feet lot 13. block F. Stan
ford Tract: also lots S. 6 and 7. the SW* 20 j
f-et lot 8 and SW 140 feet lot 4. block G. same, ¦¦
Oakland; $10.
Same to Celia M. Denison, lots 1 to 4 and
SW 20 feet lot 5. block E. also lots « to 10
and NE 25 feet lot 5. block F. lots IS to 12.
block A. lots 14. 15 and ¦ 16, block B. lots 1.
2 and 3, block C, lots 1 to S. block D, ail en
Map of Stanford Tract. Oakland: $10.
Joseph B-. and Bessie McDonald to Peter A.
Cameron, lot on S line of Fourteenth street.
100 E of Grove. E 50 by 5 100, block 1S7; also
lot on S line of Fifteenth street. 155 E of Clay,
E 23 by S 103:9. block B. City Hall Tract. Oak
land; $10.
Peter A. and LJzzle Cameron to Joseph B.
McDonald, undivided half Interest In the fol
lowing: Lot on S line of Fourteenth street.
JO E of Grove E 50 by S 1<A block 1S7: also
lot on S line of Fifteenth street. 13"> " E of
Clay E 23 by S 103:9. block B. City Hall Tract:
i al«o "lot on N line of Nineteenth street. 130 W
| of Brush, W 3-> by N 1W. block 2^3; also lot
on S line of Twentieth street. 100 W of Brush,
W 13 by S W, block 133; $10.
'Mutual Investment Union ¦ to Mrs. Celia M.
Denison. lot beginning at a point formed by
the intersection of the center line of Piedmont
avenue with center line of Montecito avenue,
thence NW IB. NW :ilS4. NE 3f-5.47. SE 275. 73.
SW 130 SW 77.SS to beginning, being a portion
of part* B. subdivision map of Bowman Tract.
Oakland Township: $10. •¦»
J G F. and Annie E. Oellerlch ti> B. J.
Bit'her' lot 21 and E half of lot 20. block P.
Harmon Tract, subject to a mortgage for $1000.
\ « and Selma F. Woodbrldge to Herman
Her'tzei. lot 7. Bend Tract, Brooklyn Town
* Henry* i- and Sarah M. Jones to same, lots
22, 23 and 24. block &. Allendale Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
John O. and Laura A. Arnett (by W. S. Har
low commissioner) f> Agnss J. Parsons, lot 2S.
block A. Map of Lanri.-. of Oakland \ lew Home
stead Association, being portion of vV als worth
100-acre tract. Oakland; I1CC0.
Miles and Sophia Standish to J. J. Mclntyre.
lot on N line of Seventh street (or Railroad av
enue) *19 W from center line of Union street.
W 25,' N 100. E 23, S ICO to beginning, block 534.
g u .4n D Wright to Hattle D. Merithea. lot
on SE line of Twelfth avenue. 73 SW from East
Fifteenth street. SW 50 by SE 110. block 63,
Clinton. East Oakland: srift.
Susan D. Wright (widow) to Hattle D. Men
theu (wife of C. H.). lot on SW line of East
Twelfth street. 75 NW of Twelfth avenue. NW
73 by SW 150. being lots IS. 17 and IS, bloc* 37,
Clinton. East Oakland: gift.
A G Burns to Annie de \ ere Shields, lots S
and 7, block C. Fifh Tract. Alameda: gift.
Heinrike Goss to Joze M. and Filomena de J.
M Minhouto. lot on P line of Montgomery
street ISO W of Union. W 50 by S 100. being lot
3 block I. Map of new portion of Lynn Home
stead adjoining Highland Park. East Oakland;
Theodora C. A. Reschert (nee Fischer) to M.
B Malmstrom. lot on W line of Kennedy street.
250 N of Dennlson. N 12:S by W 125. beinjr por
tion of lots 1 and 2. block C. Shell Mound Tract,
East Oakland: $10. -
William T. (by attorney) and Carrie I>. Wykes
and as attorney to Oakland Ballding and Loan
Association, lot on E line of Ellis street. 26>> N
of Prince. N 42 by E 120, being the N 40 feet of
lot 103. block 7. Map of Lands of Regent-street
Homestead Association. Berkeley (quitclaim
deed); $*>.
James U and Mary C. Barker to Mary Meal
lev lot on N line of Francisco street. 60 W of
Grove W W by N 135:44, being portion of lot 10,
block* 2 Map of State University Homestead
Association No. 4. Berkeley; $10.
Sane to Richard Mealley. lot on TV line of
Grant street. IC5:4»i N of Francisco. N 20 by W
€0 being pCrtlon of lot 10, block 2. same; $10.
James F. Craig to Ida M. McCullough. lot on
N line of Blake street. 256.62 W of Shattuck
avenue W 50 by N 129.S5. being lot IS. block 7,
Shattuck Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Mary Fcsarty to Emelle Beshlltch (wife of
De^n) lot en S line of Blossom street. 233 W of
Fmltvale avenue. W 35. S 114.43. E 35. N 114.33
to beginning, being lot i. Map of Orchard Tract.
Brooklyn Townshlo: $10.
Annie Johnson to Frederick Marolf. lot on E
line of Rer.wlck avenue. SO S of Orral street, E
120:4 by S 50, being lot 23. block A. Map of
Fanny Davenport Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10
John L. Howard. John C. Siegfried and as
truste-. W. C. Savage and Leona. E. / Ford
(wife L. H.) to Knud Nlelson. let on N line of
Sherman avenue. ¦ 1*3 . E ¦ of Telegraph avena-.
E *5 by N 415. being the E half of lot £«. on
Amended Map of subdivision Mosswood Tract.
Oakland; quitclaim deed; $1.
William Hartman to game, same. Oakland;
•$10.
F. E and Mary J. Weston to William H. Mac
kinnorL. lou> 1 and 2. block G. Map of resub
dlvision of Weston Tract. Oakland: $10.
George* H. and Annette P. Barrett to Wil
liam and Ida A. Clark. I«s 13 and 14. block U
Roberts and WolfsWll Tract, Oakland, subject
to mortgage for $250; «0
Eleanor K. Pierre to Emile A. Pierre. lots 1
and 3. block 1. en Map of C. D. Baldwin's sub
division of a portion of the Woolsey Tract,
B B tM F ey and f Martha I. Goodwin to Frank A.
Pratt lets 21 to 24. block 1. Allendale Tract.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Edward C Sessions and Henry C. Campbell
(executors of the estate of George C. Potter)
to Ivey L. Bordcn. all Interest In block bound
ed on the N by Beach and Twenty-eighth
s-reets and N line of Twenty-eighth street ex
tended W to Willow street. S by Twenty-sixth
stm-t E by Campbell street and W by Willow
street* ex«?Dt that small portion which lies N
of No'rth Twenty-eighth street produced W to
Willow street, portion of Hougham Tract. Oak
la fvey L. * Borden to' Bank of Alameda. same.
Oakland: $200. ... " .
Ivey L. Borden (administrator of the estate
of Rhodes Borden) to same, undivided Xj In
terest in following: Lots 1 - to 9, block 771.
Watts Tract, Map 2, Oakland; lots 1 to 27,
block 770, and also fractional part of . lot 23»
block 770 bounded on the N by lot 27 of said
block 770.'. W by Wood street and S by S side
of --Watts ; Tract,"- Oakland: ' a triangular piece
of land • in block 763, bounded by Willow and
Center streets and lands of Geonce C • Fetter.
Oakland; an undetermined Interest of piece of
marsh land bounded on the N by Beach and
THE SAN FEASCISCO GALL, .THURSDAY, MAY IT, 1900.
11
n and » Fifth st. Tel. South 'o«
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
(Successors to Flannagan tt Gallafher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMS
10 Fifth zt.. . opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
C0KPAGSIS tEKESALE TKAHSATtiaTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVBE-PARIS. ..a^
tailir.s: every Thursday instead of
Satunlay. from November 2. ISM. at •>***'BJ»
1'} a:'m. from Pier -42. North River, foot of,
Morton st. L'AQUITAINE. May 34: LA TOU-
RAINE. May Jl: LA BRETAGNE. Jane 7; LA
LORRAINE. June 14. First class to Havre.
$&> and upward ; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. Hi; i per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. J*
Broadway (Hudson building). New Yortc J. T.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, a Mont-
gomery avenue. Saa Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOUPJ3
- (PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NSW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. t3 B*dw*y. X. T.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
- Reserred if secured before departure.
HERZOG * CO./ Gen. A arts, for Pacific Coast.
401 California st., corner Sansorne. S. F-
SAX FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA^
If deceased was a member of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the chartre for cremation, a copper re-
reptacla for the ashes and organ service Is $30.
The came for members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association'.
cremation;
KOO.1IS TO LET Fnrn. and Injnrn.
HARRISON.' VU'ii, raar~1FourtlwFuii«Ty~ fur-
nishM sunny rooas; bati>; all conveniences;
homelike: Ji week up.
HOTEL Fracci-co — Elegant suites: single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
MINNA. M7. cor. Elshth— New furnlihed bay-
wlr.dv-w rtom. Si per week: transient.
OFARRELL, X) — Suney furnl«he4 rooms . and
cfaces: e'.evator: electric lights: day. wt. rao. I
PLEASANT room, with use of kitchen end i
rarier: In Missicn; cheap; adu'ts. Address
iy:\ 2ZZ-. CeI'. cff.ee.
POWELL. :::—Lisht. clean, comfortable rms.;
tuttes jar singles; running water: gas: reas.
P.OSEDALE Hoas». 215 & n El!!s st— Rocras. {
night, :5c to II; week. U 25 ta }4: open night, i
ROTAL HOUSE. 1*S E".!*.s «t.— Incandescent ]
I'-ght. re9dinff room. imok!-. room and ladles' !
parior; room*. p«r n!j;ht. 2oc to Jl 5C : : week. $2 j
to SS: month. 1% to UO; elevator on office flocr; j
rocn:* with hot ar.d cc!d water; baths.
I
SHERMAN Apartment Hoase. M Eighth et.. f
r.ear Market— Furnished and unfurr.:sh*«J.
SITTER, I1U, nr. Larkin— Comfortably riirn.. |
fingle. euttes; aiso hskpj. ; term reasonaol*. j
TAYLOR. 31S—; elegant moms, double parlors; j
ga«: bath: suitable 2 gentlemen; private house, j
THE OAKS. 133 Third— A eood rooming house ;
icr rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor. ;
CLASSIFIED »dvert:semects and tubscriptlons ;
rtc*ir»-<i »; Ca'l fcranrh effice. tS» Flllmor* »t. i
— — — — — |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and |
n:t»cr:rt:ons has been established at 105* Va-
lerc!» stj
ROO31S A\D BOARD.
1 EELGRAVIA Hotel. Pcik and Clay— Sunny j
bay-window rooms; y-jpertor board: $13 up.
HAIGHT, 222- Sunny rooms, with board for t, j
j $4*) per month; also parlor suite for 2. $O.
I HOTEL Sutherland, ccr. Jones and Sutter sts.— j
Pleasant sunny sir.g'e rooms and suites, with ;
1 boar-J : Crrt-dass, with every convenience.
i LAS PALMAS. 1SK» Market st.-Suite of I cr 3 j
i rms.: rrivate; bath: tfn^ns&i beard cptlsr.al.
' PRIVATE family; la.-re. refined heme: cars or i
waikinK distance: Hi s-ir-grie. $« cfJr>Ie: no i
, chiT^r-n: p-orit« tn!v: reference required. A. f
I B.. box r.", Call offlce. : j
; VAN KESSL Jl— Several larg». sunny rocms.
i with b.-ard terrrs r«a<enabie; also fror.t and !
' ba<-k parlor, suitable for dcitcr; comfortable
: Y.cr.e.
' VAN" XES.-5 ave.. f44 (The TV-a:!a?e1— R<v>ms and
board: furnished ar.d unfurnished: $10.
i • !
SPECIAL SOT1CES.
LADIES— Ch!che«ter> English F^nnroyal Pills j
are the best; safe, reliable; take r.o other: |
*er.d 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief fer j
Ladles" In letter by return mail: at drug- j
E'.«ts. Chi.-hes'^r Chemical Co.. PMH4t* l .rP*. \
BAI>~tenanVs"ejec:ed for U: 'collections made: j
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION |
CO., <:» Montgomery St.. rooms 3-l r '; tel. o-'O. 1
ROOM? papered from $2: whitened. $1 up: j
raintinjr dene. Hartman Palr.t Co., SIS Third. !
i — ¦ ¦ I
SEWING MACH1.VES AND JITPLIES. |
RENTER repaired, bought, sold; machine sup- !
r'.ies. Standard Agency, M5 6th; phone Mint 45. ',
ALL kinis bought. «oH. exchanged, rented; '
repairinjr at lowest rates. ¦ Ida Fourth st. |
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlr.s; Co.
Office 401 Post Ft., cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713. i
PACIFIC Ptora&e *ni Furniture Movlsy Cf>m- ¦.
pany. Z220 Filirr.ore s:.; rhene Jackson 2SU
TO LEASE.
FOR rent— Fine dairy: 100 to IIj cows: In Sacra- j
mento County; cheap rent to rl^ht parties; ;
tWs is a money maker. For further partial- j
lars Eor>'.y to FRANK HICKMAN, 4U J St.. !
Sacra rr.ento. j
TYPEWRITERS A\D 5CPPEIES. *;
„„ ,_. . j
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We.'
sell better machines for lew rncney than any <
house in the ci?y: rentals. S3. The Tyj>?TvriteT i
Exchaace. C3S California, f !ephone Main :->6. '
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS I
j
BEIIKELEV KEAL ESTATE.
$c;/fl— TO close e$ta:»: corner lot ll*xlJ0; in (
Berkeley; near Ashby station and I block from 1
*.-..¦..-; car |l»r: with improvement!!. hou<"> j
R r>0CJ« and r.ath: larce barn, windmill and |
lark Addr*-« EDWARD HOEGEMAX.V. j
»iecuf>r. cr H. A'-'TOWau attorney. 615;
Safe Deposit tMt., San Franrlsco.
THOROUGHLY well fura'^hed house, in the \
very best i>art cf F>rke!»y. to rent f^r 6 i
' tnonthf- r»f»>rence^ rocjuired. Apr,]jr f> MA- t
R«)N & M'LEXATHES, adjoir.ine P. O.. j
B»rk>l>y Station. |
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
MILL Valley; n?u*» and lot cheap; on account ,
cf departure. Box 4^. Call. j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS. |
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
: tTS CASH. J5 monthly till paid— Chicken run 5fx
ZS* f**t: all fenced except 50 feet; soil the best, i
ani levei; well sheltered; grand .view; will j
build a c; ttae to ra'.t; no cold wind: no fog;
! n»ar a 50-fo-3t Ijoul'vard and electric car line
j jLnd not far from a fin* school: bulldins up all
I around; V.'eFtal! Valley Tract. Fruitvaie. ad-
JoinirK East OaklanrL Call or send for circu-
lar. 435 Seventh st.. near cor. Broadway,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
OAKLAND HOiDSBKEEFUG HOO3IS.
THR Waidcrf. 1220 Broadway. Oakland— New I
anl funny scites: hou?ekeepin? if desired; I
al«o sinrle rooms. j
OAKLAND FIRMTIRE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Sch'Ilhaas, the j
furniture dealer. 1Kb and Franklin, Oakland, i
»»—————— .^— —^— — |
UlVIUli.MJ NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Noti-e— Dividend No. TS *twen'y- (
five certs per sSare) of the Hutchinson Su{:ar
Plantation Company will b» payable at the |
ctSte of the company. 3C7 ilarket St.. on and |
after Monday. Mar 21. 1300. Transfer books I
•wiii close ,O3 Tuesday. May IS, 1S0O. at 3 j
o'clock p. iri.
H. W. THOMAS. S^retary Pro T»m.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
KOV.'ARDENNAN Iraprovement Co.— Notice of
intention to ciiar.gre principal place of bu»t-
ress— Notice is hereby riven that in pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thirds cI-S) of the capital stock cf the Ro-
wardenr^an Imprcvetnect Co.. a ccrporatloa.
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and Cied in the office of said cor-
poration. It Is the lntent!on of said corpora- I
tlon to remove and chance lt» principal place |
cf tusineis from the city and county of San
Fr»r.c!«eo. State cf California, to the town
cf Ben Lcracnd, in the county of Santa Crux.
Etate cf California, said removal cr change
to take effect immediately after the expira-
tion cf three >2- weeks from the publication
cf this nctlce.
Dated at the city and county of Saa Fran-
c'.ico, California, this 3d day of May, A. D.
1903. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON'. F»cretary. _^
raoro:»AL5.
! PROPOSALS fcr military supplies.— 3£ New !
Montgomery si.. San Francixco. Cal.. May 16. !
i 190ft. Pealed proposals In triplicate will be
j rpcetved her* until 11 o'clock a. m., June 6.
i 1>X>. and th^n opened, for furnishing Sta- j
¦ tion*-ry. Hardware. Office Furniture. Saddlery, i
Leather. IVu^hes. Buckets. Axle Grease, Lye i
i Oils. Paints. .Sponge. Cotton Waste, etc. Prefl I
I «r»nce will ** given to articles of domestic !
pnOatHaa ar.3 n'.ar.uTaciure. cenditiens or
price and quality lwirg »tiual (including in
the i,rice of foreign .irDductions the .luty !
f r>f American production an<! manufacture pro- j
| duced on the Tacifl^ f'^st to th» extent of !
i the unintitiptfrm retired by the public service 1
| ther». The United States reservrs the rlsht '
i to accept cr reject any or all proposals or any i
! part thereof. Proposals for delivery at other J
points will be entertained. Information and *
| blank proposals furnished on application. En-
; relcpe« will be endorsed "Proposals for Mili-
1 tary SurP"**. No. 4121." and addrefs-d CAP.
I TAIN OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quarter-
master. IT. S. Army. E>epot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS fcr mineral oil.— SS New Mont- «
1 comery St.. San Francisco. Cal.. May 14. 13C0.
<ealed proposals in triplicate will be received
here until 11 o'clock a. m.. June M. 1300, and
! then opened, for furnishing and storing here
100 000 gallons Mineral Oy. liT. decrees flash
! test In csees of two five-gallon cans each.
Preference will be riven to articles of d>>-
tne*tic production and manufacture, conditions
of price and quality bein« equal (Including in
the price of foreis-n productions the duty
thereon) and scch perference siven to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast to the extent of
the consumption required by the public service
tbere. i '
The United States reserves the ripht to ac- 1
cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blank proposals fur-
nished on application. Envelope* will be en-
dorsed "Proposals for Mineral Oil." and ad--
dressed CAPTAIN OSCAR F. LONG. Assist-
and Quartermaster, U. S. Army. Depot Quar-
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlee,
C\ Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
of saillnr.
SS. AMERICA MARC
Saturday. May 19th. 1900
SS HONGKONG MARIT
Thursday. June 14th. 1**»
S3. NIPPON MARL" Tuesday. July 10th. 15-CO
Via. Honolulu.
TOYO KISEN KAMA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WH.VRF. COR-
ner Flrat and Branran streets, lpm
for YOKOHAMA an3 HOXGKOXG, calling at
Kobe <H1q!;o>. Nasrasakl and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong- with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
DISPATCH FAST STEAMER3 TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. bs.
CADC S!2 First C! = ss Including Berth
fftnL S3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 23. June 5
COLUMBIA SAILS May 1«. ZS. June 7
Short Iin4 to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
.630, Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS- 4 CO..
Superintendents.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
i Steamers leave Broadway
W. wharf. San Francisco:
tJJjw. For Alaskan port«— 11 3. m..
1%* S «S?V 5 *" 1 ' - 1 - -*¦ 31 - Jli:ia 5 - Chanjre
it^>pJ22^»^ :¦-> company's s:»amer3 a:
p"w^5£K-at For v 'ctorla. Vancouver (B.
f^V<vSg<gaI O. Port ToTn?»ni, Seattle.
/^^^^BfjKsjK Tacoma. Everett. Ar.acortes
and New Whatrom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. May 21. 15. 31. June
3. and every fifth day thereafter: change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 19 a. ra.. May
1«. 23, 2$. June 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Fanta Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anireles) and Newport —
9 a. m.. May 13. ZX ?7. 31, June 4. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
fonl (San Luis Oblspo). Santa. Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a.
m.. May 17. II. 23, », June 2, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. MaKdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas. (Mexico) — 10 a. in.. May S, and
7th of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the ri^ht to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. den. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
OCxLAJT TRAVEL.
MAKBIAGE LICENSES.
The followins; marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John P. Stanton. S3. 1516 Church street, and
Fannie Hcjan. Z 1 }. 12Z Valley street.
Henry M. Frustuck. 34, 3M Tenth street, and
Elly Grunwaldt. Zi. J437 Sixteenth street.
Jarr.es Gil'es^ie. S3. 522 Linden avenue, and
Kate Dtinwcrth, 2). *22 LJn-len avenue.
Charles D. Carson, ZZ, citv. and Fannie Kln-
kead. IS. city.
Hfnry Scrulr. ZS. H3A Seventh street, and
Lena E. Kuhlmann. :?. 313 Grant avenue.
Edwin I* Baltey, 21, Suisun. and Grace F.
Bronjoc, 21. Suipin.
AMflmo W. Arana. !*. 121T l i Howard street,
ar.d Margaret O'Xei!!. Jn UtT 1 . Howard street.
Juliu« H»id«. T3. I^afayette, Cal.. and Eudora
L. Kwl. IS. I^afayette. Cal.
Joseph McKeeean. 24, Oakland, and Dora
NewhalL 24. Santa Cruz.
John L. Mathewscn. 23. 4!5 Brannan street,
and May C Ford. 20. J:T Lanston street.
Albert F. _T|i_no1son. 1$, Coronado, and Annie
E. Tornroth. IS. Eureka.
George W". Meyers, 3C, Urermore, and Doro-
thea M. Goemer* 13. L'.vermor*. •
Barton J. LonRfellow, 23, city, and Gertrude
B. Runner. Z3. city.
ETdear Lucas. 31, city, and Marjraret Keeae,
M. city.
Michael T. Drtjcoll. 23. 311 Minna street, and
Mary Fayne, 24, Oakland.
EARTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, ir.arriase and death notices sent by
ma!i will not be Inserted. They must be handed <
in at either of the oubllcation offices and be j
Indorsed xrlth the name and residence of per- ',
sons authorized to have the same published. ;
BOEN.
HENDERSON— In th'.s city. May 14, 1500. to
the wife of A. B. Henderson, a son.
HOLLAND— In this city. April 25. 1900. to the
wife of Joha Paul Holland, a son.
REED— In Berkeley. May S. IS00. to the wife
of C. C. Reed, a son.
MAEEIED.
KISTEMACHER-SCHMIDT — May 14. 1300,
Fr»rd Kistemacber and Alvecia Schmidt.
DIED.
Antony. Grace. McIIvainc Josephine :
C^nley. Ralph A. Martin. William S. :
De Miranda, Fran- Murphy, Martraret
c !s co Nelson, Lewis
Dolan. Francis O'Nell. Henry
Goodwin. Arthur E. Peterson. Edward
Orant. Edward Santry. Annie
Harnett. John J. Sullivan. Ellen
Ja-kson. Delia Tetum. Maryland
Koehler. Cliar'.es VIrrter. Adeliade
Lane, John Wright, Mrs. Susan
Leslie, Joha
AXTOSr- In this city. May 15. 1SW, Grace
Antoriy, dearly beloved <laug'?iter cf Henry
and Carrie Antony, and sister of Laura.
Fret!. Heanr and Carrie Antony, a native of
fcan Francisco, aged 1 year and 3 month?.
C7"FrifTids an.i acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Friday>. at I o'clock, from h»r parents' resi-
•>ncf. %!3 Xorth i»oint street, near Hyde.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
COXLEY-In Eart Oakland. May 15, 1900. Ralph
Atho!. son of David and A4a Conley, a na-
tive of Moores Flat. Nevada . County. Cal..
ag^d 1 year * months and S days.
DK MIRANDA— In Bradley. May H, 1300. Fran-
ct«<:o de Miranda, beloved husband of Hor-
terse d? Miranda, and regretted friend of Mr.
and Mr?. G. Btrson. a native of Caracas.
Venezuela, aged U years 3 months and 12
days.
C3 r F>iends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Friday), at 10 o'clock, at French Church' of
Notre Dame des Victoires. where a hteh ma«3
will he celebrated fcr the repoee of his soul.
Interment Holr Cross Cemetery. Remains at
the undertaking rarlors of J. S. Godeau. 305
Montgomery avenue.
DOLAN-In this city. May 14. 1300. Francis
DoUn. heloved father of Francis Jr.. Edward
and Georce Dolan. Mrs. Catherine Savage and
Mr*. Nellie Swift, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, affed <£ years.
C^ Friends an-i acrjalntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
denoe, Uz?4 Turk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van N>5S avenue, where a re-
Q-iiem h:th mass will »>* celebrated for the
repose of his sou!, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Inttrment Holy Cro.^s Cemetery.
GOODWIN— In Oakland. May It, lyio. Arthur
E.. son of Mrs. E. V. Gocdwin. and brother
r.f George W. ar.d J. D. Goodwin and Mrs.
Vernon Wilson, a native of Salt Lake City,
Ctah. aeed SS years 5 months and 1* days.
GRANT— In this city. M?.y 16, 1300. at the resi-
dence of his brother. J/~hn Grant. ISIS Turk
ftreet. Edward Grant, late of Los Angeles,
a native of County Down. Irsland. iged W
years 1 month an.i 8 days. (Los Angeles pa-
pers please copy.)
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
HARNETT— In Alameda. May 13. ISM. John J.,
heloved ton of Nano T. and th» late Maurice
Harnett. and brother of ChrtetnThPr Har-
netr. Mrs. H. J. Weeks and the late Acnes
J. and William J. Harriett, a native of New-'
cajgtle We*>t. County Limerick, Ireland, &ged
IS >ears and S months.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• Thursday), at S:2O o'clock, from the parlors
of the I'nited Undertakers. CT and ZS Fifth
street, thenoe to Sa.cred Heart church for
services at 3 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
JACKSON— In this city. May 15. .!3<w. Delia
Jackson, a native «f England, aeed &0 years.
KOEHLER— In this city. May 1%. 19<*J, Charles
Koehler. beloved husband of Delia Koehler,
a native of Breslau, Germany, aged 54 years.
LANE— In this oity. May i<i. I'm. John Lane,
a native of Ireland. a.v^\ 63 yr-ar*.
LESLIE— In the City and County H^pltal. May
1*. l>y>, John Leslie, a, native of Canada, aged
59 years. . _.
McILVAINE— In this city. May 13. 1500. Jrtseph-
ir.e Marie, only child of WinfieH K. and Mae
R Mcl'.vaine, ag^d 7 years and 7 months.
C Funeral fr>m re«idenc». 312 Guerrero
street, this day (Thursday), at 2 oVclock. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MARTIN— In this city. May 15. 1M0. William
Pt»wart, beloved son of George W. and Sarah
Martin, and brother of George M.. Ella. P.
and Ralph M. Martin, a native of California,
ago-d ?7 years and 9 months.
C^Fri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at his late residence, 1413 Howard street, this
day (Thursday!, at 2:33 o'clock. Interment
I Vallejo. Cal., Friday. May 1?. 1K0.
MURPHY— In this city. May 14, 1900. Marraret.
i beloved wife of Timothy Murphy. loving
mother rf Mrs. J. F. Flemlne and Marparet,
Annie. May and John Murphy, and sister of
Mrs. T. Foley. Mrs. P. Shea and Mrs. J. Por-
ter, a native of Castle Lyons. County Cork,
Ireland, ascd 41 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at &:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
fj^nce. 525 Bryant street, thence ta St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem hleh rna*9
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul.
commencins at » o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
KELSON— In this city. May IS. 19C0. Lewlg
Nelson, brloved son of Ann and Ole Nelson,
and brother of Edward. Martha ar.d Julia
Nel<on. a native of Iowa, aged 19 years.
O'NEIL— In this citv. May 15. 1300. Henry, be-
loved brother of John P., Joseph and "Law-
rence D. <>Neil. a native of San Francisco,
aced 43 years and S months.
Cy Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at &:S0 o'clock, from the parlors of
Carew & English. 41 Van Ness avenue.
thence to St. Brigid's Church, corner Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, where a requiem
hijh mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
PETKRSON— In this city. May 16, 1900. Ed-
ward, beloved son of Nils and Arnalia S.
Peterson, and brother of Matilda, Adaline.
Albert. FranWe and Theresa Peterson, a na-
tive cf San Francisco, aged S years 5 months
and 21 days. (Baltimore papers please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday*, at Z o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1613 Tonquin street, between Broderick
and Baker. Harbor View. Interment I. O.
O. F* Cemetery.
SANTRY— In this city. May 15, 1300. Annie, be-
loved wife of Joseph Santry, daughter of Pat-
rick and the late Margaret Eagren, and sister
of Mrs. Spohn, Mrs. W. Later. Mrs. M. Moody
ar.d Eugene Eagen, a native of California,
ased IS years.
StLLIVAN— In this city. May 13, 1S00. Ellen,
dearly beloved wife of David M. Sullivan,
mother of Penelope and David Sullivan, and
sister of Julia. P. J. an'l J. J. Sullivan, a na-
tive of County Limerick, Ireland, aged 10
years and 6 month*. (Chlcaeo and St. Louis
papers please copy.)
C7FTiends and acquaintances are re ¥ pect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday*. at S:l» o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Paul's Church, where a solemn
requiem high ma«s will be celebrated for the
r»r>ose of her soul, commencing; at 3 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TETirM— In the City and County Hospital.
May 18. 1M0, Maryland Tetum, a native of
Texas, aeed 22 years.
VIGNIER— In this city. May IS, 1900. Ade-
liade Josephine VIgmler fnee Owers). dearly
beloved- wife of Francois Vicnler. and be-
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Disrate!: the Fast asd Ccsunodloos Iroa
Steazsshlp
"CHARLES D, LANE"
(T7X ti-« imrdeoY
T. WArJi'.v. Master.
Via Seattle, on er about
; MAY 21, 1900.
The passengers* accemmcdaticns Ear- bees
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electrls lighted throughout. Any persoa c«b-
r.-;t-l with Mr. Lane asd golag eorta la his
employ wttl call at once rocm *. 23 Market
st.. ind lnqatre about paasaga and freigac
Will Have Experienced Ice Pilots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which win laser* a prozact Uaiio* at t&e!r
deaticatlaa.
i Tor pas we*, frtlgst, co!d stonje or laT-jrrsi-
I tloa aooly at ore* ts
J. J. HAVISIOE. 22 Market. Ra 6.
Or to Parser oa beard.
Heaij Freigiit Will Bs Takaa.
Alaska
Commercial dp?
Will Dispatch From San Francisco Direct for
NOME
— AST>—
St Michael
THE FTRST-CLAS3
S. S. SAN JOSE
SATURDAY, JUNE 2d,
AT I P. 1L
FOR RATES APPLT TO „ '
ALASKA
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
310 SANSOME STREET.
s s
\fe Valencia
]l "^"-x\ FOR
Cape Nome
SAN FRANCISCO MAY 26
SEATTLE MAY 31
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY3
F1RST-CI*AS3 UGHTXRAG8 FACILITIES
AT NOilE.
For passeaser and freight rates tpply ta
Pacific Steam Whaling Go.,
30 California St, S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAM FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR
THE WELL-KXOWN ALASKA FLTER.
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
i Positive Sallis.:
WEDNESDAY MAT I0TH
S. S. ZEALAND1A
j First SaHlnr- MONDAY. MAT 21ST
From Paeiflc-st. Dock at 3 O'clock Sharp.
! S«cond Sailing (approximate) JUNE STB
Parcel Espresa to AH Points.'
For frtlrht and passenger rates app!7 office.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 FOST STEIET.
AMERICAN LINE.
vzw toxx. son saxpto.v. loksok. tahs.
\ Stopple* at «rherboorK. wsstbwiad
From New York every "Wedneadaj. V> a. m.
I St. Louis May J2;pt. Louis Joss I)
I New York May 3* New York June »
i St. Paal June « St. Paul Jus* Zl
RED STA-* LINE.
Scvt Yorlr erjd Antwerp.
From Ne'sr York ev»ry "Wedaesdar. 13 soon.
Westernland . . . May 23 r Frlesland Juae 13
Kensington May 2»' Pouthwark June 5>
NoortllaM June &'¦ Westernlaad ...JuasK
EM»lRi LINE.
' S. S. Ohio sails from Steuart-st. wharf. Saa
I Francisco, for Nome, on May U. 2:30 p. m.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, bur limited freight spae*
Is stUI available. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle June 3>>. July 31. Ausuat 20. For rates
and ether information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
i 20 Montgomery at., or any of lt» acents.
0CEA>nC S. S. CO.-HONOLn.C, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
I S. S. ALAMEDA (vU Hf>nolalu> t^> New Z»».
t land and Australia — Thurs.. May 17. S p. ra.
es g. ACSTRALLV (Honolulu only)
-_* We<Inc3daj-. May S>\ V>y>. Z p. ra.
;. D. SPRECKELS & BSCb. CO.. A 31s.. i4 ttoniiontrt
Pttf 7. Fiat Pacific SL Frti;hiCt£c-.?27«Uriet SL
r/Ai>iiAP ¦ mi! hateoh jmotom
ftOSMOS UNEsst^. %»
3ZRAS13 .400O Tosu
Moa* ui t "^'"i far Valparaiso and ffamfrarg
. via "cxicaa ports. Onrrs^SoatliAsMriea. ate.
¦; S.S. Ltxxor. OO tons, sails about Juse S
( L '•. 8rBXCXtIS * tKOH. CO- Jfiata. lit *n<n*Tj St.
! nw £ T?-'r*tx>t oa«*. tn ***** »t,!h.» r^,
OAF^E NOME!
A few First and Second Class Tickets left on
the Ocean Llr.»r "VICTORIA." 3K2 registered
tons, for CAPE NOME, at OTTLNGER'3
TICKET OFFICE. C3> Market street.
BAY AND BT7EB STEAXEBS.
HSiirsrH^YARO AMD YAUEi^
Steamer "Monticello."
- MOS.. Tues.. Wed.. Tfcars. and Sat- at »:C
a. m.: 2:15, S^ft p. m. (ex_ Thurs. nlcht); Fri-
days. 1 p.' m. and 8:39: sandays. I"*:3> a. m.. i
p n>- LAadlns and of See. Mission-street Dock,
Pier >'©. 2. Telephone Mala E84.
FARE ..»c
ST. DOMINIfTS Church Building Association—
The monthly requiem high ma?s for the de-
ceased members of tt. Dominic's Church
Builrlin? Association, and for parents and
relatives of livlne members, will be iinnir In
St. Dominic's Church this day (Thursday.,
at 3 o'clock.
loved mcther of A. E. Verlinden of Colma, a
native of PariR. France, aged 6o years andl
month.
(T7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
fFridayj. at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. S. Godeau. 305 Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment private. In Mount Olivet Cemetery.^
WRIGHT— In Oakland. May 15, 1900. Mrs. SJaan
D. Wrieht. beloved mother of Mrs. Charles
H. Merithew, and beloved sister of George W.
Prescott. aped 65 years 5 months and 15 days.
(E3"Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
f Thursday),- at 2:30 o'clock.- from her Iate> resi-
dence. 1229 Twelfth avenue, Oakland. No
flowers. Interment rrlvate.
OCEAN TKAVET-.
P.CAL ESTATE CITV FOR SALE. !
A NlCiC bOOSC SA.TlfiCeii.
Iwtt-Faclas Alta Piaza. Cay «t. near
Scott. 2-rtory an<i basement resider.ee: con- j
ta;r_F fai-~n rarlars. large dinins room. k!*c:-«n i
a.r.1 break^a^t rocm en main fl-vir: ; beedroon-.s
on Mcrr.4 fl->or: cfcarmingiy situated in a se- i
!e<^i;r.igr.bort:ocd: raortgas^ of £»« can stand- :
orer war.t^i; raast be e^ld.
LYON- fc IIQAG. m MoTttcom^ry n.
: ' 'Y'.vT 0^ 1^' i=v««n«,t.
SKJSeO-Pmrm I per c-eat n^t: htadsom* 4-«tory
*E fc * s * nMa >t build'.ns; i block frem Alhaai- ;
%^-Ztfr.t 1ST 60; CSe, new hay.^irHow -ats. j
ccnta-.r.ins . « and . roems. «t: utest plumbirc: »
every Eod»rn ccr.v»ni«!c» ; i o t» of sar.sMn*- i
Unre let flisciioc in v«r> best P art of park
-. .¦ : z~ . r «iirtrict.
_____
tT7i-»-P.er.:e<5 $S3: all rer.'.»d: s.-i»ri«"!d Invest- |
rr.-T.t in best residence- faction of Mis«lon warm i
belt; let :mproT»r»r.t In uppie-pt* order. .
LYOX & HOAO. 114 M»ntrr>merr st.
SWELL C4t s l n a swell district!
Pay 13 r«r cent.
t^.Mft— Kan<««-_i5e new flats on Van Ness :
• ye.; contain T wres each: latest sanitary '¦
jwtimUr^; ciarbl* *t»?r^. etc: expensively nil- j
MM4j an excellent ir:vvstm < T:t in a ewell dis- j
tr.Ct; r~5t fia.
SS^AV-Pf-jir.ii-r.'w bSBW: TT3 Cote st.. bet. Wai. i
ler and Fr*^*>rlck: tize, neir. Kunny house, con- i
taini— g & rooms, bath. »-lc. ; w:n*r->cm and !a»jn-
dry in fcisem^rt : !ot ;;xtf-»; street bituminlsetl ¦ ;
«>xpensiv.?;.¥ fri«h*d: walls all tinted and decor- '
at»d in th« best taste.
L.YOX £ HOAO. Ill Mcnrrraery »?. '¦
ISM^-STSXaCKSS corner »t the Mission; ! g-ocd i
bui!d:r.«>; sil rented: pays over 13 per cent; a '
LYOX A IIOAO. Cl Montsomerjr st.
BEAI.TIFLT. MODERN IiOMES
IN A CHARMING LOCALITY, j
New ur*-tc»-r<ate bntif» on Clayton «.. n»a-
Fr»^«r!ck: contain larre r*c«rticm ball, eveil '
r-arl^r^. <$:r:ln*-rc>OTn and kitchea on main i
Oocr; « larg*. nraay b^iro-.ms. with .irrsHng-
r~*rr. s.Ttach<»d. en second floor; big tasefaenf j
*F'.*~'.ii<i *aste ha« been ihova in the decora- ¦
t.JO=i; <-p»n pianibinr; expensive manteis; '
{¦tec I«SC* fcr C-rr»nm house and J5iOO for ¦
t-rrxm hoa<^»; wra!*. s=«y. ;:o>?0 <-a*h. baJance
t.'.-r-.Mr: t:ue cars ca Hddy st. pass the prop- :
trty. I?a;rht-?t. <s.t% trantfer.
LYON & HOAO, 111 Montroraery ft. !
JI" ¦'-'" — FINE .'vi>«teTO Adiiri^T! bu«'.ne»« conifr •
en EXSta yt. ; Z7~-~ f«-t f ror.tape. rurmine ta '
rear ctreet; rent« $!*«?: own^r eoing to Philip- !
.:..*.= ; r-..--rtc«:e can reraain: fcr a few days '.
<r. r- FCOTT & HARRIS, '.-ft Post tt. * v
JC5— HAP.E cha.T-.c-e: Mason-st. c?mer: 2-sf>ry ¦
Imj > <m_ Ina— r baOOtes aii'i :-stcry tu!i(!ir:p; :
r»-.t $C r*r month; lt>t fn%:» with L; a".- '
VX3? rented. Ir.qulre at 1P11 Ha?on st.
JF FOB have property north of the Park, cr :
K':tx«r'i= Addition »cd the Mission, that ycu :
««nt to dis.j>cw? of. then call on W. J. i
«1">:X. £23 ¦...:•---... t «t. ;
MODERN~hc5se« arid flat* fc-JiH at lowest |
rrtc*?: rl*T»s and estimates furr.ished fcr all •
t.u'.ldirjr v.-crV:. CA?JPBELL. 1147 Mission St. ,
UtAl. ESTATE COIXTUV Fur S»I«
|U0»-rCCE ?.-srrr ranch: lerel garden laad; \
rood house; bam fall cf hay; fin* horse,
frussr; l:« chickens and tsrmis* tocls. etc.; |
iare Z6c. mile to ttation-
<~Ifir»cc« ss!e; MJc on the 51: r? fine !n-
proved rants la prices rar.frir.s from I1CC0 to
each; they belong to a b^rJc and are
ordered ecld withir. sixty days at 4 appraised ,
vaia*: *asy tern:«; freight to S. F. Ji a tea; !
far* ia<r. Cai! for fun crinted descriEticn.
t'.ZS— N'ice H ¦< m h-'iriff. r^i R. I:.: nice laad; :
>LJ»*e o*k trr^»*: r»«yaiil<» Il*> a mcr.th.^
WESTERN LAND CO.. €40 Market «t.
itCST FE SOLD
TO CLOFE PARTNERSHIP. '
IT aT^s rhnic* land in por-crna «"oanty. uaim- •
tc«*A; a!!"" ?> ai-re^. wi*h about 12 acres !
j m illg; orrhard, finwir.jr w«>ir, small house an-I :
bsrn. ;---i fences, chicken houses, etc; will !
t*U tfptnit&y t^pether. Apply (fcrenoocj •
'Hw. ?°Z EitMh St.. c'.ty. !
riLL SELL OR EXCHANGE!
U arre*: Sv" peach. ?«) almonj. TOO prune j
tr»«; larr;* cr^p fruit i?o*» with place: 7-rocra j
rr.r-<i»»m cottage: stable; goM well with horye- i
IK'W^r: ?C»«; tSSM n-^rt«-a«»: exchanee for ¦
OtJclar.1 property. SALS«BL"RY. «;.* Ninth St..
Oakland.
JT^-DE'IRABLE courtry home: 10 acree
" choicest fruit land; l&>0 slracnl and 00 select
tnttt trees, j to 5 year* oil: new hart-finished ,
resUcaee; ban a^d cth»r buildings; excellent i
¦xcll tt »Eter: r.*w ¦w.ndini!!: pood school: de- :
t-:rat> n»i?hbcrhood: by rail 1«_. hours from |
E. F. Arrly ~ ?»n Pablo iw.. Oakland.
\ve bare Bevcral bargains r: fruit ranches lo- '
C*trt ?ar.:a '*rjr Mountains. WESTERN
LAN*I> CO., U1 Market St.. S. F.
JkCCl'RATE j<*T«onal knowledge— each cf the
»X<' ranches en my sale and exchange list. X. .
I'. FICKEL5. the-L*r»d Arer.t, 10 Oear>' «t.
A T'EED t>> I^ 1 arrps n»ar thi« city; !•¦> in or- •
chard; U^. M. GRIFFIN. Tl? Market «.
AJIL1. VmJiry: bcnH and lot cheap: on account I
cf d^par'.ure. IV>» <J?. Call efnee. - »
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
COn. McAllister. iZt Lag-nna— Handsomely fcr- •
r.iilsed larce eunr.y Iront suite, tlf; also mod- i
en ntt:r:?s for lisht hskjre- : St. Jara-s.
CLAY, SO, near Filltr.cre— 2 Urpe unfurnished i
rccn:s; yard, water; rear; rent J7.
. . i
DEVI5ADEKO. 15> 5— 2 sunny frcnt rocms an!
rath. ccTr;r:ietely furnished; rent Jl^- ;
EDDY. f*~ Nicely fumisruxi hay-windnw ruite. ;
c :~r!ete fer housekeepin.:, with kitchen; ga« ¦
f to', e. ;
I;*'DY. SIT— P'.eayarit. sunny, ccnnectlnfr hovse- '
i'>;-.DS rocm*; splendid location: private res. I
KT-DY. f2S— Two cr three sunny rooms fcr light '
Iiimi» ¦*< J.IIIH." fir.jrie roesi als-j; private fam-
__^__ '
ELIJi?. !2>— Xirelr fnrrlrh.<~l sunny rooms for •
h ¦;**'*r-~i'.r.g; also other roonu.
rSRST, 3-^TbTM front tansy, furnished rocms
• ¦ • ¦ cht houvkeep'.n* ; $10 p»r month.
T' !L>' >'l. KM— Z runny oonn»^tlRjr hkp«r. rm»; j
• tliiwl bath, priv.; %V>; also «nher. *-. j
F<"»r RTHr225-^Nice frcnt rooms, suitable for I
Htfct hcu«keerint.
GEARY. ?:;*«— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms: light
h"ue*ke*T-irijr: private family; r«>rereac€«.
C, Q. av».. 334— Parlor floor for 5 aduits: plane; j
- -veMy. renovated; aim siRyle; hath; yar<l. ,
3' 1 ¦'¦'. \VX\ I60ft— Lartre front bay-window ro^m; :
kit«-h*n: cf.n:plete heBVktfnliif; ch^ap: priv. .
vripVT _SJ(, rear Sutler— A front suite. $11; ;
_ra«. jKrfVT service free. Apply 15 Grant ave. ;
MaTHvET. VSO, near City Hatl-2 ranar front ;
r-. -k«; »it»r; rang»; yard; rent »15; also ua- !
fnratefaed. . . j
iicALLIST Eldest 2 larjre !
ri-rms. kitchen and bath; rea?onatle. -. -j
HISSXOX. Jii— A klt-hpn and r.ir» front rr>nn !
v.i'.h fr>!dir.jr *^d. rompl*!* fcr h«usekeep;nK» ;
l'.:--: ri N. ZZZZ. r»ar 22d— Sunny furnished ¦
rxf'jsm; call rccminir and evening.
OAK. UV-2 rser.y moms furnished fcr hea\-y <
¦ .*• ¦•.'>-{'( r.jr: fl*: 1 ta^ement room. same. St. ',
OCTA.VL*. 4K3. cor. Geary— Sunny »umi»hetl |
ta- r-. tr.ant'l, folding-bed; kitchen; com- '
;-i*:e: Tl- )
CFARRELL. 7O-4 rjcely furnished h:u»e- !
kftr^f rocms: parlor fiocr. J1S. S20.
tCOTT. :T^— TKre* enfurrriyhed housekeepicc
rocrrs: ufe cf bath: !% or Sls> r-.--.-r.
irVFNTHr£ia^»"{«; 2 uBfurci«hed hoo«ekeep- '
y«ar rocoBt.
FHOTV.TLU 21>— 2 fcousekeepir-g room*, fur- |
r..*V*l: u^e cf bath. |
THRnE CnmMwd housekeeping nwmi; elegaat |
private resideac-e: cas sieve; pian->: bath; ]
$a ¥>: Jackson Pt.. nr. Baker. Box 2237, Call. J
VAN NESS ave.. «2— Sunny fror.t room* for !
heusekeepir^. tl2 to JIS; a'.io Elsgie rooms fer
g*stleTr.f n. J6 to JM. ;
CLAS5LF-EI> advertisemer.t» and «ub«crlrtloa» 1
receded at Call branch eSce, 2200 Flllrr.ore at.'
a"kHANCTI offioe fcr Call aiivertfsesier.ts and '
•utearlpUcoa has been established at iOSC Va- {
lenfia Ft. )
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and t'nfarn. !
A-BP.T-'NSTVICK HOUSE. IU Hixth— Rocma i
*Sc to tl i*-t night; $1 25 to iZ per week, and j
l:sht hout«»i£eepir.g; t.^en all night. j
>T^"TH£ ELMER HOUSE." !Zi Bush tt.. aa-
jc!r:r-E th» Huss Hotel; it rocms; ail prices.
AT t": Honriri- '"barred haada: respectable; J
rewly renovated; slz^tlt, double ana house- ;
kr?2:r.t rooir.s: tl CD. j
IJAKErt. tSH—2 «unny-nr;=t tuvfurclshed house- i
keeping rooai; bath. j
BOHEMIA. 223 Post. ccr. Stkn.— Single and ccr. j
runny suites; finest in city; h... c water; cars ;
pas* doer; elevator; tourists aefroninscwiated. !
EURNETT. It2« Market st- (eld No. I2W)— Far-
ni*h*d nrs.. suite*, single: also csfurnished.
O.nnOLTOX. 12« Market, ccr. Gcldea Gate
ave— Suany csrnet; well furn.; na». A. offices, j
HLLIS. CC— Eie^aat furnished parlors; cnites i
frr 2 or S r«ml5SE«n; r.ear City Hall.
KOLSOM. &C-. cor. Cth— Suite of 3 elegant »unny
conser rooms, suitable for doctor.
rOLSOM. 9C. cor. fth— <Th« OilTer)— Newly
f urn. /ursy room*, single cr su:tes; rtaaonbL
CKAItT +3S <Tfce Xararrr) — Elegantly tarnished
rccn:*:* suite* or single; traveler* accom'dated.
GEARY. €C>— Newly furnished rocm for sent;
Sin racV-th.
OK SOLTKEK.V. »outl:»a.£t comer Serenth
and Mission «**.— Suasy rocirs. en raite or
fl^Sle: lau'.es' parlor; reaclr^ rocai: elevatar.
HANCOCIC *HOUFE. TM Mission tt.— Select
f a mlly rooming boose; tl SO to ft per week.
HOLLAND Hoase. 429 Sixth rt.— Nicely fur-
bUhed rocms from Jl to C per wetk. I
mKERAL DIRECTORS AND EXBALXER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.The California Republican Associa-
tion Will Mset To-Night and
Elect Directors.
A club known as the California Repub
lican Association is to be established In
this city. The charter members are:
George t). Squires. George M. Ferine, S. C.
Irvlnj?. Willis M. Brown, H. T. Scott, Irving
M. Scott, Emile 'Beauer, Frank French, Charles
F. McCarthy, John D. Slebe, E. P. Barrett,
Albert H. Menne. R. E. Miller, George R.
Fletcher. IV. K. Bridge. A. B. Truman, \V. Z.
Tiffany, L.- R. Ellert, Frank McGowan, Arthur
G. Kisk. M. M. Kstee, John Lackmann, James
W. Harris. Asa H. Wells. A. H. Merrill. I.ucius
L. Solomons. Dr. J. Perrault, Charles L. Pat
ton, J. A. Hosmcr, John R. Hillman, R. IL
Jones, II. E. Holmes, Lyman I. Mowry. G. H.
Umbtsen. Charles E. Fredericks, G. D. Clark.
F. A. Denlcke. Charles Sonntasr. Dr. W. B.
Coffey. K. G. Sanborn, Eugene F. Bert. Davis
Louderback. A. G, Booth, J. P. McMurray,
Charles noxton, George J. Shaw, Ed H. Algel
tl tiger, Lincoln D. MacDonald, John Tuttle,
Tirey L* Ford.
There will be a meeting of the club at
Assembly Hall. Mills building, this even
ing. Eleven director?, to hold office for
two years, will be chosen. 1 The avowed
purpose of the organization is to resist
corruption in politics and prevent the elec
tion of corrupt and unworthy candidates
for office and to disseminate and support
Republican principles.
CHARTER MEMBERS OF
NEW POLITICAL CLUB
$3 50 men's vie* kid shoes for $2 50 pair at
the Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market St.*
COMPANIONS OF FOREST
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
to J. S. Van Buren of Hongkong
Chauncey M. St. John's Compliment
nt Bohemian Club.
A delightful dinner was given in the red
room of the Bohemian Club last Tuesday
night by Deputy Surveyor of Customs
Chauncey M. St. John to his cousin, J. S.
Van Buren of Hongkong, China.
Mr. Van Buren is agent of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company at Hongkong,
and also representative of the Oceanic
and Oriental Steamship Company and the
Toyo KIsen Kaisha Steamship Company.
The other guests were: Joseph S. dpear,
Surveyor of Customs; John P. Jackson,
Collector of the Port; John P. Irish,
United States Naval Ofilcer; Alexander
Center, general agent of the Pacific Mail
Company; D. D. Stubbs. general agent of
the Oceanic and Oriental Steamship Com.
pany; W. H. Avery, general agent of the
Toyo Kisen Kaisha Steamship Company;
Captain G. C. Reiter, U. S. N. (of the
Wisconsin); Captain Charles Nelson, pres
ident of the Chamber of Commerct; T. W.
Noyes of Washington, Captain W. S.
l.iarnes, Lewis It. Mead and Charles G.
Yale.
Colonel Irish, as toastmaster, contrib
uted to the felicity of the banquet. The
table decorations and the menu cards
were beautiful and appropriate.
AGREEABLE BANQUET
IN THE RED ROOM
plained to him that a gang of thugs was
on his trail and that he would be robbed
of every cent before he reached Texas;
but he was determined to go on, and he
did. The police are now searching high
and low for the robbers, but so far not a
trace of them can be found.
To Settle Botkin Controversy.
Judge Cook announced yesterday morn
ing that the attorneys for Mrs. Cordelia
Eotkin. together with District Attorney
Byington, will assemble before him to
day at noon that the belief of the court
and others that Mrs. Botkln has been en
joying her liberty may be verified or dis
proved. The matter was to have been
taken up yesterday at noon, but owing to
the absence of George A. Knight a con
tinuance was ordered.
Dr. W. H. Mays resumed practice 1116
Sutter, cor. Larkln: res.. Hotel Granada,*
The McGlade Case Jury.
The work of securing a jury for the
trial of Peter McGlade on a charge of
forgery proceeded before Judge Cook yes
terday. Owing to illness. M. Eckenstein
was dismissed, and the following jurors
now occupy the*box: F. L. Guntz B
Grave, II. J. Hancock, Clarence Musto
E. D. Sacks. J. B. Williams. E. E. Shafer'
II. F. McGurren and Fred Dieling.
Ex-Placerites' Trip to Auburn.
Members of the Association of ex-P!a
cerites of this city, which is to go on an
excursion to beautiful Auburn, Placer
County, to-morrow, will have to start at
8 instead of 9 a. m., as previously an
nounced. Those who get left may go by
the regular, train on the following day.
for Texas last Monday. Mr. Heise ad
vised him to take a check for the money
and send it to San Francisco for collec
tion as soon as he reached his destina
tion. Old Kuechenmeister had enough
money in gold to keep him going for a
month and in ordinary circumstances
would not have needed to use the check
until the cash was forthcoming.
When Kuechenmeister got back to his
hotel with the check he was told that he
would have all kinds of trouble in cash
ing- it and was strongly advised to get the
cash. He accordingly remained over
Monday night, missing his train, and go
ing to Heise's store explained the situa
tion. The latter at once got on the cars
with the old man and together they went
to the Germania Trust Company, where
the check was instantly cashed upon pre
sentation. KuechenmeiBter took $300 in
greenbacks, which he placed in an inside
vest pocket, and the gold he was pour
ing into the inside pocket of his coat as
he walked out of the bank.
From the Germania Trust Company
Helse and Kuechenmeister went to the
office of the Santa Fe to see if the ticket
on which he should have left for Texas \
on Monday night was still good. Finding
that it was, Heise bade him good-by and
started for a Valencia-street car.
Two minutes later Kuechenmeister was
struck from behind, and fell in a heap on
the sidewalk. Some one Immediately fell
on top of him, and while pretending to
raise him from the sidewaik went through
his pockets and got away with all the
twenties his hand could hold.
Heise noticed the disturbance and re
turned to find his old friend sitting on the
curbstone half dazed. When he learned
what had happened he reported the mat
ter to the police. Captain Seymour and'
his men have been on the case ever since.
Captain Seymour tried his best to get old
Kuechenmeister to remain in San Fran
cisco, but he was obdurate. It was ex-
Splendid Showing of Water Colors,
Pastels, Oils and Black and
Whites.
The opening of the spring exhibition of
the Sketch Club last evening was a most
delightful affair. The attendance was a
large and fashionable one and the show-
Ing made by the club members was most
creditable. AH the rooms In the tiny cot
tage of the club at 131S California street
were given over to the exhibition and In
them were shown respectively pastels,
water-colors, oil3, black and whites and
designs, all the work of club members.
Miss Helen Hyde sent from Japan some
delightful Japanese sketches In water
colors that were given a good place and
were much admired. Mrs. Mary I. Brad
ford's eucalyptus design attracted consid
erable attention.
Mrs. Albertine Randall "WTieelan, as
sisted by the officers of the club, received
the guests. The exhibition will continue
till Wednesday. May 23, Sunday included.
OPENING OF SKETCH
CIsUB EXHIBITION
him $20 to pay her rent and $1 75 to pay
her gas bill. He spent the money other
wise.
TAVO weeks from to-night Al Xeill.
champion middleweight boxer of the
Pacific Coast and of Australia, will
defend his title against "Jack" Mof
fit of Chicago. Xeill has had merely a
let-up in his work since he met and de
feated Tim Murphy In Mechanics' Pavi
lion. He will drop Into the routine . of
training again without noticing the transi
tion from comparative rest to activity. He
spent some time at the springs, near Val
lejo, living an outdoor life and replenish
ing his store of vitality. Moffltt is fresh
from gymnasium work at his Chicago
home and has settled down to complete
the conditioning process at Seal Rock
House, on the Ocean Beach. Here he can
avail himself of the firm sand of the beach
or the roads of the Park for his outdoor
work, while a complete gymnasium affords
him every facility for the upbuilding of
the muscles called into play in the ring.
Both he and his mentor believe he has
ample time in which to fit himself for the
ring. ., y „
OLD MAN ROBBED
OF HIS GOLD IN
BROAD DAYLIGHT
After Leaving the Santa Fe Office for
the Ferries He Was Knocked
Down and His Money
Stolen.
One of the most daring hold-ups ever
perpetrated In San Franciscto took place
on Market street before the noon hour
last Tuesday. In the presence of at least
100 people and with half a dozen police
men within call, an old man was knocked
down and robbed of over J2tX». Captain
Seymour and half a dozen of his best de
tectives are now at work on the case,
but the chances are that not a clew to
the highwaymen will ever be found.
Early In April two elderly Germans,
L.udTrig Kuechenmelster and Josef Wen
zel, arrived here from Baltimore and reg
istered at the Valencia Hotel at 718-722
Valencia street. Kuechenmeister paid his
board and lodging up to May 14, on which
day he was scheduled to leave for Texas.
Wenzel paid as he went along, but that
was only for a few days, as one morning
he was found dead in bed— asphyxiated.
A Coroner's jury found it a case of mo
noxoid poisoning and the case is now
nearly forgotten.
As soon as Kuechenmeister was settled
In the hotel he hunted up an old friend of
his family, J. D. Heise, the well-known
grocer at the corner of Valencia and Sis
teenth streets. To the latter he intrusted
$750 for safe keeping and never inquired
for It again until he was ready to leave
L. Kuecheumeister Lost Half
His Wealth on Market
Street.
PATENT GAS LIGHTER
A DEADLY INVENTION
Edward Grant, Not Knowings How to
Use It, Was Suffocated
in Bed.
HENRIETTA L B. SUTRO
IS PRESSING HER SUIT
Hearing of Her Action for Mainten
ance Is Taken Up by Judgs
Belcher.
Reduction in Hospital Salaries.
The employes of the City and County
Hospital were notified by Dr. Bazet of
the Health Board yesterday that all those
receiving salary of $40 per month and over
¦would suffer a reduction of 15 per cent.
This order replace? a former one Issued
two months ago. which made a cut of 25
per cent in salaries. Dr. Iiazet also in
formed Superintendent Sussdorf that the
expense for FupplleH for the hospital must
be kept below 5-4445 for May and June.
¦ * ¦
Belgian hare news pvery week in tbe Park
News. G*t a copy. An authority. •
Runaway witness Captured.
Horace Bell, a defaulting witness want
ed in Los Angeles, was arrested here yes
terday morning by Deputy Sheriff Harry
Johnston of that city. Johnston met Bell
on Howard street, jie took him to police
headquarters and, rinding there was a
bench warrant for his arrest, turned him
over to Detective Anthony. Deputy
Sheriff \V. K. Smith left with Bell on the
afternoon train. The prisoner is a promi
nent witness against a woman named
Blir.n Pierce, with whom he lived, who 1»
ciiarced with stealing a lot of valuable
diamonds from a Dr. Thatcher.
RIVAL MIDDLEWEIGHTS WHO
WILL MEET IN THE RING
FORMAL-DEMAND
FOR MARCEAU'S
ARREST IS MADE
District Attorney Petitions
the Governor to Take
Action.
WM1« Requisition Papers Are Being
Secured tne Colonel Is Kept
Under Surveillance In
New York City.
District Attorney Bylr.gton has made
formal request to Governor Gago for re
quisition papers on which to secure the
return of Colonel Theodore C. ilarceau,
v.-ho stands charged with the crime of
kJSr.ap'.rg. This charge was made
against Kutdn by his former wife, Mrs.
Amanda J. Fiske-Marceau-Fennell, short
ly after It wss discovered that he had
f.ed the Suite with baby Theo. Colonel
Marceau is r.ov in New York and is locat
ed at the Waldorf-Abtoria. It is believed
that he is on his way to the Parts Expo
sition but he will very likely be stopped
should he endeavor to board an outbound
ftcamer. A telegram received by Cap
tain Seymour "\Y<-onesday from George W.
MoCluskey. captain of iho New York De
tective liu!cau. iir.nounocd that the colo
nel was under surveillance and would re
main so u;iUI the rece:pt of further ln-
BtmctioM.
District Attorney Byir.gton's request
we* irsaiWi to the Governor last evening.
In hiF petition ifr~ District Attorney avers
that Marc^au stand. 1 * oharprivi with the
cr.aie of kidnaping, and that the prose
cution is instituted undor section 207 of
the Penal Code. He assorts that the ap
rl?oat!on is not nude for the purpose of
onforcing the collection of any <i*»bt or for
any other private purpose, and if the re
quisition is granted the criminal proceed
ing will not bo used for any such purpose.
In conclusion the District Attorney al
lepes that he is advised that the ends of
justice require that Colonel Marceau
ehould be l;rouKht back to ;he State for
tiinl upon the charge against him. and
asks that a porscn having r.o private in
terest in the arrest of the colonel be ap
pointed messenger and acent of the State
to go after, receive and bring him to this
city for trial.
Accompanying the request for requisi
tion is a cortin<?<i copy of the complaint
made l>y Mrs. FlFke-Marceau-Fennell.
on which the warrant for Colonel Mar
ceau'E arrest wr.s issued. He will doubt
ie«s fiphi apainFt extradition, but both
Mrs. Fiske-Marceau-Fenr.rll and her
attorney. I>ou:s P. Boardman. as well as
the District Attorney, are confident that
he will be obliged to postpone his trip to
the Paris Kxp^Fition.
Collis P. Huntington gave hi3 "annual"
last night and they were all there, every
mother's son of them. Employes grown
gray in the service and the young- blood
that has come from the far East to re
juvenate the company sat around the
oval-shaped board and bowed In obeisance
to the lordly ruler of tne banquet feast,
eating of his viands and drinking of his
proffered waters. Xot a hitch nor a fal
ter marred the dinner which was served
in the beautiful art gallery of the Hunt
ington mansion on California street. Per
fect in appointment, soul-stirring in elo
quence and tantalizing of palate was this
the latest tribute of the president to his
trusted employes. And the host was
more than recompensed ' for his gastro
nomic courtesies. All that wit, all that
devotion ever gave was at his feet and
he was happy as a youth In summer
time.
In the very apple's eye of the center of
the table was the host and on either side
of him was Archmanipulator Herrin and
William Sproule. Herrin was master of
ceremonies, but Sproule was more than
that last night. He was the toastmaster,
and never was he in better form for scin
tillating, brilliant repartee. W. H. Mills
was not there — for good reasons. Paris
is the thing nowadays and Mills is watch
ing the company's interests in a far off.
land, so Sproule did the literary honors
and he did them well. All were happy —
jubilant. In fact — and the continuous
smile on Collis P. Huntington's face acted
as a wave of Joy which spread to the far
thermost ends of the long table.
J. C. Stubbs and Julius Kruttschnltt
were placed on the ends and they used a
well-skinned eye to control the fractious
cohorts. For ihe time being the hammer
orchestra was at rest. All was harmony
and peace on earth.
. From the blue point oysters to the
broiled plovers neither adulation nor im
patience were gtven full sway. After that
came the dozen or two of dessert and the
cafe nolr en demi tasse. That was the
signal for bursts of eloquence, and Herrin
unloosened the floodgates in a lofty in
troduction to the flow of reason that fol
lowed. No other than the host himself
started the toast ball rolling. His sub
ject was: "Past, Present and Future of
California."
A song by the combined company and
chorus, "For He's a Jolly Good Fellow,"
was the nightcap and the annual dinner
of 1900 passed into S. P. R. R. history.
About G000 words of printed manuscript
were reeled off the spindle by Huntlngton,
in which he damned the Nicaragua canal
most vehemently, shouted loud for expan
sion and went back to the golden days of
'49 to serve a moral and adorn a tale.
J. C. Stubbs was on hand with carefully
prepared wisdom on "Expansion The
ories." William Hood descanted on
"Legal Obstruction to Construction,"
G. E. Miles worked down to the personal
end of It by taliklng upon the "Personnel
of Our Active Workers." Foshay Walker
was set for a humorous speech on "After
dinner Endeavors." Then came C. H.
Morham of Portland, and he talked long
and ardently on the "Webfoot State." W.
V. Stafford, representing tfie conductors,
contributed his vocal efforts on "The
World We Move In," making a great hit
until F. G. Richardson let drive on "Cin
ders." which filled the eyes of all. E. O.
McCormlck was the wit at this stage of
the game. His subject was congenial—
"Advertising Dodgers by a Dodger."
About this time it was getting late and
Collis P. showed signs of a visitation by
"death's beautiful brother." so Dr. Gard
k ner hurried his "Hospital Relief" treat-
Ve. A. D. Shepard spoke fast and furious
ly on "Asiatic Relations"; A. B. Ryan
worked oft a lot of "Reminiscences," and
G. W. Fletcher told of "The Man on the
Street."
Much Complimentary Speech-Making
Indulged In by th* Guests,'
Who Bow Low to Their
H1TINGT0N AND
HIS ANNUAL TO
THE EMPLOYES
Big Dinner at the California
Street Mansion a Com
plete'Success.
THE SAN FEANGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY IT, 1900.
Embezzled Her Money.
Ix«ona E Bradford," a woman who has a
shooting, gallery, at 1170 O'Farrell street,
swore to a complaint in Judge Cabaniss*
court yesterday charging 'William Brown,
alias William. Bork, with misdemeanor
embezzlement. . He had been' calling upon
her. pretending' that he wanted to pur
chasethe sallerj-, and Monday she gave
Three Bankrupts.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yester
day : In the United States District Court
as follows: -: Frank J. Peabody, photog
rapher, St. Helena, Napa County, liabili
ties $449 51. assets $$0; Dr.. Charles A. Mc-
Questen. physician, San Francisco, liabil
ities $2550 59. no assets;. August Bers.
horse dealer. ¦ San Kranclsco, liabilities
$8135, no assets.
There Is not an ounce of headache In a bar
rel of It — Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
<a ir a ? B « 0I i y bus!ncss transacted at the session of the Companions of the Forest.
A O. F yesterday, was the election and installation of the following named
|1 officers for the present term: Mrs. M. E. Falconer of San Francisco, su
t ,. p J[ eme srand chief companion; Airs. L ; Miller of Oakland, sub-chief; Mrs.
Julia Bennett of Alameda. treasurer; Mrs. Florence N. Morrow of San -Francisco,
secretary;. Mrs. M. E. Selbert of Stockton, right guide; Mrs. Kate M. Howard of
San Francisco, left guide; Mrs. L. L. Gale of San Francisco. Inside guard; Mrs.
Mary A. Large of San Francisco, outside guard; Mrs.J.I. J: Valentl of San Fran
cisco, herald: Miss Dalsle Falconer of San Krancisco,' organist- M Boehm Mrs
Minnie Asher and Mrs. P. A- Follett. auditors; Mrs. A: Boehm Mrs A ' M Phil
lips. Mrs. T Pembertj'. Mrs. F.E. Jonas. Mrs. J. Patterson. J. J.'. Roberts and
G. W. Corwin. final arbitrators; Mrs. M. Koch. Mrs. J. Olliver and Miss A. Meyer,
trustees. The installing officers were Past Supremo ttrahd ¦ Chief Companion' M.-
Boehm. assisted by Mrs. Asher and Mrs. Phillips, past supreme grand chief com
panions.
The board of deputies presented the new, chief with a basket of beautiful
flowers. - • ¦ • .
After tendering a vote of. thanks. to The Call for reports of the proceedings
of the meetlnc an adjournment was taken. .
12
California's Favorite and the Man He Meets for the Championship
Mrs. Henrietta L. B. Sutro appeared In
Judge Belcher's court yesterday to press
her suit against her husband, Edg-ar E.
Eutro. for maintenance. Mrs. Sutro was
the only witness of the day. She testi
fied that on March 1. 1SS6. her husband
told her that he desired to be absolutely
free, with no tie* or responsibilities.
••He then left m<»." paid Mrs. Sutro,
"but a f<-w days later returned and asked
me to a^ree to a peparatlon. I refused.
I once offered to take him back to live
with me if he would devote his Income to
his family, but he declined to do this."
Edward Grant, a teamster. 66 years old,
cair.e from Lns Angeles a fav- days ago to
take care of his brother John's residence
at 3 C 1S Turk' street during the absence of
the latter. He was found dead in bed
jrestertfiy rnoi-nir.s;. The odor of illumin
atir.gr gas escaping from the fixture in his
rooni told the cause.
Grant had neglected to shut off the
patent electric gas* lighting: apparatus, not
beiiiK familiar with the method of using
it. p.r.d paid for his isnerance with hia
life. The Coroner v.-ill hold an inquest.
The unfortunate man was a bachelor
and B native <~,f Ireland.
Mrs. M. E. Falconer, Supreme Grand Chief Companion,
I PAINLESS
DENTISTRY !
I , Evenings until 9. Sundays all *
I ' Fuli Set of Teeth, pain- *
E less extractions free..*4.OO up 1
H " Gold Crowns. 22-k $3 -"JO up
U ' Flllinps — .">o up "
m ' • Teeth Without Plates Our ' '
M ' Specialty. We give gas. "
I "VAN VROOM,"
B . 10 Ot MARKET,
I SIXTH and MARKET.
Jardiniers.
20% off.
Come Just to See.
Great American tartini Tea Co.
MONEV-sAVING STORES.
210-212 Grant Ave. (Bet. Sutter and, Post).
S61 Market St. (Opp. Powell).
14ft Sixth St. I21S Third St.
355 Hayes St. Ill Montgomery Ave.
1419 Polk St. 705 Larkln St.
2316 Mission St. 1S19 Devisadero St.
3006 Sixteenth St. 473 Halcht St
1<6 Ninth St 32S.-, Mission St.
200S Fillmore St. • 2T32 21th St.
S2 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES.
1053 Washinston St. 616 E. 12th St.
1237 Broadway. HS5 23d Ave.
lalO Seventh St. 1355 Park St.. Alameda.
VERY LATEST
P^-Jyi Straight Front.
j Hand-Made.
1 \ • SAPPHIRE
llHi CORSETS
f® S3.00D $15,00
/^¥^10 Gearu St./
/ ' / \ |/ CORNER KEARNT.
'iP^V V y CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
/V&3- 7i M Royal Worcester Cor-
•et-FUtlnc I'artora.
Hale's.
Hale's.
wUlVI Iliv.
•;•/ y^ I \ >^i/-.«agv we are closing out many »\v
•7v >r *} c***\ y )/ lines of jackets and waists which 1;^
S J \^ \j If we do not want to carry into v*
:?: / -^^1 »• | our new building, some of jfr!
*£ V \ ° / these arc **" s season ' s 8* r - |p-i
>:, \ \ \ v .' ./ / ments, with the new style xtT-i
£ ; \ \ \ * y/ sleeves, same as the cut. JT;V;
?} v : \T#t*^ * t>J/ these so^ *°r $3-95 eac k ar*
-*v \cjm ii> ill others are winter garments, f. r *
S5 Ji^PO i & " formerly selling at $7-5° to ff £
-••: : ; /%4g|lp5^<L _ - 3 $10.00 each, these will need some alter- Hiri
'¦'¦. ¦ ations to make them this season's '?*;¦•
:/¦'• |PiM%|lfflllill|y sleeves. . if you make the alterations $
Wi yourself you will save from $2.50 to ] v .|7
•j ¦**/ "/^j^j^^j v5-oo on a garment, for our prices have \ S?
>- 1 bee . n trim ™ed down to $2.65 each for the : >-
•i ; ' t2, 65vv^^l entire lot. j V;
{':• ' \ - 8 i! ladies> heavy and medium weight : £
'£•:¦ * jackets, double breasted and fly front ef- : •—
;-;•: fe . cts - beaver, kersey, cheviot and boude j£
v: : - cloths ' so , m e lined throughout with silk: XL
r: "?&?, others partly lined, jackets that ! f <i
£ : \ ,, . . ¦ ong nally sold from $3.95 to $10.00
<| pulley belts ea^- "°^ $2.65 each; s
fe ,v £ . . , . .^ taffeta and satin waists,:;:]
i£ t the neatest fitting belts and at- nicely tucked down front and •/
r^ tachments we have ever sold; back, body lined, high collar H
;jv. come in ribbon or leather, this flaring sleeve; in red, navy Iisht -3
% | week we will sell the three-strap b!ue. heliotrope, gray; waists that %
¦$ black satin pulley belt wi'h originally sold at $6"oo and $7 50 '£>
:;;;j) bow, regular price 75c, at 48c each now $ 3 8 - ea^ ; .^A
;yv . K ih or silver or black enamel , * 3 .serviceable separate < S
7S> pulley belt rings, 2 pair for 5c dress , sklrts - m fir ie cheviot cloths, J ""'
I .satin finish rings, oxidized in t ff % « ni »K: 'j
I ! gold or silver 25 c pair |^ s l^°] d to this : for ] |
va > sterling silver rings 65c pair 12 ladies' separate dress'skirts 85
§ niilnw p^qoc some wi^t '? v u^ e v p ! eat^ d backs ' £
£1 > pillUn tdoKo some with habit backs, in plaids 1p*
bleached pillow cases, size JgJ &i%%^nd^io^ T 'fn' P
¦v;3(. 45X36 inches, 2-inch hem, fair all > soM at v«-5O and $10.00 now Tt;c-
g : quality, now 9 c each ",\ and $/S ° fe
i fiannpiptfp veilings m
'& lld » lieiBU B .3200 yards of plain and dotted M
*& , fSoo yards . flannelette, nice tuxedo and fancy mesh veilings m f .
m bright colors, pinks and blues, colors tan, brown, navy and ifc
-& and stripes, flannelette or- black; center tables to-day and jp£
t.-- dinanly sold for 7}4c yard, now until sold, 12 and 14 inches wide. 1 %
i.;* I 5c yard good 10c value 4c yard I
£j j th& alx o'clock store. fl^
3-Day Specials !
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY.
COFFEE (Java and Mocha), Ib 30c
Roasted or erouni
Regularly 40c.
COCKTAILS, qt. bot 75c
¦Whiskey, Manhattan.
Martini and Gin; Velvet brand-
finest make.
Regularly |l OC.
TOILET SOAP (gfco 25b
Oatmeal. Glycerine and Honey
Regularly ZZc. '
MINCED SEA CLAMS, Mb tin 20c
Makes delicious
Soup and Chowder.
¦ Regularly 25c.
BRANDY, bot, 75c, 3bot$..$2.OO
Choice 10-year-old Gallon S3.OO
California Brandy; finest obtainable
Regularly $1 00 and |1 00.
TOOTHPICKS, box 20c
"World's Fair brand,
made from Orange Wood.
Regularly 25c.
SICILY LEMONS, doz 15c
The very choicest.
f Regularly 25c.
MUSTARD, tin 10c
Keen's English Mustard.
Regularly 15c.
cormaY orders given prompt attentioh
CATALOGUE FREE.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old cumber 21 Stockton it>
TELEPHONE MAIN 5523.
%QSH OR A LlTTLE:-flT-A'-7lMt\
K AU I»J Vil ¦! IJ1 ±.M VU Mil — ¦ y TIM
H THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL Tn tj» K
g HOW LOW OUR PRICES TaRE^ P
y Oak Cobbler S:at fl?o 00 B
fl Rocker «pZ.:.;. JH
i THE J. NOONAN §
u Furniture Company line.), B
W 1017-1023 MISSION. STREET 9
R ™. Above Sixth. * fj
k Phone Soutl » H- San FranclBCO. H
T*Ma.x*L .,-. ¦¦¦~.i>'i» Mm
PjJ 1 SI PO Tlle covered passafj?-
A M-ICIOC connecting these
: ' two Immense Btruc-
' ' — tures .places under
_ . _ l one management 1M0
Pnifl rooms. W0 of which
ttl *« have baths attached,
i — — __^___ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
¦ * •*%*-> v. *1 ot * ne world recognizo
VjFcinCl an( l appreciate the
* comforts and convenl-
" ences offered by tbeaa
tfrif-rxie American pl*n. Xo-
XXUICIO ropean plan.
Hi» I irbr^n^ii ii i school suits I
%. M^iL ! a^m^ aI1)r veJI made "» a11 w ° o1 ; \
m I VV\)t)7^ ! 857 " 83 9 Market, Opposite Powell. |j M