MILITARY BALLOON IN USE.
Scene at, the battle of Vaal Krantz, when the position and movements of the Boers were observed by aeronaut* and
telephoned to the British commander below.
JAPANESE SAY THAT
PLEDGES WERE BROKEN
Rumors of Friction With the TTnited
States Over the Hawaiian
Question.
Correspondence Associated Press.
YOKOHAMA. March 14.— The Emperor's
message of congratulation to Queen Vic
toria and her reply thereto have awak
ened, lively satisfaction In all quarters of
the empire and have emphasized the sym
pathy almost universally felt for the
British in the South African struggle.
.The death of Professor Toyama, an ex-
Minister of Education, removes one of
the best-known scholars of the realm and
will attract attention In the West, espe
cially in the United States, where his abil
ities were known. ,
It is reported that the Emperor will
shortly raise to the peerage Dr. Kentaro
Kaneko, the first of the Japanese to be
granted the honorary degree of LL. D. by
Harvard College. -
Judging from the strictures of -the na
tive-press there is fear of some friction
between Japan and the United States over
the Hawaiian question. There are now
some 60,000 Japanese in the islands. It Is
claimed that the United States is Ignoring
pledges given to the Japanese Government
at the time of annexation.
The visit of Professor Agasslz and his
scientific colleagues on the United States
Fish Commission steamer Albatross has
been the occasion of many social festivi
ties, conspicuous among them being a re
ception tendered by the Imperial Univer
sity and the Japan Harvard Club.
The death of Consul General Gowoy.
which occurred yesterday, has awakened
universal regret not only In the American
community but among the representatives
of all nations.
Swift Advance Urged.
LONDON, April 2.— Spencer "Wilkinson,
in the Morning Post, says: "The attack
on Thaba Nchu and the convoy is a sam
ple of the mode in which the Boers will
to* to conduct the war. It is a legitimate
mode and the most effective for Boer pur
poses. So lons as the Boer army keeps
the field such attacks will embarrass the
British and perhaps the best way to *cet
rid of the difficulty would be a swift ad
vance and decisive blows against the main
Boer army."
PLAGUE HAS RUN ITS
COURSE IN HONOLULU
Herman Levy, Who Was Beported
HI With the Disease, Has
Recovered.
HONOLULU, March 24.— The Board of
Health has practically decided that tho
plague has run its course. No cases hava
developed for over a week. The member*
of the board now feel that quarantine re
strictions may be made less stringent.
Commencing with the 2Sth ail restrlctiona
regarding the shipment of merchandise
from Honolulu except merchandise from
Asiatic ports will be rescinded. Every
thing except Oriental goods is considered
cafe. It is not intended, however, that
there shall be any let-up of proper disin
fection of shipments or the supervision of
the matter by the Health Board.
Herman Levy, tht hotel clerk, who was
taken ill some weeks ago. has recovered
and will soon be about again. His caso
has not been officially declared one of
plague. As a matter of fact, some- of th»
Board of Health physicians now admit
that the young man never had plague,
but, on the contrary, was 111 with typhoid
pneumonia.
ITALY ON THE VERGE
OF A REVOLUTION
King Humbert, Alarmed at the
Situation, Is Said to Be
in Hiding.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April I.— The Journal has
the following from Rome: It can no
longer be doubted that a dangerous condi
tion of unrest obtains throughout Italy.
This has existed for some time, but has
been brought to a head by the Govern
ment's attempt to pass a coercive meas
ure known as the "Public Safety bill."
This, under plea of suppressing riots, etc..
takes away the rights of free speech and
of public meetings. For six weeks the
Government has attempted to pass this
bill, despite the fierce opposition of the
Socialists and Republicans, which has now
developed into a dangerous revolutionary
movement.
The Italian Government strove to pass
this bill by empowering the President to
suppress opposition speakers, but sitting
was suspended daily owing to uproar and
fights, which Socialists and Republicans
started about a week ago. During the
discussion of the bill Slgnor Pantago
electrified the Chamber .by an impas
sioned appeal to the constituent assem
bly, which he demanded should be elected
by plebiscite, and he spoke also for reform
of the Italian constitution.
The King is so alarmed that he has not
been seen for several days. It is known
that Queen Margherita has implored him
to fly to Civlta Vecchia, and it Is believed
he has pone there to calm Margherita.
The people here are not allowed to mus
ter in crowds and everybody Is wonder
ing what will happen next.
Changing Free State Names.
CAPE TOWN, April I.— Army orders
were issueds ued to-day declaring the abolition
of the title "Free State. Railways," and
superseding this by the title "Interna
tional Military Railyays."
WELLINGTON, N. Z., April I.— Tho exploring steamer Southern Cross, bearing 1 C. E. BoTchgTevink as 4 _t_t»
survivors of the ' South Polar expedition fitted out in IS9S by Sir George Newnes of London, arrived to-day atCaxnp
belltown, near Bluff Harbor. N. Z. Mr. Borchgrevlnk reports that the magnetic pole has been located. N. H_aa
sen, one of the zoologists who started with the expedition, died on the voyage.-
The expedition left Hobart, Tasmania for the antarctic region on December 19, 1898. During the latter part
of February, 1599. the members landed from the Southern Cross near Cape Adair. Victorialand, it having been ar
ranged that the steamer should leave them there with full equipment of every kind and should return for them early la
TOO Mr Borchgrevink-s party consisted of nine. Including himself. Lieutenant W. Colbeck, R. N. 8.. was selected aa first
magnetic observer, to be assisted by Louis Bemacchi; X. Hansen and Hugh Evans were chosen aa zoologists
and Dr. H. Kloevstad as medical officer. Mr. Fougnal was general utility man and cook. -With these went two natives ot
Finland to look after ninety dogs. Enormous supplies of provisions were laid in.
NEW YORK April I.— What little has as yet been told of Herr Carsten Egeberg Borchgrevlnks discoveries la. the
South Polar Sea has been eagerly read, because, despite the general advance of discovery and exploration, the Antarctic
continent and Antarctic Ocean are still almost as unknown as they were centuries ago.
Borchgrevlnks' nrst voyage was made in ISD4. when he shipped as a common sailor on the Antarctic. On his return
he contributed a paper on "southern exploration that established his reputation as an explorer. On his former voyage he
was the nrst white man who had set foot upon the Antarctic continent since Captain Ross discovered it in IS4L
The recent expedition of Herr Borchgrevinks was organized in Norway and London, with the liberal assistance or
Sir George Newnes, and sailed from England in August, IS3S. One of the. objects of the expedition was to search for Ger
lache the Belgian explorer, who had gone on a trip to the southern contlnest a year before and of whom nothing had been
heard Another object was the. discovery of the southern magnetic pole, which he believed to be situated in latitude 75
degrees 5 minutes south and longitude 150 degrees east. He expected If he found himself able to land on the coast to
strike rapidly for the interior to locate this pole. • "„,..,
Still a third object was the settlement of the controversy as to whether there was human lite on the continent.
•RnrrhExevinks believed there was. Ross discovered that seals killed on the coast of Antarctica had deep scars in their
fleVh arid supposed them to have been made by sea leopards. Borchgrevinks made a closer study of these scars and reach
ed' the conclusion that they were not made by teeth, but by weapons. They were never about the head, as they w^ild
have been had they been received in a fight, but were on the back and sides. From this he argued that there mus^ be
neople on the continent akin to. the Eskimos of the northern Islands. . ' ?._,„,_
His expedition left Hobart, Tasmania, on December 10, IS9S. During the latter part of February members landed from
the Southern Cross near Cape Adare, Victoria Land, on the Antarctic continent. There the party was left and the ship
was to return for them this year.
MUCH SICKNESS AMONG
THE BOER PRISONERS
CAPE TOWN. March 31.— The departure
of the British transports with the Boer
prisoners for St. Helena has been delayed
in consequence of the sickness among the
prisoners. Three died to-day and twelve
have died during the week.
Arrangements are being made to prevent
overcrowding. The prisoners do not com
plain of their treatment or their food.
Many of General Cronje"s men when cap
tured were completely worn out by the
hardships they had undergone, and little
strength was left them to fight disease.
However, the confinement on shipboard
is equally Irksome to men who have been
accustomed to outdoor life.
PORTUGUESE PORT IS
OPENED TO BRITISH
LONDON. April 2.— The Lisbon corre
spondent of the Daily Mall says: "The
Portuguese Government has wired orders
to Beira that British troops and ammu
nition be allowed to pass through freely
to Rhodesia.
"The Minister of Foreign Affairs. Vega
Belrao. has announced In the Chamber
of Deputies that the Government Is in
possession of railway bonds with which
to pay the award of the Delagoa Bay
Railway arbitration tribunal."
SAFETY OF OLIVIER'S
FORCE NOW ASSURED
I.OXDON*, April 2.— The Times has the
following from Mafeting. Basutoland,
dated Friday. March 30: General Olivier
has just passed Jammersberg Drift with
2000 men. four guns and SOO wagons. The
column, which extended thirty miles, was
accompanied by many women and chil
dren.
Steyn Arouses the Burghers.
MASERU. Basutoland, March 31.—Presi
dent Steyn is reported to have gone to
Ladybrand to stir up the burghers there to
renewed resistance. The Boers have re
moved from the immediate vicinity of
Plattberg ar.d taken up a commanding
position adjacent. The Dutch who sur
rendered their arms at Ladybrand are
now suffering seizures of their livestock.
Joubert Named His Successor.
PRETORIA, Friday. March 30.—Presi
dent Kruger said in public to-day the last
expressed desire of the late Commandant-
General Joubert was that he should be
succeeded as commandant-general by
Louis Botha.
Sir George Newnes Scientific Expedition Re
turns From Its Cruise in Antarctic
Waters,
EXPLORERS HAVE LOCATED
SOUTHERN MAGNETIC POLE
CLIMAX REACHED
IN THE MARCEAU
FAMILY TROUBLE
Mrs. Marceau Left Los Angeles
With Baby and the Colonel
Had Her Arrested.
By a Clever Ruse She Palmed Off Allen Fiske as
Theodore Marceau Jr., but Her ,\Vit '&£&
Ultimately Failed. '
LOS ANGELES, April I.— A climax
was reached to-day in the "Mar
ceau conflict for the possession of
Baby Theo Jr. Mrs. Amanda Mar
ceau-Fennell, mother of the child,
attempted to quietly leave this city with
the youngster, her son, Allen Fiske. and
her faithful maid, but they had proceeded
but a short distance on their northern
journey when the colonel discovered that
he had been outgeneraled and headed off
the fleeing quartet by means of a tele
graphed warrant for their arrest. Allen
Fiske was taken from the train at
Lancaster, a small station In this
county, but the rest of the party were
rot stopped until they arrived at Bakers
#¦-__! _a
When Colonel Marceau repeatedly de
manded during yesterday and this morn-
Ing that Baby Marceau be brought to his
gallery, and requested that he be left
with him to pass the night. Mrs. Mar
ceau told her friends that she feared she
would never again see her boy and deter
mined to go to her home in San Fran
cisco while she had him In her pos
session.
Her departure was planned quietly and
executed with the greatest secrecy. At a
little past noon she and her family walked
through the hotel where she had apart
ments, entered a carriage and drove to
the depot.
About forty minutes before she left the
hotel Mrs. Marceau. in response to a tele
phone request from the colonel. Informed
him that the boy was well and that she
would let him know later when he would
be taken to the gallery.
When the colonel discovered that Sirs.
Marceau had left the city he sought Sher
iff W. H. Hammel. who, through Mar
ceau's attorney, Clarence A. Miller, di
rected Constable Harry J. Butler by wire
at Lancaster to board the train and de
mand the child. This was done. With a
woman's wit Mrs. Marceau asked whether
giving up the child would require her
presence in Los Angeles. Being Informed
In the negative, she said:
"Well, If that Is the case, here Is the
boy." And the Constable, as the train
steamed north, marched away with Al
len Fiske. The boy still remains with the
Lancaster officer. When this- clever ruse
was made known In Los Angeles further
proceedings were taken. Through coun
sel a complaint was drawn, charging Mrs.
Marceau with felony and theft in the
taking away of Theo C. Marceau Jr. This
complaint was wired at 8 o'clock to-night
to Sheriff Borgwardt at Bakersfleld. and
upon the arrival of the northbound train
Mrs. Marceau was arrested and held.
Sheriff Hammel has been Informed that
Mrs. Marceau and her boy will \be re
turned to Los Angeles to-morrow morn-
Ing on the Owl train.
m
MRS. FENNELL DOES NOT
KNOW WHAT TO THINK
Can Give No Satisfactory Explana-
tion for Marceau's Action in
Having Her Arrested.
Special Di«patch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD. April I.— When the
north-bound Southern Pacific overland
reached this city at 9 o'clock this evening
Sheriff Borgwardt and deputies met it to
arrest Mrs. Amanda J. Fennell, otherwise
Mrs. Colonel Marceau. on a warrant Is
sued out of Justice W. P. James' court. In
Los Angeles, charging her with child
stealing. Mrs. Fennell objected strongly
to leaving her compartment in the Pull
man, and a number of gentlemen In the
car offered to assist her, until Sheriff
Borgwardt called upon them to assist
him, showing them the warrant he held
signed by Sheriff Hammel of Los Angeles
County.
Mrs. Fennell would not leave the car
until her baggage was seized and her
companion, Martha Frenzell, also cus
todian of the child In contention,' was
lifted out with little Theodore Marceau.
Then she consented to go and was as-
i . ¦
t stated to a carriage and driven to the
Southern Hotel. She accepted the situa
tion gracefully and Sheriff Borgwardt al
lowed her to accompany The Call corre-
Fpondent to a telephone office, where ?he
communicated with friends In San Fran-
I cisco relative to her situation.
Concerning the probable reason for Colo
nel iMarceau's action in causing her arrest,
-Vrs. Fennell said: "I am entirely at a
loss to know why he should act this way."'
And then, with a flash of anger, "Possibly
he Is drunk."
Continuing, she said: "I dined with the
colonel only Saturday evening. I was with
him from S o'clock until 12, and when I
left him he was in a complaisant mood
and agreed fully that baby Theodore
should go with me and Martha. When [
got ready to leave Los Angeles Sunday
noon I telephoned the colonel, bidding him
good-by, shortly before train time, and he
interposed no objection then.
"My surprise was very great when an
officer boarded our train at a town called
Lancaster and arrested my boy, Allen
Fiske, and took him from the train. He
is only 12 years old. and I should have fol
lowed him only that I was so stunned by
the occurrence that the train was in mo
tion before I realized what was happen
ing. I telegraphed at other 6tatlons; It
would do me no good to get off the train
then, but it was not until I reached
Bakersfleld that I learned that he would
be sent after me — In fact, that he was the
wrong boy. I am glad the country Con
stable at Lancaster was so stupid, as he
left me little Theodore, who was the one
they wanted.
"I consider the treatment I have been
subjected to as simply outrageous. Sher
iff Borgwardt has shown me every con
sideration, but I am utterly unable to see
how It Is possible to apprehend me, my
child and the guardian the courts have
appointed for my child. They tear my son
away from me at one station and take me
from It by force at another, and now they
are to take me back to Los Angeles, just
to please that miserable old man, who
doesn't in the least know what he is do
ing."
the Boers. General French has returned
to town.
WEBSTER DAVIS WILL
LECTURE ON THE WAR
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. April I.— A Journal
special from Washington says: Hon.
Webster Davis of Kansas City will to
morrow tender his resignation to the
President as Asslsuan. Secretary of the
Interior. Mr. Davis decided to take this
course as the result of his visit to South
Africa. He has decided to deliver a pub
lic address touching the entire scope of
the present war and believes that he can
best do so while free from any restraint
which his present position would impose
upon him.
When taking his departure for home
from Pretoria 2000 persons gathered to
take leave of him at the station. They
appealed to him in tears to state their
cause to the American people and Mr.
Davis says his conscience would haunt
him If he proved recreant to that pitlfu'
apr><*al.
He believe* the American people are
not truly informed on the situation. He
will, therefore, avail himself of an early
opportunity to relate his experiences and
observations at a public meeting that
shall be free to all. Mr. Davis has decided
on this course after mature deliberation
end free consultation with his friends.
ROBERTS' CONDOLENCES
TO JOUBERT'S FAMILY
BLOEMFONTEIN. March 30. — Lord
Roberts has sent the following dispatch
to President Kruger:
"Have just heard of the death of Gen
eral Joubert and de?ire to offer my sincere
condolences upon the sad event. Would
ask you to convey to General Joubert's
family an expression of my most respect
ful sympathy at their sad bereavement,
and to assure them also for me that all
ranks of her Majesty's forces share my
feelings of derp regret at the sudden and
untimely end of so distlr.guisnea a general,
who devoted his life to the service of his
country and whose personal gallantry was
only surpassed by his humane conduct
and chivalrous bearing under all circum
stances."
Colonel Broad wood's Mounted Infantry and
Batteries Are Forced to Retreat From Thaba
N'ehu and March Into a Trap Within Sight
of the Headquarters of Lord Roberts.
BURGHERS AMBUSH A BRITISH
CONVOY AND CAPTURE SIX GUNS
VOLUME LXXXVH-NO. 133.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
QUSHMAN KOP, Saturday, March 31.— The British force commanded by Colonel
i"jl Broadwood, consisting of the Tenth Hussars, Household Cavalry, two horse batteries
and a force of mounted infantry, under Colonel Pilcher, which had been garrisoning
Thaba N'chu, was obliged, in consequence of the near approach of a large force of Boers,
to leave last night.
Colonel Broadwood marched to the Bloemfontein water works, south of the Modder,
where he encamped at 4 o'clock this morning. At early dawn the camp was shelled by the
enemy from a near point. Colonel Broadwood sent off a convoy with the batteries, while
the rest of the force remained to act as a rear guard. The convoy arrived at a deep spruit,
where the Boers were concealed, and the entire body walked into ambush and was cap
tured, together with six guns.
The loss of life was not great, since most of the British had walked into the trap be
fore a shot was fired.
General Colville's division, which left Bloemfontein early this morning, arrived here
at noon, and he is now shelling the Boers.
LONDON, April *.— The extraordinary
run of success which had hitherto
attended Lord Roberts' operations
v.as broken on Saturday, when part
cf the British force operating east
r'. Bioetnfonteln walked blindly into a
3> ¦ r ambush ar.d was captured, with six
puns. Colonel Broadwood, in cnmmaad of
ihe Teafh Hussar?, the Household Cay-
:.;rv, ;wo horse batteries and mounted In
rantry. under Colonel Pitcher, was In gar
rison "on Friday at Thaba N'chu. which is
about halfway between the Free State
capi'Jil and the border of Basutoland. The
British enmmanrter was threatened by the
; - approach of a large Boer force, and,
:_r.f_ir.R his position untenable, marched
hat r.isht to the Bloemfonteln water
¦v. -< rk<=, lying south of the Modder River,
¦v hi re be encaxopedJ This position appears
to be on the road to Bloemfontein and
itbout fifteen miles from that town.
Early on Saturday morning the British
camp waj shelled from the rear. Colonel
Bltwdwobd thereupon sent off a convoy
•with batteries, while the rest of his force
remained b*-h.»^ to act as a. rear guard.
The road here crosses a deep spruit, in
¦which Si'jers had concealed themselves.
2ta v bole British detachment walked
i.in an!tu?h and were captured, wlMi six
of tho puns they had with them. Accord
ing to one account, the British loss was
not great, as most of the convoy were in
• i< before a shot was fired. Lord
•r:s seems to have ¦ heard of Broad
] .-plight very quickly and sent Gen
<: Colville's division at once to his res
. Latest reports say that Colville ar
i . on the scene Saturday noon and be
gan shefflns the Boer?.
I. rd Ro!>erts' own report of the affair,
i: : -¦•¦ received by the War Office, has not
published, and no account is avail
:.! : to the public except the dispatch
ifhman Kop. Nothing can be said.
therefore, regarding the exact extent of
the British mlffortune.
j;. lently Colonel Broadwood thought it
be© sary to retreat In haste from Thaba
_N"'chi_. as he marched all through Friday
right, apparently followed by a eonsider
:.b!e force of the enemy. The hope is ex
pressed here that General Colville will re
cover the convoy and guns, but this is
I Lrdly likely in such a difficult country.
¦:.-. it is probable the next news will b«
hat after a stiff fight General Colville
I rxtricatoil Colonel Broadwood from
Is difficult position, but failed to retrieve
Borne criticisms are heard regarding the
r< :.cwal of the o»u mistake of underrating
::.c- Boers and t.i" absence of proper pre
caution. No doubt the affair will revive
j." r -r hopes and inspire confidence among
the rr.erny at a critical moment
Great things are expected by the Boers
dI th« new comLander in chief. General
Botha, who has made his reputation
wholly during the present campaign. For
<--:. i fMeers serving with the Boers have
i:\yrf~-ed surprise at his clever tactics.
The proof of continuing Boer activity In
the Free State will compel greater circum
spection on the part of the British and
v.:'.l probably del»v the march of Lord
Robert! northward-
Detailed accounts of the fight at Karee
f=ld!n;r estimate the Boer forces variously
from 3000 to 50W.
} Brabant's Horse occupied Wepener last
Thursday unopposed.
. Lord 3-fetlxoen has issued the following
BOtlflcation at Kimberley: "I have re
ceived Instructions that If any disturbance
occurs west of the Vaal River, my for«:e
!s to return and punish the rebels imme-
BOERS FOUGHT WELL
AT KAREE SIDING
IHpecUl. Cafc> to the Xcw Tcrk Herald. Copy
r.Kfct. r.</K by New TorK Ilorald Com
t i • - Uepublication, of this dispatch It
• • r.rohifclted. All right* restrveti In the
¦!>.;•'¦! '.-"tates and Great Britain.]
LONDON. April 2— The special corre
rpondrr.t of the Dally Telegraph sends
this, dispatch:
BLOEMFONTEIN, Thursday, March 23.
A brisk y< t^rotracted action was fought
to-day around Karee Siding, resulting In
the defeat "of the Boers with loss. The
enemy fell back toward Brandfort.
I-udyard Kipling drove out with me in my
cart under bullet and shell fire. Our re
turn Journey Involved a drive of nearly
l.fty miles.
Arrangements had been made before
hand for clearing the Boers from the
rough kopjes ".orth of Glen. General
French-, with Gordon's cavalry brigade
and; Tucker's infantry division, made a
turning movement westward, and to-day
these troops proceeded to attack the
enemy. L_ GaUcJs* brigade of mounted
Infantry, wrlth tJire*- pompoms, advanced
to the 'eastwc.ra. Trie confjet begun soon
after U> j'ci ;. Difficult ground delayed
the moveiruis of our left. The Boers
tried to outrank and cut off Le Gallais,
but failed to do so, although they got
•within SOO yards. Gradually the Boers
•were forced from their kopjes, and then
from the long ridges which they held.
The firing, occasionally heavy, continued
until sundown. Although the enemy had
entrenched their position, our losses were
comparatively slight. "We now occupy
w^th infantry the ridges formerly held by
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1900.
The San Francisco Callprove sufficient,yet more can truly be said:
It has stood the severest tests of any med-
icine ever made by mortal man. It has been
more largely sold, more widely used, and
has accomplished .more wonderful cures
of scrofula, catarrh, etc., than any other.
Therefore it is the plain truth— Hoods
Sarsaparilla is the Best that money can
Bay. Try it this Spring— get it TODAY.
The best of good goods —
the purest food the world
produces — groceries of de-
pendability — merit every-
where in everything
Oysters i2^c
Jj, Baltimore — Eastern — tin
25 fat ones in a tin— big
enough to fry— delicious
— 3 day's safe
Sugar Corn I2^c
"Millionare Club" as can
rich as the name — you
can buy corn for B^c a
!.*- T can— but we won't sell S*
that kind — this is safe
— 3 day's sale
E gg* 15c
Fre<h from the farm — do*
~ 3 day's sale— a new lot
every morning
Butter -50c
Sweet and fresh — square
choice dairy— 3 day's sale
Soap 6c
"Q«en Lily" — you "ke
know the brand — for
laundry — 7;ic regular
— 3 day's sale
Baking Powder 39c
Shilling's — its good— tin
people demanded it at 45c
— i-lbtins— 3 day's sale
Jam and Jelly 1 5c
<* Made for us— nothing jar
but fruit — pure as pure
food can be
CASH STORE
3WJ HUM St. If.
MURDER DONE
BY A KANSAS
CITY MANIAC
»
Dr. B. F. Shaw Slain by
John W. McKimm, His
Brother-in-Law.
Assassin Attempts to Kill an En
tire Family in Order to
Avenge Imaginary
Wrongs.
KANSAS CITY, April I.— Harboring
imaginary wrongs John W. McKlmm,
aged 29 years, this afternoon shot and
killed Dr. B. F. Shaw, his brother-in
law, as the latter sat reading the Sun
day-school lesson to his live-year-old
daughter. Dr. Shaw died instantly. Mc-
Kimm, who had been an inmate of a sani
tarium and is believed to be insane,
threatened to kill the other five mem
bers of the family and was restrained
only after a struggle.
Dr. Shaw was a widower. His mother
in-law, Mrs. McKlmm, had cared for his
child since his wtfe died, and, as was his
custom, he spent Sunday at the McKlmm
house at 1617 Forest avenue. The family
had eaten dinner. Shaw seated himself in
a chair in the parlor and with his child be
fore him on the floor was readng the Sun
day-school lesson to her. McKlmm, as
it "developed later, had gone directly to
his room from the table and written a
rambling statement, in which he stated
that he had not been treated rightly, and
tha the Intended wiping out the entire
family, consisting of Dr. Shaw and his
child, his mother, two brothers and a sis
ter. Then descending to the parlor he
slipped up behind Shaw and placing the
revolver against the latter's temple flred.
Dr. Shaw never moved and died before
the family could reach his side. As the
other members of the family came run
ning to the scene McKimm raised his re
volver to fire at the first that should en
ter the room, but before he could tire he
was overpowered by his two brothers and
taken .to the station. He has been con
sidered of unsound mind for several years
and was discharged from a local sanitar
ium two years ago as cured. Recently,
however, he had acted queerly.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
of that rabid journal. United Irishman,
but as at the same time he denounces such
good Irishmen as Messrs. Redmond, Healy
and O'Connor as traitors his words fall
flat. He denounces the Queen for all
wrongs to Ireland, forgetting that the
constitution debars her from any interfer
ence in international affairs, either in
England or his country.
The Sunday v-hronlcle, on the contrary,
says that It is a happy augury that on
all hands political differences have been
sunk in an enthusiastic desire to offer the
Queen "Cead Mille Failthe."
What impressed one to-day, when peo
ple were out in thousands, as a sure sign
that her Majesty's passage will arouse
enormous enthusiasm was the unmistak-
BRINGS INSANE SOLDIERS.
United States Transport Sherman
Sails From Manila-
MANILA. April 1.-The United States
transport Sherman sailed to-day with a
battalion of the Fourteenth Infantry.
Captain? Richard T. Yratman. A. I. Laa
selpne and William S. Piddle, I-leutenanta
Roberts. Field and Oliver. 175 military
prisoners and twenty-five insane.
New Cases of Plague.
SYDNEY, X. S. W.. April 1.-Eleve.n
fresh cases of bubonic plaerue were offi
cially reported to-day. Two additional
deaths have occurred.
many prominent and leading men from all ra
tions of the island, men who represent differ
ent ideas and interests, from intense conservat
ism to decided radicalism. It may be said of
all classes in Cuba that they are looking ti>
the establishment of an independent sjovern
ment—a Cuban republic All are looking for
ward to the municipal elections that are to
take place in the latter part of May. resrard
inj? such election* as th» first step toward the
establishment ol the new government. If they
take place without disorder and pood officials
are elected that will go far to prove th-»
capacity of the people for s<»U-Kovemment and
steps can be taken without great delay for
further progress in that direction. Th*» prob
lem Is complicated by the feel that self-gov
ernment la an untried experiment, by a people
wlio have had little opjiortunlty to study its
principles or its details, its necessities or its re
sponsibilites.
There are great possibilities in the inland It
is fertile, has Krp.it natural resource* and Is
capable of supporting a population fnur or five
times as lar?e a' it numbers at present. Or*
the whole th»-re ha* be"n marvelous recupera
tion since the cJei-laratlon of peace, hut it n»eda
American capital anj American enterprise,
which hesitpf as yet to ko there. English ancj
German capital neems more confMent and (¦»
bcin? tnvesfd. Surely our own peoplo ought
to have a« mu.~h confidence in the future of
Cuf^» as foreigners have. On the \vh>>le »¦*
were much ple^se.l and encourr>r«i- The peo
rle of the United States and Cuba shouM all**"*
exercise uatlfnce. beinv; assured that thereby
progress will be most certain.
able evidence in the streets that the Irish
women have taken uj< the loyal cry. With
scarcely any exceptions all were wearing
red, white and blue ribbons and patriotic
badges with little pictures in them of the
Queen, Lord Roberts. Lord Kitchener and
Colonel Baden-Powell. If women are thus
inclined men are sure to follow.
The Irish cardriver in Dublin is always
the man from, whom one may be sure of
drawing a reply clothed in candor.reflect
injr the ideas of the man in the street.
This afternoon I asker". one: "Will there
be any disturbance?"
He replied: "Faith, and what would
that serve?"
Again I asked: "Is the Queen's visit
popular?"
He replied: "Certainly; but If it was
made oftener it would be more popular."
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Tsk« Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. 'All
drufrclsts refund the money If It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is oa each box. 25cl
Purely v«c«*ble. mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption u.ai
heaJthfel reculaxlry.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Uver. Bowels. Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
resvl&riUes. Blclc Headache. Biliousness. Con>
ttlpation. Piles and all deraaeements of th»
Internal Viscera. SSc a box. At Drujtcixts, or
by icall. RAD WAX & CO.. New York
The Spring IVSedicine
The wisest men on earth devote them-
selves to keeping and saving lives of others.
Man's sublimest study is man.
The greatest wisdom of experienced men,
The most valuable vegetable remedies,
The best skill of modern times,
The most approved methods of the
present day — are all, ALL combined in
Hood's Sarsaparilla. These facts should
18W--TAXES--1899
Th* pf^vir.d Instillm^r.t r,t rfnl estate taxes
%-ill b« delinquent April 30, liwi, at t p. m..
• fter m-hlrh i per c^nt will I* added. The
I'ilx Collerior'* office will remain ojx-n until
t p. m. durmc the last week iv April t3 ac-
commodate the public.
TUEFDAT. April 21. positively last day for
receiving checks.
JO.S. H. SCOTT. Tax Collerto-
BLOW OPEN A SAFE.
Bold Robbers Operate Very Success-
fully at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS. Mo.. April I.— Three masked
men looted the Star Brewery of Belle
ville, 111., to-day, after first capturing and
confining the watchman and night fireman
nf the plant in an empty refrigerator car.
As the robbers were preparing to blow
open the big safe in the office Hubert
Hartman. secretary of the brewery, ac
companied by his brother Hans, entered
the room. They were promptly covered
with three revolvers and before either
of them realized the situation were
marched to the same car in which the
fireman anil watchman were confined.
After drilling the safe the robbers ap
plied charges of powder and the outer
and Inner doors were blown completely
open. It Is not known Just how much
they secured, but the amount is thought
to hot be over $100. besides some Jewelry
and valuable papers.
Blinded Her Rival.
LOS ANGELES, April I.— Miss Lulie
Mucker dashed carbolic acid into the face
of Pearl Harris while the latter was leav
ing church to-night with her escort. Her
victim was horribly burned and will prob
ably lose her eyesight. The act was
prompted by Jealousy. The trio, are col
ored. The Mucker woman has not yet
been apprehended. . - :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
FAVORABLE TO LONG
FOR VICE PRESIDENCY
Boston Republicans Enthusiastic and
Promise Their Support to the
Navy Secretary.
Special PlFDatch to The Call
BOSTON, April L— Senator Hanna's
mention of Secretary Long for the Vice
Presidency has aroused the greatest en
thusiasm among Republican politicians in
Boston. The Advertiser to-night can
vassed the preposition in the Metropolitan
district. Of the thirty prominent Republi
cans interviewed all expressed themselves
unreservedly in favor of the plan to place
Long's name in the second place on the
Republican ticket. Congressman McCall.
a prospective member of the Massachu
setts delegation to the Philadelphia con
vention, telegraphs to the Advertiser to
night: "1 think Secretary Long would be
an ideal candidate for Vice President, if
he would accept."
Walter Clifford of New Bedford, another
prospective member of the delegation, tele
graphs to the same paper: "Would sup
port Long cheerfully and gladly."
Mayor Hart 0/ Boston eaid: "His name
would take through the West like hot
cakes."
Mayor Champlin of Cambridge tele
graphed: "Great strength to the ticket."
Rain at Woodland.
Efwclal Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, April I.— There were some
light showers to-day and the indications
seem to be good for more. Generous April
showers are necessary In order to insure
even average crops.
¦ •
Frost in the South.
JACKSON, Miss.. April I.— Heavy frosts
have' done considerable damage to the
fruit and vegetable crop in Central and
Southern Mississippi, in some Instances
amounting to 25 per cent.
THE CLEVELAND
ADRIFT WITH A
BROKEN SHAFT
History of the Steamer Is
One Long Chapter of
Accidents.
Was Bound From Hawaii for This
Port With a Cargo of Sugar and
Her Location Is a Matter
of Conjecture.
?
HONOLULU, March 21.— The steamer
Cleveland, Captain Klltgard. is adrift
with a broken shaft several hundred
miles from Maul. She was bound
for San Francisco, with a full cargo of
sugar from Kahulul when she was ren
dered helpless by the breaking of the
shaft. One of her boats, with three men,
started for Maul to get assistance, and at
last reports was forty miles away from
Maul, south by east. Where the steamer
is is not easy to say, and it will be no
easy matter to find her.
The news of the Cleveland's plight was
brought here by the steamer Eric, which
arrived Wednesday off the harbor, stop
ping here on her way to Japan on account
of the illness of the captain's wife. Tues
day the Eric spoke a small boat forty
miles from Maul. There were three men
in It. They informed Captain Roos of the
Eric that they were from the Cleveland
and were going to Maul to get assistance
for the steamer, which had broken her
shaft and wns practically helpless In the
open sea.
The men in the boat stated that the
Cleveland when they left her was 320 miles
north-northwest of the Island of Maul.
The little boat had traveled 2SO miles of
the Journey to Maul, "a trip that must
have required several days, so that the
Cleveland must have moved a good deal
since she was last located. She has two
yards and can put up a little sail, but
not enough to control her movements. If
she lost her propeller, as she would If her
shaft broke near the end, she could be
more easily controlled with sails than
with the propeller dragging astern. * .
The Cleveland left Kahulul on the 12th,
It is thought. She had 19,100 bags of sugar
on board. She was about two days' dis
tant from port .when the small boat left
her, so that it wouhl seem that the acci
dent must have occured on thel4th, and
the little boat must have been six days
on the way when it was spokon by the
Eric. If this is the.case the Cleveland had
time to drift a long way before any as
sistance could go to. her, and her plight is
very serious. If she was directly In line
on the San Francisco route she might be
picked up by the Australia.
Captain Saunders of the pilot-house
thinks it likely. In view of the weather
that has prevailed, that the Cleveland Is
northwest of Maul Instead of northeast.
! The news of her difficulty was communi
cated to him by the captain of the Eric.
The Cleveland has something of a repu
tation as a hoodoo. She has been in a
number of scrapes and has been the sub
ject of much controversy, as to her fitness
for sea.
During the Civil War the Cleveland was
a blockade runner and was captured on
one of her trips to Charleston. She was
built in IS6I, and has Feen service of all
kinds all over the world. Her name, has
been changed many times. Lately she
was used as a transport for the Philip
pines, after a Jot of controversy as to
whether she was seaworthy.
Alexander & Baldwin began to look for
a steamer to send after the Cleveland as
soon as they received news of her plight.
The search for her may be a long Job, and
only the largest of the Island steamers
are fit for the work. The Kinau or Claud
ine are best fitted for the contract. The
Claudine has been: at Maul and may pos
sibly have gone on th» • search already,
though she very likely left for Honolulu
before the three men from the Cleveland
got to Maul.
The steamer with her cargo of sugar is
worth over 9100,000, so that there is big
salvage for any steamer that picks her
up. The Australia would probably refuse
to tow her. as taking a tow would be a
violation of the mail contract.
DUBLIN, April I.— "Bedad. and it's
mad you're all going I'll be think
ing," said an old six-foot Irish
man walking In College Green this
afternoon. Indeed, dirty old Dub
lin, as U has been lovingly called, was
to-day bristling with excitement and
bright with thousands upon thousands of
fluttering flags. Good Catholics as Dub
liners are, they carefully avoid working
on Sundays, but to-day was an excep
tional occasion, when all scruples were
waived in view of the urgency of get
ting ready the most extensive prepara
tions that Dublin has ever attempted.
CONDITIONS
IN CUBA ARE
SATISFACTORY
Statement Issued by the
Sub-Comrailtee of the
Senate.
Chairman Pl~.tt Tells of the Work
Accomplishsd During the Tour
of Investigation On
the Islands.
WASHINGTON. April I.— The sub-com
mittee of the Senate consisting of Sena
tors Platt of Connecticut. Aldrich and
Teller, which went to Cuba for the pur
pose of personally Investigating condi
tions on the island with a view to intelli
gent action by Congress with respect to
Cuba, has returned to Washington. Sen
ator riatt. chairman of the sub-commit
tee,- to-night authorized a statement con
cerning the sub-committee's observations:
We inquired as carefuliy and completely as
we could into the condition of the people on the
Island, their needs and the rrosr»cts of the
establishment of an independent, satisfactory
and stable government by ant*, for the people
of Cuba. We saw and eonversid. with a srreat
It may seem over early, yet this after
noon the whole route of many miles which
the Queen will follow has been trans
formed into one archway of flags hus
pende<i from Venetian masts, while wher
ever space admits stands have been built
up. Trinity College stand holds 1000 and
students will wear their full academicals
and their band, will play "God Save the
Queen."
There is no truth in the report sent out
by correspondents of yellow journals that
the Queen's visit is unpopular. There
may be a few who will sum., but there is
no one here to-day who has any substan
tial interest in Ireland who does not re
joice heartily nnd appreciate hlphly the
Queen's visit. The only voice raised to
day against the visit la that of the editor
Special Cable to The Call and the Ne w York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by the New York H«rald Company.
DUBLIN DONS GAY GARB
IN HONOR OF THE QUEEN
MANILA'S DEATH RATE
IS REMARKABLY HIGH
Infectious Diseases of All Kinds Preva
lent in the City.
Inspectors Are Doing 1 Good Work, but They Find It
Almost Impossible to Impress the Necessity
of Sanitary Measures on the Natives.
CorrefiKjnderK-e oT the Agenda te«.l I'rp*-*.
MANILA. March «.— Tli<? .onsus of Ma
rlla Just completed by the Health Dp
jiartment gives her nn unpleasantly high
rank araor.g the unhealthful cities of the
world. Jt establisheß v death rato of
something over < rt per cent at a conserva
tive estimaie and probably nearer V> thar;
40. Even f..>r a tropical c-jty under care
less administration <0 per cent is a phe
nomenal rate, and with American mili
tary management It bears damaging testi
mony against the climate. Former esti
mate* and censuses had always given Ma
nila 300,000 population. f J his census was
.. careful count of natives and Chinese
living in buildings and boats In the police
districts of Manila end it gave a total of
i:-«0,T14, of whom CJ'/W.t were Chinamen.
There are to be added the inhabitants of
several villages within the city limits.
.Americans and Europeans and 14'.k) priests
in the monasteries. I'rom reliable infor
mation t!ie officials oetimato their number
at between '.*!(*& and i!"i.(.Kio.
T!ie deaths In Manila officially reported
during the six months from July I to De
cember 51 last year weie <:2iUi. Of the^e
2*l were children. Some of the principal
causes were bert-bcri I' 1 ), tuberculosis ;;v>,
bronchitis 214, dysentery :£}•. fevers 2:>7,
whlie stomach troubieo tanked high. Ma
nila now lia* three JiM'a»i*> cpicieiiiic
which woula throw tno average commun
ity into a paiik-, bubonic plague, beri-oeri
and .-:k->..;. \ lien-beri n.-ulis trom a
diet <-, i_ «:¦:. and rice, sj that wnltes do not
fear it. Smallpox and leprosy the i'ml-
Ipptne* always iiave anu ihe people look
upon them as a matter «jf couri»e. uvoiamg
direct contact, but hardly giving a second
thought to their preeencL in ihe neigti
liorhood.
Smallpox flourishes In some parts of
I,uzon constantly. Half uf the natives
i.i the country districts are piued with it
and mothrra iry to get their children in
tected with it under the beliei that It U
less ciangerous to the young. The towns
along the northern ocast and on the rail
road between .Manila and Dagupan are
full of Mnailpox x»ow. Oeneral Bells
lajnous volunteer regiment, the Thirtj
t-ixth, is suffering from an epidemic, Ue'u
tenwnt Toncray ;tnd Lieutenant \\ ing.
both of whom were Tennesseeans, the
former holding a commission as captain
In the Tennessee volunteers, and several
>-olaier* nave died and mere are other
cases In the regmif-:it. 'me rasv-goin^
natives anu Spaniard.- paid so little atten
tion to leprosy that tSie Philippines have
never been noted for thai disease, but
there are more than a hundred lepers in
the Manila hospital, othrrs are found in
most of the country villages and beggars
with mere nturr.'.is for hands and feet
have lived about the ytreets undisturbed
until recently, when the authorities have
b'-gun to arrest them and send them to
the lazaretto.
Plague Unnoticed.
Eubonic plague 13 a visitor to which
distance lends terror. Two months ago
me r.r«it case* wa»« disover^d in Manila.
Since 1 ha*, tirr.p there have b»en ZOO cases,
according to the estimates of the health
officer*, and at leapt BO per cent of them
hay»» resulted fatally. Vet there has been
no panic, no families have fled from the
city, nor his ifu usual r«-»utin«» of life in
the city foef>n disturbed. The home papers
1 lind more interest i:> the subject than do
tho*e published here, mine such hyrfteri
c-.-.i urij.i .... .iiL- ii.-jn.. import prevailing
jin Honolulu seems amusi: t- Xo one was
I partlcuiitriy suipri-seu .. y the announce
i Ij>-M Liiau Hie utoea&u ».ad arrived, for
j wui ii fugiiig thruu«T.i»ui the Orient and
1:0 .-peciai i]uaia.nunt: precautions being
tnUcn ;; S:<iii-lS :<iii-l me .-ii. 2 ,s from infected
port*, it was uot to oe expected that
i Manila wuuitl escape. .so one was par
. ticularly aiaVm< <t either, because Manila
! has boci'Hie too lanmjur with greater dan
; jtitp <h:ring toe p.*.."t year to let any side
: 1.-.-ue Uxe piajiUe i.uiwe much difference.
; Already it lias ceaveu to be a cause of
; alarm ur even a topic or conversation.
i lie repressive tmtuaures ol the health
officers have been comparatively simple,
necessarily sv> because of the small
amount ot money allowed for their work,
but have proven remarkably effective con
sidering the conditions they have had to
light, l'ljt'lr aim has been to make the
city c^ean and keep it dean: This is the
last thing the masses ot Filipinos and
Chinamen propotc to do unless driven
to It.
"ihpy don't understand it; they con
sider it only a lorm of persecution," ex
plained Burgeon Major Ira C. Brown when
asKed if u,c ::ati\e.> were disposed to co
operate in this r/ork. :*i."he Filipinos are
one of the most scrupulous people in the
world about personal cifanliness, and one
01 tne *ight;< or me country is to see the
whole population getting under the pumps
and Into th'; rivers anu canals at sunrise.
Their clothing also is most spotless white.
Their knowledge or sanitation; however,
was gained entirely from the Spaniards
and is defective, i'lit- lower classes ot
Chinese are worse, as the fact that two
thirds of the plague cases have been
among them; altoough they number but a
small minority of the population, testi
fies. White people have escaped alto
gether, but through no virtue on the part
of certain nationalities. Manila is prac
tically without sewerage, and because of
its low level tlie cost of a system on mod
ern lines would be almost prohibitive. As
an offset is the character Of the nipa huts
inhabited by most of the natives, which
stand on posts above the ground free
tr^rn rats and well ventilated.
Troubles of Health Officers.
The plague i.s supposed to have begun in
Cavite. it nrat appeared in Manila in the
walled cay. only v stone's throw from
j tl>e palace where army headquarters are,
j and three persons were dead before the
j nature <.>! iiieir disfa.se was suspected.
i liost <jf the later cases have been in the
; same section of the walled city or in the
: Chinese quarter near the water front.
: immediately burgeon Major Edie. the
I health uiucvr, organized a force of in
| tspectors to enforce rigid sanitary meas
j urts oh everybody, and the plague work
| was put m coarse oi Major Brown. It
was necessary u> have men who could
speak the language or the people, explain
to them what the inspections meant and
direct them how to Keep their premises
d fj"i. fo fcilipinoa bad to be enlisted.
The race question created complica
tions immediately. Between Filipinos and
Chinamen there exists an inveterate
hatred. It was har«l to find natives will
ing to serve who couid understand and
cuter into the spirit of the crusade and
balder to enforce honesty and fmpartial
*, lv .. a P lon S them. The Filipino inspectors
delighted in the chance to square grudges
against their traditional enemies. They
proceeded to file a batch of warrants for
maintaining,, nuisances at police head
quarters, and must <^f them wtrre against
Chinamen, who proved oa investigation
to t>e the most j>ro*-.intnt and least of
fending of their race.
Help came irom an unexpected quarter
for the rich Chinese merchanxs, under
the leadership of Palanka, the forme--
Consul General and the chief magnate
among them, offered to furnish thirty in
spector* to worft among their countrymen
and keep the Chinese reasonably clean.
The Chinamen in the Philippines are or
ganized into societies?; each society has
Us head men, taxes are levied and laws
enforced by them and there is practically
tt secret government with Palanka at its
head. Intelligent Chinamen know tha
horrors of the plague from experience,
and when they assured the offirials that
they would co-operate and use their power
with the lower classes to combat their
prejudices then- offer was gladly accepted.
1 here are now 100 inspectors at work In
Manila, thirty of them Chinamen and the
others Filipinos. They are sent out in
squads, usually two Filipinos and a Chi
naman, with a soldier to boss them and
see that they do their work and abstain
from blackmailing. Major Brown and the
officers of the Health Department boss
the soldiers and the inspectors. When
ever a plague victim is discovered he is
sent to the Chinese or the Filipino hospi
tal if it is possible to move him. The
house is thoroughly disinfected, a bontlre
is made of everything movable, a yellow
placard announcing "bubonic peste" ap
pears on the door, while a sentry stands
guard to keep people away. Four days
the house is kept closed and the inmates
are isolated. When two or three cases
develop in one street the street is barred
against business.
The dead Chinamen are buried In a
grave eight feet deep in the Chinese ceme
tery and covered with lime. The bodies
of Filipinos are burned when the rela
tives will consent. Cremation is desirable
for all. but the Chinese superstitions are
so strong against burning their dead that
any attempt to emorce it would result In
concealment of the cases and possibly
riots. The estimate of 200 deaths includes
the probable number of cases which have
been kept from the knowledge of the au
thorities. It has been hard to Induce the
Chinese and natives to forego public fu
ncraJs. One hearse is kept for Chinese
plague victims, another for Filipinos. In
deed, the greatest diplomacy has been
necessary to induce the Chinamen to take
any precautions. Without the co-opera
tion of the "head men" it would have
been Impossible. Chinamen even appear
In court against their neighbors and Chi
nese Inspectors swear against their own
countrymen, which is without precedent
In the courts of Manila. Major Brown
says: "We can make the Chinamen un
derstand what it means to clean up their
places, but they cannot understand that
they must keep cloan— that they must re
peat the process every day."
* • .
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1900.
TIED ON A BARREN
ROCK AND LEFT TO DIE
Punishment Meted Out by Chinese to a
Suspected Spy.
A,fter Two Days of Terrible Suffering the Man
Is Discovered and Rescued by Constable
George Agnew.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX UAFAEL, April I.— Because he
•nas suspected of bring a spy of a rival
company. Choy Fook. a Chinese lisher
man at Point San Pedro, WM ti?d by five
members of the various Chinese com
panies to a beacon on a barren rock in
Kichardsons Bay, and there left for two
days without food or water. A few days
ago Con.--tr.ble George Agncw, on making
his usual visit to the fishermen's camp at
Point San Pedro, was notltied of the awful
fate which was being meted <<ut to the
suspected man and rescued him from his
terrible position.
For many months th* rival tongs have
warred on one another at Point San Pe
dro. Of the members of the Six Chinese
Companies shrimp flshingthere all but on«
are under the Mile of ex-Vice Consul King
Ow Yongj This on** company is the Suey
Wo, and threats and coaxing on the part
of King Ow Yonpr have alike failed to in
duce them to join the shrimp combine,
which it is the ex-Vice Consul's desire to
control. About a month ago several Chi
namen wer*- smuggled into the country by
way of Tom&iea Hay. These men were all
recruits to Kins Ow Vong's forces, and
th<- raid in* which they were captured and
subsequently deported was made by the
officers on information lodged with them
by a prominent member of the Suey Wo
Company. This intensified the ill-feeling
toward the Suey Wos and a proclamation
was posted in all the camps warning all
spies and informers that if apprehended
tnev would b€ dealt with In a « ur n" ar X
manner. Choy Fook fell under the ban of
suspicion and. although proelaimlnff Wa
Innccence. was brought before the head
men of the cnmp. .
Separated from the village by a narrow
strip of water is a barren rock, surmount
ed t>y a beacon, an.l rh* punishment de
creed fitting for *Choy Fook-'s crime wad
that hp be tied to the beacon, there tore
main at the pleasure of his judges. Thl3
sentence was carried out. A member or
each tong helped to secure him to the bea
con. To avoid his being Been by passing
vessels the man was placed in ,a recum
bent position.
For two days the hot sun beat down en
him be-fore any one <-ame to hla aid. Al
though he may have had sympathizer*
they were forbidden, on pain of heavy
punishments, t<» visit the marooned man.
and it remained for Constable George Ag
new to accomplish his rescue. One of the
members of the Suey Woa Informed the
officer of the man's terrible, position and
Asmew promptly released him. Choy
Fook was sent to San Francisco almost
immediately, aa a worse fate would un
doubtedly have been his if his vengeful
compatriots had again laid hands on him.
Although an effort is being made to cap
ture the fteniis who were instrumental In
Choy Fook's torture, it is feared that it
will prove futile, as the village Is now
overran with spies, and highbinders havo
instituted a reisrn of terror.
2
VICEREGAL LODGE. PHOENIX PARK, DUBLIN.
According to the programme laid out for her visit to Ireland, her Majesty
the Queen will upon her landing at Kingstown on Wednesday morning next
drive at once to the Viceregal Lodge, Phoenix Park, the seat of her Lord
Lieutenant for Ireland, Earl Cadogan, and there for the time take up her
abode.r^'a ioT G °norrhopi;
<s£2yia l to&<iajt.^s White*, unnatural .i.'j.
fzTfS Gcaraat»*i jj chars'*, or any infla-im*.
Raojf noi to roUiarn. tioa, irritation or ulcer**
KwYrriwau contagion. ticn »? nine 003 cj?b».
JK^VHEEvAisCKEViwra br ' ta '* s - Soa~»£triag*nl.
\<f££ni CIMCOUTI.O •GS'I SoIU b y **m*xiutM, ¦
: Cleveland |
I Bicycles:
t 840 and 650 +
? LEAVITT & BILL, J
309 Lertin Sireet, S. F. +
+ 20 San Pa'jfo Aye., Oakland. X
Gold Crowns, 85; Full Set Teeth,
$5; Bridgcwork, 85; Gold Fill-
infjs, 61 up; Silver Fillings, 50c.
723 MARKET ST,
MAIK OFFICE
rOrRTH AND MORRISON STREETS. PORT-
LAND. OR.
MRS. BOOTH AT SAN QUENTIN.
Delivers an Address to a Large Audi-
ence of Convicts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. April I.— The
chapel here was thronged to overflowing
with convict Volunteers of America this
mornine. The occasion was the address
delivered by Mrs. Maud Ballington Booth
to the converts in stripes, and although
some were there from curiosity, the
larger part of the audience was composed
of "Volunteers."
The services were opened with a selec
tion by the prison quartet. This was fol
lowed by some remarks by Chaplain
Drahms. Mrs. Booth, who Is styled by
the convicts "Little Mother," then deliv
rrpd an address, in which she bade the
prisoners to "look up and hope." Chap
lain Drahms, after a hymn, pronounced
the benediction. After the services Mrs.
Booth held a reception and talked to all
the convicts desiring an interview. Fully
SOO prisoners were present and listened
to the services. Warden Aguirre, as a
precautionary measure, had doubled the
guards in the chapel, but so Interested
were the convicts in the address that
there was no need for their presence.
Senator Sawyer's Funeral.
OSHKOSH, Wis., April I.— Former Sena
tor Philetus Sawyer was burled this
afternoon. Rev. Edward H. Smith of the
First Congregational Church officiated.
The funeral procession was the longest
ever seen here, the various civic societies
and the militia turning out. The funeral
was attended by the State officers and by
many prominent men of the State.
EL J]
Trunks, valises, dress-suit cases and
traveling rolls. Immense assortment of
best grade at Sanborn, Vail & Co.'s, 741
Market street. •
RATIFIED BY ITALY.
Chamber\of Deputies Approves Reci-
V procity Treaty.
ROME. April I.— The Treats Commis
sion of the Italian Chamber of Deputies
has approvel the reciprocity arrangement
under the third section of the Dingley act
eigned last February Jn Washington by
Baron Fava, the Italian Embassador, and
John A. Hasten, special plenipotentiary
for the United 6tater
F*OR
NOME BEACH DIRECT!
BARKEN'TIN'E CATHERINE SUDDEN SAILS
APRIL 13, 1900.
For freight rates apply to th«
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRA2J3-
PORTATION COMPANY.
Office: 4 California st.
I do not beliere there
is a case of dyspep-
sia, indigestion or
eny etomach trouM:;
that cannot be rt-
liered at once end
permanently cured
ly ray DYSPEPSIA
CURE.
M UN YON.
At all drupeipt?,
25c. a rial. Guide
to Health anfl medi-
cal advice free. 1505
Arch Etreet, Phila.
MRS. "JACK" GARDNER
MAKES A DIRE THREAT
Will Go to Europe to Live if She Is
Compelled to Pay Duty on Her
Art Collection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, April I.— "lf I am not to bring
my pictures into this country without
having to pay half tb~ price I originally
paid for them, I shall go to Europe to
live," said Mrs. "Jack" Gardner to The
Call correspondent at her home on Beacon
street to-day.
"The tariff laws of the United States on
the importing of pictures, statues and
other works of art are, in my estimation,
due to Ignorance on the part of the people
who have made these laws, and to-day
America stands alone in her opposition to
the Importation of the works of the old
masters. My collection— l mean the one
I nave in Europe— ls said there to be one
of tho iinest private collections in the
world, and composing it are pictures
which any museum would pay vast sums
to possess. I feel very keenly over this
question and over the question of ! the
tariff, and I cannot understand why a
country, whose ideas on most things are
so advanced as are those of America,
should put a prohibitive tariff— a penalty,
in other words — on those things which
England. Russia, France, Spain and Italy
are paying out fabulous amounts to ac
quire."
This Is the recorded protest that Mrs.
"Jack" Gardner has made against the
stringency of tho tariff regulations. Re
cently, when she was planning to Import
an Italian palace, Mrs. Gardner spoke bit
terly on the si.nie subject.
Bryan at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., April I.— "William
Jennings Bryan reached here about 2
o'clock this afternoon on a special train
and was received by a special committee
and several thousand people. He went to
his hotel immediately, where he held a
brief reception, after which he was driven
to the residence of Clark Davis, a distant
relative. There he remained until 9
o'clock to-night, when he started for Bel
llngham Bay.
Pacific "Coast Steamsfilp~C<v
• F"OR THE
W CAPE NOME
Wat GOLD FIELDS.
Til* New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will Sail From San Francisco MAT 14th for tha
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle, leavinz there -May 13th. Subse-
quent trips will be from Seattle direct, namely:
June list. July 21st and August 20th. Passen-
gers are advised to Inspect the Senator before
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
second-class and steeraee accommodations ar«
superior t<> the first-class accommodations on
most of the steamers advertised for Nome.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company ha* been
running lta steamers to Alaska— winter ant
summer— for 25 years and is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For further information in*
quire of J. F. TROWHRIDGE. Ocean Doc*.
Seattle. Wash. N\ POSTON. 2« Washington,
«t.. Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. 13t West S«o-
nnd «t.. Los Anteles. Cal. GOODALL. PER-
KINS & CO.. Gen. Affents. 4 New Monttromery;
¦t.. or 10 Market «t.. San FrancUco. Cal.
INTERESTING STATISTICS
BEARING ON IMPORTS
Sugar, Coffee, Hides and Skins, Wool,
Fruits and Tea Head the List
in Value.
"WASHINGTON, April I.— An interesting
statement showing the sources of the ag
ricultural Imports of the United States
during the five fiscal years ISD4-9S has
been prepared by Frank H. Hitchcock,
chief of the foreign markets section of
the Agricultural Department.
During the five fiscal years ISDI-9S the
agricultural Imports of the United States
had an average annual value of $3C5,745,
457. Sugar, coffee, hides and skins, wools,
silk, vegetable fibers, fruits and tea wore
the articles imported most extensively.
Measured in value, these items formed
over four-fifths of our total import trade
in agricultural products for the period
mentioned, their combined value aggre
gating about $300,000,000 a» year. Of this
sum more than one-half was paid for
two commodities— sugar and coffee. The
average yearly value of the sugar imports
for 1K:«4-&S amounted to $90,418,685, and cof
fee $83,570,106.
Although the total value of the agri
cultural imports amounted to only W14,
201,7'.'6 In I^9S. as compared with $364,133,027
In' 1834, a considerable increase was re
corded from several of the leading
sources of supply. Japan, China and the
Hawaiian Islands afforded the most strik
ing instances of a growing trade. The
value of the agricultural products im
ported from Japan rose l'rnm $14,1(35,637 in
IR!H to $20.2G5,354 in IS9S; China from $14,
"S2 539 to $18,346,474. and the Hawaiian Isl
ands from $10,202,331 to $17,H2,505.
SUBLIME PORTE'S
REPLY TO RUSSIA
Finds a Method of Evading the De
mands for Railway Concessions
in Asia Minor.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Saturday. March
31.— The Ottoman Government will ad
dress a note this evening to the Russian
Embassy declaring that In the event of
the Porte not constructing railway lines
in the Black Sea districts bounded by
railways already conceded to others, then
concessions will be granted to Russia. It
is considered that the Porte In this way
settles the Russian demands in the prem
ises.
LONDON, April 2.— The Times has the
following, dated March 29, from Seoul,
capital of Korea: "The unreasonable
claim of the Russian Minister, M. Pav
loff. that Russian subjects alone should
have the right to work and develop all
mines, forests and other property in
Korea Is being tested, Japan having ap
plied for a concession to work certain
gold mliies."
YOKOHAMA, April L— lt Is reported
that the Government of Korea has grant
ed the Russian demand for ground within
the settlement of Masampo.
New York
DENTAL
PARLORS.
« Ll* WORK DONE ABSOLUTELY V.TTH-
*"» OITT PAIN' by our patent method, used
by r.o otfcer fier.tiFtß In San Francisco.
NOPAINI--NOGAS!
NO COCAINE-NO ELECTRICITY
TWO FIREMEN CRUSHED
UNDER FALLING WALLS
Fatalities Attend the Destruction of
the Central High School of
Owosso.
OWOSSO. Mich.. April I.— Two firemen
were killed by falling walls to-day in a
fire which destroyed the Central High
School. Three other firemen were serious
ly injured, and two pupils of the school
were badly hurt. The dead:
FRED ROSS, fireman.
FRANK TUCKER, fireman.
The injured: Will ..toss, Zene Ross: Ed
ward Freet. fireman: Frank Davis and
Solomon Vogel, schoolboys.
The fire spread to all parts of the large
building. The school house was on a hill
and the engines were unable to furnish
sufficient force to render the Fire Depart
ment of much use. Loss, $125,000: insur-
BUSINESS MAN DEAD.
Demise of Sydney A. Kent, Whose
Brother Lives in San Rafael.
SUFFIELD, Conn.. April I.— Sydney A.
Kent, who for years was prominent In
Chicago as a speculator and organizer,
died at his summer residence here to-day
aged 66 years. Death was the result of a
complication of disorders. He is sur
vived by a brother, now residing at San
Rafael, Cal.. and a sister and two* daugh
ters. Mr. Kent developed many enter
prises, the greatest and one of his latest
being the so-called Chicago Gas trust
INDICTMENTS
EXPECTED IN
GOEBEL CASE
The Grand Jury Will Return
True Bills Against a
Number of Suspects.
Prosecution Claims That the Dragnet
Will Pick Up Many Who Have
Not Been Heretofore
Involved.
«
FRANKFORT, Ky.. April I.— The con
vening of the April term of the Frank
lin Circuit Court to-morrow, with Judge
Cantril sitting, marks the beginning of
the final legal proceedings against the al
leged assassin of the late Governor Goe
bel, and on this account makes it the
most important in the history of criminal
trials In this State in many years.
The Grand Jury will be in order to
work on Tuesday and the assassination
case will be the nrst matter taken up. It
is understood that Commonwealth's At
torney Franklin, who will conduct the
prosecution on the part of the State, had
nad subpenaes Issued for numerous im
portant witnesses in rotation, and others
will be issued as soon as the court gets
duwn to work, if the prosecution makes
good its claims, the investigation will in
rolve a large number of others against
whom indictments will be returned. The
general impression prevails that none of
the trials will come up at the present
term, and it is understood that the de
fense probably In every case will move
for a change of venue to some other
county.
Colonel T. C. Campbell, special counsel
for the prosecution, was in conference
with Henry Youtsey, one of the men ar
rested, for a long time at the Jail this
afternoon. Colonel Campbell declined to
state what parsed at the conference. The
attorneys for the prosecution persistently
claim they have more damaging evidence
against Youtsey, connecting him with the
crime, than against any or thu others so
fur arrested, and it is said that the state
ment made by Culton has strengthened
th«- case against him. Republican leaders
profess to not know the plans of Repub
lican Governor Taylor, but it is generally
believed be will not return here till the
action of the Grand Jury is made public
if he returns at all soon, and in this opin
ion Democrats and Republicans coincide.
INDIANAPOLIS, lnd., April I.— John
W. Flnlay, ex-Secretary of State of Ken
tucky, wi;s seen at the Plaza Hotel to
night and informed of the issuance at
Frankfort of a warrant for his arreset for
alleged connection with the conspiracy
to kill Goebe!. and was asked what action
he Intended to take. Said he:
"I came away from Kentucky before I
iiad any Intimation that such a thing had
or would be done. After 1 learned of it
and was retun.lng I heard of the mis
treatment of Powers and Davis after their
arrest and their abduction from the Lex
ington jail, and decided I had no desire
for such pranks to be played upon me just
at raesent. Besides, I bcllve 1 can at
tend to some private affairs that interest
me just novr more exp<?ditiously and satis
factor ly from the pleasant city of Indian
apolis thaji from a cell of the Franklin
County JalL^
ADVEBTISESIEXTS.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG.
Prevents Many People Prom Trying
a Good Medicine.
Btotraeh troubles are so .common and in
most cases co obstinate to cure that peo-
ple are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure tor dyspepsia and Indigestion.
Many such pride themselves on their
acutencss in never being humbugged, es-
pecially in medicines.
Tnis fear of beinj; hurobujrged can be
carried too far; so far. in fact, that m^.nj
j.rople suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money in faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different tn one important respect
fn m ordinary proprietary medicines for
t!:. reason that they :iot a secret pat-
ent medicine. No secret is made of their
Ingredients, but analysis shows them to-
contain the natural digestive ferments,
pure aseptic pepsin, the digestive acids,
«.iuldcn ika!. bl£mutb, bydrastls ar.d nux.
They are nut cathartic, neither do they
act "powerfully on any organ, but they
cure Indigestion on the common sense
j.i;'.:i <: alscsting the food oiiten thor-
ougtilv before it ha> :sme to ferment, sour
i*:.<. .vi use the xr.ischW. This la the only
secret of th^ir success.
Cathartic pills never have and never can
t;;:. ;r.disrostioi» and stomach trouble? be-
cau£« they act entirely on the bowels.
vrbereaa the -»hole trouble is really in the
stoznacn.
Btuart'si Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
rr.-i.is nicest the food. That is all there Is
to It. Food not dijr^stcd or half digested
is poison; as it creates pas, acidity, head-
aches. palpitation of the heart. "loss of
Seeh and appetite and many other troubles
which are often called by some other
SPRING SESSION OF THE
MEXICAN CONGRESS OPENS
In His Message President Diaz Tells
of the Friendliness Exhibited
by This Country.
CITY OF MEXICO, April I.— President
Diaz opened the spring session of Con
gress this evening. In his message Presi
dent Diaz calls attention to the satisfac
tory termination of the suits entered in
New York against Mexico by the Wood
house bond claimants at the time the
Morgans issued the Mexican loan. He
says that not for a moment did he recog
nize that Mexico could be sued in a for
eign court, and that the American high
est courts sustained this principle. The
President reviews the Weil and Abra case,
which the American courts , decided so
satisfactorily for Mexico, displaying no
table impartiality. He says Mexico will
take pleasure in welcoming the Pan-
American Congress.
The new treaty of commerce and friend
ship between Mexico and China will soon
be sent to the Senate for ratification. The
President dwelt on the precautions taken
to prevent the spread of yellow fever in
Vera Cruz and on the Gulf Coast, and de
nies that the bubonic plague has made it 3
appearance in Mexican territory.
A great increase in copper mining is
mentioned, and antimony, lead and other
minerals formerly not regarded with in
terest now command the attention of en
terprising miners, backed by large capi
tal. Colonization makes progress. The
harbor works at Vera Cruz and else
where are making excellent progress, the
postal receipts continually increase, and
there has been a similar gain in the serv
ice of the Federal telegraph. Gratifying
conditions of finance enables the executive
to carry out many works of public im
provement authorized by Congress. The
army is In good condition and is being
Improved in many branches of the serv
ice. The President says the Yaqui war
is not likely to be prolonged. It Is the
intention of the Government to send the
Yaqui prisoners to different parts of the
republic and have them instructed In the
arts of civilization. ..Decisive measures
against the rebellious Maya Indians are !
now under way and new flotilla will op- I
crate in coniunction with the army
against these Indians. The message gives
general satisfaction, as showing un
checked progress of the nation in every
branch of the service.
Boer Peace Envoys Now on Their Way to Europe.
Mr. Wolmarans is a member of the Executive Council of the Transvaal
and a most trusted confidant of President Kruger. Mr. Fisher has been State
Secretary and member of the Council of the Orange Free State, and while
formerly a strong advocate of peace, stands very close to President Steyn
and for the absolute independence of the two republics.
The two envoys with their retinue are expected to arrive any day in
Europe. Just what is the purport of their instructions and tha extent of
their powers is of course not yet known.
DR. ST. GEORGE
MIVART PASSES
TO THE BEYOND
MRS. CATHERINE
JORDAN TAKES
HER OWN LIFE
Recognized as the Leading
Scientist Within the
Catholic Church.
Daughter of Colonel Alfred
Andrews Dies a Sui
cide at New York.
. 1
Recently Involved in a Sharp Contro
versy With Cardinal Vaughan
Over Certain Magazine
Articles.
•LONDON, April I.— Dr. St. George Miv
art, former lecturer on zoology at St.
Mary's Hospital Medical School and pro
fessor of biology at the University of Lu
vain, long recognized as the leading
scientist within the Roman Catholic
church In England, is dead.
The late Dr. Mivart was recently in
volved in a sharp controversy with Car
dinal Yaujihan. Archbishop of Westmin
ster, growing out of certain articles he
had contributed to the Nineteenth Cen
tury and Fortnightly Review. He had de
manded from tlie Cardinal, as proprietor
of the Tablet, the principal Roman Cath
olic organ in London, an apology for a
personal attack made upon him in that
paper. The Cardinal replied that the
matter was entirely one for adjustment
between the editor of the Tablet and Dr.
Mivart. as he was responsible for neither
the language nor the arguments of the
Tablet.
This was the subordinate feature of the
controversy. Its principal feature in
volved Dr. Mivart's views as the Inspira
tion of the Scriptures.
A t-ensational article by Professor Miv
art appears in the April North American
Review, in which he says that the recep
tion by Cardinal Vaughan of his maga
zine articles showed the Roman church
"to be essentially a petrified and not a
progressive church."
Continuing, Professor Mivart says he
was called upon to declare his belief in
certain books of the Bible. He said:
It was. of course, absoltely Impnunlble for
me or W other scientillc m n to sign such a
formula; unless it wa= clearly and publicly
known that I should be free to reject, as
errors, (statements, historically untrue, such as
the account of the eerpent and th<? tree, the
brinsrinc of the animals to Adam to be named,
the history of the tower of Babel, that of the
dt-lucf, and 60 on.
Professor Mlvart believed there were er
rors in the Bible and he wrote to his
Cardinal, asking if by signing the for
mula referring to the books he would be
hound to accept everything Biblical as
fact. In explanation he said:
It is very noteworthy that I could get no
authoritative answer from the Cardinal. The
fflf-t was he dared not answer. He could not
alloy that God had Insrired men to write false
hoods, or that the church had (as of course it
has) misled mankind- as to the word of God
for a long succession of centuries.
She Was Famous for Years as One
of the Most Beautiful Women
on the Pacific
Coast.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 1.-Mra. Catherine
Jordan, famous for years as one of the
handsomest women on the Pacific Coast,
was found dead to-day In her apartments
at No. 305 West Forty-second street. The
gas was turned on.
She was a daughter of Colonel Alfred
Andrews, a wealthy dealer in precious
stones in San Francisco, whose place of
business is known as the "Diamond Pal
ace." Mrs. Jordan had been twice mar
ried, and both husbands are dead. Her
son, Wilton E. Berolzhimer, who lived
with her, is an old friend of James J.
Corbett and the night manager of the lat
tcr's saloon in Upper Broadway.
When lierolzhime left the house on Sat
urday night to go on duty his mother
stemed to be in her usual spirits, lie
did not return until 1 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. There was a strong odor of
gas in the house, and he found his mother
in an inner room on a bed. There were
two tasjets in the rodm and both were
turned on. A doctor was summoned, who
pronounced the woman dead from gas
asphyxiation.
Berolzhimc* said his mother had been
suffering from extreme nervousness.
Three \>eeks ago she secreted all of her
Jewelry, which she valued highly, in an
upper drawer of a chiffonier. When she
went to look for them they had disap
peared. She believed burglars had taken
them and that she had had a narrow es
cape from them, and was shocked and
frightened as a result. The jewels were
found throe days later in the bottom of
a chiffonier, and it was discovered they
had sifted through a crevice in the back
of a drawer.
Mrs. Jordan soon afterward pricked her
thumb with a brass pin. Blood poisoning
set in and her entire hand and arm
swelled to twice their ordinary size. Mrs.
Jordan went to Koosevelt Hospital and
was advised that her condition was seri
ous and that she had better remain. She
had a horror of hospitals and returned
home last Tuesday against the advice of
physicians. Her arm was getting worse,
and this, added to her anxiety about the
supposed burglary, her son believes, drove
her to take her life.
Mrs. Jordan was 49 years old and still
retained her beauty. She was a blonde of
striking figure, perfect complexion and
large blue eyes of wonderful depth and
luster.
The news of the death of Mrs. Jordan
has nearly prostrated her father. He
maintains that there can be no thought of
suicide, for only Saturday he received
from his daughter a letter that showed
her to be in the best of spirits and appar
ently without a thought of taking her
life. He saya Mrs. Jordan has been in
the habit of taking morphine to relieve
neuralgia, and ho is sure her death is
traceable to that drug. She has been sub
ject to neuralgia for years, he said, and
she has been taking morphine right along.
She was out lure a little more than a
year ago, and she was in fair health then
and certainly did not appear despondent.
Colonel Andrews has just recovered from
a serious illness, and as a consequence the
news of his daughter's death affects him
with added severity.
Mrs. Jordan was well known In this
city, where she was a reigning belle.
About thirty years ago she married a man
named Berolzhime and went East to live.
She was separated from him some years
later and afterward married Jordan.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
222-224 SUTTER STREET
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Butter, Choicest Creamery square 3 21s
Resular 43c
Olive Oil, Cal. "*&£"'• bot 75c
First presslnc Every bottla bears
affidavit as to absolute purity. Rec-
ommended by the medical authorities.
Regular Sic.
Baking Powder, Hew Era Mb can 30c
Pure Cream Tartar and Eicarbonata
.Soda.
Sardines, imported 3 tins 25c
¦We bought beforw tie raise; cost
more to Import to-day.
Hamacielis (Extract of Witch KazeD
H-Pt. Pt. Qt.
15c 250 4Oe
For Scaids. Burns. Wouads aad
Bruises.
Cocoanut, Shredded per Id 15c
You pay far »am« la 1-Kb cartoca
<9c.
Potato Floor 4 pa 25c
Imported. Kerolar Isc pacfc&x*
Pineapple, Sliced large cans 20c
Fino East India. Regular 25c.
Oranges, Choicest Naiel doz 35c
Regular tOe
Buhach Insect Povder
For** exterminating anta. fiea* aad
all kinds of Insects.
fe-lb can. &4b can.
Regular 33c SOo
NOW 250 SOo
Price includes Powder Gua.
Flour Sifters (reg. 20c) 15c
Water Pitchers, "White Enamel"
Best grade made In Germany.
V»-gal. 1-saL
Regular S3c $1 00
NOW 65c 750
Wash Basin, "White Enamel"
Same hleh grade as tia Pitchers.
Diameter— 13-ln. li-ln.
Regular 50c We
"NOW 4Oc SOo
Fruit Syrup, "Home mada,"qt bot 4oc
Raspberry. Strawberry. I"ln««ppl#.
Lemon. Grenadine. Regular 60c.
Brandy, Cai. 0. 0. choice bot 95c
gal $4.00
15 years old — of the most delicate
flavor. Remember th* age and th<»
low price. Regular $1 2i botUe. £S
gallon.
Munchner Kind! Brau
dcz qts $4.00; doz pts $2.25
Genuine Bayrish Beer. We are sol*
agents. This beer is to b» found In
most leading club* In this city and
best_ famliles. Kesrular $\ 50 quart 3.
Ginger AllT"Pnritas" doz $1.35
•'PuritasV stands for everything
that ia "Pur»." Made from distilled
water, pure Jamaica Ginger and aro-
matic fruit flavors. Regular {1 45
dozen. Allow 13c per dozen on return
of empty bottles.
Root Beer, "Puritas" doz $1.20
A non-Intoxicating drink— strictly
pure — enjoyed by children ami adults.
Frew delivery to Oakland. Alaneda
and Berkeley.
URGES PASSAGE
OF AMENDED
SUBSIDY BILL
Committee on Merchant Ma
rine Presents Its
Report.
» ¦ ¦
Primary Object of the Measure to In
crease the Shipping Fleet and
to Expand the Trade of
This Country.
?
"WASHINGTON, April I.—Representa
1 tive Grosvenor of Ohio, chairman of the
House Committee on Merchant Marine
and Fisheries, presented to the House yes
terday the amended shipping bill and the
report in its support by the majority of
the committee, constituting all the Repub
lican members. The report says, in part:
Our abundant natural resources and our In
dustries and increasing; population make It of
great value to increase the means of profitably
disposing of our surplus productions, and as
our export trade is Increased, co will be borne
consumption and employment.
Our exporting competitors have for a. long
time been devoting- themselves to increasing
their export trade and getting possession of
the markets. Africa Is an example of the
methods pursued in partitioning territory or
recognizing "spheres of influence." Possibly
Eastern Asia Is eventually destined to receive
eimitar treatment.
China may be left open to fair and equal
competition with respect of trade with the
United States, in which event one of the larg
est. If not tha largest, field for trade and com
merce of other nations will be open to those
possessing the facilities of taking advantage
of opportunity. The nation first in the field,
with its own production and its own means of
transportation, will achieve the largest suc
cess. ,
: The need of establishments for the construc
tion, dockins and repairing of ships, and ade
quate navy and a gTeat fleet of merchant ves
sels, all In readiness for any emergency. Is a
self-evident proposition.
After giving the statistics on the extent
of tonnage the world over, the cost of
subsequent buildings, wages, etc., Mr.
Grosvenor's report Bums up the "cardinal
purposes" of the bill as follows:
1. To aid in a practical way— and no doubt
under existing conditions the only possible
way— in bringing to the greatest extent pos
sible our own foreign trade back into our own
hands, and thus saving to our country annu
ally what now goes to increase the wealth of
other nations more than $100.<Xh),000.
2. To greatly increase the exportation and
fale of all kinds of our superabundant pro
ductions and especially in the vast regions of
Asia, evidently very soon to be opened to the
trade of the world.
8. To bring into existence at the earliest pos
sible time a great American fleet of American
vessels, built in our own country.
4. To increase the number of citizens who
will be educated in seafaring work and who
will thus have the skill and be better able to
defend the honor and integrity of our country
on the seas, however suddenly the occupation
may happen.
5. The bill, we think, will. If the proposed
compensation Is large enough, accomplish
these great and important purposes.
General Grosvenor's report concludes:
It will, of course, take a considerable time
to reach the desired end, but the sooner the
policy is entered upon the sooner am] easier
will be its accomplishment. The means pro
posed are open to the capital, the enterprise
and the skill of our citizens alike and en equal
terms. There is no ground for the form of
monopoly. There is absolute safety to the
treasury In the fact that no payment can be
made until In raeh and for each voyajco the
work Is actually performed. A* we have be
fore stated, it Is certain that no vessel, great
or small, fast or plow, in the list can afford to
make a single voyage without also having a
large commercial business Income from the
same voyage and In doing which commercial
business she Is fulfilling the great purpose of
the bill. In view of the foregoing considera
tions we earnestly recommend the speedy pass
age of the bill.
The bill and amendments have been
made public heretofore. The anti-trust
amendment is slightly changed, so that In
case of combination those participating In
if are excluded from the benefits of the
bill, instead of the previous plan, which
would have operated alike against those
in and out of the combination.
DE LUBERSAC
MAY FIGHT A
ROTHSCHILD
Baron Edouard Said to Have
Sent His Seconds to
the Count.
Result of the Continued Insults
Hurled at Members of the
Famous Houss of
Bankers.
\ •
PARIS, April I.— The quarrel betweeen
Comte de Lubersac and Baron Robert de
Rothschild continues and threatens to
spread to other prominent people who
were not at the outset mixed up In the af
fair. Last evening the Comte wrote an
other violent letter, but this time not to
Baron Robert. lie addressed Baron
Edouard de Rothschild and after charging
Robert with writing him an insulting let
ter, said:
"I cannot blame him before he attains
his majority. When that time Is reached
he will receive my seconds. I do not
wish to remain under the insult of a
Rothschild, and as I consider you, the son
of the head of this family, responsible. 1
express my contempt for you and I warn
you that everywhere I meet you I shall
throw my glove In your face.
It is reported that the recipient of this
letter has sent his seconds to the Comte.
Michael Ephrussl will also challenge
Comte de Lubersac and M. de Saint Alery
will challenge Corate de Dion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1900.
DENIES COMPLICITY
IN THE ABDUCTION
Justice Dyer Appears Before Com
mittee at Palo Alto— Appeal to
the Public for Funds.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
PALO ALTO, April L— To the Public: The undersigned, representing the
University of California and Leland Stanford Jr. University, feel that the
efforts of the people of Pa!u Alto to bring to justice those concerned in the
recent abduction of a Chinese girl at Palo Alto deserve the support of all ciU
zens of the Htate. They desire hereby to express their approval of such ef
forts. That officers of justice ehould take part in such an affair is a blot upon
the reputation <»f the State.
J C. BRAXNER] Acting President Leland Stanford Jr. University.
BENJAMIN IDE WHEELER, President University of California.
EALO ALTO. April I.— A meeting of
the executive committee appointed
by the roafs-n.eeting last night was
heM In Recorder Norris" oflice this
evening. Professor Whittier. Rev. Mr.
GBXflener and Professor Smith presented
a resolution Figr.cd by Acting President
Brenner ar.d President Wheeler indorsing
the public movement to suppress the
f-lave trsiKc in Chinese girls. Justice
Dyer, irtth his attorney, Joseph Hutch-
Inson. appeared before the committee and
asked the privilege of making a etate
cte&t.
Mr. Hutchinscn read a carefully pre
pared paper, denying all complicity in the
j :an to abduct the grirl. ar.d makes a bid
:or the sympathy of the community on
the basis of being made the tool of de- j
rigning parties, lie offt-rs to aid the com- j
inittee Jn ferreting out the wrongdoers if j
called en. He thinks now things were
not just right, az.d practically offer* to J
resign if the case is .Jrup;>ed. The com- i
roittte received the communication la si- j
lence. Dyer presents through Hutcbinson
smother docamcr.t r>-ri>ortins to be a clean t
breast of all the facts In his possession, j
He claims he was notified that the girl
¦would be en the train after dark and
vent to meet the girl and Mies Cameron
at his office. He did not see the girl again i
until he ma her en the county road at j
I
I 2:30 in the morning. He denies ordering
the jail broken open. He went driving
and met the tprl and Harris and the
Chinamen.
Harrington, a San Jose attorney, ad-
I vised him that it was regular and proper
I to hold court at that tin;e and place and
I swore in one Chinaman vi interpreter.
I The Interpreter Baid the girl wanted to
! plead guilty to a charge ol petty larceny.
He accepted the ftau-ment, lined the girl
J5 and turned her over to the Chinamen.
v.-lio drove away. He blnn-.es Harrington
j and Harris for giving him bad advice. He
did not know he was doing anything
wrong. He thinks now he was duped. He
does Jiot like to resign, because it would
look as if he acknowledged his guilt.
Dyer has made several contradictory
statements.
Professors Brun and Whittler were ap
pointed a committee to rccieve testimony
and arrange for able criminal counsel to
assist District Attorney Campbell of San
Jo^e, who is preparing for a complete in
vestigation. Dyer was served with the de
| maud of the mass meeting to resign hi 3
j office while before the committee. He ac
knowltdgeJ its receipt, but made no an
swer.
The following appeal was issued by the
committee:
It Is a matter of common knowledge that the
State of California has long been disgraced by
I the Slavery or Chinese pirls. The fact that this
! traffic i? confined to Chinese subjects does not
niitifcate t: )e offense against law and decency or
lessen the mural responsibility of the citizens
Of the J-tate. It is also a matter of common
; knowledge that this traffic coulu not continue
i ;! it were not for the connivance <>r assistance
"t unscrupulous attorneys and officers of the
[ law. That the people of the State have not
hitherto crushed out this traffic is a disgrace.
The recent rase of Kirn Quey is an apgra
vated one. Rescued from v Chinese den In
Fan Francisco by the Presbyterian Chinese
Horn*, the girl was arrested last Thursday
ever.lnc on a warrant lftued by Justice Dyer
of Palo Alto on a charge of petty larceny. Miss
Cameron, superintendent Of the home, accom
panied the prisoner to Palo Alto. She refused
to leave the girl,' hoping to regain charge of her
after her trial. In consequence she was lodged
in (all with her.
At 2 a. m., desp'te th» piendinps and protest
of Mis* Cameron, who tsad barricaded the jail ;
df»or. two deputy constables with a pickax
forced their way in. After a stniKKle the pris
oner was forcibly separated fr«'m Miss Cameron
and driven off in a waiting bupgy by cne of the
constables.
The Justice of the Peace and the two Chinese
prosecutors met the constable ar.d his prisoner
on the county road. Th«>re nnd then, at about
2:30 a. m.. court wa« held, f )r. • of the Chinese,
artine a« interpret or. pleaded guilty for the
prisoner, the other paid the fine and the Klrl. on
hrr discharge, was taken away l,v the two Chi-
nese.
Such cases have hitherto been difficult to deal
with on account of th» shrewdness of the of-
fpnrtfrs. Perjury is common an<l money is trwiy
used. The case at Palo Alto seems to lurnish
an opportunity to ;est the methods us<-d by
those <-r,sasTP<l In such practices. The District
Attorney of the cv.unty of Santa Clara has the
matter in hand. Money is needed to employ as
pnr'.af; counsel. A considerable amount lias
r>e"n raided her**. But the honor and Interests
of the whole ?tatt? aro involved. We appeal to
the people of thf- Ftate for financial aid to
probe th!i» matter to the bottom.
iricn^i: Samuel J. Hrun. D. Charles Gardner,
J. g. P'lti'-r. (Justave I.atitnester. C. H. Whlt
tier. J. R. Daly. R F. Hall. R. 11. Schwarzkopf.
nSraS Pi SHI To-day commences the eighth week of our ft-
BHHi sa ' e °* sin 2le2 Ie and doub'e breasted, all wool &*
for $10 I
iil^^^^SP'jja and they are still prime favorites. While FkC
¦d^PraW uh at P resent ' ye are supplied with all sizes, a--
tt&fi^ij&TfSM^ we are beginning to see that a complete Hv;
wiroteaKil^lai^iJ assortment cannot last much longer. |j>
IflTflHJSpS^l If you want one of the suits we advise H; :
HI 1 iL-AwJ Jm N eed we say a word about the excellence g£.
W^^^^^^a of the suits when we have solJ numbers of §£
IJlvC^ ijSiwJvril sure ly ' s the best evidence of the popu- Ej£ |
i(fc^/*^i^fv< There is no time like the present — order S/' |
/ /&^ Out-of-town orders for these suits will be filled care- M.f i
W&&&f/({\ iMLpi^ ful/ y and promptly. Send for self-measuring blank and i*J
||||W^p! 718 Market Street, |^
DR. MEYERS & CO.
MEN ONLY— CONSULTATION FJ»BE.
PRIVATE BOOK. DIAGNOSIS SHEETS.
etc.. free, offlce or mall. Horns cures. Ad-
1731l 731 Market St., S. F.
HOURS— Daily. 9 to 5; Evenings. 7 to S; Sua-
days. 9 to 11. Elevator entrance.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al America!*
N Steamship.
ZULU
(CAPACITY 8000 TONS)
FOB HE DIRECT,
Sailing from San Francisco
intar.lv 21,1900.
Fpeclal rates for freight and Insurance.
Through passenger and freight servlc* tq
Dawaon and all points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STREET.
.<T^I
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.OUR COMMERCIAL INTERESTS.
UPON the issues to be investigated by the Inter
state Commerce Commission during its hea-
ings in this city many of the most important in
terests of the coast depend. It is not too much lo
say that every great industry of this section of the
Union is either directly or indirectly concerned in
them. Freight rates affect industry and commerce as
potently as tariff rates, and unjust discriminations
among shippers or among competing cities work
serious injuries to those that suffer from them."/ It
was just because the railways made such discrimina
tions that the Government was compelled to- establish
The passage of the personnel btV for
the United States navy a year apO. by
which, among other measures, th. engi
neer corps was merged with the me and
thus received a recognition of It? impor
tance, has stirred up the engineer corps
in the British navy, and the tvo princi
pal papers on engineering topic* are giv
ing considerable spa<e to discussion of
the subject. This prejudice et line offi
cers against purely mechan.cal officers
was not confined to one navy alone, but
exists at the present time in those of
Great Britain and Spain anc, no doubt, in
other navies. Some ten -'ears ago the
Spanish Minister of Marine extended to
the engineer officers the rtfht of messing
in the wardroom, but thf/flrst time they
sat down at table the iwe officers arose
and walked out," The prr|udlce never sub-
Bided, and under such conditions great ef
ficiency In the enelne rfom and other me-
It is said that Congress will probably establish in
the South three more national parks — one at Stone
River, Tennessee, one near Atlanta, Ga., and one in
the Wilderness, Virginia. These parks and their
maintenance cost money, and it is probable that if
the South keeps on she will get the price of her
slaves paid in public parks for the enjoyment of her
people and the attraction of tourists.
The Attorney General has gone to Washington, in
spired with a hope that he can collect the back taxes
of the Southern Pacific Company since 1893. Some
body should have provided Mr. Ford with a copy of
"Love's Labor's Lost" before he departed.
The anti-trust law of Texas has been upheld by tha
United States Supreme Court. This ought to give
some encouragement to a scheme to stop the opera
tion of trusts in the Lone Star State.
A San Francisco lecturer declared the other day that
trusts are not to be feared, as they never have been
operated with success. Some charitable person should
awake the gentleman.
William Jennings Bryan, it is announced, wants to
start a national party of his own. It must be one of
those one-man parties of which we have heard so
much. ?
The menace of extensive strikes in the East is
another evidence that as soon as some men wax fat
on prosperity they wish to. kick-
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Cal. glace fruit DOc per tb at Townsend's.*
Improving Each. Shining 1 Hour.
"That little boy seems as busy as
bee."
"Yes, he has hives."— Philadelphia Bul-
letin.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. W. S. Taylor of Llvermore Is at the
Palace.
Judge S. Solon 1101 l of Sacramento Is at
the Grand.
C. H. Shiveley, a banker of Oroville, is
at the Grand.
\V. H. Dittmann. a prominent merchant
of St. Louis, is at the Palace.
Charles Alcock, Liverpool agent of the
Royal Insurance Company, is at the Pal
ace.
J. C. Page, a member of the Chicago
Board of Trade, and his wife are at the
Palace.
Ex-Senator Stephen M. White came up
from Los Angeles yesterday and is at the
Palace.
Miss Olive B. Lee, editor and proprietor
of the Lee Magazine at Dallas, Texas, Is
at the Occidental, accompanied by her
friend, Mrs. L. C. Foxwell of Philadel
phia.
C. A. Brown, a wealthy resident of
Honolulu, is at the Occidental. He has
been spending the winter at Del Monte,
but leaves in a few days for his island
home.
William H. Seaman, Justice of the
United States Court of Appeals for the
Northern District of Illinois, Is at the
Palp.cc, accompanied by his wife and
daughter. Their home is at Sheboygan,
Wis.
destination and will be unveiled July ", the Anniversary of
the day on which Washington assumed command of tho
Continental army. The site, presented by the Municipal
Council of Paris, is on the Place de Jena.
The unveiling of the statue la expected to be one of the
greatest of the international functions that will take
place in Paris during the exposition year. Mr. French will
superintend its erection and will leave New York early
this month for Paris.
A plaster cast of the statue hasp.lso be*n made and -will
be erected on a site outsldo the American Pavilion, where
it will stand throughout the exposition.
the Interstate Commerce Commission and clothe it
with authority to see that justice is done.
The main issue at stake has been raised by the
efforts of commercial and manufacturing houses and
corporations of the large cities of the Mississippi Val
ley to obtain freight rates which will enable them to
exploit the trade of the Pacific Coast at the expense
of the local jobbers and manufacturers. The St. Louis
men ask for differentials which will give them advan
tage over the business men of the Pacific Coast, and
with such persistency have they urged the claim that
it has become a serious menace to our welfare.
It is to be borne in mind that a concession of the
St. Louis claims would in no wise benefit any class
of people on the Pacific Coast. At the present rates
the Mississippi Valley men have^ virtual control of
the trade of the whole Western territory from the
Mississippi River to within about 300 miles of the
ocean. They can deliver goods within the coast dis
trict itself, but with the present differentials can make
no profit on the trade. They seek lower rates, there
fore, not for the purpose of selling their goods any
cheaper to retailers or to consumers but solely for the
purpose of making a p-ofit for themselves.
The contention of the Pacific Coast ports in this
matter is firmly founded upon natural conditions.
These ports having water communication are entitled
to such railway rates as the competition of steamships
and sailing vessels would naturally fix were there no
Governmental or corporation interference to prevent
the free operation of the laws of trade. It is against
these natural rights that St. Louis protests. The mer
chants and manufacturers of that locality wish to have
the Interstate Commerce Commission compel the rail
roads to set aside the geographical advantages of San
Francisco and confer upon St. Louis artificial ones,
which will make the coast territory tributary to St.
Louis trade.
. Should the San Francisco merchants ask the com
mission to establish differentials which would enable
them to deliver goods from this city at Omaha more
cheaply than they could be delivered from St. Louis;
should they ask for freight rates which would place
the whole Oriental trade of the country in the hands
of Pacific Coast ports and enable our merchants to
distribute the entire tea trade of the Union and deliver
tea in small lots at Dubuque more cheaply than it
could be distributed from Chicago, the Mississippi
Valley men would then have a realizing sense of the
injustice of their present claims. They would then
perceive that for one city to ask the Government to
give it advantage over another city in the territory of
that city without consideration of geographical rela
tions would be an attempt to make an unfair use of
Governmental authority. Yet St. Louis is asking just
that sort of advantage against the local manufacturers
and jobbers of the Pacific Coast. It is an effort at
unfair aggression which we believe the Commerce
Commission can be relied on to defeat.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
It. was recently proposed In the French
chamber to appropriate J200.000 for the
purpose of creating a naval force in the
north of Africa from the natlva flsber-
Fcrto Rico asks for justice, but Congress prefers
to £ivc her charity. If is always pleasanter and easier
to be generous than to be fair.
Frick rind Carnegie have settled their differences.
And it did seem for a while that the fates were with
the public.
TAILOR-MADE COSTUME.
The costume represented is of beige
cloth, tailor made. The jacket, which is
moderately long, is cut in square indenta
tions at the bottom, is double-breasted
and has lapels ornamented with black
velvet ribbon. The epaulets are of braided
cloth. 'The tunic Is cut in unequal square
ends: the lower part of the skirt is of
braided cloth with a stitched band round
the edge. ' -•¦¦-'¦"':.:¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
indicatesinsufficicnt nourish-
ment. It leads to nervousness,
sleeplessness, general debil-
ity, and predisposes to Con-
sumption and other prevail-
ing diseases. To guard
against these take
£tHl&6mtifeicTL
the Standard remedy for
all wasting diseases in young
or old. It improves diges-
tion, gives flesh, strength,
vigor and resistive power.
rrvw,!"*' aml f'">< ¦!! drurglsti
A com;>li;-tlon of dates from the year
41S to3SH indicates that Japan must ex-
pect a Jestructive earthquake about ones
in two and a half years.
Personally Conducted Excursion*
In Improved wi>Je-ve»tlhule.i Pullman tourist
Jiecplnjc cars via Fe route. K*r>erlence<l
excursion conductors accompany these excur-
sions to look n't^r the welfare of passengers.
To Chicaeo B'-d Kansas City every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To IJoston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Paul every Sundny and
Friday. T.sket office, 62S M.irket street.
Ghost of tho Glacier.
And Other Tales, lnrlmllntr Making a RernlTi..
tion, Su^quehar.na Trail. Sculpture of th» Elfs.
Onoe a Pillar of the AVorM. Feathers of Fash-
ion, and rthfrs. A delightful volume, beauti-
fully Illustrated Ready for distribution about
Hay T. Send 10 cents to T. W. Lee. General
Passenger Ag^nt, Lnrtiwanr.a Railroad. C<s Ex-
change Place, New Y. rk City. Edition Lirr.itea.
Printing-. eTigTavlnjr. dle-s!nklnpr. stamp-
ing- and embosslr.gr done in our stationery
department. New presses, fine papers and
every thins first elan and at moderata
prlct-8. Sar.born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market. •
It Is stated that In the TTnlted State*
army there are 800 commissioned officer^
who have risen from the ranks.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by thu
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 ilont-.
gemery street. Telephone Main l!)C •
men of Algeria and Tunis. This force
was to be organized partly by conscrip
tion and partly by voluntary recruiting.
The proposition did not meet with tho ap
proval of the Minister of Marine, and was
referred to committee.
During the beginning of February last
there were at one time no less than thirty
one foreign warships In Hongkong harbor.
The nationalities represented were: Great
Britain, 16 vessels; United States. 9, and
1 each under the flags of Austria, Den
mark, France, Germany, Portugal and
Russia. The presence of this fleet, man
ned with not less than 'JOOO men. is cal
culated to make business lively at that
port.
A serious naval scandal was exposed
last month In. the French chamber. M.
George Berry, a Deputy, charged that one
Philipp, an employe of the Ministry of
Marine, had recently offered to sell cer
tain documents to the British Embassa
dor for 25,000 francs. He further charged
that there existed at the Ministry of Ma
rine a little band that was renewing the
customs of pirates and wreckers, and he
related how a certain man had been
robbed in a money transaction by several
high officials. M. de Lanessau expressed
surprise at the disclosures, and promised
that the guilty parties would be pun
ished.
A European nautical writer. F. T.
Jane, has conceived a system of classifi
cation of ships of war which is rather in
teresting. There Is no fixed rule estab
lishing the relative merits of war vessels,
but Mr. Jane's system appears to be less
speculative than others suggested by
noted naval experts. He divides the fight
ing ships, exclusive of torpedo-boat de
stroyers, torpedo boats and other special
craft, into seven rates, the first of which
is, of course, the battleship. The superi
ority of the latter is gauged by the follow
ing requisites:
1. Its vitals so protected that no projec
tile stands much chance of reaching
them, even at close range.
2. Main armor must consist of the most
powerful armor-piercing gun*, not to be
put out of action by small shell.
3. Secondary battery to be well pro
tected and powerful.
4 % Ships must be generally able to beat
down the fire of a ship in a lower class.
The writer then affixes certain compara
tive values to guns of different calibers,
¦and sums up his findings of the relative
number of the seven rate war vessels of
Great Britain, France, Germany and Rus
sia, as follows:
From a Photograph of the Copy in Plaster.
char.leal departments was out of the ques
tion and contributed to the apparent neg
lect and consequent destruction of tha
Spanish squadron two years ago. Enpl
necring' relates that Sir Anthony Hosklr.s
considered that a Lascar with a bottle of,
oil was a fair example of what was need
ed for a naval engineer. Lord. Goshen.
who twenty years ago spoke in Parlia
ment in behalf of th*> engineers, has evi
dently changed his views since he has be
come First Lord of the Admiralty, for ho
hold? out no encouragement toward plac
ing the naval engineers on a footing with,
the executive cr line branch, and the- con
dition of the engineer corps in the British
navy Is less tolerable than It was In our
navy cno year ago.
HEROIC STATUE OF WASHLXGTOX.
THE CURED FRUIT COMBINE.
I \EPORTS concerning the movement for the or-
I — / ganization of a co-operative union among the
producers and packers of cured fruits are to
the effect that orchardists representing upward of
31,000 acres of prunes have signed the agreement, and
it is estimated that this assures to the association
control of about 75 per cent of the expected crop.
That amount, however, it appears, is: not sufficient
to assure the co-operation of the packers with the
giowers, and consequently efforts are now being
made to bring into the association such an additional
number of producers us will give it control of 90 per
cent of the crop.
From the tendencies of trade in these days it is a
plain conclusion that unless the cured-fruit men can
co-operate to protect their industry it will suffer spo
liation from half a dozen different sources. Evidence
submitted at the hearings of the Interstate Commerce
Commission at Los Angeles confirms all the stories
told of railway combines to raise rates on fruit ship
ments, of special privileges granted by railway com
panies to the owners of cars prepared for hauling
fruit, of rebates conceded to middlemen and of other
rebates conceded by middlemen to big shippers.
These combinations to extort undue profits from the
fruit producer have their machinery working at the
home market itself, while at the other end of the line
are further combines of commission men and large
dealers who also wait to get a share of the spoils.
As a result of these combinations and their compe
tition in selling the fruit to the retailer, the cured
fruit market is subject to such fluctuations that retail
ers hesitate to lay in any considerable stock of goods,
for fear the price may fall after they have bought. As
they have no large stock, they have no interest in
pushing the goods upon the market or extending
their use among consumers. Thus there are the double
evils of a cinch at one end of the line and apathy at
the other end to prevent the fruit-growers and curers
from obtaining their due share of the value of their
product.
That some of the expectations of the co-operative
movement are ovcrsanguine is not to be doubted.
The increase in the price of raisins last season, for
example, has been attributed wholly to the effect of
the organization of a co-operative union among rai
sin. men. and no allowance has been made for the fact
that with the return of prosperity following the years
of depression all sorts of products rose in price, and
that the prices of raisins would have advanced with
the rest had there been no combination. None the
less the organization served and serves a good pur
pose. It may be stated as a safe proposition that even
if co-operative unions do not raise the price of an
article to the consumer by the slightest degree, they
yet benefit the producer by enabling him to get a
better proportion of the price than he would other
wise.
The curcd-fruit men of the Pacific Coast are be
tween the devil of cinch combines at home and the
deep sea of a comparatively inactive market in the
East. By co-operation they can overcome both of
these evils. They can make themselves sufficiently
strong to obtain favorable rates from the railroads just
as other big shippers do, and by giving stability to
the market they will encourage retailers to purchase
larger stocks of goods and introduce them to an in
creasing number of consumers. The issue is before
the fruit men and cannot be evaded. It is co-opera
tion now, or a demoralized fruit market this fall.
A PLEA FOR SEA GULLS.
WHEN fashion decreed that all fair dames and
maidens should wear ostrich feathers in their
hats she conferred something of a benefit on
the world, because the demand for such feathers set a
considerable number of persons to breeding and rais
ing ostriches. Thus there sprang into existence a
new industry and a breed of birds once in danger of
extinction became carefully guarded and protected.
Fashion has now changed her decree and ordained
the use of a different style of feather for the decoration
cf feminine headwear and this time her orders arc the
very opposite of beneficial. The feathers now in use
are obtained, it appears, very largely from sea gulh.
These birds arc so numerous it is not worth while to
raise them for their feathers and consequently they are
being slaughtered by the wholesale.
So extensively have the birds been killed along the
Atlantic Coast that the American Ornithologists'
Union has found it necessary to issue a note of warn
ing against the practice. It says:
"This country is on the verge of losing forever one
of the main features of its sea coast charms — the sea
birds themselves. In fact, the terns, the most ex
quisite of the gull family, and which formerly
thronged our whole coast, have been so nearly wiped
out by agents of the milliners that this year's on
slaught, already fully organized, will glean almost the
last pair from the few small breeding colonies which
remain, wherever these are unprotected. And the
larger gulls, which are not only very beautiful, but
absolutely essential as harbor scavengers, are also
being decimated for the same purpose."
The report goes on to direct attention to the fact
that the breeding season is approaching and that the
chances are, unless some protection be afforded, the
more beautifully feathered gulls, and particularly the
terns, arc liable to be slaughtered as fast as they arrive
at their nesting places. The law, which in many
States forbids the killing of gulls, is not enforced with
sufficient vigilance at present to protect birds whose
feathers have now become valuable and the Ornitholo
gists' Union appeals for money to defray the expense
of providing protection until a new fashion in feathers
is established.
As the gulls are the scavengers of our sea ports
their loss would result in a serious menace to public
health. The issue, it will be seen, is one of consider
able importance. So long as fashion demands gull
feathers the girls will have them and milliners must
get them. No complaint has thus far been heard of
gull-killing on this coast, but if it be stopped in the
East and the demand for the feathers continue, it will
not be long before a supply will be sought for from
this side the continent. It will be well therefore for
our authorities to be watchful. We have lots of sea
gulls, but have none to spare.
MORE LIFE TO BUSINESS
XRADE shows more animation, and the lethargy
of the past few weeks seems to be passing away.
The loss in bank clearings last week was only
3.8 per cent, and all the largest cities, except New
York and Boston, showed a gain, a condition which
has not prevailed for over a month. But the failures
continued to exhibit an increase, those for the week
being 203, against 194 for the same week last year.
There seems to be more leaven in commerce. Prices
are fluctuating more, and there is a disposition to oper
ate. Provisions continue to advance, and it must not
be forgotten that a rise in provisions is very apt to be
followed by increased activity in general trade.
Leather, which declined in February, has regained
tone, and is higher, though the advance has restricted
the movement in boots and shoes. The decline in
....
r.iaes is less pronounced, and from several points
come reports of a steadier feeling. Iron has ceased to
boom, and is growing weaker, as the production has
at last caught up with the consumption, and is even
exceeding it in some descriptions. Hence the down
ward tendency in quotations. Cotton, too, which has
been very active of late, has quieted down, though
m2tiy of the mills are still sold ahead. Wool is dull
:n all positions, and the woolen goods trade is re
ported quieter, with lower quotations for some kinds.
Wheat is kept trembling on the verge of an alternate
advance and decline, but the latter condition would
probably prevail were it not for the strength in corn,
which has been in sharp export demand for some
time, and the rise in provisions, which imparts sym
pathetic speculative firmness to wheat. The French
crop is reported seriously damaged, the deficiency
from last year being estimated at 64,000,000 bushels,
but this source of strength is offset by continued
heavy shipments from the Argentine, so prices hover
shout the same old point, being firmer one day and
weaker the next. Dry goods are quiet, the whole
sale spring demand having been satisfied, and mer
chants are waiting for assortment orders from the
ictailers. Dealers in carpets and upholstery, both
luxuries, report large orders on their books. The
lumber trade, on the contrary, reports an accumula
tion of stock in some markets, and this staple shows
less firmness than for some time.
The feeling in Wall street is better. .The new cur
rency bill is increasing the circulation, and the Treas
ury Department is predicting a reduction in war
t?.xes. as the revenue receipts are running ahead of
the expenditures, and the army and navy bills arc
much smaller. Another firm condition is the renewed
buying of American securities by London, though
railroads are preferred to industrials, which are dull
and rather weak than otherwise. But prices do not
rise much under this improved feeling in the street,
as it i<- noticed that any increased buying demand is
immediately met by free offerings of stock on the
part of holders who have become tired and wish to
realize. J
The only feature in the local market is the need of
rain. Continued fine weather, accompanied now and
thrn by drying north winds, has' hardened the surface
of the soil, and the farmers are again wanting rain.
Thus far there is no serious inconvenience, except
in the i-outhern pan of the State, but showers from
now on will be necessary to produce those enormous
crops -.vhich everybody is looking for. The jicld of
fruit still promises to be immense, as there have been
no frosts thus far. and tree fruits are getting pretty
far advanced to be hurt by an ordinary frost, though
the danger period for grapes is still to come. The
plane of prices for canners' fruits this year will be
watched with anxiety by fruit-growers, as the canners'
combine i- now in full blast, and its effect on prices
is regarded with general apprehension by the farmers.
Sr.n Francisco fruit merchants say that if the combine
breaks down prices to a very low point the fruit
growers in a number of large districts will be obliged,
in self-preservation, to start co-operayve canneries on
their own account, which would be a fine thing for
the fruit industry of California. Oppression breeds
mi itir.ee, but thus far there has been no oppression
The forger who robbed the United States Govern
ment out of thousands of dollars is back among us
wWi a congratulation that he gave his pursuers a
long chase. If he rinds satisfaction in that fact he
must contemplate a long term in prison with posi
tive glee.
The Police Department has begun a raid on the
dives and pitfalls of the city. It will be interesting
to observe at what particular point the crusade will
stop.
A REVISION OF WAR TAXES.
y\yl ORE than ordinarily gratifying is the report
/ \ from the special correspondent of The Call
fy at Washington that there is a prospect Con
gress may undertake a revision of the war tax at this
session. A short time ago, when The Call directed
the attention of California Congressmen to their
pledge to urge revision in the direction of putting:
an end to the ambiguities by which the express com
panies shirked their taxes upon the public, it was
announced that nothing could be expected in the way
of such legislation at this time, as Congress would
not have time to revise the law.
/-\ '«*¦¦¦
Uur correspondent now reports that Representa
tive Levy of New York, who has introduced a bill
proposing a general reduction of the war tax. has had
a conference with the President on the subject and
has found him so favorable to the bill that it may yet
be taken up as an administration measure.
The President is quoted as saying he is in favor of
a reduction in war taxes and the only question in his
mind is whether it would be good policy at the pres
ent time. He is afraid that it might affect the business
interests of the country. If he thought the business
interests of the country would not be disturbed by the
recommending of a reduction at this time he would
do so. Otherwise he would wait until after the elec
tion. The report adds that Republican leaders in
Congress are not prepared to announce what their
policy will be in dealing with this issue, which has
been so suddenly raised by yesterday's Cabinet meet
ing, but they will be forced to decide upon a definite
course in the near future.
Even with the backing of the administration, the
chances of bringing about a general revision of the
war revenue act at this session may be slight, but it
will be worth while to make the best and utmost
use of them, and Congressmen from this State should
cordially co-operate with Mr. Levy in urging the
movement. Any bill which opens the reve""* net
for discussion and revision will give an opportunity
for correcting those seeming detects of language
which have enable the express companies to shirk
taxes, evade the law. defy the courts and mock at the
people ever since the act went into force. It is more
over an issue that should be taken up before the com
ing election. A wrong should be remedied as soon
as it has been discovered, and there never will be a
better time to remedy this particular wrong than
right now.
THE SAtf FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APBIL 2, 1900.
GIFT OF AMERICAN WOMEN
TO THE PARIS EXPOSITION
MONDAY APRIL 2. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S.'LEAKE. Manager.
I*IBLICATIO.\ ORPICI3.. Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main IS(U4.
EDITORIAL ROOMS. . ..717 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 15 Centn Per Weelc
Single Copies. S Cent*.
Term* by- .Mull. Including rontaset
PAII.T CALL on-ludln* Funday). one year J* <*>
r>AII>Y CALL (including Sunday). 6 months S-Oo
PAILT CALL including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
JIAILY CALL— Uy Single Month «5c
Ft'KDAT CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 100
All poitmwtrn nre anthorlied to receive
¦ abaerlptlona.
Sample eople* will be forwarded when requeued.
OAKLAXD OFFICE '. .HIS Uroadwoy
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Bu.lsing, Chicago.
KEtV YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
XETW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN 3. SMITH "_ 30 Tribune Buidirg
CHICAGO NEWS PTA>T>S:
Sherman Hoone: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House.; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
XTaJiorf-Aitorta Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square;
Munv Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE We!lingt:n Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
AMUSEMENTS.
TSvr.'i— --Manila Bound."
Graad Op^ra-houw — "Th* B*gg»r StudTt."
California— - 'On th* Suwane* lUv*r."
«aJlfornla— Paderewi«kl this aXterooem.
<V>!un-.bie— "Mr. Smooth."
Fischer's Concert House— "Faust."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville even' aftemo-m and
evening.
Olynpla. corner of Mas^n and Ed<sy rtreets— Specialties.
Oakland I!a<-e Track— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By T. Ma4iffftn— Monday, April 5. at 11 o'rlocW. Horses, at
JCS Market «tr*et.
By S. \Yatk-ln»— Tuee-Jay. April >, at 11 o'clock, Horee*. at
4
FRANCE expressed her friendship for America by
the gift of Bartholdl's Statue of liberty; the
women of the United States have reciprocated by
presenting to the people of the French republic a
statue of George Washington, the father of liberty.
The statue, of heroic pize, is the work of Daniel Chester
French of New York and Edward C. Potter of Enfleld.
Mass. French modeled the figure of Washington and his
fellow-worker the horse. The monument has been cast in,
bronzo and was one of the largest castings of its kind
ever made In this country. It is now on its way to it 3
I England. |
I France, [i
iGern
nanyl
I Rusi
>sla.
I |
RATE. r S:
•j
3 S
c c_
r —
• 3
:
|
|
c
: ! :
1 13 14
2 12 10
3 10 4
4 42 0
5 25 0
« E3 0
7 23 2
4 0
14 10
15 4
24 1
7 0
11 0
o
13
1 9
2
13
1
0
0
0
2
{
i\
I i
i I
It
Total., j 184 ) 30 I
rairr
luTl
1 io r
r*,
I 21
I England. |
I France, [i
iGern
nanyl
I Rusi
>sla.
I |
RATE. r S:
•j
3 S
c c_
r —
• 3
:
|
|
c
: ! :
1 13 14
2 12 10
3 10 4
4 42 0
5 25 0
« E3 0
7 23 2
4 0
14 10
15 4
24 1
7 0
11 0
o
13
1 9
2
13
1
0
0
0
2
{
i\
I i
i I
It
Total., j 184 ) 30 I
rairr
luTl
1 io r
r*,
I 21Dr.PIERCE'S }
€£€&)!.!siEf^
MEDICAL
DBSCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD. LBVER.LUMGS:
CLAIMS HE ACTED
IN SELF-DEFENSE
Blake Franklin's Reason for Attack
ing Mrs. Parmentier and Her
Two Daughters.
Blake Franklin, who was arrested on
Saturday night on a charge of assault to
do great bodily harm upon Louisa Par
mentler. 3C9 Jones street, does not con
sider that he did -wrong In striking tha
woman, and claims that he acted in self
defense. Friends of Franklin called upon
Judge Conlan yesterday to intercede for
him, but the Judge was deaf to entreaties,
and fixed his bonds in JlOOO.
"Mrs. Parmentler." said Franklin yes
terday, "always has a row with a boarder
who is leaving, as I will be able to prove.
She first took possession of my hat. and
then took the hat of my friend, thinking
It was also mine. I tried to take It from
her, and she struck at me wtth a fire
shovel. Her daughter Louisa attacked mo
from the rear and her other daughter
helped her mother In front. You see. I
had to defend myself against three in
furiated Frenchwomen, und it was no
Joke."
A friend of Franklin who used to beard
in the house told Judse Con Jan that he
narrowly missed getting Into a similar
scrape but he got out of it by paying a
month 3 rent 4n advance and clearing
out.
Bound !
Thif Kvr.ir.c Cwni'm*? the FKrOXH WEEK.
U r ar the Tnpical Ponfrs. Purts. Trios, etc.
And Above All. P^n't M!fs the
. 'GREAT PATRIOTIC FINALE"
An.l tfc* Superb
-HOOT iION GOLK RALLET.' 1
Evtciass at S. Matinee Saturday at I.
Popular Pri:es. ... .25 and 50 Cents
Telephone Bush S.
INEJK-r VUfZEK —
•'THE BOHEMIAN GIRL"
Ar.-I Then, on April 16th,
"THE WIZARD OF THE N?LF."
yl€ApfP house
THONE MAIN 122.
T.A?T FIVE NIGHTS OF THE SEASON
TheBEGGARSTUDENT
RATURDAT AFTERNOON
F.irhard Walton Tully's LauEbabl» Farce
"JAMES U'OBEItTH. I. B. R . nOFTOX."
Char^cf-i s by (Student* of tfte Univereity of
California.
L'VUAL POPULAR PRICES.
¦ O'--wj T>**tv*& S^at In Orchestra at All
Krsuirh T:<-k»t Office — Emjyjrlum.
El M -A i AFTI.RNnrtX and EVENING N HVT,
•Unfflcwt Production cf Pa!m«r Oox's
BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND.
Earne Cart anl Frwclalti>s as Hwently Given
at th» California Tbfatre.
A NEW BILL ~OF HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTIES!
aiATTBETTS AND HARRIS; HARRY
COGILL zz»i MAY AI'.LKA;
EAHLE an-i SHEPHERD;
CARRIE IiEUR;
KENO. WELCH and UELROSE;
LONET HABKELL; W. C. FIELDS;
A. L. GriLLE;
CHARLES SWEET.
nPF*rv«"! Prat*, rsc: Balcony, 10c; Opera
.C.'.iLlTB axii Box Soata, 60c.
Ma •. i r.pf » V.v i r.<«d a y. Saturday and Sunday.
— EITCOND -:- AND -:-*LAST -:- WEEK
Smyth ar.d P.ice rr»spnt Comedian
jgjjgjg^ IA/ILLIE
Ibp^ COLLIER
N- ?/. / :n * hip own new
\6^~ FARCE.
"4w&** smooth
THTZ COMJTDY HIT OF THE SEASON.
Next Monday
WESTS •:- BIG -:- MINSTREL -:- JUBILEE.
MJtt^r H IE/VT R t^iT
TONIGHT I S^s sharp.
Ma«Ejve Production
80 PEOPLE ON THE STAGE.
8-CREAT SCENES-8
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
CHERRY SISTERS; THE KRAMERS: TJir
COTLOBS: ANN FLETCHER: EDNA
THORN': OP.O AND GERALD; MLLE. AT-
LANTIS; XEW MOVING PICTURES.
THURSDAY NIGHT—
'Hoot Mon" and the Amatenrs.
Saturday Night, Cakewalk Contest!
6«>ats by Telephone, Park 23.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
«
If you do not already knov/ the Intrinsic merits of g
ELECTROZONE watch date in the Call when a sample §
bottle will be given absolutely free. ELECTROZONE |
preparations are standard remedies that should be in %
every home. ELECTROZONE is curing the worst cases S
of stomach, kidney and bladder trouble, rheumatism, %
catarrh and blood diseases when all else failed. '%
ELECTROZONE Is life. ELECTROZONE is curing others; $
ELECTROZONE wi(l cure you. " Ask your druggist for §
ELECTROZONE— price $1 a bottie. Watch date for |
free sample bottle. g
Bf* ss Esss***~idae«a?§- STOMACH -~iiiS££^ =^~-* afc * 31 *S s
gSTOMACH rfjifeSS KIDNEYS^MMgr*^- DYSPEPSIA § S
A REMEDY that stands on its intrinsic merits; A g
REMEDY that has few equals; A REMEDY that is not a g
cure-all, but a specific in its field; A REMEDY that §
every person who takes recommends; A REMEDY that |
contains the elements of life; A REMEDY that should §
be in every home; A REMEDY that will build up the j&
entire system. The preparations ELECTROZONE are . §
preparations for every home; for young and old, as g
good as gold; a king for men, a woman's triend; it's s
for the sick and will cure you quick. S
Take no substitute; insist on ELECTROZONE. See add. in ?;
yesterday's Call. Watch, date for free . sample. Sold only S
through the legitimate business channels. ALL. DRUGGISTS. g
fei. -_-_-_- _-.-_¦_-:-.!.-.-_-.-.-_-.-_-.-.-.-'.--.-.-, Bag %
Severed His Windpipe.
M. Ohara, a Japanese, living on Powell
street, between Washington and Clay
streets, while in a despondent mood yes
terday afternoon cut his throat with a
razor, severing his windpipe. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the wound was stitched and dressed. He
will probably recover.
AMUSEMENTS.
mILES T. BAIRD, a brave j'oung
soldier who won his spurs in the
Philippines, and Miss Ruth Es
telle Jackson, a very beautiful
and accomplished society girl of this city,
were united in marriage in the Church of
Notre Dame dcs Victoires on Saturday
afternoon. The ceremony was witnessed
by only the immediate relatives of the
contracting couple.
A tinge of romance attaches to tho
courtship of the young couple, which
dates back to the outbreak of the war
with Spain, when young Baird and his
brother, fired with tne patriotism of
youth, enlisted in the army that was sent
to conquer the Spaniards in the Philip
pines. Miles entered the Fourteenth Reg
ular Infantry and his brother enlisted in
the First California Volunteers, and both
saw service at the front. When Miles left
San Francisco he carried in his keeping
the heart of Miss Jackson and the deter
mination to make' himself a worthy cus
todian. When the opportunity came for
the young soldier to show his mettle he
proved himself a hero.
One night tho men of the Fourteenth In
fantry were lying at Pasay and could
hoar the guns of the Washington Volun
teers, who were at San Pedro Macati, on
the Pasl£ River, ihe regulars were told
lo keep their positions, but during the
night daring squads crossed to the firing
line and there discovered that the volun
teers, who were armed with Springflelds,
were suffering l'roni the lire of the Fili
hino BnarpautiOters, who were armod with
Mausers. On thc-ir return to their com
mand the regulars told their story. Miles
and two comrades then slipped away with
out orders and joined the volunteers. The
following morning' the colonel of the
Washingtonians called for volunteers to
cross the Paslg River and dislodge the
sharpshooters. Miles Baird and his com
rades volunteered and were chosen to do
the datigeroua task. While crossinp in a
canoe they were under constant fire, and
when half way over the boat capsized.
Baird is an excellent swimmer and was in
¦— f i.;:t 0.....pp ti""Ht one of his com
panions was likely to drown, he swam to
him and helped bring him ashore. But
for the fact that Baird and his compan
ions had left camp without orders they
would have been mentioned in general or
ders. As it was all v/ere highly rora
mended for their daring, especially Miles,
who pro%*ed doubly a hero.
The engagement that long existed be
tween the young couple was not to have
terminated in marriage for another
month, but owing to the groom being
called East on urgent business it was de
cided by their parents to have the mar
riage celebrated immediately so that the
couple could enjoy a honeymoon on the
trip. They will leave to-day for New
York and will be gone three months and
on their return will take up their resi
dence in this city.
The bride is a daughter of a well-known
capitalist of Los Angeles. She Is a grad
uate of the local High School and finished
her education in Miss West's academy.
She is quite a favorite in society. The
groom is the son of Mrs. V. C. Baird of
2513 Pacific avenue.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
EARLY PARTY ORGANIZATION.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ~
VALOR AND BEAUTY
UNITED IN MARRIAGE
Metal rustic Initials or names stamped
in gold leaf free of charge on all leather
goods purchased at Sanborn, Vail ft Co.' a,
711 Market street. •
Watts Surrenders.
FRESNO. April I.— Jack Watts, the
Indian who wounded his wife and killed
another woman last Sunday, arrived at
the Jail late last nicrht and surrendered
himself to the Sheriff. He brought a let
ter of introduction to the Sheriff. Ho
frankly admitted the murder, sayine the
squaw he had killed "meddled" with hia
domestic affairs. He declared he had
swapped a pony for his wife and consid
ered that he was her sole master. H«»
wounded his wife to teach a lesson ! of
obedience. Watts does not realize tha
enormity of his crime.
RACING! RAONG! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
MARCH M to APIUL 7, INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE THACK.
Racing Monduy, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or thine.
Five or more races each day.
Race* etart at 1:15 p. m. sharp.
Kerry -boats leave San Krnnclsco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and S p. m.. connecting
with trattß stopping at the entrance to lha
track. Laet two cars on train reserved for la-
dles and ibelr escorts; no emokinK. Buy your
ferry tickets to Knell Mound. All trains via
Oakland m^Je connect with San Pahlo avenue
electric car* «t Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
!and. Also all trains via A lamed* mo'c con-
nect with Sa* Publo avenue cars at Fourteenth
mnd Rrcadwiy. Oakland. These electric carj
to direct to tw track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— "Trains leave the track at 4:16 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the lart race.
THOMAS X, WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary-
CHANGES TO BE MADE
IN THE POLICE FORCE
The roliee Pension Commissioners will
hold their first regular quarterly meeting
this afternoon, when Captain Bohen of
the detective department, as foreshad
owed ln ( last Monday's Call, will be re
tired. It was reported that Captain Dun
levy of the Hnrbor district would also be
retired," but Chief Sullivan is authority
for the statement that there is no truth
in tho report. It is belived, however, that
other members of the department who are
on the eligible list will also be retired
this afternoon. -¦ \
It is generally conceded that Captain
Seymour, now in charge of the City Pris
on, will be promoted to the vacancy
caused by the retirement of Bohen, and
that Lieutenant Esola will be made a
captain to succeed Seymour in the prison.
That will leave a lieutenancy for some
sergeant, and a number are already can
vassing for the job. , '¦''- ¦¦¦„.
As soon as the new head of the de
tective department takes command there
will be a shaking up in the "upper office,"
but who will be retired to the ranks and
who promoted Is a matter of conjecture.
The Chief's "Order No. 3" will remove all
doubt and anxiety for those concerned.
OTSCHER'S
CONCERT HOUSE *>*&
t2S-124 OTARHELL ST.
K. A. FISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOO.SER Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall in America.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
THIRD ACT FROM "FAUST"
IN ALL-STAR CAST.
COMJ-; WHEN YOU PLEASE.
£:00. August Hinrichs' cupcrb orchestra: 5:27.
S?nor Vars«s: 8:45, J-'ignonna I'oiltttini; 9:12.
Mtnorlna Burducci: <»:i;, Sljrnor Napoleone;
S:3O. Kalvini: '.'is.-,. Sißnor Badaracco: 10:00, Sig--
norita Puert-rl; 10:55. duet. Salvinl and Vargas;
11:05 to 11:0". •THUst."
In Preparation— "La Boheme."
ADMISSION 10 cents
AMUSEMENTS.
ANOTHER I A GREAT
HIT! I HIT!
"On the Suwanee River"
CHARMS- DELIGHTS— KNTHVSES
40O'» PEOPLE YKSTKRDAY.
A Bpautiful Play of the Sunny South,
YOU WILL LIKE IT.
YOU CAN'T HELP IT.
MONDAY NIGIIT. April 9.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Incomparable Company.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:39.
A New Programme.
Reserved Seats— Jl 69, %2, %3. 14.
BTEIXWAT PIANO USED.
PSppP WONDERFUL
t# X TRUSS. '
RLJF»TURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"M&enrtlc mastic Truss' Dr. Pierce Kave to
the public the mo»t remarkable remedy ever
illfcsvered for the successful treatment of. Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of surferers have
I been permanently relieved and radically CURED
; by this »rreat appliance, and thousands of ethers
I ere now en the road to complete recovery. This
Tru™ Is different from al! others. It does the
work!
You can cet our "'BOOKLET No. I" by call-
Inir at th<» office, or It will be s«mt on receipt of
• i-rmt etamp. It tells all about this Trusa.
A<l'"'ress.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
VXU Market fctreet (Opposite Palace Hotel).
Kaetrrn Office— New York City.
SUFFERING COPS
REQUIRE POROUS
PLASTERS QUICK
New Exercise Regulations
Are Rapidly Making
Wrecks of Them.
THE almost constant drilling of the
members of the Police Department
in order to ceduce their avoirdupois
and incidentally to build up their
wasted muscles has resulted in a
number of them being laid up for repairs.
Realizing that if the drilling continued
there would not be over a half-dozen men
left to partol the classic precincts south
of the slot, Sergeant Michael Joseph Con
boy of the Southern Station is seriously
thinking of appealing to the Humane So
ciety to call a halt.
The men are forced to drill In a cold
corridor in tho lower floor of the City
Hall, where the wind on a March day
sings a requiem to the policemen who
have laid down their lives in the perform
ance of their duties. Stripped to their
waists, big and little, fat and slender
"coppers" almost daily are lined up in the
cheerless corridor and put through a se
ries af calisthenics in .order to "strengthen
their muscles" and "re/luce their girths."
No deaths from the violent exercise have
yet been reported, but if the drills con
tinue, so says Michael Joseph Conboy,
many may be expected.
In several instances, however, the drill
ing of the men has resulted in reducing
the corpulency of the heavy-weights of
the department. Sergeant Barney Mc-
Manus, whose sun-kissed whiskers have
stirred more than one south of Market
street servant girl, is confident of getting
down to weight before long. He now
weighs only 250 pounds, two pounds less
than he weighed before he took his first
lesson In police calisthenics, which was
about a month ago. "Barney" is quite
hopeful, and says that when he loses some
of his rotundity he will challenge "Par
son" Bean to a bout with or without the
gloves.
Patrolman Knight, who prides himself
on being the heaviest man in tho depart
ment, has lost three pounds, and hopes to
lose more. Formerly he wore a ''nine
teen" collar, but he can now easily wear
one of eighteen, and three-quarter inches.
His bills for shirts have amounted to
about half his salary, as he Is compelled
to throw away his linen at the conclusion
of each drill. "Scotty" Campbell declares
that Knight is taking anti-fat medicine
and trying to make It appear that the
daily exercise through which he is put is
responsible for his "great" loss of
weight.
To-day a committee of policemen will
wait on Chief Sullivan and endeavor to
induce him to set aside a certain amount
of money to be used in purchasing porous
plasters and cough mixture for the "cop
pers" who have contracted colds while
engaged in the drills. If their wishes are
not granted they intend to appeal to the
Supervisors for relief.
M. E. Smith. C. Salto. J. Tullock.
Dr. Walter Thorne of the Harbor Hos
pital staff paid his old friends at the front
a visit yesterday. While boarding a Mar
ket-street car Dr. Thorne injured his shin
so seriously that for seven weeks he has
been in the Waldeek Sanitarium. He" Is
now able to be about again, but It will be
a month before he can resume practice.
mend, however, and his friends expect to
see him around again in a few days.
The mail steamer China Is still held in
quarantine. The mail came ashore yes
terday afternoon and the cabin passen
gers will be landed to-day. Those in the
cabin are:
I'rofepsor A. Acassiz, Or. and Mrs. H. It.
faurlirht. YuTuen Chal and wife. Miss L. D.
Greene. Mrs. H. I>. Hepburn, O. Matouhata, C.
H MorJlc'Kev, and Mrs. A. Pleters and four
children. U. Harr.seces, Rev. and Mrs. \V. X
Soo'hill. Mr. »nd Mrs. F. P. Sharp, Mrs. V.
Turnpaiißh, Mrs. I)e IJeprler. Mrs. J. C. Day-
Iwon. Mrs. O. C. Holterton. CaDtaln H. (.'.
Hain<*. Miss J. P. Mann and maid. Lieutenant
Commander anil Mrs. J. A. Xorrls, Rev. and
Mrs. J. B. Smith and six "hlldren. Miss TV H.
Sn>lth. S. Supivr.ma. C. Schuetee. Miss C. T.
Thomson N. S. Clark,! .Tamps Crulhank, J. K.
Pavison. O. O. I/>?lie. Dr. \V. O. Mayer. Miss
* "f* I \i O [|_ I &
BBW lira D *
JUST TVTIAT THE PLTSLIC WANTS!
The Merry. Funny and Musical Extravaganza,
Manila
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
»tato conventions had been the medtuin
for framing tbc State constitutions and
for the ratification of the Federal consti
tution and were familiar to the citizens.
I ho- early Stat>- nominating conventions
for selecting candidates for Governor and
Lieutenant Governor, though often trrejfu
ar!y constituted, were in some instances
regularly called and were made up of
aelegates chost-n by the party voters in
the counties. In others they were com
posed of a small number of party leaders
from ilifferent parts of the State. Th«
irst State convention which can be called
"regular" seems to have been held in
H:irri.»KiiTT» !->:» In 17SH
The Legislative Caucus.
But the difficulties and expense of travel
were perhaps the chief cause of a grad
ual change in the management of both,
State ana national party politics. This
was the substitution of the legislative
caucus for the State convention, and the
adoption of the Cossreasional caucus for
making Presidential nominations. It wan
both convenient and economical to leavo
to the legislators already assembled at
the capitals the business of making nomi
nations alont; with their other po
litical dutfe.s. liy the beginning: of
the century the practice of nomi
nating the State elective officers
through the joint caucus of party
members of the two branches of the 3tat«
Legislature had become general and ma
the prevailing system until the year I>-1
—the last year of the National Congres
sional caucus — while It did not finally
yield to the convention system until 13C5.
Even as late as lslo. according to Niles*
Register, a legislative nominating caucus
was neld in Maine.
The system was all the time subject to
severe criticism and strong opposition as
aristocratic, unfair, contrary to tne demo
cratic tendencies of the age-. Those dis
tricts in the State which sent Federalist
representatives to the assembly wer»
wholly unrepresented in the .Republican
caucus, as were Republican districts in
the Federal caucus, until, to m«t that
objection , the caucus membership was in
some cases expanded to include delegates
especially sent up from unrepresented por
tions of" the State. The legislators wera
naturally disposed to cling tenaciously t'»
the power which had fallen Into their
hands, but the popular discontent was
widespread and continued to gather force,
while the idea of the nominating conven
tion grew in favor, and was adopted in
many States for the selection of candi
dates for the State elective offices befora
it was accepted for Presidential nomina^
tions.
The State legislative caucus did not al
ways confine itself to the nomination of
State officers; it occasionally, even in, tho
early years of the republic, recommended
candidates for the Presidency, and from
tho year 1824 that practice prevailed quUi
widely throughout the stag*; of transition
from the Congressional caucus to the na
tional nominating convention. In tomo
cases these nominations were made by tho
State Legislature In its official capacity.
In 15*07 many of the States thus put for
ward the name of Jefferson for a second,
term.
Development of the Nominating Con
vention.
The progressive consolidation of party
machinery, resulting in the complete as
cendency" of the convention system, took
place more rapidly in some States than in,
ethers. Permanent party organization
with regular, published calls for the va
rious county and State conventions, seems
to have been achieved in Pennsylvanl.ii
very early in the present century. Irreg
ularities there were at tirst. but the par
ties (.or. at least, the Democratic party>
soon adopted definite, orderly arrange
ments for delegate conventions in the sev
eral election areas. Massachusetts, pre
viously the leader in political develop
ment, followed more slowly than Penn
sylvania the path of party organization,
but Congressional and county conventions
had begun to be held there as early a3
IM'2. and in l>os the call for a convention
definitely stated the number of delegates
to which each town was entitled. District
conventions for nominating candidates for
the State Senate, to which delegates wern
chosen by primaries in the cities and
towns of the district, began to he held in
Xew York about I>ll. and the first Stan*
nominating convention was that of ISI7.
while the last State legislative caucus in
that State was as late as IS2J. This year
marks the final yielding by the Demo
cratic membprs of the Xew York Statfl
Legislature of the power to nominate tho
party candidate for Governor. In other
States a similar adjustment of party or
ganization to the convention system was
effected In course of periods of varylnsr
lentrth. and the year 1533 may he said to)
mnrk the domination of the system.
The. first "calls" for conventions wrr*
often anonymous, but they were later
sicn^d by officers of district or town mm
mlttres. It also soon became usual to
publish the proceedings of the convention
with the signatures of the chairman and
secretary. In general it may be said that
the procedure which had heen adopted in
district nnd Stfte conventions hv 1535 was
substantially that which prevails to-day.
Although the State convention as "a
norninnti r isj body for State officers entirely
supplanted the legislative caucus mow
than hilf a century atro. theca-icua never
theless survives ns an arent for other
necessary narty business. Tt still nomi
nates candidates f.">r th» T'nlfer! States
Senate and for the offices of the twr»
houses nf the St.ite Legislature, ar.d ft la
nlso an Important me;ui3 for crystallizing
the sentiment of the party in respect to
the Issues of the day and In respect to
party leaders.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term. IDOO.
Mondays: American Political Pnrtie*.
Tuesdays: Twenty Lesson" In French
Conversation and Rrcent Scientific Dis
coveries. Wednesdays and Thursdays:
Golden Ages of Literature. Fridays:
Photography for Amateurs. Saturdays:
Blographic.il Studies for Girls. Tri«»o
courses will continue until May 51. 1900.
Examinations will be h^ld at their closa
as a basis for the granting of certificates.
If you'd be wealthy, think of saving, more than
\ of getting.
J? Wfiys&r MjiNTTJf^
f J i~r i ' '»' 'I*
saves J4 the gas and gives 50% more light.
The best is the cheapest. See that you get the
1 genuine.
Sold Every-shere. Price, 50c. \
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
IH. EARLY LOCAL AND STATE
PARTY ORGANIZATION.
BY JESSE MACY, LL.D
Just as the Govcrr.nu-nt of the United
States is the outgrowth of the two inde
pendent and sometimes conflicting ideas
of localism and centralization, so is Amer
ican party machinery a development from
two independent sources and along two
corresponding independent lines. The his
tory of national nominations has been
traced in previous chapters, till the un
certain and irregular party methods of
earlier years have been seen to give way
to the great Federal nominating body,
with its self-perpetuating organization.
But there is also the intricate local and
State party apparatus correlated to the
Federal party machinery and essential to
its harmonious working. This latter U
of far older origin, far more diverse in
form, and has a more varied and obscure
histor;-.
Nominations in the Colonies.
The local organizations, for formulating
and expressing political opinion which ex
isted in the colonies before the adoption
of the national constitution had come
down from the early days of popular gov
ernment in England— with such modifica
tion and adaptation as our practical fore
fathers were accustomed to ra;#; In their
familiar institutions under changed condi
tions. Two methods of placing candidates
for office before the yours had been fa
miliar to ih»- first English colonists la
th< ir ancestral home. They had been ac
customed to see aspirants for public pen*
sitior.s stand forth before itssemblies of
voters and discourse upon their own qual
ifications for the office sought, and they
had also seen candidates announced by
coteries of the local land-owners receive
the suffrages of the limited number of
voters. So in tne colonies candidacies
were frequently self-announced, especi
ally in the South, where, as well as in
the Southwestern States, that method
largely prevailed down to the Civil War.
But in the Northern colonies it was more
common for cliques of the leading men in
a community to atrrea together in private
conference respecting those for whom the
people should be asked to vote in an ap
proaching election. This sort of intiuence
controlled the New England town mat
ing to a great extent, and the "parlor
caucuses," as they came later to be called,
were a really worthy and acceptable po
litical agent. They fairly represented the
limited number of legal voters, and they
lr-d in general to the choice of suitable
persons for office.
Some sort of official nomination also
grew up in certain colonies by which men
designated for the purpost- in each county
chose candidates, while in Connecticut a
complex system arose by which the free
men of the colony, were accustomed to
vote for their Governor iUid magistrates
from a list of candidates nominated by
deputies of each town and the central
"court of election." and votes could be
cast for those only who had been pre
viously nominated. There seems to have
been an imperceptible change, at least in
the Northern colonies, by which nomina
tion by private conference of leading citi
zens and men of substance became nomi
nation by members of the Legislature.
Perhaps it was because these men of
means and intiuence had become legisla
tors and could act in that capacity as
well as in that of simple citizens.
Professor Howard, author of "Local
Constitutional History of the Tnited
States." finds in the colonial records of
Massachusetts evidence of the gradual de
velopment of a nominating system, in
which are the beginnings of both the cau
cus, or primary, and the convention, run
ning back to the year I>><<>. Nomination. 1 ?
for magistrates were made by the free
men in town meeting, and the general
court acting as a canvassing board re
turned back to the several towns the
names of those having the largest num
ber of votes as the accepted candidates to
be voted for at the general election. Two
years later a change in procedure re
quired each town to select one or two free
men, who should all meet and agree upon
the required number "of the most able
and tit men" to be nominated for magis
trates; while only those so nominated
should be eligible. By this law the dele
gates chosen by the "primaries" met in
"State convention" to make the nomina
tions.
Rise of the Caucus.
The word caucus did not come into use
until about the year 1724, when, his
torians tell us, a group of some twenty
men in the town of iiostbn. of whom the
father of the patriotic orator, Samuel
Adams, was one. were accustomed to meet
to consider practical questions in local
politics and to "lay their plans for intro
ducing certain persons into places of trust
and power." Then, having agreed as to
the person, each member of the group
used his influence with others to accom
plish what they wished. And they pro
vided "ballots, including the names of the
parties fixed upon, which they distributed
upon the days of election." So success
ful were their methods that "theygeneral
ly carried the elections to their own mind.
In like manner it was that Mr. Samuel
Adams first became a representative for
Boston." (Gordon's "History of the Amer
ican Revolution.")
Because these meetings were attended
by certain mechanics called "calkers."
from the ship-building yards at the north
end of Boston, they came to be called
"calkers' clubs," which was corrupted
into "caucus clubs" or "caucuses."
Though writers differ, this is the deriva
tion given by colonial authors of the word
which tills so large a place in American
political history. Like many another in
stitution unknown to tne law. th«> caucus
has played a far mr>re influential part in
politics than have multitudes of govern
mental devices having all legal sanctions.
The caucus of pre-revolutionary times
was identical In Its functions with the
caucus or "primary" of to-day.
Closely allied to the caucus clubs In
composition and purpose were the numer
ous patriotic societies and committees of
safety which sprung up throughout the
land' before and during the revolution —
such as the "Sons of Liberty" with Its
many branches. Wherever despotic gov
ernment presses upon a people intelligent
enough to work together to accomplish an
end, such organizations always arise. The
people inevitably combine to resist oppres
sion. To some extent the American so
cieties were modeled after the French
Jacobin societies but they acted also as
nominating bodies. When one of these
societies, or caucuses, appointed a com
mittee of conference to meet with other
committees from other clubs to consider
in respect to candidates for elective of
fice they Instituted what was really, in ef
fect, a delegate convention.
When the Government had become free,
the caucus— which by that time was gen
eral, at least throughout the Northern
States— gradually ceased to be held In se
cret, and in those localities where the
town meeting prevailed differed little
from a town meeting of the party voters.
Such it still remains in many places,
chiefly in New England, outskle of the
large cities and in States settled by New
England people. That is, the caucus is a
gathering for conference, for discussion
of the merits of candidates and the ex
change of views. But in some of the
States, and especially in the cities, the
caucus, or primary, has grown too large
to afford opportunity for discussion and
is simply a meeting for the election of
delegates to the nominating conventions
and of party members of the various com
mittees. This of course forces the real
selection of candidates further back into
the clubs or committee? or "parlor cau
cuses," whose work is more or less secret
and irresponsible.
The First Conventions.
Under the constitution the old ways of
local nomination continued to prevail un
til, with the increase of population, some
necessary modification appeared. Candi
dates for office— national. State or local—
who were elected by districts were still
self-announced or were selected by mass
meetings of the party voters In tne elec
tion area. These mass-meetings, growing
too large and unwieldly for their pur
pose, gradually became gatherings of dei»
egates, self-selected at first, to act for
their party, but after a time regularly ap
pointed members of a nominating con
vention. The State convention seems to
bave been the method first employed for
the nomination of State elective officers.
ONE TRANSPORT
MAKES PORT AND
ANOTHER SAILS
Sheridan Brings Insane,
Sick and Discharged
Soldiers.
Grant Takes Away Many Surgeons
and Hospital Stewards — -Cnina's
Cabin Passengers Will
Land To-Day.
*
The transport Sheridan arrived from
Manila yesterday and was sent into quar
antine by Dr. Kinyoun. Tne mall was
Kent ashore, but it will bo Thursday next
before the vessel is released and the pas
sengers allowed to land. Those who came
up in the cabin are:
Captain Auglmn, L". S. A., and wife; Major
H. H. Adam*, Ki^iiteenth lniantry; Lieutenant
Allen. U. S. A.; W. o. Uruns; Major W. D.
Crosby, surgeon. \}; s. A., wife and two chil
dren; Capta.Ui Chase, U. S. A.; M. Chamberlin;
Lieutenant L. \\ . Dillon, Thirty-ninth Infan
try; Miss Kinery; Lieutenant Kdwaxda; Mrs.
timer; Cadei fr'uiman, U. ri. N.; Dr. Fogg, V.
H. A.; Miss Fenwlck; W. P. Griswuld; Mrs. F.
S. Hutton; Miss Mouse; Lieutenant Hobbs. U.
S. V. ; Ln.uter.ant Halght, U. is. V.; J. M. Haz
ard; Cautain Helms, I.', ti. N.; William Kleun;
C. J. Knisiey; Lieutenant George M. Knox,
Seventh Infantry; Captain C. A. Krauthoff, U.
S. A., and wi!e; Miss Kip; Lieutenant Thumaa
M. Knox. Twenty-seventh Infantry. U. S. V.;
Aiiss Killiam, ur. S. M. Long, LI. S. A.; Cap
lain James O'Hara, Third Artillery; Captain G.
M. J'atton. Fourteenth Infantry; Paymaster
Perkins, U. S. X.; Lieutenant Stetson. Third
lniantry, wife and two children; M. Stanford,
1". S. X.; Paymaster SieoWs; Major G. F.
Shiels. surgeon, U. H. V. ; Lieutenant J. • 11.
\ ickers, Thirty-ninth Infantry; Lieutenant
Wa.-sel, Twenty-second Infantry; Dr. Williams,
U. tf. V.; Lieutenant Smith, L. S. A.; Captain
G. W. \'an Du^t;.., Seventh Artillery; CaHaii*
F. i:. Gißona. Kloventh Cavalry; Captain iC. 11.
Hutchlns, V. S. V.
Quite a number of people. were down on
the transport wharf to meet Paymaster
I'erkins of the Yorktown, and all of them
weie greatly disappointed when they
found trie vessel haa been quarantined.
The young man is the son of Senator Per
kins, and his mother, who is conlined to
her room by Illness; is anxiously awaiting
Ills return. Mr. Perkins was a very kick
man in Manila and it was thought at tirst
that h-i would not live to reach San Fran
cisco. He has wonderfully improved,
however, and is now almost well.
The Sheridan brought up besides her
cabin passengers 108 discharged soldiers,
117 sick soldiers, fourteen sick sailors, 110
prisoners, eleven insane men, forty-nine
soldiers, who acted as guards over the
prisoners and the Insane, and the remains
of seventy-tive soldiers.
The transport Grunt sailed for Manila
promptly at Hoon yesterday. Among her
passengers was General Graham, I. S. A.
• retired), who goes to the Philippines to
visit his sons, who are serving in the
army. Mrs. Tenneily was another passen
ger and there wer«; twenty-two assistant
surgeons, four civilians, IL'O members of
the hospital corps and twenty-six mem
bers of the signal corps. Two sergeants
of marines and a hospital steward got left
behind. They slipped away to have a
parting drink, and when they got back to
the wharf the Grant was out in the
stream. They will now have to await the
sailing of the Hancock.
Captain Hart of the transport "Warren is
lying in a critical condition at St. Luke"?
Hospital. Some years ago he had several
of hi? ribs fractured and the old wound
Is now troubling him again. He is on the
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 190(3.
1 '^mls!^'' £r~~^ijj
HOME COMFORTS
AN IMMENSE LINE OF
FINE CARPETS, FURN*TUfiE f ETC,
AT
GREATLT REDUCED PRICES.
Liberal CreJit If deslrM.
Frw Delivery to adjacent towns.
BRILLIANTS',
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Bftwwn Powell and Stockton Streets.
5LATE SHI PPING INTELLIGENCE.
OCEAN" STEAMESS.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled April' 1-Stmr Etru
ria. from Liverpool, for New Torlt.
NEW YORK-Arrired Aorll 1-Sttnr La Bre
taKnc, from Havre; stmr Rottfrdam. from Rot
terdam. ,
Triumphant!
The sales of the bottled be^rs of the Anheu
eer-Busch Brewing Ass'n increased over thirty
per cent durlnj? the past year— evidence that a
superior article la appreciated by a discrimin
ating- public. K. <Z. Lyons Co.. Wholesale
Dealers. San Francisco. Cal.
Handball Sports.
There was a variety of sport at Phil
Ryan's handball court, 858 Howard street,
yesterday afternoon. In addition to a
well-contested game in which J. Harlow,
J. White. M. J. Kilpallon and J. Collins
took part there was a French same be
tween four players that afforded consider
able amusement for the spectators. The
scores follow:
P. Hutchinpon ami P. Kelly 21 21 21
T. McManus and Bill Kelly It 12 IS
O. McDonald and M. Basch 21 13 21
I\ Ryan and B. Chapman 18 21 13
D. Rodgers and P. McKlnnon 21 21 21
M. McNeil and L. Carra,lne 19 15 11
G. B. Hayward and R. Longrabach.. 21 21 21
J. J. Canavan and E. J. Murphy.. 14 15 IS
H. ,T. Rogers and W. Mac Donald.. 21 21 21
N. Brown and \V. William? 8 13 H
T. l^aoh and J. Cnn-lon 21 21 13 16 21
A. McVJcker and W. Magixlre.. 10 13 21 21 19
T. Spitps and J. Glynn 21 21 21
A. Whiteman and Joe Hmyer 11 10 8
J. Killion and J. Johnoon 21 2t 13
E. White and C. Qulnn 16 IS 21
J. Harlow and J. White 21 21 13 IS 21
M. J. Kllgallon and J. Collins.. 16 It 21 21 17
A French pame— Martin BelzarAna defeated
Marruz Krrecalde and Roman Esplnol 75 aces
to 20.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
Nome, St Michael, Dawsoo
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON' RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
rrov c*v m^N-cTPCO s. s. ••roRTLAN-rr..Arrq sa. iv»
FROM SEATTLE ; 8. 8. "DORA" April SO. IS-*
...OM £A-V FIUCNCISCO S. a "UAIMIER" Ma/ 10. 1M
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
Ffcyll iA-N KIL_NCI£CO 8. S. "ST. PAUU" May Mt4
A Stesraer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau. Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FT.OM SEATTLE 6. 6. "BERTHA." commendn* AdiH ttfe
IH^fli AND MONTHLT TiIEREATTEIS. .
Tcr nnr ?ol<S*r«. rr.«p« «nd farther particulars as to tr+'.sht «n«J r ft *»a? <> . apply to A_XS-
KA CCMMHRCIAL. COMPAXT. 110 Eutomi street. Ban FrancUco. CaL
7w C««tU« MUzcsa «PP>r to CAIT. JAd. C AUKOLL. Uutuai Ufa Bulldln*. ButUi.Wul
Alaska Museum.
Th* Alaska Mu*eum of the University
of California, which has ju?t been in-
Ftallcd in the feet nave of the Fan Fran
cis.'-o ferry tratUUcx. will be offioiaiij- | n .
ppected by President Wheeler, members
<>i the Board of Regents and representa
tives of the Alaska Commercial Company
which pr«s. nt*d the museum to the uni
versity, at 4 o'clock this afternoon.
To-Day's Entries.
The best features of the card at the
track over the bay this afternoon are the
mile and a furlong run and the free handi
cap at a mile, each calling out some very
fair horses.
First race — Six furlongs; maiden four-year
old and upward; selltns.
92S Naples SS 956 Henry C 114
.... Milo Melo 98 Si<6 Hannah Reid ..10«
724 Chlspa 1<!« 9M Harry Corby... 98
724 Regelon? 101 614 Master L»e 10S
10W Poorlands 10S 593 Uzz»lla 90
910 Solano 101: 760 My Dear lijii
Second race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-old flllles; selling.
970 Sister Marie ...102! 533 Tanobe 103
Ahwahnee 103 BSO Nettle Clark 102
Swiftwater 1«2 983 Lew Znra y*
636 Kitty Kelly ...102 | 989 Gusule Fay 102
1013 Maydine 102 | 4.*>4 Enjoyment 102
1013 March Seven. ..lo2 I 954 Fidel Youlin 102
Third race— Five furlongs; two-year-elds;
purse.
ICOB Intrada 113 I 533 Moonbrlfcht ....113
<991) St. Rica 110 ioi:> Grace Cup in;
1015 Ada N 107! 767 Thornwild .... 105
1015 Illusion 107 1 10OS Bernota 115
905 Undergrowth ..107 1 IC2O «'r>mbermere ...110
1015 Homage 107 1 633 Opal Stone ...!107
Fourth race— Futurity course; four-year-olds
and upward; selling
<93!)Los Medanoa...lOS (958)Torslda 105
1017 Pompino 10, r > 1016 Monda .. "105
942 Sallle Goodwln.lOS 3SS I Don't Know"los
989 Amasa 10S 1024 Uarda ... "Ma
747 Ringmaster ....108 1011 Miss Rowena"'lO«i
952 El Mido lOi (1007)Orlon '.'.'.\oS
Fifth race— One and one-eithth miles- four
year-olds and upward: selling.
(lOlß)Jennie Reid 106! 98ft Arbaces inj
mis Lothian 103 1014 Dogtown vi
flftfl4)Topmast 112 I 934 Perseus ;.".' Ml
(lft23)Malay 103 I 1021 Imp. Consiil a ":03
1010 Rosinante 105'
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-old*. and uo
ward: free handicap.
1017 The Fretter 107 | 1005 Flower of O»Jd. X 5
(334) Opponent 9S !(iOO5)Dr. Nembu!i-..10C
1017 Rosormonde ...106 1
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Poorland*. My Dear Varies
Second race— Fidel Youlin. Kitty K^liy. Cus-
Ble Fay.
Third race— Bernota, St. Rica. Mr>nbrlßht
Fourth race— Miss Rower.a, Prmplno, El
Mido.
Fifth race— Rosinante. Malay. A-'baces.
Sixth race— Flower of Gold, The Fretter. Od
ponent.
Race Meeting at Memphis.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April I.— The twen
tieth annual meeting of the Memphis
Jockey Club will bejdn next Thursday at
Montgomery I'ark, and will continue for
twenty racing days. Kleven stakes will
be decided, some of which are numbered
among the richest in the West. The
Montgomery handicap will be run on the
opening day of the meeting. There are in
excess of !MjO horses at the track. The
three-year-olds here include Sam Phil
ipps. The Conqueror, F. W. Brode. Ad
lnlral Schley. Capron, Elizabeth Klein
The Rush. Dr. Ridle. Florizar, Belle of
Orleans, Lampli^hted, Lady Elite, Brown
C, Anderson, Thrive and others.
Fresno Wins.
FRESNO; April I.— With two bands of
music on the grounds and a larpe crowd
In attendance, the baseball season was
ushered In here to-day under the auspices
of th« S.in Joaquin Valley Ilaseball
league. The pame. resulted in a victory
for the locals, their opponents being the
"Train Robbers" from VisalSa. The score:
R- BH.E.
J ¦ * •••*••••••••••••¦••••••••.. ..Jl _ f)
-Viftalia. , 7 4 0
Batteries— Maul and Schwartz, J. Grub
and Willis.
FACULTY WILL APPEAR
ON BASEBALL FIELD
Staid Professors at University of
California to Meet the Skull
and Keys Society.
UNIVERSITY OK CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY, April I.— The line-up of the
baseball teams for the game next Wcdpes
day between the faculty and Skull and
Keys Society is as follows:
For the faculty— Professor Louis Dv
Pont Syh\ pitcher, alternating- with Pro
fessor Jarvis; Russell T. Crawford of the
astronomical department, catcher; R. H.
Collins, first base; Sidney A. Towney, sec
ond base; Lorin E. Hunt, third base; C.
P. Nott, shortstop; Walter E. Magee, cen
ter field; Dr. Jepson of the botany depart
ment, right fielU; Mr. Chandler, left tield;
substitute.'', Messrs. Osttrhout, Whitney
and Wilsczlnskl.
For the Skull and Keys— Lawrence
Greene. D. K. E.. '01. pitcher; William
Mem, Ueta. '00. catcher: Charles Prlngle,
Chi Phi, '01, first base; William Schow,
D. K. E., '01, second base; James Whipple,
Kappa Alpha. '01).0 1 ). third base; William Or
rick. Phi Gam. '01, shortstop; William
Foster (captain), Zeta Pal; '00, right Held,
John McNab. Signa Nu, '00, left field;
William White, li. K. E.. '00, center Held.
The game will be played on the univer
sity campus and will be called at 3 o'clock
sharp. The chief feature, aside from the
error column, will be the costumes of tho
members of Skull and Keys, who will ap
pear in white duck trousers with dress
coats and vests and a red ribbon across
the shirt front. Those who do not play
will sell tickets. They will march down
to the grounds singing the Skull and Keys
song.
Those of the faculty who played ball
in their college days will wear their old
college suits; the others will appear in
various costumes.
Professor Frank Soule, b^ing of the mili
tary department, has been chosen to ' Jill
the delicate office of umpire. It is hoped
to make this game the social event of the
season, and if the weather is propitious
the expectations will be fully realized.
flew and nev.' uniforms were besmirched
in a woeful manner. In the ninth inning:
the sun struggled out ard the locals
made a b'd for the Kamo. but were turned
down after iiiiirs up three runs.
Doyle; who pitched for the locals, had
no preliminary practice work, find was
as wild as aa Indian. Ho retired in the
seventh. Salisbury taking his place; mak
inc: a ?n<i,l showing, and being touched
fi>r but one hit.
Moore, Stockton's new third baseman,
proved a surprise. He is swift and stire,
covers plenty of territory, is strong at the
bat and at base running. Pace and Mc-
Hale carried off the batting honors. Hab
bitt and Hanlon did £<jod work on the
bates. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLoughlln, lit 3 2 t ?, 2 ft ft
Deverfaux, Z\ 3 t 0 1 1 1 ft
Egan, s. s 4 0 1 0 1 1 1
Stanley, c 4 2 10 4 4 1
Phanahan, c. f " 0 1 0 3 0 1
lh-iyle. p. & r. f 4 0 1 0 0 ,1 0
ll.ir.lon. lb .1 1 1 ft ft 0 ft
Stu!/. 2b 3 0 1 ft 3 2 1
Salisbury, r. f. & p.. 4 0 0 ft 0 1 0
Totals :\\ »> 7 J »23 12 4
•Mcllale out fur not touching third base.
STOCKTON".
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McH,il<\ c. f 5 2 3 14 10
Courtney, !. f 2 1 0 0 2 1 0
! 'ac«. c 4 3 3 0 5 0 1
Uoehhend. s s 2 3 1 1 2 ft 1
Habbitt. 2b 4 1 1 1 1 2 0
Morrow, r. f 4 1 2 1 1 0 0
S-lna. lb .t " 1 0 1> 0 o
Moore, ib 2 ft ft 1 2 5 0
Whalen, p 4 (> 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 31 11 11 5 27 12 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 lft 100103— 6
Base hits 0 2030000 2—7
Stockton 4 0 0 3 0 4 ft ft •— 11
Base hits 2 0 13 13 10 '—11
SUMMARY
Runs responsible for— Doyle S, Whalen 5.
Three-base hit— Pace. Two-hase hit— b'hanohan.
Sacrifice hits— Stuls, Pac». Ix>chhead. Courtney.
First base on errors — Sacramento 1. Stockton 3.
First base on balls— Off Doyle 6. off Salisbury
2. off Whalen 6. L«eft on bases— Sacramento 7.
Stockton S. Struck cut— By Doyle 4. by Wbaleu
4. lilt by pitcher— Shnnahan. Devereaux. Bab
bitt. Double plays— Moore to Solna; Mcllale to
Pace; Moore to Babbitt to Selna. Passed ball-
Stanley. Wild pitch— Whalen. Time of Rame —
2:10. Umpire— Graves. Scorer — G. A. Griffin.
TRAP SHOOTING AT
INGLESIDE GROUNDS
California Wing Shooting and Union
Gun Club Members Swell Their
Scores at the Weekly Meet-
The California Wlns-Shootlnp Club
held its regular weekly shoot at the Ingle
fide grounds yesterday. The club shoot,
at tv/elve birds, was as follows:
Feudner 3. Halsht 12, Rlade 10. Dr. Barker 9.
Sweeney 9, Justlna 10. Owens It. Jackson 11,
Shields 10. Trombone 10, H. Kullman 9.
Score for six-bird pools— Feiulner 5 — S, Haight
3—5, Donahue 4—3. Justins S — 6, Jackson 4 — fi.
Winner 4—5. 11. Kullman 5—4. Shields 3—3.
Sweeney 6—.",6 — .", J. Coleman 5— C, 'Wilson 3, Trom
bone 4,
Back scores— Ualght 12, Dr. Barker 10, Owena
10, Donohue S.
The Union Gun Club broke blue rocks
at TnKleside yesterday with the following
results:
Regular club shoot— Foster, first prize; Peter
son, second prize; Jones and Fisher tied for
third prize: Wollam, fourth prize.
Scores— Mastrrson 2. Funcke 18, Bunnel! 14,
Udrtle TO. Fuller 5. Olson 16. M. McDonald 14.
\Valp*>rt 14. Debenham 14. Jones 15, Feudner
20. Mlcha»!son 13. Hess 13. Schrooder 12. Bon
n<*r 11. I>eti«cr<man 6. Foster 22. Knlck ]S,
I'llcklnepr '.'ft. FiFher 13, Jansen 12. Rickle IS.
Wal'ch V,. Ivrrson S. Funck 17, Ball»y 7. Hoyt
14. Pisani ?, Peterson Il*.I 1 *. Thomas 14, Mitchell
15. I.pwis i. Krrrlran 12. Jewett 17. Bruce 4,
Phlflds 12, Sweeney 15, Justins 10. Fcudner 19,
Peters 19, Ol»en 16.
In the handicap medal shoot Foster won
first, Robert Twiddle second, Pisani and
Mlcbelson tied for third.
Columbia Club Shooting.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
shoot yesterday at Harbor View was well
attended and pord average shooting pre
vailed. The scores follow:
Columbia tairet, rifle, 2^ yari*. rrp^rts — F.
O. Yoime. S. 3, 1. 4, 6, 2. 3, 6, 6. 5» — 4S; A. H.
Pape. 7, 4. 3, 5, 5. 7. 6, 4. 7. 6— C4. Sharpshoot
ers— CJ. Mannel. 7f»: C. M. Dais's. 81: F. R.
Washburn, S3. Marknmen— G. lloadley. 103:
Mrs. F. P. Walthnm. Ill; P. Becker. 120: Dr.
J. T Twist. 154; E. A. Allen, l&l. All comers'
rifle medal, 200 yards— F. O. Young, 43, 53, 57:
A. B. Dorrell. £3. 57; C. M. Dalss, 73, 92, SO;
F. S. Washbtirn. 79; G. Mannel, SO. Rifle rec
ords—A. B. IVirrell. 54. RK. Pistol. 50 yards— F.
O. Young. 49; CM. Dalss, 72; G. M. Barley.
72. Sharpshooters— Dr. J. P. Twist. 57: G.
Hoadley, 61; F. S. Washburn. 73; P. Becker, 78.
Marksmen — G. Mannel, 69; F. Hassmann. 78;
Mrs. C. F. Waltham. 84; Mrs. G. Mannel. 102;
E. A. AllPn. 117. All comers' pistol medal — F.
O. Younsr. 39, 41. 4ft. 80, 54; C. M. Daisg, 43.
50; G. Hoadler, 61, 64. 6S, 63. 79; P. Becker, 61.
S2. S3; Dr. J. P. Twist. 66. S7. Pistol record
scores— G. M. Barley, 47; A. B. Dorrell, 50; Mrs.
Mannel, 93; G. Mannel. 91. . Twist revolver
medal— P. Becker. 3. 11. B, !. S. 3. 6. 6.^4, 4—47:
F. O. Young, 61, 67: Dr. J. F. Twist. 92. Twen
ty-two and. 25 caliber rifle medals. 50 yards^ —
Mrs. C. F. Waltham, 25, 33, 36; Dr. J. F. Twist.
23, SS, 41; G. Hoadley, 29, 23, 35. Record scores—
G. Mannel. 27; F. Hassmann, 33, 43.
sixth Mosklman, who wont to first on
halls, crossed the rubber on Lange'a dou
ble.
A sir;g!e run in the seventh for the lo
cal team warmed a bit of thrlr co*<«r»a''»d
blood, >ir;d when the eighth innine ar
rived they were ready to do a ".•i.uiu"
or two. Successive hits by HrockhniT and
McCarthy; with both of these men hold
ing down second and first ba«e«, and Knitr
at the plate, stick In hand; suggested
some real action. But "Heine*,' flew to
Moskiman and "Hank. Harris wept, co
piously. Hildebrand was next to bat. He
reeled off a torrid, tempestuous jjroundT
that went through Schmeer like a Mau
ser bullet, the net res-tilt heinsr two
runs. Five to four v/as the Bcore at the
end of this Inning, ami Frisco hearts beat
hopefully for the vague future. l!'it iiilt>ii.-<
hope was run over by a locomotive in the
latter part of the inninp, when Franclts
crossed the plate for the Dudes, and in
the first part of the ninth, when the lo
cal team was retired in one, two, three
fashion.
The score tells the detailed account:
sax Francisco;
ab.- r. mi. sb. m. a. c.
Brorkhoff. Jb 5 2 2 0 2 10
McCarthy, lb 3 1 . 1 0 13 0 0
Krue. c.if 4 •> ft 0 1 0 ft
Hilciebrand, r. f 4 <> 1 <) 1 0 0
Iy>vy 1. f 4 0 1 ft 4 0 0
RchWartz, c 4 1 1 1 1 1 0
IVepleji. «. s ."! 0 11 0 0 2 0
R»llly, 2b S 0 0 ft 2 2 0
Fit spat rick, p 4 0 1 0 0 4 0
Total, U "i 1 1 2^ .W "0
OAKLAND.
AB. R. HH. PH. PO. A. E.
Schmeer. s. n 4 110 16 1
Hammond, r 4 2 2 14 0 0
Hutchlnsoh, lb 4 1 2 n ].-, ft 0
Hardie, r f 3 ft 1 «» 0 ft 0
Francks. 2t» 4 110 13 0
DunJeavy. c f 2 0 0 12 0 0
Mosklmnn. I. f 2 1 1 0 4 ft 0
I.anKO 3b 4 O 1 0 0 2 1
Steffani, p 3 0 0 0 0 5 i>
Total, 30 6 9 2 27 16 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sar. Francisco i i) o n 0 ft l 2 ft— 4
Base hits 3 0 ft 0 1 0 1 2 ft— 7
Oakland 1 0 2 0 1 1 ft 1 •-«
Base hits 10 2 0 3 10 2 •— 9
SUMM \Ti v
Tlurs responsible for— Fitipatrlrk 5, StefTant 1.
Home run— Hutohinfon. Twn-rmso> hit— I»anKt».
Sarrlflre lilt?— MrCnrthy. Mosklman. Dunleavy.
First l>ase on errors— San Kranclsco 2. Kirpt
.¦'¦-..<* ¦- ':.. . - . ¦ • ' - -¦ '}¦¦-:¦ ¦ - ,
rln«?s; second champion class, G. Hetzel, 365;
first class. O. Dantmer. 367: second class. X.
Kilberzahn, 252; third class. L.. Iyaubscher. 220;
best first shot. F. Kaiser, 21: best last shot, «.
Jletzel, 23; most centers. Captain R. Franke.
Only a ffw of the Independent Rifl?s
turned out for their regular monthly modal
shoot. This organization uses the mili
tary musket and Blunt target; tho scores
beins of ton shots each. The results were
as follows:
J. H. ICuhlke. S3: Perpeant H. Schllchtmann.
S5; C. Frederickson. 33; R. V. Blther. 32: Cor
poral 11. Frederickson. 14: 11. Oaetzen. 40; H.
Marzolf, 26: Serjeant O. Mitchell. 44; Sergeant
Charles Andrews, 39; U. Fellk, 33.
Next Sunday promises to bf> a very live
ly day on this range; the Red Men's
Schuetz«>n Company having arranpred for
the annual eaplo "shoot and picnic. A
number of other clubs will also hold their
regular contests for medals, cash prizes
and trophies.
base on ralle.l balls— Fan Francisco 2. Oakland
3 Left on bases— San Francisco 6. Oakland o.
Struck out— By Fitzr.atrick 1. by Steffani 3.
Pftsaod ball-richwartz. Wild pitch—Kltzpat
rick Time of (tame— l:so. I'mplre— J. McDon
ald Ofrki.il scorer-J. W. Ptapleton.
First Victory for Stockton.
SACRAMENTO, Aiiril 1.-'^Dad 11 Har
per's Stocktonians lilt-rally mopped up the
local diamond with the home baseball
artists to-day, winning hands down. For
the first two hours of the same the pentle
spring rain poured down and formed in
pools over the battlefield, and the mud
CONNEMARA IS
STILL FIT TO
RUN AS OF OLD
James Dean'r* Campaigner
Captures the Champion
Stake.
Inglesidc Coursing Park Manage
ment Postpones Finish of tlie
Op?n Stake Through
Lack of Hares.
James Dean's old ramjialpmer Conne
mara captured tho final In the slxteen
dog champion sta^e yesterday at Ingle
side Coursing Park, with I-opez & Son's
Whitehead us runner-np. Connemara
showed well all through the s=take and
was a favorite with the bettors. In the
j run down he beat St. Helen pointless, and
I won from Master Claire in the first tie
j aft^r a close course. With Papita. Con
nrmara had a hard, oven run, winning
finally with a score of 4 to 3.
The final was a short one of fifteen sec
onds. Connemara showed two lengths in
I front 'and took the tlrst turn. Whitehead
thru dashed in and kill«-d the hare and
likewise his chanc«f for lirst prize. The
runner-up did hard work in all his runs.
In the run down ap^iiibt Tea iiot.e he won
out aftt-r a hard undecided and in the
fir.^t tie the course with Theron was a
gruelling one. IVhJtehead showed speed
over Golden Rule in the second, winning
v t 4 to <$.
Vouner America and Tloho ran the long
est rurAbif tlu- day. necessitating the re
lease of relief dogs to end the course.
I3ohe would have b»eii a dangerous factor
in the final Inn for her hard runs. She
was beaten out by Golden Rule after two
hard und< cid.-d courses.
The open stake wax not finished, being
run only to the third tie. The manage
ment was disappointed on a consignment
of hares which was ordered, but got lost
somewhere, between Merced and San
Francisco, and decided to postpone the
finals in the "open" until Thursday. The
dogs remaining In the stake are well
matched and the winner is hard to pick,
though Victor (jueen looks a likely candi
date f"r the final.
Quite a disappointment was felt at the
non-appearance of imported Overture. In
a private trial Ih-- tlog showed tjreat speed
j and was looked upon to surprise the ones
I who dubbed him a "false alarm." Over
ture showed up lame early in the day
and it was decided to withdraw him.
The days results \.ith Judge J. P.
j Reilly's official scores follow:
i Open itakf>— M. J. Kelly** Night Time twat
! Russ"!!. Alli-n & Wils.m's Miss Penman, b— 3;
I A. T. l>>uiianr* Mayflower beat iv Mahoney's
I Nellie r, B— 0: K. M. K-I!'->kk';« Hvi'wt Kmma
b*at It.' Attridge's Masterpiece. 4—o: Kay
: Brother*' Hawker beat F. McComb'a Walt a
I Bit. Tr-l; J. H. l'erisro's Controller teat J.
| Kennedy's Ever Sure. 4—2: H. A. Deokflnian's
i Koi-ker l-eat A T. Leonard* Master Lawrence.
1 3—l; Russell. Allen & \\"i!son'i> Helk- Claire
beat V. McComb'a Motto, 4—l: Russell, A'.len a;
Wilson's Palmflower beat Sterl «: Knowle*'
i o'Hara. 3— o; K. M. Kplloijr'j. lowa Hoy b^at
iJ. 1. O'Hrien's Btatffman, fi— 3; R. K. <le It.
i Lor*z &¦ Son's Soft Goods beat M. Michalek'a
O'.enrov, ." — 0; J. I. O'Brien's I'a^ha Queen
boat j" H. \V. Mocorita, s— 4: K. K.
de B. I»i*>z & Son's Minnie Wa Wa beat A.
Johnt-on's Tod Sloan. 4—2: H. A. I>pckelman's
Flyaway beat J. Byrnes' Olympus, 3—2; F.. M.
Kelloßg's Ben's Babe beat J. !t. Smith's Victor.
4*— o: J. It. Smith's Victor Uuetn b-at F. C.
Mack's l>ella M, 4—2; J. Byrnes' Eleven i^pot
beat J. O'Fhea's Younjj Firenzl. s—l; D. To
'.and's Pleasant Girl beat William Cairnes"
lmz'erial. U— 4; James Byrnes' Battleship beat
M. B Kavanaeh's Hard Kines. &— O.
Second run-down— Mayflower beat Motto. s—l;5 — 1;
Hawker beat Sweet Emma. 6—4;6 — 4; Ilncker heat
Controller. 3—2; Belle Clair" beat lowa Boy,
7— 4; Palinflower beat Poft Goods, n-rO: Minnie
Wa Wa l-eat Pasha Queen. S — 2; Flyaway beat
Ben's Babe. 11—7: Victor Queen beat Kleven
Spot, 4—l: Battleship beat Pleasant Girl. B—s.
Third run-down— Mayflower beat Hawker.
3—2: Be!le CJaire I>eat Rocker, 3—l; Palmflower
beat Minnie Wa Wa. JiV-3; Victor Queen beat
Flyaway. C — 3: Battleship a bye.
<'hamr>:on <=take— J. H. I'erigo's Bohe boat J. j
O'Bbea's Youiik America. 19 — 12; J. O' Shea's ¦
Golden Rule best E. XI. KellocK's Kid McCoy, j
4—2; R. n. de B. Lop^z & Si.n's Whitehead
beat T. Tierney'p Tea Ruse, 5—2; Georpe Whit- i
r.ey's Theron t>eat Rumw»U. Allen fz Wilson's :
Spiteful. 4—2: I^ow* <t Thompson* ?t. Orin beat .
Connell Brothers' Xiamie Pleasant: 4—l; R. K. ]
de B. L.mez & Son's Papita a bye; Russell, i
Allen A: WUfon't Ulster Claire b«-at I>we & \
Thompson's Flora McDonald. 4—o; James |
Dean's Connemara beat Connell Brothers' St. |
Second run-down— Gulden Rule b.->at Bolip. I
3—2: Whitehead best Theron. 4—3: Papita beat ]
Ft Cran. 3— J; Connrmara beat Master Claire. !
4— i.
Third run-down— Whitehead beat Golden Rule.
3—2: Connemara beat Papita. 3—2.
Final— Conaenwra beat Whitehead. 3—2.
Bone ebony, old Flemish, Japanese gray.
carbon and old Dutch oaks in new shapes
for picture frames. Thousands of pic-
tures framed and unframed on exhibition
at our store. Vlfltors always welcome.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., "41 Market street. •
Riflemen at Shell Mound.
Weather conditions and attractions in
other places were responsible for a small
attendance of riflemen at the Shell Mound
range yesterday. Conditions were not
good for fine shooting, clouds causing fre
quent changes of light and a fishtail wind
from the south making holding difficult.
The Deuts«cher Krleger Verein held its
monthly shoot for class medals, and fol
lowing are the results in twenty-shot
strings. 25-ring target:
First champion class, C. Wecgemann, 2SS
Union of Ball-Players.
WASHINGTON, April 1. — President
Gompers of the Federation of Labor said
to-day that the federation had under con
sideration the organization of a union of
professional baseball players. Its chief
obstacle hitherto, he said, had been the
timidity of the players, but now, since the
clubs had been reduced to eight, there v.a3
more disposition to effect a union.
6 QUART BOTTLES 54.80,
Expresa charses prepaid.
Hishest srade for JU-dlclnal cr Family use
F*URE WHISKEY.
on case to Indicate contents.
Money refunded If r.ot satisfactory.
asencW ' * ny buslness flrm commercial
,0 ? Dislllers' A?pnts.
» aj«wH«°inery street. San Francisco. C*L
EJ-Twtce the price could buy no better
Pigeon Shooting. n m n] n \. n
D. ROBERTS, IXIIII bIUOS
"Wholesale and Ketair
Dealer In Live an.f - I will contract to fur-
Dressed Poultry and nlsh. for ;or 3 years.
me - i ORV «"« all club,, uv,
504 FrOllt St i PiS^ ons at a reasonable
_ _______ prlce P«»" shot.
Weekly Call,sl.oo^e7Year
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL
SPECIAL SALE
THIS WEEK ONLY!
LAPIFS' BOX CALF LACE SHOES. N>ir
Coin Too. resularly 13.C0 .¦*!:. 1 .-,
GKNT'S VICI Kir> LACE SHOES. Wei!psl»v
Toe. regularly lI. tO S'-.i;.',
MISSHS' GLAZED KID. Cloth or Kid Tor.
Uuttoa Shoes, regularly tl.'o 91J£i>
BOYS' CALF BfTTON SHOES. Round T™»
regularly 12.30 5 1 .71»
ALL AEOVE NEW, FRESH STOCK.
A FILL. ASSORTMENT OF LATEST STYLES
FOR GROWN FOLKS AND LITTLE
FOLKS.
SEE PRICES IN WI.VDOW.
WHY NOT
Take a Step Forward?
BE UP TO D ATE and WEAR
LATEST SPRING STYLES.
POPULAR PRICES.
FINE SHOES,
830-832-S34 Market Street,
FELL FROM THE RAIL
OF THE FERRY OAKLAND
R, Volois, While Reading a Paper,
Suddenly Sent Over the
R. Volois. who lives at 45 Zoe street,
had a narrow escape from drowning yes
terday morning. He fell from the rail of
the ferry-boat Oakland, and was saved
only by prompt action on the part of the
d«"-<'khar>ds.
Voloi.s had been drinking heavily . for
several weeks; and yesterday morning he
decided to flee from temptation as far as
Oakland, so he took the ferry to cross the
bay. He was sitting on the lower rail
reading a paper, when a sudden lurch of
the steanu-r threw him over in to the wa
ter. !!?• called lustily for help and a boat
was soon at his side. In the meantit/ie
the. boat had stopped and backed, and
before many minutes had passed Voloi3
was aboard again.
Volois remained with the Oakland and
returned to this side with her. He was
then sent to the Harbor Hospital, where
he was put to bed until his clothes were
dry.
HOODLUMS ASSAULT
AN ARMY OFFICER
Major A. E. Ransom, Late of the
First Colorado Regiment. Is
Badly Beaten.
A vicious assault upon an army officer
was oommitt*"! on Market street yester
day afternoon, and two toughs nam^d
Herman Schmuck and Charles Hadden
are now under arrest at the City Prison,
charged with disturbing the peace. Major
A. E. Ransom of the First Colorado In
fantry, who was the victim in th<> affray.
xav!* he will prosecute the men for bat
'tfrv-
Acrnrdir.c to Ransom's story, ho was
passing along Market street, when two
men who were intoxicated jostled him.
Up asked them to be more oareful. where
upon they attacked him. Not content with
battering him with thoir fist?, tho fellow*
t-Hzt><l an umbrella and beat him upon the
!-*ftd. Before paesersby could interfere,
itansom's head was cut in several places,
his watch broken and his clothes torn.
Th<» "facer managed in make his escape
and his assailants wen- arrested.
HORSEMEN BREAKFAST
NEAR THE BREAKERS
Notwithstanding the Weather Small
Crowds Enjoy the Sabbath in
the Open.
Although the weather di<l not favor the
pleasure-seekers yesterday several jolly
parties were In the park and on the beach,
and between showers enjoyed their outintr.
Early in the morning, before the rain be
gan falling, a party of horsemen, among
them being Gavin McNab, Vanderlynn
Stow, George W. Fletcher and J. C. Wil
jon, mounted their steeds for a gallop.
The breakfast hour found them at the
Clilt House, with appetites sharpened by
the ride. After breakfast and a general
good time the horsemen again continued
on their way. returning to the city late in
the afternoon. Kquestrian parties are be
coming more popular every year and
doubtless the near future will see them in
numbers on the park and county roads.
The crowds at the Park and Cliff yester
day were not large. . The rain continued
just far enough into the afternoon to
change the plans of those who anticipated
spending the afternoon out of doors and
although the late hours of the day were
very pleasant the people were afraid to
trust the threatening clouds and remained
at home.
Emil Markeberg's balloon ascension was
the feature at the Chutes yesterday.
Markeberg made a splendid ascension and
came down in his parachute on top of the
Velodrome grand stand. He was not in
jured and soon was on his way to his
dressing room.
Following are the results of the contests
at Sutro's Baths:
Fifty-yard dash, Juvenile— A. Reese, first: C.
SunbeVg. second.
One hundred-yard dash, amateur— ll. See
bach, first; H. I-elcken. second.
Tub race— AY. Carroll, first; T. Sunbersr, sec
ond; H. Freeman, third.
High dlvtnjr for boys — J. Johnson, first prize;
P Louis, second prize.
Trick and fancy diving— ll. London, first; W.
Carroll, second.
ADVEPwTISEME^TS.
was of the real^ baseball order, even to
the small boy who was unborn in the
days when Rube Levy was the idol of
their prospective daddies. The same
old Rube was in his same old place yes
terday, the left territory, and the new
generation acted toward him as the juve
nile "10 center" did in the palmy days
of Haight street. Rube ran in aged com
pany yesterday. Lou Hardie and "Kid"
Peeplesj also of the antediluvian diamond
trotter class, were on the Held in bright
new uniforms. All the other players were
of recent origin.
Jim McDonald umpired the game to the
satisfaction of both siUep. When he
enhed game one of the numerous mas
cots en ;h< % ground, Theophrastus Sucnj
presented him with a large floral piece
with his name done in violets. McDonald
looked surprised; shook three tinK<-rs at
the gift and wafted It out of sicht. He
tn«*n filled his naval reservn blouse, some
thing new in umpires' vestments, with a
half dozen of Spaillding's own and or
dered the diamond devotees to work.
Hank Harris' m»«n w>re ihw clothes of
black an<l yellowj showing up in wasp
like effects. The Dud*s w^re tagged m
grsiy. clean and just out of the shop.
From the jump the gnme was played as
baseball. Brockhoff made his first bag
by a hot one to short and was safe on the
initial base. McCarthy, in a self-sacri
ficing spirit, cut his own life in twain; ad
vancing Broekhuff a station.' When
"Heine" Krug perished immediately aft
erward Brockhoff made third and scored
on a timely hit by HiUUbrand. That was
all the action there was to the first rattle.
by the locals. Then came the Dudes, and
they succeeded in sending Hammond over
the five-sided rubber, something new In
baseball furniture and only enjoyed by
the f*»w back of the> plate. Hammond
was allowed first because Fitz. the fire
man, blocked him at first, took second on
Hutehinson's out, third on a passed ball,
scoring on a play to catch Hardie between
first and second.
During the next five innings Frisco
spurned bat work, but not so with the
Brummels. In the second inning Ham
mond was on first when Hutchlnson came
to bat. The !att^r found one of Fitz's
curves to his Mkin*: and the ball was seen
no more. It drr.pepd in the alley on lh»
other side of the right field fence. Hutch
skirting th<» baps for a homer. In the
fifth inninc Schmeer tallied, and in the
Side Lights at the Game in This City Between Dudes and Wasps
Big Crowd "at Recreation Park Sees the Local Team De
feated by Oakland — Stockton Wins
From Sacramento.
Oakland 6, San Francisco J.
WITHOUT the brass band.
"Hank" Harris' pet processions,
prepared speeches and all that
sort of thing, the baseball sea
son of i:*X) oprned yesterday at
Recreation grounds. The prame was be
tween the bay city teams, San Francisco
and Oakland, the latter winning out after
an excellent exhibition of ball in which
errors were few, hits plentiful enough to
keep the fielders on the chase and the in
terest sustained until the very end.
The crowd that poured into the grounds
LEAGUE CLUBS OPEN THE
SEASON IN TWO CITIES
BAD BOY WINS
THE BIG STAKE
AT UNION PARK
Meets Curtis & Son's McKin
ley, the Iron Dog. in the
Final Course.
?
Favorites Are in Form, Winning
With but Few Exceptions
Throughout the Various
BXalier & Reid's fast young greyhound
Bad Boy won the open stake yesterday at
Colon Coursing Park, defeating McKin
ley, the seasoned campaigner of the Cur
tis kennels. In the deciding course. He
led to the hare by four open lengths, and
secured several turns. Kor a. brief mo
ment McKinley was working the hare,
and his supporters thought he could pull
ihf couse out of the fire. Their ardor was
suddenly dampened by Bad Boy scoring
ami killing. He won !>y the liberal score
of S to 2. This was the third of the Cur
tis representatives he retired during the
afternoon, the others being Cash, and Nar-
Cissus. In addition to these he met
Hot Haste. Ireland and Warship, making
in all the strongest group of dogs in the
ttake.
Tho Warship-Baud Hoy course was a de
ceptive one. Warship led owinp to the
decided favor of the har>\ ami was allow
«-d nothing for t-pe«-d. getting one point
for tho turn. Bad Hoy then scored one
turn and ihe kill. Warship fell in turning
the hare, which may have had some effect
on the ultimate result.
I'alo Alto wa? defeated by Warship in
the third round, after leading three
ler.grths to the hare. He steadied himself
before driving in for the kill, and War
ship, coming on with full steam, ahead;
hau him out la an instant, ¦• --.-
In the third and fourth rounds fifteen
favorites wem ;n succession. Bad Boy
broke the smju- ::--e by winning from Nar
cissus, the 4 to 1 favorite. In the next
course McKinley defeated Mac's Melody
Dt - to 1. In the succeeding round War-
Phip was in<-ta!ied a slight favorite over
Had Boy. The latter won. The detailed
results, with Judjjc John Grace's otlicial
J. Horn's Hrma. Fide ber.t M. H. Sheehan's
Teddy Hale, 2—l; J. Cane's Greer.hall heat Kr
win & Lyon'i* SiUfr LJon, t — C'; li. E de U
I»I*2'8 Wonder heat X. P. Whiting" a Bt. An
thony. 4—3; H. silver's Reannex beat T. J.
Cronln'a ThornhilJ. :¦: K. (icarj-'f I'a.lo Alto
beat K. K. de B. I>->ii»z's ('rawford Lad, 6—o;
Ur.iif & Gerher > Wenr.l heat Pasha Kennels'
:>!^y HempFtead. 4-:': D. Winder's Risky At
•.f-mrt heat ''urtls & Son's Commodore. 4-^0: I».
J. Keii;y*i> Warship heat Erw'.n i- Lyons May
Queea, 6—2; It. K. de n. l>ipez'» Crawford
T<raes brat j:. Capperly't! Lady Blanche, k— o-
R. E. oe v. Lopez** Dairy Maid heat A. John
tan't L- wlancir. 2—l; K. Geary's Ireland heat
J!. K. <Ie B. I#'j>ex's Green Valley Maid, s—!:
<:. w. Heintz'a Coquette beat Curtis Ar Son's
Shadow. >:-(¦; Maher <fc Reid's Bad Boy beat J.
H. Elarriaoa'a Hot Haste. C— o; Curtis'* Son's
C«*b 1-eat .1. 3 lean's Gallant. 3— \i; ("urtis &
E r. s NarclFfus heat Benirla Hey. 4—9;4 — 9; Curtis
A- Son> McKinley heat T. L/iean's Honor
Uriirh*. 3—l; I'a^ha Kennels' Royal Ar.ne beat
R. Ktrahl'« Tl:re* Cheers. T-3; l'a^ha Kennels'
Mf^iiliir a hye. f'orin's nashliKht withdrawn:
11. L>Tich'« Lottie M heat <iuv Aheroron-.bie's
Victor Kinp, .".—-•; Rartelii Bros.' Mac's Melody
»¦ at I>. J. lioaJpy'F Grenada. s—o; MAher &
Retd'a L'ncJp Kullfr beat l'afha Kennels' Kest
,*s*;m-.5. s— o; J. Hurley's Hurricane b*>at T. J.
Crtmitt'a Rote at Trale*-, .*. — 4; I). Winder's
ItaJidiMTi Aim t*at Furl & Knnwlea' Olita 4—2-
T. CarroMs Auckland l^-at ?terl & Knowles'
Fl«>ty Mirt, 3-1.
-s«-(.n<l rouii' I.—<srr-»"nhal!1 .— <5rr-»"nhal! beat Hona Fiile, 3— i-
Rf-ann-x l^at TAV,r.d.>r. ~-2. I'slr. Alto Ji^al
Rler.zi. U— €; IVarship beat Risky Attempt.
<—•¦; Cravford Una's btat Dairy Maid. 0;
Ireland heat Coquette. S— 2; Bad Boir beat Ca?h.
3-2; N'arr.stius beat Itoya! Ar.ne. 3—2: McKln
ley heat M.-tal!!o. — <>: Mac'? ll^iody beat Lwt
tie M. .V-2; ['nole Fuller l*-at Hurricane, 4-2;
Aurklsnd boat Random Aim. 3—l.
Th:rd round— <;rv«-nha!l l>*-at lieannex. 4—o;
T\'ar^h:p btat I'alo A'to. C— o: Ireland heat
Crawford Hrae?. S— fl; }!ad Boy b»at Narcissus.
S— l : McKlnle? beat Mar'p Mdodr. 3—2; Auck
land h^at Cncle Fuller. 4-3.
Fourth rmrnd— Warship l,eat Oreenhall, S— l:
Hsd n^y »#a_t Ireland. J— l; McKinley beat
Fifth round— Had TU-y tx-at Warship. 3—l;
MeKtnicy a bye.
Final— Cad Boy beat McKinlej-, g-2.
Owinp to the rontitiufK] scarcity of hare?
th^re will be no midweek meeting on
Wodr.^sdav.
FOURTEEN-POUND
SALMON PROVES
THE STAR CATCH
P. E. Kennetti Lands a
Great Fish Near Camp
Taylor.
The Trout Season Opens Auspiciously
Despite the Discomforts Inci
dental to a Heavy Rain
and a High Wind.
?
The unexpected rain and the.hiph wind
which prevailed yesterday had a depress
ing effect on the fishermen who went far
afield in quest of trout upon tho opening
day of the season. It also had the effect
of keeping down the size of the strings
with which the anglers returned. The
star catch of the day. so far reported, was
that of a fotirteen-pnund salmon by P. R.
Kennetti. at the bridge below Camp Tay
lor. For one hmir and six minutes the
great fish fought for his life and then,
worn out by his efforts to escape, he suc
cumbed and was landed.
The sensational struggle attracted all
the anglers in the vicinity. They lined
the banks of the stream and watched with
eager interest the efforts of the great lish
to free himself from me fly which had
seemed so tempting a morsel when he
saw it alight softly on 'the surface of the
water. Air. Kennetti used a six and three
quarter-ounce rod.
The honor of catching the largest trout
belongs to J. F. Slebe. secretary of the
Tamalpais Club. The tish weighed a lit
tle over two and a half pounds. The
members of the Tamalpais Club rented
the fishing rights of ttu- streams on the
old Throckmnrtnn ranch, and Howard
Black. F. S. Butler. H. \V. Wayne, Fred
Drirkhou.-=e and W. C. Hrcwn left the city
on Saturday night to be early on hand
for the opening day. The three former
fished together and eaueht among them
over seventy-rive fish. Drinkhouse and
BIail», a!«o members of the club, caught
over ninety. All the members complained
that the wind f;l»*w so hard that it was
almost impossible to cast a fly. but that
the streams abounded with fish. William
Osborn caught three dozen fair size fi«h.
but left the club grounds early Jrs the
day.
E. W. S. Van Slyke t»»lls a good story
on himself and John Butler, the veteran
angler. On Saturday afternoon they de
cided they wou'd get their hand in by
doing a little tide-water fishing at Point
Reyes. They sat for over two hour?, but
were unable" to land a tish. A small boy
arrived nn the seem 1 with the proverbial
two-bit fishing rod, nnd they had the mor
tification cf seeing Inm land over thirty
fnif fish in less tbar. an hour. Both fish-
Kitifn made up for their bad luck yes
terday by bringing home good baskets of
iish.
H. Robertson and J. TV. dibb fished the.
streams near Tocnlomn and cam*' back
to the city with a string of tweaty-three
trout.
Amor.tr oth£T« who flsbrrt at Tnraloma
were "D<^" Watr. Frank Poble and
Charles Frecht. They all had a good
day's spur*, but claimed they wore s»
vefe'y handicapped by th*> wind. H. I. add
(aught forty fair s.'zp trout at Camp Tay
lor. H. 15. Platt. E. Rtadokor and \,.
Frank went up to Liberty Saturday night.
but fortune did not ?mil<^ on th«m. as be
tween th»m they only rnujrht seven trout.
averaging from three-quarters to a half
pound each.
\V. A. Cooper and George Walker fished
at Glen Ellen and modestly claimed hav
ing caught a fair string.
A. I. Moner was one of about fifty ang
lers at the bridge near Cnmp Taylor. He
causrht five good size trout.
PICNICKERS ARE
FOOLED BY THE
WEATHER CLERK
Turn Cut in All Their Sum
mer Finery at Schuet
zen Park.
A Heavy Rainfall Interferes wuj
Out of Door Games, but Danc
ing and Rifle Shooting Aro
Hot Interrupted.
. ?
In spite of the rain that fell in torrents
over ktxrec thousand people braved the eU
ments yesterday an.t .lanced the hours
away at Schuetzen I'ark. m-ar San Katael.
Shirtwaists c.f rainbow buea and the ir.
evttable .luck shirts whirled in the danc
ing pavilion, while the patter of the April
shower wuj heard "n the roof,
The first picnic of the season seldom
fails to> bring out the rougher element,
but the general dampness which gathered
in puddles on the benches and churned
the dirt walk* Into paths of sticky muu.
was not conducive to festive con
duct, and everybody seemed «:n their best
behavior. Tht: promise of "good order
blazoned forth on tickets and posters waa
kept to the letter.
In the afternoon the sun enticed many
people out of doors until a fresh down
pour drove them barlt to cover. Stani
families, who brought tntir luncheon in
biK baskets, had to abandon all idea of
banrjuetinc in sylvan shades and con
sumed their eatables In the bowling a!l«\v.
Over ' in the shooting ranges rinV*
cracked and tarpets were punctured
throuKbout the day. Phi!f« Jacoby. the
veteran, mounted a table in the shootir.kT
pavilion, and in a few weli-chosen re
marks declared the sprinsj festival of the
California Schuetzen Club open. Al
thouuh the bad lieht was acralnst good
scores, some excellent shooting was done.
In the Schnetzen section [nt the Verein
Elntracht's medal shoot scores were aa
follows:
r. A. Kuhls W2. H. Rel!vn*chne!d SSI. Sec
ond claw, R. t-'pehr, J10; third class, O. I,u>l
vrig. 3(1: first h.'s: snots- R. Stettin. 25: F«
KuhK 23. Tb« drum corps also competed.
In the California Schuetzen Club's medal
Fhoot the veteran John T'tschiK added
fresh laurels to his crown witri a winning
.•¦• core of 223—219. Other scores were as
follows:
J. K. Mason. 216. >.": C Ptnif^ker. lit. 2H.
Second champion class— A. Rahwyler. «2. l-? ;
r>. B. Faktor. ;ir. mi; O. Meyer, 21«. 191: V.
J. «'arroll. WB. IX: Captain F. -\. Kuh!«. I'l,
I*7- C. Uraerrur. V.2. 191; William Ehrenpfort.
5:9." IJ2. First rla?»— M. C. Henderson. 2<'>. :->.
Second clasf— A. f?ehr»t. -!7. 2>>7: J. Kullmann.
2fi!». 189; J. Jone*. 2'- > . -'I; ' "aptain F. Attlnjrer.
2^4: C J. WHii'en. 204. E. Wwnnf. 191:
R. Stfttin. Il*'.I 1 *'. 1S1; A. Jungblut. 1«S. 177: A.
Hajnpel. 1T"». 1«9; L» i". Babin. I^7. 138. Thini
class- Charlca 11. : ; af;ehorn, 174. IST: 11. Langvr.
2^l Is.*:I s '.*: A. Scbtraiyf. SI. »9: F, Waller, I*4.
18L Fourth class— W. Nr.!<!en. 1??. I*9: F.
\>'<fT. I.V», 14«; Pr. N\ If. Altkew, 143. 13ft
cmiPt class— W. Woeane, 135, K"J: U. Mayfcrer,
M. 63.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1900.
6AMERICAN LINE.
RT YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PA3I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul April 4!St. Paul April 23
St. Louis April 111 St. Loula May 3
New York April ls:New Torli May 9
RED STAf? LINE.
New Yorl^ arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Frlesland April 4fKensington ....April 23
Southward April 1L Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April lSiFriesland May 9
EMPIRE LINE.
B S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 2». to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings. June SO. July SI, Auk. 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full information reg-ardlng freight andi
eassaF*" apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery «t., or any of lta amenta.
Social Club's Outing.
The fifteenth annual prize picnic of
Court Oakland and Court Shell Mound
¦ocial clubs was held yesterday at Shell
Mound Park. There was a fair attend
ance, considering the weather.
Thirty gate prizes were given to those
holding winning tickets. Aside from the
dancing racing on the park track was the
attraction of the occasion. Twelve mer
chandise prizes were given to the win
ners In the several events. The affair was
under the management of the following
committees:
Floor manajtir, M. J. O'Day. Floor commit
tee—A. Stevenson. J. Gobell. J. Stevens, W.
Bavles*. Commute* on gam«s- J. Msson, H.
C&toi. F. \Vlllibr*nt. K. rasey, E. Coujrhlln.
i"nmnilttf« «f arrangements —A. Stevenson
(ehairrrar.>. D. I^avier. E. rouehlln. J. Stevens.
J <iibei! H. <"ator. W. Eayless, F. Casey, J.
Nls«- n. F. "WMlbrant.
ADVERTISEatEICTS.
major, op. ,TT, No. 2; Etude. G flat, op.
25. No. ft; Prelude, A flat, op. 2S. No. 17:
Berceuse; Valse. op. 34 (Chopin; Noc
turne (Paderewski); Rhapsodle, llon
groise. No. 2 • Liszt).
Paderewski goes to Fre?no and San Jose
during the week anu will give his last re- '
cital in this city, at the California Thea- J
ter, next Sunday night, when he will give
a request programme.
stable of Henry J. Crocker. "Washington
and Laguna streets, last night, causing
a loss of about $3000. Two valuable Po
meranian terriers belonging to Mr.
Crocker were suffocated by the smoke.
The fire started in the rear of the second!
loft, probably from electric wires. George
Davis, a member of Truck i. fell from a
ladder and sustained several bruises and
had several bones of his left hand frac
tured. His injuries were dressed at tha
Henry J. Crocker's Stable Burned.
Fire broke out In the two-story brick
by Spryer Brothers, whose reorganization
of the fival railroad— the Central Pacific-
Is still fresh in tho memory <- lf tne market.
Suicide of a Penniless Man.
SAN JOSE. April I.— This morning two
boys discovered the body of a man hang
ing a rope from the coyote bridge on
S.ir.ta Clara street. It was cut down,
taken to the Morsrue and an inquest held.
In the dead man's pocket was found a
note stating that his name was William.
Frick ar.d that he was without money or
friends. He was 40 years of age and a
laborer. Nothing is known of him here.
Struck by a Train.
Special .Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 1.— To-night at a
late hour a 17-year-olrt youth named E. J.
Pendergast of San Francisco was acci
dentally run over in the railroad yards
on Front street, both legs being cut off.
Pendergast is a brother of Thomas E.
Pendergast. who is employed at the Sun
set Restaurant in San Francisco and his
guardian is I. \V. Hellman, president of
the Union Trust Company and the Ne
vada Bank. It is supposed Pendergast
will die.
German Statesman Insane.
BERLIN. April 2.— Carl Oertel. a well
known member of the Reichstag, has be
come insane.
ply that all fools would he given choice
slabs if properly presented and "on the
dead."
"Biily" Roedrr. famousas a mixer of any
old kind of a drink, racked his brain for
two days concocting a new wrinkle. lie
Kave an order for a dozen fake umbrellas,
nothing but pieces of wood that bore tho
specious outward look of swell le-ithrr
covered rain protectors. From time to
time during the day patrons of his saloon
would bump against one of those um
brellas hanging: on the railing before the
bar. Then the friendly barkeeper would
approach, whisper diabolical suggestions
In thoir ears and in a moment patron and
umbrella would leave the-saloon together.
Of course, the si;i of taking an umbrella
that another left was sport pure and un
adulerated. But these umbrellas did not
open. Boeder timed his Joke woll. for the
rain came «long very conveniently.
Out on Oak street, the +» block, where
Gerhardt and William WVmpe reside in
adioining houses, there was a rattle of
«f=KAT special day of the year set
a?Me for some mortals to realize
H that wisdom does not roost in every
1 hrad has come and gone. This
April Fool's Oay was like unto many that
hay« preceded it, and the explanations
that were given yesterday by the delud
ed mortals upon whom the pranks and
Jokes of the mischief-makers were played.
:n excuse for their gullllbllity were more
picturesque and fantastic than in years'
pnr.p by. •
The Morpu'' was a favorite point of at
tack and Deputies P. H. Klynn un<i P.
1. MeCormick worked their "telephone
<-ar? " all day answering fake calls for The
dead that never die. One facetious and
public-spirited citizen reported a purely
p^yehicaJ suicide and murder at the Cliff
—. Another, who was told to rine; up
?.!aln :C<47— the Morgue telephone number—
and when he pave his name and asked
what was wanted of him received the re-
carriages, cabs and coupes from morning
till night. Some kind friend had tele
phoned to a dozen ftables for a varied lot
of vehicles, and they all came. It was
like the lirst night of an opera in front
of the Wempe homes. Both brothers re
fuse to settle the bills, and there is more
than one wild-eyed stable proprietor in
this city to-day.
A prominent music-lover who resides in
tho Western Addition was brought home
f-arly yesterday morning— for the first
time in many days — because he overheard
a conversation that was manufactured for
his special beneiit. His house had been
razed to the eround by a tire that had
only an imaginary existence. Such whs
his hurry that he thought Mendelssohn
wan a violinist and Ysaye a pianist.
The merry work rnn its course and the
jokers put to bfd— for another year— when
they will shake off their lethargy, bring
out the old "joshes" in new dress and
with ecjual success.
LAMEDA, April I.— Douglas U.
// \\ Quint, an assistant weigher in the
Ji % United States customs service at
San Francisco, was suspended yes
terday morning by Surveyor of the Port
Joseph S. Spear Jr. This morning about
7 o'clock the lifeless body of Quint was
found in a bed at his home. 1917 Chestnut
street, this city, by his wife. ' Death was
due to asphyxiation by gas.
AVhether Quint's demise was accidental
or premeditated is problematical, but sev
eral circumstances tend to show that the
gas was turned on with a deadly pur
pose. Quint had of late spoken to several
of his friends about making away with
himself. Three weeks ago he took out a
lift> insurance policy for JoOt*).
Yesterday afternoon Quint called at the
barber-shop of Bruno Kunck, on Park
street, near Railroad avenue, and after
asking for a friend sat for pome time In
the shop without speaking and appearing
to be in a despondent mood. Quint re
tired early last evening. About 11 o'clock
Mrs. Quint, who had been entertaining a
lady caller, opened the door of her hus
band's bedroom, looked in. and. observ
ing that he was apparently slumbering
peacefully, retired to her own room with
her young child.
Some time after mhlnlpht Mrs. Quint
heard noises in her husband's room, but
thinking that he had arisen to secure a
drinK of water, she made no investigation.
This morning on going to the rinor of her
husband's room she detected the odor of
gas. She entered the room and was horri
ned at the ghastly look on her husband' 3
face. She rushed out of the nouse and
notified several neighbors and also sent
for Dr. C. O. Bull. An examination waa
made, and although tjuint"s body was still
warm h»> was btyond all human aid.
The dead man was th^ son of the lato
Judge Leander tjuint and Mrs. M. E.
Quint. His mother, with a son, Leander
Quint, and dauphtrr. Mis* E. Quint, reslda
at 1553 Pacific avenue. Deceased was a
i.ative of Sacramento, aged 22 years.
About six years ago Quint married Miss
Jessie Wall, a daughter of the late Gen
eral Joseph G. Wall. Tht>r»- waa much
opposition on tht- part of the bride'a
part nts to her marriage with Quint, bur it
is said that tht family differences were
adjusted shortly before the death of Gen
eral Wall.
Quint was suspended from the customs
service nn<- year agr> on account of his
undue Indulgence in liquor, but was*
taken back p*-ndinp good behavior.
Mrs. Quint was left a large share of tha
rstrite of her father, which was valued at
SnuO.fYi. A splendid n^w residence that
waa intended for tbfl family is now about
completed '<n Grand street, between En
cinal and Alaineda avenues.
Coroner M"hrmann will hold an inquest
in the case to-morrow at 4:30 p. m.
Will Meet Debris Commis
sion To-Day to Discuss
His Mission.
Typical Instance of Rejuvenation of
California Mining Property and
Interesting Facts From
Many Sections.
An important conference took place Sun
day between Hon. A. Caminetti and the
Debris Commission concerning the mission
of Mr. Caminetti in Washington to urge
that the restraining dania shall be built at
once. The com:ni3sion is favorable to the
work and there is $500,000 on hand ready
to begin with. Mr. Caminetti will prob
ably start for Washington on Tuesday of
this week. Attorney General Ford and
Senator Davis of Amad6r will counsel
with Mr. Caminetti in Washington. The
California delegation is favorable, and the
recent extra session of the Legislature
adopted resolutions advocating early
work.
An item of interest In mining news is
the rejuvenation of a mine in Yuba Coun
ty, in Browns Valley, which was once a
thriving mining camp, but which has been
idle for many years, until four years ago
the Webb Gold Mining Company opened
the DanebroKe-Pennsylvania mines, which
now are being operated by the Victor Min
ing Company. The theme is familiar.
Many mining (.amps that were deserted
have been started up again and are pay
ing well, owing to the general advance in
facilities and economies of operation.
There is a shaft iH.it! feet down at the
Danebroge and the company has drifted
feOO feet.
The mill, hoist, pump and all the works
are run by electricity furnished by the
i'uba Power Company. Among the old
mines in this locality were the Daniel
Webster, Americus, Jefferson, Pennsyl
vania, llawkeye, Danebroge, Paragon,
Mastick and Rattlesnake. ; There were
others, some of which will be reopened,
in all probability. Large sums were onco
taken irom them. In reopening the Dane
broge various relics were found to remind
the workers of their predecessors. One
of these was a candle, partly burned, that
had been dropped in tne mine something
like, forty yeard ago. George Leszirisky
is the manager and T. J. Hlbbert the
superintendent.
In explanation of a recent ruling of the
United States Land Office concerning the
work that must be done in a group of
claims Register Blanchard of Salt Lake
City writes: "The ruling of the Commis
sioner of the Land urnce was in a case
where the applicant sought to apply the
work done on the gruund for which
United States patents nad been issued in
1»75 as the »o<w improvements on a lode
claim or recent uate and for which a
separate application and entry had just
been made. There- was a timo when tne
land otliee accepted sucn improvements
upon patented ground for later locations
as sulncient compliance with the require
ments that ib>») worth of labor or im
provements must be expended or made to
enable tne owner or owners to obtain
the United States patent.
"This and this only is now affected by
the new ruling. Where the work is done
and the improvements made upon one
claim of a group, the claims of tho group
consolidated, and the whole group e»n
braced in one entry and application for a
patent, there is no change in the practice,
and there is no doubt but what this work
and improvements will hold the group
and enable the applicants to obtain pat
ents trom the Government."
The official mint reports of the mineral
productions of the State of Colorado In
the year IM»9, as revised, show the tuilow
ing totals: Gold, $26,265, 4^7 ; coinage value
ot silver, $29,b7'J,7u6; lead, $6,061,150; copper,
$1,275,518; total value ot gold and silver,
$55,y4j,iya; total value of ail minerals pro
uuced, J&J.971,bt)7. The commercial value of
the silver produced was *1:j,7u7,582.
In the Snasta King copper mine, in the
Backbone district, bnasiu. County, above
Copley, six compressed air drills will be
put to work in the different tunnels. An
order has been placed for the drills by
John Fillins. The people back of the mine
are Bostonlans.
Sam Duncan, J. W. Harris, D. C. Me-
Dotigal, H. 11. Huntington and P. W.
Grant of Hopland have ounded the Gilles
pie Quicksilver mine, near the Mountain
House.
The Last Chance Gold Mining Com
pany, wnich recently purchased tne I'aul
sen," Union Hill and Uutton Creek piucer
properties, in Trinity County, will cut a
iweive-mile ditch to take water out of
Grass Valley Creek. \V. 11. Hill is the
general manager.
The new cyanide plant at Hedges, San
Diego County, was started on the 21th
inst. It has a capacity of 33-1 1-3 tons of
tailings per day, which capacity will be
enlarged three-told later. There will be
'Mo stamps at the mines, capable of handl
ing 1100 tons of ore per day.
•ihe Royal Consolidated Mining Com
pany at Hudson will, so the MoKelumne
Hill Chronicle says, erect a new tki-stamp
mill near their mine, to be used in con
nection with the old 60-stamp mill, which
is some distance from the works. When
the old m'lll was built it was impossible
to bring the water used in the batteries
nearer to the mine. Now the company
gets water from the Salt Spring Valley
reservoir, which overcomes the old difh
culty.
The Redding Searchlight is authority
for the statement that the Tarbet people
of Salt Lake have a new bond on the
Afterthought mine, and that the bonders
will work fifteen men, divided into three
shifts. A shaft will be sunk between 200
and 300 feet, when the ledge will be drifted
on to determine the extent of the prop
erty.
Tne new Blue Point mine at Smartsville,
Yuba County, will be operated by the
milling process hereafter. Richard Irvine
& Co. of New York have become interest
ed with William Kohnun, lessee of the
property. It was tirst worked as a hy
draulic proposition; then was drifted.
Drifting was abandoned because the top
gravel caved to the depth ut 250 feet.
The Gannan mines, consisting of four
teen claims, situated in the Arrow mining
district, San Bernardino County, nave
been sold. Shafts, tunnels and drifts on
the property amount to 1500 fet-t. The pur
chasers are the Gannon Gold and Copper
Alining and Milling Company, incorporat
ed by W. A. Barker, T. A. Gannon. I. U.
Inskeep, John J. Shay and O. H. Barker
of Los Angeles.
W. A. Temple has been East in connec
tion with the sale of the Mammoth and
Balakala copper mines in Shasta County,
which he has bonded. The first has a
price of $101,500 upon it and the second
$100,000. The bonds expire April 5.
CAMINETTI WILL
START FOR EAST
WITHOUT DELAY
Easter cards now ready for mailing to
Eastern friends. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market street "
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THH
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
Mtsonxth to sexual organ*. Depot. 32 Jl»»'<<t«
fHtPfIMSj? Th « S. S. Anitran*
jfii£d*li^ ' alls for Honolulu
t^^^^* Wednesday. April 4.
B •*». 19 °0. at 2p. m.
Q*SZ, r ,l',S\ The S. S. Moana
rtMCrHHSnD^ " allß vla Honolulu and
G^moljiM Auckland for Sydner
{pmD3(lth Wednesday. April IS.
-^ — r. M at Bp. m.
Favorltn line around the world via Hawaii.
Famoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Sues.
England, etc; $«10 first claw.
I. D. SfKcCKELS & IiROS. CO.. Agt ».. 114 Uontgomer)
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight 0ff1ce.327 Market SL
RELICS IN A DREDGE.
Ancient British Cannon Taken From
the Savannah River.
SAVANNAH. Ga., April I.— The dredge
Babcock, at work in the river here to-day,
picked up two old type English cannon
in a man-of-war wreck. One gun weigh?
about 1000 pounds and the other 850
pounds. The vessel is supposed to have
been sunk at the time of the British oc
cupation of this city, when the French
allies sailed up the river to attack them.
A number of cannon balls -and several
t.ll"er coins of a date of more than 100
years ago have also been taken out.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, i p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of eallinz.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. April 23th. 1300
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday, May 19th. 1900
S3. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday, June 14th, 19C0
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage ap pi y at company's office.
421 Market st., corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PILE-DRIVING ENGINES.
Worthlngton Steam Pumps & Water Metera.
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum & Bowen.
HEINSBERG'S HOME IS
LOOTED BY BURGLARS
During the Ahseuce of the Family
Thieves Carry Away Consider
able Booty.
Through the Industry of one or more
burglars the expenses of J. A. Heins
berg's two ¦weeks' outing were ma
terially increased. Mr. Ileinsberg with
his family left the city two week 3
ago for. an outing and, not think
ing of burglars, left all the family
plate, plated-war«» jewelry and -my val
uable pieces of bric-a-brac in their home,
2142 Sutter street. Saturday the family
returned home and found the interior of
the house a wreck. All of the articles men
tioned were missing, and the contents of
drawers and chests were scattered over
the rooms.
An investigation developed the fact that
the burglar or burglars gained entrance
either with a key or lock pick. The mat
ter was reported to the police, but like
many other burglaries that have occurred
in the Western Addition during the past
few months there is no clew to the crim
inal. ¦-'¦<' -¦"•:
PORTABLB HOUSES.
BTJRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builder** Ex.. a. F.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Ptpnmers leave Broadway
wharf. San Francisco:
For Alaskan ports — 10 a. m.,
April 1. 6. 11. 15. 21. 26; May 1.
Change to company's steamers
at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C.) Port Townsend. Seattle,
Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
10 a. m., April 1. 6 11. 16, 21.
26; May 1. and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
fnr Alaska and O. X. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka Humboldt Hay— 2 p. m.. April 4,
9, 14, 19, 24, 23; May 4, and every fifth day there-
after. " " „
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anreles>. and Newport— 9
a. m.. April 1. 5. 9. 13. 17., 21. 23. 29; May 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Dtejro, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Anffoles and Redondo (Lo« Angeles)— ll a. m..
April 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27; May 1, and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Maedalena Bay. San Jnme del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company s
folder.
The company reserves the rijrht to char.tte
steamers, sailing dates end hours of Balling,
without orevious notice.
TICKKT (>F\i<Jb-4 New Montgomery
6treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PRRKINS & CO.. Gen. Alrts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
HONORS TO SOLDIER KNIGHTS.
Pythians Bury Eemains of Com
rades Who Died in Phil
ippines.
Another funeral procession wound up
the road to the National Cemetery at the
Presidio yesterday. It was led by three
caissons bearing the bodies of three mem
bers of the Fourth Cavalry, who died in
the Philippines. The men were all mem
bers of the order of the Knights of
I'ythias, and it was under the auspices of
their old lodge. Mars Lodge No. 202, that
they were buried.
The men were sergeant Major Robert
son, Sergeant Craig of Troop C and Pri
vate Branigan of Troop B. Their bodies
have been in the Y. M. C. A. building until
such a time as the lodge could get to
gether and hold suitable ceremonies at
their interment.
The column of knights with a band met
the caissons at the Lombard-street gate.
An escort and firing party of twelve men
from the Third United States Artillery
had been provided from the garrison. The
pall bearers were Past Chancellors Robert
G. Barton, "Eugene J. Sullivan, Theodore
Dormer, It. M. Beach and Fred S. Holland.
Grand Prelate Albert S. Morrison of Mars
Lodge officiated. ¦ V: -
At the grave Past Supreme Representa
tive George H. Morrison delivered the
funeral oration. It was an eloquent trib
ute to the memory of his gallant com
rades. They had been held high in the
esteem both of their brother knights and
their comrades in the regiment, and of the
hundreds who followed the flag-draped
caissons there were few who had not been
their friends.
The full ritual of the Pythian burial
service was rendered and then the three
volleys and taps gave them their last
farewell.
and Worry bring* on. Nervous Prostration,
Sleeplessness., and an endless train
of Painful Disorders*
Dft Miles 9 Nervine*
on from overwork and anxiety: and al-
though I tried a number of different
remedies for this disorder. I obtained
little or no benefit from any of them.
In fact, some of the advertised remedies
: When the r.erves and organs of the
' body arc well and and the worn-
out tissues and waste products are quick-
ly removed from the system, a tre-
n;cndous amount of hard work can be
<k»nc without serious injury. It is
when the nerve tissues and brain cells
arc used up faster than they arc re-
placed by new ones, when the fires of
fife consume faster than the fuel can
be furnished, that brain, nerves and
.. i-ital organs suffer — cry out with
;neuralgii, heart disease, rheumatism.
-Wrvous dyspepsia — and finally break
-down. Dr. Miles' Restorative Nervine
is food for the worn-out brain r.n<!
. tvasted tissues. It gives a healthy
•appetite; makes the weak stomach
Ftrong; increases the flow of digestive
juices and puts the lazy liver to work.
It is the greatest blood vitalizcr and
: xierve remedy science ha? produced.
"I was suffering from sleeplessness
and painful nervous sensations, brought
ceem to increase rather than diminish
the difficulty, until one day I determined
to give Dr. Miles' Nervine a trial. The
first few doses convinced me that I had
found a specific for my trouble and I
continued its use with the most satis-
factory results. It seemed to feed tho
nervous system, r.fford restful sleep
without :.ny of the after effects of an
opiate or any artificial stimulant and
can be discontinued at will. I deem it
the best remedy for nervous people now
on the marktt.
"REV. WARREN W. REYNOLDS.
'"Pastor Brightwood M. E. Church.
"Indianapolis. Ind."
Dr. Miles' Nervine is sold at all drue-
gists on a positive guarantee. Write
for free advice aid booklet to
Dr. Miles* Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEI*
LOSS OF MEMBERSHIP
IN THE M. E. CHURCH
In the course of a sermon on "Things
"We Should Leave for Christ," Dr. E.
Nelander, pastor of the English Lutheran
Church, said last evening:
The Bishops of the Methodist church have
called upon that denomination tr> devote a week
to fasting and prayer in view of the fact that
the church lias for the first time in its history
failed to make an advance and Instead Is called
upon to record a liackward step. This Is the
most appalling statistic of the day. There is
c dearth in all denominations. Xor has the
Lutheran church occasion to look on with com
placency, although it has made a marked ad
vance all along the line, for the fact remains
that the results have been Insignificant com
pared with what could and what should have
been achieved.
"At this poor dying- rate" the millennium will
be long In coming. With a half-starved clergy,
for the average salary of ministers In the
United States U less than 16M; with the decline
in congregational singing; with the languish
ing Sunday schools: with the Sabbath desecra
tion tolerated even by professed Christians— in
short, with the worldly mlndedness and half
heartedness now prevalent the world will never
be captured for Christ. But the Inherent power
of the cowpel Is an earnest of a better time
coming. To your knees. O Israel!
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. C 25 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME HOUSES FOR SALE.
12x16 ft., J130; 16x20 ft.. J2OO. Apply to the
HCMBOLDT LUMBER CO., Third and
Washinßtnn sts., Oakland, Cal.
SAND CENTRIFUOAL PUMPS:
¦/r./\/>ii & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
KKI/Vjll Jl '« dail >". x 30-Hil gasoline en-
gine cheap. 9 Stevenson. S. F.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMENDS FOR THE
MURDER OF MR. BROOKS
—
Guilty Parties Will Be Beheaded and
a Memorial Chr.pel Erected by
Chinese Government.
PEKING, April I.— The Chinese Govern
ment has st-ttied the controversy arising
out of the murder on December 3 last of
the Rev. Mr. Brooks of the Church Mi?-
Fionary Society on the following terms:
Two of the murderers will b* beheaded.
< ne imprisoned for life, one for ten year?
another for two years a memorial chapel
will be erected upon the site, of the mur
der and a tabW will b^ placed in Can
iofcbury Cathedral. England, at the ex-
Dense of the Chinese Government.
Rev. Mr. Brooks at th* time of his
murder was stationed at Ping \in in th<»
province of Shantung. He was captured
H that vicinity and killed by members of
?h^ seditious* society known as the
••Boxers.',' who had boon very active In
destroying villages and slaughtering na
tive Christians.
LONDON. April 2.-Th<» Peking corre-
Fpond€-nt of the Dally Mail says: Li Hung
Chang Viceroy of Canton, recently wired
the Chinese authorities that Kang Yu
Wei lh« reformer, had ordered SOW uni
forms in Honekong. The Empress Dow
,-icer was much alarmed by the news, and
Li Hung Chang has sent a formal prou-st
»o the British Governor of Hongkong
.-.gainst permitting Kang Yu Wei's propa
ganda. -
TIP ON SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
London Speculators B€gard the Stock
"With Favor.
«?«S#c!«l cab!* to The fail and New Toric Her
* aid! Cor-yriKht. WW. W Q* Herald Pub
lifcMr.g Company.
LONLmjN. April I.— Tn spit<» of the very
extensive profit-taking in American mar
fcins and the fact of its being only a half
business <iav. ptocks ended decidedly Jinn
vfFterday. In Americans there are two
tin* given out by th«* smart contingent—
Erie Ffcond preferred and Southern Pa
¦c'flc Those who control the former think
{hW are roing to bring it up to 53 within
a fhort tfrne. Southern Pacific is tipped,
-owing to a very strong move being maij
WASHED UPON THE ROCKS
OF NARROW-GAUGE MOLE
Body Supposed to Be That of Jack
Lowry Recovered From
the Bay.
ALAMKDA, April I.— A body, believed
to that of Jack Lowry, who jumped from
an Oakland boat on the 23d ult., was
found by two flshermen on the rocks at
the south side of the narrow-gauge mole
this morning. The general appearance of
the body is that of Lowry, and the identi
fication is made the more complete from
the fact that there was found on the body
one of the cards of the Brilliant Sign Let
ter Company, a firm which Lowry was
representing just before he disappeared.
It was k7iown that Lowry was feeling
very despondent over business losses.
When last seen he was on his way to the
narrow-gauge mole.
The body recovered from the water is
hardly recognizable. It can be seen,
however, that there is a tattooed ring ou
the little finger of the left hand, two more
of the same kind on the index finger of
the same hand and an anchor tattooed on
the left wrist.
JOKERS CUT LOOSE ON
THE ANNUAL FOOL'S DAY
COON SONGS AND
MELODRAMA MIXED
There was a largo, delighted, delicious
audience at the California Theater yester
day afternoon to see "On the Suwanee
River" — one of those responsive, human
crowds, that take melodrama more seri
ously than life itself and throb breath
lessly through these conflicts between vir
tue and vice with spasms of applause and
outbreaks of villain-hissing that give joy
to the managers and- promote the gayety
of the normal minority.
But the audience was not the only
amusing feature of the performance.
There is comedy in "On the Suwanee
River," most of which is furnished by
Stella Mahew, who does coon with a near
ness to the real thing that is admirable
and which marks ht-r an artist of in
dividual ability. She hasn't the best kind
of a part, and when she takes her turn
at specialties her songs are without any
merit whatever, except that which her
personality and cleverness give them.
This Is considerable, and if she but had
a chance at some good material she would
be sure to arrive.
Miss Mahew's make-up Is so good and
her coonisms are so truthful that if she
did not expose her Caucasian cuticle
above her grease-paint gloves in self
defense one would be justified in taking
her for a gentlewoman of color.
There is a quartet of real blacks with
the company, one member of which is
noteworthy, not only for his extreme
length but for his humor, which, although
exagerated, is not the less laughable. He
gives evidence, too, of having a very fair
voice and a capital Irish dialect, and
should be glv^n a chance to do some
thing single-handed, with the chances all
in his favor of making a hit. His name,
as well as I could ascertain from the pro
gramme, is Joe Jeanette.
The quartet sings only comic songs,
which is a relief after years of "The Old
Oakt-n Bucket" and similar abominations,
and deserves the thanks as well as the
applause of every one. There is merit in
the acting of Lew A. Warner, and noth
ing offensive in the rest of the distribu
tion. The worst feature of the per
formance and the most popular was the
bad singing of a bad song by Fred Tms
dalo: but, as he was encored a half dozen
times he will probably persist in pleasing
in spite of my dissent.
PORTER GARNETT.
AVillie Collier enters upon the second
and last week of "Mr. Smooth" at the
Columbia this evening. The star is clever,
the play is humorous and the company is
capable, and altogether a very good en
tertainment is offered. West's minstels
will follow, beginning a series of popular
price attractions, to appear at the Colum
bia for a limited period.
The James Neill Company, which prom
ises to be an important engagement, will
open at the California Theater Monday
evening, April 9. The company has been
well received In the Kast for the past
seven years and has in its repertoire a list
of excellent plays. The opening bill will be
Sol Smith Russell's success, "A Bachelor's
Romance," which is new to San Fran
cisco.
"The Brownies in Fairyland," recently
seen at the California, will bp presented
by the same children, under the direction
of S. 11. Friedlander & Co., at the Grand
Opera-house next Sunday afternoon and
eveninp. Seats are now on sale at the
opf-ra-house box office.
To-night the Alcazar will give the first
performance of "Quo Vadis." The pro
duction will be on a large scale and flab
orate preparations have been made to in
sur» thoroughness in all details.
At the Grand Opera-house "The Beppar
Student" is to be given for the final week
of the present company. Morosco's new
company will open April 1".. in "An Ara
bifin Girl and Forty Thieves."
The Tivoli has started another run with
"Manila Hound," which enters its seeon«l
•week to-night.
The Orpht urn has for the present week:
Mathows and Harris in a farce, "Adam
the Second"; Cogrill and Arlea in a musi
cal comedy. "A Hot Lunch"; Earle and
Shepherd, "Carrie Behr, A. L. Guille, and
other?.
At Fischer's Concert House the third
act of "Faust" is being Riven, in addition
to vocal and instrumental selections hy
the Italian artists and Hinrichs' orches-
The Black Bartons have been added to
the bill at the Olympla.
The programme for Taderewski's con
cert to take, place Monday afternoon at
the California, is as follows: Croma
tischo Fantaslo and Fupue (Hach); So
nata, op. 11l (Beethoven); Sonata, op. 11.
F sharp minor (Schumann); Nocturne, G
rHJS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1900.
DEADLY ILLUMINATING
GAS ENDS QUINT'S LIFE
DOUGLAS U. QUINT, VICTIM OF DESPONDENCY.
M^^H Bn * im Goliifiekls
hS**r-¥zs^ one< U na ff ecte d by extreme
Winchester Ammunition
Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
ll^PliiPili name anc * address on a postal card for
u{ 160-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
%^ 4>B Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
DREDGING PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pnmpa.
EnslnesAßollern. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L PETERSON. E44A Mission. 9. F.; communi-
cations from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or »alt water for sluice bcxet;
high or low lifts. Simonds. 33 Market st
PUMPS AND GASOLINE ENGINES.
AH kinds of Pumps and Gasoline Engines.
WOODIN & LITTLE. 312 Market «t.. 8. B\
BEACH GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All th« Gold by Gravitation. No quick-
silver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
GOL» SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co., 123 Ist.
MATTESON'S SLUICE WASHER.
Lone torn, riffles and carpet combined saves
placer cold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market ft.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savinc Machine. 229 Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS l» fllllr«
many orders tor Nome. 141-143 First «t.. S. F.
OROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits racked. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard.
80S Fourth. 1202 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
LIQUORS-
U/HICI/FV L - CAHEN & SON,
W IIIOsVL I 418 Sacramento.
OILS.
LfBRTCATINn Oil. Crude Oil anfl Gasoline.
FN3ION A McGUFFICK. 23 Bpear St.. B. F.
PLATES TOR SAVING GOLD.
Schaezlein & Burrldee, 3 Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BELL, Central PlatlnK Works. 852 Mls-
Vlon «t.. S. F. Phone Jessie JCI.
ROCKERS.
nftrtfOC Hula-Hula Rocker; Centrifugal
hlithtO Sand Pumps; Machinery. PABKE
& LACT CO.. 21 Fremont st.
THE 8. R. & H. GO.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMXB3 TO
DP O PL T L -A.2Sr:D
From Ep«-ar-str«et Wharf at 10 a. itl
CADE £!2 F'rst Class Inclurlic* Bertfcf
IMmC $8 Second Class and Zleali.
BTATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
April 3
COLUMBIA sails April 3
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
€30 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
ENGINES, BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON. Enitlnes and Hollvn :
lowest prices on ths coast Pine & Davis sts.
FURS.
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOEFLICH. U6 Grant aye.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers. bai«. tent*.
covers. II and *3 California «t.
CCHPAQNIZ CENEKALE TRANSATLANTIC!:.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVP.E-PARIS. f-ri^n
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 4Qjr^»
Saturday, from November 2. ISO 9. at ¦«"•"'¦ •i*--
10 a. m".. from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton St.: LA BKF.TAGNK. April 5; L"AQUI-
TAIXK. April 12: LA GASCOGNn. April 13;
LA TOUUAINE. April 26. First clan to
Havre. JfiO and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trip. Second class to Havre. J43; S
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL*
AGENCY FOri UNITED STATE 3 AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldln*). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
AKents. 5 Montgomery aye.. Pan Francisco.
BAY AND KIVER STEAMERS.
nFORF^iA^YAR^NfvALIIior
Steamer "Monticello. ** 3RW
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. ra.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. a
p. m. Landinsr and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. Z. Telephone Mala IMS.
FARB •••• 800
visit OR- JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
Ck 1051 turnS ST- fct. 6iS7ti. Cf-Cd.
)Tf The Ljr(te»t An»tomlc»l Museum hi the
- jf World. \Veakne«*e» or any contracted
CRT? j5J5t d:i(ue p»»ltl»«-ly tmrod iijr ths oldssl
Dp|l Specialist cv the Cout. EitjSyaar*.
Jtftffl OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
ffftfS&B Comulutlon frrc »nd strictly prirate \
ll "ifSra Tr» iiment personally or by letter. A 6
B J7l» ti /Im.Mo Curt tn every case undertaken. T
X Ift Write for Book. ¦"¦ILQ«OPBir»r A
If 1 M»mWIA«K. MAU.EO FRB& iAT
J if' valuable book for men) \
Oil JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. B. P. f
7
PRANKS AND JOSHES THAT WERE PLAYED UPON THE SUSCEPTIBLE.BA> FRAXCISCO CALL.
nrsnCESS OFFICE cf the Ean Francisco
CeII. corner cf Market and Third streets, open
_r.rtl J2 o'clock every nisht in the year.
BXtAXCn OFHCES-"; Mocsomery street.
«-'-rr.er Clay: oxwn until 9:30 p. m.
SC9 Hayes etreet: open ur.til S:SO p. m.
f39 McAllister street; open ur.til 9:30 p. ra.
flu Larkin street ; open until »:S0 p. m.
:sil Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
IXI Market ttrcet. corner Sixteenth; open
ct .11 s rt. m.
I°6 Eleventh street: open ur.til 8 p. m-
3'?€ Valencia ftreit: ojvn until 9 p. tn.
JC2S Polk Ftrect: cj^n ur.til S p. ra.
!Ccrtfcwest corner Twer.ty-secor.d and Ken-
tucky ft»rw!s; open until 9 p. m.
3xi_i;ti\g xoTicns.
COI_DEN GAT!: Command en- No. 1«. « w .
K. T.. Golflen Oa:» building. C2;i Sutter **?
ft.-Eiated assembly THIS EVENING A
nt £ u'ciiicli. The onler of the lied
Crocs will l«e conferred. All fraters Vz*£?
are courteouely invited. ¦ _
J. C. CAMPBELL. Em. Corn.
WM. T. FONDA. P.ecorder.
SAN FJIAN'CISCO Chapter S^RWil^V-
Arch Masons, inects THIS UUMNG-O
IMixa only.
J^S-VHNIA lxdjre No. 1. F. a»d A. «
M.-Ti-e offlcer* and men.her* of Ul« ~#V,
aho\.» narr.i.; io_x« are hereby notilicd }^j\
to af.rnd the funeral of our late I V »
iroth-r. MON.-SON lU>PKLL ln_Km_ Solo-
mon's Ha!!. Masonic Temple. THIS DA*
• MONDAY). April 2. at 2 o'clock p. tn. Mas-
ter Masons and friends 't the deceased are In-
vited. By r.r,'.. rof the M.wr.
' FRAXKLIX H. DAY. Secretary.
OCCIDEN'TAt. Lode* No. 22. F. and A. ¦
M.— THIS (MOXDAT) EVENING, at t
o'clock, stated meeting. Ey order c Tfyft
G. ANDERSON. Secty.
HERMANN IxlFe No. 127. F. and A. M. *
-Stated meotinc THIS DAY <MON-
DAY). Aijrii r. 1900, al S oVlock p. tn. TLjK
By ..r_<T o: the W. M. /^T >
L SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
I« IRIC Lodge No. 21€. F. ar.d A. M.— m
. c p"<-ial meeting: The officers and _»\_
:r.<»n.!"?TS sr« n otiflr-1 to attend the^S_3f
::ne r .!l of <_r Ute brother. LEWIS A./v>
lIAYWARD la:? a member of Moose River
I>y.?<" No. !-2. K. and A. M.. Weft Concord.
Vemor.T. M'.'NDAY. April 2. at I:*" o'clock,
from Mafonic Tempie. Funeral committees
t f other !d!£<"s take notice. By order of the
Master. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Bee.
CALIFORNIA I^dge No. 1. I.
. > O. F. - Initiation MONDAY^_S^_^_»
EVENING. Visitors welcome.
V. TROTTER. N. G. "¦Wifc*^
PIONEERS — The next __,rriS3_rC>-v^
regular monthly meet- _*»3Lv;T*'_«S?B' : is_k
Iji_ of the - Society of /3^^;>",^>r?rV-A
be fccld^ca MOXDAT. V_i*^r_^^
..•"clock "a full attend- "^^
ance Is rMvjested. ss business of st*<-lal lia-
i>crt_nce vrill come before the meetlr-*.
Z. I. SPEAR. Sec
MaOXOUA Ledge No. 41. A. O. 17. W..
Red Men's Hall. S2O Pott st.-MONPAY;,;^
KVENING. April 2, reception to visH-vy^
ing rei-rcsentaiu-es. *-»au*
GEO. P. WETMORE. M. W.
C. T. SPENCER, IJecorder.
ST. ANDREWS SOCIETY.— OPEN . f-j v.
nveerins MONDAY EVENING, «JV» QJ/J
April 2. at Scottish Hall. 117 Lar- >feklU r
Uin st. Members and friends in-
vited. WILLIAM HALNAVES. President.
A. R. PATTEESOX. Secretary.
CALEDOXIAX CLUB— Thirty-fourth .On.
annual eat'ierinp and games at 3V, &U.J
.Shell Mcun_ Park. Berkeley, on
Wednesday . May 33 (Decoration
day*. corcpri-inG athletic (tames, feats of
t-trentrth. manly si>orts and many excitins
cvei:t«.
A. O. H. DIVISION No. I.— The rejru- \£*7_>
lar monthly meetine ot this division \* \J'
will be held at Hibe;nia Hall. l*>ljt_»A
Ninth Ftrwt. on TUESDAY. April 3. CS-^_J
V**', at 7:3'"' p. m. Members are re- "
quested to settle for March 17 ball tickets at
this meeting. Quarterly meetinjr. Fines for
non-attendance will be strictly enforced.
HARTLY LEE. President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary.
The nr.nua! m«*tinjr of lot owners In Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery for the election of tra»-
teos and other business will be held at th«
r.fnce of <»unnison. p.noth & RartnMt. 3: - S
Montgomery nr, on TUESDAY. Aoril 2. 1&00,
I• :; '!h k m (.'HAS. H. CROWELL. Sec.
Ln GROSSING
Resolutions and diplomas a sp^lalty. J. W.
Griffith. He_ld» Business Colleite. 24 Post st.
AGENTS WANTED.
GOOD rut-tiers: pood proposition; ladi«-« cr
pent* CROWN PHOTO STUDIO. 114'» Market.
J-AL'IKS-Ae^r.:>: t-onietbme Dew. fcfK tieary
ASTI-OLOCJI.
I'ROF. A. MASEKY of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
cirt or.d palmist In the world: satisfaction
ci:ars.ntt-efj 4" Golden Gate aye.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no ft* without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. tTJi MarU*-t, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE frw: n>) chartr? unless successful. W.
W DAVIDSON. 927 Market Ft., opp. Ma*o:V.
F. H MKKZtSACH. attorney at Inw. has re-
funded nractlcf at M 3 Cal. ft.. Clur.ie bMc
L. 8. CLARK. Kmma Spreckels bide.. t27 Mar-
k«t Ft.: oorstiltatinn tree: no fee? tn advance.
IIATII CABIXRTS TUERHAL.
BOBCCSON $r. 4-patiel folding: f«-*> it before
I.uvir.c. W P. r.r.OYVN. Coast Act.. 426 Ellis.
n El-** I A >' HARKS.
I*ORD ESSEX— lmplied fe* $15
TEDDY ROOSEVELT— Winner first prize
at Los Arißfl'-f fee $15
XiKITAIN I'KINCE— Own eon of Lor_
lirttain fe« $10
DANDY STYLES— Own son of Sir Styles.
imported fee JlO
KlLD ARE— lmported fee J5
High f lass doe*, from j:0 to ITS fbred); also
irrarjd bucks for *_Je.
F. E. MASON. 17:0 Kve-ett ft.. Alameda. Call
Visitors welcome, except Sundays.
jIEIiIULL'S RABBITRY.
1220 A Georgia St.. Los Aneelee, Cal., headed
by PRINCE ALBERT, an English wir.ner;
fee no. When you purchase does In Lc* An-
Keles Instruct your dealer to have them bred
U> PRINCE ALBERT before ehipplng and ad-
vice v* cf such instructioc*. fine etock for
tale.
ISKLGIAN HARI-S— Lnr*e Importation of pedi-
r :¦¦ •-•! lWg'.ari har^s; Champion Ka shoda,
lto-cta_ale I>irl Britain, Trini lad aid other
celebrated strain. PACIFIC RADBITRY.
:• .-:.t ¦•¦:-.-. h Hi.i Chstro sis., Oakland. Cal.
Visitors always welcome.
F. C. HF.RRON. MS South Broadway. Los An-
S?les. breeder and broker— Dcmertlc an 1 Im-
ported j.eCsreed Hock; will f.'.i orders tot
dealers on commission; pedigree *worn tv: re-
fer you to 'Frisco merchants; correspondence
solicited.
EEADLE P._tb!try, _l«0 East First «t.. Los
Ar.pele* — Standard Belgians; Flemish ir'.ents;
etock from Lord Britain, Yukon and S;r
Styles; write for prices.
EILVER Gray R_bb!try. IWI Pcott St.. Los
Arirele*— One of th« oldest rabbitrieg in Los
Anr»!»i; both standard and heavy-weight; SOO
head to choose from; all from Imported stock.
BELGIAX hare* I—Shipped1 — Shipped anywhere; satisfac.
prr.td. E. P. Rrown. 271S Lanfranco, L. An*.
iJG-IE first -cl_e» etook at reasonable rates. J.
X. WILLIAMS. 446 S. Mctt «t.. Los Ar.gelev
imolis — SEW am» OLD.
eCHOOL BOOKS^ Icught Tn . g*l.
Holme* P.ook Co.. 70» V.'^'.^r. «t.. n»nr Third.
¦ItOOT AM) MIOK HMK.AI.VS.
JiAP.GAINS in ladles 1 snd children's shoes;
drummers' eampl-> at manufacturer's cost.
J. K';HLBE<.'KI-:n, it; Fourth »t.
liuAlililM. lull CUILUOES.
PPOA'ATE home for cl,'.;.!r»n. 1 day to 15 yrars.
by weak nr :nonth; large »-unny yard: select
nelEhborhcod; mother's »•_»¦«¦; k:r._«r_aru-u;
tffcis low. 13'^ I'cst ht.. bc-t. <leary and .Sutter.
Dtsivcss ciia>ct:s.
A— t7DO— CORNER talocn; with 11 club an<J~la^
C.»s' room*; rent !40; i.'.ace ettabMshed for
years; \-cry be_t l«Hati.>n: flrst-ctats; paj-lne.
C_ll R G. WILKE. ?"« Market 6t.
A— «2:oo— CORNER grocery ar.d bar on Hayes
• St.: re_t $2',. including roc^mw: large ftork of
llquortt and eroceries; a first-cia^ji, payinir
buslnew. Inquire R. G. WILXH. 9Qt Market.
A— ZZ'iO— DELICACY store connected »Ith luncji
room; 6 living- rooms; rent Jl7 B0; tx ft loca-
tion O'Farrell ft.; must be sold at once; sick-
ness in family. R. G. WILKE. if.'fi Merkct.
A— trC'V'— CORNER grocery and bkr. with four
litinx room?: rent 150: 3 yewrs* lease; the beet
corner on Mission et. ; place dofr.g a good
paying; cash bu».iness: full value in sight
C_ll li. G. WILKE. S>o6 Market tt.
A— rSSf^-CIGAH Ftore; clearing 14 dally- splen-
d:_ legation; Market and East RCj rent Jl2
Ca!l R. O. WILKE, 506 Market st.
A— JCO9— SALOON and lunch house: established
fmany years and doing a Rood paying busi-
ness: rer.t J4i.; best location; close to Sutter
et.; investigate at once: c. rare chance. Call
R. G. V.'ILKE, !«G6 Market «.
J3so—^j-IXTEREST in labor-saving tool Just
patented; <3<jei> yrorlt in M time: patent will
brief HOW. Isvcstcr, box 3356. Call office.
BL'SIXESS CHANCES- Continued.
HOTEL, central. Alameda County; large lot;
hotel 16 rooms and bar dolns fine business;
cottage, stable, etc; house well furnished;
only hotel in town and at R. R. depot: 33
miles frrm this city; price JCOOO; easy terms.
H. H. CRANE, &0S California st.
STORE ar.d residence property with large lot in
town; Alameda County; only 12000; see this
bargain. H. H. CRANE, 008 California st.
TRANSFER saloon; cheap if sold this week.
Liquor Dealers" Journal, 53S',i California st.
$:«<.'— RESTAURANT and bar; best location; no
ni_l.t work; cheap rent: long lease; daily re-
ceipts *OJ-{7O; etar.ds investigation. Liquor
Dealers' Journal. S23'.i California Et.
BARGAIN for buying or ieilinp saloon* or any
basinets; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Jcurr.el.- 53?'» California et.. room 1.
A COAL, wood, hay and grain yarii; money
maker. COWING _.- CO.. 719 Market st.
$450— COFFEE and tea store; big bargain this
day. COWING & CO.. 713 Market St.
A BALOON; money-maker: a great snap to-
day. COWING & CO.; 719 Market st.
CJ-ROOM HOTEL
AND BAR.
CO BOARDERS.
CHEAP RENT.
Bargain; price with DECKER. 1020 Market.
A— SI2SO— PARTNER: old-established and popu-
lar confectionery and ice cream mfg. ; whole- 1
sale and retail. KREDO & CO.r £2% Oary. |
A— T2SP; PARTNER: moving and stor&ee busi-
ness; IIZ.O monthly. KREOO-tOO.; 2- ! ,2 G-:a.ry.
|2SO— RESTAURANT and lodginpr-bouie near
the city. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 7774 Market. I
1700— RESTAURANT; fine location; transient |
trade: near i_riious-s. McLaUßtilia, 777Vr Mkt. j
|30(tt-^OPFOKTUNITY for two exprrVnce.l oat- |
erers and saioo:m»-n with S_'jO) t_ch to act as i
directors In a corporation already formed; j
business *^tabliT-hcd for years; fortune, have j
b*«n made therein; only active principals j
wanted. Address box 3?!1, Call effice.
COAL yard for rent; fine location and does good j
business; entirely covered: 3 stalls: als^o tine 1
place for milk depot, lr.'iuire of WILLIAM !
HENDRICKSON & CO.. room Cl 4. Call bids, j
FOR sai«, cheap — PayUig restaurant in best !
location in city. Inquire at 117 Battery st.
EXTRAORDINARY OPPORTUNITY
for !__y or gentleman with JlOoO to ."000. to
Join advertiser in entirely new enterprise to
If established en Market St., i_:-'ins over 500
l'«r cent: references exchanged; chance of this
kind fumes not twice; principals only. B. A.
N.. boi _r<>. Call office.
FOR t-ale cheap to responsible party— Grocery
and bar; established 15 years; full value in
ftock: pays JK'O net r*T month.
HARPER & ICREIGER, 2:2 Examiner bldg.
WANTED- Salesman and office man to take an
interest in a stable and old established man-
ufacturing business; capital required, $-000 to I
JTfOOv each. liox , Call office.
FOR sale— Lodginsr-liouse. restaurant and bar;
Mgood chance for man ar^l wife or two part-
ners ; owner going to Cape Nome. Address
"TOM." Postoffice, Stockton.
FANCY jrriicerj'. strictly niodern: good l-x»a-
tlon: unu&ual sacrifice. Apply PENNELL,
SUYDAM & CO., v.-hv>;e_ale grocers, 4 Cali-
fornia at.
FOR sale— -Saloon: open dny and night; gcod
corner; pood business; reasonable; old age the
caus«. Ti4 Fourth tt.. ccr. Freelon; no agent
or faker.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
shoeing business; 15 jears present location; j
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye. j
|SS&— A THIRD Interest f'-r active partner, lady i
cr gentleman: will bear Investieatlon. Call i
; DR. CLARK. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED frame joiner B3 partner: mutt I
have some capita! or the necessary tools. Ap- !
ply afternoon, Sl'X Broadway. Oakland.
; SCO — BRANCH bakery and notions; laundry!
and paj«>rs pay r-»nt; present owner 5 years, j
Hrx U. I<U Eleventh ft. !
DAIRY and delicacy store clearing $3 day: bar- j
gain; muet sell; departure. J., box 3154. Call. |
»Sft— SHOE shop for sale. 316 Gough St.. near I
Have*.
BAHBEU shop and one room, with furniture;
rent JlO. 1101 Howard Ft.
HOUSE of 16 rooms; rent $27 SO; $173. 613', Mis-
sion st.: no agents.
BARBER'S Rood paying 3-eh_!r shop for sale.
2*> Seventh st.
SHOE Fhop for sale; old established; leaving .
city. _CO6 Eddy st.
WINE business for sale; old fam-
ily Hnd rf-tall trade; centrally located: owner
retires from business. Addrvsa box 5307, Call.
J4:o— i.'KJAR store; full stock; tine fixtures. 12S1
Mission *t.. corner Ninth.
$_sO— SALOON for Bale at a sacrifice. Box 3157.
rali office.
PAUTXKR wanted to invest a Email amount 1
of money In <*a:"c Nome property that is
known to b» good. Box 3143. Call.
HORSESHOEING and peneral blacksmithlng
shop; best stand this side bay: doing a good
tra'ie; will sell very cheap. Box 2734, Call
office. Oakland.
GROCERY and bar. corner Geary and Leaven-
woith; rent Zib; lease & year and S months; no
agents.
COMPANY promotion is cur specialty: we at- j
tend to everything complete: charters fur- 1
nU!i<=d. P.5.M.&1.C0.. 22ft California St., r. 5-7. |
FOR SALE— Fine saloon cne block from Mar-
kit st.; w<>ll Etocki-d: owner sick; going
fouth. Address box 3121. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptions has been established at l'J96 Ya-
len.-ia st.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wasons. buggies, carts & har-
news. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost. 100 pets harness, 200
watons. 114 A Folrom st. near Eighth.
' m^~ m ™ *" "^™ "*" " — "^™ "** m^~ — ~ — ** ** — ""^ " —^™ "— "*"
CAI»E XOME.
PARTNER wnnt'-d to Invest a small amount of
nion'j in Cm*? Nome property known to be
_ood Hit 3143. Cnll.
CAPE NOME MACHINERY.
THE Eureka 1909 beach roM paver: the only
pan motion, ifi Beale Ft.
CAIU'ET BEATING AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become difsiiFted with poor work
send to BPAULDINQ'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. ZU~j5l Tehama £t.: te!. S. 43. ¦ I
J. E. MITCHELL; Carpet Beating and ' Reno-
vetins? Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. <J. H. !
BTEVENB, tncr.. 3S-4Q Kh t^t.: x-\. South ?'¦'. j
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.. 1
4^.1 Stever.scn «t. ; tel. South 2CS;. lowest rates, i
CARPETS cleaned at ?.c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. S Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main -04. GEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
I CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating- works, 833 G-o!den
I Gate aye..; telephone East IK.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Tfce World's Most Famous Medium
Rtid Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Eraeclally
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," req!stered and copyrighted, cure
ail diseases en earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, ail skin diseases, heart ami
nervous afTectior*. The wonderful cures which '
the has made are the talk cf the whole slope I
WRITE
If r-J'i cannot call, for thousands upon thou- |
t-. ; r. '.s h_\»- bet-n niod» rich, happy Hnd I
bruit hy. without ever hniins come to see this i
wonderf-l weman. Consultation by mall Is
I always suoocfisf-l and satisfactory, and all
correspondence i<« kept sai-red'y confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
betcnth aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. li.— Take S: F. broad Kauire ferry and
E«"t off at Cllntca Station. ?d station from
Broadway.
I DR. W. T. PARKER, the successful healer,
; treats all nervous; chronic, throat and oa-
j tarrhal diseases without poisonous drugs: co?i-
I raltstlon anrl dlasrnose free. Office, 1927' i
j Market st. '"
LADIES' ttlrst Spiritual Aid Society— Election
of offIcersTWEDXtSDAY; April 4. 2 o'clock.
Occldont.il Hall. 3< 3 Larkin st. SECRETARY.
NAPOLEONIC scientific spiritual develops, cir.
122 Eddy: "Under a Money Power": 8 p.m.;25c.
MT3DA HOSKIXtf. 1423 Mkt.. bet. 10th & Tit h-
Clr. Mm. S p. m.. Thur. 2 p. m.. Sic; sit. daily.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister; spiritual
readings dally; test clr. to-ninht, Thtirs. at 2.
MRS..T. I.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: witting. Si. 1104 Market.
. CI/AIKVOVA.VrS.
MXIJ^T^YLIvKSTtrAT thT"celebr_TeT_clentTflc
j.tlr.i.ht and clairvoyant medium; fee for la-
dies and children &0c; gentlemen SI; hours
from 8 a. m. to 9 s. m. Parlors at 313 Eddy
fit.; no siyn out.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives Lest advice In diffi.ult
matters. 13 Fulton £t.. near Larkin.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
»e«k to know answered, without questions;
satisfaction; leading* F>oo and $1. 128 O'Farrell.
MMB. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader;
past, present, f-Urrv **•*. US SLxth tL r. 12.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. S2l>_ Mission, op.Mlnt.
MME. IIOREAU, th« best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Bt.. near Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. Is the original
gypsy life re_der; readings 25c.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. 2121J Sixth et.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 2">c : truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA r°ad« life fluently: business
advice; names given ;.Isc up. 5 Fourth st.
MMX EYP.ILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 15c: laiUcs. ;>!* O'Farrell at.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. P27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— o-ROOM cottare, with barn; 10 Vlcksburg
Ft n»ar Twenty-second and Church. SPECK
& ro
COTTAGE of 5 rooms in center of town, within
half-block of Oakland and San Leandro elec-
tric cars: with half-acre of fruit, barn and
chicken yard; Jl5. DRIVER. ABER & CO.,
San Leandro.
HOUSE of 3 rooms; laree basement and yard;
rent J7. IC2I York st., near Twenty-second.
TO 1 el— Cottage of a rooms; yard. 2307 Polk
20J3 CALIFORNIA— Cottage 5 rooms, bath; large
yard. .... :'/: '/ : -:'¦
JS— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; yard: respectable lo-
cation. ITC-T. Turk St., near Scott.
jIG— COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath: sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
Jl7 SO— MISSION warm belt; 8-room cottage;
Improvements; fir.c view; grounds; Mission
cars to Powell nve. Inquire 15 Prospect aye.
DENTISTS.
V— im T. S. HIGGINS 1 dental parlors, 927
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without lain by u^e of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by locnl anaesthetics applied
to the gums; Die best and most artl.stic .itrtital
work at reasonable prices: pure gold fillings
from $1 up: ether JiUinss from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treat-'d and filled or
crowned without pain; plate.? that tit from
$4 f.O up; open evenipss and Sundays.
A FULL ret of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25: teeth |
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
§ specialty: s*-e our rte=h-colored plates, thinner
and Ftrrnier than rubber, warranted for 20
years; I'slUngs. pOc; crowns. $3 JO: all work |
j>_in!ess and warranted. Chicago Dontal Par-
lore. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 803 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rra. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth |
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
J3 50 up; plates, extractions free; H 50 up: of-
fice hours. »a. m. to 10 t>. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE AY. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Rt.. ex-
tracts ami tills teeth palnle-sly by his won-
deiful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4; j
rubber cr flexible plates, t?.; received S first
prirec; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1142 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge frr extracting whe'i plates are made:
uld v'.ates made over like new; teeth from U
per Fpt: >-vtr:icting r,Oc; gas given.
FULL set cf teeth. $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction, SOc: gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. P69 Mission, cor. 6th.
IDEAL Bold filling inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st. : crown-
bridge work; ejrt. rainless; full set teeth $7.
PARTS Dental Parlors. 5?.5 Krarny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. J4: crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
MEYER. Deutscher Za'.-.mrzt. 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowns, bridge work; open Fund, till 12.
VAN VROOM — "PalnW-ss": evenlncs and Sun-
days. liVil Market st.. corner Sixth.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. l*«l Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tor*: open evening? and Sundays. S5O Market.
POG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all dmcKlsts or ot the dog hospital.
MO Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. Ht;ZAR^ 7 S~Dog~Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 7r.c; city visits $1 60; all
animals treated: dors boarded. Tel. West 836.
DRESSSIAKEIIS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
THE San Francisco Dresscutting School has
i;>ken larB p r quarters at 411 Van Ness aye.,
th? quarters at 3 ! 15 being too- small for the!
cla. c s; we hAVQ .1 laree class during the day
arid one in tlie evening : now is the time for
ladies to come and do their Fummer sewing;
we teach the art of sewing, from the Infant's
robe to the tailor-made gown, for $1 per week;
wo also have a kindergarten class in sewing;
$1 per month.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
PARISIAN' dressmaking. 357 Geary st. : dresses
made, $5 up: dre«s<>s made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pWt-
ir.g. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HRALD'S Business College, 24 Post H., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eeringr, etc. : new SO-page catalogue free.
HOOK KEEPING as it Is done; superior post-
praduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got position?. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSLNNESS COLLEGE. 123S Market st.
AYRKS", leading business college. 723 Market;
Individual Instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship, $J0: catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.jest. 18M.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
FHF3NCH.Bp_nlsh,«tc.'.Prof.De THinpe's Academy
of I__ctMiTes,32o I'»st;cstab'd 1671; ablest profs.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROK. MERKI. lOCS Mission; violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; J5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 403 Geary, r. 47.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
huicuaces. Miss M. G. Barrett, 302 Montgy.
SPAXIBH— DaIIy classes, 4 to 9 p. m. Room 10,
fifth floor. Y. M. C A. building.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE^H~lN^iE^ontracTo7^[nT_sml
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic sen-ants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ploy rr.cnt office : established over fii*e years.
4H Post Ft.: telephone Bu3h 135.
ORI'HEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
ne«<r. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office^ —
ne-t help. 414U O'F.T-rell »t. ; tel. Eart 428.
KM PI.O V.M K.\T WANTED — FEMALE.
GIRLS looking for first-class places can secure
work In private families, hotels, etc., city and
country, by callins on or addressing MISS
CULLEN, ?25 Sutter Bt.; phone Grant 120.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; 3 years Jast plaoe; city cr country. MISS
CULLEN, 825 Sutter Ft.
A COMPETENT French lady's maid and seam-
stress d'-sirrs situation, or as nursery govern-.
I e_a; references. MISS CULLEN, 525 Sutter st.
WILLING elderly woman wishes situation to
do liuhl hou^fwerk; kind to children; low
wares.; city. El Cleveland Et., opposite Co-
lumbia Park.
WANTED — A situation by an elderly woman
in city or country; w.ijces from $5 to $S a
month.' Please call at 214 Fifth Ft.
i RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a situation
tv do trenera] housework and cooking where
there are no children. Box 3352, Call office.
WIDOW" wishes situation to do second work or
assist in housework. Call Monday between 10
! and 32. 34.") Fillmore st.
I AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
( keeper or cooli on ranch; best of references.
MRS. M. L.. l>ox B. Call branch. 300 Hayes st.
WOMAN with girl 5 years old wants house-
work or cooking; wages moderate; no triflers.
74» Howard st., between Third and Fourth.
SWEDISH eirl would like position to do second
work in private family. Call 757 Harrison bt.
WOMAN wants work by the day. £32 Eddy st.
GERMAN girl wishes situation to do general
housework; wages $20 to $25. 1219 Kearny st.
YOUNG woman wants vrork by the day, wash-
Ing Ironing, housecleaning. Call or address
MRS. GOHDE. 77 Natonia st.
COMPETENT person wants a place as cook;
willing to ast-.ist or general housework in
small family: wages $23 to $30. Apply Mon-
day, 2415 Clay St.. near Fillmore.
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper,
bill clerk or typewriter; references given. Ad-
dress MISS M. R.. box 3150. Call ofnee.
EMPLOV3IEXT WASTED — FEMALU.
A RESPONSIBLE young lady stenographer and
typewriter wants position; salary no object.
Box Si:2. Call office.
A COLORED woman would like to do plain
cooking or housework, day's work or plain
tewing. IS William St.. off Geary.
A COMPETENT person wishes a position to do
cooking or downstairs work; willing to go in
country. Call 7 Van Ness aye.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker on ladles' street
suits will accept a few mure encasements In
families, $1 25 per day; ref. Apply I^o Wehster.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by widow of middle
age in family where an elderly person or in-
valid needs care, or any position of trust; ref-
erence civen. Box SlC!>, Call office.
GERMAN girl. FpeakinK German. French and
English, wishes a i>r.pition to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union St.
WINCHESTER House 41 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 100 roonis; i3c to $1 60 night: II 50 to $6
week, convenient and respect-Me; free 'bus
»nd bagg-ngo to and from ferry^
CXiAJSSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received :it Call branch ollice. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH ofnee for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk nt. : onen until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH ofnee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes position as
stableman; Jlr.^t-claFn harness cleaner and
buggy washer. Box S3SO, Call office^
YOUNG man desires position with private fam-
ily; understands the care of horsos, gardens,
etc.; references. Box 3155, Call office.
WANTED— Situation as porter in commission
house by intellisetit ycung man aged 20: has
had some experience. Box 3314, Call office.
ADVERTISER, CO years' experience. Is open
to an en;;a cement as manager or part man-
ager in any business; willing to invest small
carltul and take share in .1 sound business or
will join partner in c?'.abi!s!Ung a business.
M. II.: box :i7<. (all.
PRIVATE SECRETARY.
ADVERTISING MANAGER OR
Confidential clerk; gentleman, 2S. desires posi-
tion as above; exceptionally high references
and ability: a trial respectfully solicited. E.
W., box 3375. Call office.
CLOAK buyer— Gentleman, long experience
East as manufacturer, salesman and buyer
ladies' garments desires position; good adver-
tiser; thorough knowledge of business aud
first-class references. A. L., box 3374, Call.
COACHMAN; understands his business
thoroughly ; Is capable of taking charge and
care of Kei'»tl-rn:in's residence; Al references.
Address (_'. S., 1022 Jackson St.
MAX. sober, industrious, handy with car-
penter tools, good at any kind of woak,
would like a job; city or country. Address
box C3C'5, Call ofnee.
HOUSE painter, paperhanjjer, whitener and
decorator wants work; hos complete outfit
tools. MERIGAN, 1302 Webster et.; phone
Jackson 1221.
CANDYMAKER; flrst-class man on all fine
randy, ice cream, Al references, wishes
steady position; city or country. Box 3166,
Call office.
WANTED— By *ood wheelwright, steady Job,
city or country; strictly suber. Address box
3162, Call office.
COMPETENT middle-aged man to work about
private place; pardoning: good driver and
general man. Box 21."_. Call office.
SITUATION wanted to work around a private
place: No. 1 hotseman; ptrtctly temperate.
Address box ?3C6. Call office^
EXPERIENCED valet wiMies a position with
a gentleman traveling. Box 3345. Call.
ASSAYER, exyerienf.»d in s"hi mining, would
like to go to Alaska. Ad.iress box -3343. Call.
TINNER practical in f-.irimce heating and ven-
tilating. Box 3C43. Call office.
ACTIVE elderly man wants" situation; cook;
ranch preferred. Box 3365, Call.
MAN and wife wish situations on a ranch or
private family. Address box 3303. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants sltuntion as good cook
in a family. F. H.. 24S Ellis st.
WHEELWRIGHT and waconmaker: city or
country. Address WagonmaKer, 757 Folsom.
FRENCH cook wants situation in hotel or pri-
vate family. 173 Minna st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Pelk »=t.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
lOTIMj Market st. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mail, 00c. Phone, Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NEW flats now ready; 4 to 10 rooms, $20 up.
At SPECK & CO.'S, C 67 Market St.
A BRAND new 4 rooms; porcelain bath, electric
lights, gas, urates, nice storeroom; grand ma-
rine view. 1421 Green st., nerfr Van Ness aye.,
one block from O'Farrell or Sutter st. cars.
A— NAY*. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat In
city for the price; investigate; 6 large rooms
and large fdazed porch; appreciated if seen.
A SUNNY upper and lower; 3 rooms and bath;
only $9 and $10. 5 and 7 Bonlta aye.. off Polk
st. near Vallejo.
A_sl0 — UPPER fiat; three rooms and bath. 4195
Twenty-sixth St., corner Castro.
A LOWER flat. 5 rooms and bath, 1420 Geary
St.; rent moderate to a good tenant.
BARGAIN— 6 rooms: corner flat; reasonable
rent; well furnished: large plate, glass mir-
rors, folding bed. stove; must be sold. Call
for 3 days. 11<>2 Valencia Bt.
ELEGANT sunny Hat: 4 rooms, bath. 645 Wll-
low aye., near Laguna st.
FLAT of 4 rooms; rent $S. 23 Bruce place. In-
quire 11S5 Folsom St., bet. 7th and Bth.
FURNISHED flats; 3. 6 or 9 rooms, $S up; 10-12
a. m., 7 St. Mary's, Pine and Kearny.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MIDDLE flat 7 rooms; 1418 Howard St., near
Tenth; cheap rent.
SUNNY upper flat; 8 rooms, bath, gas, station-
ary tubs: rent reduced. 331 Tehama st.
TWO sunny modern flats. 5 rooms and bath
each; rent ?29 and $25. 971 Golden Gate aye.
VALENCIA; 223— Sunny flat, partly furnished;
5 rooms. 6 closets; bath and gas; reasonable.
WALLER. 719—6 rooms and bath: rent reduced;
fine condition. MADISON & BURKE.
2 LARGE rooms, with basement. If desired,
and sunny yurd: cheap. 11 Harlan place, off
Grant aye., near Rutter st.
3 ROOMS and bath; 4 closets; also Btoreroom.
523 Shotwell st,
$6— LOWER fiat and j;ard. 726H Harrison st..
between Third nnd Fourth.
$B— THREE rooms In good order; upper part.
305 First et.. above Folsom.
$9— SUNNY flat 3 rooms; 1320 Jessie St., off Her-
man. UMBSEN, agent.
$10—4 ROOMS; good cellar and yard: water free;
also 4 rooms, $8. CO Chesley st., bet. Seventh
and Eighth, Bryant and Harrison.
J1E — BUNNY flat, 4 rooms and bath. For par-
tloul-rs Inquire at 1626 Howard st., near 12th.
$16— SIX rooms and bath; lower part. 12 Guy
place, off First Bt., Just above Folsom.
$20— MIDDLE flat, 6 rooms. 711 Castro st., near
Twentieth. •
$18— Upper flat. 6 room?, with porcelain
bath. 541 Ca«tro st., bet. ISth and Wth.
$IS— Funny flat of n rooms <".n Twentieth st..
near Castro. F. NELSON, 709 Castro st.
321 TENTH— 4 large rooms; large yard and
basement ; rent cheap.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
BROADWAY. 1622— Modern furnished flat of 8
rooir.r.: bath; run all day: fine marine view.
FUKXITUIIE FOII SALE.
COMPLETE bedroom and dlnlnjr-room set In
antique oak; also folding bed In cherry and
other household furnishings. 13 Dame St., off
Thirtieth, near Church.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRICE "&~IIOSENBAIJM "pays soot casTTfor
furniture-. 733 Mission: phone Black 4074.
CIIAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 3t2_ Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W, E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
' furniture, carpets.; 757 Mission: tel. Red 8353.'
HELP WANTED— FEMALE^
WANTED— Protestant girl for general house-
work; references. Call Monday or Tuesday
morning, 1307 Vermont St., near 24th.
WANTED— A glrL for general housework; no
washing. 1516 Larkin St., between Sacramento
and Clay. • ........
2 MILLINERS: first class; maker, also trim-
intyr; eood wages. 7CG Geary st.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED nurse for sanitarium, short
distance In the country; Eastern references
preferred; $30 and found. C. R. HANSEX &
CO., 104 Geary st.
TAILORESS and finishers. Call to-day a_ter 7
at 425 Natoma Et.
WANTED—F irst-class skirt hands at SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter St.
GIRL for light housework; good homo. 13?
Rugs st.
WANTEl>— Competent skirt makers. 518 Sut-
ter Et.
WANTED— First-class waist and skirt hands
and improvers. 330 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A first-class waist hand. Apply at
1264 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED German girl to work in bak-
ery. 336 Third st.
GIRL, between 13 and 15, mind baby; sleep
home. 768 Harrison Bt.
GIRL to assist in light housework, take car*
of children: sleep home. 632 Fourth st.
GIRL wanted for email family; general house-
work. Apply 2533 24th Et.. cor. Bryant.
WANTED— A good hand at dressmaking. 9408
Folsom st. ; call early.
GIRL to assist In kitchen work.. Apply 914
O'Farrell st.
GOOD waitress. 7 Taylor st.; $6 a week.
FIRST-CLASS pants maker wanted. Room I,
third floor, 803 Montgomery st.
A GIRL for housework in a small family; gqpd
wages. £24 Oak St.
FINISHERS on custom coats, make button*
holes; good wages. 140 Russ st.
COMPETENT young girl for general house-
work. £324 Howard Et.
LUNCH waitress wanted at 10* McAllister St.;
call early.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wages
$20. Call at 1231 Guerrero st.
WANTED— Woman for kitcken in restaurant.
113 Turk st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist in light
housework. 2241H Sutter st.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LBVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont St.; elevator.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom pants. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market Et.
APPRENTICES for tatlorinsr: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking:;
must have good reference; German or Swed-
ish preferred; good wages. 907 Devlsadero st.
GIRL to assist In light housework and help in
kitchen. SlO9 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — Young experienced nurse to care for
young children; wages $30; city references re-
quired. Call Monday after 10 o'clock, 2017
Lyon st.
PROTESTANT girl for general housework,
cooking, small washing; wages $15. 432 Fair
Oaks et., near Twenty-sixth.
LADY agents wanted to pell Gilt Edge oil
stock. Apply room 397, Parrott bldcr., S. F.
GIRL or woman to assist In light housework
and wait on lady. 716 Franklin st., near
Golden Gate aye.
APPRENTICE on. vests; paid while learning.
26 Elgin Park, bet. Hermann and Thirteenth.
WANTED — Experienced hands; also appren-
tices on ladles' and Infants' wear. 1023 Mar-
ket st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on tallor-mada coats;
call early Monday. 775 Market st.
BRIGHT. Intelligent young lady to travel with
doctor's family and engage in pleasant, prof-
itable employment. Call at 615 Stockton st.
WANTED— An educated woman; must be cap-
able, without lncumbrancea. Box 8348, Calh
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman to help in
small boarding-house; German preferred; $15.
MRS. BUSH, 43rd aye. and Pt. Lobos road.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
shirts. ROGERSON. i,2r, Valencia St.
EXPERIENCED finishers on ladies' cloaks and
suits. Apply L. HOUVIT2; 751 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and operators on cus-
tom nants. 541 Market bt.
NIGHT school reopens Aprtl 2; speed class $3
per mo. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2220 Fllltnore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WAMED-MALB.
WANTED— Cook for country. JSO. $35, $45; In-
side servant. $20 and found: night cook. $7
week: muffin baker. $10 week; ranch cook, $20;
colored waiter. $25 and found: dishwashers;
hotel porter, $15 and found; laundryman for
country, $30, and other help for hotels and
restaurants. J. F. CROSETT Agency, 62S
Sacramento st.
WNTED — American stableman for milk depot,
$30 and found: wheelwright: 2 Burlelgh drill
miners; 10 Quartz miners, $2 SO to $3 day; 2
blacksmiths, $35 and $45; Frenchman about
place. 525; American driver for milk wacon.
$40; stableman. $35; 2 laundrymen, $40; car-
riOKe painter, $2 50 day; sawyer for lumber
mill, $4; 12 miners, $42 and board; laborers
for sawmill and woods. $26 to $30; tlemakers.
12c; 2 boathutlders, $3 60 day; nurseryman and
gardener, $30 and board and Increase: 2 fruit
farmers and wives, $10; 12 milkers, $25 to $30;
laborers for city, $1 75 day. and others. J.
F. CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Young man to run elevator In large
building In city; experience required; $50 per
month. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Stableman for company's private
stable in city, $30 per month and found; hostler
for nice stable near city, $30 and found.
Vineyard and orchard hands; ranch team-
sters; milkers; cook; waiter for coffee parlor,
near city, $8 per week, and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
WANTED — Wheelwright; short distance in
country: $30 per month and board; steady Job.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & C 0.'5 ....104 GEARY ST.
Wanted — This morning at 7:30, with blankets,
ready to start on train for the Coast Railroad:
60 pick and shovel men
SO teamstera
SO rockmen
20 laborers on concrete work.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 304 Geary st.
SECOND barkeeper for a society hotel bar,
country, $60 and found and fare; pastry cook,
country hotel. $45 and found. Apply to C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
WANTED— A handy young man to wait at
table and be useful In small restaurant; 12
hours, with room and board; $4 to S3 per
week. 710 Kearny st.
BARBERS: first-class man wishes to rent fur-
nished shop, 2 or 3 chairs, with living rooms
attached: option of purchase; town or coun-
try. Address* box 3383. Call office.
WANTED — 2 men to make themselves generally
useful around a hotel. Falrmount Hotel,
. Market and Fell sts.
MEN and women to learn barber, hairdreeslng
and manicuring trade; catalogue mailed. S.
F. BARBER SCHOOL, 71L\ Howard Bt.
BARBER shop; building, ground, lease: coun-
try: first class; part cash. G. W. S., Mill
Valley^
PRIVATE waiter who can open oysters. 105
California Market.
SECOND cook. 105 California Market.
MEN to 20 north for the summer; no experi-
ence required. 26 Steuart st.
WANTED— Good, steady waiter. Call at 9
a. m., 32 Sixth St.
ERRAND BOY wanted. Apply J. COHN & CO.,
7. "5 Market St.
GOOD barber wanted; flrst-class only need ap-
ply. 1759 Union st.
ASSISTANT presser on custom pants. £25
Fifth s^
WANTED— Porter for saloon; German pre-
ferred. 1053 Market st.. call after 9 a. m.
EXPERIENCED milk-wagon driver wanted.
140S Devisadero st. .: ¦¦
TAILOR on custom coats; good wages. 140
Russ st. '
WANTED— 2 first-class paper hangers at 252
Fifth st.
WANTED— Young butcher at 118 Seventh st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 217 Sixth st.
CARPENTER wanted for Jobbing shop. Call
at 7:30 o'clock, 112 Montgomery aye.
YOUNO man to drive a milk wa?on 1 route;
$10 and found. Call 9 to 10 at 1913 Hyde st.
BARBER wanted; must be __od workman, 120
Geary St..
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st. ' : ¦•-?¦ ; -
2 PAINTERS, wanted. 733 Broadway.
A NEW barber chair for sale cheap. Inquire
Call office.
HELP WAXTED-MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY... PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY. 1 A. M
2 butchers, country shop, etc 535 and found
Third bartender. $25 and found; several black-
smith helpers, $2 day; 4 stablemen (
10 laborers for woods, fare J2 $10 and found
Young man to stripe, varnish and paint
2 miners, machine and tender men for shaft
work. JSO, for a gold mine
MURRAY i READY. 634 and 6ZS Clay St.
A— 6 TAILORS Fare Advanced
Coat makers, fare advanced JS and ui>
Pnnts makers, fare advanced $2 and up
Vest makers, fare advanced J2 and up
MURRAY & READY. 63* and 638 Clay st.
A — FOR a syndicate and bank You'll yiit
12 men or strong boys to dig small trenches
so water can run down between vlnor, trres,
etc.; help generally; what you don't know
the general manager will teach you: wanes
J2O per month and found; fare SI 10. .L00k here
15 men or strong boy 3 to pull rhubarb and hoe
in an orchard (no experience re; t i;<rr_), fare
&>c $'"< M and found
MECHANICAL HELP. ETC
4 blacksmiths (shops, ranches, etc.). $ij and
found, $2 JO day; carriage trimmer, S3 day:
hand sawyer, {4 day; tail-edger hand, $2 7:.
day; blacksmith's helper for a gold mine.
*60
TO THE MINES.... SPECIAL R. R. RATES
19 laborers (no experience required), you'll
suit, wages X4S per month nnd found; steady
Job: 12 miners, different gold mines, $73 and
J3 day: 15 muckers, come at once.. 163 and fd
STABLES, DAIRIES. FARMS. ETC
B9 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for different
places J35, |30, $26, $25, $20 and found
13 milkers $30, J23 and found, good places
12 choreboys and men.... 525. $20. $13. $10. fd
M. & R. SPECIAL LIST
Young man to drive bakery wagon t-0 fd
15 boys for trades, stores, bakeries, factories.
wagons, hotels, paper offices, etc
6 coal miners, 8 men to buck c0a1.. 575 and $80
WOODCHOPPERS— TIEMAKERS
364 men for above work, $3. $2 CO. $2. $1 75.
$1 EO, 11. 75c cord; 13c, 12e, lie each; tool*,
food advanced; some fares paid and at mines.
TEAMSTERS. ETC
27 scraper 4-horse teams, large ranch. T-6 and
found; 5 teamsters, special ranches. $32 50, $26
found, fare Jl; other places
IN AND NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
6 two-horse teamsters $26 and fd
15 laborers, fare Ssc $27 50 and fd
25 laborers, good Jobs $1 75 day. $30 and fd
6 laborers, San Mateo Co., $26 fd; 6 drillers.
$60; 4 milk wagon drivers.. s3s. $30. $25. $15 fd
2 butchers. 4 tailors
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
37 cooks $50. $45, $40, $35. $30. $25 and fd
25 waiters and dishwashers. s3o, $25, $20. $ir>, fd
7 laundrymen *35, $30. $2rt, fd
Several second and third cooks, porters, 5
ranch cooks and 250 Jobs not advertised
Gardeners; come see $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch tn height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and epeak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
£30 X ct.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade: only 2
months required; first-class Instruction. For
particulars address Gordon Barber College, 417
N. Main St., Los Anceles, Cal.
SALESMAN for hardware in San Francisco
and surroundinc towns; permanent position
to enercetlc party; esi>erie_ce not necessary.
Addretß with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co.. 16 Wick block. Cleveland. Ohio.
GRUBSTAKE— SO miners and laborers for Nome
and return; $5 per day, board and lodging;
must have responsible and reliable parties. i'J
Murphy bldg., 1236 Market. 10 to 12 and 2 to b.
YOUNG man well acquainted with business
houses as solicitor for printing firm; refer-
ences required. Box 3354, Call office.
YOUNG- man with $125 can make $40 a month,
room and board: no experience required;
money used In business. 632 Market, room 18.
FIRST-CLASS coat makers and coat pressers.
BELASCO & KARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
YOUNG German. 17 to 20. some exDerience, t<>
work in grocery. Address box 1347. Call.
WANTED — Agents to handle gild-edge- oil
stock. Apply room 337, Parrott building.
YOUNG men to go whaling: no experience re-
quired. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
WANTED— Boy to work in coal yard. 315 Ninth
street.
PANTSMAKER wanted. Apply cigar-stand.
Union-ist. car station. Presidio.
GET your shoes- haU-soled while waltlns:: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist ami 2d sts.
BARBER wanted to buy barber shop; modern
furnlfehlngs: 2 revolving chairs, etc.; best lo-
cation In Alameda; will sell very cheap; as a
whole or in lots to suit; cash or installments.
Apply Oakland Auction Co., 4G Twelfth st.,
Oakland, or E. D. JUDD. 1424 Park St.. Ala-
meda.
BARBERS— For sale, the best 1-chalr shop In
the State; price $100. Apply DECKELMAN
HROS.. 106 Ellis st.
MAN wanted to deliver and collect in San
Francisco and vicinity: $15 week nnd expenses.
Address Delivery Dept., Peoples' Co.. Forti-
eth and Market sts., Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— Messenger boy. Apply own hand-
writing: state age and give references, p.
O. box 2048.
BARBER wanted to buy best located barher
shop In Alameda; modern furniture, two re-
volving chairs, French plate mirrors: fin*
business chance; will sell very cheap as a
whole or in lots to suit, cash or Installments.
Apply to Oakland Auction Co., 465 Twelfth
et., Oakland.
WANTED— First-class ladles' tailors at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S. 403 Sutter st.
CARPET traveler wanted; itata experience,
etc. Box 3304, Call office.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 K»arny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damai;ed. half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— First-clas3 woodworker for heavy
work. 12S Spear st.
FIRST-CLASS operator- on custom coats and
pants; also pressmen on coats. BELASCO
4: HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade tn 8 weeks;
day and evening classes: special Inducement
this season; handsome illustrated catalogue
and souvenir free; only institution in ths
world teaching the barber and hatrdrecainir
trades. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay et. Branches — San Francisco, New York.
St. Louis, Chicago, Minneapolis.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per nlcht: $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen togo north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to Xc per night. 75e to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
¦ lencla st. • " v •¦':
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale.
49 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HORSES; 6 hours from Oakland; also 130
stock horses Modoc County. J. T. JONES.
965 Fourth aye.. Oakland.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also Eome fine matched black teams.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 605 G. G. ay.
FAMILY cow; fresh. Apply 712 Guerrero st..
near Nineteenth.
FINE stock cf all classes of horses at Switzer s
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
HOUSES — LODGIXO — FOII SALE.
A — 44-ROOM corner; electric elevator |390Q
30 rooms; restaurant and bar; in Stockton 7.50
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash .lien
16 rooms; new furniture: rent $65 1800
Partner in 2?-room house noo
20 rooms on Turk st .'..... vju
8-room new flat: elegant (50
15 rooms on 1 floor: near Call office 55.'
37 rooms; on Howard St.: only $3CO cash.. 4 0
30 rooms; fine sunny corner; on one floor. !"> :>
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth Jl^JO »C<»
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 450
65 rooms; en Bush St.; clears $250 JSOO
30 rooms; on Kearny st. ; grand bargain.. SCO;
36 rooms; on Market st.; payments 1&»J
60, 40 and 125 rooms: boarding-house
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
____' c - DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
Sl«'>V^S6 ROOMS: transient; best downtown; $203
monthly. KREDO & CO.
$150 — I-ROOM cottage: Gouah st. ; cheap rent;
leaving city. KRECO & CO.. 22' i lieary st.
12 ROOMS: S blocks N. of Market. J4.-W)
16 rooms; Geary st. ; fine and ful? 16fV)
26 rooms on G. G. aye.. cor.; rer.t $10C if&r»
32 rooms; cor.; 2 blocks of Mkt.; rent $100. 900
64 rooms: 1 block of Mkt.; mon^y maker. 3500
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. r.r. Call bldg.
28 ROOMS; corner; near Tivoll. rent only $83-
' price UICO. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
39 ROOMS: corner; good furniture; JSOO buys it
WINSTON & CO.. 1C26 Market st.
105 ROOMS: business corner: clears $ir»0: price
JSSO. WINSTON & CO.. :016 Market st.
NICE 12-room house. Ellis, near Jones, $450; 18
rooms, nice furniture, Ge*ry et., J6OO. C D
DAVIS, room 69. 91G MarWt st.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22 1 * GEARY ST.
.f.f!.Money to Lean at Low Rates
Telephone Black 50-2 L -,„,.
9-room flat; newly '"rm.^e<l: central— 9**
10 rooms; r.lcely furmshe.i: cheap..
» rooms: new and jood; P«;« ta JJ' c
16 rooms; new and pcxi: profitable • : J
25 rooms: modern comer; offices... *•»
10 rooms; fine comer: central: only *
vrrnr- ~KT7r7nv corner: central: It rooms: well
f^-hed re^orible r,ffer cor.si.iered: W*b£l
houses; 16 to M room* Many fine barsal^
E Sfr?- TL n'ice U^rdf TrmanerT^omer^;
P^ft'table in "stment: 4 block, from Market;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
PAYING 10-room house for sale at a b_XT___.
Box 33DS. Call office.
A~WEiK^n7w 3 for 5 cent 3. The
18 r'»^s. 'n wrapper, for mailing. » P*r y__,
HOUSES LODGING To Let.
A LODGING-KOUSE of 20 rooms: 213 Eddy St..
near Taylor. Owner 734 Schraiier st.
lIOI'SES '£ o _|^3j _^
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HAMPTON place. 15. off Folsom St.. bet. M and
3d— Sunny house; $21; 7 rooms and bath.
OLIVE ay*., 560. near Lasuna— S rooms Rn^l
bath; rent very cheap. MADISON A BtK-J..
STEVENSON r.M— 6 rooms: near Market: rent
cheap. MADISON & P.URKE.
SUNNY 4-ronm house; laree yanl: low rent tv>
steady tenant. 17>V. Mason: cable car passe 3.
.-: HOt'SES TO LET FI'IIXISDED.
_•(> ] cl — a furnished house: 10 rooms, with mod-
ern Improvements: laree garden, lawn, etc.
Apply on premises. 2140 Larkin St., after 4>
p. m., or of owner. S. OTIS, at 313 ilontgom-
ery st.
HOUSES AVAXTED.
HOUSE 10 to 1? rooms: no agents. Addresa 11.
C. Call branch. 10»> Valencia st.
LOST AXD FOIWD.
STRAYED or stolen— St. Bernard pup, smooth
coat, white breast, fet>t: collar and tip on ta!».
Return to 1607 Thirteenth ava.. East Oakland:
reward.
FOUND— PURSE, bet. Erannan ani Bryant en
Sixth st. Inquire Call office.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cur» in onu
day: 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. ICO7H Market st.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the wor'.d-renownet
ladles" specialist; safe and reliable; haa prac-
ticed m S. F. for years; treated thousands cf
cases juccessfully; treatment can be used at
home: consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at l»:su Market st.
j DR. NO TOY KEE, lat* of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento it., cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and ailments
cur»d exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free: office hour 3, 10 a. m. to 13 m..
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. Jo; safe and re-
liable; consultation free. IK2 Market St.. bet.
Mason and Taylcr: hours 3 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; hoir.i
in confinement: euaranteed treatment at of-
fice, $3; any ailment: consultation free. H3
Post St., between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. lCr.5 Market, ladles' special-
ist: _uarnntce.l treatment at office. $5; safe
and reliable; consultation fre»»; hours 10 to B.
DR. ancTsißS. DAVIES. 12.S Market: ladleV
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $"..
j DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk at., the eminent
feiral* specialist: home or office treatment JJ.
! DR. WISE, the la-I>H' specialist. HIS Mark-t
St.: every case guaranteed: to up.
I DR. and MRS. M. WEGHNER— Private honia
: In confinement. ISIJ GoJden Gata aye.
I DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases or the human body. 115 Mason st. '
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CON ANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood: destroys dUeaje germs; prj-
tectp; cures: revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bill*: outfits for sale: acr»ntp wanted: send for
booklet. ANTDP.QgT?». 47 Po<t at.. 9. P.. Cal.
.MILL VLI.LEY HOUSES.
TO tet— Mill Valley residence. 8 mo. or more;
i modern, 12 rooms, stable, bearing: orchard. 2
block* from station. P. GARDNER. MiU
Vallry. Cal.
3IISCI_LLA>EOIS FOB SALE.
I BOILERS, eneines M-hand machinery. M_--
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont *t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, effice furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and flxturvs: new and aecon.t
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-10D-10;i-10:3 Mission
St., above Sixth.
! A— ALMOST new "Pepper" B f.at cornet tor
Jll; rest KO. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant av-.
! CALIFORNIA told quartz chain for $27; was
• originally made to onler for JSO. UNCX-Q
HARRIS. S3 Grant aye.
j SAUSAGE makers— 3o-gallon boiler. IS- pound
Wagner stuffej-, 1 set racks. 1 counter, etc .
for sale cheap. Twelfth *t., near Howa.-l.
WINDMILL— Fine windmill In Rood ord^r. Ap-
ply GEO. W. ir. PATTERSON & CO.. 17. •
.Market st.
I PIPE IO.t'OO ft.; 3. 4. « In. dtam.; Rood condition-
la lots to suit. THOMPSON. 40 Main at.
1 FOX terrier pups; also Maltese bull terrier
pups. 217 Vi Tehama st.
FOR sale — An electric fan or will exchange tor
a eood bicycle. Apply 13 Polk St.
A — BUYS, sells or renta gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pip«\ shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, ?15 Spear st.
j MAKE walklrs easy by wcartns rubber heels;
reci,mmend?d by physicians: put oa while you
wait: cCc. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d .-it*.
HIGH-ARM Sinser sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1?1"> Mission, nr. 15th.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repaired.
1309 Mission St.. between Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonozrarh, price reduced f>
$100; concert reconis. J2 ."0. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A FIXE suit ?1»: dress pants J2 75. MU2t
Clothing Parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 1.1-hand sausago ma-
chlnery. Mclntoah & Walpman. 195 Fremont.
A— s3 JO DERPV and Fedora hats. Jl 73. Pop-!
ular Price Batten, 330 Kearny st., nr. Pine.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wool
planers: la'hes: 2d-hand. J. Burke. 1» Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest mode!;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 400 California.
B~~H. P. STEAM hoist and boiler in perfect
order: cheap. H. R. WHITE. 51fi Mission st.
I NEW nnd second-hand slot machines bought
i end t Id. W. C. P-EN'THAM. 1532 Market s_
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: nak woodwork-
latest ; attachments ; cheap. IC Sixth st
A 1 -TON' Fairbanks scale an-1 fire and burg-
Ur proof safe. 21S Californi.T st.
jg.tM FEET pew rubber belting, half ortcn
ROP.T. BRAND & CO.. 527 Third st.Oaklan":
t SAFES— X»n- and seci~n.l-har.rt. THE HER-
| SMASTCT SAFE CO; 417-43_gacn»nento ft.
i SECOND-HAND fireproof »afe: 1 fire~an<J bure-
lar proof safe: chpap. 42 Main st.
SAFES new nnd second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ PAFK. 103-111 Market st.. San Tn£.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 r-Taner and matcher; I
nir cnmrr»««r,r: S Inoomnttves. ;;o Fremont.
WANTED-Old falirnTi^Tiwn7r^r^__hT
Jor terms and shipping directions ap.ly tr^
San I rancisco Trap Shootins Association :;a
Ji.irH.- 1 st.
W r A ?V T iP_r~ A Xo _ 1 rockaway by KANE &
DALY. Fourteenth and Webster sts OaklanJ
s wHJT^y^
MONEY TO LOAxI ~~
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent- n^."r'
OLSKX. room 1«. tlrst floor. Chronicle bldg!
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2& anrt m -,-,» "
rages, undivided Interest, real e«_t_ In nrll
esi rate.. Baldwin Jewelry Store Ma M_rL r
i *U; tel. Main 16«. Branch UT_i,_^_t 6
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1900.
8a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
n2oKeAR.\TKT. Established
in I *O J for the treatment of PrtTat*
D!»etti»«, Lrmt Manhood. Debility or
disease "rearing on bod raad mind ar>U
Skin Diseases. Tnedoctorcureswbeu
others fall. Try him. Charge* low.
. . , t'«re»— — »rj_wt»^d. Callorw rtt<%
Dr. J. *'. bißnO.%. Box lS37.San rraactau*
Stares connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Sprints and Whlt« Buiphar Springs: at Lyttoa
for Lytton Sprtn*!": at Geyservllla for Sk.-v^ss
Spring; at Ooverda!^ for the Geysers: at Hop-
lard for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtnrs.
Ke!s»yylll«. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Laks-
pc.rt and Bart'.ett gprlng-s; at Ukiah for Vichy
Fprin»» Saratoga Sj:rlrj{s, Tlue Lakes. Laurel
t>e!l Lak». Witter ?prtr.«-s. Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Uerley*s.
Bncknell's. Saan»drin Heights. Hallvllle, Orr"«
Hot Sp-'.r.K*. Mendoclno City. Fort Braxx,
Westpcrt. U">al. Wiilitia. Laytonvllln. Cum-
tninj's. Bell's Bpricgs. Karris. Otsea'a, Dyer a
B»-otla and Eur»ka.
Saturday to Monday round-trtp tickets at re-
duced rate*.
On Bundav round-trlt> tickets to all points,
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices CO Market St.. Chrontele bl^x,
H. C. VTHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. Gen. Paaa. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sansallto Ferry-
Corrrci^ncins October 1. 109.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL TAIX&I
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:CO. "9:30. 11.00 «v m.; •!:«,
f.W, »:15. «:<». «:30 p. la.
EXTRA TRIPS— Kor M'.il Valley and 3»a Ra«
f««i. on Mondays. Wcdb«ad«7> and Saturtiaja,
at »:'M and 11.13 o- ci.
3UN*t)AT?— »i:OO. *:0:C0. 11: X» a. ra.; 1:12.
t.U. *4:«. «:». »:C0 D- 13.
Trains mtrfctJ <•) ma :¦> San Quentla.
FKOII SAN RAFAEL TOYSAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK PAYS-555. •* E. 7:45. •»:?<> a. ia.|
nJ:»0. 2:15. •3«0. »i:l5 p. m.
EXTRA TKII'S MoO'lay*. T7eda««day» as 4
CitKriiavi tt «:«0 anil T>:lS P- in.
SCNpA\S-«.r. t:C3. 10:00. 11:4S », a*.!
1:«3. •JiJ. 4 ?». *<:W o- ci.
Trains r-;arkfd (•) «tart fr?ra Ban Qnentla.
jtrOM UIIX VAU.ET TO &AN KRAACXSCO.
WEKK DAT&-i:*s. «:43. 7:55. J:i3 a. m.l
12::r.. J:Ts. 3:*3. 5:» ?. m.
EXTRA TRIP 3 on Uoriays. ¦Wedneaiaya aa4
Batur^tvi' at T:C» an 4 10:J0 ». a.
gi;Nr>AT3-S:f«. 13:05 a, m.: 11:53. 1:15. 3M,
I:W. €:15 ?. a.
THHOCGH TR_*INS
T« a. ni. wMk «sy»— Cs;ad<*ro and way stations,
1:44 p. m. ?atarday« — Tomales and wa7 stations.
8:00 a. in. Sua.Says— Tcinalcs and war stations.
*;:OUa Hah J— a »>¦•! V>'ay Blatliwn (New
A. .»'•¦! V. •••¦.*...:;.*¦¦. 'j i m l:Z3r
•'J:U«>M.: J..V-. TraßltncW, Ka:iVl CTIW.
I'arii 3 |?wn !'.-« ' TTnTIT— . tUut
l.ii!* Ol. i» t ..>. S..r'. LompOO »ikl
i'liiic-iat ffuSUIIDM »-IiIt»
• iw. io» xii .!;,<¦. mil WayftlaUoas •«2S»a
•lli3(>* Hau .1. no «,..( \7.y Mcatloun. •3t3«f>
t»i4SrAaii M*tm. i:-iw - ). Menlo Park.
I '.I i Alto. .Haiti t'iaro, tjitnJnte,
Tres l'i-.oj Santa Cms. fialia as.
Monterey »...! l'aeir.o GroTe «IO:M*
t :t : rt t» 1- «in.J >»* s.;: I W«y KUtlous *7:3Ur
tl:l3l-S»uJ M samlPrincic*i Wsy.Sutlnm *9:I3«.
t3:««»pS:»a.lr,s.>a:! 1 I ti :•..•:;•«! V.sySur •¦•.» 19:0" V
•l:.".l)p S *;i.i '»«•¦,' !'r::)c;.». Wsyiitatious *^t:29a
•6:3t»r 8a» ,Tp»» r.j.l \\~ y**-,- vi ?*:©?»*.
Hl^rSriJonin.lWtf statiom *Z:Mr
A lur Stgmtec 1' (_r Aft«moou.
• Daily. t Suii<l»t eT<-<^ite<l. I buuday only.
• Hato/day t.'j.
m Tostd3yi tad Fruiwi • Thuradars and Stzadays.
QLIFOSNU NO3TO¥EST£HN SY. COL
Ul FP.WCISCO AND NORTH PACIFI3
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlkuron F«rry. foot ef Market i*.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RA7AXZ*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. >:00. 11:00 a. ra.; W.IK
IA) 5:10. *:23 p. xa. Thursdays— Extra trt?
at U:Zi d. ra. £_turdays— Extra, tr^a -t I.A
and 11:39 p. m.
SUNItAYS— *:¦:•). t:3>. U:0O a. ra. : 1.30, 1^
6:00, « :o p. m.
SAN RAFAEX. TO BA?T FR.\?:CISCO.
VSEK DATS— 4:I9. 7:5.>. »:S>. UOO a. in.; 12:43,
1:49, S:l9 ». a. Saturday*— Extra trlsa «.;
1:55 and C:33 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:49. 11:19 a. m. ; 1:43. 3:43. *:CJ.
<:ZS l>. m
Between San Frandaco aad Schuetzea Park
smin* scb»dul« as aiov«.
Leave- Arrtre
San Frar.clso. la Eflect Saa FTanclscob
1 . October 13» ¦
"Week Sun- 1*». Sun- 'WeeJe
Days. days. Destination. days. Dmys.
7 V> am *:oOara Nova to. 113:40 am! 8:40 as*
t:3opm !:30am Pet&luma. I 8:05 pel I£>:ls asa
6:10 pm (:00 pm Santa Roe*. | T:3S prr. t:Z3 pq
Fiilton.
t M am Windsor. tt:23 aa«
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
. C?yservllle,
l:S0 pm I.Pftarr. cloverdale. 7: 53 pa 1:3 p?sj
7; J3 am! lUopland and I 1
I 8:00 an! Cklah. [ 7:3S pn| »:S jrz%
T:3oani T !U.Su
8:00 am l Guei— »vll>. T:Sj jtttv
t:3O cm I I «:!5 pea
7:30 nn! 8:09 am Sonoma >:15 am! 8:40 asa
! and
8:19 pm| 5.-0O pm Glen Ellea. «:05 prr.i 8:S pn»
MOXEY TO LOAN.
v N real estate. Ist cr Inn mortgajre*. and on
:^:r.:iisrf cr ptanajl; Bo removal; any amount;
r.it-<. CECggB ft CO.. 16 Mor.teom*ry.
M"i-T nrilAble plare'to borrow en diamcr.o*.
watches, jiwelry. W. J. HE.-THAL. 10 Sixth:
- j crt pr'.o* for eld cod. fllv<»r. «:!aTr.<>r.(l>.
ANT amount by privat* party oa furnnure enj
¦T'r: Tt'> renacval; !'.-v rat»-s: cor.aa*n;lal.
POXEUJ. Oonsert'Jttory b'.ds.. mo P«weU ki.
AT It* K^arr.y »i.. room S. respectable private
I lace to borrow or. watencs. diatnonds; Icnn:
r&tt-»: take elevator. Tol. i'avls 58i.
ON rcrr.itute and riano* wtthout removal :<juick
rr.iir.ey direct; lowest invt-iest. Room*
• -• - '.. :v.nc,hue butldlnc. U7fl Market n.
Or reel rf.ts.te. 3«t ¦•• Zl morte*i;«*». «.nd en
furmtur* or |4».aos: :;''; removal; any amount;
I «•-'. rj!"s. BKCKER t C0.. -.s Uoatfom*iy.
CAFT Fl . - - ¦ : r"!d aaJ silver
i .upfcr; icr.'i ;¦ ,: C< LEJIAJCS. :.:•£ Kear-
_ T v _^
ON Chsttel ::: r:r.T = '-s. r«raf«. rent*, r^al es-
'g:-. f.r. A. M. PPECK A- CO.. CC7 Market.
ANY ariMJtjr;t ;•.•. 1" r<?r "-n*. on furniture and
<.th»r .•¦.;:au-mi. i>. McRAE. 7«* Vltsmloa st.
SiOICEV 1 an«-.i l iar.¦-i people without seeority
H11.r.. rm. v. Merchants' F.xchg*.. «i ciljfc
AV.-'TIN'.S Sslar:.- Ixsan Co.. 3CS )'arrctt build"
irifi— M«n can st-c^re i"ane .>•. perscaaj note.
LOAJCS to pt-opie; persona! £*curity
gecty. TOUSLEY. SCI l'arrott I'uiltilr.g.
CASH I-*t.- 1 to Fala.-.ed people en note Without
__________ MOHHELL. <: > Exarr.!r.«-r bullJintf!
!:¦. 3fO It-.'.-.O; lowest ratet; Ist ar..J 2:1 rnortss :
fcr.y m- t 'Cfitlon. DRYDEN'. «1J Montgomery!
On furniture, ria.no*. without removal: ni
fcma;:?Bit>n: iTivate. LICK. 11« McAllister.
IF your property is m< rtpaee.l and vcu r.eeU
more money tee H. MURPHY. 6JO M*arktt *t.
TO salaried men. without cctlatersl or lcdor*tr:
other prcpcsitlans; rrSvate rixjrrs. San Fran-
cifr, Pi?oour.t AgT.cy. 1*: Ph»lan I'-MIQ-.n?.
M MUSICAI/f IXSTRCMEXTSJ
A URnE NUMBER OT FIXE EAF.CAi:;s
IN t-TON'WAY,
WEBER,
CHICKERING.
UAI. ES BROS..
BUSH * GEFtTS.
ELLINGTON.
AND OTHEP. PIANO 3.
Tfc« Hasillton-FAncroft Stock
recently Purchased by Us.
It will pay you to call ana see them.
UPRIGHTS f-w UP'.VAItD.
squares ?:; upward.
organs c 9 upward.
Byron mauzy.
v.c have what you may want.
vcu may havk what v.c want,
we want money which you may have
v.n have pianos which you may want.
t«ur pUsos er- the DECKER & SON. PACK-
ARD, sni BOOTHE EROS.; v.c have rr.ar.r
rood eeecnd-haad ir.Ftrjriifr.t* varying in price
:rcrr, S7S to tt'l; call for price ::?ts ar.d tern:s.
MAt'VAiS' Mur'.c House, 7CS Market tt.
ALL k:::ia of musical inftrurr.er.ts tnli isr cash
cr inetallsients at Jswest prices *t M.\U-
VAIrf :<:¦ Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the o!4e«t ar.d Jargest heiiH
KHt of Chlcm«a !» KOHLER & CHAPES.
Cf. IS nr.tl 3S O'Farrell ft.: r-!ar.os. or^rar.B anj
••:: p'.^fT rr.usiral !n«trume:its of all grades
t.:.l ;rlce?; terci* eacy: prices lowest: every-
thing r<?tßible done to please and satisfy the
cufton^r.
KNAIiE pianoe: r.t* new «yles. KOH-
I.i:r. & CHaSK. 3^ OFarretl ft.
A LIFT OF M"Sr.T SAVER?,
fsrr.; • 1 frcm fact ry which are cut cf «?ur
. niikes £« \V*| »r, Hnrdn'an.
C r -•;. t'--r. Everett a:: i JClcirsbury; j^rir**
• ra ll'A to Syx> ;•'- t^.-ir. rst'jUr price. Also
• s' :z:.:'.: ¦ - . . • .- Tr :ti J137 up; easy pay-
• s.thjs .K-'ic tf you want a «a.ap.
HEN'J. CL'RTAZ & SON. :€ OTarrea rt.
>.;.:; ..¦ 1 ia need cf a piano? We have s. iarg*
n«scrlrr«ijt • f new j-.:>l »ecord-h-ar.<l p:anc» of
••• be« makers: t-jiil lor ccish cr very ea*y
, c>::.--r.:«: J6 -iviirr. a;-.d 16 ptr rr.cnth for an
• .¦-c*:.- :-¦* upright: f.omt Foci plaacs for
J.*, U and 15 t*>r month. SHERMAN. CLAY
& CO.; dealers, corner tJuti^r and
K«-arnv Eta . ?nn Frascisoo: corner Thirteenth
end Ur-iadwav. t)ak'.and.
A FIRST -CLASS upright etveral sec-
., r;f ¦ ." i:. jH-rfcct condition: T-
.<:avc sr-srf. %''.: \v\\\ be *o!3 this *vfek by
S IJEWIXO •"'¦. Flood t.uil.iir.g. exents for
lls.Xflt.on, Netr L>ew;r,it Rros.. Chase Bros.
A FEW pianos •»i!l b» «oid for storage at auc-
t:cn price*: dirt rh-»jp for cash. WILSONS
ft 'rare. !7iO Market ft.
: •¦' — F.n* upright; c<^t J*so; must b^ s»id
• the ¦•;. . fr-at Tiox S3M. Call.
F:n»: Fischer A.- Ptelnway urr.gM: rar-riSced.
SEEFFE'fi, '••::• Vh:i Nf-y« aye.. r.r. Geary st.
A BAROAirC-^-Stelnwmr. fVJZ: store or*n Sat.
««i:nir. Heine Pinn« Mfg. Co.. 12« Eiiis Et.
ZXON'T buy: rent a new ;.:s.r.c, J3 per mor.th.
- TT-CURTAZ PIANO CO . *&> Hayes at.
*.V. G. ItADGER. 411 Pacramer.to st_. arer.t for
Frar.ris Racm and Halirtt tt Davis pianos.
GOOD uprirht piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORM'N'Vf, :;< McA!!ifW ft.
IiARHAIN— Good t-r-right : cheap. gCHMITZ.
16 MfA!liFt*-r St.. rcxt HlN=rr.ia Ear.k.
EUPKTUOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MCU.KH. maker, rfrn'.rer. ? I-atham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
IIV-STORE. NwTr^r. IV-st and Bakor. with
fixtures; 3 rooms in the rear: concrete cellar.
FOR r*ri— Elegant offices in Y. M. C. A.
tu-.ldirg. Mit'tn and Ellis el:
HIGHTiI. ri-S funny rooras with store; rent
t h>a;-.
PACIFIC. I» ar.d Ci-Two handsome large
r'.rrvs: v<rry cheap.
PALMISTRY.
HMK. N^ergaard. Fr»>s. St. G«=rmaJn College of
Paimistrr; r^ady 1 to k. 616 Geary, nr. Jor.es.
LEDEREK'S Quintonica ha'.r tor.:c Is harmless
ana very beceQdal; Siic bottle: Foamo £ham-
j>oo is the best: 5c packat". IJ3 Stockton st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser, has or.ly
tbe very newest ftyle*; 15c; this week only 61-
cchol ttf>v«>s tor curtlnc irons, lie to 4>c; 12-
ir.ch ewltches, V. I 1).I 1 ). l'^3 Stockton st.
S-UPERFLUOT". 1 -' HAIR rTTr.ar.er.tlr removed
' l.y ti!?^!-!^ r.»«-i>. 1206 Market St.. room I».^
EDW. BELLE — O-j4rj'. photographic Paris- i
•.— . Entrance ICth. cr. Washington, Oakid.
CCRLED or waved hair can b» quickly ob-
tain*d by using Talcotfs Curllns Fluid; 25
r*r.:s t<-ttie.
G. L>. XoKFE, pbflCOCTaslMr. 1506 Pacific aye.. j
*,*-•. we«s Pteroe and Scott; phon» Ft^iner 3S?I. j
HP.S. IjR. L. EUI'-GER. iate matron of Ger-
man liofrital. N. V.. rpecizlist tot bladder, j
kiSaey. »kin <Jl*ea»''f i End <ar.«r. office 106 !
I'^unii «.. A Ii ¦rintnnlli' VTm. Osterhold. Eaji 1
Mat*o Orplaui Atylum. nje: I had cancer on j
y !»ft !eg. I was treated by Mr*. Harper. |
It* Four;li et.. anJ certify that I was cured 1
:u a »h'jrt tins*. Wm. Osterbold. San Mateo. j
. S E *u:t to order »1O 75. or pests i: 7i: our '
cped— ltx in remO-Bts allows u« to f*ll che^p- ;
•-r then r^a-Jy-made. 1.. LCMOSj "117 Market :
ct.. r*t. 7:h and ith. prop. Ojie-pnce Tailor- !
• ms <Jo . :CC iC^arcy. near Sacto.; also :i4< j
llarkct St.. under St. Nicholas. j
T LEL-ERER'S. tht- 'ashionabie hairdresser's. I
¦ 1 the very newest hair device* for only '•
Vx: *"¦ t^:^ Bae ftreet wlfi he makes a fpeci-
fcUy f..f. in P'.^kton_t : _
¦ HIC lights in fvery room: Winchester
Hot*-!, n Third rt.; near Market: 100 rooms;
'-¦¦ • '.:'¦':¦ per nicht: tl .V 0 to $6 per w«-k; •
:•¦•* 'Vjiji« and liacrae* to and from the ferrj'- j
SIME. ADA c\:rr-r rh^umatii'm. headaches, n*u- '
ra'.s'.F.; »'.) p»in !>-avt-s like marie fr^m her j
wor,<VrfaSly s*.rt»d hands. 1343 Howard ft.
ISLAND'S eeco:;d-han3 rlcthir.jr store. T5 Xinth: •
full nUue civpn '.or ladle*', children's ca*t-^ff j
l-.ir.p. troaks. «••?. phone. Ifoward 11'!.
STAMMERING f^okVt J. WHITE- !
HOKN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 3TIS L!n3^n «.. Oakland, f
WANTED— O\i cold for manuf'e. O NOLTE. '
• '••', r<< OTiirrelt bet. I'mrii and Macnn. j
IF yoo with fu!: value for ywir cost-orr doth-H
Ir.y oil! r,n D. Coh»r.. !r,7! r ,7 Th.M: t»-l. Kiark 413.
LA 3 ..~fcr.ii cents* rart-ftll dotfaisrbouxljt sni i
fold, y-ivc-nan. r-*4 FoUom: tel. Folnora 119 L J
AIaASKA !ur jr»Tr!Prt». };<vo,j». mitt». l^athT 1
"!•.•' :-. V. ''T-tVK'TAV. Vti P«n»^rr.e ft.
PUVSICIAAS AM> SinCEOXS.
snj C. C. O r>ONNELL^Ofriorrnd~re^idenc-7
1 -' x ' • ' ¦'. '•• ':¦.;•, nrA Rpvonth. '!
IIEAL CSTATIi CITY KOR SALkT |
HorjEZr'iiGMrT !
>¦ lan;e ?unny f>oms. bath, launiry, basement. |
larye attic, furnace, conservatory; jot SOxll" •
¦ feet to alley; unobstructed vi»-w of city and
. bay: beautiful fljwcn>. lawns, fruit trfes, I
<hirk*n-hous/>. «-tc. ; tSOO cash, balance ea*y j
- imyrocnts. J r . Vickrbtire it.; tPke Twent: -
*ecf>nd-Pt. electric car* to s<th anj Vicksburir.
PACIFIC Hclnhts-Lnts IJOO per fuot. THE Me
JTAimiT CO.. CK6 Market st.
'VA.VTniJ- UV-sfrn Adiitlcn. Pacific Height*
I*rc*!'.in and i'.lrhu.ond t<;rntr lota. THE Mc-
CAKTHV rO.. CtC Market et.
tA«;IUFICE— New ivroum. S-story houFe; lot
r?r2iJV). with chickt-n -house. »-tc.; suitable
ior :.iii; must t* cold; ru&ke an offer; tlgOO
or U.v. SHADLTURNE. CIC frtcramento et.
tlTiO-I FUNNY flatF; Eroderick St.. near Clayl
I and 6 rsorcs ar.d bath each: key lot; rents
tUi: mi*t b* sold; ior a lew days only. Box
SO. Can office.
REAL. 2STATB— CITV FOR SALE.
A. M. SPECK & CO. ~~~
__ cc ' Merket et.*. oprK)eite Kcamy.
irM.tto— Market Et.; t frontages; pays 4 per
cent nt-t en oIJ improvement.
| f^O.OOO— Market st.; fO feet front; pays 4 per
{ <"fnt net: it xranu nurchase.
ty-, ¦•«••— Grarrd Investment, few blocks from
I Chn Bide; rents $i0o; M feet front; brick lm-
1 pro\>nit-nts.
I jfcf.CM.— Grasd corner: 75 feet front: half block
j from Karkct *•:.. not far from Sixth; rents JOCU.
fr^.CC'O — Hire Investment; vicinity Powell and
I Geary * if. ; (-story brick building; etcree and
¦ •¦•;--.! z In .•-<- nbeve; :¦•* !>»• front.
JC.KC— Corn-r; rents {4.0; modern itnprove-
'¦ ri«-r.t*: lot StxlC» :»-et.
J4f>.(».iO— Must tell; near Kearny et. ; near
| Chronicle; r^nts J3C.10 a year; 3i feet front.
, K4.fvO— Sixth St.; 75 feet front; rents JHOO
I yearly; cooj :<uiia:Bß; * mores.
lU-.jOO— Taylrr st.. near Eddj'.
j:\^*— Eddy tt.; larie lot; rents J3O; all
rer.-ud.
A Viarratn— X. E. ccr. Clay and Lyon sts. ; £6x
Utt feet: make, orfrr.
Rttift— gix eUz'ar.t new flat?; let 50x100 feet:
all rentrd for IS4 a menth; grand bargain.
I $7k;o— Six rood fiats; i<;n:s $C€J yearly; down-
! tMin; Irt .'/> frrt fruit.
I f«aoO— Thr^e ih^icc flats; Hayes St.; mortgage
I ?*(«.•: a s:is>ri.
I ivfo— Po* ell-rU flats; all rented; $31.
{ZJOw-^our fiat*, within few blocks of Ninth
! an.l Market us.; rents iZi.
tlTHj— Two nice T.flts; rents $16 50.
IT.', —Six rooms End iut 45x72 feet.
A. M. SPECK &. CO., C 67 Market st.
WANTED at ence— Nice, cl<"an. vacant flats
uui houfec fcr r~r-<i ;en^nts. Apply at once,
SPECK & CO., CC7 Mafket «.
i A CHEAP LOT ON F.HANNAN STREET"
North sii-. between Fifth ar.d Sixth.
73 feet front by ll'i feet deep.
Only JGCOO.
THOMAS MAGEE A- SONS.
lies! Estate .\s»nti>.
Moctgomeir Street.
' I FINE \-unrii>f. cornerc. with improvements:
KOxJOO. SW. - :. Church ana Seventeenth, and
7ix^«. cor. Nineteenth and Hartford. <"JEO.
\V. 11. PATTERSON & CO.. KO6 Market st
IP ycu have Ic.is i". Richmont! Jislrict. north of
the Park, that yc:i \\ i>-h to tell qu!ck'.y ih»n
call on W. J. GUNN. CM CnlUemla
:::r<— 2 FLATS. »trcn*ly t -jilt ; Washington st . #
ne.ii I^irkln; lot I7:Cx!-7.6: here are fiats
rirht near town: & ar.<! C nora« and baih
each: ir.'jst f*l!. Rox Cl€ 4. Call office.
HAVE you r»sl cs'ate In tn<? Miss:on or Hor-
r.ei's Addition sh.rt yru wl*h to dispose
I th»n ri«l! on \V. j GUNN. SM California lit.
I FOR esie very cljea^. lot 4 r >xl6f'; east line cf
MlKSlon tt., b»t. Elchth and Ninth, with im-
ix-ovement*. G. W. 11. PATTERSON CO..
17« Market it.
BROADWAY, bet. Jr.n**s and Leavenworth st«.
— I f.ats: Urt pays SV» per cent. 172S Hyde ft.,
rear Broadway.
! MUST t» sold: store a;-.i r.a:: SE. cor. Mari-
! jk'sa R.r. 1 Florida, near Bryant. Pc« owner.
j IIEAL ESTATC — COUNTRY — Kor Sale
11 ACT.ES closo to depot, SG mi>s from thli
city; 3 ncres In flneyanl: som» orchard:
house and barn: a fine neighborhood: beau-
tiful pcenery; rur.nine water in front; bank
prlcf lUW: a snap: don't miss it. H. 11.
CRANE. fOS California st.
SPLENDID farm of 117 acres pood land, ad-
: jolninr town of P!ea«i!iton. Alameda County:
I can r.r™ be purchased at $47 r>o per acre and
i includinir portion of crowing crops. H. H.
I CRANE, id <"a!lfcmla st.
! Sr.'iV. 125". PER aTe for Immediate »ale; I^iO
a.ere* 'or l«»ss): nearly all In crop: Alameda
Co.: n* *uch barca:n ever offered. H. 11.
CRANE. XS Ca'.lfomia ft.
¦
FOR PALE.
One cf the very finest pieces of paying b'JM-
r.eFs property !n the rity of fan Jose. Cal.,
¦ fcr :he purpose of "-losing estate of Francis
f-tock. deceased: 75% feet front on First tt..
between Santa Clara and El Dorado its . with
an "L" Ol 58 feet frontage on El Dora Jo St.;
all covered with busicees buildings paying J430
per month rental.
Apply to S- F. LEIE. attorney for executors,
San Jose, Cal.
ALTA FUNTA Tract, San Pablo aye., S miles
ncrth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe rnilroad:
valley lanj by the acre. $:^ to $:no. Call for
map*, etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. ft.
ABOUT 3 acr^s f.ne roil, half a mile from Col-
ma, about 2 blocks from electric cars; part
cash if desired; a bargain. 44S Valencia Bt.
J. W. HORN. Si: Main St.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thorourhbred Belgian hares. Send
fcr free list of Sonoma County bargains.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Land for rale in Sonoma. Cor.tra Costa. Glenn,
Partn Crut. Shasta and Tehatr.a Ccs.. Cal.
REAL. ESTATE WANTED.
WE want Fan Francisco, Oakland, Alameda
and lierkel»*y property in exchange for mock,
fruit and general farms. FCHWEINHAHD &.
CO.. £17 Market st.. room 1.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
PROMPT attention given to exchanging coun-
try and city prop«rty. SCHWEINHARD &
<X>.. S!7 Market et.. room t.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLAT of 4 b*-autiful large rooms, with bath,
completely furnished for housekeeping; hot
and cold water: gas and telephone; new
house: fine view; healthy Ijcatlon; in a small,
private family; no children wanted; rert rea-
sonable. 4251 Twentieth St.. near Castro.
BIRCH aye.. €15. bet. Laguna and Buchanan —
Two rooms and kitchen. $7; water Included.
BUSH, C 1C — 2 suites of rooms for housekeeping;
J elngle rooms; sunny side; rent reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. TTt ~ finnny parlors or rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
EDDY. 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms: gas
and bath; light housekeeping allowed: cheap.
FIFTH. 34*— Two rooms furnished for houie-
kf^j'ir.g: chrap rent.
FLLLMORE. 812, near Clay— 3 unfurnished
roomx. $10 : also 2 unfurnished rooms, $7.
FOLSOM. 770'-i— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms f"r lijusekeeping; also 1 single room;
reasonable.
GEAUY, 475— Front alcove: light housekeeping
if d^ir<-d: gas. bath: rent JIS.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 409— Furnished parlor;
also large alcove; private American family;
adults^
GUERRERO, 1147— Punny front room, bedroom
and kitchen; furnished; t!2.
HOWARD, 7S1 I*—1 *— Nicely furnished sunny single
and double rooms; housekeeping; man and
wife; reafonable.
HAVES. liO— ! nice sunny housekeeping rooms;
eink and stove; rent $10^ I
HOWARD. 1314— Large sunny bay-window room
with kitchen complete for housekeeping.
J*CK. C <~>N &v>— Elegant house: 3 furnished 1
room*; one double: w.th gas: f^7 b»; gas Btove. 1
JESSIE. 372. near Fifth and Market— House- |
keeping niomf; tV).
JUNIPER 4*S. off Folsom, tyt. Tenth and
EWenth— Furnished room for housekeeping.
LEAVEN WORTH, Sunny corner bay- win-
dow; unfurnit-hed: American family; adults.
MARKET. 1C«. opposite Tenth— Large sunny
alcove; housekeeping; furnished: V.
MINNA. 2S— Sunny furnished housekeep'ng and
Fine!* 'rooms; 71c and tl per week.
UISSION. 911' i— Sunny kitchen and bedroom,
farn.*hed for hou**-k»ej>ing^
OAK. 11*— 1 large sunny furnished housekeep-
ing'; irrn l*d. closet: clean; IS.
PINE. 1300. comer Hyde—: front Funny corner j
housekeeping rooms; folding bed; gas range;
. r»afcor>at>l«-. {
SACRAMENTO, IM4. near Larkln— Elegantly j
furnished tulte or single: sunny: appreciate!
tt n**-n; light housekeeping If desired.
SOUTH~PAUK IS4— l or 2 sun^y rooms; nicely I
furnished f'.'r housekeeping.
THIRD. i»— Small fulf eunny rooms for light
hou«-ktejii:iß; t»rms reasonable.
tT'RK 127-Rcom for man and wife; light j
boueekj>«:: *1C; large single front room. tS.
TWELFTH. 14^-S'jnny furnished suite*, com- 1
plet« f >r housfke«-plnc.
UNION Square aye., 3l7B— Nlc» »unn>' front
fir.pl-* rot.m; aj«o housekeeping room.
VAN NESS >v»., lCtl — 3 or more rooms, en
•¦uite: parlor floor; gas range; complete for ]
hnvf" k^piiig^
WA SH I NGTON. fJO— Hnu»ek»*pir.g rooms;
ne«!y papered: $5 per mocth^
CLASSIFIE3> advertisements and subscription*
received st Call branch office. ::00 Fillmote.
A BRANCH office for Call sdvertlsement* and
robsrriptlons has been established at 1O.<«
Valencia Ft.
ItOOaTs TO LET — Fnrn. and I'nfurn.
A^^IU?NSWICK~HOUSEr*I4J BUth— Rooms
JSc to *1 P*r night; SI 25 to %i p«r week, and
light housekeeping; open all night
"vN~~^iepantly furnished front alcove room,
" bath aljoining; marine view; Fuitat.-le for 1 or
2 pentit-men. te* i.'alifornia tl.. nr. Powell.
A— •THE ELMER HOUSE." J24 Bush et.. ad-
Jolnirc the Ru«s Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
EOHEMIA. "33 Pott st.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner ruite ar.d single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all convenience.
BURNETT, I*^* Market st. (old No. US4)— Fur-
nished rms.. suite*, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA "05 <St. Peter'i House)— New
house, newly furnished; bousekeepSn; rooms.
*»OOMS TO LET — Farn. and Cnfarn.
CAUlFORXlX^M— Elegantiy" furnished sunny
rooms, single or en aotte. with phone and
bath; rent very reasonable.
CARROLTOX, IM6 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well turn. ; rmf. &of flees.
CLIFFORD, corner Ellis and Mason— Elegant-
ly furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 299— Newly furnished large tunny front
r-o:m, with German family.
FIFTH, 309— New boose; nice single rooms; fras,
running water; to and J6 per month; sunny
bay-window rooms, >10.
FOLSOM. S6S. corn?r Sixth (The O!lver)-Sunny
furnished rooms: »u!t»s or single: new murnt,
FRANKMN, 417— Larjr* sTinny partly furnished
room in middle flat; light housekeeping If
desired; $5.
GKARY..4OG <Th» Navarret-EleeanUy furni«h-
*d roomß:suites or slnirle: travelers apcom.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Xice furnished rm.
I Fuitable for 1 or 2 rentlemen. with bath.
GRAND SOUTHEKN. southeast corner Seventh
and Mission et*.— Sunny rooms, en suite cr
tangle: ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye.. 21 (The Wellington)— A family
rooming boose; by tlay, week or month.
HANCOCK HOUSE. T5l Mission !>t.— Select
family rooming house; SI 60 to $6 per we«k.
HARRISON. 784%; near Fourth— Finely fur-
nish«l sunny ronrre; bath; all conveniences;
I homelike; $1 R week. ••', •: '.;¦'.•:
HOWARD, SlS'— Rocms from $1 we.^K up to J5,
Ssc to tl night: al«rv houseke»pin2 romos.
JESSIE. CU — Newly furnished room to let;
___.
MINNA, 6€7, corner Eißhth— New furnished bay
window room. II per w^ek: transient.
MISSION. SJ7A (Avoca House>— New; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
NINTH, 100— Sunny furnished rooms to let;
with or without t>oard.
' O'FARRELL. »o— Sunny furnished rooms and
[ offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk., mo.
| ORLANDO House, 9?9 Howard, cor. Sixth—
funny rooms; price? to yuit: opm nipht.
i Pt'ST. 233. corner Stockton— Thf finest fumishel
transient rooms lor t'.>ur!st«= in the city; flret
floor; hot ar.ri cold water: elevator.
POWELL. Ill— Lipht. clean, comfortable rms.;
P.OgEDALE Hnu«e. 319 * 3!1 Ellis st.— Rooms,
nieht. sfo to Jl: week. II 25 to $4: cp»n night.
ROYAL HOrRE. 12S Ellis tt.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
rarlor; rorms. per nf^ht. 33c to $1 50: week. 12
to JS; menth. J8 to 120; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
j SAN ANTONIO. II Taylor St., near Market— An
! up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
I furniture: hot and cold water: radiators; salt
I sea baths: suites and. single rooms.
! SEVENTH. 2C2— Nicely furnished front rooms;
j quiet place: large yard.
j SHERMAN Apartment House. 25 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
{ SOUTH PARK. SO— 2 sunny front rooms and
i bath: suitable for men; In private family.
! STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rotisserie)— Nicely
1 furnished rooms from $12 to J3O.
j TAYLOR, 149 — Large sunny rooms: transient
! and theatrical people solicited; 52 50 week up.
' TENTH. 11$ — Unfurnished tunny rooms and
baih: tn ko<xl condition; reasonable rent.
j THE OAKS. 119 Third— A Rood room'.nir house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
j THE PIEDMONT. 113 A Sixth— Sunny furnished
i rooms; double ami cingle; easy terms.
! TURK. 3&— Elegant ror.rr.s. en suite or single;
; transient, central and reasonable.
i VALENCIA. S34H. n»ar 20th— Front parlor and
I kitchen; furnished hcuseke»plng; us« of bath;
i nt so.
j VAX NESS. 504-^Parlor suite, sunny, suitable
; for two or more; with board.
ItOOMS A.YD HOARD.
j NEW family hotel; first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special inducement* to
select people. SO7 Ca.llfc.rnla St., occupying-
corner opposite Grace Church.
| A— HOTEL La Normandle, 32S Eddy— Sunny
I suites and single rooms: everything new; flrst-
j class table and service; prices moderate.
, BELGRAVIA Hot«l. Polk and Clay— Sunny
I bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
FRANKLIN. . r «3— Sunny front room; bath, gas,
. breakfast, dinner: Hi month: private family.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALM AS, I'M Market st.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
TWO neatly furnished single rooms; with or
without beard. 3*4 Minna st.
VAN NESS aye.. SH4 (The Wallace)— Rooms
and beard; furnished and unfurnished: 110 up.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILIXG'S pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external. Internal or protruding
piles wtthout (ail. no matter of how long
standing. 16IS Devlsadero Pt., near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55J0.
.
ROOMS papered from S3; whitened. $1 up;
painting rtone. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWIXG MACHINES A.YD SUPPLIES.
REXTED, repaired, bought, sold: machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, l4s 6th; phone Mint 43.
ALL kind? bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAR.EHOCSES.
PIERCE^RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Otr.ce. 401 Post tt.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 571 J.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2520 Flllmore st.: 'ohone Jackson 2SI.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market *t. :
tel. Sooth £35: picklne. moving and storage.
TO LEASE.
KENILWORTH INN. romantically situated in
Mill Valley: M minutes' ride from San Fran-
cisco: completely furnished: 40 rooms; steam
and hot water baths; electric lights; heaters
throughout; elevators, etc.: rent low. Apply
MADISOX & BURKE. 62S Market st.
TO Lease— All or part of vacant property; 85x \
160: on Mission st.. near Fifteenth; will build
light »tnicture. Owner, box 3109. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA IIEAL ESTATE.
HALF block; well located, fine business corner;
Improved property : free from incumbrance;
terms r«-afonable. Address AXDREW, owner.
Call ofn.-e. Oakland.
j4.»,OO_ELEGAXT home of 3 rooms on Grand st.;
In a park-like neighborhood; all modern Im-
provement*: near station and school; this Is a
great opportunity, as owner is going to Eu-
rope. Call or address H. P. MOREAL & CO..
34.12 Park ft.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY IIEAL ESTATE.
JUST secuKH I.—1 .— A lot within 1 block of the Uni-
versity for T7i». and will build house on easy
terms. O. G. MAY & CO., Berkeley station.
$3700— BARGAIN in new modern 7-room house:
ulumbing A No. l; finely located on Durant
aye. O. G. MAY & CO. .
iZiMO — Modern home of 8 rooms: street improved
and near cars. O. G. MAY & CO.
SEE cur building lots on Grove st. for J450:
near University aye.; snaps. O. G. MAY &
CO.
lISN^COTTAGE house, 5 good rooms, bath,
basement: brick founilatlon: newly painted
nnd decorated: fine corner. SCxllti; near train
and cars: very easy term*. 11. D. IRWIN, I
Lorln station. I
JlJftO— MODERN colonial house. 7 rooms and
l.ath: convenient to Dwlght way; on fine
•>treft: larr«" lot: a hargain. H. D. IRWIN,
It. R. wniting room, Lorln station; open Sun-
day*.
ELFGANT S-room home, adjacent University,
Ju^t romr-leted; also 50-foot lot. with modern
i-rorxn cottage In South Berkeley; $1500. M.
1.. WURTS. Seventeenth and Broadway. Oak.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND nEAL ESTATE.
$i;CO— MODERN 4-roem cctta^e; bargain; easy
tirms. 1402 East Twenty-second St.. East
Oakland, or 3C9 Hayes St.. San Francisco.
OAKLAND lIOOMS.
fc'UNNT room*, single, tn suit* and housekeep-
inc: M up. Hotel Shasta. l?2t Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALeJ.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
MARRIED.
PREYER— BALLARD— In this rity. March 29.
1500, by the Rev. J, Fuendeling, William
Dreyer and Hose Ballard.
HAXSSELMANX— WIL.KE— In this city, March
27. I.'CO. by tho Rev. J. Fuendellne. Henry
Hansdmann and Maria Wilk".
JORGEXSEN— BENNER— In this city. March
?<<. 1900, by the Rev, J. FuenJelir.S, James Jor-
grensen and Minna Renner.
O'BRTEX— RICHARDS— In this city, March 17,
jf*r*j. by the R^v. Father Kfan, Sadie E.
O'Brien and Joeeph C. Richards, both ot this
city.
OLPEX— OTTEN— In this eltjr. April 1. by the
Rev. J. Fuendellr.c. Otto Wilhelm Olsfm of
Sonoma anj Anna Otten of Saa Francisco.
PITZ— BRAN/.— ln this rity. March 31. by the
Rev. J. Fuendelinr, ¦William I'itz and Maria
Itranr.
SCHOEMBS— ROBRECHT— In this city. March
JS. 1H». by the Rev. J. Fupndeling, August
Schoembs and Marie Robrecbt.
SCHLEC— SORENSEN— In this city. March 23,
1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling-, A. Hermann
AY. Schleu and Christina Sorensen.
STROH— HARDEN— In this city, March 31,
I'M. by the Rer. J. Fuendeling, Anton Stroh
and Martha Harden.
THOMAS— SCHL'LTZ— In this city. March 31.
1900, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Prince J.
Thomas and Edith Schultz.
•7sOOa E —kit. Kuisan, Eialra. VaariUe.
Km*;j;r.iMcr»i«-o *?>ft3>
•liOOa Shvtk Expre«»— Dxiis. Willows,
Re.l Ku!f. Vortlacd »7:43y
•7»31»A Murtincs. .-»*n liauion, ViUejo, :.*;».
l - aJ;Btcra.»'-»'lSiara l:rsa # «:15r
•S:3O* TboOT«Uf..lLijifeA-03:e2. Don-
?er, Oicaha. ChJc»6'i *3« 15s-
•1:::<>4 Sau Jos«. I'tisrMuzt, S:r>ciit'«ii.
line, f] son km ¦ In. riac-niU*.
Marj"i!^. Chiec, UedUiuff »4:13p
•"»:3O* 'Milton. Oa«<Sal<*, hc>>"ra. C*rters. «. •*: Mr
.»J:<M»* TUywap'is. .Ni!« s ard Waj Stations. »H:iaA
•9rt>«»A rUri*, WoodU^d. Kci*ht» Laadiivs.
M jrj <v...'. Oro7U>. «7:1.1p
•«i«O» Allan'.io Kiprwa— Ozden and EaaS # «:t3A
•0:OOi M«r: :««•*. Traer. X4itaxo^ StocktoD.
Merc-tltßul'rcsso »l*:l3r
•9iO»« Port Costi. k tetmo. MiJ&to aud Ixa
An SJ lr« ••»43r
• ••rf>«* Vali-J.j. Jlartteeson! Tr«ySiafk>O3 ¦•:-l3f
• |l:UOi >'il ¦¦«, ti»or:oor». Stockton. Ha«r»-
Beata. ileiiaota. UtaloiJ. VUalia.
rsitcrvlUa »4:13r
•I 2:«M»C HajwirJs. Xil-^ and W*y Stations. »*>»3f
tl:«M»pH*erajnent.» l:»¥eiH»e.»Mi«ra ?*'<•«»
•3:«M»i- U^y« iru ,. Mile* act \V*y Bt»tioc«. »a:43p
*4sWWr MATtltiex. feu Itanton. VaUe;a.
Ni«l>». C»l>«t..j« .Suit Roft* »I»sl3*
•li«»«i- r..-r..rii. Vic*iii>. t»si»iu#nto.
U>....tKi..1. Knf.iii* !anuu:g,
Sl»rj«Ulc. Oiot.il. 'LOt-ISA
•JiSVMin HauJr»oau.KStocktou •?:!*•*
•s:UUrl> Owi Limited— Tracy. Trerco.
lUkem !e"... f anyM for Saata tar- »
bar*. V,a Awrlt-s. 'lOM^a
a3i*OpSut*e»LiTited-EIP»*J. New Or-
" lw»ns»3d Kift «I«s43a.
•.•>:3Op Stf*ktoD. Meiccil. Jremio •ia:l3»
•r.:3i»r >'trs»u. K*.»r».-p -I. Hs*l* f(ai)>ara.
LM Ap*-Ics. I>cmii.i 1-1 I'iso.
New <>rl<.-!»r» and r«»6 »Si-« 9«
•5:3«r Mx,,! i V« Itjitte— A rlautlo E»Jiir«a
f«r Moj.iT- »...l Cwl '•'»f
•C:«»«p Tlanraxtln. X,ln«J«Uj»n .Io«e .. _7» I-"» 4
?«:.TMi- V»!!»j.» •iSJjISr
*«*:3orOnrr.tjl Miil— Os >n, Cheyenne.
Ou»hv thic^s> ••»43a
•SiZar Ort*r:tal Uai— 4»sUcb, Den»er.
Omaua. ChioMrx M:lS*
JT:O«P V»:;rj... Tit: C'osU and V7»j f •*¦
tiona *9:53»
•»iO3i- Occton and Crnlif. rnK iUjrnw.Sac-
»*».«.».». »i..t>»»n>. i:^i.TiiTg.
r..ctK...;. r ¦«-¦¦ sts t «¦¦¦< ' "¦«» »^iiaa
«Otsi' i>lVlNl4t\ (>irrniT fiacre).
(F:. :<f MirfcrtS»r<v-t.>
*»;»"»a *.rwark.tvittrrfii!'v s »'>-';'« < ?.*'* l '*n.
Coupler Crr«k,!--aiit»Crui*ud Yl'ay
KU^irn »3J«»
t2:IAr Newuk. Cent*rTi:;-, 8a» .!¦.»*. Urw
Alai»drn. FtritoD. Roßldca Crrek.
8«n»« Cuia aoU I ti:<iy»i V.'aj
Butfloun fl«:.1»*
•l:t^p Savu*. tUn.lrso. l/tl.iV'i niiJOa
Ml:15:- Hungers' Fxci^rsi.n. Saa Jcse and
V,'.» .stvff-r^ ;7iB»f
cFfEk route: ferry.
ri«sSi> MKi'tti -Tml tf a»t.»'. l(ntl(SS>l) —
•715 »-W I^oo^.s^. |X.-C1 *:33 JJ:M
*t:i t3:ca ?C:::^.«.
BwMPUI. f»MsHsi»4»ST.«~*tjod 8-XO 10:09 a.M.
nzzz •!::: tz-.zz *3.:: tizi 'Z.zzr.*.
EIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
DAVIS— In Oakland. March SO, 1900, to the tvlfe
of Hyman Darts, a son.
EAILKOAD TKAVEL.
¦•mrewi r » ii vie c«bpasT.
(rAciric system. t
Tralai !•»*«• na«] ore line lo «rrl »• •«
(Main Lino. I \.c: ct .Maricet ?:r-ot.>
and mother of John D., Kittle A.. Pennls J..
Thomas F. and Agnes Mahoney, a native of
Ireland, atred 56 years.
Cs"Frieiids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday^ at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 651 Hayes Ptreet, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her *oul.
oommencir-s at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McDONALD— In this city. March 31. 19C0. Mary
V., beloved daughter of Patrick and the late
Annie Wee McDonald, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 223 Fulton street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the rspose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemet»ry.
MORIARTY-In this city. March 30, !*». t>an-
,iel. beloved son cf the late John ard Kridcet
Moriarty. and brother of the late' Mary Mor-
larty, a native of can Francisco, aged 3?
years.
IT7"rne funeral will take plice this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 22 Howard court, oft Howard street,
between Fourth and Fifth, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repese of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Ceme-
tery.
NELSON— In this city, April 1, ISOO, qustave.
beloved husband of Mary Nelson, father of
John and James Nelson, brother of Osptain
John Kelson of Eureka. Humholdt County,
and brothpr-ln-law of John and .limes IJn-
ske-y and Mrs. Elvin of Vallejo. Cal.. a native
of Sweden, aged 43 years.
EyNntiee of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of PacllV Undertakers. 777 Mission
street. Please omit (lowers.
NORTON— In this city. April 1. 1?00. Walter
W. Norton, a native of County Roscomrnon,
Ireland, aged M yrars.
O'CONNOR — An anniversary requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
Rev. P. J. O'Connor at 10 o'clock to-morrow
(Tuesday), in St. James Church. Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets. Friends and rela-
tives ar^ invited to attend.
OPPENHEIMER— In this city. April 1. I*'*.
Henry, beloved husband of Mary Oppenhelmer
ond father of Mrs. A. Bissinrer. Mrs. S.
Pfeiffer of San Antonio. Texas, and Emil.
Harry, Albert and Edward Orpenheimer. a,
native of Germany, aged 70 years and 6
months.
CTs"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), nt 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
lience, 1118 Sutter street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery by special train at 11 o'clock
from Thlfl and Townsend streets. Ey spe-
cial requtst. no flowers.
'ATTEN-In this city. Marrh 31. '1300. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of William P. Patten,
and mother of William J.. Harry A.. Mary
E. and Herbert J. Patten, a native of Lon-
don. England, aged 53 years 10 month 3 and 7
days. A member of California Circle No. 103.
C. O. F. (Sew York City papers please copy.)
uT? Friends and acquaintance are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2 Central court, off Octavla street, be-
tween Haight and Waller, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at S a. m. Inter-
ment Holr Cross Cemetery.
RUSSELL— In this city, March 31. 1300. Mon-
son Russell, husband of Georgie E. Russell,
and father of Beatrice E. and Tracy G. Rus-
sell, a native of Concord, N. V.. aged 62
years and 7 months.
CyFrteni* are Invited to attend the funeral
services this day (Monday), at I o'clock, at
Masontc Temple, corner Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of California
Lodge No. 1, F. and A. M. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock tratn
from Third and Townsend streets.
K. T.— California Commandery No. 1, K. T. —
Officers and members ar» hereby notified l<y
assemble In the asylum this day (Monaay). at
1 o'clock, for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our deceased frater. Sir Monson
Russell. By order of th*
EM. COMMANDER.
SIR HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
SCULLION-In thin city. April 1. l>3o. John F..
beloved son of Patrick and Elizabeth Scullion
and brother of Mary Elizabeth, Margaret nnd
Sarah Jon<»r.hlne Sculiion and the late Wil-
liam Scullion, a native of Pan Francisco, ase»l
29 days.
SHAUGHNESST— In this rity, March SO, 1900,
Frank H.. dearly beloved son of William and
Ida Shaufrhr.essy, a r.Rtlve of San Francisco,
aped 16 veiirs 11 months and 1 day.
(ry Friends and acquaintances are r»!<p<vt-
fully invited to attend the funeral th'.s flay
(Monday), from his late residence. 342 Fair
Oaks street, thence by el^ctrlo funeral car
from Thirtieth street and San Jose avenue at
2 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. April 1. I>X>. Julia.
¦widow of the late Michael Sullivan, sister-in-
law of James B. McMnnus and aunt of John
J. McManus and Mrs. Hush Kelly, a native
of Rarehaven, County Cork. Ireland, aged 63
years..
. D^Notire of funeral hereafter. R»ma!ns
at the parlors of Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-
sion street.
SWEETSER— In this cltr. April 1. I<*». at the
residence of her daughter, Mrs. Julia Temple.
Mrs. Sarah M. Sweetfer, a. native of Maine,
aited 77 years 3 months and 7 day.c.
TRAI'TVETTKR— In this city, March 31. 15C0.
Walter A., beloved son of Alexander O. and
Julia Trnutvetter. n native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months and 3 days.
TREOIDGO— In this city. March 31. 1500, Marlon,
dearly beloved wife of Alfonso A. Tregidgo
and loving- mother of Mabel. Don and Eugene
TreKidgo, a native cf Scotland, aged 4j years.
WILLIAMS— In this city. April 1. 190). Mary
A. Williams, beloved mother of Robert K.
Cowes and sister of J. V. and C. R. Campbell.
Mrs. Eliza Day and Mri>. Rhoda Slaughter, a
native of California, aged 43 years -4 months
nnd 14 liavn.
MoAVOY <fc CO..
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS & EMBALMKRS
IHS Market St.. between Sth and 9th. J
Telephone South 247. )
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across tbe continent.
Co^nectiko Traix Leaves Saw Fs a.vcisco:
••¦ P.n. Monday, VVedoesday. Friday and
saturday. arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leases San Franciscw at 5:33
FYDDF<;<i V- m - w ' th Palace anj Tourist
R.MU c*™ ior Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia. TnUro daah
and BaVersfield. . KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FDUm cnrtN Market Street, Phone Main
way; Sacramento. 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
MOUNT TAMAi.PfII.S SCENIC KfllLVl/AY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week. Days 9:30 a. m. and !:*> p. m.
Sundays 5:00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. ra.
Steam-heated, closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and Return,
tl 40.
W eat her Report.
SAN FRANCISCO. April T— 3 p. m
JTt2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following are the seasonal rainfall!" to
date. &? compared with thf.se of same date last
Een?cn, and rainfall In last twenty-four hours:
l~m This Last
Stations— 24 lmurs. s°«son. season.
Eureka rt H 44.11 31.33
Rt-d Bluff 0.21 l».0| 19.37
Sacramento 0 -1° 15.71 I3.!ti
tsm Franci.-co «">.OS 17.10 15. JS
Fresno Trace 7.fK g.7j
Independence O.<» ;.*« us
San Luis Obispo nr> < U.K 11.77
Loh Anseles O.ftl 6.:>S 4.79
San Diego 0.00 3.15 4.M
Yunia 0.00 0.77 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
i>9: minimum, 50; mean. f>4.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Clourly nnd thrcatenlnp weather prevails over
the Pacific slope. Uftht rain has fallen in Cali
fornia from Fresno and San Luis Oblspo north
ward and over the western portion of Oregon.
The pressure has risen alons the immediate
coast and fallen over tho plateau and Rocky
Mountain replon. An area of high pressure Is
central off the Call^irnla coast, moving north
ward, and an area of low pressure is central
In Northeastern Wash!n«ton.
The temperature has fallen decidedly In Cali
fornia and Western Orecon and remained about
stationary in other districts.
Condition* are favorable for light showers
to-niKht and early M.Midny morning, followed
by fair weather in California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 2. won:
Northern California— Partly cloudy, probably
with showers Monday morning, followed by fair
weather during the day; fresh westerly wind;
warmer.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Monday;
llrht west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy, with ahowers, Monday;
cooler
T:3O ami S:CO ami SebastcpoL |19:4 / ) ara'lo:l3 an»
»:J0 pmj 5:09 pin! | 7:« pm| «:B pa
EAILROAD THAVEL.
California limited
Santa Fe Route
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL
J Cormaek. Sacto
J F Greenlee, Kansas
R M Hartley & w. Pa
Mrs T W Heintzelman,
Sacramento
Dr Swlsher. Healdsbrg
J S Perry, Petaluma
A H Sweeny, Fresno
J Livingston. Oakland
F W Johnston. Oaklnd
J McConaehy, Sacto
D C Perrln. San Jose
T Brandt. Pinole
H F Daniel?. Pinole
W B Standeford. Oak
E W Raymond. Oaklnd
W H Murnhy, Palo A!
C II Harrison, S Pablo
Mrs C Leach, St Louis
H Earlsc!irre. Cal
G Thelin. Albuquerque
R Stone. Waltham
F M Panser. N V
S S Ho!!. Sacramento
W H Wrieht. Butte
C O'Brien & w. Seattle
A Benton. Mexico
C S Kallifax. Sacto
J H Gardiner ii w. Ol
G H Minebuam, Texas
Mrs I B Talvin. Minn
W Fritz, Sacto
C M Hourhland. Ind
II M Dow. Boston
B G Parlow. Placer\lle
L Clark. Placerville
W 1^ Taylor. USA
G Phillips. Sacto
C B San Jose
\V Davidson. Colorado
I M Oush. Chlcasro
T Hart, Oeden
C foliar*. Lodi
A .1 Ijirson. Lodi
E L Webber. N:ipa
Mrs T Hai^h. S Rr*=a
\V M Parsons. Pasadna
E Richards & fm. Utah
\V B Ambrose. Cal
J Ball. Ben Lomond
Miss Hallenbeck. Bostn
Miss Llndberjr. Boston
A M iv-iw. Boston
W G Codinan. Boston
C S Pierce. Minn
II B Stewart. Ohio
H D 1-iehtner. Sacto
() H Scrlvelen. Orovllle
C lAufers-.veiter & w.
Fort Dodce
\V II Hammond & w,
Vlsalia
.T W Lee, Stockton
S M Siairrler, Stockton
S lira ley. Stockton
\V I) Tlilokos. Reddinp
W H Soderberr. Portld
D C Glllen. Sacto
T G Nicklin. Seattle
PALACE HOTEL,
IT A Ma-ton, S Jr.se
H II Jacobsor.. N V
A B Coleman, Vt
Mrs Darg-ie & d. Oak
H W Warriman. U S A
J II Dowel!. S Mateo
G Lawrence, S Matec
II B Taylor. Oakland
F H Fenton. Pa
S H J^nk'.r.s. S V
II Cook. G>-idley
W R Halle. Wash
L M Cole. Chlcag-o
R S Bodman. L Ang
A (J Hill. Ixrndon
R W Truman. Cal
C F May. N V
H Stokes & w. N V
P Newmnrk. L Ann
M H Newinark. L Anp
W Decker, w&d. D C
J II Flshback &\«-. D C
J J McAullffe. D C
U* Dlttman. w&ds Mo
H Stevens. L Ans
H Barnett. l> An;
B M Whit- & w, L A
W Peck & w. N V
an ard Ames Jr. Minn
Mrs Kohl. S Mateo
Miss H Hood. N V
Mrs O W Stoner, N V
Mrs L Hunt. N V
Mis 3 E Hunt N V
W A Green. Mich
W S Green. Mich
Q II D->ran. Chicago
J A Pitkln?, Vich
'J Neety & w, Term
Mrs C McGee. Term
J J 'Walt. Chicago
II L Christie. St L
C A I'arker. Bt LciT»is
:T M Alien. St Ix>uis
\V Waterh..u.-e .%w. Cal
t B Divver. N V
L James. Omaha
I Auchenot. Scotland
J C Pae« & w. Chicago
W C RlffffS. Pa
T I GifTord & w. Pa
Mrs C Waldron. S C
W Burnett. Stanford
Miss A B Sharke. Cal
Mis* I Sharae. Cal
CO IST lUVInMn (Broa<!t;.ia?c).
f lhtr.J «t.iJ To'tw*»..l St*.)
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE
l»»»s — F*oj» FrsBCAKT V. 1300. — abuts
MONDAY. APRIL I.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
AUCTION SALES
UtaA — Showers, cooler Monday.
Arlsona— Cloudy, probably with showers In
northern portion Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy Jn
the morning 1 , fair during the day Mon.lay; fresh
we.U wind. / G. H. WILLS OX.
Local Fprer-ast Official.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APEIL 2, 1900.
AUCTION SALE.
fe J£& £a
AT ICE MAF.XET STREET.
THIS DAY.
MONDAT April 2. at 11 a. m..
1 wflj sell UO head c' Fjrat-cjasa Work aa3
Drivlnc Hcrsea. s?ale positive.
THOg. MADIOAN'.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Ccost and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of Hl;h and I/iw
Waters at Fort Polot. entrance to Saj»
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hlch and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the heizht of tide Js the same at bnth place*.
ASSESSMENT notice— Wittram Propeller Com-
pany, office and principal place of business,
2M Market St.. San Francisco.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the Sth day of
March. ISO. an assessment (No. ?) of three
(3) cents per share was levied upon the capi-
tal stock of the corporation, payable imme-
diately Jn United States jrold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at th«
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 11th day of April. IJOO,
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and isn!»*s payment is made
before, will be sold on the ?Mh day of April.
1&C0, to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
jfether with costs of advertising and expenses
of sale. By order of the Board of Directors.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secretary.
?56 Mnrket ft.
AUCTION, TUESDAY, AP2IL I
&* £* &*
At 11 o'clr-ek a: Onsond* Stat», l.'tt Mission
street, between Eleventh arvl Twelfth, of 1 Car
of Choice Horses, guitab'.e for all purposes; »!*->
1 Top RoaJ Bocf— . Gent> Mar-? and Harness.
All liorses Guaranteed as Re->r»3ented.
S. WATKIXS, Auctioneer.
N. B.— lf you wan: lbs har.dwrew pony In
California !t will b<? solj at thi< sale. Gent.a
for children.
DIVIDE.M) NOTICES:
DIVIDEND Nnti(>»— Th» Giant Powder Com-
pany Con. — A dividend (No. li") of seventy-
flw (~rr) rrr.tr. per shHrc on th» i«sued cap-
ital fsfxk'of tbe company has b<>en declared,
payahle at the oflie* of the company. 4TO Cal-
ifornia st.. San Francisco, on April 10, 1900.
Trarsfer bocks close April 3. 1300, at noon.
A. A. SPAUKS, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. ICJ (SO
c*r.ts per chare) ol the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company. 227 Market street, on and after Mon-
day. Aorll 2. U»O0. Transfer books will close
en Tuesday, March 27. lfO. at 3 p. m.
K. H. STTF!I.rv*)V S«x*r»tiirv.
NOTE— In the above exposition of tfc« tides
th* early morning- tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of o-ccurrence a« to time. Th«
second time column Klves the second tide of
the day, th"» thiri time column the third tl<l<»
and the last or rtsfct hand column irlves th»
last tide of t!v» day. except when there are but
three tides, as «om»tlrfle» occurs. The h*i»ht3
irlven are Ir. addition In the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height.
and t*en the number given is subtracted from
th» depth Kiren by the charts. The rlaae of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waf-rs.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
SUNDAY. Arrt! 1.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, SS l i days from
Comox.
i-imr Corona, Gielow, 61 hours from San
Diego.
Stmr George Loomis, Brldsett. 33 hours from
Ventura-
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen. IS hours from Men
doolno.
Stmr Newsboy, Walvlg. 22 houra from Usal.
Stmr Dispatch, Johnson. 37 hours from San
Pedro.
U S stmr Sheridan. Pierce. 25 days from Man
ila, via Nagasaki 17 days.
Stmr Glusy, Nopacder, 2S houra from Mess
Landing, etc.
Brig Harriet G, Waylaad, 22 days from Maha
kona.
Schr Newark. Beck. IS hours from Bowens
Landing.
SAILED.
SUNDAT, April L
Stmr Orizaba. Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr Queen. JeDsen, Victoria.
Stmr BrunswlcJt. Andr'sen. Eureka.
Stmr Samoa. .Tahr.sen, Eureka.
I' S strnr Urant. Buford, Manila.
Stmr iJisDatch. Johnson.
Ptmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Bertha. Johan-en. Seattle.
Bktne Monitor. Forrest. Tacoma.
Schr Fortuna. Luberg. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT IX)BO?. April I—lo p. ta.— Weather
foggy; wind S, velocity 16 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
HONOLULU, March 24.— A boat from the
stmr Cleveland has arrived at Hana (Maui>.
reportlr.fr that the steamer had broken her sha!t
about 320 miles NE of Maul, and that assistance
was wanted. The Haw stmr Claudine has been
sent out from Kahului to look for the Cleve
land.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived Asril I— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro: stmr Aloha, hence March 31;
Fchr Sparrow, hence March 20: schr J B L^e<Ss.
hence March 27; schr Laura Pike, hence March
16; stmr San Pedro, hence March 31.
Sailed At>rtl I— Schr Halcym. for Newport;
stmr Pomona, for San Francis / "o; stmr Aloha,
for Crescent City.
TACOMA-Salled April 1-Schr Annie Larsen.
for San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived April I— Stmr Alcatraz.
from Eureka.
COOS BAY— Arrived April I— Schr James A
Garfleld. hence March 2^: schr Maxim, hence
March 21; schr Webfoot. hence March 26: schr
Daisy Rowe. hence March IS; scty Western
Home, hence March 17; schr Meiancthon. hence
March 24.
FORT BRAGG-Salled April 1-Stmr Xoyo.
for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 31— Schr Fanr.ie
Adele, from Grars Harbor.
Sailed April 1-Schr S C Holme?, for Port
Townsend.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived March 21-Schr Eric,
from Tacoma: baric Palmyra, from Ner.-castie.
March 22— Stmr City of Peking, hence March
15; schr Orient, hence February 25; ship E B
Button, hence February 23. March 2:; — Bark X
C Allen, hence March 5: U S stmr Mead", henoe
March 17: stmr China, from Yokohama-
Sailed March 20— Br ship Aspic- for Royal
Roads. March 21. Haw bark lolanl. for Hilo:
Br ship Lanslnsr. for Port Townsrnd. Marrh 22
—Schr Ruby A Cousins, for San Francisco:
stmr City of Pekine. for Yokohama: Br stmr
Bloemfontetn, for Kahului; schr Jessie Minor.
for Eureka.
DIED.
Auradou. Ida May Lederman. Charles
Harber, John A. Mahoney. Julia E.
Blaskower, Pauline McDonald. Mary V.
Blum, Moses Moriarty. Daniel
Calr.an. I>aniel Nelson, Guslave
Castillo. I>rmin - Norton. Waiter W.
Clark. Joseph E. O'Connor, Rev. P. J.
ClouKh. Mary K. T. r— «-»- e '~-- "~nry
Finnerty. Annie Patten. Marearct
Ploeter. Hermann H. iiu.-.-t . v
Gallagher, Edward P. S<-ul!ion. John F.
Hayward, I>-v\ls A. Shaughnej««y. Frank
Kuc-hnis. Charles G. Sullivan. Julia
I^imt^rt. William Pwpetser, Mrs. S. M.
Lambert. Sarah Trautvetler, Walter
Landvogt, Aueusta Tregldgo. Marlon
wuuwjunr a.
AURADOU— In this city. April 1. l? 00. Ida May,
beloved wife of A. Leon Auradou and daugh-
ter of Mrs. Ellen Sheridan, a native of Brook-
lyn. N. V., afed 32 years 6 months and 14
day*.
l^yFHends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tlie funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at S:3Q o'clock, from her late rest-
denre. 50< Jackson street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by train.
i BARDER-In this city. April 1. lSd. John A.,
I beloved hufband of Hannah M. Barber and
' father of Sumner Barber. Mrs. Bel! Clark
and the late John A. and Oscie Barber, a
i native of Nantucket, Mas?.
CTNotice of Juneral hereafter.
CUSKOWER- Entered into re?t. in this city.
April 1. IS"*. Pauline, dearly beloved mother
of Max Blaskower and Mrs. Ray Drossner, a
native of Germany.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
h»r daughter. 2006 Flllmore street. Interment
Home "f Peace Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train
from Third and Tonnsend streets.
BLT'M— In this city, March XL 1?W, Moses, be-
loved husband of Bertha Blum, and father
of Jacob, Is;t. Mas. Milton, Sanford, Belle
and Edna Blum, a native of Germany, aged
70 years 1 month and 17 days.
IP^Frleiids anJ acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 12:31 o'clock, at his late
residence, 12*3 Franklin street. Interment
strictly private. By special request, no
flowers.
CALNAN— In this city, March 30. 1900, Daniel,
beloved husband of Hannah Calnan, and
father of John and Julia Calnan and Mrs.
Henry Collins, a native of Balllnsplttle,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 64 years.
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence., 723»j Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the rt>iKis<? of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvnry Cemetery.
CASTILLO— In this rity. April 1. 1500. Fermln,
dearly beloved husband of Antonio Custillo. a
native of Mexico, aged Oj years.
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of Castagnetto & Delmonte, 643
and M 5 Vallejo street. .- .:••;. ¦".
CLAKK— In th'.s city. Arril 1, 19(W>. Joseph E.,
beloved eon of Edward and Jennie Clark,
brother of George Clark and trandson of
Oeorfe and Rosle Meehan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 1 month and 26 dayg.
ZZT Friends and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence. 1i53 Fifteenth street, i-orner of
Capp. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CLOL'GH— In this city, March 31, 1&0 O. at th*
residence of her son. Charles L. dough, ;i»2i
\Veb«ter street. Mary Keith Tllson. widow of
the late Amos Clouph. a native of Thomaston,
Me nired &5 years 1 month and 11 days.
[CTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 11 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery.
FINNERTY— At Stockton. Cal.. March 31. 1900.
Annie, relict of the late Michael Finnerty
nnd mother of the late James Finnerty, a
native of County Donegal. Ireland, aued Cs
years.
ETThe fur.ernl will tak« plac» to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Firth street.
FLOETER— In this city, April 1. 1300, Hermann
Helnrich. beloved son of Hermann and Marie
Floeter, a native of San Francisco, aced 1
year 2 months and 23 days. .
GALLAGHER— In this city. April 1. IMO. E<J-
wanl P.. beloved son of Patrick and Lizzie
Gallagher and crandson of Mary Gallagher
ami J/)hn O'Meara. a native of i?an Francisco,
aged 7 months and 20 days.
HAYWARD— In this city, March 30. 1300. Lewis
A., husband of Margaret S. Hayward, a na-
tive of Vermont, aged 53 years 6 months and
8 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from King Solomon's
Hall. Masonic Temple, corner Post and Mont-
gomery streets, umler the auspices of Doric
Lode*" No. 216, P. and A. M. Interment Cy-
pre?«i Lawn Cemetery, by special funeral car
lea vine Third and Townrend streets at 3:30
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
KUEHNIS— In this city. April 1, 19fl0. Charles
G., beloved husband of Frederlcka Kuehnls
and father or Bertha and Eugene Kuehnls. a
native of Switzerland, aged 4S years 7 months
and 5 days.
LAMBERT— In this city. March 31. l? 00. ¦Wil-
liam Lambert, beloved husband of the late
Sarah I-ambert and dearly beloved father of
George L. and Thomas A. Lambert nnd Mrs.
C. G. Hle'itower, a native of Essex, EnglanJ.
aped 7.» y*ars.
(TTFrlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeriil W<»Jne«day,
April 4. from the residence of h!s daußhter.
f,OO Buchanan street, at 2 o'clock. Interment
Laurel HI!! Cemetery.
LAMBERT-In Clovenlale, Cal.. April 8. IS9S.
Sarah Lambert, a native of Glasgow. Scot-
EXThe remains will be intTred in L«ur<»l
Hill Cemetery Wednesday, April 4, at 2
LANDVOGT— In this city. March 21. 1900. Au-
gusta, beloved wife of John Landvoct and
mother of Emma, Charlie, Berthn and Freddie
I^andvogt. a native of Cincinnati. Ohio, aged
42 years 7 days and 16 months.
|T7"Frlends "and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend t!»* funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from h»r late resi-
dence, 2718 Clementina street, near Fourth.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LEDERMAN— In the City and County Hospital.
April 1. 1%0. Charles I«edf>rman.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his oarentf. 10* Ash avenup, between Polk
street and Van Ness avenue. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
MAHONEY— In this cltv. March 31. 1300. Julia
E., beloved wife of the lat» D. J. Mahoney
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNKKAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEU3.
20 Fifth *t.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M.
9
rises..
Sun
Moor
n sets...
9
| Time.
; (Time |
' Ft. !
Ft. i
Tim*;
Ft.
a w
! «* w
I wl
U TV|
t ...
3 ...
4 ...
5 ...
? 0:35!
.. 2:CI
2.52'
I ».9 7J4;-
i 5.R l:ttf-
5.« 9:C»!
! 5.2 10:15 i
I 0.3!
S:l.t. r
4:»i
;:2*i
4.4 1
4.S 1
4.51
6:.'4:
9:S3i
2.1
3.i
3.3
1.3
j.*:'t
6 ...
! 4.3! JltM
«:33;
4.1
11:»!
3.2
..! s:<*!
! 4.«| ll:f»i
j-»i
4-51
iL w!
: " i»_ w !
L
H W|
9 ...
! 3.1 6:^'!
: 4..v
8: 11.
4.S
Steamer. I From.
! Duo.
j
Del Norte 'Oregon Ports
Walla. Walla... Victoria * t-uijtt So;
Crenrent City.. (Crescent City
¦\Varfleld jOyster Harbor
Pomona ,San Di*^o
Grace Dollar — 'Grays Harbor
Mackinaw (Seattle
Bonlta iXewport
I.asuna JTHlamook
Geo. W. Elder. ;Portland
South Portland Oyster Harbor
A berdeen (Port lar.d
Wtilamette ;3eattle
Point Arena .Point Arena
Arcata .Coos Bay
Columbia I Portland
Santa Rosa. jSan Diego
Ccqullle River. 'Grays Harbor
Aloha : Ciescent Cltv
Wr.
und A^r.
Apr.
1-A.pr.
Apr.
Apr.
!Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
jApr.
lApr.
|Apr.
jArr.
(Apr.
!A f r.
/Apr.
iApr.
.Apr.
2
Z
i
i
z
J
1
4
I
5
3
S
I
Aiona '.ieb.i'i.i <_;c>
t-'amca JHumboldt
North Fork jHumboMt
Moana ;Sy dne y
:Apr.
!>pr.
jApr.
s
Doric .China and Japan
City of Para.... 'Panama
Orizaba IXewport
Umatllla [Victoria A- Pu?et Sot
State of Cal 'Portland
!Apr.
!Apr.
iApr.
¦ur.d:Apr.
Arr. 1
7
7
7
It
Steamer, j Destination, j
?i
| Pier.
Newbure .. Grays Harbor; Apr.
State of Caijporliand ;Apr.
Corona. ifian Di-»go.....jApr.
Ruth jPuget Sound.. Apr.
Australia ..;Honolulu iApr.
Pomona 'Humboldt I Apr.
Del Nort*.. {Oregon Ports, j Apr.
Bonita iNewport [Apr.
City Puebla 1 Vie & P«t Sd.'Apr.
2. » pm'
j. lv *::>
X. 11 am
3. 10 am
4. J pm;
4. spm
4, am
I. 9am
X Diia,
i Pier %
Pi#r 11
Pier I
iPler ;
I Pier 3
tlPtern
i Pier 11
Pier »
Santa Rosa' San D!»ko JApr.
7. 11 am
China China & Japan 1 Apr.
PMSS
Curacao ... Mexico
7. 19 ami
Pt. Arena.. :Point Arena.. Apr.
7. 2 Drr» :
- yui
> , i .cr -
Arcata Coo» Bay jApr.
Columbia ..iPortland !Apr.
Coqulllp Rv, Grays UarborApr.
City Sydney Panama !Apr.
Coos Bay..' Newport !Apr.
%, li> am ]
% i
J. \1 nr
9. 9 am!
u'Pierll
PMSS
: I Pier It
rises..
Sun
Moor
n sets...
9
| Time.
; (Time |
' Ft. !
Ft. i
Tim*;
Ft.
a w
! «* w
I wl
U TV|
t ...
3 ...
4 ...
5 ...
? 0:35!
.. 2:CI
2.52'
I ».9 7J4;-
i 5.R l:ttf-
5.« 9:C»!
! 5.2 10:15 i
I 0.3!
S:l.t. r
4:»i
;:2*i
4.4 1
4.S 1
4.51
6:.'4:
9:S3i
2.1
3.i
3.3
1.3
j.*:'t
6 ...
! 4.3! JltM
«:33;
4.1
11:»!
3.2
..! s:<*!
! 4.«| ll:f»i
j-»i
4-51
iL w!
: " i»_ w !
L
H W|
9 ...
! 3.1 6:^'!
: 4..v
8: 11.
4.S
Steamer. I From.
! Duo.
j
Del Norte 'Oregon Ports
Walla. Walla... Victoria * t-uijtt So;
Crenrent City.. (Crescent City
¦\Varfleld jOyster Harbor
Pomona ,San Di*^o
Grace Dollar — 'Grays Harbor
Mackinaw (Seattle
Bonlta iXewport
I.asuna JTHlamook
Geo. W. Elder. ;Portland
South Portland Oyster Harbor
A berdeen (Port lar.d
Wtilamette ;3eattle
Point Arena .Point Arena
Arcata .Coos Bay
Columbia I Portland
Santa Rosa. jSan Diego
Ccqullle River. 'Grays Harbor
Aloha : Ciescent Cltv
Wr.
und A^r.
Apr.
1-A.pr.
Apr.
Apr.
!Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
Apr.
jApr.
lApr.
|Apr.
jArr.
(Apr.
!A f r.
/Apr.
iApr.
.Apr.
2
Z
i
i
z
J
1
4
I
5
3
S
I
Aiona '.ieb.i'i.i <_;c>
t-'amca JHumboldt
North Fork jHumboMt
Moana ;Sy dne y
:Apr.
!>pr.
jApr.
s
Doric .China and Japan
City of Para.... 'Panama
Orizaba IXewport
Umatllla [Victoria A- Pu?et Sot
State of Cal 'Portland
!Apr.
!Apr.
iApr.
¦ur.d:Apr.
Arr. 1
7
7
7
It
Steamer, j Destination, j
?i
| Pier.
Newbure .. Grays Harbor; Apr.
State of Caijporliand ;Apr.
Corona. ifian Di-»go.....jApr.
Ruth jPuget Sound.. Apr.
Australia ..;Honolulu iApr.
Pomona 'Humboldt I Apr.
Del Nort*.. {Oregon Ports, j Apr.
Bonita iNewport [Apr.
City Puebla 1 Vie & P«t Sd.'Apr.
2. » pm'
j. lv *::>
X. 11 am
3. 10 am
4. J pm;
4. spm
4, am
I. 9am
X Diia,
i Pier %
Pi#r 11
Pier I
iPler ;
I Pier 3
tlPtern
i Pier 11
Pier »
Santa Rosa' San D!»ko JApr.
7. 11 am
China China & Japan 1 Apr.
PMSS
Curacao ... Mexico
7. 19 ami
Pt. Arena.. :Point Arena.. Apr.
7. 2 Drr» :
- yui
> , i .cr -
Arcata Coo» Bay jApr.
Columbia ..iPortland !Apr.
Coqulllp Rv, Grays UarborApr.
City Sydney Panama !Apr.
Coos Bay..' Newport !Apr.
%, li> am ]
% i
J. \1 nr
9. 9 am!
u'Pierll
PMSS
: I Pier It111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
We will haye on sale this week an
elegant varietu of NEW FOULARD
SILKS, the verg latest- designs and
colorings.
The widths of these Foulards are
24 and 27 inches, and the prices are
85c, S/— and S/— per
Bard. We ask our customers to see
our window display of these goods,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trapper's OU cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, tOe flask. Blchards & Co., 406 Clay.
WHITE ASH STEM COAL, ¥^5^2-
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO at "?» gpkp>
RIVER COLLIERIES. I. th. Be." Coal V a fa
snxkeu Otflce and Tard*-«3> Mala ««•*.
Trust
Your Oculist
And brlns us the order for glasses. They wIT
be made to suit him and fit you. With the net
clip don't silo — tilt— waver — or pinch.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oi
premises. Quick repairing;. Phone, jx
64Z Market st^ uotrunjnts
tKCniCLi SwiOiMfc
AWI orders carefully executed and
promptly too
451 Pine »32Sutter «Soo California San Frattcl*:*
1075 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth OaklaaJ
BOWEN
& CO
Good goods always command a fair
pice — here they are as reasonable as the
Inferior class
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Baking pOWder— Excelsior $OC
reg'ly 40c lb 5 lb tin $ 1 25
Its action Is uniform and reliable
Sardines— Lazeran 2OC
reg'Jy 25c can— the oil and fish
selected for this brand are unsurpassed
Chocolate— vigor 55c
reg'ly 65c lb
Known in every country as
the celebrated Kraft chocolate
Lentils— German 3 lbs 25C
reg'ly 12k lb
A wholesome food — serve
with boiled ham
0 1 iVeOi 1— Sublime Lucca 50C
reg'ly 55c bottle
Our bottling— first class quality
BaCOn— Armour Star j fjC
reg'ly 18c lb
Perfection in cure and flavor
String Beans 3 cans 25c
Farren— reg'ly toe can
Tender and good
Oysters— our choice 15c 25c
reg'ly 20c and 30c can
Extra select — eastern pack
Shrimps— buox% 2 cans 25c
reg'ly 15c can
With fresh lettuce it makes
a quick salad
BeeY—Everard quarts $2 IO
reg'ly $2 35 and $1 55 pints 135
Brewed from Canada malt
better than many tonics
for health building
WalnutS— papershell 12JC
reg'ly 20c lb
Grown here — fresh stock
Cocktails— Imperial qqC
reg'ly $1 25 bottle
Six kinds and so good it doesn't
pay to make them at home
Calpolio— reg'ly 25c box 2OC
A gold and silver polish for the
most delicate ware— quick— effective
Olives— green— ripe quart 2OC
'reg'ly 90c gallon , gallon JZQ
Full of rich oil
Duffy's malt whisky/ 715 c
reg'ly here 85c bottle .
This price for carload lots *
Lavender water— violet 40c
reg'ly 50c bottle 7
Double distilled— for the toilet
Tooth paste— Cherry 15c
v reg'ly 20c jar
Made by Maw London
Japanese trays
9 xi 2 inches reg'ly 65c special 45c
9* Xl 4 inches reg'ly 75c special 55c
I2*xi7 inches rej ly 85c special 65c
Made of papier mache
highly decorate
GOLOBXB9. BOWEN * COS SPECIAL SATCXQ SAL.
GOLDBERG. BOVTZS & COS SPECIAL BAVISO BALE
MEMORY FLED WHEN
SHE MISSED HER BOAT
Dr. Parker's Counh Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. •
Cameras from $1 up. We have a com-
plete line of films, sollo paper, velox pa-
per, plates, printing frames, trays and
developers. We also do developing and
printing. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar-
ket street. •
NOTE.
We will continue this week our
SPEGIAL SALE of FINE ALL-
WOOL GOLDEN GATE BLANKETS
at 25 per cent less than present
mill prices.
J. Louis Homer, While Asleep, Crawls. Over a Narrow
Ledge to the Window of the Adjoining Room and
Is Attacked With a Knife by the Occupant.
SOMNAMBULIST MISTAKEN
FOR A DARING BURGLAR
PACIFIC COAST
MERCHANTS ASK
ONLY JUSTICE
Fighting to Stay the Greedy
Hand of St. Louis
Jobbers.
San Francisco Wholesalers Prepared
to Make Out a Strong Case Be
fore Interstate Commis
sion To-Day.
?
The investigation to be continued in this
city to-day by the Interstate Commerce
Commission is one of vital importance to
the commercial interests not only of San
Francisco but of the entire Pacific Coast.
Briefly the whole matter resolves itself
into a fight of the jobbers of the Middle
West to control the trade of the Paciilc
Coast, throttle Its wholesalers and rob
this territory of Its individuality and make
it tributary to St. Louis and other largo
Western commercial centers.
The jobbers of the Pacific Coast will not
submit to the greed of the St. Louis peo
ple without a determined opposition. Dur
ing the session of the commission held in
Los Angeles much testimony was brought
out to show that there was no discrimina
tion in freight rates against the jobbers of
the Middle West. It was also demon
strated that the St. Louis wholesalers had
no thought for the consumer in the pres
ent struggle, but were making the tight
solely for the purpose of increasing their
own profits.
Merchants of San Francisco are pre
pared .to supplement the testimony given
in Los Angeles with equally strong evi
dence of tho injustice that would be done
the coast if any alterations are made in
the existing differentials. • .• -
Four members of the Interstate Com
merce Commission, accompanied by their
clerks and a number of attorneys, rail
road men and business men interested In
the cases now being heard by them, ar
rived from the south' yesterday noon and
registered at the Palace Hotel. Chair
man Martin A. Knapp, who was unable
to attend the meeting at Los Angeles, ar
rived from the East in time to join his
colleagues on their journey northward
and will sit with the commission to-day.
The other members in town are: Ex-Gov
ernor J. W. Flfor of Bloomlngton, 111.;
Judson C. Clements of Georgia and J. D.
Yoemans of Washington. All of the
members except Chairman Knapp are ac
companied by their families. Assistant
Secretary M. S. Decker and J. H. Fish
beck and J. J. Aullffe, official reporters,
are also with the party.
Judge R. S. Lovett of Houston, Tex.: H.
L. Christie of St. Louis and Henry J.
Stevens of Los Angeles, who represent
the Santa Fe, are the legal lights In the
train of the Commissioners. C. A. Parker,
commissioner of the St. Louis Freight
Bureau; J. M. Allen, representing a large
drug house of St. Louis, and W. H. Du
laney of Louisville, Kv., are here to look
after the interests of the Middle West
jobbers and also J. J. Wait of Chicago,
who represents Hibbard. Spencer, Bartlett
& Co. and Franklin. McVeigh & Co.
In an interview Commissioner Yoemans
said the Commissioners hoped to get
through with the taking of testimony
here <in three days' time and that they
would then proceed north to hold brief
sessions at Portland and Seattle.
THE SAN--FBANCISCO; CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 2, 1900.
HELEN C BURLINGHAM, DRIVEN TO DISTRACTION BY. TROUBLE
FAMILY troubles and a series of misfortunes following 1 each other In rapid
succession have had a most peculiar and mystifying effect upon Mrs. Helen
C. Burlingham. who was taken to the Harbor Receiving Hospital yester
day afternoon in a state of complete collapse. She was found by Patrol
man Callahan lying on the floor of the Sausalito ferry waiting room.
The Harbor Hospital physicians surmised that she was suffering from mor
phine poisoning, but no trace of the drug could be found about her. There was
not the slightest odor of liquor or opium on her breath.
When the physicians succeeded in resuscitating her it was found that the
woman had been rendered speechless through whatever cause had led to her col
lapse.
By the use of an electric batten' she was got Into such a condition that she
was able to tell, in an almost Incoherent way, a disconnected story of her mis
fortunes. She said these had followed so closely that she was driven to distrac
tion and hoped that death would end her woes. With that hope her memory
failed. She felt as though death had, really claimed her and she knew no more
until she rejalned consciousness in the Harbor Hospital.
A quarrel with her husband some months ago, the information through an
anonymous letter that hje was suing her for a divorce In Seattle, and the spend
ing of her last cent for a steamer ticket to that place, were a few of her mis
fortunes. Her cup of bitterness overflowed yesterday when she hastened to the
dock of the steamer Queen only to discover that she was too late, and was left
alone in a great city penniless, homeless and without a friend. It was then
that she prayed for death, and as she wandered along the city front and into
the ferry waiting room unconsciousness gave her temporary surcease of her
woes.
According to her story she formerly resided with her husband at 113 Washing
ton street, Los Angeles. They quarreled and parted several months ago. The
first she heard of her husband after the separation was through an anonymous
letter from Seattle, telling her that he was suing her for a divorce. Almost at
the same time, she claims, her husband wrote to her for the purpose of getting
her to sign deeds to property owned by them In common.
She at once began an investigation and asserts that she found that her hus
band had a particular friend in one Mrs. Brickel. Mrs. Burlingham wrote to J.
E. Hawkins, an attorney in the Seattle National Bank building. That gentle
man advised her to file an answer to her husband's complaint, which she did. The
husband at once dropped the suit and. 'according to Attorney Hawkins, trans
ferred all his property to Mrs. Brickel. x
Acting upon the advice of her attorney, Mrs. Burllngham determined to go
to Seattle and fight her husband on his own ground and, as stated, she purchased
a ticket for Puget Sound and was to have sailed yesterday on the steamer Queen.
Her trunk and all her belongings, save a hand' satchel, have gone to Seattle on
the Queen, but It will be some time before she can follow them. Physically Mrs.
Burllngham seems to be all right, but Dr. Morrison considers her a nervous
wreck.
Mrs. Burlingham's suit- to have the husband's transfer of his property to Mrs.
Brickel set aside is to be heatd April 16. If she recovers I sufficiently within the
next few days she can still catch the Walla Walla and be In time .for the call
ing of the case-
THROWN INTO
JAIL WITH HIS
SKULL BROKEN
Frank Jackson, Although
Dying, Is Locked Up for
Being Drunk.
•
Through, the Blundering Methods of
Dr. Cherry He Is Sent From the
Hospital to the City %
Prison.
? ¦¦
Through the blundering methods of As
sistant Police Surgeon Cherry, Frank
Jackson, a laborer, lies dying in the Re
ceiving Hospital. Yesterday Jackson was
struck on the head with a rifle by
Thomas Lavvry, a saloonkeeper at Tenth
and Folsom streets, the force of the blow
fracturing his skull. He was at once re
moved to the Receiving Hospital, wnere
Dr. Cherry, after treating him for a
scalp wound, ordered him locked up in the
City Prison for drunkenness, notwith
standing that Jackson is not a drinking
man. After being placed in a cell Jackson
became unconscious and seemed to be in
a dying condition.
Desk Sergeant Browne had him returned
to the hospital with a request that the
wound in his head be thoroughly exam
ined. This was over live hours after the»
unfortunate man had been injured. Polict
Surgeon Uunnell fortunately happened to
be present and he very readily discovered
that Jackson was suffering from a broken
skull. The necessary operation was hur
riedly performed and the broken parts of
the skull removed. As the proper atten
tion had not been given him in time. It is
extremely doubtful If Jackson leaves thu
hospital alive. Last night he was in a dy
ing condition and the surgeons at the
hospital had little hope for his recovery.
The trouble that led up to the assault
occurred in Lawry's saloon. Jackson vis
ited the place to see a friend, and while
conversing with him Lawry. who had
been drinking heavily, suddenly appeared
in his underclothes. He was armed with
a rifle, and, pointing it at Jackson,
threatened to blow his head off. Jackson
seized the weapon, and in the struggle
that followed Lawry brought It down on
Jackson's head.
As the hapless man fell unconscious to
the floor Mrs. Lawry, who was present,
sun moned Police Officer Beach, to whom
she said that she believed Jackson had
fallen, his head striking against a cus
pidor.
On learning: of the assault Detectives
Ryan and ODea went in search of Jack
son, intending to get a statement of the
occurrence from him. Failing to find
him In the hospital they visited the prison
and found him lying unconscious in a
cell. After he was returned to the hos
pital the detectives went to Lawry's
saloon and placed him under arrest on a
charge of an assault to commit murder.
Subsequently he became so violent from
the effects of the liquor he imbibed that
the prison officials had him removed to
the detention ward of the hospital, where
he was placed in a padded cell to prevent
him from doing any injury to himself.
Formal charges will be filed against
Cherry with the Board of Health to-day.
STEINWAY PIANOS
USED AT ALL
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN. CLAY 6c CO.
PMifioCotst BepreMftt»tiv«».
nil I /^p Located on Market '
r AL ALc street to * c|88 »
m. niinvii proil:alty to btsN
1 V n ne * s »ectlon. places '
Ai\ U of amusement and \
m , «ttv 6 'V ot *'> 1 * 53 rooms. !
ItkAMlb w *"* baths a *-
Ullrtlll/ tached. The largest
and fine?* hotels ia '
lirkfrjl £the rrorld. Amerl- ]
IIUICL3 cc f a^ and Euroc>eaa
lA/. X. HESS,
HOTABY FW^IC AND ATTOHNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Koom 1015. Claus Spreckels Blda
Telephone Brown 93L
Resldencp. &21 California St.. below Powey
San FrancL-eo.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malbi
on Application.
COAL. COKB ANO Pia IRO.H.
J-C WILSON &CO -?° Ea "«7 Street.
j' v v IIiJVH U VU- ¦ Tel«phon» Main !>««
COPPERSMITH.
. JOSEPH FOX. Eupt. H. BLYTH. Mpr
f W Sii£> Plumbing, Steaaiboa
V-W- O.flllll. and Ship Work » Specialty i
and IS Washington «t. Telrphona Main i«4L
FRESH AN3 SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES &CO Shl « !n * Butchers. X
JA3- UUILJO, WU-, clay. TeL Main UK
PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE r^ *££££&>«.
PKINTXXI.
F. C HUGHES. v, Han P ££ T £S, r .
hTATIONE** ANO PRINTER
PARTRIDGE ""*SS««*
WILLIAM E TOLIVER ATTACKING THE SUPPOSED BURGLAR.
<T LOUIS HORNER. clerk In the of-
I flee of Attorneys Foote & Ler
tLJ/ men. Is a somnambulist on a small
Fcale. and it led him into a serious
scrape early yesterday morning. Homer
r*"sides at 810 Bush street, and William E.
Toliver, a clerk in the Coast and Geodetic
£ urvey office, occupies the adjoining room.
The two men were etrangers to each
other.
About 4 o'clock yesterday morning Toli
ver vras awakened from a sound sleep by
th« efforts of some one trying to j
force oj>en the window of his room, j
He was considerably startled, as j
J.:s room 15 oa the second etory,
iind immediately Jumped to the con
clusion that a burglar was at work. He ;
pxoped for something with which" to de- I
f<:r.<i himself and picked up his pocket
knife-, which was on a tab'e near the bed.
He ope-ned the large blade and jumped \
out of bed. The Intruder had by this time
forced the window open and was crawl
ing through. Toliver rushed upon him
and made a slash at him with the knife,
cutting him on the left temple. The man '
threw his left arm up to protect his face I
and Toliver Flashed the arm and the blade j
pwejit down and cut the man's lip. The j
man then yelled out: "For God"s sake.;
don't cut me again; I'm the fellow that
lives in the next room."
The Intruder was Homer attired In his
underclothes, and Toliver dragged him In
side. Not a word was said. Toliver sup
ported Homer to his room, but found the I
door locked, the key being on the inplde.
Just then Homer fainted and Toliver
Pressed himself hurriedly and ran out of
the house In search of a physician. As he
¦was dashing down to Sutler street he was
teeosted by Policeman Mulcahey, who
afked him where he was going.
"I am running for a doctor, as I have
cut a man in my room," replied Toliver.
llulcahey re-turned with him to the j
house, and afte-r seeing Homer rang in i
?or the ambulance. Homer was tak&n to
the Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Cherry
stitched and dressed his wounds. None
is dangerous, but the one on the left arm
is about six inches long.
Mulcahey took Toliver to the City
Prison, but no charge was booked against
him, and he was' allowed to sit on the
bench in front of the desk sergeant. Cap
tain Seymour detailed Detective Cody on
the cafe and he reported the facts as re^
lated. The extraordinary feature of the
affair was how Homer managed to crawl
from his window to Toliver's without fall
ing to the street. In front of both win
dows Is a ledge about two feet broad and
between the two windows, a distance of
four or five feet, is" - a small ledge about
six Inches broad, which Homer had to
pass over before reaching Toliver's win
dow. Homer in speaking of the affair
said:
"I went home between 12 and 1 o'clock
this morning and went immediately to
bed. I always. sleep In my underclothes.
I remembered nothing more till I got cut
on my left arm and yelled out that I lived
in the next room. I suppose I must have
got up in my sleep. I have done it pre
viously, but never got outside my room.
I don't blame the man who cut me, as I
would have done the same thing under the
same circumstances."
Toliver said he could think of nothing
els© except that the man was a burglar,
and he had to defend himself.
"I was so excited," he said, "that It was
lurky for Hornor he cried out when I cut
him the second time, as I would have
continued to cut him and might have mur
dered him. I am sorry for it, but I am
not to blame."
Captain Seymour reported the facts to
Chief Sullivan and the Chief instructed
him to take Toliver before Judge Conlan,
who was holding court for the disposal of
the "drunks." Toliver related his story
to the Judge, who decided that no chargo
could be placed against him under tho
circumstances, and allowed him to go
after exacting a promise that he would be
in court at noon to-day, for fear Homer's
wounds might take a serious turn.
In the afternoon Toliver called at the
Receiving Hospital to see Homer. It was
the first time they had met and they
looked at each other curiously for a mo
ment, then Homer held out his hand,
which was instantly grasped by Toliver.
Homer relieved Toliver's mind by saying
he did not blame him, and they chatted
together for some time. In the afternoon
Homer was taken from the hospital by
M. S. Hamilton, his cousin, to his home
in Oakland. Homer was to have appeared
before the Civil Service Commissioners to
day for examination.
MANY TEACHERS
FAILED TO PAY
AN ASSESSMENT
The Others Bore Expense of
Litigation With Mer
chant Creditors.
Delinquents. However, Received Their
Pro Rata in the Settlement of
All Claims for the Un
paid Salaries.
?
The fact that at least 400 teachers failed
to pay an assessment wherewith to bear
the expenses of litigation in the lawsuits
instituted by the pedagogues and mer
chant creditors of the School Department
lias caused considerable criticism and
¦unfavorable comment on the part of the
*>ther 75<J teachers who were thereby com
pelled to bear the burden of the expenses.
What makes this failure all the more
repiehtnsible in the eyes of the latter is
that the 4jO who ne-g'.ected for various
reasons to produce their little pro rata of
the expense of litigation reaped the bene
fits of the final settlement whereby the.
employes of the department received 63
per cent of their unpaid salaries for No
vember. IS3S. besides an additional $7000,
voluntarily surrendered to them by the
merchant creditors from a fund of
J'-COoO which was di-potited in escrow with
the Union Trust Company.
Those who paid the assessments, how
ever, have be'»-n reimbursed out of this
$7000, and are- therefore entitled to all the
jjrlory of the favorable settlement without
hufforlng the less of a single cent. The
other 40>j are now berating themselves for
not having contributed to the fund as
they had faithfully promised to do when
the ciflicuities between the teachers and
creditors lirst manifested themselves, as
their assessment would likewise have been
returned to them.
"U*hen the teachers set about protecting
themselves in the matter of their unpaid
Falarics for November and December. IS9B.
they appointed the following- committee
to look after their interests: Charles H.
Murphy. Mi«s E. E. Stlncen. Mrs. L. K.
Burke, "W. D. Klngs\jnry and Louis de F.
33art!ett. It was agreed that whatever this
committee decided upon would be ratified.
even to the levying of an assessment.
Lawyers were engaged to defend the
claims of the teachers against those of
the merchants, and this, of course, re
quired money. In order to meet the ex
pense an assessment of 1 per cent was
duly levied on the salaries for April, 1899.
It was then that nearly 400 teachers failed
to come up with the assessment. No rea
sons were ever assigned, but it was whis
pered that many of those delinquent had
received favors from the Ragan-Waller
board, through whose extravagance the
funds for teachers' salaries for Novem
ber and December, ISOS, were not forth
coming. On account of friendships to
members of that board it is said that they
opnosed litigation at any cost.
When the committee was confronted
with the dilemma of not having sufficient
funds, it reported the matter to those
who had subscribed, and they cheerfully
made up the difference. Another assess
ment of 1 per cent was levied in July, and
again there were many delinquents. Some
who had paid the first assessment refused
to pay the second, while the delinquents
on the first failed to experience a change
of heart. Again was the deficiency made
up, and when the last assessment was
levied in October similar conditions pre
vailed. The result was that about . 750
teachers were compelled to produce about
J2600. which was all used to protect the
salaries of teachers and janitors for over
a year and a half. This money, however,
was returned to the subscribers out or
the $7000 surrendered to the teachers by
the merchants, the remaining $5000 being
divided pro rata among all the employes
In the department In the came manner as
other moneys received from collateral in
heritance taxes had been distributed.
This explains why dark looks are di
rected to the delinquents who would not
stand part of the burden when the case
looked black for the teachers. The assess
ment would not have exceeded more than
$2 for each teacher, but this, according to
their brethren who paid up like little men
and women, makes it all the more repre
hensible.
Another difficulty which the committee
had to contend with was that In the set
tlement with the Union Trust Company,
which paid over the $7000 from moneys
! held in trust, thirty-seven would not sign
| the agreement. Of these eight are jan-
I ltors and twenty-nine teachers. This ne
cessitated the giving of a bond of $2500
by the committee, which entailed an ad-
I ditional expense. No other reason is as-
I signed for this refusal to sign except
that it was thought that It would be a
surrender of their rights to the merchants
and in the nature of a bribe to the latter,
who had presented the teachers with a
bonus of $7000 over and above their de
mands.
The final report of the committee will
be read this afternoon at 4 o'clock . In
Judge Garbcr's office, when a full flnan
cal statement will be read, and the busi
ness for which the committee was ap
pointed will be concluded.
Special Corset Sale.
A lot of odd corsets— broken lines— ln-
cludes blacks, drabs and white, all sizes,
ranging from 75 cents to U 60 In value,
will be sold from 25 cents to $X 50. Chester
•F. "Wright, 10 Geary st., corner Kearny •
QUARREL OVER
A PICNIC ENDS
IN A SUICIDE
Mrs. Kate Linegar Swallowed
Poison in Her Husband's
Presence.
They Engaged in a Dispute About"
Their Daughter Going to a
Picnic and That
Was All.
Mrs. Kate Llnegar, wife of James P.
Linegar, painter. 11SS Harrison street,
committed suicide yesterday afternoon by
swallowing a dose of carbolic acid. She
was taken to the Receiving Hospital In
the ambulance but died in about an hour
after reaching thero and her body was
removed to the Morgue.
The picnic season opened yesterday and
Mrs. Liinegar and her husband had a
quarrel abuut their daughter going to a
picnic. The father had objected to the
girl Koinis, but the mother allowed her
to go. Mrs. Linegar had the bottle of
acid In the house, and during the quarrel
she took it and went outside. Her hu«
band looked out of the window and saw
her take the cork out of the bottle, and
looking toward him said, "Here goes,;
Jim," and swallowed the contents.
She fell shrieking to the ground and
Linegar rushed outside and carried her
into the house. He was so excited that
valuable ime was lost in notifying the hos
pital. Dr. Cherry did all he could for tho
unfortunate woman, but the deadly poison
had got too much headway. Her hus
band and second son were with her when
she died. . j
She .was 44 years of age and had five
grown children. The eldest son came to
the hospital after she died and his grief
was pathetic. He defied the Morgue of
ficials to take his mother's body away and
it was some minutes before they could
quiet him down. The girl did not know
of her mother's death till she returned
friii* the licnic.
Linegar said that his wife had threat
ened several times to commit suicide, but
he never thought she would carry her
threats into execution.
10