The impossibility of effecting complete protection for the moment to all; farmers' in the south and
southeast sections of the Free State is recognized at Bloemfontein. Men who surrendered under the proc
lamation of Lord Roberts arc now being punished for the reliance they placed in the ability of the Brit
ish to protect them. As the correspondent further remarked, "this is a hard fate, and every possible
effort will be made to help them, but consideration of the sufferings of repentant belligerents at the hands
of their fellow countrymen cannot be suffered to prejudice the military plans of Lord Roberts"
British Cavalry Picket Surprised and Stampeded by Boer
(From the Sphere.)
CAKL KfciCriMAN, the Daring
Boer Commandant.
7\ JEW YORK, April. 5. — A World special from Washington' says: 'Admiral George Drwey is
J_ V willing to be a candidate for President. He authorizes the World Jo announce to the American
people that after mature reflection and in. response to the earnest entreaties from all parts of the
country, his former decision not under any circumstances to run for the Presidency, is ' rescinded. A
World correspondent saw the admiral at his home at 6 o'clock this evening^ Admiral Dczvey dictated
the anszvers to the questions and signed the notes.
"Admiral, in viciv of the many conflicting reports relative to your attitude toward a nomination
for the Presidency, will you make a'statcment to the World?"
"Yes, I realize that the time has arrived when I must definitely define my position. When I ar
rived in this country last September I said that nothing woidd induce me to be a candidate for the Presi
dency. Since then, however, I have had the. leisure and inclination to study the matter and have
reached a different conclusion, inasmuch as so many assurances have come to me from my countrymen
that I would be acceptable as a candidate for this great office.
"If the American people want me for this high office I shall be only too willing to serve them. It
is the highest honor in the gift of this nation; what citizen would refuse it?
¦ .' "Since studying the subject I am convinced that the office of the President is not such a very diffi
cult one to fill, his duties being mainly to execute the laws of Congress. Should Ibe chosen for this ex
alted position I zvould execute the laws of Congress as faithfully as I have always executed the orders
of my superiors."
"Is there any political significance in your trips West?"
"No; lam simply filling the engagements made months ago — long before I ever thought se
riously of the Presidency" , *
"On zvhat platform will you stand?"
Britons and Boers Expected to Soon Meet in
an Important-Encounter. .
WASHINGTON. April 3.— This was
a notable day in the Senate.' It
brought to a close the sharpest
and most prolonged debate upon
any measure since those dis
cussed during the memorable "war con
gress" two years ago. At 4 o'clock this
afternoon the votes were, begun upon the
Porto Rican tariff and civil government
bill . and pending amendments . and less
than an hour later the measure about
which there has been so much contention
in and out of Congress was passed by a
majority of nine, the final vote being 40 to
31. Only committee amendments were
adopted.
It has been evident for some time that
.the bill would command a maJ6rity In the
Senate, but notwithstanding the fact the
•interest in the measure, both of Senators
and the public, has not flagged "an Instant.
To-day the galleries were crowded and
hundreds of persons, filled the corridors,
unable to obtain even standing room in
the galleries. From 11 o'clock, when the
Seriate. convened, until the hour when the
voting began,' advocates and opponents oZ
the bill brilliantly and eloquently main
tained their convictions and the , auditors
were kept in a state of constant excite-
Ayes — Adison, Baker, Bard, Carter, Chandler, Clark of Wyoming, Cullom, Deboe, Depew,
Fairbanks, Foraker, Foster, Frye, Gallingcr, Gear/Hanna, Hansb rough, Hawley, Jones of Ne
vada, Kcan, Kyle, Lodge, Mcßridc, McComas, McMillan, Pcnrose, Perkins, Platt of Connecticut,
Platt of Nczv York, Pritchard, Quarlcs, Ross, Scott,. Sezvell, Shoup, Spooner, Stewart, Thurstony
Noes — Allen, Bacon, Bate, Berry, Clark of Montana, Clay, Cockrcll,-Culbcrson, Daniel,
Davis (Republican), Harris, Hcitfcld, Jones of Arkansas, Kenny, Lindsay, McLaurin, Martin,
Mason (Republican) , Money, Morgan, Nelson- (Republican) , Pcttus, Proctor (Republican), Simon
(Republican), Sullivan; T alia f err o, Teller, Tillman, Turley, Vest, Wellington (Republican)— 31.
ment. The particularly notable, speeches
of the" day were delivered by Mason of
Illinois in opposition to the measure, and
by Foraker of Ohio, who replied to a brief
speech by Wellington of Maryland. It was
the Ohio Senator's desire to clear up any
misunderstanding or misinformation con
cerning the bill.
Mason's speech was argumentative, elo
quent and amusing by turns, and, as it
covered the entire range of the country's
duties and responsibilities to what the
illustrious Senator sarcastically termed
"our in-su-lar possessions," it was very
interesting to his hearers.
Just before the Senate adjourned a sen
sational episode occurred in which Wol
cott of Colorado accused Lodge of Mas
sachusetts of having uttered that which
was "unqualifiedly false." The difficulty
arose over an effort made by Lodge to
have the Spooner bill made the unfinished
business. This involved the displacement
of the Quay case and the friends of • the
former Senator from Pennsylvania made
things exceedingly lively for a half hour.
Meson Assails Imperialism.
Mason's speech was not confined to the
Porto Rican measure, but included. in its
scope all the problems attendant upon the
control and government of our insular
possessions. He spoke in favor of the res
olution of Wellington, which offers inde
pendence to the Filipinos, and against the*
bill proposed by Spooner of Wisconsin,
Adverting at this point to Porto Rico,
he maintained that when the treaty of
Paris was ratified the Island became &
part of the United States, and Congress
had no more right to put a duty on her
products than it had to put a tariff on
products passing between New York and*
Washington, j ¦•*'.-
Unless you can get the Supreme Conrt to
stultify and reverse Itself there U but one war
to levy a tariff upon the people of the United
States to prevent their trading with the r*»st
of the United States. You must amend the
constitution to do tt. You must strike out
that clause of the constitution which saya all
duties must be uniform. I beg you to count the
cost of such an amendment.
We cannot say to Europe, that Is wholly for
eign and alien. "You may deliver the product of
your labor" here upon the payment of 100 per
cent of the present duty." and say to the
Porto Rlcans. "You are S5 per cent American
and 13 per cent alien, and you must pay your
pro rarta share of the Impost."
There Is no such thing as S3 per oent an
nexation. The people of Porto Rico are either
our ceople 100 per cent or they are 100 per cent
not our people.
Mason said the people of Porto Rico
had been promised by General Miles that
they should enjoy all the Immunities and
blessings of our free government. These
promises, he held, the people would de
mand should be kept. Speaking of the
"I think I have said enough at this time, and possibly too much."
conferring authority upon the President
to govern the Philippines until Congress
should otherwise direct. Incidentally he
opposed the tariff proposed to be placed
upon Porto Rican products.
He was opposed to holding the Philip
pines, "because urkler the law of nations
we have not the title and never can have
complete title except by conquest of the
inhabitants." He continued:
I do not wish the 9.000.000 Filipinos for citi
zens. I do not wish them for slaves. If we
govern them they must either be citizen* or
serfs. "Whether they labor as our citizens or
our equals before the law, or whether they la
bor as our political slaves.- their labor competes
with the labor of our country, and I am op-
p osed to that. I am for. expansion. I voted for
the annexation of Hawaii, but should never
have sent 65,000 men to compel them to accept
our flag. - In other words. I am against taking
any territory by conquest against a friendly
people, and I am against taking any territory
that brings a cheap class of labor In free and
open competition with the class, of men and
: women who do the labor in this country.
Mason resented as cowardly and unjust
any refls-ction upon his patriotism and
love for the flag because of his opinions
regarding the Philippines. He declared
that if it were treason to oppose a war
of conquest, to . lift unjust taxation, to
confer -upon the struggling people the
blessings of liberty, to protect the labor
ing men and women of this country, then
he was. guilty. ? - , • ;,; -
Advocates of the Tariff Victorious by a Vote
PORTO RICAN MEASURE PASSED
Continued on Second Page.
of Forty to Thirty-One,
ZOX DON, 'April 4, 6:40 a.jn.—Xo news has yet been received, of the expected': battle between
General French. and. the Boers. There is now but a remote prospect of the capture of .the guns.
This. Jwzvcvcr, is regarded as quite trifling compared with the political effects of the disaster. As
the Bloemfontein correspondent of the Times remarks, Commandant Olivier 's strategy in rcoccupving
Ladybrand and Thaba Nchu was bold dnd even brilliant. Most of • his force is composed of Free
Staters, and the advantage gained by them will have a most disturbing effect on the mind of the. Free
State population. ' 7. -. (: V'v'r.
LONDON. April 4.— A1l signs that
come from the seat of war indicate
that a great battle Is impending to
the east of Bloemfontein, probably
close to the point where the detach
ment cf Broadwood's column was am
bushed Saturday with such serious loss.
Frcin Maseru come reports that the Boers
are advancing. Firing was heard yester
day near Thaba Nchu.
While no severe engagement has appa
rently taken place yet. General Colville
has kept constantly in touch with the foe.
Evidently the Boers still hold the Bloem
fontein water works or some portion of
them and have not been dislodged by the
superior British force.
The Daily Mail's Bloemfontein corre
spondent cables that 1&00 Boers were at
the time Ftill on the hills near the water
works, and that General Colvllle was
shelling them from Bushmans Kop. while
General French was maneuvering to cut
off their retreat.
¦ It Is evident that the Boers are ap
proaching Bloemfontein from the north,
notwithstanding the recent dispersal of
the force etationed at Karee Siding and
the retirement from Brandfort. Probably
there are Boer commandos at Buttfonteln
to the northwest and at Paardcberg to the
west.
New evidence is given daily that the
great strength of the Boers lies In their
ability to recover their spirit quickly. Be
ing an army of Irregulars, they are not
so sensitive to defeat as disciplined
troops.
No further light i* thrown by late dis
patches on the Korn Spruit disaster. It
now appear* that only a battery and some
v.apcr.s wfro raught in the drift by the
amliUfoad'.r.K IJoers. A battery which was
behind calloped off twelve hundred yards
and opened Jiro. A Boer blast finally
drov» this battery into retreat, leaving
two of its guns behind owing to the
daughter of ir.en and horses.
In the meantime a sergeant major of U
Battery, after icpcated attempts, rescued
one tun out cf six. Up to the present time
Roberts' Troops Unable to Recapture the Guns Lost by
Broadwood Saturday, and Transvaalers Are
Rapidly Advancing in Force.
"If the American People Want Me for This High Office," He
Says, "I Shall Be Only Too Willing .;
to Serve Them."
Admiral Makes a Formal Announcement of
His Candidacy.
GREAT BATTLE IMPENDING
EAST OF BLOEMFONTEIN
DEWEY IN THE RACE
FOR THE PRESIDENCY
Cronje on
the way to
St. Helena
CAPE TOWN, April
3— Geoeral Cronje,
Colonel Styel aQd
1000 Boer prisooers
sailed for St. Helena
to-nigr;t.
not one of these seven guns has been re
captured.
There is no confirmation of the rumor
that a Ladysmith)commandp has been cut
to pieces by French's cavalry. .
According to the latest telegrams, the
Boers and the British were still watching
each other Monday morning near Korn
Spruit, fighting having ceased *at noon on
Sunday. The Boers continue to hold the
water works, and French is holding tho
drift of Waterval Spruit, which is one of
the three or four streams forming the
sources of the Modder.
The British cavalry commander is re
ported to be only waiting for his prepara
tions to be completed to make a move
against the enemy. The temporary loss
of the water works is not felt by the
troops or citizens of Blocmfontein, for re
serve reservoirs close to town hold a BUf
flciency of water.
The swiftness with which the situation
in the Orange Free State has changed is
a remarkable illustration of the mobility
of the Boers. It is only ten days since
Commandants Grobler and Olivier were
hurriedly retiring along the border of Ba
sutoland, pursued by the British from
Cape Colony, while French's cavalry were
supposed to be ready to cut off their re
treat. :"vr-'
From Winburg, or perhaps from Kroon
stad, comes a large force of Boers to their
comrades' aid. Grobler retraces his steps
from Smaldel, Olivier takes possession of
Ladybrand and a united' army 10,000 or
12,000 strong is gathered together in a
wonderfully short time. Totally unob
served by the British scouts, this force
hurls Itself upon Thaba Nchu, and after
ward on Sannah Post and the water
works. Thus the whole military status
has been reversed.
General Carrington's men, who are go
ing by the Belra route to Salisbury, in
Rhodesia, will probably march to Bulu
wayo, where the railway will be at their
command. The advent of this force ot
good size will make the Transvaalers fear
a raid on their capital from the north.
If Colonel Baden-Powell has been warn
ed that he must hold out until May 24, it
may be General Carrington, and not
Kitchener, Methuen or Plumer, who will
lead the relief column to Mafeklng. The
garrison reported all well up to March 20.
MANY FOREIGNERS
FOUGHT WITH BOERS
BUSHMANS KOP. April 2.— Hearing
that the water works were deserted the
correspondent ,ol t ho ' Router's Telegram*
Agency rode. forward to-day. Arriving at
the crest of a hill a volley was fired at
him and a moment later a man appeared
at the top of the crest. Calling on him to
stop firing and saying lie was ' unarmed
and desired to talk with him. the corre
spondent discovered that this man was an
American, who declared that he accom
panied the Boers only as a sightseer. He
said that never during his whole life had
he witnessed such magnificent . pluck as
that shown by the British on Saturday,
and he asserted that not only himself but
the, whole Boer army was profoundly
touched with admiration at their gallant
behavior. It appears that the Boers never
doubted their ability to capture the whole
British force and were dumfounded at
the courage displayed and the masterly
way in which the force was able to escape
from the death trap. The correspondent's
informant refused to give any information
regarding the Boer forces or their move
ments, but it appeared that the present
force was detached from Kroonstad,
joined the Ladybrand force and again di
vided north of Thaba Nchu, one portion
following the other and meeting Colonel
Broadwood's retreating force. The burgh
ers engaged consisted of Schoemann's
command, which . was accompanied by
many foreigners. Commandant John Y.
Blake was present with the Irish brigadt
and other foreigners.
The fight was marked by many acts of
individual courage. The first man to
warn the British of the ambush was a ser
geant of the army service corps, who shot
a Boer dead with his revolver. A House
hold Cavalryman, who was summoned to
surrender, threw his rifle In his captor's
face, knocking him over and escaping.
The Boers undoubtedly shot some of
the prisoners and j also killed some of
their own men who advanced to demand
the British to surrender, and later—ac
cording to the testimony of eye-witnesses,
the Boers shot some of the prisoners, but
the confusion was so great— the flre pro
ceeding from all directions and the Boers
firing on the convoy in which their own
PRICE FITE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 135.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
Continued on Second Pass.
FINAL VOTE ON THE PORTO RICAN BILL.FOR 0. S. HAYY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "MontlceUo."
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat at 8«
a. m.;J:IS. 8:30 p. m. <ex. Thurs. nlstht)- Fri
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10-30%. mi
On SATURDAY. April 7, you can
get a FREE SAMPLE BOTTLE of
ELECTROZONEat 233 KEARNYST.
Electrozone is a positive cure for
Rheumatism, Stomach Trouble,
Kidney and Bladder Ailment, Ca-
tarrh and all Blood Disease. Ask
your druggist for
commerce between the United States and
Porto RicQ.
Culberson took strong grouud against
relegating th«» control of the affairs of
Porto Rico to Congress, uncontrolled by
constitutional provisions. Congress was
apt to be partisan, and. such being the
fact, profligacy and oppression were to be
expected. As for himself, he prayed God
that the time would never, come when
Congress or any other power should have
unlimited control over the humblest Indi
vidual in the country.
The order for fifteen minute speeches or
less then went Into effect. Clay of Geor
gia addressed himself largely to showing
what he designated the- inconsistencies of
the supporters of the pending bill. The
original measure, he said, was diametri
cally opposed in its provisions to the
pending bill, providing, as it did, for a
territorial form of government. It was
also in keeping with the President's mes
sage. He recognized no message from the
President that was riot official and there
fore still regarded the President as favor
able to free trade with Porto Rico, re
gardless of the assurances of Senators
and the Speaker of the House. Clay said
his objection to the bill was based on the
fact that it violated fundamental prin
ciples and sacred pledges and was the first
step leading to untold wrong.
Ross of Vermont laid stress upon the
importance of proceeding with care in
this crisis. He thought the constitution
had not extended to Porto Rico upon the
signing of the. peace treaty and argued
that it would be unwise to extend it by
legislation. He said he thought free trade
should be established as soon as possible
between the United States and Porto Rico.
He would, however, subordinate some of
his opinions and vote for the measure.
Senator Teller's Protest.
Teller entered his protest against the
pending bill. H* would vote against it,
not because it levied a duty on Porto
Rican products — he did not object to thai
provision: but he did believe the United
States ought to treat the people of Porto
Rico as !t was proposed to treat those of
Cuba.
He believed Congress had ample power
to ]egi^lat« for the people of Porto Rico
under the treaty of Paris. He said a
great deal had been said about what we
owed the Pftrto Ricans.
•'We owe them nothing," he declared.
"Thic Congress may fix the status of Ihe
inhabitants of the island and its control
over them in that respect is absolute. I
am not opposed to a tariff on Porto Rican
.products. If we had a colony we should
give its people either a tariff or free
trade."
Bacon r»f Georgia adverted to what he
termed the "evolution, of the pending
bill." showing it had developed from a
frf-e trade to a tariff measure. The pro
vision relating to the citizenship of the
people had likewise been changed. When
this bill snould ra^s it would be the first
law declaring that people for whom Con
gres? Dud legislated were not citizens of
Jh" T'nitfd States. It was indeed a his
toric occasion. .¦ i-.i
"Wellington of Maryland opposed the
pending measure, but said he had stood
leady to support the bill first presented
to the Senate upon the subject. That bill
had been regarded as Just and constitu
tional. "But." he said, "the legislative
monstrosity now before us transgresses
every principle of national honor, patriot
ism, good faith and justice. I am com
pelled, therefore, to part from my col
leagues of the Republican majority and
vote against this bill."
Foraker said the speech of Wellington
made It appropriate for him to say, at
th*> close of- the debate, so far as the
pending bill was concerned there had been
nothing unusual or different from.legisla
tion generally.
Proctor of Vermont inquired why the
President, the Secretary of War and Gen
eral Davis, the Governor" of Porto Rico,
had not «een and noted the necessity for
a tariff on Porto Rican products.
- Forsker— I do not know why it did not occur
to them; perhaps it did. What I do know is
Ahat the subject was thorouKhly and impartially
invf-stigatrii and the necessity for the legisla
tion proposed now established beyond quibble
by our '¦ommittep.
Tlllman- Did that necessity change the polit
ical status of the people of Porto Rioo from cit
izens cf the United States to citizens of Porto
Rico?
Foraker— No; that was not the reason. The
rr-ason for that change was the opposition cf
Democratic Senators. They maintained that
the conferring- of citizenship of the United
States upon the people of the island was a prac
tical extension of the constitution over the peo
ple of the island. That is the reason we made
the change.
Bebuke to General Miles.
It was not for General Miles to speak for thp
Government ac to political policy; that was for
Conpre*g. His duty was to carry the flag- there
as h<« gallantly did. The Secretary of War had
made no ptedsre. As for the President, It was
his enemies who were asßumtne to represent
him. He had recommended that we gfve the
Porto Rlcans free trade. That is just what
this bill does. True, for a time a duty Is im
posed—for lew than twenty-three months— to
meet an emergency. There would be absolute
free trade sooner If the Porto Rlcans should
ark it tn the proper way. Furthermore, abso
lute and present free trade was vouchsafed by
the bill on practically nearly all essential ar
ticles. In view of this fact there was ho viola
tion of pledjre* or contradiction of the Presi
dent's recommendations. Th« President had
not called for free trade on "the day that his
TOH-saK* was issued, but had recommended it as
a line of policy.
Galllnger supported th© bill, saying
there was no proposition to treat the peo
ple of Porto Rico any worse than the resi
dent* of the District of Columbia; all of
whom were governed without their con
sent. > . -¦- :;_. r 1 -
Stewart thought legislation on this sub-
Jpct should have been postponed for a
year or two to permit of opportunity to
istudy the questions Involved, He ez-
men were mixed, up— ;that it Is impossible
to say exactly what happened.
Explosive bullets have been found In
the bandoliers of some of the Boers who
were captured.
The enemy pursued the British for
miles, killing, wounding and taking pris
oners. One squadron of the Sixth Dra
goons, which entered the action 140
strong, mustered at the end only . ten
mounted men.
The Boers seem to he in great
strength throughout th« district and are
signaling on all sides. A large body is
reported moving southwest of Bloemfon
tein in the direction of the railway.
Duplicate machinery is available to re
place that which the Boers destroyed at
the water works.
The British troops are in urgent need
of remounts.
ROBERTS PAVES WAY
FOR WORSE TIDINGS
LONDON', April 3.— The War Office has
posted a dispatch , from Lord Roberts
reading as follows: v! f, jf , \i\\ '
\ "BLOEMFONTEIN, April 2, 10:30^ r>. m.
—In continuation of ; : n»j'H telegra'rrf ;of
March 31; there has been considerable 1 de
lay in getting accurate returns of the cas
ualties, as the action took place- twenty
two miles hence, the telegraph cable has
been interrupted several times, cloudy
weather has interfered with signaling and
although there has been no engagement
since, the force is continually in touch
with the enemy.
"There were many acts of conspicuous
gallantry displayed during the day. 'Q'
remained In action under a cross-fire at
1200 yards for some hours, the officers
serving the guns as the casualties reduced
the detachments. Several gallant attempts
were made to bring in two j guns, the
teams of which had been killed, but at
each attempt the horses were shot.
"The Essex, Munster, Shropshire and
Northumberland mounted infantry and
Roberts' Horse covered the retirement of
the guns from that position to the cross-
Ing of the drift found by the cavalry two
miles farther south and withstood the de
termined attacks of the enemy, who in
some cases advanced to within 10ft yards.
'Q' battery of the Royal Horse Artillery
was suddenly surrounded in the drift and
the officers and men were all made pris
oners without a shot being fired. But
Major Taylor and a sergeant major suc
ceeded In escaping In the confusion* Five
ELECTROZONE!
SAD CONDITION OF PRISONERS.
SIMONSTOWN, April 3— The condition
of the Boer prisoners Is deplorable. The
medical authorities seem unable to cope
with the spread of typhoid fever. There
were four additional deaths last night
and the sick are panic-stricken. The dead
are buried with as much respect as the
exigencies of the place admit, but the gun
carriage is no longer used, as a wagon
has been requisitioned to convey a num
ber of coffins at a single trip.
BANK CARELESSNESS.
LOXDON, April 4.— The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Times, telegraphing
Monday, says: "Apparently there was
not a man ahead of the convoy \ with
orders to look out, but the escort trotted
quickly behind and only discovered that
something was wrong after half th* con
voy had been cajjtured."
OCEAN TBAVEI*
OCEAN TBAVEI*
MV U> vw mtm mm *mM «*w^aP r •¦ mm mm mm
Is complete renovation of every part of your system
by taking, Hood's Sarsaparilla. This isthe one and
only Spring Medicine which sweeps away winter's
debris just as spring showers cleanse, and purify the
earth; makes the corrupt blood fresh, bright and"
lively, radically and constitutionally cures catarrh,
invigorates the kidneys and liver, creates a good
appetite, braces up the stomach, and in short gives
new brain, nerve, mental and digestive strength.
—>t . v ,'-,. -' ¦ ; .--•<¦
Possesses ' the peculiar qualities — peculiar' to itself — which ac-
complish these good thing* for all who take it. An unlimited
list of wonderful cures proves Its merit. Get a bottle TODAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PORTO RICAN MEASURE
PASSED BY THE SENATE
Continued from First Page.
fever of war. which, he declared, was on
the administration. Mason ?aid:
But as He approach the hour whfn we mutt
• rain Hr-p^al to the judgment of Trt.OOO.ftQC ppo
f i<? and the fires under the jiatrr>naß<- are burn
ing: ion and the dancer «f disappearing po?t
rtfWs arrears to us like a. hideout" night. th 9
tour Of '¦¦ 'nvalpFcence approaches and we shout
f> t!.«> laboring r*»ople of the country": "No.
no. it's a mistake. We h»v» *ax-rifieed the
money and lHes <»f th«* peorlo; we have ahan-
Cor.cd the faith of th*> fathers for land, but
«ye will abandon it ail rather than forsake the
po!iti< al t.Mrtifan dixtrine; and we »re fiayinK
m t»"th siiiey of this chamber— tho^e who have
believed In the permanent eovernment of the
Philippine Islandc— that if our permanent sov
tf>!*TrsTy th< r" means the takine into this ooun
:ry in cnmjxtitlon vvith our labor products of
•he peopl* there we will abandon this kind of
txj>ansicn."
Discussins the power? of CongTess un
|er the constitution as Interpreted in the
.Icht of the provisions of the pending bill,
Mason said:
The onnsuiution fays you '•¦nnot make B title
of nohillty. but »c apply that only to the
Ftates. you unriVrstacd. The didtlngTitshert
Fenator frnm .%>» York (Oepew) can be made
the I.uke of Ponrf and not violate the consti
tution: ihp difctinpuiFheii Senator from Indiana
«BeYer;<l£e>. the Prince of I'orto Rico, and the
diFtincuiFli^'i lawyer «h« has sought to Ac
f»n<l this !•:'.' upon an unconstitutional prounrt
(Spoonf-r) ran at least demand the title of
the Lord <"hief HiCfa I>uke of the Checker
board maewiKf* in the Philippines, that he
r.iay sit in judgment nn the law* and upon
the peoptej 'laughter. > I>oes the constitution
*ay you oannot make a title of nobility? Yps.
I»oes it go into the outeMe territory? No.
Then you can raak* titles of nobility there.
Cod help the man in November who plays that
S ame. . •
Culberscn in Opposition.
At the conclusion of Mason's speech.
Pulberson of Texas addressed the Senate
In opposition to the pending bill. It was
his first speech in the Senate, and he was
riven attentive hearing, particularly by
his colleague-?. He declared that the pend
ing measure, so far at least as the tariff
provisions were concerned, was "indefens
ible nn moral, economic and constitutional
Culberson said it had been maintained
hy the Senator fr<<m Ohio (Foraker) that
the dogma that tli*> constitution extended
rf its nxni fVirce over Acquired territory
originated with Calboun "in the interest
rf slavery." Thi?. he contended, was not
the fact.- Said he: - ;-..i ;v : v
It wss a grf-at mistake of history, ami it
tr.ust t\ni go unfhalknt'fd here.. The consUta
ti»n U«elf \f- tli*- true cripin.if the iJoctrlne.
Jt was annoum ed f.t>t in 18I1S by Thonta)> .W
lerson. not in the interert' of human slavery,
tint in the interpsl of religious freedom.
Oullw>rson qu<M*>«l authorities
In support f>f his contention. He eon-
Lextdctd thai ther** had been a great change
In the Republican party In recent years.
That party WM now dfdicatr-d to commer
cial KToo<i and th«> attempt. un<l«*r For
eker's leadr-rphfp. «FM to carry the pnwrr
of the United unaccompanied by
th* ci,ui«"!Hutinn to a people struggling to
tiA frf»»>. Up appreciate! that this was a
prave rharge. l.ut rnnintaino-d that it was*
well ff»un«le«i and that the course proposed
was a tarnish upon ihe fair fame of this
courtfryi H*> contended that whatever
might be paid of the constitution as a
vnnlp. there could be no d^ubt since Pr«rto
Rico had been annexed of the application
<f its provisions relating to duties,
excise? and imposts, and these plainly pro
hibiled the Imposition of any duty on the
GREAT BATTLE IMPENDING
EAST OF BLOEMFONTEIN
Continued From First Page.
guns were captured at the same time.
Further details to-morrow."
Lord Roberts' dispatch seems to finally
dispose of the early report. of the recov
ery of the guns, and the fact that the
Boers remain in occupation of the water
works is taken as an indication that they
Intend to make a stand sufficiently long
to cover the witndrawal of the guns and
wagons to a place of safety, although the
absence of definite information regarding
the movements of General French's cav
alry makes it difficult to estimate their
chances of adding this crowning success
to the blow already irinicted.
.¦¦ i .
THIS REICHMAN NOT
THE MILITARY ATTACHE
Adjutant General Corbin may spare
himself any further trouble in the matter
of court-martialing Carl Reich
man, United States military attache witn.
the Bo«r army, for so far forgetting the
dignity and purpose of his mission, as to
take active. part as a leader of the Boers
in the recent battle *at Bushmans Kop
He is not the man to whom it is reported
the British owe their defeat on that oc
casion. There are two Reichmans with
the Boer army who have held commis
sions in the United States army. The
one, Captain Carl Reichman, still holds
his commission and was sent to the
Transvaal in January last to observe the
operations of the Boer forces, and except
for the fact that his name is the same
as that of the alleged Boer leader in the;
recent battle there is no reason to believe
that he has forgotten the neutral- char
acter of his mission and done anything
to compromise himself with his own Gov
ernment or that Government with Great
Britain.
The other Captain Reichman— the Boer
Relchman— did once hold a commiasion as
lieutenant in the United States army, but
resigned some years ago while stationed
at Phoenix, Ariz., and sought a more ex
citing field for his energies and talents in
South Africa. He was in Johannesburg
at the time of the Jameson raid and took
service with the Transvaal Government
in the operations which led to the cap
ture of the raiders. He kept up his con
nection with the Transvaal military or
ganization and when the present war
broke out was appointed to an important
command in the Boer forces "operating
along and south of the Orange River. He
was with General Schoeman at Stormberg
on December 10 and took such a leading
part in the .capture of the Irish Fusiliers
and the Gloucesters on that occasion as
to win special commendation from Presi
dent Kruger. Commandant Reichman.
like Captain Reichman of the United
State* army, Is of German birth, but be
came naturalized in this country over
twenty years ago. By taking service with
the Boers, however, he. of course, forfeits
all claim to citizenship in the, United
States. Harry Hill of this city, with his
brother Howard, served under Reichman
during the Jameson tronble and is well
qualified to speak as to his identity. How
ard Hill, according to recent letters from
him. Is now serving with the Boer forces.
pressed his intention, however, to vote for
the bill, which, he said, upon the whole,
was a liberal measure. . "
When the hour of 4 o'clock was reached
the chairman announced that the votes
upon the pending amendments and the
bill should now be taken.
At the. suggestion of Foraker the com
mittee amendments which had been
passed over were reverted to and adopted
without division.
Davis (R.)-of Minnesota then offered
his amendment. providing that "no duties
ort imports or exports shall, after the
passage of this act, be levied or collected
on any articles imported from the United
States into Porto Rico or from Porto Rico
Into th,e United States."
Mr. Davis demanded the ayes and noes.
The amendment was lost. 30 to 40, the de
tailed vote being as follows:
Ayes— Allen, Bacon. ,Bate, Perry. Clark of
Montana, Clay, Cookrell. Culberson. Daniel.
Davis (Republican), Harris, Heitfeld, Jones
of Arkansas, Kenny, Llnd?ay, McLaurin. Mar
tin, Mason, Money, Morgan. Nelson. Pettu*.
Proctor. Simon. Sullivan. Tallaferrn. Tillman,
Turley, Vest. Wellington (Republican)— 3o.
Noen— Allison. Baker. Bard. Carter. Chandler,
Clark of Wyoming. Cullom, Deboe, Depew,
Fairbanks, . Foraker, Foster, Frye, Gallinitfer,
Gear, Hansbrough. Hawley, Jones of Nevada,
Kean, Kyle Ixvdee. Mcßride, McComas, Mc-
Millan Penrope. Perkins. Platt of Connecticut,
Platt of New Tork, Pritchard, Quarles, Rosa.
Scott, Pewajl. Phoup. Epooner, Stswart, Teller,
Thurston, Wetmore, Wolcott — 40.
Pairs were announced as follows, those
first mentioned being favorable to the
amendment: Caffery— Burrows-; Chilton—
Elkins: Rawlins— Hanna; Hoar—McEn
ery: Mallory— Hale: Turner— Warren; Pet
tigrew—Aldrich; Butler— McCumber.
Beveridge was the only absentee who
was not paired. He has a regularpair with
Clark of Montana and that Senator an
nounced that, if present, Beveridge would
vote for the amendment.
Without division two other amendments
offered by Davis were^ defeated. Then
Nelson (R.) of Minnesota offered his free
trade amendment. The ayes and noes
were ordered and this amendment, too,
was lost — 29 to 41. After an amendment
offered by Spooner (R.) of Wisconsin,
making a slight change in -the measure,
had been .accepted by Foraker, and agreed
to, two amendments offered by Bacon (D.)
of Georgia, one being n substitute for the
entire bill, were defeated without division.
Bill Passed as Amended.
The bill was then reported to the Senate,
the amendments were agreed to and on an
aye and no vote it passed by a vote of 40
to 31, a majority of 9. Following is the
detailed vote upon the measure:
" Ayes — Allison. Baker. Bard, Carter. Chandler,
Clark of Wyoming. Cullom, Deboe, Depew,
Fairbanks. Foraker. Foster, Frye. Gallinger,
Gear Hanna. Hansbrouch, Hawley. Jones ot
Nevada. Kean. Kyle. Ixidge, Mcßride. Mc-
Comas. McMillan. Penrose, Perkins. Platt of
Connecticut. Platt of N>\r York. Prltchard,
Quarles. Roes, Scott. Sewell, Shoup, Spooner,
Stewart. Thurston. Wetmore, Wolcott— 4o.
Kofs— Allen. Bacon. Bate. Berry, Clark of
Montana, Clay, Cockrell, Cu!berson, Daniel,
Davin (Republican). Harris. Hpitfeld. Jones of
Arkansas. Kenny. Lindsay, McLaurin, Martin.
Ma*on 1 Republican).- Money,- MorKan. Nelson
(Republican), Pettus, Proctor (Republican).
Simon (Republican). Sullivan, Tallaferro, Tel
ler, Tlllman. Turley. Vest, Wellington (Repub
lican)—3l.
The only change in the pairs on tlje
final vote related to Beveridge of Indiana.
Clark of Montana announced that he un
derstood that, if present, Beverldge would
v.te for the bill. He, therefore,* trans
ferred his pair to Rawllns (D.) of Utah.
This permitted both Clark and Hanna
(Rawlins' pair) to vote.
Scarcely had the Porto Rican bill been
disposed of when quite unexpectedly -a
serious snarl over the case of former Sen
ator Quay arose. Acting under the unani
mous consent agreement reached on
March 16, that the Quay case should be
taken up to-day, "subject to the consid
eration of appropriation bills, conference
reports, the present unfinished business
ana Senate bill 2355" (the Spooner bill a/
to the government of the Philippinesi,
Lodge moved that the Spooner bill be
made the unfinished business. This was
objected to by the friends of Quay, and
Wolcott (R.) of Colorado moved to ad
journ. The motion was lost, 29 to 29. »
Lodge then renewed his motion and
again Wolcott moved to adjourn, but his
motion was lost, 29 to 29. A long wrangle
ensued and when at 5:55. the Senate ad
journed, the situation was still strained
and the status of th« Quay case unset
tled.
HOLLANDER PROTESTS
AGAINST THE TARIFF
WASHINGTON. April 3.— During the
debate on the Porto Rican bill to-day
Senator Fairbanks presented the follow
ing cablegram from Governor General
Davis of Porto Rico:-
SAN JUAN DR PORTO CICO, March 29.—
Letter >>y next mail from Prefessor Hollander,
strongly advising against legislative require
ment of United States Internal revenue laws or
fixed percentage thereof for Porto Rico. He
urces that tax system for this Island phoulrt
be made to suit local conditions and harmonize
with home, requirements. Hope of attaining
Buch system will be unrealizable If unsuited
t«x laws are forced on the island and proper
measures prevented. DAVIS. ¦-•
Senator Fairbanks explained that Pro
fessor Hollander is an expert on questions
of taxation, who was sent to Porto Rico
at the request of General Davis to make
a study of those questions. ".
PRESIDENT KRUGER— TaIk of peace terms ? Why, we've just begun to- fjghtV.
g . —Exchange.
LONDON/ April 3.— Queen Victoria, who
left Windsor Castle at half-past 9 o'clock
last evening en route for Ireland, arrived
at Holyhead at 9:10 a. m. to-day. The au
thorities of the place, officers of the war
ehips in the harbor and a guard of honor
awaited the arrival of her Majesty. The
general public was excluded from the sta
tion. When the Queen alighted she was
presented with .the usual address of wel
come. She gave her reply to Lord Den
bigh, who handed it to the officials. It
"I thank you for your loyal and dutiful
welcome and tor your expressions of de
votion to my throne and person. Tnw
practical and generous sympathy for
those who have suffered or who are likely
to suffer in consequence of the present
war which has been shown by all classes
of my subjects has been a great consola
tion to me during the time of suspense
and anxiety through which we are pass
ing. I join in your hearty prayer that
peace may soon be restored and that the
other blessings o9 heaven be long -con
tinued to my empire, and I wish all pros
perity to the country you represent.'"
The Queen walked across the platform
leaning on the arm of her Indian attend
ant, and later embarked on board the
royal yacht Victoria and Albert, which,
piloted by the Irene, escorted by the
royal yacht Osborn and the cruisers Gala
tia and Australia, steamed out of the har
bor for Kingstown.
DUBLIN, April 3.— The royal yacht Vic
toria and Albert with Queen Victoria on
board arrived at Kingstown at 2 o'clock
this afternoon, three and a half hours
ahead of the scheduled time, and was
greeted with a royal salute from the chan
nel squadron. Rain has been falling all
morning. . - -. - ¦ . •¦
The royal yacht lay off Kingstown, no
one disembarking from her. and no on«
will leave the vessel until to-morrow.
Only a handful of persona saw the arrival
of her Majesty.
The premature arrival of her Majesty
and the wretched weather were a disap
pointment to Dublin, as thousands of peo
ple had planned to go out to Kingstown.
Nevertheless, as soon as the news spread
a large number started for the scene,
while the. Duke of Connaught, commander
of the forces in Ireland, and Earl Cado
gan, Lord Lieutenant, also hurried there,
and late in the afternoon boarded the
royal yacht Victoria and Albert, where
they greeted the Queen. James Egan, the
Dublin city swordbearer, who for nine
years was imprisoned for political of
fenses, refused to-day to hand the Queen
the sword, nor would he take part in to
morrow's proceedings. This declination
at the last hour caused a sensation, and
the Lord Mayor is now looking for an
other swordbearer. In a letter to th*
Town Clerk Mr. Egan says:
"I will yield nothing to any Irishman in
respect for the individuality of the agett
lady, but I cannot Join in any act of pub
lic courtesy toward the head of a stats
which has tried me upon charges that
were false and sent me to suffer for ninr
years in English dungeons— the state that
still hallmarks me with the degradation
of a ticket-of-leave man."
Mr. Egan adds that he Is prepared to
accept the consequences and hand in his
resignation.
The activity of the daring thieves* who
have poured into Dublin was evidenced
during the night, when $15.0n0 worth of
jewel ry was coolly abstracted from a
Grafto'n-street jeweler. The decorations
are suffering sadly from the rain, but this
does not stop the work of decoration, as
still more buntin*? is being displayed and
every Incoming train is crowded with ex
cursionists.
FAMOUS ESTATE
IS TO BE SOLD
Great Glenn Ranch Will Be Cut
Up and Disposed of at Public
Sale in the Near Future.
Immense Tract of Over Forty-Two Thousand
Acres, Known All Over the World, Must
Go to Lift a Mortgage.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
UJ'.i.t.U.s, April 3.— The executors and
managers of the great Glenn estate, the
largest and richest wheat-growing ranch
In the world, announce that the property
will be put on sale in subdivisions or
imal! farms during this summer and fall.
To the people of Willows this is most
tncouraginß news. The Glenn ranch em
braces about 42.J0.1 acres of very rich soil,
snd nou'lii-ro t !s«> in California can there
be found a sinplo large body of land so
rapaMe of producing crops of. all kinds in
Fuch abundance as have been grown on
this property. This is a fact known all
over i\y- world, for th>* great tract has
l>een visin-d by rich foreigners, pictured
by magazines. an«! talked of throughout
Korope and America. The property was
originally an old Spanish grant, the Ja
rinto Rancbp. and fame into the poss*s-
Fion of Hugh J. Glenn many years ago,
when it \v.-is an immense stock range.
Glenn was a man who knew the worth of
land «nd be commenced plowing up large
portions of the • property and planting
grain. The confidence of the man in the
capabilities of the sui! was so firm that
he paid 15 per cent yearly interest on
over a million dollars of borrowed money,
nn<l when the proposed new constitution
eras about to shift the mortgage tax on
the mortgagee Ghenn easily procured the
Mine loan from Eastern banks* at 9 per
cnt. when Sun Francisco bankers ni.de
pmte>:s ;il>out the tax.
Olonn became very prominent politically
$n thf ranks of -Democracy, and was made
the I)< mocratic -nominee for Governor,
tvhh George C. Perkins and William F.
White, faiher of Stephen M. White, us
I,'s opponents, denii'n nomination was
mainly due lo the fact that he took a
f>lid stand for the new constitution, and
when capitalists threatened to foreclose
on him it but made hi? stand more firm.
The great ambition of Hugh Glenn was
t.i "grow 1.000.000 bushels of wheat and
*ell it for $1,000,000," but his tragic and
untimely death, the facts of which "are
familiar to Californians, prevented the
consummation of this ambition-.
It has long been the hope of Willows
people that this enormous property would
be out up into small farms. The .Glenn
property extends about twenty miles
alunp the western bank of the Sacra
mento River as it .courses northward from
Butte City. Thus the products, or these
s=m4Jl farms can be transported to mar
ket by both rail and water. Steamboats
and barsres come up the river regularly
from Sacramento at all times cf the year
and the matter of cheap transportation Is
already solved. -
A very gratifying fact is that the exe
cutors pf the estate will allow purchasers
•to select tracts anywhere and everywhere,
after the surveyors have completed their
work of platting, ami prices for the land
will not be placed at an exorbitant fig
ure.' Some of the tracts will be sold at
$10 per acre, others at $15. a great many
at $20 and $25. and some at $30 and $35. ¦
The property of the estate is now mort
gaged for $GOO.OOO. and It is to remove this
indebtedness that the land is to be sold.
The terms of sale will be cash, but it will
be an easy matter for a purchaser to
raise money on such property as this.
The thousands of head of horses, mules,
cattle and shtep. besides all of the Im
plements and other eueh property owned
by the estate, will be sold at auction.
If the sale of the Glenn property proves
to be a success, F. C. Lusk, who also
manages the Boggs estate and the Walsh
grant, will place those Immense proper
ties on sale, and the Immigration prob
lem as applying to this section of the
State will be a matter solved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
QUEEN VICTORIA
REACHES DUBLIN
Welcomed on the Way and, Given
a Royal Salute by the Chan
nel Squadron.
James Egan, Sword-Bearer of the Irish Metrop
olis, Refuses to Hand Her Majesty the Blade
or Take Part in the Ceremony.
i*&'3 l s*fli «*"« for Honolulu
LTfc mmm^ Wednesday. April 4.
• V-7TN/ 19 2?- at »P- m.' ¦
Qttrtmrlm 1 Tn « s - 's - Moana
cMWUDniD*-' sail * v 'a Honolulu an*
£vnrvahn S? cklln(1 tor Sydney
fQiflnUff.?-}* Wednesday. April is.
at 8 p. m.
Favorite line around th« world via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England, etc.: $ClO first class.
*. U. arnct<\eU> « aROs.CO.. mbu.. i!4 Montgomery
Piur 7. Foot Pacific tl FreUM 0tf1ce.327 Market St
(_^^^-y In the Goidflelds, a y
rsss^^^r 555^^^ Winchester Repeating Ri fie
ji is a Z*^ ' aw In Itse^« '* protect you and
Ammunition
«^^&l^^^^^ Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
ffi&ißv&*Ms*C address en a P osta l card for 160-page illustrated
>Lfej ff^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
-V"^(yVn 418 flarket Street* San Francisco, Cal. ~~~
jBWwBBa gjflß^^-^WrCsi^r
Tweeds or Cheviots— tough as leather. I
Blue or mixed (dust won't show) fj
enecis* . ljuu uic ureasreQ, snort pants i§
I with double seat and knees. Rein- I
I forced rip-proof seams. An excellent i
1 suit for school. One of the strongest 1
I values we have ever presented. i
H T_ffl. j r* * t f suit. i
IJ'Riecl fifroirt? J
NOME OUTFITTERS
J 857~859 MARKET opp. powell
AMERICAN LINE.
irrw torz. Southampton. London, pasii
btopplng at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. ra.
Ft. Paul... April 4,1 St. Paul April 25
St. Louis April 11; St. Louis May 3
New York.... ..April 181 Nsw York May 9
RED STA3 LINE.
New York, arjd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, U noon.
Frlesland April ifKensihgton ....April 23
Southwark April 11! Noordland May 3
Westernland ...April IJ. Friealand May »
EMPIRE LINE.
S. 8. Ohio, from San Francisco May 13 and
from Seattle May 24. to Noma and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings, June 30. July 31, Aug. 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full lnforjaation regarding freight «iM
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
20 Montgomery et., orjany of its agents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
wharf, San Francisco:
VO»««^ For Alaskan ports — 19 a. m..
WSPSftk. April 1, «. 11. IS. 21, 28; May 1.
|Tffirf*.jijrqiNjL Chance to company's steamers
fl&vSif^tfPl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
ESKaCSsrSa C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
and New "Whatcora (Wash.)—
• > 10 a. to., April L 6. 11, I*. tl.
16; May 1, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m., April 4.
9, 14, 19, 24, 29; May 4, and every firth day there-
for Santa. Crux, Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ueos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Qavlota,
Santa Barbara Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Ix>« Angles), and Newport— 9
a. ra.. April 1. 6. 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; May 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfoxd
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo <"Loe Angeles)— ll a. m.,
April I. 7, 11. 15. 19. 23. 27; May 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder. • r«\;
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing.
¦without Drevious notice.
TICKKT oFKfCK - 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TOYO KISEN KAISfli
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Ftmt and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callinsr at
Kob« (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on dar
of salllnc.
ES. NIPPON MARU „ : J*
Wednesday. Aaril SU»"**l9<»
11. IJSSSSgfe^S^.^::. l^ & &
prjsrEßSZ- June Muri>ot
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freicht and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market «t.. corner First. '
W. H. AVERT. General Acent.
THE 0. R. & IV. CO,
PIBPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
, From BD«sar-street Whart at 10 a. m.
FARF f L 2 / Irst Jf'2? 9 *ncludlo- Bertn
I HllL $8 Second Class and Meal«_
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails 7J..7^7.
COLUMBI^' "sa7is.V.V.V.V.V.V.V.*.V. April I
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane". Bmte.
Helena and aH points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Ag«nt.
GOODALU PERKINS* CO? ***** ? '
r.-. ¦-¦<':"-;¦¦¦ Purerlntendents.
COMPABNIB BEHEKALE TRASSATLiHTIQIJt
DIRECT LIKE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -2s^_
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 3. 1833. at -SWW»2
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North Kiver. foot of
Morton «t.: LA BRETAGXE. April 5- L'AQri
TAIXE. April 12; LA OASCOOXB. ApfiJ »•
LA TOtTRAINE. April M. First cfai, to"
Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on roond trip. Second class to Havre • MS- *
per cent reduction on round trip. GEVPRM
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND a y
ADA. 32 Broadway. (Hudson butldlnsj). New
York. J.- F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paclflc Coamt
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Francisco.
2ADVERTISEMENTS.
COUNCILMEN INAUGURATED.
Newly Elected Officials of Marysville
Axe Installed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, April 3.— Mayor C. S.
Brooks and the newly elected Councllmen,
J. C. Baldwin, J. W. Stewart, G. W. Ham
erly and Phil J. Divver— with the other
city officials, were Inaugurated last night.
The Council made the following appoint
ments:
Police Judge, Thomas H. Kernan; City
Attorney. Wallace Dlnsmore; Board of
Health— Drs. E. W. Hanlon, J. H. Barr.
John Rogers, C. J. Covilland and J. P.
Lydon; police officers— J. H. Single.
Charles Becker, Charles McCoy and John
Colford Jr.; captain of chain gang, John
Streif; city teamster. H. R. Willis: city
scavenger, Joseph Merk; city gardener,
Lucien, Chretien; Poundmaster, M. C.
Faulkner.* — —
CONSUL GENERAL GOWEY
PASSES AWAY IN JAPAN
Gowey was appointed Consul General to
Yokohama by President McKinley, and
had been In Japan in that official position
for the past three years. He was 54 years
old and was one of the best known poll-
Was Appointed to His Position by
President McKinley and Had
Served Three Years.
OL.YMPIA, Wash.. April 3.— The Olym
pia relatives of Consul General Gowey at
Yokohama have been notified of the death
of that gentleman at that place March
12 from the effects of a tumor. Mr.
ticians and financiers in the State. He
was president and manager of the First
National Bank of Olympia for many
years.
The dispatches are Indefinite and it is
not yet known if the remains will be
brought to his former home for burial. A
widow and one grown son, Frank, survive
Mr. Gowev.
_ «
A man muxt go ahead and find out in
rder to be sure that he is right.
Ftrftohed lines around the cave? in the
firer-t and across the dangerous places in
the fldewalk. Cellars were flooded to the
edge of th<» street, and a? far dowh as
Howard street and around the corner
d'iwn to Sixth the flood did considerable
carnage. With usual forethought the
Spring Valley Water Works detailed a
Fpr-cial policeman to arrest the horpes
that were responsible for the accident.
The efficer took possession cf the horses
and the owner is of the opinion that the
company will endeavor to hold them until
ransomed with an amount representing
the value of the hydrant. Although the
excitement was over as soon as the water
was controlled it is quite possible that
there may be more in the local courts be
fore the responsibility for the accident is
fixed and those damaged are remunerated
in the coin of the land.
adoption of guerrilla methods of warfare |
the insurgents have inflicted substantial I
loss upon American arms in comparison j
with the punishment which they have
themselves received.
A significant sentence in the report dif
ferentiates insurgents and ladronas.
showing that Otis has taken cognizance of
the fact that a considerable number of i
the hostiles are not soldiers under the
rules of war and may not expect the same j
treatment. The report, which is dated |
Manila, April 3, is as follows:
Since January 1 124 skirmishes in the Philip
pines have been reported, mostly slight affair*.
Our casualties were three officers and seventy
eischt enliste.l men killed, thirteen officers and
IS] iren woumled; insursent anrt ladrone loss
In killed anrt left on the field. H2S; captured
(mostly woun.'!eii). 1433. Small arms secured
3051: pieces n f artillery. 16.-.. There were also
large captures of other Insurgent property. A
number of important Insurgent officer* are sur
rendertnar. and the situation Is gradually be
coming more pacific. ' OTIS.
GENERAL BATES
OCCUPIES MANY
SMALL CITIES
MANILA, April 3.— General John C.
Bates has peacefully occupied Surigao,
Cagayan, Ilagan and Misamls, in the
island of Mindanao. A number of rifles
and cannon were captured.
The presence of the gunboats York
town, Manila and Panay prevented resist
ance at Cagayan. Insurgent atrocities in
Cagayan and Camarines provinces con
tinue. Spaniards, Chinamen and natives
have been murdered.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— General Otis
has cabled to the War Department, prob
ably with a view to correcting erroneous
impressions that exist in this country as
to the state of the insurrection in the
Philippines, a summary of the result of
the development of the campaign since
the first of the calendar year. His figures
go far toward offsetting the belief that
exists in some quarters that since the
BABY MARCEAU
TAKEN BEFORE
JUDGE YORK
Little Lad Wonders at Pro
ceedings and Asks for
His Mother.
Latter Is Given Permission by the
Court to Visit Her Child Once
During Each Twenty-Four
Hours.
LOS ANGELES. April 3.— An air of ex
pectancy hovered over Judge York's
courtroom at 9 o'clock this morning, for
at that hour Colonel Marceau had been
ordered to appear with Theodore Marceau
Jr., for the possession of whom' a legal
battle that has had few equals in Cali
fornia is in progress.
As the big door swung open a baby's
voice was heard to utter "When will
mamma be here?" The little one toddled
in by the side of the late attache of the
Governor's staff.
As Colonel Marceau paused to speak to
his attorneys Mrs. Marceau, handsomely
gowned in a suit of black silk and
wearing a pompadour hat, swept into the
room. Before she took her seat Baby
Marceau ran to her and looked supremely
happy as the mother clasped htm to her
arms and^ kissed him again and again.
After the mother had fondled the boy for
a few minutes she put him down and he
went to his father, who held the tiny hand
with a strong grip. After preliminary
sparring, which did not expose the merits
of the case of either side, the attorneys
consulted and Judge York reset the case
tor Monday, April 9.
Colonel Marceau's attorneys did not ob
ject to the postponement, but when a de
mand was made that Mrs. Marceau be
allowed to see her son daily Judge Variel,
who has been brought into the case since
yesterday to aid Marceau's cause, entered
a veto and declared that the child would
not again be allowed out of Colonel Mar
ceau's custody if it could be prevented.
Judge York stated that Mrs. Marceau
could see the child every day at 4 o'clock
in the afternoon. He did not say the child
should be brought to Mrs. Marceau. The
mother declares she will not enter the
photograph gallery of her husband, and
that it will be brought to her.
When the court proceedings had been
completed Mrs. Marceau waited outside of
the door. When Theodore Jr. passed her
she moved her hand to the boy and said
"Good-by. dearie." The boy could not
answer, for he was hurried toward the
grated elevator. As father and son wait
ed and as the boy walked down the corri
dor toward his mother he said: "When
will my mamma be here, and why doesn't
she come now?" Neither father nor
mother looked at each other, and the
boy's question received no answer.
into a warmer, deeper feeling, and the re
sult is the wedding of the happy couple,
which takes place on Saturday.
Mr. Drew, the fortunate man. Is a native
son and a prominent member of Mission
Parlor. He is an attorney and in addition
to his position of official stenographer is
connected with the law firm of Reddy.
Campbell & Metson. During Budd's term
of office Drew heUT the position of the
Governor's confidential secretary, and at
the expiration of the gubernatorial term
of office he went back to the law office,
and subsequently received the appoint
ment of official stenographer In the late
Judge Borden's court. When Lawlor was
appointed to fill the vacancy made by
Borden's death Drew was made official
stenographer in Judge Lawlor's court.
Drew's integrity while in public office,
his splendid abilities, together with his
genial disposition, have made the bene-
Floods of Spring Valtey Broke Loose and Covered Seventh
Street With a Real Deluge-Result of
a Runaway.
Law Romance Terminates Happily, and Mrs. W. H. White
of UkiaH Will on Saturday Next Become the Happy
Bride of Her Confidential Adviser.
ROARING GEYSER SPRANG
FROM THE WATER MAINS
WEALTHY WIDOW TO WED
COURT REPORTER DREW
FRENCH JINGOES
ARE REPROVED
BY DELCASSE
Advises Against Taking Ad
vantage of England's
Plight.
Premier Replies to c Speech TJrging
That the Egyptian Question Be
Brought Up at This
Time.
PARTS, April 3.— ln the Senate to-day
during the debate on the foreign budget
Comte Dannay drew attention to the re
lations of France with Great Britain and
pointed out that, in the negotiations re
specting the French concession at Shang
hai,* Great Britain was at first obstinate,
but on the outbreak of difficulties In South
Africa changed her tone and became more
conciliatory.
"The war in South Africa," said the
Senator, "has shown England j that her
policy of splendid isolation is certainly
not the best safeguard for her interests.
I, therefore, consider the moment oppor
tune for France to raise the question of
Egypt. A rupture between France and
Great Britain will be a misfortune for
civilization and the mutual respect of the
two nations is the best means of avert
ing it."
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. Del
casse, replied:
"Both nations have many reasons to
consider their rights and dignity In the
questions they have to solve. It Is not
the time to speak here of ridiculous
threats. The time has not yet come to
tell all the truth of the Fashoda episode,
but- neither France nor the Government
has anything to fear from the publication
of the facts. History will say the last
word. All I can say now is that the Gov
ernment took into consideration the dis
proportion between the end and the effort
necessary to attain it. The treaty of 18S9
secured for us serious advantages. Since
then we have had to negotiate grave ex
ternal questions. The treaty of commerce
concluded with the United States is ad
vantageous to our industry and agricul
ture, and the negotiation respecting
Shanghai has secured a recognition of our
rights. The incident In the Antilles was
settled to our satisfaction and In Africa
we are beginning a methodical develop
ment of our domination.
"In England we have received a re
newal of the mixed tribunal law. These
results are excellent and they are so rec
ognized abroad. They are questioned in
France with the ulterior motive of over
throwing the Cabinet, even though the
country should succumb at the same
time.
"You have seen the odious campaign
against our foreign policy. As Tartuffe
took the mask of virtue, so a certain
party takes the mask of patriotism. But
it will not succeed any more than did
Tartuffe.
"France, gentlemen, is a great Euro
pean power. She has become a great co
lonial power. Our extension has been
marvelously rapid, but we must exploit
the riches of our new colonies with the
capital of old France. We must defend
them with our own resources. Among the
powers which formerly disputed our su
premacy some nave grown greater and
others of more recent growth are striving
to reach the first rank.
"We must struggle. We must form
virile generations. We must develop our
economic organization. France by intel
ligent work must be maintained as the
great road of the world. Our fleet must
regain the necessary strength. I trust
the Senate will agree with me that such
considerations are not out of place in
making explanations regarding our for
eign policy." >
. M. Delcasse resumed his seat amid the
heartiest applause.
THE FEAR OF HUMBUG.
Prevents Many People From Trying
a Good Medicine.
Stomach troubles are so common and In
most cases so obstinate to cure that peo-
ple are apt to look with suspicion on any
remedy claiming to be a radical, perma-
nent cure for dyspepsia and indigestion.
Many such pride themselves on their
acuteness in never being humbugged, es-
pecially in medicines.
Tnis fear of being humbugged can be
carried too far; so far, in fact, that minj
people suffer for years with weak diges-
tion rather than risk a little time and
money in faithfully testing the claims
made of a preparation so reliable and uni-
versally used as Stuart's Dyspepsia' Tab-
lets.
Now Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are
vastly different in one important respect
from ordinary proprietary medicines for
the reason that they are not a secret pat-
ent medicine. No secret is made of their
ingredients, but analysis shows them to
contain the natural digestive ferments,
pure aseptic pepsin, the digestive acids.
Golden Seal, bismuth, hydrastis and nux.
They are not cathartic, neither do they
act powerfully on any organ, but they
cure indigestion on the common sense
plan of digesting the food eaten thor-
oughly before it has time to ferment, sour
and cause the mischief. This ia the only
Beeret of their success.
Cathartic pills never have and never can
cure Indigestion and stomach troubles be-
cause they act entirely on the bowels,
whereas the whole trouble is really In the
stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals digest the food. That is all there ia
to it. Food not digested or half digested
Is poison, as it creates gas, acidity, head-
aches, palpitation of the heart, loss of
flesh and appetite and many other troubles
which are often called by some other
name. ; " '•¦\ i .': ¦ ,-"^.;.' : ?;-..:
STABLEMAN IS
SHOT TO DEATH
AT BURLINGAME
Thomas Hankin Murdered
as the Result of a
Trivial Quarrel.
George Williams Arrested for the
Crime and Declares That He
Acted Merely in Self-
Defense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 3.— A tragedy
occurred at Burllngame this morning.
Thomas Hankin was shot to death by
George Williams. The two men have been
working about the stables of Prince Pon
latowskl for several months past. Yester
day evening Hankin went to San Mateo
and became intoxicated, going back to
Burlingame about 12:30 o'clock this morn-
Ing. Upon reaching the stables he went
to the room of Williams, where the two
men quarreled, but finally retired. This
morning the quarrel was resumed and
blows exchanged. Williams then went to
another building and procured a loaded
shotgun and Hankin went about his work.
The former complained to Foreman
Charles Davis and Davis sought Hankin,
warning him either to -cease his quarreling*
or leave the place. Shortly after 10:30
o'clock Williams was seen by Davis com
ing in his direction with a gun. Davis
warned him not to use the gun.
Williams said: "No, I won't unless I
have to."
Williams complained again of Hankin
and said he had been quarreling after be
ing warned by Davis to desist. Hankin
overheard him and said to him:
"You are a liar."
"You are a liar yourself," retorted Wil
liams.
At this Hankin dropped a bucket of oats
with which he was feeding the horses and
started after Williams. It was then that
the latter raised his gun and flred a load
of shot In riankln's breast. Hankin fell
dead.
Williams was soon after arrested and
brought to this place. - Both men are com
parative strangers and but little is known
of them, except that Williams has worked
for the Stanford Palo Alto farm. Wil
liams absolutely refuses to say anything
about the affair other than to say It was
in self-defense.
PRINCIPALS IN THE FORTHCOMING MARRIAGE.
Drew, who afterward turned over the case I
to the law firm of Reddy, Campbell «fc
Metson, with which he was connected. •
The case was tried in Ukiah and was '
fought out for fou&-weeks. and the result I
was an absolute verdict in favor of the |
widow. During the trial and the month 3 [
of litigation preceding it Drew was Mrs.
Whites confidential adviser. The kind
ness of the adviser and th-» gratitude of
the widow whose interests Drew so care- I
fully guarded slowly but surely blossomed
diet-to-be hosts of friends, every one of
whom will rejoice at his splendid fortune.
Although Mrs. White is . an extremely
wealthy woman. th«- man she Is so shortly
to marry is by no means poor, and though
his fortune is small In comparison to hist
bride's. Drew's private income Is not one
to be despised.
In preparation for the approaching wed
ding Mrs. White has come down from her
Ukiah home and Is at present located at
the Palace Hotel.
FRANK C. DREW, court reporter
in Judge Lawlor's court. Is getting
ready to slip on the matrimonial
yoke and stand a proud and happy
man before the altar with Mrs. W.
H. White of Ukiah.
Although Drew has won the heart and
the promise of the hand of one of the
wealthiest women of the State, he is go
ing quietly about his official duties with
only one care in the world— the guarding
of his secret from a host of friends who
stand ready, at the propitious moment, to
offer congratulations and shower him and
his bride with rice and old shoes.
The -wedding of the fortunate couple is
the culmination of a delightful romance in
which dry and musty law and the endless
ennui of a litigation involving millions
brushed elbows with Venus" saucy boy.
White, who was known as the lumber
king of Ukiah. died a little more than a
year ago, leaving his entire estate, which
consists of the Greenwood Lumber Com
pany and valued at over a million dollar*,
to his widow. The will was disputed by
White's sister, who claimed that the lum
ber king was of unsound mind when his
will was executed.
In the contest that followed the widow's
interest was at first represented by Frank
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
Freckled faces may not be beautiful,
but they are often honest. ,
I You will find the most glJ;C ; ; ;^vs^s^^X':^ :^V^-B
9 money in our all-wool S [\.:' v^ j>W*
I blue serge |fo^^^ffil
j SUitS for $ IO |||i llSPjll jBiH
i popular. Although dark, /il'Mi i\f Wai lylfH
I serges because they are §tjjM / S'|||
9 from serge material that j IjSjgni jl fSI H^B
I is dyed with an unfad-^B;3 Jh |fk | a([ l||fs.(:B
| the eighth week of the j^UM 1 t « ®V j| PvH'ii
I sale, and we have sold fr' : J§| ' \|fe\ !/jlj | J £ 'V^H
I them every day of the Svil I] l'lftlSr •' liF'^t-E
| sale, is certainly proof W&tyi \ \W\\ l I W^'^m
I that the suits are what m?M\ | If?' li |l^v!>Jflg
|f All out-of-town orders for the if> ' !'¦ i;nj i J' I .?'X ' ! r'"^**"-''®
H suits will be fitted— write for cata- ¦''"•'¦"' v" h !'•• "1i 1' J ***'*• ¦** > *'X
a logue No. 2 and a self-measurement i>V->^ I j ijV' '/d i ''''l^'V".^*./H
I 718 Market Street. W^^t /|fe*' : fc|^^^^H
8 WEAK NERVES CAUSE PARALYSIS. I
§ HUDYAN AVERTS THE DANGER. |
IJf WARNING SYMPTOMS f
a ///// Swimming of Head Nervousness \\v\ %
$ I fill Ringing in Ears Sallow Complexion \\V^ ®
©II Dots Before Eyes Bloating of Stomach \\v\®
///// Exhaustion Lack of Energy \\\
/ // Tremblings Failing Memory \ \\
I Loss of Appetite Palpitation of Heart ' I
I General Debility Dizzy Spells I
I Sleeplessness Nausea I
1 Coated Tongue Tendency to Faint / I
\ \\ Shaky Knees All-Gone Feeling I 11
\\\ \ Pains in Back Pains in Joints J 111
0 VVWV Pain Over Heart Twitchings of Eyelids ////!%
• VNnV Constipation Horrid Dreams ////§ Q
* % HUDYAN CURES. ///// %
A V^XV ALL DRUGGISTS, ///// S
1 N^v sOc. jm S
® Take Hudyan now before It is too late. Hudyan promptly relievpg one and all the ?
© above cymptoms. Strengthen your nerve« If you phow evidence of nerve-weakness, w
0 Hudyan quickly makes its Influence felt, in nerve quietude, improved appetite, cor- ©
a rected bowels, rain in weight and strength. Hudyan rebuilds and rejuvenates the m
*f entire system. Get Hudyan from your drugrirlst— ooc a package, six packages $2 60. Z
• If he does not keep it send direct to Hudyan Remedy Co.. corner Stockton. Ellis and J
O Market streets. Ban Francisco, Cal. ©
I'lOrTHR^ of the lludyan Remedy Co. may bi consulted by letter or Q
0 L>UVI vao In person. Write your symptoms. ©
q SEND FOR CIRCTTLARS AND TESTIMONIALS OP THE GREAT HUDTAN— FREE. $
3
A MIGHTY column of water, leaping
eighty feet into the air, then
feathering in the wind and drench
ing pedestrians and buildings alike
for half a block around, attracted
thousands of spectators to the corner of
Seventh and Minna streets early last
evening. Away from this strangely locat
ed geyser that roared as though a vent
for pent-up forces in the bowels of the ]
earth there ran a swift stream, wide and
deep, which cut under the cobbles., tore
up the roadway, dislodged the dilapidated
wooden sidewalks of the neighborhood !
and flooded cellars along its entire course.
Shortly after 6 o'clock Henry Frederick,
n. driver for J. Cassady. left his truck
standing at a watering trough across the
street. His team, a splendid pair of spir
ited Normans, suddenly took fright and
dashed across the street. 1'rederick, who
v.as standing near, leaped into the truck
and grasped the lines, but the horses
dashed straight over the sidewalk on the
east side, over the hydrant at the corner
and took away a portion of Henriolle's
liquor store. The tremendous force of
the water lifted the heavy iron hydrant
and hurled it over the heads of the horses
down Minna street. The roaring of the
stream terrorized the horses, but several
men controlled them by line and bit and
got them to a place of safety. Hundreds
of people rushed out of harm's way and
hundreds more, seeing the rushing water,
hurried to the scene and It was a miracle
that no one was injured. Officer Peter J.
Mitchell telephoned the station and the
t^pring Valley Water Works were notified.
t->everal men soon arrived on the scene,
but found that all of the valves controll
ing the flow were jammed. For an hour
and three Quarters thev worked In the
drenching downpour before the pipe was
tir.ally closed, and when it was. the entire
neighborhood was deprived of water for
another hour while the f-nil of the broken
hydrant was being plugged. The policer^% CHICHCSTCR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
rJ\ &&k "* CUICHESTEIS'S r.NGLLSH
f-W^;Vi!D KI.U rnnd I,oM m-!»::ic boxen .<-.lel
X\ — - . f?*2 »ia 6it>» riU^o. T«U« ( .tkcr. HrTuf
i^i •*> *ii Omngmrout ¦*nk a t!luLloD> Bad lrali..
j / ~~ fT Urat. Ect 'I Tr.ur l/n.ji.i. or i-c ! 4c. ia
1 *» Jf «w»1» for r.nloul.r.. T««tlmoiita)*
VC*. ff * c * '•fl«n*f f»r >.li4lr»,"»» irltrr, hr m.
»-*v X *mrm MaU. 1 <t.«ft< 1 » TntiawiiU. ReM br
„ _ ' «^1 Vnen,t*. Ckl«ii*»t«rrh«mlc>a]C.-
leMtr.U»ii,o. M»dJ..« B % u«rt, HIIILA.. Vj£
M&GrSP^ ' **!fc<3l jynedr for Uooorrii n.
/R?jrcCUKis>f-5j G>-t Sptrmatorrhffi,
fr?7± '¦* i w t*L7».V4 W i.jt»e. ncoiion] \\ m
£~t+*s o¦»»»•»<o ¦»»»•»<- 1 y charee*. or aoy icflc~mv
f**% mi a niK'.ut. li.'a, , irritation or ui.er*.
|K---Sf-.-CTfru ooLtt-Slon. tion Ot EOCOUI lU.-3*.
¦fsVa'HtEuNS CtSIKtCU Co. floa-«*trl«ent.
1255.C sC-kiTt.O &*FI *'>«•* or i*rsMon.U,
«•"•¦»• ?r? r krut in putn w , r » pr Tib 7
b7 oxprew. prepaid, fo4
\£?ylyy ja OirciuM Nut wo r *\rir£t
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDBFORD CO. Washington
and Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. 3. F.
ROCKERS.
RflnfF I }^ Hula-Hula Rocker: Centrlfniml
I.UWiVL l J Sana Pump,. Machinery. PARKE
& LACT CO.. 21 Fremont st.
and Morgan will remain on the ground,
pending an investigation
Hard hit the previous day the ring un
doubtedly recouped its losses, as Mal
lakwa, Anjou. Pat Morrissey and Obsid- j
lar:. the four beaten choices, were all well
barked. L*>na, at 1U to 1, was the longest
priced winner.
Gusto, with Pig-pott up and a 12 to 5 fa
vorite, captured the opening five furlong I
Fcramble without much effort from the
choice. Maydine. Fine Shot, Tr
chin and P.ir*field were all accorded scat
tering support, failing, however, to show
any spewi.
Jim Morgran landed the six furlong
sprint, r.ext decided, with Moringa. a 6 to
1 char.cc. In front after the first quarter
had been covered, the Sobrante gelding
]c<i r_) e Blaise over the Mnr a couple of
lengths. Mallakwa, from Don Cameron's
stable, was played down from 6 to 11 to 5
favoritism and. though showing some I
sr^«»d. looked high and hardly up to a. i
bruising race.
The Fevcn furlong run afforded Barney i
Schr-Mber's Enundlee an opportunity to
win a purse. The odds against the brown
colt drifted back from -1 to 5 to even j
money and he won galloping from My j
Gypsy. Mountebank, under hard riding,
ran a fair third.
His rerent form hfld be«>n fo speckled
that Scotch Plaid was almost overlooked
!n the mile and a sixteenth' handicap. A j
6 to 1 shot, he caucht Formero in th-? i
final one hundred yards, winning br a
lmgth. owing chiefly to Morgan's good
handling. Anjou. the favorite, had enough
before a ml!e had b*>fn covered.
Iyf-na. at odds of 10 to 1. downed Wyb- !
miny a !f>r:pth for the closing mile run. !
Alas. th<» second choice, died out In front. !
Lopue making too much use of the filly. I
To-Day's Entries
Firrt rare— TTirp*> an<! a half furlongs; maiden
two-year-old fillies; parpe:
ISIS NellgourU im K»S7 Homage 113
Tiolita U* IM7 Vr.derprowth ..110
fos loneliness 11« 1027 Opal Stone 11l
NCO Ada Fox lio:
Second ra"*— Five furlongs; maiden three
rear-nlflp- «<>!!in£-:
Miss Margaret. llT| 959 Ivw Zara 105
9*5 Hipponax llf .... Sir Hampton... l]C
M* Candlelight 11.. 11^ .... Fernet H7
t' r < Nettle Clark. ...W,. 6f^s Garbo i*"»
EX Spike 10q SM Bora .ul
10:3 Rdgardo 107 1028 Swlftwater 117
Third race— Six furlonps; three-y**r-old9 and
upward; selling:
I*2l Tuthfll inni 1C35 Lavator IOS
t"* Barr.boulla W 910 Clprlano m
*:r.: r . Terrene ]0«| 910 Sylvan Lass . 1"?6
157 My Secret ST.: 1023 Gauntlet 11l
W2 Aborigine >7' I3S Homestake 109
Fourth rac« — On* mile; thr*e-year-o1ds; eell
ir.e:
l«f* Jolly 8rit0n... .107] 1014 Expedient 11*
871 Watemrtck — 113, 97 Ailonna ick
IWi L. B. McWh"tr.l22l ICSI Burdock no
1313 Forma-tUB 10? ' 1019 Prestome 112
Fifth race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds and upward; purse:
9«3 None Such. 112 ] 1030 The Fretter... 11J
VIZ F".amora 91 ! 1029 Malay lft
<1910)Gotobed 115 i
Prxth rac»— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; felling:
(lKimeadwater 10* lW Momentum .. 110
'.'•!<; ROFalbra. 11M 1024 Snips ..." IOS
V.Zi Castake 107 mC) Torslda. £iog
H» Melkarth Wi K'l4 Mortgage 93
K?7 Pongo 110! jus Colonel R00t... "107
1006 Dk. of Tork n.lf>TnO2S)T;ar«a 105
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Homage, Loneliness. Tiolita.
Second race— Swiftwater, Garbo, Lew Zara.
Thlrd race— B&raboulfa.. Tuthill, Gauntlet.
Fourth race— L. B. McWhlrter, Waterwick
Prestom*.
Fifth race— Flamora, Malay. Gotobed.
Sixth race— H*-adwater. Mortgage. Uarda.
LITTLE REIFF'S GOOD WORK.
Bides School Girl in a Dead Heat and
"Wins tho Run-Off.
TyONDON. April H.-Tlio Northampton
shire stakes of 800 Foverelsns. run at the
Northampton spring meeting to-day, re
sulted in an exdtlnir tussle, a dead heat
being run by School Girl, ridden by J.
Reift. and Roughside. with K. Cannon up.
At the distance School Girl, Roughside
and Flaris drew in front and a desperate
race ensued. The finish of the race was
the prettiest seen In years. Flavie beins
enly a neck behind. The dead heat was
run off and School Girl won in hollow
fashion. Little Relff was heartily cheered
Winners of Bennings Races.
WASHINGTON. April . 3.— Results at
Bennlngs: ,
Five and a half furlcnc«— Oolden Rattle won
Jark Gay second. Rough Rider third. Time)
Half mile— Educate won, ¦ Albert Enright
second. Moor third. Time. :81.
Seven furlongs, selllmj— Queen of Song won
Robert Metcalf second. Posthaste third. Time,
Six furlones — Grandeur won, CanJia sec
ond, Balkan third. Time. 1:19.
Five ar.d a half furlongs— Thermost won
Cupidity second. Sir Christopher third. Time.
California Condor.
W. F. Roeder has presented to Golden
Gate Park Memorial Museum the beauti
ful specimen of California condor which
attracted so much attention at his place,
1 Grant avenue. The bird was found In
the Santa Crus Mountains. With wings
outspread the distance from tip to tip
measured nine feet six Inches. The work
of the taxidermist Inpreserving the speci
men Is creditable. The condor was con
veyeo to the museum yesterday by order
of C. P. Walcoinb, curator.
Time— Vt. :13H: H. :3*H: %. l:o4\i. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, S. Judge's
br c. by Imp. Brutus-Irish l^asa. Gusto best ridden. Events should have been closer up;
throw this race out. flarsfield was backed, but showed no s PePd^^^^_^^_^^ i^^^ i>^^^^ >y^ >
H>'.l~. SECOND RACE; — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
TirpA—i/j, ;26; V 4, :52; %, UISH- Good start. Won cleverly, second and third driving. Win
ner ¦K. Lloyd A.Co.'.s b. g., by .Sobrante-Loma, Winner probably best. Torslna. ran. out
at stretch turn. Mallakwa short. Scratched— Mlas Rowena IA9-_
1 <>;»::. THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; yelling; three-yoar-olds; purse. $400.
Time — % :13'4; %, 3 *,; %. 1:04..4; vs. 1:32. Good start. Won easily, second and third driv
ing. Winner. B. Schrelber's br. c, by Boundless-Parolee. Boundte* all the best. Chateau
rf q v \ MjjjtrcmfrMlnsrj^Trklacutfl^Tonfpxturn^
lortl. FOURTH RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth; free handicap; 3-year-olds and up; purse, |500
Tim*--1-16. :06H: 6-16, :31U; 9-15, :07'4: 13-IS. 1:24: rrrtle, l:44Vi: 1 l-16m. 1:504. Good start.
Won flirt three drlvlnr. Winner, Burns & Wnterhoufe's h. g.,. by imp. Midlothian-Mottle.
Morgan on liald went the shorteet way. Formero beaten by too wide a turn into stretch.
Imperious killed Anjou off.
1035. FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling:: three-year-olds and upward; pur»e, »400
Time— »i. :25: Vi. :<9.H: %. 1:«. straggling start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner. Foster & Hackett s eh. m., by Imp. Midlothian-Turmoil. Peace and Cormorant
away flying. Good Hope a disappointment. Pat Morriasey away poorly and not partial to
theF^ins^^Scratx*e^l^b^22^iii5 ar 107> Pat Murray 107, Florinel II 86, Jael 105.
1030. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling: three-year-olds and upward; purse. |400
Time— %. :26: M, :5H4; *i, 1:18; mile. 1:45&. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner
B. P. Xlcoll'e eh. m., by Apache-BIH. Alas would have won if not rushed out too fast.
Wyoming should have downed Lena. Obsidian Is no account. ¦ Scratched— Prestome W
Snipg 110. . • . :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GODCHAUX WILL
YIELD TO CIVIL
SERVICE BOARD
Mayor Phelan Prevails on
the Recorder to Comply
With the Charter.
The differences existing between Re
corder Godchaux on the one side and the
Civil Service Commission on the other
were amicably settled late yesterday aft
ernoon. Mayor Phelan, who had inform
ed the commission that he would use the
authority vested in him by the charter to
compel the observance of Its laws re
garding civil service by derelict city offi
cials, was in conference with Godchaux
most of the day. The Mayor Insisted on
Godchaux complying with the civil ser
vice regulations at once. Godchaux
pleaded for more time on the ground that
the efficiency of his office would be im
paired if a complete new force was forced
upon him, but tne Mayor was obdurate.
It was finally agreed that Godchaux
should make a requisition for ten copy
ists to-day and another ten before April
15. Accordingly, t-e first twelve men on
the eligible list were sent to him as he
called for male copvlsts, the charter per
mitting him to specify the sex.
Godchaux was also Informed by the
commission that the' ten men copyists who
would be replaced by eliglbles from the
civil service list would not be allowed pay
for the last two days they had served the
government, as he had been notiiied that
the sixty-day term for which the staff
had beisn appointed had been shortened to
twenty-three, thus doing away with the
original appointments on last Saturday.
Godchaux will accordingly discharge ten
of his copyists to-day, but the other ten
which he will retain will work without
pay, as they are considered out of the
municipal employ so far a3 the civil ser
vice is concerned. Three of the present
force— J. Hayes, C. Cosgrave and E. Sul
livan—are sufficiently high on the list to
come within the names submitted to God
chaux by the commission and they will In
all probability keep their positions.
The deposed copylßts will, however, take
the matter to the courts and have re
tained an attorney to handle the litiga
tion in that connection.
County Clerk Deane also made a re
quisition for five male copyists, and the
names of seven eligibles were sent to him
by Secretary Moran. Of his sixteen copy
ists he has appointed one and the re
maining ten are engaged on probate work,
which will be finished in a few days, and
he will then make a requisition for ten
more copyists.
PUT MORRISSEY
CAUSES TROUBLE
FOB HIS JOCKEY
Judges Suspend Morgan for
the Sprinter's Entire
Lack of Speed.
The crack mudlark Pat Morrissey was
beaten a«ain in a -print at Oakland yes-
V rd.iy and the judges suspended his rider.
Morgan, for the horse's indifferent show
ing. The partially dried course was
h<-nvy. Just the sort of jjoinp that causes
grangers to grow groggy as the wire Is
reared. MorriFsey vras in«=tallei favorite
for the fifth number, notwithstanding it
u..s Maimed he did not like the footing.
Cormorant r<*ceived Ptrong backing- on the
Ftrength of a hot tip, and together with
Peace beat the f.e'.d away, the favorite
a^ain being off badly. Peace proved too
fast for Cormorant, beating him in waltz
t:rr,-. with Momentum third. Morgan
could not rmvi^ste Morrtssey Into any
roing he Jiked. finishing sixth. The stand
«3i«i not like the complexion of the race.
The Interstate Commerce Commission Listens to
Evidence Against Trade Piracy by the
Jobbers of the Middle West
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE A CO.. manufacturers, ba«s. unu.
coven. £ and 13 California st. - -
Second Mate Suspended.
The United States Inspectors of Local
and Foreign Steam Vessels yesterday sus
pended for six months the license of
Thomas McTague, second mate of tho
Georga W. Elder, on charges of intoxica
tion and assault preferred by C- Randall.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Engines and Cotters;
lowest prices on the coast. Pins A Davis iti
FUPS.
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME
ALBERT HOEFLJCH. 118 Grant ay».
PILE.DRIVINQ ENGINES.
Worthlngrton Steam Pumps & Water Meter*.
Mundy Hoisting Engines. Tatum A Bowen.
Board of Works Expenses.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
filed an estimate of its expenditures for
the coming: fiscal year with tho Joard tf
Supervisors as follows: General efface,
$21,900; engineer's department. $133,120;
Bureau of Streets, $G57.720; Bureau of
Buildings, $307,460; light and water, $2350;
stationery. $3000. Total, $1,155,610 50. The
following recommendations of Improve
ments are also made in the report: . City
Hall electric plant. $41,300; wirfnj? of cor
ridors. $4532; heating plant, $33,433; two
electric elevators, $10,000: plumbing of City
Hall, $24,100. Total. $113,6G7.
GASOLINE ENGINES.
rrrncrrLES gas engine works ts ninn«
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st.. 8. F
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. 223 FW-
som street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
MATTFSOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Lone torn, riffles and carp«t combined saves
placer cold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
GOL > SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Win. H. Birch St Co.. 133 Ist.
WIELDERS OF RODS TO
COMPETE IN THE EAST
The regular monthly meeting of the San
Francisco Fly-casting Club u-as not held
last night, owing to lack of a quorum.
An informal discussion was indulged in
by the members present over the condi
tions of the various trout streams and the
possibilities of the season.
The open to the world tournament of the
Chicago Fly-casting Club to be held Au
gust 16 and 17 is interesting the members.
Walter D. Mansfield, the champion at the
game, will surely be a competitor. It Is
probable he will be accompanied by A. E.
Lovett and Colonel C. G. Young, both of
whom are In the champion class. Reuben
Leonard of New York, who held the rec
ord for years until Mr. Mansfield attacked
it, will be among those who enter the list.
Thomas B. Mills, another New York
champion, will also compete. Teams from
Grand Rapids, Baltimore, Boston and
Milwaukee are expected to join in making
the tournament of interest wherever the
art of fishing is practiced.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In ODemtion Dally. C2S Sixth Strert.
BYRON JACKSON.
1031. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, J3OO.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyrlsht, 1900. by H. H. EKbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Tuesday, April 3. 1900.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
Gray Again Escapes Conviction.
In the case of the United States of
America against Frederick Gray, charged
with having counterfeiter's tools In his
possession, the Jury yesterday in the
United States District Court failed to
agree after having been out four hours
and a quarter. They were thereupon dis
charged by Judge de Haven. This was
Gray's third trial, the two former Juries
having disagreed also. It is likely that
tbe prosecution will be dropped.
AMATEUR REINSMEN TO
HOLD RACE MATINEE
Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion Decides to Rttn Off Two
Events on the Speed Track.
The Golden Gate Park Drivine Associa
tion, which is composed of the foremost
horse-owne-^ of this city, will hold a
racing matinee on the afternoon of Sat
urday, April 21. Two events will be run
off over tne speed track in Golden Gate
Park, and a number of owners of fast
animals have expressed their intention of
testing the speed of their horses.
This was decided at a meeting of tha
anociation held last night in their head
quarters at the Palace, other important
business was also transacted. A com
mittee, composed of E. Aigeltinger, E.
Stewart, F. G. O'Kane and Fred Thomp
son, was selected to call on the Park
Commissioners and request that the
brush that now incumbers the speed
track be cut away, as it retards a view
of the track and Is also a menace to tho
lives of those driving over it. J. M. Eva
of the California Fuse Company, A. P.
Welch, the capitalist, and Leo Nolan,
the shoe man, were elected to member
ship. Twenty-.lve entries have- already
been received for the trotting racea to be
held, under the auspices of tho associa
tion on Decoration day at the Emery
ville track. The events this year prom
ise to be extremely interesting. The
best horses on the coast will compete and
many new records are likely to be estab
lished.
WILSON FIGURES
OUT EXPENSE OF
PACIFIC MUSEUM
Sum of Thirty-Five Thou
sand Dollars Per Annum
Will Suffice. .
Director Wilson of the Philadelphia
Commercial Museum at a meeting of the
promoters of the Pacific Commercial
Museum yesterday afternoon stated that
$30,000 per annum would be sufficient to
establish a commercial museum in this
city and assure success, with good man
agement and tho hearty co-operation of
the Philadelphia Museum. Skilled men
would be indispensable to conduct the
buslnesSj he said, and it would be well
for San Francisco to send out its own
commissioners to foreign countries bor
dering on the Pacific in search of samples
and .information. Philadelphia, -he con
tinued would co-operate thoroughly with
San Francisco and the samples and In-
formation that were to be freely supplied
would be worth three times the amount
of the $50,000 appropriation for which the
museum promoters ceased to press when
It was learned that to continue to urge it
would mean failure of the appropriation
for Philadelphia. St. Louis, Chicago and
New York are talking about establishing
institutions modeled on the Philadelphia
'Director Wilson said there should be a
compact that the San Francisco and Phil
adelphia institutions would stand to-
X Mr. Wilson 6poke over an hour. He
said the salary list of the Philadelphia
Museum was JMO.OOO per year; that it had
KS employes; that it had its own printing
plant; that the annual membership fee
was $100; that the receipts last year, all
of which went to the promotion of the
work, amounted to $71,000 In addition to
the appropriation by the city of Phila
delphia.
On motion of Arthur Rodgers a vote of
thanks to Mr. Wilson was adopted. It
was also voted to help Philadelphia to
get the national appropriation of $200,000
that is sought. This afternoon the ex
ecutive committee of the Pacific Com
mercial Museum will meet at 3:30 o'clock
at 222 Market street.
THE discussion over carload rates
Jim! !r?s than carload, rates, differ
entials and the effect the whole
complicated assortment of subjects
would have on the Pacific Coast
jobbers was resumed yesterday morning
before the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion, now in session in this city.
On the whole the Pan Francisco whole
salers presented strong testimony against
the readjustment of differentials prayed
for by the jobbers ot the Middle West.
The disadvantages under which the local
wholesalers compete with the piratical
practices of their competitors of the Mid
dle West was brought out forcibly by the
evidence of thoFe competent to testify to
the existing conditions and the result
that would follow if the St. Louis Busi
ness Men's Association triumphed In its
present fight. ;- ; :
It was shown that the Pacific Coast
had been made the dumping ground for
the surplus stock of the Middle West Job
bers, glad to deliver their extra goods
here at cost in order to get rid of them,
and now striving to force our own deal
ers to the wall in order that they might,
reap a profit on their refuse.
When yesterday's session of the com
mission got down to business, A. C. Ru
lofson nf Haker & Hamilton resumed his
testimony. He took another whack at
the exhibit presented by Mr. Waite of St.
Louis, showing by the figures presented
therein the wide difference between the
extreme Eastern and Western differen
tials in favor of the St. Louis jobber. He
showed that the Middle West wholesalers
were enabled by the favorable freight
rates and other conditions to extend their
trade 1700 miles Into fhe Western terri
tory, while the Pacific Coast merchants
were checked when they got 300 miles in
land from the Pacific Ocean. The Pa
cirlc Coast men, according to Mr. Rulof
scin, were doing business in their legiti
mate territory, which was being invaded
by the wholesalers of the Middle West
for a dumping place for their surplus
stocks. It was denied that the coast Job
bers have a combine on prices, but it was
demonstrated tthat the figures were al
most entirely controlled by the local and
Middle West competition.
Ocean the Factor in Freight Rates.
"St Louis is a big factor in fixing prices
here." said Mr. Rulofpon, "the came as
our ocean transportation Is the great fac
tor in regulating our freight rates. There
are still some merchants' on the coast
who do business on antediluvian meth
ods. They never figure the cost of th.Mr j
goods, but only look at the other fellow's
price and then shade it a bit."
The St. Louis contingent had no desire 1
to cross-examine Mr. Rulofson. In reply j
to the questions of the commission, he !
said that graded rates between the At- J
lantic and Pacific would obliterate the j
competition between the Illinois and New i
York manufacturers to the detriment of
the Western Jobbers and consumers.
J. P. Mather, general counsel of the
Chicago and Rock Island Railroad, took
a hand in the cross-examination. Refer
ring to the iron supply from Colorado, he
asked:
"Presuming that all modes of transpor
tation were' wiped out, would not the nat
ural supply of Iron for the Pacific Coast
be Colorado, for the reason that it is the
nearest point?"
"But we must not wipe out the ships,"
replied Rulofson. "Your Question is theo
retical, and I only feel called upon to re
ply to those bearing on actual conditions.
If the freight rates were graded the trade
from the wholesalers would go from the
manufacturers of the Middle West to
those of the Atlantic seaboard, where the
benefit of sea transportation could be se
cured. The competition which bothers us
most is that of the Middle West manufac
turer selling direct to the retailer, thus
eliminating the Jobber's profit entirely.
We certainly expect a reasonable differ-
I ential whether the rates arc graded or not.
The present conditions are as favorable to
the Middle West as could possibly, be ex
pected. If they are graded they would
be given an unnatural advantage which
would deprive. the coast of Its geographi
cal supremacy in the shape of its facilities
j for water transportation."
Need No Protective Tariff.
Chairman Knapp wanted to know If the
Pacific Ccast Jobbers desire the present
conditions to continue for the benefit of
the railroad company or as a protective
tariff to themselves. ! Mr. Rulofson replied
that the coast Jobbers asked for no pro
tective tariff— they were willing to .meet
any competitors on equal terms. He said
that If rates were so arranged that the
coast Jobbers could handle their goods as
far east as the St. Louis men can west
the present hearing would not be In San
Francisco but would be nearer Denver.
Mr. Rulofson insisted that it was the
contents of the Pacific Coast people
that freight rates should be based entire
ly with reference to the means of trans
portation by water. ¦:"•'-. - T
Henry Lefghtner of Waterhouse & Les
ter. Sacramento, and Edward D. Page,
Pacific Coast manager of the Howe Scale
Company, both stated that if the differ
entials were readjusted or a graded rate
was put into effect they would be forced
to ship all their goods by sea. .
Mr Page testified further that part of
his wares are now shipped by water and
a portion by rail. The greater part now
comes by rail en account of the existing
rates and all come by the carload figure.
His carload rate is Ji per hundred pounds
and the less than carload rate $1 50. mak
ing a differential of GO cents. If this were
lowered, he said, he would be compelled to
bring all his goods by water for the rea
son that it would bring him Into direct
competition with the Eastern and Middle
West dealer. If there were no water
transportation, In that event he would be
forced' out of business.
John Curtis of Payot, Upham & Co., W.
G. Houston of H. S. Crocker & Co. and
XV. S. Dixon, representing Cunningham,
Curtlss & Welch, presented the argument
of the stationery jind paper dealers, and
all agreed on the main points in dispute.
About 45 per cent of their goods come by
water. All that is clipped ovtrland comes
at the carload rate, and upon that figure
they base their prices, as do all the Paci
fic Coast dealers In commodities. The dif
ferential on their particular line of goods
is F5 cents. If this were reduced, they
agreed, they would have to seek cheaper
transportation. Already they have lost
the trade of much territory on account of
the encroachment of the Middle West Job
bers with the advantage of more favor
able freight rate conditions.
Charles F. Tay of the George H. Tay
Company was an excellent witness for tht»
coast men.
Change WoulcT Disorganize Trade.
He testified that during 1592-93-94 50 per
cent of the goods purchased by his house
came by water. Now about 00 per cent of
his manufactured stock is purchased in
the Middle West- and is shipped by rail,
on which there is a differential of from
40 to 60 cents. He stated that if tbese
were readjusted the entire wholesale busi
ness of the coast in his line would be dis
arranged and consumers would not be
benefited a particle.
"Our prices are about the same now as
they are in the East," he said, "and I can
see no reason why the coast should be
made tributary to St. Louis, which would
be the outcome of readjustment. We can
compete with the Middle West men in
San Francisco, but the reduction of dif
ferentials would not enable us to hold our
own outside. I can cite a case where a
stove boiler was shipped to Reno. Nev.,
from Chicago at the 1. c. I. rate and the
freight was less than the c. I. rate to San
Francisco and local back. We could not
compete with that sort of business unless
we shipped the same class of goods
around the Horn."
Stubbs' Boomerang.
J. C. Stubbs of the Southern Pacific
Company suggested that it would not be
inconsistent for the jobbers of the Middle
West to reach Into this territory and sell
at very close margins in order to build up
new trade. The St. Louis people agreed
with him and found that they had run up
against a boomerang.
"Then," continued Mr. Stubbs, "if the
differentials give the coast Jobbers a
slight advantage is there any reason why
they should not employ It to reach out
Into remote districts and extend their
trade farther East?"
That part of the discussion ended right
there.
I. F. Llttlefield, representing "WTilttier,
Fuller & Co., gave testimony supporting
the line of defense of the Pacific Coast
Jobbera.
Attorney TV. F. Herrln announced that
he would consume this afternoon and
Thursday morning with his argument.
The St. Louis people will introduce about
half a dozen witnesses, and it Is expected
the hearing will be finished Friday.
COAST MUST NOT BE DEPRIVED
OF GEOGRAPHICAL ADVANTAGES
SYLVA'S MEMORY
WAS VERY GOOD
Holds Out Against Lafe Pence in
Cross-Examination — Dull
Day in Fair Trial.
AN-.Ti-r.R «:r.y of Adolph Sylva on
the stand with Lafe Pence mani-g
::.c the cross-examination for the
;«^;;;oM-rs cause pres^ntod no n?w
features in the trial before Judge
rroutt. Y«st»rflay"» procedure was as te
dious, urinterpstir.g and long drawn out
as the openlac of the defense was sharp,
snappy and
It was evident from th» first shot that
the battle would be slow and confined to
a dual engagement between Lafe Pence
and 6y!va, whose testimony, if true,
would scatter the cause of Mrs. Craven-
I'air without possible redemption of. body
soul. Eylva wjus es chipper ac a woman
uith a new spring bonnet, showing no
L-ects from his previous cay's work on
I - -:»nd. Even at the end or the second
jay be «:isj. :ayed his same customary
eagerness, hip pugnacity and keen eelf
, .<-.. Bsion. Were it not for his rambling
• ?¦• •- which the a:tor:;eys of neither
r.J.- oared lo smother and an occasional
brush between tne pillars of the law or
fence and Sylvm the day would have been
i disappointment to the large crowd
jathered back of the railing.
Worked for Exoneration.
The morr.:::s se?«ion did not shake
sylva's testimony so lar as cross-examin
• \\as concerned, !*n went in a greit
measure to exonerate Lafe P«-nee from
the nasty charges made against him by
S Once aeain «ai the d<?!*ul*d account
5f the meeting* between Sylva. Dunar.d.
Judge Blmpton ani Mrs. Craven repeated.
At one of the meetings in the office of
Pence & Pence Lafe Pence asked Sylva
if he tiid not think that Judge Simpton
¦:- ::'q :»• krpt i»ay 2r<">m all influence
that ih^- Fair people mierht be likely to
-.<-;-•.. Thor. Sylva responded:
•Weil. Simpton is 8 poor man and you
~;'n't tell u-hat th.- gold might do when
=tack«d up before him. But 1 know he is
honest and I don't th-mk he could b<?
- uf-.t. As for me they couldn't buy me
', - $; ,ty. 000."
Sylva afterward admitted that he had
c did not think the Pences were in
ie scheme. Of Charles he was sure, but
\ ;V- manner of hi* ppeech he would
rery positive that the elder brother
nas in est'ire lenorance cf the proceeding.
The ftory of how Sylva accompanied the
Percys and the two detectives on a visit
jodxe Simpton when he was secreted
[n the <reary-«reet lodging-house was
? jct>! (ted When the P«>nces and the de
rtlres left he took the Judga right to
X- letnVs rfTire and there the affidavit was
_ '¦- ' .-1-,,, •• Ovlv, coM '-ft 1« rrt'» T
I Mid a monument ought to be erected to
rr.e by the Fair people."
Glories in His Lies.
A gr»at portion of tlie afternoon session
was forfuraed by the reading of news
paper clippings and having Bylva ac
knowledge or disavow statements given
to reporters. Contrary to the advice of
(loorpe Knight Sylva told some reporters
Mrangf tales, which were many miles
from the truth. He said to one that four
witnesses were concealed in his house
during the tirst interview with Mrs. Cra
ven-Fair. This he admitted yesterday
I was a fabrication, but s»o eager was
j Sylva to end the litigation and save his
| friends the trouble of further annoyance
I at Ihe ham's of the petitioner that he did
! tr.'.s contrary to the advice of attorneys
! and out of his own deliberate Intention.
Afa.iri Joe Harvey was on the table of
consideration. It was ail for Joe, and at
no t'me was any other party given a mo
j ment'j thought, according to bylva's tes
' tlmonjr. Pence seemed to stow tired as
| th»> day progressed and in the afternoon
i his Questions were weak in delivery and
!in naturr. Sylva 's career was the last
I eubject handled by the cross-examiner.
Eylva's Roaming Career.
TVhen Sylva had exhausted the fire anrj
energy of Lafe Pence in the serial story
of the meetings that took place in Sausa
lito. Pur.ands ctfice and latterly in the
ofiice of the Ponces, the attorney began
to interrogate the witness as to his life
IWore his Sauwilito residence. Sylva car
ried Pence through the great cities of
Europe, all over the Eastern part of this
country and gave him a liberal education
In migratorv life. Sylva Etarted his life
in New York and at the age of 6 went to
Berlin, where he attended school until
he wap quite a young man. Latin. Greek
and the sciences were his special studies.
He went to Cambridge, to Oxford, to
Vienna, to Rome. Here he met his fate
in the shape of a wife — the memory of
whom is still heavy with bitterness. Then
he came to this country — back to his na
tive city.
Being a musician, he applied for a posi
tion with a traveling show and was suc
cessful. From one citv to another in New-
York to Ohio he acted as leader of th*»
orchestra as well as manager. Finally
he came to California and settled here.
Sylva was not bo strong in the memory
of dates and incidents in regard to his
life. He would not commit himself, and
try a? he would. Pence could not elicit
any positive Information as to actual
dates. Sylva'a remaricable memory would
not trust itself .with facts further removed
in their occurrence than a very Tew years.
The ca?e will go on at 11 a. m. to-day,
¦when the cross-examination of the Sausa
lito trickster will be continued.
POPULISTS ARE
ORGANIZING FOR
THE CAMPAIGN
State Committee to Meet in
This City on Friday,
April 13.
A. O. Perkins, president of tha Affiliated
Republican Clubs of San Francisco, ha 3
received a letter from United States Sen
ator Thomas R. Bard, under date Wash
ington, D. C, March 28, acknowledging
receipt of club resolutions. Following la
a copy of the letter:
Dear Sir: Mr. Oerberding, my manager at
Huenema, has forwarded me your com
munication of the 16th inst. In the rush
incident to my departure for this city. th«
resolutions of the Affiliated Republican
Clubs of San Francisco, adopted February
6, 1900, indorsing the action of the Legis
lature in electing me to the United States
Senate, and expressing confldence in me.
etc., was mislaid. Same has now reached
me, and I hasten to acknowledge its re
ceipt and to thank you and tha Affiliated
Republican Clubs for the resolution* of
confldence.
I hope I may fulfill the duties of tha high
office to which I have been elected with sat
isfaction to my constituents and the Re
publican party. It will always be my ef
fort to s<»rve the people to th« utmost of
my ability.
KlnJly explain to the Affiliated Republi
can Clubs my delay in acknowledging ra
celpt of the resolution, and believe ma,
yours very truly, THOMAS R. BARD.
'A lie State Central Committee of the
People's party ha 3 been called to meet In
San Frandelsco, Friday, April 13. Follow
ing Is the text of the call:
SAX FRAXCISCO. March SOt. 1900.
To the Members of the State Central Com
mittee of the People"s Party In tha Stata
of California:
You are hereby notified that hi pnrmi»nc«
ot tha request of a number of the mem
bers of said State Central Committee, and
by authority of the power vested !n m'»,
as vice chairman of said State Central Com
mittee, the chairman of said committee be
ing absent from the Ptata. I do hereby call
a meeting of th« State Central Commit
tee of the People's Party, In the State of
California, to meet at the California Hotel.
416 Bush atreet. In the city of San Fran
cisco, State of California, at 2 o'clock p. m.,
on Friday, the i3th day of April. A. D.
19C0. for the purpose of selecting delegates
to the national convention of the People's
Party, to be held in Sioux Falls, S. 0.,
on the 9th day of May. A. D. 1900, and for
tha further purpose of planning the cam
paign in this Stata, In the coming election,
and for the transaction of ruch further
business and tha determination of such
other matters as may be brought before
said committpe.
EDGAR a VAN METER,
Vice Chairman of the People'a Party Stat*
Central Committee.
GEORGE D. GILLESPIE,
Beeretary of the People's Party Stata Can
tral Commute*.
State Adjutant General W. H. Seamans.
commander-in-chlef of the Army and
Navy Republican League, and Colonel J.
Murray Bailey, adjutant general of the
league, have issued Circular No. 3, order
ing all camps to send delegates to the con
vention of the California State League of
Republican Clubs to be held at Lob An
geles, April 27-2 S.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900
Smothering
awakening at night witb a
sense ot sjfToeation, oft«a hav-
ing to sit up in b*d gasping fox
breath, or rushing to an opea .
window to pet fresh air. are
sure signs of heart dieasre.
Other signs are palpitation, ir-
regular pulse, pain lr>left 6lce;
fluttering of heart, weak or
hungry s pells, fainting ot sink-
ing ep*r!ls. swelling of feet and
ankles, etc. There is one rem-
edy for a weak or diseased
heart, which. If taken in tim«,
will completely restore it to its
natural, healthy condition. It's
Dr. Miles'
Hea?t Cttte
"My heart was weak and wcrald-
palpitxte at every little noi&e. I could
not take ar.y exercise without causing
ray heart to- pound and thtob in a-
dreadtel manner. I could not sleep
at nieht. my feet were badly s»ol!e»
and 1 began having smothering spells
so severe that I tncuf ht 1 should die
in one of them. The doctor* failed to
jive me any relief and seeing an ad-
verti'-ement of Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
I f-cnt to my druggist for a bottle »nd
began its u*e. Improveror nt began at
'ence and a a few weeks I was as well
as ever." M. F- Harm:*,
Chocu*-, Texas.
At all 4rug£i*ts en positive guarantee,
Or. Miles Mediczt Co., Elkhart, Ind.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL. PUMPS:
1/ rj f\r' II & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
ItKUuri Ing dally; 1 SO-Hp. gasoline en-
gine cheap. > Stevenson, 8. F.
CAPE NOME HOUSES FOR SALE
12x18 ft.. tiSO: 16x20 ft.. J2O«. Apply to the
HUMBOLDT LUMBER CO.. Third and
Washington sts., Oakland, Cal.
DKEDQI.NO PUiMPS.
Oil. Gasoline, Eteam Heists, Centrifugal Pumps.
EnKines&Boflers. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
DOCTOR I
MEYERS & CO. I
GIVE MEN I
Lasting Vigor!
And Cure tbe Following Ailments :
Private Diseases Lost Manhood V
Kidney Diseases Sleeplessness «
Bladder Diseases Despondency
Liver Diseases Nervous Debility
Heart Diseasss General Debility '
Spine Diseases Loss of Memory t
Stomach Diseases Blood Poison •
No Incurable Cases Taken at Any Price.
pay when cured
Patients may deposit th« prlc* of a em
in any San Fr&nclsco bank, to be paid
only after they ar* well, or may pay In
monthly Installments. Prtoaa reasonable.
No Injurious medicines used.
HOME CURES— FREE BOOK. h
Thousand* of man ar* cured at horn*
rvery year. If you cannot visit San
Francisco write for free private book,
advice, question Hit, etc Ail correspond-
ence confidential.
No printing on envelopes or pacJcaffea
to Indicate name of sender.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
73 1 MARKET ST., 9. F.
TAKE ELEVATOR.
HOURS— DaIIy. 8 to S; Evenings, 7 to I;
Sundays. » to 11.
CASH and CREDIT.
DO TOU NEEI> ANT
FURNITURE, CARPETS, Etc.?
DO TOU •VTAIST TO SATB SOME
IIONTTT
HOUSES COMPLETELLT FURNISHED.
Free delivery any town wltMa 1M
i&llea.
— O7SN EVENINGS. — ,
BRILLIANTS',
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Petweea Powell and Stockton Streets.
\ Crescent |
\ Bicydes:
I 525 and 635 |
X LEAVITT & BILL, |
X 309 Lariln Street, S. F. >
+ 20 San Pablo Aye., Oakland. X
pilP^ TODEEIUL
RUF»TURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
•Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce cave to
tbe public th» most remarkable remedy evw
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
>y tats great appliance, and thousands of ether*
ar* now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss la different from all others. It does tha
Too can ftt oar "BOOKU3T So. V by call-
Inr at the office, or It will be sent on receipt of
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
Address.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market Street (Opposite PsJace Hotel).
San Francijoo.
Eastern Office— New Tork City.
PRESCRIPTION
JL FOR WEAK WO MEN.
\\jjJ2JE3r INJECTION. £
I A PERMANENT CURE I
] 1 of the most obntinate cases of GonorriuM ?
]• and Gleet, gnar&nteed. In from 3 to 6 C
1 1 days ; no other treatment required $
• , Sold by all druggists. 5
KEW WESTER* HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STB— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 10c to Jl 50 day
$5 to IS week: *S to J2O month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire grates la a vary
room: elevator runs all night.
($ *
ST. Sp*§a&f
CAPE NOME
TRANSPOBTjmOUOMPAHIES.
NOME BEACH DIRECT!
BARKKNTINE CATHERINE SUDDEN BAILS
For freight rates' apply to th»
NOU* B E^H Ti I T OHTKR o^^XK^»-
Office: 4 California at/
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.*
U PETERSON. M4A Mission, 3. F.; communi-
cations from Inventors strtetly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for «lutce box»»;
high or lew lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market »t
BEACH OOLD CONCENTRATOR.
EAVES All the Gold by Gravitation. No Quick-
cllver. Hand or power. In operation 14 Spear.
THE Eureka 1900 beach goli saver; tha only
pan motion. 26 Beale at.
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
OntfltJ racked. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard.
tOS Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. 8. V.
LIQUORS-
VVHIQK'FV U CAHKN A SON.
TYlllOlVLl 418 Sacramento:
OILS.
LCBRTCA TTNO Otl. Crude Oil and Ga*ona*
EXBfGX A McGUFFICK. M Spear it.7s. F.
¦>::':' PLATES FOR SAVINO GOLD.
Frhaesleln A Burrldge. I Hardie plac*. off
Kearny. between Putter and Bush streets.
F. W. BEi,L. Central Plating Work*. US M!»-
slon «t.. S. F. Phone Jessie ICI.
4
AI>Vkk.TTHKM KN'PM.
nd»s. Hoiae.
101S Gusto
102G Maydlne
1013 Morel ia
10>>2 Coming Event
995 Harry Thatch
9M Ft. Anthony.,
1513 Fine Shot
1013 Summer
432 Urchin
V<:> Farsfleia
I(V>2 St. Germain..
. Car.elo
I
Weight. | St. _
,".112| 6
105! S
105 T
t 105 3
ncr 107 6
107! 2
110 10
11l 1
110 9
107 4
107 11
106112
%
2 1/
6 2
8 2
10 6
5 4
7 h
8 h
9 h
11 12
12
%__
2 H
1 1
« H
3 h
8 2
10 4
7 h
5 2
5 5
6 1
11 40
12 -
Str.
:::
Fin.
1 n
2 6
3 2
51
62
7 1
S 4
9
10
11
12
J
I Betting.
I Jockey. Op. CL
PlgKott I 2 U-5
N. Hill 5 9-2
11. Stuart 10 12
Ames •¦¦• 6 7
I. Powell t 10
Buchanan .... 6 10
Henry « t
H. Shields.... 10 15
E. Ross 15 21
Morgan 10 II
Norton 10 40
Mills 20 20
ndex^ HotM.T AgeA Weight. ISt.*?
£06 MoririKa, 5 111| 6
906 iJe Blaise. * lll| 3
606 Torslna. a 109| 4
.... MallaJcwa. 4 11l 2
1007 Chappie. 6 11l 6
1007 Bonibel. 4 lf« 7
SCO JJlcardo. a 11l 8
978 Relna de Cuba, 4... 106 1
Judge Stouffer, 6 111 11
906 Flacon. 6 118 9
lrgl Blielong, 4 108 10.
v;_
__h
2 1
5 h
1 2
3 2
75
4 2
8 2
6 4
10
9 %
Fell
%
1 1
4 2
2 2
5 2
6 1
3 4
7 3
8 4
10
9 2
6tr.
13
2 1
3 2
5 1
6 3
4 h
7 1
8 2
92
10
aFln.il Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 2 [Morgan 3 6
2 4 Henry 6 7-2
3 3 Mills 6 9
4 1 H. Shields.... 6 11-6
6 1 PigfKOtt I ' 7
6 3 I. Powell 6 20
7 6 H. Stuart 20 40
815 Alexander .... 15 15
9 6 Hyland 15 60
10 F. Ruiz 60 73
Collln 5 9
iex.? H
59 IJouni
L 9) My <-;:
21 Mount
W) Chota
10 Tekla
17 Mont
0
".
1
1
|0
au
:tr
i .
E
)rye.
,pe
psy
r-bank
v
SagfcH
Weight, |St.
1071*4'
1021 6
104 2
IJ7I 1
\Ti 3
104^
1 1
4 1
2 2
5 H
3 n
6
H
1 h
3 h
2 1
6 3
4 2
6
%
1 3
2 1
8 2
4 1
5 4
6
Sir.
1 3
24
3 1
4 Vi
5 3
6 .
Fin.
1 1
2 7
3 5
4 S
5 20
6
1 Jockey. |Op. CX
"Henry ......... 3-5 1
Ranch 5 16-5
Morgan 6 3
iMounce 6 15
N. Hi 11........ 6 8
|E. Ross 8_ 20
ni
10
I"
10
1C
10
id;
•/)!
or
so;
lex^_norse. fAg».i
|0 Scotch Plaid.
!1 Formero, 4....
10 Imperious, 6..
tl Anjou, 3
» Bathe*. 3
~5..
Telght.lSt.
.1041 1
]o<?| 4
10C 3
10l! 5
021 2
¦4
5
3 2
1 1
2 V,
4 2
M>
< 1%
3 1
1 h
2 li
&
%
4 6
2*
1 h
3 1
5
Ktr;
2 2
1 H
3 I .
4 S ¦
5
Fin.
1 1
2 6
3 5
4 8
6
. | Jockey. |Op.
Morgan 4
Buchanan .... 6
E. Ross 8-5
Henry 1
Mounce 10.
Cl.
6
. --6
_ 2
. 20
6
ndrx. Nora». Age. Weight. jSt.
(971) Peace, 4 1021 2
1021 Cormorant, 4 ..11l 1
1000) Momentum, S .......112 3
1017 Good Hope. 4 104 4 .
BSI Matt Hogan. 8 *3 6
' S3O Pat Morrlwsey, 6 107 7 '
862 Esplrando, 5 :iO7 5
_h
16
2 2
6 %
4 H
5 2
'7 .'
3 1
12
3 3
5 1
4 1
.21
6 2
7
Btr.
1 2
2 2
4 1
5 1
C 3
3U
1 6
2 1
3 1
4 1
6 1
6 8
.7
I Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
Henry I 8-5 7-:
Ames 6 9-2
PigfTOtt 4 U-J
E. Koss 6 7
Buchanan .... 15 26
Morgan 7-5 '8-5
I. Powell 12 20
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
~m Lena. 6 r.llO 1
1000 "Wyoming, a 112 6
1006 Ala*. 3 91 1
1012 Silver Tone. 4. Ms 5
1012 Lavator. 4 108 9
ICI2 Lost Girl, 6 ?.110 8
Si>? Obsidian. 4 11l 4
1016) Montanus. 4 11l 7
1019 Sorrow. 5 110 3'
1012 Caedale, 4 ...10S| Left
n
_U
4 h
6 M,
1 6
6 14
6 3
7 M
2 1
9
H__
3 1
5 1
1 5
2 1
8 3
6 h
4 h
S
7 h
i »
a 1
1 c
? 4
52
7 4
6 1
8 5
S
Str.
2 1
3 1
1 4
4 2
5 1
6 1
7 6
8 6
9
Fin. | Jockey. [Qp ci.
1 1 fE. Ross 1 8 ij>
2 h PirKOtt 4 6
3 2 Ix)gu» 4 16-6
414 Buchanan .... 8 10
5 5 Morjsan 10 2d
61' Henry 5- g
715 H. Shields.... 2 3
8 4 I. Powell 6 10
9 Basslnger .... g 20
¦ ... Ames ' 10 12
nd»s. Hoiae.
101S Gusto
102G Maydlne
1013 Morel ia
10>>2 Coming Event
995 Harry Thatch
9M Ft. Anthony.,
1513 Fine Shot
1013 Summer
432 Urchin
V<:> Farsfleia
I(V>2 St. Germain..
. Car.elo
I
Weight. | St. _
,".112| 6
105! S
105 T
t 105 3
ncr 107 6
107! 2
110 10
11l 1
110 9
107 4
107 11
106112
%
2 1/
6 2
8 2
10 6
5 4
7 h
8 h
9 h
11 12
12
%__
2 H
1 1
« H
3 h
8 2
10 4
7 h
5 2
5 5
6 1
11 40
12 -
Str.
:::
Fin.
1 n
2 6
3 2
51
62
7 1
S 4
9
10
11
12
J
I Betting.
I Jockey. Op. CL
PlgKott I 2 U-5
N. Hill 5 9-2
11. Stuart 10 12
Ames •¦¦• 6 7
I. Powell t 10
Buchanan .... 6 10
Henry « t
H. Shields.... 10 15
E. Ross 15 21
Morgan 10 II
Norton 10 40
Mills 20 20
ndex^ HotM.T AgeA Weight. ISt.*?
£06 MoririKa, 5 111| 6
906 iJe Blaise. * lll| 3
606 Torslna. a 109| 4
.... MallaJcwa. 4 11l 2
1007 Chappie. 6 11l 6
1007 Bonibel. 4 lf« 7
SCO JJlcardo. a 11l 8
978 Relna de Cuba, 4... 106 1
Judge Stouffer, 6 111 11
906 Flacon. 6 118 9
lrgl Blielong, 4 108 10.
v;_
__h
2 1
5 h
1 2
3 2
75
4 2
8 2
6 4
10
9 %
Fell
%
1 1
4 2
2 2
5 2
6 1
3 4
7 3
8 4
10
9 2
6tr.
13
2 1
3 2
5 1
6 3
4 h
7 1
8 2
92
10
aFln.il Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1 2 [Morgan 3 6
2 4 Henry 6 7-2
3 3 Mills 6 9
4 1 H. Shields.... 6 11-6
6 1 PigfKOtt I ' 7
6 3 I. Powell 6 20
7 6 H. Stuart 20 40
815 Alexander .... 15 15
9 6 Hyland 15 60
10 F. Ruiz 60 73
Collln 5 9
iex.? H
59 IJouni
L 9) My <-;:
21 Mount
W) Chota
10 Tekla
17 Mont
0
".
1
1
|0
au
:tr
i .
E
)rye.
,pe
psy
r-bank
v
SagfcH
Weight, |St.
1071*4'
1021 6
104 2
IJ7I 1
\Ti 3
104^
1 1
4 1
2 2
5 H
3 n
6
H
1 h
3 h
2 1
6 3
4 2
6
%
1 3
2 1
8 2
4 1
5 4
6
Sir.
1 3
24
3 1
4 Vi
5 3
6 .
Fin.
1 1
2 7
3 5
4 S
5 20
6
1 Jockey. |Op. CX
"Henry ......... 3-5 1
Ranch 5 16-5
Morgan 6 3
iMounce 6 15
N. Hi 11........ 6 8
|E. Ross 8_ 20
ni
10
I"
10
1C
10
id;
•/)!
or
so;
lex^_norse. fAg».i
|0 Scotch Plaid.
!1 Formero, 4....
10 Imperious, 6..
tl Anjou, 3
» Bathe*. 3
~5..
Telght.lSt.
.1041 1
]o<?| 4
10C 3
10l! 5
021 2
¦4
5
3 2
1 1
2 V,
4 2
M>
< 1%
3 1
1 h
2 li
&
%
4 6
2*
1 h
3 1
5
Ktr;
2 2
1 H
3 I .
4 S ¦
5
Fin.
1 1
2 6
3 5
4 8
6
. | Jockey. |Op.
Morgan 4
Buchanan .... 6
E. Ross 8-5
Henry 1
Mounce 10.
Cl.
6
. --6
_ 2
. 20
6
ndrx. Nora». Age. Weight. jSt.
(971) Peace, 4 1021 2
1021 Cormorant, 4 ..11l 1
1000) Momentum, S .......112 3
1017 Good Hope. 4 104 4 .
BSI Matt Hogan. 8 *3 6
' S3O Pat Morrlwsey, 6 107 7 '
862 Esplrando, 5 :iO7 5
_h
16
2 2
6 %
4 H
5 2
'7 .'
3 1
12
3 3
5 1
4 1
.21
6 2
7
Btr.
1 2
2 2
4 1
5 1
C 3
3U
1 6
2 1
3 1
4 1
6 1
6 8
.7
I Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
Henry I 8-5 7-:
Ames 6 9-2
PigfTOtt 4 U-J
E. Koss 6 7
Buchanan .... 15 26
Morgan 7-5 '8-5
I. Powell 12 20
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
~m Lena. 6 r.llO 1
1000 "Wyoming, a 112 6
1006 Ala*. 3 91 1
1012 Silver Tone. 4. Ms 5
1012 Lavator. 4 108 9
ICI2 Lost Girl, 6 ?.110 8
Si>? Obsidian. 4 11l 4
1016) Montanus. 4 11l 7
1019 Sorrow. 5 110 3'
1012 Caedale, 4 ...10S| Left
n
_U
4 h
6 M,
1 6
6 14
6 3
7 M
2 1
9
H__
3 1
5 1
1 5
2 1
8 3
6 h
4 h
S
7 h
i »
a 1
1 c
? 4
52
7 4
6 1
8 5
S
Str.
2 1
3 1
1 4
4 2
5 1
6 1
7 6
8 6
9
Fin. | Jockey. [Qp ci.
1 1 fE. Ross 1 8 ij>
2 h PirKOtt 4 6
3 2 Ix)gu» 4 16-6
414 Buchanan .... 8 10
5 5 Morjsan 10 2d
61' Henry 5- g
715 H. Shields.... 2 3
8 4 I. Powell 6 10
9 Basslnger .... g 20
¦ ... Ames ' 10 12I'KIMTtN I.
v c rrrrHpN printer.
MATICNET AS'J PWINTI"*.
"ti-eraptij |'*PTDfnGP 2v* California
C«l^m. IAKIKIIiUC street.
MITE ASH STEASI COAL. ft^Slig
lJiialuX^ (.UAL, MIXING CO. at Its OHEEN
I(!VKh COLLIKKIKS. Jt» ihe Il*--t Coal la ta»
» -kj»i-t. Ut&cc sxuC Yard*— iJO Ma:n street.
ESTATES, LEGACIES AND UN-
CLAIMED MONEY
IN
ENGLAND, SCOTLAND op
IRELAND.
SEARCHES BY EXPERTS-BEST LEGAL
AJJVICE.
If you have a bona flde claim to an Estate
In the Old Country, or to a fund In Chancery,
or to a L««acy which you wi»h to recover,
write <flve-c«rit starrp) to THE ESTATES
REALIZATION COMPANY. T and S Great
Winchester Stiwt. E. C. LONDON. ENG-
LAND. (E.xtahlishwl 1S:«.)
This advertisement will net appear *c*ln.
£visv OR- JORDAN'S great^
}si!SEUM of aaflToayd
\ Of The L>rj«-if Anatomical Miweinn in the \
A _Tjy i Wond. »eiint'-n» eiint'-n v* mv c<r.;««c:?d^
Tj BIS 53 S bpseialiitcaiaw Coast. EsL;6jau« 5P
A &&&/& C 3. 3JVATE OISEASES 4
\ »*?^*^3 Coawltaticn fr»^ and ttri-rly pnraw \
Vrl <y tjS Q i"»«.n«« CW«m every case nmiirtak en. \
A3 7 li &• u 'r:te for Book, rcauiurui «r A
Y1 ;j i T « HAnaiAtiE. M<lLia FKBS. |Af
k it H »aii»iUe booh (cf onj \
9DR JUBDAX & CO.. MS' Market St. a F. 9
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prico Lists Mali 3 1
en Application.
COAL. COXH AND PI3 IROX
T C V M SflV *f ft V * B * lteT T Street.
••W n iLJUtI U WU-. Tflrphon- Main IS«4
COPPERSMITH.
J<-*EPH POX. fiurt. H. BLTTH, M»T.
CU' Hh: P PiurnblnK. Steamboat
• IT- w.'il I tl- and Ship Work a Specialty. 18
• r.o IS Wash;nirtcn R. Telephone Main M4L
FRESH ANJ SALT MEATS. ' |
'A^ FftYF^irff)* Shlpplne Butcher*. 1M
,A> bUlLjaiU'. C!,f. Tel. Main 5234.
F>APE« CEALFR3.
WIT T iWFTTP l ' VL * ANI> PAPER CO..
\) ILL A.IICI IE -j Mantrora^rr »t.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Itrong; Asaertlons aa to Jn«t 'WTiM
the nemedle* Will D«.
Mnnyoa pxm&taes
/ *f3*»Tiisv^^ Cur# wia cura nearly
Jgs=£fi*«*jV£VH aU cue* of rieuma-
K&ZT* ***~* e^6&&3> tlsia In a few tours;
J3y V^S ta *t b!s Pyspeps!* Can*
Ya W#Sm *¦ lil cere lnd!ge»tlon and
233 „ >*^Joy aU itoaarh troublra:
Y9 S*V*rrSt>jsr that &!• K!^cey <^ro
i' "?* w*£j' "^ cvr * •** p er c(>ni -
•V m**mJtstnS •' a 'l cases of t:--a"y
\ - G "**s£ trouble; tiiat bla Ca-
\^f" MBjßjff tirrh Cnr» will cure
jfv t **^ s s-lj~f>>. catarrh no matter how
f*ffiffct > Z**'ry*s*^. lons ttandlnr; that his
glJl^BgJgiiUMCrW Headache Cbre will cure
V[l | fjrr *nj kind of headache la
1 ! I ¦ a few minute*; that
• hla Cold Cure will
quickly break np any
fern of cold aad ao oa through the entire Uit of
ien«!i'M. At all <!rogs!sts. 23 cents a vial.
If jou need mxllral advice write Prof. Mus/on,
IM6 Aicn at.. Pblla. It Is a&solutelj free.
REAR ADMIRAL
WALKER BACK
FROM PANAMA
Collection of Data Regarding
Canal Construction
Completed.
Report Will Not Be in Bsadiness to
Be Handed to the President
Before Next Decem
ber.
>
NEW YORK. April 3.— The Canal Com
missioners, Rear Admiral Walker, Samuel
Pasco, Colonel Ernst and Emery H. John
son, were passengers on the Atlas line
steamer Allegheny, which arrived to-day
from Central America. Rear Admiral
Walker said:
"We have completed our portion of the
work of Investigating the possibilities of
both the Panama and Nicaragua routes.
We have spent three months in the bush
and have collected a great mass of data,
which we will put Into shape for our re
port to be handed in to the President next
December. Nothing can be said on the
subject that would give the public a clear
Idea until this data nas been arranged and
is put into shape."
Admiral Walker was asked whether the
commission favored a fortified canal. He
replied that he could not enter Into thav
suoject.
"Our duty will be to state the facts and
to present to Congress the result of our
survey and work. Both routes have their
advantages and these will be set forth."
The admiral added: "Every where we
were well received and entertained. The
sentiment of the people is for the United
Canal Company Organized.
TRENTON, N. J., April 3.— The Inter
oceanic Canal Company was Incorporated
to-day with an authorized capital of $100,-
OOO.OOw to construct, own and operate a
maritime canal between the Atlantic and
Pacific oceans in the territory of Nicara
gua or any other territory in Central or
South America. The incorporators are
William B. Crowell. Lev! B. Gllchrist,
James M. Rooney, James K. Traynor,
George W. Bell, Charles P. Cadley ana
Richard W. Purcell, all of whose postof
tlce addresses are given as Jersey City.
The incidental powers conferred on the
company under Its articles of incorpora
tion are the right to acquire concessions
from any Government to construct, own
and operate railroads, telegraph, tele
phone, cable and steamship lines, to sup
ply water to towns for irrigation, motive
power and other purposes. It is also pro
vided that any Government while a stock
holder of the company may have the priv
ilege of naming a director or directors. It
is further provided that the annual meet
ing of the company shall he held In Jer
sey City on the tlrst Tuesday In May. The
directors are empowered to fix the amount
of working capital, to issue bonds and
mortgages and to determine when and
under what conditions the books of the
company shall be opened for inspection.
Five directors are provided for. and those
in office may at any time Increase or de
crease this number and may appoint an
executive committee of three or iripre
with whatever power the board of direc~
tors may confer upon It.
anti-expansion, anti-trusts, a briefer ref-
erence to silver and a plea for the Income
tax. His reception here to-day, although
marked by large crowds, was anything
but an ovation.
Prices This Week %
Groceries— Ll quo rs%
Corn and Succotash— Fancy-5
Maine, the very be3t that money can,*
buy; tin 9c*
Hams— Best Eastern ; lb I3o*
Sugar— Best Dry Granulated. notwith-Vj
standing the advance.. .2o lbs* $11%
Babbitt's Eost Soap-1 bar*...-*
25r\\
YihltO Figs— California. 3 pkg3 *
?...25c5
Lard— B^st Omaha, 3-lb tins 3Oc*
' Washing Soda -25 lbs 25cH
Imp or todSardincs — Regular!? *
2 for 25c ; tin -lOc%
Scotch Whiskey — Very o'd;*
(William Williams), regularly 51.23-*
bottle 99c >x
Raspberry Syrup— First quality,/*
bottle 32c \
Zinfandol Clarot-Our 6-year-;,
old 75c quality, per gallon ~48c1%
Hanetkerch'fs \
200 doz3n lace- £»/ . < \ \, N . jr
trimmed hem- /; /£ ; >^\\ *
stitched sheer / ./ , : £ v» \ V 5
lawn Handker- AY" ;'f % \ X
chiefs, regniar ">' ** PV *5
value SJq each £ \ \&£r *
—on special AJ£ y 'v^ X
sale to-day only v*-" '*••¦•••*'"<<& "2
each '..4c %W '2
Rotund*- «
Lace 5c Yd. %
A special sa!e for this day only of ma-'J
I chine-made Linen Torchon Laces (in-^i
sertions or edgings), perfect goods, in-*
a larga variety of patterns, regular"?
pr:ce3, Sic, 10c and 12£c — 2000 yarda^
oa Wednesday — per yard SO*
CITIZENS DENOUNCE
KIM YUEY'S ABDUCTION
Attorney Herrington Creates a Sensa
tion by Producing the Woman
at a Mass Meeting.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
his partnership business to Herrington.
Among the effects was the contract. He
Jeclared he had no knowledge of the
Palo Alto outrage until he read of It in
newspapers.
The Supervisors to-day cited Justice
Dy^r to appear before them to-morrow
morning to show cause why he should
not be removed from office.
ONE OF KIM YUEY'S
KIDNAPERS ARRESTED
FAN JOSE, April 3.-The largest demon-,
etration In the history of this city was
held here to-r.iglit to condemn the out
rapt' perpetrated on Ml^s Cameron at
Palo Alto Friday Right by Justice Dyer,
Constables Harris and Dunsmore and At
torney Herrington and the spiriting away j
of the Chinese girl, Kirn Yuey. Three |
thousand people v.ere present and Turn j
Vereln Hall was packed to overflowing, j
Many were even unable to obtain stand- j
ing room. It was a most sensational
Gathering. Cclonel A. K. Whltton pre
elded and T. O. Smith acted as 6ecretary. [
On the stage were a number of the most I
prominent ladies ar.d gentlemen in this i
city and the vast audience was evenly {
divided between the sexes. A delegation j
cf eeveraJ hundred v.ere present from |
Stanford, about one-half of whom were
students, heeded by Professor Brun and
ethers of the faculty.
The sensational features were the
epeech by Attorney Herrlngton and the
production of Kirn Yuey. the kidnaped
firl. and v. Chines© pvrporUv.g to be her
usband. Ilerrlngton was greeted with
Jeors and hisses.
Kx-lioss Jim Rea broke In upon the
meeting and tried to turn It into political
fcigr.iticance. declaring the whole matter
a political move. He was hissed as he
retired.
J. H. Patton was the first speak-r. He
stated briefly the object of the meeting.
Miss Cameron, superintendent of the
Presbyterian Chinese Mission in San
Francisco, then related her adventures at
Palo Alto. Mr. Wclgle. counsel for M.ss
« ii.rr.eron, contirmed h*>r statements, rro-
lessor Brun mad* a t'lrrlr.p address.
Chairman Whltton then asked that any
one connected with the Palo Alto affair
come forward and make explanation.
Here an unlooked for sensats#n was
sprang. B. A. Herrington. ex-Dismct
Attorney, surged forward and mace an
Jmpass:6r.e<? eyfech. He said to every
question there were two sides, and asked
that judgment be reserved untM both
sid^s had been heard. As there were ru
mors of a public prosecution he would
only speai in a general way of the mat
ter. He refuted the arjr^aient that the
Chinese woman had abducted for
Immoral purposes. He claimed she was
forcibly taken to her home, and she was
row the wife of a prominent Chinese
xuerchant. On the promise from the au
clir.ee that the Chinese couple would not
c-»» molested they were produced upon the
ptage. A posse of officers accompanied
th.-m. As no interpreter was present they
were not questioned. Herrincton would
not answer many queries put to him and
was roundly hissed.
Judge Lewis followed. He scored Her
rir:jrton unmercifully and said no defense
irai presented. The following resolutions
Were then adopted:
Tb«* ciUzens of San Jcse In masi meetlnr a»
frcn:oW denounce the recent outrage committed
at I aio Alto by ofticials cf Santa Clara County
ir; th° name <t the law upon Mlfs Cameron of
Uw ITet-byterlan Mission of San Francltco and
B Cbioese woman in her charsre.
\v. admire the fearles?. heroic and womanly
action rt Mifs Cameron in her effrts to prevent
:: i bdactioa of her ward, which was accom-
j li.-hM ur.d^r guise of the !»w.
We moM earnfst'.j" commend the action of the
;.. : Pal i Alto In their determination to
1.-irig- to justice the jrullty parties, and in the
prot^cntloa of such offenders we pledre to the
cuzen* of l'alo Alto our moral support and
We rejoin at the prompt action of th<- rresl
<!.:.ts r{ Stanf«-rtS fnJraslty *nd the Univer
sity of California tn their denunciation of the
r.utrajjr ar.'i In their demand that the guilty
iwtiefl b» brourht to Ju«tie<".
And we now dwiare that the time has come
when :t :.« the duty of every man and woman
within <->ur county' who ha? any regard for
Iran t:; rlsMc and public decency to take such
.-. •. !¦ ri as -v;!l not only secure the punishment
Of ofrer.derr, but will In the future pr»
v«t lerurrence of such *rroes outraxes within
our borders.
City Justice O'Neal, when questioned in
r«>:rtrd to the contract found on Wons
For. p. denied ar.y knowledge of It. He
said that on November 25. 1853. he and
Herrington entered into a contract with
tho Wongs to do thfir law work for JI.VJ
a month, the period not to exceed one
year. When he became City Justice a
couple of month? ago he turned over all
! Wong Fong Cleverly Trapped on the
Arrival of the Train From
San Jose.
Wong Fong, one of the two kidnapers of
the Chinese £lrl, Kirn Yuey, whose extra
ordinary treatment by Justice of the
Peace E. G. Dyer and others has aroused
such a strong feeling of Indignation
: among the residents of Palo Alto, was ar
' rested here yesterday morning and late In
: the afternoon was taken to Mayfleld,
Santa Clara County, to stand his trial.
Miss D. M. Cameron of the Chinese
Presbyterian Mission on Sacramento
' street, from whose custody the girl was
\ forcibly taken early last Friday morning
at l'alo Alto, received a telephone mes
sage yesterday morning from B. F. Hall,
druggist, Palo Alto, that one of the kid
napers had passed through on the train
Ito this city. She Immediately left the
j mission for Third and Townsend streets
;to await the arrival of the train. There
she met Policeman O'Connor and asked
his assistance in arresting the Mongolian.
; Two Chinese stepped off the train and
j both were placed under arrest by O'Con
' nor and taken to police headquarters.
; Miss Cameron had no hesitation in recog
nizing Wong Fong. The other Chinese
was set at liberty, as he proved conclu
sively that he had nothing to do with the
! kidnaping.
When Wong Fong was searched an un
j signed contract was found in his pockei
f which strengthened Miss Cameron's lden-
I titication. Wong Fong admitted to Chief
| Sullivan that he had brought the contract
i from San Jose to be signed by members
jof the Wong family. The contract reads
! as follows:
SAN JOSE. CaJ.. April 2. 1900.
IJ7S— AVe or either of us promise to pay B. A.
Harrington or order KO on the date hereof, $100
within ten days from the date hereof; also an
additional JI2J within thirty days from date
i hereof. We alsj agree to pay a reasonable
counsel f*e In the event of a suit to enforce
j the above payments. In consideration hereof.
and uj>on the flnal layinent of said sum, paid
R. A. Herrlngton agrees to cancel ami annul
and to return to the Wor.g family that certain
contract of f-mployment made upon the ZStb
j day of November, lii-9, by said Wong family
j with nald Ht-rrincton and Louis O'Neal; and
j said Herrir.Ktrn further agrees to use his best
abilities in all matters now pending In Panta
Clara County wherein any member of the Won*?
family is a party Interested — especially In the
cases of the People vs. Wong Goon. Wong
Quonir. Wong Hlng. Wong You, Wong Chee
and V'onz Fon^.
The importance of the discovery of the
contract lies In the fact that Miss Came
ron made a f=tatem*>nt that she felt con
vinced that ex-District Attorney Herring
ton was connected with the case when
Juftico of the Peace Dyer held court at
2 o'clock in the morning and handed over
the kidnaped girl to the two Chinese.
Wong Fong df~clined to make any state
ment in connection with his arrest. He is
I a shrewd Mongolian and seemed to know
a thing or two about law. He told Chief
Sullivan that h<> was an interpreter. The
Chief Font for Sergeant Mahoney of the
Chinatown sfjuad. and Mahoney knew him
at once. He was one of the four Chinese
rocommonded by the Chinese C°nsul as
detectives to assist the police in suppress
ir.jr highbinders, which fact, taken in con-
Junction with recent developments, has
somewhat ptagpered the Chief. He re
marked thnt if that was the class of men
recommended to assist in the detection of
i crime he wanted none of them. He had
| been ser-n around thf City Prison fre
j QUently while the Chinese highbinders
I and murderers were there.
Chief Sullivan notified the Palo Alto
! authorities of Wong Fong's arrest, and
late yesterday afternoon Deputy Sherift
W. E. Brownell of Mayfteld arrived with
a warrant issued by Justice of the Peace
C Van Buren of that town and sworn to
by B. F. Hail, charging Wong Fong with
kidnaping. He was promptly handed over
to the custody of th* deputy s.hpriff, who
at once left with him for Mayfield.
A flrst-class family hotel. The Bradbury. Ex-
cellent cuisine. IGO4 California st.. cor. Polk. •
BRYAN WORN OUT.
Made So Many Speches That He Can
Scarcely Talk Now.
TACOMA. April 3.— Bryan made three
speeches to-day, one at Olympia In the
morning and two here. In the afternoon
he addressed SOX) people In' the new Wig
wam, and in the evening the building,
with a capacity of 10.0C0. was taxed. He
leaves to-night for Oregon, speaking to
morrow at McMlnnvllle. Hlll?borough and
Portland. Three days In California after
the Oregon visit will end the coast tour.
Colonel Bryan Is almost worn out by
his recent canvass of the State. When
seen at the conclusion of his speech to
night he could hardly articulate. His
theme throughout the State has been
WIFE SHOOTS HUSBAND
FOR STAYING OUT LATE
Means Adopted by Mrs. Ed Danforth
to Cause Her Better Half to
Come Home Early.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 3.— Ed Danforth,
one year married, lies at his home on O
street suffering: from a bullet wound in
the leg. The other night Danforth stayed
out somewhat later than a newly married
man should and, although he telephoned
to a neighbor to tell his wife he would be
home soon, Mrs. Danforth deemed the
moment had arrived to assert her claims.
So she met her husband at the corner of
the block with revolver In hand and took
a shot at him.
Neighbors say that as Danforth limped
home he was hoard to plead to his wife
not to flro again. Mrs. Danforth agreed
to the armistice and to-day everything
appeared to.be peaceful In the household,
the wife serving her repentant husband
with toast and poached egsrs. The couple
nre nuite, young and Danforth Is an in
dustrious mechanic at the railroad shops.
To Represent China.
PEKING, April 3.— Knie Chrun and
Kuan Chang, members of the Tsung LI
Yamen (Chinese Foreign Office), have
been named as Ministers to London and
St. Petersburg respectively.
RUSSIA AND JAPAN
NOT LIKELY TO WAR
Humors of Strained Relations Said to
Be Circulated in the Interest
of England.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— There is a dis
position at the Russian Embassy to ac
cept with great reserve the report of pros
pective trouble between Russia and Japan
over Korea. Russian Embassador Casslni
informed me to-day that his communica
tion dlrectlv from Tokio respecting the
feeling in Japan Is entirely at variance
with that published In the press reports.
Russia .Is scrupulously observing the
terms '-of the agreement made with the
Japanese Government In relation to Korea
and has no Intention of precipitating war.
In other quarters there seems to be an
Impression that the reports In circulation
respecting prospective trouble between
Russia and Japan over Korea are Invented
by persons friendly to the English Gov
ernment for the purpose of distracting
general attention from South Africa.
Great Britain will naturally be benefited.
It Is said. If the world should concentrate
Its gaze upon the East rather than upon
South Africa.
So far as Japan Is concerned. It Is said,
she. Is not in a condition at this time to
go to war with Russia. With respect to
the assembling of the Japanese fleet at
Kobe, It Is reiterated that arrangements
for Its concentration were perfected
months ago and that there Is no warlike
purpose underlying the movement.
» ,
TRIED TO KILL ANOTHER
BUT SHOT HIMSELF
While Scuffling With His Intended
Victim, William Flood's Pistol
Is Discharged.
Special Dlsoatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 3.— William E.
Flood lies dead from the effects of a shot
which he intended for another. This after
noon he entered the Banquet cafe on*K
street, near Fourth, and insulted a dish
washer In the place named . William
Brauch. The latter resented the insult,
whereupon Flood drew a revolver and
shot Brauch through the thigh. In the
ecuffie which ensued Flood again dis
charged the weapon, but instead of the
shpt hitting his adversary It struck hlm
seTf. It was supposed that Flood had re
ceived only a scratch wound and he was
apparently in no pain as he walked to the
ambulance wagon. At the hospital, how
ever, it was discovered that he had been
shot In such a manner as to require an
operation. This was performed this even
ing and from its effects Flood died.
Brauch will recover.
Petaluma Fisherman Held.
PETALUM— April 3.— Deputy Fish and
Game Commissioner Kelly of this city
made his first arrest to-day. Augustine
Ghlo, a San Francisco fisherman, was ar
rested and charged with Illegal fishing.
He had stretched his nets entirely across
the creek at the Twin Houses, below this
city. When captured the fisherman had
a number of striped bass In his posses
sion. He was released on bonds in the
sum of $200.
DRUNKENNESS GIVEN AS
THE CAUSE OF INSANITY
Surgeon General Sternberg Accounts
for the Mental Derangement
of Soldiers.
tpeclal Dispatch tr> The Call.
WASHINGTON. ApriI 3.— "But two hun
dred and forty Insane soldiers, sailors and
marine hospital service employes have
been committed to the asylum since the
commencement of the war with Spain.
Not more than Fixty of these have come
from the Philippines."
This statement was made to-night by
Dr. A. B. Richardson, superintendent of
the Government Hospital for the insane.
"The cases from the Philippines have
arisen," he continued, "from heat exhaus
tion. Thore from Cuba "were due to at
tacks of fever. Most of the Philippine
patients have recovered and have been
discharged. There are now about 100 mili
tary* patients in the hospital."
Officials of the War and Navy depart-
ments say that the percentage of suicides
Is not very large when the number of
men who have'been in service since May
1, 180S, Is considered. It is further stated
that it is erroneous to say that the aver
age number of suicides is three each
week. Under date of March 12, General
Otis reported the suicide of an enlisted
man on February 22; another enlisted man
on March 6 and an officer on March 9.
This is said to be unusual.
Surgeon General Sternberg states that
much of the Insanity is due to alcoholism
and homesickness. In the enlistment of
such a large army, a great many persons
of an undesirable character were accept
ed and it is this class which has been
drinking to excess, notwithstanding the
warning of medical officers. Climatic
conditions also have acted adversely upon
mem—m ore so, It is said, because of the
drunKenness which has occurred.
HITCHCOCK ACCEPTS
DAVIS' RESIGNATION
Secretary of the Interior Declines to
Make Public the Attending
Correspondence.
WASHINGTON*. April 3.— The resig
nation of Webster Davis, Assistant Sec
retary of the Interior, was accepted to
day by Secretary Hitchcock by direction
of the President. The resignation, it Is
understood, was sent directly to the Presi
dent by Mr. Davis, hut was referred to the
Secretary of the Interior to be accepteo.
by him In the reprular course.
Secretary Hitchcock declined to say
anything in regard to the resignation. He J
beliovi'd that th« statements made by Mr. i
Davis fully covered the case. The Secre- j
tary refusal to make public the text of i
thf letter of rrsignution or that of the ac
ceptance of It. j
Prominent Citizen Dies.
SALINAS, April 3.— James Blonqucst,
ore of the most Influential and wealthy
men of Monterey County, died at his home
In Jam<^burg to-day after a short illness.
Deceased had beon a resident of this
county many years. He leaves a family
to mourn his less.
Presbytery in Session.
SAMXAP. April 3.— The San Jose Dis
trict Presbytery convened here to-night.
Forty delcgatps are already here and
more are to arrive. Much business of im
portance Is to be transacted. The min
isters will conclude the session on Thurs
day. -
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I not only feel that It !s my duty but
a real pleasure to tell all the sick and
FulterJng what K'ectxozone has done for
m«?. For thirty years I suffered with
rheumatism. Ftnmach trouble and the
countless Ills that human flesh Is heir to,
and can say that after taking three bot-
tles of Electroz'ine I was like a new per-
ron — so much so that friends say I look
ten years younger than when I began
taking Electrozone. I am 00 years old
and will be plad at any time to say a
warm word of praise to any Inqnlry. With
best wishes. MRS C. S. TAYLOR.
1732 First aye., Seattle.
January 27. 1500.
INSIST ON ELECTROZONE
PREPARATIONS— at all Drugstores.
Free Sample at 233 Kearny St
SATURDAY, April 7.
Price cf Electrozone §1.00 bottle
ELECTROZONE!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For the Genuine: take no other, not
even an imitation, but get my
GUARANTEED ON A $5000 BOND
to be the original. U. S. patented San-
den Belt, and having a world-wide rec-
ord as the grandest remedy for RHEU-
MATISM, KIDNEY TROUBLE and
all pains and all \veaknes3 of man and
woman. I am now selling these famous
Belts at Half Price. Call and see them
and test them, or send for prices and
Dr. Sanden's book, "Three Classes of
Men." It is mailed free. Address
DR. S. S. HALL,
702 MARKET ST., ROOM 3.
SAN FBAIi CISCO.
PECK PROTESTS
TO THE FRENCH
Turkish Pavilion Obstructs View
of the American Building at
the Paris Fair.
PARIS, April 3.— Now that the exposi
tion buildings are practically completed
it is found that the tower of the Turkish
pavilion will so obstruct the view of the
adjoining American national pavilion that
Commissioner Peck has deemed it imper
ative to make another strong effort to
secure its removal. He has, therefore,
written a vigorously worded protest to
the director general of the exposition, in
which he says the Turkish pavilion will
seriously impair "not only our own build
ing, in which we take great pride, but
the effect of the vrhole embankment of
the Seine, on which are erected the pa
vilions of other nations."
Mr. Peck added: "I am satisfied you
have been led by pressure of matter upon
you to hastily sign an agreement which
permits so comparatively unimportant a
nation to seriously injure the building
of such a great nation as the United
States." 'ii _
The United States Embassador, General
Horace Porter, is seconding the Commis
sioner's efforts, and it is hoped that
such modifications of the Ottoman pavil
ion will be secured as to allow the Ameri
can building to be properly viewed from
the Pont dcs Invalldes and from the river
Regarding the Sunday opening question.
Commissioner Peck has received a peti
tion signed by a mass of American ex
hibitors in the engineering and machinery
section, which Is situated In the park of
Vlncennes, requesting permission to re
main open on Sundays, Sunday being the
omy day in the weeK on, which they ex
pect a large attendance, owing to the
park being out of the way for most of the
Parisians. They, therefore, wish to show
the machinery in motion that day. .
Commissioner Peck has decided to close
the national pavilion on Sunday.
Not Beady for the Opening.
Although it is less than a fortnight from
the date of the opening of the exposition,
the grounds are covered with fragments
of woodwork, stones and other rubbish,
and the authorities have alighted upon a
novel scavengering scheme. The Minis
ter of War Is to send 10.000 soldiers, who
are now being drilled for the purpose, to
sweep like an army through the grounds
and buildings on April 12, for the purposo
of clearing up all tne deDrls.
The state of unpreparedness of the ex
position was brought up in the Chamber
of Deputies this afternoon, when M. Gus
tav Chapuis, Radical Republican, intro
duced a resolution inviting the Govern
ment to postpone the opening. He said
that in view of the present state of the
works the inauguration on April 14 was
"simply a bait to draw provincials and
foreigners to see palaces which would not
be ready until a month later."
The Minister of Commerce, M. Miller
and, replied that the organizers had met
with all sorts of difficulties which had de
terred the progress of tne work. Never
theless, he added, no exposition had ever
been so ready as this one -at a similar
period. Continuing, M. Mlllerand said:
"I affirm that on the evening of the 13th
all the palaces will be ready and that the
majority of the exhibits also will be
ready. The inauguration has been de
creed for April 14, and France cannot
at this hour witndraw from its signed
engagements. The Invitations have been
sen', out and It would not be understood
why the exposition, which is ready,
should not be opened and on April 14."
M Mlllerand's statement elicited loud
applause from the Socialists and Radicals
and the resolution of M. Chapuls was re
jected by a vote of 557 to SS.
Sunday Closing Unlikely.
LONDON. April 3.— ln the House of
Lord to-day Lord Kinnaird asked the
Government to support the United States
in the closing of exhibits on Sunda.«s at
the Paris Exposition. The Premier. Lord
Salisbury, replied that the Government
was fully aware of the . feeling In the
matter, but had no shadow of authority
to deal with the subject. It was entirely
a question for the authorities of the ex
position. Their objection to shutting cer
tain shops on Sunday was that the gen
eral appearance ' of the exhibition would
thereby be seriously Injured and they did
not think themselves Justified In adopting
the suggestion. Opinions of the most di
verse character were entertained on the
subject, the Premier continued, but in
jfrance the opinions generally were not
precisely in accord with those of Lord
Kinnaird. The Government had done
what was possible In making representa
tions on the subject to the Exhibition
Commissioners.
Send for the WMHgr RAABrfe4feßfeßH WXWM Half P "- Cc f ° r
Out P* Gol«afc2nlfcußel&auu&2avr > . ™ Bulletin ready
Saturday. California's largest-America's grandest store. Saturday.
Boys' s3*9s $& j® IS
2- piece Suits ****\\ZuO%9
New Oxford Gray Vicunas, strictly all
wool, tastefully made in the new
spring styles, for ages 8 to 15 years —
Children's $3.95 Blouse Suits for. s2*9s
Children's $2.95 Vestee Suits tor.sl 95
4Oc Wash
Fabrics 18c*
For Wednesday Special Sale we have
selected in our Wash Goods Depart-
ment about 1000 yard 3 of fine checked
and striped Dimities, white, colored
and black dotted Swisses, English Cam-
bric, etc. These are all new, styluh
goods, but only small lots of each kind.
Their values range from 2-3 c to 40c a
yard — your choice for thi3 day 0n1y. ...
180
*| 15,000 Renown I
*| 5c Cigars on I
fe:| sale this week to
*| only — 2 for sc; I
|| iO for 25c. I
| Carpets.
•[Specials for Wednesday and
j»* Thursday Only.
J'Tapestry Brussels, new patterns, yard
a? 400
% Best grade Tapestry, yard 750
J'Lowell Body Brussels, yard $1.10
•."Wilton Velvet Carpets, yard QOo
I Furniture.
for .Wednesday and
Thursday Only.
; Thursday Only.
Couch — Full spring edge, extra qual-
! ity velours, new design, worth $13.50
¦ —for two day 3 $8*75
Parlor Suite — Mahogany finish, 3
\ pieces, upholstered in brocatel, damask
orvelour, worth $22.50 — special
$15.75
Bedroom Set— Solid oak, 7 pieces,
24x30 inch beveled mirror, worth $33
— special for two days $26*25
Folding Bods—Solid oak, have
18x40 beveled plate mirror, worth $40
— special two days $30*75
Sideboard — Solid oak, 18x40
French plate mirror, worth $50 — spe-
cial for two days only $35. 00
Brass Bed— Handsome new pat-
terns, all solid brass, actual value $25
— special for two day 3 $15*25
Two carloads of ttrx Parlor Furnitun
just received — lots of pretty odd pieces.
Call and see them.
Men's Hats, 4^'S £&£&
worth up to Q& B m €9C*
$4- -to oloso..-
Men's Stiff and Soft Hats— the stiff hats
in black, light and dark browns and
contrasts — the soft hats in pear!,
black, brown, cedar and contrasts —
all of them desirable shapes, but the
Bizo3 in some lots are broken — we have
your size in som9 one of them — our
regular prices were $2.45, $2.85,
$2.95, $3.45 and $4— your choice this
week at $I*BB
15° Linings WW c *
On special sale to-day (Wednesday) only,]*
23 pieces of Black Brocaded and]*
Striped Skirt Lining, assorted patterns,.*
width 33 inches, a good quality of Jj
cloth, regularly 15c a yard, at one-ji
third off — per yard lOc*
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
3 "
iCurtain Ends.
aY
5 We have bought another fair-sized lot of
tf Curtain Ends from the manufacturers,
*L 450 pieces in all, varying from Ito 2
J yards in length and from 36 to 60
j,* inches in width, suitable for basement
& windows, sash curtains, etc., and place
£ them on special Bale for this day only,
%* at prices way below their actual worth
J 15 o to 50c each.
j: Dark Room
iLanterns 75c.
A
j^ — g^ To-day only we are
9> v^^N^SK £°' ln & to sell the Red
** y^^nA» Light $1 Dark Room
\?/[(t\_J}/j& ~^Jk Lanterns, a well
% \%. made and durable
atf =:^K^ - : JE J// o '' Intern with both
*»" x\&)"^ '%¦ v oran ? e an^ ru by
k> S3^»S2cj g'ass-eat the very
•J d§Zr^ <^3|L special price, each..
» Camera DeDt. —
ft Second Floor.
IWWlWW'.l^lM',*^^
$f. 75
§B§ps /+fy&\
$1.25. mm
Babies' L<n<: Slip of //£* / / " (jl
fine nainsook, beau- vifft >¦' ' ''\h,
tif ally finished, f/f / •] W
tucked yoke, with fjj ' Li I J|] 1 ,
hand work and en- /. / • . j \
broidery, regularly /^/--.^Ji
Jl.7s— 3pecia! to-" /:' > IOTTiI
dayon'y... $I.2S LLu \ _}
Infants' Department— xA^jv^
Second Flcor.
To-Day's Special Money-Saving Sales*
Manufacturers' Short Lots.
Ths Largest and Most important Spring
Sale of Men's Clothing, Hats and
Furnishings, Continues.
An offering of Broken or Short Lots o*
new spring goods from various manufacturers
vJ^y^L 0' fi Qe Clothing, Furnishings, etc , to which
i ; {{**^*\ &~ E\ we have added a!l of our own short lots ia
' : lav^^l M. these line 3 and reduced tha prices tD these
tfjPk. I : ) \ «SW I Q-^^^^-y astonishingly low figures —
LA Stsand m q}3(Um fO
fPE 2° Bt y les Imported $20.00 Worsteds, Cas-
V^ Jjj!r~— simeres and Vienna Suits in every fashionable
/^O(^^^pfJ^^^plJ color from plain black to the rao3t pro-
(S.( S. yy/t''''' :i: ii'''' : ''''^!' : |'^ /^P^ nounced stripes and plaids.
30 styles $15.00 all-wool Suits in Wor-
Hwii ii;!:. l i»''M||is}^ steds, Cassimeres and Cheviots, neat effects
(;:•••; •|i'|jii!!||i;|'ii!'« l "i in stripes and plaids.
ti-i:Hii|iilij:jjj!H!j!ij 10 styles $12.50 Casaimere and Cheviot
||S:\T::;jJ!::!7 Suits, light and dark shades in nobby mix-
H '^- :l::>;S:i tnres.
Men's Unlaundered Whita Shirta. ...3oo
Men's Laundered White Shirts 430
Men's Fieece Lined Underwear 380
Men's Natural Gray Underwear 360
Men's Fancy Striped Hose, 2 pairs. ,250
Men's Goat Working Glove 3, p&\r...250
Men's Blue, Green or Garnet Sweaters
810
Men' 3 Flannelette Night Shirt 3 37c
Boys' 50c K. & E. Unlaundered Waist3 —
330
fwmOses
12,2 C.
Spring season Roses,
3 in a bunch, in all
the new coloring? —
reds, pink, royal
blues and Jacque-
minot — regn 1 a r l y
25c a bunch— on
special sale to-day
(Wednesday) only, 2 hunches
for 250
Men's Furnishings
Deeply Price-Cut.
Men's SOo Neckwear— lw-
rials and Foar-in-Hand?, in no~
¦ choice spring colorings **m%fC
Men's 150 to 800 Nock'
wear— Sitk String Ties, Lawn Band
Bows, Wash Four -in - Hand 3, -*.
etc OC
THE EMPOBJTJM.
WAGED WAR
AGAINST THE
MINERS' UNION
Manager of the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan Tells of
His Methods.
Employes of the Company Discharged
When It Was Learned They
Belonged- to the Labor
Organization.
BOISE, Idaho. April 3.— The story
told by Governor Steunenberj? to
the committee of the House of Rep
resentatives that Is investigating
the Coeur d'Alene riot respecting
a statement made by James R.
Sovereign to the effect that the
actual rioters were men acting
under the orders of Ed Boyce, pres
ident of the Western Federation of
Miners, and that these were put
under oath by him, is not new to
those having intimate knowledge of
the prosecution conducted by the
State of persons implicated in the
riots, but it had never before been
made public. Mr. Sovereign told
this same Btory very circumstan
tially to others, and it is somewhat
more sensational than represented
by the Governor.
According to Mr. Sovereign's
statement, Ed Boyce selected the
first twenty men and administered
to them the oath of a secret organi
zation known as the Red and White
Card of Anarchy. This organiza
tion is supposed to have its head
quarters in Chicago. The oath It
exacts from its memDers is some
thing terrible and is administered
amid surroundings intended to
deeply impress the minds of those
taking it. The oath Itself 13 taken,
according to Mr. Sovereign's state
ment, on a human skull claimed to
be that of some one who had be
longed to the organization who had
violated his oath and been killed by
avenging fellow members. The
statement made by Sovereign to
others than Mr. Cairfpbell was that
250 or thereabout were taken into
this' oath-bound combination. It is
a somewhat Interesting fact that a
number of persons who attempted
to count those of the mob who were
armed, and who were masked,
agreed that there were about 350.
Mr. Sovereign explained that,
while he was a loyal union man, he
was not an anarchist. He believed
that those anarchists should be
punished, but he held that the rank
and file of the unions were guiltless
and should not be prosecuted.
WASHINGTON, April 3.— Frederick
Burbriage, manager of the Bunker Hill
and Sullivan mine, was the chief witness
at the Coeur d'Alene investigation to-day.
It was the mill of this company which
was blown up in the uprising last April.
Brigadier General Carlin was to have
continued his testimony on the Insurrec
tion In 1592, but his official report of that
occurrence was accepted as sufficient and
he men gave way to Burbridge.
Burbridge took charge of the mine in
ISjZ. At that time the miners and labor
ers were paid $3 a day, as against J3 60,
the union scale. There were continual
threats to "clean out" the Bunker Hill
mine, but the troops brought there during
the Coxey army excitement had a calm
ing effect. After having been closed for
a time the Bunker Hill was started as a
strictly non-union mine. The union men
nad control of the approaches to the
Coeur d'Alene, and, with arms, frightened
away non-union men and "scabs." The
mine succeeded in manning its plant. In
ISMi, he said, dynamite was used against
the mine and lire did some damage to
tne mill. The mine was injured. Threats
continued, he said, up to the time of the
culmination of the agitation last April.
jne Miners' Union at Wardner met on
Sunday, April 23, a week before the ex
plosion, and sent a delegation to him,
Burbridge, to demand $3 50 a day ail
around.
Armed Mob Took Possession.
Afu-r fruitless conferences a strike was
ordered. The Bunker Hill employes were
stopped on the road by an- Armed mob;
revolvers were flourished amr the work
men were chased through the streets.
Later in the day an armed mob took pos
session of the tramway of the mine and
held it for a time.
Burbridge said he received frequent
warnings that he would be killed and the
mine blown up. Representative Sulzer
asked for the names of those giving the
warnings. Burbridge declined to give the
names, saying it would imperil the lives
of those who gave the warnings. The
Idaho courts had upheld him, he said, in
this refusal to divulge names.
Sulzer protested, but the committee, on
a vote, permitted the witness to proceed
without disclosing names.
* Burbridge told of the warning messages
received by him, of the arming of sOO
men, the putting on of masks and the de
tails of the march on the mill.
"Where are these messages?" asked
Sulzer.
"Blown up with the mill." replied the
witness.
Burbridge said he took such precautions
as were possible for the protection of the
mill and then, believing that he was an
eject of special attack, he left the mill
and did not see the explosion.
The witness said the presence of the
military was essential to the maintenance
of peace; the only objections to the mili
tary came from those who wished to
break the law.
Discharg-ed All Union Men.
Crosthwaite, of counsel for the State of
Idaho, directed the examination and was
followed by Attorney Robertson in cross
examination. This brought out that the
company discharged men when It was
learned they belonged to a union.
The witness said there was such a con
flict between union and non-union men
that the company took its side with the
non-union men, declining to employ mem
bers of the union.
Representative Stevens of Minnesota
asked if this was not a violation of the
law of Idaho, which provided that there
shall be no discrimination' against mem
bers of an organization. The witness said
he stated only the policy and facts in the
case, not the law. He conceded that the
non-employment of union men might
have embittered them.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
,v
5ADVERTISEMENTS.
Are they troubled with head-
aches? Are the lessons hard
for them to learn P Arcthev
pale, listless and indifferent ?
Do they get thin and all run
down toward spring? If so.
will do grand things for
them. It keeps up ihe vital-
ity, enriches the blood,
strengthens mind and body.
The buoyancy and activity
of youth return.
•JC tad J • or.. »'! dr«Kgift(
SCOTT i fcOWNE Chtaui N:w T«»k,
WAR TAX REVISION.
CLOSFXY following the report of The Call's
special correspondent at Washington announ
cing the favorable attitude of the President
tOkViru a revision ot the war revenue act at thi? ses
,-ion conies the action of Congress on Monday call
ing upon the Secretary of the Treasury for estimates
toncerning the income likely to be derived from the
tax during the present fiscal year. The object of the
resolution is to obtain information upon which to
Inst proposals for revising the act, and its adoption
Miows that the House is inclined to take up the sub
ject at once. .
While the main intent of the purposed revision is to
reduce the war tax as far as is compatible with the
needs of the Government for revenue, an opportunity
will be afforded by it for eliminating from the act
those ambiguities of language which have enabled the
express companies to shirk their taxes and to treat
with contempt the decisions of the courts declaring
the plain intent of the law. The issue is one of the
most important* now before the country, for it in
volves the question of the power of the Government
tnd the courts to enforce a law which tax-shirking
corporations have determined to defy and to violate.
The members of the California delegation in Con
press, as well as a considerable number of Congress
men from other States, have given distinct pledges
that they will endeavor to so amend the law as to
compel the evasive corporations to pay the taxes im
posed upon them. The constituents of those Con
gressmen will expect them to take advantage of the
rrcpoted reduction of the tax to revise the act in ths
manner doired by the people. Wells, Fargo & Co.
have managed to shift their taxes upon the public
ever since the act went into effect. The decisions of
the courts against them have been of- no avail. It now
tcmsins for Congress to revise the law and make it
m> plain that the tax-shirkers will be compelled to
obey it. and so drastic in its penalties upon tax
shirking that those who attempt that form of robbing
the public will have occasion to regret it.
Hubby Hard Hit.
Wife — My shopping wasn't very satis-
factory to-day.
Husband— L'mph: I suppose, -\a usual,
you were trying to get something for
ncthing.
Wife — Well. yes. dear. I was trying to
get something as a birthday gift for you. —
Philadelphia Press.
Chalker asserts, "the fact It not noted
by her own officers In the official report:
but that she did fire when going in was
believed by all of us naval officers, from
the bare fact that Captain Hodgsdon,
commanding the McCulloch. said sh© did.
and among naval officers the word of a
man of that standing Is not questioned
about a fact of which he has the most
positive, the best and sometimes the only
knowledge. And as, according to Mr.
Chalker, the McCulloch'a people did not
hear the Raleigh's gun, it ill becomes
them to insinuate that her captain makes
a false official statement."
I now leave (his matter to history. On
one side, my testimony (that of the officer
third in rank of the whole squadron),
commanding the middle section, under or
ders for prospective maneuvers which
compelled me and my staff to keep tho
most vigilant lookout and to note every
thing which occurred; on the other sid<»,
the statements of belief of an officer (Mr.
Chalker) from hearsay, which officer. IF
ATTENDING^ AT THE TIME TO THE
DUTIES OF HIS POSITION. WOULD
HAVE BEEN DOWN IN THE ENGINE
ROOM. WHERE HE COULD SEE
NOTHING. BUT WHO. IN REALITY.
WAS NOT EVEN ON BOARD THE Mr-
CULLOCH AT THE TIME, as you can
see by the Inclosed list of officers in the
Manila Bay fight. Very respectfully.
Captain United States Navy.
WILL STAND BY THEIR COLORS.
SINXE persistent and cunningly devised efforts
are being made in some quarters to induce
conservative Democrats to support Bryan in the
coming election on the ground that the money ques
tion is no longer a vital issue, it is gratifying to note
that the stanch upholders of sound money in that
party are not going to be misled. The spirit of firn
ress has been particularly displayed in the Mississippi
Valley States, where the promoters of the Bryan
movement expected to find the greatest weakness.
A short time ago the gold Democrats of Indiana
held a meeting at Indianapolis, at which they adopted
resolutions reaffirming their unshaken adherence to
the sound money principles which thej\upheld in 1896.
In the course of their platform they declare: "All
that has been done and that is now being done by
those who supported Bryan in 1896 points to the re
adoption of the Chicago platform and the renomina
tion of Mr. Bryan. Being deeply impressed with the
gravity of the situation, we conceive it to be our sol
emn duty to oppose with all our strength the assaults
made by the Chicago platform of 1896 on individual
freedom, the right of private contract, the indepen
dence and integrity of the Federal judiciary, the au
thority of the President to enforce the laws and to de
nounce its advocacy of the radically wrong and fun
damentally dangerous demand for the free, unlimited
and independent coinage of silver and gold by the
United States at the ratio of 16 to 1, and its repudia
tion, at the instigation of Republican and Populist
allies, of the Democratic doctrine of tariff for revenue
only. There can be no compromise with those who
propose to support Mr. Bryan or any other candidate
on the Chicago platform."
Under the circumstances it would seem to be the
: plain policy of the conservative Democrats to support
! the Republican candidate, but that course does not
I attract the Indiana stalwarts. They stand by their
i principles of free trade and sound money and set pol
j icy aside. Their object is to provide for a ticket
lon the platform of Palmer and Buckner and to
I invite the co-o*peration of all gold Democrats in the
movement.
So far as the present campaign is concerned these
j supporters of genuine Democracy against Bryanism
! can hardly hope to effect much, but they are doubtless
j looking to the future. The Bryan movement, which was
at flood tide in 1896, is still strong enough to dominate
I the Democratic masses this year, but it is rapidly los-
I ing force, and the men who are reasserting the old
i Democratic doctrines will serve as a guard to rally
• the scattered, hosts, after the November defeat, around
¦ the flag of the ancient faith.
To all appeals made to them by time-serving Demo
! crats they return the reply that there can be no com-
I promise between the conservatism of true Democracy
j and the rank radicalism of Bryanism. So long as the
j party name is borne by masses who follow such lead
j ers as Altgcld. Jones. George Fred Williams. Coi.i
j Harvey and others of the Bryan crowd, they will vote
1 against it. It is on their part a campaign of principle,
j and, however futile a third party may be in this con
1 test, no one can fail to respect the honesty of the men
who join such a party in maintenance of what they
; regard as right.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orxheum-VauOviUe.
.\karar-"C'uo Vad:s=."
<»' 1:. i '~>r*>rB-houFe— "Tho Rppgar Student."
California— T'aderwwslcl, n< xt Sunday night.
Fischer's Concert House— "Faust." -
Tivoli-VManUa Bound."
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
cvenir.c.
O!ymr>i». rorner of Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Oakland Kice Track-Kaees. *
CAPTAIN COGHLAN CONTRADICTS
ENGINEER CHALKER'S STATEMENT
The city campaign in San Jose appears to have
opened redhot, with a minister on the grill as the first
victim:. '
rlage who does so without a license being*
produced is violating the law.
TWO COMPANIES-G. W.. Auburn.
Cal. The North German Lloyd and the
Hamburg-Bremen Steamship companies
are separate concerns.
WEDDING ETIQUETTE— A. E.. City.
An authority on etiquette on the subject
of noon weddings nays: "The dress of the
bridegroom should be on no account too
gay: he should wear a dark morning coat,
light or white waistcoat, light trousers
and light gloves, preferably pearl gray,
and a flower In his buttonhole."
CALIFORNIA'S REPRESENTATIVES
Subscriber, Cranmore, Cal. California's
Representatives in Congress are John A.
ANSWERS TO CORESPONDENTS.
CAPITAL OF TONGA— T. M. G., Mo
desto. Cal. The capital of. the Tonga or
Friendly Islands is Nukualofa.
ADOPTION— A. C. R., city. In adopting
a child in a legal manner the parties so
adopting the child give it thair own family
name. . • - . ¦ •
ANTS— V. D., city. A method for the
extermination of black and red ants waa
published in this department in the issue
of March 24. 1900; >
NO LICENSE— OId Reader. Oakland.
Cal. A license Is. one of the prerequisites
of marriage in the State, of California.
Any on« authorized to solemnize a mar-
EXCLUDE JAPANESE COOLIES.
IT is amusing that, after The Call had stated the
case and developed all of the facts regarding the
invasion of this coast by Japanese coolies, the Ex
aminer professes to have discovered the matter and
is over, every day, the facts as we stated
them. There is nothing new to add to what The Call
disclose/1 as to the evil* or its remedy.
It is an international matter and can be adjusted
only by amending existing Japanese treaties or mak
ing a new one. All of the pages printed by the E\
aminer and defaced by its notions of art state noth
ing new. It is a matter for sober-minded and prompt
treatment. Its settlement is not possible in any other
way than The Call had pointed out before the Ex
aminer had thought of the matter. Its expletive and
sepsf.tional treatment by Hearst's twin papers cannot
.-.dvar.ee but rather may retard a proper adjustment
by treaty.
It is noteworthy that every step forward toward the
exclusion of Chine.se coolie labor was taken by those
whom the Examiner opposed and abused. That paper
thinks that the way to do things is by bucking up
against a post and yelling like a drunken hoodlum. Its
frantic screaming on this Japanese question now is
done to divert public attention from Jts recent per
formanceto advertise the^cxistence of bubonic plague
in San Francisco.
Didn't Know the Rudiments.
Floor Walker— Where's that pretty
salesgirl you got last week?
Manager— l had to let her go. She al-
ways Irritated customers by showing
them Just what they asked for the first
time.— New York Press.
Personally Conducted Excursions
In Improved widp-vestlbuled Pullman tourist
rleepintt cars via Santa F? route. ExpertpncM
excursion conductors accompany these Mrur-
tilons to look after the welfare of passengers.
To Chicago and Kansas rity every Sunday.
Wednesday and Friday. To Boston. Montreal
and Toronto every Wednesday. To St. Louis
every Sunday. To St. Faul every Sunday ar.3
Friday. Ticket office. «CS Market street.
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th»
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Kb atTownsend**.*
Barham of Santa Rosa, Marlon de Vrles
of Stockton, Victor Howard Metcalf of
Oakland, Julius Kahn of San Francisco,
Eugene Francis Loud of San Francisco.
Russell Judson "Waters of Los Angeles
and John Carson Needham of Modesto.
These represent the seven districts in the
numerical order in which the names are
given.
THE MERCHANT MARINE BILL.
GENERAL GROSVENOR, chairman of the
House Committee on Merchant Marine and
Fisheries, in presenting the amended shipping
bill on Saturday, pointed out briefly the need of an
increased shipping to carry on our increasing com
merce, and said:
"It will, of course, take a considerable time to reach
the desired end, but the sooner the policy is entered
t'pon the sooner and easier will be its accomplishment.
The means proposed are open to the capital, the en
terprise and the skill of our citizens alike and on equal
terms. There is no ground for the form of monopoly.
There is absolute safety to the treasury in the fact
that no payment can be made until in each and fcr
each voyage the work is actually performed. As we
have before stated, it is certain that no vessel, 'great
or small, fast or slow, in the list can afford to make
a single voyage without also having a large commer
cial business income from the same voyage, and in
doing which commercial business she is fulfilling the
great purpose of the bill."
' Whether the amended bill, safeguarded in the man
ner stated by Grosvenor, will have the effect of
silencing the inveterate opponents of American com
merce may be doubted, but it will at least have the
effect of compelling them to shift their ground and
take up a new position of attack. The clamor raised
against the original measure was based almost wholly
upon the assertion that it was devised in the interest of
a few large corporations. That assertion cannot with
even a show of truth be made against the new bill.
Against attack from that quarter it is impregnable.
Of course, some other means of fighting the meas
ure will be devised. There are large and powerful
interests backing the ocean lines of other nations, and
they will do all that is within the scope of their re
sources to prevent the upbuilding of an American
merchant marine to compete with those lines. It is
estimated the American people pay $200,000,000 an
nually to- foreigners for the ocean transportation of
Am^Vican commerce, and the profits derived from
that vast expenditure are too large to be surrendered
without a struggle. The fight, therefore, will go on,
but the prospects of victory for American commerce
are brighter than ever before. In fact, there are now
good reasons for expecting the passage of the bill
at this session, and should it be so. the Republican
party can go before the people in the campaign this
fall with the record of having fulfilled every pledge
of the 'platform on which McKinley was elected in
1896.
NO PLAGUE HERE.
'"PHE Marine Ho-pital service, after complete I
technical examination of the germs tound m the
I _.; . iarrwij , , ,
Chinese suspects who started the plague scare,
reports that there was no case oi bubonic piairue here.
The ticath ot the man and the illness oi other sus- I
- .. ¦¦..-¦ . - -¦. -*¦ . ¦ - ¦ .
j «.ot-. whose spectacular arrest was used to back up |
the Mayor's Board of bad Health, were from com- j
i:ion causes, and not from any epidemic pestilence or j
peculiar cause. The iight-headed action of the Chief j
.; Police and Board of bad Health has cost this city !
many thousands of dollars; it has diverted trade and ¦
travel, and given us a bad name in far places that will
b; slow to learn the scientific verdict against the
crime and Jolly of which San Francisco is the vic
tim. Instead of proceeding with scientific sense and
coolness of judgment, and giving out no word until
they kne.v it to be true, the Cliiei of Police and the
Board of bad Hea'.th found a dead Chinaman at mid
night and proceeded to sound the tocsin, run up the j
black .flag, rope in a large section of the city, pump j
septic matter into monkeys, guinea-pigs and rats, and j
through Hearst's two p?j>ers and use of the wires in
form the whole world that San Francisco was another
Bombay, sodden with the plague, and to be avoided
by all mankind.
The immunity of these evildoers is not good for thc X
city. Xow that a deliberate verdict is rendered against
them, and that the small Mayor's little dispatch is
j:»-oved to have been a lie. these marplot?, who have j
ranizised their office dovrti to their personal dimen
sions, are ready to repeat, in some department of the
city government, the vicious policy which brought
prcat harm out of their nnfitness.
The Call was not without scientific authority and
backing and the benefit of experience in its position
taken in the beginning. We were convinced th-.t
there was no plapue here and that the ? scare was
[>eing worked partly by the ignorance and partly by
the selfishness of a public authority to which 'the
tity should look for the protection instead of the de
duction of its interests.
Granting tlat all that was pretended about the mat
-•¦¦.¦ ¦- . ..-.,-—¦ - .
tcr was true. it.« treatment as a <;ens^tion was without
excuse, and no apolopy ran he made for it.
I think, is the time the photograph you
printed was taken. But THIS WAS
SOME MONTHS AFTER we had de
stroyed the batteries by rendering them'
useless for war, for the Monadnock did
not get out until about August 16 or 18.
To show how easily slips may get into
reports or misprints occur the admiral's
report states that the Raleigh and Balti
more obtained the surrender of those bat
teries on May 3, whereas they did so on
May 2, and the Raleigh and Concord de
stroyed them on May 3.
The reports of the Manila fight are
found in the "appendix to the report of
the chief of the Bureau of Navigation.
Navy Department, IS9S." although none of
the reports of operations subsequent to
May 1 have yet been printed, and all the
Raleigh's crew asks is that when attempt-
Ing to establish facts all the reports may
be quoted from, and not a single one
picked out because it favors one side;
that the report of the Raleigh's captain
be given as much credit as that of any
of the others. It was made from notes
taken on the spot and when the facts
were fresh In his memory.
Outsiders may rest assured, although
Mr. Chalker seems not to believe it, that
the Raleigh not only did fire "as Captain
Coghlan has aserted." that she was not
"so far away from the rest of the fleet
that the report of the gun was not
heard," as "she was nearly a mile closer
to the flagship than was the McCulloch'.
but that. Captain Coghlan asserts most
positively, the Raleigh fired the first gun
entering Manila Bay; that afterward he
and others on the bridge of the Raleigh
saw the flashes, heard and counted the
guns of the Concord and after that again
saw the flashes, heard and counted the
guns of the Boston, and, to Quote Mr.
Chalker. "if the McCulloch fired at the
same time as the Boston," as Mr.
WEDNESDAY APRIL 4, 1900
. • ¦
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ali Corr.municaticns to W. S. LEAKE. Manager
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE?; Market and Third. S. F.
Trlrphune MnJn 18G8.
i:oitor:al hooms vn to 221 siernnoii su
Trlrjihonr 3!afn 1874.
Delivered Hy <"«rrl*>ri«. 15 Cent* Per WeeV.
Sfnsrle roplm. ~, rout".
Terms by Mail, tnrludins I'oataeet
PAILT CALL oncludi-.g Sunday), one j-ear $8.09
DAILY CALL <!nc!ud'nc Sunday). « mantta *-•»
I)AILT CALL Ur.oludirs SoDday). 3 months 1-58
DAILY CALL— Hy Smtfe Month «*e
EUXDAT CALL One Year i 1 -' «
VEEKLT CALL One Year Lo *
All 'itofttiiiufcterH are nattiorixed tm receive
• a bar r I pi loam.
EampJe corles will be forwarded wbca requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Bn**4trMy
• C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Managvr Foreign Advertising. Marquotte BaJjinj, Chicago.
N-KW YORK COKRESPOKDEVT:
C C. CARLTON HeraJd Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH _30 Tribune Buirfirg
CHICAGO NE^S STANDS:
Sherman Hous»; P. O. New* Co. ;. Great Northern Hotel:
rituiost House: Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TOP.X NEWS STANDS:
Wtldcrf- Astoria Uctel; A- Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, G&rresroade-.t.
lift AX'll OFFICES— IT* Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntil 9:20 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open uat'l 9:30 o'clock. «3»
McAllister. oi»en untii 9 .'5O o'clock. 61. r > Larkin. open until
H:3O o'clock. 1341 Misticn. open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096
Valencia, open until S o'clock. ICC Eleventh, open until
8 o'clock. N\V. corner Twenty-second an! Kentucky.
ri*n until U o'clock.
Puget Sound Naval Station,
BREMERTON, Wash., March 29, 1900.
TO the Kdltor of The Call: In your Is
sue of March 26 appears a letter from
J. H. Chalker. chief engineer. IT. S.
R. M., now serving on board the cut
ter McCulloch, which, as you say. takes
issue with me on the fact of.the Raleigh
having fired the first gun at Manila. Mr.
Chalker quotes from the reports of Ad
miral Dewey and Captain Gridley. saying
that the Boston and McCulloch fired at
El Fralle, and not 'mentioning the Ral
eigh. He. however, falls to quote from my
own report to the admiral or from the re
port of Commander Wood of the Petrel,
the vessel next astern and on the Ral
eigh's quarter. WHICH REPORTS ARE
FOUND IN THE S..ME BOOK AS THE
OTHERS FROM WHICH HE DOES
QUOTE, and in which the Raleigh IS
mentioned as follows: Commander Wood
says: "The position of the Petrel was
fourth from the head of column, astern of
the Raleigh and ahead of the Concord.
We passed In through Boca Grande, about
one mile from El Fralle • • • at 11:10.
a rocket and light were shown from Cor
regidor Island and just as the Raleigh and
Petrel came abreast of El Fralle three
shots were fired from a shore battery on
the rock, these being promptly replied to
by the Raleigh, Concord and Boston."
Now arguing from the stand and quota
tions of Mr. Chalker, the Concord did not
tire at El Fralle, because neither the ad
miral nor Captain Grldley mention It, and
yet Commander Wood mentions her firing.
I saw and heard her firing and her execu
tive reports her having fired, and both the
Raleigh and the Concord fired for some
time before the Boston did. This Is not
a supposition nor is it based on arguments
—It is a simple fact. The fact that the
McCulloch fired at the same time as the
Boston, as stated by Mr. Chalker, proves
conclusively that she did not fire the first
gun, as the Boston did not firo until after
the Raleigh had fired and passed and the
Concord had afterward fired and passed.
This is not hearsay, but absolute knowl
edge on my part. By the deck clock of
the Raleigh she fired her gun at 12:10
a. m., but next day, finding our clock was
different from that of the Olympla, in my
report I put the time of our shot at 12:15
a. m., so as to try to have all the times
correspond as nearly as possible with that
noted on the flagship. No two deck
clocks on board the same ship ever corre
spond for any length of time, as they are
cheap at best.
Referring to Lieutenant Rodman having
destroyed the batteries on Corregidor,
etc.. as I wrote you, I have to state again
that that is the actual fact. My report
to Admiral Dewey shows that on May 3,
IS9S, we destroyed about four and a half
tons of ammunition for those different
batteries, got the breech plugs of eight
big guns, cut the breechir.gs, broke some
manipulating gear, split the recoil cylind
ers and carried away and threw over
board about a ton of other manipulating
gear, and rendered all the batteries guard
ing the entrance to the bay unserviceable.
That, in military parlance, is destroying
the batteries. When we got through with
them they were in a condition of "innoc
uous desuetude." Seven of the eight breech
plugs taken that day (May 3. 1895.) when
the batteries were destroyed were brought
to the United States in the Raleigh; the
eighth one, a 4.7-inch, was given to the
Manila when we armed her, and is now
in use on that vessel in one of the guns
taken from one of the destroyed ships.
Some months after we had put the bat
teries hors de combat it was reported to
the admiral that Aguinaldo"s people had
carried off one of the wrecked guns orr
El Fraile Rock. As it was thought that
some of his people, who had been sailors
In the destroyed Spanish fleet, might
know the whereabouts of the breech-plugs
of the same size guns of the destroyed
vessels, most of which plugs had been re
moved as the ships were abandoned, and
might be able to fit them to the guns
from El Fraile. the Manadnock and the
McCulloch were sent down to haul the
guns overboard if possible, blow them up
or get them fnto deep water, so that not
even the carcasses would be left to be
taken to the mainland and repaired. This,
Former Commander of the Cruiser Raleigh Quotes From
Reports That the Revenue Marine Officer Seems
to Have Overlooked.
EXPANSION ISSUE JOINED
WE have already quoted Mr. Howell of the At
lanta Constitution as to the Democratic posi
tion on .expansion. Immediately' comes an
other statement from Senator Jones of Arkansas,
chairman of the Democratic National Committee,
who says: "1 believe when we ratified the treaty
Porto Rico and the* Philippines became a part of the
United States, and that the constitution immediately
extended over these new possessions by its own force,
and that the people of those islands are entitled to
the blessings and immunities which that instrument
gives to our own people." At last the Democratic
policy is made plain. It is that these islands are under
the constitution, and that their people are citizens of
the United States, members of our body politic, free
to come and go. and electors, with the ballot in hand
in any State of this Union, when they have fulfilled
the residence qualification of its laws.
Further than this: It was settled in our Civil War
that territory once under the Federal constitution is
thereafter inalienable. Neither by the revolutionary
act of its own people, nor by consent of the Federal
Government, can it cease to be a part of the Ameri
can Union. Therefore if Mr. Howell and the chair
man of the Democratic National Committee are right,
there can be no anti-expansion issue in this campaign,
nor in any other. AH that the treaty of Paris brought
to us is now a constitutional part of the republic, and
must remain «o. world without end. It will be seen,
then, that the Democratic party offers no refuge to
the anti-expansion sentiment of the country. Indeed,
from the standpoint of Senator Jones, anti-expansion
immediately takes its place alongside of secession,
since it becomes a proposition to divide the Union,
and raises every question that the sword settled, in the
Civil War.
Turning from this to the Republican position, the
difference is clear cut and plain. The Republican con
tention is that, unlike the Louisiana. Florida . and
Mexican treaties for the acquisition of inhabited ter
ritory, the treaty of Paris does not extend citizenship
to such of that population as choose to accept it. but
leaves their civil and political status to be settled by
Congress. These new possessions, therefore, are not
brought under the constitution, nor are their people
members of our body politic. Their territory is held
as propert3 r of the United States, of which this Gov
ernment can dispose as it seems fit. It may give to
the inhabitants independence, and protect them in the
formation and administration of self-government, or
not, as it chooses. The Democratic position abso
lutely concludes and forecloses the whole issue, makes
the situation irrevocable and unchangeable, and leads
to almost immediate statehood to Porto Rico and the
Philippines. The Republican position holds the issue
open, subject to the riper experience and sounder
judgment of the people.
There is a large element in the country opposed to
expansion. It desires to reason with the country on
the subject and to deal with the sober second thought
of the people. Its only chance to do so lies in sup
port of the Republican position. That party refuses
to foreclose the issue. It refuses to conclude a ques
tion which is not ready for decision. It proposes the
best possible executive administration of these new
possessions, as Jefferson administered Louisiana and
Jackson governed Florida under Monroe, until the
public mind is made up and a policy ripens out of dis
cussion. Ask the volunteers who stood the first brunt
of the fighting in the Philippines if they want the
Filipinos as fellow citizens, and their practically
unanimous decision is against it.
There are precedents enough to justify the Repub
lican position, and expediency demands its support by
every anti-expansionist.
The situation is clearing. Colonel Bryan will soon
be in California. Let us hear whether he indorses
Chairman Jones* contention that we have taken into
our body politic about twelve millions of people, of
mixed and alien races, who are entitled now to all "the
blessings and immunities" of American citizenship.
THE SAN FRANCISCOt-CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
The etorrr. wind from the north is not due, wholly
t«» atmospheric causes. Mr. Bryan is to the north of
u« just now.
OUR FRUIT AT PARIS.
1—;1 — ; ROM the Washington correspondent of the
I New York Sun it is learned that the officers' of
¦ the division of pomology of the Department
of Agriculture purpose to make a vigorous effort at
the Paris Exposition to widen the European demand
for American fruit. To that end particular care will
be taken to convert the Germans. The writer says:
"All the leading German horticulturists have been
invited to, make a special examination of the Ameri
can exhibit. The Germans have barred out our ap
ples, and even our dried fruits, on the ground that the
San Jose scale, which is very destructive of orchards,
would be carried into they- country on the fruit.
Leading scientists of this country, and of Germany
r.lso, have proved several times by experiments that
this cannot be the case. Still our fruit is kept out of
Germany. The department officials are confident that
the great battle between science and prejudice will be
fought- out successfully at Paris this summer."
The largest single exhibit will be that of the appb
i'ldrstry. It is said to be the finest ever made by the
United States, and includes about 2500 barrels, rep
resenting the orchards of the entire country. As the
exhibit was a volunteer one, some States have very
large collections, and otlicrs. while sending smaller
exhibits, are thoroughly represented. California has
250 barrels, and Missouri sends from her magnificent
orchards in the Ozark Mountains about two hundred
bairels. There arc large- exhibits from Michigan,
Illinois, New York. Indiana, Pennsylvania and North
Carolina. Virginia, Connecticut and West Virginia
are represented by very choice examples of a great
number of varieties, although the aggregate in each
is not large. New' York sends 200 bushel boxes,
showing the standard line of best keeping winter
apples.;^:;.
While the exhibits made by Eastern orchards nat
urally have most prominence in the article of the
Sun. the splendid work done in California is not
overlooked. The writer says: "One of the finest fea
tures of the horticultural exhibit will be furnished by
the Californians, whose Legislature appropriated $70. -
000 for the purpose. They intend to send all during
the fruit season this coming summer, fortnightly,
specimens in refrigerator cars. and the refrigerator
compartments of the ocean steamers, of pears, plums
and peaches. They will also send grapes as soon as
the new crop comes in."
There arc good reasons for -believing the effons
made by the Agricultural Department to break down
the barriers of prejudice against American fruit will
be successful. In fact, the strong opposition which
has been made by a powerful section of the German
people to the meat bill is an evidence that the agra
rians, who have sought to exclude all sorts of Ameri
can farm products from Germany, are by no means
so dominant in the empire as they were a few years
ago. With such an object lesson as our fruit-growers
can present to the world at Paris, it seems probable
the last vestige of prejudice will be overcome. In the
efforts of the Government officials to accomplish that
result California will cordiallyco-operate.
MRS. JONES— AND PRAY, MR. JONES. WHAT IS THE MATTER NOW?
JONES— I WAS ONLY WONDERING, MY DEAR. WHERE YOU MIGHT
HAVE BOUGHT THIS FISH.
MRS." JONES— AT THE FISHMONGER'S. WHERE DO YOU SUPPOSE I
BOUGHT IT? / " V.'
JONES— WELL. I THOUGHT THAT. PERHAPS. THERE MIGHT HAVE
BEEN A REMNANT SALE AT THE ROYAL AQUARIUM! —Punch.
6
OFFICIAL ROSTER OF THE McCTJLLOCH AT THE BAT
TLE OF MANILA BAY, WITH NOTES BY CAPTAIN
COGHLAN CALLING ATTENTION TO THE FACT THAT
ENGINEER J. H. CHALKER WAS NOT ON THE CUT
TER AT THE TIME THE EVENT IN CONTROVERSY OC
CURRED.Division Encampment.
It has finally been decld«*d that there
shall not be regimental encampments ol
the National Guard this year, but tbero
shall be a division encampment on Lavega
Heights at Sam# Cruz. The adjutant
general la preparing an order fixing th<j
event for the week commencing August 4,
STESNWAY PMOS
USED AT ALL
PADEREWSKI
RECITALS.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
PaeifU Cetit BepresnUtiTsi.
RR TTQWFQ Fnn barbers, bak-
DuUOnLO " bootblacks, bath-
house*, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painter?, shoe factories, sta-«
blemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
UUCIIANVi BKOS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
rreat Mexican remedy; cl\"es health and
ctrenctn io sexual organs. Depot. 323 Mark""
ANCIENT ORDER
OF WORKMEN IN
ANNUAL SESSION
Twenty-Third Council of the
Grand Lodge of California
Formally Opened:
mediately Supreme Master Workman
John C. Bickford of Manchester. N. H.,
who arrived yesterday to attend the ses
sion; was escorted to the altar by P;tsc
Suprt-me Master Workman W. H. Jordan
and Past Grand Master Workmen Barnes.
Danforth and Bahrs. He was receiveu
with honors and applause. He was then
escorted to a seat on the right of the
grand master workman and after a formai
introduction made a short address.
The report of the grand master work
man was r*?ad. This shows that during
the year he made sixty-four official visits,
granted nine dispensations and rendered
twenty decisions. He also reported that
eight lodges were consolidated, one passed
out of existence and four new ones were
instituted.
The reports of the several other grand
officers were referred to the committee
on distribution.
The report of the grand recorder, F. S.
Poland shows that the amount of relief
granted California by the relief board was
$149,556. The amount received during th<
year in the beneficiary fund was sufficient
CONTRACT LABOR
SCHEME KNOCKED
OUT COMPLETELY
Commissioner Powderly Fir
ally Rules Against the
Jap Inouye.
The twenty-third annual session of the
Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen of California opened
yesterday morning in Odd Fellows' Hall,
the grand officers and nearly four hundred
and fifty representatives being present.
The lodge was called to order by Grand
Master Workman J. M. Collins and 1m-
is Mrs* Pinkham. Her
1 great correspondence is
j under her own super-
vision. .
Every woman on this
continent should under-
\ stand that she can write
\ freely to Mrs. Pinkham
j about her physical con-
| dition because Mrs. Pink-
\ ham is "-' :
I and because Mrs* Pink-
I ham never violates con-
fidence and because she
knows more about tlie ills
of women than any other
person in this country.
Lydla E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound has
cured a million sick wo-
men. Every neighbor-
hood, almost every
family, contains women
relieved cf pain by this
great medicine.
jOheckihatOougivj
1 with BROWN'S **
I BRONCHIAL TRCCHES.
H Facflrnl!-. df//? */ 2?*™*
¦ Signature Jt rf&**$ //fw^jfa' °° x - '¦:'¦>
to pay one hundied and eighty-seven $2000
and seventeen $1000 claims, and leave a
balance of $750.0 W. There were 329 deaths
during the year and a net increase in the
membership of 1046.
During the afternoon session the report
of the committee on laws and amend
ments—H. Schaffner. E. A. Freeman and
George F. Neal— was taken up.
An amendment to so reclasslfy the as
sessments that there shall not be any odd
cents was recommitted.
One to establish an employment bureau
was lost.
One to permit a member of a lodge who
has been a member ten years, has reached
the age of fifty years and Is unable to
pay his assessments to deposit his bene
ficiary certificate with the lodge to secure
assessments it might advance was, after
a very long discussion, lost.
One that all lodges shall install officers
semi-annually was lost.
One that persons engaged in the whole
sale liquor trade, like those engaged In
the retail trade, shall not be admitted to
membership, was referred to the supreme
representatives. -
One that the term report of a lodge
shall include the names of those members
who during the term entered into the
liquor business was carried.
One reducing the charter fees for a new
lodge to J5 was carried.
One requiring that supplies for a new
lodge be furnished without cost was car
ried.
One relating to the reinstatement of
suspended members In any lodge wa«
after a long discussion carried.
The ' Grand Lodge adjourned at 3:15
o clock.
Last night there was a large attendance
of Workmen in Odd Fellows' Hall to wit
ness the exemplification of the secret
work and floor work and drills by five
teams in a contest for a trophy. The con
testing teams were from Yosemite Lodge
of Fresno, Prosperity Lodge of this city
Enterprise and Mount Hamilton lodges of
San Jose and Sacramento Lodge of Sac
ramento. ¦" : -- ¦¦•¦":
Degree of Honor.
Silver Spray Lodge of the Degree of
Honor at its meeting last night tendered
an informal reception in Excelsior Hail
at the Mission to the grand officers and
many of the delegates to the' Grand
Lodge. The visitors were welcomed by
Mrs. M. J. Stewart, chief of honor of the
lodge, and there were responses by Grand
Chief of Honor Viola S. Norman, Grand
Lady of Honor Florence Nay, Grand
Treasurer Miss M. Ohea and many others
Mrs. Walter Mal'oy is chairman of the
committee that to-night will give a public
reception to the grand officers and dele
gates in Laurel Hall of the Shiels build-
Ing. -"'y-r.-T
"STRAW BOND" KELLY
SENT TO SAN QUENTIN
Prisoner's Aged Mother Makes a
Strong Plea to the Court for
Mercy.
Thomas A. Kelly, recently convicted of
feloniously accepting a "straw bond" for
the release of a prisoner, was sentenced
to three and a half years in San Querrtln
by Judge Lawlor yesterday. Although
Kelly was surrounded by many riff-raff
politicians when he was In office, there
were none in court yesterday to see him
sentenced. His . aged mother, however,
was present and made a strong
plea for mercy. Judge Lawlor said that
Kelly's previous good character and the
fact that his mother spoke so highly of
him as a son would tend to ameliorate the
severity of the sentence that the court
might otherwise Impose. Kelly was then
ordered to stand ifp and sentence was im-
The effort of Japanese contract laborers
to gain admission into the United States
by means of the machinations of the Ku
mamoto Emigration Company has re
ceived a setback at the hands of Commis
sioner General T. V. Powderly, backed by
the approval of Lyman J. Gage. Secretary
of the Treasury. United States Immigra"
tion Commissioner North received the
news yesterday in a dispatch signed by-
Commissioner Powderly and approved by
Secretary Gage. The dispatch reads as
follows:
The admission of H. Inouye into the UnitM
States under contract would >*• a violation of
law. The appeal, a." recommended by you. Is
therefore dlsmlMed. Deport.
T. V. POWDERLY.
Commissioner General.
Approved: 1,, j. rjase.
Inouye arrived on the Gaelic on March
13 and exhibited a contract made by him
with the emigration company. The conr
tract sets forth that Inouye Is not of the
class prohibited by the immigration laws
of the United States; that he is not com
ing here a;t rt contract laborer; that the
company gi;a?»ntoes that for the period
of three yean he shall not become a pub
lic charge upon the United States: that
in case of his illness he will be cared for
by the company or sent back to Japan as
the circumstances may warrant; that his
fare and other traveling expenses are paid
wholly by himself; that he is not an as
sisted immigrant and that he has paid the
company in consideration of the contract
10 j-en.
Inouye testified before the special board
of inquiry that it usually requires from
six months to a year for a Japanese emi
grant to obtain from his Government the
necessary passport permitting him to
leave the country, but that by becoming
a member of the Kumamoto Emigration
Company and paying the 10 yen he re
ceived his passport within a few days
after the date of his application. He was
not acquainted with his guarantors, they
having been furnished by the company.
Commissioner North notified Commis
sioner Powderly that the contract used
by the company was drawn ln this city
by the law firm of Webb & Espey and
that Inouye was put forward to make a
test case. "If It should succeed the coun
try would be flooded with Japanese con
tract laborers within a few years," he
added.
¦ ? ¦
An up-to-date hotel. The Bradbury." Every-
thing first class. 1604 California st.. cor. Polk. •
RAILWAY COMPANY IS
CENSURED BY A JURY
A Coroner's jury In the case of Alphonse
Zuckerman censured the Market-street
Railway Company yesterday for his death.
Zuckerman and several friends tried to
board a Hayes-street car last Saturday
evening. He caught hold of one of the
stanchions on the dummy, but on account
of the- car being overcrowded he missed
his hold and fell into the street, where he
was run over by a wagon of the Alameda
Transfer Company.
The grlpman. J. D. McConnell, dented
that the deceased got on the car at all.
Neither he nor the conductor would admit
that the car was ever overcrowded. The
jury was unable to fix the responsibility
for the death of the deceased, but said:
"We .recommend that- the Market-street
car system be censured for the dangerous
way in which it allows its' cars to b« over
crowded."
Open to Summer Guests.
The n»w buildings and beautiful grounds
at Holtt's School. Menlo Park, will be
oDen to summer guests June and July. *
; mented Euclid. Vitellion Polonais trans
, lated the optics of Alhazen. Gerard de
: Greraone spread astronomy by giving
the ""Almageste" of Ptolemy with the
; commentary of Geber. The sons of Aver
races lived at the court of Frederick II
1 of Sicily and taught him the natural his
tory of plants and animals, and it was
probably from them that Frederick re
reived the famous commentary of their
father on Aristotle, which he sent to the
: University of Bologna. ;y:«
Dante did not dare to condemn Aver
> races, though a Mussulman, to the burn
ing, but places him in that vast painless
! nimbo near the shades of Socrates and
Aristotle.
The Arabs, says Humboldt. must be re
, garded as the real founders of the physi
cal sciences.
Avicenna. born 9V>. wrote on many «<ci
< ences. but was known in Europe only aa
; a doctor. His canons or. rules, in fiv«»
books, served for centuries as the basis of
medical studies in France ar.d Italy. The
Arabs added to the herbarium of Dlosco
rides 2>X» plants. Under the tropics the
organs are gifted. wtih more" vital force.
th*> vegetable kingdom' is richer in aro
matic growths.
Caravans came from Arabia with the
spices and iiicense of Yemen, the druirs
and pearls of Hadramant. which were
brought into the markets of Europe. Tht
•Vrabs constituted chemical pharmacy.
From them came the first learned pre
scriptions.
Dante himself was registered on the
books of Florence among the pharmacists
and so was probably well acquainted with
this branch of Arabian science. Astron
omy and astrology find numerous allu
sions in his pages. That famous passage
uttered by Pluto in the seventh canto,
which most commentators havf supposed
to he Hebrew, is in all probability Arabic
It is on the face of it more likely that the
poet should put into the mouth of one of
the princes of the infernal world an ut
terance in the language of the great ene
mies of Christendom than words in the
Hebrew, which, according to common be
lief, was the sacred mother of all.
I have thus mentioned some of the chief
literary elements which combine in the
"Divine Comedy."' The same may be
done for several other?, such as the poli
tics of Florence and Italy, the religion,
art and science of the middle ages, so that
the "Divine Comedy" may justly be called
the medieval epic. What makes It. how
ever, a work of consummate art is in
this, that these diverse elements are
given not as simple facts of knowledge,
but. like the chemical constituents of the
living tree or flower, they all form an in
tegral part of one body of culture, which
is the soul life of the great poet himself.
I have compared Dante to Homer, but |
he differs from Homer by all the differ
ence of the romantic and the classical
ideals, in art. Homer brought the gods
down to earth and made them men. Dante
takes men into the spiritual world and so
connects them with the infinite.
Classic art is clear and well defined. Its
most characteristic form was sculpture.
It sprang from a simple and natural civ- !
ilizatlon. not overshadowed by a dread of
the future coloring all its thoughts and
movements with a sense of the Invisible. |
The Greeks were children of the present, i
filled with the enthusiasm of actual en
joyment, and so their art attained the
most exquisite perfection of material
form. During the middle ages, on the
other. hand, devotion and theolrtpry had!
their eyes turned toward heaven. Earth
was considered not as a place of enjoy
ment, but of expiation. To deliver the
sepulcher of Christ from the Infidel would
bring salvation to the soul. Hermits went
Into the caves of the mountains to flee the
world and to dream of the duties of eter
nity.
There was a sense of the Infinite value
of the human soul. AH that was done
should be with a view to avoid the penal-
Jlft&ftSM?
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
Massive Production
"OUO VABISJ"
- 80 PEOPLE ON THE STA6E.
©— GRE/\T SCENES-8
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
I SPECIAL 1 •
GRAND REQUEST RECITAL.
LAST OPPORTUNITY TO HEAR
Paderewski
NEXT SOTDAT NIGHT April 8
— At »:30 o'clock —
EXTTEE" CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
SEATS XOVT ON FALE
'ETEJXTTAY PIANO USED.)
COMMENCING MONDAY NIGHT. April »,
7V\R. JAMES NEILL
Ar.d His iTic-rr.j arable Company. Presenting
The Beautiful Comedy.
"A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE.^
BEATS NOW ON SALE
Two big fleets reached their destina
tions yesterday. One came in through
the Golden Gate while the other arrived
at English ports. The one, that came
here was composed of vessels from
Europe, Hawaii and Central America,
while the English fleet was composed of
grain-laden vessels from Pacific Coast
ports.
Amons those that came to an anchor
in the bay yesterday were the British
ship Primrose Hill. 135 days from Liver
pool: British ship Bardowle. 160 days from
i-ondon; Hawaiian bark Santiago. 17
days; schooner Aloha, IS days, and bark
Mayuna Ala, 28 days from Honolulu;
schooner A. M. Baxter, 2) days from Hilo,
and schooner Charles Hanson, 47 days
from San Bias.
The Bardowie and Primrose Hill had
some heavy weather off the Horn. Dur
ing a tempest E. Enbritsen, a sailor on
the Bardowie, was vashed overboard and
drowned. The ship was unc!er short can
vas and plunging into a heavy head sea
so little cuuld be done toward saving the
unfortunate man. After some perilous
work the ship was hove to and a boat
lowered, but not a trace of Enbritsen
could be found. It was freezing weather
nt tho f Imp and the. sailor was dressed
in heavy clothing, so the chances are he
went down almost without a struggle.
There were sixteen vessels from the Pa
cific Coast that reached Falmouth and
Queenstojvn yesterday. Eleven of the fleet
reached the lattf-r port, so California and
Oregon wheat will be well represented
when Queen Victoria visits the bay in her
yacht, the Albert and Victoria, to-day.
The tieet was composed of the J. ; G.
Glad<» that sailed from this coast on
October 14: Falrport, October 17; Drum
blair, November 1; General de CharPtte
and Dimsdale, November 2; St. Memgo,
November 8; Castle Rock. November 9;
McMahon and Port Patrick. November
!0; Saint Anne and Forfarshire, Novem
ber 15: Valkyre, November 17: Invercauld
and Duchalburn, November 25. Royal
Forth, December 3. and Silberhorn. De
cember 5. The value of the cargoes of
this fleet is in the neighborhood of
$2.0" iO, 000.
It will be noticed that there was just
fifty-two days between thf- sailing or" th»
German bark J. G. Glade and the British
shir Silbtrhorn from this port for v'ork.
The latter vessel goes under the German
flag, as does also the Royal Forth and
Dochalburn. All three vessels were r.oUl
to Hamburg parties last month.
Strange to say. the French bark Snint
Anne was reinsured to the extent of, T>
pc:- corn. She was spoken off the Horn
about Christmas time making very heavy
weather in a pale, and that was* th*» on!y
thing on which to base an excuse for re
insurance.
Chief Wharfinger Percy Henderson was
a very disappointed man when he heard
of the arrival of the Saint Anne. He had
formed a pool of $1000 with which to play
the overdue and just as he was ready to
place the money the news came of her
arrival. ,
J. C Johnson, a sweeper, was treated
at the Harbor Hospital yesterday for a
fracture of the Wt leg and lacerations
of the forehead, cheek? and hands. While
at work on the corner of Drumm and
Sacramento streets a sausage wagon,
driven by Sam Kfper. ran into him and
knocked him down. The injured man was
taken to the hospital, while the sausajje
man was taken to the Harbor police sta
tion.
The naval reserve training ship Marlon
will not come down from Mare Island
until the Sunday after Easter. The men
will go up to the navy yard and bring the
old sloop-of-war down, after which there
will be a jubilation aboard.
The fact that sailors are scarce was ex
emplified in the sailing of the codfishing
fleet ypsterday. A fe%v old timers were
secured, hut in nearly every instance the
majority of the crews were green hands.
The schooners Stanley. Mary and Ida anJ
the barkentine Frtmor.t all sailed for the
codfishing banks 3'esterday.
PHONE MAIN 522
LAST THREE NIGHTS OP THE SEASON
TheBEGGAR STUDENT
Consmeßcing SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
PJchard TTalton Tully's Laughable Farce.
"JAMES WOBERTS. I. S. S.. BOSTON."
Characters by Students cf the University of
, California.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat ln Orchestra at All
Matinees :sc.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
EXTRA
SUNDAY AFTERNOON and EVENING NEXT,
MaxnlSreru Production of Palmer Cox's
BROWNIES IN FAIRYLAND.
Same Cast ar.d Fr>»cia!t!es a« Recently Given
at the California Theater.
AatTTHEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Another Big Sugar Fleet Sails in Through the Golden Gate.
The Booming Water- Front Trade Shows a
OudrUliy OdllOrS.
Hales.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GOLDEN AGE OF ITALIAN LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
XII. DANTE AND HIS RELATION
TO MODERN LITERATURE.
(Concluded.)
BT C. W. BENTON. PH.D.
Another of the principal elements of
culture came from the Arabs. It Is now
recognized that scholastic philosophy was
taken in great measure from their writ
ings. They form the link in the chain
which connects ancient philosophy to
scholastics. The works of Aristotle, as
commented by the Arabian philosophers,
were translated into Latin and may be
eaid to have contributed much to awaken
the desire and the thirst for the original
Greek sources, and thus prepared the way
for the renaissance.
Front the Caliph Almamonn Honain re
ceived a weight of gold equal to each of
the Greek books he translated into Ara
bic. From the ninth century to the mid
dle of the eleventh the Arabs were mas
ters of Sicily, and even under the Em
peror Frederick 111, in the thirteenth,
they still held the peninsula under their
intellectual sway. Although Europe hated
mem mr being Mohammedans, it was fas
cinated by their superior civilization, their
rich fabrics, their ornaments of jewelry,
their finely tempered blades of Damascus
and Toledo, their elegant architecture,
which, as Lamenais says, with its arches
and wonderful tracery of stone, resembles
some brilliant dream, where the eye Is
lost in the pursuit of a symmetry which
at every moment it hopes to seize, but
which escapes it ever.
Many of the scholars of Europe flocked
to the Arabian universities and brought
back numerous sciences and inventions.
The first clock known in Europe was sent
to Charlemagne by Haroun al Raschid.
Roger Bacon brought back chemistry.
Gerbert the Arabic numerals. About 1200
Leonardo of Pisa composed a treatise on
algebra which he had learned among the
Arabs. In the thirteenth century Cam
panus of Navarre translated and com-
ties of hell and secure the mansions that
fade not away.
It was the duty of the strong: to protect
the weak and oppressed. The institution
of chivalry arose, which combined, the
love of woman with the adoration of the
virgin mother of God. Ideal womanhood
was made the Intermediate of the divine.
This spiritual worship of woman Is very
different from that which existed ln
Greece and gives rise to a different idea!
in art. In Greek art the perfect woman
Is the form of the Venus de Mllo. With
Dante. Beatrice la something more than
a perfect form. Herself he does not even
describe. She !s ln the inner sanctuary and
the whole poem is filled with her very
presence. Absent from view, hersplrit per
vades and floats over the whole work,
beckoning: on to loftier and more spiritual
scenes. Even when she was alive and ap
peared to him on the streets of Florence
there was such a sense of charity filled his
soul that he could pardon all his enemies.
When she died the earth wa3 desolate
and the tomb becomes the corner-3tor.e of
the Christian's sons:. As his love in its
strength is revealed to him by the death
of Beatrice, death has no power ov<?r it.
and to his faith she becomes In truth im
mortal after she was dead. She had ap
peared as a messenger but for a time to
bring to earth a revelation of the divine
and the eternal. This ideal was the pas
sion of Italy in the middle ages, the wor
ship of the Madonna.
In a similar manner Raphael transfig
ures the face of her whom he loved into
that of the Sistlne Madonna. Italy failed
to secure the dominion of the world to
which she aspired in the restoration of the
Roman empire, but through her faith in
this exalteii ideal she did gain supremacy
in the world of art
It is this ardent personality of the poet
which give? Its chief interest tr> the
"Divine Comedy." In classic art the indi
vidual was forgotten ln the general. In
romantic art the sense of personal worth
so prevails and overflows as to give color
and character to the smallest details. Per
fection of form is often sacrificed to en
ergy of soul. In classic art humanity wa?
typified in the perfection of the godlike.
Check Mat Gough
with BROWN'S v
BRONCHIAL TRCCHES.
FacPlral!-. Jlf//? *£ 2?*™*
Signature Jt rf&u*s /W^ °° x -
FISCHER'S
-*- CONCERT HOUSE **»*
t22-13A O'FAHRELL 3T.
E. A. FISCHFR Pr?p
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
The Handsomest Music Hell ln America.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT:
THIRD ACT FROM "FAUST"
IN ALL-PTAR CAST.
COME WHEN YOU PI.EAFE.
S:«i. August Hinrtchs" superb orchestra; 5:27,
tenor Vargas; B:ts, £l*oorina Polleitlnl; 9:12.
E:^norir.a Barduccl: 9:15. Sirnor Napoleone;
t:3O. Ealvlnl: *:32, Bignor Baiaracco; 10:0 C. Sig-
ncrita Pueperi: 10:55. duet. Salvini and Vargas-
U.CS to 11:50. "Faust."
In Pr»p«ratJon— "L* Boheme."
ADMISSION 10 cents
RACING! RACING! RACING!
ISOO-CALIFORIttA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
MAItCH 26 to APRIL 7. INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
FiTe or more races each day.
Rares start at 2:15 p. ro. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m mnA
12:80. 1. 1:30. I, 2:30 and 1 p. m.. connect'c*
with trains stoppicg at the entrance to thi
tratk. Last two cars on train reserved for U-
flirs and their escorts; no emoklng. Buy your
ferry tickets to Ehell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with Ean Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also ail trains via Alame-ia moi'e C cn-
cect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
end Broadway, Oaldand. These electric cars
gro direct to the track In fifteen minutes
ReturEins— Trains Jeave the track.at 4:15 and
« «; p. m. and immediately after the last race
THOMAS H WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OLYMFIA c E o D £^a«
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
THE BLAcSTbARTONS,
King and Queen of Comedy.
ALICE RAYMOND,
America's Greatest Lady Cornetlst.
TRIXEDA.
The Talented and Beautiful.
MLLE, THELMA,
IN 'POSES PX.ASTIQUES.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEE EVERT SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
STUDENTS' LECTURE COURSE.
THIRD LECTURE— April 5. S p. m.\ Y. M. <\
A. Auditorium. REV. CHARLES R. BROWN.
"< cnstiintinrple and the Turks" (illustrated
with etereortleon). ADMISSION. 50 cents.
Ti'kets»t Elder ft Shephards
The gods themselves were made men, and
the point of contact where both met was
the very highest culmination and only
possible expression of perfect art. In ro
mantic art that typical and ideal form
was no longer enough to express the Indi
vidual aspirations ol immortal hope which
the cold marble could no longer contain.
The new life of the imprisoned soul must
pierce into the realm of spirit where Is its
veritable home. This struggle for freedom
will vary according to the character of
the Individual. This explains the infinite
variety of romantic art. A consciousness
that the perfect cannot be attained will
produce that sense of the infinite mingled
with sadne.=s which Is th» mark of modern
poetry. The sense nf victory over difficul
ties, on the other hand, will eive that
buoyancy of hone that the future may
reveal. Th» uniformit* of classic art has
given place to the variety of individual
taste. All objects become interesting wh»n
touched with human emotion. The objects
of art become multiform as nature. Na
ture Dante calls the daughter of the in
finite mind. and. as art Is the truthful
reproduction of the daughter of nature. .so
art he deHnes as the grandchild, of Deity.
This lineage of art explains the religious
fervor of the art of Italy. It becomes the
highest good, and the word which ex
presses the highest excellence of charac
ter is taken to designate the virtuoso, the
skilled interpreter of art. The manger be
comes sacred because in it was rocked th«
infant King. To it come the wise men of
the east nifh their gifts of franhinceuse
and. gold. The genius of Christian art
portrays the lowliest of scenes. The fish
ermen of Galilee become heroes for th»
painter's brush. The lilies of the field are
more radiant than Solomon ln all his
glory. Every object ln nature becomes
interesting because touched by an immor
tal hand. Each blade of gra^s. each stone
is precious bocause it brings to the eye th«»
light of a distant star. This glow oZ
sympathy Dante gives to the commonest
thing?. When he speaks of looking at
some object In the realm of shades it la
with the Intent look of a shoemaker try
ing to thread his needle after the twilight
has gathered.- When the spirits come
around him in paradise it is as when gold
fishes in an ariuarium Rock around a,
crumb of bread. The music of the sky
lark is made real when he stops for a mo
ment as if satisfied with his last note.
Evening ii> the time when the mariner's
thought turns fondly toward those whom
he left at home or when the pilgrim's eyes
turn heavenward on hearing the distant
bell weeping: for departing day. When
the plant Antaeus stooped to lift tho
travelers over one of the subterranean,
chasms he iw likened to the leaning tower
of Oarisenda at B«lo?na when a cloud has
gathered upon it. There Is scarcely a city
in Italy which does not retain reminis
cences of him. He used to sit on that
stone to look at the cathedral. Along that
path outside the city he used to walk in
deep thought during hts exile.
Florence has done all she could to atone
for her lrisrratitude to h*r greatest citizen.
She has erected monuments in his honor,
and In the church of Santa Croce a ceno
taph near the tombs of Michael Arcetrt
and Galileo, but Ravenna, where he died,
refuses to surrender his ashes.
v Thl<» power of mlnsrllnsr human feeHns'
with the ordinary scpnes of nature and n£
life, possessed In a suorrme d^srri?* by
Dante, ha* become one of the chief feat
ures of modern literature, the pift of find
ing: ".sermons In stones, books ln the run
ning brooks and Rood in everything."
COLUMBIAN
E2CQKD AND LAKT WEEK.
H>*!T N:rht CncludJnr Sunday. ) Mat!ne«
Saturday.
Sttj-Qi asd Rice pr«»«tt Comedian
WILLIE COLLIER
— la HS» Own If nr Farce —
MR. SMOOTH.
Be£. NEXT MONDAY—
UJJYI. H. U/EST'S BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
Th* Gr«*.te«t Mlrntrtl Organization ExtacL
STECIAX PRICES— 2S<v BOc. 75c and SI.O<».
Merchantmen and Sugar Boats Bound in Through the Golden Gate.
MATINEE TO-DAY. WEDNESDAY. April 4.
Parquet 25c. any eeat; Balcony 10c; Children
10c, any part.
A NEW BILL OF HIGH-CLASS
NOVELTIES!
MATTHEWS AND HARRIS: HARRT
COGILL ar.d MAT ARLEA:
EARLE and SHr.PHERD:
CARRIE BEHR;
KENO, WELCH and MELROSE;
LONEY HASKELL: W. C. FIELDS
A. L. GUILLE;
CHARLES FWEET.
TWO MILLION DOLLAR GRAIN FLEET
REACHES ENGLAND FROM PACIFIC COAST
Hales.
THE SAN FUA>XISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
1 J^l3 F^ fi \<& P I
\ f ° r the * orm and face! t
/ \f^Kr \ the^Jrf.^vi? F n i} ln the flights of early fprln*: ft
>&,> V <>V' \ delica^J " fjihrw Jf-" 1 * thr °e<» of winter. Hale* <i!*play t
-*OS> f/&3?~~ ) »aih flhrt^ t h * ftttla^ the approach of Ea.ner; dainty \
\ I'V^L / noVelty F^M^'S* 1 " co « u »«*. French millinery, every £
•wmnwV^ demands appears here Jn Its virgin £
\ lovers of style ! '
I iH \ *r.d French" novelties t^^F?^^ SiJr^'*"
j, B 1 \ In !>tr*w. <i»:;cs*p ma- v^J3t"*^ -^^*-
/• ML t m \ «rs hoM queenly sway! jyl "«" JS»C
l\X{\Jf£i , j,.\ H«re we picture ¦'The '^I>»>»l— '^S
,\J^),^V By \ \ wild ro»e« in soft --; f?
/ fH **> J^— ¦ J Mttet cf tulle; an en- * /•' {^ZSI
eeaible of delicate TT >_<vA ~ "S3
v Em*ter beauty. The J-vg JJeernat* »
S^_ jSs?™^ price acconllnß to "J** • 3
>^ OoLSUST^ richness of trimminire. g
fl f Tt.^fe 5 «eh as on« expects of Hales. |
§1 le&£er* as we ar© ln millinery circle*'. jj
|| 6w e ilE««ercostmn »H JyjXffiE I
U tA-Eeta lined; walct and skirt ap- : B^";,i l#rr braid arpliqued "n Q^ E{|
pllqued with taaeui and l silk cora- ; de 501e... Per yani OD ||
ll In«; «!scle box-riait t>*ck; ekirt B h r*te ail-over ln Cluny CO Kfl
l» poroaJin* llnM; c«r.e« tn all lenrtha '¦ f ar j irJct Per yax4 «Do«OU £W
| JAd •!*?•; eizes 82 to C«Q ftH ! P".lnt <3e MiiaiV'a cut-out ail-over: del- |5j
11 ° .___.— .__„ V«J^.»t»Vf , icaVf mere g0 than (6( 6 Uf ua.i : yet. fcr ga
1 1 | tfce beauty, very reason- §2 50 *
ji rich ribbons for Easter S*ii«m«*«*in4Ve<jjpiw to match ne»-
15 ! fiik taffeta vesting?; both in -cut-
H Kol iX «3 and r> rlfcboaa. la fancy '¦ out ar.d solid effects.... Cfi Cvft
H Bt-rw. pUJfis and lace effects: ererr I Yard OV>»t>vF \
W etsjle x^A taste calls for: both ln self ! -rues, for added richness, white taTfeta
colors azdeoiors on wfc!te jrrand: a n-over vesting, embroidered with itold P
y SSffir^Jg^^KS 25c j f^^.!^;;;:::::::::::::: 64.50
"PCHE AP A SXOWFLAKE."
•SWEET AS AN ORANGE BLOSSOM."
"On the Suwanee River"
AS AJs A
PRETTY A PICTURE.
— THIS WEEK ONLY —
*TIVOLI*
ETEHT EVEXINO. MATINKE SATURDAY.
Tb« aferry, SfucicaJ Extravaganza
MANILA BOUND
Don't Mies the Topical Sor.js, Du»t* etc
F~! th» "HOOT MON OOL.F BALLET '''
He*r tfc« "GREAT PATRIOTIC FINALE/ 1
Popular Prices. • . . .25 and 50 Cents
Telephone Bneh ?.
NEXT WEEK-
"THE BQHEMIAN GIRL"
Axril Itth— Masxlflceat Production cf
•'THE WIZARD OF THE NiLE."
7
DANTE5%c per lb; Nectarines, Si&Sc; Pears, 3V?4V-c
for dark and 7f*Se for bright halves: lilack
Figs, 2©2Hc; White Figs. 203 c; -Bleached
Plums, S^Uc; unbleached Plums, 7@7V4c ¦ for
pitted and lUc for unpltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard. 8c; prime, Cc; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 3.— Money on call, steady
at %V~<H per cent; last loan, 4 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4H@S>,; per cent. Sterling
exchange, firm, with actual business in bank-
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 3— The two most' potent
factors in to-day's stock market were Federal
£teel erd the Baltimore and Ohio stocks. The
pressure to liquidate the former had a de
cidedly unsettling Influence on the whole mar
ket in the morning and the strength of the lat
ter stock wrved to ftiffen prices during the
afternoon and to retrieve to a large extent
thf early decline. The opening In Federal
Steel was wide and the price was axm carried
down to 4?. a drop of i\ from yesterday's
close. It rallied 2 points, but went off again
in the last fifteen minutes of th? market to
the lowest, developing rmewed signs of weak
ness in the rest of the list. Tne selling of
the stock wa.s due to the practical admis-sion
of the failure to amend the charter at the
annual meeting yesterday which was equiva
lent to abandonment Ot further dividend dis
trlbatfcma this year owing to legal cbstacles.
Tl.e Ftrt-ngth in Baltimore and Ohio developed
aSt'^r the executive committee had convened.
It was generally understood that this meeting
would consider the- granting of additional
right* to stockholders. A n«?w rumor found
circulation atxjut every five minutes as to what
the richt wuuld t>e. and the speculation in the
etocks of the company was very active. The
common stock touched fcv-, and the preferred
£5, and both reacted nearly 2 points on proflt
utking. helping to the easier tone in the close.
London was a free seller in the early dealings
and heljxM to the opening reaction. While
there w*-re no very large offerings brought out
at the de-'!ine the demand for stocks was de
cidedly lens urgent than In the recent mar
ket and when the dullness and firmness
prompted to an advance large offerings to
realize were brought out when prices got back
to last night's level. The market gave evidence
of the pressure r.f large speculative holdings
to .realize, but holders evidently fe!t them
•-lves strong enough to withhold their offerings
at any cor.."idf-rable concession. Outside a few
stocks to-day's movement in prices was nar
row. There was considerable strength In the
grangers under the leadership of St. Paul,
l/ased t>n a vrry heavy grain movement now
polng over the Western lines. The trunk lines
were firm on the large east-bound shipments
l*»sldep the sympathetic effect of the movement
of Baltimore and < iliio stocks. The rally from
the low point reached In a number of prom
inent railroads, but finally eased off. leaving
most of the day's changes small and mixed I
between Bains ar.fi IOBMC Sugar was actively '
dealt in. but after an early decline of over a |
iKiint moutiwj upward 4 points on the reported '
.-.- «.:,!.• in the rrice of raw sugars. The price j
eas<-.l oTt in the last decline, bringing; the net '
advance dnwn to 114. The money market !
worked somewhat easier to-day as the lnflu- 1
ence of the April rlisbursrTierits Is beginning to
be felt. There in no further apprehension In
stock market circles on money market Con-
Kiilerations.
The bond market continued quite active and
clisr.ges in pr!c»t< • Bere mixed. Total sales.
I-sr value. $4.7.'0,<)00.
United Suites 3s fcoupnn), new 4s and ts
declined % In the N* price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares Closing
Fold. Ftock*- Jjfd
r«.rt-3 Atchi-on «i %
ri.TSS Atchison prefd -y
7F.956 Baltimore & Ohio "" }. 6) *
Canadian Pac'ftc ~ sfis *
'. Canada Southern ~" fc ji*
• ts.'iO ' Chesax ip ak«> & Ohio " 32^
¦1,99* OhicHKO Great Western ; u»*
. :i.T7O Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 12->i.
2,J«Xi Chiciixo Ind a. Louisville j^
500 Chicago Ind i- L-misvllle prefd...!! isu
Chlc-a-go A: Eas t« a Illinois ; .]O2
100 "Chicago & Northwestern.? IC3U.
J1.270 Chicago Rock Island &. Pacific....! 113-1
3,0*0 O O O i: St Loui.« &-,."*
42T. Colorado Southern C*
200 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4-,^
Colorado Boßtbern 2i prefd 19 '
1.200 Delaware &. Hudson I]s
Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. lsou
i2O« Denver & Rio Grande 2T'^
1,323 Denver &. Uio Grande prefd 741,
300 Erie 34
10» Erie Ist prefd 42%
1..V10 Grfat Northern prefd lfifii,
230 Hocking Coal »'
3»0 HofkiKK Valley... ?.r,i±
4i>o Illinois Central llfii^
GGO lowa Centra! ]M .
LO4S lowa Central prefd 56*
C 3 Kanxas City Pittsburg & Gulf 20
4.C10 Lak« Erie 6: W.'stem »t^
30$ Lake Erie & Wetiern prefd Kb
Lake Shore ". 200*
6.2:.0 Txralsville & Nashville 86»i
i,Cu Manhattan L Ss?i
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Catherine Dwyer (widow) to Joseph F. and
Frank A. Dwyer (trustee), lot on SE corner ot
Post and Polk streets, E 66:10* 4 by S 120, trust
deed (reserving life estate); $10.
Elizabeth and Frederick Behre to Anne C.
Toft, lot on N line of Page street. 1S1:3 \V of
Pierce. W 23 by N 137:6; $10.
Marie Howe, Mary E. Hoffenegger (or 11. E.
Hafenegger) (by Theodore 7» Hardee, commis
sioner) to Pacific Mutual Building and Loan
Association, lot on SW corner of Jefferson and
Baker streets. W 137:6 by S 103:6; $7300.
Llna Benz (Stoffel) to G. F. Terschuren. lot
on N line of Clay street, 77:6 E of Spruce, E 30
by N 100; $10.
Bernard and Rosa L. Pos to Gray Bros.
Crushed Rock Company, let on S line of Union
street. 160:5 W of Sansome, W 22.11 by S 65:9;
$10.
Timothy Halloran to John J. Halloran, lot
on W line of Mason street, 20 N of Clay, N 20
by W 60; gift.
Same to same, lot on W line of Mason street,
40 S of Malvina place. S 20 by W 57:6; gift.
Same to same, lot on N line of Pacific street,
30 W of Leavenworth. N 60 by W 16:7; gift.
Catherine Dwyer (widow) to Catherine Dwyer
(femnie sole), lot on SE corner of Hyde and
Jackson streets. S 22:11 by E 79:5 (reserving
life estate); gift.
Same to Elizabeth Pfister, lot on E line of
Hyde street. 45:11 S of Jackson, S 23 by E 73:6.
same; gift.
Same to Joseph F. Dwyer. lot on E line of
Hyde street. 22:11 S of Jackson. S 23 by E 70:6,
same; gift.
Same to Man' Blsonette. lot on E line of
Hyde street, 6S:11 S of Jackson. S 22:9. E 102:6,
N iO:S. XV 23. N 12:1. W 79:6. same; gift.
Same to Frank A. Dwyer. lot on E line of
Hyde street. 91 :S S of Jackson, S 22:9 by E
102:6. same: gift.
Same to Ann Wrieht. lot on E line of Hyde
street. 114:5 S of Jackscn, S 23:1 by E 102:6,
same; £lft.
Ezekiel B. and Catherine Vreeland to August
Busse. lot on E corner of South Park and Cen
ter ;ilace. being 197: C NW of Brannan street
and 20J:6 SW of Second. SE 107:6 by N"E 25:
nlso undivided one-twenty-sixth interest in
lot on South Park. 2 Deeds of Trust 26; $10.
Robert K. and Eupherr.ia Happersberg«?r to
E. L. Wemple, lot on, NW line of Stevenson
street. 273 SW of Sixth. SW 25 by NW 73: $10.
Cornelius Connahan to Margaret A. and Ellen
B. Connahar., lot on NW line of Jessie street,
130 SW of Sixth. SW 25 by NW 73: gift.
Henry Kroecer to Mary Kroecer, lot on SE
corner of Lena ptace and Illinois street. E 60
by S 23; also lot on W line of lowa street, ICO
N of Solano. N 23 by W 100; $10.
Minta Lawrence to Rosa V. Morblo, lot 15,
block 223, Outside Lands; $10.
Qulncey A. and Eunice M. Chase to Margaret
A. Murphy, lot on S line of Garfleld (Sherman)
street. 100 E of Byxbee, E 25 by S 100, lot 23,
block 13. City Land Association; $10.
Louis Zeh to Herman Scbwarz, lot on S line
of McAllister street, 137:6 E of Gough, E 276
by S 120; $10,330.
John C. Kinder to Mamie Weber (Kinder),
lot on S line of Watler street, 131:3 E of Steiner'
E 25 by S 120; gift.
Martin A. C. Chrlstensen to Elizabeth Behre
r?record 1193 D. ISB. lot on N line of Page street
1S1:3 W of Pierce. W 23 by N 137:6: $1500.
Catherine Fleming to Nora E. Fleming and
Mary A. Sullivan, undivided one-half of lot on
E line of Guerrero street. 114 N of Twentv
second. N 24 by E 103; gift.
Nora E. Fleming to Mary A. Sullivan, all
same; $10.
Mary A. and J. D. Sullivan to Peter Halen
same: $10.
Savings and Loan Society to Mary A. Sulli
van. S2S p. 73, all Interest in same (quitclaim
deed); .
William and Annie Wright to Robert White
lot on W !ln» of Valencia street, 133 S of Twen
ty-fifth. S 3:6 by W 90; $175.
Catherine M. Bender to .Toslah D. Bender lot
on S line of Twenty-ninth street 235 W of
Sanchez. W 23 by S 114: gift.
Emma 11. Crocker to Alice 11.. Alexander II
nnd Emma W. Rutherford, undivided twn-1
thirds of lot on S line of Bush street. 77-6 W
of Leavrnworth. W 30 by S 137:6; also prop
erty outside of county; grant.
Charles Schlesslnwr to Calvin E. Knicker
bocker, lot on N line of Pine street 137-6 W
of Hyde street. W 61 by N 137:6: $10.
David and Annie S. Schoenfold (Berchofer>.
O. anil Mary L. Burmelster (Berghefer) to Jud
son Manufacturing Ccmpany. lot on NW lln»
of Tehama street, SO SW of First. SW 23 by NW
SO: Hi).
Judson Manufacturing Company to Henry E.
Bothln, rerecord 1533 D. 172. same: $10.
Bank of California n Franz ColHsehmn. lot
on f> line of Chestnut street. ICO W of Powell.
W 63 by S 137:6: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
David Cohen (owner) with F. C. Jor.es. Ge^rga
Peterson and James Rountree (contractirs>.
architect Philip Schwcrdt— Concrete, brick and
carpenter work. etc.. excluding plumbing.
painting, electr'c work, gas fixtures, shades
and mantels for two 3'story frame building!"
with basements (S flnts) on lot on S line of
O'Farrell ftreet. 175 W of Lapuna. W 50 by S
12f>. Western Addition lot 2T>: $11.2«>.
Same owner with O. C. Sweeny (contractor),
architect same— Sewerini*. nl'imbin^ and gas
fitting for rrt~~" "T- ':>t<; ril.'O.
THE STOCK- MARKET.
Business was fair on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange, but fluctuations were few.
Paauhau was firmer at $30 37Vi and Hawaiian
weaker at $S6@S5 50.
A further decline In Hawaiian to $S4 50 was
the only change in the afternoon.
There was nothing new in the oil stocks.
The Alaska Packers' Association will pay
dividend No. 76 of 75 cents on the 12th.
The Hume Bros. & Hume will pay a divi
dend of 65 cents • per share this month.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. ADril 3—2 d. m
Bid. Ask. 1
U S Bonds—
4s quar coup.. 115^115*4
4s tlo reg lloUH5*4
4s do cp new.. 133% 134%
3s do coup llO^lllU
Miscellaneous—
Cal-st Cab 5s.. 117 —
C C Wat as....liKU —
EdLfiP 6s..l2J —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 1H —
Oeary-st R 5s. — 92%
ii a & s 5%s. — —
Do oa 103 —
I-i A Ity £s Iu3>i —
L A T.. Co 5s.. — -.
Do eatd 6s.. — —
Do gntd 5s.. — —
L A & P Ti 5s.lO2»; —
Market-st 6s...l2Si4 — »'
Do 1st M 5S..116 117 '
X C NOR 7s.lOS —
N R of Cal 6B.113U —
N R of Cal 5s.ll4^113)i
N' P C R n 6s. 104% —
Bid. Ask.
Cent L & P... — 4»i
Eqult G I- Co. S*i 4
Mutual El Co. 11% 13
0 G L & H.... 4«ij —
Pac Oas Imp.. 51% 52>-i
Pac L Co — 45
S F G & E.... SHI 63
San FYanclsco. 4 l - 4*4
Stkn G & E Co 10 " —
Insurance —
Flrem's Fund. 223 —
Bank Stocks —
Anclo-Cal Ltd. — 66£
Rank of Cn>..410 —
Cnl S D & T..101H103
First National — 230
Lon P & A. ...132 —
Merchants 1 Ex 13 —
Savings Banks —
Ger S & L..1S10 —
Hum S & L. — —
Mut Sav Bk. 43 —
S FSav U.. 610 —
Sav & L So. 74 73
are those of 2.100,000 bushels at Northwestern
interior elevators, 517.000 bushels at Chicago
private elevators and 65.000 bushels at Omaha.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Portland.
Or., and Tacoma" and Seattle, Wash., decreased
53, 000 bushels last week!
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 3.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2600;
generally steady; Inferior quality. Natives-
Best on sale to-day, $5 03; good to prime sleers,
$4 no@s 65; poor to medium, $4 15©4 73; selected
feeders, firm. $4 20.^4 83; mixed stockers about
steady. $3 40^4; cows. $3@4 25; heifers, $3 10@
4 60; canners, $2Q2 75; bulls, $2 60@4 25; calves
about the same as a week ago, $4^6 25. Texans
—Best on sale to-day, four cars, $4 CO; Texas
fed steers, steady, $3 90ifj"5; Texas bulls, steady.
13 20*? 3 CO. ...
HOGS— Receipts, 36,000; to-morrow, 25.000- left
over, 1500; active, 3c to 10c higher; good clear
ance. Mixed and butchers. $5 2055 50; good to
choice heavy. $5 35<ga 50; rough heavy, $5 20rri!
5 30; light, $3 lifro 42*; bulk of sales. $3 33®
SHKF.P- Receipts. 16.000; sheep about steady;
lambs 10c lower. Good to choice wethers. $6"©
6 30: fair to choice mixed. $5J16; Western sheep
t'< 735J6 SO; yearlings. $6®6 r.O; native lambs
*5 3C@7 35; Western lambs, $6 2357 33.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, April 3.— The demand for wool here
continues to be slow. Prices are not materially
weaker, but the slow demand has a tendency
to depress the market and some grades have
been marked lower In order to encourage busi
ness. Territory wools are nominal In price.
About 574i«Sc scoured Is a fair quotation for
fine medium and fine, while C3Q65c scoured la
quoted for choice staple goods. Fleece wools
are quoted lc lower in price to meet trade.
Quotations:
Unwashed medium, etc., Missouri quarter-
Mooil, combing, 2G<§2GM:C: three-eighths blood
2Gif?2»i%c: Georgia, 24ft25c.
Territory wools — Montana and Dakota, fine
medium r.nd fine 22 to 23c, scoured 68060 c,
staple CSfJO; Utah, Wyoming, fine medium
and fine 19Jy20c, scoured 63(fj53c, staple 63<g65e:
Idaho, fine medium and fine ]Sstl9c, scoured
LStiCOc, medium 20<fi23c, scoured j3@34c.
Australian, v scoured basis, spot prlcpg, comb-
Ing superfine nominal, 93@S5c; good, SSQ9Oc;
average, 80@83c.
• ¦ > Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., April S.— Clearings, $302,
00; balances, $54,453.
Northern Wheat Market,
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. Aortl 3.
Stmr South Portland. Hall, lIS hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld, 90 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen, 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Bonita, Nlcolson. 7S hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Sunol, Green, 96 hours from Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Aberdeen. Hlgffins, 74 hours from As
toria.
Haw bark Manua Ala. Smith. 23 days from
Honolulu.
Bktn S N Caitle. Langfeldt. 17 days from
Honolulu.
Schr Aloha, Fry. IS days from Honolulu.
Schr A M Baxter, Marshall. 29 days from
Hllo.
CLEARED.
Tuesday, Aprtl >.
Stmr Ruth, Lundqulst. Seattle; E T Kruse.
Bark Ferris S Thomßson. Mark. ChtgnUt:
Hume Bros & Hume.
Schr Frolic. Rydell. Unga; C F Rydeli.
SAILED
• Tuesday. Aprtl S.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgrett, Ventura.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. San Dlegro, etc.
Stmr State of California. Gate. Astoria.
Stmr Washtenaw. Gilboy. Tacoma.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. .
Stmr Noyo, Fosen, Fort Brassr.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Br ship Balasore. Lloyd. Queenstown.
Br shio Reliance, Robertson, Queenstowa.
Bark Prussia. Jensen. Cooks Inlet.
Schr Impossible, Low. Point Reyes.
Schr Stanley. Schmalr. codflshing.
Bktn Fremont. Kelton, Unsa.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel. Coqullle River.
Schr Ocean Spray, Larsen. Iversens Landing.
Schr Mayflower. Otsen. Coqullle River.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 3, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity IS miles.
SPOKEN
March 24. lat 50 N. lon 31 "W— Ger bark J O
Glade, hence Oet 14. for Queenstown.
Per Br shlo Primrose Hill— March 22. laf 25
N, lon 133 W. ship Shenandoah. hence March
16. for Sydney.
April 1. off northwest seal rocks— Br »chr
Dora Seeward. with 600 seal skins.
DOMESTIC PORT 3.
SEATTLE— Arrived April 2— Ship Occidental,
hence March 25.
Sailed Arril 2— Stmr Excelsior, for Kodlak.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April 3— Br ttmr Bel
gian Klnsr. from Yokohama.
CASPAR— Arrived ADrll 3— Stmr C!«one. hnc
OLYMPlA— Arrived April 3— Schr Xastfs C
Rus9. from San Pedro.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April B— Stmr Se
quoia, from Newport.
WALDPORT— SaiIed March 31— Scar Ame
thyst, for San Franrtseo.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Aprtl S— Br
bark Lakemba, irom Antweo.
Sailed ADril 2— Haw stmr San Mateo. for
NanaJmo.
COOS BAY— Arrived Aprtl 2— Stmr Emptr*.
hence March 31. •
Barbound April 3-Stmr Arcata.
TACOMA— Sn iled April 3— Schr John A Camp
bell for Honolulu.
ASTORlA— bailed April 3— Stmr Columbia, far
San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS
KOBE— Arrived March 31— Br »tmr Brecon
shlre. from Victoria. B C.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed April I— Br itmr Algoa.
for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH — Arrived ADril 3— Br ship
Drumnlalr. from Tacoma: Br ship Duchalburn.
hence Soy 23; Fr bark .General de Charette.
hence Nov 2; Fr .hark MacMahon, hence Nov
10- P.r shlD Royal Forth, from Oregon; Br ship
Sliberhnrn. hence Dec 5.
F.iiled Ariri! 3— Br ship Duchalburn. for
NEWCASTLE. England— Sailed April I— Br
ship Iyoudon Hill, for San Francisco.
'qUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 3— Br ship
Castle Rock, hence Nov 9; Br ship Dimsdale.
hence Nov 3; P.r ship Fairport. hence Oct 17:
Hr shin Port Patrick, hence Nov 10: Br ship
St Mungo. from Oregon; Br ship Valkyrie, hnc
Nov 17; Br hark Forfarshlre. from Oregon; Br
bark Invereawhl. hence' Nov :.V. Ger bark J C
Glade, hence Oct 11 : Fr bark Saint Anne, hnc
Nov 13.
Sailed Arril 3— Br ship Castle Rock, for Run
corn: Rr ship Falroort. for Cardiff; Br shla
Port Patrick, fnr Cardiff.
ANTWKRP— SaiIed March 31— Br ship Glen
anl. for Puret Sornd.
VALPARAISO— Arrived— U S stmr Manning
from New York, for San Francisco.
NANTES— SaiIed- Fr hark Mollere. for Swan
set, to loari for San Francisco.
KTNSALE— Pa«sed April 2— Br ship Castle
Rock, hence Nov 9, for Qtieenstown; Rr ghlt>
Fairnort. r-«nce Oct 7: for Qt'eenstown *
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed March 31— Dr shiD
Clan Buchanan, for San Frinclscn.
XANAlMO— Arrived ,\;- r ll 2-Br stmr Robert
Ailim«nn. hft" 1 * March ??
PORT PIR!*-— Ar-'ve.! March tt-Schr W H
Talfvt. fr-m P"ri G*-nM-. April I— Schr Wm
Bowden. fron Prr» TlsVoi.v.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Sal V.I Arrll 3— Stmr P*->vlc for Llvcrrv>nl
ffib^fe" ror r - Temen - vla
Shipping Intelligence.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — * 87Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 SStt
New York Exchange, sight — 17^:
New York Exchange, telegraphic — *!iO
Fine Silver, per ounce — &9Vi
Mexican Dollars 4SU 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— A ship has been taken
at 40s, usual options. The chartered Wheat
fleet in port has a registered tonnage of 24,700,
aeainst 47C4 tons on the same date last year;
disengaged, 4600 tons, against 36,500; on the way
to this port, 151.700 tons, against 171,400.
WHEAT— The Balasoro takes for Cork 91,630
ctls. valued at $:U,630.; Reliance, for Cork, 50,
775 ctls at $79,970.
Paris was higher. Liverpool stood about the
same. It was a holiday at Chicago.
The local market continued dull, with a slight
decline In futures. Exports from this port in
March were 972,062 ctls, valued at $390,941, mak
ing total exports thus far this crop year of
4,322,635 ctls, valued at $4,652,b59.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 96'i(g:97V2C; milling,
OS%3U Oltt.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December — 4000 ctls.
$1 OGH; J>ooo, $10514 ; 10.00"). $103; May— lo,ooo,
ySc; 6000, 97T6e; 6000 97% c.
Afternoon Session— December— Sooo ctls, $1 054:
SOOO. $105; 10.U00. $10ITs; May— 4ooo, 97% c; 4000,
BARLEY— The few Eales aro at previous
prices and the market is as dull as ever.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and C3(572Hc for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, SO®
i7Vic; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:13 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OA'IS — There is nothing doing and the old
quotations still rule.
.White. $1 10-fil 30; Red. 95c®$l 17^; Gray,
$1 07>*igl 13: Black, 97UcQ$l 05.
CORN— Offerings are not heavy, but the de
mand is small and quotations are unchanged.
EastJrn White Is quoted at $1 OSJjI 07^4 per ctl
and Eastern Yellow at $ligl 10; mixed, $1 05'(i
1 <*7>-i D«r ctl.
RYE— 97>ic@sl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60<£? 3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25 5? 3 per. barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 JO;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 23^3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4<si4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50;
Rolled Oats (barrels), $6fi7: > 3; in sacks, $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feed Stuffs.
The rain and heavy shipments from Oregon
have lowered Bran again. Otherwise there is
nothing new. Hay continues very dull.
BRAN— $l2@l3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SICif?ir> :>er ton.
FEEDBTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15®17 per
ton; Oilcake Menl at the mill, $26@27; Jobbing,
$27 f.OfjiS; Cocoanut Cake. $20®21; Corn Meal,
$23 50'<( 24 ; Cracked Corn, $247*24 50; Mixed Feed,
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7<59 for common to good; $9 30
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat,
$Gso(fj9; Oat, J6&S; Barley, $5(t?7; Alfalfa, $6®
7 50 i>er ton.
STRAW— 2S@3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
While there Is not much doing In Beans, they
are as firm as ever. Seeds are dull and nom
inal, as usual at this time of the year.
BEANS— Bayos, $3®3 25; small White, $3 25-3
3 50; large White, $3 20<£3 23; Pink, $;jr2 S3; Red,
$3r>o'g3 7o; Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nominal:
Lima, $3 25; Pea, $3 40(83 50; Red Kidneys, $3 50
<t?4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4V4i?j4%c; Flax. $1 90«?2 20; Canary,
3Vic per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9'590c: Rape, 2Hi@3c; Hemp, 4£4Vsc;
Timothy. Va JVic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2 23; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are scarce. Potatoes are dull at the old
figures. New Potatoes are firmer under light
receipts. The Vesetable market Is well sup
plied and nnt materially changed, except Peas,
which are scarcer and hither.
Receipts were 1696 boxes Asparagus, 441 boxes
Rhubarb, li*s sacks Peas and 82 eacks New Po
taoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 65075 c: River Reds,
nominal: Burbanks. 40f165c per sack; Oregon
Burbanks. 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes, $2#2 25 f or
Merced; New Potatoes. IS/2c.
ONIONS— S2 750J3 25 for good stock.
VEGETAHL.ES— Khubarb. 50cg|l 25 per box:
Asparagus, CicHSl per box for Xo. 2 and $125®
1 50 for No. 1 and Jl 75<g2 for fancy larpe; Green
IVas, $1 2.">tfi2 per sack; Strln* Hpans, 5@9c; Cab
bagp, 40@50c: Tomatoes, $1 S0S2; Egg Plant
from Los Anpeles, C@10c; Iiried Okra, 32(4c per
lb; Garlic. 2 1 yg3 1 ie; Green Peppers from Loa
An^elee, 12U(f{2<V:; Dried Peppers, SQ'lOc; Carrots,
25@3Sc per sack; I>os Angeles Summer Squasb,
75c(fj$l 23 per box; Cucumbers, 50c@Jl 50 per
dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Hrn.« and old stock are dull, but good young
Poultry sells oft well. The quotations for Game
are getting nominal, as receipts are dwindling
steadily.
POULTRY— Live Turkej-s. 9©llc for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $2@2 25-
Goslings. «2 25<fT2 75; Ducks. $4 50(g5 50 for old
and $4 50i55 50 for young: Hens, $3 SOS'S; Young
Roosters, $6(^7; Old Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers,
$5 50fa6; Broilers, $4f?5 for large and $3@3 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME-Hare. $1; Rabbits, $1@1 25; Gray
Geese, $2(g2 50; White, 50c;. Brant. 75c@$l 60;
Honkers, $3 per dozen; English Snipe, $2 50;
Jack Snipe, $1 50. * -
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Another %c has been lopped off Butter, as re
ceipts are too large for the demand. Cheese is
weak st the recent decline.
Store Kgfe's are In demand and firmer, but
ranch Eggs are in large receipt and dull. !
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 17@17%c; seconds,
16@16>6c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16c; good to choice, 15@13'£c;
common, 14c. " I
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 7 1 ,4@Sc; old, 7c;
Young America, 8 ! /4@9c; Eastern, 15@16c; West
ern. 13^t@15o per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@13'.£c for store and 14®
15c per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges are well cleaned up and prices are
higher. ' Limes are plentiful and lower. Lemons
stand about as before. There are not many
here.
Prices for Strawberries are declining: under
increasing receipts.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES— 75(f?90c per box for common, $1(^1 50
for good to chole* and $1 75(02 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— S6@B per chest for large
and $10^17 for small berries.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 23^3 25
per box; Seedlings. $I@l 73; Lemons. $I@l 50 |
for common and $2@2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. $5; California Limes, ; [
Bananas, $I@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $435
per dozen. - ¦;:•',: r:
Dried Fruits' A T uts and Raisins.
Stocks of Peaches, Apricots, Pears and Ap
ples are considerably smaller than usual at this
time of the year, and In fact are about cleaned
up. Apricots have been • practically out for
several months. There are still 300 or more
cars of Prunes left, but dealers expect that
they will clean up before the new crop. Nuts
and Raisins are dull and unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks. 4JJ4Vic for
40-50's, 3%<g4c for 60-60's. 3'^c for GO-70s, 3Vic
for 70-SO'b, 3@3Uc for 80-90's nnd 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, lltctWic for Royals. 12HQ15C
for Moorparks and 12igi3'4c for Blenheims;
Peaches. T.'MtCc for Standards, 6H@6?ic for
choice and-7(f;Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 10©
TO SAIL.
NEW YORK. April 3.— FLOUR— Receipts,
33,130 barrels; exports, 7700 barrels; market for
winter straits and low grades winter was
fairly active and firmer to arrive, but other
wise the trade in flour was quiet all day.
WHEAT— Receipts, 64,750 bushels; exports,
42.550 bushels; spot quiet and easy; No. 2 red,
79T»c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76% c elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 77% c f. o. b. ; No. 1
hard Duluth, 79T4c f. o. b. Options opened
easier In response to disappointing cables, but
recovering advanced on strength in corn and
higher French markets and held reasonably
firm all day. Trade was very dull owing to
the holiday at Chicago except near the close,
whfn it improved on covering: closed firm,
Vsii'Vic net advance: May, 73 13-165?74%c, closed
at 74^0; July, 74@74^4c closed at 74 L 2 c; Sep
tember. 74 I s'fr74'" a c, closed at 74% c.
H< )PS-Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull
COFFEE— Futures closed steady, with prices
Sfilfi points net higher: sales, 15.200 bags. In
cluding April. $G 45; May. $6 50; July, $6 55;
September, $6 73^7; November, $6 SU; Decem
ber, $7; January, $7 05. Si>ot coffee— Rio quiet;
No. 7 invoice, 7%c nominal; No. 7 Jobbing,
SUe; mild, market quiet; Cordova, 9V4 1 5'14c.
SUGAR— Raw, Irregular; refined, market ir
regular
BUTTER— Receipts, 10,324 packages; unset
tled; Western creamery, 191i22c; factory, 17
& inc.
EGGS— Receipts. 24.8:9 packages; steady;
Western at mark, 11-> t c; Southern at mark,
n&m«c.
Price changes were conspicuous by their ab
sence in evaporated apples to-day. Desirable
grades continue to hold steady while others
remain quiet at old basis of operations. Cali
fornia dried fruits were Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4^fc."c: prime, s s i (?J6c;( ?J6c; choice, 7!^7 1 />c; fancy,
1\ 'n S We.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3'if?7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 13015 c; Moorpark. 15«l«!c.
I'EACHES— Peeled, lSyj22c; unpeelcd, 7fe f t!Sc.
Nezv York Metal Market.
>T,W YORK, April 3.— There was a good
business d<-me on the Metal Exchange to-day.
Considerable irregularity was developed. Tin,
in the face of unfavorable advices from abroad,
declined 2." to 75 points from yesterday's ad
vance, rlnslne dull, at $31 50 bid and $32 asked.
Copper and spelter, however, ruled firmer and
somewhat higher on a good export movement,
together with stronrr cables from London. Cop
per closed firm. 50 points higher for the day. at
Jl7 10. Snelter closed firmer, at $4 00 bid and I
$4 6"> ask<-<l. Lead continues unchanged, at ¦
$4 «7H bid and $4 72Vi asked. Piglron warrants i
rul^d dull.' The brokers' price for lead was i
$4 4i and for copper $17 25. j
Charters.
Th» Mary Dodge loads redwood at Eureka
for Honolulu.
The Primrose Hill and Bardowle were char
tered pricr to arrival for wheat to Europe, 355.
Coinage of the Mint.
The ccir.aire of the loral Mint wa» 12.755.C75,
against $4. .'.70.000 In March. 1539. For the first
r.lnt months >'f the fiscal year the coinage is
J43.717,57.i. a»rainst $.r.2,&0}'.323. r .2,&0}'.323 last year, as fol
lows: Double eagles. $22,021,000; eaglet*. $S.
70S.tK)0; half-eagles. $1,470. ("Cxj; dollars. f54*.000;
half-dollar*. $760,297; quarter-dollars. t^2,675;
dimes, $:23.000.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 3—5 p. m.
The foilowir.c are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
Cf-ason, and rainfall In last twenty-fcur hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 h«urs. season. 6eason.
Eurtka O.OS 44TS1 31.33
R<^l Bluff 0.04 15. 77 15.37
Sacraniento 0.04 16.05 13. 51
Sim Francisco 0.11 17.47 15. 3S
Fresno 0.16 17.32 6.76
lndei«?ndence 0.00 2.7b 1.16
San Luis- < >t>ispo t>.o6 15.01 14.77
L.IS Aneeiet 0.12 5.fi7 4.7»
San Diego 0.21 3.37 4.5!>
Yuma 0.0.) 0.77 LSI
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
£?; minimum, 48; mean, 53.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The disturbance over Utah this morning has
apparently <ji\ ided, the southern portion extend
ing over Arizona #nd California south of the
T<-hachii j i. Heavy showers are reported over
Southern California and eastward to New Mex
ico. At San Diego rain is falling, with a
maximum wind velocity of Z^ miles p*r hour
from the northwest. The following additional
high winds are reported: Yuma. 32 miles from
the northwest : San Luis Ohltpo, 30 miles wr-st.
A thunderstorm Is reported at San Luis
Obisjw.
The temi^rature has fallen alxrjt 20 degrees
over Utah, Arizona end Southeastern Califor
nia.
Forecast Trade at San Francisco for thirty
hroirs ending midnight, April 4. IS"K>:
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; light
northei If winds.
S'->uth»-m California — Oearing Wednesday";
cooler in the morning: light northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday; warmer.
Utah— Cloudy Wednesday; warmer Wednes-
Arizor.a— Unsettled weather, with ehower«,
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
lijrht northerly winds, changing to westerly.
ALEXANDER G. MrADIE.
Forecast Official.
14.233 Metropolitan Street Railway 1024 I
2w» Mexican Central 13\ |
300 Mian & St Louis <S7?i 1
Minn & Si Louis pretd 96
5,75u Mihsourl Paritic 4i> L i I
iiw Mobile & Ohio 474 1
lOy Missouri Kansas & Texas lls 2
3,^5u Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 3j-fr
Z,i.iJ(i New Jersey Central lli>U
14,541 New York CrntnU loi;»
j IMJi Norfolk & Western 36 !
Oi Norfolk A: Western preld 76'^ !
21.H4U Northern Pacific (iu^ j
i.CSt Northern Pacllic preld 77?» j
6,t'lX) Ontario & Western '. ! 25 v» j
Oregon Hallway & Nay 42 '
<ire«un Hallway & Nay prefd 7t> j
3.M0 lVunsyUania 139 '
2.U10 Keau-.HK 2'J^i i
46.WJ Jieading Ist jirefd 6OVs j
i 16,2iju Jieadmg id jireld 34-^ !
I Klo Urande Western 53^: J
Ulo ijramle Western prefd you '
2UO St Loujs Ac San Fran H* t j
130 i~t Louis A: San Kran Ist prefd 71'» 1
17' i St Louis &. San Fran 2d preid 37:$
IMI St Louis Southwestern '.... 12V4
I 1,400 St Louis Southwestern prefd Sl**
1 sii.i^D t-t Paul 11:544 I
l"W t-t i'aul prefd 172 j
j tit Paul Al Omaha IH'
j 15,550 Southern Pacific 4P.2 J
j 8,550 Southern Railway 15
2,100 Southern Railway prefd 60* t j
500 Texas A: I'aeitlc 17Vi 1
1 23,bi)5 Union I'acirtc Lr>^
XtoO Union Pacific prefd 77
30u Wabash 7T»
2,«y0 Wabash prefd 22>i
1.2J0 Wheeling A: Lake Erie 11 3 » ¦
J.ISI Wheeling tz Lake Erie prefd 31" k
41'J Wisconsin Central IS;*
Kxi'icts Companies—
Adams 116 Vi
American 147
L'nited States 47
\\ ells. l-aiBo& Co.'s lZi
Miscellaneous —
1.000 American Cotton OH 36^
. American Cotton Oil prefd to'j
300 American Malting 4*g
American Malting prtfd 22 l 2 1
€uu Am Smeitinc A: Kenning 4u'-2
400 Am Smelting & Ketinmg prefd SWV2
American Si'irlts 22 1 *
American taints prefd 17
1,070 American Ste^l Hoop 35U
552 American Steel Ho«';> prefd 80» t
22,275 American i-teel & Wire 56*s
100 American Steel & Wire prefd il
500 American Tin Plate 33 1 ,,
American Tin Plate prefd S3Vt I
2, G00 American Tobacco 106 » a i
American Tobacco prefd 135 1 ,! 1
3.150 Anaconda Mining Co 54 l 2 I
11.636 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71Ts !
4.65 i Colorado Fu*-1 & Iron 49» s
1.4.<0 Continental Tohacco Si'g
Continental Tobacco prefd bi\
53.495 Federal Steel 4S
2.370 Federal Steel prefd 74
2.660 General Electric HIM
Glucose Sugar .-,3^ i
125 Cilucr.se Sugar prefd oS'^ !
I'HO International Parser 22
253 International Paper prefd 66
Laclede Gas 76
180 National JSlFruit 1 Z r >\
National Biscuit prefd 90
200 National Lead 24U
li>o National Lead prefd 104%
2,170 National Steel 441,
150 National Step! 94 ]
100 New York Air Brake 12S i
700 North American l.'.'i !
Pa<-ifl> Coast 52 |
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 82 i
Pacific Coast 2d piefd 62
42fi Pacific Mail 37
I 15.X.0 I»<»or>le"s Gas 10S% !
300 Pressed Steel Car S3» t j
j Pressed Steel Car prefd 83 1
3'irt Pullman Palace Car IS4
340 Standard Roj>e & Twine 714 ]
50.(71 Supar 105*4
100 Sugar rrefd ins
2.4'»1 Tennessee Conl ft Iron 95 ,|
1,400 United States Leather.... ]3
United States leather prefd 73
400 United States Rubber 3l»*,
United States Rubber prefd as
1.020 Western Union R314
3,075 Republic Iron & Steel 2Z% 1
Republic Iron Steel prefd G~,\
P C C & St Louis C 7
Third Avenue 103 |
729,^00 £. hares sold. !
CLOSING BONDS.'
U S refunding 2s |M X & Texas 45... 93H
issued) ...ir>4 N V Central lsts..Hovi
U S 2s registered.. lOoi.X J Cent uen is. 1235 i
i; S 2-~ registered.. KiS*« North Carolina Cs .124S j
U S 3s coupon 110'. 4 North Carolina 45.. 106 " I
U B new 4s reg....lM» 4 Northern Pac 35... CS\ '¦
U S new 4.« coup.ll3\ Northern Pac 45...1MV2!
U S o!d 4s reg 115 N YC& St L 45...1051
U S old 4s coupon. 113 Xor & W cons 4s 3SS I
U S Sa registered.. ll4>; Nor & W E«-n G5.V.133, I
U S Ts coupon 114' 4 Oregon Nay 15t5...110 !
Dist of <V.l 3.C3s 119 Oregon Nay 4s 104 Vi I
Atchison g<>n 4s 10ri«i o K Short Line Cs 127»4. '
Atchison adjust 4s. S3 • Or S L cons 5s 114 '
Canada Sou 2ds 1065s' Reading gen 4s 8&H
<~hes & Ohio 4»4*.. W-* Rio Grande W lsts 59'^
dies & Ohio 55.... 120 StL & I M cons 55.11 l
C & Nor cons 75. ...142 «t L 4- S F gen 65.120
C & N S F Deb 55.122% St Paul c0n5015.... 171
Chicago Term 45... 87 ;St I' C & P lsts 119%
Denver & It G 15t5.103«4 St Paul C & P 55..12(><4
rJfnver & R G 4g.. 99H Southern Ry a 5 ....113
B T Va & Ga l*tß.lf'2'. 4 Standard R & T 6s 72
Erie general 4s 74V*iTenn new set 35... 95>i
Ft W & D C lsts.. 72 |'I>xas & Pac lcts..ll4Vi
Gen Electric ss....llsU[Texas. 115U [Texas A- Pac 2d5... 56
G H & S A 65. ...110 tUnion I'aclfic 45...106 Vi I
G H & S A 2is....lcsii,\Vabash lsts 118
Houston & T C ss.no iWabash 2ds 101%
H & T C con? Cs...ns |West Shore 4s 114%
lowa Ontral 15t5. .114 jWls Central lsts... 93
X C P & G l»ts.. 74'i!Va Centuries 90
I>a new cons 4s 117*i|Va Deferred 9%
L & N tinliled 45.. 99 T * Tol Southern 4s 84%
M X & Texas 2ds.. 69ViiSouthern Pac 45... S4^i
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWest End 93
Call loan? 3%<tT4%! Wcstlnghse Elec... il\i
Time loans 4 ija Wisconsin Central. 13
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch T & St Fe... 2SU. 1 Atchison 4s W
Do prefd 73V, 1n c Gas & Coke &s 694
American Sugar. ..lWHl Mining Shares-
Do prefd 109 ; Adventure S
Bell Telephone 310 Alloucz Mln C 0.... 2%$
Boston & Albany. .243 Amalg Copper 9C>.s
Bi*ton & Maine. .m JAtlantic 27'
Chi B & Q 132Vi;noston & Montana.322
Dominion Coal 4S»iißutte & Boston... *>.","$
Do prefd 114 iCalumnt & Hec1a..7.13 1
Federal Steel 4? I *! Centennial 21V4 I
Do prefd 73ViFranklln 16% |
Fitf iiburg prefd. ..l32 JHumboldt 73
General Electric. . 131 Vi Osceola 74
Do prefd 136 jParrct T,V/j
Ed Elpc 111 205 iQuincy 13914
N X Gas & Coke.. IS Ist Fe Copper 6V>
Old Colony 2J€ [Tamarack l e 6 *
Old Dominion 23%, Utah Mining 36Vi
Rubber 32 iW'nona 5
Union Pacific •55%! Wolverines 42
Union Land S '
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar JB|Ontario 8 50
<*rown Point 06iOphir f.2
Con Cal A: Va 1 50 ] Plymouth ;.. 10
IVadwood COj Quicksilver 173
Gould & Curry 18; Do prefd 800 j
Hale & Norcross.. 22 j Sierra Nevada 50
Homestake 10 00 Standard 3 13
Iron Sliver 65] ITnlon Con 15
Mexican 22; Yellow Jacket 12
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 2.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150.Cj0,C i 0 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $136,626.2;'7; gold. $9T,936,719.
NPC R R 68.107 —
N C R R 55. ...109 —
Oak G L&HSs.IOS% —
Oak Tran 65... 113 114
Oak W Co 55.. — 1054*
Oceanic S C 0. .103% — '
Om C Ry 65.. .125 —
P & Cl Ry 65.. 104 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. — —
Powell-st R 6s. 117 —
Sag L & GRos. M) —
S F & SJV 05.113% —
S Ry of Cal 63.114 115^
S P RRofA 6s.li; —
S P C 65(1905).105% —
Do (1906) ....110 —
Do (1S12) ...."— —
Do Ist eg ss. — —
S P Br Cs 125% —
S V Water 6s.H4ii —
Do 43 104 104' i
S V V.' 4s (3dm) — 103U
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 103
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 63 —
Marin County. — —
Spring Valley. 95' i — '
Gas & Electric-
Cent G L Co.. — —
Sec Say Bk. — —
Union T Co. — —
Street Railroads —
California ....120 122
Geary-st 60 —
Market-st Ry. 62% 63! i
O S L, & H... — 50
Presidio 15% —
Powder Stocks —
California ....150 163
Giant Con Co.. — 67* i
Vlgorlt 3 —
Sugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co.. 9% 9%
Haw C&SCo 85 86\s
Honokaa S Co. 32% 32*4
Hutch S P Co. 26H 26H
Kilauea S Co.. 21S —
Makawell S Co 47Ti 45,4
Onomea S Co.. 27>, —
Paauhau S Co. 30Vi
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Assn.llS*il2o
Cal Fruit Asn.lol-\lO2 t i
Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Oceanic S Co.. 94% 96
Pac A F A.... 2 —
Pac C Bor Co. 130 —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Mornlnc Session.
Board—
5 Hana Plantation Co 9 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 00
5« Hawaiian Com'cl & Sugar,,s 90 S« no
25 Hawaiian Com'cl & Sugar, 3 SO S6 50
$10,000 Hawaiian O & S Co 5s I^s 00
31'> Hutchlnson S P Co 2S 37>4
23 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 73
40 Onomea Sugar Co 27 73
400 Paauhau S P Co 3il 37>A
5 Pacific Gas Imp 52 23
5 Pacific Gas Imp 52 CO
500 £ F Gaslight * 30
5 Spring Valley Water 95 w
Street—
25 Honokaa S Co , 32 12^
$10,000 Spring Valley 434 3 (2d mortgage).... 104 2o
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$3000 Contra Ccsta Water Bonds 100 59
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 66 50
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 86 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 85 00
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 84 62>£
95 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 84 50
$2000 Hawaiian C & S Co ss, cash 105 00
$1000 Los Angeles-Pacific R It 80nd5.... 102 73
$10tX> Oceanic S S Bonds 106 00
60 Paauhau S P Co 30 37' i
61 Spring Valley Water 95 23
60 Spring Valley Water 95 37%
Street—
450Honokaa S Co .82 12%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns: Session.
Board —
400 Anaconda CO
250 Barker Ranch 1 13
1%0 Home Oil 3 65
2i)o Yukon 1 23
Afternoon Session.
Board—
409 Anaconda 43
50 Barker Ranch 1 15
60 Caribou. ~0
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Caledonia 113 100 Ophlr 87
200 Con Cal & Va...l 63, 100 Overman 23
200 Gould & Curry. 20 1 ion Union Con 13
200 Mexican 21 100 Union Con 17
Afternoon Session.
50 Caledonia 110 200 Potosi 13
200 Crown Point.... 22 100 Savage 1«
100 Mexican 26 50 Standard 310
60 Ophir 87 100 Yellow Jacket.. 15
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morninz Session
300 Best &. Belcher 35 f 150 Gould & Curry. 20
200 Challenge Con. 24| 200 Ophlr 83
200 Chollar 17| 200 Overman 25
400 Con Cal & Va..l 63; 600 Overman 24
4CO C C & Va....l 62V4 400 Overman 23
100 Confidence 83 400 Seg Belcher 03
100 Confidence 81| SCO Union Con 13
Afternoon Session.
2PO Andes 13 200 Savage 16
700 Con Cal & Va.l 62^ 200 Savage 15
500 Gould & Curry. 20,1500 Union Con 19
200 Ophir 83!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. April 3—4 d. m
Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06
Alta 08 09
Andes 12 14
Belcher 32 33
Hest & Belcher 33 S3
Bullion 03 04
Caledonia 1 05 1 10
fhollar H 20
Challenge Con. 22 23
Confidence 80 83
Con Cal & Va.l 60 1 63
Con Imperial... 01 C 2
Con New York. 02 —
Crown Point.... 21 22
Exchequer 02 04
Oould & Curry. 20 21
Hale & Norcrs. 25 27
Julia — 03
Justice 07 08
Bid. Ask.
Kentuck 01 C 2
Lady Wash 05 —
Mexican 23 26
Occidental 12 14
Ophir 8S 83
Overman 22 24
Potos.l 19 20
Savage 13 16
Scorpion — 02
?eg Belcher 04 05
Sierra Nevada. 53 57
Silver Hill 11 13
5t Louis — 12
Standard 3Co —
Syndicate 09 —
Union Con 19 20
Utah 12 13
Yellow Jacket.. 15 —
Silver a fraction off. Exchange undisturbed.
Wheat and Wheat freights dull.
All minor cereals quiet and largely nominal.
Bran dropped back again. Hay dull and weak.
Beans firm and Seeds dull.
Onions scarce and firm. Potatoes dull.
Butter a fraction lower again.
Store Eggs advancing. Cheese zveak.
Poultry steady at previous prices. Game nominal.
Oranges cleaned up and higher.
Limes lower. Lemons unchanged.
Strawberries declining under increasing arrivals.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins unchanged.
Provisions in moderate stock and firm.
Hides rather firmer, but no higher. Wool dull and easy.
Meat market as previously quoted.
Xo change in Oils.
Decreased coinage of the local Mint.
Jr S c,, b U IS c at $1 86%@4 SG% for demand and at
$4 £2?»ei f-2% for sixty days. Posted rates,
M S3>, 2 and $4 i~. Commercial bills, $4 SIV2©
4 52>,,. Silver certificates. Co'«i«?6l«ic. Bar sil
ver. 69HC Mexican dollars, 47% C Government
bonds, weak; State bonds, strong; railroad
bonds, strong.
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 3.— Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was considerable reduction in business
here to-day on account of the approach of
Easter. The_ most pronounced activity was in
Americans, which, however, sagged all day,
and in them a smaller volume of business was
done than for some time. Most transactions
were rrulit-laklng. New York bought only St.
Paul, and the decline continued until in the
street, where there was a sudden strone re
vival on New York orders for Baltimore and
Ohio and Atchison.
Paris sold its favorites, it being pay day.
Tintos were over 59 and closed at 5S?i. London
bought Anaconda largely, up to . 11%. New
York's free profit-taking caused a relapse to
ll'i- The bank lost £6000 gold to South Amer
ica. £20.000 to Rcumania and £10,000 to an
unstated destination. Bars to the amount of
£12.000 were bought. The large amount of
money due the bank was wholly paid. New
York sold silver, but Indian buying was re
vived.
CLOSING
LONDON. April 3.— Canadian Pacific, 99V4;
Union Pacific preferred, 79H: Northern Pacific
preferred. 79H; Atchison, 23%; Grand Trunk.
kV4; Anaconda, 1H«; bar silver, steady, 27 7-16 d
per ounce.
The Stock Exchange will observe the Easter
holidays by closing Friday. April 13, Saturday,
April 14 and Monday. April 16.
New York Grain and Produce.
Fancy, per Ib, BV4c; choice. 7%c; standard, 6*4 c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 6V4c;
3-crown, G'.-ic; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. B@9c for standards and
giglOc for softshells; Almonds, llH@l2c for
paper shell. 9@loc for soft and 4@sc for hard
shell; Peanuts, 5%®6%c for Eastern and 5c
for California; Brazil Nuts, 7%@Sc; Filberts,
l°irai2V4c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb, HH@l2c for bright and 10H@
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7?« c; light amber extracted, 7%<37Vsc; dark,
s'4<g6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Stocks of cured meats are moderate and the
demand is fair. Prices are very strong at the
advance. Lard is stiff.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10>£c per lb for
heavy 10 ] 4c for light medium, ll%c for light,
ttVze for extra light and 13'^c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $12
per bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra
Prime Pork, $14 SOtfilS; extra clear. $13; Mess,
$16 50; Smoked Beef, 12»4rgi3c per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7SSc per lb for
compound and SfiS'sc for pure; half barrels,
pure, S-»ie: W-lb tins, 9Uc; 5-lb tins, 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, B@B^c per lb; 10-lb
tins. 9Hc.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Hides are a shade firmer, but no Improvement
in prices is reported. Wool Is very dull, and
the feeling is rather weak than otherwise.
Hops continue dead.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
10c; medium, 9c: light, 9c; Cowhides. 9c;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf. 9',V310c;
Dry Hides, sound. ISc; culls and brands, 15c;
Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, 19c; Sheep
skins, shearlings. lofiiSGc each; short Wool, XS<j)
60c each; medium, 70JiS0c; long Wool, $l'gl 23
each; Horse Hides, $2 2502 75 for large and 75c
Csl7s for small: Colts, 25'850c. D«er Skins-
Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medium skins.
33c: winter or thin skins. 20c. . Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 60c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5-55'^ per lb; No.
2, 4@4 l 4c; refined, 6%c; grease, 2V4®3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16@lSc; Northern defective 13®
16c; Middle County free, 15®17c; Middle
County defective. 13@15c; Southern Mountain,
12 months'. 12<g 1 14 c: do free, 7 months', 12@15c;
do defective, 7 months', 10@12c: Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20({723c; Nevada, 16018 c per lb.
HOPS— 6Vj®loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Packers expect Increased receipts of Hogs to
follow the advance, but at present they are
light. Mutton is easy at the decline. Veal and
Beef r.re steady. Lamb is easy, but no lower.
BEEF— 6^i@7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6 r a9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@Bc; ewes, 6%<g7c per
lb.
LAMB-Spring, 9<gloc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, sTsc for small and medium
and sHtjs?ic for large; stock Hogs and feed
ers, 5)4&5%c; dressed Hogs, 7@BVic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta grain
Bags, 6H<Jf6Hc; Wool Bugs, 28%S32Vsc; Fleece
Twine, 7',ic.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 C 3; Seattle,
$8 50; Bryant, $6 30; Coos Bay, $3; Wallsend, $S:
Co-operative Wallsend, $8; Cumberland, $12 In
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $14: Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ton in bulk and $17 in sacks.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, ?I#l 50; To
matoes, 73c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 40Q3 for black
nnd white: Peaches, $1 65'?fl 90; Pears $1 lO<H
ISO: Apricots. $125@170; Plums, $1203140.
COFFEE — Costa Rica — 14V4f 16c for prime
washed, 12f/Hc for good washed, 13c nominal for
good to prime washed peaberry, lie nominal
lor good to prime peaberry. V2c nominal for
good to prime. BgiQc nominal for good current
mixed with black beans, Sfi 10'ic for medium to
fair, ~%c nominal for common to ordinary. Sal
vador — HUHc for good to prime washed, 9'^(?J
10*ic for fair washed, ll@l3c for good to prime
washed peaherry, OVs'TlQVie for "good to prime
semi-washed, 10',ic for superior unwashed,
9<g9!ic for good green unwashed, 10'jc nominal
{or good to prime unwashed peaberry, 6ft 7-% o
nominal for common to ordinary. Nicaragua —
14<S 163& C for prime to fancy washed, SHfj 13c for
fair to good washed, 9'f>9 l io nominal for good to
superior unwashed, lOtfilO'.fec nominal for good
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexican— l4(?n7^4c for prime to fancy washed,
12W13HC for strictly good washed, llfill^ic for
good washed, 9Vglo-\c for fair washed, B@9H"
for medium, 6f;7*ic for inferior to ordinary-, 11
<i/13c for good "to prime washed peaberry. 10®
10' jc nominal for good to prime unwashed pea
berry, 9<fi9Vic nominal for good to superior un
washed. *
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 2S??3Oc per lb: Sole
Leather, medium, 26027 c; Sole Leather, light,
26®27c: Rough leather, heavy, 2T<fj 2>lc ; Rough
Leather, light, 25Q26c; Harness Leather, heavy,
J2?f33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30<g32c; Har
r.ess Leather, light, 2STi3Oc; Collar Leather, 15<3>
36c per foot; Kip. finished. 40<S50c per lb; Veal,
finished. 50<!?">5c: Calf, finished. 75c.fr 5120; Sides,
finished, 16$fl7c per foot: Belt Knife Splits, 14&)
16c: Rough Splits. SfilOc per lb.
OlLS— California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1,
73c; pure, $1 10: Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
71c; raw, C!*c; cases, 5c more: Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c; No. 1, 4;»c: cases,
6c more; China Nut, filfifiuc per gallon; pure
Neatsfoct Oil. barrels, 6Cc; cases, 63c; Sperm,
pure. 60c; Whale OH, natural white, 32Vjc;
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
colors, $1 25<fil 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2®
2 25 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil, In bulk. 14c; Pearl Oil, In
cases. 20c; Astral, 20c; Star, 20c; Extra Star
OH. 24c; Elaine, 23c; Eocene. 22c: Deodorized
Oasollne, in bulk, 16c; do cases, 22c: Benzine,
in bulk. lS^ic; do, cases, 21M:c; 86-dogree Gaso
line, in bulk. 21c; cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— l 6 oz..
HHc per set; 14 oz., 10'ic; 12 oz.. O'-fcc; 10 oz.,
S'&c; twelves, 12 oz. (hotel), 10Uc. Granite
Mining Candles— l 6 oz., 12fjl2>ic per set; 14 oz..
ll@llUc; 12 oz., 10'ic; 10 oz.. 9%c; twelves. 12
oz. (hotel). 10->ic Paraffine Wax Candles— Ones,
14 oz., white, 12V*c per set; twos, 14 oz., white,
12Uc; fours, 14 oz.. white. 12*ic: sixes, 14 oz.,
white. 12V*c; twelves, 14' oz., white, 12*4 c; col
ored, lc higher.
WHITK LEAD— Quoted at 7@7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 7>i@"%c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases. 7Sc; in Iron barrels,
72c; in wooden barrels, 73c.
LUCOL— Holled. barrels, 66e; raw, barrels,
64c; cases, 5c more.
QUICKSILVER— S»I SO per flask for local use
and $46 50@17 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed nnd Fine Crushed, 5.60 c; Powdered,
5.60 c; Candy Granulated, 6.20 c: Dry Granulated.
5.10 c; Confectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A, 4.70 c;
Kxtra C, 4.60 c; Golden C, 4.30 c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels. 23c mare: boxes. 50c more;
.*O-lb hags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos,
half-barrels. 5.83 c; boxes. 6.10 c per lb.
Imports from the Islands In March wer? 352.
62 C hags.
LUMBER — Retail prices are as follows: Pine,
ordinary sizes. $16i??17: extra sizes, higher;
Redwood, JHlfflS for No 1 and $15>?n6 for. No. 2:
Lath. 4 feet. $3 50@4; Pickets, $IS; Shingles,
$1 73 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21@27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 3.
Flour, fir sks ... 24,320! Middlings, sks .. 200
Wheat, ctls 3Co|Hay, tons 68
Rarley. ctls 4.550 Hops, bales 13
Oats, ctls 7GO[EgK3. doz 37.. r ,20
Corn, East, ctlt... 600 Quicksilver, flsks 211
Corn. Ctls 830 Wool, bags ISS
Cheese, ctls 77 Pelts, bdls 445
nutter, ctls 72S Hides, no 702
Tallow, ctls 225 Lime, bbls 91
Sugar, sks 200! Wine. cals 22,100
Potatoes, sks ... 2,915 1 Leather, rolls .«.."• 63
Bran. Bks 6001
OREGON
Flour, or Bks ... 6,073 Potatoes, sks ... 730
Wheat, ctls ll,7;.O Bran, sks 7,271
Barley, ctls SO Shorts, ctls 1,230
Oats, ctls 830 i
WASHINGTON.
Flour, Qr sks ... 4.SCS Hops, bales ISO
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, ' 1900.
chants' Exchar.se. San Francisco. Cal..
April 3. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of th« new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1. c . at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrography Office, U. S. N.. Mer- j
OREGON
PORTLAND, April 3.— The Portland wheat
market is firm, with some cood-slzed sales re
ported vrlthin the past forty-eight hours. The
sales were generally on the basis of 64c to Be
for Walla Walla, although the latter figure Is
about half a cent higher than Is openly quoted
In this city and Is slightly above the export
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Mar. May. July.
Opening S 10v; 5 9^
Closing 6 10 D9K
PARIS.
Wheat— Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 20 65 21 90
Cksing ...i 20 85 22 00
Flour—
Opening 2"6 20 2S 63
Closing 27 40 2S 85
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, April 3.— Special telegraphic and
cable communications to Bradstreet's show the
following changes in the available supply from
the last accounts: Wheat— United States and
Canada, east of the Rockies, decreased 1.832,
000 bushels; Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat
for and in Europe, increase, 500,000 bushels; to
tal supply, decrease, 1,352,000 bushels. Corn-
United States and Canada, east of the Rockies,
decrease. 92,000 bushels. Oats— United States
and Canada, east of the Rockies, not received.
Amone the more Important increases reported
to Uradstreet not given in the official visible
supply statement are those of 274,000 bushels at
Manitoba storage points, 162,000 bushels at Mil
waukee private elevators, 77,000 bushels at
Cleveland, 03,000 bushels at St. Joseph and 63.
000 bushels at Joliet. The principal decreases
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
value. Valley Is easy, at 53@54c, and bluestem
about 67c.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, April 3.— Wheat. Quiet and un
changed; bluestem. £6c; club, 54c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 3— Consols, 101%: silver,
27 7-16 d; French rentes. ¦ lOlf G3c; cargoes on
passage, firm, but not active; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 29s 6d.
LIVERPOOL, April 3.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, firm; flour In Paris,' firm.
COTTON-Uplands, o^d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot. nominal; futures. quiet;
April, nominal; May, 5s lOd; July, os 9Vid.
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
is Id; old, 4s l»4d. Futures, quiet; May, 4s *4d;
July, 4s %d; September. 4s l%d.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Lmvr
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 4.
NOTE— -in the above exposition of the tldea
the early morninz tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column elves the second tide of
the day. th» third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column selves the
last tide of the day, except when there ar» but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the- soundings on the
Lnlted States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus Ki^n (_> precedes th» heluht.
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
8
Weather Report.
rises s:^l
Sun
sets 6:35
II «x
¦n sets 0:00 a. m.
Time . Time Time Timel
Ft. Ft. **- Ft.
H W L, TV H W L. "W
4 .
5 .
8 .
7 .
S .
9 .
1) .
.. 2:01 6.6! 9:09 0.0 4:20 4.3 5:42 3.S
.. 252 6.2 1O:1S O.J B:» 4.3 9:53 J.J
.. 3:56 4.9 U:M 0.5 C:33 4.4 11:» 5.2
.. 6:OS 4.6 12:1S 0.7 7:2S 4.5
L.WHW L W H W
.. 0:50 3.1 6:25 4.5 1:12 0.8 8:11 4.J
• - 1:53 2.7 7:37 4.4 1:54 1.1 8:43 5»
- 2:41 2.2 8:40 4.5 2:36 1.3: 9:21 6.Z
Steamer. j From. I Dn«.
i t
Tltania Nanaimo *Apr. 4
Del Xort« Oregon Ports. Apr. 4
Laguna Tlliamook |Apr. 4
Willamette Seattle [Apr. 4
Tellus [Oyster Harbor Apr. 4
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 5
Columbia 'Portland Apr. S
Santa Rosa.. ...'San Diego Apr. 5
CoqulHe River. Grays Harbor Apr. 5
Aloha 'Crescent City Apr. 5
Samoa |Humboldt Apr. 5
North Fork Humboldt Apr. «
Moana Sydney Apr. S
Empire _ Coos Bay Apr. 8
Pomona (San Diego Apr. 7
Matteawan .... Tacoma Apr. 7
Progreso Tacoma Apr. 7
l>onc China and Japan Apr. 7
City of Para Panama Apr. 7
Orizaba Newport Apr. 7
I' m;i t ilia Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 7
Corona jSan Diego Apr. 9
Cresceni city... (Crescent City Apr. 9
State of Cal iPortland Apr. U
Bonlta iN'ewport Apr. It
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Australia .. Honolulu Apr. 4. 2 pm;Pler 7
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 4, 2 pmiPler 9
Bontta Newport Apr. 6, 9am|Plerll
City PueblalVlc & Pjrt Sd. Apr. «. lftarnPler 9
Del Xorte.. Oregon Ports. | Apr. 6, Bam Pier 19
Aloha [Crescent City. Apr. 6, 3 pm;Pler*3
Santa Rosa. San Diego [Apr. 7. 11 am Pier U
China China & Japan] Apr. 7. 1 prrijPMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 7. 2 pm'Pler 2
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 7.12 ml Pier 13
Curacao ...;Mexlco Apr. 7. 10 anvPler 11
Columbia ..[Portland Apr. 8. 10 am Pier 21
Coqullle Rv'rirays Harbor Apr. * !
Samoa IHumboldt |Apr. 8, 10amiPleri3
City Sydney ! Panama [Apr. 9. 12 mFMSS
Coos Bay.. I Newport (Apr. 9. 9 am!Pl»>r It
Xorth ForkiHumboldt Apr. 9. 9am!Pler 3
Corona iSan Dlesro 'Apr. 11. 11 amtPier 11
i.orona .... ciun/insn -^vyr. it, n»ra:rwr v
Umatllla ..(vie & Pet SdJApr. 11. lf>amPler 9
State of CaljPortland lApr. 13. lOamlPlerll
Steamer. j From. I Dn«.
i t
Tltania Nanaimo *Apr. 4
Del Xort« Oregon Ports. Apr. 4
Laguna Tlliamook |Apr. 4
Willamette Seattle [Apr. 4
Tellus [Oyster Harbor Apr. 4
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 5
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 5
Columbia 'Portland Apr. S
Santa Rosa.. ...'San Diego Apr. 5
CoqulHe River. Grays Harbor Apr. 5
Aloha 'Crescent City Apr. 5
Samoa |Humboldt Apr. 5
North Fork Humboldt Apr. «
Moana Sydney Apr. S
Empire _ Coos Bay Apr. 8
Pomona (San Diego Apr. 7
Matteawan .... Tacoma Apr. 7
Progreso Tacoma Apr. 7
l>onc China and Japan Apr. 7
City of Para Panama Apr. 7
Orizaba Newport Apr. 7
I' m;i t ilia Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 7
Corona jSan Diego Apr. 9
Cresceni city... (Crescent City Apr. 9
State of Cal iPortland Apr. U
Bonlta iN'ewport Apr. It
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Australia .. Honolulu Apr. 4. 2 pm;Pler 7
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 4, 2 pmiPler 9
Bontta Newport Apr. 6, 9am|Plerll
City PueblalVlc & Pjrt Sd. Apr. «. lftarnPler 9
Del Xorte.. Oregon Ports. | Apr. 6, Bam Pier 19
Aloha [Crescent City. Apr. 6, 3 pm;Pler*3
Santa Rosa. San Diego [Apr. 7. 11 am Pier U
China China & Japan] Apr. 7. 1 prrijPMSS
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 7. 2 pm'Pler 2
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 7.12 ml Pier 13
Curacao ...;Mexlco Apr. 7. 10 anvPler 11
Columbia ..[Portland Apr. 8. 10 am Pier 21
Coqullle Rv'rirays Harbor Apr. * !
Samoa IHumboldt |Apr. 8, 10amiPleri3
City Sydney ! Panama [Apr. 9. 12 mFMSS
Coos Bay.. I Newport (Apr. 9. 9 am!Pl»>r It
Xorth ForkiHumboldt Apr. 9. 9am!Pler 3
Corona iSan Dlesro 'Apr. 11. 11 amtPier 11
i.orona .... ciun/insn -^vyr. it, n»ra:rwr v
Umatllla ..(vie & Pet SdJApr. 11. lf>amPler 9
State of CaljPortland lApr. 13. lOamlPlerll
rises s:^l
Sun
sets 6:35
II «x
¦n sets 0:00 a. m.
Time . Time Time Timel
Ft. Ft. **- Ft.
H W L, TV H W L. "W
4 .
5 .
8 .
7 .
S .
9 .
1) .
.. 2:01 6.6! 9:09 0.0 4:20 4.3 5:42 3.S
.. 252 6.2 1O:1S O.J B:» 4.3 9:53 J.J
.. 3:56 4.9 U:M 0.5 C:33 4.4 11:» 5.2
.. 6:OS 4.6 12:1S 0.7 7:2S 4.5
L.WHW L W H W
.. 0:50 3.1 6:25 4.5 1:12 0.8 8:11 4.J
• - 1:53 2.7 7:37 4.4 1:54 1.1 8:43 5»
- 2:41 2.2 8:40 4.5 2:36 1.3: 9:21 6.ZFuneral of Douglas U. Quint.
ALAMEDA April 3.-The funeral of
Douglas U. Quint, who met a tragic
death by gas asphyxiation, was held to
day at 11:30 o'clock from the late resi
dence, 1917 Chestnut street. The services
were very impressive. Rev. W. W. Scud
der of the First Congregational Church
preached the funeral sermon, and the
Temple quartet of Oakland rendered sev
eral songs. The pall-bearers were Robert
Vail. Harry Flshbeck. Henry Reams and
Charles C. Myall. The Interment was at
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to AH Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The- remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It is needed
It cures all the- Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolut*
success In all cases. A request to th*
State Medical Institute. 32S Electron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you desire one. of their free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with promptly. Thi»
Institute is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
¦ample will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a Tree sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that its recipient-: need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ar«
requested to write without delay.
JTERRMANN H. HECKMANN, an old-
I— l time merchant, died suddenly at h'.s
J--L place of business. No. 400 Davis
street, yesterday morning. He had been
feeling poorly for some weeks, but was
able to go to his store. Yesterday morn
ing he went down as usual and worked
for awhile. Then he felt faint and asked
his Fon to take his place while he went
into the office. The son was soon called
and went in, only to see his father dyine.
Mr. Ilcckmann had been in business in
one location thirty-five years. He came
to California In 1563. At first he engaged
in the saloon and restaurant business:
Then he went into the commission busi
ness, in which he continued to the time
of his death. He was born in Germany
in 1543. Few men in the city had a wider
acquaintance. He was a member of the
Odd Fellows' organization, of the United
Workmen and of other fraternal orders.
The news of his death came as a terrible
shock to his aged wife. Two children
survive, H. H. Heckmann Jr. and Mrs.
Hinklebein of this city.
Historical Yacht Sold.
ALAMEDA. Ap..l 3.— The yacht Emer
ald has been f-old by Senator E. K. Taylor
to three Puget Sound- men, who will use
her as a pleasure crau in northern
waters. H. A. Rice of Seattle is the
i rincipal purchaser. The- Emerald has
had a varied career since she was
launched, over twenty-two years ago.
and has been everything from a smuggler
to a pleasure boat. She Is twenty-one
tons, and carries a yawl rig.
PAUL DE BAUGE FOUND
GUILTY OF MANSLAUGHTER
Paul de Bauge, on trial for murder, was
convicted of manslaughter by a Jury in
Judge Dunne's court last night, and will
be sentenced next Saturday.
The crime for which De Bauge was con
victed was the killing of Delia Tracy, or
Connor, as she was sometimes known, in
a lodging house on Turk street in Novem
ber last. When the officers arrived on
the scene they found the woman lying on
the floor in a pool of blood with a stout
cord wound tightly around her neck and
having twenty-eight cuts about her throat
and head. De Bauge was in the room
when the officers arrived and admitted
having killed the woman, saying: that she
bad robbed him of $10.
POSTU2H CEREAL.
COFFEF VS. PREACHER.
"People Poisoned, by Coffee Should
Leavxj It Off."
"I have been a great coffee drinker
for years and it has kept me in a bilious
condttion. with more or less neuralgia,
as the result of general ill-health pro-
duced by coffee drinking. I have dis-
covered that coffee is a rank poison to
n-y system. Since we have been using
Postnm Cereal Food Coffee we not
only nnd it a delightful beverage, with
all the good qualities of coffee, but it
has none of the injurious effects.
"Any person suffering from nervous
troubles, caused by the poison of cof-
fee, should be nble to get rid of the
tickness in short order if such a one
will leave off the cause and take up
I'ostutn Food Coffee. There has been
no coffee used in our home for a con-
siderable time.
"People who are poisoned by coffee
should leave it off. because when or.c
¦j" 5 against his body he dishonors Goj,
'for our bodies are the temples of the
Holy Ghost.' It would seem that any
one conscious of the bodily distress that
coffee brings would have no trouble in
!caving it off when Postum Food Cof-
fee can be secured." Rev. John M
Linn, Pastor M. E. Church ! South!
Corpus Christi, Texas.
MARITAL INFELICITY
BEING AIRED IN COURT
OAKLAND. April 3.— Annetti Dickinson
has been granted a divorce from George
W. Dickinson by Judge Hall "on the
ground of desertion.
Emily M. Stuart's suit for divorce from
Archie E. Stuart has been referred to
Court Commissioner Babcock for the tak
ing of testimony.
In the suit for divorce brought by Mary
Jacinto Fletcher against Matthew Syl
via Fletcher, a default has been entered.
Kdith Clarke has sued her husband,
Harry Parsons Clarke, for divorce on the
ground of desertion.
For Women's Franchise.
The woman's franchise organization will
hold an open meeting In Red Men's build
ing. 320 Post street, Thursday evening,
April 5. The programme will Include ad
dresses by Albert H. Elliott, Mrs. Laura
de Force Gordon and Mrs. M. V. Osborne,
with discussion and music following each
speaker. The meeting will be presided
over by Mrs. Nellie Blessing Eyster. No
admission fee will be charged, and all are
Invited to attend.
Nonagenarian Lady Called by Death.
Mrs. Hannah Hushsprlng died yester
day at the home of her daughter, SO
Rausch street, at the advanced age of 93
years. She was a native of Warsaw, Po
land, and leaves two children to mourn
her loss — Mrs. E. Goldberg and Abe Hush
spring. The funeral will take place to
morrow at 10 a. m. from 50 Rausch street.
BODY IDENTIFIED
AS JOHN ULBERG
BERKELEY, April 3.— One of the bodies
which was found in the bay off the West
Berkeley shore last Sunday was Identified
this afternoon at the Morgue by Carl
J»-nsen of Third street, San Francisco
as John Ulberg. '
Jensen and I Iberg came down from S*
sttle to setk employment at their trade
of journeymen tailors.
J*»n?en says Ulberg had delirium tre
mens laFt Friday night and threatened to
end his life, as he imagined enemies were
trying to kill him. In one of his despond.
«Nt spells he probably committed suicide.
The body of the other man has not jret
been identified.
BIG BUNCHES OF HAIR
FLEW DURING THE ROW
Mary A. Barrett Sues Johanna Sulli
, van to Recover Damages for
Personal Injuries.
Mary A. Barrett, in a suit filed yester
day, tacitly admits that she was severely
bested In a battle of fists with Johanna
Sullivan and she asks that she be given
judgment against Mrs. Sullivan for 12500
damages for Injuries inflicted upon her by
the defendant.
On January 14, plaintiff alleges the "de
fendant wrongfully entered plaintiff's
dwelling room and vindictively and with
out provocation brutally assaulted her,
threw her to the ground, kicked her with
great violence, dragged her about the
room and did tear and injure the clothes
of this plaintiff and did pull bunches of
hair from plaintiff's head." Mrs. Barrett
has retained Attorney Thomas J. Kelly
to prosecute her action.
RAILROAD EMPLOYES
AGAINST RELIEF PLAN
Grievance Committee Resolves to
Make an Unqualified Stand.
Conference Fixed.
Representatives of the grievance com
mittee of railroad brotherhoods met with
Collis P. Huntington, president of the
Southern Pacific Company, yesterday and
fixed upon Thursday, at 2 o'clock, as the
time for the committees to hold a con
ference with the head of the Southern
Pacific system and make formal complaint
against the relief plan which it is sought
to foist uv>on them.
Yesterday morning there was a Joint
meeting of the 112 delegates representing
the Conductors', Firemen's, Engineers',
Trainmen's, Telegraphers' and Machinists'
brotherhoods. The gathering took place
at 320 Post street, and both morning and
afternoon sessions were held. The em
ployes of the Southern Pacific who partici
pated are sworn to secrecy, but it is un
derstood that they have prepared a state
ment setting forth the reasons why they
do not wish to accept the so-called relief
plan, and have named able men to pre
sent It to Huntington. It is said to be the
unanimous decision of the committees, in
Joint session, that an unqualified request
be made to President Huntington to
abandon the proposed relief plan, on th«
ground that it is unjust and will tend to
destroy the efficiency of labor organiza
tions.
While the grievance will be presented as
a "request," there is behind it a veiled
demand, and if the "request" is denied it
is likely that Ferious trouble will follow.
The representatives of the various organi
zations now in the city are all men of
good sense and not at all on the fire-brand
order. They have come here to make a
reasonable request, and they expect to re
ceive reasonable treatment.
No one can say how President Hunting
ton will treat the matter. The consensus
of opinion Is, however, that he will not
abandon his pet scheme to break up the
brotherhoods.
FOUND GUILTY OF THE
CRIME OF MURDER
Jury Becommends That J. B. Giuffra
Be Sentenced to Imprisonment
for Life.
MERCED. April 3.— Th© Jury to-day
found J. B. Gluffra guilty of murder In tho
first degree and recommended that the
sentence be imprisonment in the peniten
tiary for life.
Gluffra. who Is an Italian, on the morn-
Ing of February 15, murdered a fellow
countryman named Vincinte Chinnotto.
COLLINS REMANDED TO
THE SHERIFF'S CUSTODY
Alleged Seattle Bank Robber Will
Be Taken Back to Seattle for
Trial.
John Collins, the alleged Seattle bank
robber, will be returned to the scene of
the crime for trial. Judge Lawlor yester
day dismissed the second writ of habeas
corpus sworn out on behalf of the pris
oner and remanded him to the custody of
Deputy Sheriff James W. McLeod and
Detective F. F. Leische, who will take
him to Seattle.
It was contended by George D. Collins,
attorney for the defendant, that the pro
ceedings by -virtue of which his client was
in custody were irregular and illegal, and
the prisoner should be discharged. The
court, however, found that the requisition
papers and warrant were in conformity
with the law and remanded Collins.
Trouble with the prisoner is expected and
he will be closely guarded on the journey
north.
The kidnaping charges against the offi
cers will not be pressed if the present in
activity regarding them can be accepted
as conclusive; but It is certain that Col
lins has a long fight before him If he
hopes to escape conviction on the charge
against him.
CHIEF JUSTICE JUDD
GOING HOME TO DIE
Ex-Chlef Justice Prank Judd of Hono
lulu arrived from the East yesterday In
charge of two trained nurses, who are
taking him back to his island home, per
haps to die. Several months ago be was
stricken with paralysis, which left him a
helpless Invalid. A year ago he was strong
and active, despite his advanced age. and
his decisions on the bench were notable
for their accuracy and clearness. To
day he is helpless and almost speechless.
Eastern specialists have been unable to
do anything for him. and he will return
home on the steamship Australia almost
as badly off as when he sought their aid.
He is now- at the Occidental, where his
niece. Mrs. Laura Wight. Is looking after
his comfort.
Mr. Judd Is perhaps the oldest Uvinsr
white man born In the Hawaiian Islands.
He is the son of Rev. Mr. Judd. who set
tled In the Islands In the 20' * as a mis
sionary, and who was prime minister to
Kamehameha 111 during a very critical
period of the Islands' history. Mr. Judd
was Chief Justice for many years, and
only resigned because- of ill health. Ha
13 reputed to be a very wealthy man.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
yNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY, April' 3.— The base
ball game between the members of
the faculty and the Skull and Keys
Society, which will take place on the cam
pus to-morrow afternoon at 3:45 o'clcck,
promises to be a society event. All the
members of the Skull and Keys who are
not engaged in the game will devote them
selves to other means of swelling the
funds for the track team. The entire
baseball field will be roped in and an ad
mission charged. ¦'¦:- : -
The following appointments were made
this afternoon; Colonel J. R. Moulthrop
will be official scorer, W. W. Foster will
be head usher and Messrs. Taft. Cooper.
Bakewtll and Hanna will assist him.
Messrs. Hewlett, Noyes, Moore and South
ard will sell peanuts and lemonade. The
University Cadet band and the Glee Ciub
will furnish music for the heavy batting
that is expected.
The ritte team of the university defeated
a team from Company G of Redlands last
Saturday by a score of 420 to 377. The ave
rage of the California men was 42.
At the annual business meeting of the
Art Association, recently held, the fol
lowing directors were chosen: Miss Kate
Willis '03. Miss Emilie Hagmeyor '00, Miss
Mary Rateliff '00 and Miss Mary Pow
ell '02. .
President Sibley of the freshman class
has named the following as a committee
to arrange for a contest with the sopho
more class on Bourdon night: J. M. Ko
ford. B. F. Kierulff and Carl Jones.
Mlfs Harriet Taylor, general secretary
of the Y. W. C. A. of America, addressed
the college women In Stiles liall this aft
ernoon on "The United Work of Students
in This and Other Lands."
There will be a college dance in the new
gymnasium Monday night, April 16. It
will serve the purpose of a formal open
ing The following committee has charge
of the affair: Miss Powell '01, Miss Me-
Cleave '03, Mark White '00, L. L. Greene
'01 and E. Clausen '00.
There will be a parade and review in
honor of Mrs. Hearst to-morrow morning
by the University Cadets.
'John Symonds of San Francisco has pre
sented to" the college of mechanics a steam
pump. This will be of great assistance in
laboratory experiments.
At the annual meeting of the Astromon
ical Society of the Pacific in the Academy
of Science's building Director James E.
Keeler. Professor W. W. Campbell. C. D.
Perrine of the Lick Obervatory and Dr.
8 D. Townley were elected members of
the board of directors for the ensuing
year. Dr. Keeler was elected president.
ir>r. Townley third vice president and
librarian and Mr. Perrine secretary: Mr.
Aitkcn and Dr. Townley on the publica
tion committee; Miss Habe a member of
the library committee.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Exclusion Act to Be Made to Apply to
Chinese Now in Hawaiian
Islands.
Special TMrpatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 3.— The naval ap
propriation bill to be reported to the
House to-morrow, in addition to the pub
lic works and other improvements at
Mare Island Navy Yard, items of which
have already been published, provides
JSO.OOO for an ordnance shop and two mag
azine buildings at the Puget Sound Naval
Station; 130.000 for maintenance and $34,75")
for buildings at the Yerba Buena Naval
Training Station; $206,165 for public works
and $25,000 for construction and repair at
the Puget Sound Naval Station.
The Committee on Territories in charge
of the Hawaiian bill will accept and offer
an amendment to the bill, at the solicita
tion of California members, extending and
applying to any Chinese person who may
des'.re to enter any State. Territory or
district of the United States from the
Hawaiian Islands the provisions of the
exclusion act.
Senator Perkins has informed leading
wine men of California of the decision of
Internal Revenue Collector Wilson that
all sample bottles of wine must bear
stamps. The wine growers wanted these
samples exempt from the stamp tax and
Senator Perkins laid the matter before
the Treasury Department.
Representative Loud to-day received a
telegram from Adolph Spreckels, presi
dent of the Park Cpmmission or San
Francisco, stating that the commission
had been prevented taking loam from the
Presidio for use in public parks, as had
been the custom,, and that presumably
the War Department had prohibited the
further granting of the privilege. Mr.
Loud called upon the quartermaster gen
eral, who knew nothing of the case and
had given no order and who will investi
gate and report thereon.
Pensions for Californians: Original —
Stogdell Ansley, Fyffe, $10; John L.
Souther, Vallejo. $6; Peter T. Hamann,
Blocksburgh, $8. Additional. special,
March 22— Jacob W. Kouts. Ontario. $S to
$12. Increase— Elisha Severy, San Diego,
$10 to $17; Melancthon O. McLain, Oak
land. $S to $10.
Washington: Restoration and reissue —
Edward B. H. Owens (dead), Vancouver,
$12. Original, widows, etc.— 3allie A.
Owens. Vancouver. $12.
Postoffices established — Lucia. Monterey
County. Cal.: Alleghany, Coos County, Or.
John C. Budd of San Francisco has been
appointed storekeeper at the Puyallup In
dian School at Tacoma.
Patents have been granted to Pacific
Coast inventors as follows:
To Californians— Ellsworth Beeson, Fresno,
tire heater; Morris E. Brings, Alameda.
(assignor of two-thirds to W. Fulton, San
Leandro, and H. K. Moulthrop, San Francisco).
Tlston rod packlne: John H. Driller, Los An
geles, tack puller: Georjte A. and R. F. Dunn.
Dinuba, cooling and ventilating attachment for
cars or vessels, also spraylngr apparatus;
Geonre 11. Evans, Orovllle (assignor of one
half to Rlsdon Iron and Locomotive Works of
San Francisco), air lift pump; John Ilahn.
Colegrrove. well auger: M. L. Hansen. Oakland.
condiment holder; Howard C. Holmes (assignor
of one-half to C. Uhlig of San Francisco),
wharf construction; Stephen C. Honehton, San
Francisco, flushing apparatus; Ernest Krahen
buhl. San Rafael, match dial: James B. Lucas
Valley Springs, miner's pick; Oscar Owens,
San Francisco. Igniter for gas engines: Philip
W. Pratt. San Francisco, bicycle brake; David
11. Rowe of two-thirds to W. E. Gib
son and G. H. True of Oakland). Ink well;
James N. Rundle. Santa Barbara, governor:
Anthony W. Thierkoft*. Redding, mechanical
bill-carrying apparatus, also spring clamp for
bills and accounts. To Oregonians — Frank Gal
loway. Central Point." waste proof feed box.
To Washlngtoniana — Jasper Howe. Tacoma,
fishing reel and reel rest; Chester F. Laflln,
As«ttn, curry comb; Stefano Barbare, Tacoma,
drill gold dredge.
FITZSIMMONS AND
RUHLIN MATCHED
Sign Articles for a Twenty-Five
Bound Fight Early in
June.
NEW YORK, April 3.— Robert Fitzaim
mons and Gus Ruhlln to-day signed arti
cles to meet in a twenty-nve-round con
test before the Westcheater Athletic Club
at Tuckahoe on June 2. "or the first day
thereafter when pictures may be taken
successfully." The men will fight for 67
per cent of the gross gate receipts and a
like share of the picture receipts. They
will divide their share of the gate money,
73 and 25 per cent. The picture money
they will divide equally. Each man
posted $1000 to guarantee his appearance
In the ring. Dave Holland was agreed
upon for final stakeholder. George Siler
was selected referee without any other
name being considered.
The men further agreed that neither
would fight Sharkey, McCoy, Jeffries or
Corbett before they met.
KENTUCKY REFUGEES
ARE SAFE IN INDIANA
Governor of the Hoosier State Will
Refuse to Honor Taylor's Bequi
sitiens.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. April 3.-A requi
sition made by Governor Mount of lndi
iii.a on the "Governor of Kentucky" for
the return to Indiana of Rudolph Goss
rr.an, a prisoner in the penitentiary here
whose terra expires to-morrow, was prc
»-• Qted to Governor Beekham to-day after
it had b*en first presented at Republican
headquarters and honored
The prison officials declined to recog
nize Taylor's order. Upon receiving the
! apera Governor Beckham sent the fol
lowing tek-gram to th* Indiana executive:
Otvernor Jampp A. Mc'jnt. Indianapolis. livi. :
A rr-juisHion from you for the arrest of one
Oceanian, »a2t*i in Floyd <^junty. Ind.. has
been j.r»t-ente.i to me. 1 will giadly honor it
:f you ui!l first assure me that any requisition
;«--u.l by me a& tJuvtrnor of Kentucky upon
you will tiro l-e honored. This un ier*tanci;r.s
I* 4eslre<l because Of exjirtsfions attributed to
you ;r. it.*- pref? lately. J. C W. RECKHAM.
Governor Mount answered as follows:
To Hon. J. C. W. Heckham. Frankfort. Ky.:
Rpplytnc to your tf-lepram of 31 lr.M.. I eannct
enter Into ar.y compact or apreemfr.t that shall
l-eccme bindinp. Th:» woul.i he a.n unwarrant
ed, departure from executive practice and the
Uw 1 must reserve the right to determine
»<arh rwruVUon on its merits.
JAME^ A. MOUNT, Governor of Indiana.
Ex-Secretary of State Finley and others
who are wanted in the Got-bel assasslna
t'.on case are in Indiana, and Governor
Mount's telepram ip generally interpreted
t" mean that he will not honor any requi
sitions of thia character unless signed by
MRS. CLARK WINS HER
SUIT AGAINST EPPERSON
Special DUpateh to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. April 3.-Mr*. Louisa
Clark commenced suit yesterday against
I. C. Epperson to recover $0500, and this
afternoon the jury rendered a verdict In
her favor. The ra«e «ras of unusual inter
est. The plaiutiff testified that Epperson
pave her a check for $SuOO and a note for
Sl.V*). She claimed that he afterward tore
and destroyed the check and swallowed
thr note.
There is a tinp* of romance to the affair.
Epperson said h* would give Mrs. Clark
* check for V^<f< \f she would not marry
a certain man. She agreed to keep her
part, llf gave l^r the check, which he
Hftrrward destroyed. Hence the suit. Not
lone ago Mrs. rinrk charged Epperson
with opening her Irttor*. for which he was
convicted and fined by th»« court
KNOWLTON MAY HAVE TO
FACE SERIOUS CHARGES
Parents Make Verbal Complaints but
Superintendent Webster Insists
They Must Be Written.
The Board of Education held a secret
session yesterday morning and considered
at some length the verbal charges filed by
the parents of a number of pupils in the
Everett Grammar School against the vice
principal, Ebenezer Knowlton. . Two of
the parents visited Superintendent Web
ster recently, while a third, Herbert
Maggs, wrote the latter a communcation,
asking for an appointment at which he
intended to prefer charges against Knowl
ton. The Superintendent replied and fixed
a date to hear the charges, but according
to Maggs the meeting had not as yet
taken place.
Superintendent "Webster reported to the
board that he would not bring Knowlton
to trial because the complainants refused
to rile written charges, according to a
strict rule which he had established. He
stated that the most adduced verbally
against the vice principal was that he has
been indiscreet in his methods of impart
ing knowledge to his pupils, half of whom
are girls. For example he persisted in
discussing the Amy Murphy tragedy
shortly after its occurrence, holding up
that young lady and Poullin as horrible
examples. The parents complained to the
principal that they had been Informed by
their children that Knowlton had gone In
to the smallest detail of the unfortunate
affair. They further alleged that Knowl
ton was In the habit of speaking to the
girls in such a manner and upon such sub
jocts as to create some indignation on the
part of parents.
So numerous were the complaints added
to the fact that the discipline In Profes
sor Knowlton's class was not of the best,
that it impelled the principal to request
the board to transfer Knowlton to an
other school having a male principal.
Neither the principal nor the parents will
tile written charges and to the matter
will rest unless the Superintendent's rule
is complied with.
The charges against A. 11. McDonald,
principal of the Lincoln Evening School,
who failed to report his absence during
one month and drew full pay, will also be
dropped by the Superintendent. The ne
glect to mark his absence in his monthly
report was an oversight of McDonald's
and as he made full restitution of the
overdrawn amount Webster recommended
that he be cleared of the charges.
The matter of janitor's salaries for
March was another subject considered at
the secret session and the board decided
to pass them. Superintendent Webster
claimed that there was no law empower
ing tne board to take such action and re
fused to affix his signature to the de
mands. Unless the janitors mandamus
him to do so they will go without their
money for some time to come, as the
Auditor is inclined to side with Webster
in his contention that they should be paid
out of the funds of the Board of Public
Works, which exercise control over them,
and not out of school moneys.
.he Board placed Mrs. L. B. Russell on
the substitute list, which now contains
the full quota of thirty-five. She was the
first of three unasslgned day teachers,
the others being Miss R. F. Lewis and
Miss A. Conroy.
LICENSE RIGHTS
CONSIDERED BY
COMMISSIONERS
Midway Plaisance Will No
Longer Be Allowed to
Disgrace the City.
Fate of the Cafe Boyal and Sporting
Houses of a Similar Character
to Be Decided Next
Week.
The Police- Commissioners met last
night and considered a number of appli
cations for liquor licenses. Permission to
continue running the Midway Plaisance
was denied. Ned Homan. the proprietor
of the place, made en extended appeal to
be allowed to continue in business until
he might be able to get another location.
He also promised to Improve the moral
tone of the Midway, do away with th»
private boxes and make any other im
provements that the Commissioners might
suggest. Homan presented a lengthy pe
tition signed by a number of Market-street
dealers asking that the Midway be grant
ed a license.
Chief Suilivan bitterly resented any at
tempt to reopen the place. He had the
clerK of the board read a report of one of
his men. In which he spoke of the Mid
way as being conducted in an immoral
and disgraceful manner. Prior to the
reading of the report Commissioner Wal
lace seemed in favor of granting Homan's
request for a renewal of his license, but
after listening to it he announced his de
termination to vote against the applica
tion. A vote was then taken, resulting In
Commissioners Newhall and McNutt vot
i? c ?/ c an .£ Wallace ana Mahoney no.
President Newhall then announced that
the motion to reopen the Midway haa
been lost and ordered Homan to "close up
chop. r
The application of Horrileln & Krumb of
the. Cafe Royal was next tajten up. At
toney Acn appeared for the proprietors
or the saloon. He addresed the Commis
sioners at length, explaining: the manner
in which poker games were conducted In
the Cafe Royal and the apparent inclina
tion of the proprietors to keep within the
purview of the law. He said that the
games were not run on the percentage
plan, and that minors were forbidden to
play or drink at the bar. At the sugges
tion of the attorney the Commissioners
agreed to visit the place some day this
week and see for themselves how the
games are conducted. Final action on the
application of the proprietors for a license
will then be taken.
The hearing of the application of* E
dward Finn, who conducts a saloon known
as 'The Morgue." at 431 Bush street, for
a license was continued for one week.
His license will expire on April 5. at
which time he was ordered to close his
saloon until the Commissioners shall
have acted on his application.
After considerable' discussion a permit
was isued to M. A. Livingston to contlnu*
conducting a saloon at 17 Leidesdorf?
street. Complaint had been entered
against the place. It being claimed that
gambling was allowed there.
Livingston promised to live up to the
provisions of the charter relative tr> sa
loons, and his application was granted.
Kate Edington was granted permission
to open a saloon at Kearny and Pacific
streets. The hearing of the application;*
for a combined restaurant and saloon
license of Green Bros, on Powell street,
and Morgan & Martin at 14 Eddy street,
were postponed until the next meeting.
Purcell & King, saloonkeepers at Berry
street and Grant avenue, and Mrs. Mary
Sawyer, who conducts! a resort at Fulton
and Devlsadero streets, were denied li
censes. John Geary, who wu recently
refused a license to conduct the Eureka
Music Hall on Kearny street, near Sac
ramento, applied for a permit to reopen
Bottlemeier's. on Pacific street. The ap
plication was granted. At midnight the
Commissioners adjourned to meet next
Tuesday night.
RAINFALL IS
VERY GENERAL
IN THE STATE
San Diego Visited by a
Greatly Needed
Downpour.
Much Grain and Grass That Other
wise Would Have Been Spoiled
Has Been Saved by the
Precipitation.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, April 3.— The entire county
has been visited by showers all day long.
In the city they were short and the total
precipitation was only .21 of an inch, but
in some other portions of the county the
fall has reached as high as an inch and
more. Save In this southwestern corner
of the county the heaviest fall of rain
has been where it would do the most
good and in some places it will have the
effect of j saving much grain and grass.
The rain' continued late into the night,
both in the mountains and at sea. At sea
there was a tine exhibition of an electric
storm, but there is nothing outside which
would be damaged.
WHEATLAND, April 3.— Yesterday
afte.rnoon a small cyclone destroyed about
ten buildings and smashed things up gen
erally on the Mitchell and Greltman
ranches about two miles south of Sher*
idan. The action of the wind was most
peculiar. On both ranches the residences
were uninjured and barns, sheds and out
houses were completely demolished. On
both ranches the stables were wrecked,
and while there were thirty horses In the
Mitchell stable and eleven in that on the
Greitman ranch not an animal was in
jured.-
A chicken house adjoining the former
barn was swept away and forty chickens
killed. The twister was purely local and
traveled about three miles, but in this
distance it played many strange pranks
and destroyed about $3000 worth of prop
erty.
MONTEREY. April 3.— One of the heav
iest thunder storms ever known in this
vicinity occurred last night and was ac
companied by continuous and heavy rain.
During the night an inch of rain fell,
making 1.61 Inches for the storm which
began Sunday morning. The rain was
much needed as the windstorms of the
past week have dried and parched the
budding trees and plants to an almost
alarming extent. Advices from outlaying
districts announce the rain to be general
throughout the section.
MERCED, April 3.— The farmers are re
joicing over the rain which fell here last
night. It started to fall at 6 o'clock p. m.
accompanied by thunder and lightning,
and continued the greater part of the
night. During the storm nlnety-hun
dredths of an Inch fell.
PLACERVILLE, April 3.— One and flve
hundredths inches of rain has fallen in
this city since Sunday evening last. The
rain will be very beneticial to growing
crops and the stock ranges, insuring late
feed.
SALINAS. April 3.— Monterey County in
general and Salinas In particular have
been treated to much-needed rain during
the last twenty-four hours, with every in
dication for a further downpour. The rain
came In time to insure grain crops as well
as to cause many acres to be put in sugar
beets. The precipitation for Salinas Is .92
for the storm and 11.03 Inches for the sea
son. Reports from outside towns In Sa
linas Valley are as follows: Chualar .45.'
Gonzales .61, Soledad .47, King City .29.
SAN JOSE, April 3.— Showers of rain fell
here last night, the precipitation being .15
of an Inch. This morning all the higher
peaks of Mount Hamilton were buried in
snow. It Is cooler to-day, but the weather
la unsettled. The opinion Is that the rain
has done much good unless frost should
follow.
LOS ANGELES, April 3.— There was a
slight fall of rain here early this morning
and the weather Is still cloudy, with good
indications for mure rain. - ¦
REPUBLICAN GAINS IN
MUNICIPAL ELECTIONS
CHICAGO. April 3.— A very light vote
was cast at the city election to-day. The
contests were chiefly aldermanlc, al
though in each of the various townships
an Assessor, Collector, Supervisor and
Clerk were chosen. The chief interest
centered in the aldermanic vote. Thirty
five of these officials were chosen, the Re
publicans securing nineteen and the Dem
ocrats sixteen. The new Council will
contain fbrty Republicans and twenty
nine Democrats.
In the elections for town officers, the
Republicans carried the south town, the
town of Hyde Park a»d the town of Lake
view, while tho Democrats carried the
north and the west towns and the town
of Lake. In the townships outside of the
city limits the Republicans, as usual,
made a clean sweep.
One phase of the election over which
much bitterness was manifested was the
fight made by the Municipal Voters'
League against what the league denom
inated as "gangsters and grafters." The
league indorsed or repudiated men regard
less of party, sometimes Indorsing as fit
men for office every candidate in a ward
and sometimes repudiating every candi
date. It indorsed In all thirty-nine alder
manic candidates and repudiated twenty
one. Of the thirty-nine Indorsed nine
teen were elected and of the twenty-one
repudiated twelve were elected. In fif
teen wards there were hot contests be
tween the league candidates and the re
pudiated nominees. In these contests In
dorsement was successful seven time and
repudiation eight.
Township elections were held throughout
Illinois to-day and as far as the returns
show at midnight the Republicans seemed
to have elected more of their men than
the Democrats, although the returns are
very incomplete. In none of the elections
was there any Issue of Importance outside
of the townships in which the votes were
cast and the vote of to-day is therefore of
no value for purposes of comparison. In
the city of Qulncy the Democrats carried
the day, electing almost their entire town
ticket." In Jollet and Peoria tho Republi
can ticket was elected and in Kankakee
the Democrats were successful. A small
vote Is reported from all parts of the
State.
Republican Gains in Kansas.
TOPEKA, Kans., April 3.— Municipal
elections were held throughout the State
to-day in cities of the first and second
class. The first class cities voted only
for members of the Board of Education
and City Council, but in cities of the sec
ond class. In addition to the officers. City
Clerk, City Marshal, Attorney and Street
Commissioners were elected. Party lines
were maintained in most cases and the ifc
turns received here up to midnight Indi
cate that the Republicans have generally
been successful. In this city the Repub
lican candidates were elected by the usual
majorities'. Public interest here centered
in a proposition to vote bonds for a sys
tem of public parks, which was defeated.
In Wichita the Republicans made large
gains, carrying every ward in the city
except one. In Abilene, Lawrence. Co
lumbus, Concordia and Eureka the Re
publicans elected all of the candidates on
their tickets. In Arkansas City and
Great Bend they carried a majority of
the offices voted for. In Kansas City,
Kan., the Republicans elected the four
city officers voted for by nominal majori
ties and also elected four of the six Alder
men.
In _A_tchison the Republicans elected all
of their candidates with the exception of
one Councilman. In Parsons the Repub
licans elected their ticket, with the ex
ception of Street Commissioner, one
Councilman and one member of the Board
of Education. Fort Scott elected the Re
publican candidates with the exception of
one member of the Board of Education.
COLBY, Ivans.. April 3.— There will be
no fusion ticket in the Sixth Kansas Con
gressional District. The Democratic Con
gressional convention yesterday nomina
ted Tully Scott of Oberlin. The Populist
convention to-day nominated Dr. John F.
Dinkes of Smith Center, taking this ac
tion after the conference committees from
the two conventions had failed to reach
an agreement to fuse. If given the Con
gressman the Democrats had offered to
concede the Populists all the members of
the State Legislature from the Sixth Dis
trict.
LEAVEN WORTH, Kans.. April 3.— ln
the election to-day the Democrats were
victorious, carrying the six wards for
Councilmen. making the Council seven
Democrats to five Republicans, a Demo
cratic gain of throe Councilmen. The
Democrats elect the City Judge and City
Clerk. The Republicans elect the Marshal.
Nebraska Swings Into Line.
OMAHA, Nebr.. April 3.— City and vil
lage elections were held throughout Ne
braska to-day, with the exception of
Omaha. The main issue in most of the
smaller places was license, and the results
are mixed, the greater number of towns
apparently being favorable to licensing
the traffic for another year. While party
politics cut little figure in the smaller
towns, yet Republican gains are notice
able all over the State.
South Omaha, for the first time in its
history, elects a Republican Mayor, A.
Rellly being the successful candidate, by
300 plurality. The Republicans also elect
Treasurer, all four Councilmen and two
out of three members of the School
Board. Last year Ensor, Democrat, was
elected Mayor by 1200 majority.
Lincoln gives the largest Republican
majority for years, and makes a clean
sweep on the local ticket. Crete, for years
Democratic, gives a Republican majority.
O'Neill and Ashland are also Republican.
Up to midnight few of the smaller places
have reported any Democratic or fusion
pains.
ST. LOUIS, April 3.— Municipal elections
were held to-day in many towns in Mis
souri. The results where party lines were
drawn were on the whole favorable to
the Democrats. The Republicans made
their gains chiefly at Sedalla and St. Jo
seph. In the latter place local issues led
to the defeat of the Democrats. At Se
dalia the slight plurality of the Demo
crats at the last election was overcome
and the city again went Republican. The
Democrats elected a straight ticket in
Springfield for the first time. At Mary
ville they turned a Republican majority
into a Democratic majority of 300. Ful
ton, Joplin and other places were swept
by the Democrats. Party lines, however,
were not strictly drawn in many places.
No election was held in St. Louis.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., April 3.— lndications
give a sweeping victory for the Repub
lican ticket, headed by John Combe for
Mayor The St: Joseph Gazette (Demo
cratic) concedes the election of the full
Republican ticket. There was a light vote.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. April 3.— The Dem
ocrats scored a victory in to-day's elec
tion, electing James A. Reed Mayor by a
majority of at least 1000 over P. Sherry
Brown Jr., Republican. The entire Dem
ocratic ticket, with the exception of a
few members of the lower house of the
City Council, Is elected.. The present city
government Is Republican. Jones. Re
publican candidate for Mayor, had a ma
jority of 1439 two years ago.
Wisconsin Results.
MILWAUKEE. Wls.. April 3.— Mayor
Davis S. Rose. Democrat, triumphed at
the municipal election in this city to-day
and carried the rest of the city ticket with
him. He will have a plurality of at least
5000. William Bollow and John R. Wolf
were re-elected Treasurer and Comptroller
respectively. Mayor Rose stood on a plat
form setting forth the recent 4-cent fare
ordinance and cheaper water rates, which
legislation was enacted during his past
administration. Henry J. Baumgartner,
the Republican candidate, campaigned
against the manner in which the street
railways ordinance was alleged to have
been railroaded through the Common
Council.
The result of the municipal elections
throughout Wisconsin, outside of Milwau
kee, shows that where the Republicans and
Democrats placed party tickets in the field
the Republicans gained the greater num
ber of victories. Republican Mayors were
elected in Beloit, West .uperior. Eau
Claire, Hudson, Durand. Waupaca, Elk
hart. Mauston. Sparta. New Lisbon. Mar
lnette, Columbus. Monroe. Darlington. De
lavan, Ripon, Marshfleld. Hayward, Elk
horn, El Roy, New Richmond, Vlroqua,
Stoughton and Portage.
Democratic Mayors were elected in
Madison. Chippewa Falls, Fond dv Lac,
Grantsburg. Hartford, Fox Lake. Chilton.
Mineral Point. Watertown. Alma and
Beaver Dam, Edgarton. Eagle, Mazomane,
Baraboo and Fort Atkinson.
Citizens' tickets were elected In Fennl
more. Thorpe, Cedarburg. Kllburn. Water
loo, Lodi. Horicon. Algoma, Kewaunee,
Merrill. Rhinelander, Burlington, Boyd,
Brodhead, Hartland, Lake Geneva, Omro,
Port YVapington, Rtchland Centre, West
Bend, Rodsburg and Evansville.
ST. PAUL, Minn.. April 3.— Minnesota
towns to-day voted for town officers. Few
of them had any political tinge. Specials
indicate the following results:
Lake City— G. D. Post, Mayor, no oppo
sition.
Hastings— F. E. Tuttle, Republican,
Mayor.
St. Peter — Joseph Mason, Mayor; no op
position.
Vrookston— Nat Campbell, Democrat,
Mayor.
Farihault— E. D. Chase, Republican.
Mayor.
Wabash— George Schwartz, Mayor; no
opposition.
Tracy— License carried by good major
ity: W. F. Parker. Mayor.
Lea— License carried; H. H. Dunn.
Mayor.
Fergus Falls — License hy carried by 43
votes, a large gain for no license faction:
Mayor Peffer elected.
Colorado and Texas.
DENVER. April 3.— Municipal elections
were held In a number of the cities and
towns in Colorado. Politics cut but little
figure, the question of license or no license
for saloons being the issue In a number of
the mountain towns. At Leadville the
Democrats won a sweeping, victory, the
average majority for their ticket being
500.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Cole, April 3.—
The entire Republican ticket was elected
here to-day, except Marshal, by majorities
ranging from 400 to 16<X). Republicans
elected five out of six Aldermen. Corporal
John Henry, who served In the Philip
pines, was elected Marshal, I. S. Harris
Clerk, "\V. S. Morris Attorney and George
F. Owen. Police Magistrate.
HOUSTON, Texas, April 3.— Returns
from to-day's election show S. H.
±jrashear. Democrat, re-elected Mayor,
with the administration ticket successful,
save In nno case. Municipal elections
were held throughout the State to-day,
the issues being local. At Laredo, Mich
ael Brennan, head of the Republican
ticket, was elected City Marshal by a
small majority, while the balance of the
ticket was carried by the reform ordi
nance ticket.
PALLAS, Texa«. April 3.— A bitter
municipal contest closed to-night in the
election of Benjamin- K. Cabell. Demo
crat, as . Mayor. He defeated ex-Mayor
Bryan Barry by a majority of 25**) in a
total vote of S6OO. The bond propositions
for waterworks betterments, street pav
ing and other improvements were carried.
TACOMA. April 3.— Campbell. Republi
can, is elected Mayor by about 200 major
ity. F. B. Cole, Citizens. is elected
Treasurer, and Alfred Lister. Republican,
Controller. The Republicans elect six
Councilmen and the Citizens three.
ENGLISH NAVAL
PAYMASTER NOW
A DEFAULTER
Embezzles £5000 From the
Station at Esqui
nialt.
Officials of the Squadron in the North
Pacific. Assisted by Detectives,
Search Without Result
for the Fugitive.
StwcUl I>;?j>atch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 3.—Paymas
ter Clark of the British naval squadron in
the North Pacific, disappeared on ilon
<?;i.v morning from the naval station at
J>i;i:!n:ait. Besides being a deserter he is
:>'.]< ged to be behind in his accounts. He
pot away with close upon £5000 of the
money seat cut to be paid the men serving
hd her Majesty's ships at that station.
tVhen the disappearance of Clark became
known ia.-a niglu at ihe naval station
> v. i\ precaution was taker, to prevent the
paymaster* escape. IJoats and trains
tt m Victoria were watched carefully and
iv , torj-ctio- boats were senv outside the
tali i>i.r as pickets in case he should try
h upe in a small boat, but Clark baa
• t been round, and it Is now thought
thai hetmast in hiding in the vicinity
. ::. as friends.
j be first news of Clark's disappearance
v. ;,.- known this morning when the tor
;-,:>-b..a: destroyer Viraeo slipped into
.!,•• harbor at half-pa.-t . o'clock. The
\ »ra*:o was s-er.t out to the station only
a year and a half ago, und is one of the
rawest and fastest of her class afloat.
j rum Esyuimalt to Vancouver is teventy
jv.o miles and the made this in a little
•t-.*s than two hours and a half.
The Virago brought a letter from the
iiamiral for the Chief of Police and detec
tives with sailors of the Virago searched
jiil the vessels in the harbor. There was a
fiory about that the defaulting pay mas
*.ct was on board the steamer Alpha, sail
ing for Cape Nome this evening. That
vrss?l Tias searched from stem to stern,
nut neither the man nor any of his Eng
lish sovereigns could be found on board of
her.
Clark came to Esquimau three years
ago on the flagship Imperieuse. He wad
always looked u;>on as an efficient officer
find each months thousands of pounds of
Unplish money passed through his hands.
He was a dashing society man with a
penchant for after-dinner speeches and a
reputation fully up to the naval officer
mark. He had many friends in Vancou
ver and the detectives claim that he is
l» ir,e harbored here by them until he can
(scape to ihe less hostile domain of Uncle
Sam.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
TWO USEFUL LIVES
DEATH HAS ENDED
DAVID JACKSON STAPLES died at
his home, 711 Taylor street, early
yesterday morning. He had been
ailing lor some time. The cause of death
was general debility, due to old age and
allnunts. He was born in Medway. Mass..
May 3, 1524. For many years Mr. Staples
was one of the most prominent figures in
the commercial life of San Francisco.
Since 1M59 he has been president of the
Fireman's Fund Insurance Company up
to the beginning of the present year. He
was an active member for a long period of
all the commercial organizations of the
city. He came to California around Cape
Horn on the bark Helen Augusta in IM9.
Then he went with his brother to the
mines after the bark, in which they were
interested financially, had been sold.
There they engaged in packing supplies
from Stockton. Having purchased a tract
of land in Tuilumno County, he went East
and brought his family to the State. He
was made postmaster on the Staples
ranch und farmed on a considerable scale.
At thf birth nf the Rrpublir-an party
he enlisted himpr-'.f and was a Republican
elector from California when Abraham
Lincoln was elected. Goinp to 'Washing
ton to see Lincoln inaugurated, he found
that an Invasion of the city by the Con
federates was expected. A home guard
was formed, embracing all loyal men cap
able of bearing muskets, and Mr. Staples
enlisted under command of Cassius M.
Clay. He remained In service until he was
honorably discharged by President Lin
coln. ThVn he returned to California. In
IMJ2 he removed to San Francisco. Assist
ing in the nomination of Iceland Stanford
for Governor, he wasappolnted Port War
den by Stanford, much to his surprise.
He wap a member of the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce, of the Pan
Francisco Board of Trade, of the So
ciety of California Pioneers, of the
Academy of Sciences, the I^oyal Legion,
the Grand Army of the Republic and the
Board of Underwriters of tho Paci^e. Ho
has be<>n president of the Underwriters'
Association nnd vice president and acting
president of the Society of California Pio
neers when James Lick was the honorary
president. He was also a mernher of
Templar Lods™> of Odd Fellows and of
Golden Gate Encampment. I. O. O. F.
One daughter. Mrs. Kitty Staples Yea
mans, and three grandchildren by another
daughter, who is dead, survive him. The
funeral services will take pla'-e at 711
Taylor street. Thursday at 12:ir. p. m.
Rev. Dr. McLean of Oakland will conduct
the services in the absence from the city
of Rev. Dr. Adams of the First Congre
gational Church. The intt-rment will be
In the Mountain View Cemetery in Oak
land by the side of Mr. Staples' wife,
¦who died pome years aco.
THE BEST LAXATIVE.
A Pure Natural Aperient Water,
ABSOLUTELY ODORLESS,
and therefore free from all the offensive smell often
found in Aperient Waters.
RELIEVES DISORDERED STOMACH, CURES CONSTIPATION.
The ONLY Aperient Water bottled at the Hunyadi Springs,
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, Sole Prop., Budapest, Hungary.
9
DfIVID J. STAPLES.
HERRMANN hMIECKMANN.THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL. j
BCEXJCEEB OFFICE of the San Frandeco
Tall, comer of Market end Third streets, open
tintil 12 o'clock every night in the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES— IZI Montgomery street,
<•c-r.fr Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
*r« Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m .
f'i McAUlEt<r Ftreet; open until 9:39 p. m.
fir. Larkin street: <spen until 9:30 p. m.
*J4l s!lsy!on street; open until 10 p. m.
J2€l Market etreet. corner Sixteenth: open
BBtfl » p. m.
lf-6 Eleventh ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
:: f -?6 Valencia street: open until $ p. m.
j:_ Polk etreet: open until * p. m.
Kacthwcst corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftr^ftF: cper. until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CA^llTOßNlA~CouncirNo. 2. R. and P. «
M.. will tii«-et THIS (WEDNESDAY)
k'ENIXG. Alir!) i. R1 S o'clock, for }!LJ\
ltuy;r.fss _!id iiecr<»e. Uy orded of the » w r
T. 1. M. FRANKLIN H DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT MOIiIAH Lodge No. 44. F. and ft
A. M.— €_l«4 m M-tlng THIS (WED- -jfV.
NESDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock; TCjf
aVo -M degree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. /V '
CKOCKJCTT Lodge No. 12S. F. and A. M. *
—Stated meeting TillS (WEDNES- J\.
PAY) EVENING. April 4. at 7:30 \Zjt
o'clock. H FORTRKIDE. Sec. Fsp\
EXCELSIOB L^lge No. I^6. F. and A. tt
M.— Staled meeting THIS (WKDSES- ._#_.
EVENING. April i. ;it 7.30 TSjf
o'clock. THEO. E. .SMITH. Sec. /V>
ORDER Eastern Star— A new chapter A
will be innitr.ted at Berkeley THIS mJV_,
rWEDNESDAY) EVENING; t_ke 7
o'clock boat. ~^
li. L. DARLING. Grand Patron.
TliE quarterly :ne»ting of Servian- » -
Me nteneprin I_ ani B. Society -»-Avh
will be hPld THIS (WEDNES- -&__/_
r»AY> EVEXIXO. April 4. at S (TV^Tf-v^
oVlorfc. at Iv) California Ft. All £*^-*£oj
ffflrvm and sr.cmlxTß are ear- jfj v-_3 £2^e£
namqr requested to attend. Fine k'\y_!c*>'vl
for ncri-atten'iancc will t* strictly vV.'Se_r /'
enforced, •'y trirr of Niv'*T= Cy
M. K. TABOVAZ. President. V_i^
SPIIIO S. VCCOSAVLIEVICH.
Secretary.
ENGROSSING
IU-soiutinns ani diplomas a rpeclaMy. J. W. j
Griffith. Heald'e Business College. 24 Post at. j
AGENTS WANTED.
G<>O-> nailers; Rood proposition ; ladies or
cents. CROWN* PHOTO STUDIO. 1140 Market. !
I_U>lKS— .'"rent*: something new. 601 O*»ry j
rt_ Pan Kranclwo. j
ASTUOLOGV.
PROF. A. ICASERT of Egypt, greatest astrolo-
cift -r.d ralmist In the world: satisfaction
frraranteorl 4Z? Golden Gate aye.
~— — — i — — — —¦ <
ATTORNI_VS AT LAW. :
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; |
no* fee without success ; collection!". G. W.
HOWE, atfy at law. K>o Market, cor. Stocktn. j
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attomey-at-law; con- !
sjlt^tion !>•*-•: til. Davis 234. 41ii Kearny -¦¦t. !
.AIA'K E fret-; no chance unless successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON. M 7 Market st.. opp. Mason. |
F. H. MEUZBACH. attorney at law. has re- I
turefd practice at ZC3 Cal. St.. Clunle blds^ j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Ppreckels bldg.. 927 Mar- !
k»>t *t : -on!>u!*iitlon f— •: no f e»<t in advance, i
i I
BATH CABINETS THKRMAI-
KOBCCSOK t~> 4-panel folding: se« It before
tiMvinc. W. «. BROWN. Coast Act.. 426 Ellin.
BELGIAN HARES. j
THE Magnolia Rabbitry, branch of Los Ange- !
!«¦<;: Just arrived, a car lead of the finest mi- |
ju.Ttid IJ«-!cian hares: the tour leaders of I
America, at s-tu'l; Karhoda King, th* cham- I
]>ion of the world. $15; Yukon Dandy. $10; ,
l'.ritain Comet. U»: Britain Star. $."i: visitors j
welcomed. WARNER ft CO., 1212 Fillmore. ¦
LOUD KSSKX. ini!H>rt«*d Fee $15 '
Teddy Booaevett. win'r Ist price L. A 15 |
Britain Frlnce. own fon of Lord Britain. 10
I 'at. !y Styles*, own son of Hir Styles, imp. 10 •
Kildare. imported a t
Hi^h-i-l.iss doe*, from $10 to I7J (.breO); also
grand buck* ?or sale.
V. K. MASON. ITIU Everett Ft., Alameda. Cal.
Visitors welcome, except Sunday.
LOOKING FOR BELGIANS?
Hi»rh-l>r«I. fancy <-rt-atur«-s from prize wln-
r.er« in England and America; heavy-weights
ami lancy |>edigr*-ed stock. Then correspond .
with or visit I'ITTOCK'S BELGIAN HARE'
BABBITRY. Elmhurst. Cal. (Prince Britain!
and oilier choice tucKs at stud.) j
SILVER Gray Babbitry, IT-C1 Scott St.. Los ¦
Angeles— One of the oldest rabbitries in Los i
Angeles; b<th standard and heavyweight: 800
bead ti> choose from: all from Imported Ftock. i
SOME firFt-class Ftock at reasonable rates. J.
N. WILLIAMS. 446 S. Mntt ft.. Los Angela.
BOAKUIKG I" OH. CIIILDKUN.
G« KID hom<» fcr I or 3 children; near echool.
r;7B Perrj- tt.
LADY -.ante >oung child to board; no other
children: rood Imme; reasonable. Box 3(K>5.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged..
Holm** Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. n»ar Third.
BOOT A\U SHOE BAUGAINS.
BARGAINS In ladies' and children's shoes;
drumm-ri.' ("amples at manufacturer's cost.
3. KOHLSBCKER. 14S Fourth st.
BUSimSSS CHANCES.
X_ j2T/"j 2T/"— CORNER saloon established for many j
years and doing a rushing business; rent
$4. i": l*-st location; on Sansome st.: owner ,
< l*-_rs above $ISO j.er month. R. G. WILKE.
•.!»; Market *t. : j
A— S7SO— CORNER saloon; with 11 club and la- j
dies' rooms; rent 540; p!_cc established for
• >»ars: v«r> b*-*t location: flrst-class; paying.
Call R. G. WILKE. &0« Market et. j
A— 52200 — CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes j
St.; rent t-\ including rc»oms; large stock of
l:yuorB and groceries: a flrft-cla.ss, paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— J2JO— DELICACY store connected with lunch
room: I ltving room?: rent $17 50; best loca-
tion OFarreli et. ; must be sold at once; slck-
ne?s in family. R. G. WILKE. 9v6 Market. !
A— S2OOO— CORNER grocery and bar. with four |
living rooms: rent $S0; 3 y^arn" lease; the best ]
c.-.rr." on Mission Bt. ; rlace doing a good
paying cash b-jsine*s; full value in Bight.
Call R. O. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s3W«-- CIGAR store: clearing $4 daily splen-
did location: Market and East sts.; rent $12.
Call R. G. WILKE. 90« Market ft.
A— $600— SALOON and lunch house; established
many years and doing a good paying busi-
ness; r*-t I1C: t>*st location; close to Sutter
*t. ; Investigate at once: a rare chance. Call
R. G. " 'lI.KE, t"« Market Bt.
J7;.O— MECHANICS' Hotel, near the city, bar-
gain; othf-r business for sale. McLAUGH-
LIN' _: CO.. 7774 Market et.
JW—OLD-EPT ABLISHED restaurant with 6
furrirh^ r"om»: all rented; near car house
transfer: rent $3".; going to Cape Nome. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 7771* Market st.
TSJf>— RESTAURANT and lodging-house near
tr<« city. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market.
C^-UOOM HOTEL ~
AND BAR.
V> BOARDERS.
CHEAP RENT.
Bargain: price with DECKER, l<"20 Market.
$r~T-FALOON* for eale north of Market St.: we
'have a cash buyer f.ir a good centrally located
Wising hou««" nf about 20 to 2j rooms.
Sl2S — Blanch bakery and confectionery; cen-
tral: r<K>!rs fnr family. Apply J. E. FLIN-
KEY & CO.: PE. cor. Market and Fifth sts. ;
A— !:~0-PARTNER: old-established and popu-
!sr ccsfectlanerjr rind icecream mfg. ; whole-!
«Ale end r»tail. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary.
A— tTJS— PARTNER: moving and storage busl- I
ness: «15" monthly. KREDO & CO.. 224 Geary.
A PARTNER wanted: goc<l-paylng restaurant;
downtown; J^.v.. COWING & CO., 715 Market.
A RESTAUKAXT; downtown; great sacrifice
thle day. COWING &- CO.. 713 Market Bt.
FOR sale— A ha'.f-.lntereßt in one of the b*st-
i«jyinjr *.r.d »-eiitr_l!y I.vated saloons In San
J-'r.-mcisro; the party desires a partner: must
have satisfactory ref (-renews : n*ed not have
exj^Jrietice in the saloon business : RO<">d busi-
ness management Is all that In required: the
Kaloon Is doing a large and profitable business
sn.i a full trial and thorough Investigation
will be given persons, investigating. Box 3357
Call office.
AN interest in Ion«r-estabiibhe4 cash business;
valuable stock and fixtures and good will: too
much wcrk for on*: suitable for !ady; J3000;
references. Box 324*. Call office.
WANTED— Salesman and office man to take an
Interest In a staple and old established man-
ufacturing busings: capitnl retiulrt-d. $2000 to
JiOOO each. Address box 3352, Call office.
FANCY grocery, strictly modem: good loca-
ftlon: unusual rarriflce. PENN'ELL. KUYDAM
& CO.. wholesale grocers. 4 California st.
OLD established grocery and bar doing good
busir.e**. Railroad Brewery, Valencia st., nr.
Sixteenth. •_•
A— s2oo~-HOMn bakery: fine trade; low rent.
Ajij.lr 9 G<"ary rt-, room 2.
A— S3»7>— PARTNER wanted; $20 a week. Apply
at !• Gear}' ?t., room 2. _____'
SHOE fhep for sale; good location. 2007* FIIU
more Bt.
CROCERY and bar for sale; cheap: party go-
ing to Cape Nome. 38 Natoma et.
lIL'SINESS CHANCEL— Continued.
GROCERY and saloon; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; long lease. Call Liquor Dealer- Jour-
nal. C39V* California st.
TRANSFER saloon; cheap if sold this week.
Liquor Liealers' Journal. 538H California Bt.
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor . Dealers
Journal. 533^j California st.. room 1.
j2«X— ¦ OPPORTUNITY for two experlence.l cat-
erers and saloonmen with $2000 each to act as
directors In a corporation already formed:
business establiFlW for years; fortunes have
been made therein; only active principals
wanted. Address box 3311. Call office.
FOR sale cheap to responsible party— Grocery
nnd bar: established 15 years; full value In
stock; pays $100 net per month.
HARPER & KREIQER. 312 Examiner bldg.
INVESTORS, ATTENTION!
An unusual opportunity of 500 per cent profit
on sums from $20 upward: references and de-
tails furnished. H. Z.. Call branch. 1096 Va-
lencia st.
WILL sell or exchange 4 lots best residence
portion of Stockton for stock of merchandise
or cood rooming house. P. J. BARTH. 414
McAllister Et^ ;
CO\L yanl for rent: fine location and does good
business: entirely covered: 3 stalls: also fine
Place for milk depot. Inquire of \\ ILLIAM
HENDRICKSON & CO.. room 614. Call bldg.
FOR sale— Lodging-house, restaurant and bar;
K«od chance fcr man and wife or two part-
ners" owner going to Cape Nome. Address
"TOM." Poi-tofflce. Stockton.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wagon-making, horse-
fhoeing business: 15 years present location;
cheap on acct. death owner. 22 Cortland aye.
FOR eale^llranch bakery, candy and notions;
fine locntion for coffee parlors. 213% four-
teenth st.. San Francisco, Cal.
BEST-PAYING route in city cheap; parties go-
intr away. 312 Capp St.
FOR sal», cheap— Paying restaurant in best.
location in city. Inquire at 117 Battery st.
$2;O— SALOON for sale at a sacrifice. Box 3157.
Call office.
PARTNER —anted to Invest a small amount
of money in Cape Nome property that Is
k nown to be good. .Box 3143. Call.
COMPANY promotion is our specialty: we at-
tend to everything complete: charters fur-
nished. P.5.M.— 1.C0.. 220 California Bt.. r. 6-7.
COFFFE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASV.ELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 \a-
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2<2-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, v.-ork & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost. 100 nets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Fol°om st. near Eighth.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME PROSPECTORS call at rooms 1
and I. 1104 Broadway, Oakland, between 9
nnd 11 or send stamped envelope for reply;
your family looked after while you are gone.
GRUB stake wanted by a miner for Cape
Nome. Alaska: will give half interest; is a
FrecmaFon: fair and square dealing. Ad-
dress Danish, 331 Kearny st., room 43.
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount of
money in Cape Nome property known to be
good. Box 3U3. Call.
CARPET KEATING AND CLEANING.
AVHEN'^yoiTliecome disgusted with poor work
"nd to SHAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-35* Teh.-.ma St.; tel. S. 40.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Bt.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Pteam Carpet-beating Works.. G. H.
STEVENS, m gr.. 3S-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J Mc<jUEEN"S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4:3 Stpvenson Ft : tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CAP.PET.S cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
FTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4C2 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance la priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
ail diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
eands have been made rich, happy and
hralthy. without ever having come to see this
—onderful woman. Consultation by mall is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Seventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
get rtt at Clinton Station, ?d station from
Broadway.
MRS. E. L. DAVIS, clairvoyant, card reader,
1424 Market Ft., bet. Seventh and Eighth,
room 14; ladles 2",e. Rents 50c.
C. V. MILLER'S last seance this week; ma-
terializing sf-ance to-night, 8 o'clock; LOc. 409
I^eavenworth Ft.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. dally; consult, free;
meeting to-nieht: all Invited. 14S Cth. rm. 1.
BRODTKOEB circle, 2 and X; readings dally;
free diagnosis. 115 Pixth Ft.
MEDA HOSKINP, 1423 Mkt., bet. 10th & 11th—
Cir. Mon. 8 p. m., Thur. 2 p. m.. 2.1 c; sit. dally.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister: spiritual
readings daily: test cir. to-night, Thurs. at I.
MRS. J. T.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
ttt'o'lu— . life r~ad»rt «tttlr- ti. 111« Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME~aTcERVANTES. the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice in difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St., near Lnrkln.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
seek to know answered, without questions;
patlsfactlon: readines sf>c and $1. 126 O'Farrell.
MADAM SYLVESTER, the celebrated scientific
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee. ladles,
60c: gents, "$1; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 313 Eddy st.
MME. AUGUST, cln'.rvoj-ant. card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. DR. WEST, business and test medium.
returned: magnetic treatmts. 17 6th. rms. 1-J.
MMF HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader:
past, present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth st., r. 12.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 92m Mission, op. Mint.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: Isc up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh st. is the original
gypsy life render; readings 25c.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
Fittings dally. 212U Sixth st.
J!MU. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice, names given; 25c up. a Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladies. Sl4 O'Farrell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
Ims euccepsful. Room 210. 827 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A— S-ROOM cottage, with barn; 10 Vlcksburg
Ft., near Twenty-second and Church. SPECK
& CO
COTTAGE of 5 rooms In center of town, within
half-block of Oakland and Sen Leandro elec-
tric cars; with half-acre of fruit, barn and
chicken yard; $15. DRIVER. ABER & CO.,
San I>*andro.
2913 CALIFORNIA— Cottage 5 rooms, bath; large
yard. •
$16 — COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
~ DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dent.il
wcrk at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from COc: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate. $5; a
full ret of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and etrongtr than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 60; all work
painless' and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth St. .; -•::,
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown*.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free; $4 SO up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to JO p. m. ; Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charce for extracting when plates are made;
eld plates made over like new: teeth from $S
per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
IDEAL gold. filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
11. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy at
MEYER, Deutscner Viahnarzt, 8 Turk; painless
«x_, crowns, brldgewcrk; open Sund. till 12.
DENTISTS.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st, ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3: new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c: painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
EASTERN Dental Parlor, 119 Third St.: crown-
bridge work: est. painless; full set teeth $7.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 2.ic.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IE4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parloro. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. SB* Market.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by nil druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.;* special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone -East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillm ore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 60: all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West <36.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, L«dles'' Tailoring 1 School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PLAIN skirts made. $1 ".0; binding on skirts,
35c. MISS KELTER, 703 Geary St.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 10.1 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st. : dresses
made, $5 up: dresses made over: perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng. plnklnc. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffat.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post «.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
tvptnfr, languages, telegraphy, English
tranches, civil, electrical and mining engln-
eerlnc. etc. : new SO-page catalogue free.
A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL: COMMERCIAL.
....WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY....
Arranged In departments: pay only for what
you get. Call or address Sl9 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL studentV but two taking full course
this year got positions. KAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
AYRES". leading business college, 723 Market:
individual Instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand. typing: life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, essay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
FnENXH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of lansuageH,32O Popf.estab'd 1S71; ablest profs.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission; violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelnn building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Cth.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms:
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
SHORTHAND taught personally and by mail;
languages. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montg.v.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fire years.
421 Post St.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEI'M Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Pest help. 41«S O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
GIRLS looking f»r rirst-class places can secure
work in private families, hotels, etc., city and
country, by calling on or addressing MISS
CULLEN', 323 Sutter st. I'hone Grant 120.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situa-
tion; 3 years laet piace; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter ft. ¦
A COMPETENT French lady's maid and seam-
stress desires situation, or as nursery govern-
ess: references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day.
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH, first-class cook; 2 years last place;
city or country. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
POSITION wanted by experienced male nurse
as attendant to Invalid gentleman, mentally
or physically; excellent city references. Box
3355. Call.
RELIABLE woman; to do housework; good
cook and worker; Is willing and obliging;
wages $10 to $12 month. Address 7» Jessie Bt.,
bet. First and Second; no postals.
COMPETENT person wishes eltuation In small
family; is a good cook; no objection to small
wash; good reference; wages $15. Box 3001,
Call.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day;
first-class laundress; makes herself generally
useful; best references given. Call 120 Wildey
aye., nenr Steiner St.. bet. Bush ttnd Pine.
SITUATION -.anted by middle-aged woman as
cook or taking c.ire of sick. 114 Prospect
place, off California st.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch; good references. Box
3100. Call office.
GERMAN girl wants a place to do housework
and plain cocking ; wages $15 to $18 per month.
502 Bush pt.; no postals.
SWEDISH elrl desires situation as nurse or
laundress: good references. Call at 553H Na-
toma St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, from 1 to 5.
WOMAN v.-!shes situation: washing. Ironing
and houseele.ininE'. 1436 I'acific St.
i LADY wishes work by the day; washing or
housecleanlng: 7f.c per day. 612 Howard st.
AMERICAN woman wants work of any kind
by the day. Call any time at 373 Jessie Et.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In light house-
work. ' ISB Silver st. |
COMPETENT person wants place: willing to
assist or general work in small family. Apply
2415 Clay st.. near Flllmore.
COMPETENT woman wants charge of Infant
or children; city or country; good reference;
apply afternoons. 12f.9 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN girl wishes place for general house-
work and cooking: wages $20. Call at 1522
Webster St., Alameda, Cal.
i YOUNG woman wants work by the day; $1.
; Inquire 78 Third st.
SWEDISH girl would like position to do second
work in private family. Call 757 Harrison st.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
WINCHESTER House. 4« THinl St.. near Mar-
k»t; 100 rooms; 25c to $1 £0 night; $1 50 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch otflce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLO YMENT WANTED MALE.
COACHMAN; understands his business thor-
1 oughly; Is curable of taking charge and CRre
of gentleman's residence; Al references. Ad-
dres.s C. R.. 1022 Jackson St.
CHINESE experienced, first-class cook wishes
position; hotel, boarding house or family;
irood references; satisfaction. 116 Prospect
place, near California and Powell sts. C. M.
GARDENER. German, slnsrle man, desires po-
sition; long experience In all branches of gar-
dening. Box 2NX), Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man. handy with horses and
tools, wants light work; no milking; wages
$10; best of references. H. W., 405 Francisco.
HORSEMAN wants situation; Al references;
has traveled all over the world with prize
i-tock; good driver and breaker. Box 3396, Call.
SITUATION wanted to work around a private
place: No. 1 horseman; strictly temperate.
Address box 33L6, Call office.
YOUNG man, 23 years old; good hotel or bar
man or can do most any kind of work. Box
3004, Call office. r.v,.
COOK, reliable man. wants position as chef In
hotel or restaurant: best of city references.
PETERSON, 545 Larkin St.
PRIVATE SECRETARY. ¦
ADVERTISING MANAGER OR
Confidential clerk; gentleman, 28, desires posi-
tion an above; exceptionally high references
and ability: a trial respectfully solicited. E.
W.. box 337 P. Call office.
CLERK— Experienced dry goods salesman of
tact and ability, well acquainted with general
and Implements, desires engagement in large
town or country; good references. J. H.
WHITE. 1137 Union st.. San Francisco.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes position as
stableman; first-class harness cleaner and
buggy washer. Box 3SSO. Call office.
EXPERIENCED valet wishes a position with
a gentleman traveling. Box 3345. Call.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as good cook
in a family. F. 11.. 248 EIH« at.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Work as salesman, stockkeeper or
shipping clerk; experienced In wholesale dry
goods and- the glass and china business; can
letter neatly with the brush. Address box 2740.
Call office. Oakland.
MAN. sober. Industrious, handy with car-
penter tools, good at any kind of work,
would like a Job; city or country. Address
box 3305. Call office. --^.
WANTED— Situation as porter in commission
house by intelligent j'oung man aged 20: has
had some experience. Box 3314, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9p. m. ¦
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
RUbscrlptlcns has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla gt. _____________^_— _
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071H Market st. ; examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
EXCHANGE.
TO exchange— A stock ranch of 320 acres in
Nevada for a small Improved farm near city.
Address J. C. SNYDER. 12% Hill St.
DESCRIPTIONS of small improved ranches
near city that are for sale or exchange. J.
C. SNYDER, 12^ Hill st.
CITY income property to exchange for small
fruit ranch. Box 3390. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NEW flata now ready; 4 to 10 rooms. $20 up.
At SPECK & CO.'S. 667 Market St.
A BRAND new 4 rooms; porcelain bath, electric
lights, gas, grates, nice storeroom; grand ma-
rine view. 1421 Green st., near Van Ness aye.,
one block from O'Farrell or Sutter st. cars.
FURNISHED flats— 3. 6or 9 rooms; $8 up; call
10 to 12. 7 St. Mary's. Pine, near Kearny.
IK you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN _; HO WELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION, 1513 H. near Eleventh— B large sunny
rooms; bath; laundry; rent reasonable.
SHIPLEY. 45, near Fourth— Sunny upper flat;
4 rooms; separate entrance.
T\VO sunny modern flats, 6 rooms and bath
each; rent $20 and $25. 971 Golden Gate aye.
VALENCIA, 223— Sunny flat, partly furnished;
6 rooms, 6 closets; bath and gas: reasonable.
$20— MIDDLE flat. 6 rooms. 711 Castro st.. near
Twentieth.
$IS— Upper flat, 6 rooms, with porcelain
bath. 641 Castro St.. bet. 18th and 19th.
$16 — Sunny flat of 5 rooms on Twentieth St..
near Castro. F. NELSON. 709 Castro st.
$12— FLAT of 4 large sunny rooms, bath and
pas. 392S Nineteenth St.. bet. Noe and San-
chez; water free.
2 LARGE rooms, with basement. If desired,
and sunny yard; cheap. 11 Harlan place, off
Grant aye.. near Sutter st. ¦
$6— LOWER flat and yard. 726% Harrison St..
between Third and Fourth.
$S— THREE rooms in good order; upper part.
3C5 First et.. above Folsom.
$16— SIX rooms and bath; lower part. 12 Guy
place, off First St.. Just above Folsom.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
YOUNG couple leaving city desire to sell their
elegant furniture; in use 4 months. Inquire
s<i9 Geary st.
FURNITURE of 6- room house: by piece or as
a whole; leaving city. 12 Hoft aye., near Six-
teenth and Mission. Call Tues. and Wednes.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpet*,
piano. 113." Market st. i telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY Mate with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HOTEL housekeeper for flrst-class country
hotel. $50, Fee party here at 11 o'clock to-day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 chambermaids to wait one meal. $20, city;
6 waitresses, city and country, $20; 6 restau-
rant waitress's, $6 and $7 week; cook $35.
and dishwasher, $50: cook, $25; woman to
take care of baths, $7 week.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Girl to run machine on canvas work, $4 week;"
2 cooks, $25, good places: second girl and
cook, $40; housekeeper: 6 housegirls. country.
$20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
COOK and waitress, country commercial hotel,
$30 and $20, fare here; 2 waitresses, country,
$20 each; middle-aged Catholic woman as
working housekeeper. $12; woman with a
chlM. as working housekeeper, country; house-
work, Modesto. $20. fare here; Eureka. $25,
fare raid; Pleasanton. $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter -t.
FRENCH maid. $25, need not speak English;
French second girl, Alameda, $20; chamber-
maid, plain sewing, private family, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 225 Sutter aU j
WANTED— 3 waitresses, country hotel, $20;
housegirls, Alameda, $25; Oakland. $25; Sau-
salito, $2.'>; Hanford, $20; Danville. $20; ranch
cook. $20; kitchen maid, $25; German or
Swedish woman for cleaning, $5 week; hotel
cook, $30, country; 10 hotel waitresses. $20.
city and country; German chambermaid, $20;
3 Ironers. $3 week, $25; 7 second girls, $20;
a lan?e number of housegirls, $20. $25, city nnd
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
SECOND girl. $25: 2 cooks. American style,
$30 each; 2 second girls. $20 and $15; nurse,
$20: housekeeper, $25, city: middle-aged wo-
man to keep house for 2 in family, $20. St.
Helena, no washing; second girl, country;
chambermaid nnd waitress, $20; woman for
light houecwork, $12 to $15: woman to cook
for 15 men, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WANTED— For Institution, near city, cirl to
make herself generally useful about kitchen
and dining room: good place at $25 per month,
with room, board and laundry. Apply to W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. ROOM 202. 927
MARKET ST.
Waitress, room and board. 2 hours off after-
. noons, $20; middle-aged woman for Petaluma,
see lady here, fare paid, $20; woman for
Truckee: general housework; fare paid. $20;
young French girl; child's nurse, nice home,
$15.
LUNCH and dinner waitress; 6 hours: $20 per
month: must be neat and active. Apply at
JOHNSON'S. 28 Montgomery St., between 10
and 12 a. m.
WANTED — Protestant girl to assist In house-
work and care of baby; wages $3 week. 1623
Golden Gate aye. . ,
YOUNG girl to assist In general housework.
917 Noe St., between Twenty-second and
Twenty-third.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework in prl-
• vate family: $15 per month and good home.
Apply 1215 Bush st.
WANTED— Young girl 14 to 16 years, to care
for child of 6; moderate salary; good home.
_16 Landers st.
TAILORESS wanted for bushellng department.
Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
2 GOOD makers wnnted, also apprentices, on
millinery. DINAN. 24 Kearny st. ./¦ .:
YOUNG girl wanted to do housework and take
care of a baby. 3723 Twenty-second st. ¦:-.;.
WANTED— Good talloress on custom coats.
305 A Mason st.
GERMAN girl; general housework; small fam-
ily; good wages. 933 Haight st.
EXPERIENCED Ironer on ladies' and chil-
dren's wear. 723 Market St., room 35.
APPRENTICE on coats. H. DAVIS, 121 Russ
street.
YOUNG girl that speaks German for bakery.
Turk and Hyde sts. •*».--
GIRL for general housework. 1904 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework: family of 3; $15;
call Wednesday morning. 3014 A Sacramento.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework and care
of children; $15. 718 Stelner st. __££*
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In light
housework. 2241% Sutter st. : :
GIRL or woman for housework In a small ¦
family; good wages. 524 Oak st. .-'"-'¦--•?
FIRST-CLAFS tallbress on fine coats; wages
$12. 3UV4 Jones Bt.. near O'Farrell.
WANTED-7-Flnlshers and operators on custom
coats: steady work. 40 Ellis St., room 52.
GERMAN or Jewish lady to do plain cooking
and light housework. 5C9 Hayes st.
YOUNG girl to mind 2 children; good home; $6
a month. 1237 Howard Bt.
GIRL to assist In hou6ework. 96 Cumberland
St., cor. Dolores.
WANTED— Respectable girl for housework in
private family; $15 per month; good home.
1215 Bush, between Hyde and Larkin.
WANTED— Competent skirt makers. 616 Sut- .
ter st.
A GIRL wanted to assist In general housework;
must sleep at home. 600 Clayton Bt.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 609 Kearny st.. room 2.
WANTED— FIrst-class skirt hands at SCHIM-
M_L &. STOVER'S, 40S Sutter st
HELP WANTED— FEMALES.
GIRLS WANTED .-'i ' "'
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEV!
STRAUSS & CO.. 36% Fremont «t.; eleT»tor.
APPRENTICES for tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st.
WANTED— Woman for light housework in ex-
change for a good home and small wages.
Call 724 Clementina, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
GIRL for light housework; good home. 133
Rufs st.
A GIRL for housework In a smalt family; good
wages. &24 Oak st.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents* custom
shirts. ROGERSON. 535 Valencia st.
NIGHT school reopens April 2; speed class $3
per mo. Ayrea' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2220 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk^Bt.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haa been opened
at 1223 Polk st. : open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
A^mT~rThaNSEN Sc CO.'S.rTTIoTGEARY ST.
100 teamsters, laborers and rockmen for Coast
Railroad in Santa Barbara and Monterey
counties, free tare
10 quartz miners. $2 50 a day; 2 black pow-
der men, $2 60: 4 machine men for a mine, $3
a day; wheelwright. $2 50 a day; ranch black-
smith, $35 and board; band sawyer and edger-
man; 20 farmers, $20, $25 and $26; 2 choremen.
J2O and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
A— BAKER, country. $40: cakebaker, $35; cook
and dishwasher $40 and $18; 20 dishwashers,
vegetablemen, potwashers and kitchen hands
for hotels and restaurants, city and country,
$30. $25 and $20
Waiter, country hotel, $30: waiter for resort,
$30; 6 waiters, city, $40, $35 and $30. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— BARKEEPER for country hotel. $60 and
found: see party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY.... PHONE MAIN 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
Engineer, hoisting engine, fare 50c $00
Band sawyer, $4 day; carriage trimmer, $3
day; 4 blacksmiths and helpers, $2 50 and $2
day ¦
Tall-edger hand, $30 and found; woodworker.
country $40 and found
CARPENTERS t
C carpenters, 4 months' Job, house building...
$3 day
12 laborers for a sawmill company $30 fd
Carriage woodworker, city $2 60 day
6 teamsters for a ranch, San Mateo C 0. .526 fd
Nurse, Institution, $25 and found; gardener,
$2f» and found; second cook, $42 50 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
A— FOR a syndicate and bank You'll cult
12 men or strong boys to dig small trenches
so water can run down between vines, trees,
etc.; help generally; what you don't know
the general manager will teach you; wages
$20 per month and found, fare $1 10
Look here, 15 men or strong boys to pull rhu-
barb and hoe In an orchard, no experience
required, fare 30c $17 50 and found
MECHANICAL HELP. ETC
4 blacksmiths, shops, ranches, etc., $45 and
found, $2 50 day; carriage trimmer, $3 day;
band sawyer. $4 day; tall-edger hand. $2 75...
.TO THE MINES, SPECIAL R. R. RATES.
19 laborers, no experience required, you'll
suit, wag^s $48 per month and found; steady
Job; 12 miners, different gold mines. $75 and
$3 day: 15 muckers, come at 0nce. ..563 and fd
STABLES, DAIRIES. FARMS. ETC
69 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for different
placep $35. $30, $26. $25, $20 and found
18 milkers $30, $25 and found, good places
12 choreboys and men.. s2s. $20, $15, $10 and fd
M. &. R. SPECIAL LIST
15 boys for trade*, stores, bakeries, factories,
wagons, hotels, paper offices, etc
6 coal miners. 6 men to buck c0a1.. 575 and $60
WOODCHOPPERS. TIEMAKERS
361 men for above work. $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75,
$1 50, $1.75 c cord; 13c, 12c, lie each; tools,
focd advanced: some fares paid and at mines.
TEAMSTERS. ETC
27 scraper 4-horse teams, large ranch, $26 and
found" 5 teamsters, special ranches, $32 50,
$26 and found; fare $1; other places
IN AND NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
C two-horse teamster* $26 and found
16 laborers, fare 35c $27 50 and found
25 laborers, good Jobs..sl 75 day, $30 and found
6 laborers. San Mateo Co., $26 found; 5 dril-
lers, $60; 4 milk wagon drivers, $35, $30, $25,
$15 and found; 2 butchers, 4 tailors
...HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
S7 cooks $30. $45. $40. $35, $30, $25 and fd
25 waiters and dishwashers, $30. $25, $20, $15
and found: 7 laundrymen..s3s, $30, $26 and fd
Several second and third cooks, porters, 5
ranch cooks and 250 Job* not advertised
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Butler and wife, country. $50; 3
carpenters, $3 day; machinist, $2 50 day; 15
miners. $2 50 to $3 per day; 2 drill miners.
$3 day; farmer and wife, $40; boys for delivery
wagon. 75 cents day; wheelwright, $3 day:
curriage painter, $2 50 day; 20 milkers. $25. $23
and $30; farmers: choremen; woodsmen; la-
borers, $26 nnd board, and many others. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Second cook, $40; dishwashers, $30;
night cook, $13; night steward. $10; ranch
cook, $20; dishwasher, country. $15; candy
maker, $2 50 to $3 day; night cooks, city, $13
week. $9 week: second cook, $9. $7 week: wait-
ers, $11, $7 50, $6. $5 week: orderman for dumb
waiter. $30; kitchen man. $25. and other
kitchen help. J. F. CROSETT AGENCT. 62S
Sacramento st.
WANTED
Stableman for flrst-class ranch, $25 and board;
wagon-maker for country shop, near city; tim-
ber feller, wewvichopper, crosscut »awyer and
cook for logging camp, near city, see party
at our office to-day milkers, $30 and $25; 2
farmhands* for orchard near city, $26 and
board, and others; Feoond cook for nice small
restaurant In city. $40. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED— S farmhands for flrst-class vine-
yard company: $26 and board. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay et.
BARBERS' Progressive Union — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted on Jackets
and waists: must be rapid, proficient In de-
tail, good presser: wages $24 week; steady po-
altlon. Apply STEIN. SIMON & CO.
WANTED — Young man with small capital;
light, genteel work: $15 to $1S per week. Par-
ticulars at COSMOPOLITAN AGENCY, 26
Geary «t.
EXPERIENCED salesmen to solicit country
family trade for a large wholesale house; sta-
ple article; good pay. Address box 3002, Call.
SHOEMAKERS wanted, McKay and Goodyear
lasters: also competent stock fitter and bot-
tom finishers. O. M. KUTZ CO.. 103 Mission.
BARBER wanted evenings. Wednesday, Sat-
urday and Sunday. 1207 Scott St., between
Ellis and Eddy.
WANTED— Good barber at 2604 Sutter st.
GOOD barber wanted: short hours. 504 Battery
st., near Washington.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 107S Market
Bt.. near Seventh.
WANTED— Barber for Wednesday, Saturday
and Sunday. 122 Third st.
GOOD barber wanted; flrst-class only need ap-
ply. 1759 Union st. '
GOOD barber wanted at 607 Bryant st.
CASHBOY wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market at.
TAILOR wanted. Call 663 Valencia st.
BRIGHT boy. 16 years, to learn trade. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market St.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 506 Howard st,
near First.
BUSHELMAN and presser Rt the California
Clothing Renovatory. 116 Geary st.
BOY who has worked In bakery; $15 and found.
1515 Devisadero St.. near Geary.-
PAINTER — General plain papering; small shop;
lowest wages. Particulars to box 3313, Call.
WANTED — Strong, experienced male attendant;
mental care; wages $30. 1832 O'Farrell, a. m.
GOOD boy wanted to work in Gooch's Oyster
Grotto. 113 Ellis Bt.
COOK and waiter wanted at 12 Jackson Bt.
WAITER wanted. 207 Third st.
BAKER wanted; young man to work on bread,
cakes. 220 Sixth st.. Oakland.
WANTED— First-class oyster house waiter. M.
. B. MORAGHAN, California Market.
TAMALE maker wanted. 1121 Folsom st.
GRUBSTAKE— SO miners and laborers for Nome
and return; $5 per day, board and lodging;
must have responsible and reliable parties;
applicants must have $110. S9 Murphy bldg.,
1236 Market st., 10 to 12 and 2 to 5. :.-..-._<: .-..-._<
MILK wagon'driver; Scandinavian preferred;
wages $30 a month and found. 145 Noe st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St., San Rafael; telephone red 13.
OFFICE boy wanted. FINK & SCHINDLER.
1309 Market st.
MEN and women to learn barber, hoirdresslng
and manicuring trade; catalogue mailed. S.
F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
BARBER shop; building, ground, lease; coun-
try: first class; part cash. G. W. .8., Mill
Valley.
MEN to co north for the summer; no experi-
ence required. 28 Steuart st.
BARBERS— I want to buy a small 8c or 10c
shop. Box 3162. Call.
r
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corp*. U- 8. nary; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
'4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 4C Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cal.. or
MO X et.. Sacramento. Cal.
BARBERS: first-class man wishes to rent fur-
nished shop. 2 or 3 chairs, with living rooms
attached; option of purchase; town or coun-
try. Addresss box 5383. Call office.
SALESMAN for hardware In San Francisco
and surrounding towns: permanent position
to energetic party; experience not necessary.
Address with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co.. 16 Wick block. Cleveland. Ohio.
GRUBSTAKE— EO miners and laborers for Nome
and return; $5 per day. board and lodging:
must have responsible and reliable parties. i>9
Murphy bldg.. 1236 Market. 10 to 12 and 2 to &.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Jc
to 50c. C 62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER wanted to buy barber shop; modern
furnishings: 2 revolving chairs, etc.: best lo-
cation In Alameda: will sell very cheap; as a
whole or in lots to suit; cash or Installments.
Apply Oakland Auction Co.. 465 Twelfth St.,
Oakland, or E. D. JUDD. 1424 Park St.. Ala-
meda. - :''.:-l: ''.:-l
BARBERS— For sale, the best 1-chalr shop in
the State; price $400. Apply DECKELMAN
BROS.. lOC Ellis st.
WANTED— FIrst-class ladles' tailors at
SCHIMMEL & STOVER'S. 403 Sutter st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
caah prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in S weeks;
day and evening classes: special Inducement
this season: handsome illustrated catalogue
and nouvenlr free; only Institution in the
world teaching the barber and nalrdreaslng
trades. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay et. Branches— San Francisco, New York.
-Pt. Louis, Chicago. Minneapolis.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 18
years' practice; Examiner Wdg.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
LINDELL House, corner Blxth and Howard-
Rooms 16c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
lIORSBS, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
J27 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HORSES: 8 hours from Oakland; also 150
stock horses Modoc County. J. T. JONES.
565 Fourth aye.. Oakland.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1(21
and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
WANTED — Carload mules, broken or unbroken;
under 9 years; weight 1000 pounds or over.
Box 2003. Call.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltzer'a
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
$300— TEN-ROOM house; 6plendld furniture.
DECKER. 1020 Market st. "
16-ROOM house; hair-top mattresses; oak furni-
ture; rooms all rented; must sell. DECKER,
1020 Market *L
X—4l-ROOMX — 41- ROOM corner; electric elevator $3900
30 rooms; restaurant and bar; In Stockton 750
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash 2200
16 rooms; new furniture; rent $65 1600
Partner In 2S-room house 11^0
20 rooms on Turk street 800
ii-room flat: new; elegant 550
is rooms on 1 floor; near Call office 5.'0
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 400
30 rooms; fine, sunny corner; on one floor. 900
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments iZ-O
65 rooms: on Bush st. ; clears $250 2SOO
30 rooms; on Kearny st. ; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms: on Market et. : payments ISOO
GO, 40 and 125 rooms; boarding house.
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market et.. opp Fifth.
A-KREDO & CO 22% GEARY ST.
Money to Loan at Low Rates
Telephone Black 5052.
9-rocm flat: newly furnished; central $400
10 rooms; nicely furnished; cheap 500
10 rooms; new and good; profitable 1900
16 rooms; new and good; profitable SCO
25 rooms; modern corner; offices 2700
10 rooms; fine corner; central; only 400
105 rooms; modern; with elevators BiOU
12 ROOMS; 3 blocks N. of Market $450
16 rooms; Geary st.: fine and full 1600
26 rooms on G. G. aye., cor.: rent $100.... 1450
82 rooms; cor.; 2 blocks of Mkt.: rent $100. 900
64 rooms; 1 block of Mkt.; money maker. 3500
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St., nr. Call bldg.
23 ROOMS; corner; near Tlvoli; rent only $65:
price $1100. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
39 ROOMS; corner: good furniture: $SOO buys it.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
IC"> ROOMS: business corner; clears $150; price
$300. WINSTON & CO.. 1028 Market st.
A— WANTED; good tenants for new houses;
95 and 150 rooms. At SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Mkt.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st. : new cash buyer daily.
NICE 12-room house. Ellis, near Jones, $450; IS
rooms, nice furniture. Geary St.. $600. C. D.
DAVIS, room 69. 916 Market St.
ELEGANTLY furnished house. 9 rooms, bath,
laundry; nice yard; permanent roomers;
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market:
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE 2-story and basement house; modern
improvements; fine flower garden; 1731 Bu-
chanan st.. bet. Sutter and Post. Apply 623
Golden Gate aye.
AT 2S Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 5-room house: laundry- yard, cellar;
water free; perfect repair; $13.
OLIVE aye., 560. near Laguna— B rooms and
bath; rent very cheap. MADISON A BURKE.
STEVENSON. 694— 6 rooms: near Market; rent
cheap. MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO let— A furnished house: 10 rooms, with mod-
ern improvements; large garden, lawn, etc.
Apply on premises, 2143 Larkin St., after 4
p. m.. or ef owner, S. OTIS, at 31S Montgom-
ery st.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On Howard st.. bet. TniroTand~Fourth.
bank book on German bank; name W. T.
Qulnn. Return to 322 Third; receive reward.
LOST— A pair of white rosary beads, between
Fulton and Sacramento sts., on Octavia.
Leave at 515 Gough st.
LOST— A pocket ledger; name and address on
covor. Return to 23 Powell st. ; reward.
MEDICAL. ~
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure in one
day; 15 years' successful practice In S. F. •
maternity home; low fees. 1007H Market st.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowne_
ladies' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousand* of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed. !
Write or call at 1023H Market st !
MRS DR. KOHL, ladles" spedallst-Guar-
anteed treatment at office, ti: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st. bet
Mason and Taylor: hours » ». m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
in confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment: consultation free. 943
Post »t.. between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' speclal-
lst: cuaranteed treatment at office. $5: safe
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to S.
DH. and MRS. DAVIES. Ms Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late sclen-
tlfic methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $5.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment $1.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
St.: every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. «nd MRS. M. WEGENER-Prlvate home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. US Mascn st.
BIEDICATED BATH!
DR- CX _ NA MT*S Compound Vapor Bath— Pari-
ties th» blood; destroys disease germs: pro-
tects; cures; revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bill*: outfit* for »a!e: agents wanted: send for
booklet. ANIDROPIH. <? p n .» , t .. 3. F.. Cal.
___ MILL VLLLEY HOUSES.
TO let— Mill Valley residence. 8 mo. or more;
modern. 12 rooms, stable, bearing orchard. J
block* from station, p. GARDNER, Mill
\ alley, Cal.
/ ¦ *.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH St WOLPMAX, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-10_-1031-M23 Mission.
St.. above Sixth.
FOR gale— Patterns for 2-H. P. ga a engine;
castings for small engine, work half fin-
ished. 135 Douglass st.
FOR sale— Steerage ticket on first boat to
Nome. Apply RICHARD WHITE. 423 San-
some st. •
•97 RAMBLER btcycle; fine condition: owner
leaving city; $10 cash. Address box 3308. Call.
FOR sale— Drawing board. 36x43: printing
frame with glass. 35x42. 135 Douglass st.
SLOOP "Southern Pacific," 66 feet long. 29
feet beam. Apply Alameda Point.
PLAT in O. F. Cemetery: choice location. Oldl
Friends' Homestead; sloping grouad; no rea-
sonabl* offer refused. C. H. BLOHM. 11l Calif.
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter. 10 montha old;
will sell at a bargain. 2525 Sixteenth »t.
FOR sale— An electric fan or will exchange for
a good bicycle. Apply 19 Pol* »t-
A— BUYS sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines boiler^ water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. 'WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
MAKE walking easy by wearing rubber heels;
recommended by physicians; put on while you
wait; ECc. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. lath.
CASH registers, second-hand, of every descrip-
tion bought, sold, exchanged and repair-"!.
1309 Mission st.. between Ninth and Tenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced t>
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUFi.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Ping.
A FINE suit $10; dress pants $2 73. MlsftY
Clothing Parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma-
chinery- Mclr.tosh A Walpman. 195 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood,
planers: lathes: 2d-hand. J. Hurke. 180 Beal*.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
chea p. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
S H. P. STEAM hoist and boiler In perfect
order: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale an-1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 218 California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SATECO ; Jll_3Jacrament_j__
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main «t.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: t
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 22<> Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Thoroughbred St. Bernard pup
(male): reasonable; state price. Box JCOS.
Call office.
WANTED — Old fast-flying pigeons; no squabs.
For terms and shipping direction* apply tv
San Francisco Trap Shooting Association. 22J
Market »t. ______________________
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano foe
cash. H. L. WHITKHEAP. 1719 Market st.
~ ~~ BIONEY TO LOAN-
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84S Market
st.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount:
lowest rat?s. BECKER &. CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on. furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 128 Kearny St.. room 9. respectable prtvat»
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service; money direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
(8 and 69, Donouue building. 1170 Market st.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold an.l silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and,
other collateral. D. McRAE. 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44, Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott build-
ing — Men can secure loans on personal note.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. 821 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wlthcut
indorser. MORRELL. 6U9 Examiner building.
$30 TO $50.0 CO; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need,
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser:
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Disccunt Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTIIUJM—NTS.
A LARGE NUMBER OF FIXE BARGAINS
IN STEINWAY.
WEBER,
CHICKERINO.
HAL ES BROa,
BUSH & OERT3.
ELLINGTON.
AND OTHER PIANO 3,
The Hamilton-Bancroft Stock
Recently Purchased by Us.
It will pay you to call and see them.
UPRIGHTS $."0 UPWARD.
SQUARES $25 UPWARD.
ORGANS $20 UPWARD.
BYRON MAUZY.
3C3 POST ST.
WE HAVE WHAT YOU MAT WANT. *
YOU MAY HAVE WHAT WE WANT.
WE WANT MONEY WHICH YOU MAY HATH.
WE HAVE PIANOS WHICH YOU MAY WANT.
Our pianos are the DECKER & SON. PACK-
ARD, and BOOTHE BROS.: we have many
good second-hand instruments varying In prtco
from $75 to $275: call for price lists and terms.
MAUVAIS' Muslo House. 763 Market St.
ALL kinds of musical instrument* sold for caati
or Installments at lowest prices at MAU-
VAIS' 7S» Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago la KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
16. M and 30 O' Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done v please and satisfy th«
customer.
KNAIiE ptanos: new scale; new styles. KOII.
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
A LIST OF MONEY PAVERS. V
Samples from factory which are out of our
regular line: cuch makes as Weber. Hardman.
Ccnover. Behr. Everett and Klngsbury: prices
from $150 to t-OO less than regular price. Also
8 slightly u?e.l pianos from $137 up; easy pay-
menu See us this week If you want a snap.
BENJ. CUP-TAZ & SON. 16 O"FarreU st.
ARE you In need of a ptano? We have a large
aasortmer.t of new and second-hand piano* of
the best makers: sold for cash or very easy
payment": $6 down and $8 per month for an
eleeant new upright; some good pianos fop
$3, ~s4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAT
ft CO.. Steinway dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny sts.. San Francisco; corner Thirteenth
•nd Broadway, Oakland.
A FEW pianos will be sold for storage at auc-
tion prices; dirt cheap for cash. WILSON" 3
Storage. 1710 Market at.
PIANO— Fine upright: cost $450: must be sold
by the :th; great sacrifice. Box 3384. Call.
FINE Flucher A Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
A BARGAlN— Steinway. $125; store open Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 138 Ellis st.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. E6O Hayes »t.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Baccn and Hallett ft Davis pianos.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; chean.
HORNUNOS. 218 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister St.. next Hlbernla Bank.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. iil
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STOnESI TO LEtT"
ELEGANT location; suitable for~doctor or
dentl.»t. Audubon. California and Hyde.
$15— STORE. NW. cor. Post and Baker, with,
fixtures; 3 rooms in the rear; concrete cellar.
FOR rent— Elesant offices in Y. _L ci a!
building. Mason and Ellis its.
PALMISTRY.
MM _ E - N '«"gaard. Pres. St. Germain College o_
Palmistry; reads Ito 8. CM Oe*c£ )£ 3£<-k
10DIED. ' ?
Barry. William E.
Bowen, Aujrustus C.
Brinkerhoff. Sadie A.
Brown. Hazel '
Campbell. William
Harowitz. Plmon \
Fleckmann Herrmann
Howard, Mary
Hushsprinir. Hannah
Jansen. Lnrena
Kelly. Peter
Kohler. Joseph J.
Laherty. Mrs. C.
Lambert, Sarah
Lambert. William
Lundent Fred
McManus. Michael
Monsa, Rosa P.
Fereda. Arthur
Robinson. Blanche L
Pandelln. Victor N.
Shields, James H.
Schumacher. Anna
Staples. David J.
Strome. Edward B.
Sullivan. Catherine
Taro, George
BARRT— In this city, April 2. 1900. at. the resi-
dence of his sister. Mrs. S. F. Hodgklns. 1206
Green street, near Hyde, William E. Barry,
beloved son Of the late John and Margaret
Barry, and brother of the late Mx_. r. w.
RAILROAD TBAVIL
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Vln Saasallto Ferry.
Connsecclr.z October t, 1399.
JTROM SAN FHANCieCO TO MILL. YAU-Dt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK D-V.Ys— *7:«. -9:10. 11:00 a. m.| 1:0,
•1:40. S:l5. 5:00. S:SO s. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 d. n.
SUNDAYS— "Sieo. 10:00. *U:» a. m.; •__,
1:15. *4:45. 1:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) rua to San Qutntln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO*BAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, t:3S. 7:43. .•SMO a. __.!
"12:30, 2:18, *3:40,*»:1* P- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 4:49 and 50:15 d. m.
SUN.DATS--S:tO.- •«:<». 10:00. IV.it a. __?
•1:40. n:l3. 4:45. •*:«» D. in.
Train* marked <*1 start from San Quentla.
FROM VTT.T. VALLET TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:4S. «:«. 7:55. »:« a. m.j
12:35. »:IS. SMS. f:Z) p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 r. m.
SUNDAYS— «:C6. 10:05 a. m.: 11:06. 1. 15. 1:9%
I:C0, «:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAILS.
7:00 a. ra. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
t:44 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
_;QQ _ rri^ B^Sflffiyfr^yQPJj^jj SJld wit ___tl_2__i
"Women usually look on the bright side
of things — especially mirrors.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be lnsertsd. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
ABRAHAMS-In this city. March 27. 1900. "to
the wife of Meyer Abrahams, a son.
BOYD— In this city. March 8. 1900. to the wife
of Robert Boyd, a daughter.
JOHNSON— In this city. April J. 1900. to the
wife of Captain P. Johnson, a son.
WUUZ-lp Oaklajid, to the wife of W. C.
Wurx, a daughter.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for 51 per rear. |
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at WSS
Valencia Et.
UNITED States Engineer OfHce. Flood butld-
lrjjr. San Francisco. Cal. April 3, 190n.— Seal-d
proposals for dredging in Alviso Harbor. Cal..
will be received here until IS noon. May 3.
1»-XV Information on application. W. H.
HEUER. Lleut-nant Colonel Engineers.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
>TEW YORK. April 3.— M. H. Heyne
man of San Francisco is at the Plaza;
Henry Steincamp of Los Angeles la at
the pmpire.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FINE hiSuse of 8 rooms, fully furnished, for
rent. MASON & MeLEN ATHBN. adjoining
PQ?tcfgo«*. Berkeley- station.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South £35: packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Stoi«aire and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2220 FlUmore st.; 'phone Jackson 28L
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-ROPOLPH" Storage and Movlng^CoT
Of«ce. 401 Post it., cor. Powell; teL Main 571 i.
SEWIXO MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. l4s 6th; phone Mint 4S.
VAN NESS aye.. 544 (The Wallacs)— Rooms
and beard: furnished and unfurnished: $10 up.
Bow&ch and M. H.. J. J. and G. F. Barrr. a
# native of San Francisco, aged 26. years and 10
months.
Cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday*, at 9:30 o'clock, from his lav»
residence, 1206 Green street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a requiem high mass
will oe celebrated for the repoee of hla soul,
cornme-nclne at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BOWEN— In San Jose, April 2. 1900. on his 75ta
birthday, Augustus C. Bowen. a native of
Waterford. Ohio. (Placer County papers
please coj-v.)
BRINKERHOFF— In Oakland. Acril 2. 1300.
Sadie A. Brinkerhoff, wife of Dr. G. Erwin
Brinkcrhott, mother of Ethel Anita Brinker-
hoff. and sister of John C. Broadle, a native
of Illinois, aged 23 years 11 months and 21
days. (Joliet, 111., papers please copy.)
CTPriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the faneral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock. at the chapel of the First
Presbyterian Church, corner Fourteenth and
Franklin streets. Interment private.
BROWN— In Santa Barbara, April I. 19^0.
Haxel. beloved daurhter of Jennie and the
late William G. Brown, and sister ot Sidney
Brown, a native of San Francisco, ajred Is
years 3 montfcs and 17 days. --; c *•'¦-"-__
C^The fyneral services win take place
to-morrow (Thursday), at 2JO o'clock, at tae
rarlors of N. Gray & Co.. Ml Saoramento
street. Interment private Jn Cypress La^-
Cemetery, by 3:39 o'clock train from Third .
and Townsend streets.
CAMPBELL —In Halfmoon - Bay. William
Camrbell. son of John and Ma»*uerite «-aJ*ip-
bell. and brother of Edward. Richard. John.
George. Mary. Maggie and Josie Campbell
aad Mrs. Annie Murphy, a native of Half-
moon Bay, aged S7 years 2 months asd 24
days.
HAROWITZ-In this city. April 3. 1900. Simon,
beloved husband of Estelle Harowuz. ana
beloved father of Allle. Joe and Jenette Haro-
wltz, a native of Germany, aged £3 years.
TO the members of Court Bay City No. 11. F.
cf A.: Please take notice of the deatii or
Brother Simon Harowitz of this court, whoso
funeral tak»s place to-morrow (Thursday), at
10:30 o'clock, from his late residence. 340
Tehama street. Members will please attend.
3y order of S. MARX. Chief Ranger.
E. A. ISRAEL, Financial Secretary.
HECKMANN— In this city. April 2. IMO. at his
residence. ISC4 Ellis street, near Pierce. Herr-
mann H.. dearly beloved husband of Chr.s-
Ctne Heckmann. father of Mrs. v. A. Hlnx<M-
bing and Herrmaon Heckmann Jr.. and
brother of Mrs. J. CordM. Mrs. Marie \ -11-
mer and Mr-. C. Lehrke. a native of Osna-
bruck. Germany, aged J8 years 9 months and
14 days. '^'/¦ ; --
HOWARD-In CMs city. April 3 15^0. Mary
Howard, a native of Ireland, ased 61 years.
HUSHSPRING— In this city, April 3. 1900. Han-
nah Hushspring. beloved mother of Mrs. E
Goldberg and Abe Hushspring. a native of
Warsaw. Poland, ag^d 69 year*.
ETFriends and acquaintances art respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from 50 Rausch
street.
JANSEN— In this city. April 2. 1900. Lnrena.
beloved wife of Romberg Jansen. daughter of
J.rr3. Martha Patton. and sister or William.
Felix and Henry Patton. Mrs. I. Labell. Mrs.
J Whitchurch and Mrs. M. Rialto. a native
of Santa Rosa. Cal.. aged 11 year* S months
and 20 days. (Santa Rosa. Cal.. papers please
C °|^rFTi»nd3 and acquaintances are re*reet-
fully invit-d to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
de-ce 1567 Post street, between Octavia and
Lacuna. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KELLY-In this city. April L 19C0. Peter, be-
loved husband ofMan' Kelly, a native of the
parish of Crau_hwell, County Galway, Ire-
land, azed 64 years.
r7"Frienrfs and acquaintances ar» resrxjet-
f:'!lv invited to attend the funeral to-mon-ow
(Thur«day), at 3:30 o'click. from his late
r-sliience! SI9 Bryant street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated f«r the repc»* of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
KOHLER-In this city. April 3 W>. Joseph J..
beloved son of Joseph J. and Mary J. Kohler,
a native of Pan Francisco. a_ed 4 year*.
LAHERTY-In Stockton. Cal. March 21. 1900.
Mrs. Catherine Laherty. beloved mother of
James Laherty. and aunt of Daniel ana Kate
Deemond. a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
LAMBERT— In Cloverdale. Cal.. April 8, IS9S.
Sarah Lambert, a native cf Glasgow. Scot-
*' a __TThe remains will be Interred in Laurel
Hill Cemetery thii day (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock.
LAMBERT-In this city. March 81. 13C0, Wil-
liam Lambert, beloved husband of the late
«arah Lambert and dearly beloved father of
George L. and Thomas A. Lambert and Mrs.
C G. Hlghtower, a native of Essex. England,
a_ed 75 years.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
'ully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Wednesday), from the residence of his
daurraer 503 Buchanan street, at 2 o'clock.
Interment Laurel HiU Cemetery.
LT-NDEN-In this city. April 2. 1900. Fred, be-
loved husband of Katharine Lunden. father
of Lena Lunden. and brother of Mrs. John
Hess and Henry Lunden. a native o£ Han-
over. Germany, aged f« years.
__7"Friends and acquaintances .are r»sr»ct-
fully invlu>d to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interm-nt Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
McMANUS-In this city. April 2. 13C0, Michael
beloved husband of Hannah McManus. and
father of Josephine and Elizabeth Ann Mc-
Manu« a native of County Fermanazh. Ire-
land a'eed 53 years 6 months and 13 days.
C_7"Fri»nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
re«>idence K«B Howard street, th-nee to st.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
jit 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-.
MONGA-In this city. April 3 1900. Rosa
Perazzo Monra. beloved mother of Mrs. Lui«a
de Locchi and Matilda and Giuseppe Monga,
a native of Italy, aged 42 years.
TEREDA— In this city, April 3. 1900. Arthur.
beloved husband of Carrie R. Pereda, son of
Natalia Vidal de Pereda. and brother of
Frank Larkln, a native of San Francisco,
a-*ed 25 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
v of Valente, Marinl & Co.. 1324 Stockton street.
ROBlN tON— Enter*!! Into rest, in this city.
\prll 2 1900. Blanche Ida, dearly beloved
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. I. Robinson, aged
19 y-ars and 5 months.
CTFriends ar» respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
10 o'clock, from her late residence. 1570 Ful-
ton street. Interment Hill* of Eternity Ceme-
tery. *
S\NDELIN— In this city. April 3. ISO, Victor
Vieolal. beloved sin of Frank and Maxle San-
delin. and brother of Frank Walter Sandelin.
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and 6.
months.
SCT-TUMACHER— Ia Oakland. Arrit 3. 1900.
' Anna M.. beloved wife of John Schumacher.
a native of Germany, ared 75 years 8 months
and 2 days. (Philadelrhia. pap*™ please copy.)
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Friday. April «. 1900, at 2 o'clock, at the Ger-
man Lutheran Zlon Church, comer cf
Twelfth and Myrtle streets. Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery. Please
omit Sowers.
SHIELD! I—ln1 — In this city. April 3. 1300. James H.
Shields beloved husband of Lizzie Shields,
a native of Philadelphia, sjred 50 years.
CTRemains at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler. S3« Washington street.
«T\PLF.Jr— In thl? city. April 3. 15iX). David
Jack.«on Staples, father of Mr». Kittle Sta-
ples Temans. and grandfather of David.
Pho*be and LJzxle Painter, a native of Med-
way. Mass., aged 75 years and 11 months. -
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day) at 12:45 o'clock, at the First Congrega-
tional Church, corner Pest and Mason streets.
Interment private. Mountain View Cemetery
STROME— In this city, April J. 1900. Edward
B beloved husband of Malvlna J. Strome.
father of Martha and Edward Strome, and
brother of Charles and William Strome. a
native of Wisconsin, aged 47 years and 17
crTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 20 Hartford street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. April t, 1300, Cath-
erine, wife of Thomas Sulllvaa. and mother
of Rev. J. .W., Eugene and Thomas Eulll-
van Mrs John Scott aad Mrs. R. Mcßride. a
native of County Cork. Ireland.
__TThe funeral will take place to-monwr
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clr>clc. from her late
residence-. 435 Twenty-ninth street, thence to
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be »elcbrated for the repo«e of her
»oul at 9 o'clock. Interment . Holy Cross
Cemetery.
T<RO— in the City and County Hospital. April
3. 1900, George Taro, a native of Japan, aged
4S year?.
A— HOTEL La Normar.die. S2S Eddy— Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; first-
class table and service: prices moderate.
EELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sanny
bay- window rooms; superior bcar-i; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table: prices moderate; 2 car lines pass hotel;
elevator: telephone Hyde 2771. 16i)4 California
St.. corner Polk, near Va.n Ness aye.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. April 3.
Nor stmr Titania. - E-enes, ,100 hours from
Nanalmo. --.-•/•
Tug. Sannon. Stream, 4 days from ¦ Grays
Harbor, with b*rge Washtucna^ tow.
Banre W'ashtucna, 4 days from Grays Har
bor, in ! tow of tug Samson.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 3.
Stmr Ruth, LundqulsV Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived At>ril 3— Stmr Kaiser
Wlltelm, from Bremen: stmr Ethiopia, from
Glasgow. - .»
NAGASAKI— ERiI#d March »I— Ptmr Flint
shire, from Manila, for San Francisco.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived AprlJ I— Stmr Patricia,
from Kew York, for Hamburc and proceeded.
McflVOY <fe CO.. 3
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMERSj
1235 Market St., between Sth aad Sth. I
Telephone South 247. j
MARRIED.
CONGDON— DAVIDSON— In this city. ADrtl 2.
1&00, by the Rev. John Stephens. Joseph H.
Congdon and Julia R. Davidson, both of Saa
Francisco.
WILDE— LITZrUS— In this city, March 15, 1300.
by the Rev. E. Eldridge, Richard" Wilde of
Berkeley and Clara A. Litzius of San Fran-
cisco.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Hyman Diamond, 26, U4S Howard street, and
Birdie Jacoby, 2L 1146 Howard street.
Harry L- Alkue, 23, Oakland, and Hattle Hy-
man. li. Oakland.
Colin J. Hannah, ti, city, and Sadie Mc-
Intosh. 29. city.
Fred C. Hill, 14. Louisville. Ky., aad Lottie
E. Hood. 21. Stockton.
H. C. Frederick Steen, 47, city, and Sara G.
Hyland, 31. city.
Duncan Mclntyre, 31. J Thirtieth street, aad
MlruJa. Steward. 19. S Thirtieth street.
Gregorio Losano. 24. Los Gatos, and Edith
Cbacon, Jl. Lcs Gatos. •
PROPOSALS.
PIVIDEXD NOTICES.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RAND HOTEL
Mrs Turner. L Aruj
F W Bancroft. Staafrd
J C Stevenson. L Ang
C M Hou.hland. Cal
E J Donerty. N J
L C White. Del Monte
H E Wright. Alameda
E Puerarl & w. RossV
E J Smith. Chlco
W S Bell. Healdsburg
J N Lean. Willows
M "W Palmer. Denver
C H Wallxer. L Ang
T Hcrton. Liverroor*
B C Head 4 w. Fullrtn
E E Qutnn. Spokane-
J M Richardson 4 w.
Cleveland
C P Sheltcn. Boston
B H Shelton, Boston
W A Rea, Boston
D II McEwen. Pomona
B D Blakesley. Nome
S A Kennedy, Evansvlll
W H Wright. Butte
H X Stahk». San Jose
E Prince & w. 11l
J E Manlove. facto
A Aguayo. Reno
Mrs C M Carran. Mich
Mrs F T Caushy, Mich
A C White. Stockton
W D Madipran. Stktn
11 J Priester. L An?
c t- inayer. bonora
C F Alward. Stockton
J Barnls Jr. Seattle
M Michael. Woodlaad
E F Fitigerald. Wood!
W Palmer. Denver
Mrs W W Kelly, Mich
J MeClure & w. Minn
W G Russell & w. Cole
E P Stacey 4 w, Minn
J Llnehan 4 w. Suisun
Mrs H Terriday. Conn
J McX Terriday. Conr
A A Alexander. Ind
Mrs A Harrall.Bakersd
R C Ser-»»on. Pa
W S L#wt<i. I^iyalton
O W Hurd. Florence
A Wellheim»r. Fresno
Dr H Dickenson. N I
Mrs Dickenwn. N V
A G McDaniel. Mo
ML«s r Lewi«. Benicta
Miss H Fen?on. Pa
Miss H S Fenton. Pa
J P Taylor. L Ang .
M B B*ard. Sacto *
E S Webber. Nara
M C Gurney. Redmond
J Geswell. Palo Alto
J A Rooinsmi. Englar..!
- W Harris. Port Costa
A Grey. Ln» Gatos
r H Ref.l. Sacto
PAUCT! HOTEL.
J C Branner. Stanford
A W Smith & w. 111
H Ber.tley. Woorlbridge
M V Hartrant. Los An
L Wormier & w. N V
G W Bishop. N V
W R Woodani. fjt Ang
S M Woodard. Lb An«r
Mrs M E Harbaugh. O
F C S Harba.ugh. O
T W Brophy. Chicago
L Baer. Oakdale
C P Bra* lan. San Jose
F H Medbury. N V
O L Richards. N T
G Wartler, Salt Lake
D L Meyers. Chicago
C E Wnltaker, Or
G V Hodges, Chicago
L Wag-enhelmer. N V
C F Scott. N V
B H Schultz & w. 11l -
A C Luck. Nevada.
F H Hayes. N T
J Terry. New Haven
F W Wnltmore. Conn
C R Dura! A w. Cal
IF W Thayer. Boston
jW T Dana. Bo»tr>n
iD H McEwen. Pomona
;R C Feryuson, Phlla
C W Ferris. Seattle
.Miis Buckingham. 11l
;C P Buckingham. 11l
Miss L H Stursls. 11l
jMiss Monro*. Southprt
i Miss Eaton. Southport
(Mies Perry. Southport
O Herget Si w 111
JMlss Herget. 11l
'S V Ryland. Stockton
i E J Swan. San Mateo
iG L Wlnn. Seattle
jW A Hall 4 w, N T
G Berkmans * w. N T
F A Dalley. Phlla
|J Underwood. Chicago
?Mrs M Judn». Utah
iMIm X Judge. Utah
Miss L Keith. Utah
¦ A Bateman & w. Utah
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
A J Gayer. Valley Ford
tl Tomer. Brentwood.
T H Jar.c. Yuba City
G R Edmunds. Op
Miss Edmunds, S J
C Wilson. Fresno
P Maher. Marysville
P de Martini, San Jose
J Olsen. Los Angeles
J McWiMa.nis. Ca!
W W Pringle. Martlnej
L Bachman. Rio V
C A Harvey. Los Anr
J E Hall. Sacto
D D Carpenter. Cal
F Brooks &. w, N V
S C Arbuckle St w. Mo
H McLach'an & w. N T
E R Williams & w. El
C ALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. April 3.— J. Llndeberjf
G. U. Paine and Mrs. Lane of San Fran
cisco arc at the Ebbttt; F. R. Kempt of
California is at the Ebbitt; C. Colljon.
Mrs. B. C. Genereailx and Miss L_ M.
Genereaux of San Francisco, Charles C.
Wood of Oakland, B. P. Wall, mother and
sister, are at the St. James; Percy S.
King of Xapa is at the Metropolitan.
PERSONALS. 1
ITI3W. BELLE — Oudry. photcgrapalc Paris-
:»»r». Eatraac» Isth. nr. Waihlcgtcn. Oakld.
PR. W. T. PARKER, the successful he*:«r. ]
:reax< aU ceno-js. ctiror.ic. throat and c»- i
ta.rrt£i without drues; o.s^ta::^ j
i^nd i;Kn..s* free, ijffice. 1027 i» Market at.
fHfB tailcrlcg. dyeing, cleaning and rer-aLricg; j
*uits n^aie :o order; lit ruar. 1 Eich'-h st.
LEDERER'S Quirrtonics. fcajr tonic Is harmless j
ar.a very ter.«?ficlal : Sec bcttle; Foario Sham-
p-x) :s the best; »c paefcxee. 12S Stockton st.
LEPKHER. the popular hairdresser, ha* paly
the rerjr Qwest styles; Cic: this week cr.ly ai-
•¦<-hcl -to%*s Cor r-KT'.-.r.K irons. 15c to 43c; 22-
lacti rsrltcbei. 13 LO. \Zi Etocktcr s^ _
SUPERFLUOUS HAIK rermaretit'.y renioveiJ
trj- e'.«:-_r:c r.eedle. I^>« Market tt.. room 14.
CURLED cr waved hair ca« be quickly ob-
tained fey usin« Tticotts Curling Fluid; 23
»er.t* tattle. ¦¦;> ,'%•¦;¦-.
*i P. MORSE. phot-;r»ph»r. ZS-S Pacific aye..
t»twpe:j Plere* ar.d Eeott; phcr.e Ste.ir.er J^l.
MRS. DP. L. BIT.OER. late matron cf. Ger-
rr.aa Kcscital. N. T., F^-ec'.aJ'.st for bladder.
k'.Jney. slcm disea*** ar.4 cancer, office 104!
Fourtn ft. A testimonial: Wm. Oeterho'.d. San
liatPO Orr^an Aijlum. sar»: I hai car.fr en
r-y !eft iec I was treat*:! by Mrs. Burger.
106 Fourth et.. ani certify ttat I was cured
ir. a. short time. V.'rr.. OsterhrlJ. San Mat»o.
A FINE fUU to order JlO 7S, or parts Jl 75; our
tpecla'.ty in reruns sts allows v* to sell ihr>aj>,
er thiV. r»a'iy-rr.iJ». L. LEM^S. Ul7 Market
St.. b^t. Jtli and Jth. prop One-price Tailor-
cr'.rr Co.. 5K Kea.r=v, pear Bacto.; alio HU
Market rt.. eager St. NtTtolas.
iTLE'^TRIC lights !n every room: Winchester
Hctel. 44 Th:n3 st.. tear Market: IN rooms;
Tic to tifO per n!gtt; Jl f- to W r.^r tree*;
free 'bus ana taggace to a.-vJ ftxm the t»rry.
IiMK. ADA c^res rte'jn:at;sai. hesdaches. r.cu-
ralria: all pain leaves !;ke ciaric frvn her
wor.ifrfu!'.y j-tfted hands. I7C Howard §t.
ELAND'S se-c.cni-har.ii c'.othlnj: store, 7S Ninth:
tali V3.:«e f?.r-en lor !a£>s'. children's cast -off
!r-.h:r.g. tmr.ks. etc. Phone. Howard USJ.
STAMMERING correcte-i ; t»cklet. J. WKITH-
H.-.RN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 13IS L-.r.dfn »t.. Oakiar.3.
"R'AVTED— O',4 c^ld fcr rr.ar.ufg. O NOLTE,
'"f>r. ;«S OTarre!!. twt. Powell and Ma«os.
TF t~- wisa tvSi value for your csst-off cicth-
|SS all cr. B. Cctf-\. IE7 Thtsd; tel. BUck 413.
LADIES' ar.a ger.ts' ca«t-cfT cloth'.nc bencht a.i'l
s-;:3 g'.lverr^ar.. ?«4 Folscn; t*l. FDUotn I^lt
ALASKA fur carmen's, hoodf. rsltts. leather
'¦<".» H M HrTV^MAN'. 1"« g»r.»-rr.e st.
PH YSICIAXS AXD sTIIGEOXS.
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL^o7r^^3~rMisericeT
'.'T.'-i Market St.. bet. S'.trr*. ar.<i fever.th.
REAL ESTATE: CITV — FOR SALE.
EAETO*. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
CU Market Street.
AUCTION.
AUCTIOX.
atction!
AUCTION.
T7JXSDAY. APB.II, IT. ISOO,
At 12 o'clock, socn.
At ©or salesroom. <2% Market st.
JONBS-6T. MANSION.
Ncrtfcw^et corner Lombard ar.« Jcaes sts.. No.
MM '..¦ - -.- : st. : iarge elegent rasidesce
of "J. rooms aad bath, attic tasersent.
lauriry. «c. : f.n:she<i throughout in
caturai woods. T<>ya wjod. oak. waJnut,
*te. ; original co»t I33.frX'; ta be sold ab-
solutely to hsrhe« bidder over !¦• 0
rsortraee. which »ta remain. If desired;
71:€xf§:$ feet.
PACIFTC HTJIGHTS F>ESIDEVCE.
North side. No. :v.s Wa*h:e*ton St.. r.ear Web-
ster; large res:<ienoe of S> r>ots« ar.4
bath; modern Imrnweaesu; sunny side
street; te*u
FORECLCSURE *SALE.
West si 4*. Ncs. fU *Ji4 HI4 Brcder.ck st.. rear
Grtyi-e; 3 f.ne well r-ullt fiats of €. 6, 4
rooms a_ni taih; rent* JW per month:
'~~rr.* cash above bank indebtedness of
KG*; 25x190 feet.
ELEGANT BROrERICK-ST. RESFDO'CE.
U*e*tf*id«, No. I*l7 Brodericij st.. 120 south of
Califcmia; aew modesn residence cf S
rooms and bath; servants' room, laun-
dry, etc.; porcelain tubs; tile mantels:
every cio<i»ra irrrroveir.er.t; a nne key
lot. pvrr.g Zijfct and s~n in ev*r}' room;
N^!W PAP.X PANHANDLE FLATS.
East #:d». Nos. TS2-754 •T'aj-tcn st-. c»ar WaJ-
ler; 3 r.ew p)+%st.z sojirs Sats of «.
' rooms and bath; beautiful and art.stic
Ir. ev^ry r>arti»-ular; all modern im-
t>roveia*r.t!<; porcelain tube: lile n.an-
tPls; fr»»of>*d dc»m» ceilings; light and ¦
sun in «-verr roma; lot "xI'K.S feet;
recta JSS per mootn: terms fisoo cash. .
r>,:ar.re Installment loan rajiaenu JC4
per n-.snth.
WEETtEN ASDITrON BUSINESS PROP- ;
North ifi4e. No*. 2XC-2K4 Union st.. near Bu- |
chanan «t. ; 2-story balMir.g <r.t;iir.ing ,
store aad raodem weli-slanneri fiat of '
7 rooms and tath; rer.ts Hi [~r month;
NEW PARK PANHANDLE RE?ir>ENCE-
Ea?t s: le. No. Nt Cole St.. near Waller: a
beautiful and artistic home cf 12 rooms 1
e~£ bath; evtry modem :sy;rovement:
T'.r?«?:a'.n tubs; tile ma£t*!s: frescoed
dome ctllin^-s. etc.; 2cx?s feet.
ADMINISTRATOR'S gALE.
Estate cf Lorenzo I«r«rsco, tieceas-d.
Northeast corr.er Lyon ft. arid Golden Gate
aye.. Nos. 8*) to fcXA Lyon st., and
Ncs. I>M-1?M Golden Gate aye.: £J canny :
modTti flats: rer.ts Jl£( SO per month"; j
aji modern inr.rrovesier.ti; Us;s fine in-
vestment must be . : • satisfy claims
against the estate: 4«:lCx:0o f*et.
V,E«EP.N AJDDITIOX FLAT?.
North side. Nos. lei*-:?:-", M-A!l:st»r st.. tear
Devlsadero; 2 r.ew flepar.t m-yi^r? Saa
of 7 and S rooms ar.d bath; 2:x:i7.« feet.
— —~
POINT LOROP-AVE. FLATf.
North Fi3e. Ncs. K22-1424 Potct Lobos aye..
tear Fcurth «ye. : 2 weii-built fiats of'
* ar.d 7 rooms and b*tb; m^^rn im- :
FTwemer.ts; rent* J34 per mooth; £-x:<' !
feet.
PA^IFI^ COTINFR I^TT"
Eotrthesist cerner WasaUucton and Lyon ets.; a]
t**utiful r^rr ( <*r it: l»vel ar.d ready for.
tuildißt; ir. f.r.e residenre netphbjrhnoil • '
21:2x100 feet.
TWENTT-FECON:.-:."r. BUILDING LOT.
*»*orth side r».nt>— r.<i «t., tS»:U feet w»«t
of Osu^-h; fin- ln t . with g-.^i
rirsv; e!o>-* v- Iflssioa and Tw»sty-«ec-
csd-st. car>; 2** 114 feet -
Catalornes of sa> or further partisu-
EAFTON. ELT'P.rDCE t rr)
CM Market St. I
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO .
i .._: •.-• r.'arkt Street.
PROPER TIESWS AST OF LATsiCIN AND
NORTH OF FOI^OM ST.
NORTH OF MARKET STREET.
127.000 — Vitf eff'r: let 57:€x"^T.€; on Putrer st..
I.'AT Kyde; present rents Jl6l p»r menta;
can be r . .—r .- i at clifht - x.- ¦ .-
i:4.«oft-^ > 'j-.s st., near Mason; 2£xf4; I fiats of T.
7 £_-. * % rocms and bath; renu . .; :;
rer Eioctt.
j:i,soo— Bush rt.. rear Mascn; lot 2S:tzS2:
flats cf 4. 4. 8 aid t rooms anS bath;
rests J5l per macth-
PATS lTrt PER CENT.
$7,s39— Ketr Stockton and Batter ets.; J new
Cats of f . f and 6 rooms aad bath; ¦
•vary modern inprorement, porcejLin •.
rube. tUs) mantels, etc; lot SOxS3 feet;
all rected to permanect tenants.
_____
J«,so»— Uake offer: on l*wis st.. n««r Taylor; 3
::-:—.-. Cau of 5, I t-i * rooms; rests
|i£ -
!».«»— On L*»reaworth rt.. ne*r Facraasenio; !
I fiats of 5 a_:i 8 rooms and bath; rents
|49 per month.
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET.
$I£,ooo—On Mission St.. b»<. Fifth aad Sixth;
store end 14 room*.
$14.50*— «jaai fwt. from Minna rt. b*ek to Na- !
• -r.* and calf a block from S«cond.
— " — —~
SZ.7S0 — On Oementlna rt. n»ir Second: lot Six !
•_'. * flats of > and S rooms; recta HZ li \
per rr .: ' -.
I2.SoO— Natoma St.. Dear Third; lot Jftr«O: old
in".pro%-ements; rer.ts $24 SO per month.
EJVSTON. ELDRIDCE * CO
C 2* Market E t.
TIIK fol!owl;g properties are In Berkejey:
$i5OO-Nlce taT-wladOw in East R*rke-
l«-y; cccttins 5 large rooms; bern; fine garden- i
t-C *C-_JS7;i; very r.eat end cotEi»lete clace; ia
Boe order: easj' terms. •
JiftJO— New modern €-ror>m cottage In fine rest- .
drace portion of Kast ric-rkeie;- : street work!
rfjae: lot 4ixl_»; near station; electric cars pass '
the property.
W2oo— New J-rtcry ho««u»; * large *unny rooms;
v«y clo«! to university and to Dwight way tta.. '
tioc; »«r>- beet portion of Berkeley; large comer
1-t
Send for ocr li*t of Berkeley hornm.
LTON & HOAG. 114 MontgotnePT St.
TO -.-if- an irsrnediate «ale I have b»en in- ,
strutted to fix the price of 2 we!l-lorat«i lot» '
in Ricfcmor.d at Ilia «-ach. Kit for. both: :/-x !
H» feet; Callff»rriia Title Insurance Company
will rive certificate. W. J. GUNN. £20 Cali-
fornia ft.
UUST be 5-:ld; store and nat: EE. cor. Mari-
io-s* and Floraia, tear Bryant. ge« owner.
____H_________|_A_____k_______B''
I KEAL SSTATK— CITY — FOR SALE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT/RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTIES
At £aJesr«x)ni, 14 Montgomery Street,
MONDAY. April t, ISOO,
- ¦ At 12 O'clock Noon.
| THE 4 FOLLOWING PIECES KNOWN AS
THE DI'fEXBERRr PROPERTY TO BE
[SOLD WITHOUT RESERVE TO THE HIGH-
EST HIDDEK. (THE CONFIRMATION OF
1 THE COURT IS NOT REQUIRED.)
Choice Kearr.y-street Investment.
20?.*U Kearsy st.. W. line, near Sutler.: sub-
stantial 4-stcrv brick building; rents J32S per
rr.onth; Irt 2^x£7:j to pear .street.
Choice Investment ia Wholesale District.
I>S Sar.scrr.e it.. W. line, near Bush; substan-
tial ?-fctory ar.^l basement brick buildlrvg; rent
J175 i#r month; let n:Ux*7:S to rear alley.
Choic* Fourth-street Business Property.
; 24. 22*. 22S and JW Fou.-th st.. SW. line., b*-
twwr Howard ar.3 Fcleocj: 3-s;ory frame build.
tog, i onsl.-tinp cf 3 stores ar.J lodging-house;
rents $125 per rcor.th; lot 50x75.
-Choice Eddy-street Investment. .
Undivided Half Ir.terest.
I -SIT 51>. 121 srA 122 Eddy ft.. S. line, between
; Hy<le and L*rk:n: 4 two-storr rrarr.e dwelling*
i cf » mcm« end bath each; rrorortlon ot rent
for undivided half ist^rest JSS 50 per month.
Th* two followijur properties, by order of
j Charles S. Buroell. sole referee. Subject to
! confirmation by the court:
No. 1.
i 765-7fr-?e3 Mission ft.. SE. line, between Third
' and Fourth ; substantial 3-stcry and ba*ement
! brick bnOdlnr. tsmstttla* cf 3 stores and lodg-
Ir.g-house: rerts J245 per month; let jOxIOT.
No. 2.
SW. ccrrer Bu*h «t ar.i Grant aye.: subsuis-
tlal 4-* tory and bas»n;*2t brick tuiliing; store
! on e-rcund Boor ani 3 fVx>rs above ased for
' lod«ri"? purposes; rer.ts S'.os fer mcr^h; lot !2x
i X subject to a claim for taxes for the widen-
ing of «Jrxr.t aye. (Dupont et.)
¦ w Rel'ree ?a> la Partition.
i Tie following property, by order of G. H.
i CnUyen, sole referee. Subject to ccr.armation
bj the court: , ' j
! JSS-S'j; M:*Bic-n St.. SE. liae. between Fi;th
asi Sixth- two . 2-«tcrj" aj-.d basement frame
; fcoures; renti J-2 50 per month: lot 4ox«0.
Ex«"cutrlce's Sale.
' SW corner F*.fth «r.d Fc'.?om sts. : "Of to 310
' Flftk *t consists of 2 stores and 4 flats of S
* roema ari be:!-. »ach; ?•"•! to ? 06 Fo'.som st. con-
1 •:-ts cf 6 stores. 3 Oats and lodging-house;
i seats J^3 30 r*>r month: lot 73x?0. /
Exe'-utric-'s Sale. .'
433 s.-.d 4". Stevenson ?t.. SE. l!n». b-twe-n ,
Fifth and Sixth rts.; in-.Frovemer.ts cen-ist of
facti.ry. store and cwe!!iog; rents $¦« per ]
| montn; let t^P; subject to confirmation by
Chelc* Western Addition Corner.
> TT^-TSI Fi'.imore *t.. SW. corner Grove; 1 bay- j
window hcuses of 8 an 3 11 rcon-.s and b«th each:
•brick f-jriJatirr.F-. stoae walks; both streets I
j accerted; lot Wxl22:e.
Choice Rlchaoud Cotirve.
t 113 T&irteenth av^-.. r»>ar I*ke «t. : cottage of *
4 roi-Tst and tath: hieh basement and stable: j
I lot Bxl»; thl* property faces the pressed i
, RPW r arhand> N?t«;<^ri the Park and Presidio. .
Aimir!:?tratc>r's Paj,e.
- City Hall aye.. SE. line, J75 f<wt NE. o/ Oty ,
Hall SQuare- lot 2Sx!2O; subject to confirmation
ty the ccurt.
Executrlce's SaJe.
2D-2T2 Lexington aye . W. line, between 15th
%x>\ 20th *t«. : 2 bay-wirniow flat? of 4 and 5 j
r^rr.fc and haih each: rents \ZS r#r month; lot
25x**>; rubbed to confirmation by the court.
Choice P.eFidv.ce Corner.
2591 Te^.w «t.. NW. ccrrer r-i Or<*n: sunny
desirable residence of 11 rocn-.s and bath, com- i
mandirr a Cne. usebstructfd marine view; !
stc^-e foucfiatlocs etc.: let 137:6x137:6.
ppremptory SaJe.
FE lire B-j«y.a Vl«ta aye.. close ta Ha!pht
and Baker sts.: t cholos residence lots; 23x123
; ear j.
For fnnher rertlr^!»r? apriy at our ofSce.
G H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers.
14 iXr.j-.ieoTT.rry ?t.
' ONLT A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
' On very ea*y payments: ehole* lots In -the
! block recently subdivided. . heur.ded by H ajd .
I I sts., Etghte*)nth ar.d Nir.»t—r.th aye»«. ;
} m th» Park ar.d the -fw Nir.et~-nth-ave. bou- j
. '.evard- c-.->st of the lots already eoH: balance ,
: r»-.und to «»!1 quickly; ftne ir.vertments: g*o<i j
! building lots: ail ready: lots on ofßcia' grade: ,
i.rsacadamlze-i: water pires '.aid; plank side- ,
j walk*: < per cent Interest onif\
! SEE THE HOUSES NOW B'JILDINO— TOUR j
OWN TERMS.
! Money advanced for bu!i<iin« purposes; «lee- j
; trie cars pass the property: see this block a:
I once; go to our branch office to-day, cor. H st_
! acd Ninth aye.; price Hits etc. th»re or at our .
' ntfice BALDWIN £ HOWELL.^
I ELEGANT c«w IH-«tor>- cottage or 7 ro»tr.s In I
E>cr»lsicr Hctr.est»ad. on Lisbon St.. rear
I Cfctr.a aye.: rart down, b&iar.ce monthly pay- j
: n.»-nts J=an:« as rent. Particulars BALDV\ IN j
i & HOWELL. j
' BALDWIN 4: HOWELL. i
:» MONTGOMERT STREET.
CASTRO VALLET INVESTMENT.
[ JlT.nOft—Ten flat, and cottages; laxffe let. 3 |
! .'ror.ta*r«»s; r-r.ts Jill; a. snap: will trade for va-
; cact property^
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
J45-To— Octavia St.. near Broadway; 2-* tory j
residence of 9 rtsoms a«d bath; lot ISxUT:*;
rents $«»¦ Se;%.-k.
BUanVESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
: SITES.
Estire block, bounded by Folsom St.- Treat
aye.. iSih and 14th ets.. being cfler&d in subdi-
vlsicns; call at office ax.d get diagrar*; Jl2OO
and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$4VV">_Third-Et. corner; 137:6x137:9; store and
fiats; good improvements: rents JISO.
Hi.OVi— Folsom-st. corr.er: manuracturlng dis-
trict; 3 Craotascs; rents f IT?: let l'»x<7:«.
AN OFFER WANTED. -
J32W— Pitch st.: 5 fiats; rents $42 »: lot 22xV).
Sfr»:»-Rents ££5; Natcrr.a st.. near tixth; coal i
yard and 4 Sets atv?ve; lot :3x75.
RESIDENCE FROPERTT.
J7>>J each— Facing Jefferson Square on I^guna :
et.: fp*n;ial offenr.g of several choice residences; j
get diagram and particulars at otnee.
J2CvO— Nic« suburban tone; 7-room cottage, i
bath, high baeemtnt; larse lot 1l>6:«)x17S; near j
Mission road: windmill; nsh pend; every feature j
on country home, while t>eing convenient to j
VACANT LOTS.
SSWXk— Van Ness aye.; corr.er; 22:€xlC9.
t2fso— Twentiv fourth «t., near Folsom; 27:« x
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRT.
JT^O— Mill Valley ccuajfe. 5 rooms and bath; |
r»rtly finished attic: larte let: wi'.l trade for ;
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
13 Montgomery st.
A. M. fPECK & CO. - •
Loan Money.
€47 Market st.. cptK>e!te K«**rnr-
»^O.^»-Market Ft.; 2 frontages; pays 4 per
cerjt net on oid improvement.
1200.000— Market St.; SO feet front; fays 4 per
cent n»t; a erand rurchase.
m C*Y>— Gracd -in-rejtment, few blocks from
Chrcaicle; rents %ZV>; 60 feet front; brick lm-
Drovetnents. - ¦ ' - ,
|v. e/<— ijrand corner: 75 feet front; half block
'm Market rt.. nit far from Sixth: rents t3M. \
«." MS— Rare Investment; vicinity Powell and j
O»sry «ts : 4-story brick building: store* and
lodging hcuf* above: 36 f»et front.
U~-.<*o—Cottit; rents 1400; modern improve-
n-.«>r.t«: lot K-xI3S feet.
ftn r^n— Must sell: near Kearny rt. : near
Chronicle: rents J3aiQ a year; S3 feet front.
•a.rtyt— Sixth n.; 7a feet front; rents J2400
yearly; gvifl tAillding; 4 Ftores.
Jl5.'W-Taylcr «t.. near EdJy. ;
KO.flCO— Eddy St.; large lot; rents JSO; all
rented.
A barrain-N. E. cor. CUy and Lyon sts.; 56x
ICo ffet; make offer. „ „
ts%o— Six »>cant new Hat?; lot 60x100 feet;
all rent? 4 for JM a month: grajid bargain.
rSiO— Six good Sats; rents $260 yearly; down-
tt«a; let £0 feet front.
$«E/rt—Thre« choice fiats; Hayes et ; mortgage .
U ¦• ¦; a e=ai>.
J-^Vi-Powell-st. fiat.*: all rented; tn. I
J^SO^-Four flats, within few blocks of Mnth
and Market sts.; rents J35.
JlTSf*— T»o nice fiats; rents JIS 50.
J750 — Six ro»ms and lot 45xT2 feet.
A. M. SPECK Sc CO., «7 Market st.
WANTED at once— Nice, clean, vacant flats
and houses for good tenants. Apply at once,
EPECK & CO.. 66' Market at. p
PAT 12 PER CENT.
UtSOi-Hanesome new Hats on Van Sees aye.:
oar.ta.:r. 7 rooms eacS; latest sanltarj- plumb-
Ing; marble steps, etc.; expensively finished; an
excellent investment In a swell district.
J£T*— Brand-new house; 775 Cole st.. b«t Wal-
ler and Frederick :. fine, new. sunny house, con-
taining t rooms bath etc.; wineroom and laun-
dry in basement; lot 23x100; street bituminlxed.
a '
J3lE&— A gem of a house, on Ninth aye., two
blocks south of the park; contains reception
haJl. Urge parlors, dining rocm and kitchen on
first fie*.-.-; 4 bedrooms and hath on second floor;
flee finish»d basement; latest sanitary plumb- t
!r^; 2 mantels; bay windows front and. rear, |
comrr.s.r.dir.g a superb view of park and bay; If
you are loclcing for a r.»w, up-to-date house in
a desirable location, don't fail to see this pne.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery it.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
IT..l r *~>— Pay* 7 per cent n»t; hsjidsonie 4-story
an.i Ivisement building; 1 block from Alhambra
»24-X»— J2SC each: pretty b«y-wlndcrw on Clement
St.. near Fifth ar».; contain* S rooms, bath,
etc. ,. oniy small amount cash required dawn;
the monthly payment will be moderate.
.LVON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st
USfr^MUST be soli; Cne 'residence of 9 rooms
on Clay st.. sear Scott, facing Alta Plaza; lot
r:»l ¦¦: cost owntr over J3OCO; make an offer.
JSSCO— Rf.t t-VT 50; fine new bay-window flat".-
containing 6 and 8 rcotrs. etc. ; latest plumb-
ing; -every modern convenience; 'lots of sup-
shine; large let, 25x110; Clayton St., near Page.
/
J77so— Fine, large corner; Baker et.. cor. of
Fulton: lot 30x$«:104; 2 good flats, 6 and 6 rooms
and bath each.
rrro— Rent JS3: all rented; splendid Invest-
ment in best residence section of Mission warm
belt; lot €sxlU; improvement in apple-pie order.
WTSTERS ADDITION' COTTAGE.
JX^A— Fulton Bt., bet. Broderick and i Baker;
gooi 5-rocm cottag*. with porcelain bath; high
basement: nice, sunny home; lot 25x100.
LTON Sc HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
IF you have lets In Richmond district, north of
the Park, that yoa wish to s^U'iijitfekly'then
call on W. t. CUNN. 130 California at.
. REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR S ALB.
A CHEAP LOT ON BRAN"NAN STREEtT
North side, between Fifth and Sixth.
75 feet frcr.t by 110 feet deep.
Only J6600.
THOMAS MAGES & SONS.
Real - Estate Arents.
i, Montgomery Street. ".
MODEL HOME.
8 large sunny rooms, bath, laundry, basement.
large attic, furnace, conservatory: lot 80x117
feet to alley; unobstructed view of city and
bay; beautiful flowers, lawns, . fruit trees,
ch'ckes-hcuse. etc.; $1500 cash, balance easy
payments. 15 Vlcksburtr St.; take Twenty-
tecQT.d-st. electric cars to I4th and Vlcksburg.
SACRIFICE— New 9-rcom. 3-story house; lot
"«:?xloo. with chicken-house, etc.; suitable
for fiats: must be sold; isake an offer; $*COO
or lesg. SHAPBURNE. 6I« Sacramento gt.
HAVE you real estate la the Mission or Hor-
cer's Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call en W. J. GUNN. ESO California st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address in the
United Ptat>«. postpaid, for $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE COC.MRY For Sale
FOR SALE. .: W.
One of the rerr finest pieces of paylns busi-
ness property in the city of San Jose. Cal..
for the purpose of closing estate of Francis
Stock, deceased; 7h\ feet front on First it..
between Santa Clara and El Dorado *ts., with
an "L" of !9 feet frontage on El Dorado St.:
all covered with business buildings paying 1430
per month vntal.
Apply to S. F. LEIB. attorney for executors.
San Jo#«\ Cal.
ALTA PUNT A Tract. San Pablo aye.. S miles
ncxh of Berkeley, near Santa Fe railroad;
valley land by the acre. Jl3O to KOO. Call for
maps. etc.. en G W. HAIGHT. 451 Cal. St.
J. W. HORN. $1! Main st.. Ffctaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list of Sonoma County bargains.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pares, sent to any address tn tha
United States or Canada one year for SU
pontage paid.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG.
BIRCH aye,. 615. bet. Lagur.a and Buchanan-
Two rooms and kitchen. 17; water Included.
BUSH. 616—1 saltes of rooms for housekeeping;
: slr.gle rooms; sunny stde; rent reasonable..
CALIFORNIA. ISlS— Sar.ny parlors <}r rooms for
light housekeeping; gas range; reasonable.
EDDT, Sl7— Very plsasaat and connecting house-
keeping rooms; solendid location; prlv. res.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— Three unfurnished
rtsoms. J10; also I unfurnished rooms, J7.
FOLSOM. 776H— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; rest reasonable.
FULTON. 21— i sunny furnished front rooms;
gas range: bath: modern; reasonable.
GEART. IS3— E'.egar.t housekeeping rooms; only
S18; sJeo slr.gle. 13 to SU.
GREEN. 417— Three sunny "connecting rocms;
neatly fumi?he<l: 6unny yard: qulat place; $10.
JESSIE, 3T3. near Fifth and Market— House-
keeplng rooms; $10.
MARKET. 13^2. ever Monarch Shoe Store— Fur.-
nished housekeeping rooms: also single rooms.
MISSION, 945— Ni*ely furnished tront room;
folding bed and kitchen: complete.
NINTH. JO. near Market— l sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms: stove; water; ga»; 111.
POLK. »23— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
also single rooms; rent cheap.
POST. &52— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; also other rooms.
SACRAMENTO. ISI4. near Larkln— Elegantly
furnished suite or single:»sunny; appreciated
if seen; light housekeeping If desired.
SECOND. 212— Furnished h<nisekeeplag rocms:
also single rooms; clean and respectable: rea-
sonable.
TURK. £45— Larpe furnished front room; al«o
2 furnished housekeeping rooms.
TWELFTH. 11. near Market— Bedroom and
kitchen suitable for housekeeping ; rent J*.
VALENCIA. SJ4H. near Twentieth— Front par-
lor and kitchen, furnished; gas stove; rent
112 £0.
VAN NEPS aye., IC2I— S or more rooms, en
suite: parlor Coor; gas range; complete for
hciUsekeej?ing.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received *t Call branch ofSce. 2200 F'.llraore.
A BRANCH ofßce for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 pm. „
A BRANCH efflce for Call advertisements mid
subscriptions has been established at 1034
Valencia *t.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnro. and I'nfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
26c to U per Bight; Jl 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night. v
AN elegantly furnished front alcove room,
bath adjoining; marine view; suitable for 1 or
2 gentlemen. 525 California et., nr. Powell.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
JoJnlng the Buss Hotel; H rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. 23S Pest St.. cor. Stockton— Sunny
corner suite and single rooms; hot and cold
water; elevator and all convenience*.
BURNETT. 1126 Market st. (old No. 1354)— Fu-
rnished nrs.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 706 (St. Peters House)— New
house, cewly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON, 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
ELEGANT furnished rooms, single and en
suite; dlnin? room connected. Audubon, Cal-
ifornia 'zn-i Hyde streets.
FOLSOM. 565. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rconn: suites or single; new mgmt.
FOURTH. 222 : -— Nicely furnished bay-window
and single rooms; reasonable: quiet.
FRANKLIN, 417— Large sunny partly furnished
ro..m in middle flat; light housekeeping if
desired; »»
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms ;suites cr single: travelers accom.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunr.y rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21 <The Wellington)— A family
rooming house; t>y day, week or month.
HANCOCK HOCSE, 7SI Mission st.— Select
famijy rooming house; $1 50 to $5 per week.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms from It weelc up to 15.
25c to Jl night: also housekeeping romos.
JONES. W> — Newly furnished rooms; single or
en euite; gas: bath: private.
LARKIN, S<H— Sunny front for 1 or 2 persons,
JS: large sunny back, furnished, housekeeping.
MINNA 667. corner Eißhth— New furnished bay
window room. Jl per week; transient.
MISSION. M7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
MISSION, 1101— $»; three unfurnished front
rooms; sunny.
MISSION. 1514, near Eleventh— Sunny single
front room; private family; Jl 25 a week.
LEAVENWORTH. 1521— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let.
NINTH. 160— Sunny furnished rooms to let;
with or without board,
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
cf fleet; elevator; electric lights; day, wt, mo.
ORLANDO House. SW Howard, cor. Sixth—
Funny rooms; prices to suit; open night.
O'FARRELL. 64*— I sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping.
POST. 235. corner Stocktoi» — The finest furnished
transient rooms for tourists In the city; first
floor; hot and cold water; elevator.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House, Sl9 4 311 Ellis st— Rocms,
night. 25c to Jl; week. Jl 25 to J4; open night.
ROTAL HOUSE. 12« Ellis st— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking rocm and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to Jl 60: week, J2
to JS: month. JS to J2O; elevater on of fie* floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths. -.- t
BA>" ANTONIO. 21 Taylor ct., near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold 'water; radiators; salt
tea baths; suites and single rooms.
6HERMAN Apartment House. 23 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
ST. MART'S. 7— Three nice, sunny rooms; fur-
nished or unfurnifhed.
ST MART'S. 7, off Pine, near Kearny— Fur-
nished rooms; sunny; J2 per month.
STOCKTON. II (over Pup Rotlsserie)— Nicely
furnished rooms from 112 to J3O.
TENTH,' 15J— Unfurnished sunny rooms and
bath; In good condition; 'reasonable rent.
THE OAKS, 113 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. S9— Elegant rooms, en suite or single;
transient, central and reasonable.
TURK. 12fi — Furnished room suitable for a gen-
tleman: J5 per month. . -
TAN NESS, 101 — Corner runny front suite;
bath. gas. phone: everything new; rent ceas.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adre»-
tlsements and subscriptions has been opened
at '1223 Polk st.; open .until 9 p. m.\; r ¦
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$4MO— ELEGANT home of 9 room* na Grand St.;
in a park-'.lke neighborhood; all modern im-
provements: near station and school; this Is a
preat opportunity, as owner is going to Eu-
rope. Call cr ad3re«s H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1J32 Park «.. Alarnecia.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO LEASE.
TO Lease — All er part cf vacant property; 95x
150: on Mission st., near Fifteenth: will build
lleht Ktrueture. Orvr.er. bo* 3100. Call.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
tftirlns at lowest rates. 2C5 Fourth st.
ROOMS papered from $3:' whitened, tl up
painting <Jotj». Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third
NICELY furnUhed sunny rooms, with or with-
out board; J2O up. 742 O'Farrell st. ¦
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyd» and Eddy: changed
bands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
FP.ANKLIN, 6C3— Sunny front room; closet,
bath and gras; breakfast and dinner; JIS a
month; private family.
ELEGANT slilte of rooms, bath; gentleman
preferred; board If desired. 973 Geary st.
PERSONAL MENTION.
"W. W. Imrie, a capitalist of Napa. Is
at the Palace.
D. H. McEwen, a contractor at Pomona.
Is at the Grand.
William S. Porter, aa attorney of Haa
ford. Is at the Lick.
R. H. Fredricks. a mining man c£ Pres
cott. Is at the Palace.
George Herget, a merchant of Peking.
Ills., is at the Palace.
L. Hoge and wife of Wheeling, W. Va.,
are at the Occidental.
Dr. and Mrs. William Slmpoon of Saa
Jose are at the Palace.
A. Weilhelmer. a wealthy merchant of
Fresno, Is at the Grand.
L Horton, an extensive rancher of Ltv
ermore, 13 at the Grand.
F. W. Fair and W. L. Dana, m-rchanta
of Boston, are at the Palace.
•J. E. Miley, an extensive fruit grower of
"Winters, is at the California.
W. H. Mead, a railroad man of Port
land, Or., is at the Occidental.
W. H. Clay, a mining man of Stockton,
and his wife, are at the LJck.
W. H. McKenzie, a banker and ell wen
owner of Fresno. Is at the Lick.
A. C. Luck, manager of the Stoke« es
tate in Nevada, is at the Palace.
William G. Irwin and wife of Honolulu
left for Paris yesterday morning.
David B. Bennett. a prominent merchant
of Yokohama, is at the California.
E. P. Stacey, a prominent frnlt grower
of Minneapolis, and his wife, are at the
Grand.
H. M. Graham, who Is Interested tn
some big oil wells at Fresno, Is at the
Palace.
William A. Hall and George B. Berck
man, merchant* of New York, are at the
Palace. J ",V '.V.
C. Raoul-Duval and hta brlfie came up
from San Mateo yesterday and axe at the
Palace.
O. Toland of Ventnra, member
of the State Board ot Equalization. Is at
the Lick.
J. E. Manlove, owner of extensive ranch
lands In the vicinity of Sacramento, is at
the Grand.
A. R. Urion, manager of a larye fruit
transportation company at Chlcagu, Is at
the Palace.
E. Buckingham, a prominent business
man of Chicago, and his family are at
the Palace.
J. B. Takebe. a wholesale merchant of
note at Kobe, is at the California, on his
way to Europe.
W. W. Cotton, penerai attorney for the
O. R. and 2». Railroad at Portland, Or., la
at the Occidental.
Governor T. T. Geer of Oregtm Is *t the
Occidental. He is down on a trip for
recreation and health.
H. A. Preston and Henry Burns, min
ing men of Jamestown and San Antonio
respectively, are at the Lick.
VT. H. Aldridge, who owns extensive
mining interests in British Columbia, aad
his wife, are at the California.
Rev. "W. F. Walker and family of Pe
king. China, are at the Occidental, await
ing the next steamer to take them home.
The President has* promoted Lieutenant
A. F. Fechteler. U. S. N.. to th* rank of
lieutenant commander. Lieutenant Com
mander Fechteler 13 at present acting as
aid to the admiral at Mare Island.
Clifford J. Graham of Nevada City, who
has been appointed superintendent of the
Latuya Bay placer mines, left on Monday
nlght for Seattle, where be will take a
steamer for Alaska. He will secure a
force of men at Seattle,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
THE SAX FRAXCISCO. CALL, WEDNESDAY, APEIL 4, 1900.
SEW family hotej; first class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special inducements to
select people. SOT California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church. - *¦
LAS r ALMAS. IS2O Market st.— Suit* of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath: sin. nns.: board optional.
J LARGE runny front rooms, with or without
board; home comforts. 414 Buchanan st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The W«eklj
Call ;8 papes. sent to any address In the
United States cr Carada one year for Jl.
prstace raid,
¦PECIAIi NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for H: collections made:
city or counvy. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
KAIXBOAP TBAVIL.
mmvtuu ¦.« fa civic costrAjnr. .
fV^ifrMiio iisnx.)
TrmtwM le*»»e> »o«i are dae ¦• »rrl»» »l
/¦AX FBA2VC3MCO.
fif.fr> jir*. Foe: of Market Street)
UATS — rxOV FXSXUAST 23. \XO. — AXMTTB
•7t—L BenJda. Solsos, Csurs. V*os.rC3ew
Rax*ey »aJ 2 xenciesio •7»43»
•7r»oiL Sin*-* Eiprws-D-iT'j. VTi2T*\
Bed Blui PortJacd "7j43»
•7«30* If artisez. S*ar.araca.Vsile]o. Nsps,
Calistoga an J Santa Hosa ••»13r
•SiSOa Tie- Orerland LiTlte4— Of in. Daa-
ter. Oaiba. Chicar>—- •3i13»
•li3oa Ssii Jose. LiTermcre, Stockton.
lone. Bseramea!o. TTaeczrtla,
JUtysrCK C'hico. lltdUaS Mil3p
•9j3«* •Milton. Osid»le.S>«!ors» Carters... M«15»
•»:•»« Hij-mr'j, Nilesasd Way SUticns. *t li4^a
*«:OOa DarU. WoodZacd. Kz :^fsl.*z&z.l.
>!aryiTi!lev tnrcTi.l? •7t*Sr
•*i««4 Atlantis V. z press— Ogden and East •»:¦«*
•Siwoi M»rti".*T, Tracy. I »": r:?. btockton.
Mfrced and Fresno. M»il3f
•Oioo » Pert Costa. Fresno, M ;*t* au<l I^s
An«elea •9t4.tr
, •!•:•«« Vall-Jo. llarifc^s and W»yBt»tkJna ••HUJr
•H:OOi Nii-s. LlTermore. .Stockton. S«cr»-
Ei-r.to. MeoUota, Dsaford. Visalia,
rcrterriUo ." *iil3»»
•1 «!»<»m Haymxds. Xilrs i:-l Way Stations. *2>»"1 r
tl:AOr S«cnun<*ato KiTer »te<mer». ........ * + -.n<tr
•3:OOp ll*jv»»ra<. Nil.ai-.-l V."ij S'-»tio=s. *3:43r
•4:Oor M&Riu«z, han Ramon. V&liejo.
N*ap». CaiNtoga, KwuHou •Oil**
•«io»r 8 .-E'.ci*. TMSiii>. haenmeoto.
WcKxliand, KuifhU I anOiss.
M»ryiiTUl-. Oro»il!9 •••:«4
•*i*»rJ;U«s. San Jowand Stockton "7«13r
•3«»OpTh9 Owl Limited— Tracy. Fressa
Eikrr«ii..-M. Saij-is for hanta Cap- •
barm. Los Auxtl^t »1«»4»A
o3:OOp Snrset Ll3ited-£1 Pssa. Sew Ox-
lncsasd E«-t clO?C3a
•3:30r Stockton. Merct.L Fresco «12:1 3r
•1:3 a» rresuo, lukemi^'.l, Ps.nut R ir 1 - »rs.
Los AD(*les. I>— .:•:.;». 11 Puo.
New Orleans sad Kast *S>43A
•siS«r BsuU I'm K.-u -—A •*?-.!j Eipress
forMoJ»»»m-l Kvn *«»43»
*t>»«r HsTwsxtla, NUessndSan Joaa "SMfcka
I«:3up Vaileio •iail.l»
•«tB«r Oriental Mill— OgUen, Cbayenaa^
Omaha, Chicsjo «»»43a
•SiS*T Oner, tal s!ai;— Ogdea, DenTer.
Omaaa, Chiamso. «4i33y
JTrOOp TsUe)o. Pert C'osU and Way RU-
Kons. J»*33»
•9iO3r Oregon and l'».:!-ri:» KiprMi.H»c
muentn. M»rrs... -. l'«-". "¦¦¦*.
Fn,tl»-I. Taget K.,i,i,,T ¦?„! Kaj»» *^«iaA
COAnT DIVISION (Vtrroir t«u?e).
(Fofctct isVrke; Street. »
•$il3Al»ewsrt.CVnt«T»i.U'.N*n.Jcse, Ffltcn,
to':'<!tr(>«.i.-i..-»f:-ija<lV.'ay
etkti-iti* •3&9f
f%tl3r Newsrk. C«nterrs!le>, Ss.n J. *». Sew
Aimaden. Felton. 1; U.!-r Creek.
tsata, Cnu and It: --!pal Wsy
Stations t»*^>«*
MilJfKenrk. -n .!•<•. LcsGstns. **t2«A
Ml: 13? H ¦¦¦mi rxcunicn, San Jos« s>cd
Wsyhtaqins fT«<T
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. w
frtaSU fM".Z'.Z r .! — .* :i sf Mirkit Stntt (Slis t> —
•7:15 »:00 11:00*. M. tl-iZ *2.<3 JJ;B9
•4:C3 t!:C3 'Z.:ir.».
fr,oO»lU"lJ— Tuftirtiiwj — -6:CO 8.00 ir.Odh.it.
tIZZZ *I:C3 t:^3 '2.:: HZ3 '»£Zr.*.
COAST HIVInIon ( Rroai] fiaage).
(Thtrda:dTowDBei.i»St^)
t4slOAOe«an View. Soa'.a Han Frsadaco.. t«:a«r
*7:OO« Ben .1 > ¦ » ¦•( Way btatiuus (^ie*
Al.i.i !--:i K',.!;,-,!ijin;:j) •!:!•»
•»>«O«ifc»ii J.»». Ties n.. o». HanU CrtS.
PafflSe «rot». F*3O Hobles, 6sa
!.;::» < ''¦i'.«t->. Rurf. 1., l.^c aad
Principal Way .SiAtions *l:l«r
•10:404 P»».I <->n.i 1 Wty Suilnua ••iB9a
•lIiSOa Ban J<>s« ami Way Hcatlons. *3<3O*
Vf.iXr b» i JIj!".!. XU.lwoo.l. Meolo Puk.
Palo Alto. Hants Clara. Han Jose.
Tres Piaos. S^nta <nir. Saassa,
>1.-ti-»r-y » .•• Pacific ClroTs flOiSa*
f»:X*rSaaJoaaau'i \T*f Stations *7:3<>f
H!l3peM.;»««i ..! Tn: -irii Way ! Ht»tlons *9:I3«.
I ('s:tiOrß*nJoi«»a.i Principal Waj Stations t»:«K»A
i *3:3»r SiaJow an I Principal Waj »t»tlons **:33a>
•«::iO»Sn.Ic!M-'lff.jS-4-.:-i:t ?•»:©«»,
Hl:4sr San Jcs»aml"Way Sta;ion» *7;:iOy
A for Moruinc P for Afternoon.
• I>»:iy. t iui.Ut f! -•-•?¦* X Jsuadaj only.
6 > i:\ncjij ti j
_m Tveadays and rridsjs ¦ Thissdajs ai>d Sitndaya>
RfILIFORNIA | IMITED
Santa Fe Route
To CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
I CoifXXCTWG TXAIX LEAVE 3 Sa^ FraSCISCOJ
5 P..T. .Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving la Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains lor New York.
' OVERLAND Leases San Francisce at 5:33
' FVDDF^^ p. in. with Palace and Tourist
!Cna ii v «*" for Kaniaa Oty, St. Loaia,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalla, Talare nc\ a n
and Baker&neld- KUAU
! SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 629
'FDI^rO Market Street, Phone Mai o
; r*l3l.U SUU^ L 531: Oakland, 1113 Bread-
; way; Sacramento. 2CI J Street; San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
CALLF OBSU HORIWESTEIS SI. CO.
US FBAHCISCO AND NORTH Pttffß
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlkuron F«rry. foot of Mcrlcrk SK.
SAJf yRAXCISC© TO BAX P_ATAJ3* a
WTCSX DATS— T». *M. U:0O a. m.: &SM.
fJO 5:19. •:£> p. m. Thursdays— Eitr» trt»
ax 11:20 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:44
a.-.d 11 :» v. m.
eUXD AX 3-9:10. f-.», 11:00 a. EX.; I.ZX tM,
»:». •:» p. a.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAX TOAXCI3CO.
VTECK DAT3-4:ia. 7:io. >3, U:10 a. ra.; 13:«,
1:40. S: 13 p. m. Saturdays— Cxtra trisa at
1:55 and <:» p. m.
' BUN DATS— i.li. »:*X U-J9 a. ta. : 1:19. J:W. S:t%
i I:S ». m
Between Ban Francisco aad Schsstzva Pm*X
! aajne scbedol* aa above.
Lear* "~ 1 Arrrr*
', Pan Francisco. la EfTect Ban Frar^iscix
| . 1 ¦ October 15. 1 ¦
' Week Bun- 1539. Bun- j Week
| tX-ys. days. I>estlnaUon. days. | Days.
1 T:W aai S:0O am Novato. |1>:« am! J:M aa
i 1:30 pm IJStS) Petalama. I (:05 pm 13:23 aa
>:!» pm t:00 pm Santa Roa*. | 7:35 pm| *:S> pq
Faltcn.
TJB am Windsor. 15-.J5 as
Healdsbair.
Lytton.
. Ceyserrllle.
t:3O pm 1:00 am CXoTerdale. T:SS pm 1:13 pea
IJO ami IHopland and! j~~
1 «:W am| Uklaa. | T^a pmj 9:T3 ira
T Jt» am 19:3 as»
IMtn OuamerUls. TJS pm
I: SO om . - I ' I t:23 pa
7:23 aa 1:00 ami Scnonra •:1I am! S:4O ass
' *nd I
i 1:19 pm 8.-OOpra! Glen Ellen. 1:05 pa' <:23 pa
I "f:Mam! J:SO am) E«bsjtopoL 115:40 am W:JS aa
' I: JO pm! 5:09 pm| | 7:15 pm; '. ~ prr»
\ Stages connect at Eanta R.^"a fr»r Mark West
! Bprisra and White Sulphur Sprlm?'"- at Lytton
i for Lytton Scrir.gs: at Geyserville for Pii<;i
Sprinffs: at Cloverdale fcr the Geysers; at Hop-
lasd for Duac»n Springs, I^chland Springs.
| Kelseyvllle. Carlsbail Sprtnjs, 9t0.il Bar. Iv*k»-
; port and Bartlett Sprtr.ys; at L'iuh for Vichy
' fc'prt-JT". Saratoga Spring*. Bio** Lakes. Laurst
*Detl Lake. Witter .Tfrr.ji. Upper LaJce. Pornov
; hotter Valley. John Day's Riverside. lierley"s.
' Backnell's. Sannedrin Heights. HullvUle. Orr'a
i Hot Springs. Mendscino C.ty. Fort Bnurz.
i Westport. Usal. Wllllttsv, Laytonvllle, Curn-
i Ring's. Bell's Springs. ITaxrij, Olsea's. Dyer.
! Scotia n.n-4 Eur«ka.
> Baturday to Monday roand-trl? tickets at r«> ,
: 4t:ced rates.
! On Sunday - ronnd-trlo tickets to sJ! points
> beyond San Rafael at half rates.
! Ticket OJSces O4 lTi.-k.et St.. Chroalel* bid*.
• H. C: WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
Ckneral Manacer. Gen. Pass. Aztat.
j MOUNT TAMALPriIS SCENIC RAILWAY
j Leave San ir'Tanciscu via aatidallto Ferry.
j Week Days 9:30 a. m. and 1:46 p. m.
' Sundays S:0O. 10:00 a. m. and I:4S p. a.
Steam-heated, closed car oa all trains.
, Fare — San Francisco to Summit and Return.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C»2oKEAlt:rr*l\ Established
In 1 %»-» for the treatment o* Privat*
Diseases. Lnst Man a. »xL IVbiliiy or
4fcw«s* Tearing on bodyaadmindand
Slcin Dtseasr*. Tb» doctor cores when
otbenfmlL Try hire. Charge* low
(arf*:uaranlfrd. Callorwrlta
Or. J. t'.ulllKii.N. Box l937.Saa Frasciaca
WeeHy Gall 81.00 DerYesp
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VD HEAL ESTATE.
WELL-BUILT, attractive house: choice neigh-
borhood; central Oakland; 11 ro^rns; sunny
corr.er: lot 4r4 r - by 125 feet: near st.Ttlon; W3<»;
part cash. Owner, box 2742. Call office.
OAKLAND FfKMTURE FOR SALci.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaj. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Fi*anklln. Oakland.
ASSESSMENT .NOTfICES.
ASSESSMENT notice — Wlttram Propeller Com-
pany-, office and principal place of business,
2I« Market St.. San Francisco.
Notice is hereby (riven that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 9th day of
March. 1900. an assessment CNo. S) of three
<3) cents per was levied upon the capi-
tal stock of nic corporation, payable Imme-
diately in United States trold coin to the sec-
retary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 11th day of April, 1900.
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment Is mads
before, will be sold on the 28th day of April,
ISOO. to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
cf sale. By order of the Board of Directors.
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secretary.
!2fi Market st. ;
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany Con.— A divided (No. I*s) of seventy-
five (75c) cents per share en the Issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the efflce of the company, 430 Cal-
ifornia st., San Francisco, on April 10, 1900.
Transfer bocks close April 3. ISCO. at noon.
A. A PP.VRKS Secretary.
LEGAL AOVERTISEMEXTS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of THOMAS M.
CLUFF, deceased. Notice is hereby (riven by
the underpinned executors of the last will
and tt-stamerU of THOMAS M. CLUFF, de-
ceased, to th» cr«?ditors of and all p«p«oti3
having claims axaini>t the saJd deceased. t»
exhibit them w<th the CK-essarj' vouchers.
*Ulthin ten months after the first publication
of this notice to tha said executors at the
office of John H. Dickinson, room 25. third
floor. Mills building, San Francisco, the same
beins: their place for the transaction of th»
business of the said estate in the city and
county of San Franci«co, State of California.
WILLIAM CLfFF.
w. a: halstead,
A. E. CHENET,
Executors of the Estate of THOMAS M.
CLUFF. Deceased.
Dated at San Francisoo, March 20. 1900.
JOHN H- DICKINSON, attorney for estate.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
- lEncceesors to Flar.r.agaa St Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB3.
30 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
11Unknown Man Drowned.
I The body of an unknown man was found
floating in the surf, near Fort Scott yes
terday morning and taken to the Morgue.
It. was, very much 'decomposed and the
face was disfigured by the fishes. The
clothing was a blue sack coat, brown
pants, brown laced shoes and a whlto
sweater. The body will be held at thb
Morgue for Identification. ' "
Stole a Shank of Beef.
John Burns, a ranchhand from Sacra
mento, stole a shank of beef from the
butcher shop of Lee Sun, 10>£ Washington
alley, Monday afternoon and was arrestuct
for petty larceny. He told Judge Mogan
yesterday that he had no money and
wanted to get back to Sacramento, where
he had friends. He did not know why he
stole the shank of beef, only he felt des
perate. As he was a respectable-look
ing young fellow the Judge dismissed th*
case and gave him $1 50 to help him back
home.- ;/¦„>-,..,-..•
Special Corset Sale.
A. lot of odd corsets— broken lines— in-
cludes blacks, drabs and white, all sizes,
ranging from 75 cents, to J4 50 in value,
will be sold from 25 cents to $1 50. Chester
F. Wright, 10 Geary st., corner Kearny •
payment of rent, and that is the case now.
The office furniture is in a lumber room,
where it has been many months.
A long dispatch was received from The
Call correspondent in New York last
night. He tells of a visit to Skancke's
headquarters at 96 Fifth avenue, that city,
as follows:
A bright-looking typewriter girl, with
an Irish cast of countenance, seemed to
be "on to her job" and gave evasive an
swers to most questions. She said Platt
could not be seen, as he was out of the
city. It is probable she spoke the truth.
L. G. Skancke seems to be running the
lottery concern in Platt's name. The
office door has one sign reading, "D. F.
Platt" and another VSan Benlto Mining
Company."
Not having elicited much information
by personal application, letters were ad
dressed to "D. F. Platt," making inquiries
about his loan and investment company,.
The following reply was received: .
C. C. Carlton. care I. B. Gateo. 158 West
Twenty-first street. New York— Dear Sir: -In
reply to yours. 26th inst. . tvlll say you must be
somewhat contused \ in regard to certificate of
application and "next drawing," etc., as I do
not know anything about a next drawing. Per
haps our tenderloin district has been too much
for you since you arrived In the city, which
may account for this confused state of mind
you are now in. I will suggest you brine the
certificate you mention to mv office. Yours
very truly, D. F. PLATT.
This letter was typewritten on a plain
sheet of paper, the signature being also
typewritten. The envelope was plain also
and the letter was registered by the foxy
agent, who hoped thus. to locate sleuths,
whom he doubtless Imagined to be on his
trail. A visit was then made to the office
of the Realty Loan and Investment Com
pany, owners of the building in which the
lottery office is located. The agent said
he had never seen Mr, Platt, but the office
had -been rented by Mr. Jones of Chicago,
who, he added, was a good tenant and
always paid his rent promptly. He said
Jones' agent, "Mr. Platt." had occupied
an office in the building for at least three
years.
The colored janltress at 56 Fifth avenue
declared she was "rather skittish about
answering questions." When asked If Mr.
Platt was absent from the city, she re
plied: "He must have gone to-day.
Leastways he was ' here yesterday. I
don't know whether his name is Platt
or Skancke."
"What did he say his name was?"
"Oh. honey. I know my business," said
she, chuckling over her own shrewdness.
Next door neighbors admitted they did
not know much about Mr. Platt, but said
the business seemed to be conducted by
only one individual, whose name was
Skancke, though he received mail and did
business in Platt's name. The lottery
lions were then literally bearded In their
own den. The outer office of the two oc
cupied by the concern contains two tables
for folding circulars and four desks. • A
brass chain extending from a desk to a
glass partition bars the entrance to the
interior of the room. The inner office has
a heavy curtain over the glass door that
leads to it from the hall, which is kept
locked. The entrance is by way of a door
opening into the outer office. The build
ing has an entrance on Fifth avenue and
another on West Fifteenth street.
The typewriter girl rattled a piece of
paper to attract the attention of the man
in the room. She pointed out the Call-
Herald representative and declared:
"There is the man I warned you against.
He was here the other day."
Upon inquiry for Mr. Platt, both were
silent. The fine-looking man, of rather
imposing proportions, his hair slightly
tinged with gray, gray oyes and mus
tache and wearing a gray tweed suit, was
pacing the floor nervously, making a pre
tense of reading a newspaper. He was
finally compelled to admit that his name
was Skancke. but with some show of
indignation, denied that he was L. G.
Skancke of San Francisco who left there
after the lottery was raided and who was
afterward arrested in Boston. There is
no doubt, however, that he Is the same
man.
D. F. Platt, who may be deo3. Is, the
mythical "Pecky Harris" of this lottery
enterprise. Letters and express packaees
are addressed to "D. F. Platt." The
mythical "Platt" pays the rent and con
ducts all business, but In reality the fine
looking Skancke is the real culprit. It
does not appear that 'much lottery busi
ness is transacted by mail, for the postal
carrier who delivers mall to that building
fays few letters are received by Mr. Platt
It appears, however, that a considerable
number of express packages are received.
This is probably done to evade section 331
of the postal laws and regulations. ,
Fifteen minutes after the interview
with Skancke that enterprising Individual
came down Fourteenth street with two
bundles of pafiers under his arms and de
posited then in the United States Express
office near Fifth avenue. They sepmed to
be -circulars. Skancke. while willing to
invite others to take a chance, was not
willing to take any himself, and was
doubtless getting rid of evidences of guilt.
The name of Dedrick Platt. broker. S6
Fifth avenue. aDpears.in the Directory,
but there is no Skancke. This individual
has deemed it best to conceal his identity,
hs far as possible since his: conviction in
Boston.
The Herald on August 26, 1891, devoted
GAVE HER LIFE
TO SAVE THAT
OF HUSBAND
Heroic Action of the Wife
of a Saloon-Keeper
in Butte.
BUTTE. Mont., April 3.— Mrs. Fay
Creech, a native of Frankfort, Ky., and
wife of Joseph Creech, saloon-keeper on
South Main street, lost her life this morn-
Ing while trying to protect her husband
from the bullet of a would-be assassin.
The murderer, who is unknown, had en
gaged In a trifling quarrel with Creech in
the latter's saloon about 5:30 o'clock this
morning. The stranger drew a gun and
snapped it at Creech, but it failed to go
off. Mrs. Creech jumped between them
just as the stranger aimed another shot
at him. This time the gun went off and
the bullet struck the woman in the breast.
She died In a' few minutes.
Creech started after the man. but was
unable to catch up with him. Ed Allison
was arrested for the murder and taken
to the City Jail, but afterward escaped.
No More Dread of
the Dental Chair.
These are the only dental parlors In
San Francisco that have the patent ap-
pliance and Ingredients to extract, fill and
apply gold and porcelain crowns, unde-
tectable from natural teeth, and war-
ranted for 10 years, without the least par-
ticle of pain. Gold crowns and teeth with-
out plates, gold fillings and all other den-
tal work done painlessly and by special-
ists.
TEETH EXTRACTED and filled abso-
lutely without pain by our late scientific
method. No sleep-producing agents or co-
caine.
In our GOLD CROWNS and BRIDGE
WORK, of which we are making a SPE-
CIALTY, the most BEAUTIFUL. PAIN-
LESS and DURABLE of all dental work
known to the profession, you will find an,
example of the HIGHEST ARTISTIC AT-
TAINMENT, the adaptability of -which to
the HYGIENIC conditions of the mouth
Is unquestioned.
Any work that should not prove satis-
factory will be attended to without
charge at our nearest office.
Geld Crowns, $5; Full Set Teeth,
85; Bridgcwork. 85; Gold Fill-
ings, 81 up; Silver Fillings, soc.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
Call that Eastern people were writing zo
San Francisco to hnd out about Lathrop
& Co. One letter came from George E.
Heatherby. cashier of the First National
Bank of Shullsberg, Wis.. who sent on a
ticket, otherwise "certificate," stating
that he did this in behalf of a friend who
said that it was worth $10. With it was
a lottery sheet, that could not well be
disguised, issued by the Guaranty Loan
and Trust Company, which showed that
there were 100,000 tickets allowed for.
Another letter came from S. H. Legg,
of the Standard Oil Company's office at
Bloomlngton. 111., in which information
was asked concerning the "fairness" of
Lathrop & Co. The attention of the
Bank Commissioners was called to the
facts and they addressed a letter to the
Guaranty Loan and Trust Company at
1236 Market street, calling attention to the
act in the Civil Code authorizing certain
corporations to act as executor and in
other capacities and to provide for and
regulate the administration of trusts by
corporations"; also asking whether the
company came under the provisions of the
act. This letter went unanswered for
many days. When response was finally
made it came from D. H. Jones at Chi
cago, in which he assumed to be the
company. It was signed, in typewritten
lotters. "D. H. Jones. Guaranty Loan and
Trust Company. 1615 Masonic Temple."
A part of this letter follows:
"I do not know whether the company
complies strictly with the statute to
which you refer or not. but I do know
that it complies with the laws of the
States of Illinois and New York, as well
as with the laws of the United States. I
cxnect to be in San Francisco soon and
will be pleased to call upon you. when
there, and go into details, whereby we
may know if we are conflicting- with the
statute or not. In the meantime I will
be glad if you will furnish me with a
copy of th*» section of the statute to which
you refer."
Considering that the company has no
office in San Francisco and that the pre
tense of an office was maintained evi
dently for the furtherance of a. swindle,
this letter may be put safely in the class
of the unique.
The Guaranty I/oan and Trust Company
was Incorporated in this city just as the
advertisement sent out by Jones sets
forth. The incorporators wore D. H
Jones. Virginia City; E. W. Wheeler
Oakland; C. R. Slawson and S. P. Platt'
San Francisco, and J. C. Pinto. Havana!
Cuba. The concern entered into business
in the Murphy building and the police
found out that it was a lottery concern
and raided the offices. There was a cer
tain bright girl who was employed by
Jones. Norah Walker by name, who was
in when the police came. No lottery tick
ets were found in the offices, but a lot was
discovered in the coal bunkers in the hall
way, and the police always credited Xorah
with speedy work to protect the lottery
people. Not long after this Jones went
away to Chicago and the scheme that has
ripened was developed. He and Skancke
were reached by the law. but they have
continued in the same line since. Their
advertisement and the lottery sheel called
by them "prospectus," shows, when they
are put together, that the scheme con
templated a commission, to them of $40
noo out of every $100 ,000 taken in at least
Twice or three times the office in the Mur
phy building has been closed up for non-
STATE PRISON
DIRECTOR MAY
SOON BE NAMED
Governor Gage Has Heard o?
the Cordage Bill Scan
dal of 1895.
Letter Written fey Charles Sonntag
to President Tubbs — An Inci-
Sent of Bud'd's* Adminis
tration.
Topics connected wi^h State Prison man
agement are now engaging the- attention
of politicians. Democrats as well as Re
publicans are surprised over certain
events. Even two Prison Directors were
surprised when "Mr. Wilkinson was re
moved from the office of Commissary at
San Quentin to make room for Francis
Foley. It is said that Governor Gage de
manded this change. Mr. Wilkinson,
however, found a better berth than that
of Commissary through the assistance of
his stanch supporters on the Prison Direc
tory. He was appointed Warden at Fol
som while two of the Directors were
tardily engaged in the work- of program
ming the board In the interest of a candi
date in San Francisco.
Word comes from the north that the
politicians of Sacramento are greatly dis
turbed over the annointment of E. L.
Fitzgerald to the position of Commissari
at FoiSom. Ernest Dettleback was dis
placed to make the opening for the ex-
Labor Commissioner.
George E. Lamphrey, lieutenant of the
guard at Folsom, received his walking
papers recently. He was succeeded by
George J. Haggerty, turnkey at the prison.
The rate of Lamphrey causes deep dis
tress in certain circles of Sacramento.
Daniel E. Hayes' term of office as Prison
Director expired last January. Directors
Devlin, Fitzgerald, Wilkins and Ray are
wondering whether the Governor will re
appoint Mr. Hayes, or take up a new man
for the place. Charles Sonntag, who
served on the board during the admin
istration of Governor Waterman, Is work
ing actively to secure appointment as Mr.
Hayes' successor. The story goes that
Sonntag heard from the inside that Gov
ernor Gage entertained special admira
tion for General Alger and also had pro
found respect for public sentiment in
Michigan. Accordingly Sonntag laid the
wires to connect with the friendly cur
rent In Michigan and succeeded in getting
Alger's indorsement for the coveted place.
When Henry P. Sonntag of the North
End Improvement Club presented peti
tions for an extra session of the Legisla
ture it was surmised In certain quarters
that an implied agreement had been made
whereby Sonntag's brother Charles should
be Prison Director. The closest friends of
the administration— the holders of office
and others who expect to enjoy the favor
of the office-holding— assert positively
that Gage was never off his guard an in
stant in the Sonntag presence. It is as
serted, moreover, that Gage is familiar
with the cordage bill scandal in the Leg
islature of 1895. having heard the particu
lars of a letter written by Charles Sonn
tag to President Tubbs. wherein it was
suggested that the Cordage Company
should pay $2500 for services rendered at
Sacramento in securing the defeat or
withdrawal of the bill providing for the
manufacture of cordage at San Quentin
Prison.
Whether Governor Gage is or is not fami
liar with the incidents of this scandal the
truth can be brought out by investigation.
This much is at present known. 'Governor
Budd had nearly made up his mind to ap
point Charles Sonntag, a Republican,
Prison Director, when he was informed
that Judge Henshaw, son-in-law of Mr.
Tubbs. had in his possession a letter writ
ten by Sonntag to Tubbs, which contained
a request for the payment of $2500 on ac
count of service rendered in defeating the
cordage bill. Governor Budd does not rec
ollect that he saw the letter, but he was
so deeply impressed with the statement
that such a letter existed andcould be pro
duced, if desired, by Judge Henshaw, that
he dismissed the thought of signing Sonn
tag's commission.
When the bill was pending in the Legis
lature the leading stockholders of the
Cordage Company were very bitter
against Senator Seymour for advocating a
measure to break down their new indus
try by the establishment of a cordage
plant at-San Quentin. The Senator, hear
ing of the indignation, squared himself
by asserting that he introduced the meas
ure at Sonntag's request. When the sub
ject reached the executive office. Gov
ernor Budd advised the people who were
protesting against the bill not to pay a
dollar to defeat the legislation.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc, cored by
ESPIC'S GIGARETJES, or POWDER
Pirn. i. EEPiC ; Ktw York. E. 70C6E&A ACO
fcOLD BY ALX. DHUUOIST3.
i/U. T. HESS,
KOTAB* iojU:j 4,b ATf v&S^r.XV-Zk^r.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claus Spreckela Bid*
Telephone Brown 93L
Residence, $21 California at., below PowtlL
San Francisco.
A TREATMENT THAT .
Cures Catarrh, Deafness,
1^ .Noises in Ears, Throat and Lung Diseases.
§£ v, ,^l hi 1 S llk e my.new ANTISEPTIC TREATMENT. It cures In
- -l>r^ St- £ a . 1£ tbe V m tvSf other ra<lthodB - Easy to use and with no pain or
—^IVM! £2 injury. In 3000 teat cases over»!>s per cent cured
r55r 55 ; *REE trial of one week given to show the superior merit of
;*3 >^» C_> my new treatment. Call at once or write ¦
S ; .|M ¦ J>R. COTTINGH AM,
i W^2JL ' E - X ?. ERT <> N FAR » NOSE - THROAT AND LUNG DISEASES,
i<S^~7 / yi "¦' 2C4 SUTTER ST.. M 7. eotajr Ejirai.
%TT/^ .- Hours: otol2 a. m., Ito 3 and 7toB p. m *>:
W^ ¦¦fiPaU" • ISA T A £ H - SEVERANCE OF WILLOWS, CAL,. SAYS:
IT !$Mm- IV- J have treated now about one month with Dr. CottlnßhaTn's
'IV i^%' Is ew_ Antiseptic treatment. I have had catarrh in Its worst form
for oo years, and was so deaf I could not hear a cable car or the
lisfiiyS? £ ell sound. Came near being run over several times. Since treat-
e^^Sfeiw^ ln * l c ? n hea , r about as well as I evor could; in fact. 1 hear sur-
Ng^gjgg^j prisingly well. I never thought it possible to be made to hoar
so well. I have lost pood positions on account of my bad hear-
, ing. 'It is-an awful misfortune to be deaf. The treatment Is all right and will cure
catarrh end deafness. ". •
f\ k f 1 /"»!} Located on Market
i ALAwE street - tn cloM
1 V H Dess "ectlon. places
A I \ v of amusement and
. Irk . » 7 «v depots: HCO rooms.
UllHlll/ tached. Thelartest
and finer" hotels tn
DA TCI C ;hP 17orld - Amert-
nu i el jj P iW and Eur ° Deaa
MARY BUJA SAYS HE
IS A BLACKMAILER
Ij. Scatena Defendant in an Action to
Recover Money, Property and
Damages.
' In a suit filed yesterday Mrs. Mary Buja
charges L. Scatena with' having extorted
$1500 from her through threats of having
her son, Nicholas, sent to prison on a
charge of embezzlement. He also forced
her by threats, menace and duress, she
says, to give him a note and mortgage on
her home at 810 Green street, and she asks
the court to give her judgment canceling
the note and mortgage and decreeing that
she recover ' the $1500 paid out by her,
together with $1000 damages.. Mrs. Bula
says Scatena, prior to August 15, 1897,
caused the arrest of her son on two
charges of "embezzlement. "Subsequently
he, went to her and said v that he would
press the charges against" her son' unless
she paid him $1500 and. gave her the note
and mortgage referred to. .Fearful that
he would carry out his threat, she says,
she agreed to what sne, terms his extor
tionate demands and gave away. her all.
She now: seeks to .recover , the property
given into the hands of Scatena under the
belief that' she .was saving her son from
a felon's cell. ' : . ...-.-
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. *
ARTHUR G. PERADA
DROWNED HIMSELF
His Body Found Floating in the Bay
Near Goat Island by the
Amy's Crew.
The dead body of Arthur G. Perada of
6 Scott place was found floating in the bay
yesterday morning near Goat Island by
the crew of the launch Amy. The body
was identified by letters found in the
pockets from Frank Perada, a brother,
who is attending the Mount Tamalpals
Military Academy. These letters spe»k
of the poverty of the dead man, ana the
writer thereof regrets that he cannot as
sist him financially. The following note
in pencil was also found:
Addle Sllva Is my wife,
To my brother •tf'rank: You know I married
and how I regretted It. So I intend to 'end it
all.. The woman that I love Is not true to me
You know who 1 mean. Good-by. s
S-1&-1900. ARTHUR
The deceased disappeared on the 19th of
March. He had been drinking heavily for
some days before he disappeared.
A new hotel. The Bradbury. All rooms sunny
1604 Callforna St., cor. Polk, near Van Ness. •
WIDOW HOFFMAN MAKES
CHARGES OF FRAUD
She Brings Suit Against Her Dead
Husband's Brother for a
Large Sum.
Mrs. Dora Hoffman, as administratrix
of the estate of Isaac Hoffman, has filed
suit in the United States Circuit Court
against Charles Hoffman, a brother of
her deceased husband, to recover $21,274 62
alleged to be due the estate.
Isaac Hoffman was a member of the
clothing firm of Hoffman. Rotlichild &
Co., in this city, and was murdered in his
store on Bush street on June 25, 1897, by
some person or "persons unknown to the
jury that tried and acquitted Theodore
Figel. ;
The complaint recites that Charles and
-saac were partners In the business up to
May 1, 1896. on which date they took in
Edward S. Rothchild as an equal partner,
their stock etc., at that time being val
ued at $197,549 24. In forming the new
firm, It is alleged that each of the three
put in $75,000, Charles and Isaac taking
their $150,000 out of the old business and
loaning, the remainder, $47,549 24. It is
further alleged that Charles fraudulently
and falsely represented to her that Isaac
had transferred his interest in the re
maining $47,549 24 for a valuable consider
ation and that he induced her for a gift
of $2500 to assign to him, Charles, all her
husband's interest, which she did, be
lieving at the time that his representa
tions were -true. _ .
nearly a page to expose the Guaranty
Loan and Trust Company of California
and Empire State Lottery Company, sup
posed to-be allied to the California con
cern. As a result David H. Jones and
Lawrence G. Skancke were arrested In
Boston October 4, 1894, and were charged
with maintaining a lottery in that city.
Jones was said to be the head of the
Guaranty Loan and Trust Company and
Skancke was his assistant. Both men
were found guilty. Neither man offered
any defense, but both endeavored to ob
tain mitigation of sentence by promising
to leave the State for good.
Jones was sentenced to the House of
Correction for three months and ordered
to pay a fine of $200. Skancke escaped
with a fine of $200.
Except that in 1894 the company an
nounced itself to be only in the sixth yeai
of successful operation, and the names of
agents and auditor were then different,
their circular of January 23, 1900. is identi
cal with one dated April 20, 1594. which
purported to give a drawing or allotment
of loans. In 1594 the auditor was A. R.
Ward. His place has now been taken by
H. B. Lansing. In 1594 the same Lansing
was cashier and secretary of the Bankers'
Mutual Company of 27 East Fourteenth
street, an alleged lottery, which was sup
posed to have been operated in connection
with the Guaranty Loan and Trust Com
pany and Empire State Lottery.
Postoffice Inspector King to-day pointed
out to The Call correspondent the fact
that circulars of the Guaranty Loan and
Trust Company directed money to be for
warded by express. As a consequence it
might be hard to secure evidence that lot
tery communications had been transmit
ted through mails/but Skancke may be
indicted for obtaining under false pre
tenses letters addressed to Platt.
The Call's Washington correspondent
wires the following information about
George F. Curtis, -who appears to be the
San Francisco agent of tho lottery:
¦ "Curtis, grandson of a naval officer of
high rank, believed to be a native of the
District of Columbia, was graduated at
Georgetown Law School, and about nina
years ago became connected with the
Congressional library. He remained there
five or six years, was legarded- as in
telligent and industrious, and nothing was
known about him while there injuriously
affecting his personal Integrity or habits.
Hut certain positive facts of tempera
ment made him in many ways unsatis
factory to library officials and disagree
able to all with whom he came in contact.
While on a vacation in Switzerland, it Is
understood he got into a difficulty from
which it required the services of United
States officials to extricate him. Exactly
what the trouble was is not known. .When
the library force was reorganized in 1897.
no provision was made for his retention.
This, was a way of : getting rid of. him.
His usefulness in the library and general
reputation were impaired by reason of
eccentricities of character which made
him somewhat unreliable rather than by
distinctly bad qualities.,"
JONES, THE WILY MANAGER, THE PRETTY CLERKS AND THE TICKETS.
NOTE.
We will continue this week our
SPECIAL SALE of . FINE ALL-
WOOL GOLDEN GATE BLANKETS
at 25 per cent less than present
mill prices.
• We will have on sale this week an
elegant varietu of NEW FOULARD
SILKS, the veru latest designs and
colorings.
The widths of these Foulards are
24 and 27 inches, and the prices are
85c, S/— and S/— W
Hard. We ask our .customers to see
our window display of these goods.
THIS morning The Call
unmasks a gigantic
swindle, engineered by
D. H. Jones and L. G.
Skancke, formerly of this city,
who are now operating in the
Eastern cities, end who, un
der the guise of agents of a
Guaranty Loan and Trust
Company, are operating a lot
tery. They are in receipt of
from $75,000 to $100,000
per month, and they number
their victims by the hundreds
of thousands. Their opera
tions are as huge, in a differ
ent way, as were those of Mil
ler, the Brooklyn scoundrel,
whose fraudulent banking
schemes resulted in the rob
bery of thousands of victims
of their only means of subsist
ence. Jones and Skancke are
pretending that their home
office is in San Francisco and
are using the name of this
city as a bait for the gud
geons who nibble at the lur
ing bait that they put out.
y NFORMATTON was recently brougr
I to the attention of The Call that ac
I vertisements were being circulated 1
I the East in which a certain "Guai
¦*" anty Loan and Trust Company" wa
•^presented to be doing business in th
Murphy building in this city under th
agency of Lathrop & Co. The busine*
was ostensibly the dealing in investmer
>onds. With a copy of the advertisemer
vas received a number of so-called "cci
iflcates," which were really lottery tick
¦is i:n.ler a very noor dissruise.
It was speedily ascertained that there
is no concern doing any sort of business
in the Murphy building under the name
of Lathrop & Co. There never had been
a Lathrop & Co. there, but there had been
one D. H. Jones, impersonating Lathrop
& Co., who v.as concerned in the Guaranty
Loan and Trust Company, but the office
had been closed long before and there was
no one to represent the concern in the
city except a pretty young girl. Miss S. L.
Uuscher. who frankly said that she knew
that there was no Lathrop & Co. in the
city. She said that she had been working
for D. H. Jones and that she knew noth
ing about his business, but that he did all
that was done in the name of Lathrop &
Co. when he was last here and that he haa
given orders that all the mail addressed
to Lathrop & Co. should be forwarded to
him at Chicago, where he had been many
months. She had sent on the letters,
which were not many, and she was look
ing for pay. which had not been forth
coming for a long time.
The advertisement read as follows in
part: "Guaranty Loan and Trust Com
pany, San Francisco. Incorporatea under
the laws of California May 13. ISSVt. for
titty years, with a capital stock of JSyO.Oftt.
Home office, junction of Market. Jones
and McAllister streets, San Francisco."
Then there were addresses of other agen
cies contained in the following paragraph:
"Applicatioi. for these loans must be made
through banks or at our office in San
Francisco. Correspondents solicited in
every town and city in the United State?
and Canada. For rull information apply
to or address either of the following firms:
I-ithrop & Co., K3S Market street, San
Francisco; Charles H. Kissam, 125 Dear
born street. Chicago; E. F. Platt, &5 Fifth
avenue. New Yotk; George Strickland,
Melbourne, Australia; J. W. Fassett,
Honolulu, H. 1. All business and commu
nications from east of the Rocky Moun
tains must be addressed to our New York
oi Chicago office."
It was soon found that there was no J.
W. Fassett at Honolulu and that the Chi
cago office was really run by D. H. Jones
and the New York office by L. G. Skancke.
The last named was formerly a clerk
employed by a rubber company that has
its office in the Murphy building. There
he became acquainted with Jones, who
took him East when he went away.
This discovery that there was no San
Francisco agency or Honolulu agency and
that the imposing names of the agencies
In the East had been simmered down to
Jones and Skancke, both of whom were
known to ha.v«: been in trouble with the
police in the East, showed at once the
nature of the whole concern. The agent
of the Murphy building was notified of
the use that was being made of the prop
erty for the deluding of the guileless East
erner, and he at once gave an order that
'no more mail for Lathrop &T Co. should
be received there. Simultaneously Miss
Buscher, learning of the nature of the
concern, declined to have anything more
to do with Jones.
Miss Uuscher was found at her home
1n Castro street. She is* pleasing of ap
pearance and manners. She at once freed
herself of any suspicion that might have
attached to her by giving all the informa
tion she could that would lead to locating
Jones. His address was given. from
which it appeared that Jones was not at
the address of Klssam in Chicago, being
located in the Masonic Temple building
She was much agitated when she learned
the facts and was concerned, because she
feared that her last chance for getting
her overdue pay was lost. The facts were
pent to the correspondent rf The Call in
New York and he has succeeded in run
ning down Skar.cke, who would not ac
knowledge anything and took the first
opportunity to rid himself of evidences of
the business in which he is concerned
The "certificates' secured by The Call,
otherwise lottery tickets, bad on the back
of them the date whoa they were collect
ible and one by its number pave the clew
to the surprising fact that Jones and
Skancke, in the first two weeks of Jan
uary, ISfOO. or prior to January 13, had suc
ceeded in difposir.gr of at least J75.(M)
worth of tickets. This would Imply a
business of about SJ.ftOO.OOO per annum.
About this time the news came to The
Jones and Skancke, Who Were Once Known Here,. Working the
East With a Lottery Scheme That Is Yielding an Income
of Seventy-Five Thousand Dollars a Month.
VAST SWINDLE BAITING ITS HOOK
FOR DUPES WITH THIS CITY'S NAME
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 4, 1900.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 MARKET ST.
SAX FRANCISCO.
MA IN OFFICE
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS. PORT-
LAND. OR.
I I, ¦¦ ri — I, ' 1
Y?j*T^h winds make fair nfTTinn
njJjUjl Sdilinss.fair dealing JUmjM
makes cusTomersdnd - FIJJhm
||i|j|iiul retains them, shoes j&^MA
yf^ff \\\\L tot are equal the atnt jjl/^Sj^ I
rijjj/ iiUH paj<L Shoes that con- /////ll!
lillu i Av\^\ * orm *°-^ e * 00 * anc ' JJMIM-i'
Jalir®~~>f please the eve are rM|<
\i\\\l |M / Kbsts m-m nn.si Wh&lli /
\WM& O> D V °U EVER REM) MW&W
our vJiNDOws? lll^^WM^^
4= Room Furniture
FOR $98. '
BEDROOM— Bedroom tet. 7 piece*, hardwood:
1 sood Wire Spring. 1 *ood Top Mattress. 1
Pair Pillows.
PARLOR— S pieces Oak or Mahogany Up-
holstered Set.
DINING-ROOM — 1 Hardwood Extension
Table, t Oak Chairs.
KITCHEN— I Patent Table, 1 No. 7 Star*. 1
Chairs.
No extra chargre on erwdlt.
MAKE TOtTR OWN TERM 3.
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St., Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
12