BRITISH VERSIONS OF PLUMER'S DEFEAT.
DEWEY'S CLAIM BEFORE
THE SUPREME COURT
Argument Begun in the Admiral's
Appeal of the Suit for More
Prize Money.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Argument
was begun in the United States Supreme
Court to-dry In the case of Admiral
Dewey and his men. The case grows out
of their claim for bounty due for the de
etructlon of the Spanish fleet at Manila
and comes to the Supreme Court on appeal
from the decision of the Court of Claims.
The court awarded the men $100 each and
the admiral 5K170. They claim double that
amount In ail the c-ast-a on the ground
that the enemy's force was superior to the
American fleet. William D. King and
Benjamin Micou and former Secretary
Herbert represent the claimants and As
sistant Attorney General Pradt the Gov
ernment.
DEWEY DECLARES HE
IS YET IN THE RACE
Denies a Statement Published in New
York to the Effect That He*
Would Retire.
NEW YORK. April 10.— A Washington
special to the Evening World says: , It
Is asserted this afternoon, on what seems
to be good authority, that Admiral. Dewey
has decided to withdraw' as a. candidate
for the Presidency, and that within a few
days he" will formally announce his ' de
cision. His brother-ln-luw, John R. " Mc-
Lean, Is alleged to be responsible for this
latest move: Within - forty-eight 'hours
Admiral Dewey has been in consultation
with Democratic leaders and others an
tagonistic to President McKlnley, and the
opinions then expressed, together. with un
favorable or non-committal views, voiced
by .the newspapers, decided him, it is as
serted, to withdraw from the contest.
WASHINGTON, April « 10.— Admiral
Dewcy said, to-night that the report pub
lished In • a "¦: New York afternoon? paper to
the, effect that he Intended to . withdraw,
his candidacy • for the Presidency was all
a mistake, and that he had never given
any one whatever any sucis information.
BERLIN. April 10.— The latest events in South Africa are Interpreted as being very unfavorable to Great Britain,
but General Yon Becher. in the Lokal Anzeiger. says: . "Evidently the British will soon begin a concentric advance move
ment, rendering it impossible for the Boers to communicate with their forces within,* the inner 'line, but the principal
danger for the British remains in their extremely long approvislonment lines. .It will be, however, next to impossible
for the Boers to continue movements in the open field when Lord Roberts moves after : putting, his army in first-class con
dition." . . - '.¦¦¦•¦
LORD ROBERTS' MEN BUSY DIGGING TRENCHES.
BLOEMFONTEIN. Monday. April 9.— Remounts are continually arriving, but competent authorities estimate that the
wastage of horses monthly by the British forces in South Africa must be calculated at not less than 5000.
LONDON. April 11.— The Bloemfontein correspondent of the Morning Post says: "The water supply continues satis
factory." Entrenching is proceeding vigorously en the hills commanding Bloemfontein. Civilian labor is to be utilized. Sick
ness amoriK the troops is somewhat diminishing."
The Bloemfontein correspondents of the Times, telegraphing Monday, says: "The enemy Is making a desperate attempt
to discover a strategic opej^ng. Their numbers are unknown to us. but are anywhere between 3000 and COOO. They are
moving cautiously. Remounts are arriving, but the Argentine animals are little liked by the'cavalry. Among the valuable
documents discovered belonging to Messrs. Steyn and Fischer is some correspondence proving that the fall of Ladysralth
was to be the signal for a general Dutch rising.
GENERAL VON BECHER POINTS OUT BRITISH DANGER.
BREAKING IN THE RAW MATERIAL FOR ROBERTS' CAVALRY: t
The above picture taken from the London Daily Graphic given a scene that is now of constant oc- <S>
currence in all parts of the extensive "remount" camps at Stellenbosch and Naauwpoort,- Cape Colony. . -|
There the thousands cf horses, from the prairies of Texas and the pampas .of Argentine, intended to re- . '4
place the fast dying animals of Lord Hoberts' army, are halted for the time to be in a measure acclimated, i
and at the same time trained to the rules of ths British army .riding school. It may be explained • that
after the long sea voyage from Galveston or Buenos Ayres to Cape Town a horse that had been well ?
broken to the Texas cowboy or the "Guacho John" way. of riding must begin his schooling over again 'f
before he will be a fit mount for the average British cavalryman.' ' V*' • ' -'¦ " T
BULUTVAYO. Tuesday, April 3.— Colonel Plumer engaged the Boers between \ Ramathlabama and Mafeking March- 31.
The Boers appeared in considerable force six miles from Mafeking. and to prevent being outflanked on both sides Plumer
had to withdraw on Ramathlabama, subsequently retiring to his base campl The engagement lasted three hours and the
retirement was well carried out in good order under a heavy fire. • -
The foregoing dispatch is the British version of the defeat of Colonel Plumer's force first announced April 5 in a spe
cial dispatch from Lourenzo Marques, which said sham fighting occurred April 2 In the neighborhood of Mafeking. It was
added that ihe garrison made sorties, while Colonel Plumer's cavalry attacked the Boers at Ramathlabama. Both attacks.
it was asserted, were repulsed. Twenty of Colonel Plumer's men were found dead on the field and six others were made
prisoners. The federal iosses were said to be small.
GABERONES. Sunday. April I.— Yesterday Colonel Plumer, with 270 mounted men and a few infantry and one Maxim
pun. arrived at Ramathlabama. where he left the dismounted men and proceeding along the railroad to within sight of
Mafeking the advance guard, under Colonel White, encountered a large body of Boers, and almost simultaneously ;the left
ard right flanks were attacked and sharp fighting followed. The Boers were in crescent formation and outnumbered the
British two to one. They advanced with skill and stubbornness and persistently endeavored to encircle the British. After
holding his ground for an hour Colonel Plumer retired, with the Boers slowly following him up. The fighting continued
throughout the ten-mile retreat to Ramathlabama. where the British Maxim gun was brought into play. After a stiff fight
Colonel Plumer reached his camp. The British casualties were: Killed, three officers and seven men; wounded, three officers
end twenty-four men; missing, eleven. The Boer loss was serious.
At the conclusion of the flght General Snyman informed Colonel Baden-Powell that he had some British wounded,
and both Baden-Powell and Plumer sent ambulances. The Boers were also busy Sunday collecting their dead and wounded.
Most of the British wounded were only s'lghtly hurt. Colonel Plumer was wounded.but was able to carry out his duties.
While the ambulance vas still at Ramathlabama, April 2. General Snyman with 800 men and three guns arrived
there and finding no British troops in the vicinity returned to Mafeking. It Is reported here that the advance guard of
Lord Methuen's relief force has left Vryburg for Mafeking.
Saturday's fight In the environs of Mafeklng was conducted on Colonel Plumer's side under great difficulties, be
ing In the proximity of the Boer laagers, whence re-enforcements could be promptly sent to the burghers, and there was
little cover available for the British when the fight began, the plain being but. sparsely wooded and the railroad em
bankment, the chief protection, being only two feet high. The men behaved gallantly, however, and officers were unex
ceptlonally conspicuous in the affair. With the exception of a few rounds fired by the British Maxim, gun at Ramathla
bama, the fire on both sides was entirely by rifles. Half of the Britlsn officers were more or less seriously wounded.
Colonel Plumcr's wound was in his right arm. His horse was shot. Colonel Bodle and Captain Rolt were wounded.
Colonel Plumer's orderly is missing. Sergeant Major Manning of the Fifth Dragoon Guards, who took up the duties of
orderly, did excellent work. Captain Fred Crewe was shot dead while covering the retreat of others. Captain Maclaren
was severely wounded, and Lieutenant Mill!gan, the famous Yorkshire cricketer, fatally, -while tenaciously holding an as
signed position. Lieutenant Mllligan rode unassisted to Ramathlabama. ' £
The Gaberones dispatch is another British version of the defeat of Colonel Plumer.
LOXDOX. April 11. — A dispatch to the Daily Mai: from Brandfort, dated Sunday, says: Yesterday De.-AVet
inflicted the third c^feat on the British within a week at Merkatsfonteiri, killing and wounding 600. He*cap
tured 900, with twelve wagons, losing five Boers killed and nine wounded.
The Daily Xews h?s the following from Pretoria, dated Monday, by way of Delagoa Bay: "It is officially
rjneed that a battle has been fought south of Brandfort, in which 600 British troops were killed and wounded
>oo taken prisoners. Lord Roberts is declared to be finding great difficulty owing to the scarcity of'water."
The Daily Mail publishes the following, dated April 10. irom Lourenzo Marques: "The Nctherland Raihvay
company professes to have received a telegram reporting a Boer victory near Kroonstaclt. . the Boers capturing 900
British/'.
Commenting upon tin's the Daily Mail remarks: "There is a Mccrkatfontcin about five and a half miles south-
BOER GENERAL DE WET INFLICTS THIRD
DEFEAT ON THE BRITISH WITHIN A WEEK
Conflicting* Reports Received From the Scene of the Latest Battle South of Brandfort, in the
Orange Free State, but the Information Is Given That the Imperial Forces Lost 600
in Killed and Wounded, 800 Were Taken Prisoners and 12 Wagons Lost.
east of Kroonstadt, but. if the report be true, this can hardly be the place."
PRETORIA, April 9 (via Lourenzo Marques, April 10). — The British casualties in the fight at Dewetsdorp
were 100 killed and wounded and 459 captured.
The Transvaal Volksraad has been summoned to meet in ordinary session on May 10.
Heavy cannonading is reported at Fourteen Streams. The British are using a naval gun. Lord Methuen is
moving in the direction of Hoopstad.
PIETERMARITZBURG, April 10. — Heavy cannonading commenced this morning in the vicinity of Elands
Laagte.
LADYSMITH, Aprilo,. — Heavy firing was heard this morning in the direction of Sundays River. It con
tinued for a few hours. No details of the ensracrement have been received.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 142.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
IN THEIR SEAGIRT PRISON ISLE.
[From Army and Navy, after a photograph by A. L. Innes, Jamestown. St. Helena.]
A view of the landing place, Jamestown, St. Helena, where General Cronje and his fellow prison
ers stepped ashore to begin their stay to the end of the war.
CAPTAIN CARL
REICHMAN LED
BOERS IN BATTLE
w ONDON, April 11.— The f
H— ' Berlin, correspondent of *
the Daily News asserts "that -
the Reichmian ; who is 'credited -
with haying* led 'the ; Boers -'at . "
Kornspruit I is "¦ certainly, ' the *
'- : military / attache, -
'Captain V Carl Reichman.
After a^Fierce Engage
ment the Boers Ap
pear to Have Captured
an Entire British Com
mand of 1500 Troops.
Result of the Hard Fighting
Around Vv'eoener Monday
and Tuesday, Where the
Colonial Division Is Being
Attacked, Is Not Yet
Known, but Losses Are
Heavy.
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. IXO. by tlie Herald Pub
lishing Company.
LONDON, April 11.— A third very seri
ous defeat has been Inflicted upon
the British forces In the Orange
Free State, according to dispatches
to the Daily Mall, quoting advices
from , Boer sources. The report of
the victory is (hat on Saturday General De
Wet's Burghers attached the British
forces, 1500, strong. |at Meerkatsfonteln.
After a fierce engagement in which, ac
cording, to- one account. COO British were
killed or.; wotimled; the Boers captured the
entire command. " ". ~ " — ¦'.'
' The War Office has hot mode public any.
dispatches' indicating the possibility of
such an engagement, nor do any press tel
egrams received from the correspondents
with ihe British army., many of which
bear later date than Saturday, contain
any hint of this disaster. Yet the censor
ship is very stringent at present and
might easily prevent such news . from
reaching England until after Lord Rob
erts had seen tit to report on it.
The location of Meerkatsfontein, where
the battle is said to have been fought, is
uncertain. One dispatch says it is to the
south of Bloemfontein, and apparently in
the neighborhood of Reddersburg. If this
be the case the British force alleged to
have been cut on* might be the column
which Gatacre sent to Reddersburg to aid
the hard pressed British force there, but
which arrived after the surrender and
then retired to Bethanie.
Another Pretoria dispatch locates the
battlefield south of Brandfort and north
of Bloemfontein. in which case it might
be a part .'of. General Tucker's division,
which has been lying at Karee Siding
since the battle around the kopjes there.
The dispatches agree in stating that the
British loss in killed, wounded and pris
oners was about 1500 men.
Hard lighting took place around Wepen
er Monday and yesterday, where a part of
General Brabant's colonial division is be
ing attacked by the Boers. The losses in
the first day's battle are said to have been
heavy. The Burghers have ..been rein
forced by. a commando from Dewets
dorp and renewed the attack, the result
of which is not known.
That Lord Roberts realizes the serious
ness of the present conditions in the Free
Slate i 3 shown by the fact that General
Rundle, with his Eighth Division, has
been ordered to Springfontein. This puts
10,000 more men on duty to guard the rail
way and keep the Boers away from the
British line of communications.
Beers have again crossed the Orange
River, which will tend to stir up new re
bellion among the Dutch in the north of
Cape Colony. They are in greatest force
near Aliwal North, at Odendaalstroom,
east of Bethulie and south of Smithfleld.
They have destroyed the pont over the
river.
Practically the Boers hold the whole of
the Free State cast of the railway all the
way from Ficksburg . to Orange River.
Two thousand- of them are said to be
marching from Smithfleld on Springfon
tein Junction.*; v -
It Is very probable that with only his
division. General Gatacre would not have
been able to hold all the railway line" as
far north as Kaffir River had not Run
die's division been ordered to his assist
ance.
It is now made plain that Colonel
Plumer penetrated within six miles of
Maf eking on 'March 31, .but was then
obliged to retire to avoid being outflanked.
He fell back not merely to : Ramathla
bama, out even to his base camp.
Untfi the Boer besiegers are seriously
threatened from the couth it seems cer
tain that the relief of Mafeking cannot
bo effected. Weeks must elapse before
Rhodesia hears if Plumer can be rein
forced by any -troops coming by way. of
Belra' and Salisbury.
SCOUT BURNHAM TELLS OF BOER ACCURACY.
¦ - :¦ ¦ < ¦¦•¦..- •-- :—;: — ; . . ; .;..-. r l -
LONDON, April 11.— A dispatch to the. Morning Post from Bloemfontein. dated , Apri l ,9. gives a description by F. R.
Burnham, the American scout with General .Roberts, of the Boer trek from Kornspruit. Mr. Burnham says: "Owing to
a report that the British had occupied, Brandfort and were moving to Wlnberg the course of the convoy was altered and
the Boers . pushed forward with increased speed toward Wlnberg. They expected cavalry pursuit every hour, and the
convoy was protected .with the greatest care and subtlety, the road being taken between kopjes held and evacuated In suc
cession by rear guards. 'The trek proceeded ' throughout Sunday and Monday and on Monday morning the convoy was
ten miles from .Wlnberg.". .-•••¦ ;. .
Mr. Burnham, explaining. the Boer.method of obtaining the range for rifle fire, says: "One man fired successive shots
and watched the dust raised by the bullets until accuracy, was obtained, .and lie then communicated the range to his
comrades." 7; .':;\'j'' , ¦- . .< • Ii j ... ¦ ¦ •• • ' ,vv:»...;w. .....
Mr. Burnham also* mentions the way in which work intrusted- to men: with tired horses was -immediately, taken up by
others with fresh animals if occasion 'offered, the newcomers being" given' instructions and the range of the men whose
places they took. He-was struck by , the "extraordinary fullness of the instructions given by the commanders to the men
before any movement was. begun." These included information as to the route to be followed; the intention of the move
ment and the different rendezvous in case of either victory or defeat. Another thing that impressed him greatly, was the
"total absence of leading;" in some instances every man having received instructions and carrying them out Independently
and as speedily as possible. ¦ • - ¦¦ :..-...
» : ' - ' !'-¦>-;.
THREE BOER PEACE COMMISSIONERS REACH NAPLES.
NAPLES, April 10.— The Boer Peace Commissioners. Messrs. Fischer. Wolmarans ;and. Wessels. arrived here to-day and
were welcomed by Mr. Muller, the, representative of the Orange Free State, and Mr.- Van Boeschen. the secretary of the Trans
vaal legation at Brussels. They will remain here for some days. • , ,'C ; ".
Messrs. Muller and Van .Boeschen went on board the Kaiser and had a long conference with the envoys. It is asserted
by passengers that the Peace Commissioners are empowered to open negotiations for an' acceptable peace or for a truce with
a view to subsequent negotiations. -,;; ;! - ; •' - ¦ --•.'*«';
The Corriere d'ltalia this evening publishes an Interview with Mr. Fischer, representing him as having said:' "Lord Rob
erts will never reach Pretoria, as he would have to pass through an impracticable desert."
— - • •.. •¦¦*. . ' ¦ ¦ '
BOERS SECURE THIRTY PIECES OF ARTILLERY.
LONDON. April 11.— The correspondent of the Times at Lourenzo Marquez., telegraphing .Monday, says: "Trustworthy
refugees assert that the Boers recently obtained at least thirty pieces of artillery, some of large caliber, which were brought
overland as machinery from a West African port: Eight of these guns were d'spatcned to the Free State a week ago. The
Boer officials openly boast that they have succeeded in smuggling ammunition through Portuguese territory. In- the coursa
of the Dempsey trial State Engineer Munnlk admitted under pressure that, acting under Instructions from State Secretary
Reltz of the Transvaal, he had bored holes in twenty-five mines."
?
NAVAL GUNS BOMBARDING BOER POSITIONS.
" LONDON, April 11.— The Durban correspondent of the Daily Telegraph telegraphing Tuesday. April 10, says: "Oar
naval! guns have commenced bombarding the Boer positions between Sundays River and Biggarsberg."
LONDON, April 11.— The Durban correspondent of the Standard, telegraphing Tuesday, says: "Largo numbers of
troops are coming down for shipment to Cape Colony. Two regiments have already sailed. General Hart is also going to
the Cape, probably in command of these troops." •
ARMED KAFFIRS DEFEATED BY BURGHERS.
PRETORIA, April 7.— Advices from Mafeklng say a band of armed Kaffirs left Maf eking through the burghers' lines dur
ing the night of April 5 and were followed and surrounded In the bush, when they were shelled by a Maxlm-Nordenfeldt gun.
The Boers then stormed the Kaffir position, killing thirty-one. The Kaffirs fought stubbornly.
Skirmishes are reported at Biggarsberg and in the Free State, mostly between patrols.
CRONJE AND THE BOER PRISONERS ARRIVE AT ST. HELENA.
ISLAND OF 9T. HELENA, April 9.— The Niobe and the Milwaukee have arrived here with theßoer prisoners. Their health
is good with the exception of four cases of measles, necessitating the Milwaukee being quarantined. The prisoners are quiet
and well behaved: They will probably land to-morrow. The Governor has been notified of the desire of the authorities that
the prisoners be treated with every courtesy and consideration.
FREE STATE PRACTICALLY HELD BY REPUBLICAN FORCES.
BETHULIE, Orange Free State, April 9.— lt is expected that the Boers will endeavor to retake and destroy the bridge
over the Orange River. Consequently extraordinary precautions have been taken. A force of Boers is located twelve miles
east. Asa matter of fact the Boers practically again hold the Free State eastward of the railroad, and are greatly encour
aged by their successes at Reddersburg a nd Korn Spruit
: : :- ¦ • — ."
LORD METHUEN'S FORCE REGONNOITERS EASTWARD.
ZWARTKOPFONTEIN, Orange Free State. Monday, April 9.— Lord Methuen's force 13 encamped here, ten miles east
of Boshof.- Since the Boshof affair Lord Chesham, with yeomanry and the Kimberley mounted corps, has reconnoltered
eastward, but he only, encountered a small body of Boers, who fled-. ¦ ¦
BRITISH REPORT
OF THE BATTLE
ALIWAL NORTH. April 11.— The BrlJ
tsh loss in the fight at Wepener yesterda
was 11 killed and 41 wounded. Fightln
was resumed to-day. The British ar
holding their own well.
RESULTS OF ELECTIONS
IN CITIES OF NEW JERSEY
Republicans Gain .a. Majority in the
Board of Public Works of New
ark and City Council.
NEW YORK. April 10.— Municipal elec
tions were held to-day in xnost of,the,im- ;
portant cities of New, Jersey and in sev
eralof the. smaller ones.. Councilmen only
•were Selected in most ; of cities 'that
voted ! to-day. . ' Local Issues we're Involved
and there ; was no striking . overturn , aijy
where.,Tins,Newark,"* where 1 the Republi
cans, had' hoped for a ; sweeping victory.
Mayor .'Seymour (D.) ' was- re-elected 'toy
2300 majority, but the Republicans elected
two members of the Board of Works, the
whole electorate voting, and . the new
Council will stand eighteen Republicans
and twelve Democrat?, a reversal of last
year.^l|9BßM *&3Rk
In Jersey City the Democratic ticket
was elected by 5200 majority. The Board
of Aldermen will stand twenty-three Dem
ocrats and two Republicans.
In Elizabeth Mayor, Mack (R.) was re
elected, ; but the Democrats still retain
control of the Common Council.
In New Brunswick the Democrats re
elected City Collector- Flarence by 1335
majority. The new Council will consist
of. nine Democrats and four Republicans.
,:In ¦Trenton, the Republicans carried ten
of the thirteen wards and gained f our
Councilmen. . thus giving them a stl
greater majority than before.
Hoboken gave the usual Democratic mi
Jority, and the complexion of the Couz
ell la unchanged.Has cured thousands of people of blood diseases,
stomach arid nervous troubles, loss of appetite, that
tired feeling. It will do the same for you. It
Is the BEST
•Never fails to do good; always rewards those who dili-
gently take it; is the favorite family medicine in
'an immense and constantly increasing number of
homes. Be sure to get Hood's and get it TODAY.
SAILORS HAVE
FIERCE BATTLE
WITH A WHALE
One Man Loses His Life
as a Result of the
Conflict.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex., April 10.— The
waters are receding in the swollen rivers
and streams of Texas and it is believed
that the worst Is over. The property
damage by reason of the sudden rush of
water will be very large, while many lives
have been lost.
It is learned to-night that eight persons
out of a traveling party of fifteen, com
posing two families, were drowned at the
junction of Middle Concho River and
Kiowa Creek, in Iron County. The names
of the families are Queen and Wilson, and
they were from Voca, McCullough Coun
ty, Tex. Of the eleven members of the
Queen family seven were drowned— the
father, mother and five children— among
the latter being an eight-months-old baby.
A boy of the Wilson family was swept
away. bodies of the victims of the
flood were found after a search of thirty
hoursJ
AUSTIN, Tex., April 10.— The waters of
the Colorado River are rapidly receding
at this point, and while additional rises
are reported from the north it is not be
lieved that they will be of sufficient vol
ume to do further damage. Advices
from every section of the flooded district
up to to-night indicate that the informa
tion given out on Sunday and Monday
fully covers the situation. The property
loss has been great and the loss of life
is as originally placed.
Outside of the list of drowned at Austin
and some negro families in the bottoms
to the south of the city the fatalities have
been few. One or two negroes are re
ported drowned in Fayette County. Every
section tributary to the river was warned
of the coming of the flood, and this is why
the loss of life was not greater. The
waters, having swept the counties of
Travis, Bastrop. Fayette and Guadaloupe,
and points north of here, are now wash-
Ing farms in Wharton County as the flood
nears the gulf. That section of the low
lands is under water, the river being some
six or eight miles wide in places. The in
habitants were warned In time to remove
their livestock and valuables to higher
ground. ¦• -
ROCKDALE, Tex., April 10.— Thousands
of acres of corn and cotton have been
destroyed in this county by the floods of
the past few days. Lower Little River
was four miles wide this morning and
lacked only eight inches of being as high
as in June last year.'
The engineering corps of the Santa Fe
Railroad reports the rise as being one
and a half feet higher than last year.
San Gabriel River and Brussey Creek'
have been out over the lowlands, but are
receding. The Brazos is expected to over
flow to-night.
HON. W. A. CLARK OF MONTANA.
The unseating of Clark in the Senate Is said to be but another episode
in the bitter political and business feud waged for years between Clark and
Marcus Daly, the copper king.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— The
Senate Committee on Privileges
and Elections to-day decided by
a unanimous vote to recom
mend the adoption of a resolu
tion declaring: that Hon. W. A.
Clark ft Montana Is not entitled to occupy
his seat as a Senator from Montana. The
incision was reached after a two hours'
Fitting, at which all the members of the
committee were present except one. The
absentee was Senator Caffery of Louisi
ana, and he wired his vote in opposition to
«*Urk. The ballot was not taken until all
the members present had expressed them
selves upon the question, some of them
Fjv-aklng at some length and all express-
Ing -.fferent shades of opinion.
Senator Harris of Kansas indicated the
most pronounced leaning toward leniency
for Clark. He did not express any doubt
that there had been a lavish expenditure
cf money in Clark's behalf, and while not
*on<3onlrg this course he. spoke in terms
of strons condemnation of the tactics
pursued by some of Clark's opponents, re
ferring especially to Congressman Camp-
V.ell and ex-Scr.ator Whiteside, He said
that, whatever Clark's offenses, they were
but little worse than the methods pursued
by Campbell and Whiteside in their ef
forts to expose the Senator, and he Insist
ed that if the report was to be antago
nistic to Clark it should at the same time
relate in full detail the course pursued by
the two principal witnesses against him.
Pettus Sides With Clark.
Senator Pettus practically agreed with
Karris. The two Senators also expressed
t ome doubt as to the justification of the
conclusion drawn by a majority of the
committee that Senator Clark's candidacy
lor th« Senate bc-gan in August, IS9S. when
he returned to Butte from New York. The
effect of this conclusion "was to charge up
the entire $123,003 which Senator Clark
confessed to having expended in his cam
paign for the Senate, while tbe contention
was made in Senator Clark's behalf that
he had not become a candidate until after
The State election, thus eliminating from
the campaign in his individual behalf the
amount spent in the general contest. Sen
ator McComas »as among the Senators
who txpressed themselves as convinced
That the Senatorial scat was in view from
The beginning. McComas, however, united
¦with other Senators in condemning the
methods pursued in prosecuting the case.
The consensus of the opinion of the com
mittee appeared unfavorable to accepting
sny one especial feature against Clark as
the basis for the report a*rainst him. the
general opinion being that it was the cum
ulative character of the testimony that
rhould be considered rather than any one
especial detail.
Harris raised the point in Clark's be
h.alf that the cumulative effect of the tes
timony could not properly be considered,
tut he was overruled on his position
If prominence was given to any one line
cf testimony more than to another It was
to that doling with transactions ap
parently of a rejrular business nature be
lworn Clark or lii? acents and members of
the Legislature. The purchase of prop
rrty from State Senator Warner and Rep
resentative McLaughlin and the money
tendered Representative Wood to lift
the mortgage from his ranch were
considered as> bearing directly upon
the case. Of these matters the
Wood case received especial attention.
The payment of money to Representative
Pay after Clark's election also had
weight. The opinion was expressed that
no one of .these facts was sufficient basis
for an adverse report, but all agreed that
all the facts, many of them admitted, to
gether with other occurrences connected
with the campaign, were sufficient to lus
tify a positive position against the Sen
ator continuing to hold his place.
Destruction of Vouchers.
The fact that Clark and his representa
tives had failed to make their reports to
the State authorities of Montana as re
quired by the State law also was urged
against him in the discussion in the com
mittee, as was the fact that he and his
representatives had destroyed all their
vouchers showing where money had been
used and to whom paid. When, attention
was called to the fact that this course
Vas usual with campaign managers the
statement was met with the contention
that while the plan might be more com
monly adopted than it has been, still
there could be no reasonable excuse for it
after the Whiteside exposure. It was then
known- that there would be a contest, and
the argument was made that every scrap
of paper bearing upon the election should
have been preserved after this develop
ment in the case.
Chandler and Turley were directed to
prepare the report. It is expected to be
presented at an early day.
There were many expressions In the
committee favorable to Senator Clark
from a personal point of view, and more
than one Senator gave utterance of
doubts as to whether he had personal
part in or knowledge of the expenditure.
Others expressed the opinion that the
Senator was in a certain sense the victim
of environment and of habit. The outlay
of money in past elections in Montana
was dwelt upon as one of the explanations
of the liberal expenditures in this case.
Senator Turley was among the Senators
who dissented from the view that Clark
could have been uninformed that money
was being used to promote his election,
and he made one of the most vigorous
talks of the series In favor of an adverse
report.
Clark was at the Capitol when the an
nouncement of the action of the commit
tee was made known. He was surprised
at the result, but refused to make a state
ment until after consultation with his
friends and attorneys. The Senator bore
himself with his usual composure. '¦¦ His
face appeared somewhat flushed, but his
voice was calm and his manner collected,
and he discussed other business affairs as
if nothing had transpired. He was asked
if there was any truth in the report that
he had decided to resign, and he replied
as he did to all other questions •bearing
upon his case:
"I. cannot at present answer any ques
tions bearing upon the report of the Com
mittee on Elections."
Ex-Senator Faulkner, counsel for Clark,
was summoned to the Capitol Immedi
ately after the verdict of the committee
was announced and had a long conversa
tion-with his client over the situation. -
SALT LAKE, Utah. April 10 —A special
to the Tribune from Butte, Mont., says:
C. W. Clark, son of Senator Clark, has re
ceived the following significant telegram:
WASHINGTON. April 10.— To C. W. Clark.
Butte: Report of committee will- be adverse.
Don't Ist this worry you. I trill be vindicated
either here or In Montana. W. A, CLARK.
Date Set for the Quay Vote.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Without ob
jection from any source the Senate to-day
agreed to take a final vote on the right
of the Hon. M. S. Quay to a seat as a
Senator from Pennsylvania on Tuesday,
April 24, at 4 p. m.
During its session to-day the Senate
paid its tribute to the late Richard Parks
Bland, long a Representative from Mis
souri, The eulogies pronounced on the
dead statesman were notable for their
earnestness and eloquence.
Proceedings in the House.
WASHINGTON. April 10.— The House
devoted the day to the agricultural bill,
passing: it substantially as reported. An
animated discussion arose over the series
of amendments offered by Corliss of Mich
igan, restricting the distribution of free
seeds and free vaccine. Corliss main
tained that the Government distribution
invaded the field of private enterprise.
His various amendments failed after ex
tended debate. An amendment by Lati
mer of South Carolina was adopted, In
creasing: the supply of "farmers' bulle
tins" Issued by the Agricultural Depart
ment and distributed by members of Con
gress.
TEXAS FLOOD
CLAIMS EIGHT
MORE VICTIMS
Members of Two Families
Perish in the Middle
Concho.
Waters Are Slowly Receding and It
Is Believed That the Work of
Destruction Is at
an End.
THE SAN ITRAM CISCO OALL, S WEDNESDAY, AriilJD 11, 1900.
HUSBAND OF MELBA
OBTAINS A DIVORCE
Charles F. Armstrong of Texas
Granted a Decree on Charge
of Desertion.
Special Dli patch to The Call.
Ladles' fine kid shoes worth $3 50 for $1 a
pair at the Boston Shoo Co., 775 Market.*
SHOOTING AFFRAY IN
SACRAMENTO'S CHINATOWN
Murderous Mdhgol Seeks to Kill' One
of His Countrymen and Wounds
an Innocent Bystander. '
SACRAMENTO, April 10.— Shortly be
fore 2 o'clock this afternoon a Chinaman
named Ah Lee attempted to murder an
other Chinaman named Law Ah Lee.
The assassin fired three shots, one of
which struck the victim In the hip, the
other shattering the left elbow. 'The first
shot went wild and chattered the jaw of
a Japanese named Takanashl. yAh Lee
was arrested.
Forger Sentenced.
SAN JOSE. April 10.— Samuel B. Terrill.
the young attorney. convicted. of forgery
lp presenting a fictitious note -and mort
gage, was to-day sentenced to four, years
in San Quentin by Judge Lorigan. He
took his sentence calmly and will appeal
to the Supreme Court. There are still
four charges pending against him.
When a man discovers he Is belnr
driven to despair he should get out and
walk.
Silver Republicans Meet.
LOS ANGELES. April 10.— The State
Committee of the Silver Republican* met
hero at noon to-day and after the ap
pointment of committees on credentials
and order of business an adjourment un
til 9 o'clock to-morrow was taken. W. J.
Bryan will meet with .the committee at
that time.
CHANGE OF VENUE IN
MANSFIELD LIBEL CASE
Editor O'Xeefe, the Defendant in the
Action, Will Present His Case
Before Another Judge.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 10.— The $10,000
libel suit recently started In this county
by Sheriff J. H. Mansfield against D. E. J
O'Keefe, the editor of the Times-Gazette,
was yesterday transferred from San Ma
teo County to Santa Clara County.
The order transferring the cause was
made upon the motion of the defendant,
and recites the fact that in the complaint
the Judge of the Superior Court of Sari
Mateo County is charged with dereliction
of duty, thereby disqualifying him from
trying the case.
The action arose out of certain alleged
ltbelouß articles that«appeared from time
to time in the Times-Gazette, in which
Sheriff Mansfield and Judge Buck were
charged with using their offices and' in
fluence to defeat justice in the Desirelld
murder case.
Henry E. Highton appears as- attorney
for plaintiff and John E. Richards for de
fendant.
FLOOR COLLAPSES.
Dying Man and Four Others Killed in
a Peculiar ' Disaster.
CORUNNA. Spain, April 10.— While a
priest was administering th« last sacra
ment to a dying man in the presence of
his relatives near here the floor of the
loom collapsed and' ?he dying man and
four others were killed and fourteen were
injured. r
ANOTHER DREYFUS AFFAIR.
Frenchman Accused of Having Rela
tions With Germany.
PARIS, Aprilll.— Le Petit Parisien says
to-day: "Another, espionage * case has
arisen,, which is surrounded by deep mys
tery.' On : Sunday/ the' : police-arrested M.
L«on ¦ Gaget. who <Is charged .with having!
relations with Germany.'' •'¦.
Manning at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, April 10.— The United!
States revenue cutter Manning arrived*. ln. l
port to-day, , three months* and'-two*" days j
from New York, bound for San Francisco.
All well on board and a* monotonous trip.'
She left Acapulco seven days ago.
CANAL BILL WILL BE
PASSED BY THE HOUSE
Representative Barham Says . the
Measure Is Certain to Be Acted
Upon -at This Session.
Special Dlapatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 10.—Representa
tive Barham ' believes . the Nicaraguan
canal bill will pass they House at this
session.' He said to-day: " , •
' "Many have ' thought Chairman Hep
burn, in charge of the bill, had.no inten
tion of pressing it for consideration and
that-. 1- had been 'gold ¦ .bricked' when I
was made to believe the bill would be al
lowed to come up. Since the bill was
favorably, reported I ' have believed It
would be considered at the present'ses
sion and I believe It* now. 'I desire to as
sure the 'people of California ; that, In my
Judgment, Mr. Hepburn is, In good faith
advocating the bill. It was thought — and
I • have shared .in the •¦ belief— not wise to
press the bill in the House until the fate
o£ the Hay- Pauncefote- treaty was set
tled. The. treaty having been indefinitely
laid aside, there will be no further delay
in the consideration of the canal bill. No
day has yet been fixed, but the bill will
pass the House at this session. I think
it will not pass the Senate now, but Sena
tor Morgan believes It' will; .- .My judgment
Is that not. more than five or six votes
will be cast against the bill in. the -House
.when: the bill is taken up about the first
of May." . .
QUEEN DRIVES IN THE
VALLEY OF THE LIFFEY
Crowds of Cheering People ¦ Line the
Highways Traversed by the
.; Royal Party. * ; >i
DUBLIN, April 10.— The Queen selected
the picturesque route in the valley of the
Liff ey • for her " afternoon "drive and • cov
ered nearly twenty "miles: before "return-
Ing to the viceregal lodge. -Her .'.Majesty
rode In an open landau; arid was accom
panied by the Princess'; and Prince Leo
pold.
Although the route was only selected a
few hours : previous to . the start, the vil
lages traversed were . gay "with bunting
and crowds of cheering people lined the
highway.* . Groups of scarlet coated chil
dren f rom^the soldier, schools, operatives
from the mills and peasants In t he fields
formed to-day's collection of spectators.
Mrs. Captain Metcalf Dead.
SAN DIEGO; April 10.— The wife of Cap.
tain "John" Metcalf of • Oakland died at . the
Hotel del ) Coronado to-day . of pneumonia
after a brief illness. Captain Metcalf ar
rived this evening.
Members of the Crew of the Boston
Whaling Bark Josephine Have
a Thrilling Encounter in
the South Seas.
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. April 10.— The story of a fatal
battle with an enormous fighting sperm
whale Is told in- letters which have just
been received here from members of the
crew of the Boston whaling bark Jose
phine now: at Port- Payta, Peru.
Four boats were lowered, and two of
them came to grief in the conflict with
the sea monster, one of the boats being
disabled and the other being smashed into
splinters. The fourth mate of the Jose
phine, who was in the last mentioned
craft, lost his life in the terrible melee.
The whale was picked out of an entire
school in the South Pacific and at the out
set showed fierce fight. .First Mate Smith
of Provincetown, who was in charge of
the first boat, was compelled to back out
quickly for safety, his craft leaking badly
in consequence or a blow from the whale's
tail. Upon the approach of the next boat,
under command of the fourth mate, the
whale, as full as ever of fight, rushed
upon the newcomer and In an instant rent
it into fragments, pieces of planking, tim
bers, tugs, oars and men being sent flying
together high in the air. The fourth mate
had received a death blow and he quickly
sank, leaving his companions clinging, to
bits of wreckage. ,
Having temporarily repaired the hole in
the boat, the first mate resumed the fight,
but his boat received another telling blow,
though he escaped serious injury. Mean
while the condition of the men In -the
water was perilous indeed and, recogniz
ing their need of speedy assistance, the
maimed craft was pulled that, way and
the drowning men were hauled on board.
Besides killing the fourth mate, the whale
had badly injured one of the oarsmen.
ment, then and there declaring she would
not live with him any more."
Armstrong also alleges that he has in
vited her to live with him as his wife,
and she has refused to do so. He says
he has observed his marital obligations
and always supported the defendant in
good style and conducted himself lovingly
toward her.
The only child born of the marriage Is
a son 16 years old. now living with the
plaintiff. He is George Nesbitt Armstrong.
Through her counsel, Mme. Melba made
a denial of the allegations of the plain
tiff. She was not present In person and
her counsel was appointed by the court.
After the denial was filed the court en
tered a decree of divorce In favor of the
plaintiff.
Armstrong Is the owner of the Buena
¦Vista ranch In Karnes County. He Is a
son of the late Andrew Armstrong of
Kings County. Ireland. By the decree of
divorce the Karnes County ranch Is ad
judged the separate property of Mr.
Armstrong and the custody of the boy Is
awarded to him.
BRYAN SEEKS
TO REAP COIN
BY HIS TOUR
Refused to Speak at River
side Because $100 Was
Not Forthcoming.
Thrifty Representative of the Demo
cratic Party While Making Hia
Presidential Canvass Not
Overlooking Dollars.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. April 10.— It Is a sub
ject of remark' in Los Angeles that the
Bryan enthusiasm is not so great to-day
as it was July 4, 1597, when he appeared
at Fiesta Park. To-night in front of his
hotel, though a band played the liveliest
airs, the crowd did not exceed 300, while
there -was room for scores of persons in
the rotunda of the hotel. Whether Bryan
is profiting by this trip is a question that
many are asking. It is known that when
the people of Riverside, in common with
other towns of Southern California, asked
that Bryan be allowed to- address them,
his managers asked that the people raise
$100 for the privilege. This .was politely
declined, as . they were dumfounded by
the proposal. The silver dollars not ma
terializing, the people of Riverside to-day
saw the orator pass through, but no set
address was delivered. ;
At a late hour to-night Bryan'B schedule
for going East was changed from 2 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon until 8 o'clock to
morrow, hence the reception that had
been arranged for to-morrow morning will
not be held.
SAN BERNARDINO. April 10.— William
Jennings Bryan spoke to an audience of
about 8000 people nere to-day. He dwelt
at' some length upon the advantages of
the greenback, and said:
''To-day the Republican party Is trying
to retire the greenback and establish a
national bank currency, under which sys
tem the banks will have power to con
tract the currency and expand It at wllL
They want to have what tney call elastic
currency, with the banks holding both
ends of the elastic."
The speaker paid rorao attention to
trusts, and said he would continue to fight
for the restoration of bimetallism at the
ratio of 16 to 1.
In closing, he said that & largo army
was a detriment to the people, and ha be
lieved In letting the Philippines go and
giving them their independence.
PALVESTON, Tex., April 10.— Charles
F. Armstrong, husband of Mme.
g __ Melba, the grand opera singer, ob-
I J tamed a divorce in the State Dis
trict Court on Thursday. The pro
ceedings were conducted very quietly, and
every effort was made to keep them
from the newspaper men.
Armstrong filed a petition for divorce
on -December 12, 1599. The case was set
for a hearing at the February term, and
the usual notice was published citing the
defendant to appear and show cause why
the. plaintiff's petition should not be
granted.
The plaintiff, in his petition, alleges
that he "has been an actual bona fide in
habitant of Texas, county of Galveston.
since May, 1595; that the plaintiff and de
fendant were lawfully married in Decem
ber, 18S2, in Australia, and lived together
as husband and wife until 1804, when the
defendant voluntarily, without cause,
left him with the intention of abandon-
MME. MELBA. WHOSE HUSBAND. CHARLES P. ARMSTRONG, HAS
SECURED A DIVORCE.
MYSTERY IN
DISAPPEARANCE
OF FRANK FISH
Writes a Letter Saying He
Is Going a Long
Journey.
Drops Out of Sight, Leaving All His
Possessions Behind— For Nearly
Two Months No Word Has
Been Received.
fcDecial Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, April 10.— Frank Fish.
22 years old, has disappeared and his fam
ily, former employers and friends are at
a loss to fathom the strange occurrence.
Fish was a stenographer of ability and
earned a good salary in the commission
house of Henderson & Brown. A couple
of days before Washington's birthday he
asked permission to leave the city for a
few days, and his employers granted the
request, at the same time promising him
an increase in salary. He did not return
at the time indicated and his relatives
here began to make inquiries as to hia
whereabouts. His mother, Mrs. F. N.
Fish of 917 Union street, Oakland, was ap
pealed to, but > she sent word back that
she had seen nothing of her son, at the
same time expressing alarm by reason of
the report of his disappearance. In a day
or two word was received from Cal Fiah
of Xapa, saying that he had received a
letter from his brother Frank, postmark
ed San Francisco, February 22, in which
he informed his brother that he had gone
away and that it, would be no use to
try to find him, as it would not accom
plish anything. Frank closed the letter
to his brother by saying that he would
try to let his folks hear trom him in four
or five months. Soon after the receipt of
the letter a visit was made to Frank's
room in a private lodging-house at Eighth
and L streets. The room was found to
contain all of his possessions, showing
that he had left! the city without taking
his best suit of clothes, his trunk, any of
the family pictures or trinkets or even
his week's wash from the laundry, which
remained unopened. His letter to his
brother in Napa apprised him of his
debts, which were small, but there was
nothing about the appearance of theroom
to show that the young man had made
the slightest preparation to go on a jour
ney of four or five months, or even of a
day. lie had no money, so far as any
body knows, and his. accounts with his
employers were perfectly straight. He
was not given to the use of liquor ajid
had no evil associates, so far as known.
At the time of his departure Fish was
attentive to a young lady of excellent
character. She is as completely mystified
as any one concerning the disappearance,
and no one has yet come forward with a
plausible explanation of the young man's
conduct. Fish came here a few years ago
from Oakland, where his mother and
other relatives reside. He attended the
State University for a year.
ANTIOCH. April lO.VPassengers on the
new line river steamer Captain Weber
were compelled to witness a shocking ex
hibition of disregard for human life on
the boat's trip from Stockton- to ' San
Francisco Monday night. K. S. Killian.
a brakeman on the Santa Fe, who was a
passenger, on the boat and an eye-wit
ness to the whole affair, tells the. follow
ing story:
He says that when the Captain Weber
was a few miles this side, of Stockton the
purser and captain started -..to collect
fares. They came to a passenger who was
under the influence ooff f liquor. The man
was lying on the lower deck. He had no
money or was either too drunk to find
it and was unable to pay fare. The cap
tain "of the Weber then stopped and had
the man carried ashore by the deckhands.
The boat was then backed o.ut into the
stream, leaving the man on the levee.
Just as she was beginning to get under
way and as she came opposite to where
the man was lying he got up on his- feet,
staggered about and fell. from the levee
Into the river. . . . . , .-'
Passengers had remonstrated with the
captain when he left the man on top of
the levee, insisting that the deckhands
should carry him over the levee, antici
pating just what did occur. The captain,
however, paid no attention to their re
quest and left the man in his perilous po
sition. «j , •¦ i .¦¦ ; ' .¦>:.'¦ ¦• ••
After the .man had fallen from the levee
he floundered around In the water/ and' at
last got hold of.tho limb of a willow tree,
lie was then standing in water up to his
breast, and just as the boat made a turn
so that- a-pile driver obscured the view
of those on board he lost his hold on the
limb, and with a ¦ heavy sack that was
tied on hlsback fell backward and dis
appeared under, the water. Women
shrieked and' cried, becoming • frantic,
while the men raved and .threatened, but
the captain was stubborn, and refused to
turn, back to render ..the man any assist-,
ance. The • passengers looked for somo
one on the pile driver to go to the man's
aid,, but there was no one on board when
the. steamer passed. The passengers
threatened to take the captain out of the
pilot house and force him to return to
where they. believed the man was drown
ing before their eyes.
The man who is supposed to" have
drowned was apparently a working man
about 50 years of age. Ho was dressed
in overalls and a long canvas coat.'
CLARK TO LOSE HIS
SEAT IN THE SENATE
Unanimous Vote Against the Mon
tanan Reported bu the Commit
tee on Privileges and Elections.
CALL FOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
t» «,.«™s*ne» with the directions of the RB-
p™S!& NATIONAL COMMITTEE, that
JSeSe^epretntatlves of the Republican
fortoe purpose cf nomlnattar candidate, for
the offlcelf President and Vice President of
S« UnUed SUtes. and for such other busing
u W be brought before said convention;- and
" accordance with the instructions elven by
Sld National Committee, dtrectln* that the
Concessional District delegates shall be chosen
at called by the Congressional
Committee of each said district, In the same
representing the Republican , P^J_ °* "*_£
State that the Congressional Committees of
Congressional Districts of th.&t«w
of California are hereby advised »a d «« u "" d
to call Congressional Conventions of their con-
gressional Districts, to be held as
provided, at which two d « le *» t ,f s shall be
chosen to represent each ¦ o* »«cg s * r ' c '.iJ a
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONA.tN-
TION, to be held as aforesaid, and, for -the
selection of two alternate delegates, to actia
case of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of the delegates of the Con-
gressional Convention' shall b« under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of eaca
district. In accordance with the J call of the
National Committee.
Provided, That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shaU be as
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assem-
bly District within tha Congressional District,
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces more than one county, there shall b*
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county in such Assembly District,
and one delegate for each 300 votea cast for
Henry T. Gage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor in ISOS. and one delegate for each, frac-
tion of 150 votes or over.
It is further directed that the delegates
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet in State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
1900 at 2 o'clock p. m., to select four delegates-
at-large to the NATIONAL. REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In case the delegates
selected be absent, for the election of a Btate
Central Committee, and for the transaction or
such further business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It is further directed that where primary
elections are held the test for voters shall be:
"I believe in Republican principles and in-
dorse the Republican policy and th» admin-
istration of President McKinley. and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at" the ensuing election." -» -fj
It is further directed that contests must b*
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee In writing:, with a full statement
of the grounds of the contest, five day« pre-
ceding the meeting of the State convention.
An matters relating to such contest before the
Congressional ¦ Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the 14th
day of May. 1900.
" Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at San Francisco, April
g 1300. E. C. HART. Secretary.
CAPTAIN DESERTS
DROWNING MAN
Awful Action of the Officer in
Command of River Boat
Weber.
Puts a Passenger Ashore Because He Was
Drunk, and When the Man Falls Into the
River Leaves Him to His Fate.
IHE LIBERAL
CREDIT HOUSE.
One visit will convince yon that yon ar*
In the rirht store. Bis redaction* in
Carpets, Furniture. Mattings, etc..
Eousea Furnished Oompleta.
Goods delivered tre* within 100 mile*.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
NEAR POWELI*
Open Evenings.
£gSS2&a&3^ J "HJ guarantee
#§*&¦$ i^nS&k Ui*t my Kidney Cur<>
1^ wlll car ® °O per cent.
K * aa «^|s> <rf til forms of kidney
*H" s^M OOCJ ?' alQt * nd In
T y^ffiaa many Instances tae
¥53 '*Sfr?^r moat «rlous fonas of
¦l' "^ s<*y Brlght's disease. If „ ¦
% /ffQJif " c disease la com-
X *~^£pq plicated send a fonr-
jpEjlfrT^ygc onnce Tlal of tirtce.
tsf^v&^S^^S We wi:i aa " : y z? !:
Hfcj J^*fe'. y'tf^Z^ifJ and tdrlse yoa free
»*il t Mr wlxat to do.
Jit all drofgtits, tße. a »1»1. Guide to Health
and medical srtrice frea. 1308 Arcb «t.. Ph!la.
piip^ WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-REXOWNZD
"Magoetlo Elastic Truss' Dr. Plerc* K*r» to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment o£ Her-
nia, or Rapture Thousands of sufferers hava
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this (rreat appliance, and thousands of other*
ar« now on tha road to complete recovery. This
Truss In different from all others. It doc* tha
You can ret oar "BOOK. LET No. T' by call*
Ina* at the office, or it will be sent en receipt of
a 1-cent stamo. It tells all about this Trass.
Andrew-
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
«-U Olarket Street (Opposite Palac* Hotel)
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New York City.
1899-TA2CES-1899
The second Installment of real estate taxea
will be delinquent April 30. 1900. at < p in
after which 5 per cent will be added. " The
Tax Collector's office will remain open until
«&«Si»?e lr thl puttie" 1 WGek lD AprU *° * C -
«S£? A &ek£ rU POSltlVe!y da 7 tOT
JOS. H. SCOTT. Tax Collector.
PjNNYTdYArPILLS
H DR.PIERCES '
MEDICAL ¦ .
HJaSCOVERV
FOR THE
I BLOOD.LBYER.I.UN63.
DEPENOABLE DRI/CS. |
NELSON'S
FOOT
COMFORT. _
}_ A Certain Cure and Com- I
F, fort for Sore and Tired [
jl Feet- Price 2Oc per tin. f
f j By mail, postpaid, 25c, ||
13 Ee&d- for cur 1900 Illustrated cata.-. 3
II lomie. mallei fr*e for the aeklni?. 1
R V?e deliver drurs and medicines free" 3
fi of rxiir-rs charge* to railroad point* B
I] within 100 miles of Sao Francisco or |
(I Oakland when orders amount to 53 cr I
[j Murray's Porous Piasters (3 for
y 250 (Oc \
\ Murray's Belladonna Plasters (3 p
B for 2sc) 10c I
] Roll To'let Paper, the best tissue, 10c 1
I Carter's Lher Pills - ........ 15c |
I Carter's Dyspepsia. Tablets- . . .40c i
| Carter's Utliia Tablets ....... 25c [
I Carter's Cascara Compound.... 2sc |
(I Cirter's Kalr Henewer 50c 1
U Swarop-Roct 40c |
I Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c g
j Renntf's Malt Extract . ........ 20c 1
I m& Sei Salt, largetoies 15c I
] WM CaldEfs Dentine... lsc |
| rJS^Plakliani Compound. 7sc a
I JSP the owl orub go< 1
if yff£*lv " 3O MAmHCT ST. ||
H V7&C fiAK FRJLVCIECO - a
\i ™ *f>Jk lOth end Broadway F|
o
ADVEBTiaaMJi^JTa^INVESTIGATION
OF FUNSTON'S
ARMY RECORD
Otis Orders an Inquiry Into
Charges Made Several
Months Ago.
Dissensions in the Twentieth Kansas
Volunteer Infantry While in the
Service Will Be Given
an Airing.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. April 10.—
Major General Otis has taken measures to
investigate the charges made several
months ago against Brigadier General
Frederick Funston and Colonel W. S. Met
calf, who commanded the Twentieth Kan
sas Volunteer Infantry. This action is in'
accordance with instructions sent by the
War Department, as shown by an official
order issued by General Otis, dated March
1, a copy of which has Just been received.
The papers referred to the board for in
vestigation include the charges and coun
tercharges preferred by General Funston
against officers and men of the Kansas
regiment and by officers and men of the
regiment against General Funston and
Colonel Metcalf.
There is no doubt that there was grave
lack of harmony tn the regiment. The
department seemed to : support General
Funston when it gave instructions to him
to return to Manila. He was accused of
"playing to the grand stand," of never
giving the regiment any other commands
than "forward, guide: right," and ot
shielding Colonel Metcalf, who was
charged with having shot an unarmed
Filipino.
It is understood that Lieutenant Colonel
Mallory investigated a year ago the re
port that Colonel Metcalf had shot an un
armed native who was a prisoner of war
and reported not supporting the charges.
General Funston is said to have been in
favor of a strict Investigation of the
charges, but. the department deems it de
sirable not only in the interest of disci
pline in the service but for political rea
sons to have the charges inquired into.
Should the board report sustaining the
charges Colonel Metcalf cannot be dis
ciplined, as he is out of the serviced nor
can any of the other officers and men who
were members of the Kansas regiment.
General Funston is the only officer of the
Kansas regiment Implicated In the
charges who is now in the service.
RIVERSIDE, April 10.— The prepara
tions for the woman's department
of the great Riverside street' fair
are about completed. The floral
parade on Friday, April 20, with
the hundreds of little children as escorts,
the baby coaches beautifully decorated
and vehicles will make an occasion long
to be remembered In Southern California.
The entries for the floral parade include
among others beautifully decorated car
riages, pony carts and tallyhoes. Those
to enter so far are C. E. Week, J. D. Se
breell, William Bartee. Eula and Laura
de Vana, Mrs. J. M. Oldendorf, Gertrude
and Dorothy Seger, Marybell Heath,
Thomas Shaefer, I. A. Witherspocn, F. P.
Hosp. Rockhold Bros., Lucille Strunk and
others. - V';
It is expected that there will be many
floats and decorated vehicles, such as tal
lvhoes. coaches and other equipages, all
of unusual beauty and character. The
Rathbone Sisters will have a division in
the parade, in which will be included a
tallyho with eleven young ladies in or
ange-colored costumes and with a float
representing the water plenitude of River
side. There will be twenty children In
this float and special decorations for it.
In addition, the members of the order of
Rathbone Sisters will be out with car
riages and private rigs, beautifully deco
rated.
The Maccabees, the Order of Woodcraft,
A. O. U. W. and others will have floats in
the parade. Invitations have been extend
ed to the Rubidoux Club and the Country
Club to put in decorated vehicles.
In one division of the parade will be
about 200 decorated bicycles and riders.
The Perris Indian School military band
will be present on that day and there will
be another band also.
Preceding the floral parade there wfll be
a baby coach parade with seventy-five
decorated baby coaches and with «scorts
of little children, daintily costumed. In
line. This portion of the floral day will
"be in charge of Mrs. A. Lacy, assisted
by Dr. Louise Harvey Clarke, who has
center and will contain merchandise of
all kinds, art goods, citrus fruits, etc. In
addition to the regular display there will
be a very complete Belgian hare show,
for which beautiful premiums and diplo
mas will be awarded.
The firemen's tournament, under the
rules governing tournaments in Northern
California, will bring together ten or
twelve crack fire companies from the cit
ies of Southern California, The veteran
fire chief of Los Angeles, Captain Kurts,
will have charge of the educational ex
hibition illustrating the modern methods
of saving life and property, and the city
of Los Angeles will send its big American
Silsby engine, hose cart and chemical en
gine combined and its eighty-five-foot lad
der. Several hundreds of dollars' worth
of premiums will be given for the best
drilled company, etc.-
A novel innovation will be an automo
bile race with five automobiles entered—
three from Los Angeles, one from River
side and one from Redlands. It will be a
five mile race on Magnolia avenue, with
the finish in , front of the grand stand.
This will occur on Friday, April 20.
A most complete exhibit of the Irrigat
ing plant and systems ever given In Cali
fornia will be In the shape of a relief map,
with pumps and other details carefully
worked out. This will be in charge of the
various water companies of Riverside and
will cost a large sum, occupying one
street from block to block. Scenery will
be painted, showing the mountains of
Riverside and San Bernardino counties
and alfalfa, fruits and orange groves will
be Irrigated, forming an object lesson
very hard to achieve and yet a valuable
educational feature. Papers on Irrigation
will be read In the opera-house by repre
sentatives of the Irrigation Interests in
the south on Wednesday* April IS.
With the polo games between the Santa
Barbara and Riverside Polo clubs oh April
14 and the racing meet of the Riverside*
Fair and Driving Association on Monday,
assisted by the Los Angeles Driving As
sociation and also by the two polo clubs,
sports will be well represented. There
will also be fine vaudeville shows, several
bands and other attractions. -"• J
FRANK H. CUSHING DEAD.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Frank H.
Cushing, for years connected with th«
Ladies' $3 50 kid lace shoes for $2 25 a
pair at the Bee Hive Shoe C 0. ,717 Market.*
nological exhibit at the Centennial Expo
sition of 1576, and later accompanied an
expedition to New Mexico and lived there
six years, being adopted as a member of
the Zunl tribe. He was born in 1557, and
was a graduate of Cornell.
United States Bureau of Ethnology died
here to-day of hemorrhage. Mr. Cushing,
who devoted his life to scientific research,
was Identified in the minds of the public
with his work among the Zuni Indians.
He had charge of the Smithsonian eth-
Prominent Men Who Are Managing the Riverside Street Fair.
the baby show and baby coach parade In
charge; Miss Eugenic Fuller, with the
saddle horses; Mrs. C. H. Lowe, Mrs. L.
C. Waite and Mrs. Shaw.
The judges of the floral parade will be
invited to serve as follows: • Messrs.
Wright, Henderson and Irving of River
side; F. K. Rule. M. M. Potter and Gen
eral H. G. Otis of Los Angeles: Mesdames
S. A. Ames and Sartoris, and Miss Brown.
The judges of the baby coach parade are
Mesdames A. Martin and W. C. Mcln
tyre, of Riverside, and Mrs. Hadden of
San Bernardino, and Messrs. Lyman Ev
ans and F. P. Morrison of Riverside. Those
to judge the decorated bicycles are Mrs.
F. G. Van Slyck of Riverside, and
Messrs. Robert Lenny of Los Angeles,
and C. H. Bohon of Redlands. The sad
dle-horses will be judged by Mesdames
M. E. Taber and Dudley Duychinck, of
Riverside; Messrs. C. E. Maude and F.
M_ Heath of Riverside, and L. Hanford of
dan Bernardino.
Invitations have been extended to Gov
ernor H. T. Gage and Hon. F. S. Harris
of Los Angeles, Attorney General T. L.
Ford and Mayor Phelan of San Francisco
and other dignitaries to be present at the
foimal opening of the fair on April 14
and deliver addresses. .Tills will take
place in the Lorlng Opera-house in the
evening, but in the morning at 10 o'clock
President George Frost of the street fair
committee. Chairman I. "\V. Lord and Sec
retary- C. B. Webster will formally open
the programme of the fair from a large
stage in the center of Main street.
An invitation has been extended to Hon.
W. J. Bryan to be present, and the com
mittee hope to arrange his itinerary so
as to enable him to be on hand.
One thousand green, white and yellow
incandescent lights, typifying the official
colors of the fair, are being strung across
the streets, and elaborate decorations un
der the direction of F. E. Pratt of San
Francisco, who decorated for the Na
tional Christian Endeavor Convention In
San . Francisco, will give the town a gala
aspect.
There will be an exhibit of 100 odd
booths. These will be strung along Main
street from the curbstone toward the
THREE SMALL
REPUBLICS MAY
TAKE UP ARMS
Action of Nicaraguan Fili
busters Likely to Cause
Trouble.
Have Landed on the Isthmus of
Panama to Seize a Tract Claimed
by Both Colombia and
Costa Rica.
WASHINGTON. April 10.— It would not
surprise officials here if the recent action
of Nicaraguan filibusters in landing on
the isthmus should result in involving at
least three of the Central American re
publics in difficulties. Reports received
here have indicated that trouble was
brewing in Colombia for some time past
and there have been frequent rumors of
the intention of Nlcaraguans to attack
Costa Rica. It appears that the Nicara
guans have now actually made a landing,
though it is not clear whether their
movement is directed against Nicaragua
or Costa Rica.
The point where the party landed Is on
the Pacific side of the isthmus and the
party made its way to a place named
David, near the boundary line between
Costa Rica and Colombia, but within the
lines of the tract of territory claimed by
both nations. The Government of Colom
bia has taken steps to send a force
against the filibusters, assuming that
they are on Colombian soil, and it Is
possible that the Government of Costa
Rica will do likewise. In that case there
may be complications.
Meanwhile, the cruiser Detroit has gone
into the Gulf of Chiriqui, on the Gulf
side, but the nearest point of access to
David, to safeguard American Interests.
DENIES MOTION
TO DISMISS A
FELONY CHARGE
Ex- Marshal Chaigneau Must
Stand a Trial for Em
bezzlement.
District Attorney and Superior Judg«
of Napa County Disagree in
Court as to the Course
to Pursue. . •
NAPA. April 10.— This morning Judga
Ham denied the motion of District Attor
ney Bell to dismiss the charge of felony
pending against Paul Chaigneau for the
alleged embezzlement of $2200 from the
funds of the city of Napa while Chaigneau
held the office of Marshal. Chaigneau's
trial has been set for April 24.
The District Attorney feels that there
is not enough evidence to secure a convic
tion. The defendant was indicted by the
last Grand Jury, that adjourned the lat
ter part of last week, which body also
considered evidence against R H. Sterl
ing, a former School Trustee, who was
discovered to be short about $300 in his
accounts with the Napa school district
No indictment against Sterling was re
turned, however, and the District Attor
ney does not think that It Is right to pros
ecute one man and let another go. Both
Chaigneau and Sterling repaid the various
sums alleged to have been embezzled ancl
the matter was dropped until taken up by
the Grand Jury- The case of Chaigneau
caused considerable discussion between
Judge Ham and District Attorney Bell in
court. Attorney Webber of the defense
has intimated that he will ask for a
change of venue, because both the Judgo
and the District Attorney have disquali
fied themselves In the discussion of the
case.
FUNERAL OF REV. JOSEPH
HEMPHILL WELL ATTENDED
Services Probably the Most Impres
sive That Ever Occurred in North
ern Part of Santa Barbara.
Special Discatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, April 10.— The most
impressive funeral services ever known in
the northern part of this county took
place to-day at the Ballard home of the
late Rev. Joseph Hemphill, who commit
ted suicide by shooting, as stated exclu
sively in Monday's Call. The whole popu
lace of the valley turned out, for Rev. Mr.
Hemphill was a well-known man and the
minister of the valley's largest church.
Excitement In the region was as great as
the sorrow, for Hemphill had taken his
life in a most frightful and tragic man
ner. On Sunday morning in a woodshed
back of his farmhouse he had placed the
muzzle of a shotgun to the back of his
head and sent a charge of shot into the
skull. He was found dead by his wife and
family. The suicide was a brother of Dr.
John Hemphill of San Francisco, who
reached Eallard last night. The doctor
stated this evening that he believed his
brother's suicide to have been committed
during temporary insanity. Deceased had
suffered from a long and clinging cold,
and had often been attacked with severe
pains in the head. He was, moreover, of
a naturally depressed disposition, given to
gllent sorrow and the concealment of diffi
culty cf any sort. Dr. Hemphill knows of
no trouble that could have been the cause
cf the tragedy which he says could not
have occurred had Joseph Hemphill been
in his right senses. No cause for such an
act was ever communicated to the doctor,
who was always very fond of the preach
er of lesser fame. The two brothers
were the greatest of friends, »nd had
there been any powerful motive for sui
cide it would probably have been knewn
to both. Dr. Hemphill has repeatedly ex
pressed to-day his high opinion of the
dead man's sterling qualities. Yet despite
the terrible blow Rev. John Hemphill
maintains the most perfect self-control,
and has gone about the preparations for
burial In the calmest manner.
TRAMP LOSES A FOOT.
Grewsome Find of Trackmen Just
Out of Truckee.
FLORISTON, April 10.— Trackmen found
a foot and ankle two miles east of
Truckee beside the railroad track. Fresh
blood stains were noticed, but no man
was found near. The foot was encased in
a rough shoe and sock. The trainmen
say no one in Truckee knew of any ac
cident. They think a tramp was on the
brakebeam ar.d his foot got caught under
the wheel without dragging him off.
Death of a mining Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE. April 10.— H. L. Robin
son, a prominent mining man of this
county, died at his home in this city to
day. Mr. Robinson was respected and es
teemed by all with whom he had ever had
any connection. He leaves a wife and
daughter. Heart failure was the cause of
his death. Deceased was 69 years of age.
SENATE PORTO
RICAN BILL TO
BE SUPPORTED
House Ways and Means Com
mittee Will Report
the Measure.
Vote on Its Final Passage Likely to
Be Close and Republican
Leaders Are Not
Sane-nine.
WASHINGTON. April 10.— At a special
meeting of the Ways and Means Commit
tee to-day it was decided by a vote of
eight to tive to report the Porto Rico bill
as it pasitd the Senate without amend
ment and to move a concurrence in the
Senate amendments. This means the ac
i c<-pt&rio? of the territorial form of govern
\ rner.t for Porto Rico as added to the bill
v yy the Senate and other lesser changes In
the tariff and other features.
The vote on concurring in the Senate
bill was on party lines, with the exception
cf McCall of Massachusetts, the Repub
lican member of the committee who first
dissected from the till. The vote was as
follows:
Ayes— Payne, Dalzell. Hopkins. Grosvenor.
BnxaeU. L>olllver, Steele and L<ong, Republi
can* — iv
j;o«> ! ,_McCa:i (Hep.). Richardson. Swanson,
aieCklSand, Underwood. I>einocrats— fi.
"The vote was not preceded by any ex
tended discussion. Grosvenor promptly
making the motion to concur and report.
It was made known during the meeting
that the bill would be taken up to-mor
row and a strong- intimation was given
that the plan contemplated was to ailow
eitch «=ide two hours.
A meeting cf the Rules Committee has
been called for 11 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing, when the question of a special rule
Jixing the time and duration of debate will
be dettrmined. If two hours on each side
is allowed the vote will come late in the
day. if at all to-morrow, as considerable
time will be Fpent in passing the special
rule.
As to the final result of the vote there
continues to be much doubt and not a lit
tle anxiety on the Republican side owing
to the extremely narrow margin between
the two sides. Representative Long, the
Republican "whip." said:
"There is too much doubt to venture a
prediction. The situation is summed up
thus: The Republican majority in the
House is nineteen: there are eight Re
publicans against the bill; that leaves a
majority of only three. It is a narrow
mcrcin.
Representative Underwood, the Demo
cratic "whip." said:
"We will have every man present except
two. who are sick abed. There will be no
Democratic votes for the bill. This will
make the vote very close."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Variety of Entertainment to Be Afforded Those
Who Participate in the Southland
MANY NOVEL FEATURES FOR
THE RIVERSIDE STREET FAIR
BUSINESS MEN
GIVE TESTIMONY
Evidence of Portland Merchants
Before the Interstate Com
merce Commission.
Oppose the Petition of Middle West Jobbers for
Graded Rates, Elimination of Differen
tials and Other Requests.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. April 10.—Commis
sioners J. C. Clements and J. W.
Fifer of the Interstate Commerce
Commission heard the testimony of
Portland merchants to-day in op
position to the petition of the Middle West
jobbers for graded rates, elimination of
differentials between carload and leas
than carload shipments and for the exten
sion of terminal rates to all points on the
Pacific Coast.
The jobbers who testified put up a
strong and convincing case. In demand
ing the concessions set forth in the peti
tion the Middle West ignores the influ
ence of ocean transportation In rate
making. The Portland Jobbers showed
that the ocean is a factor and that when
it is utilized for commerce all rates,
whether graded or otherwise, nrnst be
based upon it. Alfred Biles of .W. P.
Fuller & Co. scored a strong point for the
coast when he told the reason why Pacific
Coast shippers cannot reach the Asiatic
market with goods originating in the
Middle West. To Yokohama or Hongkong
is the same as from the Middle West to
Portland. If Portland merchants wish to
sell Middle West goods in the Asiatic
field they must buy the goods, pay freight
on them to Portland, then the freight to
Asia. These rates amount to prohibition
and effectually shut Portland out of Asia,
so far as Middle West goods are con
cerned.
The steamship company to which Mr.
Biles complained explained that in mak
ing such rates to the Orient it had to take
into consideration the water competition
by way of the Suez canal. If water com
petition influences rates to the Asiatic
field it certainly affects railroad rates to
the Pacic Coast. .
All the witnesses impressed upon the
commission that If differentials are to b«
lowered still further the Pacific Coast
jobbers can and will divert all gwids that
do not have to come br railroad to> th»
sail and steam vessels coming by way of
Cape Horn and Panama. \ This was th*
way the Pacific Coast got its stocks be
fore the days of transcontinental rail
roads, and the ocean is just as deep and
wide and free now as it was then. Yea»
eels can be« had if the cargoes are of»
fered. Since the decreased differentials of
the Great Northern and Northern Paclflo
became effective last may conalderabla
traffic has been diverted from the rail
roads to the water route.
Half a dozen merchants in represent**
tive lines testified to the encroachment
upon Pacific Coast territory brought
about by the St. Paul tariff.
In the afternoon one of the most Impor
tant witnesses was J. B. Glover, local
freight agent of the O. R. and N. Mr.
Glover's testimony was a gTeat surprise
to the Middle West people and provoked
a fusillade of cross-questions which, did
not shake his original statements. H»
gave the comnnission facts and figured
about the difffrence in cost of merely
handling transcontinental freight at the
Portland terminus in carload and leas
than carload lots. He proved that there
was about aa much trouble and clerical
work involved in hanoling one car ladera
with less than carload goods as there was
in handling thirty-five or forty cars lrt
carload quantities. Transcontinental
freight In carloads was handled at 4 to 6
cents a ton. while in less than carload lota
it cost CO, 70 and 80 cents a ton for hand
ling. He also proved that a car loaded on
the les*-than-the-carload plan carried 30
per cent as much freight a« those loaded
on the carload plan. This evidence waa to
prove the justness of a wide differential.
The commission will finish its heariasc
early to-morrow morning.
Lxmxu fc3^A.J> 11 JLC-ivJNOxfcjUw KjJxljxa) \ >v XuxJSS Ji.fc>.L>.£k. jl 5 11, litOO.
SOUGHT TO CAST
HIS WIFE ASIDE
Mine-Owner Hull Must Now An
swer to a Charge of Perjury
in New York.
One of Arizona's Richest Men Accused of
Shameful Cruelty to the Woman Who
Shared His Fortunes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON: Ariz.. April 10.— George W.
Hull; who was arrested and placed
in jail to-day In New York City for
perjury in his divorce suit in Prov
idence, R. 1., is one of the wealth
iest and best-known men in Arizona. He
was born In Hull, Mass.. has llveti in this
county the last twenty years, -was a
member cf the nineteenth Arizona Legis
lature and owns mining property in
Jerome and other places in the county.
Some of his most va!ua.ble mines adjoin
the famous United Verde.
Hull married his wife at Phoenix, Ariz..
!n 1838, and they Immediately commenced
housekeeping in their residence at Jerome.
That fall Mrs. Hull went to California on
a visit and she claims that he refused to
send money for her to return to Jerome.
He went East and cold stock in some of
his mines for $225,000.
Last year Hull took his wife East, leav
ing her in New York with $40. and then
Brest away, presumably t£ Mexico, for
several month?. He flled a complaint at
Providence, alleging bona fide residence
for cne year and domiciled there. She
claims there was no service of citation
and says that she did not know of the
divorce suit until Hull testified in the
Boston case that he had been married
and had a divorce. Subsequently she
learned about his proceedings at Provi
dence and made application, because ot
he-r destitute condition, for an allowance.
Hull trif<i to have tn<» proceedings dis-
missed, but did not got an ciutr of dis
missal until after the court had entered
anorder for $1100. This has not been paid
and a warrant was sworn out for his
arrest for swearing falsely as to his resi
dence.
Mrs. Hull was born In the Verde Val
ley, Yavapal County, and comes of good
family. Her brother is a wealthy Arizona
stockman. Last February friends in
Boston gave her money to return to Ari
zona, fche claims that she has been per
secuted by Hull and his attorney. She
commenced suit here for separate main
tenance, and la6t Saturday the court or
dered temporary alimony of $150 immedi
ately and the same amount monthly here
after, with expenses and attorney -fees of
the cult. Her nurse girl, brought from
Boston, has been taken from her through
the acts of Hull and his friends, and
forged letters were sent to the girl's
frl«?ntl<» to interest them in getting her
away. Hull charges his wife with being
a drunkard. This she denies, and claims
that she is entitled to have some one with
her who can state truthfully that she
does net drink. She says that she has
always been affectionate to him and has
done nothing to entitle him to a divorce.
In her complaint she alleges that on
arriving In New York, he left her alone
while she and her child were ill with the
chickenpox. She fainted on a street and
came ntar being sent to the police sta
tion, but a policeman finally sent her to
her hotel. The complaint is replete with
charges of unconscionable conduct, and
declares specifically that all the time Hull
claimed to be a resident of Providence,
R. 1., he resided at Jerome, Arizona,
and that he was in the East for the pur
pose of making a sale of mining stock.
• GET HUDYAN AND GET WELL I S
Smr ' EARLY SYMPTOMS OF n|v |
|# HEART DISEASE. \
/ // Dizzy Spells Headaches \ \\
J Palpitation Shortness of Breath. ' I
I Loss of Appetite Giddiness I
I Lack of Energy Smotherings 1 I
I Sleeplessness Weakness / I
l\\\\ Bad Dreams Paleness II I
i% HUDYAN CURES. •
% \Wv A!l Druggists. In I %
• \l «H/> 1/11/ %
• — -=z^^ . 8
y* It jw»ople wculd obnerre the«e early eymptoms that denote weakness of their 0
O , tno«t Important orgran. "the Heart," there would be but few fatalities from Heart m
0 EM.seaee. Hudyan corrects one and all the above symptoms, thus averting the danger. J?
*» Hudyan etrencthens the Heart and regulates Its action. Hudyan rebuilds the broken- •
J» down Heart i>tructure*. Hudyan, for n»cn and women, cure* permanently. Get Hud- ©
V yan from your drurtrlst. 50c a package, cix packages t2 W. If he does not keep Q
q It send direct to HUDTAN REMEDY CO., corner Stockton, Ellis and Market sts., a
q San Francisco. Cal. •
O f¦ _ . ~^" * of tho Hudyan Remedy Co. 5
A IMM KJ l^ IT% F9 I may be consulted by letter or J
w ; L** v^ v«* g V/f \OI In person. v;.'.- •
9 $, __j^ \A/rlte your symptoms. 9
• 6EXD FOR FREE CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS OF THE GREAT HUDTAN. 9
oooc«oc©eocc©c«»o««o»©acooo©«oo»o©»oo««»oo©«©
IRiiiE Serge I 7T ~ lßiiisißGE : l
•"" \ jrf%'/'J6"\ ¦ J B fly B Da ' 4™^ ¦ m W 6^^^ ¦& &^P m--'
¦^^^MmiS^^ } '^sS^''ii v-r uijh £zL^**cy Tffln^ wBr7Tr^^. j^i
I I COst y° u £ IQ because they are worth $10 — we '-i ffelljSs^ f£
l : $ j£b I could not sell them for a cent less than $10 and • !!(%s?£& ||
'¦ Nr^v • ca^ ¦* business-like merchandising. This means \ \ ||
t\ vij^SW i that though you pay $10 you get a suit consistent : : W*S\ I
p y^^^^^^^rttf^ v with the price — one that is all wool, fast colored. \ V^J^iW I
1/l lifK - well made, good fitting, substantial, lasting.worth : : B
mi\\ the money— in fact, thoroughly satisfactory. \ P ||X|p^ I j ' /ft 1
f mil "illl 1 1 111 iu9 To get such a ser s e « g et ours and y° u wi!l "/I I f\\ I li 1/ Ip t
% I B|| :|y li |bJ| llhi know what you are getting. Every suit isguar- fl \\- : H;iI! !: i \\A 1 \
I ill Si fill ¦ if ' ll l/lil HA anteed — your moneys worth or your money ¥ M.\ |j !f , f lipM *
11 1 wi l 'If lf 1 returned : or a year ' s Tepairing free - / >.wi 1 13 lljll
lit I if! II ii/lS ¦ See the suits and you will readily see that E !§||jj j» 111I II j Jij jffl J
1 iiuiW I s ' Midd y suits, j Uolui :
I M \WvvfwiWw •• A word from the boys' department. Middy suits of ¦¦ |1H !&!(] iflJ
J! '11l 111 il ! Ifi'lif bluecheviot with sailor collars; vestee and collar ele- Sir li (i MIW "I I: l
' M 'fi 111 ' if II PllT gantly trimmed with soutache of blue, white or black; Mjj Jvl !| '/
¦fl If! iH I Plf]!l We fill all out-of-town orders for clothing, hats and furnishings. W '<¦ ij t'jlj'ui I
''llPilni ulffil Write to us for our Illustrated Catalogue Mo. 2— it will help you in your |j fti jj \w\ r
M ITU Hi I'lWl ' : ordering. Should you order clothing we send you a self-measuring '¦ H | j \y\ I
ft ifllllßl V 1 hH * >lank wnicf> assures y° u , of getting a good fit. Write us to-day. W, \ I l|rJ ! :
I 111 Iff] 1 TliT Market StreeT^" | ! I|| I
3+. Do not miss The Call's £
+ Easter number — out April 15. ' +
¦?" In addition to interesting and +
timely articles appropriate for £
+ the joyous closing of the Lent- +
•?¦ en season, there will be some +
+ full-page halftone productions
+ of specially chosen subjects by
? leading artists of America. ?
You will want these for deco- +
X rative posters.
Will Play Hoitt's Team.
SANTA CURA, April 10.— The xecond
team of Santa Clara College will 1 go to
Holtt's School, Belmont. on "Wednesday
to play a game of baseball with the team
of that institution. Both nines are well
matched, and a good game is expected
Preparations are being made for an en
tertainment to be given by the students*
brass band of Santa Clara College in the
College Hall on Wednesday evenlmr April
18. Some of the best San Francisco tal
ent as well as local talent will assist In
the programme.
THIRTY-TWO DOGS TO
COURSE AT INGLESIDE
A Medium-Sized Stake Will Be Run
To-Morrow Pending the Replen
ishment of Hares.
The midweek stake at Tnglesld© Cour
ing Park to-morrow has been limited to
thirty-two greyhounds, pending the re
ceipt of sufficient hares to provide for
stakes of full size. The sport will com
mence at 1 p. m., the stake being decided
during the afternoon. The total prize
money is $160, of which $50 goes to the
¦winner. The draw last night resulted as
follows:
J. R. Smith's Magic vs. D. Ford's Bonlta:
J. H. W. Mifller's Mooorlta vb. H. A. Deck
elmnn's Snapshot; D. Shannon's Safeguard vs.
M. B. Kavanaush's Hani Lines; H. A. Derk
elman'a Flyaway vs. Bartels Bros.' Baron
Blood; F. Vanioosten's Majrnet vs. P. Hor-
Cm's Luoretla Hrirpla; P. Morgan* Manila V 9.
J. P. Thrift's Forget: T. A: Gaffney'g False
Flatteier vs. Barteis nros." Banner Bright: P.
O'Donnell's Swlnnerton vs. A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan; O'Shea Brc?.' Youne Firenzl vs. T. J
McHuprh's Wolfe Tone; V. Dillon's Europa vs.
J. Dean's Brllllantlne: D. Dillon's Modesty vti
J. P. Thrift's St. Michael; Bartels Bros' Beer
Brewer vs. C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud* R
Attrldge's Masterpiece vs. Lowe & Thompson's
BaKplpe; Bartels Bros.' Betsey Barren vs
Lande & Gerber's Concord; A. Johnson's Low
lander vs. D. K. Wiley's Hleh Born Lady T
Butler's Susie vs. ,S..Mahoney's Nellie O
INTERSTATE COURSING.
Eighty Fleet Hounds Compete at
Mankato, Kans.
MANKATO, Kans., April 10.— Hundreds
cf people witnessed the courslm? races
hero to-day. Eighty dogs ran, and there
were sixteen kills and twenty-four es
capes. The forty heats resulted as fol
lows:
Lord Stuart beat Vln Ix>ve;- Bill of Expense
beat Bailor: Lrfidy Erwln beat Topsy; Van
Nat la beat Jack; Turquoise beat I'at Traeey;
Dash Qut Once beat Phillppsburg; Pall's Red
beat Mer Merrllloa; Texas Cross beat Queen;
Nellie C beat Tiger Bill; Star Pointer beat
Jim Crowd; Stone Hedge beat Slow Go: North
ern Surprise beat Larklns: Yerva beat Lady
Dewey; Fleeta beat Glen Elder; Jessamy beat
Lord Tanglefoot; Cotton Queen beat Freeze
out Johnnie; White Prince beat Huerfano Lad;
Nacaret beat Black Beauty; Refer beat Oka
hana Girl; McDermott's Maid beat Sklpple
Hed: Tom C beat Sir Lee; Royal Blue beat
Peruvian Bark; Moody's I*ride beat Surprise;
Texas WMte beat Bellamy: Benshl Hobo beat
Slocum; Pearl Trent beat Queen Regent; Lord
Van Dyke beat Dupont; No Show beat Brownie;
Hiiro beat Punch; Van Nye beat Hector; IJed
Diamond beat Nellie Tnpham; Phillip beat
Blue Rock: Lead - Red beat Speedway: Cliff
Dale beat Fanny O'Rell; Gretchen beat Mlnne
tonka. - ••• ¦ » .-; ."jii ;*.'¦«-
The winning dogs are from the Mankato,
Kans,; Lawrence,- Kans.; Honey Grove,
Tex.; Sherman, Tex.; Colorado, California,
Nebraska, Minnesota and Indiana ken
nels.
ENTRIES FOR THE DOG
SHOW PROMISE WELL
All Classes Will Be Strongly Repre
sented at the Forthcoming Ex
hibition at the Pavilion.
Entries for the May show and conven
tion of specialty clubs are coming in apace
and the clerks at the office of the club,
23* Montgomery street, are kept busy fil
ing the entries. The trick dog classes are
receiving a large amount of attention, and
this innovation promises to be an enor
mous success. The number of educated
dogs in San Francisco and vicinity is un
expectedly large, and the prizes of $10, $5
and $3 attraxrt all the best of them. Pedi
grees are not necessary to show the dogs.
Byron Erkcnbrecher of I»b Angeles has
sent a beautiful silver cup for the best
lightweight bull terrier. His own bull ter
rier, Teddy Roosevelt, has arrived in fine
condition. Teddy is in the hands of F. W.
Kelley, who wltf keep him In condition,
and who expects to see him returned at
the head of poll as the best heavy-weight
of his breed.
Johnny Gleason has arranged with
Frank Dole for the purchase of the lat
ter"c prize winning Woodcote Wonder.
Gleason is determined to win the A. B.
Spreckels cup if he has to beat Joseph's
Bloomshury Baron. . James' Banio and
Erkenbrechei's Teddy Roosevelt, and in
Woodcote Wonder he thinks he has the
dog that can do the trick. Thomas H.
Browne will enter his red cocker dog by
Havoc ex Kalllette, and a brace of Irish
terriers that, nave lots of life in them.
l^eon S. Greenebaum'p celebrated bull
dog, Harry Lacey. will have a strong
competitor in Poet Herman Schiffauer's
bull. The Mullins trophy for novice bull
dogs looks like a cinch for Mr. Greene
baum, who will have also the best chance
of winning the "Boss of the Road" trophy
for limit dogs.
Fred H. Bushnell has been appointed
the official photographer of the club and
•will photograph exhibitors' dogs free of
charge.
A convention of delegates from the Pa
cific Coast specialty clubs was called and
met on Monday last. Delegates were pres
ent as follows; For Fox Terrier Club— J.
B. Martin. N. H. Hlckman by proxy; St.
Bernard Club— Josoph L,. Cutten. T. H.
Brown by proxy; Mastiff Club— J. B. Nor
man, W.-H. Dick by proxy; Bull Terrlei
Club— Phil Fay and R. H. Rountree. J.
B. Martin was elected chairman and R. H.
Rountree secretary. The clubs took pre
liminary steps. for a federation, with the
object of assisting the Stato Fair Asro
ciatlon to hold a dog show under Ameri
can Kennel Club rules at Sacramento in
September next. Tlie chairman undertook
to open communication with the associa
tion, and the meeting adjourned until
May 5. when a Judge will, bo Belected for
the show.
PRELIMINARY TRY-OUT
FOR EASTERN TEAM
Contestants Bun Their Best .in Sev
eral Events for Expe
rience.'
BERKELEY, April 10.— An unofficial
.try-out for the athletes who will go East
and will compete against Stanford was
held on the Berkeley cinder path this
afternoon. There were no attempts to
lower records und the men merely ran
for experience. There were four entries*
in the 100-yard dash— Symmonds, Town
send. Bishop and Broughton. Bishop won
In the.slow time of 10 4-5 seconds. Brough
ton. second and Symmonds third. In the
440-yard dash Cadogan led by a big mar
gin until the stretch, when he was passed
by Scott, who finished in 52% seconds.
Cadogan was second and Powers third.
In the half milo "VVoolsey, who has re
gained his old-time form, won easily In
2:5 3-5 minutes. Service was second and
Mosier third. Clifford, Gustafson and
Robertson were bunched close at the fin
ish. Broughton did not show any form
In the broad jump, as he has been laid
up for some time with an injured ankle.
As soon as he is well and gets into form
no doubt he will equal his former records.
Squires, who gave much promise of being
a winner in the distance events, has
strained a tendon In his leg and will not
be able to continue training. Hoffman is
vaulting in good form and undoubtedly
will make a new record this year.
hnnds down if Logue had been of any as
sistance to htm.
Game and consistent little Flamora was
pent to the pof=t favorite over Rosinante
for the mil<? nnd a furlong number, but
was not equal to the task. The older
mare outsprinted her the last quarter of a
mile, winning in a hard drive by half a
length. Chimura ran a close third.
Fashion Plate, a mild choice for the
closing mile selling run, managed to get
away from the post none too well, losing
by a head to Croker. The latter horse was
a 5 to 1 chance in the betting.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; maiden three-year
oMs and toward:
905 Illilouette 95 1031 Coming Event. .lol
10© H"na 95 1026 Tanobw 95
973 Red Cherry 95 1050 Lobosina 95
in3s Ijpw Zara 951 839 Artilla 98
I<£6 TouriPt II 107 .... Sweet Clover... SS
.... Ahwahnee 95! 1056 My I"K>ar 107
965 Florence Flnk..lO7i 1031 Morella 95
ÜBS Pwiftwater 95 1067 Miss Soak 110
10SC Naples 107j 1038 Nettie Clark ...101
Second race— Four and a half furlortgri; two
year-olds; Belling:
<90:.,Irnte ...101|(1015)Cha*te 101
IM7 Illllouon 104 1001 Pefc'along 104
3020 Scrnwell Lake.lol (971) Rollick 103
ICK2 Artena 101 10T.2 Ada Fox 101
me; Moonbright ....101 1062 Floranthe 103
1020 Prncss Titania.lo7, 941 Loyal S 103
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; Felllnr:
S3? Inverary II I<T7| 1064 Doßtown .......110
lOCS Poorlands 103, 1063 Storm King. ...110
1036 Montanus 106) lOCS Sardonic 105
S«6 I>olore 1051 1060 Wild Het 100
I'jC6 Einstein 1071 1055 Perseus 107
Fourth race— One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; selling:
IMS Opponent 104, l'if.B. Captive 110
95S Hind. Princess.. 94 (1070) Catastrophe ...111
105S Jennie Reid IC7I
Fifth race— Five and a half furlongt; three
year-olds and upward; Belling:
1054 Ilonibel 106! (10«7)I>e Blaise 114
M» Royal Prize 103 ! 801 St. Apollinarls.lOS
10>;3 Afßhan 112.. 1063 ITterp 109
Ifi2-S Amasa 11l i I!<6 NeglUence 1U
MOSliMorlnga 114' 1028 Monda 11l
KM Mips Marion. ...lW: 959 Mafada 114
1041 Ksplrando 11R 1012 St. Cuthb»rt....lll
n<'44)TorFlna IUI 1018 Grand Hachem.llL
Sixth race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
s.n.l upward; rurse^ . ¦ ¦ . > • ,„¦
304S IViS'irmonde ...'.1191 3043 Fiero 103
G7« Ramlel .1011 967 Sardine .".......100
K'73 Fill? dOr HO 1070 Cromwell 109
I<*l Alleviate ..104
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Artl'-la. Swiftwater, Red Cherry.
Second rac« — Princess Titanla, Rollick,
STe^nwell Lake.
Thini rnff — Sardonic, Storm Klnc Dfßtown.
F' urth race — Catastrophe, Jennie Reid. Op
ponent.
Fifth race — Afghan. St. Cuthbort, Torslna.
Sixth race— Sardine, Rosormonde. Alleviate.
Nrne-tt. :26; :60V4; %. 1:16; mile, 1:43%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. F "
McMahon's b. gr., by Tammany-Belinda. Away better, Plate would have won. Henry C
and Los Prietos rheumatic "crabs" of little account. Ace another good cne to "copper"
ScratcbetJ-Joe Mussle UO, El Arte 98, Urchin 86, Letlger 83. popper.
Died of His Injuries.
J. Li. ! Anderson, a coal dealer, 63 ¦ years
of age, who was injured while driving a
wagon , for. the Pacific Coal '.Company a
few days ago.' died inSt. Luke's Hospital
last night. The man was married and re
sided at 361 Brannan street.
Mining Company Elects Officers.
The stockholders of the Champion Min
ing' Company held their annual meeting
yesterday and elected the following of
ficers for the ensuing year: President. O
Kartschoke; vice presidents. Joseph Fetz
and J. S. Schuster: secretary, •J.p Hoi
ling; superintendent, F. Zeitler; directors
InrT R S Se n, ll r hal> J - A 3310n ' H - Stelnegjrer'
and J. S. Ott. , e€ » c *
Men's $3 calf shoes for $2 a pair at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market, near 3d.*
Offered a Home.
A. E. Mclnerney, bookseller and sta
tioner, 225G Pacific avenue, Alameda,
called .upon Judge Mogani yesterday and
offered to provide a' home for Albert F.
Uonnell, the nine-year-old boy who was
brutally beaten and driven from home by
his grandmother. Mrs. Eliza Tolman.
Bright street. Ocean View. He told the
Judge that he had read of the boy's case
in the papers and as he and his wife had
no ohildren- they would be willing to
adopt the boy i and give him a good edu
cation. The boy will be brought from the
Boys'- and Girls': Aid Society to court to
day and Mclnerney will apply for letters
of guardianship from Judge Coffey.
Ortega Was Overweight.
JOSE. April 10.-The tight between
Frank McConnell and Jack Ortega did
not come oft at the pavilion to-night as
announced, as Ortega was eight pounds
overweight. A match was then arranged
between Ortega and Burt S. Woods or
Sa J\s a nf ruz> w £° ls ln training for a fight
with Tracy Twenty lively rounds were
fought and it was declared a draw.
Time-» 4. :23% ; %. :4S; %. 1:14Vi.. Bad start. . Won first three driving." Winner. W. B. Slnß
Jr. s b. f.. by imp. Cleveden-Rebecca. Winner away running. With a strong ride Proc
lamation would have walked in first. Hampton almost left. Scratched— Edirardo 102 An
tolnetta 107. Choteau 112, Jolly Briton 112. • ¦ tasiruo m, A n
CONGREGATION SAID
GOOD-BY TO PASTOR
The congregation of the New Jerusalem
Church met In the church parlors last
evening to formally say ¦ "good-by" to
their pastor. Rev. . D. V. Bowen, who Is
about to leave for Boston. A programme
of vocal and Instrumental music In which
Professor Jacobs, • Miss Hazel Bell, the
Misses Bender and Miss Eatelle Carpenter
participated was one of the pleasant feat
ures of the evening. '-''¦"
IO7Q. THIRD RACE: — One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $100.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
IENfFREHOIEiT
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
Buffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
\ arlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It Is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A request to th«»
fitate Medical Institute. 3^ Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you dw-lre one of their free trial pack-
eges will be compiled with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
ereat class tf men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed.- The-
Institute make* no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be pent a free sample,
carefully pealed In a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay.
A visit OR. JORDAN'S great }
Museum of anatomy*
0 C% ic::iar£rrc7.tet.£^s?i.cr.cd. ( i
\': T!f The L»rf«t Anatomical Museum in the
6 ij.Jlj . World Wumpw, at »ny contracted / I
363 fSW d'*e»ie v «Ki»«-l r ennui l>jr the oldest '
£ a*3f*S OR. JQRDAN-PRiVATE DISEASES 4
\ F(FSj«B Co»«ult»tkiO fms and itri'tijr private \
B t i*\i[n Tr " r|n "t personally r* ly letter A 4
\ S W \l X ""*¦"•• <Vr»me»eryc»i.t«nderuk en. T
BW-a IIV »'nte for Book. PaiLOtUPaYtli
W* (I j|~ >«*KBIA*:ii. MAILED FkEB. 'AT
Jk n (L vkjutijte book for ru'ii; i
7 DEL JoItDA.V A t O . 1051 ilarkrt hX.H. F. f
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
»:<?? NOME BEACH
DIRECT.
BARKEICTIN'E CATHERIXE SUDDEN SAILS
APRIL 18. 1900
For freight rates apply to the ' *
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COM PANT.
Offlc*: 4 California eU--
ltM)8. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden tw&- year-old fillies; pume. $*o*>.
CLEVELAND BICYCLES — Roadsters. $40;
racers. tM. Lfavltt & Bill, agents. 309 Larkin.*
Book for Men
Do you want to be strong, to feel the
fire of youthful vigor in your veins? Do
you want to overcome all the evil effects
of past mistakes and make yourself 39
strong as any man of your age can be?
Then send for my 80-page book, full of
truths for men. It tells how my DR.
Mclaughlin electric belt,
the one that does not burn, puts new
fire in the veins of prematurely aged
men. I send this book, closely sealed,
free, upon request. Inclose this aJ.
with letter.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Htrket St.. Cor. Ktaray. 8. T.,
And cor. Spring and Second. Lo» Angeles.
No More Dread of
the _Dental Chair.
T T r f^T3' f f T |-| "Which will you have. th« 4
« ¦-' «-• * 1 1 • comforts of grood teeth, or
the wretched misery. FuiTerlnK and terrlbla
pangs of toothache and broken-down constitu-
tion. cau?ecl by polluted breath from decayed
teeth. And yet many struggle on through life
and allow their teeth to set In this moat de-
plorable condition without seeking the proper
¦ource to have their teeth restored to their
natural condition.
There Is a certain per cent of thnsw* who
are so afflicted who have no other reason ex-
cept putting off going to the dentist until too
Teeth extracted and filled absolutely without
pain by our late scientific methods. No sleep-
produclnur asrents or cocaine. These are the only
Dental Parlors In San Francisco that have tha
patent appliances and InKredlents to extract,
fill and apply {fold crowns and porcelain
crowns, nndetectable from natural teeth and
warranted for ten years, without the least par-
ticle of pain. Oold crowns and teeth without
plates, jrold fillings and all other dental worls
; done minlessly and by specialists.
Gold Crowns. $5: Full Set Teeth,
$5; Bridge work, 85; Gold Fill*,
ings, $1 up; Silver Fillings, soc.
NO PLATES f^^^
We are making a specialty of gold crown and
bridge work; the most beautiful, painless and
durable of all dental work known to the pro-
fession. Our name alone will be a ruarantea
that your work will be of the best. We have a
specialist In each department. Best operators
best gold workmen and extractors of;teeth: in
fact, all the staff are Inventors of modern den-
tistry. We will tell you In advance exactly
what your work will cost by free examination.
Give U3 a call and you will find we do exactly
as we advertise.
New York Dental Parlors,
HISTORY BUILDINO, 7?3 MARKET ST.
(Portland Office— Fourth and Morrison streets.)
Hours: 8 to 8; Sundays 10 to 4.
Specialists for- 'Men.
CCN-ST-LTATTON- AND ADVICE FREE.
731 MARKET ST.. San Francl3oo.
B3 lytfHJ aWk \iM *¦ ttf — ~^^ijH
ji A PERMANENT CURE* 1
» «frw' ob>tlna *e case* of Gonorrha. ?
2 Sv. • S?* Ksaranteed In from 3 to 6 <
$ day. ; no other^treatment required. <
2 " Sold by all druggists. -' ¦ >
FIRST CHOICE
WINS THE OAKS
IN A CANTER
Belle of Orleans Gallops
Home Over a Muddy
Played Off the Boards by the Mc-
Cafferty Brothers and. the
Ring Is Given a
Scorching.
MEMPHIS. April 10.— The Tennessee
Oaks, for three-year-old fillies, at one
mile, was won at Montgomery Park to
day by J. J. McCafferty's Belle of Or
leans, by Longstreet-West Anna. In tha
easiest sort of fashion, from Barrica.
Brownie Anderson finished third. Rain
began falling during the early morning
and the track was very heavy. When the
first race was called a perfect torrent
deluged the grand stand and the 2000 per
sons present sought refuge in the betting
ring.
The Oaks was the fourth race on the
programme and seven of the eight carded
to start last night accepted the issue.
Belle of Orleans whs always the favorite,
although a strong play on Brownie An
derson at the end forced her price to less
than 2. Little can be said of the race it
self. To a good start Belle of Orleans
raced to the front and, staying there to
the end, won in a gallop by a dozen
lengths from I. C. Cahn's Barrica, which
beat Brownie Anderson a length for the
place.
The McCafferty brothers . "burned up
the ring" on the favorite, backing her
from twos to less than even money. Re
sults:
Six furlongs, selling— Sir Blalze won. Shll-
Hnßburn second. Free Hand third. Time. 1:20.
Mile and seventy yards, selling— The Roman
won. Chopin second. Jimp third. Time. 1:304
Four and a half furlonys— Harry Pullam
won. The Elk second. Denman Thompson third.
Time, :SS.
The Tennessee Oaks, one mile— Belle of Or
leans won. Karrica oecond. Brownie Andermon
third. Time. 1:47%.
Half a mile, purse — Th*> Mecca won. Lady
Schorr second, Madame Gene third. Time. :s*.
Six furlonss. pplMntr — Braw Lad won. Tlldy
Ann second. Alpaca third. Time, 1:13.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Results at
Bennings:
Six furlongs — Sidney Lucas won. First Whip
second. Rough Rider third. Time. 1:16.
Half a mile — Anecdote won. Infallible second.
Screech third. Time. :50 1-5.
Handicap, two and a half miles — Blark Jimmy
won, St. Samuel second, Baby Bill third.
Time. 5:23 2-5.
Seven furlongs — Hold Up won. Sir Fltzhusrh
second. MouseltolT third. Time. 1:31.
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Tony Honing
won, Th<» Jefferson second. Double Dummy
third. Time. 1:51.
CHAMPION JEFFRIES
AND M'COY TO MEET
Californian Agrees to Meet the
"Kid" and They Are Likely
to Fight Next
Autumn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 10. — Indications
point to an early match between Jeffries,
heavy-weight champion pugilist of the
world, and "Kid" McCoy. Through his
manager, William A. Brady, Jeffries an
nounced to-day that he would make a
match with the "Kid" irrespective of the
outcome of the "Kid's" battle with Shar
key. scheduled to take place at Coney
Island on June 25. Brady said that Jef
fries, who has made up his mind to do
considerable fighting during the summer
months, would give all pugilists and as
pirants for the heavy-weight boxing
championship an opportunity to meet him
In the roned arena.
Jeffries, who is now in training for his
contest with Corbett at Asbury Park, is
in very good physical, condition. He la
being trained for his contest with Cor
bett by Tommy Ryan and Jack Jeffries.
McCoy, when informed of Jeffs state
ment in regard to making a match with
him, said:
"It is the ambition of my life to don
the gloves with Jeffries in a prize ring.
I think I can beat the Californian and
I am ready to sign articles for a match
immediately, the battle to take place
prior to September 1, before one of the
local clubs.
It is very probable that Brady, on be
half of Jeffries, will sign articles with
the "Kid" on Saturday.
Vardon Too Clever for Dunn.
NEW YORK. April 10.— Harry Vardon,
the open champion golfer of Great Brit
ain, had an feasy task set for him when
he met Willie Dunn, a former champion
of the United States,. in a 36-hole open ex
hibition match to-day. 'The game was
played over the links of the Scarsdale
Oolf Club, Hartsdale, N. V., and Vardon
won by 12 up with 10 to play. The men
played out the bye holes and at the end
of the thirty-sixth the Englishman -was
just up.
Easy Victory for Walcott.
BALTIMORE, April 10.— Joe Walcott
knocked out Dick Moore of St. Paul In
four rounds before the Eureka Athletic
Club in this city to-night. Moore had to
bo assisted to his dressing-room and sev
eral minutes elapsed before he fully re
covered his faculties.
DRUMMER FOR A
JEWELRY HOUSE
LOSES TREASURE
Suspected Thief Behind Bars
at California-Street
H. I. Stewart, Resident of the Palace
Hotel, Falls Victim of a Man
and Woman on the Bar
bary Coast.
Tony Felton. a shady character, was ar
rested last night at 10 o'cl6ck by Ser
geant Christiansen and Police Officer
Handley and held at the California-street
station on suspicion of being a party Im
plicated in the daring robbery of H. I.
Stewart, a prominent "drummer for a New
York jewelry house, on Barbary Coast
Sunday night. A charge of vagrancy was
placed against the man. but this was sim
ply for the purpose of detaining him until
the officers can get more light on the case.
When arrested Felton had " a bottle of
knockout drops in his possession.
Shortly alter midnight on Sunday
Stewart, somewhat intoxicated, wandered
over Barbary Coast. He was a stranger
in the city and had rooms at the Palace
Hotel. After ho had gone for some dis
tance he claims that a woman pulled him
Into a room and closed the door. Sdon
afterward a male accomplice entered and
gave battle to the drummer. He severely
assaulted him nnd then robbed him- of an
overcoat, ICO In gold coin and several val
uable sample watches. which ho had In hia
possession.
As soon as possible Stewart escaped
from the room and gained the street, nut
all trace of the pair was gone. The po
lice have since been working on the mat
ter, and last night arrested Felton as be
ing the accomplice of the woman. The
woman herself !s well known on Barbary
Coast, but since the robbery has disap
peared. Stewart Is anxious to recover the
sample watches, as he says they are very
expensive and cannot be duplicated.
YACHT ASSOCIATION
WILL STILL EXIST
OAKLAND, April 10.— The California
Yacht Club will not withdraw from the
Pacific Coast Interclub Yacht Association.
This course of action definitely decided
upon at a meeting of the California Club
members held this evening means that the
association will be granted a lease of life
for another season, as the Encinal Yacht
Club had determined to folldw the lead
taken by the Callforrflas. Withdrawal of
these clubs would- have ended the asso-
elation.
Dissatisfaction on the part of the Cali
fornia and the Encinal Yacht clubs arose
from the fact that while the principal ben
efit derived from membership In the as
sociation was the privilege of racing for
the Macdonough cup, the yachts entered
have to be In the 30-foot class, and neither
club has such a yachti Membership thus
costs about $40 a season, for which there
was no return even In sport.
Ex-Commodore Clay reported to-night
that he had been assured the dues for the
season hereafter would be restricted to
$10. This fact taken In connection with
the probability that hereafter the gift of
Macdonough will take the form of several
trophies induced the club to remain a
member of the association.
The club also took the Initiatory step
to-night toward arranging for the "low
links to be held on the evening of the
28th Inst. In celebration of the opening of
the yachting season by appointing the fol
lowing committees: Entertainment— J.
Kelly, J. J. HannlQn, S. Marshal. L. G.
Wakeman, A. M. Clay; house— J. J.
Sherry, J. T. Carrier, A. M. Clay; cater
ing—L G. Wakeman, Commodore E. N.
Walters; electric display— Henry de la
Montanya, A. C. de Witt, J. J. Grlmsey;
transportation— A. K. Glbbs.
ALBERT SIMONS
GETS POTENTE
AT A BARGAIN
Claims the Useful Performer
From a Selling Race
at Tanforan.
— * —
'•Boots" Durnell Retaliates by Tak-
ing Lothian Under Similar Con
ditions — Favorites Again
Suffer Reverses.
9
¦ After refusing several flattering offers
for Potente "Boot?" Durnell had the mis
fortune to lose his useful son of Racine
und^r claiming cla-ise rule In a selling
rac* at Tanforan Park yesterday. Second
choice to Catastrophe in the betting on the
mile and a sixteenth run. Potente finished
in the pL&oeJ with Orion third. The latter
, hor*=e : : s owned by All*>rt Simons, and that
' horeenmn lc«;t no time in placing a claim
In the hand? of the secretary for Potente,
recurir.g the useful performer for ?-S2j.
Som<» weeks back Darnel] refused an offer
of $275" for the racer, which makes Si
mons' bargain look not a bad cne. "Boots"
was not long without another horse to
' occupy the vacant stall, for he claimed
Lothian, an "also ran" in the same race,
for the amount obtained for Potente.
Favorites sufferi-d another disastrous
run of luck, Catastrophe Ix-tng the only
. one to get home in the lead. Sacharoid
«a« the star long shot, landing at odds of
£0 to I.
everybody expected to pee Corrigan's
. f printer St. Casimir returned an easy
winner of the Jive furlong spin. Leading
. to the etrftch the faint-hearted "crab"
v.as led over tli«* line by Trut* H'.ue. a 13
to 1 shot, well ridden by Ross. Ella Bo
land, which ran in the colors of Burns &
Waterhouse. was third.
Barney Sfhreiber's filly Merida closed
favorite over BavasM for the two-year
old Bcranable, but giiting away poorly
did not finish among the lirst three. Soon
showing in front; Sacharoid. a Th) to 1 shot,
ridden by liozfrr.an. won driving from
Sublime.
If>nl!ne. owned by Willie Sink, nosed out
the 9 to 5 choice Fidel Youlin In the
fourth chapter of hard luck. A flying
ftart contributed to the success of the 2'»
to 1 outFidtr. which lasted just long
• enough to earn the decision. Proclama
' titn. thf show hors«\ could have won
! 5 it. a*; In Height 6 ft. IV^ in. |
«?> 152 pounds Weight 150 pounds <s>
I 72 inches Reach 72 inches \
<£> 38 inches Chest 3»H Inches <?>
40<4 inches. .Chest expanded. .42^4 Inches I
4> 16 inches Neck,.. 15 >£ inches <&
V.\i inches Biceps 13% inches 1
<*> .11 inches Waist 30 Inches <S>
[ 21»i inches Thigh 21H Inches |
Q 15 Inches Calf 1B»4 Inches Q
Should Neill win he will be able to adt*
to his present title that of champion mid
dle-weight boxer of Australia, which Mur
phy now holds. Neill is training at the
Terminal, corner of Halght and Stanyan
streets, while Murphy has chosen tha
Casino, a quiet retreat on the e<lge off
Golden Gate" Park, opposite Strawberry
Hill.
whlch Is a shade above the normal weight
of each of them. The match being of so
much importance from a pugilistic point
of view, the bout will be held In Mechan
ics' Pavilion to accommodate all the spec
tators who may wish to attend. The date
is the 27th inst. - The affair will
be managed by the National Athletic
Club.
There is hardly a shade of difference be
tween the two men except in height,
where Murphy has two Inches the better
of Neill. Their reach, or spread of arms
from tip to tip. is the same — seventy-two
inches. Nelll has half an Inch greater
chest measurement and can expand four
Inches, while Murphy contents himself
with an expansion of two inches. Al-
though a casual observer would pronounce
the Australian lighter In the waist than
his opponent, the tape shows only an Inch
more to the credit of Nelll than to Mur
phy. There Is only a shade difference in
their underpinning, both possessing legs
sufficiently sturdy to carry them in safety
through the severest of contests.
The men are to box at 134 "pounds,
duced there in recent years. His name Is
bracketed with those of Fitzsimmons and
Hal], who were once in the middle-weight
class, and with Jackson, the peerless
heavy-weight, as the best of the great
boxers developed In the colonies. The
comparative measurements of the boxers,
piven herewith, show how closely matched
are the rival middle-weights. They are
as follows:
V.RMAMEXT OF XEILL, THE HARD-HITTING CALIFORNIAN
WHAT MURPHY DEPENDS UPON FOR ATTACK AND DEFENSE.
FROM THE LATEST PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE GLADIATORS BY BUSHNELL.
BOXERS NEILL AND AUSTRALIAN TIM MURPHY IN STRICT TRAINING.
AL ICEIL.L.. the popular Californian
boxer ari'i middle-weight champion
Of the Pacific Coast . has settled
down to Ftrin training for what
promises to be the most notable en
papemt-m In hi* ring career— that
with Tim Murphy. From the accounts
which have rr.-ichc-d this country from the
antipodes Murphy ,5s the4>est boxer pro-
MIDDLE-WEIGHT CHAMPIONS PREPARING FOR BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WBDy IiSDAY, APRIL 11, 1000.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright. 1900.
by H. H. Egbert
TANFORAN PARK. Tuesday, April 10. 1900.— Weather fine. Track fast.
Time— U. :24<4: %. :49<4. Good start. Won first three driving;. Winner. A. Wright & Co.'s
b. f.. by- Imp. The Judge-Sacharissa. Sacharoid played in luck. Merida away poorly. Ada
N can do bolter:, so can Oirly Ducat and Bavassa. Scratched— iAirayo ,113. location 103.
lO<M>. SECOND RACE— Five furloncs; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400
Time-Vi, :12; %. :&V t : %. 1:00. Oood start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. Appleby
& Co.' s eh. g., by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. Henry tried rating St. Casimlr with flattering
results. Theory a bit short. Alas weakly ridden. Scratched— Lady Helolse 104. • ¦ ¦
Time-Vi. :28; H. :5<H4: %.*1:15%; mile. 1:41%. Ooo<l start. Won easily. B econd and third
driving;. W inner. J. Carroll sb. k.. by Imp. Midlothian-Misfortune. Winner only galloped.
Morln^l macte up a deal of ground through the stretch. I-othlan ran a wretched race. Dona-»
tornultenriy^Scratched— Opponent 107, ¦ Socialist 107. Pnorlands 103. £i
1071. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; gelling; threp-year-olda; purse, $400.
1072. FIFTH RACE-One mile and an eighth; four-year-olds and upward; purse, MOO.
JO7X SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward; purse, $400. -
Tlme-tt. :13; %. :39: % I:<H%: % . l:30U: rnilj.. H42?i: l>4m. l:My t . Goo.l start. Won first three
driving. Winner. J. Coffey s eh. m.. by Imp. Charaxus-EthJe. Thera^was no pace, and
Kosinante outfooted Flamora last furlong. ¦•¦.¦¦•¦¦-...• ; .
4
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
1052 Sacharold 11l V
559 Sublime .' 103 8
1057 Aphrodin 103 4
983 .Mertda 103 9
1052 Ravages 119 7
10T.2 OHril<»e 103 G
1037 Undergrowth 103 12
1052 Ada N ...107 1
1062 Too Hot 103 11
939 Pebltlck 11l 13
K9 Faenza ....107 2
1015 Glrly Ducat 106 3
1052 Imponente 107 10
.... Plcklow 115 H
__U
_jL
%
1 3
2 2
4 h
8 2
6 h
5 1
10 2
12 10
9 %
11 2
8 1
7 1
13 2
14
Str.
Fin.
1 1
2 1
3 h
• 4 %
5 1
6 2
7 h
S 1
9 1
10
11
12
13
14
I Betting.
I Jockey. |Op. C\.
Bozeman 20 50
Buchanan .... 4 8
J. Daly 6 10
Henry 3 11-5
I. Powell 2 13-5
Ames 6 15
Mounce 12 SO
Helnson 6 8
Morgan 15 30
E. llosh 8 15
H. Stuart 30 100
O'Brien 6 15
N. Hill 10 15
J. Woods 10 50
Index. Horge. Age.
(1011) Truelilup. 6..
(9M) St. Casimlr. 3.
1015 Ella Boland, 3
7i>9 Theory. 4
(IMS) Alas. S
1045 Mountebank, ;
9*H Pldalla. 3
1038 Bona, 3
— John Dare. 5..
C.
3..
.Velght-ISt.
11l 4
106 2
94 7
106 1
94 6.
...... 96 3
39 6
94 8
......106 9
k
H
1 1
6 2
3 2
5 M
4 h
7 %
n
8 4
__%
22
l H
4 1
3 h
6 4
52
7 4
9
8 2
Str
2~2
1 n
4 4
3 n
5 2
62
7 4
8 3
9
Fin. | Jockey. |Op.
1 n E. Ross 7
2 4 Henry 7-G
3 >/i Ranch 3
4 2 Knos 6
5 6 Ix>Rue ¦¦ 5
6 4 Hassinger .... 1"
7 6 Cannelt 100
8 8 Mounce 100
.9 Bozernan 50
Cl.
15
3-2
3
5
6
15
300
300
100
lr\dex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
987 Catastrophe. 6 112 3
1022 Potente, 5 112 5
V).M Orion, a 107 1
945 Morlnel. 4 105 8
I<M2 Colonel Root. 5 107 6
(10SR) I^thlan. 4 103 9
1023 Don Luis, 5 JO7 2
915 Jockey Bill, 5 107 4
10r>3 Donator, !k 107 7
85(i Cromwell, a 110 10
14
2 2
3 h
1 1
9 8
6 4
8 2
* Vi
7 Vi
B 1
10
V&
lh
5 1
2 1
8 3
fl 3
7 3
3 h
9 6
4 Vi
10
%
13
8 1
2 2
5 14
7 4
.42'
9 10
6 2
1()
Str.
1 4
2 4
3 4
6 Vi
5 1
7 3
* •*.
9 2
8 1
10
Fin. | Jockey. |Op.
1 3 Henry 8-5
2 8 Huchanan .... 4 '
3 2 13. H0p5........ 20
4 h J. Woods 10 ,
6 '/a Bozeman 50 -
fi V 4 I. Powell. 3
7 3 Morgan .' 8
8 6 O'Brien 100
9 2 Hanch C
10 ' | Ames ".. 10
Cl.
9-5
3
-- 50
20
10i)
7-2
20
20<>
12
30
1 l ! de s: _ Horse. Weight. I St.
~1016 Isallne 100 2
(lf>2fi) Fidel Youltn 103 3
U002) Proclamation 106 S
873 Tizona 102- 1
(1031) OuFto 112 4
1035 Matt HoKan 109 6
1050 Maydine 100 10
1040 Kurdock 102 8
IC3S Fernet 105 9
(10SO) Sir Hampton 105 11
9SI Silver Tail ... w.,109 7
%_
H
4 H
3 h
2 h
1 2
10 15
8 1
9 4
11
¦7 1
% Str.
2h 2 H
31 1 h
4 2" 3 h
11 4 2
6 1 6 1,
52 6 3
72 7 2
9 30 8 4
8 1 9 20
10 10 .
Hroke down
Fin. | Jockey. |Op.
Ins ftuchana*n ....
2 2 Henry 6-5
3 M I^offue 5
4 2 H.isslncor .... 8
6 4 Mounce 20
6 1 Morgan 10
7 3 Postol 10
8 5 J. W00d5...... 60.
915 OTlrien 30
10 Uaneh 5
I. P0we11...... 8
_Cl.
20
9-5
9-2
7
40
15
23
60
60
6
13
Index. Horse. Axe. Weight. |Bt.
1023) Roxlnante, S 103 1
1041) Flamora. 3 . 89 2
(961) Chlmura, 4 9<> 3
1049 Tom Calvert. 6......105 4
c
Vi
2 2
1 n .
3 8
• 4
2 1
1 1
3 10
4
3 20
1 14
2 V 4
Str.
2 1
1 4
3 20
4
Ftn. | Jockey. IQp- Cl
IVi J. W00d5...... 1 3-;
2 1 Hanch 1 6-i
320 Henry 5
4 Buchanan.... 30 2Ci
inoex. iiorse. Age, weignt. i^si.
1044 Croker. 4 98 6
970 Fashion Plate, a.. ..106 10 k
1019 He Happy, 5...; 105 4 '
101S Fille d' Or. 3......... S9 2
1056 Henry C. 6 ....105 9
1024 Defiance. 4 113 5
1067 Los Prletos. 5 102 8
1<>.".6 Musculado. a 109 3
1056 Ace, a ....... .T.... V..10T 11
9C3 Retfn'd Hughes. S.. 83 7
1085 March Seven. 3..... 81 1
1003 Grady. a 120 12
v*
fi 2
.7 l-
im
10 %
4 2
8 H
5 h
»9 4
11 h
1 H
12
H__
EH
6
3 hi
1 1
9 h
4 3
«H
7 h
10 H
.11 1
2 1
J2
% Str. Fin. | Jockey. . JQp. Cl.
:* ?,;;'••• Hi Fauntleroy ... 4 5
6*4 ... 24 Henry ......... 2 5-3
3" ... 3h Bozeman . 10 7
If , ••• 4 1 Logue ......... 10 15
7 H ••• : ¦¦ 5 % Buchanan .... > 4 6
6 3 ... 6 1 Cannell ....... SO 100
81 ... 7 Heinson 3 5
9H ... 8 2 Ames ......... 8 20
Jl2 ... »H • Morgan ....... 8 15
10 2 ... 10 W. Murphy... 50 200
,3h , ... v J.Daly -15 30
12 ... 12 E.Ross.. 8 "20
1 l ! de s: _ Horse. Weight. I St.
~1016 Isallne 100 2
(lf>2fi) Fidel Youltn 103 3
U002) Proclamation 106 S
873 Tizona 102- 1
(1031) OuFto 112 4
1035 Matt HoKan 109 6
1050 Maydine 100 10
1040 Kurdock 102 8
IC3S Fernet 105 9
(10SO) Sir Hampton 105 11
9SI Silver Tail ... w.,109 7
%_
H
4 H
3 h
2 h
1 2
10 15
8 1
9 4
11
¦7 1
% Str.
2h 2 H
31 1 h
4 2" 3 h
11 4 2
6 1 6 1,
52 6 3
72 7 2
9 30 8 4
8 1 9 20
10 10 .
Hroke down
Fin. | Jockey. |Op.
Ins ftuchana*n ....
2 2 Henry 6-5
3 M I^offue 5
4 2 H.isslncor .... 8
6 4 Mounce 20
6 1 Morgan 10
7 3 Postol 10
8 5 J. W00d5...... 60.
915 OTlrien 30
10 Uaneh 5
I. P0we11...... 8
_Cl.
20
9-5
9-2
7
40
15
23
60
60
6
13
Index. Horge. Age.
(1011) Truelilup. 6..
(9M) St. Casimlr. 3.
1015 Ella Boland, 3
7i>9 Theory. 4
(IMS) Alas. S
1045 Mountebank, ;
9*H Pldalla. 3
1038 Bona, 3
— John Dare. 5..
C.
3..
.Velght-ISt.
11l 4
106 2
94 7
106 1
94 6.
...... 96 3
39 6
94 8
......106 9
k
H
1 1
6 2
3 2
5 M
4 h
7 %
n
8 4
__%
22
l H
4 1
3 h
6 4
52
7 4
9
8 2
Str
2~2
1 n
4 4
3 n
5 2
62
7 4
8 3
9
Fin. | Jockey. |Op.
1 n E. Ross 7
2 4 Henry 7-G
3 >/i Ranch 3
4 2 Knos 6
5 6 Ix>Rue ¦¦ 5
6 4 Hassinger .... 1"
7 6 Cannelt 100
8 8 Mounce 100
.9 Bozernan 50
Cl.
15
3-2
3
5
6
15
300
300
100
lr\dex. Horse. Age. Weight. |St.
987 Catastrophe. 6 112 3
1022 Potente, 5 112 5
V).M Orion, a 107 1
945 Morlnel. 4 105 8
I<M2 Colonel Root. 5 107 6
(10SR) I^thlan. 4 103 9
1023 Don Luis, 5 JO7 2
915 Jockey Bill, 5 107 4
10r>3 Donator, !k 107 7
85(i Cromwell, a 110 10
14
2 2
3 h
1 1
9 8
6 4
8 2
* Vi
7 Vi
B 1
10
V&
lh
5 1
2 1
8 3
fl 3
7 3
3 h
9 6
4 Vi
10
%
13
8 1
2 2
5 14
7 4
.42'
9 10
6 2
1()
Str.
1 4
2 4
3 4
6 Vi
5 1
7 3
* •*.
9 2
8 1
10
Fin. | Jockey. |Op.
1 3 Henry 8-5
2 8 Huchanan .... 4 '
3 2 13. H0p5........ 20
4 h J. Woods 10 ,
6 '/a Bozeman 50 -
fi V 4 I. Powell. 3
7 3 Morgan .' 8
8 6 O'Brien 100
9 2 Hanch C
10 ' | Ames ".. 10
Cl.
9-5
3
-- 50
20
10i)
7-2
20
20<>
12
30
inoex. iiorse. Age, weignt. i^si.
1044 Croker. 4 98 6
970 Fashion Plate, a.. ..106 10 k
1019 He Happy, 5...; 105 4 '
101S Fille d' Or. 3......... S9 2
1056 Henry C. 6 ....105 9
1024 Defiance. 4 113 5
1067 Los Prletos. 5 102 8
1<>.".6 Musculado. a 109 3
1056 Ace, a ....... .T.... V..10T 11
9C3 Retfn'd Hughes. S.. 83 7
1085 March Seven. 3..... 81 1
1003 Grady. a 120 12
v*
fi 2
.7 l-
im
10 %
4 2
8 H
5 h
»9 4
11 h
1 H
12
H__
EH
6
3 hi
1 1
9 h
4 3
«H
7 h
10 H
.11 1
2 1
J2
% Str. Fin. | Jockey. . JQp. Cl.
:* ?,;;'••• Hi Fauntleroy ... 4 5
6*4 ... 24 Henry ......... 2 5-3
3" ... 3h Bozeman . 10 7
If , ••• 4 1 Logue ......... 10 15
7 H ••• : ¦¦ 5 % Buchanan .... > 4 6
6 3 ... 6 1 Cannell ....... SO 100
81 ... 7 Heinson 3 5
9H ... 8 2 Ames ......... 8 20
Jl2 ... »H • Morgan ....... 8 15
10 2 ... 10 W. Murphy... 50 200
,3h , ... v J.Daly -15 30
12 ... 12 E.Ross.. 8 "20
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
1052 Sacharold 11l V
559 Sublime .' 103 8
1057 Aphrodin 103 4
983 .Mertda 103 9
1052 Ravages 119 7
10T.2 OHril<»e 103 G
1037 Undergrowth 103 12
1052 Ada N ...107 1
1062 Too Hot 103 11
939 Pebltlck 11l 13
K9 Faenza ....107 2
1015 Glrly Ducat 106 3
1052 Imponente 107 10
.... Plcklow 115 H
__U
_jL
%
1 3
2 2
4 h
8 2
6 h
5 1
10 2
12 10
9 %
11 2
8 1
7 1
13 2
14
Str.
Fin.
1 1
2 1
3 h
• 4 %
5 1
6 2
7 h
S 1
9 1
10
11
12
13
14
I Betting.
I Jockey. |Op. C\.
Bozeman 20 50
Buchanan .... 4 8
J. Daly 6 10
Henry 3 11-5
I. Powell 2 13-5
Ames 6 15
Mounce 12 SO
Helnson 6 8
Morgan 15 30
E. llosh 8 15
H. Stuart 30 100
O'Brien 6 15
N. Hill 10 15
J. Woods 10 50
Index. Horse. Axe. Weight. |Bt.
1023) Roxlnante, S 103 1
1041) Flamora. 3 . 89 2
(961) Chlmura, 4 9<> 3
1049 Tom Calvert. 6......105 4
c
Vi
2 2
1 n .
3 8
• 4
2 1
1 1
3 10
4
3 20
1 14
2 V 4
Str.
2 1
1 4
3 20
4
Ftn. | Jockey. IQp- Cl
IVi J. W00d5...... 1 3-;
2 1 Hanch 1 6-i
320 Henry 5
4 Buchanan.... 30 2CiOUT APRIL 15, 1900.
PA^TPR P^^ ' m Colors.
E*i\D 1 Ely 9 Full-Page Illustrations.
SUNDAY Every Page a Perfect Gem*
y^ yy j t Every Story Gne of Human Interest*
;>4*A' f\ <? ORDER NOW. ORDER NOW. ORDER NOW.
PAWNED TOO MUCH "OLD GOLD."
BENJAMIN C. BERGEN, a weigher
In the United States Branch Mint,
•was arrested last evening by De
tectives Ryan and O'Dea as he was
entering the Zinkand. Cafe. He -will be
turned over to the Federal authorities this
morning and will be charged with robbing
the Mint.
It is claimed that the young man, who
ccrr.es from a good family, has been sys
tematically stealing gold bullion from the
weighers' department for several years,
end it is estimated that he has robbed
the Government of many thousand dol
lars.
Bergen operated eo cleverly that his
thieving has puzzled the Mint officials
ever since it was discovered that buluon
v.as disappearing at a rate that was glv-
Sr.g alarm. As a weigher he bandied the
Fold samples before they were filed away.
With the aid of a pair of Jeweler's shears
or "snippers," used by the weighers, he
pinched off small particles from nearly
every sample that he handled. He con
cealed these bits of bullion In old en
velopes. The amount taken from each
bar was go small that the loss was not
easily detected, but in the aggregate his
flaily stealings amounted to considerable.
When he was arrested he had several en
velopes containing particles of gold in his
pocket.
D;tected by Accident.
Bergen's detection was. In a measure, a
matter of accident. Superintendent Leach
had been much worried over the unex
plained disappearance of bullion from the
Mint and employed Detective Harry
Morse to locate the culprit. A represen
tative of the latter's agency has been
working on the case for some time, but
without success.'
A few days ago Detectives Ryan and
ODea of the Southern Police Station,
v.hose duty it is to visit pawnshops in
quest of stolen articles, marveled at the
Weekly Call^l.oo per Year
Invitation Extended to All.
The opening of the Bee Hive Shoe Co.
will take place to-morrow.', A special of
fering ladles' Vlcl kid lace shoes, vesting
and kid top, neat coin toe, flexible sole,
worth $3 50 for 12 25 a pair at . the : Bee
Hive. 717 Market street, near Third. •
TENTS AND «. OVERS.
r : :vi!.LE & CO.. manufacturers, bags, teats.
ccvers. 21 and 22 CallXornl* it-
Lecture on Evil and Reform.
A free lecture will be given under the
auspices of Liberty Eranch, Social Demo
cratlc party of America, in the Temple.
H7 Turk street, by Mlfs Nicholson, this
evening. Its subject will be "Social Evil
and Reform." The public is Invited.
Oppression, Suffocation, Ksnralgia, etc., cured bj
ESPIG'S CIGAREnES, or .POWDER
P*.-U. i. E3?IC ; Siw Tuk, S. FOCSIZA * CO
SOU> BT AUL DRUGGIoTdI
Sunset Limited Discontinued.
The Sunset Limited train service of the
Southern Pacific Company will be discon
tinued after this month. During the win
ter these trains have left here seral-week
ly for New Orleans on Tuesdays and Fri
days. Only two more trains will be run,
enc on the 17th and the other on the 24th.
The flood!" in Texas have caused some
delay to Sunset trains on the Atlantic
system, where there have been several
washouts. The train which should have
reached here three days ago did not get
here until yesterday morning. It came
through Texaa over the Houston and
Texas Central and the Texas and Pacific
to El Paso.
FUWS.
Ftrri coats and v.ouzh for cape nome.
AX.TJEHT nOEFLJCH. 116 Grant aye.
Demands of Business Men.
At a meeting of the Chamber of Com
merce yesterday resolutions were passed
favoring the Congressional bill creating a
forest reserve at Lake Tahoe; also for the
dredging of Oakland harbor, and for the
Hawaiian bill, which provides that the
navigation laws take effect at once. The
latter bill requires that lnterlsland traffic
be In American bottoms. „ The chamber
will represent to the Western Representa
tives at Washington that there are plenty
of American vessels to take care of all
the trade at the islands.
PLATES rOY SAVING OOLn.
fr^!l»»v:n & BurrliKt. S H«rdl« pUc*. cR
Krzrr.y. Nrw«n Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. HELL. C«rrr»! rmtlrc Works, ill MU-
»icn *t.. 6. F. Phone Jr*sl* JCI.
i.rnniCATixn r>:i Crodt *w «m Ossoiin*.
EN'nCM * MrGUFFICIC H st>»*r rt.. 3. V.
EARLY DELINQUENT
TAX ROLL FAVORED
Supervisors' Printing Committee Will
Recommend Immediate Action to
Prevent Sales to the State. ¦JBSJ
The Supervisors' Printing Committee
decided .to recommend to the board that
the delinquent tax list be published at
an earlier date than has been the custom
heretofore. Deputy Tax Collector Salo
mon explained that if the list was got
out early it would save expense to the
city, because the sale of property for de
linquent tuxes to the State would be
greater if the llf.t was delayed. On ac
count of errors made In the records of
the former Tax Collector the taxpayers
would be anxious to investigate the de
linquent roll.
It was further decided that a large dis
tribution of the roll should be made in
order to give the public an opportunity
to settle delinquencies before making
Bales to the State. The City Attorney
will be requested to decide whether the
official advertising includes the publish
ing of the delinquent roll or whether the
contract must be let independently to a
daily newspaper having at least SOQP cir
culation.
MATTFSO>'S SLUICE WASHER.
J>3-.C tcm. rifSe* nnd carpet combined >am
r!a«-«T cold. VAN WIXKLK. 4U Uarket st.
OOLD SEPARATOR.
iIARSIIALL Gold 6»rtrs Ms.cbln«>. 229 i* o i_
•csi «tr»»t. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
MESSENGERS BORE
HIM TO THE GRAVE
Impressive Funeral of Andrew Lay-
den, Who Was Stabbed to Death
by Young Wayne Harris.
The funeral of Andrew Layden, the mes-
Eenger boy who died last Saturday morn-
Ing from the effects of wounds inflicted by
Wayne Harris, another messenger boy,
took place yesterday noon from the un
dertaker's. The services were simple but
impressive. The striking feature of the
occasion was the presence of a large num
ber of the fellow messengers of the dead
lad. The pallbearers were all messenger
boys in the full uniform of the A. D. T.
There were many floral offerings. The
body was interred in Holy Cross Ceme
tery. The dead boy was 22 years of age.
The Coroner's Jury yesterday In the In
quest on the body of Andrew Layden, the
messenger boy who died on. April 7 from
the effects of a knife wound inflicted by
Wayne Harris, rendered a verdict charg
ing Harris with manslaughter.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
5 a Operation DeJlr. <2S Sixth Stre*L
BYRON JACKSON.
great amount of "old gold" that the
registers of several three-ball establish
ments showed had been pledged by "J. B.
Smith" and "J. R. Hans."
Suspecting that it was the fruit of the
robbery of Jewelry stores or dental of
fices, they took samples and visited near
ly all of the leading establishments of the
city. They were told that the quality of
the gold was far finer than that used in
the manufacture of Jewelry or the plug
ging of teeth. The matter was then re
ported to Chief Sullivan, who told the de
tectives that Superintendent Leach of the
Mint had complained that the institution
was being systematically robbed. Mr.
Leach at once pronounced the gold bul
lion of the same quality used in making
Uncle Sam's coin. Receipts given the
pawnbrokers by "Hans" and "Smith"
were at once recognized as being in the
handwriting of a Mint employe.
The detectives got a good description of
the man and ascertained that "Smith"
and "Hans" were one and the same.
Yesterday when the Mint employes were
leaving work Ryan and ODea watcbed
the line and picked Bergen as the man
wanted. They followed him up Market
street, to reassure themselves that they
had made no mistake, and as he was
abcrut to enter a saloon, placed him under
arrest. He was somewhat startled, but
pulled himself tog-ether and put on a bold
front. He stoutly proclaimed his inno
cence, denied he had signed the receipts
which le<l to his detection and declared
the whole affair was a case of mistaken
Identity. He was taken to Haslhall's
pawnshop, 10 Sixtji street, where he was
Identified by the proprietor rs the man
who had been pledging bullion at his
place for many months.
Evidence of Guilt.
TvTien taken before Chief Sullivan Ber
gen declined to talk until he had seen his
attorney, Henry C. McPike. On his way
down to 'the tanks" he voluntarily pulled
the en\'elopes from his pocket, containing
chips of gold similar to those found in the
pawnshops, and handed them to the of
ficers.
After a long consultation with his attor
ney Bergen declined to make any state
ment for publication. At a Third street
pawnshop it was found that he had real
ized SS2 SO on "old gold." while the Sixth
street shop purchased to the extent of
$130. The detectives state that nearly
every large pawnshop In the city has
some of the stolen bullion.
The prisoner is a son of Attorney Benja
min F. Bergen of MKKJVi Broadway. Oak
land, and has been employed In the Mint
for the past six years as weigher at a sal
ary of 1125 a month. He Is married, re
sides in East Oakland and has a family.
Among his fellow employes Bergen does
not bear a good reputation. It has been
known that he has been playing the races
extensively, and in order to keep up the
pace borrowed money from every one who
was foolish enough to loan It to him. He
was an Inveterate gambler and inclined to
be an all-around sport.
OAKLAND. April 10.— Superintendent
Frank A.' Leach was seen at his residence,
iAI Hobart street, Oakland, this evening,
and F.iid:
"About a year ago it was drawn to my
attention that chip gold, as taken from
bars by the assayers, was being sold to
pawnshops. 1 investigated this matter.at
the time, but was unable to learn any
thing because the pawnbrokers refused to
permit me to see the gold they had
bought. Last week I heard of the sale of
assayers' gold again, and reported the
matter to the police. Detectives Ryan
and ODea were put upon the case. Ryan
learned that gold In this form had been
sold at five different pawnshops, and, se
curing specimens, submitted them to an
expert. He pronounced it assayers' gold.
"In every case the description of the
man selling the gold answered that of
Bergen. The detectives secured the re
ceipts given the pawnbrokers, and though
different names were appended to these
receipts the handwriting— a most peculiar
style — was always the same. One receipt
was signed J. R. Hans and was for $7.
Another was signed "W. B. Smith." and
was for til. These signatures were com
pared with Bergen's handwriting and
t.ill!ed exactly. I began to suspect that
if the gold was going from the Mint Ber
gen was the guilty party.
"My reasons for suspecting him were
several. His habits were not good. He
was a confirmed card player, and I also
heard that he played the races. The de
tectives finally concluded to arrest him.
Bergen was appointed to the position of
assayer in the Mint five or six years ago
by Superintendent Daggett. I do not be
lirve he has managed to get away with
much money, because weighing showed
that very little more was missing than
would have disappeared through -ordi
nary waste and volatilization."
THE EMPORIUM.
STOLE GOLD BULLION
FROM BRANCH MINT
Benjamin Bergen,a Weigher, Goes
me Pace That Kills and Is
Caught hu Accident.
THE EBIPOBITJM.
THE EMPOEIUM.
THE EMPOBrrjM.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 1900.
GOLDEN GATE
PARK IS NOW
UNPROTECTED
Police Taken From Duty to
Drill for a Phelan
Parade.
Frequent Runaways and Many Seri
ous Accidents Occur Since New
Charter Went Into Work
ing Operation.
There was a wild runaway Ui Golden
Gate Park yesterday and the beneficial
(?) effects of the new charter, as applied
to the management of the park police,
was Indignantly discussed by over a hun
dred people who narrowly escaped from
injury or death. The driver. In a light
vehicle, lost control over the beast some
where out near Strawberry Hill and not
until Baker street and Golden Gate ave
nue were reached was he able to obtain
mastery again. All that distance the ve
hicle swayed from side to side of the main
drive, causing a wild commotion among
pedestrians and drivers. That no one was
killed was short of a miracle.
AH* this time the park police were doing
the "hay-foot, straw-foot" act down in
the Stanyan street police station to the
dreary "right, left, right, left" of a drill
master. But the police personally are not
to blame. Before the new charter went
into effect the mounted police of Golden
Gate Park were under the direction of the
Park Commissioners. A finer appearing
body of horsemen It would be hard to find.
The horses were of good speed and the
equipment was up to date In every re
spect, while the men were neatly clad In
becoming uniforms. They were the pride
of Golden Gate Park. Then, as now, there
were many runaways, but the men were
always on hand and rarely was it that
the rope of the horseman failed to bring
the runaway to a quick halt.
Now Phelan Has Power.
But things have changed since the new
charter went Into effect and Phelan,
through Chief of Police Sullivan, obtained
control of the police of the park, who
are now under the supervision of the head
of that department. The change has not
been for the better; it has been for the
worse. Only one or may be two of the
police in the park are now provided with
mounts, and these are old, crippled, slab
sided skates, borrowed or furnished (un
der the charter), that can scarcely
keep up with their own shadows, as &
gentleman who frequently drives out ex
pressed it. Captain Thompson, who for
merly had charge of the park police, one
of the best riders there, has been given
an old roan plug that for the past four
years has done duty carting off brush and
hauling a bobsled when not doing service
pulling the lawn mower. And on such as
this are the officers expected to head off
runaways. The Park Commissioners can
frame ordinances for the benetlt of the
public, but they have no means of en
forcing the same, as they are without
jurisdiction over the police. The efficiency
of the park police service has been utterly
destroyed.
Another Cause of Complaint.
Another cause of complaint on the part
of those who frequent the park is the
removal of the emergency hospital and
police station from the central district of
the pleasure resort. The former haa been
done away with entirely and the latter
has been removed to Stanyan street. A
few days ago the entire force of pro
tectors was taken from duty and sent
downtown somewhere to be measured for
new uniforms and was away from the
beats from 1 to 4 p. m. Yesterday the
park was in the same condition, nearly
every policeman performing military an
tics at the command of a drill master In
the station outside the grounds. It was
then that the runaway occurred. It was
also then that another serious accident
happened and no one in authority to give
a helping hand. A lady became mixed up
with a bicycle and was seriously Injured.
The nearest hospital was at the City Hall,
two miles and a half away, and not a
doctor to be had within a mile. The lady's
companion was obliged to lift her on his
back and carry her to a roadside resort
until he cou'.d summon help from the city.
All this time the police were drilling
preparatory to making a showing for a
May day parade at which his Honor, the
Mayor, will appear in all his glory near
the head of the column. In order to be
ready for this municipal show It has been
decided to hold several drills and It Is
understood that the police are to be taken
from duty every Saturday afternoon, the
liveliest time in the week, excepting Sun
day. Even after the parade the drillo
will be held twice a month and on drill
days it Is expected that the mortality
and accident rate will be materially In
creased. It will be advisable for children
and nurses with babies to keep away from
danger and the park.
No Longer a Safe Resort.
For years Golden Gate Park has been
recognized as a special spot for recrea
tion and pleasure, where women and chil
dren could go with safety. But that was
before the new charter and Phelanlsm
came Into operation. The very nature of
the country — hills, dales, bushy slopes and
hollows and shady groves— lnvites the evil
minded also, and without proper police
protection the garden of the West would
become a breeding ground of Iniquity and
crime from the panhandle to the beach.
When It becomes unsafe for women and
children to visit, as it soon will be at
the present rate of police protection (?),
It would be better to convert It Into a
municipal cowpasture.
When the Park Commissioners had Jur
isdiction and authority over the park seri
ous runaways were scarce and criminals
were driven from the big pleasure ground.
Wounded and suffering people were quick
ly cared for. Since Phelan has charge of
the whole business, as permitted by the
new charter. Golden Gate Park will not
only be unsafe, but an object of com
miseration on the part of visitors . and
the public.
Coughs l 18^^!
Stopped I
by BROV/N'S Bronchial Troches: I
Hoarseness and core throat cured. |
I The Big Store Is Radiant in Its Easter. Dress of Palms ana Lilacs. $
I THESE SPECIALS FOR WEDNESDAY. |
I $25 Hats $18. Jardiniere 15c. Egg Dyes Z ewet i a I
a.' yfrX\ We hiv* 24 As an Easter special SSsaffarStoGV/P* %f %Jf 3 S M SJ ¦& *
£ r^vlfifN imported Pari- we offer the pretty ( £gk_— *2f%M 11^0311* ¥*€**£** a off« 4 n «# HFi *
X JBmL tK l^ SS\£fOT During the entire wee, the bi, store .ill sell £
E IlN^siitei lan'y ?25 each. the top, fancy raised .'/jj JgSS &|, Paas' Non-poisonous Egg .^jdggs. special $
h ifejSfSS!^ The? ar« beau- pattern; dark R reen, !i^^ S&Wh DyCS at 3G a pacxago. V.ith purchase X
*"' /^r^S#i&£^ :ie? ' ever 7 ore oliv?# .yellow. yellow cr VMfOTy/^^ these dyes eg?' cin be dyed in solid colors, ||^|;^^^'r^?^^1 lr»l r» of a X
£ Vyj^Js&£k& of them < anfi brown, only 160 on oaAU&ftC ca'ico designs, variegated co'or.?, and the liiW!'ii|«a>J^^^i2 l 7ii!«|f]i^\i. -eally '%
X W'^F^^T C3nßOt be - nor hand — at lho yer >' <t^-Z-i* hea ,^ o f f amoU3 me n reproduced. Full W^Vfr i-a *
i i *&®^**& : have they beer. B t S£i«l22« 1 /«-r w &'M direction* with each packag*. ffiwlffliHßW 3330 5 t " # :5
& '<? ?\ "ft dnphcated. If Wednesday only „ <r)ni<r D-b't —R tundi 4(sAP life M\ JIJ U* nentof X
ft * V - / you get one of • .... ¦•«»••» ..~r:. * ' ' VniUlllimli WfM fine jbj
*» i(^^^^~ =^^ havo a hat like * — — — . ¦ ]^ * Side. Back aad Neck Coaib3, ia the '_%
•* ~~~" -yours. Special Sit Oft L.Ot Gtothiiiff Many splendid l a <*s- style 3 and shapes, combs that re- .*
ida^only" 3 *™^ §18.00 Sates Continued SJSlStoSSitaf^ ©I II S«SaJS.. E i^SSSiS
I The best %ou g h Sailors in tovn, This Week. ISS^ 0 "? *
j made by men's hatters, $1.25 atl(i Furnishings, bought from prominent manufac-^m^^/ r fM * SG tO 9i'UU Each, g
* and $2.00. turer3> These are all new Spring. Good?, in even^^ihrJ/lfMi $
i way desirable, and ws can save you from\t£/}k r^\ v;SS\ /Ti/nff&z* &*%4 *2
* ILb«S*ss M^©4> $3 to $W on a suit of clothes, $2 on^&AY^yMm fOI x
£ U-B&4t& Erazs&v; a Ifaf, and almost half on Furnishing Goods. f ' SA^^Y\^/ 2Qf* -. %
i f%r> &2&SB* ' Men f3f 3 $20.00, $15.C0 and $12.50 Suits, more than M^ni^U -"- ******* JL >r
£ a**** B was a 63 styles from which to make selection, 7«^wf§^ s^^ X
I Children's fast black, lxl ribbed, full fin- this week &MUm /O J&M f e l Pot shown in VWf)) J
| Set l gX£^££££X Men's $4.00 and $5.00 Fancy Silk Vests, new Soring pat- |S - picture^ hea^ re- *¥ SM %
5" dtont stockings and very dressy, sizes terns, with or without collars, doub'ebreast- rf*O /ZBZ raViV ii=pea cover rep- i .1
S V°i!; 3 7lv e b SrfaW riCe '" ' cd ' Hght ° r dark COl ° rS ' tMS Week ' • * iTZL 1 1 iff I
J- only, paiV^. ._!._*„ 1 3C Children's $3.95 Blouse Suits for $2.95 || Hi Wcdno sday, C- i^3 jj
V Children's £2.95 Vestee Suits for .'. . . . 51.95 fe? % ?.".*".'.'.'. 29c "" r 5
5 1 NGCkwt*2*B* Boys' $3.95 Vestee Suits, in blue cheviots, hand-'omelv I- X "Z •{
tt *+**¦ trimmed, for ages 3to 8 &^»oo,^t*JLSogr _«, --- -^ . X
% GSO* Men's SOc Neckwear for 28c TOWGB RBCKSx
% One of this sea Hats Worth Up to $4.00 for $I.BB— A short lot of about 12/lg* 5
*"* (fifrfffll Son ' 3 latest nov- 200 men's Stiff and Soft Hats, the stiff hats in black, light and dark m +%mm .%
6 Jii-UL J-*-M^ eltv stock Collars brown 3 and contrasts, the soft hat 3 in pearl, black, brown, cedar and • Oak or cherry, brass J»
& j=^3R£fSP|^ a ? d , Jabot ' mad f contrasts, all of them desirable shapes, but the sizes in some lots are c f-— -£T\ minted, S-hook X
* *KMj%k^ ?Lty nC silkTatH broken; we have your size in some one of them; our regular prices R J^t/ Ta V\* a * U '!S? I
X !inldf|e U Mtl were ?2.45, ?2.55, $2.95, $3.45 and $4.03, your choice this week at w^^scre^rlt %
•!* r^^\ casca^ es of same $1.88 f\ %*\ that are 35c regn- X
tk 6#^ material, edged * & 1, . > 1. / */ hrly —on special*
£ M^frJ^r with narrow satin ' rVi Ba!e Wednes- ;$
t' fr^SS^sS* ribbon, colors ,'£i'»'~"i I I " day *%jw '
i 1^: Best Tennis Bags 19c. %/ °"'^- p i
J. regular price $1 each— 2oo pieces of grß<->~r^~>B~ 7U 6-pOCkot Shoe flags-Made np X
V this o?cominjj nrckwear on special B"S^S7i¥SGBS f 2&b nicely of brown linen, bound with red -. *
| '?™ n °*? ay ™'*. 69 S v^^^^^^ Groceries. |
{&* — ;4 Flannel the other day— 32oo yards in for y^odnosday only..— 19G Some of thi=» week's great special offer- 5
Iff R'atrtmnaS^ttim/sZi 15 8ht and medium colorings, heavy, fleecy, . jngg. These prices until Saturday.*
£. F MMmMmEfLmMB^VSm just the thing for pajamas, nightgowns, —. night: X
«;¦¦„„, • , r n-^^^ n 1 children's dresses, etc.; would be a leader &£9t 9 B3&*sM Yelocros Coffee— Until closing $
* Half a dozen specials for X ednwday and at lOc a d; a not _ to -be duplicated bargain , " £ „- A time next Saturday ni 2 ht we will seM $
S- Thursday on y that will make you think afc ths ice> for w oanos - — . ** Four remarkable values for W ednes- the ce l e brated Yelocros Mocha and Java S
g that cabinet makers are working for day cff/y - Z^C day and Thursday only: Ccffee, whole or ground, put up in l-'b X
: 1 4^FlES°?isS SkSH 9Sc - SsM,:^ p|s^S?^^ s
g wh. seats upholstered in brocateh and $I>2sMn3lia skirt 3, excellent mate- J^ yard . P . \ ..600 and a few Apricots, put up in rood, X
k ¦ damasks, regularly ?4-for . two djw deep rafflj of embro:dery aad Q fi Q Brussots Qarpo rs-S?ecial heavy syrup-2 tins for 250 5
X _ on , l^V Til'ZZ'rZXi^ttnZY. under dust ruffl 3 with two clusters of tucks f or two days, sewed, lined and UK per Mar malado- On sale all this week, .•»
£ Folding Oard Tab*e-2A inches a{ , head of embroiderT . and ne wyoke, will ™& 750 5000 1-lb tins of Bishop's Orange Mar- X
g in d ! an J ete s V' k or ?r^"tl-S; bs placed on sale W©lfncs-- or -_ Smyrna" ««OS-72x36 inches, large malade, made in Los Angeles from best •$
£ regularly *3.00-special for Jo day, Of|/y> _ 35G % "] J™ f f n ? w atter n3, excellent quality. oranges, at the exceedingly low price- g
I En^o^dße'd^-^^ Second Floor- Front. special for two day, each $2.00 |3^^™^£^SS|
iron, brass rods and trimmings, reeu'ar- week (whi!e qnaßtity la3ta)> 720 q^
* lyno-speciatfortwoday3. : s7.Zs . bottlea of Crosse & Blackwell'3 Lucca X
X Wardronss-Sohd oak with double Oi] the be3t mad ri ,j
* doors and two drawers, reeularlv ncr bottle 600 «
g. $16.50-Bpec!a!lortwoday3s(2.«s J2 2C2 C CfgarS "B^S ff R9|>ADBR BEJ CigarS v papo^-Sure'Catc^'better:?
t; Eedroom Set-^en oak .finish. JQ Wm% fl i[Jr 7 for 25C. than 'rTaaslefoot." large double sheets. {*
J. seven pieces, has 20x24 rrerich plate TOr iUU. lP^ l((1^ n »C^a^^ll- B¥ B Aimc S t every well- 25 of then in a box-special this week, '?
?* mirror reeulary $3^ — special for two 10 popular brands— V* » Cioiacn kbk nazaan Almost everr weu *- -»/>««
J. daya Z.... .$23.75 yours among them. CALIFORNIA'S iAROEST-A.nBnCA-5 ODDEST STOW known brand . per box 300 X
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAN 3 CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:.
t/r\f\ftl & Dralce Amalgamators, operat-
KKUuil tn« dally; 1 SO-Hp. raaoliae en-
gine cheap, i Etere&son. S. F.
CAPE NOME ENGINES.
FOUR more of thcat email. ll?ht-welght Nome
engines have arrived from East: call soon.
P.ix En^ir.»erln« and Supply Co.. £13 .Howard.
DSEDGING PUMPS.
on. O**o!tne, Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pomp*.
KnsTla*«&Bollers. HendyMach.'CTlis..4t Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY S MODELS.
L PETERSON. H4A MJssloa. S. F.: communl-
caticcs frcm lnrectcrs strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PL'MPS
T crc'f fre*b or salt water for elulc* boxes
hirh or low lift*. Eimcn<!«. X 3 Uarket st. \ ¦* ¦>,:.
ROCKERS.
CAPE NOME Force Purr.p Rocker: han3-nower
force pump rocker: IlgrhteFt. ch*ap*Ft and best
for beach and creek mining. \V. 6. PHELPS
& CO.. 15 Druxnm st.
GOL » SEPARATOR.
Cyiene Cold Separator and Amalframator In
«a!!y operation. Wm. H. B!rch &. Co.. 1X» Ist.
GPOCF.RIES A"*D PROVISIONS
Oolf.t* racked. IRVINE BHOS.. 67» Hcwart.
ft* Fourth, lict Pclk and 1«<1 Stockton. 8. V.
LIQUORS- ~~~ ~~ ~~
» > IkloaL I 416 Sacramento.
POCKERS.
PCri'P^C Hula-Hula Rocker: Centrtfnr«l
n- \.r.L O Ear.d Pumps: Machinery. PARKK
* LACY CO.. n Fremont rt. , 2
PORTABLE HOUSES.
rrnNHAM-STANDEFOHD CO.. Washington
•ni l»t eta.. Oakland, or RullderT Ex.. 3. T.
GASOLINE E>GINE«=.
QEBCCUES GAP EXGINK WORKS !« fllllr-K
mzr.y or-3«r? for Nome. Hl-Hl Flret »t.. S. F.
E>GI>ES. BOILERS. ETC.
rAKKTT A- HAMILTON. Fcrines and Dollen:
Sowrst cricea en the coast. Pin* «t Darts «ta.
lA/. T. HESS,
HCTA3Y PUJIiIJ AHiJ ATfOS»2T-Ar-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 13U. Claua Spreckela Bid;.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. OX California. »t-. below Powell.
Ean Francisco.
STRANGE CASE OF
CHINESE ORDERED
TO BE DEPORTED
Court Commissioner James
of San Jose Cancels a
Certificate.
Revenue Agent Thomas Says That
the Paper Is Genuine, but Judge
James Charges Fraud in
Obtaining It.
United States District Judge de Haven
has taken under advisement the habeas
corpus case on behalf of See Ho How.
alias How Tim, a laborer residing in San
Jose. The case is one of the most peculiar
that has ever come up before him. the
transcript sent up by Court Commissioner
James at San Jose revealing a most re
markable condition of affairs and mods of
reasoning and adding greater circulation
to rumors that have been circulating
about the Federal building for some time
past.
Commissioner James ordered How Tim
deported to China in defiance of the fact
that Tim produced before the Commis
sioner his certificate of residence. No.
fc.6 376. issued by O. M. %V elburn. per F. C.
Joslyn. on April 7. 1894. On this certifi
cate appears the name, age. marks, de
scription and photograph of See Ho How.
alias How Tim. The duplicate of this cer
tificate was found by Special Internal
Revenue Agent Burt M. Thomas In the
archives of Internal Revenue Collector
Lynch and Mr. Thomas declares It to be
a genuine certificate, and says that the
photograph and description are those of
See Ho How. alias How Tim. The China
man swore that he had lived in Santa
Clara County for the past twenty years,
and offered to bring Charles George of
Hobson's store in San Jose to testify that
he had known Tim for more than twelvu
yars, but Commissioner James, according
to his own statement in the record, re
fused to allow Mr. George to be called and
sworn and canceled the certificate on the
ground "that any testimony offered tend
ing to show" the length of time that the
witness (Tim) has resided in this country
would not be material in this case."
Commissioner James states further in
his record: "From said evidence adduced
before me it appears that said cer
tificate of residence was procured to be
issued by fraud, misrepresentation and
false testimony, and I order him deport
ed. The testimony showed that he did
not reside in Oakland, and that the wit
ness who swore to the facts upon which
the prisoner obtained his certificate was
a stranger to him." :•:.•;>«•«¦,?;«
The only requirement of the law for ob
taining a certificate of residence was that
the applicant at the time of the issuance
of the certificate was a resident of the
United States and of the district in which
the certificate was issued. As the certifi
cate was issued to the defendant person
ally he must have been a resident of the
United States and therefore entitled to
receive It, notwithstanding any perjury
or misrepresentation that may have been
made outside of that fact. ¦¦:¦..¦-•-::->
BRIDE OF A
JOURNALIST
Miss Bessie Maddern and
Jack London Wedded
in Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Maddern have sent
out cards announcing the marriage of
their daughter, Bessie May Maddern, and
Jack London, celebrated in Oakland on
Saturday morning, April 7. The happy
groom is a well known journalist and
magazine writer, and his bride a beautiful
and accomplished young woman.
Plenty Water, but Not for Veterans.
For the past ten years the Veterans'
Home at Yountville has enjoyed the un
disputed use of a large spring on the home
grounds near the western boundary. Re
cently a survey has been made of the
property and It was found that the spring
Is fully 100 feet west of the true boundary.
The property owners on which the spring
Is located have torn up the water mains
which supplied the home and the water is
now running to waste. Secretary Scoville
of the Veterans' Home sent an inquiry to
the Attorney General to learn if the
spring can be condemned for the use of
the home. Dtputy Sturtevant writes that
the spring belongs to the owner of the
land and cannot be molested without his
consent. Before condemnation action
could be brought the Legislature must
make provision for the compensation of
the owner. Under the circumstances it is
doubtful if the property can be condemned
at all, as there is no law providing a fund
for such a purpose.
A Painter's Bad Fall.
George Riding, a painter, residing at 4
Willow avenue, fell a distance of forty
feet yesterday while at work and sprained
both ankles. He was engaged in painting
a house on the corner of Sutter and
Gough streets when the accident hap
pened. He climbed up the side of the
house by means of a stationary ladder
and when near the top a rung broke and
he was precipitated to the ground. He
was removed to the Receiving Hospital
and after being treated was sent to his
home.' *-.'•*"« r"''! '
TAX COLLECTOR SCOTT
REFUSES DISPUTED TAXES
He Exacts the Legal Penalty on De
linquent First Installments From
Banks Without Success.
Pursuant to resolutions adopted at last
Monday's meeting of the Board of Super
visors directing the Tax Colllector to ac
cept portions of taxes when .the full
amount was disputed by the taxpayer, the
Bank of California and the Union Trust
Company yesterday tendered the sums 01
$36,419 and $7000 to Tax Colllector Scott,
which had been refused by his predeces
sor, Sheehan. '¦'. . ¦ >
Scott was obliged to decline the tender,
however, because the concerns refused to
pay the 15 per cent penalty for delin
quency. They explained that the money
was offered lq proper time when the Orat
installment became due. and that in an
agreement signed by Sheehan et al. It was
expressly understood that no penalty was
to be exacted.
Scott, however, would not accept the
second tender because he has been
charged on his books the 15 per cent ad
ditional by the Auditor. The matter will
be called to the attention of the Super
visors, who will be asked to provide the
necessary relief.
Fischer's House of Melody.
Fischer's concert-house is continuing
its success in giving to the public high
class music at an admission price of 10
cents. It is probably the handsomest
amusement house of the kind in the
United States. The quality of the music
furnished Is of the very best and the
wonder Is that such entertainment can be
provided for such a price. This week
the Lambardi Opera Company is pleasing
crowded houses and doing much toward
building up the reputation of the new and
deserving institution of amusement. ThU
week the best features of the cpera "Cav
alleria Rusticana" are presented in su
perb style and are highly appreciated by
the public. The orchestra, under August
Hlnrichs, has made a distinct hit and is
entitled to special commendation. The
coming programme will be varied in or
der that the taste of the general public
may be thoroughly satisfied.
Pawned Missing Instruments.
C. F. Clark was last night . arrested by
Officer J. Terrlll and placed In the
"tanks" of the City Prison pending an In
vestigation Into his peculiar conduct. He
Is said to have pawned two sets of valu
able, pocket surgical Instruments which
were unlawfully in his possession. Dr.
W. F. Osnum of 1604 I>eavenworth street
reported the loss of similar Instruments to
the police and Officer Terrill had been
working -on the case. He was notified
that Clark had pawned a third set of in
struments and he discovered his where
abouts and placed him under arrest. He
will probably be charged this morning.
-« - »¦.. - . - -
tI3LO
BYRON MAUZY
The TONE is full and round
The TOUCH elastic
The FINISH excellent
WARRANTED 10 YEARS
308-310-312 POST ST., S. F.
£VTh* Hamllton> Bancroft Co. sal*
Is still on. Many new PIANOS
at very lew prices
Our Guarantee with £*«r/ Instrument
ESTATES, LEGACIES AND UN-
CLAIMED MONEY
— in —
ENGLAND, SCOTLAND or
IRELAND.
SEARCHKS BY EXPERTS-BEST LEOAI*
ADVICE.
If you have a. bona Sde claim to an Estate
In the Old Country, or to a fund In Cbancery.
or to a L*«acy which you wish to recover,
write «flve-cent (tamp) to THE. ESTATES
REALIZATION COMPACT. 1 and ¦» Great
Winchester Street, E. C. LONDON. ENG-
LAND. (Established 183«.)
This advertisement win not appear again.
F3.18.C6 Conducted under the
*~~ American and Euro-
orir] pean plans, and In a
a U manner that will sit-
isfy the most exacting
GFcHICI and Particular t«ts.
1400 rooms— ooo with
Hotels
OILS
5ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GREEN'S TRAINER^-P..: .D.V City.
George Green- was J trained for his'latest
nght with AlNeill by Fred F. Foster. •
EDISON— R..M... City. -Edison, the ln
'ventor,. Is not classed as a .vegetarian—
one who discards everything in the llne t of
animal : food." ; '•¦ *' '.. • '" •' ; . ;
VENUS— R.F. -W.;>' City. !,The bright
planet seen ln : the early part of the even
ing during the latter part of March of the
current ! year was Venus.
DEPTH c OF OCEAN— W. , 8., City. As
there has neverjbeen any soundings c '-'in
the center of the Atlantic and 'of the Pa
cific ' oceans".. it ; is ; Impossible' to give ' the
desired Information. ;. " '
•-- ¦-¦ .. -. - ... .ii ;* - . - 1
AMERICANS ; ON GUARD— J. K. H., I
THE TELEPHONE ORDINANCE.
SUPERVISOR MCCARTHY'S ordinance pro
viding that telephone companies shall furnish
to the patrons of the nickel-in-the-slot tele
phones the desired switch before exacting the nickel
from them promises to furnish the public with re
lief from a long-standing abuse. Several efforts to
accomplish the same object have been made in the
past with no success, but this time there is a fair
prospect the ordinance will be enacted and that in
operation it will prove effective and beneficial.
It is the contention of the company that it cannot
obey such an ordinance, nor carry out the require
ment of furnishing the switch before demanding pay
for~ the service, without increasing its present force
of employes, but the claim appears to be ill-founded.
At any rate, the number of additional employes re
quired will not be large and their wages will be but
a small percentage of. the enormous profits of the
company. It is likely, therefore, that what the tele
phone corporation really objects to is not the in
creased amount it will have to pay out for wages,
but the number of nickels it will lose when deprived
of the privilege of practicing the old form of extor
tion.
The bill has been passed to print by the Super
visors, and it appears no objection has been made to
it on the score of illegality. It will have, of course,
to run the gauntlet of the Mayor's veto, but even
that danger seems to be slight in this instance. The
subject has now been under consideration a long
time, and ample opportunity has been given for de
vising a measure which will stand the double test of
practicability and legality. The McCarthy ordinance
has every appearance of being such a measure, and
the public will with justice demand that "the Super
visors and the Mayor give it that cordial and faith
ful support which is necessary to obtain for it a fair
trial. . ?
The passage of the ordinance will naturally revive
popular interest in the movement for an amendment
of the charter so as to give the Supervisors power to
regulate telephone charges. It will be remembered
that when proposals for taxing the telephone com
panies upon their slot machines were under considera:
tion an ' official of the company tauntingly declared
that if the tax were imposed the corporation would
exact the amount from the public by putting it in the
bill. Something of the same sort may be resorted to
in this case. In fact, the chief point in all discussions
of the relations of the telephone corporations to the
municipality at this time is that of giving the muni
cipal authorities ample legal power to supervise such
corporations, just as corporations operating other
public utilities are supervised and regulated. Until
that amendment of the charter has been adopted all
that the Supervisors can do will afford but inadequate
protection to the public.
BOSH AND BUNCOMBE AND PROB
ABLY BOODLE.
WHEN the Railroad Commission met on Mon
day and went through the form of giving con
sideration, to the complaint of John C. Moore
cf Fresno against the recent action of the Southern
Pacific Railway Company in raising passenger rates,
Chairman Edson gravely read a paper to this effect:
"In the matter that is before us to-day on the complaint
of Mr. Mbore of Fresno there are questions of vital
importance to the people of the State. This board
is a. constitutional body created to perform certain
duties prescribed by the constitution, which the
board cannot and should not evade. We must
realize that we have the brightest intellects in this
State to contend with, and what we do must be done
with deliberation. 'Be sure you are right, then go
ahead,' is a safe maxim. This is ,what we must en
deavor to do, and the people of the State will know,
in due time, that this board will shirk no responsi
bility, but will investigate the whole matter thor
oughly and will render a decision in accordance with
the law and the facts, and will not hesitate to stand
for the rights of the people. In my mind there is no
question of the jurisdiction of the board in this mat
ter, and we should to-day map out a course of pro
cedure that will cause us to make a final decision as
soon as possible."
"In the name of the prophet — figs." The only way
in which anything could have been added to the pre
tentious hypocrisy of that document would have
been to open it with prayer and close it by singing a
doxology. Th|re is, moreover, a sort of grotesque
humor in the thing, for the Commissioners are not
going to "stand for the rights of the people," and the
people know it, and the Commissioners are aware
they know it. It is a bit of hypocrisy played before
the public for no other purpose than that of making
the play. In fact, as soon as the paper had been read
a motion was made to postpone consideration of the
matter, and the motion was carried and the commis-
son adjourned.
The worthlessness and falseness, the futility and
imbecility of the commission are matters of common
fame. It is well known the members of it receive
orders from the Southern Pacific Company, and that
they do not wait for orders to be sent them, but go
to ask for them, sometimes openly to the railroad
ofnee and sometimes secretly to the wine room of the
Herrin residence. Knowing all that, the people ex
pect nothing of the commission, and the Fresno com
plaint was doubtless made, not with the expectation
of relief, but with the intention of putting the com
mission once more upon the pillory of popular scorn.
So complete is the evidence of the uselessness of the
commission that there exists a widespread demand
for its abolition. In an open letter published in The
Call yesterday upon "Political Responsibility of Cali
fornia Farmers," J. S. Taylor, lecturer of the Cali
fornia State Grange, in referring to the desire of the
farmers for economy and honesty in State administra
tion, said: "They want to know why the State Rail
road Commission does not exercise the authority
given it under our laws in preventing the railroads
of the State from raising their rates for transporta
tion when it suits their convenience. If this com
mission cannot be made of service to the public, it
fhould be abolished"
To that question of the farmers Commissioner Ed
fon's paper comes with the answer, "We must real
ize we have the brightest intellects of this State to
contend with." Truly the people are aware the com
mission has very bright intellects against it, and
seemingly no intellects at all within it, but e.ven that
docs not sufficiently account for the utter stagnation
and inactivity of the commission when flagrant out
rages against the law are committed. Honesty and
fidelity do not require any great amount of genius io
make a fight for justice, neither arc they frightened
even.' time they see a "bright intellect" against then.
It is likely, therefore, that back of the bosh and
buncombe of Commissioner Edson's paper there is
something of no little potency — something which the
Commissioners receive along with orders when they
make visits to the Southern Pacific office or the Her
rin wine room.
* AMDSEMEKTS.
Orr>heuin— Vaafievllle.
Ale*LZ*r— "Quo VaiJ'.s."
Gr*E(J Opera-house— "Jaine* "WobberU, L 6. S.. Eoeton.
fai'.fcmia— "A Eachelcr'B Romance."
California— PetachafiJ&cfit end Hambourg. Monday atternocn.
Afril 16.
Columbia— Wests' s Mirstrelt. •
Tivoll— "The Bchemlan Girl."
FUcoer'a Concert House— "Cavallerla Ruetlcana."
Chatea. Zoo ana Theater— Vaudeville every arternoon and
'^O'yiE'-'a, corner cf Ma*cn aad Eddy «tre«U— Specialties.
Central Park— Gentry's Trained Animal Show. Saturday,
P^El Campo— Daneiac, bowlln*. fishln*. etc. trtry Sunday.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day. .¦
WEDNESDAY APRIL 11, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communication* to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE. .Marlcet Hd Third, S. F.
Telephone Mala IMS*.
r.niTOH!AL n00M5....717 to 221 Steveaion St.
Telephone Slain I*7l.
Delivered by Currier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Stnsrle Coplen. .ft Cent*.
Term* by Mail. Inelndinc Foataeet
DAJLT CALL (including Sunday), one year *B.OG
DAILT CALL (Including Sunday). « month* 3.00
DAILT CALL (including Bunday). 3 months *•»">
DAILY CALL— By £lr.«l# Month
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1 -**>
TVEI-ICLT CALL One Yecr 10 °
All pottmaiteri are authorised to receive
¦ obnerlptlona.
Sample eoj3« •will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAXD OFFICE "IS Broad vray
Issues made while you wait.
The opposing attorneys in the Fair case are pretty
reckless in calling each other bad names, but up to
date none has been mean enough to call another
"craven." -
If Bryan wish to fly another double Vice Presi
dential tail to-his kite* this 1 year; he may possibly, find
material for it in the booms of Dewey and Miles.
The Dewey Presidential boom seems to, be some-,
thing 'of a '-.tropical flower, for it shows signs of with
ering at the first frost.
Redding. Cal. "Put I none but Americans
on guard to-night" was one of the mottoes
of the Knownothing party. This sentence
Is supposed to have been the countersign
on 'the 'eve of an important battle of the
Revolution, and is attributed by some to
Washington 'and by ' others to General
Putnam: - ¦ . • .
GENERAL GRANT— Professor L.. City.
General U. ; S. Grant In his tour around
the world reached San Francisco Septem
ber 20, 1879. A." J. Bryant was Mayor of
the city at that time. -
GLOBES-G. E. A., Vallejo, Cal. Deal
ers in school supplies will furnish you the
kind of globes you, desire. This depart
ment .cannot print the s address of such
dealers,* as it does not advertise any busi
ness.
WHAT THE HAND COUNTS— A. 8., i
Sacramento. -*" •*~ r ~a~*"~ a ~*"' ul crib "- containing .
DIFFERENTIAL HEARING.
THERE is ground for believing that the hearing
given to the merchants oT San Francisco has
impressed the Interstate Commerce Commission
that the demand of the coast jobbers is in line with
the natural laws of trade and transportation. While
the Middle Westers loaded the issue with many in
tricacies, it is probable that the Commissioners saw
in this that their contention is for a purely arbitrary
and artificial interference with natural law 6.
If the rate policy of the railways is to be in the in
terest of one section of the country and against all
others, why not in the interest of one man and
against all others?
The natural law of trade is to bring consumption
and distribution together. The Middle Westers pro
pose to keep them apart and to use the railways for
that purpose.
We can say with fair certainty that the commission
will not support that vie*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
leaves the lungs weak and
opens the door for the germs
of Consumption. Don't
wait until they get in, and
you begin to cough. Close
the door at once by healing
the inflammation.
ScollEsmufetoTL
makes the lungs germ-
proof; it heals the inflam-
mation and closes the doors.
It builds up and strengthens
the entire system with
wonderful rapidity.
_ 50c and ti.oo, mil dnnj4»t»,
~\' SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemist*. K«v Y«rfc.
Robbed a Cripple.
James Burns, an ex-convict, robbed
Fred Houseman, a cripple, last Monday
night on Sacramento street, between
Montgomery and Kearny. Burns took $60
from his victim. He was arrested yes
terday by Policemen Dugan and Brodt.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). s*o Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1043. *
Cal. glace fruit 50c per R> atTownsend'*-*
Look out for 81 Fourth (5o barber, gro-
cer). Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c •
A MIGHTY ISSUE SETTLED.
NOW that we are approaching a Presidential
campaign, which will revive and intensify agi
tation upon a host of problems, questions and
issues, it is gratifying to learn by reports from Wash
ington that a matter which has long been tormenting
and confusing to a considerable number of our people
and has disturbed not only domestic life but even the
placid channels of slow-moving diplomacy has been
settled. It is announced that high authorities at the
capital have fixed rules of precedence for all officials,
and there is no. longer to be wrangling and discord in
stately halls as to who shall go first when the butler
announces "Dinner is served," or some other grave
function is to be observed.
It will be remembered that not long ago a bril
liant and august company was invited to a high re
ception given by a lady of eminence to Admiral
Dewey. It was designed to be an occasion of dignity
and joy, but it turned out to be one of wrangling and
pain. It appears the cards of invitation bore an in
scription announcing to the guests that they were in
vited "to meet Admiral Dewey." The words may ap
pear harmless to the uninitiated, but in Washington
they were felt as a bitter, stinging wrong. The sub
lime rules of etiquette forbid an Embassador to
"meet" anybody. An Embassador is the representa
tive of a sovereign. People of all ranks must go. to
meet him; he cannot condescend to meet them.
Therefore an invitation to meet Dewey was in the
nature of an insult to high diplomatic dignitaries at
the capital, and they treated it with a scorn so blast
ing and so cold it was felt as a blizzard all over the
Atlantic coast.
That was the most severe of recent sad occurrences
resulting from a lack of a definite and well understood
etiquette at Washington, but it is not the only offense
of the kind. Alas! they have been only too frequent
Hardly a month passes without reminding Washing
ton society of the fatt that it has become only half
Europeanized and is still afflicted with raw Ameri
canisms. Hence the vigor with which the task of
settling questions of precedence and other great
problems of. etiquette has been taken up and carried
Paderewskt's refusal to play at Sacramento after
scats had been sold for the performance is one of the
offenses for which the law does not provide an ade
quate remedy. A return of the money paid for seats
is not always a full satisfaction, for often other ex
penses have been incurred. When a long-haired bird
has promised to sing and can sing he should be made
to sing.
Mr. Clark of Montana has discovered that buying
a seat in the Senate is under certain conditions worse
than buying a gold brick under any conditions.
PERSONAL MENTION.
V?. B. Hughes of Santa Cruz ia at the
Occidental.
Louis Kahn, a merchant of Oakdale,' is
at the Palace.
Sheriff D. B. Getchell of Nevada County
Is at the Russ.
E. E. Bush, an attorney of Hanford,
is at the Lick.
J. L. Chaddock, an attorney of Fresno.
Is at the California.
H. S. McCormick. a bonanza fanner of
Portland, is at the Grand.
Andrew P. Dron, a mining man of Bis
Oak Flat is at the Occidental.
George A. Joslyn. an Omaha capitalist,
and his wife are at. the Occidental.
A. B. Hammond, a prominent railroad
promoter of Portland, is at the Palace.
Adolph Fleishman, a prominent fruit
merchant of Los Angeles, is in tb9 city.
J. C. Steele, a capitalist of Pescadero,
and his brother, F. N. Steele, are at the
Russ.*
Lacy R. Johnson, a railroad man of
Vancouver, B. C, and his wife are at the
Occidental.
John Devlin of Butte, Mont., who re
cently cold his mine for $75,000, la at the
Buss with, hia wife.
John W. Mackay, president of the Pos
tal Telegraph Company, is here on one of
his periodical visits.
John J. Byrne, general passenger and
ticket agent of the Santa F© at Los An
geles, is at the Palace.
Marion Biggs and Dwight Holllster. cap
italists, of Oroville and Cortland respec
tively, are at the Grand.
I* T. Gurnsey, owner of the Redondo
Hotel and a heavy stockholder in the Re
dondo Railroad Company, and hia wife
are at the California.
Percy L. Schuman. a Chicago attorney.
who has been in Northern California in
specting some valuable mining properties,
has returned to the Palace.
Thousands are fleeing from the plague.
That is the reason so many are coming
East who usually remain in California and
along the western coast until a month
later than they are staying this season.
In these words Sylvester Rogers of Al
bany. N. V., explained .the fact that Den
ver hotels and all the hotels" at stopping
places on the way East are now crowded
from basement to the roof, whereas the
rush of travel _from the West does not
ordinarily come. until a month later than
it has this year. . . • . ;:¦.-
"On the train from 'Frisco." said he at
the Albany ; Hotel last evening. "I was
surprised at the large number of those
with whom I conversed who ¦ frankly , ad
mitted that they were simply, fleeing from
the Asiatic plague which, without any
doubt at all. Is now to be found in San
Francisco. It is, true there may be only
a few cases of the plague, but that there
is even , one case is enough' to frighten
away many tourists' who/ all their lives,
have heard of how deadly this plague is
and how rapidly : it spreads- when intro
duced into any country. ¦
"Every precaution is being taken, I have
been informed, to guard against its spread
and even to make light of the fact that
there are now cases of plague in San
Francisco, but just think of the mortality
which would result from carrying; the
contagion. to every part of the country by
tourists who have until a short time ago
crowded the hostelrles of the principal
cities in the State. On the very train on
which I came eastward there was repre
sented almost every State east of the Mis
souri. If on that train or on any like
train there was the least contagion, the
bubonic plague would spring up in prac
tically all the principal parts of the coun
try simultaneously. The danger, though
small, is great when the seriousness of
the disease is taken Into consideration.
"The - authorities in all probability will
stamp out what little of it there Is, in
San Francisco, and prevent those affected
from coming into the city, but as we open
our doors wider and wider to the East the
danger will increase of allowing the
plague to come .In through the Golden
Gate 'along with the commerce which
comes from. the same general locality as
the plague. Discretion, you know, is the
better, part of .valor. and the scores, the
hundreds, .who wrote that sentence In
their copy-books at school a generation
ago are putting it into practice by short
ening their stay on the Western coast and
hurrying home. I am one of the number."
four treys and a six spot counts twenty
and not twenty-four.
SHIPS OUTSIDE— A. 8., City. There
is no submarine cable to the Farallones.
Vessels outside of the" heads are spoken
by pilots. The fact that a vessel is out
side Is communicated by signal from the
Farallones to the Merchants' Exchange
signal station at Point Lobos and from
there by wire to the exchange. When the
space between the island and Point L.0003
Is not obstructed by fog the keeper at
Point Lobos has no difficulty in making
out signals on the islands. When there
is such a fog vessels generally stand off
until it clears.
BAZAINE— S. F. L.. City. Marshal Ba
zalne gained distinction In war prior to
the Franco-Prussian events. He served
with distinction In Algeria, Spain, tha
Crimea and In the Italian campaign of
1859. In Africa In 1533 he gained the cross
of the Lieglon of Honor, in 1556 he was
promoted to commander of the legion and
in 1563 wai made commander of the Im-
Serial Guard. After the capitulation at
letz with three marshals. 6000 officers
and 173.000 men, he was found guilty by
court-martial of having failed to do hia
duty, was sentenced to degradation and
death, but the sentence was commuted to
imprisonment for twenty years. In 1374
he escaped from the Isle St. Marguerite
and made his way to Spain.
RESULTS OF THE FAKE PLAGUE
SPREAD BY EXAMINER-JOURNAL
The followinz extract taken from the St. Lends Glohe- Democrat, shows
how the Eastern press regard the '' fake plague" started here bythz Phelan
Biard of 'Bad Health and exploited by the Examiner-Jour nil.
"TOURISTS FLEEING FROM
PLAGUE STRICKEN SAN FRANCISCO"
THE AUSTRALIAN MAIL CONTRACT.
BY the action of the Postmaster General in
awarding the contract for carrying the Austra
lian and British closed mails between the
United States and Australia to the Oceanic Steam
ship Company another evidence is given of the
superiority of the San Francisco route to and from
Australasia and the United States and Europe. The
mails of course are forwarded by the shortest, quick
est and safest route available, and it was only by
demonstrating its superiority in these respects over
competing lines that the Oceanic Steamship Company
obtained the contract.
The award is certain to give satisfaction to the pub
lic, for the Oceanic is one of the oldest and most re
liable steamship lines upon the Pacific, and its carry
ing service can be relied upon for speed, certainty
and efficiency. The regularity of the mails will there
fore be assured as far as anything can be which is
liable to the accidents of the world, and the advan
tages, to the commercial community will be notably
great.
The service is to begin with November.
Steamers are to touch at Honolulu, at Apia or
Pago-Pago in Samoa, as the United States Govern
ment may direct, and at Auckland. It is to be noted
that the Oceanic Company has also arranged with
the Tahitan Government for a steamship service
eleven times a year between San Francisco and-Ta
hiti. That will give our merchants and manufac
turers a" new means of extending trade with the isl
ands, and is therefore an enterprise of great impor
tance to the port.
There is talk in New York of running Otis for the
Vice Presidency on the Republican ticket, but the old
General has had running enough after Aguinaldo and
ought now to have a rest.
CALIFORNIA'S OUTLOOK.
/CALIFORNIA has no hard-luck story to tell.
( The commercial record of the recent dry year
was a record of progress and not of shrink
age. The products that are yielded by the soil did
not, as a whole,\diminish in volume nor in i»alue.
Here and there some of the agricultural and horti
cultural crops failed, but elsewhere their yield was
normal, or increased, so that the general average and
the average increase were maintained. The experience
induced economies that were accommodated to the
shrinkage where it occurred in individual cases, and
when the account of the year of drought was made up
and balanced, it proved to be a fat year and not a
lean one. There was no cause in it for any pessi
mism, nor complaint of hardship, nor foreboding of
evil to come. It was superadded to the experience
of the State in bearing its share of the hard times that
began in 1893. But California bore that with no
failures in business that tapped her strength, and with
not a failure in banking that could be charged at all
to financial conditions. The only bank failures had
their origin in illegitimate banking, and conduct that
would bring failure in the best of times.
When we consider the infrequency of accident to
agriculture and horticulture here, the certainty that
is in all rural industries, and put beside them the fre
quency of accident to crops in the East, by frost, by
dry and wet weather, occurring untimely between
seed time and harvest, it may be stated as an un
impeachable fact, that California is the surest and the
kindest place in all the world, for those who live upon
the soil.
Our wealth in the land and the water is in the be
ginning of its development. The water that laps our
coast is full of marine wealth that has scarcely been
touched. One animal alone that sports in our bays,
the porpoise, carries in his hide a fortune of hun
dreds of thousands, that no one has yet begun to
reap. On the Atlantic seaboard the porpoise has
been almost exterminated, to secure the finest water
proof leather that is made. To show the riches ready
to be won in what are regarded as small things, por
poise shoestrings are eagerly sought at a dollar and
a quarter a dozen, wholesale. With mining in
Alaska in its infancy, there is already a demand for
waterproof leather footwear that is best supplied by
porpoise leather, and that will grow steadily to great
proportions. We mention this only as one instance
of the resources that are yet untouched by our peo
ple. The same could have once been said of each of
our industries that are now permanent features in our
economy. We say with certainty that California offers
the greatest variety of gainful occupations to be
found anywhere in the world. Our industries sing no
solo. Their song is a chorus of the grandest .volume.
Our people may be chidden for too much talk about
misfortunes that are imaginary, and for the magnify
ing of backsets that elsewhere are taken as matters of
course and not worth complaining about.
Where all nature is bountiful, abundant, optimistic,
buoyant with hope and big with promise, carping
and complaint by man have no proper place and
should cease.
If a roll of the rich men of the State is called it
will be found that every fortune made here, every
competency gained, has been by men who always had
confidence in the future, and laid plans regardless of
to-day's passing wind or weather. If they were in
fruit- and a new predatory bug appeared, instead of
chopping down their trees they killed the bug. If in a
mine that pinched, while others let go they held on,
and drove a drift till they rediscovered the ledge. If
in trade they shed no tears over losing an old mar
ket, but found a new one.
In this State wind and tide are always in the tail
and never in the teeth of hope and enterprise.
Therefore let Californians have done with hard-luck
stories. There is no hard luck here. Politicians may
say there is, but their saying, has a purpose that is for
their personal gain, not for the public good.
Eastern men, who are charmed with every prospect
here, are unfavorably impressed by the tendency of
Californians to growl and grunt. Let us assure them
that the cause of it is not in any existing condition,
but is in the discontent of the Californian that he can
not live forever, in this best climate, on the most
fruitful soil and in the midst of the most inspiring
scenery on the planet. As he can't have it all, al
ways, the Californian regards translation to paradise
as a forced migration to a less pleasing country, and
at bottom his way is simply discontent with what is
to come, not with what is.
forward. Now it is announced the end has been at
tained. Washington is to have a court etiquette, even
if it have no court, and there are to be royal man
ners, even though royalty be present only by the
proxy of an Embassador.
We are told that "the intricate problems have re
ceived the careful consideration of the highest au
thorities, and the round of social festivals will be in
augurated next season under a simple and easily
comprehended system of rules. The imperative neces
sity of adjudicating the claims of the "Speaker of the
House and the President of the Senate has compelled
the promulgation of a new and regular order of pre
cedence. * * * The new rules will take as the
basic principle the triple co-ordination of the powers
of government in this republic."
. The harmony which is to follow these rules will not
be a glad harmony, however, for the further infor
mation comes that it "will not be inaugurated with
out passive resistance by these gentlemen (to wit, the
Embassadors). The Government may be a trinity,
they say, but the executive is its only visible and ap
proachable semblance. The Embassadors hold that
this rule will violate all international customs. But
the fiat will go forth, and next year there will be no
trouble to decide whether Mrs. Justice should call on
Mrs. Senator, or otherwise. It will be plain sailingf
at least, on a hitherto stormy sea."
Let us hope for the best. If the coldness produced
by the rules prove too cold on the stormy social sea,
the atmosphere may be warmed up by firing a couple
of Embassadors, or three if need be.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 1900^
How the Adjustable Platform Will Serve the Purpose of the Democratic
:',.¦ Campaign Orator. —Denver Time*.
TIME— 3 A. M.
Voice from above: "Is that you, John? Tou're very late,' aren't your*
Brown (returned from celebrating the latest victory): "It's only about— er—
twelve; my dear/ 1 think—" ¦:"'.-,
The Cuckoo Clock: "Cuckoo! Cuckoo! Cuckoo!"
Brown (grasping situation Instantly): "Cuckoo! Cuckoo! - Cuckoo! Cuckoo!
Cuckoo! Cuckoo! Cuckoo! * Cuckoo! Cuckoo!"— Punch.
6? , ¦'¦ - --- ¦¦':¦ . •' ¦ .+
+ The Easter number of The -f
+ Call appears on Easter Sun-
£ day, April 15, and will sur-
+' pass anything of the kind ever +
+.{', published on the coast. +
A THAT v/
HIT RINGS if
TRUE! <^&^
AIR. JAMES NEILL
AHI> COMPACT.
Xn 2%«1r Tnm.adoua Succm ef
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
tTaaaltaos* Praia* From the Ectir* Prats.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
EEATS WW. BE ON BAt^J TO-MORROW.
THE MUSICAL. EVENT OF THE TEAR.
•TIE TWO GREAT RUSSIANS IN JOINT
RECITALS.
PETSCHNIROFP,
Tb« Po«t of the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
Tn« Touar El«rfrled of tbm Plana.
AIME LACHAUME,
Dl»tlnxuish«4 Pianist and Compoter.
MONDAY. * -.¦ AFTKRNOONS.
WEDNESDAY, =AT=
TRIDAY 2:80 P. M.
Rggerrad geaf-COe. 11. tt SO. **•
PHONE MAIN E3J.
LAST NIGHT OF
Richard Walton Tolly's Successful Fare*,
"JamesWobberts, I. S.S. Boston."
Characters by Student* ef the University of
California.
Tin/RSDAT AND FRIDAY EVENINGS and
FATURDAY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
K.NETEEL asa VAUDEVILLE ENTERTA.IKXE9T
BY :00 STUDENTS— : I—l l— BY W0 STUDENTS
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT. April IS— Our
New York Extravaganza Company In Hend«>
cod's Vereien of
"AN ARABIAN GIRL."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reuwved *eat at all matinees, 2Sc
2cacct Ticket Office, Emporium.
¦ EVERT NIGHT INCLUDING SUNDAT.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
THE FAD OF THE HOUR.
"QUO VADIS!"
SEATS EDC DATS IN ADVANCE.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
KEVV WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, U-c to II M day;
16 to Is week: JS to JIO month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire sratcs In tvery
tuoa: elevator runs all night.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Josephine McCarthy from John McCarthy
for failure to provide; A. Campagnlo from
Fllomlno Campagnlo for willful desertion;
May E. Robertson from Shelby L. Robert
son for desertion, and Claude Pauze from
Bertha Pauze for desertion. ; -
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Margaret R. Thomson against John T.
Thomson for desertion; Margaretha W.
Mahler against Frederick H. Mahler for
desertion; Catherine A. Thornton against
Robert Thornton for failure to provide;
8. A. Rich against Sarah Rich for deser
tion; Kate S. Louttit against James A.
Louttlt for desertion; Ada Carson against
Edwin M. Carson, for failure to provide:
Marchell Vouraky against Pany G. V.
Vouraky. for infidelity, and Marie G.
Glbault against Leon p. Glbault for
cruelty.
Involuntary Insolvents.
Creditors of Aaron Nathan of Sacra
mento representing debts to the amount
of $383 21 and of P. Dunkelman of 999 Mc-
Allister street, this city, reoresentlng
debts amounting to $867 31, filed petitions
yesterday in the United States District
Court asking that Nathan and Dunkelman
be declared Involuntary Insolvents.
HUNTINGTON GENEROUS
TO FOREST PRESERVERS
Gives One Thousand Dollars to Help
Impound Flood Waters of the
State.
C. P. Huntlngton yesterday gave the
California Water and Forest Association
$1000 to assist in the work of impounding
the floods of the State. The association's
finance committee had previously secured
subscriptions amounting to $7600 from the
banks of the city and the, representatives
of various lines of business. Many had
promised to donate If the railroad, which
will be largely benefited In the matter of
freights If the valleys of the State can be
Irrigated, would contribute. Accordingly
a committee, consisting of William Thom
as, T. C. Frledlander, F. W. Dohrmann
and A. R. Briggs, called on Mr. Hunting
ton In the yellow building. Mr. Thomas,
as president of the Water and Forest As
sociation, explained the purposes of the
organization. The first thing to be -done
wan, he said, to make a contract, with the
Federal Government, the State and Stan
ford Universities and the Water and For
est Association as parties, the universities
agreeing to furnish services, the Govern
ment to furnish services and' money and
the association to furnish money.
The first work would be a complete sur
vey of some particular locality and the
ascertaining of the cost of work at that
place. The figures could be submitted and
such a plain and clear showing made that
it would constitute a strong argument to
bring aid from the Legislature. Mr. Hunt
lngton said that the plan was good. He
then subscribed JIOOO personally, but said
that the work Was foreign to the railroad
company. The committee thanked Mr.
Huntington _and withdrew. They hope
now to make a total of $10,000 in sub
scriptions in a few days.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
French Cruiser Protet, on
Her Maiden Voyage,
Arrives Here.
Stopped at All the South and Central
American Ports on Her Way.
Is Bound for the Chinese
Station,
The French cruiser Protet arrived in
port yesterday morning and saluted the
Stars and Stripes flying on Alcatraz as
ehe passed up the bay. She is a vessel of
the latest type and is now on her maiden
cruise, her destination being the China
station. As she steamed up the bay the
warship was very much admired, and
there is sure to be a rush to see her should
her commander throw her open for in
spection.
The Protet Is classed as a second-class
cruiser. She was built of steel and
eheathed with teak in Bordeaux and
launched in 1803, but did not go into com
mission until June, 1899. Her armament is
composed of four 16-centimeter guns, ten
10-centimeter guns, ten 47-millimeter guns,
four 87-millimeter guns, two torpedo tubes
and four searchlights. She is 331 feet long.
68 feet beam and her displacement is 4055
tons. Her triple expansion engines drive
her at a speed of 20Vi knots.
The Protet left Rochefort, France, on
June 5, 1599, and since then has stopped at
Madeira, Rio de Janeiro, Montevideo,
Buenos Ayres and Punta Arenas; thence
through the Straits of Magellan to Valpa
raiso and from there to the island of Juan
Fernandez. Nearly all the crew went
ashore there and visited the spots made
famous by Defoe In his "Robinson Cru
soe" adventures.
From Juan Fernadez the Protet went to
Coquimbo, Iquique, Callao. Guayaquil,
Panama, San Jose de Guatemala, Santa
Rosalia and San -Diego. At all the ports
mentioned the officers and men had a good
time, and they expect to enjoy- themselves
for a week or ten days In San Francisco.
From here the Protet will go to Honolulu,
if the plague has been stamped out, and
thence to Hongkong via Yokohama-
Captain Paul Germinet is the chief In
command on the Protet. On his arrival in
Chinese waters he will take command of
the fleet and the Protet will be the flag
ship. Captain Miron de l'Esplney is In
command of the cruiser, and with him are
Lieutenants Colliard, Hue, Escudeer, Che
lot, Labarre and Doney. The Protet car
ries a crew of 400 men all told.
Stowaways on the Moana.
There are three men on the Mall steam
er Moana who consider that fate has dealt
severely with them. After succeeding in
stowing 1 away at Sydney, N. S. W., and
getting as far as San Francisco without
mishap they find themselves prisoners and
destined for the journey back to Sydney
agrain.
Their names are J. J. Ford, J. Mahoney
and J. Tlngley. When the Moana was two
; days out from Sydney they were discov
ered. At Auckland they could not be
landed because of the plague, and the
same reason held good at Apia and Hono
lulu. Here they could not land because
they are penniless, so the officers of the
ship have them under lock and key and
they will be taken back to New South
Wales and given another chance in that
colony.
To Have Her Trial Trip.
The handsome new steamer Robert Dol
lar is to be tried on the bay to-day. She
was built for the coast lumber and pas
senger trade, but the rush to Nome has
gathered her in, and as soon as the ma
chinery and gear Is proven to be in satis
factory order ehe will go to Puget Sound
to be fitted out for the passenger trade to
the gold fields. The Robert Dollar is built
on the same lines as the Grace Dollar,
but is a larger and more powerful vessel
than the well-known coaster.
Wachusetts Storm-Tossed.
The ship "Wachusetts, which left Hast
ings Mill for Melbourne In February last,
arrived at her destination a few days ago
after a very tempestuous voyage. She
ran into a series of heavy gales and final
ly sprang aleak. The ahip wu in no Im
mediate danger, but the crew had a hard
time of it at the pumps. The Wachusetts
will be drydocked and overhauled before
coming back to San Francisco.
Water Front Notes.
Captain Alec Swanson, the Adonis of the
pilot service. Is now an expert checker
player. While in quarantine on the Cen
tennial he learned all about "crib," and
while detained at Angel Island on the
Sheridan Captain Pearce undertook to
teach him checkers. When the vessel was
released Alec had mastered the game and
was beating his teacher two out of three
games.
The ship I. F. Chapman will sail for
Honolulu to load sugar for New York to
day. She has a makeshift crew and there
is sure to be some fun aboard before the
voyage ends.
The steamer Bloemfonteln arrived from
Hawaii yesterday and was placed in quar
antine. She has been running between
Honolulu and Puget Sound, but comes
here on this occasion with a load of sugar
for Alexander & Baldwin.
Chief Engineer Ed Mahoney, who has
been for years on the steamer Sunol. has
been appointed chief engineer of the Santa
Fe's steamer Ocean Wave.
There is a rush to get freight aboard the
barkentine Catharine Sudden for Nome.
Merchandise that goes up on her will be
landed a week ahead of any other vessel,
it Is expected, as the vessel Is tnklnjr up
all the latest machinery for handling
freight. The tug Dorothy, that is to ac
company the Catherine Sudden, will be
launched to-day.
Japanese Interpreter Appointed.
United States Immigration Commis
sioner North yesterday appointed "W. Cur
tis as Japanese Interpreter to assist In
terpreter Geffeney in examining the 200
Japanese who arrived on the Belgian
King and the 100 who arrived on the
Doric.
Men's calf shoes worth $3 for Jl 23 a pair
at the Boston Shoo Co.. 775 Market st. •
Louis Grasser Acquitted.
Louis Grasser, a saloon-keeper at Co
velo, Mendocino.County, was tried in the
United States District Court yesterday on
the charge of selling liquor to Indians.
The jury returned a verdict of not guilty,
as they were not convinced that the In
dian who drank Grasser's whisky was act
ually under the control of the superin
tendent of the Indian reservation at that
place. • '• _^
?51. GENUINE
S/\INDEIN
AtHALF PRICE
No. 7 $40.00 Belt for $20.00. No. 6
$30.00 Belt for 915.00. No. 5 $20.00
for 910.00. These I guarantee on
$5000 bonds,'* and will pay to any
charitable institution $1000 if it can
be shown that the Belts I am now sell-
ing at Half-Price are not the bona fide
U.S. patented Sanden Belt, purchased
of Dr. A. T. Sanden in 1899, and as sold
on this Coast for years past.
There is no deception nor imitation
in these Belts. They are sold in the
Lion Drug Store and at my office, and
are the Belts with 30 years' record as
the great remedy for the ailments of
man, and woman. Call and test them
or write for Dr. Sanden's book,
"Three Classes of Men," free. Address
DR. S. S. H ALL,
702 MARKET ST., ROOM 3,
SAN FRAN CiSCO.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS AGKEAT IIESTORATIVE, INVIQORA-
¦ tor and Nervine. ¦-.-.•• .
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tor Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. AL.FS & BRUNE, Agents.
123 Market St.. a F.— (Send for Circular..)
A Beautiful Illuminated Street Par
ade—A Novel and Interesting
Spectacle.
As an Introduction to his entry In this
city, Professor Gentry, with the World's
Greatest Trained Animal Show, will give
a grand Illuminated street parade on Fri
day night. April 13. at 7 o'clock, traversing
Market, Kearny and the principal streets.
Don't fail to see this, the prettiest pageant
by the richest trained animal show on
tour. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Opening of the Bee Hive.
To-morrow the Bee Hive Shoe Co. will
open for business. Men's $3 calf shoes will
be sold for $2 a pair at the Bee Hive, 717
Market street, near Third. •
AMUSEMENTS.
School Janitors May Be Paid.
At. the regular secret session of the
Board of Education yesterday afternoon
It was decided to take the necessary steps
at this morning's meeting to secure the
payment of school janitors' demands
which have been held up by Auditor
Wells because the Superintendent refused
to sign them, on the ground that they
should be paid by the Board of Public
Works. The board is of the opinion that
the Janitors, who work hard for their
pay, should not b3 made to suffer be
cause of disputed law points.
AMUSEMENTS.
We penetrate deeper and deeper, then
higher and higher the experiences of a
single individual. It Is a strange transi
tion. What does it mean? It means that
Christianity has come into the world and
has revealed that the fate of nations and
the stirring of the peoples are of less ac
count In the eternal vision than those In
ward events and actions which determine
the moral destiny of separate men.
At first the older epic very likely seems
the greater to us: assuredly the more en
tertaining. There Is more variety in it,
a wider range of character and Incident,
perhaps, we think, a more healthful and
cheerful tone. Now It is Impossible to
measure the great imaginative treasures
of the race against each other, or to say
one Is greater than another. To each star
Its own glory. And yet if we look deeper
we shall hardly, say that Homer la more
cheerful than Dante. These ancient epics
are essentially, when analyzed, sad. Their
gods are now friendly, now hostile, but
always capricious; their heroes largely
the sport of fate; the loveliest woman in
them the fatal Helen, the source of dis
aster, ruin and shame: when all the eager
fighting is done It is hard to see that there
Is, any worthy end to it all, and a great
darkness awaits warriors and wanderers,
the entire human race, as It passes out of
sight into mystery.
It is not because Dante holds in a me
chanical way to a life beyond death that
his poem seems to the thoughtful reader
more fraught with hope and Inward Joy
than that of the Greek world. It is be
cause here and now he reveals eternity.
Reading him we feel how wonderfully life
has been enriched, how Its scope has
broadened, how many new elements have
entered it, as the race has gone on living.
The range of emotion, of aim, of experi
ence, both in Joy and sorrow, is widened
beyond all words. It is of little use to
make an assertion like this without prov
ing it, but one must read Homer and
Dante to see whether the thing Is true.
The love of woman in Dante Is no longer
a devouring fate, a bitter cause of strife;
it has become holy, and It leads men up
to God. Suffering is no longer the strange
blight imposed upon the race by a mys
terious fate. Mysterious still— how oth
erwise?—it is yet fraught with redemp
tive power. An end of joy beyond all hu
man thought awaits the wanderer. The
best of enduring happiness that the an
cient world could conceive is recognized
and given a place in Dante, but so has
man's power of imagining Joy risen
through the ages that this old pagan hap
piness is by Dante actually put within the
limits of hell. The elys^an fields, the para
dise of antiquity, the happiest future for
virtuous men that Homer or Virgil could
dream of, are In his underworld. There
live forever all the noble men who knew
rot Christ. They rest from their labors:
they wander on enameled meads; they
abide in majestic dwellings: they share
high converse undisturbed by wrath or
fear. Nor Homer nor Virgil could con
ceive a higher Joy. But Dante knew a
higher— a heaven of ecstacy and rapture
Into which no pagan poet ever might soar.
He haa been reproached for leaving his
great heathens in limbo, and we may re
gret that he put them there, but at least
we must recognize that he gave them all
they had ever wished. In fullest measure.
The epic of antiquity, the epic of the
outward life, will always have a wider
appeal than Dante. It will always possess,
in a Bense, more action, variety, actuality
and charm. Yet every dispassionate read
er must recognize, whether with Joy or
sorrow, the new regions entered and ex
plored by the soul of man and the new
treasures brought from within between
the time of the "Iliad" and "Odyssey"
and the time of the "Divine Comedy."
There would seem at first sight to be
more points of likeness between Milton
and Dante. The "Paradise Lost," like the
"Divine Comedy," Is a religious, a Chris
tian, epic; both poems have for their
theme the fall and the redemption of man,
both present wonderful pictures of hell
ond heaven. Yet, though they are indeed
most Interesting to compare, the longer
one studies the more striking becomes the
difference between the poems.
We must note at the beginning that,
historically spcakiu?'. Milton subtends a
much smaller arc than Dante. Dante Is
the poet of universal Catholicism; Milton
the poet of English Puritanism of the sev
enteenth century. We should expect to
find, as we do find, a certain coldness, cer
tain limitations, mingled with much that
is exalted and noble in its poet. A very
special type of theology, a type which did
not endure very long the test of time, un
derlies the Intellectual structure of the
"Paradise Lost." Milton Is extremely anx
ious to justify this theology which he
honestly considers to be the full expres
sion of the will of God. He starts out, as
he deliberately tells us, "to Justify the
ways of God to man." It would never
have occurred to Dante that the ways of
God needed justification. In the "Divfn<»
Comedy" Dante moves adoring in a world
revealed by faith: In the "Paradise Lost"
Milton presents eloquently a world con
ceived by theology. It is a very different
matter.
It follows that there Is a deep personal
JOHN MILTOX.
STORE OPEN UNTIL 9 O'CLOCK THIS WEEK.
1146 Market Street,
Between Mason and Taylor.
SAWMILL DISPUTE
BUZZING IN COURT
The Pokegama and the Klamath Com-
panics Making Golden Sawdust
for the Lawyers.
The Pokegama Sugar Pine Lumber Com
ber Company vs. Klamath River Lumber
and Improvement Company is the title of
a suit filed a few days ago in the United
States Circuit Court for an injunction and
an accounting.
The complainant is in the lumbering and
sawmill business at Klamathon, Sisklyou
County, and has had some litigation in the
State courts and in the United States Cir
cuit Court concerning a lease with Hervey
Lindley and the defendant corporation.
In the present suit the complainant al
leges that the defendant has violated the
injunction heretofore ordered by the court
by refusing to allow the complainant the
exclusive use of a barn and hostler's room
on the premises, and asks for an account
ing and that defendants be enjoined from
prosecuting ' any suits against the com
plainants In the State courts.
HEART DISEASE
Some Facts Regarding the Rapid In-
crease of Heart Trouble.
Heart trouble, at least among the
Americans, is certainly Increasing and
while this may be largely due to the ex-
citement and worry of American business
life, It is more often the result of weak
stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real organic disease Is Incurable; but
not one case in a hundred of heart trou-
ble is organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
and poor digestion Is because both or-
gans are controlled by the same great
nerves, the Sympathetic and the Pneu-
mogastric.
In another way also the heart Is af-
fected by the form of poor digestion,
which causes gas and fermentation from
half digested food. There is a feeling of
oppression and heaviness in the chest
caused by pressure of the distended stom-
ach on the heart and lungs, Interfering
with their action: hence arises palpita-
tion and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
making It thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble Is to Improve the digestion and
to Insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use af-
ter meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may be
found at drug stores, and which contain
valuable, harmless digestive elements in
a pleasant, convenient form.
It is safe to say that the regular, per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
at meal times will cure any form of stom-
ach trouble except cancer of the stom-
ach.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
For This Day !
50 BLACK AND COLORED TAILOR-MADE SUITS, value for
$aoo; will be sold at $3-00
50 GRAY TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in all sizes; value for $10.00; will
be sold a $7.50
30 SILVER GRAY SUITS, tailor-made; value for $12.50; will be sold
»t $10.00
LADIES' COLORED SILK WAISTS; will be offered at ?3.50
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED KID GLOVES; value for
$1.75; will be sold at $1.15
50 dozen COLORED MOREEN SKIRTS; value for $1.00; will be
told at 50c
LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, tan shades; value for $7.50,
will be cold at $5.00
LADIES' BLACK AND BLUE ETON SUITS; value for $25.00; will
be sold at $17.50
NOVELTY SUITS, at $20.00, $30.00, up to $50.00
OUR ENTIRE STOCK of PLAID DRESS GOODS will be of-
fered at REDUCED PRICES. FUR CAPES marked down. ELEC-
TRIC SEAL CAPES marked down.
"' "¦ J ' . -' m W-*'"jv ** , '¦ -' ¦
All goods marked in plain figures. Suits made to order; perfect fit
guaranteed. We are a strictly one-priced house.
New Goods Arriving Every Day!
We are showing the latest styles
in the following lines :
TAILOR-MADE SUITS, TAILOR-MADE JACKETS,
TAILOR-MADE SKIRTS,
BLACK SILK SKIRTS, SILK WAISTS,
SILK PETTICOATS,
FEATHER BOAS, FANCY NECKWEAR,
BLACK AND COLORED DRESS GOODS,
SILK CAPES, CLOTH CAPES,
LADIES' KID GLOVES,
LADIES' APPLIQUE SUITS,
LADIES' APPLIQUE SKIRTS.
1146 Market Street,
The Largest Cloak and Suit ilonse in San Francisco.
BAY COAST ROAD
MAY NOW OBTAIN
ITS FRANCHISE
City Attorney Lane Holds a
i Charter Provision to
Be Untenable.
Supervisors May Not Deny the Ap
plication to Enter City Because
the Company Has Not Fifty
Miles of Track/
The City Attorney yesterday informed
the Board of Supervisors that the charter
provision which states that "the Board of
Supervisors shall have power (subdivision
20) to allow any transcontinental or other
railroad company having not less than
fifty miles of road actually constructed
and in operation to enter the city and
county with its road and run its cars to
the water front at the most suitable point
for public convenience" is" untenable in
law. The City Attorney was asked to re
port upon the petition of the Bay and
Coast Railway Company for" permission to
operate a double track eteam railroad
along and upon certain streets. The com
pany not having at the present time titty
miles of road entering this city was re
fuaed th» franchise by the Supervisors,
but under the Interpretation of the City
Attorney permission to enter the city may
now be granted.
The opinion, which is very interesting,
reads in part as follows:
One possible construction of this provision
Is that It is thereby intended to prevent the
entrance into this city and county of any
railroad not having fifty miles of road in
operation at the time when the franchise is
applied for. But the language of the sub
division is not of a character to make evi
dent such Intention: it is not in any sense
initiatory, and it is not to be readily be
lieved that it was the purpose of the char
ter makers to shut the gates of this city
against all railroads except such as could
show an established line longer than that
from San Francisco to San Jose. Such in
terpretation would bar further elec
tric and steam railroad connection with all
the suburbs of the city to the south and
five a permanent monopoly in such traffic
to the roads already existing. The charter
does not elsewhere contain evidence of so
extremely conservative a purpose aa would
be manifest under such construction. And
It is to be seriously questioned if such pro
vision would not be contrary to State pol
icy and beyond the scope of a municipal
charter.
A more reasonable construction than that
Just considered is that subdivision IS was in
tended as a protection against the acquir
ing by "paper" railroads of valuable rights
along the water front; that it was a recogni
tion of the supreme value to the city of its
harbor and expressive of a determination
to Drevent railroads that were constructive
but not constructed from obtaining privi
leges along the water front, which might
later be sold to the highest bidder without
the building of a single mile of track. Un
der such construction It would appear that
the Intention was to reserve such privileges
for those roads which are of a transcon
tinental character or which at least extend
for a considerable distance In the country.
In conclusion, the theory that all rail
roads whatsoever were intended to be ex
cluded from the city excepting those with
fifty miles of road already built is unten
able; the construction which makes the pro
vision a limitation but only applicable In
roads extending to the water front is not
one upon which there is occasion to express
any opinion at this time, for the applica
tion for a franchise here involved as
amended does not extend the road to the
water line. It appears, therefore, that
there is no provision of the charter limiting
the power of the city to grant applications
of this character.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL '11, 1900.
HOMER, DANTE, MILTON: BY VIDA D. SCUDDER.
Copyright, 1900,
by Seymour Eaton
GOLDEN AGES OF* LITERATURE.
XIV. HOMER, DANTE AND
MILTON.
BY VIDA D. SCUDDER.
It seems natural to group these three
great epic poets together, but at least be
tween Dante and Homer there are few
points of contact. Nothing could better
measure the distance In experience trav
eled by the human race from the dawn of
civilization to the culmination, so far. of
Christianity as the contrast between the
"Iliad" and "Odyssey" and the "Divine
Comedy."
The scene of the Homeric poems is this
earth. They show us men loving, hating,
quarreling, fighting, dying with a superb
naturalness that comes fresh to us to-day
through all the centuries since they were
written. The "Iliad" shows us pre-emi
nently man the lighter, and his foes are
of flesh and blood. The "Odyssey" shows
us pre-eminently man the wanderer, and
the hero traverses the surface of a world
still teeming indeed with marvel, yet with
all its marvels wholly open to the eye of
sense. They are glorious poems. Their
spell is cast on all who read them, from
childhood to manhood. There is in them a
joy of life, a vigor, a movement, an en
thusiasm for all the natural activities and
passions of men, which belong to the
youth of the race and which we catch
once more as we retreat within the Ho
meric horizon.
The scene of the "Divine Comedy" of
Dante is the soul of one Individual man.
We no longer follow the movement of bat
tles; we no longer sail over the world.
note in Dante's poem that we do not find
in Milton's. Milton wrote a most wonder
ful description of the Garden of Eden and
of Adam and Eve in it. This description
is one of the great things in literature. It
Is so powerful in beauty, in melody, in in
tellectual presentment, that for genera
tions it fairly imposed on the English
imagination, and although It bore little
relation to the mysterious, brief account
of paradise and the fall in Holy Writ, we
stlil to-day mix up Milton with the Bible.
And yet, with all the beauty of the de
scription, we do not feel as if Milton had
visited the place. I am quite sure that
Dante, in his own person, wandered in
that little wood, where the breeze was
blowing and the brook was flowing, on
the top of the Mount of Purgatory. I am
never, I confess, certain that Milton's own
feet had strayed through the winding
paths of his Eden.
The noblest part of the "Paradise Lost"
is the marvelously exalted yet somber
treatment of hell and of Lucifer. Every
one knows the magnificent description of
that dreary but Impressive region of the
shades; of Lucifer, "with faded splendor
wan," presiding, in dignity great as his
anguish, over his concourse of grand
though sinning demons, winging his way
in awful flight through chaos, tempting
Eve, despite a momentary visiting of re
morseful agony, and returning to hla
dark realm, only to find that he presides
by poetic Justice splendidly conceived no
longer over infernal princes but over in
fernal serpents. It is glorious work.
Dante has nothing like It. There is a
famous passage in Macaulay's youthful
essay on Milton, comparing the concep
tions of hell In Milton and in Dante, In
which Macaulay says that Milton is far
the greater because less definite, leaving
more scope for his imagination; and it
has been pointed out again and again
that Milton's hell and his devil have an
unfailing dignity and grandeur, while
Dante's are often almost absurdly gro
tesque. It is true. Nothing could be more
strangely different, for Instance, than the
conceptions of Lucifer. Dante's Lucifer
is no magnificently tragic, impressive,
though fallen angel: he is a helpless, mon
strous creature. He sticks forever, mo
tionless, at the lowest point of bell. In
the exact center of the earth; the weight
of the whole material world pressing upon,
him from every side. From his three
horrible heads flow tears that perpetually
freeze; he gnaws three chief sinners in
his three Jaws and the slow waving of his
batlike wings diffuses an icy wind of death
throughout the nethermost hell; for to
Dante, cold, not fire, is the supreme ex
pression of the second death. All this is
very strange; far less appealing than Mil
ton; yet if we think we may discover that
Dante had a special meaning and had
brooded long over the nature and function
of evil before he presented Lucifer as he
did.
Meanwhile, when we turn to comparing
the heavens of the two poets, Macaulay's
distinction becomes entirely false; one
questions if he had ever read anything In
Dante, beyond the "Inferno." For Mil
ton's heaven is a large, definite country,
with precise geography, up somewhere in
the sky. Dante's 13 definite though or
dered space. The heaven of "Paradise
Lost" is surrounded by a crystal battle
ment; the rebel angels have their country
seats in the northern part of the land;
when they are In the final conflict routed
by the Messiah they are driven back to
the battlement, and breaking through it
fall down, down through the material uni
verse of chaos till they tumble into hell.
The denizens of this country nre as clearly
visible to us as the scenery They axe
magnificent creations, Milton's angels; it
is well to compare them with Dante's,
which are quite differently and far more
mystically conceived— less loquacious,
less like intelligent statesmen on a heroic
scale; more like spiritual forces, focused
and made visible. There Is one point, at
.all events, and this most important, whera
no one can question which of our two
poets is the greater— the treatment of the
Deity. Here Milton made a great mis
take, for he brought God directly upon the
scene, made him talk, and talk, moreover,
of all subjects in the world, on theology.
The anthropomorphic method of the
"Paradise Lost" is absolutely obnoxious
here. Dante was wiser; it is not for us to
say whether his greater wisdom sprung
from deeper reverence. God in his "Para
diso" is all pervasive, and the conscious
ness of every spirit in paradise is fixed
on him alone; but he Is unapparent. and
even at the climax, where the beatific
vision is attained, we see that vision only
in a symbol, and understand its nature
rather from the wondrous solemnity of
Dante's passion than from any other
cause.
Indeed, we may as well say frankly that
out of the Scriptures no poet has ever
been successful In depicting heaven— a
state of unshadowed light, untroubled joy
—except Dante. The more on« studies the
"Paradlso" the more wonderful it ap
pears. And the reason why Dante has
succeeded where all others have failed is
because he alone has, so far as man can
do, discarded anthropomorphism and
adopted a method wholly symbolic. His
saints and angels do not appear to us in
the body: they are described simply by
deepening li«rht. by sniftinsr. dreamlike
symbol. It Is Impossible to suggest the
manifold forms of beauty In which the
life of the blessed Is revealed. They ara
manifest as rainbows and flowers, an
dancing lijchts, as reflections In clear
water, as flying birds of light, as ruble*
in the sun. as a golden stairway mounting
upward, as a crown, as stars losing them
selves in a deepening day. as a river of
light and. finally, as a celestial rose— the
rose of the blessed, wherein all the saints,
tier after tier, intoxicated by the fra
grance of that wonderful world-flower, sit
gazing toward the golden center, which is
God. As he sees all these Images of glory
Dante's mood is one of worship and Joy
unspeakable. "That which I was seeing
seemed to me a smile of the universe!"
he exclaims. And his Joy la essentially
not because of the beauty, not because of
the melody that ever sounds through the
ranks of the redeemed, not for any nat
ural reason, but supremely and finally be
cause this heaven Is a holy place. He has
made us feel its holiness: feel that we are
in a region where sin is ended and ban
ished, though character remains. This Ist
a wonderful thing to do. Milton did great
things, but he could not do this. Milton's
heaven Is, of course, supposed to be th«
abode of righteousness; but we do not feel
IF bo. In Dante three lovely lines, near
the beginning of the "Paradise." sum up
the whole effect. "In hfs will is our
peace." says one of the least of the
blessert ones. "It is that sea whereunto is
moving all that which it creates and that
which nature makes." "Tn la sua volun
tade c nostra pace": these great wnrda »ra
the text on which th* whole of the "Di
vine Comedy" is but the comment
\ SSttGHAM'S\
\£& PiLLS i
* are the best and safest ' \
[FAMILY MEDICINE;
{ for all J
bilious and ]
[nervous disorders;
» 10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists. 1
f% Irr n nil I I Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAL sra&s
Will tm lIVIIIU E C . Overcoats and
¦"-• - • Valises c decked free.
AMUSEMENTS.
PIS CHER'S
JL CONCERT HOUSE
t22-i24 O'FARRELL ST.
E. A. FISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOOSER Manager
Th« Handsomest Musle Hall In America.
Th« Best Orchestra. ln the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:
NEW BILL TO-NIGHT.
8:00-AUGUST HINRICHS' SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
8:2»-SIGNORINA PUERERL
B:3S— SENORITA SALVINL
9:O7— BABY RUTH.
9:23— SIGNORINA POIXETTINI.
9:33,-SIGNORINA BARDUCCI.
10:17— DUET— VARGA8-SAI/VINL
10:24— BABY RUTH.
11:00 to 11:45-"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
10c; ADMISSION 100
CENTRAL PARK, S : ?jJ§£
TWO WEEKS. Beginning Saturday, April 14th.
GENTRY'S sSaa
Trained Animal Show!
Lancer and Grander than Ever. Twice Its
former slxe. Three Hundred Elephants, Ponies,
Monkeys and Dors. Giving positively the most
unique and novel exhibition ever witnessed
under canvas. : Representing the highest pos-
sible development of animal Intelligence. 73—
WONDERFUL ACTS— 76. More startling and
difficult than ever performed by their human
prototypes In the R&wduet arena. The fad of
the fashionables and an Instructive show for old
and youne. A most moral and refined enter-
tainment. The cleanest and best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. Admission— Children, 10c;
Adults. 25c. Performance at i o'clock after-
noon, 8:t0 night. See Grand Parade at noon
Mrh day Show rain or rhino. f
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
SIXTH MEETING, April 9 to 20, Inclusive. •
8U high-class running races every week day,
rain or ehlne, beginning at 1:30 p. m. ¦
The Ideal winter . racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand «tand, gloss-Inclosed, where,
comfortably housed in bad weather, . they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townaend streets at
10:00, 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:13. 12:85, 12:50
and 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately, after
last race at 4:45 p. m. -Seats in rear cars re-
served for women and their escorta. No smok-
ing. Valencia street, 10 minutes later.
Sen Jose and .Way Stations — Arrive at San
: Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m. • - >
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to - track. $1.25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
**. H- GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
MATINEE TO-DAY fWEDNESDAT). April 11.
Parquet. 250. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren 10c, any part.
BOBBY OAYLOR; / I pnmorfw
DE FORRESTS; / A UOIIIGUJ
EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR; / Dill flf
SI STEBBINS; / JJ" 1 Ul
MATTHEWS and HARRIS: / IJnSlir-
HARRY COGILL and / Ulloul
MAY ARLEA; / D3SS6Q
KARL and SHEPHERD; / r H U< " J " U
carrie behr. / Eicelleiice.
= LAST WEEK. OF =
A. L. OTJILLE.
COLUMBIAN
E*«Ty Night. Including Sunday— Matinse Sat.
FIRST i( PART: Wm I West , s BIQ
NUMBERS.
10 HITS i^nstrel
§§1; J i?£ ee!
BUITC f GREAT FIRST PART!
til 10 I =70==
Here's where you get
It BIG "WINNERS, ii run for your money.
SPECIAL PRICES— 2Sc, 35c, 50c, 75c, $1.
*TtVOLI*
A PRONOUNCED ARTISTIC. A MUSICAL.
SUCCESS!!
Balfe's Beautiful Ballad Ocera,
IS BOHEMIAN GE
EVERY EVENING. MATINEE SATURDAY.
SPECIAL!!— NEXT WEEK— SPECIAL!!
Frank Daniels* Great Comic Opera,
"THE WIZARDS THE NILE"
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
Telephone. Bush ». .
OLYMriA cffiKfe.
THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
THE BLACK BARTONS,
The Biggest Hit of the Seaxon.
ALICE RAYMOND,
America's Greatest Cornetlst.
THELMA VVINFIELD,
First Appearance of the Celebrated Violinist.
TRIXEDA,
L*«t Week of Thlc Marvel of Beauty.*
MLLE. THELMA,
In Poses Plajstlque*.
And Out Celebrated Stock Company.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
TJTJTTOXJI7Q rOR BARBERS, BAK-
KK M OXIIjO ""• bootblacks, bath-
ASAIIS «**« ** houses, billiard tabJes.
brewers bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyera flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roof er». tanners. 1 tailors, etc
BUCUAMVM BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St ,
7
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORETrading In local stocks and bonds was fair
on the morning session. Gas and Electric de
clined to $50 75. Honokaa Plantation advanced
to $34 and Spring Valley Water to $33 73.
The only change In the afternoon was a
decline in Giant Powder to $83 60.
The oil stocks continued dull.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. April 10— 2 d. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask;
U S Bonds — Eqult G L Co. — 3T»
4s quar c0up..H4%115 Mutual El Co. — 12%
4s do reg 114%115 OG L & H... «% —
4s do ci> new.. 133% — Pac Gas Imp.. 60 61
3s do coup HO%IU Pac LCo — 45%
Miscellaneous— S F O & E.... 60% 51%
Cal-st Cab 55.. 117% — San Francisco. 4H —
C C Wat. 55...105T, — Stkn G&ECo 10 —
Ed L& P 65..1?. i — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 65. .114 — Flrem's Fund.223 —
Geary-st R ss. — 92% Bank Stocks—
H C & S 5%5. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. €1 —
Do 6* 105%106% Bank of Cat... 407% —
L A Ry 65. ...104 — Cal 8D & T..102% —
L A L Co 6s. — — First National. — 290
Do gntd 65.. — — Lon P & A. ..132 —
Do gntd 55.. J 101 Merchants* Ex 15 —
L A & P R 55.1C2% — Savings Banks—
Market-st 65... 125% — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do lat M 68.116% — Ger 8 & L..1550 —
NCN G R 75.10S — Hum S& L. — —
NR of Cal 6s. 113% — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
NP of Cal 55. 115 — S F Say U.. 510 " —
NPC R R 65. 104% — Say & L So. 74 78
NPC R R 55.107 — Sec. Sev BR. — —
NC R R 55. ...112 — Union T Co. — —
Oak G L&H3s.IOS% — Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 63...113%U4%]Ca11f0rnia 120%122
Oak WCo 35.. — 105% Geary-st 50 —
Oceanic S C 0. .106 106% Market-st Ry.. 63% 64
Om C Ry 65. .125 — OS L & H... — 60
P&CI Ry 65..1C4% — Presidio 13% 20
Pk &O Ry 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.117 — California 155 165
Sac I. & GR5s. 90 — Giant Con Co.. 83% 53%
SF & SJV u5. 116 117 Vigorlt 3% 3%
SRy of Cal 65.113 — Sugar Stocks—
S P of A 65...112%113% Hana S P Co. 9% 9%
SP C 65(1305).105% — Haw C&S Co — —
Do (1906) 111 — Honokaa S Co. 33*4 —
Do (1912) — — Hutch SP Co 28% 27
Do Ist eg ss. — — Kllauea S Co. 22 —
S P Br 6s 126%127% Makaweli S Co 48% 43
S V Water 65.1U%U4% Onomea S Co.. 28% —
Do 4s 103%104% Paauhau S Co. 32% 33
S V W 45(3dm)102 103 Miscellaneous —
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 103 Al Pack Assn.HS%ll9
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.lo3 104
Contra Costa.. 64"4 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County. — — Oceanic S Co. — 96%
Spring Valley. 56% — Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric — Pac C Bor C 0.130 —
Cent O L Co.. — — Par Paint Co. 10 —
Cent L & P... 4 4%
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers* Association us 50
20 Contra Costa Water (4 75
25 Equitable Gas 350
25 Hana Plantation Company 9 50
53 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 89 00
15 Honokaa Sugar Company 33 50
245 Honokaa Sugar Company 34 00
170 Hutchlnson S P Co .28 37%
75 Kilauea S P Co 22 00
$5000 Los Angeles Ry 6 per cent bonds 103 75
$10.0C0 Los Angele* Ry 5 per cent bonds.. 104 00
175 Paauhau S P Co 32 23
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 50 75
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 60 87%
33 S V Water 95 75
100 Vigorlt 3 25
Street—
$35,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge). ...102 CO
$17,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mtge). ...104 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 California Fruit Canners 103 00
15 Giant Powder Con gj 50
10 Giant Powder Con S3 6°%
10 Honokaa S Co 34 co
60 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 37%
165 Hutchlnson S P Co 26 50
23 Kllauea S P Co 2200
36000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds ..104 0O
75 Makaweli 4* 3714
15 Market-st Ry 63 50'
,60 Onomea Sugar Co 28 23
' 10 Onomea Sugar Co 2S 37%
120 Paauhau S P Co 32 25
10 S V Water 9575
250 VlKorlt Powder 325
Street —
$4000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds ..104 00
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge) 102 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
150 Anaconda ..' 55
140 Barker Ranch 1 15
30 Home Oil 353
Street—
BO Yukon 138
Afternoon Session.
Beard—
100 Anaconda S5
20 Home Oil :... .; 3 50
300 Home Oil:. ...-. 3 4i
200 Petroleum Center 30
60 Yukon 130
New York Stock Market,
NEW YORK. April 10.— The movement of
prices In torday's stock market largely rep
resented a contest of speculative forces for
rupremacy. The force* of reaction finally pre
vailed end the market closed decidedly weak
and at a level generally below last night*
close. This result wa* achieved after many
vicissitudes und extreme irregularity, but the
mere feet of the prifsence of an aggressive
bear clique ir. the market served as a deterrent
to the buying demand from outsiders which
has constituted the underlying ftrength cf the
market. Commission house* rrport a large
falling off In the volume of orders which have
made the market open for many days with
a rush to iniy und which served to convenient
ly absorb the profit -taking sales of the profes
sional element. This clas* of order* has either
been withdrawn t>r has been placed at a level
cf prices belcw that now existing. The opera
tor* for the decline have not yet succeeded in
bringing out any very heavy volume of offer
ings, but they work in the confidence they will
reach stop-loss orders, which will precipitate
a eudden drop all around. Tbelr effort* were
contested to-day by poor operations In a num
ber of stocks and the continued demand from
London for stocks was against them. But
the operators for a rts» seemed to lose courage
toward the close of the day and realizing In
stocks which had shown strength was very
general. These included in the railroad list
particularly the Baltimore and Ohio stocks,
Missouri Pacific and other Southwestern rail
roads, Norfolk and Western and some of the
coalers. The Industrials and specialties were
extremely active and irregular under the in
fluence of special causes. Sugar rallied sharply
from an early decline on the announcement
that the company's principal competitor had
advanced the price of refined sugars to a
parity. The stock sold off again with the
general weakness of the market. Third Ave
nue shot up nearly 10 points on the announce
ment that Its bond Issue had been placed. A
long-standing short Interest was forced to take
losses and close out, after which the stock
relapsed somewhat. Realizing by the Brook
lyn transit pool forced the stock down 4%
points from the early high level. The metal
stocks were under bear pressure, especially
Steel and Wire. The bears circulated rumors
that difficulties had been encountered in the
projected listing of the stock on the London
Stock Exchange. Continental Tobacco suf
fered from rumors of a poor showing of earn
ings to be made in the annual report which
is expected to-morrow. The Pacific stocks
suffered especially from bear pressure and
realizing and the grangers were somewhat af
fected by the forecasts of the Government crop
report, which had a bullish effect on the
wheat market. The s'.gns of discouragement
on the part of the manipulators for the ad
vance accentuated the reactionary tendency as
the day progressed and some sharp net losses
in railroad stocks are the result. A further
rise In sterling exchange to within a fraction
of the gold export point led to a discussion
of the prospect of an outward movement of
gold. The continued ease of money here would
favor such a movement, but the taking up In
the installment of the British loan which
stiffened to-day's money market in London
may be followed by a relaxation In money
rates there and a sympathetic response in
sterling exchange here.
The bond market was moderately quiet and
price changes were irregular. Total sales, par
value, $2,200,000.
United States new 4s declined % and the
old 4s advanced % and the 5s % in the bid
price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST. [
E SoYd" Stocks- a Sd."
6.510 Atchison 26T»
22.&50 Atchison prefd 70%
5.070 Baltimore & Ohio S5
100 Canadian Pacific &7%
1.720 Canada Southern 56%
16.85K» Chesapeake & Ohio 83
I.GfO Chicago Great Western 14%
6,275 Chicago Burlington & (julncy 129V4
I.CIO Chicago Ind & Louisville 26%
100 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 58
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 102%
100 Chicago & Northwestern 162
4.410 Chicago Rock Island &. Pacific 112
I.SfO C C C & St Louis 63*4
300 Colorado Southern 6%
110 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43>4 |
200 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
IES Delaware & Hudson 117
200 Delaware Lacka wanna & Western. ISO%
362 Denver & Rio Grande 21
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73%
310 Erie 14
1.652 Erie Ist prefd 41%
Great Northern prefd 163
2f<o Hocking Coal 18%
1.020 Hocking Valley 39 7 »
400 Illinois Central 115%
C.COO lowa Central IS%
lowa Central prefd 54%
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 18
2.3^ Lake Erie & Western S2v»
£30 Lake Erie & Western prefd 97
Lake Khore 200
2.540 Louisville & Nashville M%
25,!>25 Manhattan Elevated 97%
6.767 Metropolitan Street Railway .166%
1,200 Mexican Central 13
[ 200 Minneapolis & St Louis 61
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96
73,980 Missouri Pacific 54%
110 Mobile & Ohio 46%
200 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11%
13.830 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... 36%
2.410 New Jersey Central 119%
2.M33 New York Central 136%
21.757 Norfolk & Western ?. 3C%
I 1.047 Norfolk & Western prefd 77V4
16.240 Northern Pacific 59%
1.650 Northern Pacific prefd 7C%
3,275 Ontario & Western 25%
Oregon Railway i.Nay 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
23.920 Pennsylvania 139%
1.020 Reading 19%
5.550 Reading Ist prefd 64
1,000 Reading 2<l prefd 34
Rio Grande Western 03%
....... Rio Grande Western prefd 89
ICO St Louis & San Fran 11%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70%
400 ft Louis & Pan Fran 2d prefd 374
410 St Louis Southwestern 12%
10 030 St Louis Southwestern prefd 32%
7.250 fit Paul 123%
157 Ft Paul prefd 172%
St Paul & Omaha 117
I 21,785 Southern Pacific 33%
2,900 Southern Railway 14%
3.410 Southern Railway prefd 59%
16.900 Texas A Pacific 15%
34.760 Union Pacific «7%
1,600 Union Pacific, prefd 76%
Wabash 8
6,200 Wabash prefd .; 23
430 Wheeling & I/ake Erie 10*4
I.OCB Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 30%
1,100 Wisconsin Central IS%
Express Companies —
Adams 117
American H»
United States 47%
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous—
£00 American Cotton Oil 37
American Cotton Oil prefd .* 93
American Maltlnc *V*
American Malting prefd 21
1,300 American Smelting & Refining 39%
COO Am Smelting & Refining prefd 89%
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
2,150 American Steel Hoop 32
400 American Steel Hood prefd.. 80
50.27S American SteeJ & Wire 52%
675 American Steel & Wire prefd BSU
700 American Tin Plate 32>4
American Tin Plate prefd 83%
12. C0 American Tobacco 106%
American Tobacco prefd 135
24.C00 Anaconda Mining Co f.3%
t2.5?5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76%
R. 085 Colorado Fuel & Iron 45%
24.757 Continental Tobacco 28%
4,110 Continental Tobacco prefd $1
14.540 Federal Fteel 47\i
570 Federal Steel prefd 72%
500 General Electric 132
100 Glucose Sugar 51%
JOO Glurose Surar prefd. ..l SS%
2,565 International Paper 23"
International Paper prefd 64
Laclede Gp.s 70
National Biscuit 34»i
National Biscuit prefd S8
600 Notional Lead ¦ 23%
National Lear 1 , prefd 104%
7.9;0 National Pteel 41
National Steel prefd... B4
New York Air Brake 125
200 North American 15%
632 Pacific Coast £2%
Pacific Coast Ist preM ti
rr\ Pacific Count 2d prefd «3%
f*o Pacific Mail • 33
11.7*0 People's Gas ...107%
1.10 Pressed Steel Car f.2%
Pressed Steel Car prefd R3
XA Pullman Pslace Car... IS3
r*v> Ptßndard Rope & Twine 6%
42.7X0 Sugar 109%
inn £u«ar. prefd .....103
l.*<w Tennessee Coal & 1r0n.... M%
1,075 rr n <ted Ptates Leather...... 12%
315 fnlte«l States Leather prefd.. 73
l.ftW) T'nlted Ptaten Htihber .S3
•210 fnlted St»te* Rubber prefd.. '.. ......100
400 Western Union MM,
1.045 Republic Iron & Rte«l '... 20%
Renubllc Iron A Steel prefd f.4
P C C ft St Louis 67
itSM Third Avenue ...116%
713,200 Shares cold - : ........ -
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 10.— FLOUR— Receipts.
25.375; exports, SSC4 barrels; sales, 8800 pack
ages; fairly active on low-grade winters and
winter straights, but there was little call for
spring bakers or other spring wheat brands.
V.'HE AT— Receipts, 110.005; exports. 23,687
bushels; spot, quiet; No. 2 red, 79% c f. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 2 red, 7C%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 77% c f. o. b. float, prompt;
No. 1 hard D.uluth, 79% c f. o. b. afloat, prompt.
Options displayed firmness pretty much all
day as a result of local covering, inspired by
bullish gossip en the Government crop report
together with strong Continental markets and
good foreign buying; closed, flrm at %@%c net
advance: May, 73 15-16®74%c, closed 74% c; July,
closed, 74% c; September. 74%1§74%c closed at
74% c.
I HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm. .
WOOL— Quiet. V-V: '¦"¦"• ' r ~'
COFFEE— Options closed steady at unchanged
prices to 15 points advance. Total sales
reached 25,000 bags. Including May, $6 85; July,
$6 90; September, $7 05@7 10; October, $7 05@
7 10; November, $7 10; December, $7 35<g7 40;
January, $7 40'g'7 43; February, $7 60. Spot
coffee— Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, 7?4c; No. 7
Jobbing, B%c; mild, steady; Cordova, 9%@14c.
SUGAR— Raw, strong; fair refining, 3 15-16 c;
centrifugal, S6 test. 4 7-16 c; molasses sugar,
3%c; refined, strong.
BUTTER— Receipts. 9400 packages: steady;
Western creamery, 17ff2Oc; factory, 16@17%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 24.P87 packages; flrm; stor
age Western at mark, 12%<§125ic; regular pack
ing, 12% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
While not particularly active the market for
evaporated apples developed considerable stead
iness of undertone in view of the light supply,
on hand and better country advices. The mar
ket, however, remains unchanged as to price.
California dried fruits exhibited little energy,
ruling dull at unchanged prices.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
' 4%<[/sc: prime, 5%©6 c; choice, 7@7%c; fancy, ,
7%f«8%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%<3!7c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13ffl5c; Moorpark. 15i3?l$c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lS<??22c; unpeeled, 7%®9c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April 10.— The local market for
tin reacted from yesterday's decline from $30 50
to $30 75. a net rise of 25 points. The advance
was due chiefly to favorable advices from Lon
don and the scarcity of sellers. The close was
firmer but quiet at $30 Co®3o 75.
Lake copper continues to hold flrm at $17.
Pig iron warrants were dull and nominal.
Lead ruled dull and nominally unchanged,
closing at the old basis of $4 67% bid and $4 72%
asked.
Spelter was steady and unchanged, closing
at $4 72% bid and $4 77% asked.
The brokers' price for lead was $4 45 and for
copper $17 25@17 50. .
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, April 10.— Wheat began the session
firm, May Vie over yesterday at 67(567%c. Paris
was higher and the Michigan condition was put
at 64 per cent. Ordinarily such items would
have received but little notice, but as there
was no early news of another sort, traders took
what they could get and acted on it. The mar
ket, touched 66% c, following the opening, ' but
receded later, helped by Bradstreet's decrease
In the world's visible and the strength of corn.
May ascendlnc to 67% c. The close was flrm.
May %<S%c up to 67Uc. The market was ; nar
row and mostly local in character.- Uncertainty
over the Government report had the effect ¦of
blocking uny big moves .either way. As the
secslon progressed the • belief that the > report
might put the condition under previous ex
pectations crew and undoubtedly' had some ef
fect in boosting . the ¦ price. . - ' '
Corn was strong but rather dull, helped by
provisions and renewed buying by a prominent
long, 1 who had recently confined himself -to
heavy profU-taklnir. .The news -was rather
bearish, but was generally ignored." The mar
ket was a. small one. ~ May closed %@%c over
yesterday. .The low rates West expired to-day
and a reduction in receipts is expected in con
sequence. •
Oats followed corn with' quiet fidelity. : May
closed firm. He up.
Provisions were active and strong, , although
hogs were ' easier. ' Liverpool ¦ was higher .for
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty day*.... — $* 81%
Sterling Exchange, sight.. — ? 08
Sterllnff Cables — > ? f3
New York Exchange, 5ight....... — l»
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — *X' 4
Mexican Dollars «% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are nominal on the
epot at about 40s, usual options. The chartered
wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage of
25,700. aralnst 2150 tons on the same date last
year; disengaged, 2565 ' tons, against 33,580; on
the way to this port, 153.277 tons, against 176,
830
WHEAT— The Caithness-shire takes for Cork
61.474 ctls. valued at $61,475.
Paris was higher. Chicago l was several frac
tions ; firmer, but Inactive. . Continental cables
were strong. The condition of the Michigan
crop was given at 65. During the morning all
markets became stronger and more active, Corn
leading.: Thera was a good demand for cash
wheat and the seaboard reported foreign buying
of futures.': ¦"¦ ¦ •-' **.--<
The local market was dull and unchanged. \
Spot 'Wheat— Shipping,. -96%@97%c; milling,
9S%c@sloUi. .¦¦ ~ :¦ v ¦'¦'
CALL' BOARD SALES,
v Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
97c. • •' .
.Second Session— May— l4,ooo. ctls., 07% c.
. i Regutar Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 04% ; 2000,; $1 04% ; May T 2000, ; 96% c.
Afternoon SesslCn— May— 2ooo ctls, 96% c; 4000,
97c: 2000, 97% c; December— 2ooo, $1 04%; 28,000,
$1 05.
, BARLEY— The market continues lifeless and
nominal. , . -
•Feed, 75c. for No. 1 and 65©72% c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades. 80©
87% c; Chevalier, nominal.. ,'.; '¦,/'?.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sale*.
- Second Session— No: sales.
Regular Morning Sesblon— No sales. .
Afternoon Session — No sales.-" * ",
OATS— Dealers quote the ; old' prices, with a
dull and nominal market.
White; $1 10@l 30; Red. 85c@$l 17%; Gray,
$1 07%(i?l 15; Black. 97%®51 05.
'CORN— AII description* remain as previously
THE STOCK MARKET.
TO XRRTTB.
CLOSING BONDS.
Chollar 10
Crown Point 16
Con Cal & Va 1 60
Dead wood 65
Gould & Curry 25
Hale & NorcroßS... 30
Homestake 50 on
Iron Silver 65
Mexican 22
Ontario 8 25
Ophlr 75
Plymouth 12
Quicksilver 1 50
Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
.Sierra Nevada 43
Standard 8 15
Union Con 2S
Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— t
Call loans 3%f4%|
Time loans 4 @5
Stocks —
A T & S F 26%
A T Sz S F prefd.. 70%!
American Sugar. ...lo!* I
Am Sugar prefd 110 !
Bell Telephone ....316 !
Boston & A1bany.. .245% I
Boston Elevated.. ..llB j
Chgo Bur & Q 123%
Dominion Coal 43%
Pom Coal prefd 115
Federal Steel 47
Fed Steel prefd 72%!
Fltchburg prefd. ...135%:
general Electric. '...l 32 I
Gen Elec prefd 136
Ed Elec 111 205 j
Mexican Central... 12% I
N E Gas & Coke... 77%!
Old Colony 205 I
Old Dominion 22U
Union Pacific 67»4!
Union Land 2%
West End 93
Wls Central 18%
Bonds—
Atchison 4s 100U
N E Gas&Coke ss. 69
Mining Shares-
Adventure 6%
Allouez Mln C 0.... 2
A ma Ik Copper 95
Atlantic ..< 26
Boston A M0nt. ...320
Butte & 805t0n.... 80
Talumet & Hec1a..750
Centennial 22%
Franklin 15%
Humboldt 11
}sceola 70
Parrot , 47%
Oulncy 13S
Banta Fe Copper... 6?i
Tamarack 19S
Utah Mining 33%
Wolverines 40%
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, April 10.— Money on call
steady, at 3@4 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper. 4U@5 per cent. Sterl
ing exchange strong, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 S7VJ 4 87% for demand and
$4 SSVi for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 84Q4 Sl%
and $4 88. Commercial bills, $4 83U^4 83%. Sil
ver certificates, CO^ffClUc. Bar stiver, 59V»c.
Mexican dollars. 47* 4 c. Government bonds. Ir
regular; State bonds. Inactive; railroad bonds.
Irregular.
Cotidition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 10.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $153,348,009; gold, 594.955.216.
London Market.
NEW TORK. April 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were neglected, but steady
to-day. Business is likely to be dead until
next week. Americans. were very Idle, but had
both the continent and London buying slightly.
New York took some Norfolk and Western
and Baltimore and Ohio, picking the former up
In the street and then letting It droi>.
Ccy>per 6har<>s were steady. The bank bought
£20.000 xold in bars.
Money was hard. The bank did a fair loan
business at 5 per cent and considerable dis
counting. Parts cheque, $25 20; Berlin, $20 4S.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 100 Vi; Union Pacific prefer
red. 79%; Northern Pacific preferred, 79V4: At
chison.- 2SV4; Grand Trunk, 8%; Anaconda, 11
Rand mines, 36H.
Bar silver, steady, 27% d per ounce.
Money. 3%@4
U S 2s refndg, when
Issued 103
do 2» reg 991,4
do 3s reg '. 109H
do 3s coup 110^4
do new 4a reg... 133
do new 4s coup.. 133
do. old 4s reg 11454
do coup 114%
do 5s reg 114
do 6s coup 114
Dlst of Col 3.655.. 120
Atchison gen 45. ..100%
do adj 4s .' 84* i
Can So 2ds 107
Ches & Ohio 4Hs— 99%
do 5s 122
C & N W con 78..143H
do S F deb 55... 122
Chi Term 4s 96Vi
D &R G lsts 103M
do 4s 99Vi
E T Va & Ga lsts.lo2^ 1
Erie gen 4s 74% .
Ft W& D C lsts.. 72
Gen Elec Ss U7!4
G 11 & S A 65..... .110^4
do 2ds 108
H & T Cen Es 110
do con 6s t...10S
lowa Cent lsts 115
X C P & G lsts... 73%
La new con 45.... 107
M X & T 2d5.:.... 69%
do 4s 93^i
L & Nash uni 45... 101
N V Cen lsts 110 ft
N J Cen gen 55.. 124
No Carolina 65. ...127
do 4a 106
No Pac 3s «814
do 4s 104%
N. V C & St L 45. 106
Norf & W con 45.. 97%
do gen Cs 133
Or Nay lsts 110
do 4s 10KJ
Or S Line 6s 128
do con as 114".j
Reading gen 4s S3 1 .4
It G W lsts 99%
St L & I M ss. 11l
do gen Cg 122%
St Paul cons 172
St P C & Pac lsts.H9*i
do 5s 121%
Bo Railway 5s — 113
B Rope & T 65.... 73
Term new set 35.. 95 '
Tex & Pac 15t5... .11*
do 2ds 57
Union Pac 4s . ...IC6V4
Wabash lsts 11S%
do 2ds 104
West Shore 4s ....115
Wis Cent lsts .... S2?i
Va centuries 91
do deferred ...... 5
Colo & Sou 4s 84<4
Sou Pac 4s 85
MINING STOCKS.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Charters.
The Carrier Dove loads lumber at Port Gam
ble for Honolulu; C. F. Sargent, coal at Ta
coma for Honolulu: James H. Bruce, lumber
at Grays Harbor for Honolulu: Lake Leman,
lumber on the Sound for the wist coast.
Foreign Trade of AVzt> York.
During the first three weeks of March ex
ports from the port of New Tork amounted
to J43.516.C55, as against lIfi.BOS.OSI for the same
period of 1£99; J32.iw^63 in I^SS and $23.1M.0CS
in ISS7. Fcr the calendar year to March 19
New York cxportF were $134.522,0C2. against
(10Si.SOS.23e in lfcSS, $104,50\29l in ISBB and
1i5.175.170 in UXt.
Our Account With Pacific Roads.
The following fi.^ures show the amounts due
the United Si&tes from Pacific railroads on
account of bonds Issued in aid of their con
struction: Central Branch Union Pacific, $3.-
T."2.3«6; City and Pacific, $4,203,770; total,
J7.SiS.li7. The Government has been reim
bursed for r^7.;S«.M2 principal and $31,211,711
Interest, being the total Indebtedness of the
Union I'aciJic P.ailroad Company to November
1. JSS-7. and for the principal of the Kansas
Pacific lndelitednets, amounting to $C,303.000.
Th? unpaid balance of the total indebtedness
of the Central Pacific and Western Pacific
Railroad companies to the United States, un
drr settlement agreement of February 1. 1599,
amounts to J44,1''1'.t.C6 and accrued interest, less
transportation earrings.
Our Cash and Debts.
The following is a statement of Che public
debt and of the cash in the treasury of the
United States at the close of business March
XI received from Secretary Gage: Interest
bearlng debt. $1.C2€,»>C2.14f; debt on which in
terest has ceased since maturity. $1,207,600;
debt bearing no interest, $350.579,613; certificates
Hr.d treasury notes, offset by an equal amount
of cash in the treasury, $7:».5<'0,778; aggregate
of debt. $2.12!r.1>50,131'. Compared with the state
ment issued February 2S the figures show an
increc»i of certificates 'and treasury notes
amounting to 06.455, and an Increase in the
teeregate debt of J2.057.567. The cash in the
treasury at the date mentioned was: Reserve
fund. $150.000.i'00; trust fund, $720,500,775; gen
• ral fund, $127,236>«5; in national bank de
positories. J110.642.113; total. $1.1U8. 379. 7 53. The
cash balance in the treasury. February 28.
exclusive of reserve and trust funds, was
J145.3C2.53. sind on March 31. $156.7&2.995. show
ing an Increase during the month of $8,430,171.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New Tork Commercial says: "Holders
find it difficult to peeure sufficient business
to keep the market firm. There is, however,
no disposition to shade prices, but the feeling
Is that the really active large trade is what
might be called virtually over for the 6eason,
end comparatively nothing is stirring at pres
ent. It is probably true that a reduction in
price of a number of varieties would not call
out very important order*. Holders have aa
heavy supplies as they want, buy they do
not intend to lose much money on futures.
"Prunes have be«?n advanced 'iC per pound
In California all around, and whil<? this mar
ket has not responded with any Increase in
<juotationF there is a stronger feeling and an
advance 1* probable. Holder* cannot assign
any reason for the advance, but It probably
emanates from a desire to do as their raisin
brethren do. The spot market is quiet and
eteady. and buslnt-FS is rather slack. Cali
fornia loose Muscatel raisins are neglected, and
prices are I areiy firm at previous range, whicft
is association range. The persistency with
which cutters have operated has demoralized
the market to some extent, and It is now
difficult to get a firm quotation on anything
outside of association hands or control. For
eign goods are in betfr position, and evidently
will range higher a little later.
"Peaches are not plenty, and there are con
siderable rales of peeled goods from day to
«iay. A good many transfers are made on
private terms, but the fact that there are
rales at all is encouraging and shows that
the crop will suffer from practical exhaustion
before the new one is ready to harvest."
Weather Report.
aiOth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. April 10. 1900—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as comr>ared with those, of the tame <late
last sfflKon and rainfalls In the last twenty
lour hours: •
Lwt This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 43. £3 31.55
Red UlufT 0.01 20.07 19.37
Kaoramer.to 0.00 13.92 13. 51
San Francisco 0.00 17.47 15. %<i j
Fresno 0.00 7.35 6.76
Independence 0.00 2.78 1.16
Pan Luis Obippo 0.00 15.10 14.77
Is,* AnK*l~s 0.00 &.€* 4.79
Ban Diego 0.00 3.3S 4.58
Yuma 0.00 0.79 1.34
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum. 40; mean, 13.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The r<re*rure ha? fallen over the northern
portion of the Pacific slope. During the past
twenty-four houre there has been a fall of one
tf-nth of asi inch or more from Northern Cali
fornia to Washington. A moderate depression
is apparently moving inland along the Oregon
coast.
The temperature has risen rcpidly o\-er Utah,
Ne-vada, Idaho and Washington.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Portland, 26 miles per hour, from the
eoft.
Forecast made at Fan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 11. ISO©:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Wednesday, with light showers in central
and northern portion; Iresh southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; south
erly winds inland; westerly on the coast.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday.
Utah— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Arizona— Fair; warmer Wednesday.
Han Francisco sni vicinity— Cloudy, unsettled
weather Wednesday; iwseibly light shower* In
the forenoon; frwh southerly winds, changing
to westerly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat. 64®66c: No. 2 red.
CnWiOc: No. 2 corn,' 3!>%c; No. 2 oats. 25U<3
25% c: No. 2 white, 27«^g2S^c; No. '3 whlt<»,
Hi4©»tfc: No. 2 rye. 57c; No. 2 barley. 40%®
44c: No. 1 flaxseed. $1 73: prime timothy seed.
$2 35<g2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $12 20@13 05;
lard, per 100 pounds $6 73®7; short ribs sides
(loose). $6 95®7 30; dry salted shoulders (boxed),
$6 73®7; short clear sides (boxed), $7 25®7 35;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per galjon,
$1 25%.
COMMERCIAL AND
FINANCIAL NEWS
Continued on Page Eleven.
berland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks: Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per
ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks;
Castle Gate and Rock Springs. $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $I@l 50; To
matoes. 75c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries. $2 40®3 for
black and white; Peaches. $1 65® 1 90: Pears.
$1 60®l 80; Apricots. $1 25®1 70; Plums. $1 20®
1 40.
COFFEE— Costa Rica— l4@l6c for prime
washed: 12®134c for good washed: 13®13c for
good to prime washed p«?aoerry; ll®l2Hc for
good to prime peaberry; ll®l3Vjc for good to
prime; 9<glO^c for current mixed with black
beans; B@loHc for medium to fair; 6H®7*Lc
nominal for common to ordinary.
Salvador— llol4c for good to prime washed:
9H@lO* 4 c for fair washed; 12913V»c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9H®loc for good to
prime semi-washed; 9»i@loc for superior un
washed; B%@9c for good green unwashed: 10H@
10% c for good to prime unwashed peaberry; 6®
?%c nominal for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 14@16^ic for prime to fancy
washed; 9Hf»3c for fair to strictly goo<l
washed; B%!g9V*c nominal for good to superior
unwashed; I(XSIOHc nominal for good to prime
unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 6f??%e for Inferior
to ordinary; 12H*?13c for strictly good washed:
ll®!l?;c for good washed; 9®loHc for fair
washed; S@S»ic for medium: 6@7*ic for Inferior
to ordinary: 12%@W4c for good to prime
washed peaberry: 10-RWic nominal for good to
prime unwashed peaberry: S%®9%c nominal for
good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER-Sole, heavy, 28®30c per 1b; Sole
Leather, medium. 26@27e: Sole Leather, light
26®27c; Rough Leather, heavy. 27®2Sc: Rough
Leather, light. 25®26c; Harness Leather, heavy.
32<533c: Harness Leather, medium. 30032 c; liar- <
ness Leather. light. 23® 30c: Collar Leather lo^
l«c per foot: Kip, finished. 40®50c per lb; \eal.
finished. 50@55c; Calf, finished. pcetJ»f-SM*».
finished. 16@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14 a
16c: Roufch Splits. S@loc per lb. I
OlLS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
75c: pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
75c; raw. 73c; cases, 5c more: Lard Oil. extra
winter strained, barrels. 59c: No. 1. 4Jte: cases.
5c more: China Nut. 61®65c per gallon: pure
Neatsfoot Oil. barrels, 60c: cases, &>c: Sperm,
pure. 60c; Whale Oil. natural white. 32>sc:
Pacific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and hou*e
colors. $1 25<gl 35 per gallon; wagon colors. $-«
2 25 Der era linn. __
PETROLEUM, GASOLENE. ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil. in bulk, 14c: Pearl Oil. in
canes. 20c: Astral. 20c; Star. 20c: Extra Star
Oil. 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene. 22c: Deodorized
Gasoline, in bulk. 16c; do, cases. 22c: Benzine,
in bulk. 15Vic; do. cases, 21>*c: 86-degree Gaso
line, in bulk, 21c: cases, 27c per gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— lB oz..
lltte per set; 14 oz., lO^c: 12 oz.. 9V4c: 10 "*••
B%c; twelves. 12 oz. (hotel). 10% c. Granite
Mining Candles— l 6 oz.. 12@12%c per set: 14 oz..
ll®mic: 12 oz., lOHc: 10 oz.. 9%c: twelves, 12
oz. (hotel). 10?ic. Paraffine Wax Candles— Ones,
14 oz.. white. 12% c per set; twos. 14 oz.. white.
12% c; fours, 14 oz., white, 12& c; sixes, 14 oz..
white. 12% c; twelves, 14 oz., white, 12% c; col
ored, lc hlrher.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 7®7%c; Red Lead
and Litharge. 714 ©T^c per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 78c; In iron barrels,
72c: in wooden barrels. 75c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 70c; raw. barrels.
68c: cases. 6c more.
QUICKSILVER— SSI 50 per flask for local use
and $46 50® 47 50 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60 c: Powdered.
5.«» c: Candy Granulated. 5.20 c: Dry Granulated.
5.10 c; Confectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A, 4.70 c;
Extra C. 4.60 c: Golden C, 4.50 c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes, 60c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominoes,
half-harrels, 5.55 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine. '•
ordinary sizes. $16@17: extra sizes, higher:
Redwood. $17@18 for No. 1 and $15®16 for No. 2;
Lath, 4 feet, $3 50®4; Pickets. $18; Shingles.
$1 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes,
$11 for split and $12 for sawn; Rustic, $21® 27.
I MINING STOCKS
The following were the sale* In the Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester-
Morning Session.
10CO Belcher 301 200 Ophir M
1100 Gould & Curry 27i
Afterjio«n Session.
100 Chollar 15 300 Ophlr »
200 Gould * Curry 2T 100 Overman 21
500 Hale & Norc... 33! 400 Potosl I*
.400 Mexican 36! 200 Stiver Hill 1*
The following were the sale* in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Alta C3r 100 Crown Point... IS
200 Belcher 30\ 200 Mexican 3*
100 Confidence 71 100 Ophir SO
50 Confidence 70 2CO Union Con 33
Afternoon Session.
300 Alta C* 2WOphir £
100 Best & Belcher 27 ICO Overman 21
ICO Caledonia 110; 2CO Overman 22
2CO Gould A Curry 2*l mo potosl 1»
£00 Gould & Curry 27 : ICO Poto.il 1*
600 Justice 05 ' 40ft Savage ......... U
200 Mexican 3«| *« Sl-rra Nevada. £*
2CO Ophlr 80! 200 Lnlon Con 33
CLOSING QUOTATIONS
TUESDAY. April V>—* P- m.
Bld.AsSc.l Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 OoJJustlce £> 07
Alta 04 06IKentuck 01 C 2
Andes 10 12|Lady Wash —
Belcher 30 3l|Mexlean So 3"5
Best & Belcher 2fi 27IOcrldental Is 1*
Bullion 03 OA.Ophir Jjj |2
Caledonia IOS 1 10; Overman 2- 23
Chollar 14 13|Potosl 1* }*
Challenge Con.. 20 2t| Savage 11 »¦>
Confidence 70 7.>;Scorpton — £-
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 73Seg Belcher.... 04 C;*
Con Imperial... 01 C 2 Sierra Nevada. 54 oo
Con New York. 02 —'Silver Hill 13 U
Eureka Con — RO'St Lnuls — 1-
Crown Point IS 19 Standard SlO —
Exchequer 02 04 Syndicate — lj
Gould & Curry 27 2S Union Con 33 3">
Hale & Norc... 33 3* Utah 12 «
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 28 3D
San Francisco Meat Market.
The firmness In Hogs continues, owing- to
light receipts. .Other descriptions remain as
before.
BEEF— 6U®7e per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL-6fS9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7® Bc; ewes. 6%@70 per
LAMB— Spring. 9® 10c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6%®6c for small and me
dium and sH@s%c for large: stock Hogs and
feeders, 6%@sHc; dressed Hogs, "SSVic
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY. APRIL 10.
Flour, qr sks 16.968 Sugar, bbls SOO
Wheat, ctls 13.3?0 Chicory, bbls .... 30
Barley, ctls 3,875 Lime, bbls $1
Oats, ctls 440, W001, bags 2(3
Corn, ctls " 230 Eggs, doz 25.730
Cheese, ctls 61 Quicksilver, f.sks 20
Butter, ctls 653 Leather, rolls ... 223
Tallow, ctls 470 Wine, gals 20.500
Beans, sks 603 Straw, tons 9
Potatoes, sks .... 2.190 Hay. tons $33
Bran, sks 665 Hides. No 1.222
Middlings, sks ... I.CoO. Pelts, bndls 600
Sugar, sks 1.200!
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ; 8,643 Onions, ska 237
Potatoes, sks .... 6.313 Feed, ska 6,0*5
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIL.
Steamer Movements.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. April 10.
Stmr Wwtport. Ericsson. IS hoars from Vaal.
Stmr Santa Crux. Hlnkle. 6 hours from Ames-
Harvester. Krebs. 12 days from Port-
Fr "war «tmr Protet. Germlnet. 28 hours from
San Dle^o-
Br etmr Bloemfonteln. Belelloch, 9H days
from Kahulut.
CLEARED.
- Tuesday. Aortl 10.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. San Diego; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Umatilla. Cousins, \lctorla. etc; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Bark Highland Light. McLure. Lahaina; Geo
E Plumer.
Schr Mary E Foster. Thompson. Honolulu;
Williams. Dimond & Co.
Schr Czarina, Wallsteadt. Lnga; McCollam
Fishing and Trading Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 10.
Stmr North Fork, Bash. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Emi>lre. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. Bowens Landing.
Etmr Coquille River, Thompson. Grays Har
bor. __
Stmr Matteawan. Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. .
Stmr Orace Dollar. Foten. Grays Harbor.
Bark Highland Light. McLure. Lahaina.
Bark Will W Case. Anderson. Bristol Bay.
Bark Nicholas Thayer. Thomsen. Bristol Bay.
Whal bark Wanderer. Dunbar. Cape Nome-
Br bark Caithness-shire. Stott. Queenstown.
Schr Mary Etta. Anderson. Bowens Landing.
Schr Abbie M Deerlng, Christiansen, codflsj*.
lng.
Schr Mary C. Campbell.. Fort Ross.
Schr J Epplnger, Nyman. Stewarts PotnC
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 10—10 p ra— Weathw
haty; wind SW, velocity 8 miles. *»"*¦»
SPOKEX.
April 8. lat 10 N. lon 50 W— Br ship Alice A
Leigh, from Taeoma. for Queenstown.
Anrll 8. lat 38 4S N. lon 74 01 W— Shin P V
Blanchard. from Baltimore, for San Francisco
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CRESCENT CITY-Salled April 9— Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco. t-Tes-
PORT GAMBLE-Arrtved Acrtl 10-Schr Car
rier Dove, from Port Townsend
NEWPORT-Arrived April 10-Stmr Pasa
dena, from Eureka. -raw
Sailed April V— Schr Bertha Dolbeer. for Eu
reka.
SAN I PEDRO-Arrtved April 9-Schr Mildred.
BANDON-Sailed April 10. at 9 a m— «?ohr
Hrn S ry. I ror f0 S an S^ ra ; rr c a i,^ CO: "^ *~»»^«<«
he^e R 5?rll~9 ArrtVed AEr " 15 -Stmr Pomona.
Sailed "Aprti 10-Schr Laura Pike, for San
Francisco: schr Del Norte. for Portland
PORT LOS ANGEI.ES-lArrifeT Apri, 10-U
fm^N^So-. fr ° m W«»; «tmr Ml—ta.
A n?£ T BLAKELEY-Arrlved April 10-Pchr
Azalea, from San Diego; «chr Ecllpae. from
WEDNESDAY. APRIL 11
United State* Coast and G*od«Uc Survey-
Time* and Height* of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute* later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the iam« at both placea.
Silver unchanged. Sterling Exchange /inner.
Wheat and Wheat freights dull.
Fair trading in local stocks and bonds.
The minor cereals unchanged and dull.
Hay and Feedstuff s as before quoted.
Beans and Seeds continue inactive.
Heavy receipts of Potatoes from Oregon.
Onions in sharp demand for Cape Nome.
Poultry selling well at firm prices.
Oranges continue in slender supply and strong.
Dried Fruits dull at unchanged quotations.
Previsions continue stiff and in fair demand.
Hides rather steadier, with a good inquiry.
Wool and Hops neglected at the old prices. .
Hogs still scarce and firm. Other meats about the same.
Oils as prcz'ioitsly quoted.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
bacon, lard and ham, . which was a considera
tion, but the market owed its strength to the
heavy cash -demand, | against which packers
were liberal buyers of futures. July product
made a record for high prices, pork for de
livery, during that month touching $13 15, Jard
$7 10 and ribs $7 10. May pork closed 25c over
yesterday. May lard 17%@20c up and May ribs
2H©sc better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL. 11, 1900.
quoted. The demand is light Eastern White Is
quoted at $1 05®l 07% per ctl and Eastern Yel
low at $I®l 10; mixed, $1 Cs®l 07tf per ctl.
RYE— Dull at 97fcc®$l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There Is nothing going on In Hay., or Feed
stuffs to change quotations one way or the
other.
BRAN-$12®13 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6®I9 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25®27; Jobbing.
$27 60<&2S; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal.
$23 50@24; Cracked Corn. $24g24 60; Mixed Feed.
$15 50; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good; $3 50
for choice and occasionally $10: Wheat and Oat.
T6 30®9; Oat. $6<gS; Barley,. $5@7; Alfalfa, $6@
7 60 ver ton.
STRAW— 2S®?3c ocr bale.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras. T3 Go®3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40®3 DO; Oregon
and Washington, $2 23®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, ?3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 73; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $1 50: Hominy. $3 25(53 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 23; Cracked Wheat, $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50:
Rolled Oafs (barrels). $6®7 25; In sacks. $5 75®
7; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $3; Green Peas.
$5 00 per 100 lbs.' .
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head stand the
same. Beans are dull, but firmly held while
Seeds are motionless.
BEANS— Bayos. $3®3 25; small White, $3 23®
3 60: large White. $3 20®3 25: Pink, $2®2 S5:
Red. $3 50®3 75: Blackeye, $4 50; Butters, nomi
nal: Lima, S3 25; Pea, $3 40®3 60; Red Kidneys.
$3 50®4.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4Vi@4%c: Flax. $1 90®2 20; Canary.
SHe per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, 9@loc; Rape. 2H®3c; Hemp. 4®4%c;
Timothy. 4®4"4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90®2 25; Green. $1 SO
©2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
: There were large receipts of Potatoes from
Oregon. The market is dull and weak.
Onions are In keen demand for Cape Nome
and prices are Jumping. There is nothing new
in Vegetables, except that they have been
caught somewhat by frost here and there.
Receipts were 924 boxes Asparagus, 479 boxes
Rhubarb, 403 sacks Peas and 223 sacks New-
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rote, 65c; River Reds,
nominal; Burbanks. 40®€0c per sack; Oreeon
Burbanks, 60®S5c: Sweet Potatoes. $2 for Mer
ced; New Potatoes, l'iQZc.
ONIONS— Are worth $3®6 per ctl. Aus
tralians sold yesterday at $8 25. The market
is denned up.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 50cig$l 25 per bex:
Asparagus, 75c@$l 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 50®l 75 for No. 1 and $2<f?2 23 for fancy large;
Green Peas. 75c(35l 50 per sack for common
and 24®3c- for Garden; String Beans, 6@Se:
Cabbage. 40®50c: Tomatoes. $lff?l GO: Egg Plant
from Los Anpeles, B®ir>c; Dried Okra, Z2\ic per
lb; Garlic. 2< / £<S'3V4c: Green Peppers from Los
Angeles. 20c; Dried Peppers. 8®10c: Carrots,
25®"35c per sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$1 per box; Cucumbers, GOc(gsl per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Although there have been five cars from the
East this week, with several more expected.
the demand for Easter Is good and full prices
are being realized. Some of. the fine Eastern
stock is selling considerably over the quota
tions for local stock.
Game continues nominal.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 10®llc for Gob
blers and 12013 c for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 75@2; Goslings, $2 5002 75: Ducks. $4 50®
6 60 for old and $5®7 50 for young; Hens. $4s>
6 50; Young Roosters. $5®7; Old Roosters. $4 23
®4 60; Fryers, $5 50® 6; Broilers, $4 50@5 for
large and $2 60®3 50 for small: Pigeons.' $1 75@
2 per dozen for old and $1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 25; Rabbits. $1 25®1 50: Gray
Geese, $2®2 60; White, 50@75c; Brant. $1 25®
1 60; English Snipe. $2 60; Jack Snipe. $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and' Eggs.
AH descriptions remain unchanged. There
Is no scarcity of Eggs, as four cars of Eastern
are on the market and dealers continue to put
their surplus Into cold storage. - Butter Is steady
as a rule, though some dealers find dairy de
scriptions weak and dull. Cheese is in ample
supply at the quotations.
BUTTER—
Creamer}'— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds. 16
®iG»/4c.
Dairy— Fancy. 15%®16c; good to choice, 14V4®
15c; common. 14c.
CHEESE— New, 7%®Sc; Young America, 83
B%c; Eastern. 16® 17c; Western, 15®16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and UWSIWc
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14Hc.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Oranges continue scarce and firm. Lemons
are also In moderate supply and steady. There
are plenty of Limes here.
Strawberries are about %% t he same, as receipts
are not too heavy. A few drawers of Raspber
ries from San Leandro sold at $1 25 per drawer.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—, . .
APPLES — 75®90c per box for common. $I®l 50
for good to choice and $1 75® 2 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— S3<R6 per chest for large
and $9®12 for small berries. Receipts were 126
chests.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 2303 25
per box; Seedlings. $I®l 75; Lemons, $I@l JO
for common and $202 60 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 50®5: California Limes, ;
Bananas. $1 25<32 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $4®5
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, A r uts and Raisins.
There Is nothing going on and quotations for
most descriotlons are nominal.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4®4%c for
40-50's, 3%©4 c for 60-60's, 3%c for 60-70's. 3Uc
for 70-SO's. 3@3%c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, UQUHc for Royals, ' 12%®15c
for Moorparks and 12@13Hc for Blenheims;
Peaches. 6%®6c for Standards, 6%@6%c for
choice and 7@Bc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10#
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6@7c; Sun-dried. 6®
6%c per lb; Nectarines, B@9c; Pears, 3%'f?4%c
for dark and 7<3Sc for bright halves: Black
Figs, 2®2%c; White Figs. 2@3c; Bleached
Plums, S®9c: unbleached Plums. 7@7%c for
pitted and lV4c for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice, 7^c; standard, 6V4c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultana?. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. s«£c;
3-crown, 6i4c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layer*.
2-crown. $1 60 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. . $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. B@Sc . for standards and
9®loc for softshells: Almonds, HH®l2c for
paper shell. 9@loc for soft and 4®sc for hard
shell* Peanuts 5%(!T8%c ¦ f or Eastern and 6c
for California: Brazil Nuts, 7%<3 v Bc; Filberts,
12(f?12V4.e: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50®5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%@12c for bright and 10%<7?
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7%c: light amber extracted, 7%@7%c; dark,
o^&Cc per-lb. . : -', ¦ "-
BEESWAX— 24^26O per lb.
Provisions.
Prices are firm, stocks arc moderate and the
demand Is fair. 'r-'\'-'-^: "¦.'•-.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10% c per lb for
heavy, 1014 c for light medium, llVic for light.
12% c for extra light and 13% c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $12
per bbl- extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra
Prime Pork. $14 60(515: extra clear. $19; Mess.
$16 CO: Smoked Beef, 12%® 13c per lb.
•LARD— Tierces quoted •at 7@Bc per lb for
compound and B{?S%c for pure; half barrels,
pure B%c: 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, B@S%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9%c.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops
Wool continues very dull, there being no de
mand whatever. Hops are in the same condi
tion. Hides are rather firm than otherwise,
and several descriptions are quoted a shade
higher by most dealers.;
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
lOffmc; medium, B%c; light, 9<59%c; Cowhides,
9@3'/.e: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 94?9%c; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, ISfolOc; culls and brands,
15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16@17c: Dry Calf, 19@
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@S0c each; short
Wool 35©C0% each: medium," 7o<S9oc: long Wool,
$161 25 - each: -Horse Hides,- $2 25<7?3 -for large
and U 25@1 75 for small ; , Colts, . 25©30 c. Deer
Skins— Summer or-red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins, 35c;- winter or thin skins.' 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, 25c. . - ¦ ¦ ¦
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5@3%c per lb; No.
2. /4if?4%c; refined, 6%c: grease, 2%@3c. .
'WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16@18c; Northern defective. 13ft;
16c; Middle County, free. 15@17c: Middle
County, defective, 13@15c;' Southern Mountain,
12 months', 12<S14e; do. free, 7 months', 12@15c:
do; defective. 7 months',- 10®12c: Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 20<ff23c; Nevada, 16@18c per lb.
HOPS-6%©10c per lb.
General Merchandise.
•. BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
grain Bags. 6%@6%c; Wool ; Bags, 28%®32%c;
Fleece Twine, -7%c. -
- COAL— Wellington. $B'per8 'per .ton; new Welling
ton, $8; 'Bouthfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6 50; Bryant, $6 60; Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend. $8;
Co-operative Wallsend,- $S; Scotch,' ; Cnm-
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early momine tlde» are given In the left
hand column and the *ucces*lv« tide* of tha
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The.
second time column rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld»
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tide*, as ¦ometimes occur*. The heights
rtven are In addition to the soundings on the
United State* Coast Survey chart*, except
when a minus *lwn (— > precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The piano of
reference In th» mean of the lower low water*.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creamery. 14®18c; dairy. 13®
16c. Cheese firm, 12©>13c. Eggs steady. 10% c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat- Mar. May. July.
Opening 6 10=* 6 10%
Closing 6 10% 6 10%
PARIS.
Wheat— Mar. May-Aug.
Opening 20 So 22 15
Closing 20 93 22 25
OJ^nlnT" 27 40 29 M
Closing 27 55 29 20
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, April 10.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications to Bradstreet's
show the following changes In available sup
plies, as compared with the last account:
Wheat. United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased, 2,577,000 bushels.
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat and in
Europe, increase, 2,100.000 bushels.
Total supply, decrease, 477.000.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of tne
Rockies, increase, 1,304.000 bushele.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies decrease, 67,000 bushels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Taccma and Seattle increased, 13b,000
bushels last week.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. April 10.— The wool market here
continues dull with slow Bales, and values are
rather easier as a whole. Bids on the basis of
65c cleaned are being freely made for good
lines of fine medium and fine and territory
wools, and were dealers disposed to sell at this
price large blocks would change hands. Fleece
wools are quiet, but sales of Ohio are reported
at 33c, with fine Ohio delaine at 35c Quota
tions: ...
Unwashed medium, etc.— Missouri quarter
blood combing, 26®26%c; three-eighths blood, 26
®26% c; braid combing, 22<g23c.
Territory wools— Montana and Dakota, fine
medium and fine, 22@22%c; scoured, • 57@58c;
Utah and Wyoming, fine medium and fine, 19@
20c; scoured. 65® 57c; staple, 63@65c; Idaho, fine
medium and fine. lS@l9c; scoured, £5<357c; med
ium, 2*ff23c; scoured, 62©54 c.
Australian scoured basis, spot prices—Comb
ing superfine nominal, 93<g95c; good, SS@9oc;
average, 80@S5c.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 10.— CATTLE— Receipts.
35C0. Generally steady. Natives— Best on sale
to-day, $5 55; good to ' prime steers, 15 10 Q
6 90; poor to medium, $4 25 | J?5: selected feeders,
$4 20@4 90; mixed stockers, $3 50@4; cows, $35}
4 40; . heifers, {3 l.Vf?4 SO; canners, $2 2,V«2 SO;
bulls. $2 "oiS'4 50; calves, liberal supply; lower.
$4 25&S 50. Texans— Texas feeders, steers, W$
5 40; Texas bulls, $3 25@3 75.
HOGS— Recelps to-day, 25, C00; -estimated to
morrow, 25,000; left over, 4000. Average shade
lower; top. $5 70; mixed and butchers', 55 40®
5 67%; good to choice heaw. $5 55(55 70; rough
heavy, $5 40@5 50; light, $5 35@5 60; bulk of
sales, $.">:.< ,65.
SHEEP— Sheep, strong; lambs, about steady;
good to choice wethers, $5 20©6 50; fair to
choice mixed. Jafifi 10; Western sheep, $6® 6 50;
yearlings. $6@6 75; native lambs, $5 UxQl 55;
Western lambs, $6@7 65.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 10.— Clearings, 1374,405;
balances, 153.984.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 10.— WHEAT— Steady;
"Walla Walla, E43£sc; valley, 64c; blue stem,
67c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 10.— WHEAT— Market firm;
blue stem, 56c; club, 64c; both for export.
Foreign Markets.,
LONDON, April 10.— Consols, 101 5-16; silver,
27% d; French rentes, lOlf 65d; cargoes on pass
age, white easy,, red quiet; cargoes No. 1,
standard California, 29s 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 29s 4%d; English country markets,
April 10.— Wheat, firm; No. 1,
standard Cullfornla, 6s 6d; wheat in Paris,
steady; flour in Paris, firm; French country
mrakets, firmer. ' ? *-?_
COTTON— Uplands, E7-16d..
4 '--; CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spct. firm; No. 2; red Western win
ter, Cs Id; No. 1. Northern spring, 6s %d; fu
tures, steady; April, nominal; May, 6s 10% d;
July, 6s 10% d. - . •
CORN— Spot, American .mixed, new, steady,
4a 2d; do, old, flrm, 4s 3Vid; futures, steady:
May, 4s 2%d; July, 4s Id; September, 4s l%d.
LOCAL MARKETS
8
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
April 10. 1300.
The time ball was not dropped to-day, oa
account of a fault In the mechanism.
C. C. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. T". S. N.. In chary*.
Time Ball.
ARTICLES. I
Wheat No.: 2— - •
April
May
July
September
Corn No. 2—
April
May
July
September
Oats No. 2—
May
July
September ; . .
Mess Pork, bbl—
May
July
I^ard. 100 lbs—
May
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 ibs—
May
July
September
Open. Hi*h. Low. Close.
.... .... 67
C 7% 67% 66% 67tf
. 68% 68% 68 68%
69% 69% 65% 69
35%
39% 40% 39% *•>
40% 40% 40 40%
40% - > 41% 40% 41%
24% 24% 24% 24%
24% 24% 24 24H
25% 2314 23 23%
12 82% 13 05 12 82% IS 06
12 00 IS 15 12 90 13 15
C 82% 700 680 700
6 SO 7 13 6 90 7 10
700 720 700 7 17%
7 124 7 17% 705 7 17%
6 97% 710 6 97% 710
7 00 7 10 6 97% 7 10
ARTICLES. IF
[Receipts. l Shlpm'ts.
Receipts. S
Shlpm ti
Flour, barrels
Wheat, bushels
Corn, bushels
Oats, bushels '.
Rye. bushels
Barley, bushels
29,000
75.0C0
. 337.000
379.000
14,000
56,000
49,000
101.000
192.000
384.000
3.000
19,000
Sun rise» *"
Sun sets XZZ-l2r
Moon seta 8:36 a - m -
O Time Time Time Time
? Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
• i. -a- hw uw hw
11 322 1.8 9:32 45 3:14 1.5 9:51 5.J
12 »-E8 M 10:20 4.« 3:4J 1.8 10:13 5.3
13 " 4-30 1.0 11:02 4.T 4:16 2.0 10:45 5.4
U 469 0.8 11:45 4.7 4:4« J. 2 11:10 5-4
15 533 0.2 12:30 4.8 5:19 1.5 11:35 5.4
IS.'" 8:10 0.0 1:15 4.5 6:52 2.7....^.
H W It. W H W 1. W
17 ... 0:02 6.4J «:51 -0.1 2:03 4.5 «:31 2.9
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
BrUtol ]Oyst«r Harb0r......-~~Upr. 11
Bonn* [Newport Apr. U
Geo. "W. Elder. Portland Apr. 11
Washtenaw .... Tacoma -. Apr. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City .. — .. Apr. 11/
Queen Victoria * Fu«et Sound Apr. 12
Newburs Grays Harbor Apr. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena...... Apr. 13
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 13
Pomona San Dle«o -~ — Apr. 13
Santa Roaa San Diego ~ Apr. «
Arcata Cooa Bay Apr. 14
Aloha Crescent City Apr. 14
Columbia Portland Apr. IS
North Fork Humboldt Apr. II
Coos Bay Newport Apr. 1»
I^njruna TWamook Apr. 1«
Mackinaw ...... Seattle....... Apr. 19
South Portland. Oyster Harbor ~— Apr. 13
Nippon Mara... China and Japan Apr. 17
City of Puebla. Victoria St Puget Sound Apr. 17
Corona San Diego Apr. 17
State of Ca1.... Portland Apr. 28
Steamer.
Destination. I
balls.
Plet
Corona ....JSan Dleso Apr. 11. 11 am Pier U
irmatllla ..IVic A Psrt Sd.lApr. 11. 10 am Pier »
Belgian Kr China AJapanlApr. U. 10 ara Pier 27
Ktate of CaJ Portland Apr. 13. 10 am Pier U
Bonlta Newport Apr. 13. >am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena... Apr. 14. 2pm Pier 3
Pomona ... Humboldt Apr. 14. 3pm Pier 9
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 15. 10 am Pier 13
Newburnr .. Grays Harbor Apr. 15. 8 pml
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Queen Vie * Pjct Sd. Apr. 18. lOamlPler 9
Coos Bay... Newport Apr. 17. 9 amlPier 11
Doric China A Japan Apr. 17. 1 pm'PMSS
North Fork Humboldt Apr. IS. >am Pier 3
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 13
Columbia ..Portland Apr. IS. 10 am Pier !4
City Para.. Panama Apr. IS. 13 m PMSi*
Motna Sydney Apr. IS. .. pm Pier 7
Steamer.
Destination. I
balls.
Plet
Corona ....JSan Dleso Apr. 11. 11 am Pier U
irmatllla ..IVic A Psrt Sd.lApr. 11. 10 am Pier »
Belgian Kr China AJapanlApr. U. 10 ara Pier 27
Ktate of CaJ Portland Apr. 13. 10 am Pier U
Bonlta Newport Apr. 13. >am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena... Apr. 14. 2pm Pier 3
Pomona ... Humboldt Apr. 14. 3pm Pier 9
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 15. 10 am Pier 13
Newburnr .. Grays Harbor Apr. 15. 8 pml
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Queen Vie * Pjct Sd. Apr. 18. lOamlPler 9
Coos Bay... Newport Apr. 17. 9 amlPier 11
Doric China A Japan Apr. 17. 1 pm'PMSS
North Fork Humboldt Apr. IS. >am Pier 3
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. 13
Columbia ..Portland Apr. IS. 10 am Pier !4
City Para.. Panama Apr. IS. 13 m PMSi*
Motna Sydney Apr. IS. .. pm Pier 7
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
BrUtol ]Oyst«r Harb0r......-~~Upr. 11
Bonn* [Newport Apr. U
Geo. "W. Elder. Portland Apr. 11
Washtenaw .... Tacoma -. Apr. 11
Crescent City... Crescent City .. — .. Apr. 11/
Queen Victoria * Fu«et Sound Apr. 12
Newburs Grays Harbor Apr. 13
Point Arena.... Point Arena...... Apr. 13
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 13
Pomona San Dle«o -~ — Apr. 13
Santa Roaa San Diego ~ Apr. «
Arcata Cooa Bay Apr. 14
Aloha Crescent City Apr. 14
Columbia Portland Apr. IS
North Fork Humboldt Apr. II
Coos Bay Newport Apr. 1»
I^njruna TWamook Apr. 1«
Mackinaw ...... Seattle....... Apr. 19
South Portland. Oyster Harbor ~— Apr. 13
Nippon Mara... China and Japan Apr. 17
City of Puebla. Victoria St Puget Sound Apr. 17
Corona San Diego Apr. 17
State of Ca1.... Portland Apr. 28
ARTICLES. IF
[Receipts. l Shlpm'ts.
Receipts. S
Shlpm ti
Flour, barrels
Wheat, bushels
Corn, bushels
Oats, bushels '.
Rye. bushels
Barley, bushels
29,000
75.0C0
. 337.000
379.000
14,000
56,000
49,000
101.000
192.000
384.000
3.000
19,000
ARTICLES. I
Wheat No.: 2— - •
April
May
July
September
Corn No. 2—
April
May
July
September
Oats No. 2—
May
July
September ; . .
Mess Pork, bbl—
May
July
I^ard. 100 lbs—
May
July
September
Short Ribs, 100 ibs—
May
July
September
Open. Hi*h. Low. Close.
.... .... 67
C 7% 67% 66% 67tf
. 68% 68% 68 68%
69% 69% 65% 69
35%
39% 40% 39% *•>
40% 40% 40 40%
40% - > 41% 40% 41%
24% 24% 24% 24%
24% 24% 24 24H
25% 2314 23 23%
12 82% 13 05 12 82% IS 06
12 00 IS 15 12 90 13 15
C 82% 700 680 700
6 SO 7 13 6 90 7 10
700 720 700 7 17%
7 124 7 17% 705 7 17%
6 97% 710 6 97% 710
7 00 7 10 6 97% 7 10
Sun rise» *"
Sun sets XZZ-l2r
Moon seta 8:36 a - m -
O Time Time Time Time
? Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
• i. -a- hw uw hw
11 322 1.8 9:32 45 3:14 1.5 9:51 5.J
12 »-E8 M 10:20 4.« 3:4J 1.8 10:13 5.3
13 " 4-30 1.0 11:02 4.T 4:16 2.0 10:45 5.4
U 469 0.8 11:45 4.7 4:4« J. 2 11:10 5-4
15 533 0.2 12:30 4.8 5:19 1.5 11:35 5.4
IS.'" 8:10 0.0 1:15 4.5 6:52 2.7....^.
H W It. W H W 1. W
17 ... 0:02 6.4J «:51 -0.1 2:03 4.5 «:31 2.9BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR O.S.RAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcallo."*
MON.. Tu«s.. Wed.. Thurs. and Safe at 1:43
a. m.: 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nUht); F«-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. i '
p. m. . Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. i. Telephone Mala 15C8.
FARE ..,...«......»«^......«.."«**««»«»««*»»*»»6*"
POSTUM CEBEAJL.
HAPPY FAMILY.
When They Got Rid of the Coffee
Habit.
A little woman out in Oswego. 111.,
tell* about her husband having deter-
mined to see if he could not make her
tjnit cofTee drinking, which he believed
to be the cause of her constant neural-
gia and general nervousness, brought
home feveral packages of Postum Food
CofTee, which he had discovered, by
trying elsewhere, to be good.
She fcays: "What in the world he
brought home five packages for I could
not understand; nevertheless, I quit
cofTee and started in on Postum Food
Coffee. I did not have much faith in
the change doing me any good, but was
astonished to discover that my neural-
gia left me almost at once, and the ner-
vom troubles kept getting less and less.
"Little daughter at that time had
been iil and could eat little or nothing.
She was pale and thin. As soon as I
discovered how Postum treated me I
began to give it to her. She liked it
very much, and would drink it when
she would take nothing else. She be-
gan to pick qp rapidly and got plump
and round and rosy.
"I don't care what fort of food there
is in PoFtum so long as it treats lie as
it has. It is plain enough the food
contained in Postum CofTee is good,
'and that's all we want to know. I am
rid of neuralgia and nervousness, and
am a healthy woman. Husband has
also been improved, and daughter is
n-ell and happy, as I stated above."
.With best wishes, Mrs. Nellie Tremaa.
AMERICAN LINE.
mw Toas. 80UTHAXPT0H. lojjdos. pixn
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. W s. m.
St. Louis April 11 St. Louts May 2
New York April IS New York May 9
St. Paul April 25 St. Paul May 1*
RED STAR LIME.
New Yortr, arjcl Antwerp.
¦ From New York every Wednesday. 1J tmtm.
Southwark ..;.. April 11| Noordland Mar 3
Westernland ...April is; Friesland May »
Kensington ....April 23: Southwark May 1*
EMPIRE LINE.
S. 8. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 ar»ct
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings. June 30. July 31. Auz. 30.
First and second clan passaze. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
to Montgotnerv «t-. or any nt lt» aeenta.
Death of a Singer.
NEW YORK. April 1«.-Mme. Adellna
Murio-Celll d'Elpeux. known as Mme.
Murto-Celll. the singer, died In this cltjr
to-day of pneumonia, aged 53 years.
+ . . +
> v The Call's Easter number in «,.
+ especially selected colors will ?¦
X be out on Easter Sunday, April "?"
+ 15— and it will be a gem! X
#??++???+++?++??+>??++©
SCHOOL CHILDREN'S IDEA OF SELF-GOVERNMENT.
at one and the same Instant. The prin
cipal essayed to correct a boy for a slight
Infraction of the yard rules. The marshal
looked upon the act as an unjust usurpa
tion of authority. He remonstrated with
the principal, stating tnat he was an of
ficer of the law and had the right to ar
rest all law breakers. No satisfactory an
swer was given him. His official Ire was
aroused and he determined to arrest
Principal Suzzalo en a misdemeanor
charge for interfering with an officer.
Placing his hand upon the offender's
shoulder, he thundered:
"In the name of the Longfellow School
city government I place you under arrest.
Come along with me!"
"What's the charge?" asked the prin
cipal.
"Interferin' with an officer." replied the
marshal.
'•I refuse to be"
That was all the principal had time to
say. Rough-house tactics were in vogue
fof a few brief moments, at the end of
which Principal Suzzalo, much the worse
for wear, was arrested and triumphantly
led to the Longfellow School city prison,
where he Is now supposed to be waiting
for a trial.
HEARST HILL
TURNED INTO
WOMEN'S "GYM"
Several Thousand Dollars
Will Be Expended for
Apparatus.
BERKELEY. April 10.— About June 1
Hearst Hall will be movod to the uni
versity campus and work bpgun on the
additions and changes necessary to make
!t an ideal gymnasium for the youn^
-women students. The upper floor, which
Ik now u<ed as Mrs. Hearst's reception
rorra. «rtU bo used in future as the class
room for gymnastics. Gymnastic ap
.psratus will be Installed herv. The lower
floor., now used as a refreshment hall,
wftn b<* filled with the latest developing
.*.rp*ratus. Every woman student who
takes to gymnasium work will be exam
ined by 'a woman physician and by a
woman Ps'm::asium export and such ex
ercises will be prescribed for her as are
to her peculiar needs. There will
be all the up-to-date apparatus that is
found In a modern men's gymnasium.
Each floor will have an exercising space
of GO by &*! feet and an expenditure of J&iOO
for the equipment will place it in the front
ranks among the gymnasiums of the
Ea<t.
The bathrooms will occupy a special
•trir.g of the building. The roof will be
entirely of gla^s. that the sun may have
access to all parts at some hour of the
day. The ninety shower bathrooms with
their dressing-rooms will surround an
open court.
Near the gymnasium the new basket
ball court will be bui'.t. It will occupy a
*p-ice with its bleachers, of 100 by l*> feet.
For the court Itself the ground will be
rxcavatM to the depth of one foot and
the excavation fi'.led in with tanbark. The
court will be drained by tile* so that
r-.ftrr the heaviest shower it will be possi
ble for games to be played. Along one
Bide will lw» the bleachers with a seating
capacity of six hundred.
EXCELLENT WORK OF
Y. M. C. A. NIGHT SCHOOL
Closing' Exercises in the Association
Auditorium — Report Read by
Educational Director.
The clop'.r.tr exercises of the night school
ronr.^cted with the Young Men's Chris
tian Association wf-re held last night in
the auditorium of the association on Ma
son and Ellis streets. C A. Maydwell.
chairman of the educational committee,
presided, and seated on the stage with
hifa were the following instructors of the
school. Arthur A. Macurda. E. H. Bier
m.srs. Julian <!e I^acuena. Oscar T. Bar
ber, Arthur Cassldy. E. M. Blxby. M. K.
PbnUps, Emily Curtis, Arthur Kilgare
and 11. C. Symonds.
After a few opening remarks by the
chairman Mr. Macurda, educational di
rector, read the yearly report, in which
hf Mated that the total attendance this
Fe»r In the school was 2&3, against only
TS fir last year. . "- ¦".
Mr. Macurda also stated that while only
thirty-=even tried the international ex
arr.ir.aTlins last year. 5<6 had submitted
to the test this year. The questions are
sent from New York to all the associa
tions in the United States and the cer
tifioate* of the successful ones are recog
r.iz*>il In 106 universities in this country-
It was confidently expected that the work
w^;i;.] be doubled next term, which be
pin* in Oftobe^r.
Thf 1 aildrr-ss of the evening was dellv
<r«l by Ri>v. F. W. Clarr.pptt. D.D.. rector
of Trinity Church, in which he paid a
Flowing tribute to th»» good work now
b^irg carried on by thf association and
the benefits conferred by th<* night school
. upon young m*»n whose* opportunities for
acquiring education were limited.
William H. Yates Ill.
William :H. Tates, a well-known grain
broker at 303 California street, was taken
seriously ill yesterday morning. He
started to visit his physician at St. Lnke's
Hospital, but was unable to reach there.
After some effort he managed . to return
to his home at San Rafael. Mr. Yates Is
a .pioneer of this- State, and has been in
the grain business for many years. He Is
Buffering .from lung trouble^
4™fiaftuL ' aIN vla Honolulu anO
*fig^^^^^ Auckland for Sydney
3 -s -s^ . Wednesday. April IS.
>JWfnsfl|D^ Th**. a Australia
¦ "v M 190O.'at Id. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sue*.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
1. 0. Sr-ifcCKELS a tf hoi. CO.. Aqts.. !I4 Montqomen
Piw 7, Fort Pacific St. Freijht otfic«.327 Mark* St
Arrested for a Klondike Theft.
Detective Tom Gibson arrested Mrs.
Margaret Kane yesterday on a warrant
sworn to by L. H. Gewell charging her
with prand larceny. Gewell avers that
while working for him in the Klondike re
gion the woman, whose name -was then
Garvey, - stole $3SOO from him. On her
promise to make good the amount at Seat
tle Gewell accompanied the woman to
that place, but she skipped out without
paying him. > Gewell followed her to this
city and caused her arrest.
Death of Charles Babb.
OAKLAND, April 10.— Charles Babb. a
retired journalist and well known racing
man, died yesterday at his home, 205 D
Market street. The deceased was , aged
72 years 'and was a native of Maine.
OCEAI7 TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
fe^ wharf. San Francisco:
K^»^^ Kur Alaakan ports — 10 a. m..
W^rS^ A frll U. IS. 21. 26; May 1.
t«l'-'TarV$ 1^ Chansre to company's steamem
t'is*sys Vk^l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
fsCaC^'Sr©! C). Port Tfwnsen.i, Seatt'.*.
f^*S2SatSal Taeoma, Evprett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom «Wash.)—
*•* 111 a. m., April 11, 16. XU 28:
May 1. and every fifth day thereafter; change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N. P. Ry.:
m Vancouver to C. P. Hy.
For Eureka. Humi>oldt Bay— 2 p. m.. April
14. 19. 2». 2'J: May 4. and every fifth day there-
"f'ter. „ „ „
For Santa Crua. Monterey. Snn Simeon. Cay-
hpos. Port Harford (San Luis Ohispo). Oaviota.
Santa -Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Enst Son Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. April 9. IJ. 17, 21, 25. 29: May 4. and
•very fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Sxrf Luis Obipoo). Santa Barbara. Port L 6»
Angeles and Rwiondo <Ix>!« Angeles)— ll a. m..
April 7. 11. 15, IS. 23. 27: May t and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Eni«>na<la. Ms»(rrl»len» Bay. Sun Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayman (Mpxloo) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. •
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right *o change
Ft<*am»rs. sailine datp? and hours of sailing,
wlthrmt previous notice.
TICRKT OFFMJK — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,
BERKELEY. April 10.-Professor
Alfred Emerson will speak on "The
Beginnings of Greek Sculpture.
Daedalus, ¦ lonian and Dorian
Schools' j Early Athenian Statuary," to
morrow afternoon at 3:45 o'clock In the
Mechanics' building.
The dinner which the Academic Council
is to give to Professor Moses.will be held
on the evening of April 14.
An expedition Is to be sent by the uni
versity this summer to Eastern Oregon to
explore for fossils. Some of the region Is
unexplored. The party will consist of Dr
J. L. Merrlam. W. J. St. Clalr, V. C. Os
mott, '00; J. C. Porry, "00, and H. W. Fur
long, '03. The funds for the expedition
have been furnished by frienda of the uni
versity.
At a meeting of the freshmen class In
North Hall yesterday afternoon the rush
between It and the sophomore class was
discussed. The following committee was
appointed to draw up rushing rules, de
termine the, date and make other arrange
ments: *
Seniors— E. W. Decoto, 8. O. Masters, C E.
Miller. Reno Hutrhlnson. W. M. Martin.
Juniors— E. A. Dickaon. N. M. Moran, L. L.
Greene, R. T. Fisher. M. H. Schwartz. Sopho
mores—F. M. Allen, Dv Ray Smith. Parker
Holt N. J. Fiebush. A. Adler. J. Eshleman
Freshmen— J. M. Koford. RF. Klerulff, C. P.
Jones, C. B. Van Valer, P. S. Maddux. Robert
Sibley. . .
The third contest of the musical clubs
assisted by the Ladles' Mandolin Club, E.
G. Kuster, '00. "cellist; Miss Mary Jean
Hush, '01. violinist; Elmer Harris,, mono
logist, and Harry L. Taylor, tenor, was
given In Hearst Hall yesterday afternoon
The Stanford Glee Club will give a con
cert at Hearst Hall on the evening of
April 21. On the same night the California
Musical Clubs will glvo a concert at Stan
ford, i¦- ¦
To-morrow the Associated Women Stu
dents will have their annual election. The
following have henn nominated for the
various offices:. President— Agnes Frisius.
'01; Irene Taylor. '01; Eva Powell, '01. Vice
president— Edna Owen. '01; Blanche Clark,
'01. Treasurer. Lydla" Dozler, '02; secre
tary, Edna Wemple, '03.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Senator Perkins Declines to Be Dele
gate at Large to Republican
Convention.
Fp*K-sal Dispatch to The <"all.
WASHINGTON. April 10,-Senator Per
kins declines to be a delegate at large to
the Republican National Convention. He
has received a large number of letters and
telegrams from representative Repub
licans of California urging him to allow
his name to be presented as a delegate
to the Philadelphia convention. He great
ly appreciates these suggestions, but feels
that on account of his pressing public
duties here and in view of the fact that
the Republicans of the State have abun
dant material from which to choose dele
gates at large— men whose eminent abil
ities and high reputation and whose ser
vices to the party entitle them to the
honor of representing their State in the
national convention— he should not con
sent to the use of his name and that he
should cheerfully stand aside in favor of
others equally worthy of the distinction.
Senator Bard to-day presented in the
Senate the resolutions of the Fresno Bar
Association favoring the passage of the
bill Introduced In the House by Represen
tative Needham dividing the Southern
Judicial District of California and provid
ing for the holding of terms of United
States courts at Los Angeles and Fresno.
This bill, already passed by the House,
will doubtless soon become law.
Senator Perkins has been in communica
tion with Commissioner Hermann of the
Land Office regarding the appointment uf
additional rangers for the Sierra forest
reserve. He received notice to-day from
Commissioner Hermann that George Wi
Stewart, register of the Land Office at
Visalla. had been authorized to direct the
superintendent of the Sierra forest re
serve to appoint and assign to duty it
once ten rangers for that ¦ reserve. Com
missioner Hermann says the experience
of the Land Office proves that a larger
number of rangers are required in south
€rn reserves than In northern, as they
are 'n greater danger from fires, but he
expects to be able to place a larger force
of rangers In the northern reserves dur
ing the next fiscal year.
The Oceanic Steamship Company has
been awarded the contract for carrying
the malls from San Francisco to New
Zealand and Australia for ten years, be
ginning November 1. 1900, at the rate of
$2 per mile outward voyage.
Headquarters of the Third Artillery,
United States army, have, been ordered
from Angel Island to the Presidio.
Pacific Coast pensions have been grant
ed as follows:
California: Original— lra H. Stough
ton. San Bernardino, $8; Samuel C. Smith,
6an Diego, $10. Additional— John Stanley,
Kedlands, $6 to $8. Restorations, reissue
and Increase— George Thlstleton. San
Francisco. $6 to $3. Increase— William Mc-
Coy, Yankee Jims. $6 to $S: John K. Wolf
ley, Traver. $6 to $8. Original widows,
special, accrued March 29— Mary B. Mc-
Master, Arcata, $8.
Oregon: Original— Robert B. Grieve,
Shake, $<5: I^eander Cole, Oakland, $6:
James Rogers, Prosper, $6. Original
widows, special, accrued March 29— Minor
of William A- Galloway. Elgin, $14.
Washington: Increase— Richard Betts,
Everett. $6 to $10.
Postofllce established: California—Ra
dee. Riverside County. Laura Long. Post
mistress. Discontinued — Gorman, Los An
geles County mail to Neenach. Wash
ington—Allyn, 'Mason County.' mall to
Victor Joseph B.- Recce has been com
missioned Postmaster at Carls. Cal.
¦ Patents for Californians— Daniel W.
Balch San Francissco. ¦ leaching tank;
Harry R- Bennett, San Francisco, elec
trical gas lighter: Reginald G. Blower,
Los Angeles, paper holder; -Newman Es-
Kirk Los Angeles, spike puller: George
Gulnther. Covina. nail extractor; John
jorgenson. San Francisco, railway sig
nal* Henry Kunz. Alameda. sliding bolt;
John G. *M. Macready. San Francisco,
blackboard rubber; William L. Russell.
Oakland, cut-off' valve rear; Elisha W.
Palmer. Fullerton. vehicle rublron.
Washington— William H. Bartolette,
Marycvllle, thread guide for warping
reels- Christopher Christiansen, Falrha
ven Index; Charles Geske and C. Miller,
Seattle, screen; Ellas W. Johnson, Seat
tle, marine tram.
REPORTS OF RICH
STRIKES IN ALASKA
M- W. Watson, the Scion of an An
cient and Noble Irish Family,
Attempts Suicide.
6p»clal Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. April 10.— Dawson advices to
March 2S, received to-night, state that M.
W. Watson, the scion of an ancient and
noble Irish family, who was permitted to
sign himself the Hon. M. W. St. John Wat
eon Beresford of Creaduff House, Athlone.
Ireland, attempted suicide by shooting
himself. His life hangs by a thread and
hfe may recover. He is 33 years old and
a nephew of Viscount Castlemalne of
Creaiiuft*. Athlone, Ireland, and in direct
line to the helrship. He has been in the
British army. I
Captain William Thorburn, a native of
Edinburgh, 38 years of age. attempted
suicide on March 27 by shooting himself
In the head. It is almost certain the
wound will prove fatal. He had been dis
sipating.
News of a very rich strike on Jack
W ade Creek on March 13 had just reached
Dawson. It was made on the Lower Dis
covery, owned by Peacock & Badridge. I.
N. Davidson brought the news to Dawson.
The strike is in four feet of dirt which
averages $52 to the bucket. Two men,
who are working on the claim, are said to
have rocked out $1500 In twenty-four
hours. Mr. Davidson also reports another
strike on State Creek, branch of the
Fourth Fork of Forty Mile Creek and
heading Eagle City district. Ground on
all those creeks is fully staked, so that
there Is no room for stampeders and cap
ital alone talks in those quarters. Owners
of claims are all making great prepara
tions for work this summer.
News has been brought up the Yukon
by way of Dawson that reports of strikes
of almost Incredible wealth In gold have
been made along Koyokuk and that
camps along the Yukon have been greatly
excited and half of them are deserted by
men going on stampedes to the new dis
tricts. ¦...;•¦:, ¦;¦-;.-.
' • ¦
Widow Files Deeds.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, April 10.— The late
Charles Kax'anaugh, who i died at his
home near Menlo Park a few weeks ago,
disposed of his entire estate, valued at
$100,000 or more, before his death. Yes
terday deeds were filed for record at this
place by which the widow, Mary A. Kava
naugh. and the son, Moses F. X. Kava
naugh, receive the entire estate of de
ceased. The deeds were made and exe
cuted In March last, a short time before
the death of deceased.
Preferred Death to Prison.
LODI. Cal., April 10.— Rather than ro to
Jail, Samuel W. Hackett, a well-known
citizen of Acampo, took poison shortly
after noon to-day and died In a few min
utes in the Lodl jail. He had created a
disturbance at the home of his brother-
JAMES J. HILL HAS
A NARROW ESCAPE
Train Bearing the Great Northern's
President Is Ditched in .
Montana.
r?*'TTK. Mont.. April 10.— President J. J.
mil of the Great Norih^rn. attended by a
parry of efTirials of his road..- arrived in
this city to-day aftT an exciting expori
fnoc Early this morning his special
tra'n wan dltch»-d on the Northern Pacific
track in Silver Bow Canyon, about six
mil^s wert of Silver Bow Junction.
Tho orpine and baggage car were over
txirnf-d and. although the members of the
party w*-r«> badly shaken, none were in
jored. Th* Northern Pacific F«*nt out a
*r >A '*ial tr.'dn. which brought the railroad
iriiiynatf and his friends to the city. Mr.
Hill and his party went £ast this after
noon.
New etrf\ waF b*>ing laid In the canyon
wherp tho aocio>nt occurred, and several
rail* had be«=-n torn up. Mr. Hill's train
was traveling at a high rate of speed, and
alihouch flagged th»» engineer could not
ftoj) his engine In time to prevent the ac
cident.
NAMED BY PROHIBITIONISTS
Etnte Convention Meets in Portland
and Makes Nominations.
PORTLAND. Or.. April 10.— The Prohibi
tion State Convention to-day nominated a
ticket head'd by C. J. Bright of Sherman
County for Supreme Judge. The platform
arraigns th«* Republican party for its at
titude on the iiquor question, on Cuba,
Porto Rico, the Philippines, and President
McKlnley Is criticized for not prohibiting
the army canteen. The Democratic party
is accused of being insincere regarding
th«? liquor traffic.
Bravin Not Killed.
f=r*<-is! r>;.«i>atrh to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP. April 10.— William
Bravin. a brother of George Uravin, the
jailf-r who was reported to have been
killed in the jail delivery at Tombstone,
Ariz., ha* received a dispatch from the
Sheriff at that place stating that his
brother wa« fot killed, but wounded, and
Is ooiug well.
Grip in Woodland.
Special Dispatch to The' Call.
WOODLAND. April 10.— The grip haa
become epidemic in Yolo County, and
there are now more cases than ever be- »
fore reported at one time.
MAY SEE HER CHILD.
Colonel Maroeau and His Former
Wife Enter Into an Agreement.
LOS ANGELES, April 10.— An arrange
ment was made between Colonel Theodore
Marceau and his former wife to-day
whereby Mrs. Fiske»Marceau-Fennell Is
permitted to see the child, Theodore Mar
ceau Jr., each day between the hours of
3 and 4 p. m at a room in the Westminster
Hotel, where Mrs. Colonel Marceau agrees
to remain. Colonel Marceau Is not to be
present, but will have a lady to represent
him during the meetings.
Mullen Is Safe.
LOS ANGELES, April 10— Edward F.
Mullen of this city, who was said to have
mysteriously disappeared from Seattle.
\\ ash., has turned up all right In Port
land, Or. Hla mother In Los Angeles re
ceived a telegram from him last night as
suring her of his safety.
<jpf> LAMEDA, April 10.—Self-govem
f( \\ mer.t among the pupils of the
Jl Longfellow School is working like
a charm. All the more charming
because the pupils not only successfully
carry on the discipline of the school, but
occasionally a teacher or a principal Is
haled up before the Juvenile bar of Jus
tice. Principal Suzzalo, the first to estab
lish aelf-government m a California
school, was the first to suffer chastise
ment at the hands of his own charges.
The pupils' government Is composed of
a set of officers which corresponds to that
of the municipality of Alameda. The
marshal is the king pin of them all. how
ever, and he Is clothed with authority to
jail the entire school if necessary to main
tain the proper decorum. Wilbur Lank
tree is the Longfellow"? marshal. Young
Lanktree Is a husky lad and fierce to the
backbone. No criminal ever escapes him.
He has made an ideal marshal.
Principal Suzzalo has reason to regret
this ideality, this fierceness, this huski
ness In Marshal Lanktree. for at noon
Tuesday last he bumped severely up
against each of those sterling qualities
Personal Property Taxes Due.
The Assessor states that owing to
changed conditions and requirements th«
collection of unsecured personal property
taxes are now due and payable for tho
year 1000. Heretofore taxpayers were al
lowed to pay these taxes at any time dur
ing the months of April and May. Thi3
year It is necessary to collect them beforo
the Ist of May, because under the new
charter the Assessor must close his books
In order that the Supervisors may esti
mate the levy thereon in the beginning of
July rather than In September, as hereto
fore. Taxpayers are notified to be pre
pared to pay these taxes on demand to
the field deputy, who will call but once.
Should the taxpayer not pay the 9am« to
the deputy he is given five days In which
to call at the Assessor's office, which wiil
be kept open until 10 p. m. daily.
Mabel Russell and Chris Bruno of Morosco's New Company.
TWO New York favorites coaxed from the applause of metropolitan audi
ences to add to their laurels in this city will make their initial appear
ance in the West on Sunday evening at Moroscos Grand Opera-house.
These two members of Morosco's splendW new extravaganza company"
are Mabel Russell and Chris Bruno, the soubrefte and comedian of the organ
ization. Both come direct from the Casino, New York City.
Miss Russell Is exactly; what one would wish a soubrette to be— petite,
dainty, with large, trusting, blue eyes, a wealth of flaxen hair, and with it
all a smile and a peculiar charm that will make many a Johnny's heart go
a-thumping. But Miss Russell, however, has more than looks to recommend
her to local theater-goers. She has a' splendid voice, and excels in grotesque
and eccentric step dancing. Bruno, the new comedian, is one of the few pre
cocious children of the stage to develop Into a grown up actor. Graduating
from the dramatic stage to the operatic boards. Mr. Bruno stands pre-emi
nent as a comedian who sings well and dar.ces as well as he sings. He is a
splendid mimic, and his work Is stamped by all-round cleverness and orlgin-
Both Miss Russell and Chris Bruno' will make their .debut on Sunday
evening in the extravaganza, "An Arabian Girl."
DELEGATES CHOSEN TO
GO TO LOS ANGELES
Representatives Elected by the Na
tional Republican I/eague and
Howard Club of This City.
A meeting of the National Republican
League of San Francisco was held last
evening at the rcoms of the Union League
Club, PaJace Hotel. Colonel William Mac
donald, president, stated that the purpose
of the meeting was to select delegates to
the convention of Republican clubs at Los
Angeles. Zenas U. Dodge, secretary an
nounced that the league was entitled to
nineteen representatives— one at large,
three for the ofllcers of the league and
fifteen for the actual enrollment under
the apportionment allowing one dogate
to every twenty-five members. The fol
lowing 'delegates were chosen: V;
Barnes, at large; George Stone. William
Macdonald. Zenas U. Dodge. Albert *..
Castle J- Murray Bailey. Reuben I.
fcfoyd, Hugh M. Burke George A. KnUht.
T V Eddy. George A. Newhall, M*nc
Lane' JC. Currier. E. M. Galvln. F. A.
rtdla'r. M 7 Cooney, E. I, Wolfe and T. C.
M On e moUon of Colonel T. V. Eddy the
as the place for holding the next conven
"^larg'eT/aUe^ded meeting of the How-
™ 1 the necessity of the members of the
?i?ih taking an active interest in securing
the cast nf of every Republican vote for
defecates to the State convention at the
gens John W. Knch and Horace Jackson
At the next meeting of the club officers
will be elected for the ensuing year.
At a meeting of the executive commit
ted of League last even
ng the following delegates .were ' elected
H 6 W Dlnkelsnlel (at large). M. H. de
Youne II " C. Dibble. John T. Dare. \ Ictor D.
,\°""J; f k Ellert D. L. Farnsworth. H.
Thomas Flint Jr.. James E,
Field OeorKe 'n. Flack. L. A. Gibbons George
S Graham? O. C. Granger. Harry N. Gray.
Itow A *£ ? Van Du*er Frank Vail. Frank
S irnrth Marshall B. Woodworth. R. H.
WebJte? E My«n Wolfe. Davis Uouderback..
The Forty-third Assembly District Re
publican Club held a largely attended
meeting last evening at the California
Hote . The following officers were elected
for the ensuing t«»rm: President. J. D.
Hart- vice presidents. Dawson Mayer.
Tiidtre J G. Severance; secretary-. Fred
TobffmJn: treasurer. F P. Shibeley;
sergeant at arms. George W. Ppole. Dele
irates to the League of Republican Clubs
convention to be held at Los Angeles on
April 27 and 28:
ronoral R H Wnrfleld. Dr. T. H. Morrtn.
naw"on Mayer.' General S. W. ; Backus. Dr.
Fnnklln Pancoact, Robert Wlencke. Charles
H Hawley. Fred Tobelman and John Lack
rnann.
The executive committee chosen consists
of John H. Harney. E. S. Strauss, WHUam
B. Hinchliffe, Senator George H. Wil
liams. Israel Ellas. M. Vocel; George B.
Knowles, Joseph Klopenstlne, Abe Kas
kell John Leinhardt, William J. Crozler.
W. C. R. Smith. Dr. T. H. Morris. Dr.
F Pancoast and A. Berg;" finance com
mittee-John F. Bullwinkel, A. Coad, C.
H. Hawley. George K. Hilton. G.- B. De
martini. Charles F. Mclntosh. Paul Saul
nler Thomas McCarthy. Robert S. Lees,
Martin Kurtzlg. G. Bettis.
BERKELEY. April 10.— The Berkeley
Republican Club this evening elected the
following delegates to the State Conven
tion of Republican clubs at Los Angeles:
A. B. Arnold, W. K. Weir. J. L. Scotchler.
Warren Cheeney. Arthur Elston, W. E.
Colby, C. S. Spear, J. M. Foy, James
Hamilton. E. J. Martin, John Lynch and
H. W. Batchelder.
AGENT THOMAS SEIZES
OVERWEIGHT TOBACCO
Believes That the Government Was
Being Defrauded of a Very
Large Sum.
Internal Revenue Agent Burt . M.
Thomas made an important seizure yes
terday that may result in a saving to
the Government of $50,000 per annum, and
that will cost a very large tobacco firm
In St. Louis alarge sum of money In the
way of fines.
Mr. Thomas discovered that the Wels
ert Bros. Tobacco Company of St. Louis.
Mo., had placed upon the market in small
packages what they named the Arrow
Plug Cut Tobacco. The internal revenue
stamp upon each package called for one
and two-thirds ounces of tobacco. Mr.
Thomas found that the package in reality
contained from one and three-quarters to
two nunres each instead of only one and
two-thirds ounces. As the company named
produces many hundreds of thousands of
these packages every year, Mr. Thomas
was of the belief that the Government
was being defrauded of a. very large sum
of revenue unpaid.
He seized 500 pounds yesterday from lo
cal dealers, all of the packages being
overweight, and has reported the fact to
the Secretary of the Treasury.
This is the most Important revenue seiz
ure made on this coast within the present
year.
HUSBAND WANTS
TO TARE DEEDED
PROPERTY BACK
Thomas C. Armstrong Ac
cuses His Wife of Shrewd
Dealing.
He Brings Suit for the Recovery ot
Beal Estate In San Francisco
and Haywards Valued
at 920,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 JJroadway. April 10.
Thomas C. Armstrong when at death's
door looked on deeds in a manner differ
ent from the way he looks at them now.
About three years ago, under the impres
sion that he was about to die. he deeded
two parcels of real estate— one of Hay
wards and the other of San Francisco
property— to his wife, Sarah M. Arm
strong. These'deeds are to property val
ued at $20,000, and now that he has re
covered his health Armstrong wants hia
property back.
The suit for the recovery of the prop
erty came up for trial before Judge Ells
worth to-day, Langan & Lemos- appear
ing for the plaintiff and Gibson & Wnolner
for the defendant. Armstrong contends
that while he waa lying dangerously til
his wife took the deeds out of a bureau
drawer, where he had placed them, and
had them recorded. He afterward recov
ered, only to find that his property was
gone and that he was left nearly penni
less. Mr 3. Armstrong, so the plaintiff
claims, not only refused to annul tho
deeds, but excluded him from his home.
Armstrong was formerly an expressman
and later a real estate dealer at Hay
wards. He was married to a daughter of
one of the Martin brothers at San Lor
enzo nearly thirty years ago. and the cou
ple have now thre£ grown children.
The case was continued until 10 o'clock
to-morrow morning. As both the parties
are welt known in Alameda County, a
good deal of Interest has been excited by
the legal proceedings.
HOPE TO BE FAVORITES
WITH THEATER PATRONS
In-law, and on being arrested, .gave bail.
Later he was surrendered by his bonds
men, as he attempted to repeat the of
fense. A Constable started to take Hack
ett to Stockton and he took sixty grains
of. strychnine. He leaves a widow and six
CLEVELAND'S LECTURE
PLEASES STUDENTS
It Is Announced That He Will De
liver Talks Annually at
; Princeton^
PRINCETON. N. J., April 10.—Ex-Presl
dent Cleveland delivered his second lec
ture In Alexander Hall to-night before a
large number of students, members of the
faculty, their families and many others.
At 8 o'clock President Patton and Mr.
Cleveland appeared on the rostrum and
were greeted with prolonged applause.
Throughout the lecture the ex-President
was frequently interrupted by applause,
and at its close the big. hall rang with
cheers of enthusiastic students and others
present.
Dr. Patton expressed the thanks of the
university to Mr. Cleveland for delivering
the lectures, and surprised the audience
by announcing that Mr. Cleveland- would
deliver the Stafford Little lectures again
next year. and. he hoped, for as many aa
the ex-President would have strength to
deliver thorn.
Mrs. Cleveland was at the lecture and
sat beside the venerable Stafford Little,
who was escorted to the hall by Professor
West. J-T.V:-
WOUNDS HIS MOTHER
AND KILLS HIMSELF
Deed of a Wealthy Merchant While
' Laboring Under a Fit of Tem
porary Insanity.
KINGSTON. X. V.. April 10. -J. Albert
Merrltti asretl 46, one of the most success
ful dry goods' merchants in this city, in
a fit of temporary Insanity to-day shot
his mother through the head and then
shot himself, dying instantly. It is
thought Mrs. Merrltt will die.
Mr. Merritt was owner of the dry goods
house of James O. Merritt & Co., and
was very wealthy. His father died while
insane; two uncles and a niece on his
father's side committed suicide and two
uncles on his mother's side killed them
selves. He had been complaining for sev
eral days of nervousness and of pains in
his head.
MUST STOP HYDRAULICKING.
Permanent Injunction Is Granted
Against Kate Hayes Mine.
MARYSVILLE, April 10.— In the suit of
the County of Yuba vs. the Kate Hayes
Mining Company, operating the Kate
Hayes hydraulic mine, near Sweetland.
Nevada County, an Injunction was" asked
by the plaintiff and was made permanent
by the Superior Court before Judge Davis
to-day. ¦'-.¦->
Testimony was offered by Engineer
George F. Allardt to the effect that the
encroachment on navigable streams, ow
ing to the operation of this mine and
others. of a like character, had worked
irreparable injury. Attorney C. \V.
Cross, for the defendant, made no oppo
sition to the granting of the injunction,
requesting merely that the right to sell
water be not Included therein against the
company. The Kate Hayes mine has
dumped into Sweetland Creek, a tributary
to the Yuba River. Attorney Robert T.
Devlin appeared for Yuba County.
PRINCIPAL SUZZALO
ARRESTED BY PUPILS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11. 1900.
L_^f^-I In the Goldffelds, a y
F^tx|C Winchester Repeating Rifle
/^ * s a & eSL t ' aw * n ltse^» 1* protect you and
i^^^^^ Winchester
Ammunition
f^^^T^^^^^ Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
i^^3l^^^^^C ac^ ress -° n a postal card for 160-page Illustrated
V^fed FrB^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
"^ LlSi 4 1 ® * lal * et Street, San Francisco, Cal.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner Ftrst and Brannan streets, lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kob-* (Hloa;o>. Nagasaki and Shanghai. an<t
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for In-
dia, etc No OlT«o received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday. April 25th. V") 9
PS. AMERICA MARU.Saturday. May 13th. 1300
SS. HONGKONO MARU
Thur-day. June 14th, 1300....
Via Honolulu.
Ronnd-trlp ticket* at reduced rate*. Fof
freight and pa.*«age apply at company** otflc*.
421 Market st.. comer First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent-
THE 0. R. & ft. CO.
DISPATCH FABT dTEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CIQP £12 First Closs Includlcs Berth
rHiIL. $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails April 8
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. LSutte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticketn to all points East.
E- C. WARD. General Afrent. '
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
COXPAOSIS EEKEBALE THANSATLASTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVnE-PARIS. jjj^
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <3jj»f>>
Saturday, from November 2. li<39. at ' "*~^ '
10 a. m.. from Pier 43. North River, foot o£
Morton »t. L'AQUITAINE. April 12: LA OA3-
COONE, April 1#: LA TOURAtNE. AprtJ Ul
LA RRETAGNE. May J. First dw to
Havre. J«0 and upward; 5 p«r cent reduction
on round trip. Second, class to HavTe. W5: S
per cent reduction on ronnd trip. CENTRAL
AOENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. S2 Rrrwdway (Hudson butldin?). New
York. J. F. FVOAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San Fmnclaco.
THE BEST I/AXATIVE.
A Pure Natural Aperient Water,
ABSOLUTELY ODORLESS,
and therefore free from all the offensive smelf often
found in Aperient Waters.
RELIEVES DISORDERED STOMACH, CURES CONSTIPATION.
The ONLY Aperient Water bottled at the Hunyadi Springs,
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER,; Sole Prop., Budapest, Hungary.;
9SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
jrC~fNT£SB OFFICE of th« Ran FrsLßrtsieo
Cslt corner of Market and Third rtfWa. open
until J2 ©Viork every nlcht in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— « 27 Mcntgc-nery street,
~~»er Cley: open until 9:30 p. m.
tt« Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. ra.
tTt McAllister street; open until 9:80 p. m.
*X Larkln street: open until 9:80 p. m.
1»« Mission street; open until 19 p. m.
" Rtl Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open
cntll 1 5. re. *
If* Ele— enth street: epe*» until • p. »•
JCM Valencia street: open until 9 p. ro.
Jt?» Polk «treet: open until 9 p. ra.
Northwert corner Tw enty-second and Ken-
tucky r»reet«: ope— until t p. ta.
MEETING NOTICES.
CROCKETT LODGE NO~fs9. F. &A. •
M— Degree 2 THIS (WEDNESDAY) jS\-
EVENING, April 11. at 7:30 o'clock. Jt/\
By order cf the W. M. /"V "»
H. FOKTRIEDE, Secretary.
EXCELKIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. A A. fl
M.— Fpeclal meeting THIS (WEDNES- **%-
DAY) EVENING. April 11, at 7:30 /iJK
o'clock. Third degree. '~^
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION LODGE NO. IC9, F. &A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) __r\_
EVENING, at 7:31t o'cl-x-k. Klrtt <Je- jL_jZ
gree. C. P. BUNKER. Sec. /^F^
XTNGKOSEINQ
Resolution- «nd 6!plcn ias a i>r>*clany. 3. W.
Griffith. He-id' s Business College. 24 Port st
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS — Industrial Insurance; rooms 17, 18
and IS. Dcnohoe building. Call from 8-9 a.
pi. and 5-6 p. m. L. J. EKSTROM. Asst. Supt.
AGENT? for on all-round useful utensil: best
ever Invented; $15 to $*5 per day; profitable,
permanent business. Coll or write HERRICK,
3417 Brush ft.. Oakland.
NO samples; no work: only talk and good pay.
Address box 3098. Call office.
A GOOD proposition for ladles or gentlemen.
1340 Market »t.
WANTED— Agents everywhere to sell our Btock.
Ra-llwaymen's Oil Co.. S»: Parrott bldg.. S. F.
ASTROLOGY.
PltOF A. MAS KKY ef Egypt, greatest astrolo.
e'.tt and palmist In the world: tat laf action
ruararteefl 427 Golden Cat» aye.
~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE fre«; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att y at law. teO Market, cor. Stocktn.
TV. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phone Davis *34. 410 Kearny st.
ADVICE 'ree: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. *27 Market *t. npp. Mason.
F. H. MKRZUACH. attorney at law. has re-
rumed practice at Mi Cal. st.. Clur.le bids'.
L. £ rLABK. Frr :rr._ Ppreckels b'dg.. 527 Mar-
ket •». 1 1 ii—tfWww *ree; nn '»n In advance.
BATII CABINET— HOT AIR. VAPOR.
ROBINSON IS 4-panel folding: door opens firm
and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 EUls.
nEI.oIAN HARKS.
LOKD ESSEX, ln-.ported. fee $15; Teddy Roose-
velt, winner first prise L. A.. $15; Britain
Prince, own son of Lord Britain. $10: Dandy
Btyles. own eon of Sir Btyles. Imp., S10: Kll-
dar* Imp., $S. Hlgh-c!ass does, from $10 to
171 <rred): oiso grand bucks for sale. F. E.
MASON. 1710 Everett gt.. Alameda, CaL Vis-
itors welcome, except Sundays.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian hares from all the
rreatest winning strains. Champion Edlnboro
11. Lord Britain and others. Tremont Rab-
Mtry, 2«l> Sacramento st. ; phone West 237.
VICTORIA RABBITRY— Headed b7 Palace
Royal, •corl'ig « rrl*es: other bucks at stud
end for rele; does of all grades and strains,
bred «r.<3 unbred. 1277 Seventh ay.. E. 00-J'd.
SALESROOM for the Laurel Dell Rabbltry of
Salinas, Cal.. at the Montgomery market. 735
Market st.; ojrents for the Meadow Brook
Belgian Hare Company of Los Angeles.
CHOICE alf»lf« for Belrisa hare*. 20 Golden
IIOAKUI.M. FOR CUILUR-.N.
PRIVATE home for children, 1 day to 15 years,
by week or month: large sunny yard; select
neighborhood ; mothers ca.ro; kindergarten;
irrnt low. ISO 4 Poet, bet. Geary and Sutter.
ONE or 2 children to board: nice sunny yard;
frood home: references. 818 Mission st.
ONE or more children to board: good home and
mother's c»r*. 102 Arlington *t.. cor. MairUl.
GOOD board for one or two children; nice
home. IC2OA C-pp »t. |
EXCELLENT home for children; terms low.
f!6 Bay »t.. near Hyde.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; German
family. 429 Minna st.
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
CCHOOL BOOKS bought acd exchanged.
Hr't-M TV*>k m.. JOI Ml««(r>n St.. near Third.
IIOOT AND SHOE UAUGAINS.
BARGAINS! Jr. ladles' and children's shoes;
drummers' eomples at manufacturer's cost.
J. KOHLBECKER. 145 Fourth St. j
Bl&INI-SS CUA.VCES.
A— *ISOO; BAKERY on leading business street;
Western Addition; rent »r«:» r «: 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking ?'¦? barrels per day: elck-
D«-a cause of eale. See it. G. WIL.KE. &X :
Market st.
A-s.*oC>: PARTNER wanted In old established
and first-class paying corner ealoon; retiring
partner to leave for Nome; a splendid offer.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market St.
A— sl2so; CORNER saloon; established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
$42 50; best location on Sansome st.; owner
clears above $1.0 per month. R. G. WILKE.
80C Market et.
A— s7so; CORNER ealoon, with 11 club and la-
filee' rooms; rent $40; place established for
years; very best location; first class; paying.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sKoo; CORNER grocery and bar on Hayes
et.: rent SI--, including rooms; large stock of
liquors and groceries- a first-class, paying
buslne-t,. Inquire R. G. WILKE, S0« Market.
A— s2ooo; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
living rooms: rent 1.'.0; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Mlrsion st. ; place doing a good
paying cash business; full value In eight.
Call R. G. WILKE. SO6 Market st.
A— s3so; CIGAR store; clearing $4 daily: splen-
did location: Market and East sta. ; rent $12.
_ Call R. O. WILKE. K< Market rt.
LIST YOl'R STORE '.
BALOON. CITY OR COUNTRY REAL
ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH ME
I CAN SELL IT FOR CASH
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER. IC2O MARKET ST..
PHONE JOHN IV
____________ _
AND BAR.
«0 BOARDERS.
T3argaln: price with DECKER. 1020 Market.
*7SO— FALOON on East st.: paying business;
rent 3iO. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
GROCERY and ealoon: 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; ions lease. Call Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal. :is-j California st.
TRANSFER saloon; cheap it Bold this week.
Ldijuor Lwaltrrs' Journal, £ttH California st
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Jcurnal. IiS&H California st. room 1.
A HOARDING and livery stable; fin* location.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market et.
A BRANCH bakery, clrar. candy and notion
rtore; bargain. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
RESTAURANT on water front; a snap; see It
COWING A CO.. 71S Market St.
EALOON and bowling alley for vale; most cen-
tral location in town; ea«y terms if necessary,
or will take tn a good man as partner. Apply
J. E. SUNKEY A CO., 1 Fifth et.. corner
Mnrket.
J2CCO— FINn livery and feed stable: everything
Templet*: clears $200 per month: sickness
rauee »f eale. JONES & CO.. ttb Market «t-
53<X>— BAKERY with oven: bargain this day.
Mclaughlin _- 00.. 7774 Market st.
X— CSO— PARTNEH: moving and storage busi-
ness: $150 monthly. KRKPO&CO.. 22 ¦* Geary.
$00 TO $15,000— Parties to Invest amounts from
$59 to $15,000 for increasing manufacturing
business; staple article; always In demand;
no competition; pays over 25 per cent per '
annum: money secured. Address box 3413,
Call oClc*.
CAPITAL -ranted to procure foreign' patents
and construct only practical "air ship ; half
construction money already subscribed by
prominent Chine**; stock for Bale. STAN-
LEY. 218 Sal-some st.
i*oo^PARTNER in the country in a nice cigar,
tobacco and notion store; billiard parlor and
barber shop, etc.; expenses paid while here
investigating. For particulars write lock
box 144. Geyservllle. Sonoma County, Cal.
GFNTLEMAN who has first-clans lay on Nome
claims and half the capital desires partner
with email capital; answer Immediately. Box
M 2-. Call. ¦ •".-. -' ¦ 1
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, ail rented; near car houses and
transfers; rent $35; going to Cape Nome. ;
1915 Central aye.
$*00— CORNER grocery: no bar: new. dean
•tock. Inquire 1121 Larkln, cor. Bush; no acts.
RESINESS CHANCEL— Continued.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy, sell or exchange anj
property or business, we are able to pleasi
you In every respect. BROCKLEHCRST &
MEGLADDERY. 7C9 Market ft.
FOR sale— An established manufacturing buel
ness for the reproduction or restoration o!
hair; rights and patents all clear; doing ar
Al business and receiving orders from even
direction. BROCKLEHURST & MEGLAD-
DERY, 7B» Market Bt.
SALOON doing good business; good location:
owner leaving town; price $250; call Immedi-
ately. UHOCKLEHURBT & MEGLADDERY,
76» Market st. '
$S'<k— CAUSR of departure; Bell half-Interest Ir
well-establinhed, paying business: full Inves-
tigation and trial given. Box 3421, Call office,
RELIABLE man with $1000 or more to travel
or manage home ofitce; splendid opportunity.
F. LAWN, Santa Cms.
$300— SALOON and cafe, with piano, for sale;
owner rolnp away; rent $30; old established.
Box 3427. Call office.
PARTNER wanted In fruit and vegetable busi-
ness; small capital. Address 432 Cortland
avenue.
BAKERY; brick oven; living rooms: store
trade; rent $15; price $350. Apply 42S Sixth.
A FINE downtown route on The Call; bus. sec-
tion. Apply forenoon &¦ evng.. 1121 Filbert,
CAPITAL wanted for a water proposition in
Kern County; it beats gold, silver or oil
and will pay 20 per cent or more on capital
necessary to Install the plant. For par-
ticulars address box 3323. Call office.
BAKERY, school supplies, candies, notions and
cigar-: good fixtures; fine trade; living rooms.
Box 3407. Call office.
PHOTO gallery for sale; will pay for Itself In
four months. Call at Pacific Photo Journal,
916 Market Bt.
FOR sal* — $250: beet small restaurant In city;
clears $85 month. Inquire 639 Howard; French
laundry.
STATIONERY, notion and cigar store; fine lo-
cation; near 3 large schools. 300 Hayes st.
FOR sale— Branch bakery, notion and candy
store. 21SH Fourteenth st.. Pan Francisco.
GOOD paying butcher business for sale; deslr-
able location. Address box 3099. Call office. •
4-CHAIR barber shop for sole cheap; party
going North. 30Su Sixteenth st.
BAKERY store, 11C5 Howard St.; 4 rooms, with
larve oven and tools to-let low.
$3«t— For sale- groceries and bor and lodging-
house. 123 Perry et.
$3900— PARTNER In manufacturing business;
young, active man. Box SC32, Call office.
FOR sale cheap— Complete brickmaking plant;
gasoline engine: Quaker machine: capacity
S6.000; located on Donahue road: convenient
for shipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO.. Hilton. Sonoma County. Cal.
COAL yard for rent; fine location and does good
buslneas; entirely covered; 3 stalls: also fine
place for milk depot. Inquire of WILLIAM
HENDRICKSON & CO.. room 614. Call bldg.
BARGAIN— Hay. gTain. wood and coal busi-
ness; established 20 years; must sell; will ex-
change for city property: assume mortgage or
pey difference In cash. Box 3070. Call.
$1?00— FOR sale; one of the best located res-
taurants in city: owner has two places; a
fortune to the right party. Address box 8017,
Call office.
$3<XK>— FOR sale, a fine corner drug store; owner
has two places; place Is making big money.
Address box 301 S. Call office.
PARTNER wanted to Invest a small amount
cf money in Cape Nome property that is
known to be good. Box 3143. Call office.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap: in the country.
Box 2746, Call office, Oakland.
$500— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store
for sale Box 3025. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. 712 Valencia st,
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL ,t CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of edver-
tlsur.erts and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Et. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Coll advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1696 Va-
lencia st
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery and laundry; 3-can milk wagon;
2-eeated spring wagon; 1 heavy and 2 light
delivery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
KEW _t :_-hond wagons, buggies, carts A har-
ness, work & driving horres. l.th & Valencia.
SELLING cut. half ccst. 100 sets harness, 200
wagons. 1140 Folsom st. near Eighth.
______
CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, lightest and
best: no nails; no screws; won't break, mi'-*
Mission st.
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount of
mr.ney In Cape Nome property known to be
pood. Address box 3143. Call office.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
\\ HEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to EPAULI>ING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 3G3-157 Tehama st.: tel. S. 4«.
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITT Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mcr.. 28-40 Bth st.; tel. South 260.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid" at 4c.
BTRATTON'E. 3 Eighth et: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main JS4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'E Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVEDI
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Tbe World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Slelc Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases en earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
che has mad* are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If yon cannot call, for thousands upon tbou-
*_n_s have been ms.de rich, happy and
fct-althy, without ever having come to see this
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall I.
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence is kept sacredly confidential.
Addreis or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061
Ceventh aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
-N. B.— Take 8. F. broad gauga ferry and
get off st Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells paßt
and future: cures diseases by sympathy:
never falls; has the seven seals, the greatest
.Egyptian secret of the world: shows picture
of future hu?ban<l or wife; gives lucky num-
bers: advice in all speculation, love and legal
affairs; any one consulting the madame will
be convinced that she is no sham; tips on
races; prices 25c and up: come and you will
be surprised; gives satisfaction to every one.
1167 Market Et. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton. Is located at 43
Sixth st: spiritual labor readings dally from
9 a m. to 7 p. m.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. dally; consult, free;
meeting to-night; all Invited. 148 6th. rm. 1.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual and healing medium;
readings and treatments dally. 24 Sixth at.
HRS. ROBINSON. 1646 Market, opp. 10th; slt-
tlngs dally; circles Monday and Friday eves.
MEDA HOSKINS, spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket. bet. 10th and 11th: clr. Sinn., 8 p. m.; 25c.
BRODTKORB will give readings to-day for
_5c and circle at 8. 116 Sixth st.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Frl. eve; lOo;
readings. L. 25c; G.. 60c. 1204 Flllmore st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister: spiritual
readings dally; test clr. to-night, Thurs. at 1.
MRS. J. J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test. business
medium, life reader: sitting. (1. 1104 Market,
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK t
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 105 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
Btery; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove, family troubles; restore
lost affections; unite the separated; recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while in a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st, near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally. __
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St.. near Larkln.
MADAM SYLVESTER, the celebrated scientific
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee, ladles,
tOe: cents, $1; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 313 Eddy st.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
seek to know answered, without questions;
satisfaction; readings EOc and $1. 126 O'Farrell.
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt, r^ IS.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ____.
MRS. SHELDON reads life fluently; business
y advice. 850 Market si. second floor, room 37.
t MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 92m Mission. op.Mlnt.
" MME ZEREDA of S Seventh St.. original gypay
' t life reader; last week; readings 25c.
n MMX. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
V palmistry. 2f>c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
- sittings dally. 212H Sixth st. --¦.-¦¦-- •'
- MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
, advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
- MME BYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
n band's picture. £sc: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
- COLLECTION OFFICES.
1 GEORGE W. KELLT'S Agency: no charge uo-
• less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
; COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms, basement.
; yard; stable If required. IS7G Fifteenth gt.
J SUNNY cottage, 5 rooms; rent $12. 2718 Bryant
aye.. near Twenty-fifth st.
I DENTISTS.
- A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
1 to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
mork at reasonable prices; pure gckl fillings
1 from $1 up: other fillings from 60c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
» crowned without pain: plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth- on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $:5; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
rpeclalty: see our flesh-colored platee. thinner
I and stronger than rubber, warranted for 24
year*: flfllngs. We; crowns, $3 60: all work
painless* and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
• lors. 24 Sixth st.
! AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
; without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
1 $3 60 up: plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. *to 2
p. m. Q. w. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
r derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $5: received 8 first
prliea; no students; guaranteed 1! years.
FULL set of teeth. 35; gold crowns. $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
' silver. 60c; rainless extraction. 00c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
1 DR. LUDLUM HILL. 14« Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
" old plates made over like new; teetn from $8
per set: extracting BOc; gas given.
I IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with wrlt-
• ten guarantee for 6 years; plates, $3: crowns,
. $1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
¦ MEYER. Deutscner >lahnarzt, 6 Turk: painless
ext. crowns, brldgework: open Sund. till 12.
- EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third St.; crown-
bridge work; ext. painless: full set teeth $7.
1 PARIS Dental Parlors. 255 Kearny. cor. Bush—
1 Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
[ I ¦
, VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Bixth.
¦ SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
• OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings nn^ Snndavs. *M> Market-
DOG HOSPITALS.
! DR, CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
£10 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
; DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
1 Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 60; all
. anlmnlr treated: dors hnarded. Tel. West CT».
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
' PLAIN skirts made, $1 50; binding on skirts,
35c. 710 Franklin St., near Golden Gate aye.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
; French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 10* Post.
I PARISIAN dressmaking. 287 Geary St.: dresses
' made. $5 up: dresses made over: perfect fit.
' ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Inc. ninkinr. 121 Post, over O'Con-ior *Mflffat.
. EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Po«t St.. 8? F —
' Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
; typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. : r.ew 80-page catalogue free.
' A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL; COMMERCIAL.
WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY
j Arranged In department*: pay only for what
you get. Call or address ?19 Market st.
: BOOKKEEPING as it Is done; superior post-
graduate course: rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flodfl building.
' ALL students but two taking full course
1 this year got positrons. SAN FRANCISCO
BCSINNESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
; AYRES'. leading business college. 723 Market:
! Individual Instruction: bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship, $50; catalogue,
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. Bur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch. : day, eve. : est. 1864.
r VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
' SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher.
. best system." M. G. HARKETT.3C2 Montgmy.
FRENCH. Spanish. etc. .Prof.De Fllippe's Academy
of lanjruases.32o Post;estab'«l 1871: ablest profs.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroußhly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mission: violin, guitar.
'. ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
enpro«slnK: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
. ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
: etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
. PIANO, bRnJo. mandolin; reasonable terms;
ihrrnrrh Instruction. Stnrtln. 40r, fJeßrv. r. 47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos gplace, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fire years.
421 Post rt.: telephone Bush 135.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese. 416 Powell, near Butter: tel. Black 5075.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; country preferred; references. MISS
CULLEN/ 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation; beat
city references; city or country; also Swedish
cook: best of references: city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— Situation by a middle-aged woman
to do general housework; la a good cook; city
or country. 10 Btockton place, between Post
and Sutter sts. ___^__^^^__________
YOUNG lady having practical experience as
bookkeeper and typewriter desires work of
any kind in a business house; references; city
\ or country. Box 3426, Call.
1 RESPONSIBLE lady stenographer and type-
1 writer wants position; reasonable salary. Box
1 8420, Call office^ ' '-v.:-' :: .
GERMAN girl wants place at general house-
i work and cooking; German or American fam-
[ lly; wages $25. Address 146 Juniper st.
1 YOUNG woman wants work by the day; $1;
no washing. Inquire. 78 Third st. :.¦-.
• SITUATION wanted by experienced waitress.
1 Call 773H Folaom St. .
; EXPERIENCED cook wants situation In hotel,
; boarding-house or summer resort. 615 Ash aye.
" WANTED— To teach pupils piano; competent;
10 years' experience; $1 50 month; special at-
. tention to adults and beginners; home morn-
ings only. t-S9 O'Farrell st.
1 YOUNG lady with high school credentials
wishes position as governess to teach Eng-
lish branches, art and music; city or country;
; references. Box 1047. Call. " ' "- ~ "
. GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
I Encllsh, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union st
YOUNG woman for general housework r and
5 plain cooking: good reference. 113 Wildey St.,
between Bush and Pine. . '-¦ - - ¦
. WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; .00 rooms; 26c tn $1 60 night: $1 60 to $6
vntek. convenient and respectable: free 'bus
end baggage to and from ferry.
. CLASSIFIED ndvertlsements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch otflce. 2200 Flllmore.
» A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
- tleements and subscriptions has been opened
' at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. tn.
[ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 V_-
' lencla st. ¦-*•.. -
- EMPLOYMENT WANTEiD-^LAJLJE^
1 MAN wishes position as Janitor or. coachman
¦ for a Protestant private place; also handy
around the house and garden; good hand with
', horses and very handy with tools; has good
reference; Is steady, . honest,' Industrious and
willing. WILLIAM WILLIAMS. 704V4 Mls-
'. • slon st. ...
! FARMER and wife (with family) desire em-
ployment on ranch: 15 years Missouri, Texas,
- Iowa: -3 years California:" reference: perma-
nent employment on coast desired. Box 2423,
Call. - ---;.- ; ¦;
EMPLO YM_NT WANTED— MALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED carpenter of experience, can
repalr»furnlture, varnish and paint, .wishes a
position in the country; small wages expect-
ed. Address. box 8320, Call office.
MAN and wife want situations; man willing
. to do any kind of work; woman as chamber-
maid or housekeeper. Box 3413, Call office.
DRY goods and general— Wanted, a position In
good country town or river town. Box 3424,
Call.
MAN wishes position as teamster, porter or
watchman, or any kind of work. Address
A. E., 1235 Market St., room 6.
JAPANESE cook wants situation tn family;
has had long experience. Address T. IC, box
8328. Call office^
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-claas baker.
Address box 3422, Call office.
YOUNG man would like to be instructed in
home-made candymaking. Box 3411. Call.
GENTLEMAN. IS. exceptional ability and ref-
erences, lots of energy, plenty nerve and per-
Bervcrance, large advertising and 'general
business experience, original Ideas, thorough
knowledge of : German, Russian and partly
French, desires paying position. Box 3013,
Coll office.
GARDENER, middle-aged man, wants situa-
tion on private place; good references. B.
GARDENER. P. O. box 382, San Rafael, Ma-
rln County. CaL ¦
DRAUGHTING; by young man, some experi-
ence: familiar with mining machinery; pay
nominal. Address box 3500. Call office. :
COACHMAN, English: steady, Industrious
man; well recommended; wants situation*
city or country. Box 3405, Call office.
YOUNG man. 24. seeks situation: can look
after horse If necessary. GEORGE CLARKE.
765 Harrison St.
BARBER wants Job; city or country; under-
standa his business. Box 3403, Call office.
EXPERIENCED butter-maker wisheß position;
creamery; city. Address box 3033. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions"
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
st 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109* Va-
lencia st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071V4 Market ut. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
2526 CALIFORNIA— Sunny flat; 4 rooms and
bath; rent $18; also 6-room cottage; rent $13.
Apply 2524 California st.
IK you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWKLL. IC Montgomery.
NICE sunny modern flat, 6 rooms and bath.
971 Golden Gate aye.; rent $25.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third aye., corner Clement;
take Sutro car.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— By responsible party, small very
sunny modern flat: rent must be reasonable.
Address 120 Sutter St., room 23.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-U3l Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
• .
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 11S5 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays
the highest price for your 2d-hn.nd furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
HELP WANTED-FEMALE.
C. R HANSEN & CO ™.PHONi GRANT 185
.-.: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Sacramento, $25; 2 waitresses,
Fresno, $25 and $20, free fare; waitress,
Healdsburg, $20; 2 waitresses, Keswlck (arm
work), $20, free fare; waitress, Lathrop, $20;
waitress, ' Redwood City, $20; chambermaid,
$15- 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook, $50; pastry cook. $40; nurse, institution,
*!?... I. FAMILY ORDERS
Houseglrl. for city, to take- charge for a
while, $15; houseglrl for ranch. $20: housegirl.
Piedmont, $20; 6 German cooks. $25 and $30;
20 housegirls. city, $15, $30, and numerous
. othera. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
PANTRY woman for restaurant work, $25. C
R. HANSEN. & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED — 3 hotel cooks, $30; mother and
daughter, $30: cook, $35, no wash; 4 cooks,
plain wash, $25. $30; second girl, $25; see lady
In office to-day: 4 second girls, $20, $25; 7
cooks, German style, $25, $30; 10 hotel wait-
resses $20, city and country, fare paid ; 2 pan-
try girls, $15. $20; nunseKirl, $20: laundress
and chambermaid. $25, see party here; 4 Iron-
ers. $9 a week, $25, $30. city and country; 7
restaurant waitresses, $6, $7, $25; 4 chamber-
maids and waitresses. $15, $20; 75 house girls,
$20, $25, city and country- J- F. CROSETT,
716 # Sutter Et.
WANTED - ...........
Neat respectable girl for housework In pri-
vate family in city; no cooktnz: $15 per
month and good home; no office fee charged.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
2 COOKS $35 and $30; 6 second girls, $25 and
$20; second girl, Berkeley. $25; hotel cook, $25;
boarding-house cook, $30; chambermaid, hotel,
$20: waitress. $20; nurse, $23; cook, country,
$25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
25 GIRLS: general housework; $15 to $30.
4 milliners, 1 head milliner, 2 second. 1
maker; $10 to $60.
2 nurse girls; $10 to $15.
Room 202. 927 Market at.
WANTED ."V";"
Girl for housework: no cooking expected; for
private family: .$l5 per month. Apply 1215
Bush st. j
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girl; gen-
eral housekeeping and plain cooking; /amlly
2 adults, 2 children; references. Apply 1501
Larkln st.. 1 to 4 p. m.
BRIGHT active woman to help in delicatessen
store; must be 'willing worker; $16 month,
board and room. 619 Larkln st.
LADY of pleasant appearance, without lncum-
brance, as bookkeeper and manager of coffee
house. Address box 3409. Call.
EXPERIENCED hand on ladles' underskirts;
to work In factory: power, A. AARON, 573
Mission 6t. - "-'
WANTED— First-class cook; must have city
references. Call 2121 Pacific aye., to-day
frcm 1 to 4. _- |
WANTED— Young girl for general housework
and plain cooking. Apply from 9 to 11; wages
$15. 2414 Flllmore st. ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists.
HOFFMAN & STEINHART. 230 Sutter st.
GIRL or woman: general housework: $15 to $20;
no washing; references. 1307 Vermont st.
FINISHERS on custom coats. 40 • EUls St..
room 62. ¦ •
GIRL for cooking and general housework. 2023
Sacramento St.; call between 8 and 12.
APPRENTICE to learn custom vestmaklng.
26 Elgin Park, bet. Hermann and Thirteenth.
GIRL for light housework. 1389 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG German girl to assist .in general house-
work; wages $18. Apply 447 Ninth St.
WANTED— German woman for general house-
work. 2176 Fifteenth st.
GIRL to do light housework; sleep at home.
1329 Lacuna st. ¦ ' ¦ ¦.
GERMAN girl for upstairs work and waiting
at table. 662 Fulton St., near Buchanan. .
J FINISHERS wanted: steady work and good
wages. 86414 Howard st. ¦ -
TWO starch Ironers wanted. Apply 829 Sut-
ter st. ¦ -
WANTED— First-class restaurant waitress. 619
Montgomery st. -..
GOOD sewer wanted for dressmaking. 1423
Polk st. . -? : ' -
WANTED— Lunch waitress at 765 Market St.,
between Third and Fourth.
PROTESTANT woman for general housework.
Apply before 11 o'clock at 579 Harrison st. :
YOUNG ! girl to assist in light housework. 50
Rltch st. ,
WOMAN to assist In kitchen. 8 Polk st.
GIRL to learn pantsmaklng; good sewer; paid
while 'learning. 273 Minna st. '
WANTED— -Finisher and apprentice on vests.
BV4 Antonio, off 'Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Far-
rell. ' ¦ ¦¦ . • " -
GIRL tn help In store; $2 60 to begin. Apply
206 Fifth st.
DRESSMAKER wanted by the day. 128 Russ
¦ street. •.
GIRL for general housework; good wagea;
small family. Sl6 Fell st.
COMPETENT nurseglrl for child 8* months
old; references. 2197 Devisadero st., near Clay.
EXPERIENCED respectable girl for general
housework; good wages. Apply 1627 Oak st, .
GOOD alteration hands on suits and Jackets at
E. MESSAGER. 145 Post st/
HELP WAXTED-PEMALE.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
ETRAUSS A CO.. S6H Fremont St.; elevator.
"" ' "" ""
APPRENTICES for tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market st. -
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresstng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay at. ' .. - ¦
WANTED— A first-class hairdresser at COS-
GROVE'S. 1416 Polk at.
APPRENTICES on pants; paid while learning.
110 William St.. off Geary, near Taylor.
TWO first-class finishers on custom-made coats:
good wages. J. C. COHN & CO.. 775 Market.
GIRL wanted for boarding-house. 11 Clay st.
SIX talloresses on custom coats. ' Room 36,
Donohoe bujldlng. 1170 Market st.
COOK for private boardlng-housa. MRS.
BOYLE, cor. Park aye. and Hollls st., Oak-
land.
LADY canvassers wanted for soap factory.
Apply at residence 1411 Harrison st.
FINISHERS on custom coats; steady work.
304 Tehama «t.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
EXPERIENCED girl wanted for bindery.
MYSELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2229 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception. of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 122$ Polk St.; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscription* has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
help Wanted— male.
at c. r. hansen & c 0.'5....104 geary st.
100 teamsters, laborers and rock men for rail-
road work, $1 75 and $2 a day, free fare: 20
men for fence building, railroad work, $2 a
day. free fare
30 miners and machine men, $2 50 and $3
a day; 2 black powder men, $2 50 a day;
furnaceman for mine, $2 50 a day: fireman
for mine, $1 75 a day; 6 farmers, $25 and $26;
20 laborers for the woods; woodchoppers and
tlemakers; 3 milkers, $25 and $30
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fry cook, $«0; broiler, $60; fry cook, $50; sec-
ond cook. $50; second cook, $35 to $40; third
cook, $30; second cook, mine boarding house.
$40; kitchen hand, country hotel. $30; bakers'
helper, country hotel, $30; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands. $20, $25 and $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN &CO^IO4GearyBt.
NURSE for on Institution. $30 and found. C.
R. HANSEN fc CO.. 104 Geary St.
SECOND cook for hotel In Hawaiian Islands.
$50 and fare, see party here. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY 7 A. M
Gold Silver andvCoal Miners
miners. Placer County $J5
25 miners single and double hand — $60 to $30
15 pick and shovel men for. the mines, no ex-
perience necessary $34 and found
10 coal buckers »«< J™
12 laborers, fare, 25c $45 50
26 laborers, city work.. s3o and fd and $1 "o day
men or strong boys to pull rhubarb $17 50
men of strong boys for hop fields $30
stableman, vineyard and winery company...
$25 and found
nursery gardener; private family gardeners;
32 farmers, orchard and vineyard hands
$20 and $25
co'mil'kers for all parts of Ca1. .525 and $30 & fd
choreman and milker, institution $30 and fd
butter makers, choremen and b0y5. ...515 to $25
£6 laborers for the sawmills and woods.
.'.526 and found
woodchoppers and tlemakers can make good
wages. MECHANICAL HELP.
Turner and band sawyer, country Job; 10
blacksmiths and helpers, country. $30 to $50:
band sawyer, $4 day; carriage trimmer, $3
day; blacksmith, country shop, see boss here;
blacksmith, city shop, also helper; teamsters,
also scraper teamsters... s2s and $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL Restaurant department, etc
cook neat, bakery and cafe.... sso and found
23 cooks other places, city and country: 10
ranch cooks, different parts country; young
man for. bakery, $15 and found; boy for bak-
ery. $4 week and board
barber, country shop; waiters, city and coun-
try: second cook for lunch place, $7 week;
dishwasher, city and country. MURRAY &
READY. f34 and 636 Clay st. i
WANTED— Foreman for small fruit ranch; !
machinist for country; 3 burleigh drill miners
and tlmbermen, $3 day; 3 single-hand miners,
$2 70 day: blacksmith for sawmill. $65; black-
smith and woodworker. $10 and board; 4 men
and wives. $40 and $50; 10 milkers, $25 and $30;
2 machine men on sash and doors; 2 laundry-
men, $40 and found; 3 slackwork coopers, $30
and board; laborers, woodsmen, woodchop-
pers and many others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, C2B Sacramento st.
WANTED— Broiler. $55; second cook and baker,
nice restaurant. $12 week; fry cook, $30; cook,
country boarding-house, $40; second cook,
city, $40; night cook. $10; second cook, $6
week and found; waiters. $33, $30. $28; dish-
washers. $25, $20, $18; bell boy, nights and run
elevator, $10 month and found: other hotel
and restaurant work. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st. '
MAN and wife to take one-half Interest In one
of the best hotel propositions on this coast; ]
must have some knowledge of hotel business ;
and up to date: no capital required. Call for .
manager, 527 Market St., room 202.
WANTED — Three men of neat appearance for
permanent situations; apply 405 Montgomery
st., room 4, between 8 and 9 a. m., Wednes-
day and Thursday. W. A. BEEBE.
WANTED— Steady, sober man for light work;
8 hours per day; will pay $16 per week to
right party; small capital required. Apply
1016 Market St.. room 10.
GOOD barber wanted Immediately: steady posi-
tion. Apply GEO. DRAGHICEVICH, Santa
Clara, Cal.
WANTED— Young man to go whaling: wages:
no experience required. LEVY. Battery and
Jackson sts. ' •
MAN for outside work at summer resort; un-
derstands use of tools. Inquire 1532 Pacific
aye.. Alameda.
FIRST-CLASS tailor on ladles' coats and
waists; good wages to right party; come
ready for work. 462% 13th st., Oakland.
BRICKMAKER wanted; competent man to go
to the country and burn large 'kiln of brick;
give references. Box 3327, Call office.
WANTED— An experienced man to mount
stoves: must understand repairs. Box 3329,
Call office.
BARBERS— 2-Chalr shop, with baths: in nearby
country town. DECKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellis tt. ••-
BARBERS— Good 6-chalr 10c shop and baths:
a bargain; must be sold. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis at.
YOUNG man to work In nursery; also a man
for cooking. Inquire Pacific Nursery, corner
Baker ' and Lombard sts.
COATMAKERS for the country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Butter st.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 1125 Stockton st.
BARBERS— 4 Chairs; 15c shop: 4 living rooms;
bargain. DECKELMAN. 106 EUls st.
GOOD steady and sober cake baker. 836 Valen-
cla st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
• ment. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
PRESSERS wanted on ladles' suits. Apply L.
HORVITZ. 751 Market st. -
HANDS for sash and doors. King Planing
' Mill. King St., near Third.
WANTED— General tailor; must be a good coat
maker. 609 Valencia st.
TAILORESS wanted to work on custom pants.
423 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 509 Kearny St., room 2.
GOOD barber wanted for evenings and Satur-
day and Sunday. 375 Fifth st.
WANTED— Good advertising solicitor to work
on commission. Apply 418 Sutter St., room 15.
WANTED— Good broiler. Richard's restau-
rant. 317 Fourth st. . y.
ERRAND boy wanted. Onu Price Tailoring
Co.. K44 Market st. . .
2 FIRST-CLASS waiters. 70 Third Bt.^
GOOD barber wanted; steady; no students. 167
Ninth st.
WANTED— Man to attend to lunch and clean
- up saloon;' sB a week. Box 3425. Coll.
BRIGHT boy to work In tailor store. 635
Kearny * st. . . ¦
BANJO player wanted. S.E. corner of Green-
wich, and Lyon sts., "The Canteen."
WANTED — First-class ' engraver on Jewelry;
no others- need apply;: steady position? for
right man. . Address box 3402, Call office. "
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet, ,Ist and 2d , sts.
SOLICITOR for merchant tailor; experience
; not ; necessary. : 1215 Market st. :
WANTED— TaiIor ; i also pressman on coats.
135 Natoma st., near New Montgomery.
WANTED— Barber who can also assist in tend-
ing bar. - Call at once at 1551 Broadway,
HELP WANTED— MALE.
3 milkers 'for' flrst^ciais' piaces, nea s. cl "T' *£
and $30 per month and board: good steady
places
Stableman for nice stable In city, $3 per
month and found
An elderly man to cook for it few men on a
small ranch, near city. $15 to $20
" Stableman on ranch, near city. $25 per month
and board, steady Job •
Ranch teamster, near city, first-class steady
Job. 4 horses, $25 and board
3 form hands for first-class vineyard com-
pany. $1 15 per day and board, short hours....
6 haying hands for San Mateo County. $26 and
board
2 wheelwrights for country shops, near city,
going wages :
t miners for srold mine, $3 70 per day. see
party at our office
Machine driller for gold mine, $3 per day....
2 men to run mower and self-binder on large
ranch, dear city, 8 months' Job at $30 and
board
Notice— We guarantee every position as ad-
vertised and will refund office fee and fare
both ways to any one not offered work where
we send them. No other employment agency
in the United States gives this guarantee.
Call and see us before going to unreliable
offices
W. D. EWER & CO..
810 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. 8. navy; able,- bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
ages of 11 and $5 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over ( feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read, writ*
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal. or
ltd X St.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class: special inducements this season; only
Institution tn the world teaching this trade;
map of city and Illustrated catalogue moiled
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
SALESMAN for hardware In San Francisco
and surrounding towns; permanent position
to energetic party; esperience not necessary.
Addre»s with stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co.. 16 Wick block. CTeveland. Ohio.
BOY to run errands and help in bakery. 1410
Polk st.
BEST located barber shop In city; your own
price. W. J. P.. 22 Langton at.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BOY. 14 to 16; make himself generally useful
in factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
MEN and women to learn barber, halt-dressing
and manicuring trade; catalogue mailed. S.
F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 1«
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 250 night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 2S Steuart st.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night. 75c to $2 per week.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
527 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WANTED— To buy 6 good saddle horses at
once. Bring horses to Riding Academy. 113
Ellis st. ;
A FRESH carload of horses, all solid colors.
Just from the Canty ranch. ISS Valencia St.;
also a carload of broodmares, with foal.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's rood horse and bike
buggy. DALZIEL. Vet. Dentist. 60S O. G. ay.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Switzef •
• Ho— 'c MnrVet. Twelfth nnd Market sts.
HOUSES— LODGING FOR SALE.
IS-ROOM house near the Call office; fine paying
house: clears $100 per month; price $350.
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
26-ROOM house on Market St.; clears $100;
price $700. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— 44-ROOM corner: electric elevator $3900
30 rooms; restaurant and bar; In Stockton 750
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash — 22C0
8- room flat: new; elegant - 550
18 rooms: on one floor; near Call office..., 550
37 rooms; on Howard st_; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200 BDO
10 rooms: on Mason st. ; payments 450
30 rooms; on Kearny st. ; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market st.; payments ISOff
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
....R. H.~WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st
18 rooms; rent $50; part cash: central $900
23 too—ib; near Market st. ; payments 730
26 rooms; rent $50: must' sell; see 1t...' 600
55 rooms; $$0O cash, balance time 1750
WE guarantee full value for your money; we
have houses to suit you: many bargains:
money loaned buyers. SCHWEINHARD &
CO.. 917 Market St.. ophite Mason.
$575— ELEOANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms,
bath, laundry: nice yard: permanent roomers:
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT of 6 rooms, furnished: all full: must be
sold; rent reasonable. 212V4 Sixth st.: a bar-
gain. _^ —
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st.; new cash buyer dally.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. sells lodging
houses, businesses, city, country real estate.
WANTED— To rent boardlnp-hou«e: centrally
located; not less than 12 boarders; not less
than 10 rooms. Box 3325. Call office.
8-ROOM house; nicely furnished; always filled;
rent $16; cntl.; reas.; no agtß. Box 3097. Call.
CHANCE— II-room house; 2 baths: 3 patent
closets: lot 20x63:2: rent $30. Apply bakery.
Broadway and Leavenworth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and best hi America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for SI per year.
HOUSES— -LODGING-— To Let.
CENTRALLY located sunny corner; 75 rooms;
suitable for lodging or apartment house.
MADISON & BURKE.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
AT 2S Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 5-room house; laundry, yard, cellar;
water free; perfect repair; $13: investigate.
A HOUSE: 6 rooms: in rear; rent very reaaon-
able. Apply 563 Ellis st.
HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath: large yard; rent
$14. 3215 Nineteenth st., near Folsom.
SUNNY 10-room house, 1522 Pacific aye., near
Franklin st SPECK & CO. '
TO LET— Two-story. Bunny house. 9 rooms and
bath. 1209. Jackson st.. near Jones.
$S— HOUSE to let In rear of 225 Ninth st.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
FOR sale— Centrally and desirably located, an
8-room house, elegantly furnished. Including
piano; the furniture Is nearly new and very
fine. Address box 3021. Call office. ¦
LOST AND FOUND.
LEFT tn telephone room at Sausaltto ferry on
Sunday afternoon, about 6:30 o'clock, a black
feather boa. Please return to R. D. Quln-
lan. White House, and receive reward.
LOST— Oxidized silver watch and gold chain,
on Polk* St.. bet. California and Jackson.
Saturday. April 7. Return to 2501 Scott st.
and receive reward.
CAME to my premises, young fawn-colored
greyhound. Owner can have same by paying
expenses. 158 Hickory aye.
LOST— Plan, on fine paper; send postal card;
reward. 2291 Sacramento st. |
LOST- Lady's purse, black; containing three
$100 drafts and $20 gold piece. If finder
return drafts to MR. TOM COONEY. at
Russ House, no questions asked.
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CON ANT* S Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies the blood; ¦ destroys disease germs; pro-
tects: cures: revitalizes; saves life and doctor
bills; outfits for Bale: agents wanted; send for
booklet. ANIDROSIS. 47 Post St.. S. T.. C«X
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, tie well-known ladles* physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned frcm
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure In on*
day; 15 years" successful practice In S. F. :
maternity home; low fees. 1007*4 Market st.
DR G. W. CDONNELL. the world-renown mi
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands o£
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Writ* or call at ICI3H Market st
DR NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office house. 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
I to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5; safe and re-
liable- consultation free. 1122 Market st. bet«
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m,
MRS DR WYETH. reliable specialist; horn*
in cenflriement: guaranteed treatmeat at of-
fice $3- any ailment; consultation free. 943
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladles' spectal-
Ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $3: saf*
acd reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to i.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1223 Market; ladies'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. $3.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
St.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 1M Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment U.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
In confinement. Isl> Golden Gate ava.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dl»-
eases of the human body. US Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. M»-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 198-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mlssloa
st.. above Sixth.
FOR sale— A furniture and piano moving busi-
ness, all complete; wagon and team ana
everything pertaining to the business. Call
at 9 Eighth St.. between 10 a. m. and 5 p. m.
LOOK at that beautiful two-stone- diamond and
turquoise gipsy ring for $to. worta $35. at
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
GASOLINE launch. 32 ft. long. 6H ft. beam. 3
H. P. engine, in good order, with cabin. $373.
G. W. WOODS. S. F. Q. P. O v
A BARGAIN— Soda water machine; two founj
tains and generator; never been used. 11l
Hyde s^
TENT for sale: 10x12; good as new. Call aft
719H Howard St.. upstairs.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and soldi
National and Hallwood. 1309 Mission, nr. 9th.
FOR sale— 2o-horsepower horizontal slide- yaW«
engine. Inquire- Russ Hcmse.
SURVEYOR'S transit: cheap. Address boa
3096. Call. j
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
FULL drese. Tuxedo, other suits 1 . Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton; phone Black 1201: postaJ.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Poo-
nlar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced ta
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIQALLTI.
933 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 13th.
FOR sale— Drawing board. 16x43; prtntln*
frame with glass. 33x42. 135 Douglass st.
A FINE salt $10; dress pants $3 73. MlsSt
Clothing Parlors. 437 Montgomery; st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma-
chlnery. Mclntosh & Walpman. 135 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers; lathes: 2d-h»nd. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
8 H. P. STEAM hoist and boiler In perfect
order: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
NEW and -•cond-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments; cheap. 145 Sixth st
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale anl fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 21S California st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTS SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker: 1 planer and matcher: X
air mnnri"<«nr: 5 Inmrr intt v»».« 2?ft Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS.
WANTED— Coyote skins and other furs; prices
have advanced; ship to us at once If you
want highest market prices. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. dealers in hides and furs.
3S Clay St.. San Francisco. CaL
WANTED— OId fast-flying pigeons; no squabs.
For terms an>l shipping directions apply to
Fan Francisco Trap Shooting Associaticn. 228
Market st.. room 6.
TO buy a Weston portable volmeter and am-
meter and other measuring Instruments. Ad-
dress, stating prices. N. W.. 104 Hoffman aye.
FULL dress. Tuxedo and other suits. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Black
1201: postal.
¦WANTED — Second-hand surveyor's transit. Im-
mediately. E. G. FISCHER. 1230 Sanchez st.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano tor
cash. H. L. WHTTTCrT^AD. 17H> Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; • per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. O. EC
OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro*
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. H. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obt— la
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 M_ rk««
«t.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; nn removal: any amounts
lowest ratjs. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
Watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixths
highest price for old gold, stiver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 12S Kearny st.. room 9, respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowese
rates; take etevator. Tel. Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
•err ice: money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
63 and (9. Donohue building. 1170 Market st.
' LOANS made on furniture at 1V« per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; S^i;
no removal: no commission. 6 Eddy st.. r. s_
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
ether collateral. D McRAE. 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN' B Salary Loan Co., $68 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. (09 Examiner building.
$50 TO $a>.OCO: lowest rat-s; Ist and 2d mortgs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK. US McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and' you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men. without collateral or tndorver;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fr»»-
clscn Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
SRSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago is KOHLER tt CHASE" 3.
7«. 23 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of alt grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to pleaae and satisfy tn*
customer.
KNAUE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
A LIST OF MONET SAVERS.
Samples from factory which ar* out of one
regular line: such makes as Weber. Hardman.
Ccnover. Behr. Everett and Kingsbury- prices
from $150 to $200 less than regular price. Also
8 slightly used pianos from $137 up: easy pay-
ments. See us this week if you want & anon.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
WE know that we give the best goods for th»
least money; call on us and see our Decker
Packard or Boothe pianos. MAUVAIS, 78»
WE have Just what you want in the way of &
?i? n S : ,,, PP i rt .f es . and term " t0 " ult - MAUVAIS.
F ic"S"Rß'"p^ r iMo S v elaw^ y «P rt 2 llt : sacrificed.
KEEFFE S. 1013 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary »t.
FINE large upright piano sold for storage- $100
cash. WILSON' 3 STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A 7^^ SO a tr^ a^, 4S np to * M 0: no higher: easy
terms. 8. F. Music Co.. 225 Sntter at.
tvenlng. Uelne Piano Mfr. Co.. _8 gm- ¦£
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 1900.
10EATLBOAD TBAVEL.
IJoaTiTPAC!FicnGOASTI.AILROAD.
Via Sausalito F«rry.
Comm*nolng October 1. ISM.
rROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLSI
A.YD SAN RAFAEL.
- -WEEK DATS— *7:OO. •»:». UM a. m.: itO,
•J:407o:lS. «:00. t:tO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vallay aad Saa Ra.
tael. on Mondays, Wednesdays aad Saturdays,'
at 9:00 and 11:19 am.
6CT.'DAT&-*«:0O. lOrfO. «U:M a. m.; 1-J\
«;IS. U-.a. t:». 9:00 i». m. ~ r -^'
Trains marked <*) run to Ban Queotla.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TCKSAN FRANCIK3O.
WEEK DAYS-3:23. •«:».- 7:45. *i:i» a. ra.|
•U:M. 2:15. *S:4O. »3:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays as 4
Saturdays at t:4O and 10:15 p. m.
Sundays-*:*?. •»:<». i»:M. ni:4s «. «,,
n:4O. "SOS. 4:45, •«:» o. m. .
Trains marked <*> start from Saa Queatta.
•ROM MILL VALLETY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATB-6:«. •:4S. 7:55. 9:43 a. n-l
M:SS. 2:IS. 5:45. 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Weda«adays aad
Saturdays at 7:CO and 13:10 o. m.
6UNDAYS-S:O6. 10^6 a. m.: 11:«5. 1:13. »J^
IM. I:4S p. m. • - ...
THROTJOH TRAIXS.
140 a. m. week days— Caxadero and was- stattooa.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations,
f^a a. o. BRa&urrrTocaiss.. and^wu' atauocj.
Mt'SICAL IXSTRCMEVTS.
AV.TZ y~a In need rf a piano? We have a larg»
aasortttcst cf aew and sec?n£-ha~d pianos ct
t:.-' best rr.aiters: s«old fcr cash or very easy
jrarjEerts: '.: down aad $6 ycr raonth for aa
rtAcasX new uprijht; seme csod pianos for
12, $4 asd $3 per DOSflt EIIEI'-MAN. CLAY
*. CO.. trsinvray dealers, corner Sutter and
Kearny et*.. Han Frr.r.csica; corner Thlrteenta
arid Droadv.ay. Oakland.
A I^vr.SE number cf pianos yet remain cf the
Hstmntori-Bar.crolt ttcck: Stclaway concert
ertneir. Cfc'.rkerir.s, KaHett & Davis, ElllEg-
• ; etc.; s<;uar?s. $^ up: uprights. 150 up:
l-axjf j. sfc up; cultars. $1 up: mandolins. $2
¦.- I>. Byron M.-.-r Piaro V/areroutn*. SC?-313
iVFt tt., cols uc-T.t Sohmer i.n<l rsyrun Mau2/
I .a ncs.
A BEAUTIFUL uprisht fiar:o: mast be cold
!TT.rr.fil:aiely; see St fceiore jurchaiing. Rocm
::. Flood bulldlhj.
CUT <.r.e cf cur bfcatif-jl Oiyrr.pia eelf-playing
¦ tjs'.c boxes cc installments if you cant epare
the emgh. MAUVAIS. 7S» Market tt.
1 ON'V tuy: r»nt a new p:ar.o. $3 per month.
SCOTT-CrRTAZ PIANO CO.. &S0 Hayes st
TT. <". PAI>GER. <12 Facra~^r.t3 n.. agent for
"rarvrls Cac:n r.:^ llaXrtt .t- Ilttl- pianos.
L'^ii u;>r:sf.t r-is"-); rearly u«;w; cheap.
H'.P.NTNGg. Ztt M-Alilstgr rt. '
SAROJttSC^Goad s-prlsht: rh-=r>. SCHMITZ.
It McA'.'.is-er «t. nrrt Hibernla Bank.
fcL'HKRJOn virlir.s. rlthers. eld and new. H.
KTT.!.':"., maker, rerair**-. ? L.*'haT< t>T»<*».
"OTFICES AM." STORES TO LET.
FTORkTJTT«— Fifth *t. near Falscm. Inquire
«.t Z2Z Fifth tt. « /
?OR rect— E'.e^ast crflces ia Y. M. C A.
r^::cirg. 3Jafc"n sr.d EIl:s sts.
PALMISTRY.
WATSON, the "only" natural palmist and
t~. ?.:¦.: rr.; fell readings. 2Sc. 15il Market st
iSXE. Ncerga?rd. Pr*s. St. Ger=a!= Ccileg* cf
r ?!?r'.*trv: rrai* 1 tc S. CIS Geary, r.r. Jon«».
PERSONALS.
rrrTin fTriTrr i« r.ct c lcJy; he Is a photog-
r ;r. Oiiciacd.
iiKS. DR. L. BURGER, late natron cf Ger-
Raa Hcstltil. N. V.. specialist fcr bladder.
kiiney, skin diseases and cancer. cTCce ICS
Fourth ft A testlmsnia!: XVzz.. Osterhcid. Saa
Mateo Orphan Asylum, says: I had cancer ca
rr.y !eft leg. I rras treated by Mrs. Burger.
Xl Fourth et. aad certify that I waj cured
la a chert time. Wm. Osterhc'.d. San Mateo.
MME. ADA cures rheus-.atlsra. headaches. n»u-
iclc'.a; all rain leave; like rr.ijic from her
wcnderfoUy gifted har.ds. 13C Howard st.
LEU'ERHR'S Quictcnlca hairtor.ic preserves aad
hpaut:£es the hair: Jsc bet ; Foamo Shampoo,
It tWc. G. LEPEREB, 123 Stockton gt.
J'IIIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years" cxperier.ee. J. B. RAY. 857 Jessie st
tO-IN. Switches for $2; this at Lcderer's; every
rOEtcjr.er receives a pksr. cf fine El Perfects
Rou^e free: hairdresslr^ ".he very lateet, 25c.
«.. LEIJERER. :2 Stccktoa st
CAST-OFF cljth'rst. old po'.d and sliver bought;
s«r.J portal. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny st
>.N elegant suit Icr $10 75 from imported or do-
Rteatic remnants. L. LEMO3, 1117 Market at.
betm-eer: Seventh and Eighth.
fc'UITS en easy installments frcrn fcspcrted cr
coc-.«=tie remnants. One Price Tailoring Co..
£J2 Kearny «t, between Sacraaesto and Cali-
fornia.
"WANTED— OId ir-Id fcr mar.urg. O. NOLTE.
;ewe!er. ;«« O'Farre:!. bet Powell and llason.
FINE taUcrlng. dyei-g. cleaning and repairing;
quits rr.ade to order; gt guar. 2 Eighth st.
C. D. MORSE, photographer. 26C« Paciflc aye..
bftaeen Pierce aad Scott; phos« Stelner SC3L
CTAMMERING corrected: booklet J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 131S Linden st. Oakland.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tained by using Talcotfa Curling Fluid; 23
cect« bettle.
ELECTRIC '.ishts in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market: 100 rooms:
Cc to $150 per eight; $150 to t per week;
Tree 'bus ar.d baggage to ar.d from the ferry.
3F r«D wish fu'l \-alue for your cast-oS cloth--
l-g rail en B. Cccea. IE7 Third: teL Black 4123.
LAIMES' er.-i rer.ts' cast-oS clothing bought and
¦OM. Sllver=-.an. SS4 Fclsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
ALASKA fur rarments. hoods, nittts. leather
ccats H M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sansom« st.
A WEEKS tew* for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
" c r«ir«»« *r wrarr^r. for tnslllnr $1 r*' rear.
PHVSICIA>S AXD SIRGEO.VS.
DR. C. a O-DONXELL— OffIce and residence.
J'C:"^ Market rt. b»t. Sixth ar.d Sever.th.
XtUAJ. SSTATE ii CITY" KOIt SALE.
r AI.DWIN & HOWELL.
ID MONTGOMERY ET.
CASTP.O VALLEY INVESTMENT.
$17.WXi — Ten flats and cottages; large lot 3
frcctases; rents $121; a enap; wIU trade for va-
Cast property.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27.500 — Padflc-ave. residence; elegant mod-
em re»iSence; 17 rocsis. 2 baths; all arrange- j
Ciects for an up-to-date heme; lot 57:6x122:*.
KTJXl — Octavia et. near Broadway; 2-story
residence cf fc roc=s and bath: lot 25x137:*; 1
recw S4S.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE i
SITES.
Hr.t:re block, bounded by Folsom St.. Treat j
E'f., Uth aad 14th st-. being offered in sabdi- !
fclaJonaj; call at ofSce and g-et diagram; $1200
E=d upward.
A FTXE INVESTMENT.
M-»,W— Tfc!rri-st. ccmer; 137:6x137:«; store and
Cats; irood iirproveTnents; rents $2SO.
J4j,Gof« — Folsom-«t. corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontage?: rent* 1170; lot 100xS7 :S.
AN OFFER WANTED.
TZZZG — Rich rt. : £ Cats: rents $42 50: lot 22x$0.
JSfiCfl— Rent* SSS; Natcma rt. near Sixth; coal
raxtf aad 4 fiats abo\~e: lot ZixTZ.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
JTTjOO each— far in^r Jefferson Square on La-
r-na st; epecta.l offering cf several choice
r^ldence*; g-et a <! if gram and particulars at
C2M9— Nice ruburban hetr.e: 7-room eottaee,
i. hlrh basement; large lot IC<:«xl7S; near
'. . a road; windmill; fi*h pond; every fea- I
ture en country home, while being conredent
I
i:;.."»i — Pine rt., near Buchanan: good niod-
rrr. v'.id^act ; » rooaia and bath; up-to-date
r .Tni-.* < frn t - i electric Ugbtm; lot 23x137:«.
VACANT IXyTii.
S'.'«"»— Van N^** aye.; corner; I2:€xlOS.
tSUSt — Twenty-fourth st, nur Foisora; 37:<x
100.
A COTTAGn IN THE COUNTRY..
tSV»— Mill Valley cottage; o rojmi and bath;
rarUy fieished attic; Urge lot; wlli trad* for
City property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
19 Montgomery n.
c:;ly a mv left.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
GAS ANI> WATER SERVICE.
<^n very easy ravTcrnts; choice 1.-,ta In th»
tlock recently «uh<Jtvi!j«H!. bour.led by H and
I cts . Etgtsteaatii »s<3 Klateenta ayes..: right
en th» Park and the new Nlr>rt»enth-av». bou-
l«vard; n*»t cf the lots already sold; balance
bound -to t*U OtticUy; fine investments; good
buUdlas; lot*; ail ready; iot* on cfSrtal grade;
rnaca£as:lxed: plaak Eideweilts; • per cent ta-
CEE THE 'HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YCTHt
OffS TERMS.
If-rnay airaaced for building purposes: e'ec-
trie cars pai» the property; ««« this block at I
f.-'e: go t-j cur branch office to-day, cor. H st.
ftnd Ninth ate.; r<ric» lists, etc.. there or at our
efiice. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Mcntgomery et
tXUGANT n*w IVi-story cottage of 7 roosaa !a I
lZzc*:tlcr Hcmeitead. ca Lisbon st. near j
Cfclra aye.; part down, balance monthly pay-
**ects same ±* rent Particulars BALDWIN
«¦ KOWTELL. .
A- M-^PECK & CO: «7 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST.
irs.SOO— Do»-«9«d corner; modern 5-story brick i
fcuiidirs; cost over C3D.000; lot 140x135 |
ft; rents 515.C00 yearly. :
r"-«. < yj«V— Few blocks from Chronicle; pays C per j
cer.t r.et: lot Elxl2u ft.; 2 frontages; i
brick ittprovements. j
I7J.CoO— Ccrcer: half block from Market st,
vlciaity Hibercia Back.' 75 ft. front; i
rare i.Tvettmeat: rents £300.
: : .-*•— Near Marfcrt smd Ist ets.; Jot 28x34 rt:
4-ctory brick building; baiJf murtface
S43.9o&— Near Kramy St.; good brick Improve- I
meats; rests J2iao ncaualiy; 23 ft. front. ]
:; Mft—Lot SS 3xl2O ft: vicinity McAllister and
I-irkln ets : recto X2W.
PMOO— CUth »t; 75 ft froataee; bay-wladow
..,.„ t-:ifiing; rents JCOO. :
J.-2-s*~R^ta J1S0; marine view; 3 new flats.
HZ.O» Jf lath «. ; z% n. front; 2 stores aad
Cats; reats SICC3 yearly.' . . .
1.3, C00~ ,\ E. <-or. FrU and Masonic aye.; lot 2Sx
• I.: elegant residence. 18 rooms.
f-«:..: all modern conveniences; space
? «_ rr ° r a rtable; make offer.
PS •* S'" fiat»: rests tS4: lot 60x100 ft
...ms— « But* near €th tLB4 Mission; rents $3«5
? .„ * >"«ar: lot CCxTi.
3 fiats; rects ST2.
A - FFr - r^ * CO K7 MARKET ST.
«ae. Jxat abore FIII-
het V** Seventeenth and Elffht-
1 B l, •}?:• .Z t r . hJl ! -"n-hot;ee. PP.;t =.; suitable
or. leys. gHAnTiUUXK^jEii^s^^^n^ st _
§*&!*?? JS ia B££nttt c>tricTno"rth'o7
n A -k- th ," A'??,.* 1311 w mm * 11 fluickiy taea
call m W. 3. OT.NN. California st
km s Adilltlcri that you wl«h to dispca* ef
tten call ca W. 3. GUNN. ~& CiliarnU «.
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALE.
EASTON?" ELDIUDGE & ¦^-^---¦¦~-~ < - < ~~ v> ~~-
O Market Street.
TUESDAY, APRIL 17. 19C0.
At 12 o'clock, nocn.
At cur salesrocm. CSS Market et
JONES-ST. MANSION.
Ncrthwwt corner Lombard and Jones sts.. No.
900 Lombard St. ; large elegant residence
cf 12 rcoma and bath, attic basement,
laundry, etc.; flalihed throushout in
natural woods, Toya wood, oah walnut,
etc.; original cost $33,000: to te sold ab-
sclutc-iy to highest bidder o» :c JSS3O
mortgage, which can remain, if desired;
73:ex£S:» feet
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
North tide. No. 213S Washington st. near Web-
ster; large residence of 9 rooms and
bath; modern improvements; sunny eids
street; ";x?2 feet.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
West side. Ncs. 611 and 61l'~» Broderick st, near
Grove; 3 fine well built flats of «, €. 4
' rocms and bAth: rents $C 0 per month;
terms cash above bank indebtedness of
S3CCO; 23x130 feet
ELEGANT BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
West et&e. No. ISI7 Broderick St.. 129 south cf
California: new modern residence cf 9
rocms and bath; servants' room, laun-
dry, etc.; porcelain tubs; tile maztsls:
every modern Improvement; a fine key
lot. givln? light and sun in every room;
can arrange terms.
| NEW PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
j East side, Nos. 732-754 Clayton st,, near Wal-
ler: 2 new elegant modern fiats of 8.
7 roc ms and bath; beautiful and artistic
In every particular; all modern im-
provements; porcelain tubs: tile man-
tels; frescoed dome ceilings: light and
! . eun In every room; lot 25x106:3 feet;
rents fc>s per month; terms JISCO cash,
balance installment lean payments Si
per month.
WESTERN ADDITION BUSINESS PROP-
ERTY.
North side. Nos. 2CC2-2C04 Union st, near Bu-
cbaaan et. ; I-story building containing
•tore and modern well-clanned Cat- of
7 rooms and bath; rects $15 per mosth;
17:6x110 feet
I NEW PARK PANHANDLE RESIDENCE.
i East side. No. 710 Cole it., near Waller; a
beautiful ar.d artistic home of 12 rooms
and bath; every modern improvement:
porcelain tabs; tile mar.tfls: frescoed
: dome ceilings, etc. ; 25x55 feet.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Eetat"? of Lorenzo Dresco. deceased.
Northeast corner Lyon st and Golden Gate
aye.. Nos. SCO to ECSA Lycn «t. and
ICcs. 1554-13SS Gc'den Gate aye.: 12 sunny
modem fiats: rents I!6»i 50 per month;
all Eo<seni improvements; this fine In-
vestment must be sold to *a:isfy claims
against the estate; 4*:10xlOO feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
North side. Ncs. ISIS-IC2O McAllister st. near
Devisaderc; 2 new elegant modem flats
of 7 and S rooms and< bath; 25x137:6 feet
POINT LOBOS-AVE. FLATS.
North side. Ncs. 1422-1424 Point Lobos aye..
near Fourth aye.: 2 well-built flats of
S and 7 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; rents $34 per month; ISxICO
feet
PACIFIC HEIGHTS CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Washington ar.d Lycn sts. ; a
beautiful corner lot: level end ready for
building; in fine residence ueighborhocd ;
21:3x100 feet.
TWENTY-SECOND-ST. BUILDING LOT.
North eide Twenty-second St.. 150:11 feet west
of Church; fine cheap lot. with good
view; close to Mission and Twenty-sec-
ond-et. cars; 22x114 feet
Catalogues of sale cr further particu-
lars at our office.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63$ Market st
REAL ESTATE — COO TRY — For Sale
STOCK and grain ranch for sale In Colnsa
County; 1-40 acres; $10 per acre; 500 grain,
rest hill land. M. 6. CHANDON. Marys-
¦rtKe. Cal. .
A SURPRISING offer— Given away; enly JHSO
for 2SO acres; 200 fenced; 15 acres richest of
valley loam; fully IC«X> cords of oak: 3-room
house: well: living creek; S miles by good
county read from Napa.
N. D. SICKELS, the Land Agent.
13 Geary st. cpp. Chronicle bldg., S. F.
TOR fa>— ln Mill Valley: house of five rooms
ar.d bath and four srcall rocrns In basement:
furnished cr unfurnished; lot 50x150; garden
an»i orchard of 33 trees; S minutes' walk frcn>
station; JC3OO. ArPU' 526 Turk at. . .. . .
ALTA PUNTA Tract Saa Pablo aye.. 3 miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad —
Valley land by the acre, JI2U to COO. Call for
mar«. etc.. en G. W. HAIGHT. 431 Cal. st
3. XV. HORN. Sl2 Main St.. Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
fcr free list of Sonoma County bargains.
FOR SALE— S corner lots on Telegraph aye..
Berkeley. Address SS3 Halght st. city. __
FARMS ar.d city realty to sell or exchange.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market near Call bldg.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.,
wants city property In exchange for farms.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AFLAT of 4 beautiful laxre rooms, wide hall.
stationary tubs, with bath, comdetely fur-
nished for housekeeping: hot and cold water;
gas and telephone; new hoase: fine view;
healthy location; in a small, private family:
no children wanted: rent reasonable. 4231
Twentieth st. near Castro.
CALIFORNIA, 2C23— 2 or 3 sunny furnished
rocnis; light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erences exchaneed: private family.
CHURCH. 233— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing cheap; corner building.
EDDY. 917 — Very pleasant and connecting house-
keeping rooms: splendid location; priv. res.
ELLIS. 1127— Nice furnished front room and
kitchen: bath and yard; private family.
FILLMORE. 2212, near Clay — Three unfurnished
rooms. $10; also 2 unfurnished rooms, $7.
FOLPOM, S34 — Large sunny bay-window room;
kitchen; closets; bath; everything private;
Jl3; alcove. $14 month.
HOWARD. S3*— Sunny suite; complete house-
keeping; t2 S9; furnished and unfurnished.
HYDE. s—Bedroom5 — Bedroom parlor and kitchen nicely
furnished for housekeeping: gas and gas stove.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny front suite: housekeeping;
basement ; separate entrance: $14.
LARKIN. S- I *— Large sunny front' furnished;
llffbt housekeeping; large closets; $10; larg«
back room. $7. .
•MARTHA place. 2. off Geary »t. near Taylor-
Two furnished rooms for housekeeping. .
MISSION 173t4. near Thirteenth— Nicely fur-
nished room; stove; folding-bed; bath; laun-
<lry; $S.
NINTH. D. near Market— Front bay-window
suite: tag, water, stove: $12.
O'FARItELL. 742— Nicely furnished, eunny par-
lor floor; 2 to 5 rooms; hcuaekpg. or otherwise.
PGLK. £22— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; very sunny and cheap.
POST. 5€2— 2 sunny furnished suites for house-
keeping. J23 and $15*. 3 unfurnished In rear. $3.
SACRAMENTO. IZI4. between Hyde and Lar-
kin— rarlor floor; 6 elegantly furnished house-
keeping rooms: ptano: large front room next
floor; appreciated Jf seen; sunny.
SECOND. 212— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
als<-. siczle rooms; clean and respectable; rea-
sonable.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— Large sunny front hou«e-
keepiag' room ; rent $3 per month.. .
TEHASIA. 44— Two front housekeeping rooms.
TURK. MS— Larjre front room: coal stove; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $14.
TWENTY-THIRD. Jl6«. near Howard— Two or
3 sunny housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry.
VALHNCIA. KH'-i— Eunny front room and con-
necting kitchen, furnlfhed, $12: crt rooms. $15.
VAN NES3 aye.. 1021— Sunny parlor suite, with
kitchen; ras range.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2TOO Flllmor*.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 10*
Valencia »t. ¦ ' ¦
ROOMS TO LET— Fsni. and I'nfnra.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
23c to $1 l>«r nisht; Jl C- to Ji per week, and
light housekeeping; open all nUht
AN elegantly furnished front alcove room.
bath adjoinrns: marine view; suitable for 1 or
2 gentlemen. tZi California st. nr. PowelL
A— 'THE ELMER HOUSE." X 24 Bush st. ad-
Joining the P.uss Hcttl; 84 rooms; all prices.
BURVETT. 142« Market at (old No. 13«4)— Fur-
nished rais.. saltes. single; also unfurnlnhed.
BT'«H 1124— Elegant suite and sicgle rooms;
bath* runnlnjr wat»r; beautiful hem«; elegant
reccp'tlan room: tit op- V
CALIFOKNIaT W ilSt Fetor's House)-New
bouse, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON. 1201 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ay corner; well furn.; rma. & of flees.
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to leu
J **OOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'nfnrn.
FOLSOM. 5«5. corner Sixth (Th« Oliver)— Sunny
furclfhed rocrns: suites or single: new mgmt.
GEAUT, 14A— Light, sunny room; nicely fur-
nished; from $1 to up.- • - - •¦
GEART, .335, rear — A nice, large, sunny room
in a quiet family^ for a gentleman.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlih-
ed room«:sultes or single: travelers accom.
GEARY, 666— Elegant sunny back parlor suites;
other rooms: privilege light hskpg.; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
acd Mission Ets. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
tingle: ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
GRANT aye.. 219 <The Clyde)— House refur-
nished: front' rooms, 60c per day up; suites
reasonable.
GROVE. 101. corner Polk— Furnished room In
a private family.
HANCOCK nOUSE. 781 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; U EO to it per week.
HOWAKD, s:o— Rooms from $1 week up to J5.
Xc to ! 1 night: also houseke»p!ng ronaos.
HOWARD, S4o— Nicely furnished suites; also
single rooms; terms reasonable.
MINNA. <67,. corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room. Jl per week; transient.
MISSION. SI7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
LEAVF.NWORTH, . 1521— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let.
NATO MA. TlS— Three large sunny rooms; down-
etairs; rent S3. •
OCTAVIA. 102— Sunny furnished front rooms;
gas, bath, phone; suitable for gentlemen.'
O'FARRELL, 10— Sunny furnished rooms and
ctflces: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ORLANDO House. 959 Howard, cor. Sixth—'
Sunny rooms; prices to sultr: open night.
i POST. 233. cor. Stockton— Finest transient
rooms in city for tourists; hot and cold water,
elevator, telephone. •'
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
i suites or slnsl.es: running water: gas: reas.
POWELL, ECs— Front sunny room, newly fur-
nished; g-ntlenien preferred; references: rea-
Ecnable. - '
ROSEDALE House. 119 Sc 121 Ellis st— Rooms,
night. He to $1; week. $1 25 to *4: open night.
! ROYAL HOUSE. 12« Ellis st— lncandescent
I light, reading room, smoking room and ladles
! parlor; rooms, per night. 350 to 11 60: week. S3
to J?: month. JS to 120; elevator on offlco floor;
rocnis wtth hot and cold water; baths.
SAN ANTONIO 21 Taylor «t.. near Market— Aa
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture: hot and cold water; radiators; salt
j tea baths: tultes and single rooms. •
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth st..
rear Market— Furnished • and unfurnished.
i STOCKTON, II (over Pup Rotisserie)— Nicely
furnished rooms from Jl2 to J3O.
SUTTER. 1022Vi— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; reasonable. / . "
I TO let— Upper part tt house, consisting of three
| rooms and connecting bath; corner house;
I best of references given and required; no chll-
| dren. Box 304*. Call efflce.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; single, suites; trans't.
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming houss
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
| TURK. 12S— Sunny Single room; use of bath;
I private family. .
. CLASSIFIED ad\-ertlsements and subscriptions
j received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlee for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1994
Valencia tt.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
7^TlßST^c€ASslZmUy^boteC^T^'^i^ibn^,
nice sunny bay-window rooms: first-class
table: prices moderate: 2 car lines pass hotel;
elevator: telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
St.. corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
NEW family hotel: first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special inducements to
telect pecple. 807 California et.. occupylag
ccroer opposite Grace Church.
• BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-wladow rooms; superior board; modern
ccnveaiences: rates reasonable.
tHOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
j suites and single rms.; sunny; excellent table.
I HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy; changed
bands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAsTpALMAS. IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or J
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NESS aye.. f4« <The Wallace)— Rooms
and beard: furnished and unfurnished: Jl* up.
SPECLVL XOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from J3; whitened. II up;
painting dcr.e. Hartmaa Paint Co.. Zli Third.'
SEWI.NG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bocght, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; ra-
patrtnr at lowest rates. 205 Fourth Bt.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post st. cor. Powell; teL Mala 371 X
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com- .
pany. 2320 Flllmore at; 'phone Jackson Z3l.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market st:
tel. South £35: packing, moving and storage.
TO LEASE.
TO Lease— All -or part cf vacant property: 95x
160: en Mission st.. near Fifteenth; will build
lirht «tructure. Owner, box 2109. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1200 — NEW modern 4-room cottage: large lotr
all sfeet work done: vent side of street
J6oo— Fine 4-room cottage; lot 30xl«); close
to station and schools; see this to-day.
T1750— Modern 6- room 2-story house; large
lot: good location; near train and schools.
S3COO — New modern colonial cottage of 7
rooms; Grand street; large lot; easy terms.
A fine S-room house, never occupied; must
be sold en account of death; see this prop-
erty: offer wanted.
A S-acre ranch: all In fruit; 4-room house:
suitable for chicken ranch; windmill and
tank; in Frultvale; right on car line; price
J5OOO.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda; nou&ea
to rent, furnished or unfurnished.
Office open Sundays and evenlnrs.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
THE biggest bargain of the year, adjoining
high-priced property and within 10 minutes'
walk of University; 1 block from Telegraph-
ave. electric railroad; 475 feet frontage. ISO
feet deep; must be sold: make an offer. MA-
EON & McLENATHEN, adjoining P. 0.,
Berkeley.
NEW houses to rent, near the University; t
and 9 rooms each. MASON & McLENATHEN,
adjoining P. P.. Berkeley station. ;
FINE house of S rooms, fully furnished,' for
rent MASAN & McLENATHEN, adjoining
| Postofflce, Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GET your own home at a bargain.
For sale — Houses and lots, to suit, by the
Cosmopolitan Building Association: small pay-
ment required; easy terms. E. K. WATER-
MAN, 1107 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland;
Union Hotel block.
OAKLAND FLR.MTURE FOR SAL*:.
A_N introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, lltb and Franklin. Oakland.
. , DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — Dividend No. 73 (25 ¦ cents
per chare) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company, will be payable at the offlce
o' the company. 3?7 Market st. on and after
Friday, Aprii 20, ISOO. Transfer books will
clot* on Friday. April 13. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. - ' E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Dividend No. 8 (25c" per
share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co;
will be payable at the offlce of the company.
827 Market st, on and after MONDAY. April
IS UKW. Transfer books will close on Tues-
day ADrtl 10. J9OO. at 2 p. m.
E. , H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Ratlway Company of Califor-
nia room 229 Crocker building. San Francisco.
Cal" April 8. 1900— Coupon due April 12. 1900.
from first mortgage six <6) per cent bonds of
Elerra Railway Company of < California | will
be paid at the fiscal agency of this company.
the Crocker- Wool worth National ; Bank, ; oa
and after that date.
6. D. FRESHMAN, Treasurer.
DIED.
Alpers. Matilda A. Hofmann. Olympla
Anderson. Jofcn L. Jacobs. Henry XV.
Cain. Lucy J. Jess. John \ ;
Clifford. Laura Kreling. F. XV. ,
Dankwerth. Fritz C. Metcalfe. Kate XV. \
¦ Flanigan, Patrick . Moss. Patrick H.
Fox, Bridget Muller. Catharlna
Fuller. Geonre E. O'Rourke. Margaret
Gogan, Bridget Price. Sarah
Gogan, Elizabeth Thompson. Oeo. .XV.
Gruner. Frank Walpole Frederick E.
Hachette. Roy M.
ALPERS— In New Monterey, April 8; 1900. Ma-
tilda A. Alpers, widow of the late John Alp-
ers. a native of Gluckatadt, Germany, aged
&5 years t months and 11 days.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
' (Wednesday), at 2:SO o'clock, from the parlors
of Theodor Dierks & Co., 957 Mission street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In this city. John Ludwig An-
derson, brother of Henry XV. Anderson of
Sunol, and uncle of George A." Anderson, a
native of Goteborz. Sweden, aged ii years S
months and 7 days.
CAIN— In this city, April 9, 1900. Lucy J., be-
loved wife of Francis M. Cain, and mother
of Allan J., Richard L. and Jerome N. Stan-
ley and Lucy B. Cain, a native of Hastings,
Minn., aged 43 years 6 months and 1 day.
(Washington and Minnesota papers please
copy.)
(CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. Jacob & Co.. 31S Mason
street, between Geary and O'Farrell. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CLIFFORD— In this city, April 9, 1900. Laura,
dearly beloved wife of John D. Clifford, a
• native of Melbourne. Australia, aged 24 years.
(Sydney, Melbourne and Perth, West Aus-
tralia, papers please. copy.)
ufrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully im-lted to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 22 East street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church, corner Fremont and Harrison
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
DANKWERTH— In this city. April 9, 1900,
Fritz Carl.' youngest and dearly beloved son
of Herrmann and Dora Dankwerth. and
brother of Henry Dankwerth. a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 months and 4 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his parents. 205 Shipley street, near
Sixth. Intsrment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FLANIGAN— In this city. April 9. 1300. Patrick,
beloved husband of Ellen Flanlean. and
father of- Joseph P., Mary E. and Frances M.
Flaniean. a native of County Limerick, Ire-
CrThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:S0 o'clock, from his late
residence. lliO Howard street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. >
FOX— In South San Francisco. April 10. 1300.
Bridget Fox. dearly beloved wife of Peter
Fox and lovlns mother of John F.. Edward
J.. Joseoh P. and Peter E. Fox. a native of
the parish of Altacumsay. County Tyrone,
Ireland, ased 38 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend, the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ISOB Sixteenth avenue south, between
Q and R streets south. South San Francisco.
Interment noly Cross Cemetery.
FULLER— In this city. April 10. 1900. George
E. Fuller, beloved brother of James. Fred
PROPOSALS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. April 7, 1900-Eealed
proposals in triplicate, will be received here
until IS o'clock m., MONDAT, May 7. 1900.
and then opened, for furnishing during fiscal
year ending June SO.- 1301. forage and straw,
to be delivered on board of vessels at wharves
in San Francisco, Cal., for shipment to Hono-
lulu, H. I. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all bids or any part
thereof. Preference given to articles of Amer-
ican production, conditions cf price and qual-
ity (Including in the price of foreign ; produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the public
(••rvlce there. All' information furnished on
application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining bids to be Indorsed "Proposals for
¦ at San Francisco. Cal.," and - ad-
dressed to J. M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quar-
termaster General. U. S. A_. Chief . Quarter-
master.
NOTICE to Creditors— Estate of THOMAS M.
CLUFF, deceased. Notice is hereby given by
the undersigned executors of the last will
and testament of THOMAS M. CLUFF, de-
ceased/ to the creditors of and all persons
having claims apainst the said deceased, to
exhibit them with the necessary vouchers,
within ten months after the first publication
of this notice to the said executors at the
office of John H. Dickinson, " roCm 25. third
floor, Mills building:. San Francisco, the same
• being their place for the transaction of the
business of the said estate In the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California.
WILLIAM CLUFF.
W. A. HALSTEAD.
A. E. CHENEY.
Executors of the Estate of THOMAS M.
CLUFF, Deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, March 20, 1900.
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney for estate.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
27 ''and' 29 Fifth st. TeL ; South 167.
FCNEEAL DIRECTORS AMD EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. '..
McAVOY «fc CO..
STfNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
ISS Market st., between Sth and Sth.
Telephone South 247.
Big Mortgage Recorded.
Special Dispatch to The Call
REDWOOD CITY, April 10.— A J5.000.000
mortgage," made by the Standard Electric
Company of California to the Mercantile
Trust Company of New York, was filed
for record in the Recorder's offlce of San
Mateo County to-day. The mortgage
covers all real and personal property of
tha Standard Electric Company, including
all its plants, wires, circuits, poles, etc..
now used as well as all property, both
real and personal, to be hereafter ac-
Quired by said company. -
Excitement Causes Death.
NEW YORK, April 10.— At the Republi
can convention held at Amityville, L. L,
to-day for the election of delegates to the
State convention there was a row, during
which former State Senator Richard Hlg
bie the leading Republican of the east
end' of Long Island, became greatly ex
cited. He was one of those elected dele
gates, and after the convention he re
turned home and was stricken with heart
disease, dying within a few minutes.
Republican Gains in Newark.
NEWARK, N. J., April 10.— Mayor James
M Seymour. Democrat, was re-elected in
Newark by 2500 plurality. The Republicans
elected nine Aldermen out of fifteen, tak
ing from the Democrats the control of the
Common Council. They also elected eight
School Commissioners, breaking the tie
and gaining control of the Board of Edu
cation. The Republicans carried the city
by 1000 plurality, taking the vote of Trus
tee of the City Home as a basis.
Join the Fruit Association.
SANJOSE, April 10.— It was announced
to-day at the office of the Cured Fruit As
sociation that the exporting houses of
Balfour. Guthrle & Co. and the Johnson-
Locke Mercantile Company will pool is
sues with the association in the matter of
dried fruits. These are among the largest
BAD MAN OF TEXAS
REPORTED KILLED
Sheriff's* Fosse Said to Have Had a
Sharp Fight With Three Fugi
tive Murderers.
EL. PASO, Tex., April 10.— A report from
Lordsburg; X. M., to-day says that a
Sheriffs posse encountered the fugitive
murderers, Burt Alyord, Bravo Johnson
and William Stiles," in the mountains
southwest of that point late yesterday,
and that Stiles was killed in a fight that
followed. Alvord, Johnson and Stiles
broke jail at Silver City a week ago, and i
afterward ambushed and murdered Officer [
George Scarborough and wounded Officer r
Burchfleld, who were in pursuit of them.
To-day a strong posse left Deming, N. AL.
to guard the mountain passes to the east
and head off the fugitives should they
start in that direction. Another posse
headed by Sheriff Blair of Grant County
started from San Simon to-day to act in
concert with the Deming posse and en
deavor to round up the murderers of Scar
borough, as well as capture the men who
recently escaped from the Tombstone,
Ariz., jail.
WILL BE DEPORTED.
Treasury Department Will Bald
Chinese in Santa Clara County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. April 10.— Ten of the Chinese
arrested at Mllpltas by Special Agent of
the Treasury Putman yesterday produced
certificates to Court Commissioner James
to-dayNand were discharged. Seven were
remanded and will probably be deported.
Two of the number produced certificates,
but there were evidences that the certifi
cates did not fit the men.
This action of the Treasury Department
in rounding up Chinese is said to be- but
a preliminary move to the arrest of sev
eral hundred Chinese, in Santa Clara
County for being illegally in the count
try- - Many hundred Chinese are em
ployed in the fruit and cannery industries
and it Is believed many of them have no
certificates.
MABBIED.
OLSEX— OLSEN— In this city, April 8," 1300, by
the Rev. O. Groensbers. Lars E. Olsen and
Caren E- Olsen.
PERKINS— FILLMORE— In this city, April t.
1000, by the Rev. John Stephens, Walter O.
Perkins and Flora M. Flllmore. both of San
Francisco.
SPARROWE— THEISEN— In the City of Mex-
ico. March 29. 1300. William G. Sparrowe and
Agnes L. Tbeisen, both formerly of San
Francisco.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marrUsre and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the tmblication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
- - BOBN.
ABRAHAM— In this city. April 9. 1900. to the
wife of Hyman Abraham, a son.
DITTMAR— In this ctty. April 8, 1300. to the
wife of C. E. Dittmar, a man.
BAXLBOAD TBAVEX. ,
¦•¦ imiim Hcmr ctsri.tr.
(Piciric arsm.)
TrmlM !••*• »••* »re> Une t« »rrl»» ••
MAN riUKCIMO.
pf»h» Lisa, Foos of Market Street)
' ut*T» , — T*O* TUKCAJT lei 1900- — AJLJtmi
| *7i««4 Braids. Sutena. E^nlrx V*e»»i2a.
Eaxjey »n>l p*cr»menso. . . *7*%ar
•7>««&Sbiata Erpres»-Datis. WClows*
BeJ EuS. Portland "T****
•7t30 a Uinloez. ban Ramon, Vallejo. N*pa.
CaUstcg»«nd Santa r.n» ««*iap
•St3»* T&« OreiUnd limited— Ogdaa. Dea-
»er. Omaha. Chieagi •3>13»
•Si3*a &*ii Jo*e. tiTennore. Stockton.
" ' lon*. Saemnruto. FUeerrCct
H»ry»»ill«. Chico. UeJ Eluff M.ISr
"tsSOt "Milton, Oakd*!e.fcctjoT». C«rters... •til»F
•3:«Oa H ijwAr-.J. NilnanU Way Stations. # I I*4s*
•»j|)u* Darii. Woodli-.d. K.c2£ttsLaui2n&
UaryiTilie, Orof tl». !2*!?*
•9toot AtUatiu Kijrcsj— O^den and East *»>*3*
•fl:O«i U*r-.:»«, Tf.CT. LaUirop, swclwa,
Merer*! a ml Fresno 'HjlSf
•Bioo* Port Coa, tratuo, Me>T« *n.l f.os
Au^sirt •«:<3r
•I •:OO » YaU«-Jo. ilartlnes an«t W«y Stations "S*Mr
•1I:UOa Nile* U»-r:..>rr, Btocktoß. »acr»>
mecto. Memlota, 11-ii.f ~r J. VuilU.
lVrtertuk* *Ijl3f
•I ¦•jOOsi H*ynrila, Niles sml W i j Stations. *2>t ¦"* r
tlrOOr Sicranwnio i:itertjfe»m«rs ?««;«•»
*3H»«r rUjTrardj, Ntjes ami Way Stations. •»*«»»
•* u«r Mirr iue% h.» i lUbioh. Valiejo.
I.' 1:1, C*ii»«-<*, .-auM il.n *•>¦>•
•«;OOr B^sicU. VioafilV, bacraiutntow
V.o».l'an<l. Ki>i;-!it« 1 Jiuluif.
Marrvrille. Orotiilj »I»:-I3a
Mt3O* 7l!laa,&an Jom ami dt:>cktan •7»13»
•s:tx»rTliJ Or I liiclleil— Tracy. Tttsao.
. . B*k£rsaeia.fcaitsus for &xat» Ear- ,*>
Urxt-i Aneeiea '. .. *1<»»»Ja
«3:00p Scsset limited— hi Puo. Xtrw Or-
fears aad E-tat cJ«T«A
•3:3«r B*ocktna. ileice.l. Frcaoo •»2ilSr
•SiUUrlTiPSuo, lu'(«rsijv!<l, .-anM i:ui-*r».
Lcs Anftles, Demise. £1 Puo.
New Orleans anil CasS •S*«»i
¦3t3»p Rauta ¥¦> llnnle — UUuilta Eipreas
forMoJaro au<t IU-l '0:11?
•o:*M>p HaT"«'U Nile* aud tUa Joso *7il*4
<«:::«» rV*!!«:-i M2»l3r
•aiSurOnental MaU— Orien, Cteyesao.
Omaha. Cbieago **<4Sa
•GiZOr Orhsntsl iiui— Cgden, Dearer.
Omaaa, Cbicao. M:lJr
t?:*«r Va::v;.\ Porv C««ta and War Bta-
tlmis. J»»»3s>
•S:*lr Orvgotiami Callfnmt* l-i;r»«».Mao-
1..!.:ei1t». M*O*«l»*. Kr-I.ilr*.
Portiaiwi. Piiit^t fM..it.tT nx.l t m*l *^»l3a,
COAST UlTl«i|ox Qbtmw Chagal.
(Foot cf M.>rk'--t Mrcct. )
•H:ir»*N»«»rH.C""-it<TTi>!e,.-*a.l(.-<'B.P»lt.->o.
Bonldei Cteek.Santa Cnu and Waj
BtaUoos »3»»«»
?1i I3r >*e**r«. C«st«rTfil», Ban .!,«». K<w
Almadeo, i'eltca. lt<m!der Creek.
SanU Cnu and l*rlndpal Waj
Butiocs....- fl«x»«a
• 1:1.1 p Nawirt. H*a Jcse. LonCatoa...... *«i3«a
bllslSr Hunters' Cxccrsicn. taa Josa and
WayBta:ions |?t—»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY, i
rnaiSll riliaSCO— fMt «r Xtrktt Sin.'.(S::-> S) —
•7.13 9CO 11:00>.m. tl C 3 # 2 -Z3 13:39
•I:C3 |S^3 •3:Mp.«.
rn*ollUia— FMttrßmiwij.— *«:oa S.-OO 10HMi.«.
tI3C3 «I:C3 t3:C3 »3:C3 ttX3 *g:C3r.M.
COAST BITRIOa (Rroa.|Oaa?e).
(Thirtl and Townseml Sts.)
t<: lOa Oeeau Viow. Booth Man f'tandaco.. it*Sr *
*7:«o » hart Jom ami Way m:jH i.» (N«w
AlioaUeu WeiiM,;*jioulj) "lilt*
•9:»O« Ba:i J>w-. Tres I'iuiM. X u.t» Craa.
. Taeiao Urota. la» > Itoblea, Saa
I.im ObUpn. Surf. Lompoo and
PrJnetpal TTay BUtfw^ Mil«»
•l«»ilo» Sau JoM.n.l Way hutkma •*»*
•Il>3Oa San Joio ami Waf Buttons •OtSO
f*» «5r aaa Matea. Ke«!*ood, Meolo Puk.
Pmlo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jos*.
Trea Plnos. Hauta Cms. ««''r"L
Monterey ami l'aciflo Gror« fl*tM*.
? t:.li>r Saa Josaan-1 Way Btattoua *7:si»p
f I:l 3pBaaJm«aa<l Principal Way Statloos •I*:l3i
)3:««pBaaJo«« and Principal Way Stations t9:OOi
•4:30p Saa Jo 4« anU Principal Way Stations * a :33*.
•Oi.lOp San Josa and WayStatlons f*:O«A
HI i tap Saa Jess ami Way Stations *?:3O»
A for Morning P f or Aftamoou.
* Satiy. t •luo-lay axeepte*). { Snmt.j only.
b Sa&aday only.
jaTaeadaysaadTxidajs t Ttnrnrfayi aad Brodaym.
RALIFORNIfI IIMITED
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the qulcVtit runnlnj and most
luxurious train acrosj the continent.
Co^^ectino Thavs Leaves Sax Fkasciscoi
5 f>.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
satarday, arrlvla; in Chicago at 2:15
P.H In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York. . -_
OVECLAND Learesi Saa Fnaelsc« at 5:3 a
fvnnfcc p. m. with Palace and Tosrist
ra •• v «» re iot Kansas Ctty, St. Lotas,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between - Stocitoa. VALLEY
: Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Talare Dt\AT\
I and Baiersfield. ! ROAD
SEC YOU IN Saa Francisco offlce. 623
• 'FDISPO SflO % Market Street. PaeneMaia
| rxiJCU 3UU. j^j. OaJclaad. 1113 Broad.
' way; Sacramen'o, ZJI J St«--et • Saa Jose, 7 West
. Saata Clara Stregt.
CiUFOUU HamWBSTEttTRL 09.
Stf FHAICISCO AND NORTH FACOTI
[— RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcaron F«rry. F»»t •' Market 8%
! MAX FRAXCISCO TO BA2t R-VTAEt*
¦WEEK: DATS— 7:2O. %-JM. 11:00 a. a. j 12:S1,
I:«, 5:11. %-M p. rx Ttcrsiays— Extra trt;
i at 11:3 a p. cb. Bntnrday— Eitra trljs at XiA
] and 11:33 ]\ m.
•UNDAYS-4:Mv I Jo. n.-f» a. m.'. IJK tM,
i §.-«).- •:» p. to.
SAN RAFA EL. TO BAX FRAXCXSOOk
IVEEK DAT9-4:l^ 7S». 9.20. U:l9 v o.: U:«L
: 1:40. 1:10 o. xa. Bctardays— Extra ais* ai
I:3J and i:SS p. m.
SZTXT>XT3-4:l\ »:«. UO» a. ra.,' VAX J:<a. t 3^
' I:BslD.
Between Saa Pranelsco aad Bcfcsatzea PiurS
• ho iccedol* as abort.
Lear* Arrtro
Baa Francisco. la Effact Saa Francisco^
I Octobers i ¦
Wnlc Boa- ISM. . Sun- I W««k
Days. days. DertlaaUoa. days. [ Days.
T:»am 1:00 am Korato. !>:« ansj 1:« iq
• :30 pm »:30am Pctaluma. €:0S pm;l3:rs ata
j 1:10 pm >:0O pm Santa Ro— . I J^piat t:O w
Fulton.
ffdi aa Windsor. 19:3 u»
Ecaldsbors.
Lyt-on.
140 pea IH am cloverdale. T^S pm I:U pea
fJO ami IliopUnd aad I j
\ !.•<» am| Cklaa. |T JS pm| t.XX pm
~f JOam ~~T 13^5 ua
JiOOaa Gnerrevllle. IJS pa
•:3> cm *:3 pas
TJOam 1:00 am , Sonoma | »OS am J:tO ia
and
1:13 pm 1.40 pm Glea Ellen. <:0S pro C:B pza
T:» am] 1:00 ami EebastopoL |l»:«0 am 10:23 us
1.33 pm! S-"tt> Pm| I 7:33 pm.' C:3 pa»
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
| Crrinrs and White Suls&nr Springs: at Lytton
( fcr Lj t ton Sprtass: at Oeyserville for Skasz*
: Bprtnrs: at CloTerdale for the Geysers; at H;>-
j land for Duncan Sprlsss. HUhUni 3prtnc%
I Kelseyv!l>. CXrlsbad Springs. sV<la Bar. Laks>
i port aad Bartlett Sprtnrs; at XTkiab for Vicfcr
i Eprian. Saratoga Springs. Clue Lakes. Laurai
> I>!1 Lak«. Witter Bprin;s. Upper Lake. Poci%
I Potter Valley. John Day's Riverside. Llerley'sw
- Baekaell'a. Sanh^drln Relchts. HnUviMe. Orr*«
Hot Sprt&gs. Mendocino City. Fcrt Brajrx;
Westpcrt. Usal. WUlltts. Laytonrlll*. Cum-
inlEß's, Beirs Sprtccs, Harris. Olse&'a. Dysr.
i Bcctia and Eureka.
; Saturday to Monday round-trip ticx-ata at r*.
: Cnced rates. '
Oa Suadajr round-trio tickets to a!l potnta
Wyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. Co Market st. Chror.!cl« b!a«.
f m. C WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
O«aeral Maoacsr. Gea. Pass. ArsaC
f; ~ ;
: JAOU.-tT TAMALP6LS SCENIC R^ILWAf
Leav* Saa Franctaco Tt* bausallto Ferry.
Week Dijs. 9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
I Sunday ¦ «:SO. VIM a. m. aad 1:45 p. nk
p^gjfi^-htate^. closjad r*y os all trains.
! Far*— Baa rraadsca to Sammlt and Ratoz^
I _
V^^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A-MA -M - a j3Jßfs2« r >KEARXYXT. E3tab!!sa-<1
n l**"tor the tr^imeatct Private
|t1 /a. -S^Sf rHseadfs, Lout Mancrx d. Lability or
ts£f*»K£/33i 'iis* > »v»*^e*rii:ijoi>bo<Syan<lmlnrtAi:<i
.SKin Dl»eas*3. fh'»docsorcnr»swh(>ii
I 3EKK?QJ n * tlersf * 111 - Try him. Char?«» low
f-nrr-rT*~~~~* —** Cailorwrlt<^
Dr.J.t'.ulßßVXißox I93?.Saarraacaco.
wSltlillileai
ARRIVED.
¦ .'h?> . Tuesday. April 10-
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre. 4 days from
Comox. •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LCDLOW- Arrived April 10— Scar En
deavor, from Honolulu.
GRATS HARBOR— Sailed April »— Schr Gem.
fdr San Francisco. ' '
Arrived April »— Schr OttlUla Fiord, hence
April 1.
VENTURA— Arrtred April 10— Schr Fanny
Dutard. from Port Blakeley; stmr £an Pedro,
from Eureka. . -
BOWENS lANDlXG— Arrived April ;o— 6chr
Ocean Spray, hence April 3.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Arrll 10— Schr Albert
Meyer, for Honolulu; ship Spartan, for Saa
Francisco.
Arrived April 10— Schr Bowhead. hence March
25: stmr Newport, from Sltka.
SAX DlEGO— Arrlred April 10— T, S •tar
Manning-, from New York.
ASTORIA— SaIted April 10— Br bark Samari
tan, for Queenstown; »tmr Despatch, for San
Francisco. '_
Arrived April »— Br ship Asoice. from Hono
lulu. ADril 10— Stmr Columbia, hence April S.
COOS BAY— Sailed April 10— Schr Daisy
Rowe. for San Francisco: echr Western Home,
for San Francisco; schr Maxim, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Slenat. for San FrancUco; schr
Churchill, for San Francisco: schr Antelope, for
San Francisco.
Arrived April 10— Stmr Arcata. hence April S.
CASPAR— SaiIed April 10— Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 10— Stcsr Na
tional City, for San Francisco.
NOYO— Arrived April 10— Stmr S«iuo!a. from
Fort Braes.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HAMBURG— SaiIed March S-Ger ship Alice.
for Portland. via Cardiff.
In sort Feb 2S— Ger ship Henrietta, for San
Franci!«eo. j_ ' „
TIENTSTN— In Dort March 6— Ger shia J.e.
eaia. for Portland. ¦-
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed April 7— Stmr Cttj of
Rio de Janeiro, for San Francisco.
In Dort March 10— Br ship St Mlrren. for
HlOGO— Sailed March S3— <Jer bark Llsbeth.
for Tacoma. , •
LONDON— In port March 12— Br ship City of
Delhi, for Victoria. . __
Sailed March 3— Br bark Glenosll, for vie-
CARDlFF— Arrived April 10— Br ship Ful
wood. from Portland.
SHIMONOSEKI— SaiIed prior to April 4— Nor
stmr Eids%-old. for Port Townsend.
ACAPULCO— SaiIed April 10-Stmr Pern, for
San Francisco. .
QUEENSTO^VX— Arrived April 10— Br «hip
Alice A Leleh. from Tacoma.
Sailed ABrtl 9— Br ship Arctic Stream, for
Dublin; Ger ship Arthur Flteer. for Ipswttch:
Br ship Fulwood. forCardlJT: Ger bark J C
Glade, for Bristol. April 10— Fr bark Saint
LIVERPOOLr^-Arrtved April 7— Br ship Gar
net Hill from Portland. April 9— Br *hip I'u
ehalburn. hence Nov C 3. April 10— Ger ship
Drehna. from Tacoma; Br ship Druinblair. from
HULl^— Arrived April B— Br «hlp Province,
hence Nov C 5. April 9— Br ship Pythomene. hnc
SPURNHEAD— Passed Anril 9— Ft bark Eu
rope hence Nov 17. for Grimsby.
ISL.E OF WlGHT— Passed April 7— Br «hip
Llnllthsowshtre. from Antwerp, for Portland.
IQUIQUE— In pert Feb 2S— ltal ship Fran
cesco Clampa. for San Francisco.
FAL.MOUTH— Arrived April s— Ger ship
Drehna. from Taroma. _ " "
Sailed A"ril »— Fr bark MacMahon. for Lon
don- Br ship Royal Forth, for Fleetwood; Ger
ship Ferdinand Fischer, for HulL
NAGASAKI— In port March 10— Br ship Pin
more, for Tacoma.
Arrived March 23— Br nhip Larso Law. from
Barry, for San Francisco.
SANTA P.OSA LI A— Arrived Drier to April 10
—Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, from Victoria.
Arrived March 22— Br ship Ballaculisb. from
Newcastle. England. •
Sailed March 22— Br ship Barflllan. . for Toca-
P VANCOUVER— Arrived Aorll S— Bri* Court
nev Fonl. from San Pedro.
AUCKLAND— Arrived April 10— Stmr Mari
poMi, hence March 21. _ ...
DUNGENESS— Passed April S— Br ship Lou
don Hill, from Tyne, for San Francisco. April
»— Br ship. Manchester, from Tacoma. for
Queenstowru
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SHIMONOSEKI— SaiIed prior to April 4— Stmr
Eidsvold. for Port Townsend.
LONDON— Arrived April 10— Stmr Mesaba.
from New Tork.
BOULOGNE— SaiIed April 10-Stmr Palatla.
from Hamburg, for New Tork.
NEW TORK-Salled Aoril 15— Stmr Kaiser
Wtlhelm der Grosse. for Bremen, via Cher
bourg and Southampton.
KOBE— Arrived April 7— Stmr Glenogle. from
Tacoma. for Hongkong, etc.
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived Asril B— Stmr Elm
Branch, from Portland. Or.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 10— Stmr Noord
land. from New Tork.
PLTMOUTH— Arrived April 10— Stmr Graf
WaMeraee. from New Tork. for Hamburg.
AUCKLAND— Arrived Anrtl 10— Stmr Mart
po«H, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Sydney
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
D. Lafayetta Hamilton, 33. city, and Mattie
A. Lutz, 35. city.
Joseph L. Bacigalupl. 22. 2 Telegraph place,
and Camilla Baclgalupi, 20. Healdsburg.
Walter Turnbull Jr., 26,. city, and Nellie
Hoyt. 22, city.
Benoit Chaumet, 45, city, and Josephine Hum-
Wilson H. Slgourney, 32. city, and Elizabeth
C. Leavitt. Ti. city.
John Westlund, 26, city, and Annie L. An-
derson, 27, city. . .
John Schwandt, 40, Jamestown, and Lilly
Hettenhausen, 2S, Wadsworth, Nev.
Jesse F. Gilman. 24. Santa Rota, and Nora
Near, 24, city. ' -
Carl E. Reit S4, 101 Bradford street, and
Julia Landrud. 33, 1820 California street.
Henri E. Lair. 11. 609 Pine street, an<t Maria
BoulamoU 23. «09 Pine street,
James E. Shannon, 25. city, and Flora A.
Walsh. 21. city.
PROPOSALS FOR FIELD RANGES— Depot
Quartermaster's Offlce, 3S New Montgomery
st San Francisco, Cal.. March 2s. 130O—
Scaled proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 11 o'clock a. m..
. April 12. 1900. Paciflo Standard time, for fur-
nishing 2CO large field ranges, with privilege
of Increase of 56 per centum, samples- to be
submitted by bidders. Preference will be
given to articles' of domestic production and
manufacture, conditions of price and quality
being equal (Including In the price of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
on), and such preference will be given to ar-
ticles of American production and manufac-
ture produced on the Pacific Coast to the ex-
tent of the consumption required by the pub-
lic service there. The United States reserves
the rUht to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals cr any part thereof. Information and
blanks for proposals will be furnished on
application. Envelopes contaimlng proposal*
will b* Indorsed "Proposals for 'Field
Ranges." and addressed to "Captain OSCAR
F. LONG, -Assistant Quartermaster, U. S.
Army. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. March 24, 1900— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here,
until 12 ra.. Friday. April 13, 1900. and then
opened, for furnishing 71 cavalry horses and
36 artillery horses at the Presidio of San Fran-
cisco. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids, or any part thereof.
Bids will b« considered for a less number of
horses than that stated. Preference given to
articles of domestic production, conditions of
price and quality (Including in the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to articles of
American production produced on the Pacific
Coast, to extent of consumption required by
the public service there. Information fur-
nished on application to J. M. MARSHALL.
Deputy Quartermaster General, U. S. Army,
Chief Quartermaster.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
GRAND HOTEL
L N Hill. Denver
8 Guinan, Denver
W W Dole. Cal
C W Pendletcn. L Ang
T Nairmltb. - Oakland
C H Williams. Menlo
A H Newell. For Lake
McD Elliott, S Rosa
J Mathena. Saeto
O H Patterson. N T
C E Thomas. Berkley
M H Schwartz. Cal
T H Harmon. Berkley
F J Clark & w. Mina
F D Frost. Paso Roble
F W D Gwlcne. Cal
F Rathbun. Ariz
J L Merrill, Prescctt
C L Thompson. Jerome
D Hollister. Crtland
A T Ross. Sacto
H Letter & w. Tacoma
J S Brown. Wtsonvllle
E R Hartley. N T
E C Christ. Cal
R Mason & w, L Anz
M Biggs Jr. OrovJUe
W R Allen & w, Chgo
Mrs L F Smith. Cal
Mrs J Whlteley. Mich
Mr» - N • Zimmerman,
Lansing
FJ Sifford. Ventura
J F Lewis. Ventura
H T McCormack. Or
V. X Sta hi. San Jose
r«" O Blaslngame. Cal
H C Lester, Fresno
A Hellbron. Sacto
C C Hampton. Cal
C L Merrill. Holhster
W T Russell. Denver
E Clark. St Lrrois
J E Burton. Milwaukee
H J McSorley. Cal
G Tlscomea. N Dak
T M Chittenden. Fresn
F L Dickson, S Cruz
Mrs E E Blodgett Cal
C M Carver. Sheridan
G A Buell. Stockton
R J Prince & w. Cal
S M Roberts. Cal *
J G Butler A w. Mo
3 P Poland. Cal
H M Barstow & w. Cal
D Letshman. I'kiah
H B Morris. Cal
M Chaptn. Spokane
O J Larson. Lodl
C E Mcßavy. Shelton
F V Webb. Sutter
H W Joss, Palo Alto
E J Dubois. Parts
H Dinkelspiel, Cal
PALACE HOTEL
E C Bede. Seattle
J H Green. Sn Rafael
J M Jones. Sta Cruz
Miss M Davis. S Cruz
II R Wood. Phila
P C Macfarlane. L Ang
H Gottschalk. N T
J M J Byrne. L» Ang
G G Qulncy. Boston
X M Jackson. Alaska
Mrs T McKean, Phila
Miss Steedman. Boston
S R Madann & w, O
L A Johnson. Boston
T Flint. San Juan
Mrs H M Ross. Ls An
Miss M Peck. Chicago
Miss E Peck, Chicago
A W Brown. N T
H J Small, Sacto
C H Haberkorn & w.
Detroit
H Haberkorn. Detroit
Mfss Haberkorn. Detr\
S V Carney. Ls Ang
Mrs W G Morgan. Wls
Mrs E R Pautkey. Wls
Mrs O A Fincke. Wls
G Mann. Mass *
C N Roberta & w. Colo
E J Andrews. Bodle
Mrs W Kohl, Sn Mateo
P L Shuman. Chicago
Mrs W Wheeler. Mo
E S Bandy. Prague
F Werckert. Lelpsig
C B Kaufman. Menlo
S G Cook. Minn
A Hopkins & w. Bostn
H Jenkins & w, Boston
3 Klrk^atrlck £ w.
. Michigan
Mrs M H Grover. Mich
C O Scott A w, Cl«veld
E S Kimball. Chicago
F L Moore <fe w. Wash
Miss Hamilton. N T
Miss Leutchford. N T
A F Haas. Seattle
J O Cor.kltn. N T
C J CKell. Alameda
A Waltennlre & w. Cal
C H Push A w. Engld
Misses Pugh. England
W M Trezloaa. Toko
G H Tregloan. Toko
Dr W Martin & w. Cal
Dr Chlari. Vienna
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
L Wartenburg 1 . La Ang
J P Hatchens. Oak dais
J E Hall. Sioux City ,
I Ke«ne. Chicago
A Green. Vallejo
P A Finn. Sulsun
J Webber. Vallejo
F Hentschel. Jamestwn
C Cunningham, w. Cal
G Graceton, Pan Jose (
i 3 A Norman & w. N M
,O L Abbott. Mich
jW Worthley. Fresno
!O W Ayer. Reno
|J W Williams. Cal
]In M A Crawford, 111
Miss Crawford. 11l
H H Emmlngs. 11l
Mrs J F Conner. Cal
J Carthay. St Helena
and Victor Fuller. Mrs. Gus Taschner and
Mrs. Harry Parker, & native of London. Enc-
lan 1, aged 3S years 1 month and 2S days.
GOGAN— In this city. April 10. 1900, Bridget,
beloved mother of John and the late Richard
and William Gogan. a native of Dublin. Ire-
land..
GOT AN— ln the City and County "Hospital.
April 10, 1300, Elizabeth Gogan. . a native of
Ireland, sized C 5 years.
GRUNER— In this city, April 8, 1900, Frank,
dearly beloved husband of Helene C. Gruner
(nee Wallltz). father of Frieda. Eliae.
Frank. Theodore. Helena, Leonore, Alice and
Gertrude Gruner, son of Mrs. Elizabeth Gru-
ner. and brother of William Gruner, Mrs. G.
Schaefer. Mrs. William J. Hursmann and the
late Ferdinand Gruner. a native of Philadel-
phia. Pa., aged 47 years 9 months and 7 d&ys.
A member of. Verein Elntracht Court Ger-
man-America No. 7172, A. O. F.. and Inde-
pendent Rifles.
DTriends ar.d acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from Elntracht
Hall, 237 Twelfth street, near Folsom. where
services will be held under the ausptces cf the
Verein Elntracht. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. Remains at the parlcrs of H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street.
HACHETTE— In this city. April 9, 19C0, Roy
Melbourne, dearly beloved son of Victor F.
and Alexln* Hachette, and brother of Edwin
V.. Earl W.. F. Orover C. Victor F. Jr..
Alexlne G.. John C. and Mathllde Hachette.
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years 7
months and 4 days.
t7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence,
of hia parents. 716E Xatorna street, near
Eighth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. •
KOFMANN— In Argentine. Kans.. March XI.
13€0, Olympla Hofmann, beloved mother of
Ottokar and the late Angelo and Adolf Hof-
mann. aged S2 years and 1 month. / '
JACOBS— At the German Hospital, April 9, 1900,
Henry W. Jacobs, a native of Germany, aged
S2 years 2 months and 14 daya.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theo. Dterks, 957 Mission street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
JESS— In this city. April 10. 1300. John, dearly
beloved husband of Anna Jess, father of Au-
gust. Emma, John Jr. and Lurllne Jess, and
brother of Mrs. William Ahlstrand. a native
of Schleswljt-Holstein. Germany, aged J3
years 11 months and 24 days.
KRELING— In Berkeley, April 1. 1900. Fred-
erick William Krellng, father of the late
Martin, William. John and Joseph Krellng. a
native of Westphalia. Germany, aged 78 years
4 months and 12 days. (New York papers
please copy.)
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Halsted & Co.. 94S Mission street Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
METCALFE— In Coronado. San Diego County,
Cal.. April 10. 1300, Kate Wooeter Metcalfe.
wife of Cactaln John Metcalfe. .
CTFuneral notice later.
MOBS— In this city. April 19, 1300. Patrick
Henry, beloved husband of Anne Moss, and
father of Mary. William and Margaret Moss
and Mrs. Edwin Williams, a native of Ire-
land, ased 57 years.
E?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 7' Liberty street. Interment pri-
vate. No flowers.
MULLER— In thi3 city, April — , 1900, Cath-
arina Muller. beloved sister of Joseph Mul-
ler and Mrs. Henry Miller, a native of Hoe-
penthal. Canton Uri, Switzerland, axed 33
years.
(CTFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Gantner &
Guntz Undertaking Company's parlors, S and
10 City Hall square. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
O'ROURKE— In this city. April 8. 1900. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Patrick O'Rourke, and
mother of Mrs. D. F. Murphy and Margaret
Thomas. Catherine, Nellie. Lizzie and James
O'Rourke, a native of County Tlpperary. Ire-
land, aged 54 years.
CyFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 81J Potrero avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 3 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ,
PRICE— In this city. April 8. 1900. Sarah, be-
loved wife of J. B. Price, and mother of Mrs.
C J. Kaighin. Mrs. C. A. Hellwig. Merton S.
and Lottie Price and Richard Price of Sacra-
mento and Ralph G. Price of Seoul. Corea. a
native of England, aged 6? years.
C7" Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. C. A. Hellwig. 97.1 Mc-
Allister street. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. . .
•THOMPSON— In this city. April 10. 19C0. George
XV., beloved son of Walter J. and Helen M-
Thonnpeon. and brother of Walter. Alice and
Laura Thompson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years 1 month and 18 days.
C7 Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tc-morrow
(Thursday). at-^:3O o'clock, from his late
residence. 1717 Eddy street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where services will be held for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 2
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
WALPOLE— In this city, • April ». 1900.' Fred-
erick E. Walpole (better known as Fred
Clark), husband of Mary Walpole. a native of
England, aged (8 years. (English papers
please copy.) "
(C7Friends and acouaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 141 Eleventh street, near Howard. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please emit
flowers.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
foreign exporters of the prune product In
the United 3tates.
Stockton Presbytery Meets.
TRACT. April 10.— The Stockton Presby
tery, consisting of twenty-two Presbyte
rian churches of the San Joaquln Valley
convened here to-night. Rev.| J. B. Stew
art of Fowler, the retiring Moderator,
preached the sermon. Delegates were
present from every county in the district.
Rev. Enos P. Baker of Modesto was elect
ed Moderator, and Edward D. Annon of
Sonora clerk.
THE SAN FK AN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 1900.
HENRY. J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNETLAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
to Fifth st. opposite Lincoln ScaooL
. • Telephone . South .Ml
11Ladles' fine kid , ties, -worth Jl 75 for. 60c
a pair at the Boston Shoo Co., 775 Market.*
tions cannot stand unless the Judge finds
that there has been fraud.
"If the heirs win all they can set at the
outside would be the dividends on these
stocks, amounting to 148,000, and tho
shares at the cost of $25,000 which was
paid for them. ¦ •
"The Bank Commissioners were sent for
at request of the bank directors. In order
to protect ourselves we requested them to
make the examination."
The statement of Secretary Dunsmoor
shows the following assets and liabilities
and balances of the bank taken at noon
torday: -
Liabilities— Capital stock. $100,000: due de
positors, $24,347 IS; dae banks. $10,63 IS: inter
est collected. $13,75S 30; rent* and exch&oge.
$3429 47: profit and loss. )32S 84: Varney estate
deposit. 1194.J76 76; total. $348,894 71.
Assets— Bank premises. $16,529 05: real estate,
$74,559 99; stocks and bonds. 113.123 23: mort
gages. $133.577 53: loans and discounts. 1100.
515 37: cash. $3434 37; due from banks. $7029 51;
furniture, $1064 65; expenses. $5568 30; other as
sets. $2162 71; total. $346,894 71.
The funeral of Cashier Pitcher was held
from the late residence to-day tinder di
rection of Mosaic Lodge No. 218, F. and A.
M. The schools were closed and th«
stores were shut during the services,
which consisted of the Masonic ritual, cel
ebrated by the following lodge officers:
Master. J. O. McKown; senior warden. W.
J. Gonnell; junior warden. H. C. Petray;
senior deacon. C. F. Mess; Junior deacon,
William Taylor; stewards, R. Hunter and
S. L. Savage: treasurer. George E. Ken
nedy; secretary, F. R. Fassett.
The residence was crowded with mourn
ers. The remains were escorted to the 2
o'clock train for San Francisco, being met
at the Oakland ferry by a delegation from
Golden Gate Commandery, Knights Tem
plar. The remains were Incinerated in
the Odd Fellows' crematory. The Liver
more Masons who accompanied the body
to the city were: Reuben Hunter. Rev.
Arthur Hicks. W. H. Wright. Hiram
Bailey, J. M. Teeter and J. O. McKown,
The pallbearers were: John Beck. F. R.
Fassett. Wendell Jordan. H. C. Petray. A.
Blstorius and James Anderson.
The Coroner's Jnry to-night, at Llver
more found that Pitcher committed sul
•dde while temporarily Insane. The In
quest was conducted by Coroner Mehr
: mann. who summoned the following Jury:
A. Blstorlus, W. H. Taylor. H. R. Crane,
A. D. Smith. M. E. Horton. A- L. Henry
and C. E. Beck.
Varney Case Continued.
Mrs. Pitcher returned to Berkeley to
night, where she denied that she had re
ceived or heard of any letter from her
husband. It is not expected she will re
turn to Llvermore. Her husband's estate
Is not large. There is a house and lot at
Livermore and some life Insurance, be
sides the stocks now In dispute.
You can't judge &¦ man's bank account
by the fit of his coat.
"The Peace Conference," a
remarkable poem by Madge
Morris! Illustrated with a full-
page drawing by Methfessel.
This will be one of the most
artistic pages ever published
and a revelation in what can
be done by the most up-to- '
date halftone processes and
presswork. We challenge
I comparison! Ge^ the Easter
edition of The Call— out next
Sunday— or you will miss
something really great.
>-4>-+-Q-*~Q-+-. Q> -•- -?- $-?-$-•-?-?-$ w
"You knew it. Mr. Knight, when you
walked down the street with me, arm in
arm, and said, 'Have patience and you
will get the $500,000 compromise as soon as
the trust business Is settled.' And Mr.
Lloyd came to me driving a bargain for
$250,000. You told me you would cut my
throat.if I exposed my secret." •";•
Here Knight's patience, temper and
self-control whistled down the, wind, and
with the memory of thearm-in-arm two
step prodding him, he ejaculated:
, "Forgive me for that."
"Me, too." cried the witness.
"Oh, I never feared you. but I did your
daughter," shouted back the attorney,
and at that remark Mrs. Craven craved
the protection of the court and demanded
an apology.
"Lots or fun," interjected Lafe Pence.
"Tell it all."
"Whom are you laughing at?" shouted
Knight. "We'll make a circus of you be
fore long and nail the witness to that trip
at Sausalito, you can bet."
Symposium of Apologies.
¦ Then the court was brought Into the
battle and In mild speech Judge Troutt
adjured Knight to lestraln his impetuos
ity and hold the peace. But it was only
a lull in the storm. Everybody was look-
Ing for apologies— the Witness, the court
and attorneys. The tempest broke out
with renewed force a moment later, when
Lafe Pence arose to object to one of
Knight's questions. Referring to all the
other attorneys on the Fair side and
snubbing Knight, Pence provoked the
latter to say:
"I don't propose to* be insulted by a
fugitive from Colorado. I want to apolo
gize to the court and I will exercise my
privilege, sir."
"We do not doubt the duty of it." said
Charles Pence, and then the court took
a hand in the game, spreading oil upon
the seething waters. When Judge Troutt
had finished and the session was finished.
Knight, with his apology, begging for
utterance, arose for the last time. He
admitted that his remark about Lafe
Pence and the refugee Insinuation was
unwarranted, as it was without founda
tion, but his ardor had not yet cooled and
led his tongue into another tangle. "Ire
gret that I said Mr. Pence was a fugitive
from justice."
This was as far as Knight got.
"Had you said that," replied Charles
Pence, "you would not now be making
apologies."
Then irate Mr. Knight went into an ex
planation of his motive for apologizing,
impressing the fact that it was not for
any other reason than. a deep respect for
the gracious court. The tempest in the
teapot had simmered over, ending with
a call from Mrs. Craven for an apology,
which Knight, with a stamp of his foot,
flatly refused. Pence offered an apology
to the court and said henceforth he would
look upon Mr. Knight as an attorney.
Mrs. Craverl then Iterated her demand
for an apology* from Knight, but all she
got was: "Never, woman, as long as I
live." .
. The case adjourned at noon and will
be continued at 2 o'clock to-day, when
Judge Slmpton will be placed upon the
stand.
ADVEBTISEMEIITS.
Geo* Knight and
Lafe Pence Mix
Up in a War
of Tongues*
New Document Ad
mitted Which Bears
Sylva's Signature
and Causes That
Witness to Shake
in His Testimony*
IN the cne hour and a half session of
the Fair trial yesterday morning there
was more excitement and "hot air"
emanating from attorneys' mouths
than In all the preceding days of a
wearisome and seemingly never end-
Ing trial. Not only was the testimony of
a lively order, but a long distance vocal
¦duel between the Pences and George
Knight put ginger into the morning pro
ceedings and called for a judicial repri
mand, as gentle, soft and qufet in tone as
the cyclonic tongue demonstrations of the
attorneys were fierce and wild.
New Paper Introduced.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven and Adolph Sylva
were the witnesses of the day. the former
furnishing' the motive of the breathless
.and bloodless "cattle; the latter a break in
his former story In regard to the $200
check which he testified was delivered to
lilm by Mrs. Craven in his own house at
Causalito on the occasion of her first visit.
Lafe Pence produced a document yester
day which slumped the witness for a time.
On Its face it is a one-sided contract,
signed by A. Sylva, to act as counsel for
the petitioner under the direction of her
leading counsel. The petitioner avers that
the document represents the receipt which
gylva gave her for the $200 check, and
nothing else. The paper reads as follows:
In tho Superior Court, State of California,
City and County of San Francisco.
Fair vs. "Fair.
1 do hereby consent end agree to appear and
act as counsel and attorney for. plaintiff, N. R.
Fair, in eaid action, and from this date to de
vote my abilities as counsel in such branch of
th« case as may !¦<- assigned to me by leading
counsel for plaintiff until the final detemina
tion of euch suit in consideration of a certain
fiEreement of even date herewith between said
Mrs. X. K. Fair and myself. A. SYLVA.
!">.»<»<* An~ii«t 1 ISM
Svlva Breaks Pace
Sylva was handed the paper for Identi
fication, but he refused to state positively
one way or the other whether he had seen,
read or signed it. His memory was not so
keen and sharp in regard to this instru
ment as in other testimony which he
reeled off the spindle in his first cross
examination. Pence harassed the witness
in an attempt to secure an admission of
the exact verbiage of the receipt which
Brlrm gave Mrs. Craven for the $L'OJ check.
The latter would not commit himself as
to the expressions used, confessing that
several provisions very similar to those
in the document the petitioner's attorneys
ptrwntefl yesterday may have been in
serted in the receipt. Sylva even displayed
a disinclination to admit that the signa
ture warn his own. saying that when it was
proved he would acknowledge and not be
fore that.
The instrument on its face purports to
have been signed by Sylva and its date
appears at first view to be that of August
1, 1i.99. the day prior to the first meeting
between Sylva and Mrs. Craven in Sausa
lito. The abbreviation of "first" in the
document is not clear nor is it written leg
ibly. If the paper is what its face shows
and the date is correct it is undeniable
evidence that Sylva was prepared for Mrs.
The man who has never made a fool of
himself doesn't appreciate sympathy., !
CHAMPAGNE VALUES.
The Standard of Champagne Quality
Is Pommery.
In the manufacture of which only the
first pressing of selected grapes is used.
The subsequent pressings not being up to
the standard adopted ; by the house jof
Pommery are disposed of In various ways.
This is one of the many reasons why
Pommery Champagne commands . the
highest price the world : over. ,-
Although Pommery Champagne Is sold
at wholesale in New "York for from $2 to
$5 per case more than, other champagnta;
it is g^nerally^ retailed ;in clubs,' hotels
and. .restaurants at the same price per bot
tlo as cheaper priced wines. •
A man sees stars when struck on tha
head— probably because It makes him sora
aloft.
cared for him at her lodging-house, the
Baldwin Annex. She says that she fed
h.lm and provided him with ¦ a place to"
sleep; that even when he took her ma.
restaurant for their meals she always had
to foot the bills. He had no income-pro
ducing property, but, she says, he did
occasionally receive remittances from the
East. Who sent them or why were •sub
jects upon which she had no information.
Every document, paper or communica
tion that might shed light on the condi
tion of the old man's affairs disappeared
with him. He left nothing in his trunk
where he kept his belongings except a
bunch of old checks drawn on the account
of F. W. Kreling & Sons. His trunk had
been filled with letters, deeds and docu
ments. Now it is empty.
Said He Was Unhappy.
Kreling left here a week ago Friday
night on the steamer Dauntless. Antone
Pfeiffer. an old-time acquaintance, and
his son were on the same boat. They
conversed with the old man until the boat
reached Antloch. where they got off. For
some minutes before the landing was
made they were busy getting their hand
luggage together, and after the boat
reached the wharf did not notice Kreling.
The last they, saw of him he was seated
in a chair near the door of the purser's
stateroom. For all they are able to say
to the contrary, he might have gone
ashore ahead -of them or Immediately af
terward. Certain It Is that G. E.'Cam
eron, who was acting as purser that
night, did not see any one near, his cabin
door when he came out after the boat
tiM up at the wharf.
On the trip up « Kreling . confided to
Pfelffer that he was unhappy and never
wanted to see San Francisco again. When
the boat passed the -place- near Mare
Island where his son ..William was
drowned some years ago he became very
much agitated, and in melancholy tones
said he often wondered if he would meet
a similar fate and Inquired whether
drowning was an -easy death. .-,
The fact that his once princely fortune
had dwindled away. until in his declining
years he was almost dependent upon
others for ' sustenance seemed to prey
upon his mind. - . ¦ ' . *
"He told me he had not slept for two
weeks," said Mr. Pfeiffer, "and appeared
to be a little confused in his. mind. ' • •
From the time Kreling was seen on tho
Dauntless as she neared Antioch his
movements are matters of speculation and
conjecture. The Weber was at the wharf
when the Dauntless arrived. The theory
is that Kreling got' off the Stockton
bound boat, and boarded the Weber.
Was Not Seen on 'the Weber.
If he fell or Jumped, over the side of
the vessel as she was feeling . her way
through the fog near the Berkeley shore
early next morning the suction would
have drawn his body toward - the huge
paddle wheel at the' stern. 'A blow from
one Of - the ponderous blades would- have
caused the wound over the heart which.
*-i|-;HE theory of murder, with robbery
Jj as a motive, which was advanced by
J^ the Berkeley Coroner as a solution
of the mysterious death of F. W.
Kreling, is gradually losing its force, and
recent developments in the case point
strongly toward accident or suicide, with
the paddle wheel of the river steamer
Captain Weber as the engine of slaughter.
There Is no longer a question that Krel
ing left San Francisco a week ago Friday
night on the Stockton steamer Dauntless.
He was seen aboard the boat . as far as
Antioch. where the craft tied up at the
wharf alongside the Captain Weber, bound
cityward. The most plausible theory is
that the old man got off the steamer to
purchase some refreshments at a saloon
on the dork and became mixed In his bear-
Ings and boarded the Weber Instead of the
Dauntless. The boat was lost In the fog
the following morning on the trip down
and drifted near the Berkeley shore.
where forty-eight hours later Kreling's
body was found. From circumstances sur
rounding the case it Is more than likely
that he fell or Jumped overboard, was
struck over the heart by the paddle wheel
and instantly killed.
The absence of his watch, cuff-buttons
and papers, considered in connection with
Kreling's characteristics and disposition,
would strengthen the suicide theory some
what. At first the circumstances of the
missing property formed the basis of the
suspicion of murder and robbery, but in
ail the journey from San Francisco to
Antioch and the return to the scene of
death there was absolutely no opportunity
for thugs to operate. It was not impossi
ble, however, fcr the proud old man in
an effort to conceal his identity and spare
his relatives the sorrow and sting of
knowing that he had sought a suicide's
grave, to cast his valuables into the bay.
Did He Seek Surcease From Trouble.
It is certain that he led his relatives and
friends to believe he was going East for
an extended stay, when, as a matter of
fact, he did not have money enough to
buy a ticket. That his plans to take a
river steamer were not formed on the spur
of the moment is also reasonably certain.
That he took the steamer in carrying out
some definite plan is almost sure. Wheth
er that plan was to seek surcease from
trouble that had been heaped upon him
by seemingly endless litigation with mem
bers of his family or whether he sought to
escape from hiß relatives and the scene of
triumphs and trials and In fleeing found
death will probably remain among the
mveterles of the peculiar case.
First of all, the story that the old man
never carried less in his pockets than a
couple of hundred dollars In coin does not
agree with the statements of Mrs. Hen
rUtta Kreling, his daughter-in-law, who
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
; 1118 Broadway, April 10.
THE fullest examination of the books
and accounts of the Bank of Llver
more has failed to reveal the slight
est suspicion of a shortage. Such
was the official statement made at Liver
more this evening by Secretary C. H.
Dunsmoor of the Bank. Commissioners.
This development only tends to compli
cate the conditions surrounding the sui
cide of Henry H. Pitcher, the cashier and
manager of the Institution.
The dead financier's friends have come
to the front with the theory that Pitcher
had been wrought to a high pitch of ner
vous strain over the Varney estate con
test, and rather than go through the 6r
deal. of further extensive investigation of
the admittedly irregular transactions In
the Varney estate stocks had on a sudden
impulse decided to end his life.
) There are some circumstances which
point. to possible premeditation on the
part 'of Pitcher Sunday evening for his
deed. He carried home. from the bank a
pistol used there for protection- of em
ployesand with that shot himself. Some
time during the same evening Pitcher
mailed a document- to his, wife' in: Berke
ley.-. The letter reached the Berkeley post
office this morning .while Mrs. Pitcher was
in- Livermore attending : her. husband's
funeral.. , , .- . ? ."
That he was greatly harassed mentally
over j the .Varney case ; was known to his
associates, 1 ' although ' none in ¦ Llvermore
nor in Oakland will admit that he gave
the slightest ground for suspicion that he
would end' his life. On the surface he ap
peared confident that he, would win out in
the contestr although the affair was drag
ging ' him into the ¦ light of unfavorable
criticism, a situation repugnant to his
oversensitive temperament.
I Standing a3 he had for many years the
leader in Livermore's affairs, the extreme
shock- to his overweening pride was more
thamhis nature could stand. • Such is the
analysis his friends make'of Henry, Pitc
her's suicide.* 'r :',''- '. - ' . - :,7
On the i other hand his co-trustees and
his legal advisers declare that ' even ,were
the contestants in theJVarney suit to win
all \ their, demands' the .financial blow to
Pitcher would not be more than he could
stand. They assert that at best the heirs
who , are * suing - could . only.; expect ;. to , re
cover >; the ¦: dividends ; paid .- upon :the . bank
stock y and j Kennedy ¦ mine .; stock ; . of •> the
estate - that was purchased by -.the s trus
tees, <• besides, •of . course, . the stock ¦ itself
reverting to the estate after the ; trustees
were- paid back what it cost them.;! The
theory.iof defense impressed upon Pitcher
by his attorneys was that the heirs could
not break down the ¦¦ trust, unless actual
fraud were shown, and he had appeared
to accept the situation. ¦ ¦
Afraid at the Last Minute.
That he was afraid at the last minute
to face the court Is satisfactorily demon
strated to the people of Llvermore in his
conduct. Pitcher spent the early evening
of Sunday on his return from conference
with his lawyers, in the bank with As
sistant Cashier Fred Mathieson. Together
they worked up the statements and got
out the books which the cashier was to
use on Monday in court. , When he went
out about 10:30 o'clock he took the revol
ver with him. That evening the letter
to Mrs. Pitcher was sent. The contents of
the envelope, which was of commercial
size, have yet to be made public by the
wife, whose departure yesterday evening
for Livermore prevented" her from re
ceiving it.
While Pitcher's friends scoff at the
theory that he shot himself because he
was alarmed over the outcome of the lit
igation,'they are greatly concerned over
the deed because of the awkward position
in which, Trustees John Taylor and T. H.
B. Varney Jr. are left. Knowing that the
dead cashier was a shrewd and thorough
man of business they find themselves at a
loss to explain why -he could have com
mitted the deed at a time when he was
needed pre-eminently to assist In unravel
ing the tangle of the Varney trust.
' The bank, the trust and the estate are
practically one. All of'the fundsof the
Varney estate, save $100,000 loaned on the
Garcia ranches and some real estate in
San Francisco, are in the bank. Thomas
Varney, the founder, started it with $100,
000, and $196,000 more of, the money ha 3
since gone in and has been used in the
business of the bank. It is therefore to
the interest of both sides to maintain the
integrity of the • bank. If the contesting
heirs should succeed in breaking the trust
the bank would fall to them, according to
the theory of their counsel. '
The possibility of seeing the institution
which he had builded pass out of his
hands, with all that is meant by the suc
ceeding loss of standing, was a strong ele
ment, it is believed, in bringing about the
self-chosen death of the cashier.
With the onslaught of experts at the
bank to-day there was a steady outgo of
deposits. About $20,000 was paid out to
day, making, a total of $40,000 withdrawn
by depositors since Pitcher's suicide. The
total deposits, outside -of the Varney es
tate were $64,000, hence nearly two-thirds
has been taken out. , The ¦ bank, however,
has $10,000 more than is necessary to meet
all individual. depositors' demands.
Proceedings at the Bank.
When, the' bank ] opened ¦? this - morning
temporary Cashier Charles G. Reed .of
the .Union -National Bank was installed,
as was Secretary Henry B. Varney, both
having --been elected by: the board of di
rectors to fill the vacancy caused by the
suicide of Pitcher," who was secretary,
manager and cashier— ln fact, the bank,
because Trustees T. H. B. Varney and
MURDER THEORY
SEEMS TO FALL
Blow From the Blade of a Paddle
Wheel May Have Caused
Kreling's Death.
Evidently He Fell Into the Bay From Steamer
Weber While She Was Lost in the Fog
Near the Berkeley Shore.
PITCHER'S DEATH
STILL A MYSTERY
Livermore Banker Said to Have
Written a Farewell Letter to
His" Wife at Berkeley.
Apprehensions of a Run on the Bank Not
Realized Owing to Precautions— A Com
missioner's Statement.
according to the Berkeley physicians,
produced death.
None of the officers or deckhands on
the Weber noticed Kreling board the boat
nor do any of them remember having
seen a man answering his description on
the trip down. This has no particular
bearing on < the case, however, as the
travel between Antloch and San Fran
cisco on the river steamers is quite large.
Kreling's room at the Baldwin Annex
had been occupied between the time his
bed was made Friday morning and the
following day. This convinced his daugh
ter-in-law that the old man was still in
the city Saturday morning and could not
possibly .have been on the Dauntless.
Later she called to mind that he was in
the habit of taking a nap during the
•afternoons and on those occasions dis
robed as if he were going to bed for the
night. • .
The remains have been brought to this
city and will be buried at the expense of
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling.
BERKELEY. April 10.— The Inquest on
the body of F. W. Kreling will be con
tinued at Berkeley on Thursday, when it
is hoped, that some direct evidence will
have been found pointing to the cause of
death.-" ¦ • • ' „
The officials of the Coroner s office main
tain positively that the man died from
foul play. The results of their examina
tions have been given to the police of San
Francisco and Oakland for use.
The theory held by, the Alameda County
officials is that Mr. Kreling fell. into. the
hands of some one bent upon robbery;
that he was lured into some San Fran
cisco den, probably on the water front,
where he was drugged. The : blow that
caused death was then struck with the in
tention of aiding the robbery, but not
necessarily with the intention of causing
death. The blow was more severe than
was at first Intended, and Mr. Kreling
being an old man death resulted from the
shock. Becoming frightened at the result
of their act, it is believed that the body
was thrown into the bay, where it drifted
upon the Berkeley -shore owing to the
strong wind which .was- blowing at the
time. • - . . . .
• "Mr. Krellng met hi* death as the re
sult of foul play." said Dr. H. N. Rowel!,
the -health officer. "He certainly was not
drowned. ' There are many signs' to be
found in the lungs and other organs of a
body where death came by drowning.
There was not a single one of the many
signs of drowning that are known to
medical science present in the body of Mr.
Kreling. Death undoubtedly resulted
from the shock of the blow upon the
upper portion of the chest. That blow
fractured the collar-bone and ruptured.-. a
lot of the blood vessels and tissues around
the heart. To my mind It looks like; a
case of murder."'
Deputy- Coroner Streightif^ got • Into
trouble with the reporter of a morning
paper to-day in connection with the case
yesterday. The Deputy Coroner was ac
cused of withholding news, which he de
nied. Words grew hot, until Streightlf
struck . the newspaper man, whereupon
Streightif was arrested and turned over
to Deputy Marshal Kearns. • v-i'
John Taylor were merely advisers. Be
sides these. Expert Accountant W. Stew
art, representing both sides of the Varney
contest, was on hand, and Secretary
Dunsmoor of the Bank Commissioners ar
rived soon afterward. Shipments of gold
from the Bank of California were sent
down in time to meet the morning de
mand and all day there was a regular
outgo of money. There was much less
excitement at the bank, however, than on
Monday. One anxious depositor, A. Du
mas, a wine merchant of Llvermore, had
$1500 in the bank. He wavered a long
time before asking for the gold, being
hard pressed by friends, who thought he
should make sure of his standing. As
soon as his account was balanced and
the money passed out to Dumas, he was
satisfied* to hand it back and take away
his bankbook with the new credit entry.
Attorney G. W. Langan, representing
the bank, made a statement to-day of
the position of the trustees. He said:
"There are only two Items the heirs de
veloped to date — first the transaction in
the Kennedy mining stock; second, the
purchase of bank stock by the trustees.
Of the latter Taylor bought ten shares.
T. H. B. Varney, sixty shares, and Pitcher
held one hundred shares, which had been
put in his name by old Thomas Varney
when the bank was organized. Pitcher
was a man in whom Varney had every
confidence and for the first year the
bank's securities were all in Pitcher's
name. The stock had been originally in
these gentlemen's names. After Thomas
Varney's death the trustees said they
would prefer to own the stock themselves
instead of being dummies. Without tak
ing legal advice they bought it. Varney
and Taylor paid cash for their stock and
Pitcher paid $1500 cash, giving a note to
the bank for the remaining $8500. After
the sales of the bank stock the attorneys
were informed and they advised Pitcher
that the action was indelicate.
"Remember, however, that ail of these
transactions were reported in the trus
tees' accounts and were twice approved
by Superior Judge Ellsworth.
"When the Kennedy mine stock was
bought the matter stood in this way:
There was in the estate a block of 5000
shares, which was then valueless. The
trustees were advised by their attorney
that mining stock was an Injudicious in
vestment and acting on that, advice the
trustees tried to sell the stock, but found
no buyers. Finally they decided to take
500 shares each at $3 a share. Taylor tak
ing 100 shares additional for a friend. The
sales started a market for the stock and
3500 shares were taken by outsiders.
Shortly after that a lucky paying streak
was found in the mine and it paid divi
dends for a while up to $20 a share. But
suppose the stock had been held by the
estate, there would have been a com
plaint from the court If It had proved
worthless.
The Action Approved.
"Now. the action having been approved,
all of the testimony about these transac-
Craven's visit and had the paper executed
previous to that occurrence. Sylva had
already testified that he gave Mrs. Craven
but one paper in acknowledgment of the
retainer, but he would not swear yester
day in positive terms that this was an
absolute fact.
Lafe Pence went at Sylva on another
tack, trying to sift his former testimony
in regard to the accusations of jury
bribing in the deed case. Sylva could not
recollect the names of the men who came
to him during the days of the poolselllng
fight. He said that if he had a few days'
time to jog his memory he might furnish
this information to Lafe Pence. For this
reason Sylva will be recalled when he re
covers from the tiring effect of playing a
star engagement on the witness stand.
Battle of Tongues.
When Sylva had been dismissed the de
fense called for Mrs. Craven, who read
ily responded, and once again the peti
tioner was seated in the witness' chair.
Several questions were propounded in re
gard to the yellow document which Mrs.
Craven identified as a paper given to her
the day of her first visit to Sausalito— at
least, it was her best recollection that it
had been handed to her at that time and
was meant as a receipt for the $200 which
she had given Sylva. Knight was at the
helm, and he did not like the way the ship
was going.
"Why did you go, to Sausalito?" he
fairly yelled at the witness.
"I was advised by Mr. Dunand, my at
torney, to employ Mr. Sylva to look up
the records." was the response.
"And it took you from 1892 to 1599 to
realize that you ought to have a protec
tion of the solemnization of your mar
riage and that you owed it to the con
science of your daughter to have this sol
emnization?" came sneeringly from the
attorney's lips.
This provoked a ready and voluble re
sponse that started the engagement of
words.
ATTORNEYS FLING INSULTS WHILE MRS. CRAVEN IS ON
THE STAND.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never falls. Try it. All drugglsU. •
This week we will have on sale the
following lines of NEW GOODS.
SILK AND WOOL FRENCH CHALYS,
SILK GINGHAMS,
SCOTCH AND IRISH PRINTED DIMITIES,
SILK TENNIS FLANNELS,
ALL-WOOL FRENCH PRINTED CHALYS,
FRENCH ORGANDIES,
GENUINE SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNELS,
WHITE FRENCH ORGANDIES
MERCERIZED PRINTED COTTON FOULARDS.
We will also show tills week the Latest Novel-
ties in RIBBONS, GLOVES, NECKWEAR, HO-
SIERY, LACES, FEATHER SCARFS, PARASOLS,
SILK SKIRTS and SILK' WAISTS.
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ACRIMONY OF FAIR CONTESTANTS
BREAKS OUT IN FIERCE INVECTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 11, 1900.
FOUND A MAN
HIDDEN UNDER
HIS BEDSTEAD
Frederick Jackson Has Ex
citing Experience With
The Intruder on Being Discovered
Fulls a Revolver and Threatens
to Kill the Handbook
Man.
Fred Jackson, who earns a living by
making a handbook on the races, had an
exciting: encounter with a lone burglar
early yesterday morning. Shortly after
midnight Jackson went to his room on
Mason street, near O'Farrell, intending to
go to bed. After 1 caching his room he
picked up a copy of The Call which was
lying on a table in his apartments and
started to peruse it. He was smoking a
cigarette at the time, and as the butt fell
out of his hand he proceeded to look
for it.
Failing to find it Jackson- looked. under
the bed and was surprised to discover a
man who pretended to be in a deep sleep.
Suspecting something wrong Jackson
started to call for help, when the burglar
suddenly drew a revolver and threatened
to kill Jackson if he made an outcry.
Jackson after entering the room had
taken out his bank roll, amounting to
sevtral thousand. dollars, and placed it on
the table. When the desperate burglar
commanded him not to make an outcry
or suffer the penalty of being made a
subject for the Coroner Jackson, who is
noted for his sameness, bravely went to
the table and picking up the money start
ed to leave the apartments.
The burglar promptly ordered him to
"shell out" or take a chance of being sent
to the Morgue. With rare presence of
mind. Jackson pleaded with the nocturnal
visitor not to shoot, and. catching him off
his guard, he quickly left the room and
disappeared down the street. Evidently
incensed at Jackson's escape, the bold
crook cut up a new suit of clothes and a
recently purchased hat belonging to the
brave bookman.
After waiting some time. Jackson re
turned to his room and found the burglar
gone. An examination disclosed that he
had got away with a lady's gold watch,
the property of Jackson, which was
prized very dearly by him.
From the description given of the burg
lar by Jackson Detectives Ryan and
ODea of the Southern station, who were
specially detailed on the case by Chief of
Police Sullivan, are convinced that he is
familiar with the premises and knew the
time that Jackson was expected to return
to his room.
Investigation by the detectives revealed
that the burglar formerly occupied a room
in the house and was known as a "bad
man." He always carried a revolver and
was In the habit of displaying it to the
dismay of the other occupants of the
place. Tiring of his strange conduct: the
landlady ordered him to leave, which he
did. Ryan and ODea know, the fellow
and expect to arrest him within the next
twenty-four hours.
MlK^WwWe are ready f° r^s||pwl>
AN^^JU| Some pretty sUt,|,es-| Pw 1 / \
j^XjJn 1 tions for foot wear | j n?v|i|\
12