example to the peoplo of the Transvaal
capacity and the scene was most impres
sive. President Kruger, In his speech
opening the session, alluded feelingly to
the vacancies. Referring to General Jou
bert. he said:
"Future generations will be able to
Judge the work of the deceased, who*e de
meanor Inspired the enemy with respect
and whose humane and brave conduct
gave fame and Importance to the state
among civilized nations."
He was profoundly struck, he said, with
the .proof of sincere friendship given by
the people of the Free State, who had ful
filled their obligation to the Transvaal
under the treaty. They realized that a
united front was required, as an attack
upon the independence of the Trans
vaal meant the threatening of the
Free State. . Ho . had Implicit con
fidence in the future of the Afrikander
nations. By deeds the Free State had
shown, tho President declared, a good
The Raadzaal tras crowded to Its fullest
IMPRESSIVE SCENES IN
THE TRANSVAAL CONGRESS
PRETORIA. May 7.— The official closing
of the 1SS9 Volksraad. which broke up un
officially in September last, took place to
das*. The vacant f*eatis of General Jou
bert and General de Koch and others were
filled with flowers. The hall was crowded,
a large number of ladies being present.
In the prayer of the chaplain an allu
tlon to General Joubert moved many to
tears. After the prayer the Raad ad
journed to the afternoon, when the ses
eion of 19C0 was inaugurated. The cere
monies were accompanied by the custom
ary salute. President Kruger arrived in
kthe state carriage with the usual escort.
All the diplomatist* and foreign attaches,
Including General Gourko, the Russian
attache, were pr'yscnt. -
LONTK3X. May 9. 4:10 a. m. — Four thousand British cavalry watered their horses at Zand River Monday, twenty-five
miles beyond Smaldeel, where Lord Roberts continues to date his dispatches. The scouts who have been searching
the country for miles along the stream have found no Boers south of the river. The Boers are laagered In un
known force en the north bank. Thus the British advance guard is within forty-five miles of Kroonstad.
The Fr&e Staters in the expectation that Kroonstad will speedily become untenable are, according to informa
tion fmm Lourenzo Marques, preparing to transfer their government to Heithbroh, a little more than fifty miles northeae:.
The proclamations of Lord Roberts appear to have little effect upon the inhabitants of the invaded districts. Every farm
is found deserted except by the wonven and children. All the men are awo.y fighting.
Correspondents at headquarters are now wiring freely concerning the incidents connected with the occupation of
Emaldcel. Some exasperation is expressed at the ease with which the Boers escaped with their transports before the
very eyes of the British. For instance, worn the British entered Smaldeel the Boer ox wagons coolly out-spanned only
five miles away, as if In contempt of the ability of the British to overtake them.
I-ord RoiKJits is described as rightly "unwilling to sacrifice his horse* for the sake of a comparatively minor ad
vantage." Nevertheless, the waste of horsefle?h, in spite of all precautions, is enormous. Smaldeel is a village of a
ecore of dwellings, but it expanded into a vast canvas city, and the glow of the camp fires look like a scene in an iron-
Eme.Iting district. The city is likely to fade away In a day by the immediate progress of the infantry to Zand River
The tld!ng3 from Mafeking are gloomier than ever. Everybody there has an empty stomach and a pinched face. The
natives are no longer given porridge, and the whites now have but a quart of that substance and a pound of horse sau
sage daily. Everything e !»e eatable has gone. Insufficient food, wet trenches and cold nights are deadly to the health
of the eurrison. This information comes from reliable natives. Lady Sarah Wilson, under date of April 27, says: "The
Boers now number 4500, including young Eloff. President Kruger's grandson, who has sent for six more guns."
The Xlafeking correspondent of the Times, who also emphasizes the extreme gravity of the situation says- "It
Is lmpcERlDle to ignore the fatal significance of Colonel Baden-Powell's reference to tne hardships endured by the women
and children, among whom many deaths have already occurred. The commissariat is holding a certain stock of food
stuffs in reserve for use In the direst extremity."
The British aclumn is reported to hive reached Tauncs. thirty miles north of Warrenton. According to Pretoria ad
vices the British arc n^arlng Vryburg. which is half way between Warrenton and Mafeking. General Hunter Is probably
liot :n personal connaand of this relief column. His forces* embrace 20,000 infantry and from five to six thousand horsemen
an army far greater than has hitherto been supposed. Lord Methuen is apparently a subordinate. While the relief col
umn Is moving toward Vryburg General Hunter Is apparently preparing an orderly advance northeast along the Vaal
River to participate in the Pretoria advance as Lord Roberts' left flank.
Capo Town correspondents iwn that an important movement in Natal la expected within the next four days. General
Duller Is rapidly completing his transport organization. " '
The President cf the Transvaal Volksraad reiterates President Kruger's undiminished tenacity of purpose. In the
course of debate he said that should be be sent to St. Helena the republican cause. would still go on. Generals Luis Botha
end Lucas Meyer are in Pretoria, consult r.g wl^h the Volksraad.
A dispatch from Maseru. B.irutoland. dated Tuesday, May 8, Fays: "Lord Roberts' rapid advance has confused tha
Boers who are holding the roads between Wepener and Clocolan. along which a continuous stream of wagons and cattle has
been proceeding northward for days. On Monday some of those countermarches and the herds got into an Inextricable
muddle, the Bo< n? not knowing which way to turn." *. ¦ ¦ *«_«-*uie
The Second Battalion went out later, and under Colonel G. H. Bullock did great service with Gen
eral Buller's forces in the several attempts to relieve the beleaguered garrison. When success finally
crowned tteir efforts no more cordial greetings were given than those that passed between the twobatch.es
Tfco First and Second Battalions of the Devonshire. Regiment (Eleventh) came together for the first
time in years when General Bulkr's army marched into Ladysmith, and the recognitions and greetings
of old comrades in arms made a very moving spectacle. The First Battalion, under Lieut. Col. J. H. Yule,
who succeeded General Symons at Dundee, and conducted the retreat to Ladysmith, -was in Natal at the
outbreak of the war, having- gone there from India, and, under Colonel 3. W. Park, bore a gallant part in
Sir Georg-e White's masterly defense of that town.
(From the Sphere.)
A GRAND GREETING— AN INCIDENT OF THE NATAL CAMPAIGN.
Big Force on the Way to the beleaguered 1 own,
but the Troops and Inhabitants Cannot
Hold Out Much Longer.
WHILE ROBERTS ADVANCES,
MAFEKING'S FATE WAVERS
MANILA, May 8.— Unofficial' letters re
ceived here state that 3000 insurgents
burned Bulan, In South Luzon, on May 4,
and drove out fifty men of the Forty
seventh . Volunteer , Infantry, garrisoning
the place. They killed many Spanish and
Chinese residents. Last week some Sor
sogon firms, in response to a petition, sent
a steamer to rescue the merchants of Bu
lan, who were expecting the attack.
Details of the affair are meager, but It
is reported the American troops were
forced to take refuge aboard ships and
that a gunboat^ shelled the city while the
rebels looted and burned It.
Bulan had a population of 20,000 and
there were many large commercial estab
lishments located there.
Three Americans Killed and Seven
Wounded Before Reinforcements
Arrive.
MANILA, May 8.—A force of rebels on
BAROTAC GARRISON
ATTACKED BY TAGALOS
Twenty-seven Spaniards, liberated in
Batangas province, arrived in Manila this
morning. : •
?
O-I-H-M ¦!¦¦! I 1-I-^-I-I-i-I-W-i-I-W-H- 1
will enable us to bear the great expense
of the mines, and that the mines are
flourishing."
The President concluded with a refer
ence to the Free State loan, and suggest
ed that the session be not prolonged, and
that only matters of Importance be dealt
with. ,He Invoked the blessing and help
of the Almighty.
The proceedings terminated with unus
ually impressive speeches and prayers.
Fifty out of a total of sixty legislators
were present, several of them still suffer
ing from wounds. _ j ;. -
MAFEKING YET EXPECTS
RELIEF FROM ROBERTS
LONDON. May 8.— The following dis
patch from Lord Roberts has been re
ceived at the War Office:
"SMALDEEL, May 8.— The railway
from Brandfort to this place has been con
siderably damaged and the bridge, over
the Vet River has been hopelessly dam
aged. This delays supplies coming up.
Every few yards 'charges of rackarock
have been laid under the rails. This
might have created loss of life, but was
fortunately discovered by, a West Aus
tralian Infantryman.
"Wlnburg has been occupied by the
Highland Brigade."
A dispatch from Cape Town, dated to
day, says: "Lord Roberts' phenomenal
advance is not only utterly demoralizing
the Boers but is striking terror to the
rebel colonists. The relief of Mafeking Is
expected at any moment."
The Cape Town correspondent is slight
ly optimistic as regards Mafeking, judg
ing from the direct dispatches, the British
forces south of Mafeking being still nearly
200 miles from their objective, while the
latest advices from Mafeking itself, dated
April 29, show little amelioration in the
conditions there. The dispatches isay:<v:<
"With the exception of a little rifle flre
at the outlying trenches everything , is
quiet. \,The' slight • epidemic of typhoid is
abating as a result of the medical precau
tlons. a. The enemy's artillery, with the ex
ception ; of .two five-pounders, a has appa
rently been withdrawn. It was learned
American Garrison of Fifty
Driven From the
Place. • •
Spanish and Chinese Residents Put to
Death and Buildings Looted
Before the Torcli
Special Dispatch to The Call-
May 2 attacked twenty men of Company
I of the Forty-fourth Regiment, stationed
at Barotac. Hollo province. Island of
Panay. Three of the Americans were
killed and seven were wounded.
The enemy, estimated to . number 400
men, surrounded Barotac and attacked
the place on all sides. After two men
had been killed, and four wounded the
American commander sent four men to
try to get through to communicate ¦ with
the remainder of the company, at Du
mangas. Of the four men one was killed
and three were wounded. The latter man-
April 24 that the enemy Intended to attack
it and the entire garrison stood to its
arms. When day broke Colonel Baden-
Powell took up a position on the lookout,
and the heavy rattle of musketry and the
boom of our guns convinced us that an at
tack was about to occur. But It became
apparent that the Boer officers could not
persuade their men to advance. Through
glasses we saw the officers vainly urging
the infantry forward. The enemy re
formed and retired. Our men fired a shot
in the hope of inducing the enemy to come
to close quarters. '
"The native disquiet has been alleviated,
many of them slipping through the lines.
The men of the garrison forego their
sugar ration for the benefit of the women
and children. After the bombardment
April 24 all was comparatively- quiet.
"The besieged are celebrating the two
hundredth' day of the siege with horse
dinners, and Colonel Baden-Powell sent a
message to Lord Roberts, saying: .'After
two hundred days of siege I desire to
bring to your Lordship's notice the excep
tionally good spirit of loyalty which per
vades all classes of the garrison and the
patience of everybody at Mafeking in
making the best of things under the long
strain of anxiety, hardship and priva
tions, which is beyond all praise' and a
revelation to me. The men, half of whom
are not accustomed to the use of arms,
have adapted themselves to their duties
with .the greatest zeal and readiness. The
pluck and devotion of the women have
been remarkable. With such spirits our
organization runs like clockwork. I havtj
every hope It will pull us through.' "
BOERS BEATEN ON
THE VAAL RIVER
LONDON. May 8.— The War Office has
issued the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts, dated Smaldeel, May 8:
" "General Hutton, with mounted Infan
try, reconnoitered yesterday to the Zand
River and found the enemy In considera
ble • force." General Broadwood's brigade
of cavalry, with General Ian Hamilton's
force/performed the same operation with
much the same' result.
aged to . return to Barotac. A friendly
native finally brought news of the fight
to a company of the Twenty-sixth, who
succored the garrison of Barotac on the
night of May 3. The enemy's losses were
heavy.
'A court-martial, composed of General
Ball (presiding). General Grant and sev
eral colonels, convened to-day at Manila
to try Colonel James S. Pettit of the Thir
ty-flrst Volunteer Infantry on the charge
of violating the sixty-second article of
war In having delivered the captured out
law Juan Ramos to the local authorities
of Zamboanga, island of Mindanao, with,
the result that Ramos was almost Imme
diately killed without trial.
Pedro Paterno, the former president of
the so-called Filipino Cabinet, who was
recently captured in the mountains of
Trinidad, has arrived here and placed In
communicado in the political jail, lie Is
suffering greatly from sickness.
WASHINGTON'. May 8.-The War De
partment has received the following cable
gram:
MANILA. May ?.— General Pantaleon Garcia,
prominent insurgent officer, northern provinces,
captured yesterday, with some valuable docu
ment, by Fuaston's troops. Regard rapture as
Important. ilacAKTHUIt.
"General Hunter reports that he occu
pied Fourteen Streams yesterday without
opposition, owing In a great measure to
the able dispositions made by General
Paget on the left bank of the Vaal River
at Warrenton, where his artillery flre ren
dered the'enemy".i position practically un
tenable. A 6-inch gun was found most
useful.
"As the Sixth and half of the Fifth bri
gades of infantry advanced under cover
of the artillery the enemy retired precipi
tately, abandoning their clothing, ammu
nition and personal effects."
ALLEGED PLOT TO
ASSASSINATE ROBERTS
LONDOX. May 8.— The Standard h#-ars
that information has been offlciallly* re
ceived of a plot to assassinate Lord Rob
erts; that the latter has been warned,
and that telegrams are now passing be
tween the Cape authorities. Lord Roberta
and the home authorities on the subject.
The Secretary for the
War Office, Mr. Wyndham. informs the
Associated Presa that the War Office has
no information tending to confirm the re
ports of an alleged plot to assassinate
Lord Roberts.
SIEGE OF MAFEKING.
LOURENZO MARQUE3. Sunday. May
6.— A dispatch received here from Colonel
Plumer's camp, bearing date April 26,
states that, the Boers -around Mafeking
have been gradually reinforced and their
strength is estimated at 3000.
Colonel Plumer has succeeded in com
municating with Mafeking by means of
carrier pigeons and Is endeavoring to
communicate with the southern relief
column.
AT POUBTEE1X STREAMS.
WARRENTON. Cape Colony, May 3.—
A British camp is now being formed at
Fourteen Streams. The old railroad
bridge can be repaired In a week. A Boer
prisoner say9 the burghers, who number
10,000 men, are now on their way to Chris
tiana.
LUZON REBELS CAPTURE AND BURN BULAN
"I believe that United States Couit
Commissioner Heacock is right in the
remarks quoted in this morning"3
Call. There should be a check to ths
incursions of these coolie contract
laborers under the guise of nativa
born citizens of the United States,
and they should be examined on
board the steamer before they have
an opportunity of communicating
¦with, their friends on shore."
In speaking yesterday of the new and
important phase of the crusade, United
States District Attorney Coombs said:
If United States District Attorney
Coombs carries his point another blow
will have been dealt in the Chinese traffic
In this city. The yellow "citizens" will
not be admitted at this port, as United
States Commissioner Heacock has proved
beyond any question that he is scrupu
lously careful In the examination of Chi
nese.
sons" before Collector Jackson. If the
cases go into court in the manner which
the District Attorney now demands this
highly favored "lawyer." for whom the
Collector shows such friendship, could do
nothing, as he cannot practice In tha
United States courts.
Frank L. Coombs, the United States District Attorney.
Chinese witnesses to the penitentiary for
perjury.
If the officials of the Chinese Bureau,
who are under the direction of Collector
of the Port Jackson, and subject to hl3
decisions, refuse to do as District Attor
ney Coombs asks, then the District Attor
ney says he will present the entire matter
to the Department of Justice at Wash
ington. He will show how the ends of
Justice are being defeated by the refusal
of the Collector of the Port to examine
all Chinese immigrants and will ask for
an immediate remedy.
It is difficult to understand the position
taken by Collector of the Port Jackson.
After admitting more than 3000 "native
sons," he suddenly arrived at the conclu
sion that he had no right to do so and re
fused to handle any more cases. lie was
very well aware that a better plan, which
would assist and not cripple the United
States courts in their efforts to keep out
these contract laborers, Is to take the
statements of the "native sons"- as weH'aa
of the others, and then remand the
''coolie citizens", to the United States
courts. This Is the simplest and only
straightforward course to take. It would,
for example, make at least one member of
the ring seek another field of usefulness.
This attorney has had marvelous success
In handling and landing Chinese "native
were united in endeavoring, to . alleviate
the distress caused by the struggle.
After references ;, to alleged violations of
the Red Cross convention and to the
consequent 'protests;' of foreign powers,
President Kruger" continued : - /--.
/ '.'Notwithstanding ; the difficult circum
stances 1 am g.Ud to say that our. finances
Riotous proceedings began almost im
mediately. When the company tried to
take cars out from the various barns of
the system the non-union men who had
undertaken the task were Immediately
surrounded and urged not to make the
attempt. If they persisted the cars were
surrounded by a howling mob, and as if
by magic sticks and stones filled the air,
forcing the men In charge to desert their
posts. During 'the fusillade windows in
the cars were, broken, while their sides
wouM be scarred and dented by the mis
siles. At first the storm centers were con
fined to these remote points. By and by
a few cars managed to slip away from
the crowds around the power houses and
car barns and made their way downtown.
Then the theater of activity was trans
ferred to Washington avenue. Locust
street and other downtown thoroughfares.
The same tactics were resorted to down
town that had proved so efficacious about
the barns. A crowd would surround each
car and while the boys and young men
would shout "scab" and "cheap crew"
at the motorman and conductor from fur
ther back In the throng would come a
volley of rocks and bricks, smashing the
windows and frightening the men In
charge from their posts. The most serious
personal Injuries sustained up to nightfall
were received in riots of this character,
which took place on Washington avenue,
from Sixth to Eighth streets. In one of
them a hoy was shot by a non-union con
ductor who was trying to push his car
through the crowd. In the fracas further
down a motorman was seriously Injured
by a brick thrown by some one in the
crowd.
A man was shot at Grand and Franklin
avenues to-night and still another man
was shot at 9 o'clock to-night near the
crossing of the suburban tracks on Tay
lor avenue.
As a suburban car was crossing Taylor
avenue a big crowd gathered. Some one
pulled the trolley from the wire and this
act so enraged a passenger, at present un
known, that he drew a revolver and
fired three shots into tho crowd. Bert
Gilbert, a barkeeper, an onlooker, received
one bullet in the arm and another in the
lung. He was taken to the City Hos
pital, where his wounds were pronounced
mortal.
The police were powerless to-day In the
face of the mob, which was augmented
at noon by thousands of clerks from
business houses and workmen from the
factories. Many . women, also, gathered
with the crowds. Boys and young men,
most of whom had no connection with the
strikers whatever, furnished most of the
noise and did a largo amount of the mis
chief downtown. There were compara
tively few of the strikers lrr the mob and
many of those who appeared most zeal
ous in the cause of the street railway men
were animated by no more ferocious feel
ing than the love of excitement.
Vehicles of all sorts were pressed into
service to-day by the citizens of the
town in getting to and from business.
Chairman Samuel W. Lee of the na
tional executive board, the man who Is
conducting the strike, said to-day that the
union was satisfied with the results of the
strike, '
"We struck to tie up the system." he
said, "and we have succeeded. The
company has precipitated this crisis .by its
refusal to treat with us. We are ready
at any time to: do our part toward set
tling the differences between us and the
company." \
Mr. Lee said he did riot know what the
strikers would do if the company should
hire new men. .The union claims > that
about 3400 men are out and that they rep
resent about 90 per cent of the transit
company's employes. .
ST. LOUIS. May 8.— The employes of
the St. Louis Transit Company,
numbering about SCOO men, made
good to-day their threat to tie up
the street railway traffic of the city.
In doing s«o they not only paralyzed the
business of the company, which operates
all the electric and cable roads in the
city, with the « xception of tho?e owned
by the St. Louis and Suburban Railway
Company, on which a .strike has been in
progress for two weeks past, but brought
matters . to a standstill in half a dozen
other lines of business ad well. It was
the most complete tie-up ever seen In St.
Louis. •¦•.-¦.¦"-- .-.,.'„ ..-v.-r-.r >; ;,-.«- -.,.~,;-.
During the Attempts to
Run Cars Mobs Assail
the New Employ es, and
There Is a Long List
of Casualties.
RECORD OF A DAY'S RIOTS.
ST. LOUIS, May 8.— Appended is
a partial list of those injured to
day in the riots attending the
streetcar strike:
Conductor Steve Sellers, Subur
ban line; eye knocked. out.
Joe Kohrlng: shot by Conductor
McClellan at TMrteenth street and
Washington avenue; not serious.
John Caruth, xnotorman Bellefon
tein line; struck in face with brick.
John Granath, driver; slightly '
hurt in a coll'.slon. V
The following arrests have been
reported: Conductor. George H. Mc-
Clellan, for shooting Joe Kohring; ¦
Holmes Doyle, Union line motor
man, fcr rioting; Willie Rickey, 14 ¦
years, stone throwing;' unknown
roan, refused to give name; John ¦
Walsh, 13 years, stone throwing;
Charles Senne, 14 years; Frank -
Tule, 18 years, stone throwing;
Henry Beck, — McMahon, James •
Kelly.
Employes of St. Louis
Streetcar Lines Tie
Up the Traffic of
ANOTHER triumph has been won
in the crusade made by The Call
against the wholesale Importation
of ChineEe coolie contract labor
ers, who are swarming Into this
port in the guise of native-born citizens
of the United States. After mature de
liberation United States District Attorney
Frank L. Coombs Intends to take a hand
in the desperate game which the Chines©
ring, notwithstanding exposure and the
probability of worse consequences, con
tinues to play. District Attorney Coombs
intends to demand that Collector of the
Port John P. Jackson, through the
Chinese Bureau, examine every Chinese
who applies for admission to the United
States at this port. Each coolie shall be
examined and his statements be taken
before he leaves the ship upon which he
arrives.
Mr. Coombs says that the time has come
for him to use every endeavor to prevent
the gross frauds which are being per
petrated and to assist the United States
courts in the Berlous business of handling
the "native son" cases. The decision of
Collector Jackson not to consider "na
tive son" cases has given the scheming
lawyers, their Chinese middlemen and
perjured witnesses time and opportunity
In which to coach the yellow "natives."
Collector Jackson has done even more
than this to make possible the cheating of
the Federal laws. He has left the United
States courts absolutely without any tes
timony with which to trap the incoming
coolie3 and involve their Chinese wit
nesses in the contradictions which follow
from perjured and manufactured testi
mony. The door has been thrown wide
open to frauds of the grossest kind, and
District Attorney Coombs says that he
will do all in his power to close It.
He intends to demand of the officials of
the Chinese Bureau that they take a de
tailed, critical statement from every Chi
nese immigrant before he leaves the ves
sel upon which he arrives. Those Chinese
that claim to be_ ''iTAt'vV *onVY will then,
according to the promise of Collector
Jackson not to handle their cases, - be
turned over to the United States courts.
Tho authorities. will possess, however, the
Incriminating evidence taken at the pre
liminary examination and will be in a po
sition to do a double service — to send the
yellow "natives" back to China and their
If Collector Jackson
Refuses to Assist the
Courts an Appeal
Will Be Made to
Washington*
He Will Demand
That the Chinese
Bureau Examine
Coolie "Natives"
COOMBS STRIKES A BLOW
AT THE CHINESE RING
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
PEICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXTII— NO. 170.
STRIKERS
THE CAUSE
OF RIOTS
had been sent, and that their frlenda
which had proved of grrat moral value to
those guiding the efforts of a small state
to maintain its . independence. He was
pleased to • say that the relations of the
Transvaal with the foreign states, with
the exception of Great Britain, were good.
As to the peace proposals of the Presi
dents of both republics to Lord Salis
bury, President Kruger' said:
"We have proved by legislation and our
dealings with Great Britain last year that
it was our desire to preserve peace, and
now that war has broken out we will do
everything to restore peace." '
After alluding to the deputation now
on a mission to Europe and the United
States and the presence of so many at
taches, proving the Intense Interest of the
powers in the republics and their methods
of, fighting, he said he *vas pleased to see
that the sympathy of the world was on
their side in the war; that ambulances
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.HANNA'S OPPOSITION
TO THE CANAL BILL
Fprcial Dfsnktoh to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, May S.— The Senate
Committee on Interoccanic Canals will
hold a special meeting to-morrow to con
sider the Nicaragua canal hill as it passed
the Hou<=e. The meeting of the commit
tee yesterday gave little encouragement
to the friends of the bill and there is
small hope of a favorable report on the
measure to-morrow. Senators Hanna and
Sewell are opposed to action on the bill
at this session.. They are influential mem
bers of the committee and are believed
to represent the wishes. of the adminis
tration. Senator Hanna practically de^
clared at a meeting of the committee yes
terday that the Senate managers were
against action on the canal bill pending
the disposal of the Hay-Pauncefote
treaty. The fate of the hill probably will
be 'settled, at -the meeting of the commit
tee to-morrow. If the treaty and the ca
nal bill are to go hand in hand, there is
absolutely no hope of : the House, bill be
ing pastel at this seesion. notwithstand
ing Senate Morgan's prediction that the
Senate wv,,,4 adopt the measure before
adjournia* "«*. June.
STOCKTON. May 8.— At a special meet
ing of the Merchants' and Manufactur
ers' Association this evening it was de
cided to give a street fair and trades car
nival here commencing Juue IS and con
tinuing for a v-eek. It is the intention of
the business men to make the affair one
of the best ever held in the State.
Stockton to Give a Fair.
MIDWAY OF STREET
FAIR DENOUNCED
Sacramento Divine Attacks One
of t\)e flttractioQS of the F^eceQt
Carnival at the Capital.
CASHED MANY
BOGUS ORDERS
FOR MONEY
Postoffice Clerk* Arrested
Alter a Brilliant but
Brief Career.
Had Access to Postal Blanks at Pull
man and Filled Them Out
to Suit His- .
Needs.
Brychter made a written confession,
which revealed that he left Pullman lale
!n April on a two wwkf' vacation: that
previous to dclrg so he had issued for his
own purposes, in rets cf three, money or
ders for $130 czeb hr.d sent* the correspond
ing advices |t» the respective oSces. ' As
c>rM in the Pullman station of the Chi
cago rostofiice he had access to tha
-irir.ks and had authority to issue money
orders and the corresponding advices.
It was discovered late thi3 afternoon
that he had cashed three of the SIM orders
fit the Ci=c!nr.a,t; office on April 24.
Others were cashe-d In the East. icc'.-Jdiriij
New York. Karrlsimrg. Pa., Camden. N.
J.. Brooklyn and other places. He
admits having collected 53409 In all.
and ritvd Just about closed the
trar.r,art'.cn vrhei ¦ he met trou
ble in Covir.jrton. The young women with
r.im geve their r.ames as Maud Montgom
fry. who says she lived with her mother
in Chicago, ar.d Minnie Barnett. who
boarded with the Montgomerys and who
claims to be the flatjeee of Brychter.
CINCINNATI. May S.~Joserh Brychtcr.
a pestofflce clerk at the Pullman station
of the Chicajro postofSee, . was entrapped
at Covington, Ky.. to-day in what hither
to ha.<l been a most cuccessful swindle of
pcstcQce funds. Brychter had presented
three money orders for 1100 efich to Post
master Reynolds. The latter found the
letters of advice corresponding, but noted
the similarity of writing and determined
to investigate. Ke to'.d the applicant that
the letters of aovice had not reached him.
He Jmtnodiate'.y communicated with
Pestofflce Inspector Belz, and. with bi3
help, arrested " Brychtcr to-day at the
Palace Hotel In Cincinnati, where he had
registered on May 6 with two young
¦women, as E. Rhinehart, wife and sister,
Ch'cago. . -¦-: '¦:•¦¦
REV. J. B. SII/COX, WHOSE REMARKS CONCERNING CERTAIN
FEATURES OF THE STREET CARNIVAL HAVE CAUSED COMMENT
IN SACRAMENTO.
(From a Photo by Varney, Sacramento.)
these particulars, but ne expressed the
fear that the midway performances had
given the city a bad name among visi
tors from the rural communities, where
the standard of morality is as a general
thing high. Mr. Sllcox told his hearers
that on the midway he was so enraged by
tho indecent language of one of the spiel
ers that he was on the point of going up
to the platform and personally assaulting
the offender. 'He said that it was his in
tention had : not the carnival committee
acted in the matter to appeal to the Gov
ernor against tho use cf the State grounds
for the purpose of the midway. He pro
tested also against the running of saloons
on street fair grounds without a license
and In violation of the ordinance recently
passed through the influence of the Tues
day Literary Club prohibiting the opening
of saloons in the residence districts . on
premises not already occupied by such
resorts. .
Special IMrDatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. May S.-This city
has been thrown into a ferment* of ex
citement by the discovery late this after
noon by a party of girls gathering ferna
at Etanley Park of the horribly mutilated
body of a man. The ghastly find was
concealed In a little clump of trees. The
head had been eevcred from the body.
The legs wore broken and lay in the moss
several feet from the trunk. No flesh re
m?ir.ed on the face or upon the upper
portion cf the remains, the ekull having
been picked clean by ccrrica Jiirds. No
doubt rests In the minds of the authori
ties that murder had been committed as
tho dismemberment of the body and 'the
beheading: of the remains could have been
accomplished by no animal. .
No papers that mipht lead to the iden
tification of the murdered maa were found
on the remain* except a scrap of the
Montreal Star dated March 13, which bad
been placed Inside the hat band. Ap
parently the only way by which a clew
may be obtained 1? through the clothing,
which has already been partially Identified
bb belonging to a young man named
ecott, who dropped out of sight mysterl
ouely nevera! months ago aad of "whom no
trace has ever been secured. The police
ere working on the theory that he wai
rrobably -the murdered man.' but they
have no clew to his murderers.
INDICATIONS OF MURDER
FOUND BY SCHOOLGIRLS
SACRAMENTO, May 8.— Apropos of
the street fair, and trades carnival
religious circles are deeply %tirred
over an address by Rev. J. B. Sil
cox, the eloquent pastor, of the
First Congregational Church, in which he
attacked in unmeasured terms the mid
way attractions at the street fair. Mr.
Silcox's remarks were aimed at the mus
cle dancers and an alleged indecent exhi
bition which the carnival committee on
the last day of the fair closed up -in re
eponee to public protest. The clergyman
prefaced his remarks by • paying a high
tribute to the magnificence of the floral
parade, the Chinese pageant and to the
splendor of the street carnival Itself, in
so far as it related to the exposition of
the city's industries and in so far as the
free amusements and throne.; exercises
werVconccrne'd." " He believed that the city
of Sacramento had done itself proud in
Patents, Pensions, Postoffice Changes
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
and Army Orders.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 8.— The following
patents have been granted:
California — Ellsha ' P. Chilton, Chlno, pump;
John A. Gallagher. Stockton, washing ma
chine: William B. Hargen, Stockton, animal
trap; Charles F. Huffmaster, San Leandro.
engine speed regulator: Frank A. Huntlngton.
Oakland, roller crushing mill: Walter S. Jewell.
Oakland, siphon water elevator; John F. H.
Stahle. Berkeley, filter; William H. Wrljfht,
San Jose, assignor to Vacuum Can and Car
Company. New York, can Jar or like article.
Washington— George A. Kelly, assignor to G.
B. Baker, Dayton, undercheck device for horses.
California pensions: Orielnal— Gershom G.
Vllet. Oakland, $6: George T. Williams. Kern.
J6r Cbarlea- E. Leonard. Sacramento. J6; La
fayette Bilby. Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. J6;
Stephen t "R; Bundy. Ontario. *t Additional^-
Barnabas E. Swift, Soldiers' Home. Los Ange
les. $8; John Branch. Tahoe. J10. Renewal
— Alphonzo J. Helmuth. Azusa, J5. Increase-
George Mlnler, Los Angreles, JS. Original
widows, etc.— Special, accrued April 18, Kath
erlna Lipp. Vallejo. J?.
Washington: Original— Jacob J. Miller. White
Salmon, J6. Increase— Harvey Goodlng. New
Whatcom, »16.
Oregon: Original— Samuel Taylor. Colburgr.
JS. Increase— Henry Laws, Woodville. »17.
Postofflce established— California: Deer Park.
Placer County. Alice. Scott, postmaster.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Reuben M.
Bonar, United States army, now at San
Francisco, ia relieved from further duty
in the Division of the Philippines and will
report to the commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment
to duty.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
Postofflce for April were J78.5S2, an In
crease of $2SS2 over April, 1S93. The Los
Angeles receipts for April were $21,643, an
increase of $31S3 over April, 1SD9. .
UNION PACIFIC TRAIN
GOES INTO A DITCH
Two Are Injured in a "Wyoming
Wreck.
Four Persons I<ose Their Lives and
OMAHA. Nebr.. May 8.— A special to the
Bee from Cheyenne, Wyo., says: One of
the* worst wrecks which has occurred In
Wyofning in recent years took place on
O'Neill sidetrack, sixteen miles west of
Rawlins.. on the Union Pacific, to-day,
when an eastbound fast fruit train drawn
by two locomotives dashed through an
open switch and down a high embank
ment. The dead are:
LOUIS BANTA. fireman. Rawlins.
JAMES JOHNSON, fireman, Rawlins.
TWO BOYS, aged about 20 years, who
were stealing a ride: names unknown.
The Injured: Engineers Frank Reh
meyer and Andry Sholer. Both will re
cover. .
-Engineers Rehmeyer and Sholer jumped
from their engines before th#« end of the
siding was reached and escaped with a
few Injuries. - >".;'"
HOTEL MAN SUED.
LOS ANGELES, May 8.— Thi3 afternoon
suit for damages in the sum of $40,SS6 was
filed against Mllo M. Potter, the well
known hotelman. by Etta Chapman, the
mother of the bellboy, Newton, who was
killed in an elevator accident in the Van
Nuys, on Broadway, January 2 of this
year.
• Young Xewton was on top of the ele
vator, cleaning a shaft, when It suddenly
started. He was caught between the car
and ceiling and instantly killed.
tlrely alone In this matter, pave as the moral
sentiment of the community ia behind, us.
We know of no conepiracy or conspirators. We
have consulted no outside party or parties,
have co-operated with none. Our motive is
but the moral welfare of the Institution. *
And now, gentlemen, because of the serious
ness of the foregoing charges, which affect the
moral status of the community at large, in
view of tho fart that, as ministens of churches
In this city we Bustaln pastoral relations to
approximately four thousand people and by
that many, at. least, are looked upon as cus
todians of the morals of the community, we
deem it an Imperative duty to submit these
matters to you, which we do, believing that
the good name of our county and its Institu
tions can saf3ly be trusted to your high regard
for virtue and honor. ' We are unwilling that
Injustice ghonld be done, or any one subjected
to undue humiliation, yet we are firm in the
conviction that a -thorough and searching in
vestigation by you, gentlemen, will serve the
end of justice to all and righteousness in the
administration of public affairs. If. after such
investigation, you -find r the. charges unwar
ranted, we wltl be, glad, to know it, but ar>.
the other hand, if you find.; It necessary to
take remedial and reformatory 1 * measure?, please
to feel assured of our most hearty and cordial
support. We will j therefore esteem it an
especial courtesy to be Informed of the result
of your investigation. Respectfully submitted
. PETER ¦ COL VIN.
After reading the, above Rev. Mr. Gas
ton handed the document to County Clerk
Somers B. Fulton, who placed it on file.
A silence of several seconds followed,
which was finally broken by Chairman
Glynn inquiring the pleasure of the board
in the matter. Supervisor ¦ T. C. Putnam
then made a motion that the matter be
Isid over until to-morrow afternoon at 2
o'clock, so as to allow' all parties inter
ested to be present. The. clerk was in
structed to notify Dr. Shearer of the filing
of the charges against him; and Mr. Put
nam's motion being carried unanimously
the board proceeded with other matters.
It is understood that the charges are to
be fully investigated, a member of the
board so expressing himself this evening.
What the proceeding to-morrow will bring
forth it is not possible to say. hut if ru
mor is' to be credited some sensational de
tails are very apt to develop.
to the paragraph relating to the commis
sioning of naval cadets. The committee
amendment striking out the proposition
in the bill which sought to commission
the cadets at the expiration of a four
years' term at the naval academy, abol
ishing the preliminary two years at sea,
was carried after a warm debate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA, May . 8.-The much
talked-of charges against County Phy
sician M. M. Shearer of alleged improper
relations with nurses employed at the in
stitution were formally laid before the
Board of Supervisors this morning. Short
ly after 10 o'clock a delegation from the
Ministerial Union of this city entered the
Supervisors' hall and word of the fact
being- noised about the streets a number
of spectators were soon on hand. Rev.
W. L. Gnston. pastor of the First Baptist
Church, acted as spokesman and after
stating' briefly the object of the visit he
proceeded to read the following communi
cation:
The undersigned petitioners,- members of the
Ministerial Union of Santa Rosa, extend greet
ings and hereby desire to show- and^set forth
that on or about the. 14th day of fFebruary,
1900, Miss Anna Fohlroann, then matron and
nurse In Sonoma County Hospital, came to one
of our members, a paster ot this city, whom
she recognized, as her pastor, and complnin^d
to him-of'th* treatment she was receiving
from the county physician. Dr. M. M. Shearer,
charging him with -improper conduct toward
her. Further the confided to the pastor that
Miss Bertha Sundcll, a nurs» at th* hospital,
had bee n compelled to refign and leave the
Institution for Die same reason. This pastor,
after making Inquiry concerning: th« soocl name
and character of the complainant, finding no
reason to dcubt-tlie truth of h?r statements,
1/rcsented the matter to the Ministerial Union. ¦
By the. committee appointed by the union
for that purpose Miss Anna Fchlmann ar.d
Miss Bertha Stinriell. young ladles before
menticped. were told that their unsupported \
statements amounted to but little and could
not be recognized by us unleso they -were put
in the form of affidavits. Accordingly, with
out any dictation from us or any or us. in
their' own language and In their own hand
writing, they filed with our - secretary the
affidavits .which are herewith submitted, ver
batim, as follows:
SAN FRAXCISCO. April 3, 19C0.— To the
Heard of Supervisor*, or Public, Whomever it
May concern In Santa Kosa. Oil.: I ha^e been
asked why I g-ave up my position as nurse and
matron In the Sonoma County Hospital. During
my time in the hospital I can say before God
and men that I have fulfilled my duty faith
fully, but o.ur County Physician. Dr. Shearer,
has insulted me whenever, he. cot the chance.
If I had to buy anything for the hospital I
always had to bo to the doctor's office for an
order. (Here follow particulars of an un
pleasant character.) Could I eay anything?
No. I would have lost my position, so I
simply resinned before he got a chance to throw
me out. I don't think that any respectable
woman can hold her position while Dr. Shearer
is in the hospital. I know 1 have tried hard,
but to my sorrow I had to give it up. ¦
:„ - . . ANNA POHLMANN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this
4th day of Arril, 1?00.
(Seal) • a. J. HENRY.
Notary Public In and for the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.
SAN JOSE.,Cal.. April 9. M00.-TO the Board
of Supervisors cr the Public-Dear Sirs: I
¦will not take up much of your time, but would
like to tell you all the reasons why I. left the
, Sonoma County Hospital. But the simple rea-
I son was I could not put up with your. County
; Physician. Dr. Shearer. He insulted me everv
chance he got. . He. said h* was very «orry 'i
was going to leave. If I did not like it down
here he said he would send me < money to come
back and I 'would not have to work any more,
but .ihe would ':, keep me somewhere in Santa
Rosa, at the expense of tl?fe county," for I did
not know any other way. He'.inslated on want
ing to send out a buggyln the evening so I
could come in and stay and spend the evening
with him In his office. He several times dur
ing his visits at the hospital sent out other
nurses in order to get a chance, to Insult raj.
, I liked It very much at the hospital, but I
could not* put. up with the. doctor any longer,
and it ,. would have been 'that ; he • would \ have
discharged. me because I did, not submit to his
wishes. -No woman with a pure character could
keep, the place, but, In order to. would have
to either^ be a corrupt -woman, or turn one. :I
hope that something can be done In this -mat
ter," as I feel it my duty to tell my experience
that ¦ no other poor ' girl I that I has I not courage
to stand up for herself, may be ruined. I will
not take up more of your time, but if any in
formation is wanted I am at your pleasure and
will tell all I know. -Tours truly, •
MISS BERTHA SUNDELI*
• 3S2 North Firet street. San Jose, Cal. I
Subscribed and sworn to- before me this 9th.
day, of April, 1900. -. ,.r -
WESTET PIEFER.
Then' follows an attestation that ; the
foregoing are true copies of the affidavits.'
We desire to state, in view of counter charges
which are already - current * rumor, t that, as a
union >, body ' of s minister!/ ' we t have . acted en-
Sonoma County Physician
to Be Given a Hearing V:
| by Supervisors;:; v
- ? — ~ r
Ministerial Union Presents the* Affi
davits Testified To by Several Fe
male Nurses Relative to Scan-'
dals in the Hospital.
CHARGES ARE
FILED AGAINST
DR. SHEARER
DIAGRAM SHOWING LEVELS IN WHICH UTAH MINE HORROR TOOK PLACE.
• - /
Betworn~jiDO and 430 men were at work in the shafts, where giant powder or fire damp or dust or all three exploded
in one shaft, killing scores of the entombed men. while, the back damp suffocated nearly all of those working in an ad
joining shaft. Only a few of the men, warned hy the rumble of the explosion, rushed from the. mine in time to escape
the deadly damp. Two hundred and fifty dead bodies were taken out of the mine by the rescue party.
The above diagram shows the different levels tapping the veins of coal in which the men were working when the
explosion occurred. The black stripes indicate the coal. veins. The men killed outright by the shock of the explosion
were in Level No. 1 and the galleries above it. Most of those in the lower levels, and in an- adjoining shaft were BUf
focated by the back damp that followed the explosion. A few of the workers in the lower galleries, warned by the
distant rumble of the explosion, escaped by the lower level shown in the diagram before the suffocating gases could
overcome them. •
TVASHIICGTOX. l!°-y 6 - Some fact? al
r-.cst ptartlir.g in their importance were
laid before the Senate to-flay in secret
kgrislative session nt the conclusion' of the
regular open session. They relnted. it is
understood, to the invention of a ?h?ll by
a promir;er>t oftlcer of the I'tiited States
ravy— a ehell superior in every essential
quality to any nov^ in use either by this
<r ty any other Government. Therjual
ity of per!otr5t!i-m pcirsrssfd by the shell
is raid to be fo jrrcat that no armor
noTT rr.ar.ufactureii ia the l"niter! States or
abroad has puSclenl resistance to r.ith-
Bt&cd !t. The facts, which were in p^s-
FPsricT. of or.ly a few Senators, were
<5ce:red so important th=t the Senate «jf
cided to consider them in secret session.
To-day, after t":ie nava! bill had been
Jiid aside fcr the day. TUlnian asked for
& ferret session in brfier tha' he mi?ht
expUia to the Senate why he desired the
ernier-pla'.e mattfr to be. discussed in se
tt'bta the (Jncre were closed he ex
rla5r.ed that, several uays ag:-. he ha<3
c^crcd a rtsolutloa crullsg upon tfc« Bee*
letary to fc'end to the B«t»te for its in
forcaticn the details of t«s:s made by
the department ortiria'.a of armor p'aie
at Ind;s.nhcad. No answer to ihe inquiry
ini b« :i rc-ceivc-d an«i in all human prob
ability none would be received.
It ceeins Tiltman called at iw iCavy De
1 artraent and was informed that It v/ouM
be unwise at tn!s time to make public
the de'ails of the tests he ha.<i askcl for,
*s it would place in the hand?, not only
cf the Senate but of representatives of
foreign governments, information that
rroperJy belonged exclusviely to the
United States. ¦: „
He was informed that Admiral O Noli.
chief of the Bureau «f Ordnance, had
been conducting for several rncnths a se
ries at armor tests at Indianhead. ths rc
ralta of which were remarkable. A prom
irent olScirti of the Navy Department said
it wa? understood that tests of all sorts
cf aracr. ir;c!tjc3ir.j? ihn Krupp armor,
had been made, with a. %iew of ascertain
!-.£• their etteettveaemn apair.st a ne-w shell
that had been Invented by ar. oi3cer of
the navy. No pjeoe of armor submitted
to the test, it is understood, v.as able to
withstand iU
The sholl. firrd from high power pruns.
renetrated the armor almost as bullets
flr?<5 from a Krap-Jor*:ensen rifle would
l^hetrate g^reen woo-i. the difference beiny
that the armor plates split from the
point of impact. It is sa'.d this was true
of the Krupp armor as well as of the
oT?»er armT tested.
The shell which was so effective was
rot rfesorSbe«1; Indeed the Navy Depart
ment !s guardiEjr jealously ail details con
rernirp its construction.
Th? argument of TVifrnaji is tha-t with
such a projectile in the possession of the
Government, the details of •which sooner
or later will become known to other Oov
ornments. it Trould not be the part -of
wisdon for Congress to enter Into con
trccts to purchase the high-priced .armrfr
unless It could be so improved as to re
pSst projectiles of the-kind u«ed at India 12-
J^edirc thnt more or less of the matter
concerning the tests recently made by the
(k>vernnicnt would be us?d in the debate
upon the armor auoKtien. iTillman sug
gested that .it would be desirable to con-
Eider the subject in secret. The Senate
agreed with him, and to-morrow the ar
mor plate matter will be discussed behind
closed doors. • • •
PENALTIES REMITTED
TO UNION IRON WORKS
WASHINGTON, May R.— The Hou?» de
voted most at to-day to the consideration
rf privat-* bills recommended fron the
Ccmmittf" of Claims, and ten r were pass
ed. The most imporisnt was one to re
mit the J32.F2 1 ? penalty imposed hy the
Government on th» t'nion Iron Works of
San Kranoisco. ihe builders of .the moni
tor Monterey, for her failure to make con
tract srefd. i
Before the consicIcrGtlon of these bills
was entered upon the House overruled the
action f>f the. Ways and Mear.s <*oramit
tc« in rfportir.j; against a resolution call
ing upon the Secretary of the Treasury
for Information regarding the materials
us<?d iii" t tie manufacture of oleomarga
rine, which is on fl> !n the Internal Kev
£aue OfRcr. The majority of the commit
too contfi^deti that this Information could
not be furnished under the Revised Btat
i:tes a;id that it would betray trade se
crct«. but the resolution was adopted
This is preliminary to the reopening cf
'be Ogkt fcr {ho Grout bill in the Commit
tee on Agriculture. The resolution is ec
follows: . .
Reseivpo. That the Secretcry o* the Treasury
bs end he !s hereby requested to furnish the
House of Reiire^cmnrives Infonratlon concern
ins' th* amount nnd character cf the mattrr
used In th<? marufactur? of oleomarg-arine by
t!j? aevetal nisnufact^rere. • as shov.-n by the
ir.onThly duplicate? of pagrfB 1 end I of *crtn
Ilfl for tlie fisral year cndinB June 30, 1S93.
also for the month or December of the eame
year. -a* returned by ih> various manufa:turers
of ol»on;:irg-arl t nf throughout the United States
for the above pcrlcii. ...
SHELL PENETRATES I
HARVEYIZED ARMOR
WASHINGTON'. May 8.— With one of
the soft, metal-capped shells of Ameri
can manufacture, developed by the Naval
Ordnance Bureau, a six-inch naval rifle
to-day plugged a clean .hole through a
piate of Hnrveylzed armor fourteen inches
thick. This marvelous achievement was
witnessed by Assistant Secretary Hackett,
for v.hom the trial was made at Indian
Head. The g-un was" charged with pmoke
less pcnvtler enough to pive the shell a
\feloeity of 25S0 feet per second, or 25 per
cent above ordinary proof velocity.
Naval Bill Considered.
WASHINGTON, May S.-In the Senate
to-day n. number of minor bills were
passed, among them one to reimburse
various Collectors of Internal Revenue for
Internal revenue stamps charged aeralnst
them but not accounted for. The aebate
on the naval bill was practically confined
Ppeci.il Dispatch to The Call.
XEW YORK. May 8.— The Pennsylvania
Railroad, not content with absorbing the
various competing lines in its ambition to
merit the title, '•standard railway of the
world." has planned a gigantic project
that will bring Europe seven or eight
hours nearer all American cities. Eventu
ally there will be constructed k tunnel
undT the harbor at a point called "the
Narrows." Trains will cross from Eliza
beth, Ni J-. to Staten Island, thence to
Long Island (under "the Narrows"), thence
across a proposed bridge at Wards
Island to connect with the New York,
New Haven and Hartford Railroad to
Eos t on.
The greatest secrecy is maintained by
oftieials of this conservative corporation
as to the details of the plans. What is
evidently in view is an all-rail route from
the prlnicipal commercial cities of the
country— all now reached by lines *f this
system— to a steamship terminus at
Montauk Point. There is also projected
connection with lines from Boston and
east by way of Long Island and Staten
Island to the Pennsylvania Railroad near
Elizabeth.
The Pennsylvania has entered into a
contract, said to involve an expenditure
ox millions, for the construction of a
great pier that will go nearly two miles
out Into the bay. President Cassatt has
written to the Secretary of War asking
tne Government to put its harbor line
two thousand feet further into the bay
to permit this great construction. The
Pennsvlvania owns control of the Amer
ican Steamship Line.
It was Austin Corbin's plan twenty
years ago to establish a pier in the ocean
near Montauk and the Joint holders
of Pennsylvania and American line stock
now appreciate his foresight and will
carry out his project. Improvements in
mechanical equipment have materially
lessened the length of the trans-Atlantic
passage. It Is reasonable to estimate
that at least seven hours ¦would be saved
if steamers ran from Montauk instead of
from Xew York down through the tortu
ous channels of the lower bay. What
this projected improvement means then Is
a quicker trip, by eight hours, for the host
of people that leave the cities on the line
of the Pennsylvania and go to Europe.
More important still is the. tremendous cut
in the time it takes to get mall across the
Atlantic.
By Meeting Incoming Steamers at
Montauk Point at Lsast Eight
Hours Could Be Saved in
Crossing Atlantic.
Gigantic Scheme Contem
plated by Pennsylvania
. Railway Company.
PLAN TO RUN
RAILWAY UNDER
NEW YORK BUY
Shell That Pierces the Strongest
Krupp Armor as Though It Were
Made of Soft Wood.
Government Jealously Guarding Its Invention,
Which Will Be Discussed Shortly by the
Ssnate in Secret Session.
NAVY HAS A NEW
WAR IMPLEMENT
HOW THE SUFFOCATED MINERS WERE CAUGHT
IN THE GREAT UTAH MINE HORROR.
-. ... jUim.HIH Illl, - .... _...-¦,-...¦. . - -.--;>.- ¦;.--¦-¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
2
ADVESTISESgEinS.
FOR WELL PEOPLE
An Easy Way to Keep WelL
It Is easy to keep well If we would only
observe each day a few simple rules of
health.
The all-important thing Is to keep t .«
stomach right and to do this it Is not
necessary to diet or to follow a set rule or
bill of fare. Such pampering simply makes
a capricious appetite and a feeling that
certain favorite articles of food must be
avoided. ,
Professor Wlechold gives pretty good
advice on this subject. He says: "I am
6S years old and have never had a serious
illness, and at the same time my life h.n
been largely an Indoor one, but I early
discovered that the way to keep healthr
was to keep a healthy stomach, not tv
eating bran crackers or dieting 1 of as-
sort; on the contrary I always eat what
my appetite craves, but for the past eight
years I have made it a dally practice t->
take one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal and I attribute
my robust health for a man of my age to
the regular daily use oX Stuart's Tablets.
"My physician first advised me to u<=*
them because he said they were perfect-
ly harmless and were not a secret patent
medicine, but contained only the natural
digestives, peptrmea and diastase, and
after using them a few weeks I hav<s
never ceased to thank him for his advice.
"I honestly believe the habit of taking
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after meals 13
I tho real health habit, because their use
brings health to the sick and ailing: and
preserves health to the well and strong."
Men and women past 50 years of ag<»
n?ed a safe digest tv* after meals to. ln-
i sure a perfect digestion end tr> ward of?
disease, ami the safest, best-known and
most widely used is Stuart'3 Dyspepsia
Tablets.
They are found in every w»ll-regu!ated
household from Maine to California and
in Great Britain and Australia are rapidly
pushing their way into popular favor.
! All drusplsts sell Stuart a Dyspepsia
| Tablets, full-sized packages, at 50 cents,
I and for a weak stomach a 50-cent pack-
I age will often do $50 worth of good.
WE SELL ON INSTALLMENTS
Cheaper Than Som« Cash Stores.
. '. ¦•-¦.¦' SEEING IS BEUEVINO.
Inspect Our Stock o£
Furniture, Carpets, Etc.
Houses Furnished Complete from Cellar
to Garret.
FREE DELIVERY -WITHIN 100 MILE3
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evening*. NEAR POWELL.
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Krone Assertion* na to Jmt What
tbe Remedies Will Urn.
Maayoa (usnuteet
/ HcS$ff$f/*!^±. *£** bl» Bheumatlim
FJfswJsSfvSBSk < - ur * wUi eur * nmrlr
.i'ySijS EESKjaX al * cmaea of rheums -
wigf '^*"©i53 tlnn In a few honrs;
\Snr 53P& thAt hl " I^xspepaU Curs
r*K* >g?m w111 cure ladl»e»tion tn«l
Bb£7 *»u.'^w a11 ttomaeh troubles;
T« ***? 1 Wfes' *fc»t hi» Kidaey Cur-»
1 *^* W^SJ "^ CUI * ** p*' « ent -
y«^*J« •* t!l caset of kidney
\ £__Ekfy trouble: tn»t hi* Ca-
JW-' «K44.W tarrb Cora will ears
yi>w^^k catarrh ro matter how
nlkhZj^^ lon * »t«adlnf: Cat hit
Hetdacbe Cur» will airs
V^j Wy any kind cf be a dacha la
\. I v *" '* w iBiautea; that
.';' • »';¦*/ • hi i Cold Cux» will
quietly break no a or
iwm of cold asd ao on through tie entire Uit or
remedies. At all drogrfsta, 25 cents a rial.
If jou need medical advice write Prof. Mamroa,
1B06 Axch it., rbila. It U absolutely fre*.
pBiP^ WOHDMDL
RUF>TURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNEE
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce cave te
the public the most remarkable remedy evei
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hav»
been permanently relieved and radically CTREE
by this great appliance and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery- Thij
Truss is different from all others. It does tha
You can get our "BOOKLET N'o. 1" by call-
ing at the office, or it will be sent on receipt o»
a 2-eent stamp. It tells all about this Trusa.
"magnetic elastic truss co M
620 Market Street Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern Office— New Tort City.
kI e*§J * ifcr 3 ® H SSI bL5^J&
X "DB.PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL. .
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOP.UVER.LUNGS:
| A PERMANENT CURE I
i of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
? and Gleet, smaranteed in from 3 to 6 J
c dajs ; ne other treatment required, 5
s Sold by all druggists. 5
12DTTCTJ17O for barbers, bak
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners
dyers. Courraills. foundries, laundries, paper
, hangers, printers, painters, sho* factories, sta
k blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
ttUCHA^A.S BROS,.
Brnsh *«lanufa=tureri, 6O9 Sacramento St
IA/. T. HESS,
KCTASY fXS3H0 ANJ ATTOBSBY-AT-tlW. >
Tenth Floor. Room 1013. Claus SpreckeU Bias
Telephone Bro-wn WU- »»_.i
Residenca. S2X CaSifomla »t.. b«low Pow*a
Eaa Francisco . .
— Provenito be such; by its almost endless list
of extraordinary., cures of scrofula, salt rheum
and other blood diseases— -by its renovating,
vitalizing, refreshing ejEfects upon millions of worn!
brain-tired, body-wearied people — by its appetizing,
digestive, anti-bilious qualities in troubles with the
stomach, bowels, kidneys and liver — by its strength-
ening and steadying effect upon the brain and nerves
through purified and vitalized blood — is
Buy a bottle and begin to take it TODAY.. Pioneer. Dropped Dead. . , ;k,'
CO VELO, May 8.— John Lyons, an old
pioneer of this section, dropped dead of
heart disease to-day. Deceased was well
and "favorably known throughout the
county. He was unmarried, and a native
of Ireland, aged 63 years.*
FAIRMOtfNT, W. Va.. May. 8.— The Re
publican- State Convention was held here
to-day, Governor Atkinson presiding.
These delegates at. larjje to the National
Convention were chosen: W. C. Curtin, S.
H. Gram, J. B. Danna. E. E. Flinn.
The resolutions included a recommen
dation for a le?s stringent carrying out of
the civil service laws. \The piatform in
dorses the roI'J standard, expansion and
the McKinley administration. . The com
mittee on credentials ousted from his seat
in <he convention" Dr. J. J. HaprHonstall
of Fayette County, the man who, as a
Republican member of .the Legislature,
held out; and refused to vote for Senator
Scott last year.
The delegates at large and the district
delegates are instructed to vote for Mc-
Kinley. -i
M'KINLEY GETS WEST
VIRGINIA'S DELEGATION
LOUISVILLE, May 8.— This was dogs'
and, mudlarks' day at Churchill- Downs.
The rain began with a heavy shower
about 1 o'clock, and at intervals kept
it up during the afternoon. Results,:
Seven furlong?, Rellinjj— Ler.nep won, La
machus second. Lord Zcni third. Time, 1:25.
Six furlongs, selling— Dr. Tarrwon. Opera
Girl second. Crinkle third. Time. 1:17%.
Handicap, one mile — Tragedy won. Salvarse
second. Atlantus thlni. Time, 1:42%,
Four furlonps — Koxlna Lee won, Mattle Bain
second, Donnie Seay third. Time: 5OV4-
One mile, selling— Samovar won. Nettle Re
gent second, Lillian Reed third. Time. 1:43>4.
Six furlongs, selling — r}uej=s Me won, Tlldy
Ann second. Isablnda third. Time, 1:18.
NEW YORK, May S.— The Larchmont
stakes for three-year-olds and the To
beggan handicap worn thy features at
Morris Park to-day, and a large crowd
came to see some high-class sport. The
Toboggan attracted nine of the best
sprinters in training, and Voter, the even
money favorite, won easily. Maribert
closed very fast in the last sixteenth and
got up in time to be.it Contestor a head
for the place. The Larchmont went to
Kilogram, who led all the way. lie was
10 to 1 in the betting. Results:
Six furlongs— VulcaJn won. Specific second.
Bombshell third. Time, 1:11*;.
One mile, selling— Kri5<s Kringle won First
Whip second, Dan Rice third. Time, 1:40%.
The Larchmont, tevenj lurlor.^s — Kilogram
won, Ildrim second, Prtruehio" third. Time,
1:27^4> ' '
The Toboggan, six furlongs— Vcter won,
Maribert. second, Contestor third. Time. 1:1214.
Four and a half furlongs-*- Lief Prince won.
The Puritan second. Scurry third. Time. :34.
One mile — Lothario won, Charentus second.
Box third. Time, l:4O?4.
Larchmont Stakes at Morris Park
Taken by Kilogram.
Whether or not Tax Collector Scott will
be permitted to carry his threat into exe
cution and revoke the license procured by
the National Club on February 13 last will
be determined within the next few weeks.
Suit was filed by the club yesterday
against Scott to restrain him from Inter
fering with the business of the club until
the further order of the court. Upon the
filing of the suit Jud^c Dunne issued a
temporary writ of injunction and assigned
the case to Judge Murasky for hearing.
Scott contends that the club forfeited it.s
right to a license when, a short time ago,
it held an exhibition in Mechanics" Pavi
lion, ' when Woodward's Pavilion was
named in the license as the scene of the
contest.
VOTEK WINS THE TOBOGGAN.
Prays an Injunction KcstrainingTax
Collector Scott Fron Interfer
ing "With Its Business.
NATIONAL CLUB SUES
TO SAVE ITS LICENSE
members George T. Klink, the first of fif
teen applicants on the waiting list, was
elected. '
SAX DIEGO. May S.-Th^ body of Fred
Watson, son of Ald?rman George B. Wat
son, who was (Ircwnet] while nshlng over
two weeks ago at Coronado pier, was
found this morning on the beach by fyls
brother, Gaylor.
"The conditions hpv materially im
proved in Mailrns nnd Mysor#». In conse
quence of th»- recent rains. In th*» remain
ing of the affected tracts the distress i3
increasing in intensity, owing to the want
cf fodder and water and th*» increasing
heat. The numrer of persons now in re
ceipt of relief is 5.617.0C0."
Body Is Recovered
LONDON. May 8.— The Secretary of
State ofr India. Lord George Hamilton,
has received the following message from
the Viceroy. Lord Curzon of Kedleston:
CONDITIONS III INDIA.
The committee then went over the lists
of the State delegates which had been
submitted to Secrets ry Edgerton of the
National Committee and Increased in sev
eral instances the number of delegates
allowed. Th«* notable instance was the>
cape of California, where ten additional
delejrates were allowed. The»*otal num
ber of deletrntes In th" convention was
rolled by to-night's action from $6) to
10C0.
SlOrX FALLS. K, D.. May 8. -The Na
tional Committee met to-night and after
a brief session decided that P. L. Klng
dcH of Minnesota should act as temporary
chairman cf the convention. R. E. Bray of
Oklahoma as secretary and Eugene Smith
of Illinois and I.eo Vincent of Colorado as
ayFlstant secretaries.
CALIFORNIA GIVEN
MORE DELEGATES
NEW Y.ORK. May S.— Much interest
was shown at the Federal building: to
day in rc-gard to the cash batl deposited
yesterday by C. F. W. Xeely of the Cuban
ForitofTlce Departmenj. who was arrrstetl
on Sunday at Rochester on a charge of
embezzling ?3fi,00rt of Government funds.
Tht irO.OfX) bail required was deposited In
the form of twentv new S1000 gold certi
ficates. Neither Neely ncr his counsel.
J. t>. Lindsay, would make any statement
in regard to where this money came from
except that It was furnished by "friends
of Mr. Nefly."
of Xceiy in Cuba shall be placed under
Government control.
The mllitar;- authorities know little re
gnrding thy matter beyond what Colonel
Burton, inspector preneral. reported, for
tho Department of Po3ts is virtually inde
pendent of the military authorities and 1
the matter has be^n reported directly to
the Pcstnin.ster General. The inspector
general hns made a quarterly Inspection.
On his former inspection tour he found a
shortage of more than $12,000. but such
excuses were given that he thoufeht he
was probably mistaken.
Governor General Wood has ordered
that all property standing in the name
Necly has made inv^tirients hrre and
in Other parts of the Island, having as a
partner a po?tal er.ip.oyo. Cairycon Rich,
who" now holds the power cf attorney for
Xeely. was yesterday appointed to till
Ncely's place as chief financial a^ent of
the Havana postofflce. bin to-dav the ap
pointment was suspended.
That othrrn t!;a:. Xteiy are involved is
itnplictiy believed, although the evidence
us jtt is lnsiifTicent to justify their ar
res;. Nevertheless, rhouid certain' pi.r
sor?s attempt to leave the island they
would i.e tak'n into custody.
it is astonishing- that the shortage was
not discovered before, because the re
ceipts at Santiago or Matanras alone
should amout to nearly $4000. Absolute
proof that something had been going o% i?
shown by the fact that Auditor Bari re
pous the iecelpts of the island for the
lirst five days of May aggrf Rated • $SGu<).
Should this avfrage b»> continued It would
mean a total of more than JiO.OCO.
HAVANA- May 8.-The postaj frauds
have been the principal topic of conver
sation in Havana to-day, although as yet
the papers have scarcely alluded to the
matter. The Department of Posts admits
a shortage of $"i5,000, but further investl-
Kation has brought to light the fact that
in July of last year the receipts showed
a falling off of about S12.0CO from the av
erage of the months previous and that
this fhortage has been kept up ever since.
It appears thnt about tliat time Director
of Posts Rathbonc cave orders for the
destruction. cf Jlll.COO worth of surcharge
Gtamps on account of the issue of a new
stamp. This work of destruction was left
in the hands cf Charles l-\ W. Neely and
hl& assistants, but it is now believed that
none of the.«c stamps were destroyed, the
theory being that they were sent out
with the ncv: stamps. The Havana re
ceipts amount to about $11,000 a month,
'according to the books, but the other of
fices of the island shewed only $3000 or
54000. amounts absurd.
Evidence That $411,000 Worth of Stamps That
* Had* Been Ordered Destroyed Were Never
Burned, but Made Use of by Embezzlers.
Investigations of Havana Postal
Frauds by the Authorities Show
a Startling Money Shortage.
STEAL MAY REACH
A HALF MILLION
Woods Gets th« Decision.
SAN JOSE, May S.-T.he , fight to-night
Owing to the prevalence of smallpox no
spring elections were held in two Ohio
towns, the officials holding over.
Ryan told an intimate friend this after
noon that he thought the light would go
ten rounds at least, and he believed that
Corbett would hang desperately In the
ring a» long as there was a single chance
of possible victory.
Corbett, training at Lakewood, Bald to
day: . .
"Brady says Jeffries Is hurt because I
said he was a very light champion, and
thinks now he will go In and whip me
quickly. \ Well, he's got another think
coming. I still believe that he has no
business with the championship, and he
will neither whip me quickly nor whip me
at all." . . •
The ex-champion does not seem In the
least worried now that he is sure the fight
will take place on Friday night as sched
uled. He goes about his work like a man
who is sure of good results. His confi
dence in his '¦ability to win is not false.'
He believes he is lucky in beings consid
ered the "outsider" In the fight and feels
that his victory will come as a surprise to
the whole pugilistic world. ;
' Gus Ruhllrx Corbett's trainer, says:
"I am willing right now to put myself
on record "that no man ever entered the
ring in any better condition to fight than
Corbett is to-day. He is by far the clev
erest man I ever boxed with, and besides
that he can slug with any man living. I
believe that Corbett will beat Jeffries in
side of twenty rounds." , : ;
- Here Is what Jeffries* trainer, Tommy
Ryan,, says: ,- .
¦- "I have • trained Jeffries for his last
three encounters in the ring. I have boxed
with him constantly for months, and I can
'say with ¦ perfects truthfulness that" he
grows better and faster every day. Phys
ically Jim Jeffries is a perfect fighter. His
science I consider now fully equal to Cor
bett's. <'; The boiler-maker Is a different
man - than > when he faced Sharkey. The
public ought not to Judge Jeffries by that
contest." ..'..;.
Speaking of the French offer to exhibit
in Paris, Jeffries said he was in the hands
of Brady, and if he won the fight with
Corbett, Brady might mal:« any arrange
ments he saw proper In regard to his fu
ture movements. *
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 8.-At V Asbury
Park Champion Jeffries had a five
mile run on the road and a rub
down this morning. The boiler
maker says he believes Corbett is
In better condition than ho has been for
years, and that he will try to put up a
stiff fight. Tommy Ryan seems to think
Corbett has a recollection of Jeffs tight
with Sharkey and that his confidence of
success is based on the idea that Jeffries
will adopt the tactics he_ did in that bat
tle. Jeffries was very much Irritated over
Corbett'n action in regard to the referee.
He said he had hoped the matter was set
tled and that Charlie White was as sat
isfactory to Corbett as he was to him.
The members of San Francisco Fly-cast
ing Club turned out en masse last night
at the bi-monthly dinner of that organi
zation. The attractions were varied, but
chief among them was the announcement
that Charles S. "Wheeler would speak of
fly-fishing on- the McCloud River. Mr.
Wheeler first spoke of the' literature of
fly-casting, tracing it back gradually un
til he found a quotation in the New Tes
tament which he used to prove a portion
of his argument.
His. remarks on the McCloud and its
grandeur of scenery fairly entranced his
auditors. Many of them in fancy found
themselves again on its bonks under the
shadow of grim old Mount Shasta, whip
ping, the stream for the gamest of trout.
The well known sportsmen at the dinner
included: '
E..T. 'Allen. M. C. Allen, J. S. Benn. John
P, liabcock, A. M. Whittle. A. M. Blade. John
Iiutler, Dr. W. E. Brooks, 11'. Battu, T. W.
Hrotherton, W. A. Cooler. A. S. Carman, J.
X. De Witt. P. E. Daverkosen, Newton Wright
A. B. Finch. Clark V.'lse, P. W. Watson J.
Homer Frltch. M. Geary, H. C. Golche r. Dr
C. W. Hibbard, K. Iaenbruck, E. H. Horton.
O. T. Kllnk. J. B. KennlfT, M. I,. Cook. W. J.
L. Kierulff, C. B. Kenniff, C. T." Lagercrantz,
John Erikson, A. E." L/OVett, F. P. McLennan
A. Mulier, II. F. Muller, Knight Q. White, W.
A.' U Miller. William Shadow. D. Mansfield.
Milton J. Green. John Peltier., F. II. Reed,
Louix Weiirmann. AchIHe Rook, - S. . Roserrtielm
C. F. Stone, F. O. Sanborn, John A. Sanborn,
John F. Siebc, II. E. ; Skinner. C. C. Stratton,
James S. ' Turner, CV~ F. Brandenstein,: C ¦- M
Walker, . C. 8. Wheeler. Mameu Watt, George
Walker, -A. ;T. Vogelsang. C" G. Young,- Jacob
l^evl. I>oul8 Butler. Frank Marcus and Charles
Mayer Jr., '.. '¦' ,- ; .
It was decided to offer a valuable erold
matchbox, decorated with a jeweled
"fly." to the Chicago Club, which will pro
mote an open to'the world* tournament in
August. The club officials . are to frame
such conditions governing competition for
the trophy as they may elect. >
: Henry Smy th, c secretary of the club, is
expected : home next month from a win
ter's sojourn on- the Mediterranean. *. He
will be entertained at, dinner by the mem
bers at r a convenient date after his,arri
val. : . v :.¦'- -.1.'-', :¦ ':. ..,. : .. ¦¦
A string orchestra played popular selec
tions during the progress of the dinner.
The Boston double quartot rendered pleas
ing vecal selections. Charle3 . Mayer Jr.;
a virtuoso 'of the . zither, astonished h!a
auditors with the possibilities of.- that in
strument as he, brought them out.' -
There being ; a vacancy f in " the L list . of
Charles S. Wheeler Charms Fly-Cast
ers "With a Description of This
Great Trout Stream.
ANGLERS LISTEN TO A
LEGEND OF THE M'CLOUD
JAMES J. JEFFRIES, CHAMPION PUGILIST OF THE "WORLD. I
between Tom Tracy and Woods of Santa
Cruz was won by Woods- in thei eighth
round on a foul, Tracy having struck a
heavy body blov/ during a clinch.
Wyoming Delegates Named.
LEWISTOJJ. Idaho. May 8.-At the
Idaho State Republican Convention to
day the following delegates were chosen
to attend the National Convention* at
Philadelphia: Delegate at large, George
L. Shouo of Ada County; First District,
W. 13. Heyburn of Shoshone; Second Dis
trirt. James L.. Ailshie, Idaho; Third Dis
trict. L. L. Ormsby, Ada; Fourth District,
Frank Gooding, Lincoln; Fifth District,
George A- Robetham, Bannock. The com
mittee on resolutions did not bring in a
voluminous report, confining itself. mostly
to terse references. There was on. affir
mation of the St. Louis platform and an
Indorsement of President McKlnley.
views, and. eloquently plcads^the cause of
his champion.
Merits of Stevenson.
The friends of Mr. Stevenson call atten
tion to the fact that he has not oniy once
been t-lecttd Vice President but that ne has
kiso made a record us a greenbacker. Mr.
Tovvnes supporters meet tnese arguments
by pointing to Towr.e's record as a silver
advocate and assert that he would make
a eai.-.paien equal to that of Bryan him
self. They are met on this point Dy tne
argument "that the Democrats would never
acctpt him as a nominee because of his
Kepublican proclivities.
isiill another proposition which has been
made — and this is advocated by Delegates
Washburn and Brown of Massachusetts —
Is tliat the convention should name sev
eral persons, any one of whom would be
acceptable to the Populists as a Vice
Presidential candidate, and appoint a com
mittee to confer with the Democrats as to
which of th« m should be placed upon the
ticket. This proposition is apparently
gaining in favor, but is not yet as strong
as either the suggestion in Towne's behalf
or the one to avoid ar.y nomination what
ever.
Some of the delegates, notably those
from Nebraska ar.d Missouri, are advanc
ing the idea that the convention as a
whole should adjourn immediately upon
convening, to meet in Kansas City on the
came day that the Democratic and Silver
Republican conventions are to assemble
there.
"If v.-e are to have a committee of con
ference," said a Missouri delegate in dis
cussing the proposition, "why not have
the whole convention act in that ca
pacity? For my own part I can see no
reason for holding the convention in ad
vance of the Democratic convention, and
bavins mr.de a mistake in calling it so
early 1 think the best way to correct the
error would be to transfer the entire as
sembly to Kansas City and have it meet
there with the other conventions to be
held in Mr. Bryan's behalf."
He went on to say that he did not sup
pose the attendance of all the delegates
could be obtained, but he felt sure that
many of them would go; and, he conclud
ed, this was altogether the best way to
settle the difficulty. It should be added
that tliis suggestion is not generally ac
cepted as one likely to be carried into
execution.
Spirited Fight Brewing.
The delegates have not yet rVached the
point of talking openly on the question of
a Vice Presidential nomination, but there
is a growing feeling on this subject, and
unless a means is found of harmonizing
the sentiment before the Vice Presidential
nomination is reached In the order of
business there will almost certainly be a
very spirited fight over that point.
It is already apparent that the attend
ance at the convention will not be as
large as had been counted upon. The re
duction of rates by the railroads extended
to the East only as far as New York and
to the West only to Montana, probably
cutting off the attendance of many dele
gates and visitors from the Pacific Coast
and also, possibly, some delegates from
the Nev: England States. A majority of
the States-% however, will be represented
by delegates. If not by visitors. Chair
man Butler expresses the opinion that all
the States and Territories will be either
wholly or partially represented, except
Alabama, Arkansas. Mississippi. Georgia,
Florida. Vermont, Xew Hampshire and
Rhode Island.
There probably will be some contest
over the position of national chairman.
State Chairman Edmiston of Nebraska is
a candidate for the position, and appar
entlv has the support of Nebraska's
neighboring States. Senator Butler has
not yet announced whether he will be a
candidate for re-election.
¦ The weather man now makes a favor
able promise for the opening cf the con
vention. The skies are perfectly clear and
there Is apparently no danger e.xcept from
wind. There has been a stiff breeze blow-
Ing to-day, and It split two sections of the
huge tent in which the convention is to
be held. This incident, oftcourse, causes
feme apprehension as to th? result In case
of a repetition of to-day's weather condi
tions after the assemblage of the conven
tion.
MAY SEEK TO LEAD
MIDROAD PROCESSION
CINCINNATI, Ohio. May S.-At a pro
tracted meeting to-night of the national
committee of the middle-of-the-road Pop
ulists plans were perfected for the routine
business of the national convention,
which will be called to order, in Robin
son's Opera-house at 1 o'clock to-morrow
afternoon. Former Congressman Hpward
of Alabama wll be recommended to the
convention for temporary chairman. After
the appointment of the credentials com
mittee the convention will resolve itself
into an "experience meeting." T,his will
be for the benefit cf the members of the
committee on resolutions. It will be the
endeavor of the leaders to hear an expres
sion of opinion on the part of every State
represented before the resolutions com
mittee goes to work. It Is probable the
speech-making will be cortTlnued at the
night session; that on Thursday morning
the resolutions committee will report and
that nominations will then be taken up.
Jgnatius Donnelly's boom for the Presi
dential nomination presented a rather
healthy appearance this evening, but
there was little mention of a candidate
for Vice President In case Mr. Donnelly
should be selected for first place. Until
late this evening Mr. Donnelly had not
openly declared his wish to be placed at
the head of the ticket, but to-night it was
asserted that he had made the definite
announcement of his candidacy. He had
all alorg expressed a willingness to ac
cept first place if the convention desired
him to do so. but said he was not urging
his own merits.
* Another surprise was the presentation
of the namrs of former Congressman M.
W. Howard of Alabama for President
and D. Clem Deaver of Nebraska for
Vice President. This combination found
a great deal of favor among the varioua
delegations not controlled by Barker or
Donnelly, and at a caucus "this evening
of the Nebraska delegation the forty-six
votes from that State were pledged to
Howard and Deaver. The situation is
thus greatly complicated, making predic
tions for the Presidential ticket mere
guesswork.
Reports made by Secretary Jo A. Par
ker to the National Committee at its
meeting this evening showed that nearly
700 delegates have already arrived in the
city. Every State in the Union, with the
exception of North and South Carolina
and Vermont, will be represented.
Secretary Parker's report in the matter
of ; expenses was an astonishing docu
ment. It showed that the work of or
ganizing the middle-of-the-road conven
tion, which has been carried on since the
split at Lincoln on February 39, has cost
less than $800. This sum includes all the
expenses of the convention' In this city
and showed the smallest outlay of any
national convention of its size in the his
tory of the country. Chairman Deaver of
the national committee expressed him
self as well pleased with the record made,
but declared emphatically that he would
not accept the position of national chair
man for the ensuing four years.
TROUBLE AHEAD
FOR POPULISTS
Sioux Falls Convention Delegates
Are Divided as to the Policy to
Be Pursued by the Party.
One Faction Favors and Another Opposes the
Nomination of a Candidate for the Vice Pres
idency—Conferences Without Result.
SIOUX FALLS. S. D.. May 8.-The in
crease cf delegates and the approach to
tho time of calling the National Populist
Convention to ©rd»-r served to accentuate
the differences of opinion among the dele
gates as to the policy to be pursued with
reference to the nomination of a candidate
for the Vice Presidency. As time goes It
becomes more and more evident that this
Is practically the oniy question which
the convention will have to decide, and It
Is occupying th« attention of delegates
and visitors alike so exclusively as to
render the situation quite monotonous
on that account. There is occasional ref
erence to the platform, and it is under
stood that a few of the long-headed lead
ers have been drawing up plans and 6Ug-
Crstlr.g propositions for incorporating in
tne declaration of principles, but while
tljjs is true, the great majority of persons
In attendance are discussing the Vice
i reslder.Ual problem.
Most cf the delegates held conferences
this afternoon, but none of them reached
any definite conclusion.
Tec greatest difference of opinion
araong the delegates from States Is
ehown in Nebraska, Kansas, Iowa and
Missouri delegates. Nebraska delegntes
feel that th^y are In a peculiarly deli
cate position, because they are especially
anxious to sjbpfn-e the interests of Mr.
Uryan. They held two meeting's during
tne day, but faiU-d to reach a decision,
and will meet again to-morrow at 3
o'clock for- further consideration as to
what course to pursue. Senator Allen,
who may considered the leader of tho
delegation, a-s he is also the special cham
pion of Mr. Bryan, js exercising himself
especially to secure that action which
«r*a most certainly reiound to Bryan's
boneflu A majority of the delegates from
Xebraska are apparently favorable to the
reference of tht whole question to a com
mittee of one from "ojcti Slate, to be ap
i?oint«d to confer with the Democrats at
Kansas City, and It is believe J that Sen
ator Allen is in accord with this se.nl
ment. Jn his exhortations to the delega
tions he has dv/eit especially upon the im
jiortance or avoiding in* 1 complication
>v.*iich the nomination of Watson for Vice
President caused in ls&i, the inference be
ing that he believes that any nomination
iii this :ln;» would be liable to cause a
sirniiar complication in the coming cam
j^ai^-n.
Populist Senators Disagre*.
Jn this position Senator Alien is sharply
antagonized by Senator Iiutler of North
Carolina and Senator Pottigrew of this
State. It may be said, in fact, that the
l*r.itf<l States Senators who are present
are facing conflicting: opinions on this
all-absorling question, and it begins to
look up if they would carry their differ
ences into tlxc convention itself. In case
they do the convention will be by no
m« ans a monotonous affair. Thomas M.
Patterson of the Colorado delegation is
ii T>eal' us supporter of the proposition to
r..ime a. conf-Tenee committee and not
Dominate a Vice Presidential candidate.
Jle is an experienced and tactful parlla
mt-ntarian and will brine much strength
to that side of the controversy in case it
fchouid be opened in the convention.
The Colorado delegation,, numbering
thirty-eight mc-mbers, held a meeting to
day and decided to stand out for a con
ference committee. Butler and Pettigrrew
arc unquestionably exerting their utmost
endeavors i'.i iieralf cf Mr. Towne. and.
vtii'r- «/i«ry appreciate that there are still
r.'.any obstacles to overcome, they express
• nems'lves in private conversation as
>cunfident of success.
One straw showing the. way the wind
blows is found in a vote which was taken
on t»ie special train coming from Omaha
this morning'. Two cars containing sixty
eiglu d*iegates were canvassed, and of
the sixty-t-ight votes cast fifty-eight were
favorable to Towne. There is, however,
among those who believe in the wIecjoto of
ijnminct'ng a candidate some opposition
to Mr. Towne.
There is a certain element , led by Gen
eral Weaver of Iowa, which is advocating
the nomination of a straight Populist
ticket, vhile there are others still who ex
press the opinion that if a candidate other
than a Populist is to be nominated he
should be a man of Democratic proclivi
ties, so as to make sure of -his indorse
ment by the Democratic convention. In
this connection some of the Illinois dele
gates have sussfsted ex-Viee President
Adlai K. Stevenson. There Is also pres
ent a gentleman from New York who is
circulating very industriously among the
delegates in the interest of Congressman
Sulzcr. He assure? them that Mr. Sulzer
Is In accord with many of the Populist
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
\ ¦¦•; . ¦ • - , - - : -- ¦ . - - "¦
Pugilist Jeffries Admits His Belief That d His
Fel!ow=Californian Is in Better Condition
Than He Has Been for Years.
EX-CHAMPION CORBETT SAID TO
HAVE REGAINED HIS OLD FORM
3
AD VERTISEMENTS.
On a $5000 Bor.d to Prove Otherwisj.
I Am Still Selling the Genuine
Sanden",BeIt at' HALF PRICE,
I CHALLENGE THE WORLD
Don't Worry
702 MARKET ST., ROOM 3,
SAN fit AN CISCO.
Mine. is no model, no imitation, but
the -real bona fide A. T. Sanden
protected by U. S. patent, made in
1899, the latest, up-to-date, the only
Sanden, With no marks or perforations
to mislead people;. and, better still, .you
get them from me at the cut rates of:
No. 7 $40.00 Belt 'for"' $20.00;?. No. 6
$30.00 Belt. $15.00; No. 5 $20.00 Belt
§10.00; rather than pay other concerns
which bob up here. and there and are
gone.: to-morrow, who ask an \ ex-
tortionate price for a mere duplicate of
the. Belt, thousands of which I am sell-
ing. Call on me and I . will> soon«put
you on the right track as to /your condi-
tion and the belt you ; need, or write for
my, book. "Three Classes of Men," free.
DR. S.S. HALL,
SENT FREE TO MEN !
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
to All Who Write
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
Fre« trial paekaevs of a most remark-
ab!« remedy are being mailed to ail who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the nental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
!s a home treatment, and all men who
FufTer with any form of sexual weaknei?
reeultlnir from youthful folly, premature
lors of strength and memory, weak back,
varieoctle or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly rrateful
«?ffert of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, plving strength
and development just where It If needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from yean« of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
*uceess In all cases. A reauest to the
State Medical Institute. 228 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you d»sire one of their free trial pack-
p.ees will be complied with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
rreat class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and - the free
Fample will «>n*bl# them to see how easy
It is to be cured of sexual weakneco when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent -a free sample.
*»nr«»fij!ly foaled In a plain packaire. sn
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment «r ¦puhlidtv. Readers ere
requested to write without delay.
Don't Give Up the Ship.
When the demon of disease has pur-
sued ycu to the very brink of despair,
don't RJve up the ship. When the
long, sleepless nights of restless to r -
lure and the days of worn' and care
and pain have shut out the last" ray
of hope and your- tired brain would
welcome death as a grateful deliverer,
don't give up. Others have suffered
as lon>? as you and still have found re-
lief. Mrs. i/ora Lesley, South Whitley.
Indiana, writes:
"I used to have numb spells that
would last for hours; had pains all
over my body: had no appetite and
my head pained me so that I thought
I «f uld lose my mind. After suffering
tills way for years my health was finally
restored with a few bottles^ of the Dr.
Miles' Restorative Nervine."
i Dr. Miles* Nervine is sold at -.all
X.'lnis^stores on a positive guarantee.
Write for free advice and booklet to
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
I GET HUDYAN MD GET WELLl
\':W[ : RHEUMATISM \ J
S fffli Pains in Limbs, Pains in Joints, \|m g
P li ' P ains tn Muscles, Pain in Back, |& g
g fi Swelling of Limbs', Swelling of Joints, li g
« II Swelling of Muscles, Pain Over Heart, $M m
v \Hl\ Stiffness of Joints, Fluttering of Heart, &£ &
1 %• HUDYAN CURES. B f
| ALL DRUGGISTS, /M/ §
5 THIS PAINFUL AFFECTION IS DUK TO FOREIGN ELEMENTS fACIDS) IN «
X the blood. • HUDTAN cures, because HUDTAN counteract* these poisonous acids, and fi
JD by ftently stimulating the liver and kidneys to Increased activity, eliminates these acidn c5
" from t^ srft»m. HUDTAN aftord3 prompt and nerfect relief from aches and pains W
6 in mvscles nnd Joints, and Is for men. and worsen. Ton need not suffer; HUDTAN <g
« will cure you. One package affords relief; six packages will cure. Q
Q r > F r T' H3 1HVAM from your dnifrg:.«t. CCc a package, six packages $2 50. If^S
S llC I nULIl All he does not keep It, fend direct to HUDTAN REMEDT O
Q CO.. corner Stockton. Ellis and Market streets. San Francisco. Cal. Q
g 4 '-4- of the KUDY N REMEDY CO. may be consulted by 8
S I DOCTORS leiter op j a p erS on. Write your symptoms. §
g SEND FORFREE CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS OF THE GREAT HUDTAK. «
: _ — £- . f . — .
1 OPEN
SAN FRANCISCO
I rmrAr.o v
Santa Fe Route
H The Atchlson, Topeka nnd Santa Fe Kailway System begs to iS
H ' announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to §
a It is the only railway which owns and controls its track from • 5
11 the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan. n
H It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and it ¦
H hopes to receive a generous proportion of the public patronage. 6j
R • May 1st freight will be handled regularly to and from the East H
H and all points in the San Joaquin Valley, and Southern California, h
H Freight Depot: Corner Spear and Harrison Streets. M
H The date for inaugurating passenger train service will be ¦
S announced later. ¦ < y
1 JOHNJ.BYKNE, y EDWARD CHAMBERS, 1
8 General PassengeV Agent, General Freight Agent, gj
H Lines west of Albuquerque. H
H l W.A. BISSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe System. pjRichard Flaherty (owner) with Patrick F.
Ward (contractor), architects ircDou«all Broth*
ers— All alterations and additions to make a
two-story frame building on S line of McAllis
ter «treet, 110 B of Polk, E m by 3 130;. JUS*
Shlels Estate Company (owners) with William
Little (contractor), architect T. Paterson Roes-
Brick, carpenter. Iron, painting, tinning and
galvanized iron work ar.d g!as« for a three
f»ory brick building on S line of Hush, street.
E of Kearny. 7O:t by 137 :«: CM.**)- '
Martin Sachs Company Incorporated (nwner>)
with Robert Mitchell (contractor), architect O.
w. Percy— Support and. underpinning tor Xb
wall of one-story brick buildins on X Una of
Market street. 151:11 SW of Jones. 25 by 1W;
$lloO. . .-.,.. • ¦ .
Builders' Contracts.
Mary E. Anthony (Andrews, wife of J. A.)
to Sarah E. Barnes (wife of Edward H.). com
mencing at a point 35 feet SW from W corner
of JVse and Brannan streets SW SO by NW 130,
gift.
Antoinette N. and J. N. Bnrk to W. B.
Bourn. lot on SE corner of Mission str^t. 45:10
SW of Steuart. SW 45:10 t>y SE 137:«; »19.000.
Louise and Amand Decourtlenx Jr. and AlJce
Botto to Martin and Clartndo L. Cresalia, lot
on S line of Union street, 206:8 W of Mason.
W 34:4«4 by S 137:«; $10.
State Savings Bank of Oakland to Francises
Barta. lot on SW corner of Fortieth avenue
and K street. W 90 by S 100; J10.
Ar.n Towns to J. D. Natrne. lot on NW Una
of Telegraph (Mission) road, 25 ME of Ting
ley utreets. NE 25. W 75. S 25. E 70. lot 154.
Academy Tract; $10.
Flora A. Eland to Emma A. HultbeTjr. lot
on SE line of Buena Vista avenue, 66:11 JJB
of Park Hill avenue. NE 32:4H. 3 121:7*6 W
20. N W7:Sft. block B. Park Hill Homestead;
110.
Same to John H. Coult. lot on SE line of
Buena Vista avenue. 99:3 1-3 NE of Park Hill
avenue. NE 16. SH. E 11, S 123, W.28. JJ O-? 1-3.
block B. same; $10.
Martin Brannan (by J. H. Scott, Tax Col
lector) to Celeste M. Vergez. lot on W line of
Dolores street. 64 N of Malloy, N !0 by W 25,
block 30. Fairmount Tract, tax deed; $1
Peter Alferitz (by same) to fame, same tax
deed; $3. .
BEAT, ESTATE TBANSACTTIOWS.
Margaret Smith to Edward. J. Smith, lot on
E line of Fair Oaks ¦treet. CO N or Tw«xty
flfth, N 25 by E 100; gift.
Oscar F. Perry »nd Sarah Sink (Perry) to
"William J. Herrtn. lot on W Un« of Clara ave
nue. 1SS N of Eighteenth; alao lot JU E of Hat
tie. N IS by XV 138; *10.
Mary G. Lion ( Jobson), Gnst&T* P*. Lion.
Clara H. Lion (JobsorO. Fanni» F. William*
and Ada M. Jobson (wife of William O.) to
Lorenzo Scatena (two-fifths), Amadeo P. Olan
ninl (two-fifths) and Geore» J. Gtanninl (on»
nfth). lot on SE corner of Sacramento and l_>u
pont streets. E 71:1V* by S 112:6; 110.
Mary J. Stlllman. Grace A. Wagoner and
Charles C. Welsh to Cesare Brlzzolara, lot oa
S line of Water street. 70 E of Taylor, E tl:«
by S 51:8; JtO-
George • E. and Pauline A. Ames to William
M. Thornton. lot on X line of California street.
142:6 W of Jones. "W 27:« by N* 137:6; HO.
William M. and Helen H. Thornton to Georgs
E. Ames, lot on N line of California street. 170
W of Jones. W 27:8 by N 137:6; $1QL
John A. Hicks to Aaron Kahn, lot on SW
line of First street, W SG of Mission. SE 23
by SW 75: 110.
Mary O'Connor to Anns T. Tubbs, lot on
E line of Florida street. CO N of Butte, N 23
by E 100; .$10. '
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Albert
Knowles. lot on 3 line of Eighteenth (Solano)
street. 23 W of Utah. W 25 by S 100; tlO.
STANFORD
HAPPENINGS
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 8.-
The Sigma Sigma fraternity, which is the
junior class society at Stanford, gave- its
initiation dinner In ' San Jose Saturday
evening at the St. James Hotel. The ini
tiates were: F. A. Cprbusier, D. V. Cow
den, G. C. Dennia, R. G. Fernald, S. P.
Hardy. H. N. Kuechler, H. L. Lang
necker, L. M. Lawson and F. E. Naftz
ger.
The Palo Alto Choral Society, under the
leadership of J. J. Morris, gave an en
joyable concert to-night in the assembly
hall.
The members of the Stanford debating
team, which won the intercollegiate con
test from Berkeley Saturday, were given
a banquet at the university last evening
by members of the faculty. The women
of the university will also give a recep
tion to Miss Anna G. Fraser at Roble
next Saturday afternoon in recognition
of the honor which she has brought home
to them.
FAMILIAR OLD
WAR CLOUD IN
SERVICE AGAIN
Paris Editor Predicts Strife
Between America and
Germany.
PARIS, May S.— The Patrie. an after
noon Nationalist newspaper, classed as
sensational, in a dispatch from London to
day, claims to have discovered the real
reason for the friendly attitude of Em
peror William cf Germany toward Great
Britain at the present Juncture. It de
clares it to be the German Emperor's be
lief that war between Germany and the
United States Is possible, and, in view
of that contingency, he wishes to win
over Great Britain to neutrality. Continu
ing, The Patrie recalls the friction ranged
by the action of the German naval com
mander Admiral Diedncns, at *»ian.ia.
and affirms that the opposition of the
United States to Emperor William's
dream of founding a greater Germany in
Brazil and Argentina Is responsible for
the coldnes in the relations between the
two countries. It concludes: -
"War between America and Germany
is, therefore not impossible In the near
future, and It is In view of this war, and
not with hostile Intentions toward Eng
land, that Germany Is making unheard-of
efforts to Increase her navy. In the In
terval the sole aim of German policy is
to prevent an Anglo-American alliance.
There is 1 the secret of Emperor William's
attitude, for 11 England believed In a coal
ition of the powers against her she would
not hesitate to conclude a Yankee alli
ance. The Emperor, therefore, is striving
to appear devoted to England In order to
more surely realize his dream and make
Brazil and Argentina future dependencies
of the German Empire."
The San Francisco Belgian Hare Club
elected permanent officers at Its meeting
Monday evening. The following were
elected officers: President, George H. Ful
ler; vice president, Dr. S. R. Jacobs; sec
retary, D. C. Bole; treasurer. Ira B. Dal
zlel; directors. A. F. Hopke. E. C. Fowler.
Alexander McDonald, Mrs. E. B. Levy
and C. A. Muller. . •-.«*¦
Belgian Hare Club.
won and lost by a wild throw by Williams. In
the ninth PittBburg had the bases full, with
;no one out, but star fielding prevented a run.
Attendance, 2100. Score:
- —« i r. h. E.
¦ Pfttsburg- '....... 1 7 3
Chicago .......;. J g i
Batteries— Chesbro and Zimmer:' Klllen and
Chance. Umpire— Hurst.
"Warspite at Monterey.
MONTEREY, May 8.— The British
cruiser TVarspite left here this afternoon,
after forty eight hours' stay, going direct
to Esquimault. B. C.
ance with instructions from the Fire
Chief, the management had Increased the
number of exits at the theater so that the
building can now be emptied under ordi
nary conditions in five minutes' time; also
the general precautions against fire had
been arranged to the patisfaction of the
Fire Department. He would stand ready
to report to Mr. de Young what changes
the Supervisors thought necessary to
make the theater perfectly safe.
On behalf of the management of
Fischer's Music Hall, Mr. Samuel3 asked
that the ordinance be changed so as to
make Borne distinction between theaters
and places like Fischer's, because in the
latter class of places, where refreshments
are served. It is impossible to fasten the
seats to the floor and make a hard and
fast rule, as it is proposed to do with the
playhouses.
When they got to discussing technicali
ties in the arrangement of theaters the
Supervisors found that they were in a
'helpless tangle, and they were glad to
.accept the invitation of Mr. Deane to
¦meet again to-day at the Alcazar Theater
iwith their printed regulations and charts.
THERE was a conference yesterday
afternoon between the members of
the Fire and Judiciary committees
of the Board of Supervisors and the
managers of some of the theaters upon
the ordinance now being framed to better
regulate the construction of theaters and
their interior arrangement, so that the
danger from flre or panic will be reduced
to a minimum. Chairman Brandenstein
of the committee acted as chairman, and
there were present besides him Supervi
sors Maguire. Curtis and Tobin, Commis
sioner of Public: Works Manson, Chief of
Police Sullivan and Assistant Fire Chief
Shaughnessy Manager \V. H. I^eahy
of the Tivoli Theater was the only theat
rical man present, but the Alcazar The
ater was represented by John Deane and
Fischer's Music Hall by R. Samuels.
Some time ago the Fire Committee
made an inspection of all the theaters In
town, and their report, printed at the
time, called attention to the fact that the
Tivoli, Alcazar and Grand Opera-house
Commissioner Manson explained to the
gentlemen present the main features • of
the new ordinance, illustrating his talk
by means of a big chart showing the
ground plan of a model fireproof theater.
He paid that th* ordinance would not only
apply to theaters and places of public
amusement In the fire limits, but through
out the entire city.
Messrs. Leahy, Deane and Samuels
took part in the general discussion, as did
also Assistant Fire Chief Shaughneesy
and Chief of Police Sullivan. Deane con
fessed that he did not know much about
theaters, as he only represented M. H. de
Young's property interests. He paid that
during the past twelve months, in accord-
•were not arranged with reference to exits
and fire protection bo that they could
come within the terms of the ordinance
it is proposed to frame governing such
matters. The wish of the Supervisors, as
Chairman Brandenstein explained yester
day, is to talk over matters with the man
agers of the various playhouses, and to
give them every opportunity of under
standing and complying with the ordi
nance before it goes Into effect.
Bits of Humor Injected Into a Serious Subject.
HOTEI*
T S Cleland. Bowlder
C E Glldden, Sicson
W H Bonsall. Loa Ana;
F F Williamson. Waah
J N Moore. Stockton
Mrs M W Allen, fitktn
DrJB ReaS, Stktn
F H Read. Stockton '
Mrs W E Muserave & ¦
sister. Wash
E W wood*. Stockton
C C Swain. Stockton
A H Atherton, Boston
C B Hamilton. Colton
G Newell Jr. Phlla
J E Jeeter. Phoenix
J Joelson. N Y
J G Selby & w. Cal
Mies M S«lby. OU
T Jones. Grass Valley
;G S Loope. Mich
Hon E C Hart. Sacto
W M Lowell. Sacto
E P Unansst. Cal
|B F Lewis. Madera
•; R C Reynolds & w. Me
IE E Balrd, N* Y
Miss Baird. N Y
W D Burnhe.lm. N Y
H Ballou. Butte
Mrs Slater. Denver
Miss Slater, Denver
A von Wagner, N Y
B S Ourr.ee. Hanford
E C Irving. Col
T P Elliott. N Y
C Francee. Salinas
|H H McWUllams.Stkta
I W Gardner. Cal
;T B Bond. Lakeport
J W Ga»klll. Sacto
F J Dunn. Santa Rosa
: H G Raaf. Cal
O M Shepherd & w.
i San Jose
I Mrs H E Branner,
Haywood
Mrs ECLacr.Haywnod
J D Bradley. Merced
W B Ambrose, Cal
' C M Kenlston. Stktn
fB ffcnirrel. >T Y
W T Falllne, San Jose U
F A Balltn. Portland
'Mm N M Strau. Cal
HOTEL.
[F E Shaw. Butte
C S Battuman. Butte
Mrs J D Redding. N Y
J B Patton. N Y
C W Hersey & w. Cal
Mm Lee. San Miguel
E S Hangeniteiia & w.
Newman,
N F Smith. San Carlos
O O Howard Jr. Cal
O J Smith & w. Reno
E C Jayne. Phlla
Miss M Durham. Phil*
M!» A Durham, Phlla
H P Nye. San Diego
C Prosaist A w. Ger
W Parker. Lob An*
T H CralK. N Y
P Henrlcot. Belfftam
V Seurt. Belgium
H W Steele. N Y
S Hlr»ca. Pa
F W Hall»weIL Booton
Mrs J Ferguson. CSri
3RN HOTEL*
F F Knight, Sacta
Mrs Knight. Sacto
H A Pratt. Los An*
S E Ballard. Bta Rom
J Lawson. Victoria
Dr W M Ehkrp, N T
Mrs Sharp. N Y
Miss L J Sharp. S Jose
H Vrrtan. Fresno
T R Graham, Colo
Mrs Graham. Colo
Miss A H Gatetjr. Cal
Mrs Wolff. Cal
PALACE
J Geog-heffan. St Lake
C B Marks. Kjr
G W Codman, Loe Ang
S J Henry. St Lak»
L Kin*. New York
C B Prescott. Oregon
E J Depue. Cal
C L Jaeger Cal
J Rosene. Seattle
C F Bach. Wash
J B Metealf. Wash
J G Roasman. Wash
F S Duncan. X Y
J A Davidson & w.Can
1a W Adams, Boston
A L Homer, Los Any
J Hammer. St Paul
O Scatter * w, Detroit
W Scatter. Detroit
Miss P Scatter. Detroit
M J Root. Buffalo
W English ft w. Ont
Mrs A Berrevln. ChffO
D Kletb A w, Chicago
NEW WESTI
J Ednrards, San Jose
A Carmlchael. Arizona
W Rouse, Sonoma
Mrs Rouse, Sotroma
E L Bennett. Axis
Mrs Bennett. Arizona
W J "West, Texas
R W Gates. Chicago
T M Crawford. Sacto
R E Gtllespte, Merced
T H Morrell. Chicago
V M MeCar.n. Chicago
H Wulff. Cal
GRAND
L A Hilborn. Cal
E D Cowan. Seattle
O K Burton. Cal
A W Fox. Cal
W O Read. Colmia
C W Eaatin. Modesto
T L Gates. Vacavllle
J A Armltage. Seattle
J D Wads worth. Cal
E S Llppett, Fetaluma
O M Pock. Stockton
E M Elliott. Los An
J W Marshall, Cal
J Lawson, Alaska
S Henry. Stockton
II Thompson, Cal
J C Franks. Cal
P J Gardner. Cal
W D Buckley, Stktn
H Pay. San Jose
E W Sperry. Stockton;
J R Weeks. Stockton
Mrs J R Oarnett. Cal
r> J Crowley, Tacoma
W F Dovell. Wash |
C E Claypoole, Seattle
W Martin. Seattle
J R Robinson & w,
CM co
M Thotns#n. Seattle
W E> Hopkins. Seattle
J Chase, Victoria
J T Blt>b. Tacoma
E Cardin, Seattle
H Smith. Stockton
W O Meyers, Angels
C Waddln&ham. N T
Mrs M Ellis. Butte
U R Bryam. Cariboo
R F Klmball & w. N Y
O Burcher, Cal
J O Bureess. Elcajon
F Harkness. Lea Ang
A W Malt by. Concord
J Craig & w. Hlghton
J W Newklrk. Portland
F J Stegmelr & w. Pa
Mrs V Bauman. Pa
A P Miller. Chicago
J R Jones. Vacavllle
MIm L Strau.Red BlnfT
K H Ward. Red lilutl
W J Kavanagh & wf,
Sacramento
J Williams, Fresno
Clubs— W. I* Pel Clubs^- W. I* Pc.
Philadelphia 11 5 .6S5!St. Louis...... 7 8 .467
Cincinnati ... 9 6 .600 Pittsburg .... 7 9 .438
Brooklyn ....10 7 .588 New York.... 6 9 .40)
Chicago .....8 9 .4711 Boston S 10 .333
BOSTON, May 8. — A small crowd saw Boston
defeated in to-day's game. After Plttinger had
been hit for seven runs In the fifth Bailey wac
pubstltuted and only one | more run ' was scored
in the game. The fielding of the New Yorks
was excellent. Attendance, 800. Score:.: -.<¦ .<-f..--
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boeton 4' 11 6
New York .....13 16 0
Batteries— Pitting**, Bailey and Clarke; Gar
rick and Bower-man. Umpire — Connolly. . :
ST. LOUIS. May 8.— Th« 8^ Louis Club
clauKhtered Newton In the first two Innings
to-day. Scott also got his bumping* in good
style. Old Ous Weyhlng pitched in good form.
Attendance, 900. - Score:
Club*- R. H. E.
St. Louis » 13 4
Cincinnati - 7 » 1
Batteries — Weyhlng and Criger; Newton,
Scott and Wood. Umpire— O" Day.
BROOKLYN. May ».— Philadelphia outplayed
Brooklyn at all points, winning by good stick
work and Bemhard's fine pitching. ' The bat
ting- of Sla* le. Flick and i Lajole was the f ea
ture. Attendance. 3W0. Score:. '. ,
Clubs- R..H. E.
Philadelphia 10 15 4
Brooklyn ; 8,, U^?4
- Batteries— B«rnhard ¦ and McFartand; XHinn.
Howell and McGulre. Umpire— Emslle.
PITTSBURO, . May. 8.— After.ften innings of
superb work by ¦ both * pitchers ¦¦ the game was
STANDING ' OF THE CLUBS.
National League.
Quakers Increase Their Lead in the
BROOKLYN BEATEN.
A treat Is In store for those who are
fond of sports of the field or stirring ac
tion where men and horses are the cen
tral figures. The men of Burllngame
Country Club, pronounced as fine horse
men as are to be found In any land, are
to play polo to-morrow afternoon on the
athletic grounds. Golden Gate Park. Game
will be called at 3:45 p. m. As play will
not be concluded until 5 o'clock it 1b ex
pected many men of affairs will find an
opportunity of seeing at least one period
of the game.
The Burlingame men are fresh from the
polo fields of Southern California, where
they swept everything before them. Their
ponies were fleeter of foot than those of
the southland and their game had a dash
and abandon that' swept everything before
it. The result was that scores were gen
erally one-sided, and the colors of the
San Mateo County clubmen were always
carried to victory. • The teams as made
up are as follows:
Reds. Positions. Whites.
Charles Dunphy No. 1 C. Raoul-Duval
Lawrence Waterbury..No. 2.... J. S. Tobln
Walter S. Hobart No. 3 "Tom" Drlscoll
R. M. Tobln No. 4 John Lawson
Lawrence "Wfiterbury, who will-play on
the "Reds" with Walter S. Hobart, is one
of the great players of the East, having
been a member of some of the crack
teams there. '¦ "Tom" Driscoll, the left
handed wlelder of the polo mallet, who
would rather play than eat, has cast in
his lot with the "Whites," where his reck
less daring should result in numerous
goals. '
No fee of any description le exacted
from those who may wish to view the
game. The ladies of the Burlingame con
tingent will probably view the game from
their four-in-hand coaches, which ¦\*111 be
lined up along the south drive.
Edward I. Tobin and Peter D. Martin
will alternate as referee and umpire.
Clever Horsemen to Compete
in This Brilliant
BURLINGGAME
MEN TO PLAY
POLO IN PARK
barge crew of the University of California
has disbanded, two of its members having
graduated and accepted positions in the
wor'd of business. .. :
The regatta committee will communicate
with the railroad officials, setting -forth
the wish of the oarsmen to hold a regatta
on Oakland Creek and promising that the
necessary prizes shall be provided by the
Pacific Association. A meeting of the re
gatta committee will be held next Mon
day to accept the entries for the junior
skiff race, appoint officials for '.'ladles'
day" at Belvedere and settle the order of
events.
FAST DOGS WILL RUN
FOR MIDWEEK STAKE
Thirty-Six Nominations Were Made
for To-Morrow's Event at Ingle
side Coursing 1 Park.
The draw for the midweek stake to be
run at Ingleside Coursing Park to-mor
row was held last night at Pythian Castle.
Thirty-six nominations were made. The
dogs were paired as follows:
Midweek stake. thlrty-Eix entries— S. Ma
honey's Chief of the Hill vs. W. Cramer's Jesse
Moore: Connell Bros.' Green Isle vs. F. Pas
son's Kitty Scott; A. L. Austin's Firm Foe
vs. S. Mahoney'B Nellie G, A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan xs. Farley Bros." St. Canlmlr; J. Ken
redys Wine West vs. P. Rellly's Beauty Hose;
Lowe & Thompson's King's Borderer vs. D.
Shannon's Strand of Gold; E. Casserly's SI-
lenct? vs. D. Dillon's Prince George; Farley
BroB.' I.a.iy Shamrock va. N. Hartery'a Inde
pendent: A. F. Moore's Decency ve. T. J.
McHugh'B Maid of the Mill; J. Flower's Key
stone vs. D. Ford's Bonlta; Connell Bros.*
Clover vs. A. Johnson's Lowlander; Uande &
Gertxr's Mount Ida vs. J. Holloway's Brian
Uoni; J. Keenan's Royal Oak vs. D. K. Car
ter'* Tottle C: S. Handy*» Free and Easy vs.
F. McCorab'e Storm King; Lowe & Thompson's
Little Fullerton vs. Charles Kohl's Sweet
Briar: D. Shannon's Safeguard vs. J. Kee
nan's Mix a Monte; J. Kennedy's Ever Shore
vk. H. A. Deckelman's Moiilla: Maher & Reid's
Singleton ve. F. Mark's Delia M.
Jesse Moore, Green Isle, Firm Foe,
Tod Sloan, Wine -West, King's Borderer,
Prince George, Independent, Maid of the
Mill, lionlta, Lowlander, Mount Ida, Royal
Oak. Free and Easy. LJttle Fullerton.
Safeguard. Ever Shore and Delia M are
looked upon to win their courses in the
rundown.
WHEELER'S AX
HAS DONE BUT
LITTLE HARM
He Has Made Only a Few
Minor Changes at
Berkeley.
Mrs. Phebe Hearst Again Befriends
the University — Wail for Funds
From the Hedical De
partment.
President \\ tiwlf r's report upon the
faculty of the university for next year
has been submmted "•¦-•• his recommend
ations and appointment* have be«>n rati
fied by the regents. There are but few
changes, none among the higher places.
a fact that will cause a Jeng breath of
relief to be drawn among the hills of
Berkeley. His :wx appointments are as
follows:
F. J. Snow. stu<lf!it HFsWant In agricultural
l«b.>r*tnr> ; Ad«-!ald»- Hoi*, student assistant in
4istrr*noTny ; A. A. I-hw-foti. :is-s>i;in* professor
of botany; F. Ixiist, arsinant chemist: A. E.
Chandler, Instructor in civil engineering; F. L..
BurckhalUr, in*-truotr>r in civil enKinc'nng.
K'jfer Sherman i'hclj*. assistant in Knislifh; B.
Winter, assistant in iinslifh; IX A. Macliae.
read->r In <JiTetk; Ad«jl2>!i O. Millar, vrotrsaor of
Usance. A. Morse St^-rhens, lecturer on mod
ern history; George H. IV>k, instructor in his
tory; lVrriek l^ehmer. assistant professor in
matheiriatlrt; L>. R. rurtiF. assistant in mathe
c.a',:• -:-. Jamee I). Mortimer and A-'C. Jlabson.
tM-. >•>,•'•> In electrical engineering; F. O.
Calkins, aa&lst&nt in mineral-try; Walter N.
For.g. assistant in Oiln"*-'; Vi^hlsalHiro Kuno,
ar»-l*tam. in Jtijan^^; <S. W. Ltakeweil. fellow
in philcfoj-hy; Marj" H. Ricfr. medical exam
iner of wnmen anJ lecturer CO thf> hygiene of
woman : W. T. Ski 11 ing, ::-.- -:.i:,t in ;>hysics;
F. W. Bancroft. inFtructcr In physiology; H. A.
Oi-crstreet. traveling fellow In philosophy;
Flo;r<i Watson. tra\-eling fellow in phytics.
The changes in employes are: V. II. !
Henuerson, president's secretary; Rich
ard Roe. janitor of south hall; George
Hawkshaw, Janitor of chemical labora
tory; \V. 13. Armes, secretary of the edi
torial committee, with salary reduced
from C50 to $150 a month.
Mrs. Hearst has onoe more come to the
rescue of the State University, this time
with a gift of apparatus to the depart
ment of pathology. She has. among other
th:ngp. given e-ighty microscopes, besides
eeveral of the more delicate Instruments
used in the higher branches of original
research. With hor grift Mrs. Hearst
makes the proviso that the instruments
shall be at the disposal of whoever
wishes to use them for the purpose of
original work. The gift was accepted
and the proviso was* gladly acceded to.
This makes the pathological laboratory
cf the University of California one of the
best in the country.
A communication f rom ' Dr. d'Ancona.
dean of the faculty of the medi
cal department, in which he asked
that something bo done to establish a bet
ter and more permanent system in the
medical college, was received. At pres
ent the college is supported bv fees.
These fees have been set aside for the
members of the faculty, but the faculty
has turned the f./es back for the benefit
of the institution. Dr. d'Ancona de
clared that the timo had come when the
college would have to have non-practi
tioners as professors. He stated that an
appropriation of £5.<»Xi a year would en
able the department to take rank with
the best medical colleges of the country,
and he asked that some consideration be
given to the subject. Regent Hellman
was opposed to any action in the matter
but on Regent Rodgers' motion the com
munication was refered to the committee
on medical school fcr recommendations.
On the recommendation of President
vVheeler, it was decided to restore the la
boratory fees to what they were before
May 12. 1«)8. At that time the fees were
cut in half, but to avoid a deficit they
were raised again.
Professor l^euschner was made head of
the student department of anatomy. Dr.
Harry P. Carlton was made professor of
operative dentistry in the College of Den
tistry. Professor Woodworth. professor
of entomology, was granted a year's leave
of absence at two-thirds pay." His place
will be tak<-n by his assistant, Carroll
Fowler. librarian J. C. Rowell was made
the accredited representative of the uni
versity at the International Bibliographi
cal Congress which will meet in Paris
next fall. Regent Houshton was added
to the committee on Wilmerding School.
A committee consisting of Regents Rodg
cr» and Wallace was appointed to submit
resolutions of respect to the memory of
the late Repent Albert Miller. A commit
tee consisting of Kcgems Hellman. Slack
and Rowell was appointed to submit res
olutions of respect to the memory of the
late Regent A. S. Hallidle. It wap de
cided to erect a school house on the Lick
Observatory reservation. A committee to
be named hereafter will be appointed to
submit" for the approval of the Governor
names for the standing committees of the
board for the next year.
James Moffltt notified the regents that
his annual donation of $100 for the pur
chase of books for the library would be
increased to $i!K).
H. Morse Stephens, one of the appoint
ees to fill the vacancy caused by the ab
sence of Professor Moses. Is considered
one of the greatest authorities on Euro
pean history in the United States. He is
professor of modern European history at
Cornell. He will arrive in August, re
maining one month and will give a course
of twenty lecture*, two each day until
their conclusion. One of his famous lec
tures will be "England's Government of
Her Colonies and Dependencies." Pro
fessor Stephens is an Englishman, a grafi.
uate of Balliol College. Oxford. He haa
resided in India and has published sev
eral volumes of recoprnlzed value, among
them being such works as "The French
Government." "Story of Portugal." "Por
tuguese in Kast India." etc. Ab a lec
turer he holds a very high reputation.
Adolph C. Miller, the other appointee.
Is professor of finance at jhe University
of Chicago. He was a graduate of the
University of California in 1SS7 and is one
of the most distinguished of the offspring
of h!s alma mater. Besides being a man
of the world, his work lies chiefly along
the lines of economics and social prob
lems. He will come in January and r«
main six months and will lecture on
finance and kindred subjects. As a lec
turer he Is said to be unsurpassed.
Professor Thomss Rutherford Bacon
will have charge of Professor Moses* de
partment during the latter's absence.
GREYHOUNDS ASSESSED
FOR THE FIRST TIME
Dr. Dodge's Deputies Axe on the Trail
of All Coursing Men "With Ken
nels in This County.
Assessor Washington Dodge is after the
coursing men. He has sent out a deputy
who has an acquaintance with the own
ers of greyhounds, and the latter are be
ing served with notices to call on the As
sessor and settle. The largest kennels,
those having upward of 200 greyhounds,
are not located In this county ,»-but a large
number of small owners are affected. It
Is estimated that there are over 2500 grey
hounds of ail ages scattered throughout
the city.
The dogs are to be taxed as are horses,
cattle, sheep or other animals at so much
on each one hundred dollars' valuation.
Greyhounds have never appeared among
the itemized list of things assessable, and
the new move of Assessor Dodge has
proved a surprise to the coursing men. It
Is expected they will comply with the law,
adding their mite to the receipts of the
municipality.
Columbia Club Gets the Fight
Boxers Nelll and Moffltt have signed a
contract to flght In this city on the 29th
lnst. before the Columbia Athletic Club.
The boxers were already under contract
to meet before the National Athletic Club
on June 1. Articles had been signed in
which they were to flght for a percentage
of the receipts, being guaranteed a certain
amount. The National Club officials hold
that this contract is still In effect and that
the rival middle-weights must live up to
thcJr part of it The^ fighters claim the
club could not carry out Its part of the
contract -owing to legal difficulties recent
ly encountered.
WILL ROW IN BARGES
ON BELVEDERE WATERS
Five Crews Ars Entered for the Jun
ior Race at the Pacific Associa
tion Regatta.
The ropatta committee of the Pacific
Association. Amateur Athletic Union, held
a meeting Monday night at the Olympic
Club at which wore present representa
tives of ail. the rowing; clubs except the
Boating Association of the University of
California. With reference to the accom
modation for ipectatots at the Olympic
regatta to be held May 20 at Belvedere
It was stated that ten thousand persons
can find ppace on Valentines Island and
along the eplt. Each -club which enters
a Junior barge crow is to be assessed ?5
toward the purchase of prizes, which may
be selected by the members of the winning
four. A. P. Rothkopf of the Dolphins has
offered a trophy for the winner of the
match race between George Baker and
Stanley Addcrley. and the regatta com
mittee will provide a prize for the Junior
outrigged skiff race. In addition to the
foregoing- events there will be a relay
ewlmminj? race and a water 'polo match
between teams of the Ariel and Olympic
dubs. The following entries were received
for the Junior barge race:
Artel Roa'lBK Club— J. Kwran, bow; E
Smith. No. 2; H. Foley, No. 3; IL Ixjbraon
•trok*; lloy Weet. cockswain.
Dolphin Hoatine Club— W\ A. Donovan, bow
R. Ollea. No. 2; H. A. Swedlund. No. J; T K
Diion. Etroke; " Boots" Everts, cockswain.
Olympic Boat Club— Geonre James, bow; p
Sturdlvant, No. 2; W. Cartwrteht, No. 3; N
J. Pr* na*cai?t. rtrckr; Phil Kane, cockswain.
Aiuin.-ia Bi.atinsr Club — Bd Hainan. 'bow; E.
B. ThominK. No. 2; B. Guild. No. »; George
i 'Lewis, stroke; Bert Cameron, cockswain.
South End Rowing Club-Charie« Jenkins
bow; Charles fikrily. No. 2; J. P. Foley. No. 3;
C. C. Dennis, stroke; Albert Sonnenberg, cock
ewaln.
In addition to the foregoing Victor Cag
lieri of the Olympic Boat Club and Charles
Wilson of the Artel Rowing Club will en
ter the Junior outrigged skiff race, the
entries for which dose to-morrow.' The
St. Louis Gets McGraw.
CLEVELAND, May 8.-Pre8ident Frank
Roblson of the St. Louis National League
Club announced to-day that Robinson
and McGraw, the two former Baltimore
players, who have been holding- . out for.
better terms than were first offered, have
finally affixed their signatures to St Louie
contract
SUPERVISORS CONFER WITH
THE THEATRICAL MANAGERS
Unable to Withstand the Sailor's
Rushes, He Succumbs to a
Straight Lref t to th«
- — -» \
CHICAGO. May 8.— Tom Sharkey. at
Tattersall's to-night, knocked out Joe
Choynski of California in two rounds. The
fighting was of the hurricane order, both
men landing repeatedly, but Sharkey had
the fight well in hand throughout.
The knock-out blow was a left jolt to
the Jaw Just as the bell sounded for the
end of the second round. Choynski tried
to respond when the third round was
called, but when he attempted to arise he
fell over on his back on the rtoor and Kef-
Ih ee I? 1 * 1 * 011 ' H °san awarded the light to
The men met for a six-round go at catch
weights. ChoynBki weighed about 165 and
the Bailor 185 pounds. Tom O'Kourke, Bob
Armstrong and Jack Root were In dhar
key 8 j corner. Choynski's interests were
•poked after by the Schrosbee family. The
betting ranged at 3 to 1 that Chbynski
would not last the six rounds and even
money that Sharkey would win on a
knock-out.
_\Vhen they came to the center 'or the
first round &harkey Immediately started
hostilities and did not give Choynski a
moment's rest .for the entire three min
utes, slugging him all over the ring and
knocking Joe down twice. Sharkey him
self tripped down twice near the end of
the round from the force of his own
blows, but finished the round in good
shape, while Choynski was platnly suffer
ing from Sharkey's terrific bombardment
of the 6tomach. ; .
In the second round Choynski tried to
keep away, but Sharkey kept coming per
sistently and forced his opponent to make
a stand. Choynaki landed several sting
ing lefts on the sailor's face, but Sharkey
paid little attention to them and kept bor
ing in with all his strength. The blows
Sharkey was landing on the Californian
wore him down gradually and Choynski
was unable to protect himself in the ex
changes. When sent to the floor he would
not take advantage of the count, but would
Jump up Just as soon as he hit the floor.
Finally Sharkey in One of the mixes got
a straight right to the stomach, which
doubled up his adversary. Then the sailor
became like a madman and lunged at
Chcyuskl, forcing his slender opponent on
the ropes. Choynski tried to flght back,
but he was too weak, and after withstand
ing the hardest kind of punishment finally
succumbed. Sharkey was well pleased
with'the result and danced a Jig as Choyn
ski was being counted out.
After six rounds of mediocre fighting
Jim Hall, the old-time Australian, was
given the decision over Tim Scanlan of
Pittsburg in one of the preliminaries.
Billy Stift and Barney Connors fought six
fast rounds to a draw.
The Californian Goes Down
• Under a Terrific Fistic ¦
Bombardment.
SHARKEY PUTS
CHOYNSKI OUT
IN THE SECOND
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL; WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
4
HOTEL ARKTV-AXS.
LOTTERY DRAWING.
OFFICIAL DRAWING
OF THE
KENTUCKY
LOTTERY
For the Month of May.
Decided by the Drawings of
The Canadian Royal Art Union,
WEDNESDAY, MAY 2, 1900.
C'ass E, Drawn at 164-3 and 164-5
Notre Damo Street. Montreal.
No. Prize. No. Prize. INo. Prize. |No. Prize.
296 20 47?.... 121 510.... 201 635.... 11
681 20! 6SS.... 12j 757 12 fcS<> 8
1047 8 1101 20) 1145 401 1423 $
1578.;... 12 16&S 12 1745 20 17S7 12
1S22 8 'l»70.... . 8 21S1.... 4Q 218S.... 8
22S7 S 2332.... 20 2716.... 8] 2745.... 12
2SM 8 2329. „.¦ 12 2331.... 8I-301S.... 2l»
3057 12 311».... 12 31S2.... 12| 3159.... 20
8305 12 3142 12 3646.... 8| 2447.... &
3*48 20 3S62 12! 41S9 121 4223 12
42i)2 12 4411.... 12 4306 8 1 4518 40
4632 12 5034.... S| 5174..... 20 5307.... 20
5435 12 5513 40( 6572.... 12 £6«3.... 20
5665:.... 8 5760.... 12| 5SS0 8 5938.... *>
6043 8 6333.... S| 63«« 8 6G2S.... 12
6545 S 6706 8| 6734 8 «7S5 12
6S97 40 7014 8| 71»7 40| 7313 8
7554..... 4D 7635 12| 7637 12| 7641 12
7647 20 76S6 20j 7703.... «) 7803 2*
7S74 20 7901.... 12| 8015.... 8 81f,6.... »
8160 60 8172.... 20| 8198. ..15000 S581.... 12
&S27 12 S>X3S.... S| 8000.... S SH120 12
9165 8 9174 40| 9233 8 9335 8
9361 8 94OJ 12; 8420 8j 9503 12
9560 8 9713 4^1 9852 8 98S3.... 12
9383 8 j
102S0 8 10312.... 8|10G3S.... 8J10545.... 12
10574...., 20110653 gilO8S3.... 12110S37 12
11127..... 12-11135.... 8'll2O2.... 8(11232.... 8
1127S 8ill2SS 8J11350 20jll352 12
11530 20 11«S3 8 11711 8J11S47 8
11907 20,11909 8il22SS »! 12238 12
12473 12J121S3.... 8|12372.... 12;126SS.... 8
127S9 8J12S32.... 40(12325.... 8ll2y*4.... 8
13008. a.. 12113115.... 12113209 12|13»74.... 8
13574. .„. 40J13915 8 13i'43 8|MO35.... 60
14121 12|14122 12,14114 8il4iO4 8
14667 12|14S34.... &\WM 8il4W> 20
15034 . 20115126 8)15239 8il5357 12
15488..... 12|154SS.... 20115841.... 12il6015.... 8
16089 8|lfi0d4.... 12|161S5.... 8116341 2D
16347 20I1G433.... 12164S7.... *Jl6679 — 8
16S70 12 1704S S;i7072.... 8.170S1.... 20
170K2 S ! 170i»9 12)17258 20:17324.'... 12
17332 8117370 8117583 20|176*t.... 8
17S20 8 17341 SJ17943 SjlxO82 8
18109 12 18175.... 20ilS564.... 2O|1375O 8
19010..... 12 19134.... 8119215.... 20J19233.... 60
19254..... 20|19319.... SJ194S2 12119517.. .. 13
19611 8119631.... 8119633.... 8|1»783.... M
19864 8i20123 8 20134 12120153 12
20372 8 20373 12 20418 8J204S0 1»
20615..:.. 8|20728.... 8 20778.... 20j20779.... 8!
20786 12 20793.... t 2OS78.... 40|20554.... 8
20W1 S21W0.... 12(21066 20|21071.... 20
21099 12 211SS.... 2O!21I2«.... S21276.... 12
21309 821513.... 20121620.... 1221776.... 12
21S04 12;21375.... 40|220«S 20i22122.... 20
22240 40J22509.... 12j22«67 12;22683 20
22787 20;22S47.... SJ22S79.... 2023108.... 8
23215 8123362.... SI23614 12J23634.... 8
23650 20,23673.... 12,23775.... 8J23S52.... 8
24106 20,24123.... 8:24206.... 8|242?2.... 40
24301 8J24325.... Sj24«46.... 12j21645.... 8
24692 8125040 RI25199 8,25527.... 20
> 25654 600'20698 12I257C6-... 8,25320.... 40
2S987 40|26OO8.... 200J26293.... 8,26453.... 8
26IS3 400026314... . 8j263«7 8|W734.... 12
26793 8 Z6S91....200O 1 26330.... 40 26977.... 200
27045 8[27144.... 8J27194.... 8 J7235.... 12
27432 8 27448.... 8i27432.... l«|27610.... 8
27703 12.27SS6 12 27897 8127931.... 8
27379 40(28043 12 2>*t">6 20|28163.... IS
2S243 12 25243.... 8 28265.... & : 2S353.... 20
23443 12'2S713 20 2SS57.... 43|2SS«0.... 20
2SS94 8:»037.... 8,29039.... 8)2&OS8.... 8
294S4 8i2955S.... 40 29579.... 12123631. ... 12
2J692 2OI297U5.... 2OJ29787 8i23353.... 20
300O7 20130C54;... 203<>230.... 12;3<12?«.... 40
30320 12'3C336.... 8 30401.... 12 tOCOO.... 40
20C89 20307^6.... 12;30710.... 12;3A7:7.... 8
30<ia! 8:30933.... 8130003 8:31040.... 12
31081 8131176.... 831204.... 8:31212.... 8
31323 " 12 31413.... 40:31435.... 12 31473.... 20
31522 2031666.... 8 31914.... 40|32126.... 12
32K2 8-32453 12 324S2.... 2O.3248S-... 8
S2643 832662.... 40:32769.... 12 32SM.... 8
3231S 832319.... 12-32317.... 2032065.... 8
33033 833173.... 8133332.... 12133352.... 20
8331.3 40334*3.... 12,33522.... 12 33:,26.... 12
836S3 8'337C6.... 6033716.... 8,3C8o4.... 12
33577 2033901.... 8 33305.... 834175.... 12
SI190.... 834191.... 1234240.... 12.3127S-... 8
342S6 8 34320.... 12131669.... 60]347o2.... 40
34S60 834349.... 12;33073.... 12J35M4.... 12
35371 20is:.423.... » K5OT""« JffiSS— ' !
EE ster itei "R|i «
S7439 1237555.... s!37363.... 40,37618.... 8
17682 .. 123779S.... 20137012.... 813SO7O.... 8
3S034 .I. lthSlH.... ? ; 3S3«.... 20I3S678.... 12
J1<692..... 123S729.... 12 3S744.... 12^8S04.... 8
K81S..!.:<"40!*»«9.... R|38a»*....^ M.^IM.... j
S0343. ... 8S33S4.... 2O;33402.... 8J33422.... 8
£«55..:.. 8 33743.. ..1000.39795.... 12.33S34.... 8
400U::::: Suom.... 404017s.... 8*0220.... «
492D? 12 40308.... 8 40349.... 8 4(374.... 20
40405 8 4)410.... 8 40694.... 40 40535.... 12
40705 8 4W9.... 12 41023.... J «M3.... 8
4H64 20'41503.... 12 41*!03 8|41614.... 20
42196 : 8423.^.... 12!42338.... 12 43431.... 8
«Js3 8420r>.... 12j42«24.... Si42661.... 8
ii ::::: S| atstg ftsaS *i
Be Si Iii;l JteS i
»i IS::: SSfc »:. : ::
S:::: S»S il|g^:: i»= »
46477 8 ! 4652S.... 8 46533.... 8'46571.... 8
46603: 20 46710.... 12 49726.... <° 47053.... 8
47W2 . 12 47419.... 2047423.... 60 47437.... 12
S 8 47531.... 20 47539 8 47804.... 40
Jt?42 $47773.... 20 47794.... 40 47S02.... 8
47831:: . 12 47»51.... 8U7SSS.... 84797S.... U
47944 .. S4S003.... 43 4S037.... 12 48162.... 8
4S1S7 ... 8 4S267.... 8 4S3S7.... 8US427.... 8
4S4M .. 8 48577.... 8 48800.... 20 4S825.... 8
49042 8 49192.... 8 49K9.... 20 49351.... 8
49417 12 49453 8 49512.... II 43563.... 8
49566 20 49703.... 20 49S19.... 8 49*91.... 8
49S94 8 50367.... 12 50433.... 40 5046S.... 20
60518 40 50539.... 8 60807.... 8 51058.... 8
61096 8 51105.... 12 51120.... 20 51150.... 8
BU6? 12 51208.... 12 51352.... SO 51374.... 20
61381 • 40 514S6.... 12 5U65.... 20 51575.... 8
61620 12151682.... 8 51708.... 12 51838.... 20
G1841 12'52002.... 12 52109 12(52122 12
52177 40 52243.... 20 52350.... 8 52376.... 8
52454 8 52496.... 20 52546.... 12 5272S.... 8
62S65 .. 8 52922.... 12 52937.... 8 5293S.... 4)
£3020.:... 8E3239.... 8 53272.... 20 53312.... 12
E3343 12 53349.... 8 53444.... 12 33586.... 8
53710..... 500 53908.... 8 53914.... 12 54205.... *>
54213.... 12 54356.... 8 543S9.... 20 54498.... 8
64521 8 54572.... 49i545S3.... 8 54714.... 12
64779 12 54S13 20 54S52.... 8 53066.... 8
660S8 1255005.... 2055128.... 12 55215.... 40
55256 200 55346.... 8 553S5.... 8 55516....* 8
55579 12E5642.... 20 55630.... 8165632.... 8
65717 12 55721 20'o5762 8:55737.... 20
•65947 20156973.... 8156067 81561O4.... 40
66152...... 20 56177.... 8 56230.... 12J56254.... 13
66439 40.-f.550.... 40 56600.... 8 56620.... 20
56631 .. 8 56695.... 40 56769.... 40 5BS69.... 8
66SS3 12 56392 8 57016,... 20 57239.... 8
B7247 12 57323.... 8|57843 20 S7349 8
57462 8I575O6 40:57593 8 57635 12
5771S 40:57772.... 12 57777.... 12157847.... 8
57862 8 55110 :o'o?24l.... 4013S2S2.... 12
6S359 12J6S55S.... 8]5S570.... 8I5S873.... 8
6S743 40 58745.... 8J5S922.... 2<>l$3041.... «
59076 12 69123.... 8;59276.... 8 59520.... 12
69660 8 59676.... 20 59785 4059901.... JO
59970 8 59986 20 60064 4CM60n79 20
60114 860213.... 12 60332.... 40 6O3S6.... 12
60407 8I6O4CW 8 60-182.... 8 60615.... 12
60663 60 60680.... 12 60703.... 8 61000.... 60
61118..... 12161329.... 12 6W6.... 60 61410.... 12
6U36 12(61489.... 8 6149«.... 8 61606.... 20
616S0 40 61630.... 8 61<»2.... S HlSCfi 44
61917 8 61941 8 «2035 8162177 18
6221S..... 12 62201.... 8 62409.... 8162410.... »
62539..... 816:585.... 12 62732.... 20 627S0.... 8
62343 S ; 630OS.... 12 63021.... 8163199.... 12
63352 12 63361.... 20 63588.... 1216365*.... 8
636SO '2063700 1263794.... 8164143.... 20
61316 40 64325 8 64356 8J6454S.... 20
64676 20 64689 8 64716 8J649K6 60
65161 20]65322.... 12 65331.... 60'65337.... %
6536S 12165462.... 8 65302.... 8 65750 8
65813..... 8 65919.... 8 66061.... 8 66107.... 12
661S8 S662S3.... S'66?.12.... 8!66«21.... 12
66902 12 66922 8I66S36.... ? 66978.... 8
67311 12 67337 12 67349.... 8 67371.... 8
67417 20 67430 8 67451.... 8167495 8
67T.52..... 12167636.... 20,67665.... 8|67701.... g
677S7..... 8167940.... 8 67956.... 12 67998.... g
6S277 20J6P307 8 68393.... 8.68402.... 20
68459 12 6S523.... 8 68650.... 816S67S.... 20
6S6S2 20 6S705.... 8 68758 8168767.... -8
6S908 12 69021 12 68029 12l690«5.... 8
69066 12 690S4.... 40 63118 12;632S5.... 12
69352 20 63363.... 40 633S0.... 8J6943O.... g
69329 8 1 69546.... t 63770.... 20 69SS2.... g
70145 8 70196.... 20 70261.... 20 70346.... 40
70400 20 70745.... 12 70914.... 8 71037.... 20
71110..... 60 71137 12|71180 20 71288.... 8
7136S . 8 71460 6Oi71514.... 8 71534.... %
71631 2O7177S.... 8!717«3.... 12 72014.... Jw
72331 12 72345.... 8 72361.... 8 72645.... 40
72SO7 8 72S36.... 8 72841.... 12 72963.... 12
73052 40 73136 8 73221.... 8 73265.... 12
73341..... 20 73518.... 12 73349.... 8 73677.... 12
73704 12 73798.... 20 73S03.... 12 74CS3.... 8
74373 8 74406.... 20 74424.... 8 74529 4»
74758 20 74784 12 74821 0 74S93 V»
75U4 20J73151.... 12 75161.... 40;7519S.... 3
75243..:.. 40I7527S 20173333.... 4')I753«1.... g^
75J82 12J75730.... 8 73773.... ¦ 12175841.... g
75844 12175834 8 76163.... 12 76348.... 20
76354 2076374.... 12 76444.... 8t76«31.... 8
76741::... 12 76794.... 8 76S7S.... 8177079... 40
7717J 8 77209.... 20 77313.... 12 77557.... 8
7755J..... 12 77621.... 8 77631.... 8 77821.... 40
77881:...; . 20 77930.... 12 780S0.... »l78M9.... 4(j
7S2S6...V. 12 7S:S6.... 12J7S677.:.; 40J7S794 . \-
7SS6O..... 20 78913.... 20179057.... 12 73113 ."• 8
79178. ..V. 1279344 12j79.nO.... 12 73465.... 20
79475 12 7S7O7.... 8 7»772.... 12I79S7J.... > 8
79918 8SOO94.... 2l>;8014S 12180171.. 1? \
SQ2S1..... 40 80324.... 8!SO34S.... 12'S0tS2.,.. g
S0727 8 80S33.... SO'SIOW..,. 12!S1010.'.. 40
81016 .2O810S3.... ¦20'SIWJ.... 20 81J6« 20
81338 8S1464.... 12JS1515.... 20181516 »
<>1IS56 8 81566 12181569.... 8 81625.... g
81630..... 20S176S.... 12101346.;.. 12^2368.... g
S2454 • 8 8242S 6O'S2764 : 8IS27BS... B
S2S15.-;... 8 82M4.-.,. 12tR3O3<?.... S1S3121 f»
«3132 8183163.... R'«3237 8 I 83424. *4.)
i 63515..... 121S3633 — 8IS372J.... 8:S3747..!.'.M
The subscriber having 1 supervised the slngl*
number drawing, class "K," of the Canadian
Royal Art Union. limited, hereby certifies that
the above are the numbers which were this day
drawn from the ino.ooo placed in the wheel, with
the prizes corresponding tr> them.
Witness my hand at Montreal this Wednes-
day, May 2d. 1900.
HTLAIRH HUttTEATJ.
Ex-M. P., Commissioner.
TERMINAL. PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 98. being- the twr>
last figured of the number drawing the capital
prize of $15.00O—|4.
999 nnmbers ending: with 83. being: th«» two
last fl»>rures of the number drawing ths second
capital prize of $400>>— J4.
100 numbers from 8141 to 8248. Inclusive. b»ln*
50 numbers on each gM<» of the number drawing
the caDltal prize of Jir».0<v»—$2O.
VO numbers from 26.433 to 26.533. Inclusive,
belnir 50 numbers on each bM* of the number
drawing the capital prlz? of J4V>0— $12.
100 numbers from 26.S41 to 26.941. Inclusive,
belnff 50 numbers on each sl>V of the number
drawing the capital prize of J2W>— %%.
APPROXIMATION PHIZES.
No. Prize. Xo. Prize. |N*o. Prize. |No. Priza.
S373S 8 S3*10 20IS3397 20 84132 S
84232 20S4358 S!S454« 12,S4.>«3.... S
84676 4084707.... 2C|S4732 81S47R6 *
84774..... S|S4O57..>. 8JS5003 20JS5KK).... 12
S5378 8JSS4.M.... 8ISSS.14.... S.85S3S.... S
S3931 8SSCC3.... 12.S6153.... *:s<Cll.... 23
853S3 *>:S6411.... 12S«445.... 20 MT,2> *
S6503 S!$6611.... »;S663« 8 ***».... 12
86918 818S969 401.87125.... 12;>C275 30
873S3 1287394.... 20,87:.C2 12:<S7S17 *
S7335 S;SS059.... 40SS061.... 12-S^HJO.... 20
SS1?2 8SS291.... 8IS3413.... 40 SS514..'.. 20
SV.29 SISS837 1*;83728.... 12ISS942.... »
8S39S..... 889119.... 8*1148.... 2!> S915S.... 12
85241 40!S3433 12i e 550S SiS93.< 2<"irt
S3592 8,S963S 8 SD.STS 8 8MES.... *>
90038 4090114. ... 8 90121 B MOT ¦*
90H7 4O;9C1<<S.... 8 9033D.... 40|3O433.... 12
90477 4090J34.... «0>6U.... S:9O719 12
90737 8;0irj46.... t ,31052.... B M20O..V. 60
91262 S'SISP*.... 891329 40t91»rt3.... S
91«8 20 ! 91638 891792 ta\9US%..i. 12
91946 8191951 12.9108.1 2O92W.li.... 2>
92091 20O| 92170.... 8'92275 2O;rC2<7 12
923^ 40;92342.... 1292474.... I \nSOU... S
92T,03 20:3:SS3.... S'9279».... 8 9CS08.... 8
93004 20*33011.... S!930M.... S.931S7.... S
9C531 ... »l93S3».... 2OMGS2.... 12 93RSU.... 20
938S.8 4013772 8, 93S.il 8.93S75.... 8
94018 4094O2* 20 94037 20194^47 12
94199. ... 8J94274 S94S1O 8'9««25.... S
9*745.... 8 94>SS.... 20 34323 805071.... 20
951CO 2O'J"113.... 60'!>:,370.... 20 IKX2.... 40
95410 40l9."442.... 8:95434.... S fX 1 :.... 8
9"«J7 Ri9S9*!3 10(95984 12?'V>41.... 40
9«O60 12'961t57 8 0C53O II9MM «
96433 8'91"92 S0««S4 12;S«S34 V>
96318 20I9693S 20|9«988 12371l>t.... 2O
9722B . S 374J« » 97891 (W97729.... if*
97?20 ... 8i97331.... f> 97S73.... 8i9797J.... 8
9S3.-4 89S36S.... 12 98382..-., 12;9ST.ll.... 8
98322 . 12 9SC09 8 0«8tW 40 i 98704 .... 12
9SS13 129SS21..'.. *'?8SW 4O't>';W7.... 12
9S94S 8'99103 WV99253 12 '.W3R8. ... »
J94I3 8199429 12 394SO 12199567.... IX
99666 8,99S35 20| I
LOTTERY DRAWING.
WE CURE
AND STRENGTHEN MEN.
BsH^^^^^^HssBf^i^^i^^Tll^^^r^B^i^^^fcl^^^^^S^^^^SSBB^P'^^lBr^^SSS'^^^sWS
I 1 I 1 Jft ffl wjiKls^^y yW II if fife
IB .^E^H k m I H m %. JlL. -^^- >#k
A STAFF OF SKILLED SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED IN 1881.
have gained 'our present high standing by curing private dis-
eases, including contagious blood poison, varicocele r and rupture, also
lost manhood diseases of the kidneys, bladder, spine.' heart, etc.
PAY WHEN WELL. HOME CURES A SPECIALTY. FREE
PRIVATE BOOK FOR MEN. AT- OFFICE OR BY MAIL.
We Conduct the Largest and Best Equipped Medical Institution
and Have the Most Extensive Practice in America. Consultation Free.
n^AMSX^M^t ELEVATOR «^^
I •\J JL »w : >>sAN , FRANCISCO. ;.-- ENTRANCE^ F.Tcnlngs-7 to 8.Cameras and photographic supplies, also
Erintlng, developing and mounting, at
anborD & Vail's, .41 Market street. , • "
Bergen and Blair Indicted.
The United States Grand Jury returned
indictments yesterday against Benjamin
C. Bergen for stealing gold from the
United States branch mint in this city,
and against James Buckner Blair, alias
John Barstow. for using the mails for
fraudulent purposes.
Blair has informed Postofflce Inspector
Erwin that he will plead guilty this morn
ing.
Frederick T. Cooper, n. British subject,
residing in Alameda, has brought suit In
the United States Circuit Court against
J. R. Preston and others to quiet title to
forty-two acres of land on the Feather
River. valued at $2000.
Suit to Quiet Title.
OAKLAND. May 9.— Fred W. Leonhard.
a saloon-keeper, was found in his room
at 69 Bay street shortly after midnight
with his throat cut from ear to ear. The
gas In the room was turned on. Leon
hard .had used a razor In his attempt - at
self-destruction. The man was still alive
when found, but he cannot possibly live.
It istbelleved thatvhe Is insane.CA few
weeks: ago he disappeared and was found
later on the hills back of Livermore. He
had walked, the entire distance. .: He had
a fight with a" police officer some time ago
during which he was hit on the head with
a club< His relatives claim that the blow
affected* hist mind.
SALOON-KEEPER CUTS
THROAT WITH A RAZOR
The olio of specialties given in this pop
ular house Is very meritorious, particular
ly the three-act of Kelton, Higgins and
ICelton. knockabout comedians; Dulce Sis
ters, vocal duettists; Miss Priscllla Davis,
soprano soloist, and Charles Morrell, banjo
soloist and minstrel. The attendance is
large and applause greets each act.
The C. F. Kapp Co. Concert Hall.
Robert Jones, a bartender at J.,P.Dwy
er's'saloon. Seventh' and Harrison streets,
reported to the police yesterday' that at
8 a. m. two men entered the saloon and
while one covered him with a pistol the
other took $7 45 from the till and $7 from
Jones. The bartender did not report the
alleged robbery until 10 o'clock and to
several people who entered the place In
the meantime he said nothing of it.
Story of a Daylight Hold-TJp.
OAKLAND, May 8.— Stanley Cordy and
John Curran, runaway boys from San
Francisco, were found to-day at the foot
of Broadway with $24 in their pockets
which they admitted had been stolen from
their parents. The lads" reside in the Mis
sion. Relatives H were notified and the
youths were detained at the City Prison
until word. was received from across the
bay.
Runaway Hoys Caught.
"We have met here unexpected opposi
tion Just at present In the two mercantile
agencies, Bradstreet's and Dun's, who
•with their numbers of agents all over the
country are going about proclaiming that
we are a private institution for gain,
¦which is just the opposite of the facts.
They are trying to kill our bill. The
truth of it Is that our work is not in op
position to theirs, but would aid it if they
looked at it in the rij?ht direction. Of
course we shall overcome these obstacles
as we have many others."
Director of Philadelphia Commercial
Museum Tells Mayor Phelan of
Opposition to the Project.
The Mayor Is In receipt of a letter from
W. P. Wilson, director of the Philadel
phia Commercial Museum, who was in
this city recently In the interest of the
museum project. Mr. Wilson waxes Jubi
lant on the mapniflcent opportunities for
development on the Pacific Coast and ex
tends thanks for the many courtesies
¦which he enjoyed while in this city. The
letter concludes:
"I know that you will take an active
Interest In the developing commercial mu
seum in your city. When properly un
veiled it will be a beacon light which will
WILSON SENDS WORDS OF
PRAISE FOR THIS CITY
BERKELEY, May 8.— Mrs. Agnes
Graves, wife of Fred Graves, a conductor
on the Berkeley local train, was found
dead to-night by her husband upon his
return home from work. The couple re
side at 2113 Vine street.
Graves reached home about 7:30 o'clock.
Not finding his wife preparing supper he
searched the place and discovered her
body on a bed. Physicians were called,
and they could do nothing but pronounce
the woman to be dead. The case was re
ported to the Coroner. While there was
no external evidence of suicide, the cir
cumstances surrounding ihe death were
such as to raise a doubt as to the cause.
Mrs. Graves was Agnes Kelly when she
married Fred Graves, about two years
ago. Because of her indulgence in liquor
Graves brought suit for divorce from her
nearly a year ago, but later the action
was dismissed. While only 25 years old
Mrs. Graves had suffered much from an
apparently uncontrollable desire for in
toxicants, and If death were from natural
cause it is suspected that heart disease
was the trouble. Mrs. Graves had ex
hibited no suicidal tendencies and noth
ing was found -in the shape of letters or
papers to indicate that she had done away
with herself. . "
An autopsy will be held to-morrow" to
determine, the cause of death. . ¦ .-. .
CONDUCTOR'S WIFE FOUND
DEAD BY HER HUSBAND
their noses to spite their faces." They
got their pound of flesh (overweight) dur
ing the run to- Sydney and home again,
but when San Francisco was reached they
asked for "trimmings/' They absolutely
refused to work unless tney could pass
coal or "flre." As tho ship was at anchor
the only work was to "clean up" and
"this was not legitimate work because the
mail boat was not alongside the wharf,"
according to the strikers. The men were
brought up before the captain and he
fined each one of them three days' pay.
Yesterday there was a lively time while
the v«:ssel was being paid off, but the
United States Shipping Commissioner held
that the firemen had committed a gross
violation of the law and that the fine must
stand. All* the firemen and coal passers
on the Alameda quit, and on her next trip
the mail steamer will go out with a non
union crew.
Cleveland Under a Jury Rig.
The steamer Cleveland, now being over
hauled and made ready for the Nome
trade, had a hard time of it while on her
way here from Hawaii. Her thrust shaft
broke and several minor accidents hap
ppned, but nevertheless the stout old craft
weathered them all, made port without
assistance, and after an overhauling came
on to San Francisco as though nothing
had happened.
Tugs were sent out from Honolulu to
look for the disabled steamer, but Cap
tain Klltgard was not Idle In the mean
time. He made sails out of tarpaulins
and other material. In this way he sailed
his vessel into Hilo while the tugs were
vainly searching the ocean for the Cleve
land. It was a clever piece of work and
shows that the old Cleveland in spite of
her appearance can sail and steam and
keep afloat when many a better looking
craft would go down.
Water Front Notes.
The ex-transport Centennial is being
fitted out for the Nome trade. She has
been chartered from Charles Nelson by
John Rosene, and no expense wlll.be
spared in making her into an ideal pas
senger boat. All the Government changes
will be torn out and new bathrooms, lav
atories and cabins put in. Abaft the
bridge over ninety staterooms will be built,
and when the Centennial leaves here sht
will be one of the best fitted vessels In tht>
Nome trade. . *-l; '
The handsome new steamer Santa Ana
had her trial trip yesterday. She proved
herself a smart vessel. She goes Into the
Nome trade and will fly the Nelson house
The Santa Fe engine that went Into the
bav a week ago has been raised out of the
mud. and -will probably be on dry land
again to-day. „ .„ . .
The ship Cyrus Wakefield , and the
steamer Czarina from Honolulu made port
yesterday and were placed In quarantine.
The City of Papeete, from. Tahiti, got In
after being off the bar two days, and was
also placed In quarantine.
The Um.itilla arrived from the Sound
and brought 175 Japanese, all of whom
were landed without protest.
The Disabled Cleveland Under Sail.
REFUSES TO PAY
A LICENSE FEE
0N TELEPHONES
Local Monopoly Will Not
Comply With Tax Col
lector's Demand.
Warrant Issued for Arrest of Secre
tary Eaton — Corporation Will
Fight the Case in the
Higher Courts.
Tax Collector Scott made an official de
mand yesterday on the Pacific Telephone
Company for moneys due the city under
an old ordinance Imposing a license tax
on nickel electrical machines, and also
under the order recently passed by the
Board of Supervisors providing a license
of 50 cents per quarter on all telephone
boxes. Secretary F. W. Eaton, who re
ceived service of the notice in the ab
sence of John I. Sabin. president of the
company, who Is In Portland, refused
peremptorily to pay any license, and ass a
result of his refusal, at the request of the
Tax Collector, District Attorney Byington
instructed Warrant Clerk Perry to pre
pare warrants for the arrest of Eaton.
In accordance with a letter sent to the
company last week Deputy Tax Collector
Edward J. Casey waited on the officials of
the telephone company yesterday morn
ing and made three demands on Secretary
Eaton. The first was for the payment of
$2 per quater on each nickel telephone ma
chine operated by • the company since
January 8. 1900. the date of Scott's as
sumption of office. The second demand
was for an. Itemized statement of the
number of telephones now and heretofore
maintained by the corporation, and the
third was for the payment of the license
of 50 cents per rjuarter due under the new
order passed by the Board of Supervisors
on April 2. To each of the demands Eat
on, through his attorneys. PHlsbury and
Sutro, entered an emphatic protest, and
the swearing out of the warrant was the
next move made at the instance of Tax
Collector Scott.
Eaton, in explaining his refusal to com
ply with the Tax Collector's demand, said
that It was the Intention of the telephone
company to test the legality of the ordi
nances in the courts.
"We contend," said Eaton, "that the
Board of Supervisors has no right to im
pose a - license on our nickel machines.
Our attorneys are preparing a line of de
fense, and we will follow the case up to
the last court cf appeals."
Tax Collector Scott, however. Intends to
make it warm for Eaton. Scott says that
Eaton's refusal to comply. with the legal
demand is clearly a misdemeanor and Is
punishable by a fine of $100.
"Whether Mr. Eaton Is convicted or
not," says Scott. "I shall continue to de
mand the payment of the licenses, and
should he refuse I shall continue to pro
cure warrants for his arrest."
On the revenue cutters the pay has been
$35 a .month for years for A. B.'s. The
men have been glad to get the job at that
figure and hitherto a Job on the Bear,
McCulloch, Manning, Rush and Thetis
has been eagerly sought after. The rea
son was easily found. On the revenue
cutters the pay- was good and the work
easy. On a coaster, the pay was the same
as on the Government, vessel, while the
work was as hard again. On the cutter
there were the decks to be washed down
and the running gear attended to once a
day. On the coaster the cargo had to be
discharged and the outward stuff loaded
on" againr This 'marked difference made
the revenue cutters much' sought-after,
and when the strike on. the Bear came it
came as a great surprise to the officers:
The vessel was ready to sail for Bering
Sea and she was laid up for three weeks
before the necessary permit from - Wash
ington to hire men at the advanced wage
could be : procured.-.- : . .
Then came the Manning last Saturday.
Her men quit because they. could, not get
$40 instead of $35. The Manning is still
tied up at Union street wharf.
The Rush was to have sailed last Fri
day "for the Aleutian Islands, but her
crew demanded extra pay and the. cutter
was tied up. Urgent messages were sent
to Washington and on Saturday morning
permission was received to pay the ad-'
vance in wages. A crew was secured in
forty-five' • minutes and by io a. m. the
Rush was ready to. go to sea. minus a
bugler. I Captain Cushing was not sure of
his men, however, and on Monday he took
the cutter, for a cruise around the bay.
There was fire drill, wreck drill, gunboat
drill and every - maneuver to which the
men are likely to be put while in the Arc
tic, Everything passed off well and the
Rush went; to sea yesterday with ' a ¦ crew
which Captain Cushing classes as Al.
On; the Alameda the firemen have come
to ; the conclusion that they have "cut off
The officers of the revenue cutter Rush
and the mall steamer Alamcda have trou
bles of their own. Sailors nre very scarce
and firemen are almost equally in de
mand. On the Rush the sailors struck for
an advance of $o a month, while on the
Alameda the men quit because they had
to work while the ship was in quarantine.
On the revenue cutter the men quit be
cause they could not get the same pay as
their brothers on the coasting vessels;
while on the Alameda the men quit be
cause they had to work at all. .
A Demand for Higher Wages and a
Question as to What Constitutes
Legitimate Work Causes
Strikes on Revenue Cutter
Rush and Mail Boat
Alameda.
NEWS OF THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
OAKLAND, May 8.— Tho annual meet
ing of the members of the Merchants'
Exchange, held this evening at their
rooms in the Central Bank building, was
enlivened with an address by John P.
Irish antagonistic to the policy of consoli
dation.
"I am opposed to the consolidation
scheme." he said, "because I believe it la
not for the best interest of the city. The
city of Oakland is too big already. I be
lieve in taking it as it is and making it
the greatest, cleanest and best municipal
ity In the State. I would far rather have
people coming across the border line from
Contra Costa reach Sixteenth street and
on finding a beautiful park there be told
they had arrived in Oakland, than to have
them told they were In Oakland before
they got out of the slaughter-house at
rnopphere near that border line.
"When we have reached a stage some
where near perfection it will be time
enough to talk of consolidation. How
ever, while the majority of the members
of the exchange differ from me in opin
ion, I desire to compliment you for your
work in the past, for you have wrought
mightily for the welfare of the city."
Colonel Irish was followed by ex-Mayors
John L. Davie and W. R. Davis and by
A. A. Denison In brief speeches favoring
the proposed plan of consolidation. Di
rectors for the ensuing year were elected
as follows: George W. Arper, R M
Briare. D. C. Brown. J. L,. Champlin, II.
C. Coward, H. D. Cushing. A. A. Cunning
ham, F. M. Farwell, Herman N. Gard
Theo. Gier, A. Jonas, F. J. Lea, Herman
Muhr, Walter Meese, II. M. Sanborn A
H. Schluetter, Fred Sinclair. .1. F W
Sohst, H. turn Suden, W. H. Weilbye. J.
S. WixBon, Wilber Walker.
JOHN P. IRISH OUT
AGAINST CONSOLIDATION
Alameda Delegutes Named.
ALAMEDA, May 3.— The following dele
pates were chosen last night at a meet
ing of the Alameda Republican Club to
represent Alameda at the State conven
tion: K. B. Dunninp. J. N. Young, W. H.
Davis, George C. Fabens; and Samuel
Frank. J. L. Fields. Dr. William Simp
son, Albert Arents, I. N. Chapman and
George A. Montell were chosen as alter
nates.
Edwin F. Smith, Namsd for Secretary
of Their Convention, Voted
for McKinley.
Politicians of the Bryan stripe are ad
vised that the Democratic State Central
Committee, Seth Mann, chairman, has se
lected Edwin F. Smith for secretary of
the State convention of the party. The
Bryanites are remonstrating and roaring
with Indignation. They assert that Smith
voted for McKinley in 1S96 and predict
that he will vote for McKinley this year.
Seth Mann was asked yesterday
whether E. F. Smith had received the ap
pointment. He replied that Smith had
performed the duties of secretary for the
last two Democratic conventions. He fan
cied that the convention would accept the
services of the men recommended by the
local committee. The Bryanites are posi
tive that Smith's appointment has al
ready been made, \\ord came to them
that the name of another was mentioned
but that Chairman Mann said Smith had
been appointed.
The position Is not one of tremendous
responsibility, and the emoluments are
not great enough to bring out an army of
hunters for the place, yet the free-silver
Democrats who are conducting Bryan's
campaign !n California contend that a
Bryan silverite should get the Job.
BRYAN DEMOCRATS ARE
IN A ROARING RAGE
for delegates to the Fourth District Con
gressional Republican Convention: Mar
tin Tonningsen. ex-Supervisor E. C. KaJ
ben, William F. Fitzperald, Frank Ma
rlni, Peter Johnson and Julius Godeau.
Election officer* were appointed and a
committee to consider tne organization
of a permament Republican Club was
formed, with A. K. Dagg-ett. John Farn
ham. I>ewls Strohl. Dr. A. C. Glover and
E. D. FusJer as members.
At J. Galloway, farmer and fruit mer
chant residing at Healdsburg. Sonoma
County, filed n petition In insolvency yes
terday in the United States District Court.
He is a member of the Galloway Fruit
Company, whose liabilities aggregate $19.-
S09. with $1050 assets, and of the firm of
Galloway & Miller, whose liabilities are
$2711 Co, with no assets.
An Insolvent Fruit Merchant.
SP 5™ . e l n1 Itefi State9 Circuit Court
of Appeals will resume their sitting in
the Appraiser's building to-dav. As this
is the court of last resort-virtually the
supreme Court of the United States-for
the district lying west of the. Rocky
Mountains, including Alaska and Arizona.
l<ft de " sl °n s ,, w ill be regarded with Inter
est. The following cases ar*> on the cal
«£, a i r t0 J, hearln f to-day: T. A. Thomp
son by his guardian, N«la Thompson, vs.
t T hfc i : . > \S^ th€rn p atillc Railway Company;
J. F. HigRins va. Charles H. Newman
THERE was a blazo of Jewelry In
the office of Captain of Detectives
Seymour yesterday. Laid out on
his desk were Jewels which,
though there were only four
pieces, were worth a sum of money suffi
cient to stock a small jewelry store. The
display of diamonds and pearls consti
tuted the major part of the Jewels that
were stolen last Friday from the Crocker
residence at Burlingame.
Chief of Detectives Desmond of St.
i-ouis was among those who admired the
jewels, and at the same time he compli
mented Captain Seymour and the detec
tives sent out by him on the prompt re
covery of the property.
'me jewels were secured from various
pawnshops In this city by Detectives Har
per and Sullivan. They consist of one
Immense diamond cluster, containing
many valuable stones; one great pearl set
with small diamonds, one ornament
formed of a large diamond, with radiat
ing gold and enamel arms, and one pansy
with solid diamond center and amethyst
petals set around with diamonds.
These do not constitute all the Jewels.
There aro yet missing one gold ring set
with a large pearl and a large diamond.
The man who sold the diamonds real
ized but $240 on those recovered. The
pawnbrokers will lose this unless the
owners make It good out of gratitude
for the delivering up of the gems. The
man who pawned them answers perfectly
the description of the missing butler.
Georce Hill, who from all the circum
stances is almost certainly the thief, may
be on his way to Honolulu or China by
this time. He had spoken to some of the
other servants at the Crocker place about
going to Hawaii, and the steamer Rio de
Janeiro sailed for Honolulu and China
Saturday evening at 5 o'clock. Hill was
last seen here Saturday afternoon, when
he sold the Jewels. He left San Mateo
Friday on a bicycle. He was paid his
wages on that day, but did not say he
was going to quit. The robbery was dis
covered Sunday morning. The Jewelry be
longed to Mrs. Easton, mother of A. M.
Easton of 10 California street, and grand
mother and guardian of tho children of
Colonel Fred F. Crocker. They were in a
casket In one of the rooms of the hottse.
Sunday morning the casket was found to
be empty and the missing butler was at
once suspected.
and three small stickpins, bearing dia
mond clusters. The total value of the
jewelry missing is placed at between £KW0
and $10,000.
At a meeting- of Republicans of the
Forty-fourth Assembly District in Wash
ington Hall last evening, A. Ruef presld
ir.p. the following were nominated to be
voted for at the coming primary election
and Committees Named.
Fortieth Assembly District— E. L. Fitzgerald,
E. Mapinnis, Edward Kelly, Emile Bauer. Wil
liam Wilkinson. J. H. McKnlght. I. J. Asch
be'.ra, J. A. Simpson.
Fcrty-flrst Assembly District — George Stone,
H«»nry C. Dibble, Frank W. ¦\Vebeter. Dr. W.
11. Lawlor, W. S. Wood, W. H. Reynolds, Rob
ert A. Grier, Alfred I. Esberg, James A.
Enook.
Thirtr- seventh Assembly District— James Alva
•Watt. Edward Hows. William M. Abbott. Wil
liam E. Palmer, Ilearj" Newburg-h. Frank P.
llcj-nes. Fred Enters. Maurice Levy.
Fifty-fourth Assembly District— W. J. Rcgers,
A Greocir.cer, J. Halfred L. Bond. Herbert
IlrldfeE. T. F. Grant Jr., F. W. Covey. E. J.
Crawford, C. M. bhortridge.
Flfty-fifih Atsembiy District— O. A. Kale. D.
Ha-a-s M. A. Soutiiworth. Junes R. Lowe, V.
F McGraw. C t>. Wright. Charles Witten. A.
a'. Brown, J. F. OKeefe.
F!riy-!>txth A^««nihly Irtstrict— James Sar
gent Gecnte T Dunlsr, James Stann>ld. M. E.
Arnerlch. A. C. Sterrilt, E. Mo>3y, H. Brown,
Fr«>d Cottle.
Flfty-seocnd Assembly District— W. J. Mart'n,
W. B. Lawrence. Edward F. Fltzpatrtck. H.
TJeison. K. Dearbome. G. C. Ross.
On motion of Alvlnza Hayward, through
his proxy. J. Alva "Watt, credentials were
ordered "issued to the delegates named
in the foregoing list. Committeemen who
attended the meeting last night were:
Max Goldberg. Jesse E. Marks, J. D. Mac
kenzie, F. R. Danforth, E. I. Robinson,
G. H. Fairchild, Frank French. W. H.
Oobb and J. Alva Watt. Henry C. Dibble
and Alfred liouvier, aspirants for Con
gTessional honors, were p-reeent , but did
r.ot participate in the discussions.
The committee adjourned to meet at the
call of the chair. The informal discussion
disclosed the fact that a new lease of life |
to the committee is expected from the
Bacramento convention.
A primary election to choose delegates
to the Republican State and district con
ventions v.l!l be held Io-morrow under the
eusplces of the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict committee. Polls will open at 7 a. m.
and clo=e at 2 p. m. Polling places as fol
lows have been designated:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District, 501
Howard street: Twenty-ninth Assembly
District. 213 Fifth street; Thirtieth Assem
bly District, £64 Howard street; Thirty
first Assembly District, northeast corner
cf Tenth and Folsom streets: Thirty-sec
ond Assembly District. 729 Brannan
etrcet; Thirty-third Assembly District,
2701 Twcntv-fourth Ftreet; Thirty-ninth
Assembly District. 504 Turk Ptreet; Forty
fccond Assembly District. 209 Ellis street:
Forty-third Assembly District. 103 Grant
avenue; Forty-fourth Assembly District,
£005 Powell street; Forty-fifth Assembly
District, 13 Sacramento street.
Thirty-eighth Assembly District— TV. J. Fl
field. C. C. Morris, W. A. S. Nicholson. J. F.
Citric. Ira B. Daize!. P. A. Berserot, A. Me-
Elrcy. William Marks.
Tfclrij -eixih Assembly District— B. D. Berri.
13. McAvoy. H. J. Higpins, J. M. Leonard. G.
C. Groeringer, M. W. LittleUeld, C E. Bene
dict. B. M. Kase.
Thirty-fifth Assembly District— F. A. Pedlar.
L. D. MacDonald, L. P. Boiander. a M. De
pew, B. P. Treadwell. F. G. Sanborn.
Thirty-fourth Aasernbly District— Edward I.
Kobiason. Georg* A. Rutz. John J. Moran.
Dor*on Nichols, Charles May. August Welman,
John Jackson.
On motion the following named dele
gates were selected and appointed to the
btaXe and district conventions to meet in
Sacramento May 15. The delegate at
large in each Assembly district is first
mentioned.
The Fifth Congressional District Re
publican Comxnitte<». vrhlch "was selected
la*t June by J. Alva Watt, met last night
and appointed delegates to the Stale and
district conventions. The delegates ap
pointed to represent San Mateo County
*'ere chosen at a public meeting held at
Hedwood City under the auspices of the
Republican Committee of that county.
Alvinza Hayn-ard. the committeeman rep
resenting the Fifty-second Assembly Dis
trict (San Mateo County), conceded the
right of the people to have a voice in
the selection of the delegation and there
fore he presented the names recommended
by the mass-meeting of Republican citi
zens. In every ether Assembly district
the committeeman representing the sub
division presented his own list and the
slate was accepted without discussion.
Max Goldberg, chairman of the Con
gressional District Committee, called the
meeting to order. In the absence of Sec
retary Louis O'Neai of San Jose, Assem
blyman \V. H. Cobb was selected to re
cord the proceedings. The chairman pre
sented the resolutions recently adopted
by Republicans of the Tnirty-fourth As
sembly District and read the names of
the men recommended for delegutes. E.
1. Robinson, the Congressional commlt
teeinan of the Thirty-fourth, eald that
there were 2000 Republicans In the dis
trict and that not more than twenty-five
attended the meeting. He was advised
that the meeting was not representative.
Oa motion of Mr. Robinson the resolu
tion was referred to himself to do with
as he saw fit. It was observed that he
did not appoint any of the men who were
indorsed by the meeting. The excellent
example of Mr. Hayward did not appeal
to Mr. Robinson.
Preparation for Open Primaries To-
Morrow in the Fourth— One Poll
ing Place in Each Assembly
District Designated.
Session of the Republican
Congressional Committee
Last Night.
DELEGATES ARE
APPOINTED IN
FIFTH DISTRICT
POLICE SEARCHING
FOR DIAMOND THIEF
Jewelry Stolen From the Crocker
Residence Recovered After
a Sharp Search.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
U. S. Circuit Court of Appeals.
Judges Morrow, Hawley, Gilbert and
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Is a simple and powerful rem-
edy. That is why it's so success-
ful. In all my practice I've found
nothing equal to electricity as a
curative. I have restored thou-
sands of cases for which repose
and tonics had been offered and
failed. Neither passivity nor
drugs will cure your pain or
weakness. You need electrical
animation. My Belt fills you
with this life force and drives out
your ailment.
You Fhould call and pee my appliances
or send for my book ffree)
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 Barket 8t.. Ccr. Eeirny. 8. r.
led cor. Spring and Second £ts.. Lot Acgeler.
c "*» •%^r»- a 'y-* ia fc-"^ -*» -»> -1* Tfc. m, -^ t
<*visr- OR- JORDAN'S great^
• BflSMB SF UHTOHYJ
A C& iKixtiszcra.te.ft*»TSh.sjr.csiJ
K *^( T** e '-*'•"¦* A.n=trtnicaJ Muirura in the \
? £*£«S4 *»e»— .gg^iy^r •Zrma oy the otfmt T
A fltfg^A BR.«0RSAN--PEJ'( l ftTE 3JSEASE8 4
\ »($*j££H . LoMutotWB trw an<5 stri'tly pfivue. \
\ n I « ti *"'"* C""'" every ea*cuc<3trrufce><. \
A 3 It 11 Zf, Write for Book. PaiLCSOrnVtf A
~ " (I ll* «»Baii6E, HAILBS> **EE- >.\Y
I JI II valuable boo!; fsr =araf \
V tilt. JtfCDAX£('O.. 1CV. iIartetat.,H. V. 7
ADVEHTIjSEMENTS.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In accordance with the directions of the RE-
PUELICAN* NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives of the Republican
Party from the several states assemble in Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the 19th
day of June, A. D. 10C0. at 12 o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominating candidates tor
the office of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for such other business
as may be brought before said convention; and
in accordance with the instructions iriven bv
paid National Committee, directing that the
Congressional District delegates shall be choaen
at a convention called b7 the Congressional
Committee of each said district, in the sama
manner as the nomination of a Representative
in Congress is made In said district; therefore,
be It
Resolved. By the REPUBLICAN STATS
CENTRAL. COMUITTEK OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the levetal Congressional Districts of the Stats
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gresslonal Districts, to be held as hereinafter
provided, at which two delegates shall bis
chosen to represent each of such districts In
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to b» held as aforesaid, and for tht
•election of two alternate delegates, to act 2a
case of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of th<> delegate* of the Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each,
district.' In accordance with the call of the
I National Committee.
Provided, That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional Dlatrlct:
provided, that wher.s any Assembly District
embrace* more than one county, there shall l*»
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In ruch Assembly District,
and one delegate for each 300 votes cast for
Henry T. Gage. Republican .candidate for Gov-
ernor In IK'S. *n<l one delegate for each frac-
tion of ICO votes or over.
It Is further direct?*! that th» delegate*
chosen t» the Comfe^wlonnl Conventions shall
meet in Stat» Convention at the city ef Sacra-
mrnto. on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
19C0. at 2 o'clock p. m.. to •¦elect four deleirates-
at-large to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN'
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegat-w. to net In r»se the delegates
nelecteU b» absent, for the election of a State
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
¦ueh further huslne^a as may be brought be-
fore the ealil State Convention.
It Is further rMrected that wherw primary
elections are held th» test for voters shall be:
••I helleve In Hfp'iMicnn principles and In-
dor*« the Republican pclicy and the admin-
istration of Pre«lt>nt McKinley. »nd Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the en^jins election."
It l» further directed that contests mast bo
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee in writing, with a full statement
of the ground* of th? content, flv* days pre-
r»«ltnc the meeting of th«» State Convention.
AH matters relatlnsr to such contest brfore th»
Congressional Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, munt he transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee .it Sacramento, before noon of tho 14th
dnv of Mar. 1900.
Adopted by the RKPTTBLICAM STATE CEN-
THAT. COMJtITTEH <«? San Francisco. April
». TWO. E. C. HART. Secretary.
The Greatest of AH F emeJias
for Ilia Remain! of Disease. •
ELECTROZONE cures quickly and
permanently the most obstinate cases
of i
Rheumatism.
I Kidney ami Bladder Ai'mm t».
St >miich Troub'es.
' Female icmplaints,
I INerv u*-»:»8,
Cntarrh. «n t
All Blood Dls:ns;a.
\ At S:n i tit pasnMet to
Drnjgiitj, $1 bottls. EL2C CS0Z3H2 ZJ<}.
I CO., 8aa Friaris».
Beaded y A san »p'e ime of 50 8
t8<ni4*~ T £?«• imported French .J
tSenS Beaded Baits. '2
some all jat, sorn? jst with steel fringe, '%
regular values $2 and $3. 50 each, on spe- *
cial sale Wednesday only, each 'J
75c, $1 and $1.75 £
Coyer t Twill tj» best grade
Suiting SQ&* er \ Twni suit-
ing, the most serviceable and stylish
wash fabric for outing and home wear,
in the new tan, garnet, navy, bottle
green, etc , effects. A special purchase
of 1250 yards only, on special sale
Wednesday only, per **•
yard MUO
Bargain Counter — Main Aisle.
Colored Another great
Dress Goods. ITO --ow
plain and two-toned Poplins, Granite
C oth. Wide-wale Serges and all of our
Camel's-hair Plaids in a great variety of
grays, tans, browns, etc., that have been
75c" the yard,- on Special — ~ _
Sale Wednesday only S^FC
Bargain Tablft— Main Aisle. ¦ ,
Hoboken in large black bottles, to-day
; $1.39
Bourbon Whisky— Pull qmrt_bot-
tle of good Kentucky 5Oc
Bran&y—A pure article, 6 years old. to-
day, per botile.. $2*03
Groceries, 5*?* ver 7 s p* cia1
m -w - * bargains for tO m
UqUOrS. dfyonly.
Bacon— Fancy Eastern, , lean ar^ar
curec*. on Wednesday....'. Ib 13iC
GoCOSMUt — Shredded, loose, bst
ib 13o
Baker's Cocoa— 1-lb tin, to-day nly
..: 45c
Sweet Gcrn — Golden Rule, clean, so id
pack, fine, to-day only .3 tins 25c
Glairette Soap— Made by Fairbanks,
one of the best laundry s.vid'
„. .7b ?rs 25a
A* V, hm Holland Gin-T™ genuine
Toilet Soap R^ t eau ' 3 h a fi r n 5
16C BOX* mill o'd Toilet
Soap, exquisitely scented, three odors—
white ro?e, violet, hyacinth — a specially
good value 25o a box soap — on speci il
pale Wednesday only, --r.
box of 3 cakfi* B&G
Toilet Articles— Rotunda.
-•^S^j^j^S^* 1^ onghbred jj
. Begian %
Hares of Lori Britain. Red Rover, Sir *«
Styles and British Sovereign strains -5
f™™:::::::::: $2.50 up 5
Breeding doe3, hrzS to high-scor.ng «J
buck*— Emperor of Njrfolk. Roya! *Sov- "5
ereign, Hiawatha — from.. ,-»,»«¦- \
5?J Up 3»
Pamphlet on the Belgian Hare, showing «r
the enormous profit to be made In breed- '«•
Ing them, furnished upon application. >i
Belnian The bi ? * sitjre has opened .3
£Joma<» aRabbitryontheseconi '2
nareSm floor, where some fiae %
jv speci- J*
JR\ men.s of 5
Iff B-lgian $
A charming collection of Colored Oleo-
graphs (36 subject*), suitable for parlor,
bedroom or dining room, siz? 15x20 inches,
in 3-inch green mats, on special sale in oar
art rooms, seond floor. tO"dSV, <gjt~.
Wednesday, only, each InrC
Beautiful
Oleographs 14&
Millinery %*&>%*£
GfearancBa cfer . high -class
Sprine and Sum-
mer Millinery at edU^Hs*
the lowest rrlc"!' l &$$i&i>&&ttL*.
ever quoted in _JP^<!*^*!j2(P^L-
this city for sim- £^^'<S?^^^Sm
i'ar goods wh*n
they were at tha
height of their \^S^^^^
popul a r i t y, as
those hats are. \J[r42F~^^Vnc
Among the lot ( (yTffijf • 'fgr
are some beau'.i- j^ y^^T)
Hats. When we M?^\3
say Tuscan hats, vM t^
we mean hats
made of genuine imported Tuscan braid — not
stool cotton dyed yellow.
Tuscan and other fine hats that were $3") 00
now $15.00
Tuscan and other line hats that were $25. ( >O
now $12*50
Charming Hats that were $15.00 and $18.00
now $10.00
Tailor-made Hats that were $4.50 now
$2.25
Proper Sailor Hat?, with proper bands, prop-
erly put on ....
$t.*3O, $1.50, S2.OO, $2.50
Second Floor.
36 Dozjn Silk Ribbon Tassel Ties— A choice v.iriety of color- $*&g%
ings in this season's mo3t stylish noveity, regu.arly 25c each tO-doy a ai%*
pose*, jabots and dress trimming3, regular va ue 2Jc and 25c yard... 1*9*%
:......:.... - to-day •M&t*
6OO YardK Persian Hat Band Ribbon —All-silk pretty trim- #'$£)-¦»
i i ming for Dude Hats. 25c value to-day M 4Bi%*
p ain, the kind ."?o extensively used for trimming Dude Hits and other millin^rv pur-
If youneed Ribbons don't miss this sale.
4-OOO Yards Silk Gauze Ribbons— Best qua'i'y. 3$ inch width, f tripe* or
A Ribbon Furore
for Wedfesesttay.
tsr See Our Advertisement To-Morrow* ~* 1
tL5*2?ijL ¦ " Bazaar. T^ &,£&" ror nuln *
Just in. " CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. $5.4-Om
KKKKKIWltKi^lKiMti
:t^y v it^^i;^^y a^i;i;i;i(t«^^^y D^i(r^>^i^wi(»»t(if>i|»»«;i(»»y < r,s;«ti(!
Sasfo NGi' A %b3-gainthi3- %
iaen effect Sa-»h Net. 43 inches wile, *"K
jmt the thing for haif curtaim. regularl/ *&
20c yard, on soecial sale IVcrf- m — *2
nOiday, while lot !a-«ts i4£C *
' ' i'- **•'¦¦ • &
ImOnonsttfe We have p nr = has * d %
Sets 9SGo price a small lot %
L^a3 //// a(^ e Sst3, ?•
~~*~~~ J *~" "*^~ era and 5
Cold with six tumblers to match, ail on *^
a silverine tray, regularly $1.4'» a set. '¦&
ami otfer them for \YcdnGStSay *S
Only, the set complete #i#w %
. 3oG x
Crockery Department— Main Floor. ,%
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
Children's A s P ecial for
Tailor-Made iT^lltl
Suits $3.50. v* have
these two
siz?s in aT-wool
double-breasted - 0^$p
taiior-raada f£ J\\^^
suits, either J& f vvxSy
blue or tan co!- i$V j^Sot^
or, 'jacket and > J\^VeZ<2s^\ '
skirts lined \
throughout //. b/« X \\ii
Three different , '//// fcfedAp
styles of cloth • \j [jT — C^JO :
and trimmings, " [ \ V^\ ¦'¦
on special sale [^ \jT&
to-day only— r£7 V*^ J^
Style 1 — that I /£*/)/}$)
M-as ?6. for. . rj& W \l
Style 2 — that f% ,- '
was % 830, for , &~* ' ~
$5.OO
Style 3— like cut— that was $11, for
SQ.OO
Second Floor. ;i;£, ,',
/ cins* ttAAfc •¦it-' _^
«r.WILLIAM L. OVERSTREET,
Berkeley, Cal., May 6, 1900.
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: I have been
requested by a number of persons to
write this communication. I trust you
will find space for its publication.
If the judges who officiated at the an
nual debate between teams representing
the Leland Stanford Jr. University and
the University of j California, held at
Metropolitan Temple. San Francisco, last
evening, will kindly state through the
public prints in what manner their deci
sion was reached and on what it was based
they would greatly oblige many who do
not agree with them.' I have spoken with
a number of persons regarding the award
and I have yet to meet one, save a rank
Stanford adherent, who considers the
award just. I have even been told that
known Stanford adherents and sympa
thizers have admitted the injustice of the
decision.
After laying aside every prejudice I
have in favor of the University of Cali
fornia, and after a close study, of each
sneaker's argument. I am utterly • un
able to find the least warrant for the
judge3* conclusion. I express the opinion
of a great many fair-minded auditors
when I say tho decision is utterly, with
out warrant or justice^ after taking Into
consideration the merits of the case as
presented and the methods of its present
ation. Very respectfully.
The Call does not hold Itfelf responsible for
the opinions published in th's column, but
presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general interest.
THE INTERCOLLEGIATE DEBATE
It is now fairly certain that in New York and the
Eastern States generally the Bryanites will make the
campaign by"ignoring the money question as far as
It is to be borne in mind that while at present both
branches of Congress are under control of the Repub
licans the margin of control is not so large but what
it may be lost should Bryan be elected to the Presi
dency. ' It has been recently pointed out by ex-
Comptroller Hepburn, treasurer of the Sound Money
League, that the terms of thirty Senators expire next
March, of whom eighteen are Republicans and twelve
are Democrats and Populists. Of the eighteen Re
publicans eleven represent Colorado, Delaware,
Idaho, Illinois. Iowa, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska
(two), Oregon, South Dakota, West Virginia ami
Wyoming, States which cannot be depended upon
with any certainty to re-elect Republicans, much less
sound money men. This fact was referred to as one
of the things that might compel the league to con
tinue its activities during this year.
The league is right. It is true that the financial
measures recently carried through Congress place
our finances on a firm basis and establish the gold
standard by positive declaration of law, but the dang-r
of a repeal of the law is by no means slight. So long
as Bryan is the candidate of a great party of the peo
ple, and so long as he stands as a champion of the
Chicago platform demanding the remonetization of
silver at the ratio of 16 to i, so long will there be
need of a careful watch upon financial issues.
BRY0N AND THE MONEY ISSUE.
1 \EPQRTS from New York are to the effect that
UV when ex-Secretary Morton retired from the
office of president of the Sound Money League
he urged the league to disband, giving as a reason
therefor that with the passage of the currency bill con
firming the gold standard the mission of the league
had been fulfilled and nothing remains for it to do.
The counsel was not followed. The league chose s
new president and continues its organization, the
members being of the opinion that the work which it
undertook has by no means been fully accomplished.
DESTRUCTION OF THE MAINE— N.
F. P.. Newcastle, Cal. At the time of the
destruction of the United States battle
ship Maine it was dark. The City of
Washington was about 200 yards to the
southward and stern of the Maine, the
Alphonso XII was about 250 yards north
ward and westward and the German war
vessel Gulesenan was about 400 yards to
the northward of the Maine. There wer*.
other vessels distant 200 yards and upward
CENSUS ENUMERATORS— J. F. B..
Castroville. Cal. The compensation of
census enumerators la fixed by the Direc
tor of the. Census at from 2 to 3 cents for
each inhabitant recorded, 15 to 20 cents for
ench farm and from 20 to 30 cents for each
establishment of productive industry. He
is empowerded to fix a p«»r diem when the
collection Is difficult. No travel pay is
allowed unless fixed by the Director of
the Census. HHMSQesMjKraBI
TEETH-R. City. This department Is
willing to answer questions, but when a
question comes in the following shape it
is unable to do so: "Kindly answer the
following: My wife has a son born w«th
two teeth and double crown, the teeth
arc in lower jaw and are central inclf
ors." The correspondent has evidently
omitted something.
CHICKENS— J. A. P.. City. Diarrhoea
in chickens is usually brought about by
too much green or soft food. In such
cases the diet must be changed and water
be given .sparingly. A remedy for this
trouble is a composition of Jive grains of
powdered chalk, the same of rhubarb and
three grains of cayenne pepper.
NOT SPIRITUALISTS-G. H. B., City.
The several published lives of Abraham
Lincoln and of his wife make no mention
that either was ever a spiritualist. Lin
coln "favored and assisted aJl forms of
Christian religious organization and work
and thanked God for the churches— all the
churches."
TWO STRAITS— Sub., Port Costa. The
narrow body of water that connects San
Francisco and San Pablo bays is called
the Strait of San Quentin. Raccoon
Straits are between the north shore of
Angel Island and the south shore of
Marin County, between Peninsula Point
and Point Bluff.
A LETTER— E. W., City. A letter ad
dressed to a person, delivered to and re
ceived by that person, is the personal
property of the one so addressed. The
writer has no proprietary rights in it after
it has been delivered. For the receiver
to send back a letter to the writer upon
demand is a matter of choice.
SUBSTITUTE CLERK— IX. San Jose.
Cal. A substitute clerk in a. first-class
or any other postofflce who wishes to be
como a substitute clerk in the railway
mall service must take the civil sen-ice
examination for that department.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NEW YORK. May S.— Dr. , G. Chismore
of San. Francisco is at the Holland; Er
nest A. Husing of San Mateo is at the
Grand; F. Caponelli of San Francisco is
at the Astor.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
WASHINGTON, May 8.— Dr. Henry
Ryfkoeel and wife, and Mrs. Lyman C.
Park, of San Francisco, are at the Shore
ham.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
With that much by way of warning no thrifty
American will go abroad with a determination "to
see Paris and die." The motto should be "See Paris
and live." It will be a poor policy for our people to
go to the gay city for the purpose of providing hptel
keepers with a means of getting their hotels fumi
gated, refurnished and repapered at our expense. It
may, remain true as of old that "all good Americans
go to Paris when they die," but none who has a
proper regard for; the, -welfare' of his heirs will g O
there for the purpose of dying.'- . •
CZJOR many a year past the people of the world,
I and particularly those of the United States, have
been supplied with a continual stream of infor
mation concerning Paris. The social structure of the
people, their politics, their follies, their statesmen,
students, grisettes, actresses, ways, means, manners,
morals and immorals have all been described and illus
trated a hundred times over, and yet, since the expo
sition opens, it appears that all we have been told
heretofore is not half that should have been told.
Almost every day we learn something new, and,
moreover, some of the new things are of deep interest
and concern to all Americans who intend to visit
Paris during the exposition season.
One of the latest bits of information, valuable to
tourists, is furnished by a correspondent of the New
York Times, who, in commenting upon the state
ment that if a stranger die in Paris the landlord has a
claim therefrom for damages to his property, goes on
to say: "I not only heard this, but unexpectedly
found it to be true when I was in Paris. At the same
hotel with me was an American gentleman, accom
panied by his father, the latter being in feeble health.
One night the father suddenly died from a heart at
tack. There was nothing contagious or infectious
about the case. Nevertheless the officials, who came
in their uniforms, accompanied by secretaries, in
sisted on fumigation, for which a large sum. was de
manded and paid. Then came the undertakers, and
you should have seen their bill! It was nearly, a yard
long, with about a hundred items. Of course there is
so 'much red tape in France and so many Government
monopolies and. taxes that it greatly adds to the ex
pense. But then, to cap the climax, came the out
rageous and exorbitant demands of the landlord, who
insisted on being paid for new furniture, new carpet;
new wallpaper, as well as a solatium for his excite
ment and distress and the possible injury to his busi
ness, which was nil. The consequence was that my
friend had to pay over $iooo before- he was allowed
to leave the country with the corpse of his father."
A WARNING FROM PARIS.
Phelan's organ defends the makeshift policy of his
present term of office by complaining that the policy
of his former term was so wasteful no money was left
in the treasury for street lighting or sprinkling.
Thus, according to the organ, the blame rests not
upon the Mayor of to-day, but the Mayor of yester
day. To the public, however, there is no difference
between the two. It is Jimmy now and it was Jimmy
then, and the issue he started then is the one that is
up to him now.
The Sausalito poolrooms have reopened. This is
another reason why the streets of our city should be
lighted after midnight. It requires money to play,
the game at Sausalito.
The dress represented is for a youne
glrj. It Is of pastel blue cloth, embroid
ered all over with gauze to match. The
corsage is crossed by a scarf, which forms
a drapery over the skirt. The tunic Is of
cloth, braided, and the rest of the skirt Is
plain.
SPRING CLOTH DRESS.
It may well be that the world is about to receive
the Roggs fiber as an important addition to its in
dustrial resources.
If this hop fiber can be demonstrated of economic
value for twine, rope, fabric or paper, the hop in
dustry will at once gain an impetus that is at present
incalculable. California. Oregon and Washington are
Ereat hop producers. If ten dollars an acre could be
added to the value of the crop by u*e of the fiber.' the
industry* will advance to first importance. We might
then expect that the finest Bohemian hops, richer in
lupilinc than our ordinary article and commanding
always a gilt-edged price, would be generally intro
duced, and a double value be yielded by every hop
field in the West. The Agricultural Department at
Washington should at once take up Mr. Boggs' dis
covery of this new fiber and test it. It will be neces
sary to know if it need the chemical change in rot
ting, required by flax, and under what conditions its
best decortication may be secured.
Commerce and production have had to acknowl
edge the immense results of the economic use of cot
tonseed oil. It turned the seed, which had been a
nuisance at every gin, into a by-product of such value
es to affect the price of every acre of cotton land in
the South. It gave added importance to the declara
tion of a New England statesman, that if Massachu
setts had had the cotton plant it would have become
at once the richest commonwealth in the world.
We are inclined to think that Mr. Boggs may havs
made an important economic discover}'. Up to this
time the existence of fiber in the hop vine seems not
to have occurred to any one else.
While only chemical experiment can demonstrate
the difficulties in digestion to pulp of the hop vine
fiber, to the non-professional observation it presents
none of the problems that have been found in corn
stover.
P"rom the appearance of the sample sent to us it
would seem that the decortication is easy, presenting
none of the difficulties which have so far effectually
barred the introduction of ramie culture into this
country. The rapid consumption of forests in sup
plying paper has forced an exploration of other
sources for that material. Corn stover has been con
sidered, but so far chemistry has not succeeded in di
gesting the abundant silicate that is present in the
cornstalk. The stalk is rebellious to manipulation,
and so far no important results have been reached.
With this hop fiber it is different. The vine may
produce its crop of hops without injury to. its fiber,
which would add to the profit of hop-growing to the
amount of the value of this by-product.
The fabric trade is on the constant lookout for new
fiber material. Heretofore we have gone to sisal
grass, ivite, ramie and other plants which produce
j";ber alone as their sole economic use. Even in flax
that which is used for fiber cannot be used also to
produce seed.
•npHE CALL has received from Mr. J. R. Boggs
j of Janesvillc, Lasscn County, California, a hank
of fiber from the hop vine. It was decorticated
by hand, is light colored and very strong, presenting
much the appearance of fine flax liber. On account of
the length of the hop vine this fiber may be very
Jong, presenting distinct advantage in spinning a
thread. Its light color commends it for a paper
making material, since it would require but little
bleaching.
A NEW FIBER.
FASHION HINT FROM PARIS.
Mrs. J. J. Wren, formerly of this city,
who went to the Klondike and located
claims there, was recently married at
Dawson to H. S. Anderson, formerly con
nected with the North American Trans
portation Company, but now engaged in
managing the mining interests of himself
and wife. The claims are said to be quite
valuable. Mr. Anderson is a member of a
distinguished Scotch family.
Paul Isenburg, the wealthy Hawaiian
planter, accompanied by Carl Kenoch and
Betty Duden, arrived In this city yester
day and are stopping at the Occidental.
They have been in Bremen for some
months and are now en route to Honolulu.
Ex-Congressman Geary of Santa Rosa
is at present at the Lick. He will leave for
Cape Nome within a few days, having put
aside all political and legal ambitions for
the chances of wealth to be obtained in
the mines of the far north.
Colonel Charles E. Claypool, United
States District Attorney of Washington,
is a guest at the Grand.
John Ross and John Burch, mining men.
arrived from Mexico yesterday and reg
istered at the Russ.
Judge Stanton L. Carter of Fresno and
Judge J. M. Mannon of TJklah are stop
ping at the Lick.
Dr. P. T. Turner of Stockton, accom
panied by his wife, is making a flying visit
to the city.
James Dunsmulr, the millionaire coal
dealer, of British Columbia, is a guest at
the Palace. .
Edgar Halsted and W. H. Mclnerney.
Honolulu planters, are registered at the
Occidental.
Rev. Bartlett Roper of Petersburg.
Va., is a guest of Rev. W. L. Clark of
Benicla.
Mrs. J. D. Redding arrived yesterday
from New York and is a guest at the*
Palace.
T. C. White, a banker of Fresno, is at
the Lick.
Senator Xi, A. Whltehouse of GHroy is
at the Lick.
E. P. Colgan, State Controller, is stop
ping at the Lick.
A. M. Ward, a capitalist of Reno, is
stopping at the Russ.
W. R. Carithers, an attorney of Santa
Rosa, is at the California.
D. Keith, a prominent business man of
Salt Lake City, Is at the Palace.
H. M. Wilmot, a well known lumber man
of Truckee, is stopping at the Russ.
PERSONAL MENTION.
world, and realized that the matter must
be approached with the utmost tact and
delicacy. After duo consideration he ap
proached the ladies and addressing them
said: "The Pope is old-fashioned and
does not like decollete; but," he contin
ued, waving his hand lightly in the air,
"for me, I am quite accustomed to them,
you know; I have been eo much among
savages that I do not mind them."—Chi
cago Times-Herald.
BILLIARDS— F. H. H.. City. The fol
lowing Is the record of the best perform
ances at billiards: Best run at three-ball
carom rail game— 2572. Harvey McKenna.
Boston, Mass., December 21, 1SS7. Average.
416 2-3. Best at four-ball carom game —
14S3, J. McDevitt. New York. January 8.
186S. Best at champion'3 game, three-ball
caroms, 14x23 lines— 39S, George Slosson.
match of 3000 points (600 per night), Paris.
France, January 30-February 3, 1SS2; best
In America— 351. J. R. Heiser. 600-polnt
match. New York City. February 14. 1SS4.
Best at English spot stroke barred game—
1392 points, John Roberts, in match, Man
chester, England, May 3. 4, 1S34; push and
spot barred — ISO. John Roberts. London.
England. June. 1S9«. English spot stroke
game— 3304. "W. J. Peall. 15.000 up. London.
November 3-8. 1S90. Fourteen-inch balk lins
game, with anchor nurse — 566, J. Schaefer.
New York, December 16, 1S93; anchor nurse
barred— 359, Frank Ives, Chicago, 111., De
cember 6, 1S94. Elghteen-inch balk line,
anchor barred, except for five s«Viots — 50.
In 600 up, F. Ives. New York. Aj>rll 2. lS3»i.
Cushion caroms, 300 points up — S5. F. Ives,
Boston, Mass., April 14, 1S06. Eighteen-
Inch balk line, one shot each In balk and
in anchor— 140. in 500 up. with average of
3t 4-16, F. C. Ives, New York City, Decem
ber 2, 1S97.
THE SITBLIME PORTE— W. J. S.. City.
"The Divine Porte" is not the correct
title; it is "the Sublime Porte." That i3
the name given to the building in which
are the offices of the Grand Vizier and
other high functionaries of the Ottoman
empire, hence the Turkish Government it
self. A quay on which were mounted
several large pieces of artillery ran along
outside of the whole length of the sea
waJI. which as well as the wall of the city
in which the building Is situated was
pierced with a number of pates, but only
one was in general use. That was the
great gate of the Seraglio, the Bab-t-
Humayum. or imperial gate, that sublime
porte from which the Ottoman Govern
ment derives the name by which it is best
known.
ENGLISH ARMY AND NAVT-C. R..
HydesvHle, Cal. The enlistment in the
English armv is for twelve and then for
nine years. The daily pay of a private la
the Infantry is 1 shilling per day, 1.2 in
cavalry. 1.2>a In artillery and V/z in the
engineer corps. The seamen for the Eng
lish navy are recruited from the, appren
tice boys. There are various ratings in
the navy from £24 to £106 a year. Boys
receive from £3 to £1S.
Those on the nearest vessels could not ob
serve much more than the outlines of the
Maine. No dead fish were observed In the
bay after the explosion. It Is stated that
as dusk comes ore the fish In the harbor
of Havana leave for the open t-ea, to re
turn at daylight. The testimony taken
during the Investigation shows that there
was a shooting up of a jrreat mass of
flame and debris, but there is no account
of any perceptible upheaval of water
other than that produced by the lurch of
the vessel.
While the facts stated are doubtless correct enough,
it is unfair to hold the Salisbury Ministry solely re
sponsible for them. The time has gone by when
Great Britain could' dominate the Old World, and
dictate what should or should not be done in Asia and
Africa. At the present time her statesmen are com
pelled to make concessions in order to obtain favors.
It is certain that Germany obtained control of the rail
way route across Asia Minor by reason of an arrange
ment with Great Britain which assured the British
a free hand in South Africa. Salisbury yielded in one
place in order to win in another, and his course was
probably the best that could have been taken, since
by adopting it he brings Germany into the Levant
to assist in counterbalancing the rapidly augmenting
power of Russia. Still, the fact remains that British
influence in Turkey is a thing of the past, and British
merchants and manufacturers have lost a fidd which
once promised to be a rich market for their trade.
A correspondent of the London Chronicle, com
menting on the situation, points out that Russia has
obtained almost absolute control of a large part of
Asia Minor, France has increased her influence in
Syria, Germany has obtained the overland route for
a railway from a point on the Mediterranean across
Mesopotamia to the Persian Gulf, while Great Britain
has obtained nothing. British influence in Turkey,
once all powerful, appears to have fallen to zero, and
counts for little or nothing in the affairs of that part
of the world.
It is not the loss of political prestige, however, that
frets the correspondent so much as the loss of trade.
On that subject he says: "Looking at the question
from the commercial point of view, England has not
had the smallest share in the profits that have been
reaped by other countries. Germany has the netway
of Anatolian railways, and not a year has passed
without her obtaining large orders for Krupp guns
and Mauser rifles and other munitions of war. France
has obtained concessions for quays and warehouses
and for the Salonica-Dede Agatch and other railways,
and now the French Cassaba Railway Company has
secured 40 per cent of the profits of the Bagdad line.
Germany is beginning to establish a connection with
the Ottoman navy by undertaking to reconstruct the
cruiser Assari-Tewfik on the Kiel yards, and even
Itaty has been given the reconstruction of the Mes
sandieh at a price which leaves an enormous margin
of profit. Only England, which saved Turkey in 1878,
has got nothing, and the whole fault is with our Gov
ernment and its officials, who have* mismanaged our
political interests and will not lift a finger to help
commerce."
Y~) RITISH newspapers reflect so fully the popular
K\ fondness for growling and grumbling that
— much must be allowed for exaggeration in the
complaints they are now making against the Gov
ernment for not upholding British interests in various
parts of the world. Nevertheless some of the state
ments of the grumblers appear amply justified by
facts. One of these is the complaint that while en
gaged in waging an unjustifiable war for the over
throw of the Dutch republics in South Africa the
Ministry has sacrificed the interests of the empire in
other localities, and particularly in the Levant.
BRITISH INFLUENCE WITH TURKEY.
Work has again been stopped on the Hall of Jus
tice. Perhaps the name of the building jars on the
present administration, and a change might rush
progress on the structure to completion.
" 1VT/7V I »
Is a Man Old at Forty?
By the Hon. Chauncey M. Depew, the Great
est Orator in the Senate. 66 Years Old.
fKrfi observation in life— and I suppose
mAv J have orTI P lr| V f ' (1 as many men as
' any 0110 alive, or been at the head
of great corporations^ or asso
ciated with them as counsel In a way to
judge of jthe capabilities of people who
are discharging, the most important func
tions in the business world— is that age
has nothing to do with it.
The most brilliant and capable men I
have ever had as my assistants broke
down at 45.
It is well known that Byron and Napo
leon had exhausted their powers and
mentality at 36.
Gladstone at 85 told a friend of mine
that what he considered his best work,
and his friends univerHally admitted to
be the best of his life, was done after he
was 70.
On the money-making side. Commodore
V anderbllt commenced business at 12
years of age. At 70 he was worth J1S.0OO.
000. At 83 he left $104,000,000. I happen to
know the figures in both Instances.
Thiers and Bismarck both did their best
work after 60. and that upon which their
fame will rest, while William Pitt. Napo
leon and Lord Chatham were at their cli
maxes under 30.
Precoclousness rarely lasts. The gray
matter in such geniuses seems to be like
a pocket mlno In Colorado. It Is very
rich, but It plays out quickly. Men who
develop slowly keep growing, as a rule,
as long as they live. An extraordinary-
Instance of this is the present Pope, who
governs the great Catholic world of two
hundred and fifty millions of people with
greater wisdom and discretion at 89 than
at any time of his life.
77fcJfin~
ley's Opinion,
No man over 40 years of age
should be sent to teach the colo
nists to become good Americans.
Young men are quicker to per
ceive what is wanted.
"YES."
By Martin H. dynn of Albany, Youngest
Member of Congress. 28 Years Old.
A4EYER has there been a time when
m^r the young man did not hold his own
« ¦* against his older brother.
Before he was 23 George "Wash
ington was considered the ablest officer
in the French and Indian war. Lafayette
proved himself one of the greatest gen
erals at Monmouth before he was 21. Al
exander the Great made himself King of
Macedon before he was 20. Before he had
seen his twentieth birthday Napoleon had
virtually created himself master of the
world. •
At 20 Demosthenes was the greatest ora
tor in Greece, and at about the same age
Caesar enjoyed a similar, distinction in
Rome. Before thirty birthdays had passed
In the life of Daniel "Webster he had be
come the jrreatest statesman and orator
of his time. While Gladstone may have
done his greatest work in the sunset of
his life, at 23 he was a big enough man
to be a member of the House of Commons
and Lord of the Treasury at 26.
Alexander Hamilton had become promi
nent at 23. Thomas Jefferson at 26. John
Tyler at 21. Faraday at 22. Galileo at 1«.
Humboldt at 21. and Audobon before he
was 20. The sewing machine was Invented
by Howe before he was 27 and the cotton
gin by Whitney while yet In his twenties.
The steamboat was invented by Fulton
while still a youngster and the marvels of
electricity by Edison before he was 25.
Ruekln stood at the head of the literary
world before he was 24, and "Washington
Irving had done his best work before
reaching the age of 23. These names
could be Increased for a dozen columns.
The younff man may not bo as reliable
as he whose hair has been whitened by
years, but he Is the yeast In the leaven of
life. He can work and will produce as
gTeat results as his older brothers If only
the -world will cease to believe that no
good can come from a younger generation.
To the old man I doft my hat. They are
our Nestors. our Platos, our makers of
wisdom, our preservers of safety. For the
younjr men. as a younff man, I assert that
thouKh they may be iruilty of the crime of
youth, they still can do to-day what they
have done In the past and stand In the
front rank of. men In all walks of life.
WEDNESDAY MAY 9. 1900
JOHN D. SFKECKELS. Proprietor.
Address Ail Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
rillLICATION OFFICB..Slnrkft «i»«l Third. S. K.
Telephone Mala 16OS.
EDITOXtXAL ROOMS 71T to 221 SteTen«o» St.
Telephone .M::lii 1874.
Oflhcrrd br «~jirrt«-ri». IS Ofntu Per Week.
Sine'*' Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terma t»y Mall. Including PoKneei
C-ILT CALL, (including 6uneay>. one year **.0*>
J5AILY CALL <inc!uclrc Sunday), « months S.M
DAILT CALL CinclufiJne Sunday). 3 month* 1.60
DAILY CALL — By 6ir.j?le ?io=th CSc
feL'XDAY CALL One Year '... 1-30
WEEKLY CALL One Year 100
All poitmaiteri are nntfcnrized to reeelT*
*ak*rrlptiou>.
6*jepI« ocpic* will t>e BorsrarOcd when requested.
CAhXAM) OFFICE 111S Broadway
• C. GEORGE KRCGNESS.
Vanegwr Foreign Aavertisir.jr, Marquette Building, Chicago. ;
Qjook DU tance Telephone "Central 2SU.">
NEW TORK COURESPONDEICT:
C C. CARLTON Square
XETT YORK Ktl'KKiiENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDS:
Cberman Bosk: P. O. News Co.; Great .Northern Hotel:
Fresioct House; Auditorium HoteL.
* NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hcte!; A. Brestann. 31 Union Square;
- Murray H1U HoteL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel-
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent
IJttA?VCn OFFICES — E77 Montgomery, eeraer of Clay, op*«
estn S:S0 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 8:S0 o'clock. 039
McAIlicter. open until »:30 o'clock. 613 LarkJa. open until
»:S0 o'clock. 1SU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. £31
lUrket corner Sixteenth, ©pea entil 8 o'clock. 1096
.Valencia, cp en until > o'clock. IK Eleventh, epea until
* o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cpen until 8 o'clock.
possible and devoting their speeches and their docu
ments to other issues. A good many people would
be deceived by such tactics'if the sound money men
were to play, into the hands of the Bryanites by dis
banding and announcing that the money issue is no
longer before the people. ' There will always be a
financial issue before the country so long as there :s
a powerful party seeking to degrade , the currency.
Bryan stands for the Chicago platform to-day as
much as he did four years ago. It is for that reason
solely that the Populists and the silver fanatics who
have swarmed into the Democratic camp to the ex
clusion of the conservatives support him and make
his rcnomination a foregone conclusion. The money
question will be with us, in fact, so long as Bryan
ism is a power in politics.
These things instruct the people. They are not par
tisan material for any politicians. They are informa
tion acquired in the dear school of experience. They
stand against the theory that this territory i^ in the
Union and that its people are citizens of the United
States, to be of us and with us forever, whether we
will or they will, or not.
To illustrate: It has been frequently declared offi
cially and privately that Panay was a paradise in its
friendly peacefulness. Promising experiments in self
government have been inaugurated there, and we have
heard much about the reopened schools and recru
descent industries. Yet the severest reverse of the
whole war has just happened to us in the'happy isle
of Panay. Along with these reports come rumors
of two hundred of our officers, in the various com
mands in that service who have their resignations in
the hands of General Otis, anxious to escape the
noisome climate, the vertical sun and the poison air
and water, and get back home.
There is no evidence that any but the smallest frac
tion among them are our reliable friends. Let us dis
miss the fairy tale that we can depend upon them ?t
all as allies. To expect it is against nature. They are
cemented in a common interest against us. If they
profess friendship it is only that they may use the in
tercourse thereby secured for the advantage of their
own people.
We have 210 military posts and garrisons in the
island of Luzon alone, and yet the natives attack,
slay and retreat, to attack again, regardless of their
own losses.
The people of the United States make policies and
unmake them. The people have on hand this prob
lem, lying at a great distance from them. They must
face the truth as revealed by daily experience. Too
much cannot be said in praise of the President's de
sire to get at all the facts. He has at no time been in
tolerant or disposed to pursue a personal policy. His
recent appointment of Judge Taft, a pronounced and
vigorous anti-expansionist, to the chairmanship of
the new Philippine Commission, is evidence of his
purpose to give the issue ripe examination and to pre
vent that examination from being ex parte. The
problem is the country's problem and belongs no
more to the President than to the people. He takes
and stands by the position that these islands are not
yet under the constitution. They are not yet an in
tegral part of the Union of the United States. Our
military commanders on the ground are as much at
sea on the question as are the people at home. One
tiling stands out in bold relief. The Filipinos are not
conquered. Their spirit is not broken. Their
capacity for resistance has not begun to be exhausted.
Whether as guerrilla fighters or in regular formation
the}' make up in swiftness of movement, stealth of ap
proach and sudden disappearance in retreat what they
lack in tactics and discipline.
Mr. Wildman, late Vice Consul at Hongkong, says
that all the money paid for hemp at the recently
opened ports is being used by the Filipinos in buying
arms and ammunition, which they find no difficulty
in getting into the islands. Our friend the Sultan of
Sulu is on his way to Singapore to protest against
the tariff on imports into his domain, which has in
creased the cost of the necessaries of life.
May 3 there was a desperate fight at Leambanao,
in the center of the island of Panay. The Twenty
sixth Infantry was surrounded, four killed, and six
teen severely wounded were left on the field, and the
survivors retreated, having a very narrow escape.
May 2 General Otis said in an interview just before
leaving Manila for home: "You know I am rather
pessimistic. I am not inclined to take the sanguine
view prevailing in certain quarters, yet I have held
the opinion for a time that the thing is entirely over.
1 cannot see where it is possible for the guerrillas to
effect any reorganization, concentrate any force or
accomplish anything serious. We have 116 military
posts north of Manila and 94 south of the city."
On May i came the news of the siege of the Forty
third Volunteers at Catubig, in which nineteen
Americans were killed and two wounded. The sur
vivors were in great straits when a relief party ap
peared and raised the siege.
THE attempt to subdue the Filipinos goes on, un
abated, with great carnage and no end in sight.
Time and again General Otis has sent assur
ances that it was all over, and time and again it has
flamed up, not with the fitful flash of dying embers,
but the lurid light of a fresh conflagration..
THE PHILIPPINE WAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
.'¦¦_- It.? is not prenerally known that papal
etiquette does not countenance decollete
gowns In the Pope's presence: moreover,
his Holiness holds; them in great abhor
rence." This is rather awkward for those
who are not awRre that it is considered a
breach of etiquette to appear at a Papal
reception In ordinary court dress." For in
stance, a short- time since some Ameri
can women who were visiting Home
wishing to attend one of his receptions'
made their appearance in ordinary court
dress, -having availed themselves to thf
fullest extent of the decolletage. His
Holiness was horrified when he noticed
them, but at the time refrained from
taking any personal notice. Nevertheless
he determined to take steps for its pre
vention In future. A certain well-known
Cardinal was Instructed by him to in
form the ladies, of their . breach of eti
auette. The Cardinal was a man of the
The Pope and Decollete Gowns.
The pre«s censors in South Africa appear to b-;
taking a mental vacation. News is gradually leaking
out that the British frequently fight with the cruelty
of savages.
The Eastern track gamblers have left us. carrying
with them thousands upon thousands of dollar? won
en the course We may now prepare, therefore, for
the summer crop of embezzlers, disgraced employes,
dishonored officials and ruined homes.
The protest of the workinKmen of this city against
the manufacture of Chinese "citizens" and the impor
tation of Japanese coolies has risen to the dignity
of a warning against the corruption and probable
subversion of American civilization.
6
<oc and } i.oo, all druggist* '
SCOTT'S UO^VNE, Chemi&u, .New \'ot\»]
THE MOTHER
with a nursing baby has two
lives to support. Her flesh,
strength and vitality are
taxed to the utmost, and
must be maintained or both
will surely fail.
will keep up the mother's
strength and vitality. It also
enriches the baby's nourish-
ment, and supplies the ele-
ments necessary for proper
growth and development of
bones, teeth and tissue
ADVKRTIS
Editor— Yes: I start the fire with a dozen
such queries every day.— Philadelphia
Record.
Friend— The twentieth century problem
is still the burnlns question.
The Burning: Question.
Care, -worry and anxiety whiten the hair too
early. Renew It with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hindercorns. the best euro for corns. 15 ct*.
Th.9 Grand Canyon of Arizona.
The. season Is now open. Sta* • trip has b«»n
reduced to 7y» hours. Comfortable accommoda-
tions at hotel. Th» round trip rata from San
Francisco Is only $35. Particulars at Sanu F«
ticket offlc*. m Market street.
Disappearing.
""Where Is your 'big gun'?" asked th#
powdered matron who had come late to
the military ball. "He went away a little
while ago In a disappearing carriage," ex-
plained the master of ceremonies.— Chi-
cago Tribune.
Everybody likes nicely framed pictures
and everybody can have them nicely
framed If they will let us do the framing-.
New moldings coming In all the time.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Special Information, supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 ilont-
eomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per H> atTownsend's.*
AUCTION SALES.
Py A. XV. Litu'lerbark— Thursday. May lft. at 11 a. m. and
4 I>. m.. Persia Rugs, at corner Ueary and Stockton streets.
Py Wm. O. I-ayn»j- Friday evening. May 11, at 8 o'clock, at
m Howard etrcet. Horse*.
Columbia — "The Evil Ere."
Tlvoli— 'The Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Opera-house— "In Gar New York."
Alcazar— "The Great I>lamond Robbery."
California— "A Parisian Ilcmsnce."
Orjiheum — "Vaudeville."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo an! Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•reains.
Fischer's Concert House— "Faust."
Sherman-Clay Hall— Palrnna Fchramm, this afternoon.
Kspp Company Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
AMUSEMENTS.JOHANN WOLFGANG VON GOETHE.
The United; States sent J4.910.291 worth
of silver direct: to China during the fiscal
year to 'February, 2S-~- ! :
¦ -Good trunks, valises, dress-suit cases
and ¦ traveling rolls in our. leather .goods
department at ¦ lowest prices. Sanborn,
Vail>& Co.,. 711 Market street. •
The Veteran Odd Fellows' Association
of this city held its twenty-fourth annual
reunion and annual banquet in a cafe on
Powell street last evenipg. There were
present about one hundred and sixty
members of the association. President
Oeorge H Morrison. made a few remarks
ln introducing the president-elect. F. A.
Week, who responded ln a felicitous man
ner.. Following is the programme:
"The Bible a Vital Force in Odd Fellowship."
Past President L. L. Alexander. P. G. ¦ M. ;
"Th9 Subordinate Lcdse," John Glasson, p.
G, M. :.sonir. "The Holy City," Past President
Robert Burnn: "Woman— Her Influence," Dr.
J. D. Kergan ; "Veterans— Their Relation to
the Order." Past President Charles N. Fox,
P.- "G. ~-M.: •". "Toleration— tbe Cement That
Holds," John N. Young, P. G. : "Retrospec
tion," Secretary William H. Barnes. 4
Veteran Odd Fellows.
The second day's session of the annual
encampment of the Sons of Veterans of
the United States army, was devoted to
but little business, for the officers and
delegates were out sight-seeing, being the
guests of tho United States army. They
were taken on the Grace Barton to all
the fortifications in the harbor,' where the
delegates and the ladies who accompanied
them were ' cordially wefromed. In the
evening there was a session in the Red
Men's building, when the officers elected
and those appointed by" the new division
commander were installed by Frank R.
Handley. assisted by A. L. Knoles and
W. C jiowe. The appointees are: R. J
Butler of San Jose, aid; E. M. Selby Jr.
of Ventura," inspector;' Dr. A. E. Aide of
San Bernardino, surgeon: J. A. Stafford
of Pasadena, mustering officer: C..W. Da.
vison.of San Jose, judge advocate, and Al
J. Welnert of Oakland, chaplain. The j n _
stallation was followed by the presenta
tion of a gold cross of honor to the retir
ing division commander, Harry Tj Moore."
by : Past Division ; Commander C L.
Pierce." Then followed a banquet, at
which there wer/) responses to toasts by
Colonel ' J. Murray Bailey. Major James
Kip, James A«hton, Ilarrold Ward. J. D.
GIsh W. C-~; Howe, A. G. Bennett, Robert
J. ' Butler and James N. Reynolds.
Sons cf Veterans.
Arrangements — Miss Emma Bening
Mrs. Nellie Dockery, Mrs. Charlotte Eg
gert, Mrs. Addle Levy, Mrs. Blanche
Schmitt, Mrs. Eva Scheeline, Miss- May
Higgin3, Miss Bertha Belau, Miss Emma
Anderson, Miss Aggie Surrhyne, Miss
Alice Ticoulet. Miss Moilie Long.
Misa Adelc Ligon, Miss Anna Bet
kowskl. Miss Anna "Worth; floor-
Mrs. Blanche Schmitt. Mrs. Eva Schee
line. Mrs. Bertha Belau, Miss Alice Ti
coulet, Miss Emma Anderson. Miss Adele
Ligon, Miss Anna Betkowski. Miss Mol
lie Long; reception— Mrs. Nellie Dockery,
Mrs. Charlotte Eggert. Mrs. Addle Levy,
Mrs Klla Wehc, Mrs. Nellie Rader, Mrs.
Mary, Bell. Mrs. .Tillie Towle. Miss May
Higgins, Miss Aggie Surrhyne, Miss Anna
Worth.
Buena Vista Parlor of Native Daugh
ters gave Its eighth anlnversary ball last
night at Native Sons' Hall. The hall was
tastefully decorated In white and nile
green. The grand march was led by
the floor manager, Mrs. Lucia Neubarth
and her assistant. Miss Emma Bening.
There were about two hundred couples ln
the march. The programme was made up
of ten numbers with two extras and "only
one more in remembrance of Buena
Vista." The affair, one of the most se
lect ever given by the parlor, was under
the direction of the following committees:
Buena Vista's Anniversary.
Election of Officers of Benefit Asso
ciation of the Southern Pacific
and Other Business.
The Employes' Mutual Benefit Associa
tion of the Southern Pacific held Its twen
tifth annual meeting yesterday, electing
officers for the ensuing year and transact
ing some Important business.
In view of the temporary abandonment
of the Relief Bureau, the association,
which had Intended to merge into the
new scheme, will not go out of existence.
The following officers and directors
were elected: E. B. Ryan, president 1 C
J. Wilder, vice president; J. E. Foulds
W. G. Curtis, B. A. Worthington, E. E
Wade, G. J. Strong. J. N. Sherburne, G.
A. Parkyns. directors; N. T. Smith, treas
urer, and Miss Anna Cummings, secre
tary. '
The report showed an enrollment of 905
members and paid up death benefits ag
gregrating $120,ijO0. The surplus on hand
is $100,500. Three death benefits of $3000
each were ordered paid, one of which will
go to the heirs of the late Frank S'
Douty.
RAILROAD EMPLOYES
HOLD ANNUAL MEETING
The Caledonian Club Has Arranged
• an Excellent Programme for
Decoration Day.
Elaborate preparations have been made
by the games committee of the Caledo*
nian Club for the thirty-fourth annual
gathering and games at Shell Mound
Park on Decoration day. The committee
consists of the officers of the club and
some of the leading members.
The programme consists of f orty-onn
events, thirty of the number being open
to all comers. The prizes are numerous
and on the usual scale of liberality for
, which the club is noted. The committee
Is determined to make this year's games
a great success in every respect. Time
and money will not be spared to attain
that object.
PREPARATIONS FOR
THEIR ANNUAL GAMES
To this thought and feeling he cava
more systematic statement in the short
prose work. "The Education of the Hu
man Race" (17S0). In which ts clearly let
forth the previously foreshadowed idea of
organic growth In religion. It wa* of this
brief treatise that the philosopher and
theologian. James Martineau, wrote tn?
words: "Nor shall we ever forget the
wonder and delight, the awful sfnse of
Intellectual space, brought to us by the
Grand essay." To the very end then
Lessing's Influence was most powerful for
the throwing off of spiritual fetters and
for positive construction.
As Lessing's complement on the side of
emotion and intuition came the younir"
Johann Gottfried Herder, born In 1744
near Konigsberg, died IStn a t Weimar
When a student of philosophy and the
ology at Konigsberg he was profoundly
Influenced by the great Kant, bv Hamann
by the works of Rousseau and Leasing*
After successive teaching, preaching and
traveling he became in 1776 the head of
the ecclesiastical affairs of the duchy of
\\ eimar. . His purely original poetic pro
duetlomt#ire not Important. It is In his
prose wif-ks of criticism and history and
In his translations that his power lay
The remarkable critical writings of Her
der were "Fraqrments on Modern German
Literature" (1766) and "Critical Collec
tions" U7S9). Th<- "Fragments" have been
called by high authority "the most sug
gestive book perhaps ever written." which
"ran through Germany with the quick
ness of a train of gunpowder." Herder's
great work relative to history was hi*
"Ideas on a Philosophy of the History *>f
Mankind" (178-1-91). a "memorable book,
which has been father to all the histories
of poetry, religion, language and law of
our (nineteenth) century."
Herder was a great personality and a
mighty Drophet of the two all-pervasive
Ideas of organic growth, or evolution,
and of genius, so that "No one, Kant
perhaps alone excepfd. has contributed
more to the stock of German thought, or
has exercised greater or more lasting in
fluence over an age. a nation or of the
world at large, than Herder. Directly or
indirectly, he - revolutionized learning,
history and literature, as Kant recon
structed philosophy."
Note — This study will be concluded to
morrow. .
"Agathon" (1766). "The Inhabitants of Ab
}\%?i' ( \V 74) and "Peregrinus Proteus'
(1731). He wrote many comic tales in
verse, an epic-didactic poem. "Musarion"
(l(6S), and other shorter and longer epics
in verse. He first naturalized Shakespeara
In Germany by translating in prose a
large portion of his plays. Wlelanda
m 3? t ?, r -Pj ece , la *£? romantic epic. "Ober
™. J\ m '. ln "which chivalry, the Orient
and fairy lore are charmingly interwoven.
By his own writings and his lone editor
ship of a popular literary journal Wieland
made German style more fluent and ele
§v« ' K W f n^ over tne hi «her classes from
French to German literature and popular
ized English and French philosophy. The
mature TUopstock was more national, re
ligious, idealistic and withal English in
h ls nL l . t , erarjr sympathies. Wieland was
healthily cosmopolitan, rationalistic, real-
Th5I}Jlh P ?S ec i Ia i iy * Ot . Fre "ch excellence.
«.™ £2 ? gt \ tne , Jabors of the German writ
ers prior to the time at which we have
Pn°, W * rrlved Germany had been brought
into the movement of tho best European
cu turl an u w aS r ?; Pldly "»»mUating r tha"
culture. It was. however, necessary for
the German spirit Independently to react
u P«n this foreign stimulus. T&e leaders
rntthW? Y re r Lessln & and Herder
«t ¦&»m* Id E , ph r alra Losing, born In 1729
It R™ n V n . Lp P er Lus »tia. died in mi
at Braunschweig, is one of the preat crit-
i C V f^ modern J timM ln literature and Trt
3?f ma he TT OU ? de I, of tne ™<lern German
?h» Ji e f S eed not Ormany alone but
the entire modern world from the conven
tional classicism of the French, while on
ber Sf S i ! it« V 4ri de h *; created » small num
per or literary masterpieces, uniting AVio.
The" chief d Kl6pstock' S WeaVm .
J ne chief critical writings of I «<iini>
made clear. • • • All previous criticism
Th» th /H W 2 aw £r Ilke » worn-out iSt™
The epoch-making dramas of Lessine
were "Miss Sara Sampson" (1775» the firs?
German tragedy of common life- "Minni
von Barnhelm' H7S7). the first cla""ic
Ph C i I ? an » COmed ? r: " Emi »a Galotti" 1TO>
the first classic German tragedy and
"Nathan the Wise" n779). a dramatic
poem, his chief production In pure litera
£Y re K a * b K eaut L ful P 0 * 110 Presentation of
of rel§' S° UK feeIln S the doma?n
Of commanding preeminence among all
those names are those of the six great
poet minds whom a kind Providence
equipped with transcendent creative ge
nius and, lavished within so short a time
upon the German people. Most naturally
do these six writers arrange themselves
in three complementary pairs— Klopstock
The details of the slow and unimpres
sive foundation-laying that lasted for
more than a century we must here leave
unconsldered. passing at once to the mid
dle of the eighteenth century, when there
appeared the immediate beginnings of
modern German literature. Goethe has
¦written: "The first real living content,
true and high, came into German litera
ture through I Frederick the Great and the
deeds of tne seven years' war." That is
to say, as -the causes and results of the
thirty years' war had drained and dead
ened national life and literature, so now
the causes and results cf the seven years'
war (1736-63) brought vital energy in
aboundiner measure to both, and the out
come in the latter was the golden age of
German literature.
The characteristic writers of the age
mav be conveniently divided into three
main .groups, which follow one another
at Intervals of about twenty, years. To
the first group belong Klopstock, Wie
land. Leasing, WInekelmnnn, Kant,
Moses Mendelssohn. "With the exception
of -Kant their Influence was exerted by
works published between the years 17aO
and 1770. In the second group are Herder,
Goethe. Schiller. Voss, Kllntrer. Burger,
most of whose work in creating and guld-
Infr was done between 1770 and 1800. The
notable members of the third group,
whose principal writings determined the
romanticism of tho first quarter of the
nineteenth century, are the brothers
Schlegel and Tieck. the brothers Hum
boldt. Jflebuhr and Savigny. Of all the
important later writings' up to the middle
of the nineteenth century it may be said
that essentially they used only the great
Ideas, theories and art principles of the
above described groups.
The work of repression and dissolution
begun by the religious and political reac
tion of the second half of the sixteenth
century was completed with disastrous
thoroughness by the thirty years' war.
which destroyed nearly all the national
forces of Germany— material, social, in
tellectual, moral. It may here suffice to
state that not until about the year 1S30
did Germany again possess the actual,
absolute amount of capital and of mate
rial prosperity which existed before 161S.
and that the spiritual impoverishment of
the second half of the seventeenth cen
tury was scarcely Ies3 in degree than the
material exhaustion thus proved. German
literature of the early sixteenth century
had been essentially national, popular, or
iginal. A little more than a century later
the thread of historical continuity had
been severed, the widest possible gulf
opened between the people and what there
then was of literature, and this itself had
come to be servilely imitative of foreign
models.
In short, while the material and* spir
itual growth of England and France had
been and continued to be steadily pro
gressive. It was as If Germany right after
IMS had to recreate both nationality and
literature. This was indeed a stupendous
tusk, the accomplishment of which is not
the least interesting part of modern his
tory.
That the great classical period of mod
ern German letters came so late has Its
sufficient explanation In the thirty years'
war — 1618-1S48. Thi3 set Germany back
fully 200 years in comparison with France
and England. The Germany of the six
teenth century was in material prosperity
and social refinement probably superior
to the England nnd the France of that
age, and the nation was essentially one in
its intellectual culture.
If our rapid introductory survey has so
far seemed philosophic, abstract, it has at
least this justification, that during all the
period we are now approaching philosophy
flourished in Germany no less than poetry,
and both were there and then interre
lated and reciprocally influential to a de
gree unknown at any other time or In any
other land.
The turn of Germany to lead and to con
tribute came at last. The golden age of
its primacy extends In Its broader limits
from the year 1748 to about 1S50. or more
narrowly from about 1760 to 1S25. The
golden gift of German literature, philos
ophy and science during this period to the
modern world is the idea of organism.
Synthesis, the individual, spontaneity, de
velopment, comparison — these are the
terms wherein the Germans have led us
to think — organism not mechanism.
matism, this enforcement of tradition and
authority yielding to English empiricism,
and the latter breaking down its practical
limits and merging- Into French rational
ism.
• The report of Grand Secretary George
T. Shaw shows that at the close of the
year the membership in this State was
30,772. The accession during the year was
2284 and the withdrawals from various
causes 1885, leaving a net gain of 399. The
disbursements during the year amounted
to $4S5,008. of which $269,017 was paid for
charity and relief. The average per mem
ber for relief was $S 74 and average dis
bursements per member for current ex
penses was $7 01. The receipts were $317,-
CS2 23, being an excess of $02,678 33 over dis
bursements. The assets of the order
amount to $2,478,904 45.
The reports of the grand trustees and
grand representatives were read and
adopted.
The whole of the afternoon session was
taken up in the discussion of the report
of the Grand Lodge committee on ap
peals. There are twenty-one of these, and
the judgment of the committee was SU3»
talned in every case. The appeals of Dun
bar vs. Concordia Lodge, Dunlap vs Sun
set Rebekah Lodge, Cunning vs. Mound
Lodge, Holbrook vs. San Lorenzo Lodge
and Mitchell vs. Bloomflcld Lodge were
reversed. In the appeals of Petersen vs
California Lodge, Trout vs. San Lorenzo
Lodge and Walton vs. Capay I,odge the
judgment of each lodge was affirmed. In
one case against California Lodge— action
on sick benefits— the lodge was directed
to investigate the claim, and the appeal
of Gumbiner vs. Crockett Lodge was dis
missed. The committee on appeals con
sists of Davis Loudeiback, S. G. Kellogg
M. G. Gill, J. F. Thompson and G. B.'
Dean.
The grand officers will be elected to
morrow.
At the afternoon session the report of
the grand master, so far a* it relates to
the Odd Fellows' Home, was made the
ppoclal order for 10 o"clock this morning,
when It will be discussed and it is thought
that the discussion will be an exciting
one.
The Question has been asked: How can a
change ba made without imposing too great
a burden on the lodge*? The answer is ob
vious; if this Grand Lodge should decide to
change thql location, let It delegate to some
committee authority to receive proposals for a
site and report thereon at Its next session.
I am firmly of the belief that a new location
for this institution should be soueht imme
diately. If we have no consideration for the
sufferings of those poor old people from chills
and shaking and fever— from excessive heat
In summer— from cold rooms In winter— if we
are regardless of the miseries of an isolation
such as they have to endure. If we care
naught for the extra expense — then. Therma
lito is as good aa any other location, but If we
do care for theso things and I believe the Odd
Fellows of California have only to fully real
ize the situation In order to furnish the rem
edy—then let us move the home and let us do
It now.
Durinc my official term I have instituted in
person three subordinate lodge?, dedicated two
nails, wrote 1<H3 letters, visited 101 subordi
nate lexises, seven Robekah lodges and the
home at Thermalito; have traveled 16,227 mliea
p.s follows: By rail 10,609 miles, by water
749 miles, and by team 869 miles; have held
two sDeclal sessions of the Grand Lodge.
Relative to the Odd Fellows' Home at
Thermalito. he says, after giving a
lengthy account of his observations on a
visit to the place:
The time of the session until recess was
taken up with the reading of the report
of Grand Master "W. A, Bonynge. In this
he calls attention to the fact that four
new subordinate lodges were instituted as
follows: Westminster No. 72, at "West
minster, Orange County; Colonia No. 8?,
at Oxnard, Ventura County; Commercial
No. 387, at Ix»s Angeles, and Boulder
Creek No. 152. at Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz County. Also sixteen Rebekah lodges
during the year. A great deal of the re
port refers to his official acts, which ho
sums up as follows:
The committee on credentials presented
its report, after which the Grand Lodge
degree was conferred on 250 past grand3
and the working committees for the ses
sion ! were appointed.
The several hundred representatives, to
gether with the sitting grand officers and
the past grands who compose the Grand
Lodge of Odd Fellows of California, as
sembled yesterday morning in the Assem
bly Hall of the Odd Fellows' building.
Taken as a whole, it is one of the finest
bodies of representative men that has
ever assembled in the name of Odd Fel
lowship in this city.
Report on the Condition oF
the Order— Grand Mas
ter on the Home at
Thermalito.
ODD FELLOWS IN
THE GRAND LODGE
terday morning in the Memorial Hall of
the Odd Fellows' building. All the officers
were' present, as were also several of the
past presidents and the delegates, whose
names have already been published in
The Cull.
After the presentation of the report of
the committee on credentials and the
conferring of the assembly degree on
about 200 past noble grands there was an
eloquent and encouraging address by Past
Grand Master Barnes, after which a re
cess was taken until 3 o'clock in the after
noon.
At the afternoon session there was a
congratulatory address to the delegates by
Past Grand Master J. H. Glasson, after
which the report of the president, Mrs.
Helen M. Carpenter, was read. This
shows that during the year she visited 127
lodges and held one special session of the
Assembly. It also shows that the total
number of members is 17.172; net gain
during the year, 700; new lodges insti
tuted, 16: lodges surrendered charters, 2;
total number of lodges, 237. On the sub
ject of interest in the order by the mem
bers Mrs. Carpenter says:
It Is very pleasing to note the increasing
favor of white robes and white dresses. The
staffs of more than one-half of the lodges
visited were thus attired. Some tried it as an
¦exi>erlment and the fact that the lodge, robes
were utilized In making comforters for the or
phans is conclusive evidence of their choice.
White is destined to supplant the vari-colored
robes manufactured for the market, as it
possesses the double advantage of beauty and
economy. And, again, what could be more
fitting than the color which represents the base
of all the grand principles of Odd Fellowship?
In relation to the Orphans' Home at
Gilroy, which is under special care of the
Rebekahs, she says:
The Orphans* Home is the pride of the Re
bekahs, and the lodges generally are deeply
interested In the work and are contributing
most generously to the support of that Insti
tution. A few lodges that have suffered finan
cial straits deplored their inability to gratify
their generous Inclinations; but such as these
needed merely to be apprised of the ways and
means that are within the easy reach of the
least prosperous, to give their hearty assist
ance. The sisters of Santa Monica furnish a
worthy example in devoting one afternoon In
each week to Orphans' Home work. Others
hp.ve donated beyond our greatest expectations,
and there seems to be an augmented interest
proportionate to the increasing family and Its
responsibilities. . The able management of the
home by the board of trustees, down to the
minutest details, Is worthy the noble women
who are giving their time and best thought
unstlntlngly to the cause, wishing no greater
reward than the consciousness of duty well
performed.
The report shows that during her term
the president did a great deal of official
work.
The reports of the other officers were
received and referred to appropriate com
mittees.
The Assembly is to be presented a set of
gavels at to-day's session.
The election of the officers for the en
suing term will be held on Thursday
next.
In the evening there was present in the
Assembly Hall of the Odd Fellows' build
ing a large number of officers and dele
gates, before whom the ritualistic work
was performed by a team from Templar
Lodge. The work memorized, floor and
dramatic, was with that degree of per
fection for which this lodge's team is
noted. A great deal of praise was given
to Noble Grand Mrs. Dale Warford and
her corps of efficient officers, who have
been drilled to their present degree of
perfection by Past Noble Grand R. c.
Black, who a few evenings ago, as a
recognition of his services, was present
ed by the lodge with a beautiful gold
watch appropriately inscribed.
After the work there was an informal
reception to the officers and delegates to
the Assembly and a short programme of
dancing.
The session of the California Assembly
of the Rebekahs, I. O. O. F., opened yes-
Address by Past Grand Mas
ter—President Tells of
Order and Orphans'
Home. \
REBEKAHS MEET IN
STATE ASSEMBLY
At the first session of the Subsidiary
High Court of the Ancient Order of For
esters in Foresters' building yesterday
there were present 130 delegates, eight
members of the executive council and four
past high chief rangers. The session was
called to order by Subsidiary High Chief
Ranger M. Boehm. The chair, alter hav- |
ing received the report of the committee j
on credentials?, appointed committees on
laws and supervision, state of the order,
grievances and appeals, finance and ac
counts, written and unwritten work, mile
age and per diem, on distribution, on ;
time and place of meeting, after which i
the report of the subsidiary, high chief i
ranger was presented.
The report shows that there was a net
gain of 200, despite the fact that sixteen
courts had gone out of existence. The
January report of 1898 gives the number of
courts as 150, membership 74S5. Report of
March, 1900, shows number of courts 135,
membership 7GS7. Funds of the subordi
nate courts January 1, 1S93, $71,087 63;
March 31, 1900, $S5.682 74— an increase of
514.597 11 since January 1. 1S98.
•Our jurisdiction covers a large terri
tory." said Mr. Boehm, "ajid our members
in the North and East complain of the dis
advantages they are under, the order not
being properly taken care of in that sec
tion by the Subsidiary High Court, that
the entire attention is given to one portion
only, namely, California, and for this rea
son have become disheartened. I would
recommend that some provision be made
at this session bv which the entire juris
diction be strengthened and our order be
come better known on the Pacific Coast.
A number of proposed amendments tn
the general laws were taken up ajid acted
upon, one o£ these, having, for its purpose
abolishing the office of permanent secre
tary and creating the office of general sec
retary to be elected in the same manner
as the other officers, was defeated by a
vote of 111 noes to 16 ayes.
At the afternoon session the discussion
of the proposed amendments was con
tinued. The most important of these was
a proposition to strike out from the con
stitution that section which declares that
"no department of this order shall be al
lowed to transact any business on Sun
day; nor shall any picnic, excursion or
entertainment of any character be given
on that day in the name of the Ancient
Order of Foresters. This section shall
not be construed to prevent the attend
ance of a court at the funeral of a mem
ber." That and five other amendments
were defeated.
To-day the legislative body will be called
upon to pass on a proposition to create a
general relief fund to be raised by a tax
of 5 cents a member Quarterly and to be
used to assist courts or members in dis
tress. To transfer the majiajrernent of the
official organ to the order: to reduce the
per capita tax to 75 cents; the report of
the committee appointed to revise this gen
eral laws and to establish district courts
under the jurisdiction of the Subsidiary
High Court.
To-night the delegates, the grand offi
cers and the members generally will be
the guests of the Nineteen Hundred Club
at a complimentary ball to be given in the
Mechanics' Pavilion. To-morrow nlsrht
there will be a banquet to the incoming
and outgoing High Court officers. -s .. ...
Proposition to Abolish Per
manent Secretaryship
Defeated — Sunday
Law Sustained.
ANCIENT FORESTERS
IN THE HIGH COURT
The fraternal organizations are in the midst of their convention season. Yesterday more than six
big orders began their regular annual meetings for the election of officers and the transaction of impor
tant business. Hundreds of delegates filled the several halls, and several thousand interested members
gathered at the various headquarters to listen to annual reports and discuss the welfare of their orders.
CONVENTIONS FRATERNAL
ORGANIZATIONS
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9,-1900.
Christoph Martin Wieland was born
near Biberach, in Wurtemberg, in 1733.
and died in 1513 at Weimar, whither he
was called by Duchess Amalia in 1772 as
tutor of her sons. His youthful writings*
Influenced by Klopstock and Plato, were
followed by a period of revulsion from
their pietlstic strain to delight in the worltl
and the pleasures of sense. Finding the
golden mean, he was at the height of hi*
power during the first decade of his resi
dence in Weimar. His notable novels are
Frledrich Gottlieb Klopstock was born
in 1724 at Quedlinburg. He studied the
ology—1715 to 1748— at the universities of
Leipzig and Jena, In 1751 the art-loving
King. Frederick V of Denmark, called
him to Copenhagen, and there Klopstcck
remained twenty years. After thf death
of his patron he lived almost continuously
in or near Haihburg. where in 1VC he
died, honored as the patriarch of modern
German literature. His fame rests upon
hia many lyric poems and mainly upon
his masterpiece, "The Messiah." nomi
nally a religious epic In twenty cantos,
singing Christ's death, resurrection and
ascension, the chief beauties of which,
however, are also lyrics in their nature.
Indeed, as regards the form and style of
his great work Klopstock ought never to
have been called the German Milton; he
is rather a literary Bach or Handel, and
his work a literary oratorio in Its pro
fuse blending of lyric arias and dramatic
choruses with epic recitative.
GOLDEN AGES OF LITERATURE.
and Wieland. Lesslng and Herder. Goethe
and Schiller. After rather summary
treatment of the first two pairs we shall
attempt a pregnant characterization of
him whom so many look upon as the
greatest man of modern times, and re
serve for a following brief article a dis
cussion of his companion, the first dra
matist of Germany.
Thus, then, in letters and thought we
see In successive sway over Europe Ital
ian humanism giving way to Spanish dog-
During and immediately after the
breaking up of the Ideal unity of medi
eval life and thought Italy led the way
by her rediscovery and use of the treasure
of Greek art and literature; Spain fol
lowed, imposing: herself upon and dom
inating literary Europe no less than re
ligious and political Europe. Though now
the reformation arose in Germany, it was
England that shattered the rule of Spain
and became the leader of European
thought and letters. Bacon and Shake
speare taught men in defiance of all tra
dition and authority to observe and record
as they are the facts of nature, physical
or moral. Next, under the leadership of
France, Europe went on to complete the
work which the English had begun, of
making human reason supreme in reli
gion, politics, art.
Of the literatures of Europe the German
was the last to have its Rolden age. The
four other great European nations suc
ceeded one the other, but all preceded
Germany in making their finest contribu
tions to modern culture. A vivid sketch
of this general movement made some
years a so by a notable German essayist,
Karl Hillebrand, may be condensed in out
line as follows:
BY ARTHUR II. PALMER. M. A.
(Professor of German ; literature, Yale
University.)
XX—GOETHE AND THE GOLDEN
AGEOF GERMAN I^TERATTJRE.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
GOLDEN AGE OF GERMAN LITERATURE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
7
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
TYPEWRITERS.
Bllckensderfer, especially adapted, durable, por-
table, reliable, practical; $40. 117 Sutter.
ASSAYING.
LEAXtN to pan. amale-amate. *tc ln 10 days.
$20. VAN DER NAILLEN. 923 Market St.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS-
In Operation Daily, 625 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
•/QnPH Were successful at Nome last
l\l\U\jn year. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson st., S. F.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Nome.
are you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
gravel; has interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO., cor. Fremont and Natoma.
DREDGING PUMPS.
WHISKY.
HFIVTPl) DVP CHRISTY & WISE Commer-
IlUMCil MIC- clal Co.. 327-329 Sansome St.
DREDGING PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline, Steam Hoist*. Centrifugal Pumps.
Eneln^s&BolIers. HendyMach.Wks.,40 Fremont.
GOLD-SAVINQ MACHINE
In operation daily at Mining Fair. Central
Park. Office 137 Beale st.
FIBRE GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
Eaves fine gold: no plates, mercury or motion.
In operation 11 Spear sL
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL- Gold Saving Machine. 229 Fol-
com street. Oriental Gas Encino Company.
GOL"> SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator in
dally operation. Win. H. Birch & Co., 133 1st.
ENGINES.
In stock, steam, gas. gasoline; full line; mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn., 20 Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds, 33 Market et.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD .; CO., Washington
¦and 1st sts., Oakland.- or. Builders'.' Ex..; 8., F.
LIQUORS-
WHICFEV BLATZ BEER, Bethesda Water.
VTllldnCI CAHEN & SON.418 Sacramento «t:
GROCERIES J NO PROVISIONS.
Outfit* packed. IRVINE BROS., E70: Howard,
308 Fourtn. 1302 Polk and 14«1 Stockton, 8.' F.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO 8 «? 8t
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
Learn to know gold and save it, to handle
amalgamating plates, etc. Central Park.
TANKS.
TANKS— raclflc Tank Co.. manufacturers. 35
Beale st. S. F.. 34S E. M st.. Los Angeles.
SILVER-PLATED MINING PLATES.
GET them at Dennlston's San Francisco Plat-
ing Works, 652 Mission et.
AMUSEMENTS.
AmlaWiz? Come and See !
TWEMY-6EVENTH TIME TO-NIGHT
Of the Enormoue Comic Opera Success,
THE
WIZARDoftheNILE
It Is Greater than "The Idors Eye."
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at S.
?rFc u e l s^ 25 50 Cents
Telephone — Bush 9.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.'S BALL
THIS AFTERNOON at 3:15.
WONDERFUL CHILD PIANIST.
Little Paloma Schramm
Assisted by
...KARLA...
Her Younger Sister and 'Only PudJI,
Presenting- a Remarkable Programme'.
i FECOND CONCERT SATURDAY AFTER-
NOON: NEXT.
Reserved Seats. 50 cents, 75 cent*, $1.00.
i On sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
CHUTES AND_ZOO."S7£SJ-
PROSTO ard WARDA: HERBERT GILBERT
CASTLE: HARRY DE ARMO; MABEL LE
CLAtR; FAIRBANK BROS.; ALICE RAY-
MOND; DAVENPORT BISTERS; MOVING
PICTURES.
TO-MORROW NIGHT-TIIB AMATEURS.
SATURDAY XIGHT-CAKEWALK CONTEST
Telephone for Seats. Park 23.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
. .„. 122-124 OTARRELL STREET.
LAMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET
Great Double Bill. Prison S?ene from
K ApST." LaBt Act - RIOOtj ETTO."
10c— Admission— 10c. Matinee Sunday.
CONCERT HALL— THE C F. KAPP COMPANY
Corner «««£.«. «««««W«tet street.
T-irr>SS N^?/ N rK? US VAUDEVILLE
ADM^nV' IGHT - EVERY NIGHT.
AUMIbfclON FREE
Dn lonn The covered passage-
X. CtldV/tJ w ay connecting these
__.____^_^__ * w o Immense struc-
' tures places under
j one management 1400
QTirl rooms. 900 of which
CHIVI have baths attached.
____^______ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
p., rtM J of the world recognize
VjTcHlQ and appreciate tho
comforts and convenl-
— — — —^ — ences offered by these
__ , ".•' ¦.-. hotels.
LJnfnlo American plan. Eu-
HULClD ropean plan.
U&J mil riBsaaaa
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris. 3. ESP10 ; Miv Tcrk. E. FOOGERA k CO
BOLD BY ALL DRUCGI3T&.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tcr and Nervine.
The most wonderful arhrodiaiae and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both s»xea.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and ItJadder. SrUs on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
223 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
KEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled *nd renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 60 day;
K to (8 week; t& to $20 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; flr« «rate« in every
room: elevator runs all nicht.
niPP O HI! Ml Corner Fourth and
PRLl I IV A I M*«*e*. s - F - Try
I n r r Ki I f til our p p* clal Brew
uHl L Sill I HL stc * m » n(1 La * er «
Will !• llWilll— 6c. Overcoats and
Valtseschecked free.
THE WEEKLY GALL.
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion sluice saves gold; competi-
tion Invited 1798 15th St., corner Guerrero.
ROCKERS.
The lightest, cheapest and proven the best for
placer work. lPll^i Mission st.
PARKS ALASK\ ROCKER.
Rocking pumps the water; self-clearing riffles
motion continuous. 3 Natoma, nr. Fremont.
PLATES FOT? SAVINQ GOLD.
Schaezleln A Burrldge. 2 Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W. BELL. Central Plating Works. 852 Mls-
elon St., S. F. Phone Jessie 301.
ECLIPSE COLD-SAVING MACHINE.
Portable, reversible, ball-bearing: capacity 36
tons dally; weight 100 lbs. 303 Mission st.
AMUSEMENTS.
"MAKES A~~HIT."— Call,
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Brin* the CMlfiren to the Saturday Matinee.
EVERY ?EAT OCCLTIED AGAIN* LAST
NIGHT.
CHAS. H. TALES Ma«*lve, Marvelous. Me-
chanicaJ, Spectacular Romance,
the EVIL EYE
OR THE
HE&&T OF NID
JlISHArS W ' nlL/ «"
and the TVONDERFTL OP MOO
PPECIAL PKICES— :.V. S*c. 60c. 'Zc. |1.
MATIXEE TO-DAT. WEDNESDAY.
Parquet. 2'<e, any peat; Balcony, lCc.
<T)ildrcn. l&c, any part.
ALL TOP-NOTCHERS
FINAL, WEEK OF
FULCORA STARS,
In Connection With
ORPMEt/M CELEBKlTiES.
MILTON and DOLXJE NOBLES, assisti»<5 bv
MlSrf EVA WESTCOTT; MARK StXUVAX;
MILL. E. PATEi; AMERICAN B1OGRAPH:
MTTLn FRED: MR. and MRS. ARTHUR
KIDMAN: BfOMAX & ADELLE; BROTHERS
FORREST; ETTA BUTLER.
~~~~~~~~~— — —— j
PLEASE I THE
DON'T FORGET j MATINEE
TO-MORROW amRPDAT> AFTERNOON.
AT 2:15 O'CLOCK.
MR. JAMES NIBILL
¦ And Hi« Fplen4!4 Asrrfmtion of Players.
' Presenting the Be?t of XUchard Mansfield's
A PARISIAN ROMANCE.
HKGT'LAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
new I ltd i^at*— Night, 2ic. tCc. Tic; mat-
Ire-, ;;*;. toe.
Next Sunday Night. THE BEST AMERI-
CAN PLAY EVER WRITTEN— "AX AMERI-
CAN riTIZEN."
PHONE MAIN B32.
= J^AST WEEK OF =ss
Our latest and Greatest Success,
IN GAY NEW YORK.
Full of Catchy Music. Pretty Songs, Graceful I
Dances aj><J New JoV-». :
If You Enjoy a Hearty Laugh. Don't Miss It. j
== NEXT WEEK =
An Entire Novelty to Ean Franclaeo.
"THE I_MD"V SLrt\/E"V. tt
F*or i»« year* the rage of London and Kew Tork
REAPPEARANCE OF ARTHUR WOOLET.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra, Saturday
l!a::r.'-e, £> cents.
liranch Ticket Office— Emporium.
K£rC JP^ SAT?
41LV H EAT R E^A >
EVERY, NIGHT THIS WEEK
3IATINp:K SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE GREAT
DIAMOND ROBBERY
At rreser.ted at
A. M. PALMERS THEATER, N. Y.
PRICES— 15c^25c, 35c, 50c.
N*xt Week— K. A. Sothern'g fuceem.
- 'THE MAXSTEB OF 'ROOD BARROW. 1 '-
GLYMF1A b'SSKSiii
THE ONLY FREE VAI7DKVILLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY.
DEETS AND DON,
The Newert Novelty Trio.
IIANLON and SINGER,
Roman Ring nxpert*.
A1AURICB mONTAGUE,
Dramatic Tenor. *
k THEL/WR U/INF1ELD,
v Violin Sololrt.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STACK COMPANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION'FREE! ADMISSION FREEl
:&KEBEEFEE£BE5EESBBBEagEBHEBEESESCSEBB&HBSSE3HB
I JJ
S 1
! Largest Cloak and Suit House on the Coast. t
* --^ ,:¦ , 0
| B
i Largest Stock! \
S H
: Lowest Prices! j
I Latest Styles ! j
1 REMARKABLE i
I BARGAINS! j
¦ E
a LADIES' GOLF SUITS, neatly stitched, tailor-made, K
u Eaton and double-breasted, tight-fitting, latest shade of p
g gray, value for $20, sale price THIS DAY. . .' . . .$12, 50 [
I I
J LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, richly \
g applrqued, \-alne for $20, sale price THIS DAY.512,50 J
1 . E
¦ LADIES' LIGHT GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, \
g value for $25, sale price THIS DAY $15,00 "
B I
¦ LADIES' NOVELTY GRAY SUITS, value for $37.50, [
g sale price THIS DAY - — $25.00 [
¦ LADIES' BLACK SILK APPLIQUE SKIRTS, accor- \
c dion pleating, value for $35, sale price THIS DAY .$25 [
1 1146 Market Street. |
BEBBEBBBBnMBBBBKBM«BE«aBBBWEEBaaiMBBBlBH)Sun, Moon and Tide.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
T . _ C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S N Mer-
Ma" 1 *?' i9^o Chal>ge ' San FrancIsc °.' Cal..
CHICAGO, May 8.— Most of the day wheat
was a bit advanced over yesterday's closing
figures. Th-; opening was firm because there
was more steadiness In cables than had been
expected and because there was heavy rain
In the Southwest, where it is not wanted and
none in the extreme Northwest, where It is
reported to be needed. There was a period of
df-pre^hlon following the opening, the corn
weukneB!- being the principal motive, but later
the market rallied. The rally was helped by
liradstrcei's decrease In the world's visible and
by a lair cash demand. July left on" with an
improvement of
The corn market was dull and heavy. The
opening showed a fractional decline and Im
mediately after the market rallied some on a
little spurt In the demand, but this was opeed
ily overcome by pressure of long stuff and
the market sagged. There was also short sell-
Ing and considerable amounts came out on
stop-loss orders. The cash demand was slow
and there seemed to be little support' coming
from the bull crowd. The close was heavy,
with a loss of V4c for July.
Oats were weak In sympathy with corn and
trade was rather dull. July closed U@}»c
lower.
Provisions were weak most • of the session,
but toward the end steadied on buying by an
Influential packer. July pork closed 15c lower,
lard 2Vic down and ribs a shade lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash Quotations were as follows: Flour,
tteady; No. 3 spring wheat, 62063^0; r No. 2
red, 69U@"lc; No. 2 corn, 3S%c; No. 2 yellow,
38>,(g-3r.c; No. 2 oats. 23»4c: No. 2 white. 26Hc;
No. 3 white. 23U@26Uc: good feeding barley.
3CS27c; lair to- choice • malting, 40jj43c- No. • 1
finxyeed, Jl SO; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 80; prime
timcthy seed. ?2 40; mess pork, per barrel,
$10 4"i@U 50; lard, per 100 sounds, t6 53©6 75;
short ribs, sides (loose), $6 oo@6 60; dry salted
Rhnuldcrs «boxed). 6%®7c; phort clear sides
(boxed). $7Q7 10; whisk}-, basis of high wines,
Jl 25V4. Sugars— cut loaf, 6c; granulated, 5.44c;
confectioners' A. 5.40c; off A, 6.25c. Clover,
contract grade, V.
"ARTICLES. . lReceipts.1 Shipm'ts.
Flour, barrels 14.000 700
Wheat, buflids 1S.000 480,000
Corn, bushels l«7.C00 S55.0O0
Oats, bunhela 197,000 " «15.000
Barley, bushels-... ¦ 2(5,000 2.000
Rye. bushels :... 7,000 3.C00 _•
On the - Produce Exchange to-day the but
ter market was tteady; : creamery, : 14'/4@19'^c;
EASTERN MARKETS.
I Chicago Grain Market.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— '
2000 ctls. $1 Ol'g.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
$1 01T4: 12.000. *1 02; SOOO. $1 02H.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, Jl 01%.
BARLEY— Previous prices rule and the mar
ket is still dull.
Feed, 7»c for No. 1 and 70372»Jc for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, S0@S5c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
7«c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Business i3 dull and of a retail charac
ter and quotations have shown no change of
any consequence for weeks.
White, $1 10®l 30; Red, Jlftl 20; Gray. *1 07<4
@'l 15; Black, llgl 07H
CORN—The market continues steady at the
good prices, with slender offerings. Eastern
large yellow, SI Ib&l 17& per ctl; Eastern
white, $1®1 10 per ctl. •
RYE— 95£?&7%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extra*. $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington. ?2 25@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 7b; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $3 2303 50; . Buck
wheat Flour. *4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, J3 25:
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6#7 25; In sacks. $5 75^7: Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $3; Green Peas. $5 50 per
1C0 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Hay continues firm, as receipts are moderate
and the demand has improved of late. Feed
btuffs rtand the same.
BRAN— J12I&13 per ton. .
MIDDLINGS— |l7«j - 20-ner ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. J15<317 per
ton; Oilcake Sleal at the mill. $2G@27; Jobbing.
J27 50®2S; Cocoanut Cake, J20<g21; Corn Meal.
S25; Cracked Com. J25 50; Mixed Feed, ?10 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal. ¦ •' ¦
HAY— Wheat. $7*19 for common to good; $9 60
(010- for * choice; Wheat, and Oat. »7@S» ; Oat.
tMit: Barley, J3@7; Alfalfa, J5@7 50 per ton.
•STRAW — 25fij33c Der bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue dull at the revised quotations.
There is nothing whatever doing In Seeds.
1JEANS—Uayos, $3<g-3 20; small White, $3 25®
3 45; large White. 13 10@3 2C>; Pink. $2 60@2 90;
Red. H 25f/3 .",0; Blackeye, $3 50<g>4; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $3 23(5'3 30; Pea, 13 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys. 14^4 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard; nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4Vi@4 : 54c: Flax. II 90®2 20; Canary,
3V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. SlflOc; Rape, 2»,4@3c; Hemp, 4g4V4c;
Timothy. 4«T4Vic.
DRIED PBAS-Ntles. U 90(32 25; Green, W 80
®2 25 per ctl. ¦ ' .'. .;'.;': v
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Australian' Onions are offering lower.
. Potatoes are • weak as a, rule, though' rivers
In boxes sold well.*' " ' ¦' ' ' • *
. String ' Beans continue -to decline. , Medium
and lower grades of Asparagus are weak.. ;;
. Receipts were 749 boxes Asparagus, 361 boxes
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Chicago opened firmer on better
forelcn advices. Broomhall reported Conti
nental stocks much smaller than exDected aild
Uradstreet's reported a decrease ot 6.75O.0O0
bushels In the world' a visible supply. There
were heavy rains In the middle West and ex
cessive rains In the Southwest. Toward the
close of the day the weakness In Corn was a
damper on Wheat, but It held steady.
The .ocal market showed little change.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. SSTiQ-Soc; milling:. 96^0
C$1.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 83*^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 Sn',i
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1"H
Fine Silver, per ounce — adTs
Mexican Dollars 43^ O
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT FREIGHTSMThere Is very little do-
Ins on the spot and rates are nominally as
before. The chartered Wheat fleet In port has
a registered tonnage of 23, J00, against 6000 tons
on the same date last year; disengaged, 77C0
tons, against 36,200; on the way to this port,
1CS, 7^0 tons, against 178,770.
Exchange and Bullion.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the Jay. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right . hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
- _ - .
WEDNESDAY, MAY 9.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
; waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute slater than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Per ship Drumxaond. at Port Los Anr«>s.
Feb IS. lat 44.45 S, lon 62.J0 W— fihlo HuVn,
from New York, for Honolulu. April 23. lat
20 N. lon 123 W— Fr bark Emlli* Gailine, b«nc*
April 18. for Que»n-town.
March 29. lat 39 8. lon 58 W— Br tar? Pes»
sus, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
April 20. lat 25 N. lon SS W— Br abip Se&fsxtr,
hence Jan 12. for Hall.
DOMESTIC POUTSw
PORT LTJDLOW— Arrtved May 7— Or tiip
Pera, from Port Townsend.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 7— Stmr Easlra, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrtred May S— Rass
stmr Dalny Vostock, from Victoria, and pro
ceeded for Tacoma.
COOKS INLET— Arrived AprU 14— Ship Cen
tennial hence March 2S; stmr J«nn2«. isa.es
April 2.
PRINCE WILLIAMS 6OUND-An-M*ed April
12— Bark Kate Davenport, hence March 17.
PYRAMID HARBOR— Arrived April
Two Brothers, hence April 7.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May •— Scar Vo
lant, hence April 28; schr J. B. Leeds. heac«
April 22; schr Neptune, from Moss Landing;
schr Laura May. hence April 17; Bchr Occiden
tal, hence April 23; schr Laura Madsen. from
Ban Pedro. . _ .
TACOMA— Arrived May »-Baxk Cataerer.
hence April 29. '*'tl*1. __
PYRAMID HARBOR— Arrived April 2S— Stmr
President, hence April 13- .
CO03 BAY-Salled May *-Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco. ,., -»v --.¦---»
M^ay^Stmr Qeone. hence
M NEW WHATCOM-Arrived May T-Bktn
NEWPORT S— Arrived May 8— Stmr De
spatch, from Eureka. „
FORT BRAOG-rArrived May S-Stmr Na
tional City, hence May 7. Sailed-Stmr Noyo.
r °SAN n pEDRol O Salled May »-Bar,e SanU
P SAX DIEGO^SaHed May $-Bark Coloma, for
CITY-Satled May J-Stmr Cres
cent City, for San Francisco. _ -rp-n,^
TACOMA-Salled May *-Schr E. K. Wood.
°EUREKA— Sailed May 8— Schr Sparrow, for
"^EATTLE^Arrlved May S—Stmr Farallon.
F c6os HAY— Arrived May »-Stmr Del Norte.
from Portland. _ ,
ASTORIA— Sailed May »— Stmr State of Ca.
fornla. for San Francisco. ,
SEATTLE— Sailed May 8— Stmr Signal, f^-r
Astoria.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May 7— Br •».?
Crown of England, from Portland; Br ship Fort
Loian, from. Portland.
HULL— In port April 27— Fr bark Genera* oe
Charette. for San Francisco. . „
NEWCASTLE. Australia— Sailed May 5-Or
ship Robert Duncan, for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— Sailed May 8— Fr bark Moll!«-r a .
for S?an Francisco.
FALMOUTH- Arrived May «— Br shtp East
Indian, hence Dec 23. May 7— Fr bark Cain
bronne. hence Dec 10.
HOLYHEAD— Passed May 7— Br ship Cam
brian Princess, from Fraser River, for Liver
pool.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 8— Br bark Forte
viot. for .
HONGKONG— Arrived May «— Stmr China,
henc* Acrll 7.
ANTWERP— In port AprU 20— Br bark Ber
muda, for San Francisco. March 23— Br ship
Crornpton. for San Francisco. Sailed Feb t*o —
Br ship Mllverton. for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, Australia— In port April IT—
Br Fhl*> Vweenee. for San Francisco.
SWANSEA— In port April 2—Fr bark Vllle da
Mulhotise. for fan Francisco.
HAMBURG— In purt April 7— Br ship Astra
cana. for Portland. Or.
PORT ELIZABETH— Sailed March 14— Nor.
bark Stjorn. for Portland. Or.
LONDON— In port April 12— Br ship Itata, for
Victoria. B. C.
SPOKEN
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 8—18 •>. ra.— Wearier.
hazy; wind, southwest; Telocity. 13 *-m*.«
SAILED.
Tuaaday. Uay L
Stmr Greenwood, Fagertund. Greenwood.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gllboy. Tacoma.
Stmr Curacao. Von Helms, Guayrna*.
Etmr fanoa. Jahn«*n. Eureka.
Stznr Columbia, Doran, Astoria.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr South Portland, Hall, Seattle and Cm
alaska.
U S stmr Richard Rush. CusUajr, 8eatt!».
Tuesday. May $
Stmr South Portland. Hall. UcalasJta. rla>
Seattle; Pioneer Steamship Company.
Stmr Curacao. Von Helms. Guayxnaa; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexaadar. San Dlera:
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
CLEARED.
Tnswlay. May 9.
Stmr Conemaugh. Roberta. SO days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 22 days.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. lOVi day* from Hono
lulu.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Mor-raa, tft day*
from Nanalmo.
Ship Cyrus Wakefleld, Macloon. S2 days from
Honolulu.
Bark S. C. Allen. Johnson. IS day* from
Honolulu.
Bktn City of Papeete, Beruda. 54 days from
Tahiti.
Schr Mildred. Klndllo. 20 days from Saa P«
firo.
Schr John O. North. Austin. O days from
llonoipu.
Schr Ocean. Spray. Laxsen. ( days from Itbt
aens Landing.
ARRIVED.
NEW YORK. May 8.— There were no new
features In the metal market to-day. Cables
were again a little lower. Tin here was
slightly off from yesterday's closing prices
owing to lack of demand and large receipts
The close was easy at $29 25(g29 50. Pig iron
v.-nrriints were very weak in the absence of
buyers, closing nominally at $15 50; Northern
No. 1 foundry was quoted at 21@23c — entirely
nominal at that. Spelter also ruled u little
easier, closing barely steady at $4 D7H bid nnd
$4 C2'/i asked. Lake copper and lead were dull
nnd unchanged, closing at $17 and $4 40g4 43
respectively. The brokers' price for lead was
14 20 and for copper $17.
Nezv York Metal Market.
While not particularly active to-day the
market for evaporated apples maintained Its
firm undertone. Receipts were light and coun
try advices favorable. Sellers were conspicu
ous by their abs;nce. At the close prices were
unchanged, but showed an upward tendency.
California dried fruits were dull and nominally
unohanj-ed.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4U«»-'c; prime. J*ki^i6c; choice, 6»i<37c; fancy.
7',ifiSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIKD PRUNES— 3'4@7c per
X'Ound. as to size and <*ua!lty.
APRICOTS— Royal, USjVxr. Moorpnrk, 1501SC
PEACHES— J'eeled. lSfi22c; unpeeled. 74©9c.
DRIED FRUITS
KGGS — Receipts. 20,363 packages; steady:
storage Western at mark, 13V2*jl4c; regular
packing at mark. 12'4S12Vic; Southern at mark,
miftl3c.
St'OAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3 13-lGc:
centrifugal. % test. 4 1-I5c; molasses, 3?ic; re
fined steady.
BUTTER— Receipts. S321 packages; firm:
Western creamery, 16?T2Oe; factory, 13@15c.
WOOL— Dull.
COFFKK— Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 invoice,
7 s ic: mild, quiet: Cordova. 9Higi3Vic.
'VHE AT— Receipts. 230.OTO; exports. 23.970.
Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 80%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 2 red, 77 T gC elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 7C'ic afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth,
78'^c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easy, but
were strengthened later by unexpected steadi
ness on the continent, renewed unfavorable
crop news from Kansas and a heavy reduction
In world's storks. The close was steady at
*sc advance; May, 72ViS72»4c closed at 72"gc;
July. 72 ll-l(5G73Vic. closed at ~Z\ic; Septem
ber. 73 l-10fi73»;e, closed at 73?ic.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
NEW YORK. May 8— FLOUR— Receipts, 37,
4T6; exports, 3700. Weak and lower, holden
endeavoring to attract business by making con
cessions
New York Grain and Produce.
Kur«ka 0.24 4S.49 33.35 I
Hed BIufT O.'f> 22.29 20 .t*
gacrameiito O.flfl la.SS 14.01 j
h«n Krancisco O.«-i 1S.20 IB.i-j !
Fresno O.OO i.'JS 7.U\
3rtd--j>en(5ence 0.C0 ?-.CZ 1.21 j
Far. I^iiis Obispo 0.09 1S.S2 16.41 ]
Los Angeles O.C0 7.4S S.01
Fan Diego u.W 5.S2 4.S4
Yuma «.«< 1.2S 1.34
Pan Ft anfflTT da i a— Maximum temperature,
€7; minimum, L3; mean. 61).
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL I
FORECAST.
The j'*' p "m*re ha? ii*<en rapidly over the
northern *>ortion of the 1'aclSc slope. An area |
of low prehfure of the fjmnier type overlies I
the valley cf the Colorado.
¦ The temperature J'-as remained nearly eta- 1
tlonary -*.-e*<t of the Koi-liy Mountains. In the \
great valleys of California the temj>eraturts !
are &:¦!:• norr-iEl.
i-lph- thowers have occurred over Oregon ar.d j
TVeshinftlcn.
KcreciiFt made at Pan Francisro for thirty j
hours ending midnight. May 9. ":*J0.
Northern California — Fair Wednesday, with j
tots on the ooaat: light northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Wednesday; light
¦rcatcrijT winds.
Nevada— Fair Wednesday.
I'tah— Ka'.r Wednesday.
Arizona— Kalr V.'ojnet,day.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fafr We<1n«t-inv.
with f^g in the afternoon; light northerly !
changing to brisk westerly winat.
ALEXANDER G. MeJLDIK.
Forecast Official, j
The following are the e^-afonal rainfalls to I
date, ae compared with th<i; of the same date j
lest season and rainfalls in the las=t twenty- !
four hours:
La.<=t This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, seacon.
SAN FRANCISCO. May g— 5 p. ra.
C.rCth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
"Unpeel^d bleached peaches are repcrte-1 in j
rather better |>os:tion. late advices from Cali
fornia ir;iJkatir.g u. better movement. Some
holders have closed out their supplies a t slight
ly advanced rates. For other kinds there are i
no features, ar.<2 traJe i* limited to actual con- I
¦uciptive requirements."
"Han-burg cables quote the prune market
there at ZtyQUe. c. I. f.. fur E-O-60's In 50-lb
boxefc. Th«r:e ha? been a larger export trade
with Germany at late than with any other
country, bet the quantity at that Is nut large.
Et.gland has taken a :ew of late, but the
Quantity has not been '.urge. A small quan
tity has also gone to Franc*. The supply in
CsJifornia moves ..ut gradually, but at rather
lower prices. without any quotable change
being made.
"The market for most ports of dr'.ed fruits Is
rather In buyers' favor, holders trying to clean
up what they have on har.d to save cold stor
cge charges. There Is. however, almost no
trade, even though liberal inducements are
offered In many instances. Lr'ts running from
10 to 2~- boxes are about the only sales re
ported. Liitle Inquiry oevelcps beyond this
point.
The New York Comiriercisl says
Dried Fruit in Nezv York.
The -*t«c*ner Curacao, which cleared yester
day for Mexican ports, carried an assorted mer
chandlee cargo vailed at tSl.""S3. Including the
following items: 200 flasks Quicksilver. 56.SC2
lbs Bluestone. 1CSS pkps Hardware. 166 piec*»
Machinerj'. lb/Jll feet Lumber, 3S pigs Lead,
7171 gaU. Wine. US cs. Li<juorf, 4S.132 lbs
Cjanlde Potassium. IO.OcO lbs ZJnc Discs. 10d
dox Pickled SShe<-*> £kir.*<, 10 cs. Concentrators,
SO cs. Fuse, li cs. l>ried and Canned Fruit.
1353 pkgs Groceries and Provisions, 633 crates
\egftables, Ti cs Shoes, etc.
Merchandise for Mexico.
The Jame« Dnmtncnd loafls lumber at Che
rr-ainus for Sydney, 47s 6d; Sylfld. wheat at
Portland for Europe; Dovenby Hall, same voy
age. 41s Z&.
The City cf Papeete loais merchandlfe for
Tatitl: Mildrefl. merchar.diae for Santa
Rosalia: Olympic and S. C. Allen, merchandise
Jor Honolulu.
The C. F. Sargent loafis coal at Taeoma for
Honolulu.
Charters.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks- Bid.
13.S71 Atchison UM
¦43.125 Atchlson prefd 6SH
*r;.lS2 Baltimore & Ohio 76',i
400 Canadian Pacific SI
SCO Canada Southern 62Vi
6.9S1 Chesapeake & Ohio 2S 1 *
2,Uit Chicago Great Western 13
is.315 Chicago Burlington & Quincy 1234
S«0 Chicago In.l & Louisville 21
Chicago Ind A Louisville prefd 64
3'TO Chicago & Eastern Illinois 100V4
1.075 Chicago & Northwestern 15S
15.:::. Chicago Bock Island & Pacific 105?4
870 CCCi St Louis 68U
2'* Colorado Southern 5^4
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 3S' 2
210 Colorado Southern 2J pre'd 15$»
SCO Delaware & Hudson 114
2M> Delaware Lackawanna & Western. .177
TSe Denver & Rio Grande IS^i
ll<t Denver & Rio Grande prefd 68
1.0i<> Erl» 12
l.S-CO Erie 1st prefd 36\i
»20 ijieat Northern prefd 155*2
100 Hocking Coal 15
1.7«0 Hccking Valley 37'i
1.000 Illinois Central 111%
Iowa CVntral 16*^
r.00 Iowa Central prefd 4S
2 r >0 Kansas City I'sttsturg & Gulf 16»i
S:v Lake Erie & Western 29
Lake Erie & 'Western prefd 90
7,8Ci- Lake Shore 206
S.r.0 Louisville & Nashville *0--i
5,275 Manhattan L -. 91%
COO Metropolitan Street Railway 150', 2
S00 Mexican Central 12 T g
Mir.n & St Louis 64
lo.Mft Minn & St I^ouis pref<3 96
4C0 Missouri Pacific 55*^
3w Mobile & Ohio 41
LS23 Missouri Kansas & Texas.. 11
SuO Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 32"; 1
S.C'iO New Jersey Central 11SH
1C.7M New York Central 131'i
?0o Norfolk & Western 3»'-i
17,0*0 Norfolk & "Western prefd 76 i
1,44:. Northern Pacific ...• 56^i
l.ECi Northern Pacific' prefd "5 l »
Ontario & Western 21'i :
Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Raliway & Nav prefd 76 '
2S.F13". Pennsylvania |S1«4
!.<'* Reading 17» t
11.S60 Pending 1st preM £6%
1.41U Reading 2d prefd 2S»4
Rio Grand"? Western 53
Rio Grande Western prefd S7
2'X) St Louis & San Fran 30
T'« i?t Louis & San Fran 1st prefd «S
TC3 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32"4 :
Pt I^ruis A: Southwestern II
2.600 St I>iuls A: Southwestern prefd 2S
1S.75O St Paul 115%
St Paul prefd .173 i
St Paul & Omaha 113 |
31. SCfl Southern Pacific 34
2.2*0 Southern Raliway '2'i '
5.110 Southern Hallway prefd 54 s , !
3.C0 Texas & Pacific 17' » S
"0.1G0 Vr.loM Pacific 53% j
4.CS0 Union Pacific prerd 73\ j
120 Wabnrh S ]
3.070 Vabash preM 21% ]
12ri Wheeling & Lake Erie 9% 1
1.4)33 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 27% |
3U.' Wisconsin Central 1<% 1
ExprcsK Companies—
Adams* 11C j
200 American l"/>
1'nited States 47 I
139 \\>!ls Forgo 123 I
Miscellaneous —
f'Jt American Cotton Oil 2S>A
110 American Cotton Oil prefd 34. I
American Malting 3>4 l
100 American Malting prefd 21Vi ;
S.155 Arr.orlcan Smeltins & Ref 37'-i ;
9<0 American Smelting & Ref prefd SS 1 !*
American Spirits 2*i
American Spirits prefd 17 !
2.4^.0 American Steel Hoop 2t'-4. i
4Ki American Steel Hoop prefd 71'^
3<",.<ao American Steel & Wire 37'i!
2.710 American Stee! & Wire prefd 76U
C3n American Tin Plate 20
42". American Tin Plate prefd 77%.
SS.1S0 American Tobacco 53-i
American Tobacco prefd ISO
2.100 Ar.aeonda Mining Co 44j;
1.432 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7l\
2.72r, Colorado Fuel & Iron 37'. 4
S.13.". Continental Tobaccc 2S\
2K5 Contlneninl Tobacco prefd SO'-j
13.23 T><iernl Steel 37^
2.17') Federal Steel prefd 67
L450 General Klectric 136*1;
4*X> Glucose Sugar 4S
Glacm-e Sutra-- prefd loo
1,422 International Papfr I2'4
S.Vi International Paper prefd fi3*£
<C8 Larlede Gn* «7
R00 National Biscuit 30<(
100 National Biscuit prefd S3
300 National T^ead 20%
National I.«ead prefd 102'^
4. 17.1 National Fteel SS%
270 National Pteel prefd 87*4
New York Air Brake 123
3.2W North American 14'i
Pacific Coast 49
Pacific Coa*t 1st prefd 83
*UV) Pacific Coast 2d prerd 63
CM*P«rinc Mn.ll 31U
12,703 People's Gas 101'4
200 Prrf^ed Steel Car 48V±
PrfSFed Steel Car prefd 78
Pullman Palace Car 180
Standard Rope & Twine B*i
M.9&5, Sugar ins%
JfO Sugar prefd Ill
fi.073 Tennoj-see Coal & Iron 77^
f.dt.% I'nltcd States leather II
2.1TO 1'nlted States Leather prefd dS'i
1.<SO TnlteiJ States Rubber 27*i
145 Tnlted States Rubber prefd K\i
GOO Western Union Rl
Third Avenue 107
J.JfiO Republic Iron & Steel 15
1.000 Republic Iron & Steel prefd ">6«4
P C C & St Ix)uls 53',4
C23.S00 Shares eold.
CIXJSING BONDS.
V S 2a refndg 1«3 IN V Cent Ists ......111
do 2s rrg 99«4'N J Cent gen 5a ..122
rto 3s rfg lrt9V 4 ' No Carolina 6s 127
do 3i> coup 109Vi' do 4s 106
do new 4s reg... 134'i : No Pacific 3s 67'4
do new ts coup.-.l.'M 1 *' do 4s. ...'». 103%
do old if reg 114'i N Y C ft St L 4s. .106%
do old 4s coup...H4»4 Nor & W con 4s.. 95V»
rto .*>s r<-«t 112*4 do cen 6s 131
do 0s coup H2Vi Or Nav lets 109
r>!»t of Col 3.O...121 ; do 4s 103*i
Atchlson gen 4S...100 1 ,; Oregon S L Cs 12SVi
do adj 4s 83'.^ do con 5s 113Vi
Can Southern 2d».. 107 .Read gen 4s 88
Ches & Ohio 4>is.. 9SH R O West Ists 59',;
do 5s 1*7 5?t L & I M con Es.110
C & NW con 7s....l4) 1 4 St L & S F gen 6s.l244
do S F dfb 5S....113H St Paul con 172Vi
Chicago Term 4s... 5*6',» St P C & P Ists. ...120
I> & R G Ists 101 j do 5s 122
do 4a 99 Southern Ry 5s....ll2H
E T Va & Oa lsts..l02»i Standard R & T 6s. 70'
Krie gen 4» 72 ,Tenn new set 3s... 95%
Ft W (: I> C Ists.. 70 T & P Ists H4'»
Gen Klec 5s 120 do 2ds.... ......... 57J4
G H & S A 6s 110H' Union Pacific 4s. ..105
do 2ds Ki7>%: Wabash Ists 115*:
II & T C r.s lllVi' do 2d-t 1C3
rto con 6« 110 jWeet Shore 4s 113
Iowa Cent Ists 114 .WIs Cent Ists 901i
K C P & G l»ts 71 Va Centuries 92
La new con 4s lOSVi'Va deferred 5
L & N unified 4s. ..100 iColo At So 4s....*... P3"i
M K & T 2Js C9 So Pacific 4s 83
do 4s 93Vi'
MINING STOCKS.
Crown Point f»<IOphlr a
Con Cal & \'a 1 40|Plymouth u
Deadivood '.. 5." Quicksilver 1 M
Oould & Curr> - 15 Do prefd..'.: 7 51
Hale A- Norcross... 2* Sierra Nevada 2S
Homoftake 50 0T I Standard 3 *>S
Iron Silver Ci.rnlon Con.. n
Mexican 2t|Yellow Jacket 15
Ontario 7 7.">l
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.'
Money— Rubber 27U
Call loans 3151 Union Pacific. £3Vi
Time loans. Zft&ift Union Land 2
of the companies. Steel and Wire and Federal
Steel were rather notable exceptions to the
general weakness on account of the extensive
liquidation already effected In them.
Bonds were active ar.d weak in sympathy
with stocks. Total Kales, par value. $2,160,000.
L'nlted States new 4s declined >» and 3s
(coupon) advanced ',» in the bid price.
Bid-. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 0; Justice 01 03
Alta 02 (QlKentuck ©2
Andes CS 07iLady Wash 05
Belcher 11 12|Mexican 24 23
Best & Belcher 2i» 30 Occidental 13 n
Bullion C2 03 Ophlr 61 53
Caledonia 1 10 1 20!Overman u 20
Chollar 20 2llPotosl ig yy
Challenge Con. 14 15 Savage 13 14
Confidence 77 79 1 Scorpion — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 55 Seg Belcher ... 02 04
Con Imperial... — OllSlerra Nevada. 31 32
Con New York — 04 Silver Hill .... 14 15
Kuerka Con — 60 St Louis i»
Crown Point... 10 HiStandard —4 50
Exchequer 01 C3 Syndicate 0^
Gould & Curry 15 17 Union Con 20 '21
Hale & Norc... 29 3ia*tah eg 09
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 18 17
TUESDAY. May 8—4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
Morning Session.
300 Alta 031 200 Gould & Curry 17
300 Best & Belcher 3l| 500 Justice 02
200 Best & Belcher 30! 200 Occidental 13
300 Caledonia 1 20; 200 Occidental 15
200 Challenge Con. 151 200 Potosl 20
150 Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 400 Savage It
300 Crown Point... 10: 200 Yellow Jacket.. IS
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 03' 100 Ophlr 60
200 Best & Belcher 30 200 Overman l»
400 Chollar 20 300 Potosl n
250 Gould & Curry 16 300 Savage U
3C0 Mexican 24 200 Sierra Nevada. 33
300 Occidental 13 200 Sierra Nevada, 32
100 Ophlr 51
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Mornir*r Session.
Board —
100 Home Oil 4 45
Afternoon Session.
100 Home Oil 4 60
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In th» San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 1QI 500 Mexican 24
300 Best & Belcher 30 600 Occidental 13
E0 Caledonia 125' 100 Ophlr 62
10<> Chollar 20 2C0 Savage 14
1C0 Con Cal & Va..l SO 2<¥) Union Con 20
100 Confidence !0 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
Afternoon Session.
3P0 Andes 07 200 Hale & Norc... 80
200 Best & Belcher 2« ICO Ophlr 61
200 Bullion 02 1W Ch-erman 19
f.00 Challenge 15 100 Potosl 20
S0O Gould & Curry 16| 100 Sierra Nevada. 83
Morning Session.
Board —
200 Equitable Gas 2 75
10 Giant Powder Con 91 12H
40 Giant Powder Con 9100
1C5 Honokaa 82 50
100 Hutchlnson S P Co. cash 25 62«4
230 Hutchlnson S P Co : 23 «2'-4
150 Makawell ; « 37Vi
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 23
J10O0 S F & S J V Bonds US 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
TO Contra Costa Water 68 73
20 Equitable Gas 2 75
60 Giant Powder Con 91 SO
10 Giant Powder 91 2S
60 Honokaa S Co 25 62H
60 Hutchinson S P Co. 25 62»i
175 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 50
60 Hutchlnson S P Co. b 10.... 25 50
$2000 Market-Bt. R R C 5 per cent Bonds.117 50
J10C0 Northern Ry of Cal 5 p c Bonds. .116 23
$1000 S P of A Bonds 114 50
000 Vigorlt 3 25
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE. «
-tues;
Bld.Ask.
TJ S Bonds—
4s quar coup... 115 118
43 do reg 115 116
4s do cp new... 134 135
Es do coup 103HHOH
Miscellaneous—
Cal-«t Cab 5s. .US 120
CC Water «s.. 107*4 —
Ed L & P 6s..l2Sfc —
F & Cl Ry 6s.. 115 —
Geary-st U 8b. — 82^
H C & S BV4s.. — —
Do fs 105 106
L A Ry 8s 104>4 —
Do gntd 6s... — —
L A L Co 6s... — ' —
Do gntd 5s... 99^101
L A & P R 53.102V, —
Market-st 6s... 128% —
Do let m b?.. 117'. —
N C N G R 7s. — 114
N R of Cal 6s. 114% —
N P of Cal ts.licy* —
N P C R R 63.101-^ —
Do 5s 107»il0S%
N Cal R R 5S.115 —
Oak G LA-H5s.H0 —
Oak Trans 6s.. 113 —
Oak W Co 6s.. - 10C&
Oceanic S Co..lOti"» —
Om C Ry 6s. ..127^4 —
P & Cl Ry 6S.104V-, —
P & O R It 6s. 115 —
Powell-st R 6s.ll7 —
Sac L & G R5s — —
S K & SJV Ss.llSUlWi
S Ry of Cal 6-s.lllU —
s p of a es....iuum
Do (190.") 109 110
Do (1906) llHill3
Do <1912) 119Vil20
Do lf-t cs 6s.. — —
S P Br 6s 12S% —
S V Water 6s. .115 —
Do 4s 102?il03t4
S V W (3d m).102 —
Stocktn Gas Gs S'J —
Water Stocks —
Contra Costa.. 66*4 67Vi
Marln County. 60 —
Spring Valley. — 95H
Gas & Electric—
Cent G L Co.. — —
Cent L & P.... 1% '3
DAY, May 8— 2 p. m.
Bld.Ask.
Eqult C L Co. — 3
Mutual El Co. — 11'
o G L & H... — 47V4
Pac Gas Imp.. — 47*
Pac L, Co — 45
iS F G Si E.... 47 47^
San Francisco. i\i i%
StknG&EColO —
> Ingurance —
Firem's Fund. 237 —
Bank Stocks —
Anglo Ca.1 Ltd. 65 tt\i
Bank of Cal...4O5 —
Cal S D & T..104 —
First National. — 230
Lon P & A. ...132^ —
Merchants' Ex 15 —
Is'ev Nat Bank — • —
Savings Banks —
Ger S & la 1S90 —
Hum S & L.... — —
Mut Sav Bk.. 43% —
S F Eav U... 505 —
Sav & L Soc. 74 73
Sec Sav Bk... — —
Union T Co... — —
Street Railroads —
California 121% —
Geary-et 60 —
Market-st Ry.. 62U 63
O S L & H.... — 50
Presidio 16 —
Powder Stocks —
California 160 170
Giant Con Co.. 91H 91H
Vigorlt Z)i Zhi
6ugar Stocks—
Hana S P Co.. Stf SX
Haw C & S Co 87 90
Honokaa S Co. 3274 22H
Hutch S P Co. 25W —
Kllauea S Co.. 2OT» 21H
Makawell S Co 4S*i 4SS
Onomea S Co.. 25 2S*i
Paauhau S Co. 31^4 —
Miscellaneous —
Al Pack Asn..H7?in?V4
Cal Fruit Asn.105 10«
Mer Ex Assn.. — 10O
Oceanic S Co.. 92% 94
Pac A F A.... 2 —
Pac C Bor CO..150 —
Par Paint Co.. 10 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCH.VSOE,
* -*
Securities were dull on the morning session.
with a decline in Giant Powder to J3L
Business was rather better In the afternoon,
but quotations were unchanged.
TO ARRIVE.
United States Coast Survey . charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low water*.
Silver a:ni financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat and Wheat freights quiet.
Barley, Oats and Corn inactive.
Hay continues to show more strength. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans dull at the rrjiscd prices. Nothing doing in Seeds.
Potatoes and Onions zueak.
Eggs and dairy Butter easing off. Cheese steady.
Poultry mles iveak under free receipts.
Cherries weakening under larger arrivals.
No movement in Dried Fruits.
Provisions weak and extremely dull.
Wool lower and neglected. Hops motionless.
Hides and Tallotv as previously quoted.
Hogs continue weak. Other meats unchanged.
No variation in Oils.
Canadian Pacific, 56»i: Union Pacific pre
ferred. 76U-. Northern Pacific preferred. 77U:
Grand Trunk. 7!i: Anaconda, 9«4. Bar silver,
steady. r7%d per ounce. Money. 3V4 per cent.
CLOSING
NEW YORK. May 8.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was universal weakness in the markets
to-day on forced liquidation, chiefly in West
Australians. Trouble was reported in the
Glasgow market and funds were weak on ex
pectation of an early loan by the London
County Council on favorable terms. Americans
were a big feature throughout. They opened
nervous under parity and New York prices
dropped until the afternoon, when they became
very soft here on New York offerings. The
fall was accelerated in the I street. Talk of
American gold shipments to begin this week
was persistent. Tintos and Anacondas were
flat, fearing that metal troubles in America
will spread to copper. Money was in moderate
demand. Bills were steady. The Bank of
England did a trifling business in discounts
and the market Indebtedness has not been com
pletely repaid. Indian buying of silver offsets
flight American spiling.
London Market.
¦WASHINGTON, May 8.— To-dar'B statement
of the treasury balances In the general ' fund,
exclusive of the J150.000.000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. J144.734.122; gold. J77.267.786.
Condition of the Treasury.
A r ctxj York Money Market.
NEW YORK. May 8.— Money on call «teady
at 2@2*£ per cent; last loan, 2*4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 2W*3thi per cent.
Sterling exchange steadier, with actual busi
ness In bankers' bills at J4 8SW for demand
and at $4 84% for sixty days: posted rates,
$4 85H and $4 89^4 S9V4; commercial bills, $4 S3ig>
4 83Vi. Silver certificates, 60©60>4c. Bar silver,
G8T*e. Mexican dollars, 47\4c. Bonds — Govern
ment, irregular; State, weak; railroad. In
active.
Stocks— IWest End 82
Atch Top & S F.. 24%! Bonds-
Do prefd 67^iAtehJson 4s 99tf
Amer Sugar IGS*;, Mining Shares-
Do prefd in (Adventure 4?i
Bell Telephone 314 Allouez Mng Co.. 1H
Boston & Albany. .242'AlAmal Copper 87
Boston L 143^!Atlantlc 22
Boston & Maine... 193 , Boston & Mont.... 294
Chi Bur & Q 1:314 Butte & Boston... 66
Dominion Coal ... 43 iCalunvn & Hecla..75T»
l>o prefd 117 Centennial 1GU
Federal Steel 37%'Franklln 13
Do prefd «7U Humboldt 75
Fitchburg prefd ..152 Osceola 64%
General Elcc 137 iParrot 39
Do prefd 13S iQuir.cy 135
Ed Elec 111 2&i Santa Fe Copper.. 5
Mexican Central... 123iiTaman»ck 174
N E Gas & Coke.. 17VUtah Mining 27
OM Colony 2f>s |\VInona 3
Old Dominion 17 'Wolverines 3S
CORN — Spot American -mixed, new, steady
4s l%d. Futures, quiet; May, 4s $»d; July, 48
September, 3s ll%d.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California. 6s
SiidUjCs 4d: No. 1 Northern spring, 5s lid.
Futures, steady; July, &s 8%d; September, is
S'id.
LIVERPOOL. May S.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 3dfjCs 3'id; wheat 5n
Paris, quiet: flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 7-16d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. May 8.— Consols. 100 6-16S'100H;
silver, 27%d; French rentes, lOlf 7<ic. Wheat
cargoes on passage, very Inactive; cargoes No.
1 standard California, 30s 3d; English country
markets, quiet.
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, May S.— Wheat— Quiet and quota
tions show no change. Bluestem, 65c;
club, 52c.
WASHINGTON
OREGON
PORTLAND, May 8.— The wheat market con
tinues tarr.e and uninteresting, but there is a
limited amount of sellln? all the time.. Walla
Walla Is generally qucted at 53c. but sales
have been made at 54c for choice lots nnd the
latter figure can undoubtedly be secured for
any good stock. Valley is In moderate demand
at 53c, with not much offering.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, May 8.— Clearings, $360.099 ; bal
ances, $43,525.
Portland's Business.
LONDON, May 8.— The third series of the
¦wool auction sales of 1900 opened Monday.
There was 'a large attendance. Business com
petition was only fair as the offerings were
small and of poor quality. The offerings num
berod 6358 bales, most of which were taken
by the home trade. Superior merinos were 10
per cent lower and Inferior merinos showed
losses of from 10 to 15 per cent. Fine cross
breds were off 10 per cent. Cape of Good Hops
and Natal snow white 7V4, and greasy 5 to 10
per cent. Numerous foreign buyers were pres
ent, but they were merely on-lookers.
London Wool Sales.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000; sheep and Iambs,
strong to 10c higher; good to choice wethers,
$5 3Sg?5 70; fair to choice mixed, SSlg'S 35: West
ern sheep, $5 45©5 70: yearlings. $5 SO@5 90: na
tive lambs, $5 50@7 35; Western lambs, 5435 35.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, IS, 000; to-morrow,
25,000; estimated left over, 2000; mostly 10c
lower; top, $5 S2H; mixed and butchers, $5©
6 80; good to choice heavy, $5 20@5 32V4: rough
heavy, $5 06(S'5 15; light, H 90@5 20; bulk of
sales, J5 10@5 25.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, May 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2500;
steady for steers; no choice to fancy cattle
here; butchers' stock active and strong. Na
tives—Best on sale to-day, two carloads at
$5 35; good to prime steers. $4 90®5 60; poor to
medium, $4 16@4 75; selected feeders, choice
steady: others steady, $4 15@4 70; mixed stock
ers. .$3 85^4; cows and heifers, $3 25@5; can
nero. J2 2503; bulls, J2 S0@4 35; calves, active,
25c higher than a week ago, S4f7. Texas fed
steers, $4^5 20; Texas bulls, $3 25@J 75.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land, Or., and Tacoma and Seattle, Wash., In
creased 12,000 bushels last week.
Broomhall cables that the monthly revision
of continental stocks show* supplies to have
been smaller than estimated.
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky- Mountains, decrease, 3.490,000
bushels; afloat for and in Europe, decrease,
3.300.0OO bushels; total decrease, 6,796,000
bushe!».
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 4,091,000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease, 1.496.000 bushels.
NEW YORK. May S.— Special and telegraphic
dispatches to Bradotreets indicate the follow
ing changes in available supplies of grain last
week:
* — — -*.
rv LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦ July. Sept.
Opening 6 8*4, 5 SV4
Closing 5 8>i 5 s£
_ PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 13 SO 2160
Closing 19 70 2155
Flour-
Opening 2595 Jg 20
Closing 25 90 28 10
Available Grain Supply.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
THE STOCK MARKET.
WASHINGTON,
Flour, qr sks 2.544)
FOR TUESDAY. MAY 8.
Flour, qr sks 4. 219. Hay, tons 253
Wheat, ctls 6.760 f-Jt raw. tons lf>
Barley, ctls 7,170 Hops, bales 133
Corn, East, ctls.. 600|Wool. bales 575
Corn, ttls 2tO;Pelts, bndls 31S
Rye. ctls 290iHlde**. No «1
Cheese, ctls 73 Quicksilver. • flsks 2t
Butter, ctls 770!Sugar, bbla 117
Potatoes, sks ... 3.1S91Eggs. doz 31.920
Bran, sks 21.". 'Leather, rolls ... 2*2
Middlings, sks... 3.320 Wine, gals 5S.40O
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 2.969 Hops, bales 103
Receipts of Produce.
LAMB— Spring. S®9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%<QSc for small and me
dium and 5iiS5<*c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6U®5».ic: dressed Hogs. 7<SSV4c
Hogs were week at the decline already noted,
and receipts are ample for all current needs.
Other meats are as before quoted.
BEEF— 6«6S4c per Ib for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6-6<g9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®7Hc; ewes, 6©7c per
pound.
San Francisco Meat Market
ordinary sizes. $16®17; extra sizes. higher
Redwood, $17@18 for No. 1 and J15®16 for No. 2
Lath, 4 feet. $3 50@4; Pickets, $1S; Shingles
Jl 75 for common and $2 75 for fancy; Shakes.
Jll for split and J12 for sawn; Rustic. J21©27.
Costa Rica— H@15'ic for prime washed;
12@12V4c for good washed; 13@14Hc for
good to prime washed peaberry HViftrl^lic for
good- to prime i>eaberry; ll&13^ic lor good to
prime; 94flO"£c for good current mixed with
black beans: 9@10%c lor fair; e^jfS'ic nominal
lor common to ordinary.
Salvador — 10->i$fl3c for good to prime washed*
9VifelOHc for tajr washed; 12@13%c for soort to
prime washed peaberry; 9V4©10Hc for gooo. to
prime semi- washed; y&@10>4c for superior un
washed; — ®ai4c for good green unwashed*
1OW011C for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 6§7%c nominal for common to ordlnary
Nlcaragua— 13@16c tor prime to fancy washed*
9V4@12!sc for tair to strictly good washed: 8^
@»Uc nominal for good to superior unwashed*
lOPlO'/ic nominal for good to prime unwasned
peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13>/4@17Wc for prime
to fancy washed: Il?i<&l3c. for strictly good
washed; lOVi^ ll'/ic ' for good washed; 9<raio«-.:e
for fair washed; 7%'«S ! !ic for medium- 1711'lc
for Inferior to ordinary; 12H@14Hc for pood to
prime washed peaberry; lixollc nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: itl'Mc nomi
nal for good to superior unwashed
LEATHER-Sole, heavy, 2S#S0c per Ib- Sole
Leather, medium, 26©27c; Sole Leather 'llcht
JG©27c; Ro»%h Leather, heavy, 27®2Sc*'Roush
Leather, light. 25i&26c; Harness Leather heavv
32S33c; Harness Leather, medium, 30®3V- H.r
ness Leather, light, 29«J30c; Collar Leather 15©
16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40©;0c per lb* Veal
nnlshed. 5Mj55c; Calf, finished. 75c«'$l "£¦' «',!«
finished. 16iil7c per foot; Belt Knife Splits Ufa
16c; Rough Splits, S@10c per lb. ff
OILS— California Castor Oil, in cases No 1
75c; pure. Jl 10; Linseed Oil. in barrels.' boiled
75c; raw. ,3c; cases. 6c more; Lard Oil Htri
winter strained, barrels. 59c; No. 1 43c-' caVe«
5c more; China Nut, 61«r65c per gallon- pure
Neatsfoot Oil, barrels, 60c; cases 65c* Snerm
pure, 60c; Whale Oil. natural white 32%c? £?'
clflc Rubber Mixed Paints, white aid how
, PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC —Water
'white Coal Oil, in bulk. lSUc; Pearl on"
in cases. 19^c; Astral, 19'ic; Star l9Ue* P-rtr»
Star Oil. 23>*c; Elaine.' 244c: Eocene^ 21>k*&
odorized Gasoline, in bulk, 16c; do cases'^"
Benzine. In bulk. 15>Ac: do. cases 2iu<^- *«"
degree. Gasoline, in bulk. 21c; cases. 27c per
WHITE LEAD— Qucted at 7S7\c; Red Lead
and Litharge, 7«4@7»ic per lb. ad
-TURPENTINE— In cases. 73c; in iron barrel.
67c; In wooden barrels. 70c. . : *T *•
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels. 70e; raw barrel.
6Sc: cases. 5c more. "'"•
QUICKSILVER-J51 50 per flask for local use
and $46 50^47 50 for export. .T; 1 ' use
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per.lb, in 100 lb bags: Cubes a
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.60c: Powdered
5.60c: Candy Granulated, 5.20c; Dry Granulated'
5.10c,: Confectioners' A, 5.10c: Magnolia A*
; 4.70c: Extra C, 4.60c; Golden C, 4.50c; barrels'
10c more; 'half-liarrels, v 25c - more; boxes. 50c
more: 50-lb ' bags. IDe more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom-
Inos, half-barrels. 5.S5c; boxes. 6.10c per lb.
LUMBER— Retail prices are as follows: Pine
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6V»c; V/ool Bags, 2S l ,i®32V4c;
Fleece Twine, 7Vjc.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton, JS; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
JC50; Bryant, J6 50; Coos Bay, *5; Wallsend, IS;
Co-operative Wallsend, $S: Cumberland, $12 in
bulk and 113 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Caatle Gate
and Rock Springs, JS 45 per 2000 lbs.
. COFFEE— The market Is quiet at the revised
prices.
General Merchandise.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, ]0@U>Uc; medium, yjiSVic: light. 9®9i4c;
Cowhides. 9S9Vic: Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 10c;
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound, ISc: culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16<317c; Dry
Calf, 19®20c; ' Sheepskins, shearlings, lo^Oc
each; short Wool, SiQCOc each; medium, 7OiQ30c;
long Wool, $1©1 50 each: Horse Hide*. ?2Jj2 50
for large and II 25igl 75 for small; Colts, 255*
50c. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 40c; fall
or medium skins, 35c; winter or 'thin skins, 23c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 2Gc.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5(g5V4c per lb;
No. 2. 4®4Hc; refined, 6c; grease. 2H@3c.
WOOL — Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, loU&rrc; Northern defective, 13
©15c; Middle County, free, 15(j?'7c: Middle
County, defective, I3'fjl5c: Southern Mountain,
12 months', 12013c: do, free, 7 months', ll@13c;
do, defective, 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendoclno, 20®23c; Nevada, 16@lbc per lb.
HOPS^6<39c per lb.
Hops are motionless at nominal quotations.
There Is no further change in Hides and Tal
low, both being quiet.
Some descriptions of Woo! are lower, the re
cent sales at Red Bluff showing a decline of
lVi1|2c. There is no demand.
Hides, T allow, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 74jSc per lb for com
pound and S'^®9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9'.;e; 10-Ib tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins,' lOHc.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, SHS^c per lb; half
barrels, S*;@8*ic: 10-lb tins, SMc.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14^c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, llM^tlic ; Mess Beef, J12 per
bbl: extra Mcsj, »13; Family, $14 ; extra Prime
Pork. $14 DOS 15; extra clear. $19; Mess. $16 DO;
Smoked Beef, 12%iS:13c per lb.
There Is no decline in cured meats as yet. but
the feeling is weak in sympathy with the
Western markets, and trade Is very quiet.
Provisions.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb,
HONEY— Comb. UVi@12c for bright and 10*4®
lie for light amber; water white extracted,
7^ic; light amber extracted, 7V*4»7Vbc; dark,
5V2<9«c per lb.
NUTS — Walnuts, S@9c for Standards and
?iili'c for softahells; Almonds, llV*i$12c for
paper shell, 9igl0c for soft and 4@sc for hard
fhell. Peanuts, 5?i@6%c for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts 7 J ,4gsc. Filberts, 12&
12'ic. Pecans, ll©13c. Cocoanuts, J4 E0«25.
Dullness still prevails and quotations are
nominal.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In- sacks, 3%o for
40-50's. 3V4c for 50-60' s, 3Uc for 60-70' s. 3@3Vi for
70-S0>. 2V33c for S0-90's and 2'/4c for 90-100'e;
Apricots, 9iJj?10c for Royals and 10"311c for
Moorparks; Peaches, 4%@4%c for Standards, 5c
for choice and 6V4®t>c for fancy; Peeled Peaches,
10<512'4c; Evaporated Apples, 5^Q6c; Sun-dried,
3<&4c per lb; Pears. 2W»*¥-c for dark and 7(g8c
for bright halves; Black Figs. l%gic; White
Figp. 2<s3c; Bleached Plums, 7Vic: unbleached
Plums, tc for pitted and l!fcc for unpltted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9e; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, h'nc; choice, 7V4c; standard. OVje;
prime, £>c; unbleached Sultanas. &c; Seedless,
ho-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5*ic;
3-crown. 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-cro\vn. Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, Jl 60. Fancy
Clusters. J2; Dehesa. J2 50; Imperial, J3. All
prices ore f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
Dried Fruits, A T uts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Blackberries from Newcastle sold at Jl 75 per
crate.
Receipts of cherries suddenly Jumped up to
over 3000 boxes and the market was weak in
ing around in the afternoon.
Oranges, Lemons and Limes are unchanged.
Stocks are not heavy.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APPLES-75c(g« per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $405 per chest for large
and was for small berries. Receipts were 469
chests.
GOOSEBERRIES — 35@50c per drawer for
common and Sc per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES— From Newcastle, $1 60 per
crate; from Bouldin Island, $1 per drawer.
CHERRIES— 25@75c per box for red and white
and 60cQH for black, a few fancy bringing
$1 25. Recelots were 3084 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 60®3 per
box: Seedlings, $1@1 75; Lemons, J1Q1 50 for
common and $2Q2 oO for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. H'iSi 50; Bananas. $1 2&@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Creamery Butter holds lte own, but dairy
descriptions are weak at a fractional decline.
Cheese is not firm at the advanced prices.
Eggs continue eo* y with gome dealers shading
the quotations to keep their stocks down.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creamery. 17%c; seconds,
16%<5l7c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16#16V4c; good to choice. 140
15%c; common. 13Vfcc.
CHEESE— New, 7H@8^c; Young* America, 9®
914c; Eastern, 16@17c; Western. 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14H®15c for store and 16
*517c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15@15^c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game.
The market Is weak under free arrivals.
Geese, Ducks and small Broilers being par
ticularly weak. Large fat stock sells well.
POULTRY — -Live Turkeys, 10©llc for Gob
blers and 12{il3c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
}1 oOijrl 75; Goslings, $1 75@2; Ducks. >4 50<n5 50
for old and $5 50^6 50 for young; Hens, J*@5;
Young Roosters. $6®7; Old Roosters. $1 25Q4 60:
Fryers. J5@5 CO; Broilers, J3 50(fi4 50 for large
and fldSZ for small; Pigeons. $1 7J&2 per dozen
for old and Jl 7o(8'2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Rhubarb, 625 sacks Peas, 621 sacks and 890
boxes new Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks, 4<3©65c per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 50@90c; New Potatoes, $1®1 50
in sacks and $1 30©l 60 in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 75c© Jl per ctl: Aus
tralian. J5 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60683c per box:
Asparagus, 50cg$l 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 &C#1 75 for No. 1 and J2@2 25 for fancy large:
Green Peas, 75c@il per sack for common and
SI 25® 1 50 for Garden; String Beans, 2@5c;
Wax Beans, 5@6c: Horse Beans, 40@50c per
sack; Cabbage. <0@50c; Tomatoes, JNgl 50; Kg*
Plant from Los Angeles. 10c; Dried Okra. 32'^c
per lb: Oarl''\ SfT/IOc: Open Pe*-^""* f-«->m
Los Angeles, 6@Sc; Dried Peppers, 8@10c: Car
rots. 'liQthc per sack; Los summer
Squash, Jl 25 per box; Cucumbers. 40@75c per
dozen. ¦ ¦ •-
dairy, 13H@16%c; cheese, slow, 9®lU4c; eggs,
steady, fresh, 10%c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
TO 8AXU
Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. May f.— The prolonged Iistle«s-
Tip:« en the Stock Exchange gave way to an
outburst of active liquidation to-day and prices j
eufTered •everelr as a result. In the railroad j
lire losses between one end two points are
the rule and In many active storks they ex
ceed that. hJto-.ks in whirh bull manipulation
war peiuisted in in fa--* of a gathering evi
dence of depression naturally suffered the
most. Baltimore and Ohio stocks were fore
:uoft in that <-laes. the common losing over 6
points and closing at the lowest, while the
preferred Is 3*W lower than yesterday's close.
Missouri Pacific wes another example in the
fame clats and declined Ij» en very heavy
OrOSac* in *j'ite oT «=pot buying on a soale
down. The sharp break in prices came gen
ira!!*.- cm a surprise -».nd the room-traders, con
tXMttns the wide movement of prices for the
email eOact j--r-x"u<.ed by their best efforts fur
a week past, were inclined to Jock for an ex
planation to the arrival within reach of tele
graph facilities of the most successful bear
leader of the past >ear who landed yesterday
In England after a week at sea. But there
was nothing in the trading that would make
& bear raid *ufliclT.tly account fcr the action j
In the market. Liquidation of long stocks vas
clearly in evidence. The large offerings in on*
or two ft<>cks in the railroad group, which
were a. feature In and which were believed to !
be the letting go of speculative accounts by !
large Jnterefts. wore evidently the forerunners I
of to-duy'e liquidation. Th* weekly fctatiptir-a
of railroad tralSc tnadf up at Chicago and lHjS . j
sibly held after yesterday* market W3S i-iosej. j
were the eufliclent explanation of Um selling', j
They demu.iBtrtite ooneiutsively that the reac- j
tionary tendency >>f but-incut* hax begun to have '
a nurked effect on railroad iraXie as It has ;
been feared it would be. It is apparent that
many offers of railroad stocks have teen hold
ing In the hop* that the volume of railroad j
traffic would not be materially af.'ecteci. But I
M-lth large ¦incline* both in the receipt ¦ and
shipments in Chicago and of the freight ofll
cials «)f K.-istern lines ••ompiaining about the
light traffic lar-re holders of stocks threatened
the market to-day and found few bM.lerss to
take them. The bear traders, when they Faw
how thing* were going. Joined in th<* selling
end their buying at declines to rover their
•shift contracts gave the only occasional check*
to the downward course of prices. The neces- j
e'ty. vhlt h is now clear, of a reduction of !
price* throughout the business world In order j
to induce rufficlent consumptive demand to j
absorb the largely Increasing production gave
occaticn for depressing opinions for the out
look. Fear* are felt that a readjuhtment of
wage* and a course *>f labor troubles may be
the result. Not much attention was i>ald to
the question of further gold extwirts as the
money market ffcows no effect of apprehension
on that score nor on that of the cessation of
the outgo to the mar!:et from the sab-treasury.
The continuing ea*e of money in face of these
factors is regarded as corroborating the fears
of business reaction. The comprehensive cut
lay for Improvements by some of the railroad
companies and for extension of control are
also beginning to be looked "upon with appre
fcecsirn and to affect unfavorably the stocks
Continued on Page Eleven.
ahthji-.es. |upen.|iiign.| i»w. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 66 , 66H 65«i 65%
July 67U 67>4 66j« 61%
Corn No. 2— I
May 3SV4 3S% 37"s 33Vfc
July 3»% 3y>i Zi% 33H
September 39T4 3?i» 39 39U
Oats No. 2— I
May 22H 22% 22% 22^
June 22% 22% 224» 22%
July 23 23H 22^ . 22T*
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 11 42'^ 11 45 11 42'4 11 45
July 1150 11 Co 1150 11 57H
Lard. 100 lbs—
May 6 70 6 72^ 6 63 6 70
July 6 70 6 77*4 6 70 6 75
September 6 7t) 6 77V4 6 70 6 7"»4
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May. 6 45 6 45 6 45 6 45
July 6 45 6 65 6 42% 6 S214
September 6 45 6 55 6 42<4 6 E2Vi
lun rises...
Sun sets
VIoon sets..
O Time
t>
• L. W
9 ... *:1D
10 ... 2:55
11 ... 3:23
12 ... 3:33
13 ... 4:35
I* ... 5:12'
15... 6:50^
I Time
Ft.
H W
1.9 8:17
1.4 9:15
0.9 13:05
0.6 10:53
O.O 11:39
-4.3 12:23'
— 0.61 1:11!
Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W II W
3.9 1:33 1.9 8:24 5.3
4.0 2:15 2.2 8:55 5.1
4.0 2:51 2.5 9:24 5.4
4.2 3:2S 2.7 9:51 5.8
4.4 4:06 2.S 10:19| 5.8
4.5 4:43 3.0 40:5O| 5.7
4.6 5:2S : 3.1 11:561 5.7
5:03
7:07
2:03*. m.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Santa. RosalSan Diego..... Mar t. 11 am Pier H
Acapulco ..|Panama May », 1J m PMSS
Aloha [Cape .Nome May 19. S pm Pier 2
Empire .... Coos Bay May 10, 13 m Pier 13
Coptic ChlnadfcJapan May H. lpm PMSS
Coos Bay... »wport May 11. 9 am Pier U
Umatllla ... Vic A Piet Sd. May 11. 11 am Pier U
Ar?ata Coos Bay May 11. 12 m Pier U
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. May II. 11 am Pier •
Octavla .... Kurope May 12, .....
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 12.
CoqulUe Rt Orajrs Harbor May 12. 1 pm !........
State of Cal Portland May 13. 11 am Pier 21
North Fork HumboMt..... May 13. 9 am Pier t
Corona San Dieso..-. May 13. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt May 13. J pm Pier »
C Nelson.. Seattle May 13. 19 am Pier 1
D«I N'orte.. Oregon Porta. May 14.
Senator .... Cape Nom«.... May 1«
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May 14, 2 pm Pier >
Bonlta Newport May 15. 9 am Pier 11
Ohio Cape Nome.... May 13, .....'.
Samoa Humboldt May 15. lOamlPlerU
Luella Cape Nome.... May 15.
Sequoia ....|Cape Xotn» May 15,
Rainier Cape Nome.... May IS. J pm Pier 14
Alameda ... Australia. May 16. 8 pm Pier 7
Queen Vic & Pirt Sd. May 18. 11 am Pier 11
ahthji-.es. |upen.|iiign.| i»w. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 66 , 66H 65«i 65%
July 67U 67>4 66j« 61%
Corn No. 2— I
May 3SV4 3S% 37"s 33Vfc
July 3»% 3y>i Zi% 33H
September 39T4 3?i» 39 39U
Oats No. 2— I
May 22H 22% 22% 22^
June 22% 22% 224» 22%
July 23 23H 22^ . 22T*
Mess Pork, bbl—
May 11 42'^ 11 45 11 42'4 11 45
July 1150 11 Co 1150 11 57H
Lard. 100 lbs—
May 6 70 6 72^ 6 63 6 70
July 6 70 6 77*4 6 70 6 75
September 6 7t) 6 77V4 6 70 6 7"»4
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May. 6 45 6 45 6 45 6 45
July 6 45 6 65 6 42% 6 S214
September 6 45 6 55 6 42<4 6 E2Vi
lun rises...
Sun sets
VIoon sets..
O Time
t>
• L. W
9 ... *:1D
10 ... 2:55
11 ... 3:23
12 ... 3:33
13 ... 4:35
I* ... 5:12'
15... 6:50^
I Time
Ft.
H W
1.9 8:17
1.4 9:15
0.9 13:05
0.6 10:53
O.O 11:39
-4.3 12:23'
— 0.61 1:11!
Time Time
Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W II W
3.9 1:33 1.9 8:24 5.3
4.0 2:15 2.2 8:55 5.1
4.0 2:51 2.5 9:24 5.4
4.2 3:2S 2.7 9:51 5.8
4.4 4:06 2.S 10:19| 5.8
4.5 4:43 3.0 40:5O| 5.7
4.6 5:2S : 3.1 11:561 5.7
5:03
7:07
2:03*. m.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Santa. RosalSan Diego..... Mar t. 11 am Pier H
Acapulco ..|Panama May », 1J m PMSS
Aloha [Cape .Nome May 19. S pm Pier 2
Empire .... Coos Bay May 10, 13 m Pier 13
Coptic ChlnadfcJapan May H. lpm PMSS
Coos Bay... »wport May 11. 9 am Pier U
Umatllla ... Vic A Piet Sd. May 11. 11 am Pier U
Ar?ata Coos Bay May 11. 12 m Pier U
Umatllla ... Vie & Pgt Sd. May II. 11 am Pier •
Octavla .... Kurope May 12, .....
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 12.
CoqulUe Rt Orajrs Harbor May 12. 1 pm !........
State of Cal Portland May 13. 11 am Pier 21
North Fork HumboMt..... May 13. 9 am Pier t
Corona San Dieso..-. May 13. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt May 13. J pm Pier »
C Nelson.. Seattle May 13. 19 am Pier 1
D«I N'orte.. Oregon Porta. May 14.
Senator .... Cape Nom«.... May 1«
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. May 14, 2 pm Pier >
Bonlta Newport May 15. 9 am Pier 11
Ohio Cape Nome.... May 13, .....'.
Samoa Humboldt May 15. lOamlPlerU
Luella Cape Nome.... May 15.
Sequoia ....|Cape Xotn» May 15,
Rainier Cape Nome.... May IS. J pm Pier 14
Alameda ... Australia. May 16. 8 pm Pier 7
Queen Vic & Pirt Sd. May 18. 11 am Pier 11
AUCTION SALES
HORSE AUCTION SALE
ELECTRIC LIGHT!
Over 60 Head of Handsome. Young. Well-
bred and Well-broken Horses, suitable for
livery, draft and business purposes. Not a
"has been" in the bunch. Several very cholc*
Carriage Horses anil Well-matched Carring->
Teams, besides some very fast and stylish
Trotters. Pacers and Saddle Horses among
them. These are all at the yard now.
Sale Takes Place at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721-723 Howard St.. Near Third.
FRIDAY EVEXIN'G MAY 11. B0|
At 8 o'clock sharp.
\VM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
Don't Forget to Attend This Sale.Many' an idle rumor hat been worked
beyond the limit
Interests the State.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday a resolu
tion was passed Indorsing the memorial to
Congress formulated by the State Board
of Trade asking that more extensive sur
veys of the public lands of the State b«>
made. The discrimination of small sur
veys against California has done much in
the line of retarding her growth. A reso
lution waa passed indorsing the attempt'
of the New York Merchants' Association
to eetabllsh a commercial museum in thai
city to be filled with strictly American
products. The Empire Transportation
Company. Pacific- Mutual Life Insurance
Company and Joseph Fredericks & Co.
were elected. to memberBhlp.'
President Jordan to Lecture.
OAKLAND, May 8.— David Starr Jor
dan, president of Stanford University
will lecture Friday morning at 1045
o'clock at Hearst Hall, his subject being
"The Freedom of the University." The
Graduate Club and the California Club
have the affair in charge.
Miners Favor Hermann Bill.
The California Congressional delegation
has been informed bye telegram that the
mineral lands committee of the California
Miners' Association is unanimously in fa
vor of the acceptance of the Hermann
substitute, bill for the original mineral
lands bill that has been favored by the
miners of California for several years. The
telegram was signed by Judge John M.
Wright, chairman of the mineral lands
committee of the association. The secre
tary of the Southern California branch of
the miners' association has also reported
favorably for his association. Another
Important matter before Congress that
particularly concerns California miners is
the petroleum bill. The Congressional del
egation has been questioned by Judge
Wright concerning the- standing of that
measure., Congressman do Vries, to whom
the telegrams have been sent, will prob
ably withdraw the mineral lands bill
which was introduced by him.
About the time the friends of a modest,
unassuming girl begin to think she Is cut
out for an oid maid she fools them by get
ting married.
'gSDWARD B. HINDES will erect a
p^ seven-story trick hotel on the
i , northwest corner of California and
Jones streets. The agreement is
tha.t it shall be ready for occupancy the
coming fall. The cost will be about,,$130,
000. There will be 250 rooms in 95 suites.
Two fast running tlectric elevators and a
telephone service by which every room
will be connected with the main ottice and
with other rooms and also with the city
system of telephones are included in the
accommodations to be provided. The
principal entrance to the notel will be on
the California-street side, leading to thw
main office and the rotunda, oil which
will be reception, biilard. waiting, writing,
lounging and wine rooms and the man
ager's office. At one end of liie main of
fice will be a large open lireplace. On the
second floor will be a gallery around the
entire ottice, covered by an art glass
domed roof. From this gallery will open
the main and private dining rooms. The
main dining room will be 5ux&0 feet, with
oak wainscoted walls and overhead beam
ceilings, in which will bo concealed the
wires for 809 electric lights. At one side
there will be a musicians' gallery with
screened openings. The principal recep
tion room will front on California street.
This will be finished in Flemish oak. The
kitchens will be tltted with the latest
modern appliances. The basement will
contain laundry, bicycle and store rooms,
servants' dining room and the bakery
The hotel will be heated throughout with
low-pressure steam. In the planning care
has been taken to provide against dark
Inside rooms. The building is leased to
J. G. Barker of the Colonial, who will
make an extended tour among the newest
Eastern hotels In order to procure the
latest ideas In finishings.
HOTEL BUILDING TO
ORNAMENT NOB HILL
HOMEOPATHS WILL MEET •
IN ANNUAL CONVENTION
Members of the California State-Med
ical Society Will Discuss Many
Interesting Subjects.
The twenty-fourth annual convention of
the California State Homeopathic Medical
Society will open this morning at 10
o'clock in the maple room of the Palace
Hotel. The session will be called to order
by Dr. James W. Ward, president of the
society.
The address of welcome will be deliv
ered this afternoon at 2 o'clock by Mayor
Phelan and the response by Dr. E. C.
Buell of Los Angelea. The annual address
by President Ward will be on the subject
"Why I am a Homeopathic Physician."
A large number of Interesting papers
on pertinent subjects will be read by
members of the organization. A grand
banquet will be given to-morrow evening
by the physicians of this city, Oakland
and Alameda to the visiting members in
Maple Hall. On Friday evening a recep
tion .will be tendered to Dr. James W.
Ward and Dr. Florence N. Ward at their
residence, 2700 Broadway. The committee
of arrangements consists of C. L. Tisdale,
M. D., chairman; Florence N. Ward,
M. D., and William Boerlcke, M. D.
The officers of the society are: Presi
dent, James W. Ward, M. D., San Fran
cisco; first vice president, J. C. Kirkpat
rick. M. D.. Los Angeles; second vice
president, Alice M. Goss, M. D. f San Fran
cisco; secretary, Eleanor F. Martin, M. D.,
San Francisco; treasurer, Charles Lewis
Tisdale. M. D., Ala-meda.
Board of censors— Pliny R. Watts, M. D.,
Sacramento; W. J. Hawkes, M. D., Los
Angeles; Francis B. Kellogg, M. D., Los
Angeles: W. E. Waddell, M. D., Los An
geles; Henry I* Stambach, M. D., Santa
Barbara.
Board of directors— J. M. Selfrldge
M. D., Oakland; William Boericke, M D
San Francisco; Charles Lewis Tisdale'
M. D.. Alameda; A. C. Peterson, M. D
San Francisco; Sidney Worth, M. D., San'
Francisco.
ROBERT BRUNS.
ALAMEDA, May 8.— A two-year-old
baby who can render in perfect -tone
and without the loss of a note Gaul's
magnificent "Holy City'' is the latest in
the infant musical prodigy line in Ala
meda. The youngster Is Robert Bruns,
son of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Bruns, residing
at 1617 Hibard street. The little phenom
enon has a wonderful ear for music and
an almost unaccountable talent for har
monious rendition of selections which the
trained voice handles with utmo?t care.
The parents have no desire to pose their
offspring and have bent every effort to
prevent the abnormal development of the
child. He has repeatedly caught words
and airs of difficult compositions after
once hearing them, and he Is as much at
home with the minor classics in music as
he Is with ragtime.
Tlje boy's marvelous gifts were made
apparent as soon as he could lisp. Since
he was 19 months old the little prodigy
has exhibited his peculiar talent. The
family constantly resist the entreaties of
their friends to exhibit the boy, because
it is feared that the delicate nervous or
ganization might be injured. At home he
displays his musical bent with such evi
dent ease and naturalness that the pa
rents do not repress the boy. Those who
have been privileged to hear him are mys
tified over his remarkable power.
TW0YEAR OLD BOY
SINGS AS A MASTER
Twenty-Two of the Crew, Including
the Captain, Perish Near
Port.
MELBOURNE May 9.— The British
ship Sierra Nevada, Captain Scott, from
Liverpool,^January 6. for this port, was
totally wrecked outside the heads. Five
of her crew were saved, but it Is believed
that twenty-two others, including the cap
tain, perished.
The Sierra Nevada" was owned by
Thompson, Anderson & Co. of Liverpool.
Professor Hill Arrested.
TACOMA.Wash., May 8.— Professor L. P.
Hill was rearrested to-day and charged
with being a fugitive from justice. Appli
cation for his extradition is now before
Governor Rogers. Judge Williamson to
night refused to grant a writ of habt^is
corpus and Hill spent the night in Jail.
SHIP SIERRA NEVADA
WRECKED AT MELBOURNE
I Five Men Known to Have Perished
and the Fate of Others Is
in Doubt.
NEW ORLEANS. May 8.— The Morgan
1 liner El Paso, which arrived early to-day
from New York, brought with it Second
Mate Wllloughby M. Moore and fourteen
! of the crew of the wrecked British steam
er Virginia. This vessel. Captain Charles
Samuel, from Daiquiri, Cuba, for Balti
more with a cargo of iron ore and a crew
of twenty-six men, stranded on Diamond
Shoals about 6 o'clock on the evening of
last Wednesday some twelve miles off
Cape Hatteras.
Mate Moore and the crew, as soon as
they arrived in New Orleans, went to the
i office of British Consul Van Sittart. There
[ they related a tale of great hardship.
; Moore and the fourteen men with him
managed to get Into a boat after the
i stranding of the vessel, but were unable
• to make shore owing to high wind from
1 the land, and were driven out into the
; open sea.' The El Paso sighted the for
i lorn crew of the wrecked Virginia and
• they ¦were soon taken aboard.
; Tha British Consul will Fend the men to*
Baltimore. Mate Moore states that when
he left the Virginia Captain Samuels and
the first mate urul the other members of
the crew were crowded upon the bridge.
i Five men were drowned.
Tilden Statue to Be Presented to the University To-Morrow
| LOSS OF THE BRITISH
STEAMSHIP VIRGINIA
MRS. HUNTINGTCN'S GIFT
TO TUSKOGEE INSTITUTE
Gives to ths School a Splendid Memo
rial Hall, All the Work Upon It
Being Done by Students.
Fpeciai I'iFnatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. May 8.-Mrs. Collis P.
Humir.gion has given Tupkegee Institute
ct Tuskogee, Ala., a memorial hall, which
la tc be known as Huntingdon Hall. This
3s an Institute for n^gro youths and young
vromea founded by Booker T. Wash
ington.
An interesting thing about the memorial
Is that all the work on it i? being done by
students of the institute. The plans were
drawn by Student R. R. Taylor. The en
lire furnishing will be done by students,
vrtio w*lf"mafc«? chairs, tables, decks and
other fixtures.
Hooker T. Washington has Just tent to
?.lrs. Huntington a picture showing the
building In its present Etate and groups of
Etndenta at work on the structure. It
v.iil be ready for occupance In about a
fortnight. Huntiugton Hall, when fur
rnshod. will have cost Mrs. Huntington
about $20,<XX). Its erection is considered a
triumph for the pupils of the institute,
p.nd this is said to be the only instance In
ihis country where students of an indus
trial school have built and equipped a
t uilding entirely from their own maierlal.
The building is to be for the girls of the
institute. It is two stories In height with
en attic and basement, and it contains
twenty bedrooms and one large sitting
room. In the basement Is a laundry, a
large bathroom and general storage, neat-
Ing and coal rooms.
Brings Many Japs.
TACOMA. Wash.. May 8.— The big ex
tranfport Dairy Vostock arrived to-day
with a light cargo of matting and curios
:.:.¦! a big steerage load of Japanese.
There are 300 of the passengers to be ex
amined here, about twice that number
having been left at Victoria.
The officers of the steamer bring news
cf a serious Insurrection In Chinchou,
< "hina, on the line of one of the northern
railways being built by the British. Tho
English engineers were attacked by the
insurgent* and forced to fle« for their
lives. Troops were sent to put down too
Shanklm Acquitted.
r'KEEXO, May 8.— J. W. Shanklln. the
cx-C!ty Clerk, who was on trial for em
bezzlement of public money, was acquit
ted to-night by the Jury acting on the in
structions of Judge Carroll Cook of San
Francisco, who presided at the trial. The
Judge held that the prosecution had failed
to show that the money alleged to have
been embezzled waa city money, and also
failed to chow that a proper demand had
been made. There are several charges
landing, but the probability of a comple
tion is now very slim.
cjpP COMPLIMENTARY testimonial con
// A cert to the brilliant young violln
ll 1st. Sada, was tendered this after
noon at the California Theater by
Mayor Phelan and a number of other
prominent patrons and patronesses. The
audience was by no means so large as
should have been attracted by the pro
gramme presented by this gifted young ar
tist, but was most discerningly enthusi
astic.
One is reminded anew in hearing this
14-year-old child of the old saying that
every Hungarian is born with a violin in
his fingers, for though Toledo. Ohio,
claims Miss Wertheim as a citizen, it is
certainly to her Hungarian ancestry that
she owes her power of Interpretation of
such music as the "Zlgeunerweisen" and
Lalo's "Symphonio Espagnole," more;
Hungarian than Spanish as it is. and here
given probably for the first time yester
day.
The programme was in every way dis
tinguished and satisfactory. Sada's first
number, the "Zlpeunerweisen," was greet
ed with prolonged applause, to which she
responded with the Chopin Ndcturne In E
flat. The Lalo symphony, yet new to a
San Francisco audience, also roused much
enthusiasm, and*the familiar Salnt-Saens
"Rondo Caprlccioso" was played with the
utmost verve and astonishing ease. Miss
Wertheim returns to her study in Brus
sels almost immediately, and it Is safe to
prophesy a brilliant future for this youth
ful genius.
Sada was assisted by Miss Maude Fay,
soprano, a San Francisco girl, who to a
most charming personality adds a rich,
full voice, comparatively untrained as yet,
but with much promise. The violinist and
vocalist were capably and sympatheti
cally accompanied by Mies Ida Clement.
SAD A WIELDS A
MASTERLY BOW
Electric Road Extension.
OAKLAND. May's.— Tha Oakland Rail
road Company has commenced work on
the extension of the San Pablo avenue
electric road from Golden Gate to Uni
versity avenue. West Berkeley.
Would Succeed Ed-win Markham.
OAKLAND. May 8.— Friends of J. C.
Gllson, former Superintendent of Schools,
are urging him as a candidate to the prin
clpalship of the Tompkins School, which
has been held by Edwin Markham. When
the writer of "The Man With the Hoe"
went East a year ago he was given leave
of absence, which has expired. It is pre
sumed he will not return to Oakland,
therefore it is supposed a vacancy will
shortly be declared in his position.
CLASS DAY TO
BE CELEBRATED
AT UNIVERSITY
Elaborate Programme Has
Been Arranged by the
Student Committee.
BERKELEY, May 8.— An elaborate pro
gramme has been arranged for class day.
nett Thursday at the University of Cali
fornia. As completed by the committee it
is as follows:
Beginning at 9:30 o'clock on clasa day.
Thursday. Maj- 10, there will be a band
concert under the oaks. At the same time
the members of the graduating class will
assemble at Stiles Hall and form in line
for the clasa pilgrimage, which will com
mence promptly at 10 a, m. The class will
bid farewell to the various university
buildings, after which it will proceed to
ihe site of the president's house, where
the very important ceremony of breaking
ground for the greater university will take
place. Music and short addresses, fol
lowed by the breaking of ground by Mrs.
Hearst, will be, the order of exercises.
Following this ceremony Mayor Phelan
will present the famous Tilden football
statue awarded to the University of Cali
fornia as winner of two out of threw
games. This ceremonv will take place
under the beautiful Berkeley oaks,, ana
thfre will be music by Blum's band,
speeches, songs and a general jollliicatlon.
i An innovation this year will bo an*ad-
I dresa by a woman student, Mi»3 Alice
fDuffy, and the presentation of a loving
cup to Mrs. Hearst. Neat blue and gold
programmes will be issued, and the exer
cises bid fair to be a great success. The
Committee in chaxge consists of Miss L.
M. Macaulay. iliss M. G. Wiltshire. Miss
M. S. Richard. E. A. Clausen, M. \V.
I Nathan and W. G. Parsons.
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 8.
Mrs. Rose Albers wants her presents
back, and because Dr. Edward Conn can-}
not or will not produce them the debon
nair dentist languishes in a steel tank at
the City Prison accused of embezzlement.
Now ( there are two sides to this tale of
a ring, a dentist, a lady and some love.
The romance opens with the engage
ment of Mrs. Rose Albers as attendant in
waiting at Dr. Conn's dental establish
ment on Washington street. Mrs. Albern
Is young, not unattractive, a widow, and
withal possessed of some relics of pros
perity in the shape of a diamond ring and
a shirt stud that also contained a flash
ing gem from the Transvaal.
Mrs. Albers explains that feeding em
ployment she accepted the dental gen
tleman's flattering offer, and was duly in
stalled, gems and all, as the outside guar
dian of the tooth extractor's emporium.
Cupid managed to do some deadly .work,
runs the story of the incarcerated doc
tor. His fair employe must havg become
smitten, for. says Dr. Conn in explanation
of his plight:
"The poor girl fell in love with me,
but really, you see, I could not help that,
bo T couldn't refuse .when Rosle wished
her diamond ring on my finger.
"The ring is gone. Yes, you under
stand, I was washing my hands and the
stone dropped out of the setting and was
lost in the laboratory washbasin drain.
Rosie was standing near me when the
awkward accident occurred.
"I showed her the ring and told her I
would surely replace It. I promised her
father also I would fix the matter all
right, but Instead of glvinp me a chance
to do that I am lugged off to jail."
Mrs. Albers declares that matters are
very different. She admits she foolishly
gave the rins; to Conn to wear, at his re
quest, and likewise had she parted under
the same conditions with her diamond
stud.
"I. found they had been pawned, and
that's why I had him arrested." asserted
the aersrievpd young- woman. Mrs. Albers
Is a daughter of Louis Homeier. a well
known musician. Conn was arraigned to
day in the Police Court, but remains in
jail in default -of $2000 bail.
Cupid Caused Trouble in a
Dental Parlor and Jail
Doors Opened.
THE RING, THE
LADY AND HER
TALE OF LOVE
Pupils Will Contest for Trophies.
Preliminary , arrangements for the first
competitive athletic exhibition between
pupils . of : the grammar and high schools
were made \ yesterday at a meeting of
principals In the Board of Education aa
pembly room. It will be held at Recrea
tion ParkjEighth and Harrison streets, on
May 22. ' The three trophies presented by
Mayor Phelan, Superintendent Webster
and, Raphael Weill will be contested for
by pupils from the high school In a tug
of-war i and baseball and football games
by pupils of the grammar grades.
Dog's Baths Came High.
OAKLAND, May 8.— In a bill presented
against the estate of Mrs.. Catherine
Brown, before Judge Greene. Mrs. J. E.
Brennan put In an Item for $20 for the
care of a pet dog. She explained that
Mrs. Brown when sick had the dor by
her bedside all the time for several weeks
and insisted that It be washed every day.
The claim ;waa allowed.
OAKLAND, May 8.— The action insti
tuted by Mrs. -Louise Fromme and hus
band" against her brother, Adolph
Bauerle; to have deeds to property val
ued at $5000 set aside on the ground that
their mother had been unduly Influenced
by the son to transfer the "property to
him, was on trial to-day in Judge Hall'i
department of the Superior Court. Mrs.
Silva, a sister of the interested parties,
testified that the brother had attempted
to prejudice their mother against herself
as well as against Mrs. Fromme. She
further swore that prior to her mother's
death she had sent the rather home from
a party because she was afraid that In
their absence the. son might burn the
house. When Mr. Bauerle- reached the
house, witness declared, he found all the
water pipes and electric wires cut and
the stove stuffed \wlth' rags.
SERIOUS ALLEGATION
AGAINST A BROTHER
A meeting of the trustees of the Free
Public Library was held last night
at the City Hall. Trustees Wise,
O'Connor, Boyd, Taylor, Bishop, and
Mayor Phelan were present. The
board decided to make application to
the Supervisors for an additional $5000 In
the tax levy. With this sum, the trus
tees say, they could provide the proposed
reference and reading room at the park
lodge with" books and shelving and meet
the expense of the place for a year.
The following trustees were appointed a
committee to consider the matter and
take necessary steps to secure the erec
tion of a central public library building:
Joseph O'Connor,- P. N. Lillenthal. Ralph
C. Harrison, James D. Phelan and John
H. Wise.
Mrs. Dr. Merrltt offered the trustees
the Sutro Library, conditionally. Action
on the matter was postponed until further
consultation could be had with the donor.
WANTS LIBRARY TO
HAVE ITS OWN HOME
iikR ARK THAU, of the Alcazar has
f/W\ tried an experiment on the
II IK V» theater-going public that ap
•* pears to be a success. He Is giv
ing them an old-fashioned, lurid melo
drama, entitled "The Diamond Robbery,"
in which there are all the elements of the
melodrama. That the versatility of the
Alcazar company is on a par with Im
ported organizations Is proved by the fact
that they have successively and success
fully played -"Quo Vadis," "Sue," and the
present production, which calls for an en
tirely different class of action.
"The Diamond Robbery" meets in all
respects the demands for a play of this
kind. Its climajtes, intense situations,
strong characters and highly colored
story fascinate the average auditor who
visits the theater In order to be enter
tained.
The players do themselves credit In this
production, and Marie Howe in particular
is deserving . of praise by. reason of the
realism and unnerving energy with which
she invests her role. Her Hebrew dialect
is decidedly commendable and her entire
conception of the part thoroughly com
petent. ""George Webster In the role of the
detective gives once more ample proof of
the talent he possesses. Georgie Wood
throp in the part of the Irishwoman pre
sents a character part of great merit and
has the laughers on her side throughout
the evening. In comedy work of this kind
she is talented.
May Blayney, who has established her
self safely as a juvenile of superior
achievement, gives full satisfaction once
more. Irene Everett looks strikingly
handsome in the role of the vlllalness and
invests the part with necessary force.
Ernest Hastings gives a most interesting
idea of the Senator. He is not as coarse
as others Who appeared in the role, and
this toning down speaks well . for Mr.
Hastings* Judgment and discrimination.
Edwin Emery in the juvenile role ha3 the
girls on his side, and his love scenes count
among the features of the play. Ernest
Howell shows remarkable versatility In
his double role of the grandfather and the
typical bowery man.
Judging from the strong character of
this play arid the exemplary production
idven it it will run to packed nouses the
balance of the week especially as the
taste for melodrama has been very pro
nounced in this city.
MELODRAMA IS AGAIN
PLAYING FAVORITE
Father. McNally Begains Health.
OAKLAND. May 8.— Rev. J. B. McNal
ly, pastor of St. Patrick's Church at West
Oakland, has recovered from his recent
illness, but will remain some weeks long
er at Prescott, Ariz., where he has been
sojourning seeking health.
PALOMA SCHRAMM, the wonderful child pianiste and composer, who
created a sensation here two seasons ago. Is back with her younger sister
and only pupil, Karla, after an extended trip through the East, Eng
land, Germany, Switzerland and Austria. While abroad she played for
the most eminent musicians and notables and her scrapbooks are literally
loaded with kindly letters from v«ople high in the musical world, as well
as with Interesting press clippings.
Paloma and her tiny sister are pictures of health and have improved In
their work since last heard here. They will give the first of two recitals at
Sherman. Clay & Co.'s hall this afternoon at 3:15, when Paloma will play
several of her own dainty compositions. In addition to works of the masters.
She will also improvise upon an original theme submitted by any one in the
orchestra. The second and last recital will take place at the same hall on Sat
urday afternoon.
PALOMA AND KARLA SCHRAMM.
CHILD ARTISTS WILL
SHOW THEIR SKILL
An East Oakland Merchant
Drops Out of Sight Pear
ing Detectives.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
* 1118 Broadway, May 8.
Believing that he was being pursued by
Southern Pacific detectives, G. D. White,
recently a fruit dealer at 655 East Twelfth
street, has' disappeared under circum
stances which lead his friends to fear that
he 1b temporarily demented.
White dropped out of sight about two
weeks ago, out the first intimation con
cerning his condition of mind was in the
receipt of several letters sent by the de
parted business man to friends in this
city. H. H. Colby, Wells. Fargo & Co.' s.
agent at Thirteenth avenue and Bast
Twelfth street, was White's landlord. To
him the absentee wrote as follows:
"The freight agent accuses me of go
ing into the freighthouse, breaking open
that crate and taking out some of those
covers. Such a fool thing for me to do Is
not worth considering. I did not do It.
I could not, even if I thought of such a
thing. Those covers have been taken out
by some oth#r hands; not by mine. Do
you think for a moment I am fool enough
to pet the key from the agent, go inti*
the freifrhthouse, break open one of those
crates and take out those covers? It Is
out of the question for any man to do a
thing so plain as that. Well, good-by, Mr.
Colby. Yours truly."
Though unsigned the letter was In
White's handwriting, and inclosed was the
key to the store he had occupied. White
also requested Colby to sell out what
stock remained there.
The letter referred to a complaint that
the Southern Pacific freight shed at
Brooklyn had been broken open and that
White was suspected. In other letters the
missing man writes that he Intended to go
away on some ship. He promises William
King, an East Oakland barber, to return
and repay borrowed money. To Mrs.
Briggs, King's sister, White says he will
soon be at the Cliff House, the supposi
tion being that he meant suicide. White's
business venture was unsuccessful and he
was despondent over his 111 fortune. He
was formerly a Southern Pacific Com
pany brakeman.
STRANGE FLIGHT
THAT MAY HAVE
ENDED IN DEATH
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
STATE UNIVERSITY
RECEIVES ITS PRIZE
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' Steamers IcaTe Broadway
4v wharf. Ban Pranctsco:
K?%-»^_ For Alaskan prix — 11 a., m..
?*5j2£?v Ma y '• u - 1S - 21 - u - S1 - Jun *
t$P*£*>^*X 5 - Change to company steam-
'.i*S8 "4a Per Victoria. Vancouver (B.
f&eito^fttf&Sl C). Port Towr.B»nd. Sp«Stl«.
r^^waiEgsJ Tacoma. Everett. Atiacortes
and New Whatcom fW«sh.>—
11 a. m.. May 8. U, 18. It. W.
SI, Jnn« 5, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's rtmm»i
for Alaska and O. >f. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vanccwnrer to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Hnmboldt Bit- 10 a. m.. M»t
8. 13. IS. 23. 23. Jane 2 and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crui. Monterey. Ran Simeon. Cay
ocos. Port Harford (San Lais Obispoi. Oaviota.
Santa Barbara. V«ntnra. Haenem*. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anareles> and Newport—*
a. rn.. May 7. 11. IS. IS. 23. 27. XU Jun» 4 and
•very f jurth day thereafter.
; For Ean Pl»*o. rtopolnK only at Port Harford
(San Lais Obl«pn), Santa Barbara. Port Lo*
Angeles and Re«!ondn (Ix>« Anw'i)- 11 a. m..
May ». 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Jnn« 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Mardalena Bay. Ran Jn»» rt»t
Cabo. Mamtlan. Altata. T* Pax. S»-»ta P-nsat'*
and Ouaymas (Mnlco>— 10 a. in.. May 8. and
7th of each nxinth thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the riirht tn rhan**
steamers «*.U!n«r dat»s and hours of sailing. ¦
w»»>>«n» T*r»v1f>r« nntW.
TICKET omCE-4 New Montgomery
street .(Palace HoteO.
GOODAUU PFHKTN3 * CO.. O»n. Ar#nt«.
W Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. B. &l»."Cn. -
DISPATCH FART STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
Vrnm Sn»ar-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE S'2 First Class Including Berth
I Mil C Sd Second Class and Mfpls.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS ..T....
: May J. 13. ». Jun« » '..
COLUMBIA «all« May S. W. IS. June I j
Short line to Walla Walla. Rpokans. Butt*.
TTelena and all points In the- Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ' ¦.
E. C "WARD. General Ajent.
' CO Market st.
GOODALL. PXRKTVS A CO..
SnT>eTint»~o>nt!». v*V- r ».'
AMERICAN LINE.
nw Toas. Southampton. Loroos. fasa
Stopplnr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New fork May" J New York May 3n
St. Paal MayK St. Paul Jun« «
St. Louis. May 23 St. Louis June n
RED STAf? LINE.
N«W Yar\ cr)d Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Frtesland May 9 Kensington May SO
Southwark May IS Noordland ......June i
Westernland ....May 23 Frlesland June 13
EMPIRE LINE.
S. 9. Ohto tails from Stenart-st- wharf. San
Francisco, for .Verne, on May IS. 1:39 p. m.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, hut limited freight spaca
Is still available. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle June SO. July 31. August 30. For ratas
and cth»r information apply to «
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
SO Montgomery at. or any of Its agents.
Oceanic s. s. co.— Hoxor.xn.ir, apt a
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
8. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only>
Wednesday. May JO. 190ft. t P. M.
8. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia.... Wed.. May IS. 8 P. M.
J. b. SPH&CXELS & BROS. CO.. -qts.. .14 Montgomery
Pier 7. Poet Pacific St. Freiett O'.flc~.32-» Msrta? St
KOSMOS LINISMl
BSR A.PI3 .4000 Toas
M on' lily sailing for Valparaiso sad Kambnrg
via Maxioaa ports. Central. Soatb A m • nc*. ate.
8. 8. CCTAVIA SAILS 1B0CT VAT 12.
J. B. SHICCIXU * B«2§. <£; *•"> }}* JL m l' nmtrr *•
fUr «« t-iwlrt>MKWlMti<H.»ii »r»s>h—^
BAY AND BIVES RTT!*mph^
FOR U. S. HAVY YABD AND VALLEJOL
Steamer "Montlsello."*
MON., Tu«s., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at »:«
a. m. s 3:U. J:JO p. no. (si. Thurs. niebt} : Fri-
days. 1 p. tn. and S;J): Sundays. 10:S> a, m., 1
p. m. Landing and office, Mlssloa-atratt Dock.
Yltr No. t. Telephone Main \SQS.
FAHE ;¦
CALIFORNMA LADIES'
Experience Witli I>rink.
"While using Mocha and Java coffee
I was finally thrown into a serious case
of nervous prostration, with heart trou-
ble and dizzy headaches. My husband
also had most serious stomach trouble
for 3'ears. We finally gave up coffee
and began the use of Postum. Both
husband and myself have now been per-
fectly well for three years.
"Mrs. C. R. Holmes of 1946 Adair
street, and Mrs. Ade • Leonard, 234
Twenty-fevcnth .street, Los Angeles,
both tried Postum Food Coffee but did
not boil it fifteen minutes, according to
directions, and therefore did not like it.
I made a cup for each of them the rieht
\vay an-1 now they use it daily and like
it very much.
"Mrs. Ida Sherman of 6113 Went-
worth avenue. Chicago, had been quite
ill for years with dyspepsia and ner-
vousness and I urged her to leave off
coffee and take Postum Food Coffee.
She now writes me that she is entirely
cured.
"Mrs. Julia Moore of Riverside. Cal..
and also Mrs. Lily Staldn of Riverside,
nerc both ill for some years with heart
trouble. I told them of my experience
with coffee and induced them to drop it
?nd take up Postum Food Coffee. Mrs.
Moore was cured and in three months
after making the change Mrs. Staldn
wrote thst she had been relieved more
from leaving off coffee and using Pos-
tum thnn she had obtained from any
medicines.
"I am naturally a strong advocate of
Postum." Ina Maud Mafret. '122 N.
Johnson St., E. Los Angeles. California.,
POSTUM CEREAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
T. WARREN. Master.
Via Seattle, on or about
MAY 18, 1900.
The passencers* accommodations hare been
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. The tables will be
supplied with the best the market produces,
aitd will be unsurpassed by any vessel In the
Nome trade.
Will Have Eipsrfenced Ice Pi'ots and Un-
eicelied Facilities for Landing
'Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prompt landing: at their
destination.
For passage, freight, cold storage or Informa-
tion anuly at once to
J. J. HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Rra, 6.
Or to Purser on board.
Heaij Freight Will Be Taken. '
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
Will Dispatch From
fax rnAvcwco ptrwt r«w
Tf— Wfii-KP'Ti tr,\sK,« rvrrn..
S~ S. HUMBOLDT,
Sailing WEDNESDAY- May 3D.
S. S. ZEALAND1A, ;
Second sailing fapprox.) Jons Bth
Through service for Dawson and all Yukon
River points.
tMTlaska exploratm'co.,
General Offices, 139 POST STREET.
TOYO KISJLN KAISH1
8TEAMERS WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First tnd Brannan streets, l p, m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Koto (Hlcgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dla. etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
B3. AMERICA MARU
- ..." Saturday, May 13th. 1900
68. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. Jun« 14th. 1900
SB. NIPPON MARU.. ..Tuesday. July 10th. 190«)
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets * at reduced ratea. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlca.
411 Market str»«t. corner First . ;
W. H. AVE{tT. Ooneral Agent
COXPJlQRIS CZNERaLE TRANBaTL&XTIQtTZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS. .^_-
Pailing «v»ry Thurmlay inntead of
Saturday, from November ?. 1SS». at
10 a. m.. from Pier 4J. North River, foot of
Morten »t. LA CHAMPAGNE. May 10; LA
GABCOGNE. May 17: L'AQUITAINE May ?4:
LA TOURAINE. May 31. First class to Havre
$60 and upward t 5 per rent reduction on round
trip. B«oond class to Havre. f4S; i p«r cant
redaction on round trjo. QKNKRAli AOKNCT
FOR UNITED BTATEfl AND CANADA. 81
Broadway (Hudaon building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO., Pacifle Coast Agents ( Mont-
gomery avenue, 8&n Francisco. - * '
(Jv^T)^ in the Qoldfieids, a (/
j^-TYjC Winchester Repeating Rifle
J\ v t»\ * s a S 16^ * aw In It will protect you and
l^^^^S Winchester
WWmx lllflsE^i^ Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send name and
nssM \%x address en a postal card for 1 6O-page illustrated
/y&T |j|| Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
i^r rtjri£* tk -/^"™*1 NtTW HAVEN CONN
""~<f^~^ ij^Sv 4 1 ** ar^ cet Street, San Francisco, Cal.
THB BEST 1VAXATIVB.
A Pure Natural Aperient Water,
ABSOLUTELY ODORLESS,
and therefore free from all the offensive smell often
found in Aperient Waters. •
RELIEVES DISORDERED STOMACH, CURES CONSTIPATION.;
The ONLY Aperient Water bottled at the Hunyadl Springs.
ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, Solo Prop.; Budapest; Hungary;
;' ¦•• . 'f ¦ ¦ : - '¦ ¦ . ¦ . ¦¦ hi ' '¦ ¦ :'¦.-. .-• <¦¦'/-. .. .'¦.-.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1900.
10
f AX rilA\CI«CO CALL.
BTTPTN-SS OFFICE of the San Fracdseo
Call, corner cf Market and Third streets, open
cnttl IS o'clock e\-ery r.Jght In tbe year.
ERATfCTT OFFICE S— 5— Menteomery street,
rrrcer Clay: open until S:30 p. m.
J00 Hayes ttreet; open until 9:20 p. t_
(„ McAUlater rtreet; cpen until 9:!0 p. ra.
*15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. ta.
1M1 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. rn.
_ <1 _ arket itreet. corner Sixteenth; open
rrtll f p. in.
:06 Eleventh rtreet: ryen urtll 9 p. m.
ICJ6 Valencia street: epen until I p. m.
XI— Polk etreet; cpen until » p. m.
Northwest rcrner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreet!«: open until 9 t>. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Ix>d«e No. 44. F. and K
A. M. -Meeting TII1.S (WEDNESDAY) J?\-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de- fs~J\
e ree. TIIEO. FHOLICH. Bee.
CROCIvETT Lodje No. 139. F. and A. «
M.— Third degree THIS EVENING. _i>A-
May 5-, at 7 o'clock sharp. By order of T^J\
ifce W. M. .-.¦••¦ '
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR L '-dee No. IK, F. and A. •
21.— Special meeting THIS OU'EDXES- -jfr\»
DAY) EVENING, May 8. at 7 o'clock. J>Lj\
First de.roe. / ~r
THEO E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 168. F. and A. M.— a
failed meeting THIS (TVEDNESPAY) _#\_
EVENING at T :3« o'clock. 1st degree. TK_K
C. D t PCX—EH, Secretary. / ~>~ *
CALIFOHNIA Uxige No. i. I. O.
O. P.— Officers and members will iOTSSs
nv*t at Assembly Hall. I. O. O. "-^JFrpS^
F b_l— — g. THIS EVENING at '< r '"« ;v>
7:45 sharp. WM. TP.OTTER. N. Q.
CONCOHIUA LODGE NO. 122. I. <&£-__>
' . O. F.— Th< members <-: the yJ_TS<i_
funerHl committee are hereby
notified to BaaeratAt at Odd Fci- '" *'. v
lows Hall THX*— 8D_ Y. at 1 o'clock p. ro.. to
uttemi U'.e funeral of our late brother. JA-
COB NI__ E . P. a. I*:- order of
GEORGE DERINQ. N. G.
CHKIST ROEBF.R. Rec. S^
MOuTl Lodce No. 2". I. O. O. L&a&g.
P.— k ittU lion THIS (WE OX— 8- _2_?&_
DAY EVENING. May Ith. Cove- "?5j«^tr
ns.nl Ha:i. Visitors cordially In- '*"'•
vitetf GEO. SHE KM AN. N. G.
C. CRIXD. R*>:.->rt1:ng Secretary.
MAPTEH Mariners' Benevolent As- -¦¦,^
•ii?:ati-in— i ht- regular m«"<-Ung will ' «T J^
lw heM tn »iall. ZZO IVet sO THL'US- **!_!*
JL>AY ICVKNlMi, May ltrth. at 7:3» '
o'clock. All mpR5t>er« are re<j-jeMed to be
present as Important business __| come be-
iore the meet inc. I3y order of the president.
J-- TRAl'NG, Hecordir.c Secretary-
£T. ANDREW'S SOCIETY— Thirty- _ \f ->.
wventti ;;nr.ual i>idiic *>'!!1 take I\ {fAifJ
}'!&<¦* at Fairfax Park, near VxTti*
lUfHei. «.n BATCROAr. May 1*. **^f?4»
; -..:.- leave San sal: So [eery at 7. S^O. 11 a. m.
ana 1 :«r. p. m. ; retornlag trains leave Fairfax
at 4:K &::¦! J:ZX Tickets. !.(•?; children, -5c; to
be has from member*.
WlLLl.MI n.UA'AVE S. President.
»: A. P. I—.TTE BSOX. t?"cr« _,ry.
TT — PEIIANCE' Jubilee— First temperance or-
Ganization In Oalliorr.ia; in:-titmed May 9,
l!>50; 50th ar.nl versury meeting WEDNESDAY.
May P. r> _(V.y »t., S p. rn.
ACBITS WANTED,
AGKXTS for an ail-round use;ul utensil: b»st
r\er Inverted; $;S ;o ta per Cay; profitable,
perira!>ent bu»i:ipss. Call or write HERRICK.
KIT Urufh ft.. Oakland.
A<~._N'TS wantdi- GorvJ thing, good yales. good
prr.f.ts and cooU cliance for rijslit men. Ad-
di-HSF. with stamp. V. W. BLANCHAR0, Be- i
mcia. Cal.
EXPERIENCED tall— _ c nr.d loan agent*.
n-v- n T4K.. r-)ar« 9:-it-rk*'i* building.
A-TItP—OGV.
t*8OF. A. UA£— BY of IwgXJit, greatest astrol-
ocit't ar<J pa'.m!n in il.e world; 'eatic 'action
ruarsrxd !S PrwreH rt.
ATTO—NEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE tree: divorce law a specialty; private;
no Ire without success; ci lections. G. W.
KOWI*. ett'y at law. # 8i0 Market, cor. Stocktn.
AI'VICK fr^e: no charpe unless successful. W. j
TV. r>AVIlK?ON. T1'7 Market st.. opp. Mason, j
L. S. (LAIIK rnma S;>r<»ckelF b'.dr.. S27 Mar- ;
Vft St.: romruTtatlon free: no fee? in advar.re. j
MATH CAi;i%ET HOT Allt. VAI-OIt. j
III "imiCSON 5-i 4-j'a3 p l falling; door opers; firm
an.i t-af*. W. S. i:i:OWN. gen, agt.. 42C EUIp. <
BKLGIAN HARKS.
CLA lli;_ ONI U_L<rFAN~~H ARE ASSOCIA-
TION.
We h2ve secured FAPHODA PRINCE (Imp.).
¦oa of Qasillica Fa?ho<5a, fee $15; also
ROYAL ROCHDALE, fon of Rochdale, fee
tja. l>cx>s flipped us by express for service
¦rm receive careful attent-on.
Higtl-C— u_ do<s. bred and unbriaf : does with
litteif anJ yo'jng-sters cf bbM strains; all
clats-es of animais at reasonable prices.
W. B. THOMA?. Oil Te'.esraph ave.. opp.
Term-*cal power hou«-. <">akland.
TO I>ea!«Ts— We erf- prepared to furnish you
¦with all grade? of animals, both imported and
dumesak, u.t prices that will be sa t .«.actory.
In addit-on to our present large collection
•we have 30 actuals due i>n the 10th inst.. di-
rect frcm England.
Call at once and secure the choice on«s.
CALIFORNIA UHLGIAN' HARE ASPOCIA-
TION. Alameda. Cal.; tel. Grand 1S5L j
THE Uigef-t and beft-eqaipred rabr-'.try north I
cf Lo» Angeles; imported Belgian hares; I
wholesale and retai!: fashionable, strains of I
lrr.pcrteii bucks and does always on hand; 1
r.urrf does; a fnU line of rabbitry euppiies.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
fif-Cll GcMt. Gate ave.. S. F. • tel. South
CM. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor. j
THOROUGHBRED n-lplan doe«. bred to Royal i
Povcrelgn. J10 tr, ?;o; to Emperor of Norfolk. '
tro to *30: to Ajax (hirheFt-Bccring buck in
America*. t?i> to i:.O: youngsters, all strain* 6 1
WM— s. $2 'Jr. 10 vvffks. JJ 50; 3 month*. }.', and I
IT r.f.. Kenwood Rabhitry. .'.30 14th Ft.. Oakland. )
BOSS Rafcbirry. CM". Howe «.. Oakland— Thor- I
oujrhbred BelRian har***. br<^-d;ng does; young- I
rter* for sale frnm the following strains; Yu- i
kon. Lord P.ochaale. Klcn-like NuRget and
Red Sovereign; Brltiah KinK ct service; vis- j
itrr> welcome; take Mountain View cars. 1
FOR sale— P*>digr«-ed IJf-lpian hares; from JG I
upward. MARKCT-FT. RARBITRY W C I
HENTHAM. Proprietor. U32 Market st.
TE DIGREEI> Ftrx-k— All popular strains- Lord
Fast'.oda Cm>f <imr..) and otber srnnd sires at
_rtud. Eureka Re bbltry. 1€'.CA Turk; vis. weL 1
TRKSIOXT BC— GIAN HARE CO. 1134 Fill-
more Ft., S%n Francisco. Cal. Rend C cenu
In Ftarr.;s for hock on care and feeding.
MBS. A. M. Bi;.SH. official Judce of~Eo!sian
bares. Address for one we^k. Golden West
Hatel. Pan Francisco.
THE Km-inal ItaMiltry. Haslett _ Bew. 1—2
Grand st.. Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
II ICTCLBS — For Sale or Exchange-.
JCEW Cleveland bicycle*: better than^verTiMOt
& UILL. SOS Larkin «-t.
GREAT barKainn in second -hand bicycles; from
$5 up; send for lift. LEAVITT & BILL. 308
i_rkin St., Kan Francisco.
>f;-;. BOOKS XEW AXD OLD.
H'!r-»- ~;-rk rn' M<««irn »r. r'«' Third!
DOOT AMI SIIO- IIAKGAINS.
BARGAINS. ladies' and children's shaes; drunw
mere' samples tats, cost. Kchlbecher. Hi 4th.
BISI.VESS CHA.\C_S.
A— IM; SALOON. »1th living rooms; estab.
xaa.ny year* and good paying place; on Sixth
»t. : low rent. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A^-JSSO: DELICACY — d candy store; choicest
location on Mission st_; rent J25; living: rooms;
_ illy receipts i2U; place roust be sold at once;
' owner to leave tbe city. Call U. G. WILKE.
'MA Market *t. __^^
A— «CC»— CHOPHOUSE and restaurant: estab-
lished 20 jears; rent *25: opp. R. R. de{>oi:
a. eplendid chance and a good paying busi-
ness. Call It. G. WILKE. S0« Market tt.
A-$Si0: COP.NEH ealoon. 1 block from Market
and Stockton sts. ; /iet rent IC3; a good-paying
_ nd <-.id-e>>tabIiKbed buslnees. Particulars R.
ii. WILKE, !KM Market st.
A— f 4030; BEST located saloon on Market St.;
with 7 club and ladles' rooms and fine
rrochds; place Ik known over the U. S. and
Europe and doing a large, profitable busineid.
Particulars Ii. O. WILKE. 806 Market »t.
A— t2CC«— PARTNER wanted In best-located sa-
Jo. r. en Market e_; place open day and night;
do':.t,- a (lrst-class, puyins buslnesi.; owner
¦wanta a sood, honest man for assistance. Par-
ticu!ar» H. O. WILKE. U06 itUrket rt.
A— SSOC— BAZAAR and notion etore. with 2 fine
living rooms; rents £22 £.0; a good paying busl-
j-.'-fi- : stock values the Diice: bert location on
principal ttreet. — . O. WILKE. SOC Market.
A-J15W-BAKERT on leading business itreet;
WeeWn Addition; rent J85; 3 bor»es. magon;
J new ovens; baking 3ty barrels per day: elck-
nett cause of fcale. Bee K. C, WILKE. SW
Market et. - - '
A— SK0C— CORNER rrocery and > bar. with four
living rooms ; rent (50; 3 years* lespc; ths best
corner en Mitslon St.; place doing a -good
r«vinB caj-h bu»lne*t; full value in . Bight.
Qi;H It. C. WILKE. SOt Market 8t.
teno WILL buv an old established butcher busi-
ness in Mission; call Immediately. BROCK-
ELHL'RST _ MEGLEDDERY. 7S9 Market..
tlT5— SALOON; fine locaUoa; r*-nt paid tlU June
U; eclllss.. departure. BASILE. 3 Eddy it. .
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
CLEAR land to exchange, for rooming-house
or grocery- COWING '_ CO., 719 Market st.
A— GROCERY and delicacy etore; full stock;
blsr bargain. COWING — CO.. 719 Market st.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE north Market; 36 rooms;'
caufce. death. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
BRANCH bakery and candy store; living rms.;
cheap rent. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
t CIGAR store on Market St.; bargain. COWING
& CO.. 71S Market st.
DELICAC T store; fine location; cheap rent;
with rooms. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market st.
A PARTNER wanted with $S00; can clear J100
month: guaranteed. COWING & CO.. 719 Mkt.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor: Market st. ; a
snap. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market Bt.
A COUNTRY hotel for rent in good town.
COWING. 719 Market tt.
A CORNER downtown saloon: best eouth of
Market; snap. COWING - CO.. 719 Market.
1350— BRANCH bakery, stationery and candy
store: bargain. McLAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777H
Market tU
$1100— GROCERY etore near the city; bargain;
other business cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN
& CO . 777V6 Market. st.
?_5 — CORNER saloon; bargain; departure cause
of eale. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., 71314 Market.
$150— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business}
will pay over $60 per month yearly. Mo-
LAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777H Market «t-
IciiO— BARBER shop: 4 chairs: well established ;
bargain. McLAUGHLIN - CO.. 777H Market.
FOUNDRY AND MACHINE SHOP
IN FIRST-CLASS MINING
district; owner sick; must sell. Particulars
with H. C. DECKER, 1C3) Market st.
$4PC0— PUBLIC dance hail; paying business;
will exchange for house and lot or vacant
Jots. Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
11 POOL tables end 2 billiard tables. Bruns-
wick make, pood as new, to exchange for
real estate: this is a fine chance for parties
going to* Nome; the tables cost J— a each.
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
A. STENBERG CO
« PHOXn FOLSOM 1343
TO SELLERS
Have buj-ers on hand ready to invest: also all
kinds cf legitimate propositions for buyers..
F^W OF OL'R BARGAINS
$2.",0— Branch bakery with sunny rms.: Mission
jC,-rfi_Cigar stp.nd on Market st.; receipts $15
$450— Cor. grocery and bar; owner there 7 yrs
Restaurant, Third St.; part cash; easy pay-
..'.... "...A. STENBERO CO.. 935 Market St.
icno — PARTNER wanted in an old established,
profitable business, controlling good. safe,
solid and rapidly growing trade: duties will
be to handle the cash, take orders In office,
krep plain accounts, etc.; the owner is well-
known business man and prefers partner to
other heir- Cal. Investment Co.. 632 Market.
I $150— PARTNER wanted In a downtown coffee
i Fnloori; srood chance for steady man: will pay
! J70 mo. to ea. Cal. Investment Co., 632 Market.
A— l"T.0— PARTNER wanted: must be steady,
reliable rr.an. satisfied with J18 to 120 a week,
no nirbt or Sunday work; trial given before
buying. Apply at 9 Geary ft., room 2.
A— SlfC— PARTNER wanted in a cash business:
established 14 years; guaranteed to clear $75
per month to each; half cash, balance out of
profits of business 1016 Market St.. room 10.
A— SIC 00— HANDSOME L T furnished dlnlng-
| room In large hotel on leading business street;
average receipts JSO day; cost $UfO to fit up:
owner going to Nome. Stenberg Co., 985 Mkt.
n_"n00ft; CAFE and rertaurant on Market St..
dolnjr»a large and profitable business; ro bet-
ter location ; only first-class trade; 5 years'
lea«e: a rare chnnce. Adiress box 43<5. Call.
BARBER shrp; 3 chairs; latest Etyle; for sale
, at a bargain; with 2 living-rooms in rear;
1 or win sell fixtures, etc.. without chalrr;
party foing East. 1131'4 Howard 6t.
CIGAR store for sale for 1225 if sold before Sat-
urJay. May 12; koo<1 paying and cheap rent.
I -quire at 23 Eaet et.
SALOON In wholesale district: excellent chance
for right man. Apply 112 Taylor st.; liquor
More.
WANTED— Lady or gentleman partner, with
$20C; mt— t be of good busines qualifications.
13 Minna St.. basement.
A RESTAURANT; bargain; good business. 239
Elchth st. ; call between 9 and 11 a. m.
J30* 1 — HOTEL ard bar in good town; good run-
nir.gr order. Inquire 2222 Mission st.
TO RENT— 110 month; double team and ex-
press wagon: plenty work. 7 City Hall Square.
$800— GROCERY and bar, suitable for man and
wife; good location. Apply 1034 Howard st.
RESTAURANT for eale. Apply 119 Drumm stT;
no agents.
ANY one intending to make Berkeley his
home for the purpose of educating his fam-
• lly and at the same time receive an Income of
J2M.K' per year in an old established and re-
! Fpeetable business would do well to address
I MAXWELL. P. O. box 3, Lorln. Capital re-
quired for the business about $2500 cash cr.
to ln»ude the property. $4000 additional, part
cf trhlrh would be exchanged for other good
property. N. B.— Principals only.
DO you want good paying dairy depot. clear-
Ing mere than $2 per day? some delivery; on
account of departu:e; no reasonable offer :
refured. Address J.. box 1S3L Cal! offlce.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
ccr.per rhop; also tteel range; doing good
business; «tabliyhcd 14 years. 411H Califor-
nla St.. EUGENE ROBINET.
DRUG More for i«ale or exchange for San Fran-
cieco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug etore in a good minlns town; cash trade.
Call at 730 O'Farrell et.. city.
$5000— FOR salA— Junction House, east of Hay-
ward*. For particulars applv at SIEBE
BROS. * PLAGEMANN. 332 8ansome St., S.
F., or T. C. Armstrong, real estate agent,
Hayv.-ards.
WILL exchange clear rerldertce lot in Chicago
suburb for good upricht piano or for furni-
ture. Addrexs box 417, Call ofllce.
FOR sale— On rasy terms, or would take part-
[ n«r, to start a tabbitry and chicken ranch;
i 45 minutes frcm Oakland, near station. For
\ intormation address box 470, Call offlce.
) WELL established saloon, near Kearny and
1 rtufh Bts. : must b<» Bold at one*. Apply BACH,
\ MS— SB & CO., 321 Montgomery st.
j LOCKSMITH rhop: established 15 years; good
j location for gnod mechanic; cheap rent.
, PZANIIC. 444 Valencia t-t.
I TO LEA'SE— Old established brewery: fitted up'
I fr,r immediate operations. 217 Sacramento st.
ALL firht-cUii! upholstery don>? cheap by the
¦ Job, day or month. S. JENSEN. 911 Bush st.
i CIGAR stand: 117 O'Farrrtl et. ; must be sold;
account of sicknews. •
23 WINDOWS of class. Second and Bryant
streets.
FOR FsJe— Saloon In wholesale district. Inquire
WICHMANN. LUTGENS & CO.. 318 Clay st.
A GOOD paylnj; crocery and bar: good loca-
tion: party coins Kast. 219 Natoma st.
BAKERY store. 1101 Howard st.; 4 rooms; large
oven and tools to let low; location excellent.
FOR sale— $300; old-established watch repair-
ing and Jewelry store. Box 414, Call office.
J200 CASH— Pnying buslneee.; rent free; store
! and bar. 36S Eleventh st.
STATIONERY store; good location; clean, new
stock- Bex l?20. Call office.
GOOD route on this paper In Western Addition.
Apply at this office. .
HA RISER shop and cigar store for sale cheap,
j account departure north. Box 1S79, Call.
j COFFEE and tea routes supplied from <JEO.
I _W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rwcetved at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i utftiptlo.iy has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla tt. ¦>
-ODGI.NG-HOL'S— S KOIl SALE.
1 10-ROOM house on Eddy, near Mason; only
$400. DECKER. 1C23 Market 8t.
10-ROOM transient house; new furniture; en
Mason, near Eddy; price SCOO. DECKER, 1020
Market at. .
! 66-ROOM house; 24 rooms furnished; rent $S0-
price X450. DECKER, 1020 Market St.
1 10 ROOMS; on Jones; clears $& J400
I 10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission 4.10
I 10-room house; new furniture :.... 200
I 12-room house; on Post st 400
100 rooms; rent *50; clears $200 1500
I IS rooms on Third st 250
SO-room corner; 2 entrances, half cash.... 2000
8-room flat; new; elegant $oo
18 rooms; on one floor: near Call offlce... £50
S7 rooms; on Howard Ft.; only J300 cash... 430
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200...... 800
10 rooms: on Mason st, ; payments 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
TELEPHONE JOHN 51. .
H.'C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A BIG, new house, new furniture, full,
clearing $200 mo.: half cash; easy terms.. $1600
18 rooms; central: rent $40; clears $50 650
9 rooms; 2 bfk*. N. Mkt.; rent $49: O. K.. 300
36 rooms on Mkt.: oak furniture; bargain. 1400
1» rooms;cor. on Post; good money-maker. 1100
? rms,; full; rental— : clean; time on part" 350
15 rocms; nr.~Mkt. : low rent; good bus... 650
37 rooms; full; 23 boarders; bon ton.....; 1600
£2 rooms; central; rent $65; money-maker. -700
12 rooms; rent $50: € steady boarders COO
l«0 more! I will lend you- part on any house.
MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market, nr. Call big.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market. . ¦-¦-. :¦*
15 rocms; rent $00; near Stockton St.... ...$400
21 rooms; corner: must sell; offer wanted.
' 28 rooms; rent $60; Stockton st. .800
IS rooms: part cash; only.... 1G00
Many other trood bargains. ¦ .
CHEAP— Account of other business, large, good
piylnc 'hovat on payments. 105 New _ :ontg'y.
CARRIAGES AND "WAGONS. - 7
FOR eale— Cheap; three-seated half cabriolet;
will hold £ or 9 persons. Apply bet. 3. and 0
o'clock at 127 Mission Bt.. WEMPE BROS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons; buggies, carts tt b%t-
ness, work „ driving hor«es. ISth _ Valencia.
CARPET UEATI.XG AXD CLEANING.
WHk.N you become disgusted with poor work
rend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 253-357 T*hama St.: tel. S. 49.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister St., phone south 146.
J. _. M1TCH_LL Carml Heating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th «t.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O.. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3^40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQL'EEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4M Stevenson »t. : tel. South 22 S; lowest rates.
CAKPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
ETRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S9t. CEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. k 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
_____________
ATTEN TIONT "TTTT™ REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE. \
The World's Mcst Famous Medium |
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick EsDecially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Reveal ed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart ana
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
¦be has made are the talk of tbe whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential.
Address cr call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
ave.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
cr: at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
TEST meeting every Wednesday evening; Oc-
cidental Hall, 305 Larkin st. Dr. Parker. Dr.
Carey, Mrs. Griff.n, Mrs. Shrlner; 10 cents.
MRS. HARRISON, medium, 43 Sixth st.— Read-
lags daily: satisfaction guaranteed; circle
Wednesday. 2 p. m.. 10c: readings 60c and Jl.
MRS. LESTER BAILEY, circle this" evening,
10c; readings daily. 1204 Flllmore st.
235 MCALLISTER St.; all tests to-night: flowers
and letters read; good mediums; adm. 10c.
GO to WATSON the luckiest and truest occult
j meillum and palmist; 25c. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th.
i MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; SA Sixth St.;
few days orly; cut this out.
MRR WEST, trnnce, test medium and magnetic
treatments. 1206 Market st., rooms 15-16.
MEDA HOPKINS, epiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th: clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MKP..1.J.WHIT?;EY. clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: «'ttlng. <1. HIM Mnrk't.
CL AI 11 V O V A XTS.
MRS. DR. C— ARK* •
THE WELL-KNOWN* TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
entranced she reveals ever}' hidden mystery;
Fhe will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies, remove family troubles, restore lost
affections, unite the separated, recover lo*t
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your entire life while in a perfect trance:
satisfaction sruarantefd by mall.
Send Ftftmp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk St.. near Jones;
hours, 10 a. rn. to f p. rn. dally.
MME. LANGB, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 1167 Market st..., bet. 7th and 8th.
MIPS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921V4 Mlssion.op. Mint.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readincs 25c; no. sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 2Zc; truth or no pay. 1149 Mis«ion.
LIFE readings with cards; ladles 25c, gents 60c.
13S2 Market, room 27. opp. Odd Fellows' bids.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Bluings dally? 212'4 Plxth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently, business
a.ivice: names giv«>n: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MMK. SYniLLET— Cradle to grave: future hus-
riarirt'* r>lrti:re. ?r>; ladle*. OH O'Fsrrelt »t.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
lers w»fCf»sfut Rrcm "10 «<27 Mark-t st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath. 2342 Fol-
som st.
NICE cottage. 6 rooms and bath, cheap to good
tenant. 3103 Clay st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. H1GGINS" dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pnln by use of electricity, gas or
chloioform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic d-ntal
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from £0c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pxin; plates that tit from
$4 50 up; open nvenlncs and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5;, a
full set of treth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specie lty: see our nesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years, fillings. COc: crowns. S3 50: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOS Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bid*., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
13 £0 up; plates, extractions free, tt CO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LKEK. 20 O'Farrell «t.. ex-
tractB and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns. $2; bridges. ?4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prtzts; no ttud»nts; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. J5: gold crowns. $3: new
method* In bridge work: fillings, gold. II no;
¦liver. &Cc: painless extraction. r>Oc: gas give*.
New York DentRl Parlors. $69 Mission. cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. llth-No
charge for extracting when plates are mad»;
old plates made over l!ke new; teeth from $S
p»r set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
IDKAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full fet of teeth. $4: crowns. 13: fillings.^ 2Sc.
MEYER, —eutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowns. Drldge work; open Suml. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. II. O.
YOT'NG. 1S41 Polk »t.
DOCJ HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELTJY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
MO Golden Gate ave.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BCTIARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore —
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits Jl 50; all
animals treatfrt: dors hoarded. Tel. West €86.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWKLL'8 Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post St.
S. P. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary st.; dresses
made, J5 up; dresses mad* over: perfect dt.'
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kind* pleat-
Ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConnonfeMofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHeTTtaRR United .Schools. Par-
rott building; Gallagher. 18 years official re-
porter, shorthand, department: Tarr.- expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a. school con-
ducted by experts; call or 3end for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages,- telegraphy. English
branches. rl\-il. ¦ electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new 80-page catalogue free. • - ;
AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; Ufa
scholarship. $-0; day and evening: catalogue.
ALL student* but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO _USI-
~NESS COLLEGE. 123C Market St. • - y
CALIFORNIA Business College. S05 Larkin, st.;
the coming school; thorough;: up to date; all
.branches; positions secured for graduates. J
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining,' mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 833 Market. .
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI,
1008 Mission; annual concert May 16. 421 Post,
ADULTS and children. taught English branches;
individual instruction; day and eve. 334 Hyde.
LOOKKEEPINQ practically; no theory; i rapid
- calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct..'. Flood bid*.
EEP1NA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building. - ¦
EDUCATIONAL.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher.
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc.: day or eve..; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT^ OFFICES;
A— JAPANKSE^CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Ofnce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4*.54.
A-MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce; established over five years.
-411 Post St.; telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment ofllce:
best'help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806^ Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 42«.
UNION Japanere-Chlnese Employment Office —
Best help. 417 Powell Ft., tetephone Clay 88.
EMrjLO YM—.Vr \V A.\T-D— • r'K.UA LK.
A COMPETENT German laundress desires sit-
uation; best' city reference; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. -
A FIRST-CLASS Danish cook desires sltua-
tlon; best of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter tt. .
A FIRST-CLASS German woman desires sit-
uation as cook; hotel or boarding; city or
country.- MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
AN intelligent, responsible woman wishes po-
sition as housekeeper for widower; children
no objection; references exchanged. Address
box 1864. Call offlce.* ¦
WANTED— By a refined German lady, a posi-
tion as attendant- to an Invalid or convales-
cent lady; undeistands massage; reference.
Addre6s A. T.. 2409, Sacramento st.
' ' ~f .
COMPETENT, refined woman wishes to make
herself useful where kitchen help is kept: re-
muneration expected. Box 2103, Call office.
YOUNG colored girl wishes situation to do
general housework In a small family; wages
$12 to $15. MISS O. J.. -1C8 Valparaiso st.
GERMAN woman, raised in America, wishes
a situation to do housework: Is a good cook;
wages from $10 to $12. Call at 609 Howard st.
LADY wishes position to assist with light
housework; must be treated as one of the
family; $2 50 a week. Box 1855. Call office.
HANNA DONOVAN wants to do light house-
work;- Is a good cook; country. 214 Fifth St.,
near Howard. - • '
COMPETENT cook wishes situation In first-
clnss private family; can do all kinds of cook-
Ing : cltyorcoimtry^refere^icea^^Kl^Bush^st.
COMPETENT person wishes place to do down-
stairs work or cooking; willing to go In coun-
try. 410 Franklin St.. near Hayes^
MIDDLE-AGED woman take charge of house
during absence of family, or cooking In pri-
vate family. 22',» Seventh st.
GERMAN woman wishes to do upstairs work.
420 Thlrd_B^
GIRL wants place to do general housework.
Please call at 4*2 Tehama st.
DRESSMAKER who thoroughly understands
cutting and fitting desires a few select cus-
tomers; Eton suits a specialty: made In 2
days; $1 50 day. Box 41S. Call office.
NURSERY governess— Refined young lady, best
of references, would give part -of each day to
teach children English. German and music.
M. L. D.. S25 Grove st.
LADY desires position to tend statloaery and
book Etore; some experience. Box 453, Call.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wants position as
housekeeper for family of adults: desires a
good home; small wages. MRS. ANNA
MERRYWEATHER, Station K. cl,ty.
AN elderly woman wlzhes a situation as house-
keeper; good reference. 608 Franklin st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night: $150 to $$
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. * •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at CuM hranrh n'flce. "WO Flllmore «t.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED — MALE.
A YOUNG Frenchman would like to have em-
ployment of any kind with American people,
where he will have the opportunity of learn-
ing the English language; wages no object.
Address M. LEGER. 539H California St..
MAN and wife with girl eight years old want
work In country; woman good cook; man good
worker. S09 Pacific st.
ELDERLY single gentleman deaires any em-
f>loyment in exchange for room and board or
ta equivalent. Address Box 2123, Call office.
PRIVATE secretary: po«itlon wanted withlady
or gentleman: references given. Address box
2771, Call office. Oakland.
CLERK wants situation. P. HOITMAN, Yose-
mlte House, 1045 Market st.
GARDENER, married, steady man, wants sit-
uation on private place; understands the
greenhouse, run gasoline engine, can take
en re of horse*, cows, handy with tools. Ad-
dress Gardener. San Rafael, Marin County,
Postofflce box 2S2.
EXPERIENCED, reliable barkeeper {German)
wants position; country preferred; best of
references. Address box 472, Call office.
BUTLER; first-class, or valet, wishes position.
Address box 471, Call office.
YOUNG man. neat appearance, wishes position
afternoons. Address box 455, Call ofllce.
F1RST-CL ASS barber wants steady work In
country or summer resort, liox 454. Call office.
ENGINEER, young, practical, used to any kind
of engine; also good machinist and pipefitter;
first-class references. Box 1SS1. Call office.
YOUNG assistant smith and helper wishes a
situation in a good shop with a chance to
learn: city or country: first-class ¦ references
furnished. Box 413. Call office.
A SOBER.' reliable man wants any kind of em-
ployment; speaks French and English; can
do housework. A. R.. 914 Sixteenth St., rear,
Oakland. •< .
MAN and wife desire farm work: man is
dairyman; wife is good cook. Apply 707B
Stockton st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office; 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlse ment? and subscriptions has been opened
Bt 1223 Polk «t.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call fcdvertlsements and
subscriptions hns been established at 1096 Va-
lenda Bt. _^^^^^^^^^^^^
EXCHANGE. ] ~*
STOREand^ flat -"right In town: Installment:
mortgage $2500; equity worth $2300 for vacant
lot: cash or arrangement. Hox 445, Call office.
6-ROOM cottage; center of San Francisco: In-
stallments; mortgage $1100: equity worth $1500
for a clear building lot. Box 1894. Call office.
' EXPEKT OPTICIANS.
OEORGK MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071%VMarket st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 60c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A— $12 AND $16; 2~new bay-window flats, S and
6 rooms each; tubs; bath. 909 Folsom nr. 6th.
10 TO 30 days free. A. M. SPECK & CO.
4 r.; new; 1421 Green. $2017 r. ; 793 Halght...$25 00
6 r.; nice: 215 Elm av 15J7 r.; 1810 Calif So 00
Br.: 918 Buchanan... 14|7 r.; 708 Hayes.... 37 50
100 other flats, cottages, houses. SPECK A
CO.. 667 Market St. ' ¦
BEST centrally located flats for small famlllea;
nice neighborhood; must be seen. Hanover
plsce. off Sacramento st.. above Powell.
FKLL. 524— Flats of 3 rooms and bath, $13;
also flats, 4 rooms, no bath. $9.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery.
t MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard: base-
ment; rent moderate. 1931. 1335. 1037 O'Farrell.
MODKHN upper Haf bf 7 rooms and basement.
1135 Geary St.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
BUNNY Hat, 4 rooms, bath. Off Howard st.,
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth. •¦¦¦¦-
BUNNY flat; 6 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements; large yard. 2812B Howard st.
TURK. 307— House or 7 rooms; can be used by 2
families; rent reasonable. 820% Jessie sL
3 MODERN flats; 8 and 7 roome; yard; base-
mejit; rent moderate. 1931. . 1935," 1937 O'Farrell.
$7— SUNNY upper rear flat; no children. 70B
Lasklcst.. off Mission, near Ninth. J" ¦'>:¦*
7-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows; all
modern Improvements. 4l7Vfr Third st.
; FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
A MOST desirable sunny' 5-room flat, partly
furnished ; - garden, basement, - etc. : 1 all mod-
ern conveniences. . 741 Castro st., near Twen-
tleth: references required. ¦
• FURNITURE FOR j SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak'for $4S EO/wlth No.
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.:: Ut7-U31 Murket.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. . LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. ¦¦¦ 77J Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
TV. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture/carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN _"c6?^.?!!^PIWN_rGRA3?T"rS5
HOTEL- DEPARTMENT
Head- waitress, citjr $25; 3 waitresses, city,
$2i); 2, waitresses, Sacramento. ?25; 2 wait-
resses, first-class resort : chambermaid, same
place (see party here 10:30); 6 waitresses, dif-
ferent commercial hotels. $20; 2 chambermaids
to wait, city, $20; 2 chambermaids, $17 50 and
$15; 2 fancy ironers, $30 and found; 4 restau-
. rant waitresses, $6 and $7; 2 lunch waitresses,
50c; dinner waitress 60c. ».
FAMILY ORDERS
3 young nursegirls, $15 each, nothing else to
do; 25 housegirls, city and country, $15 to $25;
in fact all girls looking for«positlons call and
register with C. R, HANSEX & CO.. 104
Geary st. ';¦--.
WANTED- Colored maid and housekeeper. $30,
country: 2 chambermaids. $6 week and $1" 50;
2 Scandinavian cooks.. $30; cook, hotel, $35: 1
waitresses $20, and chambermaid $20, same
hotel; Gorman laundress, $25. resort; German
nurse. $25; French nurse. JI0; «econd girls. $20,
J25; ironers for laundries, $25, $30; restaurant
waitresses, $6 and $7 a week; cook, plain
wash, $30; some splendid country places, $2o:
waitresses for city boarding-houses, '$20; gov-
erness, teach music. $25. J. F. CROSETT,
216 Sutter st.
TWO cooks, $30. American family; second gljl,
$25; chambermaid and seamstress, $25; wait-
ress, $20; nurseglrl, $15; nursegirl, one child
and light second work. $20; 60 girls for cooking
and housework," $25 and $30. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
A REFINED nurse, grown children, $25; must
understand music and sewing. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st. . .
A — COOK, lumber camp, $30; hotel cook, coun-
try. $35: city. $30; restaurant cook, $35, good
place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES: country. ~~ ~~
2 CHAMBERMAIDS; country.
10 GIRLS; gen. housework; city, country; $25.
2 COOKS: city; $25.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market.
4 DRESSMAKERS, first-class, at once. BUSI-
XESS WOMAN'S CLUB, 927 Market, st.
WANTED— First-class saleslady who thorough-
ly understands retail crockery and china-
ware buHlness; good rermanent position in
Sacramento to the right party; give experi-
ence, references and wages expected. Box
2104. Call office.
NEAT, energetic, wideawake girl to sell sweet-
heart gum in city; salary and commission;
permanent. NEWTON GUM CO.. 508 Front.
YOUNG girl about 15 years old to work in fam-
lly of two. Apply 327 Fourth et.
LADY for offlce who wishes to learn bookkeep-'
ing, shorthand, etc. : also seamstress and gov-
ernesg. Apply 2007 Flllmore St.. a. m. only.
WANTED— An Improver for dressmaking;
come prepered for work. Call at 1330 Grove
St., near Broderiek.
WANTED— Decided, pereeverine woman, with
knowlege of business methods, to travel. Box
2106. Call office.
WANTED— Finisher and sklrtmaker. Apply
rooms 85-97 Murphy building, 1236 Market st.
A. SIMIXOFF.
WANTED— Young girl for cooking and down-
stairs work; German or Swedish preferred.
2197 Howard st.. between 9 and 12.
WANTED— Saleslady In ladies' furnishing
goods department between 9:S0 and 11 a. m.
& JACOBS. 1478 Market st.
GIRL to do general housework; no washing;
wages *2<X 1 Scott at.
WANTED— First-class fitter on cloaks and
suits at E. Meesager'e cloak store, 145 Post st.
GIRL to assist in family; no children. 5O4V4
Devisadero st. '
GIRL for housework and cooking; $15 month.
1117 Van Neas ave. |
GIRL about 15 years old to assist In delicacy
kitchen. Inquire 125 Fifth Bt.
GIRL for light housework; sleep at home. 1323
Lsffuna st.
GIRL, about 15, to help take care of baby; sleep
home. 233 Larkin st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; 3 in family.
4 Hoii'.s, t-t., bet. Ellis and O'Karrell.
WANTED — Woman to assist in general house-
work; was es $15. £33 Pace st.
GIRL to mind baby; sleep home. Restaurant,
233 Sixth tt.
YOUNG girl wanted In bakery at 1510 Turk st.
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and
cooking; wages $15; references. 1129 Pierce st.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36Vi Fremont St.; elevator.
WANTED — A girl for general housework In a
small family. 524 Oak st.. near Webster.
GOOD finisher on pants. 604 Mission St..
room 5.
WANTED— Girl at dressmaking; a good hand
and Improver. 940B Folsom St.
LADY to manage first-class rooming-house on
Ellis st. Apply S37 Mission at.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. Apply
9 to 12 a. m.. 101S Green st.; car fare paid.
APPRENTICE for tailoring; paid while Iearn-
lng. 273 Minna st.
WANTED — Young girl to help with housework;
wages $3. 1S-10 Greenwich St., cor. Laguna..
ELDERLY woman, help housework, mind baby.
311 Day et., near Twenty-ninth and Sanchez.
WOMAN for housework; wages $15 month. 1021
Van Ness ovc.
WANTED— Girl for light housework. «41 De-
visadero St., from 10 to 12.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice on custom-
made coats. 410 Kearny st. t room 27.
STENOGRAPHER wanted— By a firm employ/-
in? a number of young women in that capa-
city; applicant must be experienced in taking
dictation and in speed and be willing to start
at the bottom of the ladder; compensation $30
per month, with increase every year; hours
from 8 to 12 and 1 to 6. Please give full par-
ticular* about previous experience and address
X. Y. 2.. box 474. Call. ¦__
GIRL for light housework; no washing*. 2808
Twenty-fourth Bt.
WOMAN tn wash and iron; hand laundry;
steady wcrk. 11a Ccrbett ave., nr_ Doug.ass st.
OPERATORS and flniehers on gent*' dress
shirts; steady work. Rogerson's, 535 Valencia.
FIRST-CLASS talloresses on custom pants;
steady work; good pay. 411V4 Kearny st.,
top floor.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or young girl; care for
2 children and sleep home; small wages. Ap-
ply 1SU7 Stockton st.
HAIRDRESSER wanted; good wages. At
COSG ROVE'S. H16 Polk St.
YOUNG girl for light housework; a good home.
32S Eddy st. -
WANTED — An apprentice girl on custom coats.
927 Market St., room 623.
WANTED— Coat operator; good salary. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland. .
WANTED— Ladies' clothes ironer; no night
work. Standard I— undry. 114 Hayes et.
GIRL about 16 to attend office and assist In
laundry. Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes st. -
GIRL to assist in housework; no small chll-
dren; wages $10. 1527 Geary st.
GIRLS. GIRLS. ~ GIRLS.
Highest waees paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32M Fremont.
LADIES wnnted— To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to 8 .weeks to complete: day and
evening class: Illustrated catalogue and map
of rlty mailed free; hatrdresslng taught In 4
weeks MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay >t • ¦
FEW 'ybung ladles to Join night school; low
rate*. Ayres' Business College. - 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisement!* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for th<» reception of adver-
tlsemertn and subscription* has been opened
at 12?3 Polk rt. Open till » p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call'Vidvertlsementn and
cubiicrlptlons has been established at 1C96 Va-
lenrl.i «f- ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE. .
AT C. R. HANSEN -CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Wanted- for the Coast It. R »..'.Freo fare
Teamsters... $2 a dny
Laborers ; .....J2 a day
Mi n to build fences $2 a day
. ......FREE FARE FREE FARE
10 laborers • for ¦ H. It. Company work. $2 a
day, board U f>0 n week; free fare .".
'" 20 railroad teamsters and laborero for San
Luis Oblspo County; free fare
20 muckers. $2 tV) a <1ny; 10 . muckers. $2 a
day; 10 hammersmen, $2 n dny; "0 woodsmen
and , laborers. $2fl ; to* $38 and board; 10 men
' to handle grain, 2Jc an hour; 20 farmers. $2G
to $30 and'-board: choremen, milkers and
others. C. R. HAN3EN ft CO.. 104 Geary at.
A— MEAT and pastry cook, country hotel. tZS;
meat cook, country hot*!,' $."0 and fare ad-
vanced; cook andhelpers, country hotel, $75;
vepetable | cook, I country hotel, UO; 20 dish-
washers, potwosrmrs and kitchen hands. $20.
$25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN .& CO., 104
Geary st: ' > -. ..
MAN and wife; cook; dishwasher; boarding-'
house. ' ¦ ¦• --.•¦¦ \- 1 ¦ ¦. . .- . '¦ , -, ¦: -
FARM hand; $20 f found.'
RTARLEMAN and wife; $150 and lunch. :
BUSINESS WOMAN' 3 CLUB, 927 Market st.
2 JAPANESE cooks: 'city; and country. i
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market St.
WANTED— A man helper kitchen for an
institution; short distance; $30. MRS. NOR-
TON,- 313 Sutter st. ¦ . »
HELP WANTED — MALE. :
A— MURRAY & READY PhonTa-_nTsS«
..Leading EmDloyment and Labor Agents..
.Want 7 a. m. To-day
............ MECHANICAL HELP
";¦?., r - makers . Englneera, Pipefitters
2 boiler- makers. for a larce Co W t>0 day
engineer and pipefitter, city.. ii day
fJl?J r i eer i vlne yard and wineryV.j- & fd
\vheelwriKht. country shop, U 25 fare..»M & fd
blacksmith for lumber company.. tea and fd
12 blacksmiths. Including camps shops.
JS^and^ad^.. 1 ?!!^.".-..^:.* 40 ' ~ *°*
6 drillers and harnmermen.".".'.'.' i'llay
wheelwrights and woodworkers "city " and
country; machine blacksmith, J3 50 day car-
rlajre trimmer; boys to work in machine shop;
also boys for factory and to learn t-ades
FREE FARE for S. P. R. R.WOUK '
50 laborers and teamsters. Jl 75 _ $•> day
15 s,lnirle-hand and machine mlner?473 & fd'
10 gold miners. Placer Co J75
furnace men $3; and 160 '
82 laborers, no experience required. $60 and id
50 muckers $75 and $6i>
175 laborers, city and country, $1 75 and $2
day; 250 teamsters, city and all parts of Cal..
11 75 and $2 day and $30 and }35 and found; !)
laborers, Alameda Co., 25c fare..)35 and found ;
10 2 and 4 horse teamsters, free fare, see boss
FARMS, "i> AIR IBS* " ORCHARDS! " STABLES*.
Buggy washer. $5G: S stablemen, city and
country, $50. $40, $35 and $25 and found; ljO
farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $25 to $35
and found; milkers, city and country. $30 and
$35; butter makers, choremen, etc; gardener;
25 haymakers. $1 25 day •
15 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb and
work among vines, hoe. etc.. $17 50 and found.
30c fare ••• -•••
farmer and wife, Sonoma Co. ...$10 and found
'sheepherders, chore boys •••••
WE PAY YOUR FARE TO SAW MILLS
AND WOOD3
25 common laborers, no experience required.
$26 to $40 and found: also lumber pliers, bark
peelers $40 and found; crosscut sawyers, Jaelc-
screwefs. band Eawyers. screw turners, gang
edgermen. In fact we want help of every de-
scription for sawmills, woods, etc.. JSO. $.J.
$90. $120. $60. $50. $«0. $30 and lound; jS4 wood-
choppers.- tiemakers. tools and food found,
some at mines. $3. $2 50. $2. Jl 60. $1 and .oc
5°men " to 'truck' 'and'handie" 'grain for ware-
house * 2 °° day
boys "to "drive* bakery wagons, etc. .$20 _ fd
boy to drive delivery wagen, city, $a ween
and board; young man. drive butcher wagon,
i go^-TH-E-K PSI?TY6NS"T"O6" NUMEROCS
TO ADVERTISE", come down and read bill
boards. MURRAY & READY. 631-636 Clay st:
A— HOTEL. LAUNDRY and other help
IS cooks city and country hotels, restaurants,
etc., $60. $40 and $23 and found
ranch cooks. $15 to $25 and found
second and third bakers, also helpers; porter,
city and country: 10 waiters, $25 and $30 and
found: ironera, country laundries, $_ to $•»
and found •• 'l'V"j
3 waiters, mine boardlng-house.$30 and found
night Bteward: also porters, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-633 Clay St.
MAN and wife, private family, $J0; gardener,
$30 to $33; milkers, $30. fare refunded; 4
etablemen. $23. $30 and $30; boy for ranch, $13
month: farmers. $26 and $30; 6 blacksmiths,
$2 50. $3 and $4 day: blacksmith helper: 2
drivers for milk wagons, $25 and board and
$45; slaughter-house and shop butch»rs: har-
nessmaker, $2 £0 day; toolmaker. $3 day: 3
cabinetmakers. $2 75 day; miners, laborers
for mill and woods and woodsmen. $26 to $»
and found, fare advanced; bark peelers. $40
and board and many others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 62* Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cooks. $12, $10. $S week, $35. $30. $23
month; waiters, $8, $8. $7 week. $35, $33. $:i
month; Rood waiter, 7 hours' work, first-class
place, $25 month; bell boy, $13; elevator boy.
$20 end found; dishwashers, pantrymen,
porters; saloon porter. $30; other hotel help.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. C2S Sacramento St.
WANTED— Choreman about gentleman's place,
ehort distance in country. $*> Per month and
found; choreman on ranch near city, $25 and
board; farmer for bean ranch In Contra Cos-
ta County, $30 and board
6 farmers for hay field In Sonoma County,
$1 15 per day and board; hayine hands near
city, $1, $1 is and $1 25 per day and board;
milkers. *25 and $30; stableman on- ranch. $25
and found, and others; German or Scandina-
vian sailor to- clean about saloon in city. $20
and board. W. L>. EWER — CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— Porter for flrst-cla-'s saloon In city.
$30 per month and board. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay tt.
WANTED— Engineer for mine. $2 10 per day;
amalgamator for gold mining company, see
party at our office. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
MAN and wife to take charge of a kitchen;
hotel: $50. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. JesMe 152.
WANTED — Competent retail grocery salesman;
gcod position to right party: give age. refer-
ence and experience. Box 21C3. Call office.
WANTED— Clerical assistance: man acquaint-
ed with wholesale druggist or grocery trade;
.state price, own handwriting. Box 1S33, CalL
WANTED — Men and women to learn barber
trade; only two months required. CORDON
Barber Cclleee, 417 N. Main St.. Los Angeles.
WANTED— Hoy to help In fruit store; $2 per
week with board and room. 432 Courtland ave.,
Berna! Heights.
WANTED— Steady man with $75: can make $13
p«r week above expenses; light work; perma-
nent place. 1016 Market St.. room 10.
• WANTED— Good man to drtve milk wagon: J50
and room. 2200 Point Lobos ave., corner Elev-
enth ave.
BTTRHELMAN for fine tailoring. Apply 26
Montgomery St., rooms 1 and 2.
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry store; must work
nights; state references. Box 2101. Call of nee.
YOUNG waiter for small restaurant. 78 Ninth
etrcet.
EXPERIENCED young man for wine house;
references. Box 4593. Call office.
BARBER wanted; middle-aged man: short
hours. 904 Bryant ct.. near Seventh.
GOOD tailor wanted for bushllng at 625 Com-
mercial st.
CLERK in grocery store. Apply between 9:30
and 11 o'clock a. m. at 2133 Polk at. -
WANTED— Barber at 300 Golden Gats ave..
corner Hyde st. -
BOY to learn printing; $3 per week. Apply
613 Filbert St.
WANTED— Barber: steady and some extra for
Saturday at 652 Sacramento st.
YOUNG German man for dishwasher. 1241
Market st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1205 Flllmcre «t.. near
Turk.
WANTED— Second cook. $3 a week. 1C5 Cali-
fornia Market. California restaurant.
cBaTMAKER wanted on custom coats; good
pay; steady work. S33 Natoma Bt.
COOK. 207 Third st.
WANTED— A good lunch waiter at 50 East st.
WANTED— Milk wagon driver. 1037 Va-
lencla st. ;
J150—4-CHAIR barber shop; a trial given. Ap-
ply 1542 Market st.
1028 HYDE— Barber shop for sale.
BARBERS— Old-established 4-chalr shop for
sale; cheap. Apply after 3 p. m., Sll Larkin.
WANTED— Man and wife to work on fruit
farm near Petaluma: wages $30 per month.
Apply 3625 20th St., near Valencia, Wednesday
morning. 11 o'clock. L. E. THOMPSON.
GOOD farmer can find steady all-year-round
work. Inquire Pacific Nursery, corner Baker
and Lombard sts.
I JAPANESE cooks: city; country: $15 and $20.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. S27 Market it.
RANCH hand: year's Job; $10 and found.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
WANTED— A man and wife on ranch. Ad-
dress box 1S48. Call office.
'WANTED— Second cook: also a kitchen man.
U. 8. Hotel. 123 Eddy st.
WANTED— Coat operator; good salary. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland.
BARBER shop in good mining town: shaving
25c; for sale at a bargain. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 10C Ellis st.
BARBERS— Long-estab. shop for sale cheap;
bett reasons. 427 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
WANTED^-Coatmaker or good bushelman: roan
who understands his trade; steady job; young
mun preferred. J. F. ENGLISH. San Mateu.
WANTED—A good cake baker. 111-113 Larkin
_ street.
BARBERS— Wanted second-hand modem na-
tures. 1004 Mission St.. above Sixth.
TO tailors — KHInbt.- lesaons iclven by experi-
enced cutter: satisfactory references given;
terms reasonable. Box 45S9. Call.
GET your shoe* half-soled while waiting; £>c
to COc.. 562 Mission »t.. beU 1st and 2d uta.
WASTED — Man qf good character: deliver and
'" collect for old established manufacturing
house: $900 n yenr and expenses guaranteed.
Address MANUFACTURER, third floor, 331
Dearborn st.; Chicago.
BARBERS— About $300 required for unusually
¦ fine opportunity to open a hotel and barber
shop tn new town In, San Joaquln Valley;
building can be had for $20 month: don't miss
this chance. P. STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
MAN to openoysters and make hlrcself gener-
ally useful around the kltchep. Cafe Zlnk-
and. !>27 Market »t. /
WANTED— Valet; Edward Langer preferred.
Address WM. I. I'lXLET. corner O'Fnrrell
' and Powell sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
, price. &62 Mission st..' bet. at and 2d sts.
HELP WAXTED-MALB.
WANTED—Recrulta for the United State*
Mirlrie Corps. V. 3. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between th«
aces of ll and 33 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over S reet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of tbe United States or per-
sons who bave legally declared their Inten-
tion? to become citizens; able to read, writs
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
OfSce 40 Kill* st.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
' E.W K*st.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
oulres six to eight weeks; day and evening
cla**' special inducements this season; only
institution In the world teaching this trade:
mlo of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
J?e£ MOLEP.S BARBER COLLEGE. «_.
Clar st.
WANTED— Laborers and me~"can!ca ta know
that Ed Rolkin. R»no House proprietor, at!!!
runs Denver Irouse. 217 Third *t. : O Iarg9
roo3-.s: tic r »rt:lght: tt to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barberingr and halrcJressing at 8.
F." Barber School. "41A Howard st.
GENTLKMEN'!* fnits to order. $1 per week, at
c'a«h prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 K>arny.
SAILORS, ordinary »eamen snd green hands:
all part* of world. - HF,RMAN'3. M St»u»rt.
BOY 14 to IS: make himself generally useful
in factory. 713 Market »t.. ror.m S3.
PENSIONS— OEO. D. CAMPBKLL. lawyer: 18
- , years' practice: Examiner bids.
WINCHESTER Hotel. <? Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. — c nfght: reading room: fre«
'bun and bur cage to and from tbe '"• ~ .
L1NDELL Houw. corner Sixth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to J5e r*"' nieht: 75c to 12 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrtptfons
received at Call branch offlce. 220O Flllmore/ St.
CLAFSIFIEn advertisements ar.d snbscrlptlor*
received at Call branch offlce. 2230 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH o'fV* for Call advertisement* and
rub?crlptto3s«has been e«tabllsaed at 1M3 Va-
IIORSBS. UVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Howe Market.
l?7 Sixth »t.; auction sales every Wednesday.
P1TLLIVAN * nOYT.T?. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine .lraft and driving horse* at l«t
and 1«» Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also torn' fine matched blaok teams.
FOR sale— Sixty-six head of mules, 4 and J
years old. Address WM. McGANN. Merced.
Cal. '
BUSINESS horse, ranch horse. 5 sets business
and wagon harness; also & wagons, cheap. 21
City Hall ave^
FOR sale— Fln» doctor's team; 8 and 7 years
old. DALZ1_L. vet. dent.. «0J Golden Gate av.
J. SI. CANTY ha* removed hi, no h-.rs-* ?¦>
?170 Market st. : Castro-at. n»rs pa«s iti» rtoT.
hoi m:n to let.
A— PRINT— U list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. VMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
10 ROOMS; finished attic; t baths; furnace;
fine Pacific Heights home: complete; SSi to
right parties. Hox 21C2. Call office.
LACUNA. 171"-1717— 8 rooms each and bath.
modern, sunny: convenient: rent reduce»L
LOST AICD rOl\D.
LOST— A 1300 Cleveland rc;cer bicycle, Na
23,259; extension bar. Brooks saddle. Ileward
at 309 Larkin st.
LOST— A parrot, with yellow head. Return
to 120V4 Geary st.. receive liberal reward.
LOST— Hrotrn water spaniel; liberal reward..
H2CC California st.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONXKLL, the world-renowned
ladle»* specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
caee» successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at,
lfc—H Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly of 401 Van Nws, returned
from Europe with advanced knowledge: treat-
ment JS: i; years' successful practice in S. F. :
maternity home; low fees. 10C7H Market st.
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist: 25 yra.
practice; home in confinement: treatment at
office J.>; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. <M2 Pest et.. bet. Hyde and LarSctn.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10K Market: ladi-*' spe-
cialist: treatment at offlce. $.'>: consultation
free; hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 257.
DR an.i MRS DAVIES. 1-8 II arlcet: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lai*
scientific methods: treatment. J5.
PRIVATE ronflnement home: best care; phy-
sician: English and German spoken: tirmi
reasonable. 82S Castro st.. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' sDeciallst— Treat-
men at office. Li: consultation free. 1122 Alar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
DR. NO TOT KEE. late of Canton. China: dis-
eases of all kinds cured: h«rbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento, cor. Kearny: advice free.
DR. F. FRANK, ladles' physician: call oa
physician with man's knowledge. 1019 Laguna.
VI-VI— DR. WISE *: CO.. the ladies' special-
ists. HIS Market St.; 15 up.
MRS. SCHWARTINO. midwife; private horns
in confinement for ladles. 510 Eddy at.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment. IX.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Prlvatt bom»
in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all d!s-
easen of th» human body. Hi Ma»on st.
.MEDICATED BATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nerrou* troubles: ladies' department
removed to "Tb« Bellevne." Van Nesa are..
epp St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CON A NT. 47 Post.
~ METAPHYSICS.
GRADUATE of National School Mental. Mag-
netic healing. Dr. Lasswell.14 McAlllster.r.:4.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH _ WOLPMAX. 135--7 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear «t.
BARS, back bara. mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters. linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we aJwars
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
52 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
-we ran ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 1023 Mission at., above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
LADY'S 10- karat, gold-filled American watch
for *7: cost »14- UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
WE cent full-dress and Tuxedo sulta for {3 M.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale — About 40 or W icaHons good country
milk. Country Dairy. 507 Sixth st.. Oakland.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Post st.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressace prepaid. 13 20; noth-
ing on case to indicate contents; twice the
price could buy no better: mall orders- solic-
ited. F. EPHUAIM & CO.. IS Montgomery.
ONE extra fine quality, double, 1 outer and 1
inner. I compartments, fire and burglar proof:
bank vault; made in sections for convenience
in shipping and for setting up; will setl at x
bargain for cash. Box 1SS0. Call offlce.
BARBER fixtures and furniture; 2-chaJr outnt
complete: must be sold at once at a'aacrtflco.
Inquire room 614. Call bldg.
AUTOMATIC WIllcox _ Glbbs sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1313 Mission st..
near Fifteenth. . -_
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
J1C0: concert records. J2 50. BACIOALUPL
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
6 SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand, in good
condition, for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
A— {3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Pcp-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
ONE 3 EL P. 220 volt motor; standard make- al-
most new; cheap. WHITE. ;i6 Mission st.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 3th and 10th.
1—0— SLOOP yacht: length 35 feet, beam 14- S
rooms: !n good condition. . Inquire at 4 Li
Twenty-eighth st. ¦-..-¦;
A FINE suit. 110: dress pant*. 12 73. MIS~IT
CLOTHING PARLOP.9. 437 Montgomery st.
HIGH-ARM Singer »ewin K machine-, good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. _ th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron anj w<x*l
planers; lathes; Id-hand. J. Rurke. 130 Denle.
A r , NKW _ StanJ ar<l Typewriter: latest model;
fheap. Typewriter Exchange. 40a California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bousht
_and_»old__\V. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market at.
Kfl ' rbal l k ! 1 "'ale and fire and burz-
__l_l r l_? ; n^,J^J[aMfornia »t.
S \! P aT^ N L'V"S n ? ****** »>and. THK HER-
MANN 8AFR COW 417-43 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; I Ore and burg-
lar proof waje; cheap. 4; Main st.
-wTSJ^-tSS? »<™nd hand; all slies, TUB
v*ALI/. SAf K l(P-m Market »t.. San Fran.
ONK 4-*idcd *t!cker; 1 planer and matcher: I
air compressor: 5 Tnof> m .,tivea. S3) Fremont.
>nSCKI,LA.\EOfS AVA.VTS.
TK ?T~"» fte r or ' 1 - n * n «' "Prtpbt piano for
ca»U. U. L, WIIITEHEAD. 1710 Market it.Continued from Page Bight.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May *— Schr
Fannie Dutard. from Ventura.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
GENOA— Arrived May «— Stmr Kaiser Wil
helm II. from New York, via Naples.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed May 8— Stmr Werra,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May S— Stmr Ultonla,
for Boston.
NEW YORK— Sailed May. 8— Stmr Kaiser
"Wilhelm der Grosse. for Bremen, via Cher
bourg and Southampton.
AUCKLAND— Arrived May »-Br »tmr
Moana. hence April 1?.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 8-Stmr Ethiopia,
from Glasgow.
LIZARD — Passed May 9 — Stmr Saale. from
New York, via Cherbourg: and Southampton,
for Bremen. "'
1 . . . '
THE SAIs" FRANCISCO CALL, WEDISTISDAY, MAT 9, 1900.
11
REAL. —STATE COUNTRY — Fo* Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms In the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
Is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms ranse in etze from 10 to
40 acres and now sold to Induce immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; hom«-
teekers will never regret securing one of the»e
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est In market; good society, good schools (in-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; 2
railroad trains dally from San Francisco;
water for irrigation when desired; superior to
Southern California for raistng all kinds of
cltrun fruit, recently ro pronounced by lead-
ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the suserlor soils and all other advan-
tages named, will be sold at prices far below
those asked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence; then? Is no more
independent life than the small diversified
farmer's; the farms sold before the panic
have become tleveloped and are paying annu-
ally as much as $100 per acre; you can leave
Fan Francisco on 8 a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Esnarto, and back to San Francisco
early tho tame evening; you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes, Esparto, to show you the
landv. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
KISKE. Woodland. Cal.
A SPLENDID stock farm of 600 acres near this
city and convenient to two towns, S. P. R.
R., also Valley Road: Contra Costa County;
a choice piece of grata land; a portion farm-
ing; great abundance of running water and
many springs: fine residence; large barns and
outbuildings; about 20 acres in bearing orch-
ard find vineyard: a complete stock farm
and ideal home; will carry 150 head of cattle;
price $20 per acre to close an estate; must be
sold: Fee it and make offer. H. H. CRANE,
ECS California st.
BARGAIN: $450— 160-acre homestead; worth
$2500; near Salinas: 2 mllea from • largest
hoet-sugar fnctory In world and 2 railroads:
6C0 cords wood; team, wajron-houne: beautiful
stream water for Irrigating alfalfa, veg'S-
taWes; good for hoes, poultry, fruit, berries,
honey, summer home. Call at 510V4 Her-
mann Et.
STOCK and grain ranch for sale In Colusa
County: 1249 acres: $10 per acre; 600 grain,
rest hill land. M. S. CHANDON, Marys-
vine. Cal. ¦'
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each ¦ of the
1000 ranches on my SALE AND EXCHANGE
lift. N. D. SICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
10 Geary st.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
MILL Valley; house and lot cheap; on account
of departure. Box 420. Call office.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. .
BUSH, 1408— Floor of 3 rooms and bath; fur-
nished for housekeeping.
CLAY, 2421, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; rent $7,
EDDY. 604 — Sunny corner suite, with kitchen,
gas stove, for housekeenins.
EDDY. 917— Pleasant, Funny, connecting house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; private res.
ELLIS. MS— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms, well
furnished: pleasant; convenient; also other
elegant rooms.
FIFTH. 31?— Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap. '•
GEARY. S139i— Furnished or unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping: private family.
GROVE, 101— Two rooms for light housekeep-'
Ing.
HARRISON, 735 — 4 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; bath; rent $10.
HATES. 4G1— Flat 6 rooms, bath. $37 50. Call
from 2 to 4 p. m. ; convenient for doctor or.
lady in business.
KEARNY. 104— Front suite (2 unfurnished
rooms). $10; two front suites (4 rooms), $18. .
OAK, 64— Sunny furnished or unfurnished
room* for housekeeping.
OAK, Ip— Sunny basement room; furnished for
housekeeping; yard; separate entrance; $1.
O'FARRELL, 742—3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor. $1S, $20.
POLK. l«20— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms;
range and bath; garden.
POST. 418, near Powell— 2 or 3 sunny, com-
pletely furnished housekeeping rooms; rent
reasonable.
SCOTT. 1723— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $8 or $10 month.
STEVENSON. 651—2 sunny cl*>an furnished
housekeeping rooms; also cellar and yard.
TWO large, sunny front rooms, kitchen and
bedroom, furnished complete for housekeeping;
furniture all new; $1 50 to 52 50 per week; two
different suites, difference in size.* Apply at
shoe store. 562 Mission, bet. First and Second.
TWELFTH. 12, near Market— Two rooms suit-
able for housekeeping; rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. * •
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," 224 Bush St., ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
AT S27 Howard — Changed hands; respectable;
newly renovated; single, double and house-
keeping rooms; $1 ud.
BURNETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. 1384)-Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave. — Sunny cornet: well furn.: rms. & offices.
CLEMENTINA. 50— Nicely furnished rooms.
ELLIS. 639. corner Larkin— Sunny furnished
room, with mantel, for light housekeeping:
FOLEOM. $65, cor. 6th— (The Oliver)— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
GEARY, 371—2 nicely furnished rooms; terms,
very reasonable.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ste.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' 'parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission et.-Select
family rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, SIS — Rooms from $1 week up to $5:
25c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
JONES. 609— Parlor suite or single rooms; new
and nicely furnished; sunny all day; bath;
suitable for gentleman: nrlvate home.
MARKET. 765— Nicely furnished rooms by the
day, week or month.
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1220— Large sunny alcove room;
water, grate, gas; also single.
OAK, 3S5 — Nicely furnished, large, sunny front
room with private family; gas; bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 224 — Nicely furnished, sunny
rooms; modern improvements.
POST, 239 — Finest transient rooms in city;
phone Main 1760; elevator; hot and cold water.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
RINGOLD. 32 — For one or two ladles; no other
roomers.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis ft.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 E0; week. $2
to IS; month. $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
EHERMAN Apartment House. x23 Eighth It.
near Market— Furnished and unfilrnlshed,
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRD. E14Vi. $6: 2 large unfurnished rooms;
rear of barber shop; side entrance.
VAN NESS ave.. 401B— One or two nicely fur-
nished rooms: sunny upper flat; modern and
centrally located. . ¦ ¦ ¦
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 3 p. m. -^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IMS Va-
l gn< ** a w t. .^^_^_ _._ :
ROOMS AND BOARD.
NEW family hotel; first-class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. 807 California ' St., Occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.'
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; $25 up.
EDDY. 724— Large front room, suitable for 2;
with or without board.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 616 Taylor— Renovated:
eultes.and single rma.; sunny; excellent table.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
SUNNY room, with board; gas; hot, cold water;
private family: no children: gent only; $20;
references. Box 1895, Call office.
VAN NESS ave., 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board : furnished and unfurnished: $20.
rooms wanted;
WANTED — Light, sunny room, furnished; een-
tral; no stairs; state price. Box .1852. Call.
LADY desires 'sunny room, rent $8. where she
can do light cooking. X., 1096 Valencia »t
It UAL ESTATE—CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN _ CO..
14 Montgomery St.
AUCTION. AUCTION. AUCTION.
AUCTION. AUCTION. AUCTION.
AUCTION. AUCTION. AUCTION.
AUCTION. AUCTION. AUCTION.
At Our Salesroom MONDAY. May 14th. 1900.
At 1_ o'clock _soon.
The following piece to be offered without
limit or reserve: lbll Sacramento St., near Lar-
kin: 2-story bay-window house of 11 rooms and
bath; brick loundatloti. Etone walks, etc; lot
i l'7:6i.HS.
Executor's Sale.
The two following properties, subject to con-
firmation by the court:
No. 1.
1404. 1404V*. MC6 and 1406Vi Folsom St.. 280 anil
2S4 Teeth st. : etore and 5 flats of 4, 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; rent* $110 per month:
brick foundation: cement walk; both streets
accepted; let SOxlOO with L 25x25.
No. 2. .- ..'-.- -¦;'-.+
Folsom Ft., NW. line, near Tenth st. ; choice
building lot 27:6x100.
Bryant -st. Investment.
E32 and 532^ Hryant st.. betwaen Third and
Fourth: I flats cf i and 6 rooms each; rents
$23; street accepted; lot 25xS0.
Harriet-Pt. Investment.
S36. S3S and S40 Harriet n.. near Bryant: 6
flats of 3 rooms each; rents *43 per month; brick
-cundation; Ftreet accepted; lot 25xS0.
Welsh-st. Investment.
36 Welsh St.. near Fourth; 7 tenements of 3
rooms each; rents Jill 50 per month; street ac-
cepted; lot SOxSO.
Welsh-st. Investment.
SO 'Welsh Bt., near Fourth: 3 flats of 3 rooms
I each: rents $24 per month; street accepted; lot
20x67:6.
Administrator Pale.
154 and 154H Silver St.. between Third- and
Fourth Ets.; 3 flats of 3, 4 and 4 rooms each;
rents $30 per month; street accepted; lot 22:6x
75; subject to confirmation by the court.
Refere» Pale.
82 Clara Ft., near Fourth; 2-story house, of 7
rooms; arranged for two families; street ac-
cepted; lot 25x75; subject to con_rmatlon by the
court.
MissJon-st. Business Property.
2339, 2941 and '2943 Mission St., near Twenty-
Fixth; Improvements consist of 2 stores, 2 flats
and 2 houses; supplied by a good well of water
with windmill attachment; lot Coxllo to rear
alley.
Administrator Sale.
The two followinc properties, subject to con-
firmation by the court:
No. 1.
204-20S Chenery et., near Fairmount: 2 flats
cf 4 aad 5 rooms each: rents $20; lot 30x102, Ir-
regular.
No. 2. *
Chenery rt.. NW. line, near Fairmount; bulld-
lDg: lot, S3:3x.72, Irregular.
Foreclosure Sale.
170, 172. 172«± Clinton Park, between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth, Valencia and Guerrero
eta.; 2 flats or 4 and 5 rooms; rents f21 per
month: lot 23xC0.
For further particulars apply at our of flee,
' G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
BALDWIN & .HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$27,500— Pactflc-ave. residence; elegant modern
residence; 17 rooms, 3- baths; all arrangements
fcr an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
$63«— Octavia St.. near Broadway; 2-story
reridence of S rooms and bath; lot 2oxl37:6;
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
N SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st.. Treat
ave.. Thirteenth and Fourteenth sts., belnx
offered In subdivisions; call' at office and get
diagram; $1400 and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$40.000— Thlrd-st. corner; 137:6x137:6; store and
flats; good Improvements: rents $250.
$45,000— Folsom-st. corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages: rents $170; lot 100x87:6.
$11,000— Rents $113; Castro-st. corner; stores
and flats: lot f>i»xiO.
AN OFFER WANTED.
J325O— Ritch St.; 5 flats; rents $42 50: lot 22xS0.
$5000— Rents $65; Natoma et.. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 25x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7500 each — Facing Jefferson Square on La-
guna St.; special offering of several choice resi-
dences; get a diagram and particulars at ot-
flce.
J3C50— Sunset district; 2 handsome new mod-
ern residences; Just completed: 6 rooms and
bath and basement; lot 25x120: easy terms.
$11,000— Pine Bt., near Buchanan; good mod-
ern residence; 10 rooms and bath; up-to-date
plumbing, electric lights: lot 25x137:6.
VACANT LOTS.
$5000 — Van Nets avenue; corner; 32x109.
J15.000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:6xl27:Sii'
flne marine view; choice residence iot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250 — Mill Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic: large lot; will trade for
city property. BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
GAS AND WATER SERVICE.
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and
I sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth aves.; right
on the Park and the new Nineteenth-ave. bou-
levard; most of the lets already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly: flne investment; good
building lots; all ready: lots on official grade;
iracademized; plank sidewalks; 6 per cent In-
terest only.
SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes; elec-
tric cars pass the property; see this block at
once: go to our branch office to-day, cor. H st.
and Ninth ave.; price lists, etc., there or at our
olflce. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
G38 MARKET STREET.
BANKS PAY 3 1-3 PER CENT.
THIS PROPERTY PAYS
24 PER CENT
ON INVESTMENT OF
J2000 cash, balance mortgage at 6 per cent;
large, elegant hotel. 30 sunny rooms; cost
$9000 to build and $1000 furniture; lot 43:6
¦ xlOO: income absolutely guaranteed by
lease.
PATS 15 PER CENT.
13500— Rents $552 per annum: 6 flats on Welch
6t. t ne*r Fourth; lot 25x75 ft.
6OUTH OF MARKET BARGAIN.
$.3000— Key lot, 25x80. backing toward Howard
6t. ; 5 tenements, good condition; rents $32
per month.
SACRIFICED
FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
$1000— Reduced from $1250; cheapest lots In the
MlFsion; level, bitumen; street cars pass;
we can arrange to build any size house on
terms.
OTHER CHEAP LOTS.
$700— Clipper St.. near Noe: 26:SxlOO ft.
$1000— Lyon St., near Post; 23x100 ft.
$22iO-EW. cor., on Washington St.; 81x108 ft;
¦worth $4250.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$7500— Rents $780 per annum; large, elegant res-
idence 12 rooms, bath, billiard room, etc.;
t years' lease; lot 27:6x127:3 ft.; one-half
cash.
A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
$C000~Reduced from $7000; new house J rooms,
bath, billiard room, beautiful porcelain
tubs, mantelp, woodwork, frescoed dome
ceilings; Cole st., near Park Panhandle.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
* 638 MARKET STREET.
FOn SALE BY "
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
Fine lots on the north side of Fell St.. facing-
Golden Gate Park, 25x100: very cheap.
A northwest corner, 2S:I4xl00; both streets
bitumlnlzed; cannot be beat for sun and choice
locality: facing the Park Panhandle and on
the Fcll-st. boulevard.
Blx 25x103:11* feet lots; street bltumlni*ed;
car* at the corners : Golden Gate Park Pan-
handle one-half block away.
Corner on Hayes st., right near Park Pan-
handle and F<Ml-«. boulevard; 23x103:1^; cheap.
WANTED— At once: improved Income city
property; JI500 to $',000; for cash, at SPECK
& CO.'S. 6«7 Market st.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL, 1147 Mission st.
ONE Jot for sale; 25x65; south ride of Stevenson
et.. bet. Ninth and Tenth; price }2400. In-
quire 404 Ellis St.. room 6.
SNAP for people moderate means; house of. 2
flats, 4 rooms and bath each: Jones st.; rent
$28 month: no agents: $2600. Inquire J08A 10th.
$2000 — COTTAGE; 5 rooms; barn; flne view;
near Hyde and Lombard sts. Box 444. Call.
BKAL ESTATE — COUXTItY — For Sale
$2750— DESIRABLE country home; 20 acres
choicest fruit land; 1C00 almond and SO select
fruit trees -4 to 6 years old; new hard-finished
residence, barn »nd other buildings; excellent
well of water; new windmill; good school; de-
sirable neighborhood; by rail 1V4 hours from
San Francisco. Apply 32 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
JZ75O— 5 ACRES sandy loam; all In full bearing
assorted fruit: 1V4 story, 7-room. house and
basement: windmill, tank, frulthouse; chicken
houses, incubator, brooder, horse, harness,
buggy, plow, harrow, cultivator, small tools,
crcp; all go with the place; 20 minutes 1 walk
from postofflce. GEO. C. YOUNG. Petaluma.
REDWOOD timber lands on Big River, Mendo-
cino, in lota to suit; 640 to 10.000 acres. For
particulars address P. ROTHERMEL, 561
California ei.
MOSEY TO LOAN.
ANT propes.i:o:i. *uiy amount; 6 per cent: first.
f*-?.ond T.orteaKe*. estates in probate, interest
;n estatex, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
r.i-.rt!-acK>: confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSKX. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bisJg.
ANV M__8t at S per eent; 1st. Cd and Sd mort-
pape*. undivided Interest, real ostate in pro-
bate; mcrttaK?s and lega.de*> bought; no de-
lsy: cet my t?rms before doing business else-
trbrre. R UcCOLOAH. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place fo cblaln
ill-era i Rdvarces on diamondr. Jpwelry at low-
e«t rates. Baldwin Jewelry Sfre, M6 Market !
»t.; tel Main 1C44. Uranch 13 Third st. 1
HOST r«"i;ar-> place to borrow on diamonds, |
r.-atches. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
hithest price fcr eld cold, silver. £Umonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no re-n:ovj_ , low rates; confidential.
BO.VE1.U. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell St.
ON r<*al estate, 1st or 2nd mortcates, sund on
ferattsn or pianos; no removal; any amount;
'fwett rate*. DECKER & CO.. IS Montgomery.
AT 121 Kfjrny.rt., room ?, respectable private
r'-ace to borrow on watches, diamonds ; lowest
take elevator. Telephone Davis 933.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
ferric?; money <5irect; lowest Interest. Rooms
f-8 rr.d €9. Donohoe building, 1179 Market ct.
WANS made on furniture at l'» per cent; also
loan* to t-alaried p<>cp!e. HARSHBAP.GER.
"C2 _lhs et.. room 34.
MONEY leaned salaried people without security.
tins, —i 44_ Merchants* Exchnge. 4S1 Calif. '
TO sa!an<»il people; without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 221 Paxrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indor*.?!-. MORRELL. €08 Examiner building.
$.'.0 TO $ii).00i»; lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortBs.;
any proposition. PRTDEX. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, riarsos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICIC. 116 McAllister.
IF your property !s mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO nalaj-ied men without collateral or lndorser.
P. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL IXSTRUME.NTS.
A *cT IOIcST LfsT^OF~SNXpS?~
Email upright: rosewood $95
Arion; rcsewood 100
Weber: rcsewood 150
King-fbtiry; rr_.hoga_y ISO
Fterlinc; ebonized 200
Sterling; walnut 225
Sterling; large oak _ 245
Vose: walnut 250
Finest condition; warra_ted; very easy pay-
ments: pianos rented $3 up; tuning and cart-
age reasonable. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON,
16-1S-20 O'Farrell St.. Curtai building. Check-
ering Agency.
AS we represent th« beet make of pianos la
?very grade, from Eteinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
zner.ts are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whem you should
purchase; Dew upright pl_ao«. $6 cash. JS per
xnor.th: other pianos $3, $4 and $5 per month.
EHERMAN. CLAY «: CO.. Stelnway Dealers.
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. Ban Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
« BIO BARGAINS FOR
« DATS ONLY.
THE 2ENO MATTVAIS MUSIC CO.
769 Market rt.
ABSOLUTELY the clSert and largest nous*
*eFt of Chicaro Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
ft £S and 39 O'Farrell «t. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
ecfi prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible (Sc-6 to please and satisfy tho
customer.
EEE our barpalas this week; a flne upright. $150:
pood as new, original price 1500; Stelnways.
Hazletone, Hardmans at cut prices; also
»or.« fine Dewing Bro«. THE 3. DEWING
CO.. Flood building.
|:00. $150, JITS, J200 OR *725 will eectsre a rood
ria.no— it you come now. MAUVAIS", 763
Market ¦_
r'ECKER & SON cr Packard. If you want the
best.
Decker _ Sen or Packard beat all the rest.
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
WILL fell for *.tora»ie. upright. toO; Thos. Ball
rlano. f30: A. B. Cha.se. Stein way and
ether*. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
A BTEXXWAT *165; installments $3. |5. |7, $10;
rents t2 up. HEINE'S. 136 Ellis tt.
fOHNER & CO.. Byrcn Mauzy pianos. 80S to
SI! Post p_
A FEW days only— New pianos, 12 50 per mo.
ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
COO!? Fischer; gTeat bargain. SCHMIT^ 1«
McAllister et.. next Hlbernla Bank. j
KINE Fischer and Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1CU Van Ness ave.. nr. Geary st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st., agent for
Kr»r-i« Bz«on and K&llett Jl Davis pianos.
tt'PERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
Mr'.LE!'., maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
O7FIC-S A\C STORES — TO LET.
LARGE etore, corner Seventh aad Natoma;
ured 30 yrs ai> grocery and saloon: reasonable.
OIL PROPERTY.
ONE CENT PER SHARE.
Stock in a regular corporation, with genuine
-'¦•*¦-.•':.% and proven oil lands; non-assee-
Fable; business men of Los Angele« directors;
rpferencef. the commercial agencies; emallest
I lock sold 100 share?* send \\ or more for rtock;
F r nd 2- cents for circulars.
JUANITA OIL COMPANY.
:T3 N. Spring ft.. Los Angeles. Cal.
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neerpaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
l'alrr.iftry; r«-ad* 1 to 8. €H Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSOXALS.
WANTED— FtaWe rf race horses to train by
a man with 25 years' experience; I took a
rtstble o* race li<-TBes ' to England for Mr.
fambrook and won several large pur»«>s. Ad-
dr«-«s P. RICE, San Rafael. Cal.
•Tiara YUEN & CO.. 1115 Stockton St.. wish to
announce to the public that accounts due
th'm should not be raid to YOUNG WING.
He Is no longer In their employ.
FRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' «-xpi»ri»-nc-e. J. li. RAT. ZZ~ Jessie st.
FULL-DRESS and other euits bought; also old
rold. Part land Ixian OfSre, 25 Stockton ft.
[_DY with raying bufineps wishes to go to
Nome; references. Address box 1846. Call.
LEDERER nae» Qutntonle-a Hair Tonic to make
the hair gloc*>-, Soc bottl«\ and Foamo Sham-
poo to cleanse the eralp. 5c pkK- 123 Stockton.
AMATEUR phottcraphers— Save 50 per cent by
buteg your »crk done at Rembrandt Studio,
tr/i Market St., cor. Stockton; kodaks, S'txS^,
only 25c; no chare* for blank negatives; pro-
feygional advic* /ree.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser: price only
2:c; no extra charge for fancy hairdress'.ng;
has hut one price for plain or the most elab-
orate, coiffures. 123 Stockton et.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
«-ott's Curling Fluid: Sc bottle; druggists.
DFTE'TTIVE— Honorable; confidential: secrets
inviolate. AddreES bor 480, Call office.
V'IKS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
viee. _0 Market St.. second floor, room 87.
ELECTRIC ll«rhts la every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 100 rooms;
2£c to $1 50 per nlgnt; $1 60 to it per week;
free 'bus and baggare to and from the ferry.
LADIES' and cents' cast-off clothing bought and
fold. EHvcrman. PM Folsom: tel. Folsom U8L
f5 THOTOS for K per dozen at FOWZER'S.
I14S Market st.. near Taylor. ¦¦__
AN elegant rait for tit 75 from Imported or do-
rrestlc remnants L. LEMOS. 1117 Market St..
between Seventh and Eighth. »
CAFT-OFF elorhinR, old gold and sllrer bought;
«ecd po«!_l. COLEMAN'S. SOS Kearny st.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden st.. Oakland.
JK you w!*h full value for your cast-off cloth-
ink ""all on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. Biack 4123.
ALAKKA fur pnrmentp. hoods. Ljlttr. leather
coat*. H. M. HEINEMAN. 1W Sar-»;»roe at.
A V.-EHK 7 ? news fcr I cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pzKett. in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
? riioTounArmc sltpliks.
WE lean kodak* tree; photo supplies: Backus
ttudlo 11 Get.ry st.. ground floor.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEO.VS.
Z?n. C. C CTDONNELL— Office and resvlence.
•iCTiy, Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC diseases treated; cure* guaranteed.
DIt GOUDIN, Sanitarium. LI 4 Pine st.
ER. STYAN'S Rheumatism Cure. $1; free to
poor every Wedi eygay. K Geary St.
HIiAL- SSl'ATK— CJTV KUlt SALU.
12200— At a sacrifice; on account of bank fore-
closure; lot IfxlOO; Improvements 2-story
house. 7 rooms, bath: south side Seventeenth.
'..'¦; Howard and Mission. Apply R. Me-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery «t.. room 1.
Ij? you have propertF north of the Park, or
Ilomcr'f Addition and the Mission, that you
want to disi'Ose of, then call en W. ¦ J.
GUNN. £30 California ?t.
FOn eale at a b!jr sacrifice— Income 1125 per
month: business property: Howard rt.. bet.
4:h and 5th. Apply I>w Dro«r Co.. Alameda.
LOT V*)xV*i on Price st. and' Second ave. In
_* Castle Tract. Inquire at 2541 UlKlcn st.
£:w. _ -. ,~,'_. ..a ,,..,, *,,,i, m. ir iift-f mi ¦¦¦MmMM^rtin r i ..**
.^ ; ;V "-"¦/¦ ¦. SPECIAL NOTICES. " . ,':;/V<C
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.,* 415 Montgomery St., rooms'9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SBWIX5 MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine tup-
pi l e9 J^StandardAje2ic£ ; Jl4£6thjj^
ALL kinds bought, cold, exchanaed, rented;
repalrinc at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD "WAREHOUSES."
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post »t., cor. Powell; tel. Main S7 13.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 635: packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.: phone Jackson 281.
, ______________ .
FOR rent— Fine dairy; 100 to 125 c6ws: in Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a money maker. For further particu-
lars aoply to FRANK HICKMAN, 412 J Bt.,
Sacramento.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— W>
Fell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. »3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California, telephone Main 266.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA IlEAL ESTATE.
1800— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny side of street; t blocks from
t tat Ion and school; terms $100 cash. 110 per
month.
$1900 — New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, etc., com-
plete; near station and sshool; 5100 casb, ISO
per month.
Jieto cash— To close an estate; worth 330OO;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000;
no money down; easy monthly" payments; or
will exchange for lot; this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY -ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN— 2-story modern house; 7 rooms and
bath, pantry, hot and cold water, gas
throughout the house; nice mantel, station-
ary tubs; bay-windows, brick foundation;
electric cars pass the door; close to schools,
churches and stores; this property to be sold
at a great Bacrince; price $1830: terms $150
cash, balance 517 50 per month. Take Berke-
ley train, get off at Lorln Station, ask for
RUDOLPH &PKRK1NS: office open Sundays.
NEW cottage 5 rooms, bath, pantry, mantel,
stationary tubs, hot and cold water; brick
foundation, high basement; large lot, 60x140;
all fenced and cross-fenced; chicken house*,
fruit trees, flower garden: price $1250, $lco
cash, balance $15 monthly; 3 blocks from sta-
tion; 2 blocks from 2 electric car lines; close
' to school, ehurchen and stores; this Is a snap.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Station,
ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
ALMOST new cottage, 6 rooms, bath, hot and
cold water; brick foundation; stationary tubs;
nice bay window; lot 50x133; price $1150; only
$100 cash, balance $12 60 monthly; this Is a
pickup; owner going to Cape Nome; 1 block
from electric cars; 4 blocks from station.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station,
ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FL'RXITL'RE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II. Schellhaas, th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 73 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
after Monday, May 21, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, May IB, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary Pro Tern.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 15 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the office
. of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Thursday, May 10, 1900. Transfer books will
close on Saturday, May 6. 11*00.- at 12 o'clock
m. W. D. K. GIBSON.
. \ Secretary pro ¦ tem.
DIVIDEND Notice— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY (Con.)— A dividend. No. 17. o:
Seventy-five cents , (7oc) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California St., San Francisco, on
May 10. 1900. Transfer books close May 3,
1S00. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
Intention to change principal place of busi-
ness — Notice is hereby given that In pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
third*- (2-3) of the capital stock of the Ro-
wardennan Improvement Co., a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed In the office cf said cor-
poration, it is the intention of ?ald corpora-
tion to remove and change Its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond. In the county of Santa Cruz,
State of California, said removal or change
to take effect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, California, this 3d day of May.. A. D.
1900. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON. Secretary. i
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
San Francisco. State of California^ Probate.
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication of
time appointed for probate of will (C. C. P.,
etc. 1303).— Notice Is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the 15th day of May, A. -D. 1900, at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of eaid court, at. the
n«w City Hall. In the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
will of Eald ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the Issuance to
It of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
Dated May 1. A. D. 1900.
WM. B. SHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
PROPOSALS.
ANNUAL supplies for the United States Marine
Corps. Headquarters United States Marine
Corps, Quartermaster's office, Washington,
D. C, April 30, WOO— Sealed proposals. In dupli-
cate, will be received at this office until 12
- o'clock noon on May 29, lsMW, and then be
publicly openeft. for furnishing military sup-
plies to - be '. delivered at Philadelphia, Pa.,
and Washington, D. C. Sealed proposals, in
duplicate, wlli als« be received at this office
until 12 o'clock noon on May 2S, 1900, and then
be publicly opened, for furnishing Ice and
stationery at Washington. D. C. ; laundry
work, .fuel and forage-' at Annapolis. . Md.:
rations, laundry work, fuel and forage at
Portsmouth, N. H. : Boston, Mass. ; Newport,
R. I.; Brooklyn. N. Y.; Philadelphia, Pa.;
League Island, Pa.: Washington, D. C; Nor-
folk. Va.; Port Royal, S. C; Pcnsacola, Fla.:
Mare Island. Cal., and Bremerton, Wash.
Blank proposals, specifications and, other in-
formation can be obtained upon ¦ application
to the commanding officer, marine barracks,
at the stations named. Standard samples
can be examined at this office; at 1100 South
Broad street, Philadelphia. Pa. : at marine
barracks, Boston, Mass.; Brooklyn, N.- Y..
and Mare Island. Cal. All bids accepted and
contracts awarded subject to an appropria-
tion by Congress to meet the expense. This
office reserves the right to reject any and -all
rild9 and to waive defects. Bids from munu-
; facturers or regular dealers only will be con-
sidered. F. L. DENNY. Colonel, Quartermas-
ter,. UnitedjStates_Marlne_Corps. - .
PROPOSALS will be received at the j Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts. Navy Department.
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'ciock noon. May
22 1900 and publicly opened immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the navy yard. Mare
Island, Cal.. a quantity of ' brushes, marine
cement mats, toilet articles, worsted zephyr,
flax • twine, window ¦ glass, hardware, wire
screws, belting, lumber, boat ¦ knees, drills,
brats rod, : sheet: brass, bar iron, sheet Iron,
copper rod, rivet steel, steel plates, bar Bteel,
packing, millboard, hose, lubricating grease,
tallow,- turpentine, white zinc, chemicals, glue
paints. Iron pipe, .brass pipe, copper pipe,
lead pipe, water-gauge glasses, pipe fittings,
valves condenser tubes, toilet paper,- sta-
tionery, files,; hydraulic Jacks, auger bits,
tools, sand paper, matches, soap, Jumber and
ono generating set. Blank proposals will , be
furnished - upon . application to the bureau or
to the navy pay office, San Francisco, Cal.
A. S KENNY, Paymaster General, U. S. N.
-4-24-oa -¦¦¦,.¦ ¦-.-- .•¦-¦¦ ¦-•¦• ¦¦••¦.-¦-•.¦¦¦- . • -.
PROPOSED acquisition of a telephone sys-
tem '¦ by • San ! Francisco— Persons . desirous 'of
offering to Install and sell; to San Francisco
a complete telephone. system are requested to
apply to the clerk of - the: Board -of Super-
visors for. full Information relatinjrto a call
. for ¦ proposals. =v The proposal* to . bo . filed on
or before August" 1. 1900. •¦:• ;-..
NOTICE to contractors^-Plans and specifica-
tions for the construction- of a restraining
dam 1600 feet '¦ long. ¦ 80 feet - base, . over . Dry
Creek, above Orovllle and Chico road, can be
seen at ; the : office : of ' the Cherokee ' mines,
Cherokee, c Butte ; County, from • May ¦ 7; ; bids
close May 15. L. J. HOHL, superintendent.
MILL VALLET AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1300. via gausalito Ferry. Weelc
.days— Leave Ean Francisco, 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 .>.
m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco. 8 a. m..
8 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m.. 1:30 p. m.. 2:30
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market st.. - Ean Francisco. Fare,
round trio from San Francisco, 11 10.
Via Sausallto F«rry.
Commencing April 23. 1500.
FROM 8AN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:00. tM. 9:20. 11:00 a. m.:
12:45. *l:45. t:15. 4:15. •5:15, 6:15. f:40 pl m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 8:00 and 11:33 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 7:00. •S:CO. •9:00. 'lO:*). 11:00. 11:13
a. m.; 12:45. 'LJO. 2:30. »3:«. 5:00. *:00. 7:X0
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:35. *«:30. 7:S0, «:40. «1O:1S a.
m.: 11:30. 1:15. 1:15. •3:30. 4:30, 5 J0_p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at *«:43 and 10:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00. •»:50. •U:C0a. m-: •_:«»
m.; 1:00. !:15. *3:30. 4:$0. *J:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:29
p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Qu-ntln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DAYS-5:53, «:41 !:0O. 8:54. 10:M a,
*m.;. 12:13. 1:45. 2:45. S:30. 4:J0. 8:20 p. m.
BiCTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:24 p. m. .
8UNDATS— 6:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. r_: _:_,
1:20 2:30. J:45. 4:55. 6:15. 7:85. 10:JO p. _.
THROUGH TRAINa
7:00 a. m. week days— Caiadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:13 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
g:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. *
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyea and way
stations.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
i M ASBIAGE LICENSES. 'y~
The followins marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
C. Lacy ¦' Goodrich, 30. city, and Margaret
Kaaslr.g, 24, Louisville, Ky.
David Fox, 45. city, and Carrie Kuenemann.
33, city.
John J. Cornyn. 28. BS1 Lombard street, and
Aurelih Brfgnoll. 22, 2010 Powell street.
Ralph AT. Bryan, 25, Aromas, and Alma
Louis, 24, 627 O'Farrell street.
Sidney Hi Fowler, 21. 2508 Sutter street, and
Ella C. Entjulst, IS, 1902 Green street.
Theodore Johnson. 36. 1045 Market street, and
Slgne T> Carlson, 26. 21 Isis street.
Charles 'Anderson. 3S. 111B Freelon street, and
Mary Olson, 82, 2207 Clay st.
Harry D. Lyons, 21, North San Juan, and
Lucy B. Crall, IS, North San Juan.
Segarland O. Hollls. 40, Lovelocks, New, and
Julius C. Davis, 34, Salt Lake City.
Joseph Munday, 23, Crockett, and Lizzie
Blanken. 20. city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage -and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. •
BORN.
CAMPBELL— In this city, April 2S, 1300, to the
wife of Charles It. Campbell a daughter.
CAKOLY— In this city. May 3, 1900, to the wife
of.J. P. Caroly, a son.
MORRIS— In this city, to the wife of Mr. -Mor-
rl«, a son. '
MARRIED.
LORENTZEX— MOLLER— In this city. May 6,
1900, at Mission Parlor Hall, by the Rev. E.
M. Stensrud, O. L.. Lorentzen and Christina
Moller, both of San Francisco.
WARD— ROGKRS— In Trinity Church, .San
Jose, November 6, 1S99, by Rev. Burr M.
AVeeden, ¦ Robert J. Ward and Anna ,M. Rog-
ers, both of Oakland.
~~~~ DIED.
Bern, Susan - Nlbbe, Jacob
Bishop. Homer C. O'Keane, Edmund
Boynton, Josephine O'Leary, Agnes C. C.
Boynton. Susan Olsen, Anna E.
Brommer. Henry Patten, Mary M.
Burrell. Philomela T. Pinner, Michael S.
Cain, John Rowe. James T.
Cunningham, Thomas Royce, -Ann
Edwards, Frank G. Schilling, August '¦
Estes (Infant) Schlutlup, Herman
Flinn, Catherine M. " Shephard, Mary
'Harley, Milton F. Spencer. George 8.
Hamilton, Sarah Smith, Rose
Lauder, Jean Stanbrldge Jessie
• Mawdsley. Edward Stewart, Mrs. M. A.
McDermott, Nora Supple, Mary
McLoughltn, Sadie Washburne, Maryon
Meyer, Matthias West. Mary
McLaughlin, Sadie Zapf, Louisa W.
BERN— In this city, May 6, 1900, Susan, dearly
beloved wife of Alexander Bern, and sister of
Mrs. Ann Dunn and Mrs. Ellen Mitchell, a
native of Montrose. Scotland, aced 47 years
and 6 months.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3203 Flllmore street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
BISHOP— In th.is city. May 8. 1900, Homer L.
beloved husband of Rhoda G. Bishop, and son
of Rebecca and the late Lorenzo Bishop, a
native of Nova Scotia, aged 48 years. A mem-
ber of Golden Gate Camp No. 64. Woodmen of
the World.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
BOYNTON— In the City and County Hospital,
May 8, 19<V>, Josephine Boynton. a native of
England, aged 67 years.
BOYNTON— In this city. May 8. 1900. Susan
Boynton. beloved wife of Jostah Boynton, a
native of England, aged 67 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany. 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BROMMER— In this city. May 8, 1900. Henry
Brommer, beloved husband of Jane Brommer,
and father of Mrs. Jennie Cunningham, Mrs.
Mae Love and Robert M. Brommer. a native
of Germany, aged 64 years and 8 months.
BURRELL-In Oakland, May 7. 1900. Philo-
mela T. Burrell. a native of Massachusetts,
aged 76 years 6 months and 16 days.
CAIN— In this city. May 7. 19C0, John, beloved
husband of Jane Cain, and brother of Mrs.
Margaret Sweeny, and stepfather of Mrs. Pat-
rick Comaskey. a native of County Sllgo, Ire-
land, aged 53 years and 11 months.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 336 Thirteenth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commen-
cing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. May 8, 1900, at
his residence, 3S3 Dolores street, Thomas, be-
loved husband of Mary A. Cunningham, anil
beloved father of Mamie and Maggie Cunning-
ham, a native of .County Monaghan, Ireland,
aged 60 years and 10 months.
(E7 Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice Of fun-
eral hereafter. Kindly omit flowers. „ (
EDWARDS— In this city. May 6, 1900, at his
residence. 1326. Guerrero street. Frank G.
Edwards, ex-Fire Commissioner and president
of Edwards Publishing Company, beloved
husband of Ellen Jane Edwards, and father
of F. Ernest Edwards, and brother-in-law of
MIbs Emily Carter, a native of Oxford, Eng-j
land, aged 78 years and 10 days.
ETFuneral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 11 o'clock, at Emmanuel Baptist
Church, Bartlett street, near Twenty-third.
Interment in Masonic Cemetery.
ESTES— In this city.' May 8. 1900, child of Dr.
and Mrs. M. B. Estes, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
tCTNotice of funeral hereafter.
FLINN— In this city. May 6, 1900, Catherine M..
relict of the late William B. FUnn. and be-
loved mother of Marion A. and Catherine M.
Flinn. Mrs. Julia M. Burke and the late i
Thomas J. Flinn. a native of Ireland.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
/ residence, 3221 Seventeenth street, thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦
HAMILTON— In this city. May ?. 1900, Sarah
Hamilton (nee Baumback), dearly beloved
wife of Ben Hamilton, and mother of James,
Thomas. William and Edward Hamilton, a
native of Scotland, aged 37 years.
(T7" Notice of. funeral hereafter. Remains at
parlors of Castagnetto _ Delmonte. 643 Val-
lejo street, between Montgomery avenue and
Stockton street.
HARLEY— In this city. May 7. 1900. Milton F..
beloved husband of Margaret Harley, and
father of Milton F. Jr. and Richard B. Har-
ley, a native of Queenstown, County Cork,
Ireland, aired 62 years.
LAUDER— In this city. May 8. 1!>00, Jean Lau-
der. widow of the late George Lauder, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged S4 years.
IcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 131 Buena Vista avenue.
MAWDSLEY— In this city. May 8. 1900. Edward
Mawdsley. beloved ?on of William and Caro-
line Keller, and brother of George. Lelanri and
Evelyn Mawdsley and Charles Keller, a native
of San Francisco, aged 16 years 11 months and
21 days.
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ' to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 243 Thirteenth street, between
Mission and Howard. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. '
McDERMOTT— In this city. May 6. 1900. Nora,
beloved daughter of Julia and the. late Wil-
liam McDermott. and sister of Rena. Lulu
and William McDermott and Mrs". S. Fabian,
> a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 404 Octavia street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, i commencing at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McLOUGHLIN-In this city. May 7. 1900, Sadie
McLoughlin, beloved sister of Mrs. Cecelia
Kearney, aged 23 years. (Boston papers please
C °rcrThe funeral will' take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. Mrs. Kearney. 26 Essex street.
Interment private.- In Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEYER-In this city. May 8, 1900. Matthias
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 71 years.
MCLAUGHLIN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. May 7. 1900. Sadie McLaughlin, a native
of Ireland, ased 25 years.
NIBBE-»In this city, May 8, 1900, Jacob Nlbbe,
beloved • father of Emma, Annie and Henry
Nlbbe. a native of Germany, aged il years
and llmonths. ' • •'-
rcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
HENRY J.GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Filth et.. opposite Lincoln . School. •
- Telephone South 80.
McAVOY «fc CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS _ EMBALMERS.I
: 1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. . I
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
17 and : 29 Fifth it; Tel. South "3i.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND E-BALMEBS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. -
GREmATlOIN.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA:
If deceased was a meraberof ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charge for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle- for the ashes and organ service is $30.
The same for members of the family. _ , /
GEORGE R. 1 FLETCHER." Superintendent.
- .- ¦ .--.-.- ¦ :-,-.- ¦.-¦¦¦¦¦ -. "."--".-- - . ¦
•RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MOI1TIIKRM I-44'IFIC (OJIPlXr.
IrAcino utiriH.)
Trains lei»*«* nml »ir Hitr to nrrlve at
MA.% rtt— N4'IM«'O.
(Main Line. Foo: of Market Street.)
L_VB — From Mat I. 1900. — arrits
•7:OOa Benkhk, Snfsun. Klmin. V»e*»iU<\
Ramsey aad Sscratnento *7:43r
•7:O(i a 8«— t» EipreM-Daris. Williams (for
Barttett SrricgsX Willows. Ked
Bluff. PottUnd. »7iiaF
•7:3» » Martinez. Kan ll*iiiou.V*l!ejo. N»r*.
CftlUbiga ami Hunt* Uu_ *Sil8p
•«:3t>» Tba Overland IJmit*!— Ofdeo. Deo.
»er. Omaha. Chicago *3iI3r
•¦;!!•»« Sou .limn. Llvenuore. .Stockton,
Inue, Sacramento. Plaevrrtlle.
JUrjifil!*. Obleo. Ite.l ItlnlT 'Itl.-Jr
•»•.*«» •Jliltoi,. 4Mkitalr. Chines* (for Yo-
temita). bunora. Carter* • t : I S r
•*¦••* t!»y wants. -Nilr. *<.<l Wa, Station*. *1 1:45*
•tiOtta Davis. Woodland. KnighU Laodlor.
MarjSTille. (>ro«lll« «7i«5p
•0;OO» Atlantic Kipress— Ogden and East *V:«3«
*tf:0O* Ln« Angeles Eipreax — Martinet,
Tracy. l.*throy. .Stockton. Mricrrt
• nil rtnno *«:4.1p
•IO:f»4U Valli-J... Martin— aii<1 Way .Station* ••:«3r
•II:OOa. Niifn, i.iferm.wn. Stockton, Macro,.
rrn-utn. Mcinlo'.a. Hanford, VliaUa,
Vatt«ntttt> MilSp
•ia:O«M Hajcrarili. MIra and Way Stations, "is !•"» t
tlt«»Or Hicfiiinmitu l:i»«r «(<«¦. >nri» fSivOr
•*:i»»r HajwarJs, Nifrsaud Wa* Buttons. -JilSf
•«it>or M.utii.en. !_n lUmnu. Vallejo.
N«|-i. OH,-,,,,... 8*uta Itow *«||9*
•t:OOr KeiiK-U. Vaeatlll*. ftacrauietito.
¦ ••_¦ WrxMlUmt. Ki.iJiH Undine,
Mtr;iFit!r, O.otillu «IO:tl»
MitOp NUe*. San J..«oau.l Stockton *?>I3p
*3:tt«pTho Owl Limited— Tracr. fresnn.
BxkeraaeUI. Saugn* for Hant* liar-
bars. I»s Aiicelea '0:13a
•S»»«t Fresuo P_»engfr— Martin-*, Lath-
rop. Merer t. Bercnda (Ravmood
for Yosemito). PraM *l3>t-1p
•Sil»r N»w >leagr Kii res.i- IUk»»i<«M. '
8anU lUritara. !.!¦» Angrlen, LHtm.
ing, Ei Paio. New Urleaua and
East ••:«*»
•3)3»p Nanta K« ICnuto— AlUntlc Eipress
• for M»)ut» mill 1'itt •fl:4.1f
¦fliAUp Hajrtrarils, Nile* anil San Joss *7i4*4
iS:UOr ValleJ. *l;i:|.1p
••ilOr Oriental Mail— Ogrten, Cbevenn*.
Omaha. Chicago *Vz43a
*6>l0p Oriental Mail— Ogden, Renter.
Omaha, t'bic*ca -. *4>13p
JT:O»r Valirj.., P rt L'oata and Way Hta.
Moiis JWVW
•8tO3r Otcgimand California Kit-raw. Mao-
rxnieutn. Mar)*«ill«. lr.~l.ll,,,,,
I'ortlaii.l. r.iic-t S,. I an.l Kant •»»I^A
COAST DIVISION (Narroit «.«u s »).
(Foot nf Mi rkct Street.)
i?:43* Hanta Crni Excursion for Santo
Cruz and Principal Waj Stations t*<*3r
*S:l3ANevfark.i;t!iitcrTillr.SanJuce,FFlti»i.
noiilderCnek.SaiitaCruzaml Way
SUtiuim *S:3i>r
«3:l.1p Newark C«»tor*ilie. 8a» Jose. Now
Aluiailtin. Wit mi. llmilrter Creek.
Raiita Crux and 1'rincipal Way
.SUllnii ¦ 1 1 '•:¦¦»'>,
•4iir»p Newark, Han Jim*. l,m C»»m MiMi,
q-»»l3r Glenwood. Felton. Santa Cnu «1:.V>a
CREEK. ROUTE FERRY.
rri_ m rtttRcisco-rttt *r foist str..i (su» i>—
1;SS ttS • 1 6 1^;.;: 5* !*? tJ:8a
'rimOUinS-l'jol «T Hr»«d«.r. — -fi 00 H 00 10 00* ».
U2:Q3 "1:03 t2:C3 «3!J3 ti:S3 -ICar.w.
< COAST DITtHIOI (Krnail <;*»»;•).
(Thlnl mii<> Tovm»i,,l Kt».)
(«:••« Ocean View, Smith Hal I l___n.. (O::ii> p
«7:<M»a .San Jositt »...! Way SteUnoa (New
Alniatlen \\r. .li.mil;n« unly) *l:3t>?
t?:3O« Sun<l»y Excursion for San Joso.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations i*:33p
'»••» 8«n .!.»«. Tr«« Tino*. H-Oa Crux.
Paeilie Cruva. t'aao Unities. San
I.nls OIii'mimi. .Surf. Lompoc ami
Principal Way HUtlmis *t:IOp
•lOtlwt San .Ime and Wsy Stations ••!::».% %
•I 1:30a .^an.ln«),LosGatos4ii.lWayStuUoiis *3:3Op
! 1 1: 15r San Mateu. UeUwMhl. Menlo Park.
r»lo Alto. SanU CUra. H»«. .)„¦•,
Trc* Finos. Santa Crux. 8allnas.
Mmitemy ami l'lciHc Grovs |ls):3ll4
failnp ?an .lose and Way Stations '733OJP
44:1 Ar! San Jose ami Principal Way Stations •tt:I.V»
t3:Ovp8an Jos*. Loa Gatos aad Principal
Way Station* ftt>O*A
•5:a»pSa»J..*ean.t Principal Way Stations I**Z3«
.••i.tOp San .lose ami Way Sratlon* tV<>"»
tll;43p 3»n Jin-aii.l Way -Station* *7:30>
A for Morning. I* for A ftenioon.
• Daily. t Hnminy exeented. } Sunday onlj.
fc Saturday nniy.
a Saturday and Sunday, c Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA MHTflWESTERX RY. CO.
LSSSB3
SAN FRAHCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
sax fkancisco to san oafaei*
WEEK HAYS— 7:20. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:JS.
1:30. 5:10. 4:20 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trl?
at 11:10 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:i»
¦ nd 11:20 d. m.
BUNDAYS— S:00. S:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:33.
6:00. «:2t> p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. »:». 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
S:40. 8:15 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:E5 and 1:35 D. m.
I 8UNDAYS-S:I0. t:40. 11:10 a. _.; 1:40. »:40.
rWfla. (:23 v. m.
Between San Francisco and Scauetzen Park
•ame schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. I Arrive
Ean Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1300.) San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Weelc
Days. | days, f Destination.] dayt. | Days.
7:10 am S:fi0 am N'ovafo. 10M0 am 3:40am
1:30 pm 9:30 atn Petaluma. t:05 pm 10:23 am
8:19 pm B:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:23 tm
Healdsburc.
¦"¦ ": ( "."--¦ Lytton.
Geyservllle.
l:S0 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3Spm 1:10 pra
T:tf>aml j Hepland I 110:25 am
gjM pm! 8:00 am! and Uklah. | 7:35 pm! 8:20 pm
7:30 am 10:35 am
S:CO am GuerneTllIe. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm tM pm
7:30 am S:CO am Sonoma 9:15 ami 1:40 am
1:10 pm S:CO pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm| (:3O pm
7:39 am! 8:00 am! 110:40 am!10:25 am
8:30 pm! 5:C0 pmj Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm| f :20 pm
Stages connect at Panta Rosa for Marie Weat
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altmria: at L.ytton for Lytton Sprlnirs: at
Geyserville for Bkaggs Sprlnrs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Uopland for Duncan
Bprlnm, Highland Sprlpjrs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
fcad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vlchr Springs. Saratoga,
f prlngi". Bin* Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witt»r
Fprlngs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter "Valley.
John Day's. Riverside, Llerl»y's. Bucknelfs.
Sanhedrln Height*. Hullvllle. Orr't Hot
Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brace West-
port. l>al, WHIitfl. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harrl», Olsen's. Dyer. Scotl»
¦nd Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at
reduced rates.
On Sunday ronnd trip tickets to all points
bovond San Rafael at half, rates.
Ticket ofrtces. 650 Market it.. Chronicle bl&g.
H. C. WHTTIXG. R. X. RTAX.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cosxectiso Tract Leaves Sax Fkaxcisco*
ft P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2: 15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND _eavea San Francisco at 5:38
' CXPDESS **> m * with Palace and Tourist
n* ii v •=*'* f or Kans »» cttr, st. Loots,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains t>etvreen Stockton, VALLfY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare onTk
and Baker&field. KOAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'fRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
.mow JUUii 1531; Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, »1 J Street; San Jose,7 West
SanU CUra Street.
aDr.jGtt>l>on ? s Dispensary,
6-5 HE _B5IT»T. Established
,ln 1934 for the treatment of Private
Dheases, Lost Man htx>d. Debility or
I disease treaxins oil fxxly and mind and
I Skin Diseases. Ttaadoctorcureswbeti
others fail. Try him. Charge* low.
l«"»«re»|fot»ram«^*»f. Callor— rtt<\
Or. J. *¦- ulBBON. Box 1937. Saa Fraac— co
W8B_ly Gall, $1.00 w Year
To our friends and employes of D. N. and E.
Walter & Co.. who have rendered their sym-
pathy In our late bereavement, the death of
my beloved and devoted wife and mother.
Charlotte Dober (nee Rose), we express our
sincerest thanks.
JOS. B. W. DOBER. Husband.
MRS. GEO..C. PATTERSON and ,
CHARLES, JULIA and JOSEPH DOBER. -
Children.
CARD OF THANKS.
tCTNotlce of funeral In Saturday morning
papers. Remains at the parlors of the 'Cali-
fornia Undertaking Company, 403 Powell
street, corner of Post;
r_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1208 Green street, thence to St. Brigid's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
ZAPF— In this city. May 9, 1500. Louisa W..
beloved wife of Charles F. Zapf, a native of
Belott. Wis., aged 22 years 5 months and 16
days.
ICTFuneral this day (Wednesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 622Vi Ellis
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
"WASHBURNE— In this city. May 7. 1900. Ma-
ryon Franklyn. beloved daughter of Lynde A.
and Carlotta B. Washburne. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 1 year.
WEST— In this city. May 7, MOO. Mary, be-
loved wife of B. W. West, daughter of Pat-
rick and the late Catherine Flynn. mother of
Kittle. Benjamin and Lottie West, and sister
of Mrs. _. LundberK, Mrs. J. J. Conlon and
Timothy, James and Joseph Flynn, a native
of New York, aged 44 years.
[CTIntlraate friends are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
SUPPLE— In this city. May 7. 1900. Mary Sup-
ple, beloved sister of Michael, Edward and
Annie Supple, and aunt of Mrs. M. Moldrup
and Mrs. T. Dunlevy, a native of Bally-
helgue. County Kerry, Ireland.
_TFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 10
o'clock, from the mortuary chapel of the
. Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city. May 7, 1900, Mm.
Mary Ann du Plaunty Stewart, beloved
mother of Mrs. Rosa Byers, and grandmother
of Frank and Embree Byers and Mrs. J. 1:.
Libby, a native of St. Lawrence County, N.
Y.. aged 104 years 11 months and 22 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 615 Thirteenth street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
STANBRIDGE— In this city. May 8. 1900, Jes-
sie, beloved daughter of Charles Edwin Etan-
brldge, and sister of Mrs. Evelyn A. Smyth
and Mrs. James McCartney, a native of San
Francisco, aged 20 years 11 months and 15
days.
(_TFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law. Charles F. Giles. 1117
McAllister street. Interment In Sacramento
County.
SHEPHARD— Entered Into rest. May 7. 1900.
Mary, beloved wife of Alfred Shephard, and
mother of Mrs. G. L.- Hergert. Mrs. J. C.
Yates, Mrs. M. Houston. Mrs. George C. Bor-
nemann. Mrs. F. B. Dallam and Peter C. and
C. H. Shephard, aged 64 years.
(CTFuneral from her late residence, 4029
Seventeenth street. Services at St. Ignatius
Church, at 9:30 o'clock, this day (Wednes-
day). Interment private.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital. May
7. 1900. Rose Smith, a native of Washington,
aged 18 years.
SPENCER-In Oakland. May X. 1300. George 8..
beloved husband of Mary Spencer, and father
of Willie and Georgie Spencer, a native of
California, aged 40 years and 28 days.
ICTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 23 Alta
street, off Montgomery street, between Union
and Filbert. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
PATTEN— In this city. May 7. 1300. Mary M..
beloved wife of the late Thomas Patten, a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
lETFriends and acauaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlcrs
of Carew _ English. 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Ignatius Church. Ha.yes street.
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at S
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PINNER— In this city. May 8, 1900. Michael S..
beloved husband of Frances Pinner, and
father of Mrs. Abe Wolfe, Emanuel. Henry
A.. Isldor. Eli. Ed. Jennie and Mlltto Pinner.
a native of Prussia, aged 75 years 9 months
and 23 days. (Chicago, Pittsburg, Pa.. New
York and Paterson. N. J., please copy.)
ICTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from- the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. A. Wolfe, »«3 Oak street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
ROWE— In this city. May 8. 1900. James T.
Rowe. beloved husband of Maria F. Rowe. »nd
father of Grace. Inez, Walter and Roy Howe
of Alameda. formerly of Grass Valley.
ROYCE— In this city. May 8. 1900. Ann Roy<-e\
beloved mother of George and Elsie Royce and
Mrs. Flossie Schnapper. a native of County
Tipperary. Ireland, aged 69 years.
SCHILLING— In the City and County Hospital,
May 8, 1900. August Schilling, a native of Ger-
many, aged 48 years.
SCHLUTIUS— In this city, May 7. 1300. Her-
man Schlutlus. beloved father of Charles and
Herman Schlutlus, Mrs. Ida Perkins. Mrs.
Emma Rothschild. Mrs. Minnie Kelly and
Mrs. Dora L. Giles, a native of Westphalen.
Germany, aged 81 years 9 months and 11 days.
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1719 Eddy street, between Scott and
Pierce. Interment private.
O'KEANE— In this city. May «, 1900. Edmund
O'Keane. a native of Ireland, aged 65 years.
(Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), from St. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
. brated for the repose of hts soul, commencing
at 3 o'clock. Remains at the parlors of Mc-
Avoy & Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth.
O'LEARY— In this city. May 7. 1900. Agnes
Catherine Clalr. beloved daughter of Arthur
and Kato O'Leary. sister of Minnie. Carmel-
lta and Arthur O'Leary. and niece of Mary.
John and Joseph Kidney, a native of San
Francisco, aged h years 4 months and 8 days.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from th« residence
of the parents. 120 Townsend street, between
Second and Third. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
OLSEN— In this city. May 5. 1900. Anna Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Knud Olsen. an1 sister
of R. O. Pettersen of Stavanger, Norway.
and Mrs. Ollna Rasmussen of Hogstad. Nor-
way, a native of Stavanger. Norway, aged 67
years 10 months and 14 days.<TJk r? RS. CHARLES ZAPF was of an
//}(vk extrerne '>' jealous disposition
U 1&> anii made her husband's life
miserable. She took a shot at
him last Monday morning, and being In
fear for his life he packed up his clothes
and left her.
Yesterday her body was carried to the
Morgue to be buried in a suicide's grave.
The luckless woman was born In Ger
many, twenty-three years ago. She and
her husband came from Beloit. Wis., to
San Francisco three years ago and be
gan housekeeping in a Hat at 153 Russ
street. The husband is a thorough ma
chinist and secured employment at • the
shop of Henshnw, Buckley & Co. After
his wife's attempt upon his life last Mon
day morning he left the house and took
a room at 72S Howard street. That was
the last time he saw his wife alive.
Mrs. Carrie McCarthy, who occupies
the upper flat at 163 Russ street, detected
a strong odor of illuminating gas yester
day morning, and receiving no reply to
Green-Eyed Monster Drove Her Crazy.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces examinations in this
city as follows : "
June 19 — For the positions of register
and receiver and. surveyor general's clerk
In the General Land Office; salaries from
$729 to $1200 per annum.
June 19 and.. 20.— For the position of
manual training teacher In the Indian
service: salary $S40 per annum.
June 21 and 22 — For the position of third
class electrical draftsman; salary $3 2S per
diem.
June 19— Inspector of woolens, quarter
master's department.
Civil Service Examinations.
Wedding Invitations, visiting cards, fine
writing papers, tablets and papeterles at
unusually low prices in our stationery de
partment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. - . . •
SAX JOSE. May 8.— A sensation was
sprung to-day by Student Miller in the
investigation at the Normal School of the
charges against Mrs. Place. Miller de
clared that Attorney F. C. Jacobs had
made a proposition to get him his di
ploma for $500. This sum was afterward
reduced to $300, and Miller said that Ja
cobs had told Mrs. Rockwell, a client of
the attorney, he had seen two members
of the board in regard to the matter. He
added further that Jacobs had told him
that If he would put the money in the
bank Jacobs would make an Iron-clad
contract !n regard to the getting of the
diploma, and if the attempt to- purchase
It failed it "would not cost Miller a cent.
In concluding hia statement. Miller said
Ed Rea, son of ex->5oss Rca, had told
him that the Southern Pacific and Dan
Burns had been Instrumental In select
ing teachers for the Normal School, and
that the Republican Good Government
League kept Mrs. Place In her . position.
"I concluded." said Miller, "if the South
ern Pacific had anything to do with the
Trustees It was a boodle board and could
be bought"
The tirst witness this morning In the
case against Mrs. Place was Sidney Me-
Graw, a pupil in the training department.
He testified there was disorder In the
dames taught by Miller. John Phelps
gave similar testimony. Miller then In
troduced the testimony of several pupils
of the training school to prove his teach
ins abilities. Rev. J. E. Squires, pastor
of the South Methodist Church, testified
that in his opinion Miller would make a
good teacher.
Principal McNaughton did not think
Miller would make a good teacher. He
lacked certain qualifications. Professor
Schoof eald Miller might make a" success
as a country schoolteacher, but would be
In the Divorce Court
Decrees of divorce have been granted
"William J. R. Boyes from Adelaide L.
HEALY TO BEAT THE
SHIPS TO: CAPE NOME
Making a Journey of Forty-Five
Hundred Miles to Get the
First News.
F. A. Healy will start this morning for
Cape Nome, taking a roundabout way, so
that he may reach the cape in advance of
the ships. To do this he will go from San
Francisco to Seattle, thence to Skaguay,
over the summit to Lake Le Barge, then
will shoot the White Horse Rapids, then
take the Yukon to Dawson. stopping at
various small places. . - From DawsSon he
will Journey 2000 miles to the coast* thence
SAN JOSE,, May 8.— The Normal -
Trustees to-night, after a session •
lasting - two days, declared the -
charges made, against Mrs. Place, -
principal of the training depart- -
merit', by H. E. Miller and Miss Liz- -
zie Kelly, not sustained.- The two -
had been students to whom diplo- •
mas had been refused and they -
charged unfairness and lncompe- -
tency.
Some Changes Made by City Board of
Examiners — Renewal of Certifi
cates Recommended.
The City Board of Examiners yesterday
adopted the new rules for examination of
teachers. They are practically the same
as tho old ones, except that the scale of
credits for some studies has been read-
Justed in the High School grade. Teach
ers will be allowed to substitute Latin and
Greek for botany; zoology and chemistry.
Dr. WJ B. Howard'"was admitted as a
member of the board.
The following recommendations for re
newal of grammar grade certiilcates were
made to the Board of Education:
Miss Annie Hinds. Miss Malvina Simon,
Miss Bertha Fahrenkrug, Miss M. G.
Liner, Mrs. B. F. Phillips, Miss Helen
Carr, Miss Leah Rosenberg, Miss I. T.
Glennon, Miss May Casey, Miss M. Hol
lub. Miss Eva Fairweather, Miss Susie S.
Morrison. Miss Alice R. Power, Miss M.
A. Houston, Miss Margaret O'Brien, Miss
M. F. Fitzgerald, Miss Alice C. Vincent,
Miss -H. T. Crocker, Miss.M. J. Cashin,
Miss Flora Rosenfeld, Miss Lavena
O'Neill. Miss Susie A. Ward, Miss Made
line O'Neill. Miss K. E. -Kean, Miss H.
Brignardello, Miss E. M. Foley. Miss E.
Carson. Mrs. -Monica Dodge, Mrs. M. E
Hill, Miss A. E. Sutherland, Miss D. E.
Page, Miss E. M. McFadden, Miss R. M.
Boukofsky. Miss Regina Hertz. Miss. Mary
A. Brlerton, Miss R. G. FitzsUnmons,
Miss L. M. Kinney. Miss L. B. Harrigan
Miss J. T. McLerie. ;
Primary Grade— Mrs. M. L. Belding
Miss L. Maccord. Miss N. E. Ewing, Miss
A. E. Franks, Miss J. A. Bigley, Mrs. B.
M. Peake and Miss A. E. Owen. .
The board also recommended the grant
ing of the following certificates:
High School certificate (Including
French) to Miss Blanche M. Rouleau.
Miss M. F. Fitzgerald was recommended
to the State Board of Education for a life
diploma of the grammar grade.
RULE FOR EXAMINATION
OF TEACHERS ADOPTED
San Francisco and San Mateo Com
pany Will Soon Have a Through
Line in Operation.
The San Francisco and San Mateo
Electric Railway was yesterday granted
n franchise to operate its line through
the streets of San Mateo. This means an
early construction of a through road from
this city into the heart of San Mateo. The
directors of the road have acquired a
right of way through private property for
a distance of eight miles from its present
terminus, and when the system is com
pleted it will be exactly twenty miles in
length. It will parallel the Southern Pa
cific road and no doubt will be a brisk
competitor for traffic between the two
terminals mentioned.
The fact that eight miles of the road
will be through private grounds insures
an increased speed and a consequent
quick trip.
ELECTRIC ROAD TO RUN
TO TOWN OF SAN MATEO
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declares That Attorney F. C. Jacobs
-¦-of - San -Jose Offered to Procure
the Sought-For Sheep
skin for $500.
Startling Statement Made by
Student Miller at an
Investigation.
NORMAL SCHOOL
DIPLOMAS WERE
PURCHASABLE
Special Officer Murphy was dismissed
from his position because he could not re
etrain his appetite- for liquor.
The charges filed against Sergeant Tom
Mahoney and Corporal "Bob" Cockrell
by.S. A. Hussey were dismissed. Hussey
stated that' both officers had visited th«
racetrack while on duty.
Cornelius Rial and Ppeclal ORIcer Den
ny Murphy were ordered to surrender
their stars. The punishment meted out to
Rial was severe in view of the slightness
of his offense. On April 21 he was ordered
to guard the Starr Kin»? School on Bryant
street from the window-breaking attacks
of the children In the neighborhood. He
obeyed orders in a measure, but was
drawn away from his Ftation by a base
ball game.
The Police Commissioners gave evi
dence last night that they •will not deal
leniently with officers brought before
them for Infractions of rules of the de
partment.
TWO STARS DIMMED BY
POLICE COMMISSIONERS
After Mrs. Place had closed. Attorneys
Partridge and Jacobs, who had heard of
the charges made by Miller, appeared be
fore the board and denied they had made
any such statements.
Miller then took the stand in his own
behalf. He claimed Mrs. Place had con
ditioned him without cause, and accused
her of being prejudiced. She had changed
him with being mentally unbalanced and*
not fit to receive a diploma, and had told
falsehoods to bolster up her charges.
Mrs. Place testified in her own behalf.
She denied the charges, and gave an ex
3>lanatlon of the reason why she condi
tioned Miller. He was not evenly bal
anced, she said, and would never make a
teacher. .- *
a failure In a girls' or graded school. He
lacked tact.
SKULL CRUSHED
BY A RUNAWAY
HORSE'S HOOFS
James F. Rowe, a Laborer,
Knocked Down and Fa
tally Injured.
He Was at Work at Van Ness Avenue
and Eddy Street When
the Accident Oc
curred.
James F. Rowe, a laborer employed by
Gray Bros. In excavating for the Inde
pendent Electric Light Company, was fa
tally injured yesterday afternoon on Van
Ness avenue by a runaway horse attached
to a mttk wagon.
The horse was driven by "William E.
Baunaert, who is employed by Such &
Nelson, dairymen, 1228 Folsom street. He
was turning from Willow avenue into
Van Ness avenue, when the harness broke
and the horse bolted. Baumert clung to
the reins, but was thrown out of the
wagon. . Willow avenue Is about half a
block from: where Rowe and several oth
ers were working, and when thev saw the
maddened animal approaching they start
ed to scatter. Three of them besides
Rowe were knocked down, but not in
lured. Rowe was directly In front of the
horse, and when he was knocked ' down
the animal's hoofs struck him on the back
of the head, fracturing the base of the
skull. Rowe was picked up in an uncon
scious condition and taicen to the Re
ceiving Hospital in the ambulance, but
died In about an hour, and the body was
removed to the Morgue. He was about
50 years old and lived at 2233 San Antonio
avenue, Alameda.
The horse continued its flight and
knocked down a lamppost at the corner
of Elm avenue, where It was captured.
Baumert. who was uninjured by the fall
from the wagon, had the harness repaired
and continued the delivery of the milk
In his wagon. The police had been noti
fied of the accident and Detectives Me
Mahon and Reynolds were detailed to ar
rest him. They soon had him In custodv
and booked him at the City Prison on a
charge of manslaughter. He was re
leased on the customary $50 cash bail.
He said he could not be held responsible
for the accident, as he lost control of
the horse and was fhrown out himself.
Another Batch of Japs Landed.
One hundred and fifty-seven Japanese
immigrants were landed yesterday in this
city by Mr. North, local Immigration
Commissioner. Seventy-five of the num
ber were admitted on certificates of land
ing signed by David Healy, United States
Immigration Commissioner at Vancouver,
and ninety-five on certificates from the
Commissioner at Seattle. Three Japanese
young men who were landed at Vancouver
were rejected at this port because of dls
ease.-.a&flfflBBtH
WERE MARRIED AWAY
AHEAD OF THE TIME
GEORGE BLOOMQUEST,, juvenile man of the Neill company, and Miss Rose
Swain-of Minneapolis were married yesterday at a quarter before noon at
St. Luke's Church.' The ceremony was set for -12 o'clock, but when tho
guests , arrived they found that the anxious couple had got' there fifteen
minutes beforelthe, appointed hour and that. Rev. W. ; A. Breck had tied the nup
tial knot a> full quarter, of an hour before the time set down in the Invitations.
However, when :Blo6mquest's friends later saw his bride none blamed' him be
cause he had set his watch ahead of 'time. Miss Swain made a petite and dainty
bride and looked charming inlher gown 'of," gray silk, with a dash of pink em
broidery, black velvet 1 and some handsome Irish point to set it- off. : A Vi rot hat
completed'the dainty costume of the girl who came all the way from Minneap
olis to wed the man, of her choice. M13S Julia Dean, the ingenue of the Is'elll
company, attended Miss" Swain as maid of honor and Elmer Bloomquest, a brother
of the groom,' was, best man.' : After the ceremony there was a' bridal breakfast In
the groom's apartments on "Jones street.
Professional, duties Interfered with the possibility of a "honeymoon," and last
evening Bloomquest '.went through his part with the company at the California,
while his charming; bride~ sat in the wings -trying to dispel his nervousness with
loving smiles. \ . , ¦¦"¦¦• . ••"*¦'.
The bride of the actor, though a teacher, of Greek at the Minnesota State.Uni
versity,, has had some experience on. tho stage. She has played ingenue parts with
Marie Wainwrlght, -McKee Rankin and Nance O'Neil. Her experience on tho
stage dates fromTa;tim© previous to her. assuming .the role of a university, in
structress. ;Nowj that; the; teacher; is ; the. wife of an actor she proposes to resume
her professional "connections and willl make her : reappearance on the stage with
the Nelll" company during Its • engagement in this city. ,. .. ...
Grocers' Picnic.
The annual picnic of the Retail Grocers'
Association will be held to-day at Schuet
zen Park. There will be a fine programme
of music, games and dancinp and plenty
of things good to cat. The affair is un
der excellent management.
around Bering Sea to St. Michael, thence
to Nome, 125 miles. The distance from
Seattle to Dawson being- 1800 miles, the
journey from San Francisco to Cape
Nome by the route selected will approxi
mate 4500 miles In length.
Mr. Healy will represent The Call at
Cape Nome and will send the earliest and
fullest news that will come to San Fran
cisco concerning the stirring and interest
ing happenings of the season's quest for
gold. ¦:•¦ -
Officials Making Ready for Initial
Through Trips From Chicago to
San Francisco.
If all the promises of the Santa Fe and
San Joaquln Valley Railroad officials
fructify, the Santa Fe will run a through
passenger train from Chicago to San
Francisco between the first and the middle
of June. Plans, schedules, time-tables,
etc., are now under course of preparation
and definite announcements will soon bo
made.
General Superintendent Wella, who Is
stationed at Los Angeles, has been in this
city during the last few days conferring
with the local officials. He thinks it very
likely that a general conference between
the local representatives and the officers
of the Santa Fe at Chicago will be held
during the latter part of the month to
complete arrangements for the passenger
service of the through line.
Every day carloads of freight are landed
in this city on the through route of the
Santa Fe. The new ferry boat will be
commissioned soon and all necessary de
tails arranged for the initial trip.
IMMEDIATE PASSENGER
SERVICE BY SANTA FE
A warrant for the arrest of Colonel
Theodore C. Marceau Is in the hands of
the Sheriff. The doughty colonel has
fled the city with Baby Theo and
has returned to Los Angeles. After
leaving Judge Troutt's court Monday
morning Colonel Marceau and little Theo
walked forth into the void of seclusion.
This act on the colonel's part has turned
the tables and he now occupies the same
position as that into which he. forced
hia former wife by charging her with fel
ony, when she fled from Los Angeles with
her 'baby boy.
The light for Baby Theo daily Increases
irrHnterest. Shortly after the conclusion
of the hearing on Monday before Judge
Troutt a writ of habeas corpus sworn to
by Mrs. Flske-Marceau-Fennell was is
sued, commanding Colonel Marceau to
produce the child in court this morning
that his custody might be awarded pend
ing the disposition of the appeal from the
order made by Judge Troutt ratifying the
agreement entered into between the par
ents. .In her petition for the writ Mrs.
Flske-Marceau-Fennell alleges that her
child was unlawfully Imprisoned, detained,
coniined and restrained of his liberty by
Theodore C. Marceau and that upon her
best knowledge, information and belief
the child was so Imprisoned at the Palace
Hotel.' ' . t „
Upon the issuance of the writ it was
placed in the hands of the Sheriff for
service. Inquiry at the Palace Hotel elic
ited the information that the colonel was
not in. Later reports were to the effect
that he had fled the city and several
Deputy Sheriffs started out on his trail.
Colonel Marceau's absence from the hotel
was reported to Attorney Louis P. Board
man, who represents Mrs. Flske-Marceau-
Fennell. and she forthwith made affi
davit that to the best of her knowledge
and belief the doughty" colonel was will
fully evading process of the court ana
unless taken into custody would evade
service of* the writ, and flee beyond the
Jurisdiction of the court. Upon this affi
davit Judge Dunne Issued a bench war
rant for the arrest of Colonel Marceau
and the detention of Baby Theo pending
the hearing of the writ.- •
A • telegram from Los Angeles states
that Colonel Marceau and Theo arrived
there yesterday. They appeared on the
streets together, and Marceau apparently
made no effort -to conceal his where
abouts. •¦'.-¦¦ , ¦ '
Sheriff Is After Him to Serve a Writ
of Habeas Corpus, "Which.
May Turn the
Tables.
Doughty Colonel Hastily
Returns South With
* Baby Theo.
MARCEAU EVADES
SUMMONS AND A
WARRANT IS OUT
At a regular meeting yesterday of the
San Francisco Benevolent Association the
secretary reported having expended $761 20
in April for food, medicine and other
necessaries for unfortunate people and
having secured permanent employment
for eighteen adults.
Benevolent Society Work.
A milkman named Scherwin reported
yesterday that while he ¦was driving by
the corner of Mission and Twenty-second
streets Monday night he heard some one
say, "Hold up your hands." Turning his
lantern in the direction from which the
voice came he saw one man holding a
pistol on another. The man with the
pistol turned it on the milkman and said:
"Drive on or I'll blow your head off."
He drove on at once he says. ••
A Milkman's Tale.
pie live in Eureka. Humboldt County, and
have lived there for years.
The police say they have learned that
the pistol with which Bortzmeyer was
shot was bought in Sacramento. Cronin
stated when first arrested that he came
here from that town. lie probably passed
through here on his way to Auburn.
Boyes for desertion, and Susie M. Putnam
from Soule A. Putnam for desertion.
Suits for divorce have been filed by Ada
Fretwell against Charles Frt-twell for fail
ure to provide, Mary A. Siefert against
Ernest Siefert for desertion. Alice Wil
more against William H. Wilmore for de
sertion. Harry K. Marquis against Flor
ence Marquis for cruelty. Emma Green
baum against Morris Greenbaum for fail
ure to provide, G. It. Grosso against Anna
Crosso for desertion and W. A. Fortescue
against Mary M. Fortescue for desertion.
When asked where he was Saturday
night and Sunday -morning Cronin de-
Th« young man jrivlng- his name ' as
George I>ogan, which he admits is not'
his true name, does not appear to be as
hardened a criminal as Cronin. He stated
yesterday that he handed one of the pis
tols found en Cronin to him while they
were going to jail in the patrol wagon.
He will most likely know something of
whatever crimes Cronin may have com
mitted lately, and fears of a State prison
cell may cause him to break down and
give up what he knows. He will probably
be liberated if he does this. Even the
drubbing he got. in the battle on Kearny
street with Sergeants Christiansen and
Mahoney and Officer McGee has not en
tirely tamed Cronin. He was still sullen
and muttering threats when taken with
his pal before Judge Mogan yesterday.
Both men pleaded guilty, Cronin to
charges of disturbing the peace and car
rying a concealed weapon and the other
man to those of battery and disturbance.
They will be before Judge Mogan at 10
o'clock this morning for sentence.
These two men are supposed to have
robbed the postofflee safe at Benicia last
Sunday morning. The bulldog pistol
found on Cronin was identified yesterday
by Deputy Sheriff Malone of that town
as one taken from the eafe.
The* police records here show that Cro
nin, in companv with a man named Ed
ward Ryan, "stood up" a man named
Frank Golden m this city on the night
of July 24, 1S03. and robbed him of his
watch and $4 in coin. Cronin was sent to
State prison for several years for this
crime. ; » -
At the time he committed this robbery
Cronin had just completed a term of two
\vars in the penitentiary for robbing a
Mission-street shoe store.
It is now known that Cronin broke out
of the Placer County Jail at Auburn
about May 1. a few days before the Bortz
raeyer hold-up, which was on May 3. If
he made his way to San Francisco on
foot, trying to escape capture and per
haps traveling at night, he would natur
ally reach here dirty and ragged and
rc-ady to commit murder for any sum of
money.
William Cronin, Who May Be Bortzmeyer's Assailant.
mustache or not Bortzmeyer is uncer
,n. The wounded man was impressed
rticularly with the chin, however.
C- jHK police may now have in the
City Prison the footpad who robbed
' axd almost fatally chot Fred Bort:
2> nieyer early last Thursday morning:
on Ellis street. William Croriln.
alias "William Johnson, r.lias James Kelly.
alias "Frisco Mickey," one of the two
desperate characters arrested Monday
afternoon on Kearny street after a hard
baxtlo with the police, may prove to be
Bortzmeyer's assailant.
In the '"upper office" at police headquar
ters yesterday little was said as to the
probability o* Cronin being- the man
guilty of the black deed on Ellis street.
Captain Seymour simply said when ques
tioned that Cronin mig-ht be the man and
that he would not say he was not. Detec
tives were out all day on the case and it
was thought they were paying a good deal
more attention to the theory that Cronin
wjls Eortzmeyer's a-ssailstnt than Teas
being given out.
That Cronin is ju5t the man to commit
such a crime is certain. One glance at
him and his record is enough to convince
anybody of this. In appearance he is
everything that goes to make up a human
cougar, ready to spring in the dark and
utterly unconcerned as to whether death
were the result of any of his acts. His
record shows him to be a highwayman,
sa.fecracker and Jailbreaker. The fact
that he ¦was sent to the State Prison once
for highway robbery shows that that is
Included in his repertoire of crimes.
Generally the description of Cronin tal
lies with that given by Bortzmeyer of
the man who shot him. He is about five
feet six inches tall, ¦weighs about 455
pounds and has a thin, sandy mus
tache, large lips and a peculiarly promi
nent chin. His arms are plentifully tat
tooed and his nose hap been injured.
AVhen arrested he wore a soft round
black hat and black clothes.
Bortzmeyer describes his assailant as
a man of very short build, rather stocky
and with a prominent chin. He wore a
soft black hat. He had evidently not
been shaved for several days and seemed
very dirty and -ragged. Whether he had
JAIL MAY HOLD MAN
WHO SHOT BORTZMEYER
Suspect Cronin
Fits the General
Description as
vjnven oi a inii»
Served 4 Time for High
way Robbery and
Broke Gut of Placer
County Prison*
clared that he walked the streets of San
Francisco from Saturday evening to Mon
day nishi and occupied no room here dur
ing that ttime.
Cronin may have committed many of
the robberies that have taken place here
recently. He says he tirst met his com
panion last Saturday.
Cronin cannot keep out of jail long. He
was discharged from Folsom Prison
March 15 last, and was in the Placer
County prison . before the end of the
month.
It is said that the other prisoner's peo-
THE SAN FRAOS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, -1900.
TOO MUCH JEALOUSY
MADE MRS. ZAPF MAD
her repeated knocking she got in through
a window and found the dead body of
Mrs. Zapf lyinR, fully dressed, on the
bed. One end of a piece of rubber tubing
was in her mouth, tho other "end of the
tube being fastened to the gas fixture.
About an hour after tho body had been
taken to the Morgue the husband visited
tho Coroner's office and informed Deputy
Ccrcner fi'eenan that nis wife was af-
K.cted with an ungovernably jealous dis
position, ana that she fired a shot at him
on Monday ir.crning. This was not the
first of similar exhibitions of malignancy
on the part of his- wife, and he, made up
his mind that he v/ould no longer live
with her. He says he forcibly wrested
the weapon from her grasp before she
could fire another shot, and left his home
after telling her of his determination to
live apart from her.
Andrew Measel. a roomer in the flat,
was a witness to the shooting-, and moved
away at 11 o'clock on Monday forenoon.
Tnat was the last time that Mrs. Zapf
was seen alive. .She brooded over her
imaginary troubles until her mind gave
away, and then killed herself.
Tho couple had no children.
12
GEORGE LOGAN.
ADVEBTISEMENT^
S-J* fJ> v-» ¦"*—» I Oi I V-/C4.3 v^
-OF—
We will offer this week an
elegant assortment of LADIES'
FINE MUSLIN UNDERWEAR,
consisting of SKIRTS, CORSET
COVERS, GOWNS, DRAWERS and
CHEMISES, all. elaborately trimmed
with LACES and EMBROIDERIES.
The above goods are a special
importation, and will he sold at
veru LOW PRICES.
We have also received a most
complete stock of LADIES' SILK
WAISTS, both COLORED AND
BLACK.
111. 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. •
Dr. W. H. Mays resumed practice 1116
Sutter. cor. Larkln; res./ Hotel Granada,*
NOTE A FEW OF THE
BARGAINS
ARE OFFERING
To=Day £ andTo=Morrow
5 DRESS SKIRT SPECIALS.
LATDIES' OOVKRT CIjOTH OVERSKIRTS.r»Oc
LADIES 1 UXEN OVERSKIUTS... :t.'te
LADIES* LINEN OVERSKIIITS. ; nicely
-trimmed 4iic
LAIUEP' CAMPING OVERSKIRTS. heavy
material*, all colors 08c
ladiks' j'lQrirr ovekfkikts, 3^
yards wide Ijtl.UO
3 HOS!ERY~SPECIALS.
LADIES' FAST' ULACK HOSE, white or
fclack foot 1" l-2r; worth 20c
LADIES' HICHELIEU RIBBED HOSE.
*ilk and lirle thread mixed, the kind
that are sold all over for G0c; our price.. 25c
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBE1J HOSE, all
Fires, Hermsdorf dye 12 l-2c; worth 30c
4 GREAT VALUES IN WAISTS.
LADIES' WHITE PIQUE "WAISTS, sailor
blouse effect 81.4S
LADIES' WHITE LAWN WAISTS,
trimmed with insertion i»s«>
LADIES' WHITE ALLOVER EMBROID-
ERED WAISTS $1.25
LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, turked all
over, front and back 9Hc
25 Per Cent OfTon AH Corsets
for, To*£ay and To-Morrow.
BEST Jl 00 CORSET, eale prlc« ¦ 7.1c
BEFT 75c COKKET. eale price COe
KEPT J150 CORSET, sale i>rlee SI.OO
BEST ttVO CORKET, sale price $1.&O
BEST 12 50 CORSET, eale price $2.OO
CAREFUL ATTENT7oK GIVEN TO COUN-
TRY ORDERS.
MARKSBROS.,
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Be; ween Taylor and Jones.
$3 50 men's vie! kid shoes for $2 50 at the
Beehive Shoe Company. 717 Murket at. •
FIRST DIRECT IMPORTATION
—FROM—.
PERSIA ££T
Ru£s
"WILL BE ON
a»w WEDNESDAY, M:
-AT-
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sis.
Opposite City of Paris.
To be sold out at • j
...AUCTION...
COMMENCING
THURSDAY MAY lOth,
at 11 a. m. and 2 p. xn.
' DAILY.
This large collection sent to M. B.
Mihran from Persia direct, having: arrived
late In the season, has been put In my
hands to be sold out without reserve or
limit to the highest bidder.
A. W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AJTD FILLED AB.
BOLUTELT WITHOUT PAIN, by our 1st*
scientific method applied to the gums. No
Bleep-producing agents or eocaine.
These are the only dental parlors in Ran
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply «n
crowns and porcelain crown* undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
"WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full aet of
teeth J5. a perfect fit guaranteed or no par.
Gold crown.". $5. Gold fillings, Jl. Silver fill.
, lntrs. We All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. OIt»
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as w« advertise. We will tell yoa la advancs
exactly what your work will cost by a FREB
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS, 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
4- Room Furniture
for $98,
BEDROOM— Bedroom *«t, 7 pieces, hardwood:
1 rood Wire Spring. 1 good Top Mattress. 1
Pair Pillows.' - "
PARLOR— 5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Uphol-
stered fet.
DINING-ROOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table,
6 Oak 'Chairs.
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 No. 1 Stove. %
Chairs.
' No extra charr* on credit.
— MAKE YOUR OWN TERMS. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
| 13101312 Stockton St. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year