Ohio. May 4.— John R. LcLean. brother-in-law of Admiral Dewey, has abandoned the latter In
ft his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for President and has jumped into the front seat In the Bryan
ffy, Jf bandwagon. This declaration was made here to-night by AV. S. Thomas, chairman of the Democratic State
Central Committee, and was called forth by requests Mr. McLean sent to the Democratic State Central Com
mittee at its meeting in Columbus yesterday afternoon to fix a time and decide upqn a place for the Demo
cratic State Convention. . •
Bernard of Cincinnati. McLean's trusted lieutenant, was there armed with a letter from Mr. McLean, which he
showed to committee members. In it there were two requests. The first was that some week other than Dewey week
in Columbus be selected for the State convention meeting. The second was that Webster P. Huntington, who resigned
the editorship of the Columbus Press because of its editorial flop to the support of Dewey for the Presidential nomi
nation, be named for- temporary chairman of the convention.
Both of these requests were acceded to. In addition to this Mr. Bernard, speaking with authority, made the posi
tive declaration to the committeemen that Mr. McLean, would not be a candidate for and would decline . election as a
delegate-a"t -large . to the Kansas City convention. Thereason given therefor was that Mr. McLean did not want to have
it appear that he, who had been mentioned as a Dewey champion,, or any other man the Bryan men might be sus
picious of. should be sent to Kansas* City from Ohio. -
Mr. Thomas said that no misconstruction could be placed on McLean's action. It is taken to mean that Dewey's
candidacy Is to be abandoned. The plan is to let the people gradually forget the matter. Mr. Thomas said:
"Ohio is for Bryan first, last and all the time.'* • ..
NEW YORK. May 4.— John R. McLean's flop to the Bryan camp has an Important bearing upon the political situa
tion. It was learned onexcellent authority to-night that Admiral Dewey would accept the Vice Presidential nomination on
the Democratic ticket if it were tendered him, and- McLean's move Is "a', "part; of this programme. From authentic Repub-*
lican sources it is reported that Governor Roosevelt has consented to become McKinleyrs running mate should Dewey run
with Br;-an. . " • •
ST. LOUIS. May 4.— At a banquet here to-night Admiral Dewey in a speech eulogized England as America's best
friend, and said America could whip any nation in the world but England. -
McLEAN ABANDONS
DEWEY'S CANDIDACY
"The mounted infantry have gone on to
the Vet River. The rest of the force will
march the-re to-morrow. The railway has
been repaired to this point. Hunter re
ports very satisfactory news— that the
passage of the Vaal has been carried at
WindEorton without opposition."
Lord Roberts reports to the War Office
LONDON. May 4. 11:10 p. m.-The War
Office this evening issuer! the following
from Lord Robert?, «ated Brandfort
Friday. May 4:
ROBERTS REPORTS THE
PASSAGE OF THE VAAL
THABA NCHU. May 3.— The Boers
have evacuated Thaba Nchu Hill and are
beliew-d to be «tm trekking, though on*
gun ha:- s*v:i.yi the camp intermittingly.
Scouts report th-it seme e.f the Boers re
tired from Wepener. They believe the
Boer* evacuated the position during the
night, trekking northwardly in three dl-
General French left to-day. General
Rur.dle i« in command here. It is ex
pected that General Brabant will effect a
Junction at any moment.
>
BOERS EVACUATE
THABA NCHU HILL
LONDON. May 4.— In the House of Com
mons to-day several questions with refer
ence to the war were asked. The Parlia
mentary Secretary of the War Office, Mr.
Wyndham. said no 1 further reports had
been received from Lord Roberts with
reference to the Kornsprult disaster. Mr.
Wyndham quoted the Duke of Wellington
as precedent for the publication of the
Splon Kop dispatches. In so doing, he
paid, he resented the grave insinuation
that the Secretary of State for War was
guilty of anything dishonorable In re
quest General Buller to rewrite his dis
patch. Continuing* Mr. Wyndham said he
was prepared to discuss the question, of
the judgment and the discretion but not
of the honor or the rectitude of the Mar
quis of Lansdowne." •¦-¦<
ENGLAND MUST
DISAVOW THE SEA
WITCH INCIDENT
Special Dispatch to The CaH.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHING
TON, May 4.— Great Britain will be
required to , formally disavow the
search of the American ship Sea
Witch, providing the assertion of
her commanding officer that she
was overhauled in Portuguese
waters is proved. In its instruction
to Embassador Choate the State
Department expressed confidence
that the British Government would
take the course usually followed in
such matters. The instruction was
very friendly in tone, but Secretary
Hay left "it to be inferred that this
Government could not tolerate the
search of an American ship ' In
neutral waters. Had the search
occurred orr the high seas a differ
ent complexion would have been
placed upon the affair. _^
It is the expectation of the State
Department, that the British Gov
ernment will cable to South Africa
and direct that an investigation be
made. Should the investigation
show that the vessel was over
hauled in neutral waters it is ex
pected that Great Britain will apol
ogize; otherwise there may be a
diplomatic controversy growing out
of the incident.
Dr. Hollis, American Consul at
Lourenzo 'Marques, has cabled to
the State Department the deposi
tion of the master of the Sea Witch
relative to her search. It appears
from this statement that the vessel
was proceeding woll within Portu
guese waters when the British
warsh'.p was discovered. A signal
was at or.ee made and the Sea
Witch was told to heave-to. When
she- had complied with the direction
she was boarded and the crew
searched her from stem to stern
for contraband. The search was
unsuccessful and the Sea Witch
was allowed to proceed on her
course.
as follows under date of Bloemfontein,
"We occupied Brandfort to-day without
much opposition and without. I hope,
many casualties. The first brigade of
mounted infantry covered the left flank
of the Fourteenth Brigade of the Seventh
Division, and the right flank was support
ed by the Fifteenth Brigade. Pole-Carew"s
division advanced directly on Brandfort.
The Boer army, which was under com
mand of De'.arey, retired in a northeast
erly direction."
ROSEBERY SPEAKS IN
DEFENSE OF BULLER
asked, if it were true that as a conse
quence of the publication General Buller
had tendered his resignation, which was
refused. Lord Lansdowne replied that the
War Office had no knowledge of such a
step.
Proceeding, Lord Rosebery declared
General Buller had been placed In a cruel
position, pointing out 'that after the de
licious Joy of the public at the relief of
Ladysmith the War Office had set to work
to publish everything damaging, critical
and censorious upon General Buller in or
der to satisfy public curiosity, of which no
outward signs existed, and they were now
compelled to wash their dirty linen in
public.
After a brief reply from the Duke of
Devonshire, president of the Council, the
subject was dropped.
Boer Laager Shelled.
WARRENTON, Cape Colony, May 4.— A
British six-inch wire gun opened unex
pectedly on the Boer laager yesterday at
a distance of seven and a half miles,
throwing hundred-pound shells with won
derful accuracy and causing a hasty re
treat of the burghers." The bombardment
was continued to-day at all points by
howzlters and field guns, supported by
two companies of the Munster regiment,
the Boers being driven from shelter and
their guns being put out of action.
Hart Takes Smithfield.
ALIWAL NORTH, Cape Colony, May
4. — Smithfleld was occupied yesterday by
General Hart's brigade. Out of the"l50
Boers in the town twenty-five were cap
tured and the rest decamped. Ladybrand
was recently full of Boer wounded, who
have been removed to Ficksbury.
Prisoners to Be Sent to Ceylon.
COLOMBO. Ceylon, May 4.— It is said
that a batch of Boer prisoners will be sent
here. It is said the imperial Government
has approached the Ceylon authorities on
the subject and has asked fhe-m to select
a good site.
Boers Post a "Long 1 Tom."
LADYSMITH. May 4.— The Boers have
shifted their guns on the range of hills
facing the British front at Elands Laagte
and have posted a "long 1 torn" on a hill
in the direction of Wessels Nek.
4ONDON. May 5. 4:05 a. m.— The
mounteii infantry with L«ord
Roberts, among whicli are the
Canadians, have picketed their
horses on the south bank of the
Vet River, eighteen miles north of Brand
fort. The head of Lord Roberts' columns
has thus advanced thirty-two miles from
Karee Siding in two days, or fifty-three
miles north of Bloemfontein.
Little powder was spent. The British
¦work was hard marching, the Boers re
tiring out of the reach of the British
shells. The correspondents j?upplernt-nt
Lord Roberts' plain statements with a f«-w
detail?. As General Hutton. with the First
Mounted Infantry Brigade, drew near
Brandfort he saw a khaki-clad body of
troops ahead cf him. He was surprised,
but thought they must be the British.
Soon, however, they opened fire upon the
British, who replied heavily. They were
ih<i Irish-American Brigade from Lou
renzo Marqucz. and it is reported that the
Iri^h lo*t heavily.;: • '?Z~>~
The Boer flag was flyir.g over Brandfort
ss the British entered the town. Several
Brithh wounded were found in the hospi
tal. The Boer- postmaster gave up the
keys of the public buildings to Captain
Lord Kitchener arrived at Brandfort at
noon and Lord Robert? at <Iu. c k. General
French's' cavalry is sweeping the country.
northward. " The expectation is that the
infantry advance wijl Iwr continued toward
Kroonstad immediately.
Although no prison* rs were taken and
although no hot pursuit r/as attempted.
the news* gre-.it!y cheers London. Never
tbewes it had not been received with the
fine rapture that attended the first fuc
cescs o? Lord Roberts; General Hunter's
crossing the Vaal at Windsorton brings
the relief of Mafokinsr. 195 miles beyond,
almost -within j. calculable interval. It is
now regarded as quite possible that Mafe
king may be succored before the Queen's
The debate in Parliament on the Spion
Kcp dispatches proved a disappointment
to the supporters cf the Government. The
xnSniste-riulist papers confers to a' certain
amount of inconsistency and weakness in
the statements of the spokesmen of the
Government. On the other har.d. as the
Standard points out, the opposition pro
fesses to be well satisfied with the debate,
as they beliei'c it has rendered Lord
Lansdowne's continuance at the War Of
fice difficult.
We-pener is to be garrisoned with a
strong force from General Chermside's
division, commanded by Lord Castleton.
Henry F. Lucy, writing in the Daily
News, pays he has ascertained that Sir
Alfred M!Iner'«? letter against ladies vis
iting South Africa was written as the re
sult of an intimation from Queen Victoria.
A 100-POUND BRITISH SHELL BURSTING IN A BOER LAAGER.
(From the Sphere.)
After Lord Kimberley. the Liberal lead
er in the House of Lords, had declared
Barry Getz, Arrested on Suspicion of Being the Midnight Robber.
VETSERA WILL
NOT ATTEMPT
ANY DEFENSE
Youthful Highwayman Held
For Trial on His Own
Testimony.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. May 4.
Without raising his voice in defense and
willingly deferring to every proposition
of the prosecutors, Simon Vetsera was
held in $7500 bail to-day for trial upon
three charges of assault to rob, the ex
treme penalty of which is fourteen years'
imprisonment en each charge.
Only one of the five Oakland victims of
the strange young footpad could Identify
him, and thi3 witness, Harris C. Allen,
an architect, not only recognized the
youthful prisoner but fully identified the
pistol that was thrust In his face last
Saturday night.
Vetsera allowed Chief of Police Hodg
kins and Detectives Kyte and Hamilton
to relate to Police Judge Smith, with
much detail, the admissions and confes-
Another Suspect Arrested.
"W. E. Claffey, said to be a dangerous
character, was arrested on Geary street
early this morning by Officer Collins.
Claffey had a revolver In his possession
and was acting suspiciously. He was
charged with vagrancy and carrying con
cealed weapons.
Mrs. Moore's statement. He was shown
the mask and the revolver that was
picked up just after the robbery, but he
denied that h« had ever seen them, We
said he had not carried a pi3tol In months;
not since he came down from Alaska
some time ago. He said he carried a pis
tol up there, but that he had sold it before
he came down. In her statement Mrs.
Moore said she never saw him with a pis
tol and Tynes said the same thing.
That is as much of t£e- story as tho
police would grve out last night. Getz
was' arrested by Reynolds. Wren. Brown
and McMann, all men who are old police
men, and it is believed that they ha-1
more than was brought out In the ex
aminations to back their action. It was
admitted that Getz was arrested because
he had been heard to say something about
holding-up some one: because he was
seen near the place at about the time
of the hold-up, and because he answers
the rather vague description secured from.
Bortzmeyer in regard «o his assailant.
In addition the police say that they will
prove to-day that the revolver found near
the robbery and which Getz denied ever
having 1 seen does really belong to him;
that he got it from a friend and when
he got it he said he was going to hold
some one up.
CALIFORNIANS
CONFIDENT OF
BEATING YALE
Western Men in Good Form
for To-Day's Contests at
New Haven.
ODDS ARE AGAINST THEM
Outnumbered Two to One by Old Eli's
Athletes, Who Have the Ad
vantage of Being Ac
climated.
NEW HAVEN. Conn.. May 4.— The first
meet that California has had with Eastern
athletes since 1S95 will occur to-morrow,
and the team is determined to uphold the
honors gained by that famous 1S93 team,
which defeated every college in the coun
try.
"I have never seen a more determined
bunch of athletes," said a Yale man to
day.
And they are a determined bunch, be
cause every man on the team says that he
will run until he drops and that with
every stride he takes he will think of
dear old California in the foothills of
Berkeley.
In some events Tale will run two men,
while California will run but one man.
For this reason Yale thought it would be
fairest to only count firSt places, which
proposition was, of course, accepted by
Captain Drum.
Captain Drum is very confident and ex
pects to win by a score of 7 to 5. He has
prophesied that we will win the two hur
dles, high and broad jump, hammer throw,
one of the distance runs and the pole
vault. Modesty forbade him from saying
that hf thought he wduld win the quarter.
California's sprinter has got against him
in this ewnt the fastest quarter-mile runi
ner in the East. .':.sr'
Snitzer. Yale's end rush of the football
team, also a graduate of St. Matthew's
School, California, when seen on the
campus to-day made the following state
ment:
"I think that the chances of both team3
are equal, although Yale has the advan
tage of being accustomed to the climate."
Cunha, Yale's 'varsity baseball catcher,
mRde the following statement: "I think
that California has the advantage from
what I have seen of them." Cunha pre
pared for Yale at Lowell High School, San
Francisco. The general opinion of the
Yale men is that it will be a close match,
and that if California wins it will be by a
small margin. .,
- The -Yale bojy, have< shown • thsmsrt ves
to be gentlemen In every sense .of the
word. They have treated every one like
kings, and it will never be forgotten by
us. Our only hope is that we can have
a chance to repay them.
This afternoon Plaw was practicing with
Flannigan, the great Irish hammer throw
er, who has competed with all the East
ern men. He said that our young Califor
nian was the finest hammer thrower that
he ever saw. end that he had not yet
reached his limit. Flaw's triple turn was
an eye-opener to Flannigan. Plaw threw
the lead missile over 160 feet this after
noon. We had a number of Yale men visit
our headquarters to-night, and they all
wished us good luck, but still we could see
that they did not mean it.
We were also visited by two Califor
nians. Charles lluse, class of 1W0 of Cali
fornia, and John Lindley, a former t>tu
dent of Lowell High School, San Fran
cisco.
Clippings from The Call containing ac
counts of our baseball game with Stan
ford were received here to-night. They
were read by Captain Drum to the team.
At the reading of any man's name there
was' given a rousing cheer. To-morrow
we will go on the field with no more than
five Callfornians to cheer us on to vic
tory, but we will go into It as if the whole
college were there and cheering us every
moment.
The entries for to-morrow's meet are as
follows :
100-yanl dash: Tale— Fay A. Blount. I.
Richards: California— W. P. Drum, A. Cado
pan.
220-yard dash: Yale— D. Boardman. S. M.
Thomas: California— W. P. Drum, A. Cadogan.
«0-yard dash: Yale— D. Boardman. S. M.
Thomas; California— W. P. Drum. A. Cadogan.
SSO-yard run: Yale— H. P. Smith, H. M.
Poynter; California— Roy Service, Charles K.
Moser.
Mile run: Yale— H. Spear, "W. B. Weston;
California— C. K. Moser. Roy Service.
120-yard hurdle: Yale— J. B. Thomas, ¦ M. Ful
ton; California— R. Woolney, T. llamlln.
220-yard hurdle: Yale— J. B. Thomas. H. S.
Mead: California— T. Hamlin. Roy Woolsey.
High Jump: Yale— C. M. Talnter. G. Duval;
California— J. D. Hoffman, K. Woolsey.
Broad Jump: Yale — F. D. Cheney, H. D. Ells
worth; California— C. R. Hroughton.
Shot put: Yale— F. M. Beck. D. R. Francis;
California— A. D. Plaw, R. Woolsey.
Hammer throw: Yale— O. S. Stlllman, J. W.
Clark; California— A. D. Plaw.
Pole vault: Yale— B. Johnson (captain), W.
Adriance; California— J. D. Hoffman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BY p. M. WALSH-
THE police have Barry Getz. a young
ne'er-do-well, in the tanks, and they
believe they have the man -who for
the past few weeks has been terror
izing the paths of the late homegoers.
They believe he is the highwayman who
held up Hedburg on Wednesday mornlns
and the one who shot Bortzmeyer^Thurs
day morning. He has not been formally
charged with^any crime, but he .will be
taken to the Waldeck. where Bortz
meyer is lying, and if he be identified by
the injured man the charge will follow.
Getz Is a brother of the Getz who runs
the Manhattan Saloon on Geary street.
He lives with his mother at 930 E1H3 street
and yet has no means of livelihood. .. -... v - : :i
He was arrested last evening, about 9
o'clock, while on his way to the Orpheum
with a Mrs. Moore. He was taken at
once to the police headquarters, where he
was put through the sweating process,
while at the same time Mrs. Moore. John
D. Schloen, who keeps the grocery on
the corner of Ellis and Polk streets, and
David. Barney Tynes, a negro who
haunts that corner, were held for exam
ination.' .o'.,"*V, ;
The prisoner did not take particularly
well to the examination and at times be
came defiant and dared the police to do
their worst. He had but a hazy idea of
what he did and where he was Wednes-
Getz told the Chief he had not worked
in fourteen months. He lived on what hla
mother gave him. he said. She gave him
from a dollar to a dollar and a half
?very day and he made that do. He de
nied that he had any other place where
he lived besides his own home, I at 93) El-
Ii3 street. He said he was dressed on
Wednesday night Just as the Chief saw
him. gray clothes, blue linen shirt and a
white soft hat. Then he said he might
have worn a black Derby on Wednesday,
but he declared he did not own a soft
black hat. • In this he was corroborated by
That was the sum of the facts bearing
on the case brought out J>y the examina
tion. There are some more points, how
ever, that seem to make It better for Getz.
The saloon keeper and Tynes declared pos
itively that on the day after the robbery
Getz had no more money than usual. Getz
was In the saloon at noon on Thursday,
and he had no money to show.
David Tynes, the negro, was in the sa
loon when Getz entered. He said It was
not 12 o'clock when Getz left the place,
and it was just after 12 when he left him
self. He slept in a neighboring basement
and heard the shot, but he did not think
it was any business of his. He had heard
Getz refer in one instance to holdins up
two men. but he believed Getz meant that
he would fight them. In addition he vol
unteered the information that he did not
think Getz could have been the robber be
cause he believed Getz to be a coward and
a man without grit enough to tackle any
one on the streets.
John Schloen, the saloon-keeper, said
Getz came into his place about half-past 11
and left again at about 11:43. At a quar
ter past 12 Schloen says he closed his
place and was in bed when he heard the
shot fired.
day night before the robbery, but he was
positive he was in bed at the time it was
commuted. He paid he was out some
where — he did not know where — with some
one— he" did not know whom— and returned
to his home between 11:30 and 12 o'clock.
He said the reason he could not tell more
of his whereabouts was because he was
drunk. He denied that Mrs. Moore was
with him. although he afterward remem
bered that his companion was a woman.
Then he remembered that , he had gone
into Schloen's saloon before he went home
and also that he probably ¦went out to the
park. Beyond these statements, the re
peated assertion that he knew nothing
of the hold-up and that he was safe In bed
at the time it happened, the examination
revealed nothing.
, The examination . of Mrs. Moore was
more interesting, for on two points she
contradicted Getz's story. She said she
was with him the night of the hold-up,
and also that when he left her about 11:30
o'clock he was sober. She did not know
where they went nor what cars they took.
All she knew was that he went to the cor
ner of Ellis and Polk streets with her
about half-past 11 o'clock and there hu
left her. He did not see her home. She
lives at 706 Ellis, which Is between Lar
kln and Polk, while Getz's house is be
tween Van Ness avenue and Franklin
street.
Irish-American Brigade With the Retreating Boers
Engages the Infantry Under General
Hutton Near Brandfort.
It Is Claimed It Can Be Shown That He Owned
the 'Pistol Found Near the Scene of
the Hold-Up.
Barry Getz Arrested on Suspicion of As
saulting Bortzmeyer.
Advancing Columns Now Fifty Miles North
of Bloemfontein.
POLICE SURE THEY HAVE
CAPTURED THE FOOTPAD
ROBERTS IS PRESSING
ON TOWARD PRETORIA
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 1(56.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
the san francisco call.
Continued oa Second Pact.RENO, Nev..^May 4.— Swindler E. V.
Evans, wbo victimized a number of prom
inent business men of this city by means
of bopus checks payable on a San Fran
cisco bank, has been captured at Carlln.
Nov., and will be brought to Reno for
trial. It is said he has been working
nearly every town alone the railroad
from San Francisco to Reno. .
Means of Bogus Checks.
Sp»ri«l DiAMtCh to The Call.
Victimized Many Business Men bv
SWINDLER EVANS CAPTURED.
Colonel Jack Chirm Gives Some Im
portant Testimony in the
Goebel Case.
FttANKKORT. Ky.. May. 4.— In the ca*o
of W. II. Culton. charped with Complicity
In the Goebel, assassination. Captain J. F.
Howe, a Barbourvllle military officer, tes
tified that Caleb and. John Powers came
to him ten days before the assassination
and tried to pet him. to bring his company
to Frankfort disguised as citizens. lie
declined to do so unless ordered by Gov
ernor Taylor and no orders came until
after the assassination of Goebel onjJan
uary 30. . 1
Colonel Jack Chinn. who was walking
with (Joebel when tho latter was shot,
stated that he was sure the shot wua
fired from the- executive building.
Ed Steffe corroborated him. ¦
Private Dudley Williamson, who was
with the soldiers In the arsenal, testified
that, they got marching orders one hour
before' the assassination and were uni
formed and armed at the' time of the
tragedy. The soldiers did not know what
happened till' they -got almost to the State
House.
SHOT WAS r F!RED FROM .
EXECUTIVE BUILDING
Strike Declared Off.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. May 4.— The strike
of the employes of the Big Consolidated
Street Railway Company, which resulted
in much rioting during Its progress last
summer, has been formally declared off
by the union. A boycott was successfully
maintained for several months, which
proved very costly to the company. It is
announced now that a settlement satis
factory to the men has been reached. It
Is said that former employes desirous of
reinstatement will bo taken back.
TACOMA. May 4.— The North Pacific
liner Tacoma arrived to-day from Yoko
hama. She brought 500 Japanese, all but
15*8 being landed at Victoria. The Tacoma
will be fitted out for the Cape Nome trade
and leave here this month. . StJgB
More Japanese.
HONOLULU. April 27.— "If no further
outbreak of bubonic plapuc occurs in .Hon
olulu before that time all quarantine will
be' raised on the morning of the 30th of
April."
Such is the resolution adopted by the
Hawaiian Board of Health at Its meeting
on Wednesday last, for there have been
no suspicious cases reported this month.
Board of^Health.
RAISING THE QUARANTINE.
Resolution Adopted by the Hawaiian
Horatio Spr.igue was the junior of It. W.
He was regarded hs a young man of fine
business qualification!!. He was popular
•n society, but did not allow the pleasures
of social life to divert his attention from
business. .
Horatio Sprague. whose lamentable
death is here recorded, was well known in
San Francisco. He was a brother of R. H.
Fpra«ue. who married Mrs. tlelle W. Don
ahue, the rich widow of Colone! Mervyn
Donahue. The wedding took place at the
residence of Judge William T. Wallace,
tho bride's father, on October 11, 1»?4.
Spraprnp was caught hftworn tho rollers
of a sug-nr mill on the Adolino plantation
and crushed out of all semblance to hu
manity. Beside him.- when his clothing
became entanplcd In the machinery, there
stnrd. as helpless witn^sf^g of the tragedy,
threo New Orleans society girls whose,
names are familiar to the pmart set alf
over the country. Sprapup was showing
tlie young ladle?, who were visitors to the
plantation, over the sufcar mill when the
accident occurred find explaining the uses
of the various pieces of machinery to
them.
Mr. and Mrs. Sprague were entertaining
ft, house party, of which the young ladies
who saw his terrible death were members.
Sprague was part owner of the Adeline
plantation, being associated with his
uncle, Ben Oxnard of this city..
NEW ORLEANS, May 4-f-NeW Orleans
society was shocked to its very center to
nijrlit by news of tho tragic death of Ho
ratio Fprapuo, one of \ho most prominent
Foung men in the South ami who Is as
xvoll known in <'a!lfornia as Iip was In
Louisiana. lie was a native of Califor
nia, and married one of the prominent
women of that Statp. removing to Louisi
ana some years ago.
Special Dispatch to The'<;all
Horatio Sprague Crushed
Between 'Two Immense
Rollers.
MEETS TRAGIC
death IN A
SUGAR MILL
Condition of the Wounded Man. Is
Improving — Two Suspects
Lodged in Jail.
Fred Bortzmeyer, who was shot by. the
unknown footpad very, early Thursday
mornliiK. is improving lirvur by hour in the
Waldeck Sanitarium. His physicians', now
entertain strong hopes of hlf recovery. 1 '
Miss Grace Hall of San Diego, who Is
the fiancee of the victim, arrived yester
day and went immediately to the* bedside
of the wounded man. She was allowred to
remain in the sickroom, hut a short time,
owing to the precarious condition of
Itortzmeyer. Unless complications set in
there Is a fair chance of life for the ypung
man. »• • -*.-¦¦-.
So far the police have made little, prog
ress In their efforts to locate .the high
wayman. The two suspicious characters
now lodged in the tanks at the City Pris
on are George Neustadt and. Ovid Long.
Neustadt has not the best record, in the
world. He traveled around this city on
false representations sinde "his discharge
from the marine service after serving
two terms of imprisonment for desertion.
A year ago last JaniiafyVhe was arrested
in Oakland and a fewjjjionths ago came
before the attention of -the local police.
Ovid Long was"- occasionally employed
by A. B. Smith & Co. of 132 Ellis street;
That accounts for his possession of. the
taekhammer. He said. that Neustadt came
out to his house for a while on Thursday
evening and they walked -over to 'RHIs
and Polk streets to see where'the robbery
had occurred. Ovid claimed to bo a re
porter, hut the bluff was of no avail and
he was arrested. ••>-.".¦-¦ - ' ¦¦• . c
BORTZMEYER IS JOINED
BY HIS YOUNG FIANCEE
Vetsera maintains that he is of - high
family, and that he will keep the secret
of his* Austrian connections until he dies.
Chief Hcdgkins added that Vetsera said
he had held. up this trio thinking one of
them was a man. Had he known they
were all women he would not have mo
lested them.
Charles S. Green, librarian of the Free
Public Library, retold the circumstances
under which he was held up at Alice and
Thirteenth streets, hut he could not
identify Vetsera. The detectives and
Chief Hodgklns added their statements of
the confessions. Harris C. Allen gave his
testimony of the struggle with the young
highwayman.
Chief Hodgkins testified that Vetsera
said he had fixed the pistol so no cart
ridges could be exploded, as he did not
want to kill any one.
"I was so badly frightened." exclaimed
Miss Emma Biemann, who with Mrs. E.
Steddom and Miss Kate Bennett, were
held up on Boulevard Terrace, "that I
could not see anything but a dark-look
ing man and his pistol. His face was cov
ered as soon as he stepped out upon us.
We screamed and ran back to the. house.
1 could not Identify him." Mrs. Sted
dnm's evidence was similar. Miss Ben
nett was not asked to testify.
slons he volubly made concerning his
crimes in this city and in San Francisco.
He declined the services of an attorney,
and declared his only desire to be speedy
transportation to prison.
The three cases were heard most per
functorily, for there was qnly the legal
evidence necessary to prove reasonable
cause that Vet sera was guilty.
" "~"\ VEB since the announcement of the engagement of Miss Mary Crocker was
Hmarfe public much interest has been manifested by the elite of San Fran
ci«'-o in the personality of the fiance of the you'ig heiress. The Call here
. with presents the first picture of the prospective groom ever published
here.
Francis Burton Harrison is a son of Mr. an-1 Mrs. Burton Harrison of
New York City. He is a member of the Knickerbocker Club and graduated from
Yale It. 1S?5 and from the New York Law School two years later! Upon his grad
uation he entered the law firm of Evarts. Choatc & Beaman. During the -recent
Spanish war he served in Squadron A, having received from President McKlnley
a. commiBsion £s captain. In January, 1S39. he resigned and resumed the practice
of law. *>r
Continued from First Page.
POLICE SORE TREK
HAVE CAPTURED
THE FOOTPAD.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May V— This is Gov
ernor's night at the'earnival, and to prove
the high favor with which the elements
regard the statesman from the southland
rain water is running knee deep down the
carnival grounds, and men wearing high
rubber boots nre trying to rescue the ex
hibits from the deluge. On one memora
ble occasion In Rome, when Caesar, like
Gage; was about to occupy the theater of
public attention, the "cross blue lightning
seemed to open the breast of heaven" and
portentous things happened around the
imperial capital. The affinity between Ju
!,.J2 °, aesar and Gage might seem rather
difficult to establish, but the fact remains
that prodigies have appeared here to-day
such as to astound the most ancient in
habitants.
Governor Gage was to have ridden In a
hack to-night and bow his acknawledg
ments to the appreciative multitude, while
cannon boomed and loud huzzas rose from
the throats of the National Guard With
amazing disregard for this arrangement,
the skies flashed lightning this afternoon
and thunder roared over the city with
such force as to make the houses quiver
on their foundations. It was the severest
electrical storm Sacramento had expe
rienced in years. No sooner had It sub
sided than the very heavens seemed to
open, and for four or five hours the rain
fell in perfect torrents. A cloudburst
comd scarcely have brought about such
a scene of utter dejection. Most of thA
crossings were, soon made Impassable, and
they so remain to-night, the sewers being
unable to discharge the vast amount of
water running into them.
As a consequence, a man cannot walk
down the. carnival streets to-night without
rubber boots. None of the shows are
open, and vans and trucks are busy try
ing to rescue exhibits from the wet. With
a clear day to-morrow, however, it is
probable that the appearance of the, street
fair will be In a great, measure restored,
but Governor's day will descend in local
history as the dampest on record.
Much amusement was created by the
appearance this morning of one of the
'San Francisco papers with a solicited
statement from some of the, members of
the carnival committee thanking it for its
tremendous enterprise in maintaining a
"corps of writers- and artists" here dur
ing the fair, thus contributing to the ex
position's greater srlory. As a matter of
fact, the newspaper referred to has been
represented hero during carnival week by
a magnificent and versatile force of one
man. and his services to his paper, to the
fair and to the public have chiefly been
along the line of judicious scissoring of
the accounts in the local evening paper.
The Call is the only San Francisco paper
which has had an artist bore, and while
its pictures have admittedly been the only
good ones of the floral parade and Chinese
carnival yet published, it. has not impor
tuned the committee for a signed declara
tion to that effect.
To-morrow night will witness the'wind
up of the carnival. R*>x will hold sway In
the person of George W. .Tackson — the" se
cret's out— and his chief functionary will
ho Frank E. Wright.' The new pavilion
will be the scene of festivities, and there
promises to baa. furious reign of fun.
Rain Prevents Exhibition
of Gage in a Chariot
of Glory.
GOVERNOR'S DAY
AT SACRAMENTO
A DAMP FAILURE
The State Bank Commission's work was
the subject of a paper by Commissioner
B. D. Murphy, who gave a list of the
banks of the State, their character, the
amounts on deposit, etc. He showed that
the deposits in the savings banks of Call*
fornia showed that the per capita is
greater than that of any State in the
Union, a fact on which the people should
congratulate themselves.
The convention adopted resolutions of
respect to the memory of the late James
Thompson, who was a prominent member
of the association. The following resolu
tion was also adopted:
Resolved, That the taxation of State, county
and municipal bonds, including «chool district.*.
Is without resulting benefits, but urolific of
evil, ns It occasions the loss of monry to tax
payers. d*r>reoiat*s publli: and private credit,
imp^lrd resr>ert for th<» law. and lessens the
public conception of the sanctity of an oath;
vhrr^fore the convention recommends that the
constitution of the State be so amended as to
exempt nubile securities from taxation.
Resolutions were adopted thanking those
who had addressed the convention, the
people of Sacramento for courtesies ex
tended, the Secretary of State for the use
of the Senate chamber and the press for
their' rcprtrts of the proceedings. The fol
lowing officers were elected:
President. M.i C. AltPchnl. San Francis
co; vice president. J. M. Elliott. Los An
geles; secretary, R. M. Welch; treasurer.
G. W. Kline: executive council. I. Stein
hnrt. A. II. R. Schmidt/ A. Goldstein. C.
W. Bush. J. R. Ryland and XV.. A. Hall.
The secretary's salary was raised from
ff»O to $7"> per month.
To-night the members of the association
held a conference, and to-morrow they
will go on an excursion to Kolsom and
visit the State prison and the big electric
power and light plant on the American
River. .
Professor Carl C. Plchn of the State
University delivered an address on "Cali
fornia Methods and Systems of Taxation."
At the afternoon session John P. Irish
read a paper on the consular system of
the United States. He took the ground
that men should he specially trained for
that branch of the service, and that the
system should be divided Into groups, ac
cording to the character of the service
required. He spoke of a bill that was
yesterday introduced in Congress provid
ing for such classification of the consul
ates and training of men for the positions
thereunder. At the close of Mr. Irish's
remarks the convention adopted a resolu
tion commending the proposed enactment.
Professor Plenn of the State University
spoke on the foreign commerce of the Pa
cific Coast. He commended the Pacific
Commercial Museum and its work, and a
resolution was adopted by the convention
to that effect.
'SACRAMENTO. May 4.— At the conven
tion of the State Bankers' Association this
morning a paper was read by C. \V. Bush
of the Volo Bank at Woodland on the
subject "The Banker and the Public."
Closing 1 Session of the Con
.vention at Sacra
mento.
ASSOCIATION OF
BIKERS ELECTS
NEW OFFICERS
WHEATLAND, May 4.— An unusually
heavy ruinstorm visited this section this
afternoon.- Rain begun -falling about 2
o clock and continued until 6:30 p. m.. dur
ing which time 1.52 inches of rain fell.
Between 3 and 6 the precipitation was
lully a.n Inch. The weather Is still unset
tled and the prospect Is for more rain.
WOODLAND, May i.— The weather has
been showery for. nearly twenty-four
hours and as a result a great deal of thtt
hay crop has been seriously Injured. The
farmers are hopeful that the gain In late
sown wheat will offset the loss in hay.
SANTA BARBARA. May 4.— There has
been u steady rainfall since early this
morning. The precipitation amounts to
one inch here, some of the neighboring
valleys reporting as much as* 1.25 Inches
up to this evening. A good summer crop
is now assured.
STOCKTON. May 4.— During the past
twenty-four hours ending at midnight .75
of an inch of rain fell here. It is still
raining and the indications are that it
will continue falling for some hours. Just
15.15 Inches has fallen this season Grow
ing grain is greatly benefited. A good crop
Js ussured. ¦ - .
Is the vicinity of Saticoy. Montalvo, Siml
and parts of Canada harder. The trees
in Ventura and Santa Barbara are in ex
cellent condition, which will Insure high
prices for the fruit crop to be harvested.
SAX DIKGO, May 4.-Not since 1SS4 has
there been as much rain during a day in
May as that which fell here to-dav
Krom 11 a. m. until 7 d. m. there was 'a
heavy downpour, with only brief intermis
sions. Up to 5 p. m. the precipitation was
M. During the next two hours about
.25 of an inch fell. The rain will be of
immense benefit to the fruit ranches and
to late sown hay. Hay already cut is
damaged, but the quantity is- not large.
The storm was general In the back coun
try, but not'qulte as heavy as on the
coast.
; The beets at Oxnard have hern thriving,
the result of irrigation, and the rainfall
will not have the important bearing upon
operations there as is the- case at the
(Mark factory at Los Alamitos. The Chino
factory will not be operated this year.
Seven thousand acres are in beets adja
cent to the Los AlamltOS works.
The rain to-day has saved the corn crop
in its entirety and has done similar ser
vice for deciduous and citrus fruits in
Southern California and for beans In
Ventura. Loose hay iying out may be
somewhat damaged, but the good to other
products will make the damage, whatever
it may be. a s'mali matter.
* ho mountains are t. very whore covered
with snow, which assures an abundant
water supply for irrigation.
Apricots will he short this year owing
to ah unaccountable dropping of the blos
soms In the orchards throughout this end
of the State. The territory mo3t affected
As one or the results of the present
storm the sugar factories aV Oxnard and
Los Alamitos wjll both be operated dur
ing the coming season on full time. This
means that nearly $2,000,000 will from this
source atone be distributed in- and about
Los Angeles during the coming summer.
Had 'the dry weather continued the Los
Alamitos factory would probably not have
been operatcd-.this year at all. The lust
rain assured a partial crop of Ijeets and
the storm of last night and to-day guar
antees that a complete crop of beets will
be harvested.
LOS ANGE1.ES. May 4.— The drought
which has affected Southern California
for the pas.t three years was broken at. a
lau> hour last night. Vp to 5 p. m. .66 of
an inch- of . rain fell In the city, but re
ports from interior points show a much
heavier fall.
LONG DROUGHT IN
THE SOUTH BROKEN
Rainfall in Los Angeles and San
Diego Counties Worth Millions
of Dollars to Residents.
NEW YORKER WHO WON
MISS CROCKER'S HAND
Relief measures were quickly taken.
The officials of Sandon donated ?300 and
mining men there contributed J300U. Kaslo
raised $1800 and sent up a special train
with large supplies of" food, tents and
clothing. More- relief is needed.
The Minors' Hospital and a drug store
were blown up In the effort to stop the
flames. By this time all the lower part of
the town, 'including the tenderloin and
many business places, were gone. Then
the firemen blew up the Kcho Hotel, one
of the finest buildings in the Jvooten.il
country, the Canadian Pacific Railroad
station and other builfiinps. In order to
save the valuable stores of II. Geisrertch
and II. Byers & Co". This was accom
plished. Half a dozen other building? at
the extreme rnds of the town were saved.
Including the electric nower-house. The
rest of the town was drawn into the mael
strom of flames.
The alarm was sounded shortly after
midnight and quickly the streets wero
tilled with hundreds of men and women.
The flames started between Spencer's Hall
and Brown's store. Two streams 5oemed
to hold the flames In checK for a while.
Then one" stream gave out and the flames
spread rapidly. After that it was only a
matter of the fire burning- itself out.
At 4 p. m. a train came in from Sandon.
bringing a number of those who lost all
their property. They reported that the
total Ipss was between SWD.000 and $1,000,-"
000. white tho Insurance could only have
been about $25,000.-
KASLO. B, C. M£y ):— Sandon. the sec
ond mining town of importance In the Slo
can district, has been completely de-'
stroyed- by . fire and nearly all its 12'X)
people are homeless "anil ruined. Kaslo is
twenty-eight "miles from Sandon; but
about midnight' large clouds of smoke
came rolling over this town from Sandon.
At once word went out that Sandon was
destroy <xi, but no news, could be had from
the desolate town, as all wires had been
burned.,
Firemen Blow Up Several Buildings
in an Attempt to Stay the Prog
ress of the Confla
gration.
WATER SUPPLY GIVES OUT
Million Dollar Loss and
Hundreds Homeless at
Sandon, B. C.
MINING TOWN
DESTROYED
BY FLAMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1900.
FRANC'S BURTON HARRISON.
2
Look out .for the. story*- of
Uncle Sam's haunted. ships In "
tlic magazine section of next
Sunday's Call. If you love
good ghost stories here is one
to your taste. .
You are made aware of the necessity for cleansing
• your blood in the Spring by loss of appetite, humors,
eruptions and other outward sig*ns of impurity. Or,
that dull headache, bilious/nauseous, nervous con-
dition and that tired feeling are due to the same
cause — weak, thin, impure blood. America's Great-
est Spring Cleanser is Hood's Sarsaparilla. " It
brushes away the cobwebs, makes the blood rich and
pure, gives a clear, healthy complexion, good appe-
tite, sweet sleep, sound health. In medicinal merit,
in wonderful cures, in enormous sales, it is peculiar
to itself. Get the best— Hood's— and get it TODAY.
UHblN
SAN FRANCISCO
TO
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway System begs to
announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to
Chicago- 2550 miles.
It is the only railway which owns and controls its track from
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan..
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and. it
hopes to receive a generous proportion of ahe public patronage
May 1st freight will be handled regularly to and from the East
and all points in the San Joaquin Valley and Southern Calif ornia.
Freight Depot: Corner Spear and Harrison Streets.
The date for inaugurating passenger train service will be
announced later.
JOHN J. BYRNE, EDWARD CHAMBERS,
General Passenger J gent, General Freight Agent.
Lines west of Albuquerque.
W. A. B1SSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe Systtm.
Spring tire is nervous exhaustion ;
mind and body cannot rest at night.
The constant strain of work and
severe climatic changes in thespring
weaken and inflame the nerves.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Strengthens the Nerves.
H. D. SCHUYLER. 73 State St., Albany, N.Y.,
writes : "Every spring I have a drowsy, logy feeling, loss of
appetite and poor sleep, and am very nervous. Last March I
began taking Paine's Celery Compound, and I never felt so well
in my life as since using it. I gained ten pounds in flesh and it
strengthened my nerves. I can recommend Paine's Celery Com-
pound to even-body in the spring months, especially those whose
nerves and brain are under constant strain."
PAINE'S Celery Compound is the
spring medicine of American people
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
I/D£\f* U Were Fueoessful at Nom» la*t
rVrVWOlI year. All others failed. Tn opera-
tion daily. S Stevenson «t.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Daily. «C3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
ASSAVINO.
LKARV to pan. amalpareat*. .' In 10 day?.
IT0. VAN IjKR NAILLEN. ?53 Market st.
O^EDOINO PUMPS".
<fur centrifuF^l rump* are coins to Cap* Nome,
nr»"vou? Better buy ooti just the pump for
travel; ha F int«>r<:hanj:esblr part*. \V. T.
UAI'.nATT & <X).. cor. Fremont and Xatoma
*ts.. P. F.
DPEDGIMJ PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Helst«. f>ntrlfu»ral rump*.
Ernrtr#f*noilprn. Hen<JvMach.\Vk!>..4<) Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fr*>sh -or Fait water for sl-.it<-e boxes;
hiKti rr low lifts. Fimomlc, 33 Market i>t.
E'GINES.
In Ftr."k. Bl»am. «r*?. casollre; full line; mfr».
p r lr»f. Ameri>~«n Mfrs. A«=n.. 20 Fremont.
GOL » " SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Ck>l<1 Separator an-1 Amalgamator in
daily opfratirn. Wm. H. Birch & C o.. 133 m.
GOLD SEPARATOR. •
MABFHALL O>1<1 Favingr Ma'-hfn-.-' Sgt Fol-
*<->m street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
, CONCENTRATORS.
rATTF.RFON'P "Arme" Concentrator works
Mack tar,<i «1silj\ 27 MisFl^n !=t.. "»>
FIBPE GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
Pave* fine f>l(): no pl*t»», mercury or motion.
In ripfratlrn 11 Spear *t
GOLD-S4VtNG MACHINE
In operation flajiv at Mirm* Fair, Central
Park. Offlcp 1ST Pfak- st.
ECLIPSE COLO -S A VI NO MACHINE.
Portable. rev«-rFir>!e,~haU-bearinic: rapacity 36
tors daily; weight 100 lbs. 303 Mission Bt.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klenflike r-naniplon elulce saves r n M; competi-
tion Invited. 1TSS 15th et., corner Guerrero. ,.,
""rockers. " ~ ¦
Tb» lightest, cheapest anil proven the best for
placer work. 1921 »* Mtuslon «.
PAPKS ALASKX ROCKER.
Rorkine pump* the water; self-clearing riffles;
motion continuous. J Natoma-Ft.
PLATE* FOP SAVING GOLTV
Frhaeziem & 'Purrl<5ge. 3 Hardi* place, off
Kearny. ti'tween Putter and Bu*h street*. "
F. VT. BELL, rentral Platlnp Works, &2 Mls-
*lon *t.. P. F. Phone Jewle 301.
' SILVER-PLATED MININO PLATES.
CET them at OeTir.iFton'c Han Francisco Plat-
Injt Wrrks, 6«2 Mission at,
TANKS.
TAVKP— r«rin> Tank Co.. manufacturer*. 23
Baal* .M.. S. F.. Zi% -K. 2A St.. I>;s> Ang»>«.
NOME MININO SCHOOL.
I>e«m tn know r^ld and mvc it. to handie
emaJsnrnatlni? plate*. .etc.. Central Tark.
GROCERIES /Nt> PR1VISIONS.
Outfit* racked. IRVINE BROP.. B^) Howard.
jr# Fourth. 13C2 Polk «nd 1441 Stockton, P. F.
. LIQUORS.
tt'HICLTV BT.ATfc FJKKn. TiethejKJa Water,
n IlljhCI CAHEN & pf>N. 418 Sacramento st.
WHISKY.
RITKTFS DVC CHRISTY & WISE Commer-
nliXlLiV MIC- cial O... ZZ7-S29 Sansome St.
PORTABLE I'OUSES.
BrnNHAM-PTANDEFOnn CO.. WaFhinjtton
and lKt sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex., S. K.
OASOLINF E>G!NE«.
HERCt'LES GAS ENGINE WORKS 1* filling
many order* for Nome. 141-143 First et., ?. F.
SllFltSLOOBsrlearArrived in front of the castle, the Em
perors reviewed three of the finest Prus
sian regiments. Emperor Francis Joseph
complimented Emperor William upon their
appearance and then entered the palace,
where the Empress and the Princesses
were waiting to receive him.
Reviews Three Regiments.
A short distance farther the cortege
passed ! several embassies, which were
handsomely decorated. On the balcony of
the Russian embassy sat a score of diplo
mats, to whom the Emperors smilingly
bowed.
As Emperor William's eye met a largo
star-spangled banner floating from the
United States embassy and caught sight of
the United States Embassador, Andrew C.
White, at the window with a number of
distinguished Americans, his Majesty gra
ciously bowed, and then, turning to his
aid-de-camp. Count von Moltke. he or
dered the escort to proceed at a canter,
the progress being too slow to suit him.
whereupon the outriders whipped their
horses and the imperial party fast disap
peared from sight.
Welcome" and presented a bouquet of
flowers to Francis Joseph, who shook the
young girl's hand, thanking her. There
was a loud outburst of cheering as the
Emperors drove away.
One carriage contained Count Gulochow
skl. the Austrian Imperial Minister of
Foreign Affairs, and Count Van Szoegny-
Marich, the Austrian Embassador to Ger
many, in the picturesque costume of a
Hungarian magnate. At the triumphal
arch the procession halted and Mayor
Klrchner delivered a speech of welcome,
in which he referred to Emperor Francia
Joseph as the "trusty ally of the first
three rulers of the newly created German
empire," and as the general prince of
peace, who had ceaselessly, zealously and
successfully striven to preserve to the na
tions of the world the blessing* of peace.
The Austrian Emperor replied with a
few conventional words, and the Mayor's
.daughter recited Wildenbrucn's "Ode of
Greeted by the Mayor.
General Count von Wald'rsee were much
commented on.
Imposing Military Pageant Led by Two Em
perors Threads the Streets of the
German Capital.
Francis Joseph Greeted With
Regal Pomp and Ceremony.
BERLIN WELCOMES
AUSTRIA'S RULER
THE LATE JAMES CAMPBELL.
To-Day and Monday
Are sales days at Marks Bros. 1 , 1212-1214
Market street. _ . *
Appointed Field Marshal.
BERLIN, May 4.— Emperor Francis Jo
seph of Austria has appointed Emperor
William field marshal general of the Aus
trian army.
August. 1896. v *
-According to the story told to the Grand
Jury at the time ' Campbell was decoyed
on Monday afternoon. August 4, to a lone
ly cottage, 4109 California* street, and on
entering was confronted by a masked man
wh6* presenting a pistol, ordered, him to
throw up ¦ his hands. Realizing at once
that • he wa» : the .victim of .a, villainous
.plot and 'forgetting- his age, the old man
dealt* his. 1 adversary a stunning ,, blow,
which- sent him to the floor. . firing ; as he
fell. The ; bullet grazed Mr. Campbell's
head, but hegrappled with his man, se
cured the pistol and had managed to get
partially out of . the door, when'he was
struck /on - the head by winthrop ; with a
hammer or some other heavy instrument,
and felled to the floor. He was then hand
cuffed and securely bound. -
Next he was lifted to a chair, where.
For this crime O. W. Winthrop. th©
principal, was sent to San Quentin for
life. '-•^j^c^^a^asa^gt^^.ma^paMBB
strapped and gagged, he. sat for twenty
consecutive hours, suffering great physi
cal and mental agony. 'All the money he
had on his person,' some $300, was taken
from him. After a time he was placed
on a bed and the real purpose of the pro
ceeding came out. He was offered his re
lease by his captors if he would sign a
check for $20,000 and direct his wife to get
it cashed and. turn the money over .to
them. This Campbell refused to do, say
ing he would die first. .Neither, torture nor
threats moved him and after fifty; hours
of . vain endeavor, to effect their purpose.
In : which they —employed almost -every
means short of murder, r on Wednesday
evening at- 9 o'clock he was released and
returned to • his hotel. -
DEAD WOOD. S. D.. May 4.— Colonel M.
H. Day. prominent in business and poli
tics of the Black Hills for many years,
died at midnight of appendicitis. He had
been In the hills ever since 1878 and had
been among the most prominent in devel
oping their resources. He commanded the
State troops during the Sioux uprising in
1S91. Interment will be at Oakland, Cal.
0
Colonel Day Dead.
MARSHALLS. May 4.— News reached
here to-day of the death at Sacramento
Landing of an Indian woman named
Muchicaras at the age of 110. The old
Spaniards about the settlement claim that
the woman was the, last survivor of a
once wealthy and powerful family. She
was born at Bodega, Sonoma County.
Death of a Centenarian.
Sr*clal Dirpatch to The Call
The millionaire. Hawaiian' planter will
be remembered • In this , city for .- the
bravery and fortitude with which he re
sisted an attempt on ;the part of O. W.
Wlnthrop and another to extort from
him a larce sum of money In the month of
HONOLULU, April 27.— James Camp
bell, the millionaire land owner
and capitalist of Honolulu and San
Jose, Is dead. San Franciscans^
will remember him as the man whose
nerve and determination sent Wlnthrop to
San Quentin.
James Campbell was one of those stal
wart characters who advertise the possi
bilities of the new world for men of cour
age, energy, perseverance and thrift.
Born in Londonderry, Ireland, nearly
eighty years ago. he arrived at Laholna
in 1852 as the ship's carpenter on one of
the numerous whalers which then visited
that port. He settled there and married
Hannah Burla. who died some five or six
years afterward, without issue, but leav
ing a small property to the widower.
•In the sixties he commenced to: climb
the.rugged hill to prosperity by establish
ing the now famous Pioneer sugar plan-*
tation at Lahaina, working in the fields
or in the mill as a common laborer, and
using a mule for the motive power for
grinding.
In the eighties Turton bought out
Campbell for $500,000, and while Turton
failed Campbell's pile increased, until
eventually he became the largest land
owner in the country. The vast Ilonou
liuli ranch, upon 'which is the Ewa plan
tation (and Pearl Jtfarbor), ! and through
which the railroad runs, was his. in
Honolulu he owned Improved real estate
of great value and had a large interest In
the First American Bank of Hawaii. In
California he also had large investments;
including the ownership of the St. James
Hotel at San Jose. It Is estimated that
his estate will be valued in the neighbor
hood of $3,009,000 at the very least.
In 1879 James Campbell married Abi
gail Kuaihelani Maipinepine- (Bright), by
whom .he had. eight children, four of
whom survive, the Misses Abigail and
Alice, who are at Notre Dame Seminary,
San Jose, and the; Misses Muriel and
Mary Beatrice, who are here.
It may now be announced that prior to
Mr. Campbell's illness a marriage had
been arranged between Miss Abigail
Campbell, who graduates - this year, and
Prince David Kawanakoa, and in due
course of time, it is understood, the cere-*
mony will be solemnized. ¦ ; .
Mr. Campbell died late in the night of
Saturday, the 21st.- and - was burled on
Monday, the 23d.- The funeral services
were held at his beautiful, residence on
Emma street. The Right Rev. Dr. Al
fred Willis, bishop of Honolulu, officiated,
attended by Rev. Canon VKItcat, and a
special choir sang the funeral hymn. The
interment was in the family Vault in Neu
mann Cemetery, and the pall bearers
were Hon. Godfrey . Brown. H.'.-M. ¦ von
Holt, Dr. Miner, E. S. Cunha and J. M.
Dowsett. . '-, .•¦'.¦¦• ;
Special Correspondence of The Call.
Passing of a Man
Who Was Once
Abducted in This
City.
MILLIONAIRE JAMES CAMPBELL
DIES AT HIS HONOLULU HOME
v on May 15.
Special Dlffratch to The- Call.
WASHINGTON. May 4.— The following
pensions were granted to-day: Califor
nia: Original— Andrew H. Young. San
Bernardino. $12; Hiram Hays, Escondido,
$S; John S. Doran, San Francisco, $S. In
crease—Nelson W. Morgan, Miramonte
$12: Michael McGeraty, Soldiers' Home
Los Angeles, $10; John Patten, San Fran
cisco, $10. Reissue — Jacob W. Kouts. On
tario. J12. Original widows, etc.— Ellen
Cotter, San Francisco,' $S. War with
Spain, original— Frank W. Eaton, San
Francisco, $72.
Oregon. Original— Henry Bloom. Neha
lem. $G. Increase— Hannon Ellis, Ash
land, $12.
Washington: Additional— Alexander II.
Keith, Gould City. $S. Increase— Francis
M. Ellsworth. Spokane. $10; Abram Voor
hees. New Whatcom, $8.
Josephine Pedersen has been commis
sioned Postmaster of Springville. The
Postmaster of Seattle. Wash., will dis
patch through registered pouches for
Portland. Or., and San Francisco, Cal.,
via Seattle and Portland R, H. O. at 10
a. m. Instead of via same line at 7 a. m.,
as at present.
Representative Cortiss of Michigan to
day introduced a resolution fixing May 15
for consideration of the Pacific cable bill,
with a vote thereon the following day.
Pacific Cable Bill May Be Discussed
OF INTEKEST TO THE COAST.
Brother of the Actress Is Convicted
of Cattle-Stealing win
Nevada.
WIXNEML'CCA, Nev.. May 4.— The jury
in the Bouton case, after being out eigh
teen hours, brought In a verdict of guilty
yesterday afternoon. The crime for which
Bouton was tried was the stealing of fifty
three head of cattle belonging to the Mc-
Kissicks of Long Valley, California. Bou
ton. in company, with James Shaw, the
train robber, and James O'Connell. now in
the penitentiary for forgery, brought the
cattle into Nevada and sold them- to
Henry J. Thies, a prominent cattleman at
Love-lock. Bouton was indicted ten times
for cattle stealing and was tried twice.
The cases have excited great interest in
the country* and will result in a political
issue between the cattlemen and the
friends of Bouton at the fall elections.
Victor Bouton was the ringleader and the
other" members of the pang- are still at
large. A sensational incident to-day was
the arrest of Willard O. Gentry for per
jury, upon the complaint of A. F. Trous
dale. County Commissioner. Gentry tes
tified that Trousdale and Laurentzen had
offered him money to testify on behalf of
the cattlemen.
VERDICT OF GUILTY
FOR VICTOR BOUTON
RAISING THE AMERICAN FLAG AT PAGO PAGO.
> Old Glory was unfurled to the breeze at Uncle Sam's new harbor in the Samoan group at 10:30 o'clock on the morn- 4
> ing of April 17. The illustration shows the United States ship Abarenda and the German warship Cormoran firing a
> salute to the stars and stripes. This is the first picture of the event published in the United States. From a photograph t]
taken specially for The Call. . i
PAGO PAGO, Island of Tutuila, April 17. — The American Hag was raised over this port zvith
impressive ceremony to-day, and in an official manner was the fact proclaimed to the world that
the terms of the recent tripartite treaty Germany, England and America had gone into
effect.
The occasion was a gala one indeed, and was under the direction of the officers of the U. S. S.
Abarenda, Captain Tillcy commanding. An international aspect ivas lent to the affair by the* presence^
of the German warship Cormoran, Captain Emmsmann. The latter officer had invited all of the Amer
ican citizens at Apia to accompany him to Pago Pago, and a large number availed themselves of the
privilege. Governor Soft took an active part in the proceedings as well.
About 1000 natives from other islands besides Pago Pago and vicinity were present.
The actual ceremony of the flag raising was preceded by the reading of the treatv and the order
of the Secretary of the Navy by Captaui Tillcyr Thereupon the native? priests of Pago Pago conse- :
crated the flag before it was raised, performing a weird and unique but thoroughly impressive cercmonv.
As the Stars and Stripes were .in furled to- the breeze and quickly hauled to the polehcad by the
sailors of the Abarenda, there belched forth from the ship's cannon a salute of twenty-one guns which
whs follozved by a similar salute from the Cormoran., A native chorus from the London Mission
sang" America" in English and added two verses in Samoan. The ceremonies closed zvith several con
gratulatory addresses on the part of the native chiefs.
The remainder of the day was spent in all kinds of athletic contests held under the auspices of
the officers of the Abarenda. In the evening the prices zverc distributed. •
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON* HOTEL. WASHINGTON. May 4.—
The opinion pronounced yesterday by
Judge Loekran in the United States Dis
trict Court cf Minnesota that the Federal
constitution extends to Porto Rico ex pro
prlo vig-ore excites little interest here.
Public men generally do not care to dis
cuss the matter in the absence of details
of the proceedings in court and without
the full text of Judge Lockran's decision.
The constitutional question involved will
ultimately— and possibly at the present
session of the United States Supreme
Court— be decided by that tribunal. Mean
while comparatively little importance i<*
attached to the decision of the Inferior
court. The Evening Time*= alone of the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Question Involved Is One WMch
the Supreme Court of the -
ITation Must Pass
Upon.
Statesmen Attach Little Im
portance to Lockran's
Decision.
YET IN DOUBT
AS TO STATUS
OF PORTO RICO
After reviewing the facts of the case
the court said that according to the de
cisions of the Supreme Court of the
United States a military commission was
without jurisdiction to try a civilian in
United States territory in time of peace.
He considered Porto Rico territory of the-
United States and subject to the consti
tution the minute it came under the con
trol of this Government. Unless the con
stitution extended to Porto Rico In ad
vance of action by Congress. Congress
would have no power to legislate for the
island at all. because it has no authority
to legislate for any except territory to
which the constitution has extended.
. The decision was given in the case of
Raphael Ortiz, a Porto Rican, who Is
seeking release from the State Prison at
Stillwater on the ground that hla trial for
murder by a military court was unlawful
because as an American citizen he was
entitled to o. trial by jury. His applica
tion for a writ of habeas corpus Is denied,
however, on the ground that the island
was in a state of war before the ratifica
tion of the treaty when the murder was
committed and that therefore the mili
tary court had jurisdiction.
Washington newspapers comments on
Judge Lockran's decision. It says in part:
"The decision.. unless reversed, which
It will not be. makes the Payne-Foraker
law, with its carpetbag loot commission
and Its illegal taxation in the interests of
trusts, as valid In American territory as
a decree of the Ahkoond of Swat would
be. We are unable to say whether or not
quick appeal to the tribunal of last resort
will be possible. It is to be hoped that it
will, since it is manifestly unjust to leave
in technical suspense the political status
of Porto Kico, concerning which there is
in fact not a scintilla of doubt. The Su
preme Court will adjourn in June and it
is the determination of the administra
tion to prevent any test case from reach
ing -it before that adjournment and thus
postpone a binding decision until after the
Presidential election."
lery, with a total of 17.448 men. It pro
vides for an increase of 100 in the corps of
cadets In West Point, two at large from
each State, and ten more to the present
number of twenty from the United States
at large. The rank of the commanding
general of the army is raised to that of
lieutenant general, and that of the adju
tant general to major general, the latter
being during the incumbency of the pres
ent administration— General Corbin. The
President is empowered to place on the" re
tired list any officer who has been sus
pended from duty l*y sentence of court
martial or by legislative order in mitiga
tion of such sentence, for a period extend
ing to or within one year of hie compul
sory retirement for age. This is well un
derstood to apply to Commissary General
Eacan.
An amendment creating a veterinary
corps for the army, consisting of a colonel
and thirty-five other commissioned of
ficers, was attached to the bill after a
spirited debate, the amendment being
adopted by a vote of 2o to 23.
The fortifications appropriation bill, car
rvlng about J7.500.0o0. was passed.
'The bill to establish a branch soldiers'
home at or near Denver, Colo., was
passed. f
The' new system is not applied to the
corps of engineers, medical department,
pay department or judge advocate pener
al'fi department. The bill discontinues the
repimental organization of the artlllery
and establishes an artillery corps of two
branches, viz.. 12S batteries of coast artil
lery and eighteen batteries of field artil-
WASHINGTON". May A.— To-day's ses
sion of the Senate was rendered especially
Interesting by the passage, after a debate
lasting only three hours, of the army re
organization bill. In military circles the
measure is regarded as one of the most
Important of the present session. It prac
tically revolutionizes the present staff ar
rangements of the army. It proposes to
change the present system of permanent
appointments; in certain staff corps to one
cf detail by a gradual process as tb/e of
ficers in those corps go out of active ser
vice. As vacancies o^cur In the depart
ments of the adjutant general, the in
epector peneral. the quartermaster gen
eral and tho commissary general they are
to be lillc'd by details from the line, the
details to be temporary and not to exceed
four years.
Fortifications Measure Carrying Seven and a
Half Million Dollars Also Goes
1 nrou^n.
It Practically Revolutionizes the
Present Military System.
SENATE PASSES
THE ARMY BILL
British Aristocracy Blamed.
Maay people altribnt* the recent reverses of
the BrttHa to the degeneracy of the artitocracv
Th# life cf luxury wrtilnly dow not product
vigor. Indigestible ropers. lat« hours, ccc
ruuat norve struts and lack 'of exercise up««t
tb* stomach ard weaken both physical an<*
mental - vitality. The blood that mokes men
heroes most com* from active, healthy stoxc
acbJ. Hostetter'9 Ptomacn Bitters purifies the
blood and t tr»na1h*»i»-ibe stomach. It cures
constipation, indlresticn. dytpepsia and bili
ousness. • -
Candidates for Office at San Jose
• Must File Petitions Signed
by Voters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. May 4.— All candidates for
election to office must file a petition
signed by the requisite number of voters
to secure a place on the official ballot to
POLITICAL PARTIES WILL
NOT BE RECOGNIZED
WASHINGTON. May '4.— The taking of
testimony in the Coeur" d'Alene investiga
tion closed to-nleht. after having contin
ued uninterruptedly since February 19, a
period of nearly three months. Captain
Lyons closed the testimony for the de
fense, and after hearing some rebuttal
evidence both sides rested and th commit
tee excused all witnesses. On Monday the
arguments of counsel will begin, probably
concluding that day. -
Next Monday the Arguments of
Counsel Will Probably Be
Concluded.
WARDNER INVESTIGATION
BROUGHT TO A CLOSE
VICTORIA, B. C May 4.— John McGill,
who has reached Dawson after a hard
trip from Cape Nome, in a letter to his
mother, who is a resident of Nanalmo.
says many of the stampeders who have
gone down the river to Nome have suf
fered terrible hardships. There were re
ports of several deaths, but he could not
find out if the reports were true. He
knew, though, of many who had suffered
"two of the men who suffered privations
who were known to the writer were John
Rice who owns the two-story bulldlnir
opposite to where the steamer John Reilly
is anchored as a hotel on Snake River,
and Walter Pilgrim, owner of the El Do
rado saloon at Nome City.
Mr. McGill says: "There are at least
two men living at Nome who know how
dead dog -.tastes, and that, too. without
pepper or salt to season it and make It a
little more palatable. These two who fed
on the malamutes they took along to haul
their sleds were Johnny Rice and \v alter
Pilgrim. Last year Rice was prospecting
in the Kotzebue district, and directly he
heard of the rich finds at Nome he let out
over the 800 miles of frozen trail. He fell
.In with other stampeders and before long
there was a party of seventeen on the
trail to Nome. They had not a very big
outfit when they started and the Journey
proved a hard and dlfflcult.one. so much
time being lost on the trip that the men
found their provisions getting low.
"When they struck the Fish River dis
trict they were in a very sore plight.
When they pitched their camp one night
there they found that they were entirely
without provisions, the last tin of flour
having been consumed. They sat around
the fire they had built, pretty glum and
scarcely knew what to do. Suddenly Rice
got up and plunged his knife Into one of
the malamutes. The dog was cut up and
eaten by the famished men. For day?
this was their sole food. One by one the
other dogs were killed and eaten by the
starving men In order to sustain their
lives. In all twelve of the dogs were
eaten before they at last reached a post
where food was obtained." • . ; . - ( :•
Mr. McGill says the fuel shortage at
•Nome is not as great as reported.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
John McGill Says the Shortage of
Fuel at Nome Is Not So
Great as Has Been
Beported.
Hardships Encountered by
Miners Rushing to the .
Goldfields.
DOG-MEAT DIET
ON THE TRAIL
TO CAPE NOME
WASHINGTON. May 4.— Representative
Baker of Maryland to-day introduced a
bill repealing the Chinese exclusion act.
> flux of Chinese.
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
Representative Baker Favors the In-
The question was one of deep Interst to
politicians. This Is the first election to
be held under the new .charter, which
provides for nomination by petition, and
had it been decided in favor of the So
cialists it would have revived party nom
inating conventions. The charter pro»
vides that until a primary law la adopted
by a majority of voters all nominations!
must be made by petition. The Socialists
claimed city officials had been negligent
In not adopting a primary law and under
the State law they had a right to have
their party designation on the ticket.
Judge Rhodes denied the writ and held
that certificates of nominations must be
filed without party designation, and or
dered the Clerk to so receive the socialist
nominations.
TO BEPEAL EXCLUSION ACT.
be used at city elections, and no party
designation will be accepted. This de
cision was made by Judge Rhodes of the
Superior Court to-day in denying the writ
of mandate asked by the Socialist Labor
party to compel City Clerk Cook to place
their- party nominations on the ballots to
be used at the election on May 21.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; MAY 5, 1900.
Stars and Stripes Unfurled at America's
New Port in Samoa.
HOISTING OF OLD GLORY
IN PAGO PAGO HARBOR
Emperor William was clad In a gor
geous Austrian field marshal's uniform
of cream-colored coat,- scarlet trousers,
with broad gold lace and a black chapeau
with green feather?, and . wore Austrian
decorations. He drove down Unter den
LJnden to \ the station, accompanied
by his brother. Prince Henry, who
wore the uniform of an Austrian
admiral. His Majesty -was cheered by
the crowds all the way. The train bear
ing Emperor Francis Joseph arrived
promptly on time. The greetings be
tween the two Emperor's were most cor
dial; the monarchs embracing and kiss
ing each other on both cheeks. The Aus
trian Emperor wore the uniform of the
Prussian Foot Guards and across his
breast was a broad orange ribbon, with
the Prussian Order of the Black Eagle.
The procession passed through the
Brandenburg gate in the- following order:
A squadron of the Garde du Corps, in
black cuirasses arid helmets tipped with
silver eagles, preceding an open carriage
with magnificently attired outriders, in
which sat the two Emperors, flanked by
aid-de-camps. Then followed Prince
Henry and the Prussian Crown- Prince,
and next to them were the younger Prus
sian Princes. Then came the generals
and state dignitaries.
The absence of Prince Hohenlone, the
Imperial Chancellor, and the presence of
Clad in Scarlet.
BERLIN, May 4.— The standard of the
Emperor of Austria waved from the royal
palace in Berlin this afternoon, signify
ing that the ruler of the dual monarchy
has taken up his residence there. Em
peror Francis Joseph reached Potsdam
station punctually at 10 a. m. His Ma
jesty's reception was strictly according to
programme and the whole city was in
festal, garb. The route, especially Unter
den Linden, was crowded from daybreak
with eager and most good-natured sight
seers. There were no disturbances, the
police arrangements being comprehensive
in enforcing order and preventing dan
gerous crowding. Arriving spectators
after 8 o'clock were excluded from the
route, which was doubly flanked from
the Siege Allee to the Brandenburg gate
by the Berlin veterans' associations,
many graybcarded men wearing the iron
cross. The route from the gate to the
castle wj^s lined with troops.
The real hero of the day was the youth
ful Crown Prince, who followed his
father's carriage. The blooming youthful
ness of the Prince wan advantageously set
off by the dark uniform of the Guards*
which he wore. He was cheered all alone
the route quite as much as the two Km
perors, and the Bcrliners are all delighted
at the handsome, modest appearance of
their future King.
3
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i^J II —
"THE MOUNTAIN
comes to Mohammad" in our case as
work piles In upon us from every quarter
without being fouRht. All we do is to jrive
(satisfaction and turn out work that can-
not be excelled, and our customers do
our advertising. No frayed edges on your
collar?, cuffs or shirts, but everything
looking as Fpick, ppan and new as rieht
from the furnlshtrs. One trial is sufficient.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street,
Near PowelL
Telephone— Office, South 420
Laundry. South 418.
-?- Exclusively for the Sunday +
+' Call — Captain Fithian has ~£
given a full account of the +
+ cruise of the yacht Rover +
1; through the South Seas and %
4- has furnished rare photo- 4-
graphs taken by himself as
¦f illustration for the text. A ?
'f full page out Sunday, May 6.
£?»?+ ??????? 4- 4444+444+4*
Grand 616 Mtu
Some cien seem to <tfl nu'.TS5"^ 5j*------^p»y
eyes are bright. Their w — !f" ggfc-j2M
They are also men J^ rS^*/ | \
the pa?t. As we prow tyfjiVLs* *&\^J
older waste matter 1tSr^» tr
accumulates in the *•»
system. The body * '
cannot throw it off without assistance. So,
little by little the machinery of the body is
clopfcred, vitality is lowered, and enjoyment
cf life ceases. Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery, cannot mate old men young,
but it does make them strong and healthy.
By removing the waste accumulations, by
increasing the blood snpply, by strength-
ening' the stomach and organs of diges-
tion and nutrition, and thus increasing the
assimilative and nutritive powers, "Golden
Medical Discovery" makes grand old men.
, ¦ I suffered for nix years with constipation and
indigestion, during which time I employed sev-
eral physicians, but they could not reach my
case." writes Mr. G. Popplewell. of Eureka
Springs, Carroll Co.. Ark. "I felt that there was
bo help for me. could not retain food on my
stomach; had vertigo and would fall helpless to
the floor. I commenced taking Dr. Pierce's
Golden Medical Discovery and little ' Pellets.' I
am now in good health for one of my age— 60
years. I owe it ail to Dr. Pierce's medicines."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets greatly benefit old
xnsn by keeping the bowels in activity.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT itESTORATIVE. IXVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the iSexual.Orsans for both s«xes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits..
NABER. ALFS is. BRUNE, A rents.
J3 Market St.. 3. F-— (Send for Circular.)
Win. May Hawkins Will Help Every
Woman Sav a Drunkard.
A Trial Package of Her Marvelous
Home Treatment FREEfor the asking.'
Any- true woman miffat well be proud to hara
cared oner poor soul from the shackles of drini, but
Mrs.HawItias has redeemed thensandj by bernobla
and practical work amongr those who hare be«a
victims of intemperance. Mrs. Hawldns tor year*
suffered the srrief and anguish shared by so many
trod and faithful women cf America to-day, who
ha?e drink-afflicted fatiiershusbanda or sues. 5ba
determined toovercomo this fearfal erll if possible.
Her search for a harmless, perfect and secret hotna
cure was at last rewarded when an old friend caxn*
to her and sraT« ber a remedy which had nerer bees
inowntofail. Mrs. Hawkins {rave the remedy sec*
retly and in a few weeks, to ber great joy,her dearest
relative was entirely cured of his appetite for drink
and was a^aln restored to health and manhood.
Alter this wonderful result, Mrs. Hawkins de-
cided to devote ber lift: to the work of helping ber
sisters every where, whom sbe found safferin? as she
bad suffered from the effects cf alcohol upcu a has*
band, fatber or son. With the assistance of others
she perfected tha original treatment and now
offers to send this treatment free to any distressed-
wife, mother or sister who will write for it. Mrs.
Hawkins has means of her own and 00 charts
whatever is made for the treatment, because hex
great desire is that every woman who needs *M*
medicine will write at once to her and ctt it.
A. Grateful Woman.
¦ SIRS. MAT HAWKlSd, Grand Kapi.it, Mich. —
My Dear Friend?— You hav* b*en tha means ot bring*
tag sunshine into m- home. Last Aorost I got iour
radody and bezaa giving it to rcy hnabomt, and nron
thattlmenntllthepresent he has not taken m drep ot
•ny kind ot alcoholics drinks. I cannot ui too much to*
what your remedy has don* tor me and I nnte it u t
helper to any mother, sistrr o- wife who Khali need it.
_ Youm BlneerelT .HIlS. K. A. LA^vS.
East Hampton, Me.. Feb. It, MS*.
Thousands have saved their homes and loved
ones by this remedy and you can be a mon gr t he num.
ber if you only wish it. Mrs.Hawkins treatseverv
letter she receives sacredly confidential and yon
need have no hesitancy whatever In writintr her fox
assistance. Do not delay; write her trday. Address
Mrs. May Hawkins, Box 128 Orand Rapids, Mick,
ADVERTISEMENTS.To-Day and Monday
Marks Bros, are ,. selling their 50-cent
shirt waists, all sizes, for 25 cents. 12U5
1214 Market street. ,¦¦¦ •; •
Both men were well played out when
they got together for the last round, but
Walcott still was the aggressor. Smith's
body was covered with blood and his face
was besmeared, while ' Walcott' s .black
body did not show a mark. . . .:
The Barbadoes negro's ; face - wore a
broad smile as he went back to his dor her
and was awarded thn decision. ¦
Walcott scored first blood in- the sixth
round, when a right-hand smash opened
Smith's left eyebrow.. In the following
round Smith swung a heavy right on Wal
cott's Jaw, forcing him to clinch, but Wal
cott was fighting cleverly at the close
of the round. .
They mixed It up fiercely In the twelfth
and thirteenth rounds. Smith grew wild
in his delivery and at the . close-, of the
thirteenth 5 to 1 was freely laid on - the
negro. .
The fifteenth rc?und was in Smith's fa
vor, but in the sixteenth Walcott woke
up again and forced the pace. Fighting at
short range was the feature of the twen
ty-first round, and both . men " were very
tired when the bell rang. 1 Both men lost
their heads In the twenty-second. They
slugged each other regardless of science
and Smith had the call at the bell. Billy
was heartily cheered as he went to his
corner.
Walcott fought furiously in the twenty
third and cut Smith's ear; with a right
hand smash. •'¦•¦¦¦'¦. ,'¦ •
Smith had the better of the opening
round, being faster and more aggressive
than Walcott, but the negro made a bet
ter showing in the next. round, and in the
third Walcott was the aggressor.
NEW YORK, May 4.— Joe Walcott and
"Mysterious" Billy Smith fought twenty
five rounds at catch weights before the
Broadway Athletic Club to-night and
Walcott got the decision. This was their
fourth meeting. They fought two draws
and Smith gained the decision the third
time they got together. ' Smith did not
fight with his -usual snap to-night, but he
put up a very game battle. Walcott was
the favorite at 2 to 1.
MYSTERIOUS SMITH
DEFEATED EOT WALCOTT
Lady C. A. F. Colvin. best setter or pointer
exhibited fn the field trial class; Senator P.
J. W. Flynn, reserve. ¦
ITALIAN GREYHOUNDS.
Queenie, Mrs. W. A. Deane, best bitch.
FIELD TRIAL CLASS.
Nl«r S, Miss Maud Schweslnger, best dog
puppy. Neta, W. P. Feeny. beat bitch puppy.
XORKSHIRE TERRIERS.
Galtee More. Thomas Howard, best Irish ter
rier.
IRISH TERRIERS.
Members only— Warren Clerk, Powhattan
Kennels, best dog puppy; Sappho, Charles K.
Harley. best novice bitch; Alden Swagger. J.
B. Martin, best limit dog; Warren Supple N.
II. Hickman. best limit bitch; Golden Flash II,
J. B. Martin, best open dog; Warren Supple,
N. H. .Hickman, best open bitch.
Open to all— Intrepid, N. H. Hickman. best
puppy dog; Warren Clerk. Powhattan Kennels,
best fox terrier; Warren Clerk, Powhattan
Kenr.els, best fox terrier puppy; Nuisance,
Mrs. Charles E. Turner, best fox terrier puppy
of the opposite sex to the winner; Golden
Flash II, J. R Martin, best California-bred
fox terrier dog; Warren Clerk, Powhattan-Ken
nels, best dog puppy; Nuisance. Mrs. Charles
E. Turner, best bitch puppy; J. B. Martin, b«st
kennel of not less than four; Dottle, J. B.
Martin, best Callfornla-bred fox terrier bitch.
FOX TERRIERS.
Rex M, Walter S. Martin, best dachshund
dog; Amsel, Walter S. Martin, best dog puppy.
DACHSHUNDE.
Lady Montez. Mrs. J. P. Norman, best Bos
ton terrier; Lady Montez, Mrs. J. P. Norman,
best Boston terrier bitch; Oakside Tremont,
Mrs. H. H. Carlton, beet Boston terrier dog.
BOSTON TERRIERS.
BULL TERRIERS.
Opon to all— Lady Venom, Dr. H. L. Tevls,
best bull terrier: Banjo. T. K. James, reserve:
Banjo, T. K. James, best lightweight bull ter
rier: Woodcote Prince, H. J. • Bross, best dog
puppy; Beauty R, George Rudolph, best bitch
puppy; Bross' Kennel, best kennel of not less
than four.. For members only — Woodcote
Prince, H. J; Bross, best dog puppy; Beauty R,
Georee Rudolph, best bitch puppy; Woodcote
Venom II, S. Christenson, best novice • doj:
Lady Venom. Dr. H. L. TeVts. best novice
bitch; Woodcote Venom II. S. Christenson, best
limit dog; Lady Venom, Dr. H. L. Tevls, best
limit bitch; Woodcote Venom II, S. Christen
son, best open dog; Lady Venom, Dr. H. L.
Tevls, open . bitch; Woodcote Venom II, S.
Chrlstenson, best dog; Lady Venom, Dr. H. L.
Tevis, best bitch.
Harry Lacy. Leon S. Greenebaum. beet bull
dog; Harry Lacy. Leon S. Greenebaum, best
bulldog in the novice class; Harry Lacy, Leon
S, Greenebaum, best bulldog In the limit class.
BULLDOGS
* Verona Battle. Verona Kennels, best collie;
Heather Molly, Verona Kennels, best collie o'f
opposite sex: Verona Battle, Verona Kennels,
beat California bred collie. Dog-, limit class-
Old Hall Cantaln, Fred Baltzer. best dog
puppy; Admiral 1 s Sunset, Winters Collie Ken
nels, best bitch puppy; Verona Kennels, best
kennel of not less than four. For members
only— Verona Battle, Veronn Kennels, best col
lie dog; Heather Molly. Verona Kennels, best
collie bitch; Verona Battle, Verona Kennels,
best California bred dot; Admiral's Sunset,
Winters Collie Kennels, best California bred
bitch.
Hector, Dr. W. F. McNutt, best Dalmatian.
COLLIES.
DALMATIANS.
Champion Havoc. Redwood Cocker ¦ Kennels
reserve; Mona II. Mrs. J. P. Altkln. bent
cockp-- epanlel by R. C. K.: Ooiri'Paul. Red
?.'?i. i7' ckf T Kennel ". best do * n«PPy: Floss
Mlk. Pine Hill Kennels, best bitch puppy;
Champion Princess Flavia, Mrs. W. C. Rals
ton, bert cockf-r spaniel; Champion Havoc, Red
wood Cocker Kennels. reserve; Hampton
Goldie, Plumoria Cocker Kennels, best dog
puppy; Little Dorritt. A. Edwards, best bitch
!>ui>iiy; Colorado and La Paloma. Redwood
looker Kennels, best pair of red cockers; Cali
fornia. Mr?. Thoma* H. Browne, best red
coc_:r female puppy.
BLACKS.
Champion Princess Flavia. Mrs. AV. C. Rals
ton, best cocker spaniel; Champion Havoc, Red
wood Cocker Kennels, reserve; , Champion
Havoc, Redwood Cocker Kennels, bwt stud
dog; Swefthearfg First, Mrs. J. P. Altkln, re
serve: Mona II. Mm. J. P. Altkln, reserve-
KIopb Silk. Pine Hill Kennels, best California
bred wicker spaniel; Redwood Cocker Kennels
best kennel of not lers than four.
COCKER SPANIELS.
Royd Monarch III. W. S. Kittle, best field
cpaniel: Lamelle, Mrs. D. H. Hogan, second
best Held el>anlel.
FIELD SPANIELS.
Champion Dan Maloney. W. 11. William?,
best Irish water -spaniel; Kid Maloney; W. H.
¦VVi!!iame. best dog puppy: Fanny Marsh. W.
H. Williams, best bitch puppy: W. H. Wll
!ian:s. best kennel of not lees than four.
IRISH WATER SPANIELS,
Bruce. Thomas Russell, best Gordon Better:
Pittl Sing. Charles H. Plnneo, best of opposite
eex. ;?-,. ;; ;
Lady Swlveler. Elcho- Kennels, best Irish set
ter. Champion Nemo II. Elcho Kennels, best
of oi."Po*'t* sex; Joe Jefferson, James F. Kelly,
1-cst dog puppy; Lady Rowena, Mls« M. J.
Kelly, best bitch puppy; Elcho Kennels, beBt
kennel of not less than four.
IRISH SETTERS.
Joe Cumming Jr.. S. Chrlstenson. best dog
puppy; Queen, Fred Braemer, best bitch
puppy: Merry Monarch, Robert Oxnard, best
Kriirilfli sttter doe: Fanny Gladstone T, Elcho
Kennejg, best English Better bitch.
Plain Sam's Son, Verona Kennels, best
pointer dog; Lady C. A. F. Colvin, best pointer
bitch: Kenwood Bell. W. B. Coutte. best
I^'lntcr puppy: PJain Sam's Son. Verona Ken
nels, bert lightweight pointer; Senator P. J.
\V. Flynn. best heavy-weight pointer; Kris
Krir.Kle F. A. Dixon, best dog puppy; Ken
wood Bell. W. K. Coutts. best bitch puppy:
Slockdale Kennels, best kennel of not less
than four.
POINTERS.
Drive. W. S. Kittle, best black and tan
American foxhound dog; Queen N. Nelson &
Buchan, be?t American foxhound: Murderer,
Strange £• Hetining. best foxhound of the op
posite sex to the winner; Drive. W. S. Kittle,
best Aog puppy: Nelson & Buchan, best kennel
of not less than four. -•
GREYHOUNDS
Sardonic, A. C Bradbury, best flrreyhound.
AMERICAN FOXHOUNDS.
Daisy Belle, H. F. I^austen, best Newfound
land.
NEWFOUNDLANDS.
Ivan II. Horatio Bonestell. best Groat Dane:
Queen R, Posen Great Dane Kennels, best
Great Dane of opposite sex to the winner; Hec
tor R, H. L. Schmidt, best dog puppy: Posen
Great Dane Kennels, best kennel of not less
than four.
GREAT DANES
For members only— Le Prince Jr.,- Fred H.
Bufhnell. bert dog In op«n class; Fulvo of
Hauenstein. F. Frey. best dog In limit class;
Blanca II, A. J. Salazar, best bitch In open
class.
SMOOTH-COATED ST. BERNARD??. ?
For members only— King Crockett, Mrs. E.
B. Thompson, best dog in open class; California
Eboracum. Oakland St. Bernard Kennels, sec
ond best dog in open class; Orion L, Oakland
St. Bernard Kennels, best dog in limit class;
Kir Robert Bruce, Thomas Drown, second best
do* in limit class; Orion L, Oakland St. Ber
nard Kennels, best dog In novice class; Alta
Rachel. Golden Gate St. Bernard Kfnnels. best
bitch in open class; Alta Rachel, Golden Gate
Pt. B»rnard Kennels, best bitch In limit class;
Beauty of the Joaquin, A. E. lluenter, best
ROUGH-COATED ST. BERNARDS.
. For members only— Le Prince Jr.. Fred H.
Bushnell, best St. Bernard dog; Alta Rachel,
Golden Gate St. Bernard Kennels, best ' St.
Bernard bitch; Irvinfcton Kennels, best kennel
of four or more; Oakland Kennels, second best
kennel of four or more; Orion L and May Queen,
Oakland St. Bernard Kennels, best. pair; Milo
Jr.. Mrs. E. B. Thompson, best dog puppy;
Venus of Milo. Golden Gate St Bernard Ken
nels, b«>t bitch puppy.
Le Prince Jr., Fred H. Eushnell. best St.
Hf-rnard; Alta Rachel, Golden Gate St. Ber
nard Kennels, best Pt. Bernard of opposite sex
to the winner; Orion L. Oakland St. Bernard
Kenne!.«. best Ht. Bernard bred on the Pacific
Coa«t; llilo Jr.. Mr?. F.. B. Thompson, best
dop puppy; Venus of Milo. Golden Gate St.
ISfrnard Kennels, best bitch puppy; Venus of
Milo, Golden Gate St. Bernard Kennels, best
St. Bernard puppy; IrvlnKton Kennel3, best
kennel of not less than four.
ST. BERNARDS
5-perial prizes. oi*>n to all— Myra F. Jnmes
I-. J-Iood. bert novice maniff tiiteh; Sharkey,
w. E. Me*ks. best mastiff novice dog; Cali
fornia Cube. W. E. Meek, best mastiff, to be
prmpeted for annually until won three times
by the same member: Cleopatra, A. G. Gleen.
b-*»t masUfT of opposite sex to the winner of
the trophy, to be competed for annually until
won three times by the same member.
For members only— California Cube, W. E.
Meek. b<»« California bred mastiff: California
Cube. \V. E. Meek, best mastiff do* in open
and linjit class; Cleopatra, A. G. Gleen. b«et
mastiff bitch in open and limit class; Sharkey.
W. E. Meek, best mastiff novice dog; Wild wood
Lassie, Captain C. H. Williams.
MASTIFFS
Tremont is simply incomparable In body
and leg*.
In Italian greyhounds Mrs. Deane's
Queenie won the mt_al for the best in a
class where all were *ood. Following is a
full list of yesterdays awards:
»~il — HE third day of the bench show
;¦ pupasped the two preceding ones in
|l attendance, and possibly also in the
Interest that attached to the pro
ceedings. The whole of yesterday was de
voted to th*> awarding of the special
prizes, and the keenest Interest existed
omong the exhibitors and their friends,
and speculation was rife a? to the out
come of the competitions. A majority of
the special prizes offered were decided by
the win* in the winners' classes, this ap
plying specifically to the trophies for the
best of sex and breed, but those offered
irrespective of sex had to be decided by
renewed competition in the rinj?. Of these
latter those at the greatest interest to the
exhibitors and spectators were the cora
jittitionji In the St. Bernards, for the best
St. Bernard, the best of opposite sex and
the best bred on the Pacific Coast. These
were won, respectively, by Le Prince Jr..
Alta Rachel and Orion L, all thoroughly
well deserved.
The cockor spaniels were productive of
a numerous and interesting competition.
Much to the surprise of every one. the
hitherto undefeated Champion Havoc
went down in defeat before the redoubt
able Champipn Princess Flavia, who took
the special for the best cocker spaniels in
the show, and in blacks.
The contest for the special for the best
Boston terrier was the closest in the show,
and the judpe seemed to find great dif
ticulty in .arriving at a decision. The wln
r.or. Lady Montez. is the undoubted supe
rior in head and markings, but Oakside
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Audacious
won. Gladerun second, Frank Hall third. Time
:." 2-!>. x .
Mile and seventy yards, selling— Matt Simp
son won. Diminutive second. Marylander third
Time. 1:4S 1-5.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Golden Rat
tle won. Insurrection second. King Full third.
Time, 1:09.
Handicap, about seven furlongs— First Whip
won. Kobert Metcalf second, Itoyal Sterlimr
third. Time. 1:26 3-5.
NEW YORK, May 4.— This was the- last
day of racing this spring at Aqueduct
There was a good attendance, although
many, of the owners and trainers were at
Morris Park or on the- way with their
charges for the meeting which opens to
morrow. Results:
Five and a half furlongs, selling-— Cupidity
won. Sir Christopher second, Jamaica third
Time, 1:08 2-5. • . -
Five and a half furlongs. selling-Laureate
won, Harry Reed second. The Amazon third
Time. l:0S 4-5.
Six furlongs, celling— Quaver won, San
Durango second, Nancy Till third. Time,
NASHVILLE, May 4.— Weather clear;
track fast. Results:
Six furlonps, selling— Mlns Shanley won
Takalala second, The Light third. Time,
1:13%.
Half mile— Invlctus won. Small Jack second,
Tristan third. Time, :49?i.
Six and a half furlongs, handicap— Tom Col
lins won. Scrivener second. Compensation
third. Time, 1:19V£.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Censor
won, Donna Seay second, Lightning: Flash
third. Time, :S6Vt.
Mile and an eighth, selling— Lady of the
West won, Bellamy second. False Lead third.
Time, 1:55^.
LOUISVILLE, May 4.— The feature of
to-day's racing was the Debutante stakes
of $1300 for two-year-old fillies. The start
was a ragged one and SInfl, getting much
the better of it, led all the way and won
handily by fwo lengths in the fast time of
48 seconds. Menace, the favorite, was as
good as left at the post, but closed a big
gap and finished fourth. Results:
Seven furlongs— Foneda won, Scarlet I»ily
second, Anthracite third. Time. 1:26^4.
Four furlongs— Cluster won. The Auditor sec
ond. Knuckledown third. Time. :49.
One mile, selling— Talma won. Little Billy
second. Possum third. Time. 1:41%.
Debutante stakes, four furlongs— SInfl won.
Bab second. Bonnie Llssak third. Time, MS.
Six furlonps— Alcedo won, iielmet second
Praetorian third. Time. 1:14%.
One mile, selling— Samovar won Lennep sec
ond. Clara Xeader third. Time. 1:42^. r
Stakes at Louisville.
Speedy Filly Wins the Debutante
SINFI IN FAST TIME.
For Racing Chart See Page 11.
BLUE-BLOODED CANINES
WREATHED IN RIBBONS
The long spell of racing will be brought
to a close at Oakland track this afternoon.
The California Jockey Club has generous
ly donated the day's receipts to the fund
o"f Fabiola Hospital of Oakland, and com
plimentary badges on this occasion will
not be honored.
Track Notes.
A bunch of twelve started in the fifth
number, with Cue played down to 13 to 5
favoritism. The one-eyed horse was away
poorly, eventually getting up in time to
llnish fourth. Coming Event led Into the
stretch, quitting .while apparently gallop
ing. Gusto, a 5 to 1 chance, with Ranch
In the saddle, then scored without effort
from Spike.
La Borgia, piloted by Stuart, took the
seven-furlong selling affair. Proclamation
and Romany headed the field for two
thirds of the route, when La Borgia grad
ually forged to the front, downing Dolore
and Sugden very handily. The winner
was a 5 to 1 chance.
Wyoming/second choice In the ring,
won the closing race. Lady Meddlesome,
the fast coming favorite, late in arriving,
lost by a head, with Silver Tone a close
third.
.W. L. Stanfield's filly Kitty Kelly ruled
a tepid-warm favorite for the first event,
with Mounce in the saddle. After Ahwah
nee had led to the stretch Powell astride
Flush of Gold went to the front, beating
the weakly ridden choice with ease.
Homestake, a 20 to 1 shot, ran third.
A flying start contributed to the win
of Lillie Ulggs in the two-year-old scram
ble, at four and a half furlongs. The
filly, with 15 to.. 1 about her in the ring,
sailed away first, winning in a Jog. Game
Warden finished second in front of the
heavily backed Screenwell Lake.
I About the severest jolting the talent re
ceived occurred over the result of the two
year-old spin, for which Rio de Altar was
backed down from 6 to 3. The JJaldwln
entry ran away twice* with Basslnger,
burning the money up. When finally dis
patched Andrattus beat Articulate out a
short head. Powell' on the favorite.
Grafter, rode a race that should have,
earned for him Indefinite suspension.
When Perseus, second choice for the
mile and a sixteenth run. looked to have
the race in hand. El Mido came from
sixth position, getting the verdict on the
last jump. It was a startling reversal,
thoroughly Investigated by the stand.
Trainer Johnny Campbell was exonerated
after the sheets had been carefully ex
amined.
The great big thing of the local turf
scandal has finally come off. As stated
exclusively In The Call of Thursday last,
the California Jockey Club is in possession
of information directly Implicating Willie
Martin, the most noted of America's
riders, . with more than one shady trans
action that occurred the past season, and
taking the ram by the horns ruled him off
the turf at a meeting held yesterday.
Martin piloted Elkwood to victory in the
"Suburban" of some years ago and his
astuteness has made him one of the most
talked about personages of the racing
world. Last year his name was mixed up
with some suspicious transactions on the
far Eastern turf, causing 1 the jockey club
to revoke his license. This latest ruling
will mean his final retirement. It Is to be
hoped the association across the bay will
continue Its missionary work and place
the name of "Danny" Lynch on the roll
with Martin. If the latter is guilty Lynch
is equally so, as a world of evidence can
attest. Lynch trained Hard ' Knot and
Martin bet on the colt when he came to
life. Without the trainer's information
the ex-jockey could not have bet on the
horse, and tnero's the case. t .
Not since the inception of the mefcting
in September last has the ring reaped
such a golden harvest, it being estimated
that the twelve bookmakers cleaned up
nearly $30,000 on the day's wagering.
Among the big winners were: George
Hose, ?4000; Barney Schrelber, $4300; Frank
Eckert. J3000; W. T. Barnett, $2000; Johnny
Coleman, JlsOO; Harlan & Co., $4000; two
books of Hoffman & Co., $4290; "Jim" Da
vis, $1000, and Gus Bluhm, $300. The first
choices were all laid to rest In the
trenches, the highest priced performer be
ing El Mldo. which made a successful de
scent from the clouds at 50 to 1.
Bookmakers Heap a Clean-TJp of
Thousands • Over Many Upsets.
Seven Straight Choices
Slaughtered.
The California Jockey Club
Makes an Unexpected
Announcement.
"JOKEY BILL"
MARTIN RULED
OFF THE TURF
Selections for To-Day.
First rac&— Magnus, Moscow Boy. Solano.
Second race— Lew Zara, Gross, Judge Shrop-
Thlrd race— Romany, Socialist, Dulie of York.
Fourth race- La Borgia. Letlger. Cue.
Fifth race— Twlnkler, Terrene. Gauntlet.
Sixth race— Diderot, Game Warden. Gaylon
Brown.
Seventh race— Sly, Jingle Jingle, High-Hoe.
Seventh race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling.
1191 Toralna 99 IKS Sly m
l\l* A>as . 91 HS6 Bamboulla ... 83
1194 High Hoe 99 1192 Decoy 90
(11 S ) JlnEle Jingle.. 97 1162» I Don't Know. 94
>"£ 7' bu r°" J2 <>19*) Merry Boy.... .101
1200 Bonibel 97 1170 Jennie Reid. ..103
Sixth race— Five furlongs; "two-year-olds;
selling.
1155 Moonbrleht ... 961.1059 Intrada 100
1161 Irate' 961 H6i" Sublime " 94
1174 G. Brown...... 96 (1198) Andrattus .... 94
}}** Richard S 96,1179 P. Archibald.. 103
1196 Game Warden. 06 U9S Parsifal 103
(1179) Diderot 111|
Fifth race— One mile and three-quarters;
four-year-olds and up;. selling; owners' handi
cap.
1184 Rapilet ....... 95 11S8 . Dr. Marks 95
11S4 Twk. Twlnk... 95 11S8 Faunette 93
1201 Gauntlet 93 1190 Terrene 95
1185 Grady .........100 1184 Colnjwl Root.. 9S
1135 Defiance ...... 95 1187 Twlnkler 95
1197 Inverary II.... 95 (11SS) Coda 95
Fourth race — One mile; three-year-olds; Fab
lola derby; selling.
1190 Sunello 112- U90 Mont Eag;le...ll2
1199 Cue: .....107; 1193 Miss Vera 102
(11P9) Gusto .122 1190 Red Ch°rry....lO2
1159 I>etiKer ...?;.. .104 1150 Fllle cTOr 102
11J6 Bogus Bill 1071(1200) La Borjria 117
S66 S. Dannenb'm.109! 1190 Expedient 109
Third race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward: purse: gentlemen riders.
1194 Socialist .. 170 1124 Monlta 170
(O. Hates.) (C. Push.)
S74 CTConnor .....170 1200 Romany 170
(F.. Diekman.) , (F. Skinner.)
11SS Die of York 11.170;
(C. Follis.) , I
To-Day's Entries.'
First race—Seven furlongs; five-year-olds and
upward:" selling:.
, 1189 Moscow Boy..il(M5| 1171 Solano'.... 106
1189 Joe Mussle....109!'1116 Magnus 106
11S9 Aunt Bird.....104! 1171 Majesty 106
1184 Alvero ........1061'
Second race—Five furlongs; three-year-olds;'
selling. •'
1165 Formatus 119 U7S J. Shropshire.. 109
1147 Ahbylelx L....107 1195 Nettie Clark..117
907 William F..:..109 1178 Favorlto ......109
1159. OoMflndPr 119 116.. llonduran .....109
¦» 232 Oross .109 lir.3 Palatine 109
&27 Jennie niley..107 lt.il J. Doherty 109
1178 Lew Zara.....lO7 1195 Loboslna 117
; THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ MAT 5, 1900.
LE PRINCE JU., WHO CARRIED OFF HONORS FOR BEST ST. BERNARD IN THE SHOW.
rcXdon,, h smooth-ccated St. Bernard. Champion Le Prince Jr., has lived up to honors he re
char^^rlvi ion clocof to nl d °*-* h ? w T^* ° f the ***" by SWfteDing «**«$¦¦ before him The show at lle
the'r varl-coio?ed ri.^nf Jmi *£ 3n lmmense attendance is expected. All the winners will be gayly decked with
ine.r van colored ribbons, while happy owners will meet -on an equality. .
4
CADC $ 12 F |rst Class Including Berth
rflllL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 3. 13. 23. June 1
COLUMBIA sails May ». IS. 23. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Genera! Asrent.
630 Market ¦_
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
J? O R TL AISTID
THR 0. R. h H. PA
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
' ' ' ' . '-¦ ¦ . . .
Send Name and Address To-day- You Can
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
Will Dispatch From
EAN FRANCISCO Direct for
NOME
The Well-Known ALASKA FLY— K.
S, S. HUMBOLDT,
Sailing WEDNESDAY- -May 39.
ELEGANT S. 6. ZEALANDIA
(3000 tons burden).
First sailing (capacity engaged) May Hit
Second sailing (appro*. ) Jun» 23ta
" S. S. MORNING STPlf*.
Sailing (capacity engaged). May 24th.
Through service for Dawson and all Tukoa
River points.
For pa?*ar» »nd frHeht rate<» apply
TEE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
General Offices, 139 POST STREET.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG-.
TW1N-SCRKW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURO
AND HAMBURG.
For Palllnc. etc.. Apply to
HAMHUTIQ-AMFRICAN LINK. 37 BMWy. JTT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
RM»rved for Co.'» passengers on application.
HF.RZOO A CO.. Gen. Arts, for Pae1fl> Coast.
401 California st.. corner Fansome. 8. F.
C0MPA8NI3 GENEKALE TBAHSATliKTIQCE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3 __»,*_
?alllnsc every Thursday instead or
Saturday, from November 2. U?\ af-iwftrsS
10 ». m.. from Pier 42. North R|»er foot of
Mortci lit. LA CHAMPAGNE May t™ tV
OASrOGNE. May 17: L-AQUITAIXE M«Vp
LA TOURAINE. May 3L First clasT'to llLrl'
$80 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip Second class to Havre. $43; » per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AfiFWV
FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN DA r
Rroadway fHudscn building) Vew York T* f"
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coait A_ent« 8 Monti
gomery avenne. San Franclaco. 1^
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.— HONOT.UT n APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
land and Australia.... Wed.. May 16. 8 P. M.
?\tr? goal Pacific st grg^htntii-*" !»'¦» M^rl«i %i
FOR II. S. HA^Ami^^r
« rt xr _ Steam « "Montlcello."
FARE «_.
(ft/ "I A t>L yervoua Hiteaaet— Fallinir Mem-
w 2 £ I or7> Sieepltwsness, etc., canned by o*ar
'Xf ,\f work and Indiscretions. They quirktyt
% _SS— V '«¦«*» iiirelu restore Lost Vitality In old
JV^^V^ or young, ond tit a man fcr st ady. baai-
ness or plBusara. Pravent Jnaaaity oni
if takes In tima. Thslr
nseshowsiiumediatelniproTement and effects CUBE
wbere nil others fail. Insist upon haTlnz thogenaine
Ajaac Tablets. They have cored thousand* and will
care you. We sire a positive written guarantee ta ef-
fetac-jreinfach cane or refnad the money. Prio«
UW U 10. ment) for S2.6O bymuil.in plalu wrapper,
nponrecfilrtofjjrice. Circafarsfree.
AJAX REMEDY CO., '•SSSOT*.
For «al* In 9. F. by Lelpnitz £ Co.. Na Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. Oak I'd.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
j HEW TOES. E0OTHA_PT0N, LONDON. PABI3.
. Stopplnsr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New Tork ...May 9j.\*ew Tork May 34
St. Paul May 16j St. Paul June «
St. Louis...: May 23! St. Louis ...June 13
VeW Yorlr or>d Antwsra.
'•From New Tork every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland May 9 Kensington May 30
Snuthwark May 16 Noordland ......June «
Westernland May 23 Frlesland June 13
LMP.Ft- LINE.
' S. S. Ohio sails from Steuart-st. wharf, San
Francisco, for Nome, on May 13, 2:30 p m.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, but limited freight space
Is still available. Su"bseo,uent sailings from
Seattle June 30. Julv 31. August 30. For rates
and oth»r Information apply to
INTKUNATIONA— NAVIOATION CO..
SO Montgomery »t.. or any of Its agents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. I p. m .
for TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
I connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
l dla, etc. No carso received on board on day
of salllns.
8S. AMERICA MARU.
Saturday, May ISth. 1900
' SS. HONGKONG MARU
t Thursday. June 14th. 1900,
SS. NIPPON MARU. ...Tuesday. July 10th. IS00
I • Via Honolulu.
I- .Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
. 421 Market street, comer First. •
' W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. 1 am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am." ¦¦
•""Dear Sir:. Tour method worked beautifully.
Results were . exactly ; what ¦ I • needed, i Strength
and vigror have completely returned and en-
largement is entirely satisfactory."
"Dear Sir: Tours was received and I had no
trouble In ¦ making use of receipt as directed,
and, can truthfully, Bay it Is a boon to weak
meri. ¦ I am greatly improved 'in 8l2e. strength
and visor.!' ..--.: -
AH correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed In plain. ' sealed - envelope. " The receint
U free^for the asking and he wants every maa
to have It. - - •
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of suffering from " sexual - weakness." lost
vitality, night losses, varicocele, etc., .and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and address to Dr. L.
¦ W. Knapp. 1373 Hull Bide... Detroit, Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt with full
directions, \ go that uny man may easily cure
himself at home. This Is certainly a most gen-
erous offer,' and : the following extracts taken
from 1 his : dally mail show what ; men think - of
his _eneroslty: • . ; .. - ¦ • "¦ - -
• "Dear Sir: Please ateept my, sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. 1 1 have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
L..W. KNAPP ; ;M..R
choten to represent each of such districts In
the NATIONAL HEl'l'BLICAX COXVEN-
•TION. to be held as aforesaid, and for the
•¦election o? two alternate delegates, to act In
case of the absence cf the delegates first chosen
The selection of the delegates of the Con-
ETessionbl Convention shall !>•• under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district, in fccojrdaiict- with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided, That the ba?!» of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Afneni-
Wy District within the CongresMnna! Dlstrltf
provided, that where any Assembly District
emtran* more than one county, there shall b»
one delegate for each county and fractional
part cf a county In such Assembly District
and one delegate for earh 300 votes rast for
Henry T. Gage, Republican candidate f.jr Gov-
ernor in 1S3*. and one delegate for each frac-
tion of 150 votes or over.
. It is further directed that the delegates
cho»en to the Congressional Conventions nhall
meet In State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUEFDAY. the Uth day of May
IXXi. at 2 o"clock p. m.. to fc',ect four delegates!
at-large to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION ebo\-e mt-r.iloned. and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In cs»e the delegate*
selected tie absent, for the clwtion.or a State
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
•uch further buFinp*i> as may be brought be-
fore the *aid State Convention. - .
. It is further directed that where primary
election* are B<>1<1 the tff=t for voters shall be-
""I believe In Republican principles and ln-
dorw the Republican ixMlcy and the admin-
istration 1 f President .McKinlry. and intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the enduing election."
It 1* further directed that content* must be
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee in writing, with a full statement
of the irrcunds of the content, five days pre-
r-»6lng the meeting <jf the Ftate Convention.
All matters relating to such contest before the
Congressional Committee, with eald Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of th" Ftate Centra! Com-
mittee at Facrnmento, before noon of the Kth
day of May. isoo.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at Fan Francisco. April
4. 1*00. E. C. HART, Secretary.
Resolved. By the REPUBLICAN BTATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA.
representing the Republican Party of said
Btate. that the Congressional Committees of
th> ee-v'ra! Conffretalonai Mstrlcts of the State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held as hereinafter
provided, at wbich two delegates shall be
In accordance with th* 6lr«»rtk>ns of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
drlegated representatives of the Republican
Party from the spveral Ftate» assemble in Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia,
State cf Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the ISth
day of June. A. D. 1S0C. at 12 o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominating candidates for
the office of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for such oth*r business
as may b«» broupht before said convention; and
In accordance —it— the instruction* given by
eald National Committee, directing that the
Congressional District d^lepates Fhall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each said district. In the same
tr.anner as the nomination of a Representative
In Congress Is made in said district; therefore
b* «
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
fc»h. wharf, San Francisco:
' Fsfesfc- f° r Alaskan ports — \\ a. m..
!§P^fck May fi. 11, IS. 21. Z>\ 31. June
tS^i^^ViS—k 5 - <"ha^s^ tn company steain-
fc£k BC_VqR ers at f : -"'att!c.
KSsfcSjJsVl For Victoria. Vanrnuv»r (V..
| _g^a^if«_^a| C.I. Port Townsend. ppa:t!».
I »^^B_2_lU Taeoma, Everett, Anaeortes
and New Whatcom (Wa*h.> —
] 11 a. m.. May 8, 11, 16. 21. 29,
j 31, June 5. and every fifth day thereafter;
chanse at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Taeoma to N. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humbcldt Bay — 10 a. m.. Hay
8, 13. 18, 23. 23. June 2 and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Crur. Monterey. San S!m»on. Cay-
ncos. Port Harford (fan Luis Obispo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hucneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Anseles"* And Newport— 9
a. m.. May 7, II. 15. 19. 2£ 27. 31. June 4 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Dlesro. stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo>. Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo <Lo" Amrdes)— 11 a. m..
May 5, 9. 13. 17. 21. 23. 29. June 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Maudalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. Ia Paz. Santa Rosalia.
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. Falling dates and hours of sailing.
w i»>,-..-t nrr vious notice.
TICKET OP7IOB-4 New Montgomery
stieet (Palace Hot*l>.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
NO MORE DREAD OF THE
DENTAL CHAIR.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to the gums. .No
sleep-producing agents or t-ocalne.
These are the only dental parlors tn San
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply -«M
erowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth $5, a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay. ,
Gold crowns. $5. Gold fllllnirs. Jl. Silver fill-
ings. 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 1! to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, and you will And us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will ccst by a FREE
EXAMINATION'.
NO gATES fllp^iL
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street, S. F.
HOURS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
I ha-re given personal inspection to th;vorkinjr of M. I. S. T. on the human system, and
mast eay that It entirely meets with my professional sanction.
D. H. LOOMIS, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical Collere.
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. S. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RnRUMATIPM, no matter how lo-p- standing. Any caw of Inllamaiation of the Blad*
der or H olarped Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients hare beea for years forced to use
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of I ni potency that can be enred, and permanently restore youthful vig-or and
vitality- It ii no stimnlant. Its effects are permanent and lastinc. Will core any case of
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will enre any case of Varicocele. Will remove en-
tire! 7 from the system Caacer and Cancernns Germs.
_n addition to the abore. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has cared many cases of Paralysis, Locomotor
Ataxia, Spinal Trouble and apparently iacurable diseases of tfae nerve*.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for over 20 years, and has cured thousands of suff-
¦>-irs. It Is prescribed by leading- physicians all over the country. It is pteasant to take and
FESsci PS3 absolatjl^ safe. It never increases or diminishes the action of the
ECS ej fj_ Iieart. If you are snfferinif from any chronic disease you are nrp-ed to
IS— write to us, uo matter how many doctors cr kinds o! medicines you
& M_k_l___a have trieJ without relief WE GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU.
i---i™ That yoa may jndg-eof the "ralne of the Great Specific for yourself.
,~ we will send yon one large case by mall FREE, only asking that
wncn cured yourself you will recommend It to others. Write confidentially, to onr medical
department, giving- symptoms. $1 per box. or six boxes for $5.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
ADV_5BT1S_3CENTS.
Greatest Nerve and Blood Tonic
K3o. 2. J3_ I S a f_ No. 2.
OCEAN TBAV-TL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W s3| i^^E«^__l^__^B___________9 /tJ^ J^t_1
___ I _¦ N E^si E|3M£a puBI d^J B_ H ____»7_l
8 «! _a W& Eh _J^5 #^^_i
¦M JU M H2^4 K_ Fa H B
Pclono The c ° v ered passage-
X CtldUw way connecting these
two immense struc-
————— tures places under
- one management 1400
on 4*1 rooms, 900 of which
dllll have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
"""~~^~—~^^~~ ers from every section
/^ 1 of the world recognize
ByPQllfJ and appreciate the
x **"«* comforts and convenl-
_____________ ences offered by these
hotels.
TT- k 4. < ~l c , American plan. Eu-
XlUlClO ropean plan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.A QUIET DAY
FOR YACHTSMEN
AT BELVEDERE
Tfc» judgment rendered In the Police
Court adjudging A. Paladini guilty of hav
ing: striped bass under three pounds'
wHcht in hi? possession was affirmed by
Judpr*-« of the criminal department of the
Superior Court, sitting: in bank, yester
day. Paladin! must now pay the fine of
><0 Imposed by the lower court.
Paladini Must Pay.
STOCKTON SETS
THE PACE FOR
LEAGUE TEAMS
Its Baseball Team Leads in
the Race for the 9
Pennant.
Stockton now leads the teams in the
baseball league, with Sacramento in sec-
oud place. Both teams won their series
of games last Saturday and Sunday. The
hot race for first place is between the
Senators and the Slough City men, and
when they meet to-day and to-morrow
some fierce diamond sport should result.
The standing of the clubs at present is
more or less a surprise to the followers
of the sport, as both Stockton and Sac
ramento started with some unknown
players. Sacramento has to-day an ag
gregation of talent that would do credit
to any city. Last Sunday at Recreation
Park, with the great Hughes in the box
the team played lightning ball. Stockton
has a strong team, especially when it
comes to sticK work. The race up to date
is between the interior towns. The stand
ing of the teams is as follows:
The Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union has taken the ladies' day
to be given at Belvedere on the 20th inst.
entirely under its control. The cards of
Invitation request the recipient *"to attend
the aquatic carnival to i . M under Its
auspices at Belvedere O- The head
quarters, however, of tho oilirials and
oarsmen will be at ths Olympic Club boat
house. The event has assumed consider
able proportions and the entry list In the
barge race promises to bo one of the
largest ever seen on the bay. The Olym
pic crew has been practicing regularly
under the coaching of J. R. Bockman and
H. A. Pless. The crew has been picked
from a dozen aspirants and consists ol
strong athletic men. It is made up as fol
lows: George James, bow, weight 150
jv>unds: P. Sturdivant. No. 2. weight ISO
pounds: W. CartwriRht, No. 3. weight 1*5
pounds; N. Prendepast, stroke, weight 150
pounds. It will be seen that the weight is
evenly distributed in the barge, which
has 233 pounds on the bow side and 330
pounds on the stroke eide. Phil Kane will
f=tec-r the crew, which Ehould make its
competitors row their hardest t<_> beat it.
T.Me AlsmexJa. crew is practicing and
feels confident. The South End Rowing
Club will enter a crew consisting of C. C.
I>-nr.is, bow; Charles Jenkins. No. 2; C
Skelly. No. 3: and J. P. Foley. stroke. The
Ariels have a crew which han shown itself
drilling and ajner.able to training. It is
expected to render an excellent account of
Itself. The Pioneers have a junior crew
In readiness and so have the Dolphins.
The Dolphin four is mad» up of \V. A.
Donovan, bow; Robert O'Hea. No. 2; H.
A. Swedlurd, No. 3: ar.d T. R. Dixon.
stroke. The crew of the University of
Califcrria. which recently defeated a four
of the Columbia Rowing Club on. Oakland
Creek. wJII also enter, but it is receiving
little ccachlnp. S. J. Pembroke being too
much occupied with preparations for his
early departure to Cape Nome to bo able
to devote his attention to rowing. King
ton, though strong, is in the wrong place
or. th" Ftroke seat. A man of his weight
fho-jld be number 2 or 3. However, the
Tew Furprised some of the critics when
It won a.? It liked from the Columbia
Rowing Club four and It may be faster
than might be supposed.
The barge race will be the rnos»t Impor
tant and interesting event at Belvedere
but th«-re will bo several other races
George Baker and Stanley Adderley. both
of the Dolphins, will puil a match race
In outrigged skiffs for a tronhv offered
by A. P. Rothkopf.
At the last meeting of the Triton Boat-
Ing C!ub the question of finding a new lo
cation for the boathouse was discussed
The house movers who have been consult
ed with regard to moving the clubhouse
think It a serious undertaking. It mav be
droided to build a new clubhouse If a "new
house is erected near the foot of L, ar kin
street several men who ere at present
/holding back before Joining the club will
become members, especially as the mem
bership list of the Dolphins is full'
The Dolphin Boating Club will 'give a
ladles' dayon June 17 or about that date
In which the principal event will be a
rac» in otitrlg-gred pkiffp between W o
Patch and Dr. F. R. Alton. There "will
alv> be a handicap fwimming race in
which Alex W. Pape will -be handlcapprr
ar.d scratch man. Novelty races will be
provided by the committee* for the amuse
ment of the club's quests.
OARSMEN IN TRAINING.
The State live-bird tournament under
rhe auspices of the California Wing Club
and the Olympic and San Francisco gun
clubs held Its opening day shoot yester
day at the grounds of the San Francisco
Trap-shooting Association at Ingleside.
In the opening event a high wind ac
companied by slight showers of rain af
fected the flying qualities of the pigeons
and the scores in consequence were disap
pointing. After lunch the weather con
ditions were more favorable for the shoot
ers and eleven of the twelve gunners
dropped their first birds.
J. Hops of Antioch won the medal in
the third event by a clean score. He was
not in on the division of the purse, a? he
; did not contribute to the side pool. Xau
1 man was unfortunate in this shoot. He
'shot at a fast flier and through breaking
both Its wings lost the bird by a few
1 inches outside of bounds.
\V. H. "Williamson, J. Rice, Haight, M.
O. Feudner, WalFh. Xauman, Stone, Ross
and Bekcart divided money in the first
'event, .and Williamson, Kauman, Haight
"and "Jfarkcr" divided second event
money.
In the third event J. Ross won the
medal. Feudner, Rice, Williamson and
¦ Nauman divided the side pool and Bek
eart won $15 of the club's added money.
In the miss and out event Haight. Nau
man and M. O. Feudner divided at nine
birds.
The tournament will be continued to
•«2ay and to-morrow.
Following are the scores:
First event. 6 birds. ?3 entrance. $19 added—
V H. Williamson. «; J. Rice. €: Plade, with
drawn; C. A. Haleht. 6; M. O. Feudner. 6; P.
Wal«h 6- C. C Nauman, 6; C. F. Str»n». 6:
Parkf-r. £; IV. E. Mardock, withdrawn; J. Ross,
6; P. 1?. Bekeart, «.
Second event, ammunition manufacturers
race W birds. $r> entrance. t!5 addM— J. Rice,
withdrawn; i'aik»r. 10: M. O. Feudner. 9;
Ik-keart withdran-n: Williamson. V>: plade.
withdrawn; Orwr.er. 9; Sears, withdrawn; Ross,
fc; Ha-.cht. 3d; Walfh. V; Xauman. 10.
Third ••vent. Gold I'UFt medal race. 10 birds.
$:r. to second. $!<> to third, side- pool entrance $3
— M O Feudmr. 17; Parker, withdrawn; Rice,
37; Walsh, withdrawn: Kir.e. 16; Williamson.
17: Nauman. 17; i^lade. withdrawn; Bekeart,
It: HalKht. 16; Otwnfr. withdrawn; Rosf. 20.
Fourth event, mise and out, entrance $3. $10
added— Feudner, »; Parker. 3; HaiRht. >; Rice,
:: Williamson. 3; Bekeart, S; Nauman, 9;
Walsh 7; Slade. 1.
Opening Day of State
Tournament Marred
by Bad Weather.
TRAP-SHOOTERS
BANG AWAY AT
LIVE PIGEONS
The British Government keeps eleven
vessels at work sounding and charting
the ocean beds to find out where dangers
lurk. Last year 10,000 square miles were
carefully charted In different parts of the
world— Asia. Africa and the 'South Pa
cinc.
The entries as announced for the hand
ball contests to-morrow in Phil Ryan's
court. S3S Howard street, are as follows:
J. J. Canavan nnd W. H. Sleberst vs. G B
Hay ward and W. Walsh: O. Smith and J.
Condon vs. A. McVlcker and T. I^ach; D.
Repan and E. Barry vs. T. Foley and J. Klrby;
W. Fisher and P. McKlnnon vb. P. Ryan and
M. Basch: W. Mazutre and E. Curl^y vs E.
Toy and R. Hausman; J. Harlow and M Dtl-
Ion vs. J. Rlordsn and E. Maloney: O. Mc-
Donald and M. McDonald vi. M. McNeil and
H. Racoullet: D. J. Sheehan and E. McDon
nusrh v«. N. J. Prend*r«tast and E. Lynch; R.
Llnehan and J. White vs. M. J. KitgaJIon ami
A. Ham?;on.
ATHLETES AT HANDBALL.
April Immigrants.
Statistician Ecclcston of the local Im
migration bureau reports the arrivals at
San Francisco during the month of April
as follows: Total immigrants, X3 O f
which eighty-seven were females; total
money brought. T40.072. The leading na
tionalities are: English US, Japanese CS6
Germans 12. Austrlans 25, Spanish Ameri
cans 7, Russians 6. Mexicans 34. The oc
cupations are: Farm laborers 500, com
mon laborers 41. mariners 23. merchants
73, actors 15, miscellaneous 2G. no occupa
tion 1*5. ¦
SWIMMERS AT SUTRO'S.
The entries for the swimming and diving
contests at Sutro bath3 to-morrow arc as
fellows:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— P. Sanberg G
Freeman. V. Carroll. H. Lincoln. A. Freese
G. Charles. P. Summers, V. Mullen G Frost
J. O'Brien, A. Walker, p. I/ockwood j John
son. P. Loul«. G. ChlMs. E. MInter. O Lowen
thal. C. Shllllne. M. Carmody, R Klpp O
Ke«ir<T, J. Hanlnn. \V. Wollbeck. R. Itudonlck'
Hundred-yard mc<». amateurs— F Tyson m'
Boaen. P. Lewis. G. Wallace. L. Hay iJ.
Kmith. H. Lincoln. II. Reebach F. Terry' F
Bell, R. Dahl. T. Thomson," C Iyjniln P "sum
mers, J. Laird. \V. Hurring. Tub" race— M
Carcass. M. McKenr.le. W. McCormlck L,"
Davis. R. USelly. G. Kelber. L. I>oud P Sun
berg. F. Taylor. A. Baudain. V. Karnes F
Klpp. O. L. DltKtMt. F. James. K Welis J
O'lirien. Trick and faney springboard divine—
F. McCordle. J. Carcass. E. Kpi^rson F
Pames. O. Mlsner. R. Rldini;, J Hanlon' T*
Cordell. L. Hancboro, E. Davis. \v. Summers'
L. Bodle.
Tho formal opening of the elghteen-hole
course of the Kan Rafael Golf Club will
take" place" next Saturday. In order to ex
cite-as much interest as possible among
local golfers, the directors of the San Ra
fae,l Golf Club have offered a cup, to be
competed for by teams of the San Fran
cisco and Oakland golf clubs in a tourna
ment over eighteen holes, match play. It
has not yet been decided of how many
men each team will consist, but the num
ber will probably be six or eight. It is
probable that K. H. Gaylord, the secretary
of the San Francisco Golf Club, will not
play, as he Is too busy with preparations
for his departure to Cape Nome to have
time for practice. Each club will have
much the same representatives as In the
home-and-horne tournaments. It will be
interesting to' see how the teams fare
when playing on neutral links.
With regard to what Is "permanent
srass," C. B. Mncdonald writes: "Turf is
certainly 'permanent grass.; and a club
may be soled on it in a hazard." Under the
new rules prepared by the United States
Golf Association turf must be considered
part of the fair green. High grass is not
a hazard, but. If In a hazard there should
be some straggling high grass, that would
be called part, of the hazard if it was not
permanent grass. Mr. Mncdonald goes on
to say: "'Hazards are now dearly 'defined,
except that in the United States the word
'hunker' is indiscriminately applied to all
hazards. In Scotland a bunker is a par
ticular-kind, of hazard— that Is, a sandy
hollow." ' ¦ -
i The links of the Belmont Golf Club at
tracted a large number of guests last Sat
urday. They were laid out by D. Stephen
son, the; professional of the San Franciaco
Golf Club, and have several ditches as
hazards. Fine views of the bay and of
Santa Clara County are obtained from
various parts of the course. The four
some between R.B. Wheeler and A. A.
Peters on one Fide and J. Kruttschnltt Jr
and E. J.. Boothc on the other resulted in
a tie.' " — . •> '•
WHAT GOLFERS ARE DOING
The homing pigeons representing the
members of the Pacific Pigeon Club
showed wonderful speed In their first race
of the year on May 2 from Marysville.
The former record for the distance, which
is about 100 miles, air-line, was 1084 yards
per minute, made by a bird owned by
John Mole of East Oakland. In last
Wednesday's race representatives of
every loft in the race, with the exception
of one. beat the record.
A bird, the property of B. T. McBain,
Oakland, made such fast time that proper
arrangements for timing had not been
made and twenty minutes were consumed
in trying to catch him. According to the
officials of the club he covered the 90
miles 1060 yards In 2 hours and 14 min
utes, or at the rate of 1303 yards, nearly
three-quarters of a mile, per minute.
Adding the twenty minutes lost to his
time he was credited with only 1142 yards
per minute. The birds were liberated at
6 a. m. The ottlcial returns were:
First— George Lubben's A4?0 arrived 8:24 a.
m.. distance 10O mile* 470 yards. Average sp«ed
per minute. 1237:57 yards.
Second— John Mole's W60S arrived 8:23:40. dis
tance 9S mlie* 13S0 yards. Average speed per
minute. 1I09:SO yards.
Third— T. R. Quayle's BB546 arrived 8:26. dis
tance 99 miles 745 yards. Average speed per
minute. 119S:59 yards.
Fourth — A. Lernhardt's AL.13 arrived 8M7,
distance 110 miles 1371 yards. Average speed
per minute. 1167M!* yards.
Fifth— A. Mclntyre's A19S3 arrived S:31, dis
tance 99 mllen 1415 yards. Average speed per
minute. 11G3:4I yards.
Sixth— B. T. McBaln's AK23 arrived S:32:J0.
distance V9 mile* 1060 yards. Average speed
p«r minute. 11C:?5 yarrt.«.
Seventh— Dr. T. Carpenter's AS1 arrived
8:36:30. distance 100 miles 733 yards. Average
speed per minute, 112*:!S yards-
Eighth— O. Mattheis" arrived 9:02:30. dis
tance 10O miles 50<) yards. Average speed per
minute. SG7:12 ynrds.
RECORD FLY OF PIGEONS.
Pyne, center fielder for San Francisco
last year, played a single game In the
series between the local team and Stock
ton, holding down first bag for the
Slough City men. He was dropped this
season by Harris for not being a hitter.
At Stockton he rapped out a couple of
safe ones.
Cal Ewing and "Hank" Harris evidently
went wrong when they calculated on their
teams during the period of formation.
Ewlng thought he was organizing a nine
that would beat anything in the tleld and
Harris entertained similar ideas. They
reckoned without their host, for they now
hue- the lower end of the ladder.
This is the week for the tallenders to
disport themselves in the local field. The
Oaklands and Friscos struck the toboggan
last week, but they are no great distance
from the leaders. Nevertheless. Managers
Harris and Ewing are worried over the
prospect and it behooves their hired men
to pull themselves together and keep the
Sacramentos and Stocktons within strik
ing distance. The Interior teams are play
ing the fastest ball that was ever seen
in California, and "Uncle" Henry realizes
that he must get some new blood Into his
aggregation. Th* two teams representing
the bay towns never fall to Rive good ex
hibitions when opposed to each other, and
the coming series should be watched with
interest. The club that wln.s a majority
of the games will be once more fighting
with either Stockton or Sacramento for
first place honor3. The line-up for to-day
is as follows:
San Francisco. Positions. Oakland.
Schwartz..... Catcher Hammond
Fltzpatrick Mtrher Steffanl
McCarthy First base Hutchinson
Me-iily Second base '. Francks
BrockhoJI Third base Lanse
Peoples Shortstop Schmeer
•>vy Left field Moeklmon
Knig Center field Drennan
Hlldebrand Hlsrht field Dunleavy
William Isaac of 1165 East Fifteenth
street. Oakland, caught a twelve-pound
striped bass in Oakland estuary on May
day. The flsh measured three feet over
all.
Striped bass are running in Petaluma
Creek, two men securing forty pounds
there last Sunday.
The bi-monthly dinner of the San Fran
cisco Fly Casting Club will be held next
Tuesday evening. These affairs invarlably
attract almost the entire membership of
the club, as there is always something on
the programme of entertainment which
appeals to the anglers. On this occasion
Charles S. Wheeler, always an Interesting
speaker, will tell of the beauties of fly
fishing on the McCloud River, a stream
with which he is familiar from long- asso
ciation.
John Slebe, A. S. Carman and Edward
Everett left on Thursday evening for the
McCloud. They will go In over the Salt
Creek trail on the old-fashioned style of
"ride and tie." The three sportsmen and
their guide will have two saddle horses
and two pack animals. In the "ride and
tie" system one man starts off on horse
back, while his companion walks. After
the former has gone a certain distance he
dismounts and ties the horse to a conve
nient tree on a well defined trail. The pe
destrian comes up in due time, mounts the
horse and proceeds after his companion.
When he overtakes him he continues on
and gains a lead, when he dismounts, ties
the horse and trudges on. Between the
walking and the comparative rest of rid
ing the sportsmen are enabled to cover
a long distance in a day's traveling.
F. H. Reed left on Friday for Sims,
where he will enjoy for several days what
ever sport the Sacramento affords at that
point.
The trout fishermen have been unusu
ally quiet during the past week, the num
ber of well-known anglers on nearby
streams being comparatively small. Sis
sons and other points on the Sacramento
were deserted last Sunday. Up on the Mc-
Cloud the conditions are said to be per
fect, the river being In prime condition for
the men who fish wKh files.
ing—Sport in Prospect.
Streams for the Time Be-
They Desert Their Favorite
FISHERMEN ARE
INACTIVE FOR
THE PRESENT
ing is anally passed the gates of the park
must close. The directors desire time to
wind up their affairs if they have to retire
from the field here. They have already
leased the ground formerly occupied by
Canavan's i'ark, just across the line In
ban Mateo County, and will have it made
ready for coursing as rapidly as possible.
The card at lngieside tills week is made
up of a special »ixteen-dog staxe and an
t-ighty-dog open stake. Vho sport will
commence to-aay .it 12:20 and to-morrow
at il o'cIock. xhe special Make win be
run entirely to-morrow alternoon.
The card at Union Park is a ninety-six
dog open stake. Coursing will commence
to-day upon the arrival of the 11 o'cIock
train from Third and 'lownsend streets.
The tirst annual meeting and election of
otneers of the caluornia Coursing Com
mittee will be held on the 22d inst. The
committee has proved a marked success
during the year of its existence in adjust
ing uisputes between dog owners and in
the mutter of registration. Its library ot
coursing calendars and stud books is a.
complete one. It is used irtely tor pur
posts of reference. The sport has as
sumed such proportions that the greatest
attention is paid to the breeding ot urey
iiounas, ail uad strains being eliminated
and only the. most approveu blood lines
being used In the stud. The winning
strains of English dogs have been drawn
upen heavily recently, an infusion of new
biotd being considered desirable.
Coursing men who have seen the six
week-old puppies by For Freedom and out
ot D. Cheliu s Golden Russet pronounce
them a promising lot. Mr. Chena retains
two, K. K. Malcom gets two and J. H.
Hossseier secures the remaining one.
At the regular monthly meeting of the
Interstate coursing Club the present rep
resentatives of the organization on tne
California Coursing Committee were re
elected. They are R. K. Malcom, E. E.
Shotwell, I. N. Halton. John A. Klein and
J. R. Dickson. The club accepted the re
port of tho committee having charge of
the ladles' day champion stake, to be de
cided June 17.. The report was to the ef
fect that the Union Coursing Park direc
torate h#d added $500 to the stake. The
entrance fee will be J25 and the number of
dogs sixteen.
Ci:rtls & Sons will hereafter handle the
dogs of Captain Condery of Sacramento.
These include the progeny of Emln Pasha-
Daisy Belle, Royal Crest-Daisy Belle and
Pretender-Handspring.
E. J. Heeney and *\ Schimmelpflnnlng
Jr., having been ruled off by the Califor
nia Coursing Committee for false regis
tration have been denied admission to
Union and Ingleside parks.
The California Coursing Committee has
denied the application or D. Hooper and
Robert Hooper for a rehearing of the case
in which their greyhound Koolawn was
ruled off. The application was bp.«ed on
the ground of new evidence. The boy in
charge of the greyhound is said to Have
confessed that he allowed Koolawn to b©
doped. The petitioners were referred back
to the club which took action originally
against them.
T. Hall's Black Bess has been bred to
Martin Kerrigan's St. Lawrence.
Frank MeComb's Miss Skyrocket has
been bred to Aeneid Kennels' Pretender.
Captain Badger's Armagh Lass, a sister
to Lucky Dog and Brutus, has been mated
with Emln Pasha.
R. E. de B. Lopez* Green Valley Maid
has been bred to N. P. Whiting's Roches
ter.
Gaffiiey & Horkin's False Flatterer and
Frank Moran's Bit of Fashion have been
mated.
M. C. Delano's Elco.-a sister to Daisy
Hill.' has been bred to Kniln Pasha. G. J.
McAuliffe's Lady Thorndyke ha3 also
been bred to the same sire.
R. E. d* B. Lopez" Santa Inez has
whelped a litter of seven puppies to the
same owner's Shylock. Six or them are
dogs.
Curtis & Son's Rocketto has been mated
with Fetter Free, the recently Imported
English dog. Rockette Is the dam of Mc-
Kiriley. Rosette. Thcron. Cavalier. Maud
S and other celebrated performers."
The directors of Ingleside Coursing Park
await the outcome of the meeting of the
Supervisors to-morrow with interest. If
the ordinance governing racing and cours-
Preparing Canavan's Old-
Time Park in Case They
Have to Move.
INGLESIDE MEN
MAY COURSE IN
ANOTHER FIELD
Gupuito. brown fllly. three years old. by
Wlldnut, son of Woodnut (2:1CV4) and Wlld
rtower (2:21) by Electioneer. Gusurro Is en
tered in the three-year-old stakes at Rcaclvlile
nnd Ooshfn. She is a fast fllly, having shown
a quarter to cart In 32 seconds, a 2:0S gall, an
eighth In 15% seconds, a 2:04 gait.
Fleldborne, bay gelding, three years old, by
Altlvo (2:lSVi). full brother to Palo Alto
(2:0814). Fieldbornn In a high-class tliree-year
old and comes from a great colt trotting fnm
lly. He has stepped a mile to cart In 2:26V4.
last quarter In 33H seconds, a 2:14 gait.
Dexter Laddie, chestnut gelding, three years
old. by Dexter Prince. Dexter Laddie Is a
fine looking young gelding, good size and
promising. H« has nhown n. 2:28 gait.
Nutelleti, brown gelding, three years old, by
Wlldnut. first dam Lady Ellen (2:29%), dam of
HHena (2:11k). Eller.fer (2:21^). Engineer
(2:2S%). Ella (2:29). by Mambrlno. Nutellen Is
a large, fine looking three-year-old, "haa worked
quartern In 37 seconds.
Mnnllvl. bay gelding.' three years old, - by
One of the most notable consignments
of trotters ever sent out by the Palo Alto
stock farm leaves that noted establish
ment to-day for the blue ribbon sale, to
be held shortly In Cleveland. Ohio. It in
cludes twenty-tcur royally bred horses.
Past sales of Palo Alto. have shown that
the best horses raised on the place have
been consigned to these sales. In 1S99 the
first and second money winners in the
New England' Futurity. $10,000. were sold
in Palo Alto sales. Idollta (2:12) was the
largest money winner of the year, captur
ing the Horso Review, $20,000. and the
New England Futurity. $10,000. for three
year-olds. Mamie W (2:17*4) won second
money In the New Knglnnd Futurity.
L,imonero (2:1334) won the stallion Repre
sentative stake at Lexington In l&M. Ser
nol (2:10). Abeto (2:1091). Cobwebs (2:12).
Azmon (2:13^). Utility <2:13). Quality
('•13Vi) Answer (2:HU). I-akeside Norval
(2:15). Norhawk -(2:15Vfc) and hundreds of
others with records havo been disposed of
nt* Palo Alto snl*»s in the East. In this
pale are the produce of three brood mares,
Manette, Waxana | and Bailie Benton,
which have produced 2:10 performers. The
consignment is made up as follows:
Entries In this 6take will close on Septem
ber 1. 1900, with the payment of $3 each on
mares nominated. Nominators' will have the
right of substituting another mare in case the
one entered does not prove with foal. This is
the largest futurity stake ever offered on this
const. The entrance fee is a small one. and
every mare bred to a trotting stallion this
year should be entered. The fact that the
pioduce Is entered In this rich stake will en
hance the value of the colt many times the
cost incurred. Kvery stallion owner should use
his best efforts to induce the owners of mares
bred to his stallion to enter In this stake as
the number of representatives that his stallion
has in it will not only serve as a big advertise
ment for his horse, but should h!a stallion be
fcrtunate enough to sire the winner -he will
not only be repaid for his trouble by the money
premium he receives, but his stallion will re
ceive a boom that he could not otherwise get.
Pacific Breeders* Futurity stake; $6000 guar
anteed; for mares bred in 1900; money to be
divided as follows: $200 to the nominator of
the mare that Is the dam of the winner of
the two-year-old pace; %'i<M for the nominator
of the mare that Is the dam of the winner of
the two-year-old trot; $2u0 for the nominator
of the mare that Is the dam of the winner
of the three-year-old pace; $200 for the nom-
Inetor of the mare that is the dam of the
winner of the three-year-old trot; $200 for the
owner of the sire of the winner of the three
year-old trot at the time the mare was bied;
$750 for colts winning money in the two-year
old pace; $1000 for colts winning money In the
two-year-old trot; $1250 for colts winning money
In the three-year-old pace; $20«>0 for colts wln
riny money In the three-year-old trot. En
trance and payments— 19'j0, $3 each on mares
bred in 1900; 1901. $J each on foals of 1901; 1902,
$10 each on jvarllngs; 1903, $10 each on two
year-olds. $23 each on starters In the two-year
old pace. $3o each on starters in the two-year
old trot: 1304. $10 each on three-year-olds. $35
each on starters in the three-year-old pa.ee, $50
each on startern in the three-year-old trot.
Secretary F. W. Kelley offered the fol
lowing plan for a futurity stake to ' be
given by the association, entries to close
September 1. The board decided that the
stake be given:
2:40 e!a«. trotting. $7-0; 2:25 class trotting,
JT.'.O; 2:l.t class, trotting, JliO; 2:16 class, trot
tlr*. }H,H»; 2:12 class, trotting, J100O; free-for
all, trotting, $1000; three-year-old, trotting, 2:30
class. J.*i'': green class, pacing, JT50; 2:25 class,
pacing, 1750; U:J7 cla.«H, pacing. $750; 2:13 class,
pacing, $1000; 2:10class, pacing, J1000; free-tor
all. iiacint,-, (1000; three-year-old, pacing, 2:30
class, $500.
The annual race meeting will be held on
the Santa Rosa track during the first
week of July. It was decided to offer the
following list of guaranteed stakes for the
meeting, entries to close June 15, horses
to be named when entered, the entrance
fee 5 per cent, as usual:
The vacancy in the board caused by the
death of D. E. Knight was filled by the
election of Martin Carter, master of Nut
wood stock farm, Irvington.
The board of directors of the Pacific
Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' Associa
tion met Thursday in the rooms of the
Breeder and Sportsman and transacted
much business of Interest to the trotting
horse men of the coast. The directors in
attendance wore: Vice President Gurnett,
F. W. Covey, A. II. Cohen, T. J. Crowley,
John F. Boyd. R. S. Brown and A. B.
Spreckels.
Greatest Prize Offered Here.
Palo Alto Stock Farm
Horses for the East.
BIG FUTURITY
STAKE OFFERED
FOR TROTTERS
Belnut. bay gelding, two years old. by VTlId
nut. dam Bell Bird <2:22), by Electioneer.
Belnut Is high-class; his dam held the world's
record for yearlings (2:26^) and is full sister
to the great sire's Chimes, St. Uel. Bow Bells.
Manolla, bay filly, two years old, by Ad
vertiser (2:15U), dam Manette. by Nutwood.
This fllly Is half-sister to Arlon, the colt which
sold for $125,(W0 as a two-year-old
Alia Thorn, bay nily. "two years old. by
Altlvo (2:18H). dam Lilly Thorn, by Election
eer.
Adrexa. bay filly, two years old. by Adver
tiser <2:15'.«). dam Dextra, by Dexter Prince.
Ktta S. bay filly, two years old, by Mendo
clno (2:19%).
Adrace. chestnut fllly, two years old, by Ad
vertiser (2:15'i). „;
Sylmoor. bay gelding, two years old, by Az
moor (2:20%), dam Sylla Barnes, by Whips
Advarlcn. brown fllly, two years old. by Ad
vertiser <2:15Vi).
Allo. bay gelding, two' years old. ' by Altiva
(2:18Vi). dam Flower Girl, by Electioneer.
Sweet Nut, black fllly. two years old. by
Wlldnut, dam Sweet Ucse (2:2o&), by Elec
tioneer
With these horses will go a three-year
old from A. B. Spreckels' Aptos stock
farm, which is expected to reflect credit
on the breeding farms of this State. She
Is by Cupid (2:18) and is out of Gallata, bv
Stamboul (2:07%). second dam Jenny (the
dam of Hulda, 2:0SVz). She was purchased
for J. Malcolm Forbes of Boston by his
representative, Henry Tlter. The latter
saw her move over the half-mile track at
Aptos farm and expressed the opinion that
she would be fit tor any company when
fully developed. Only three of the progeny
of her sire, Cupid, have been trained, and
all have been successful. They are Venus
II (2:11^4), Lottie Parks (2:16%) and Psyche
2:17^4-
Wesley, bay colt, two years old, by Adver
tiser <2:15H). dam Waxana. Wesley In the
half-brother of Sunol (2:0SVi). He is a promis
ing colt.
Adlinn, black colt, two years old, by Adbell
• 2:23), dam Linnet <2:2SK). sister to Whips
(2:2714). sire of Azote <2:04?;> by Electioneer.
bay gelding, two years old, by Altivo
General Joe, bay gelding, two years old. by
Azmoor (2:2O',i). dam Ahwaga by General Ben
ton. • He is a full brother to Azmoor (2:13'i),
is a high-class colt In speed and Individuality,
'To Arms, 5 gray filly, two years old, by Ad
bell (2:23, world's champion), first dam Sallle
Benton (2:l*y 4 ). dam of Serpoe (2:10) by Gen
eral Uenlon. To Arms Is a great prospect; en
nasreii in all the large stakes. Her breeding
indicates early speed; her ulre was the world's
champion yearling; her dam the world's cham
pion four-year-old of her time.
Alto Wllkes. brown colt, two j-ears old. by
Altlvo (2.18H). flrmt dam I,ulu Wllkes, dam of
Advertiser (2:13U), Alia (2:21Vi) and Welbeck
(2:22). Alto Wllkes is a fast colt, a fine In
dividual, has shown a 2:20 gait and is entered
In J40.C00 worth of stakes.
Lesa, bay filly, two years old, by Dexter
Prince, first dam Liska <2:2S) by Electioneer.
I-esa 'is a fast two-year-old. ! Has shown a
2:20 salt and is entered in the New England
Futurity for 1900-1901.
Monatlne. bay filly, two years old, by Men
doclno (2:19>4). first dam Palatine (2:1S) by
Palo Alto. Monatlne Is a hlg;h-cla»3 nlly, both
In breeding- and speed. She has shown quar-
Colonel Kdwards, bay colt, two years old, by
D*>xter Prince, first dam Coral <2:1S»±) by
Electioneer. Colonel Edwards is a great-pros
pect lor a fast colt performer. He has trotted
a mile in 2:2S; remarkable for a two-year-old
at thl? time of the year. He Is entered In
$49,000 worth of stakes.
Mendoclno (2:19H). son of Electioneer, first
dam Ronnlbel <2:17*i) by Azmoor (2:20V4). llon-
Ibel i& a rangy looking three-year-old, has
shown quarter* In 38 seconds.
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE SHOTGUN BRIGADE IN CHARACTERISTIC POSES.
Photographed Expressly for The Call.
np RAP shooting, where both clay disks and live pigeons are used, has increased greatly in favor this season. The
I grounds at Ingleside, controlled by the San Francisco Trap-shooting Association, are used by a number of the largest
X clubs and attract a large number of the crack shots. The State tournament at live pigeons was inaugurated at
the grounds yesterday and will continue to-day and to-morrow. It is under the auspices of the Olympic Gun Club, Cali
fornia Wing Club and San Francisco Gun Club.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1900.
The opening cruise of the Corinthian
Yacht Club last Sunday brought out a
larger number of pleasure sailing craft
than havo ever been seen together on the
bay. Not' only did nearly all the Corin
thian boats follew Commodore H. IX
Hawks,- but half a dozen San Francisco
yachts and a still larger number of Cali
fornia craft Joined the fleet. The Cali
fornia fleet made colors at 8 o'clock last
Sunday morning; the preparatory gun was
flrcd at 11 and a start was made by signal
from Commodore E. X. "Walter's sloop
Embla at 11:15. The wind, being east of
south, was on the beam until the mouth
of the creek was reached. There the sig
nal was set to follow the flagship. At
Hunters Point the flagship passed along
the fleet, receiving a gun from every
yacht. Off Mission street wharf the Co
rinthian and San Francisco fleets were
met and salutes exchanged between the
commodores. As the breeze was fresh
and there was an ebb tide, making a
choppy sea In the channel. Commodore
Walter then set the signal "Homeward
bound." With the strong wind It was a
short run home, the anchorage in Oakland
Creek being reached about 2:30 p. m. The
flagship Krnbla wa.4 followed by the fol
lowing yachts: Ex-Commodore A. M.
Clay's sloop Pactolua, the Miller Brothers'
sloop Occident. Martin's yawl Idler. Mar
shall Brothers' sloop Thelma. Carrier's
sloop Jessie E. Eames' sloop Surf. Schnei
der & White's sloop Aloha (formerly Es
telle), Clark's yawl Gypsie, Back's sloop
Sablna (formerly Tornberg's Verona>,
Moffltt's launch Augusta and E. Flanders"
launch Alert.
The entertainment committee at the
opening jinks, consisting of J. J. Hanlnn
Jr.. S. S. Marshall, G. L. Wakeman anil
J. M. Kelley. arranged an excellent show.
The items of the programme were as fol
lows: Selections by the Fifth Regiment
band; bass solo by Edward Loughery, ac
companied by George Lerond; guitar ami
mandolin duet by C. S. Neal and Charles
Youngberg: specialties by L.. J. Kennedy;
song for trombone by John Laughland: di
alect stories by Roll in C. Ayres; coon sons
by Billy Fleraen, and a six-round glove
contest. After an intermission for supper
there came selections on the grand gram
ophone, recitations by Captain Fair
weather, a monologue in black by Billy
Flemen, negro specialties by Lee Andrews.
Hawaiian selections by William Kal. A.
Kerner and W. A. Eames; popular songs
by E. J. Johnston. German specialties by
Mr. Barth and originalities by A. F. Wil
liams. :-
A notice has been sent to all members
of the San Francisco Yacht Club to the
effect that to-morrow ¦will be devoted to
a cruise for those who are not. yacht own
ers. The various yachts will take on
board as many guests as possible and the
fleet will get under way soon after the
arrival of the 9 a. m. boat from San Fran
cisco. Next Saturday the first cruise of
the season to Vallejo will take place. Tho
Corinthian and California fleets will also
cruise to Vallejo on that day and on tho
following day the united fleets will sail
down in company.
The Encinal Yacht Club, of which J. S.
Hanley Is commodore, and II. M. LanrN
berger president. wUl open the Fea«*on
next Saturday, May 12. with a reception,
followed in the evening by a variety show
and a dance. On Sunday, the 13th. it la
announced that the Enclnals will cruise
in squadron with the visiting yachts. Tht»
Encinals seem to have abandoned yacht
ing and to be devoting themselves to bil
liards, bowls and society, for not a single
one of the* officers of the club appears to
be a yacht owner. However, a sailing pro
gramme has been prepare*! for the sea
son, outlining a number of Interesting
cruises.
The South Bay Yacht Club announces
to-morrow as a ladies' day and next Sat
urday will cruise to Mowrys Entrance.
On Sunday. May 13, there will be rowing
races In dingles.
Sausalito Boat-Owners Will
Take Members Out for
a Sail.
SPORTS
5
CLUBS.
il
I S
p
i :
f I
p ;
3 >
I
3 ;
11
i •*
l :
3
Si
3
n_
o
eI
I
ft
f i
I?
i i
i «¦
n
2
. • !
Stockton
luT
\~\
En
.C3«
Sacramento
Oakland
i-an Kr&ncifico
- |
m
\1
7 |
Mi
| 12 |.
I 10 j.
|Uj.
.5S3
.400
Games lost
.--¦
~T\
-
fat
RTH
CLUBS.
il
I S
p
i :
f I
p ;
3 >
I
3 ;
11
i •*
l :
3
Si
3
n_
o
eI
I
ft
f i
I?
i i
i «¦
n
2
. • !
Stockton
luT
\~\
En
.C3«
Sacramento
Oakland
i-an Kr&ncifico
- |
m
\1
7 |
Mi
| 12 |.
I 10 j.
|Uj.
.5S3
.400
Games lost
.--¦
~T\
-
fat
RTH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
u
Cure Pain in the p
Stomach and Distress}
After Eating. \
10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists L
Druggists sell Pyramid Pile Cure. If
yours hasn't It. he will get It for you from
the Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall. Mich.,
sole manufacturers.
May be in the early stages some of the
many salves on sale will afford temporary
relief. If the case Is of long standing there
Is only one speedy and sure remedy. It Is
Pyramid Pile Cure. Even In light cases It
Is the safest thing to use. Other applica-
tions may cure and ; may not. Pyramid
Cure Is always certain, always reliable, al-
ways brings comfort at once. Its prompt
use saves months of severe suffering. In
extreme cases It will save surgical opera-
tions and their attendant dangers and dls-
comforts. It Is better than the knife; will
cure easier, quicker and safer. Thousands
have used It. Thousands have been cured
by It. The cost Is trifling compared with
what It does. The price is $1. Most any-
body would gladly pay $10 to be rid of
piles.
They don't seem to amount to much, but
they banish sleep and appetite. No posi-
tion Is comfortable. There Is Intense local
pain and that dreadful, agonizing feeling
of weight in the perineum.
People go along for years, suffering with
piles. They try this and that and the oth-
er thins, from carrying a buckeye to get-
ting treatment from a physician. They ob-
tain temporary relief, may be. but they
are never quite cured. A little strain In
lifting, excessive fatigue, a little constipa-
tion or a little diarrhoea, and the piles
come back.
ly, Painlessly, Without Dang-er.
Pyramid Pile Cure Cures Piles Quick-
BETTER THAN THE KNIFE.
Specialists for Men.
731 Market St., S. F.
The first of a series of three
splendid articles by "Fight-
ing" General Joe Wheeler -will
appear in next Sunday's Call.
While each article is complete
in itself still you cannot af-
ford to miss one. Be sure that
you g*t the first one and then
look out for the other two to
be printed on Sunday, May
13 and 20 respectively. No
man is better' qualified than
General Wheeler to write upon
the Philippines and you will
not be disappointed.
????+???'??????? ?????+
THE
£^\ • ¦ That a remedy
i ?^ v ~N^ cures is the word
*— *<^^si^A^5s^ s \ of those who've
>*£& «r > K*>r >^ How often is it
|fc^y;J^-M|-^j tern's run" down.
«§B3^3o^i'i§ff my digestion's
xg|£yyfc" Ng*iy bad -. or I've rheu-
Mj&-»£i"«4Pr matism or kidney
It. S jf trouble?" Rc-
p*6r^ ports of cures by
firfifi 4 ! ™y DR. Mc-
inT'J LA UGH LIN
?s* \J \J BELT pour in
-^.fl W by every mail
These show it to
be the grandest
remedy for ail pains and weakness, and
if every sufferer used this treatment
there wouldn't be an ailing man or
woman to-day. Write for my interest-
ing book (free), and see the cures I've
made.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
702 rirktt St.. Cor. Ketrnj. S. T.
ttt es:. £;riar ml Eeesnd 6ts.. Lcs AnztU:It is about time that the Mayor should strike n
balance in the profit and lo«% account which was
opened when this city was plunged every night into
darkness. Mayor. Phelan might inform the public of
his opinion of the value of human lives sacrificed to
footpads.
The argument of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany that its detention shed for coolies is construc
tively a part of the vessel upon which "natives" ar
rive at this port has as much force as if the shed were
built in Union squire instead of on the dock.
The Police Commission may be inspired after all
by a wise purpose in compelling patrolmen to wear
while stripes on their trousers. Late night wayfarers
mzy now be abic to see a police officer occasionally.
By insisting that several local tragedies were sui
cides'and not murders the police have one distinct
advantage. The dead men can't talk.
Another bogus "Baron." who once. made this city the.
field of his operations, is in trouble in the Old World.
The interesting tribe to which he belongs seems a
long wa^ from becoming .extinct.
Our claim against Turkey may not be pressed very
forcibly just now, but when the Presidential election
is over and Thanksgiving is in sight there will be a
general inclination throughout the country to fore
close on the bird.
Richard Croker may be very fond of life in Eng
land, but when he learns how David Bennett Hill is
Hirting with Tammany he will probably conclude he
has business in New York that requires his immediate
personal attention.
Consul General Mason in a report from Berlin says
the Germans promptly buy specimens of every sort
of American mechanism and set to work studying how
to imitate or to improve, on it if possible, so he
warns Americans to be careful to take out German
patents on every contrivance sold for use in Germany.
It is an age of competition in everything, and the
devil takes him who doesn't take care of himself.
It will be seen that if these sections of the clause
stand they will come very near creating an indepen
dent government. If the Australian Parliament have
authority to make laws with respect to external af
fairs and the relations of Australia to the islands of
the Pacific it will necessarily have diplomatic freedom
in arranging treaties with foreign countries. Most
of the important islands of the Pacific arc under the
domination of some great power, and in arranging
relations with them the Australians would have to ar
range with the powers that control them, and that
would obviously be incompatible with' the manage
ment of the empire by the officials in London. '
The representatives in London of the Australian
In clause 53, for example, it is declared the Parlia
ment of Australia shall, subject to this constitution,
have power to make laws for the peace, order and
good government of the commonwealth with respect
to: (X) Fisheries in Australian waters beyond terri
torial limits. (XXIX) External affairs. (XXX) The
relations of the commonwealth with the islands of the
Pacific.
When the bill was first reviewed in London the law
officers of the crown objected to but one point, that
contained in clause 74, which provides that in all cases
arising under the commonwealth bill the jurisdiction
of the Federal Australian Court is final and that no
appeal can be taken to British courts sitting in Lon
don. It is asserted the clause limits the royal pre
rogative and virtually makes Australia a separate na
tion. Further discussion of the bill, however, has
disclosed other features adverse to imperial interests,
and some of these arc regarded as of more impor
tance than the qu-stion of appeals.
AUSTRALIAN federation, as expressed in the
terms of the commonwealth bill recently
adopted by the colonies and now undergoing
scrutiny by Parliament, is proving a much more per
plexing problem than was expected. Serious objec
tions have been urged against it by the imperial Gov
ernment, and the representatives of the colonies are
showing signs of irritation. It is evident there must
be a compromise or ? backdown on one side or the
other, and it remains to be seen which will give way.
AUSTRflLlfl 0ND THE EMPIRE.
If the perverted genius who is known to the com
munity as "Central" continues her exasperating in
solence to the public it will not be very long be
fore many of California's leading citizens are in the
insane asylums yelling "Hello!"
.¦¦•.— ~- ¦-{"¦
HE'S SITTING UP NIGHTS TRYING TO DEVISE SOME PLAN
TO KEEP IT STILL.
"V\'hllp free silver will not be the leading issue in this campaign, it will be
one of the issues." — (W*. J. Bryan at Wichita, Kans., April 24). — Xew York
Tribune. 'IS^
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. ¦ J.-Hathhorn, a merchant of Boston,
is at the Palace.
•\y. "\v. Moreland, a merchant of Hculds
burg. is at the Grand.
A. W. Bruner. a merchant of Sacra
mento, Is at the Palace.
Adin Alexander, a mining man of L03
Angeles, is it the Grand.
A. T. Iniglazacca. proprietor of a winery
at Napa, Is at the Grand.
Rev. Edward Leavitt, a minister of To
kio, and wife arc guests at the Occidental.
C. B. Shaver, president of the Fresno
Flume and Canal Company, Is the the
Grand.
C. C von Hamm of the firm of Hack
fckl fc Co. at Honolulu Is at the Occi
dental.
Thomas Eddy, a leading merchant of
New York, is at the Palace with hi3 wife
and daughter. •
Rev. T. MuraJ and Rev. K. Hirai. Chris
tian ministers of Tokio, Japan, are stay
ins at^the Occidental. TT
S. "W. "VVilcox. manager of the wealthy
sugar plantation at Lihue, Kaual. and his
wife are guests at the Occidental.
William H. Hoogs. a native son of this
city, who has made his fortune in Hono
lulu during the past few years, arrived
yesterday with his wife and two children.
William Haywood. Consul General for
three yearS past at Honolulu, arrived yes
terday and Is at the California. His
work In the islands. Is about ended and
he Is on his way East to join his family,
who are already at Washington.
K.Olwa, electrical engineer in the office
of the Minister of Communications at
Tokio, Japan, and S v Okamoto. an archi
tect of the same office, are guests at the
Palace.. They are on their way through
this country and Europe to make a care
ful study of recent electrical inventions,
upon which they are expected to make
elaborate reports to their Government.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 4— Charles F'.
Hirsch of San Francisco and A. E. Boyn
ton of Orovillear.e at the Shoreham. Mr.
and Mrs. H.- Il/llenrlca of San Francisco
are at the Raleigh. W. J. Jackson and
wife. Miss E. Berffsman of San Francisco,
J. R. Bransley and wife of lios Angeles
are' at the St. James/'
Tried to Cut Her Throat.
Mrs.. Mary Stevens', 176 Hickory avenue,
attempted to. cut her throat with a razor
early yesterday morninp.. Her , husband
and son observed her and in the struggle
to Ret possession of the razor all had th«»ir
tlngprs cut. - . They had their . wounds
dressed, at the Receiving . Hospital and
Mrn. Stevens was locked up in the insane
ward. She will ? be sent to- the'Napa Asy
lum this morning. She had been taken to
the insane ward -Thursday, but prevailed
upon her husband to take her home again.
She is 42 years of age.
The season la naw open. Stage trip has been
reduced to 2Vi bours. Comfortable accommoda
tions at hotel. The round trip-rats from San
Francisco Ja only *55. Particulars at Santa F»
ticket offlce. 62» Market iitreet.
The Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Ruth Neill. the 5-jcar-old sister of Al
Nelll, the pugilist, was exercisins a bis
St. Bernard dog on Grove street yester
day afternoon when the brute jumped at
her and stuck its teeth in her left eyelid.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where the wound was dressed.
Bitteto by a Dog.
THE MAYOR, THE STREETS flND THE
pOOTPADS.
r^v IRTV, dark and dangerous are the streets of
) San Francisco; more dangerous, dark and
dirty than they have been ever since first an
organized municipal government was established
here. They are so dirty that merchants, for the pro
tection of their goods, have to sweep and
sprinkle the public thoroughfares at their own ex
pense They are so dark during the hours when
lights are most needed that any one not thoroughly
familiar with his way must carry a lantern when he
ventures out, and so dangerous that even in the dis
tricts where the people are most law abiding he who
.- • ¦-¦¦-
goes out must go armed for the protection of his per
son and his property.
The darkness of the streets has generated crime
with portentous rapidity. Robber)' has followed rob
bery with startling frequency, and in more than one
instance that crime has been accompanied by attempts
at murder. One of the victims of footpad violence
now lies in a critical condition and may vet die of
his wound. The city, in fact, has been turned over, as
it were, to the mercy of the criminal class. The
streets are virtually theirs, and in the black darkness
they ply their trade with impunity, robbing whom
they will and shooting whoever resists.
For this condition of affairs Mayor Phelan is di
rectly and almost solely responsible. The people, de
ceived by his promises, granted him larger powers
than were ever before conceded to an official in this
State, or probably in the Union. He was permitted
to well nigh dictate a new charter, and he dictated it in
sr.ch a way as to clothe the Mayor with something
like autocratic powers in appointments and removals
from office. Of these powers Mayor Phelan has fre
quently boasted. He has more than once loudly pro
claimed that the heads of departments are respon
sible to him. and that he is responsible to the people.
It is his government. He controls, dominates, lords it
over all. He it is who has left the streets unswept and
unsprinkled. to be covered with dust and dirt. He it
:s= who has shut off the street lights, leaving the thor
oughfares in darkness as a free prowling ground for
thieves, burglars, footpads, thugs and assassins.
The inefficiency of the police to protect the city in
the darkness is evident, yet the force is not to be
blamed for the inefficiency. It is the Mayor, whose
policy has shut out the. lights and left even the most
vigilant policeman incapable of seeing what is going
on upon his beat, or of keeping watch upon sus
picious characters. It is the Mayor, in short, who, as
he himself boasts, is responsible for it alii
How much longer are the streets to be dirty, dark
and dangerous? How many more victims are to be
left to the footpads r.nd the murderous assailants of
the night? How much longer must the merchants
sprinkle the streets at their own expense? How
much longer must citizens carry arms for self pro
tection? These questions can be answered only hy
Mayor Phelan. The issue is up to him. The meaning
of the boast that all the heads of departments are re
sponsible to him alone, and that he is responsible
only to the people is now fully realized, and in that
realization the community will hold Mayor Phelan
accountable for all the injury and crime his blunder
ir.g policy has brought upon it.
It is hoped that the consulting roads will speedily
agree upon their policy/ in order that the important
and interesting questions raised may focus for ad
justment.
Has the Interstate Commerce Commission juris
diction over such a rate? If we deny that the com
merce is interstate, since it does not originate in one
State to be carried to o\ across another, we may
deny the commission's jurisdiction. But when we
consider the vast amount of freight of foreign origin
now carried as interstate commerce and subject to the
rating jurisdiction of the commission, there appears
an inextricable complication. It is the aspiration of
this coast to carry, control and distribute the Asiatic
trade at least until the Nicaragua canal is built. This
aspiration can only be realized by meeting the Suez
waterway rate by a transcontinental railway rate. It
is plain that if such railway rate is made the measure
of all transcontinental rates the roads cannot adopt
it. and if the rate on freight of American origin is
made the measure of the rate on freight of Asiatic
origin the trade will continue to go by the' Suez water
way.
A protest by the San Francisco wool shippers would
raise an issue that will be found very interesting.
It is obvious that we cannot get this commerce and
establish its distribution to continental points from
this coast unless the whole carriage and the rate om
the business are considered as units.
This purpose of the law imposes the issue that ap
pears in what the transcontinental roads are trying
to effect. If Asiatic commerce come and go this way,
instead of by the Suez canal, its rail mileage for inter
continental and Atlantic points is more than doubled.
It will constitute fifty per cent of the whole mileage.
In order to make possible the desired competition
with the Suez route this rail mileage must be had at a
lower rate on Asiatic than on domestic freight in the
same classification. For instance, the long clothing
wools of Australia and the carpet wools of Asia,
shipped from Port Adelaide or Macao, when loaded
on cars in San Francisco for Boston and Philadelphia
must be carried at a less rate per ton per mile than
the wools of California carried on the same trains
and between the same points. The rate from the
point of origin of the freight in Australia or Asia to
the point of destination must be considered as a unit,
though the carriage is part by water and part by rail.
The interstate commerce law is intended to enforce
equality of rates within the same classification and
This power to regulate was construed to mean the
jurisdiction of rates for transportation, but when the
question was raised as to the application of that_ con
struction to the freight rates on foreign commerce
doubts arose as to the soundness of the construction
it. c clf. As our commerce with foreign countries comes
in foreign ships, which under our treaties have the
right of entry and clearance in our ports, it was found
somewhat difficult to read the authority to regulate
into a power to fix the rates of freight at which for
eign ships shall bring cargoes to our port*. But the
Supreme Court has affirmed the constitutionality of
the power to regulate rates on interstate commerce,
and that part of the question is definitely settled.
The interstate commerce law, by which interstate
freight rates were taken under control by the Federal
Government, is based on that clause of the constitu
tion which Rives Congress power "to rtgulate com
merce between the States and with foreign countries."'
THE effort of the transcontinental railways to
unite in a policy toward Asiatic and Pacific
ishnd freights that will meet the Suez rate and
carry that commerce by the Pacific instead of the At
lantic coa?t raises some very interesting questions.
flSIfiTIC FREIGHTS.
"Does the eight-foot tide which San Fran
cisco bay has flow through the Golden
Gate in six hours? The bay is eighty
miles long and the Golden Gate is not a
mlllrace." In the first place, there is no
eight-foot tide in the bay of San Fran
cisco. For instance, for the year llX*) it
appears that the highest tide will be om
December 6, at 10:2$ a. m., when high
water will be 6.5 feet, and low water will
be at 3:34 p. m.. the same day. 1.3 feet,
making 7.8 feet. The heights- refer , to a
plane of reference which is the mean of
the lower water. The figures given are
those of the tides at Fort Point. It is im
possible to tell if the exact amount of
water that flows in through the Golden
Gate during six hours ebbs during the
succeeding six hours, as no experiments
have ever been made in that direction.
The amount of water in San Francisco
Bay Is increased continually by the Sac
ramento and San Joaquln rivers, which
flow into It. and in that case more water
may flow out of the gate than flows in
during the rise of a tide.
TIDE IX SAN FRANCISCO BAT-H
O. W., City. This correspondent asks:
year 1RS1 settled all disputes as to the pro
nunciation of the name of that State hy
declaring the pronunciation to be Arkan
saw.
ARKANSAS-J. H. R., Clt}-. The Legis
lature of the State of Arkansas in the
NEW YORK'S VOTE— Subscriber. City.
At the Presidential election of 1SK th»
State of New York cast for McKinlev
S1S.S3S vofs; Bryan. 551,39; Palmer, l«.35O:
Machett, 17,667; Levering, 16,052, a total of
1,424,876.
HALF DOLLAR OF lSll-Subscriber.
Los Banos. Cal. A half dollar of 1S11 doc*
not command a premium. A half of that
date can be purchased from i-oin collect
ors at prices varying from Si cents to si 5a.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
In tha Massachusetts Republican platform the
plank referring to trusts says: "Such combinations
are the inevitable results oLthe sharp competition
which relentlessly enforces reductions of cost, and
are consequently an incident of prosperity; but the
evils which arise from them are not to be cured by
a return to adversity through the success of the
Democratic party. Such a remedy would be worse
than the disease." There may not be all the political
wisdom in the world in that declaration, but it is
good sound sense ju«t the same.
t-|t-3HE Railroad Commissioners began
yesterday a hearing of the case of
H John C. Moore against. the Southern
Pacific Company, charging the rail
road company with a violation of the law
In raising the fare between this city and
Fresno from $3 75 to $5 90 without consult
ing the commission. The railroad pleaded
in defense that the $3 75 rate was really
a second class rate, but that the passen
gers were given , first class . accommoda
ilons on it and that the $3 75 rate was
never other than a special excursion or
commutation rate, the purchaser being
limited to one train, without stopover
privileges.
Commissioners Edson. Blackstock and
Iiaumeister were all present." The plain
tin! was represented by Attorney Frank
H. Short of Fresno and Judge A. P. Van
Duzer for the State. Attorney John E.
Foulds represented the railroad company.
The witnesses summoned were: John C.
Moore and W. T. Mattingly of Fresno.
Passenger Traffic Manager E. O. McCor
mick, General Passenger Agent T. H.
Goodman, Assistant General Agents R. A.
Donaldson and James Horsburgh Jr. of the
Southern Pacific Company, Assistant
Traffic Manager "W. A. Bissell- of the
Santa Fe and Traffic Manager John Moss
and Chief Clerk Jenks of the Valley road.
examined by Attorrey Foulds as to
whether the Valley road was acting as
agent for the steamboat- company Mr.
Moss was saved from answering through
obiectlons Interposed by Attorney Short.
James Horsburgh. the next witness,
produced circular S6 of the Southern Pa
cific Company, in which agents of the
company were instructed to sell limited
tickets to Fresno for V- 75. the order tak
ing effect on August 1. 1W. This is the
order that was rescinded a few months
ago in vkJhtlon. it is claimed, of the State
law.
Horsburgh explained at the afternoon
session that the $5 9>) tickets were always
kept on sale and were the only tickets
that enabled passengers to ride on all
trains and which entitled them to full
stopover privileges. Attorney Short dem
onstrated, on the cross-examination, that
a passenger could buy a ticket to an inter
mediate point and from that point to
Fresno, and come away under the $5 90
rate. He said that no one except a lu
natic would think of asking for a J5 !»
ticket.
Attorney Foulds had Horsburgh explain
the various kinds of excursion and com
mutation tickets used by the company.
John T. Moore and W. T. Mattingly tes
tified that when purchasing tickets wh»n
the $3 75 rate was in vogue they were
never offered other than a $.1 75 ticket.
The hearing will be continued at 9:30
o'clock this morning.
John Moss was the first witness. He
testified that the Valley road was com
pleted to Bakersfleld in June. IMS. but the
rate from Fresno to Stockton was put in
effect a year earlier. A ticket from
Fresno to Stockton had a coupon attached
which gave the passenger a free* ride on
the boat to San Francisco. When cross-
Attorney General Ford was present
when the hearing opened and said that he
approved of the proceedings and that he
would stand ready to advise the board on
questions of law that might arise. The
reading of the complaint came next, and
then a general denial of the charges by
Attorney Foulds, who said that the v al
ley road never was a competitor of the
Southern Pacific, but that it had only
acted as agent for a steamer line from
Stockton to this city and was therefore
not a common carrier. Foulds then out
lined the defense as given above.
When Moore was introduced* as a rep
resentative of the people of Fresno Foulds
became excited and denied trmt Moore
came before the commission in any other
capacity than that of a private citizen,
who claimed to have suffered at the hands
•of the company in one particular instance.
He also objected to \V. T. Mattingly. who
was, however, permitted by the board to
present a petition -from the people of
Fresno through the Chamber of Com
merce calling attention of the board to the
alleged unlawful acts of the Southern Pa
cific.
Hearing of Testimony in Fresno Rate
Case Begun by Railroad
Commissioners.
SATURDAY MAY-s,"^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Ccrrmunicaiions to W. S. LEAKE. Manager*.
PLBMCATIOX OFriCK..3Ifirliet and Tbtrd. S. V.
Teleybone Mnt* 1S6S.
EDITORIAL. noo)19. . . .217 to 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone ilntn Jb74.
XJcllverrd t»r Carrier*. 15 Cento Vmr Weelc
Simple Copies. B Cent*.
Terms »>r Mall. Inrlndlnc PoiUcel
C/.n-T CALL {including Sunday), one year SH.nn
DAILY CALL Or.eludlnr Sunday), 6 month* '• w)
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). S months J-B3
I5AILY CALL— By Eincle itonth 65 <5
SUNDAY CALL One Year • -• 1- RO
WEEKLY CALL On* Year 10 °
All postmasters are authorized to recelr*
subscriptions.
fcamj.:* copies will be frrvrarAvd. when reQUerted.
OAKJLAMJ OFFICE 1US Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
<Lcac Dlataace Telephone •'Central 2O».")
KETT TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW TORS. Ri£l\KESENTATTVlC:
STEPHEN B. SMITH... 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO XfEWS STANDS:
Bhermaa Hotue; P. O. New* Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
KTTW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A, Breatano. 81 Union Sauare:
Murray BUI Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BX1A5CH OFFICE?— H7 Mcntscrnerr. earner et Clay. ep*o
catll »:S0 o'clock. X00 Hayes, open until »:3O o'clock. 639
•ffcAHJiter. open cntlt *:S0 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
t:30 o'clock. 1911 Ulnion. open «ill 10 o'clock. 2261
Itaxket, ecreer Elxtetctb, open untU • o'clock. 100«
Valencia, open until 8 o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until
8 o'clock. NTT. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky,
cpen uctU 0 o'clock.
RATES JUGGLED BY
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
It would be a profitable and beneficial act for Con
sul Ho Yow to meet'with the Merchants' Association
of this city and discuss the effect of these frauds upon
the mutual commerce of the two countries. It is re
ported that Wu Ting Fang, the Chinese Minister at
Washington, is about to return home. He is one of
the best equipped diplomats in the corps at our na
tional capital, a man of great intelligence, who speaks
our language perfectly. When he comes to San
Francisco this case should be laid before him, that
he may carry home to his Government the facts and
urge it to co-operate with ours in securing to Chi
nese the rights they have under the law by denying
those rights to all for whom they are not intended.
It can seek no better way to do this, and to pro
tect its own people lawfully domiciled here, and to
banish an American prejudice which is a bar to proper
and profitable commercial relations between the two
countries, than by putting an end to the unlawful
traffic of its own subjects in the flesh and blood of
their countrymen.
But while such pursuit and exposure and, if pos
sible, punishment, are duties of our people and our
Government, China has a heavy responsibility. It is
well known that the Chinese Government can easily
prevent the initiation of these frauds in China. That
Government desires to maintain relations of amit>
with the western world, and especially with tha
United States.
In saying this we by no means acquit of responsibil
ity the American officials who by carelessness or cor
ruption aid the frauds of the Chinese. They shoull
be pursued relentlessly until their ignorance or their
preed is cured or they are replaced by others who are
neither ignorant nor corrupt.
Intelligent Chinese and Americans alike lament the
constantly existing and, progressive prejudice against
the Chinese people. But all must tee that the Chinese
themselves are to blame (or it.
It is the odium of Chinese administration that these
dishonest evasions occupy the time and attention of
the executive and judicial officers of this Government.
We have reciprocal rights under the treaty with
China, but neither our people nor our Government
puts reciprocal burdens upon the administrative of
ficers of China. If we go there at all it is to obey the-
Chinese law?, not violate them.
We have no desire to be the means of excluding a
single individual of the Chinese race who has a right
here under the treaty and the law. We warn all such
that their worst enemies are their countrymen and
American officials and attorneys who abuse the privi
leges of the law to land those who have no right to
come. The Chinese Government, the Consul General
here and the Minister at Washington should see
this and procure the co-operation of their Govern
ment with ours in stopping this illegal immigration,
which is not only evasive of the lawj a breach of the
national faith of China and a menace to the peace
of Chinese lawfully here, but a distinct damage
.ind harm to those who have a right to go and come
freely as members of the non-excluded classes.
These cases, like those of the native sons, should be
sent to the courts for judicial examination. The mer
chants' wives who apply for admission should also be
sent to the courts to prove their right to land. '
THE CALL has furnished ample information on
the subject of the importation of Chinese
women. The identification of the different
classes which apply for admission is easy, and at once
settles their status and determines the purpose of their
importation. The Chinese traders in this stock un
derstand all this perfectly. Their coaching lessons
are planned with a view of falsifying the classification
of women. But it is not difficult to overcome this fal
sification, since the immobility of the population in
China differentiates that people and fixes upon each
class and the people of each province certain unmis
takable characteristics. The distinction of the boat
people from the land dwellers requires no sorcery.
The trick of the Chinese importers of human chattels
is to coach the boat women so that they appear out
of their class. In the lesson prepared for the spurious
native daughter, Wai Ho, it will be seen that she was
taught to declare that her mother was a bound-foot
woman, which places her in the upper class among
her people. But there is a peculiarity in dialect and
other particulars which should be easily detected that
exposes the falsehood and the fraud. The daughters
of smail-foot women do not go ranging over the
ocean alone and without motive, whether they are
native daughters or not.
TRADE IN CHINESE WOMEN.
One of the Australian statesmen now in London,
Mr. Walter Griffiths of Western Australia, is quoted
as- having given the 1 British this warning:; "The de
sire for national unity in the colonies is so strong and
self-reliant that any false step now made postponing
or imperiling the measure. may result in a movement
for the. formation of an Australian republic." .The
warning can hardly be-passed over as an idle threat.
The Australians carefully considered the meaning. of
every clause in their commonwealth bill- when they
drew it up and ratified it.. It represents their convic
tions and their desires concerning their, government,
arid if it be incompatible with the empire so much
the worse for the empire. Certainly the empire will
gain nothing by trying to force itself upon Australia
at this time.
colonies object' strongly to any amendment to the
bill. A hard fight and a long fight was required to
get the bill adopted by the people, for local pride,
prejudice and patriotism are strong in the colonies
and federation is a new- scheme, and therefore has
against it all the forces of conservatism. If the pres
ent bill be materially changed it is by no means cer
tain the. colonies Would adopt it in the amended form,
and thus all that has been gained for federation would
be lost. For that reasojithc Australians ask for a
ratification of the measure as it stands, and promise
that the loyalty of the colonists will prevent any dis
integration of the empire.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1900.
6
The favorite for restoring life and color to th«»
tialr is Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hlndercorns. the beat cure for corns. 15 ct».
Secure a sound mind, which seldom go»» with-
out a sound digestion, by using Dr. Slegert'a
Angostura BHtt.-s.
Special Information * supplied daily to
business hou»«>J< and -public men by the-"-
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen», 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound. In fire-etch«nl boxes or Jap baskets.
633 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
Peanut crisps. New. Townsend'9. •
AMUSEMENTS.
ColuirsMl — "The Floorwalker*."
Tlvrli— "The Wizard of Of Nl>."
Grand Opera-house— "In Gay New Tcrk."
MrittT-'-Suc'-
O'ifornia— "A Gilded Fool."
Orrheum— "Vaudeville."
Olympia. «>rn»r Mnwn and Eddy *tre*t»— Pp^rlalties.
Chutes. Zoo and Tho«ter— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•v«i»nj.
Fischers Concert Hnu?e_"I,* Traviatm."
Recreate rark-Bwball.
Karp Company Concert Hall -Vaudeville.
MerhaniCE' Pavilion— I>?«r Phorr.
Glen Park— Vaudeville, n*xt Sunday.
E! Oampri— Pancin? howling-, fl^tilng; etc., every Sunday.
Oakland Racetrack— Rare* to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
Br Sul!1va.n fr Doyle— Monday. May T. at 11 o'clock. Horses,
et corner of Twelfth and Harrison streett.
IN NEXT I
Sunday's Call
Can you afford to miss such ar *
tides as these 1 |
GEN. JOSEPH WHEELER j
Gives the first of a series of three*
great articles upon the Philippine
Islands, based upon his personal
Experiences and Observations.
CAPTAIN BEN BOHEN
Of 30 years' experience en the San
Francisco Police Force tells about f
.•• Criminals I Have Known.'* |
CAPTAIN R. B. FITHIAN,
Who has just returned from a g
pleasure trip in the South Seas. |
has written his own story of the
Cruise of the Rover. '
I MRS. PHEBE. HEARST 1
and her unique work at the
University of California
make an interesting page.
CHICKASAW INDIAN GIRLS
-. Discuss the S1000 marriage license ->
' question.
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL. \
These^ are only a few of the features— look out for a ghost story, fiction,
book reviews, famous grayes and other articles of value and absorbing interestFenton Used a ' Razor.
The big steamer Uklah-will make three
round trips ¦ between the city and El
Campo to-morrow. The reso,rt is now at
its best, nestling at . the base of green
hills and fronting the most attractive por
tion of San Francisco Bay.
Sunday Outing.
Sunshine Kindergarten and Day N'ur
serywas given a benefit In Sunshine Hall.
Harrison" street,' near Sixth, last night.
The object was solely charitable and de
serving of better support than was re
ceived Tho entertainment was diversi
fied.and well appreciated. Miss May G.
Farrel w-as in charge of theaffalr. The
bazar will be open this afternoon and
evening, when it is expected that, the
friends of the institution will be more in
evidence. ¦' . . :
Benefit for the Babies.
Interesting and Novel Entertainment
to Be Given Wednesday Evening
at Metropolitan Temple.
St. Joseph's Home for Deaf Mutes, Oak
land, will be the beneficiary of an enter
tainment to bo given in Metropolitan Hall
on the evening of May 9. A biograph ex
hibition will Toe given and thirty deaf
mutes will present interesting specialties.
Rev. Father Prendergast. Vicar General,
will deliver an address. Tickets may be
obtained at the headquarters of the
Young Ladies' Institute. Tenth and Mar
ket streets: at the Monitor. office, and at
the box office. The homo Is doing a vast
amount of good for the deaf-mute chil
dren, and the entertainment should be, well
patronized.
FOR THE BENEFIT Of
THE DEAF MUTES' HOME
Sixteen Employes Who Have Been
Serving Without Compensation
Are Restored to Full Pay.
The Board of Health met last night and
restored sixteen employes to the salary
roll. Among them were five food inspec
tors at $75 per month each, five sanitary
inspectors at $100. Bath and Laundry In
spector James Dailey at $75. Bakery In
spector F. Bergez at $73, one vacclnator
at $100 and three market Inspectors at $75
per month each.
The expenses for April of the City and
County Hospital were reported to the
amount of $2252 20 and those of the Alms
house to $2681 36.
Daniel Powers was appointed market
inspector.
BOARD OF HEALTH AGAIN
INCREASES SALARY ROLL
'Additional Shipping News on Page 11
Teachers and Pupils Testify Prin
cipal Was' Punctual in Discharge
of His Duties. .
The trial of Principal Kllpatrick of the
Business Evening School was resumed
yesterday morning In the rooms of the
Board of Education. Testimony favor
able to the accused was given by several
teachers and pupils. C. H. Anker of the
Spanish class testified that Kilpatrick
had advised the pupils regarding a trip
to Yosemlte and had suggested to them
that they could make up part of the ex
penses by soliciting Insurance which he
would place for them. The pupils were
to have the entire management of the af
fair and Kllpatrick was to handle none
of the finances. Miss Jean Cooke. an
other teacher, had attended several meet-
Ings called by the defendant in the inter
est of the Yosemlte outing. Kllpatrick
had never advised the pupils how to get
Insurance. Albert Turner, a pupil, stated
that he had procured $500 worth of insur
ance, but that Kilpatrick had not placed
It. Angelo Byrne. Frank D. Strlngham,
Albert W. Lyser and Marlon Blanchard,
teachers In the school, testified that they
had never known Kllpatrick to be absent
from duty and that the insurance scheme
had never been carried out. A. Lind
strom. proprietor of a bathing house,
said that he had never known Kilnatrick
to be drunk in his place and he had never
conducted himself In an unbecoming
manner In the bath house. Thomas W.
Large, who was once janitor of the
school created some amusement when he
testified that he had locked the outer door
on the School Board so the • members
could not enter the school. He said that
Kilpatrick was always punctual -and at
tentive to his duties. 'Kllpatrick was put
on the stand in the evening and denied
all the charges brought against him.
KILPATRICK SUGGESTED
THE INSURANCE SCHEME
hearing. This very dullness, however,
which shut her off from the world of the
senses, forced her to concentrate her pow
ers upon Intellectual pursuits, so that her
mind became more lar-reaching because
of its singularly Imperfect dwelling.
At the age of 20 Harriet Martineau be
came entirely deaf. She met this afflic
tion with the same cheerful strength
which characterized every- trial of her life,
and immediately resolved never to ask
her friends to repeat an observation lest
she should thus make them sharers In the
irksomeness of her misfortune.
Harriet Martineau made three literary
ventures before she was well launched
upon the stream of literary popularity
down which she afterward sailed so
swiftly and so smoothly. A.\ hen her
brother James, afterward the celebrated
Dr. Martineau, went away to college he
advised' Harriet, his student comrade, to
beguile his absence with authorship. Mie
was then but 19. apd with her usual tlmor
ousness -told no one of her trial article.
"Female Writers In Practical Divinity,
which she sent anonymously to the
Monthly Repository, a Unitarian maga
zine. \Vhen the oldest son dropped in the
following Sunday to read to the family
the best thing that the paper had printed
for a long time Harriet was covered with
confusion to recognize her article as the
subject of her brother's praise. The reader
was so Irritated that HarriPt did not join
In the family chorus 6f approval that she
1 was obliged to confess having written the
: essay, whereupon her kindly brother, lay
ing his hand upon her shoulder, said
gravely: "Now. dear, leave it to other
women to make shirts and darn stock
ings, and do you devote yourself to this.
A few years later the father died, worn
out with" business cares, and each of the
family was thrown on his own resources.
As Harriet was too deaf to teach she be
came an expert needlewoman, stitching
far into the night and occasionally
stretching her wings as an author. She
enjoyed surmounting obstacles and fre
quently referred to this period of pro
digious work as delightful, in that It re
vealed to her her capacity for work and
her powers of endurance. She frequently
supplemented her needlework by writing
until 2 or 3 In the morning, receiving but
£15 a year for her contributions of es
says book reviews, poems and devo
tional exercises to the Monthly Reposi
tory. .•..;-
Her second important literary venture
was her submission of three essays to
the Central Unitarian Association. This
body had offered three prizes of 10. 13 and
*>0 guineas each for the best essays on
the presentation of Unitarlanlsm to Jews,
Catholics and Mohammedans. Always
fond of theology. Harriet determined to
try for all the prizes, and accordingly
took every precaution to prevent the dis
covery that the three essays were by the
same hand, even going so far as to have
the first treatise, to which she devoted
• a month's time, copied by a poor school
boy. Although there were many learned
competitors. Harriet, to her great aston
ishment, gained every prize.
Her third notable experiment does not
read so much like a fairy tale, for there
were too many refusals, snubbings and
hard bargainings such as assail more
ordinary mortals to make the effort a de
light These obstacles once surmounted,
however. Harriet Martln«-au found her
self seourely seated on the front benches
of fame from which she could successful
ly survey the literary turmoil of the less
successful. Thenceforth she had only to
choose the most congenial of the num
berless literary offers which constantly
assailed her. The work which thus as
sured her literary reputation was a series
of tales illustrative of the principles of
political economy. They were gpnerally
refused by cautious publishers, fearful of
the experiment of diffusing knowledge In
the garb of fiction, many averring that
the public was too much agitated by
the cholera and the reform bill to con-
Rider anv new departure, causing the In
defatigable Author to exclaim that she
was as heartily sick of the, reform bill aa
William IV himself. Through all these
discouragements she felt convinced that
her work was needed, and saying con
stantly to herselt. "My book will do yet!^
she pressed on. In ppite of the "Noes"
that were constantly shouted into her
ear trumpet."
A bookseller finally offered to take the
work upon the unpleasant condition that
the author should fln>t secure 500 sub
scriptions for the book. Any one Hse so
deaf and so obscure, would have recoiled
from such a proviso: buJ. nothing daunt
ed shu sent a prospectus to each mem
ber of Parliament, nnd In three weeks
the sale of her stories had run to 5000
copies and the author had no further care
about money. These stories, aside from
their great merit of disabusing tho pub
lic mind of Hie impression that science is
too deep & too recondite for the ordinary
intellect." possessed an all-absorbing In
terest regarded simply as stories. Her
faith in these and tubsenuent efforts led
many to misunderstand her sure, percep
tion of the pu,bllc needs for a remarkable
egoism. She was sHf-centered naturally
from the nature of her affliction and fr»m
the constant proof which she received of
her correct reading of public necessity;
HARRIET MARTINEAU.
mented, "but that cannot be helped now.
• • ? I had now, by 30 years of age,
ascertained my career, found occupation
and achieved independence. • • • Any
one to whom that happens at 30 years of
age may be satisfied; and I was so.
Two years after she sailed to America,
to recuperate from the prolonged strain
of writing thirty-four volumes In about
two and a half years. During her two
years' stay in this country she studied the
institutions of the people. She seemed ti»
gain a clearer Insight than u*oes the aver
age hasty traveler, and the results of her
observations are not so derogatory as
those of the superficial tourist. In her
volume "Society in America" she ad
vances the theory that the Americana
may always be trusted to do the right
thing in time. Of American manners »h«
say: "They are the best I ever saw.
and these are seen to the greatest advan
tages in their homes. • • • They have
been called the most good-tempered peo
ple In the world, and I think it must be
so • • • I imagine the practice of for
bearance requisite in a republic is answer
able for this pleasant peculiarity. The
manuscript of her other work on America
(called "Retrospect of Western Travel )
was presented in 1S0C to the Drexel Insti
tute of Philadelphia by Mr. George W.
C One S 'of her greatest accomplishments
was her translation and condensation of
the "Philosophy of Aususte Comte. Her
simplification of this rather verbose work
was so successful that it was translated
back into French and used as a textbook
of positivism, while the original work had
merely a curious value for libraries and.
bibliopolists. Meanwhile Harriet Mar
tineu twice refused a Government pension,
preferring to support her blind mother
and intemperate brother by her own ex
ertions to receiving from the Government
money which she had. not earned.
A few years later she built hcraelf a
cozy graystone cottage at Ambleslde.
where she worked indefatigably. cheered
My the congenial society of Wordsworth,
Emerson. Coleridge. Macready. feouthey.
Lytton. Hallam. Landseer and a host of
other bright minds. She enjoyed above
Ell things a duel of wit with the Inimitable
Sydney Smith, whose voice she declared
"sounded 'ike the great bell of St. Paul s
and made the use of her ear trumpet quite
unnecessary. Hawthorne said of her con
versational powers:
"She is the most continual talker I ever
heard. It Is really like the babbling of m.
brooK. and very lively and sensible, too: and
all the while she talks she moves the bowl of
her ear trumpet from one auditor to another, so
that It becomes quite an organ of intelligence
between her and yourself."
When not writing accounts of her trav
els in the Orient, a history of the thirty
years' peace or fascinating story books
for children she was exerting a most prac
tical neighborllness in her community.
She most generously placed her valuable
private library at the disposal of all who
asked organized building societies and
mechanic Institutes, to which she gave
free courses of lectures upon sanitation,
the constitution of the United States, the
Crimean war and current topics. She dem
onstrated her theories by building self
supporting workingmen's cottages and by
giving her poorer neighbors practical evi
dence of the way in which a farm or two
acres may be made to pay.
Meanwhile she had received an unusual
offer for a woman, vix.. that of writing
"leaders" for the Daily News, a large
London newspaper. For this paper alone
she wrote 1W2 editorials, by many consid
ered the most Influential part of her life
work, feho so molded public opinion that
to her largely belongs the responsibility
of England's position during our late Civil
War. "Harriet Martineau alone," declared
W. E. Forster. "was keeping our country
straight in regard to America."
Because her books were such marvels
of clearness and cleverness, not classic,
but the result of a trained mind gifted
with instantaneous insight, and because
of the masculine order of her work, many
have accused her of bavins a passionless
intellect. The great number of friends
among the famous and among her % lowly
neighbors who knew and loved her clatm
that the passion with which she worked
for the betterment of humanity up to the
very day of her death In 1S7»> is the best
refutation of such a charge.
land, Samoa and Hawaii yesterday. When
she left Honolulu the quarantine had not
been raised, but was to be on April 30. The
mail steamer therefore brought no cabin
or steerage passengers from the islands.
Nevertheless, as the plague abounds in
Sydney, N. S. \V., the Alameda was placed
in quarantine, but will probably be re
leased to-day.
The cabin passengers on the Alameda
are:
From Sydney— George Adams, Ed Bromn>ld,
William Blair, Charles Cogill and wife, John
Davenport, Mrs. and Miss Klam, William G.
Fitzeerald. Mr. and Miss Oillesple. Mrs. Alt
Haekett. Miss Annie Henderson. Joseph Hahn
enbein. A. N. l^lbby. Mrs. and Mlns McBurney,
Mrs. Helen McClurc, Charles W. J. Oliver ami
wife and three daughter*, A. H. I'atterson and
wife. Miss Patterson, It. Patterson, Mrs. Dr.
Emily Hyder. Thomas Spencer and wife, Wil
liam B. Sturkey and wife and four children,
Charles F. Haxton. William B. Veirs.
From Auckland — Mitw Jessie Brovvnlee, II. D.
Bishopp and wife, James Balllle. Alexander
Hlack and wife. Misses Bleazard. William Chat
fleld. William Oochrane. Mr. and Mrs. Deans.
William Duncan, O. D. Krary. Frederick Far
mar and wife, Charles Greenslade and wife, R.
Greenslade. Misses Oreenslade, Colonel Thomaa
Henry, Charles A. Henry. II. House and wife,
F. Gregory Jones. Michael Mcuill, John Mur
phy, Arthur Myers, Mrs. K. Myers. William
McMillan. Mrs. and Mi*a McMurray, Thomas O.
Price. Mr. and Miss Payne, Dr. and Mrs. Phil
lips. II. Picker. A. Rhodes and wife, F. Rayston
and wife, Raymond. . II. Reid, Rev. George
Stowell and wife. 'John Score. M. Soder and
wife. William Wood. F. Woodraffe, Mias Wake
man. K. J. Watt, Mr. Watson.
From Apia— Lieutenant P. Chambers, B. Met
zer, Julius Ravlzza, Robert Tlbbetts.
Treasure on the Coptic.
On the steamer Coptic, which arrived
Thursday night, is $1,074,031 in treasure
and some valuable consignments of silks
and opium.
Trouble on the Vine.
The passengers on' the little schooner
Vine are anything but pleased with the
manner In which the owner of the vessel
and the customs authorities are treating
them. Last Tuesday the Vine was appar
ently ready for sea and was moved from
the wharf into the stream. Then the pas
sengers began to growl about the. quarters
allotted to them, and for a while It looked
as though there were going to he trouble.
Later the customs authorities stepped In
and told Captain Small that he could not
sail until 'the cabin accommodations had
been Improved pnd made to fit the regula
tions. The Vine Is still In the stream, but
the chances are that she will have to re
turn to her dock and discharge some of
her freight in order to make room for the
passengers.
Steamers for Nome.
The new steamer Santa Am. will have
her trial trip on Monday next. .' §he is a
fine, able vessel of 1265 tons gross burden,
190 feet long. 38 feet beam and 24 feet deep.
She was built In Coos Bay and'is expected
by her owners to make twelve knots at
her first attempt. She will be added to
Charles Nelson's fleet, every one of which
is going to Nome. The Cleveland sails
Monday, the Lakme Tuesday and the
Santa Ana Wednesday of next week, the
Charles Nelson on the 10th and the Cen
tennial on the 11th inst. All of these ves
sels will stop at Seattle on their way to
the gold fields.
Mail Has Been Landed and Cabin
Passengers Will Probably Get
Ashore To-Day — Treas
ure on the Coptic. -";.:¦:
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ala
meda arrived from Australia, New Zea-
Mail Steamer Alameda Ar
rives and Is Placed in
Quarantine.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATERFRONT
For those who maintain sidewalk ele
vator hatchways In which no elevator is
operated the sum of $1 per year. For
coal chutes or similar openings in side
walks, including gas or water openings,
the sum of $2 per year.
For those who maintain steps leading
from a building or into a basement Jl per
year; carriage blocks upon or close to the
curb J5 per year; for a railroad signal
house or other signaling device on the
public highway $5 per year; light well, air
shaft or other opening in the sidewalk
where no steps are placed, $2 per foot for
each opening; for a newspaper bulletin
board, theatrical bill board or any other
form of slsrn on the sidewalk $5 p?r year;
for projecting signs, either hanging or
fixed, $2 per foot per year; for bootblack
stands $12 per year for each chair used
on the stand, the applicant for the privi
lege not to pay rent to the owner of the
premises; for clocks over or upon the side
walk $4 per year each.
For those who maintain lamps over or
upon the sidewalk the only condition im
fiosed is that the lamp must be kept burn
ns all night. Names or numbers may be
painted on the lamps, but they must not
destroy their value as illumlnants.
At the meeting of the License Commit
tee yesterday Supervisor McCarthy pre
sented - n ordinance which is Intended to
Impose a license tax upon certain special
privileges that become an encroachment
upon the sidewalks and streets. McCar
thy explained that a large revenue could
be obtained by such a tax. The ordinance,
which will be taken up at the next meet-
Ing of the board, provides that owners of
buildings or other structures which en
croach upon the sidewalk or street must
pay a license as follows: For those build
ings having columns, pilasters or other
architectural features that project over
the sidewalks at a height less than 10 feet
the sum of Jl per year for each lineal foot
or fraction thereof for each obstruction
so maintained.
Supervisor McCarthy will present
an ordinance at the next meeting; of
the Board of Supervisors which pro
vides for a license tax on the follow
ing special privileges: For buildings
from which any architectural feat
ures project, sidewalk elevator hatch
ways, coal chutes and other similar
openings in the sidewalks, steps lead
ing from a building into a basement,
carriage blocks on the curb, railroad
signal-houses, newspaper bulletin
boards, theatrical billboards, project
ing signs and bootblack stands, to be
determined by the number of chairs
used.
Will Present an Ordinance to the
Board Which Is Intended to
Produce a Large Munici
pal Revenue.
Supervisor McCarthy Wants
a License on Special
Privileges.
ENCROACHMENTS
ON SIDEWALKS
WILL BE TAXED
Charles Nelson's New Steamer Santa Ana and His Nome Fleet.
STEAMSHIP MEN
FULLY AGREE
AGAINST SUEZ
Nippon Yusen and Santa Pe
Lines Secure a Big
Differential.
The Tariff on Tea to Be Advanced, but
Freights on Outward Cargoes of
Paper Is Reduced 20
Per Cent. •
The trans-Paciilc conference finished its
labors yesterday after having accom
plished much and having come to a gen
eral understanding that will likely lead to
other conferences and further agreements
concerning rates across the Pacific.
The most important outcome of the
meeting was the agreement of all the
lines to allow a differential of one-half of
a cent per pound on silk to the Nippon
Yusen Kaisha and the California and Ori
ental Steamship Company. These two
companies contended that they were the
weaker lines and refused to come to any
agreement without the concession were
made. Otherwise the several lines agreed
not to disturb the present rate on silk,
which is ?6 per 100 pounds to common
points in the United States.
The onlj" rate advanced was on tea, in
which there was great rate cutting and it
is claimed a considerable loss annually to
everv line. Tea has been carried to com
mon* points in the United States as low
as 60 cents per 100 pounds. The new rate
agreed upon is $1 50 per 100 to common
points, with the proviso that during tho
season of heavy shipments by mutual con
sent the minimum rate shall be made
51 25.
The only rate changed on outgoing car
goes was on paper, which it was agreed
to reduce from $1 to 80 cents. It was
agreed to permit all other rates to re
main as at present.
The freight conference has adjourned
5ine die. but the passenger men will not
get through until to-day. They are now
discussing steerage rates, which, it is
claimed, are considerably lower from the
Orient to Puget Sound points than to this
citv. The companies with terminals at
thfs city are trying to get concessions
from the Puget Sound lines that will put
them on a more even footing in securing
steerage business.
Two Bankrupts.
Harry B. Whitf. machinist, in the ser
vice of the SoiHhcrn Pacific Company, re
sidinia: in San Francisco and San Jos« al
tornately, filed a petition in insoU'ency
yesterday. His liabilities are $632 00 and
his assets $65.
Thomas A. Fahy, clerk, Oakland, has
filed a similar petition, with liabilities
stated at 5442 50. He has no assets. .-,'::¦
Harriet's father, a wealthy bombazine
manufacturer, gave all of his children an
unusually liberal education, but neither
he nor his wife seemed to possess the key
to the idiosyncrasies of child nature. Con
sequently their daughter Harriet, whose
senses were phenomenally dull and whose
nervous temperament was arbitrary
and inexplicable, suffered a loveless child
hood from which the true child spirit was
conspicuously absent. After reading her
graphic autobiography Thackeray ex
pressed the whimsical regret that Harriet
Martineau should not have chosen lier
parents more wisely. This autobiography
teems with tales of unaccountable fright,
induced by her dullness of vision and men
tal perception; absence of the sense of
smell, and an incurable defect in her
Harriet Martineau, whom N Lord
Brougham called "the little deaf woman
at Norwich," did more to mold public
opinion than many of her contemporaries
whoso writings have proved more valu
able to posterity. Her Huguenot ances
tors had come to England after the revo
cation of the edict of Nantes, and the in
dependence of spirit which had caused
them to become refugees in the seven
teenth century caused their descendants
to become Unitarians in tho nineteenth
century.
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN
XII. HARRIET MARTINEAU.
(1S02-1S76.)
After her "Illustrations of Political
Economy" had sold well up in tho
hundred thousands and her '•Talea
Tpon Taxation." "The Poor Laws,"
"Free Trade," "Anti-Corn I.aw9."
"Forest and Game Laws," "Bi!ls of
Exchange," "Slavery," "Polish Exile,"
"Military Hygiene," "Drainage in Agri
culture." "Strikes and Overpopula
tion had met with phenomenal success
she was besieged by every hobbyist in
Rngland. Members of Parliament and
public personages who wished their griev
ances aired in fiction sent her statistics
and memoranda until the Postmaster no
tified her that she "must send for her
share of the mail, for It could not br> car
ried without a barrow." All this at a
time when the author was but 30 years of
age. "I have had no spring." she com-
Harriet Martineau's success was tem
pered by a great sorrow, which, happen
ing before her father's death. Influenced
her entire life. A young Unitarian minis
ter, a classmate of her brother James,
who frequently spent his vacations at
Norwich, greatly admired Harriet, but
hesitated to ask her to marry Into a stite
of poverty. When the Martineau3 lost
their property, however, he became en
gaged to Harriet, but the overwork at
tending the care of a large church In
Manchester brought on brain fever, which
resulted in an unbalanced mind. Hi*
death shortly after made a painful Im
pression upon . the girl of Zi which time
never effaced.
but from ordinary, insufferable conceit
she was preserved by her untiring efforts
for humanity.
"THE LITTLE DEAF WOMAN AT NORWICH."
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton. ' f
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES F^OR GIRLS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1900.
E. F. Fenton wan arrested .yesterday
afternoon on a charge of assault to mur
der. The. complaint was made by H. R.
Rood, an employe of the Harbor Commis
sioners. Rood aTleges that Fenton cut his
coat sleeve with a razor. **
7
Here is a story v that dem-
onstrates fact strai.g* ¦ than
fiction: Captain Ben Bohen of
over thirty years' experience
on the San Francisco police
force has written a nost thrill-
ing --.count for next Sunday '»
Call about "Criminals I Rave
Known." Remember that this
appears exclusively in The
Call.
FOURTH ANNUAL
r*S fjffm* VJSl B*T ifSdl
SHOW!
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MAY 2, 3, 4, 5, 1900.
THE LARGEST EXHIBITION' OF DOGS
EVER HELD ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
OPEN 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. DAILT.
ADMISSION, AFTERNOONS. 25c.
EVENINGS, 50c.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB.
H. H. CARLTON.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SATURDAY. May F-Par-
quet 25<\ any seat: Balcony l/)c; Children 10c,
any part.
AN OVERWHELMING SUCCESS.
Flora's ALL-STAR SPECIALTY COMPANY.
LITTLE FRED and hit performing animals;
MR. AND MRS. ARTHUR SI DM AN;
BOWMAN AND ARDELL;
BROTHERS FORREST.
In conjunction with
ORPHEUM STARS,
ETTA BUTLER. DIGBT BELL. RAE AND
BROSCHE. MILD.RED STROLLER.
PROTO.
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
—
TO-NIGHT-
CAKEWALK CONTEST !
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
SPECIAL!
SUNDAY AFTERNOON and EVENING
AL NEiLL in 4 Round Sparring Match
Order Scats by Phone— Park 23.
BASEBALL!
San Francisco
vs.
Oakland
TO-DA Y AT 3 f. M.
SUNDA Y AjT2:3O P. Af .
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streetg.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
THE LAST DAY ¥ THE SEASON,
SATURDAY, May 5.
For His Benefit of the Fabiola Hospital
THE FABIOLA DERBY
And Five Other Races.
Ccrrpllmentary Badges Will Not Be Honored.
SPECIAL BOATS leav* 12:00. 12:30.-1:00. 1:30,
2-00 2:30. 3 p. m.. connecting; with trains run-
ning direct to the track Kate. Returning special
trains leave the race trax-k at 4:15 and 4M5
and immediately after the last race. Purchase
ticket at Ferry Depot for Shell Mound.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS Jti... President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. •
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 O'FARJIELL STREET.
Lillian W'aithe. soprano, and John Kurkamp,
tenor. Great Lambardi Opera Quartet. ."La
Travlata" (Camili*).
10c— Aomieslon— 10c. Matinee Sunday.
CONCErFkaTl— THE C F.KAPP COMPANY
CornT Golden Gate avenue an<l Market street.
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
EVERY NIGHT. EVERY NIGHT.
ADMISSION FREE
ISEW WESTERN HOTEL.
K' EARNT AND WASHINGTON ST8.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD &
CO European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 60 day:
55 to JS week; $8 to J20 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire rrates in every
room; elevator run» all night.
f\ tk T"t" nAIIII Corner Fourth and
< : I A L L UllVnl Market. B. T. Try
I II h r KIIW II I our Special Brew
LlH I llUI lll_ Steam and Lager.
I will ¦• ¦•%*¦••¦« j c _ Overcoats and
, .Valises checked free.
are everywhere*
Every woman knows
some woman friend who
has been helped by Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound* What does
this friend say about it?
Read the letters from
women being published In
this paper* If you are
ailing, don't try expert'
merits. Rely on the relia-
ble.
Mrs* Pinkham's great
medioime has stood with-
out a peer for thirty
years*
Puzzled women write to
Mrs. Pinkham for advice
whloh she gives without
charge* The advice Is
confidential and accurate.
It has helped a million wo-
men. Mrs* Pinkham's
address Is Lynn, Mass*
Matinee To-Day and Snaday
PICTL'nEPQUE PRODUCTION ;
Of Bret Hart»'s Beautiful Story of the Early
L>ayB of California.
PEATS— 15c. 25c. S5c, 60c.
Next Week, Scenic Production,
THE GREAT DIAMOND ROBBERY
COLUMBIAN
MATINEE TO-PAY- - - - - - 25c. S^c. 75c.
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY-LAST TIMES
WARD AND VOKBS.
«0 PEOPLE: 40
In the So Funny Musical Farce.
"THE FLOOR WALKERS"
FUN PRICES ;Sc, 35c, 60c. T5e and $1
EXTRA I— B^gT NEXT MONDAY,
Charles H. Yele'g Massive. Marvelous, Mechan-
ical, Fjwrtacular Romance,
-THE EVIL EYE.
PHONE MAIN 522.
matineFto-day.
Our LBtert and Greatest Success,
IN GAY NEW YORK.
Full of Catchy Music, Tretty Snr.gs, Graceful
Dances and New Joke?.
If you enjoy a hearty laugh, don't mlse It.
— In Preparation —
An Entire Novelty to San Francisco,
"THE L/ADY SLMVEY."
For two years the rape of I/^nflon ani New York
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Gcod Reserved Peat in Orchestra, Saturday
S)at!n«!. cents.
Br.inch Ticket Offlc— Emporium.
LAST] "A GILDED
OF* FOOL."
» THIS AFTERNOON AT 5:15 P. M.
TO-NIGHT AT S:li P. M.
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND THE EXCELLENT NEILL COMPANY.
TO-MORROVI-— SUNDAY NIGHT.
By Special Arrangement With Richard
Manefleld,
A PARISIAN ROMANCE.
THE GREAT DRAMATIC SENSATION.
Entire New Scenery and Mountings.
P.EFKRVED SEATS-NiKht =3c. S0c. 75c.
Matinee :Dc, 50c.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
. AM I A WIZ? "WE DRAW CROWDS.
With the Encrmous Comic Opera Success.
The Wizard
of the Nile.
N^w »r. It« THIRD BIG WEEK!!
EVENINGS AT S. EVENINGS AT I.
prices^ 25 and 50 Cents
I Telephone Bufch 9. •
GLEN_PARK,
TO-MORROW (SCKDAT) 1Ja >' •
HA LI A DELI,
(.The Terrible Turk)
¦\V«Tld'» Chftmuion Wr*>»tl<>r. Will Met
A* C. OLSE/V,
The Utic.nqufrable Swede.
I In a Cateh-a«-Catrh-Can V.'n»«ling Match
FOH A PCriSK OF S10C0.
The Winner to wrestle immediately thereafter
anv thr*-* pernon* >ni < »wtll >U. and will give
them fl for every minute they eland again;t
him.
llOMAINE'S RKCKLEE8 FUDE FOR LIFE.
OITRA'F WOBLD-REN'OWNED TROt-TE
OK JAKANKPK UVMKAST8 AND JUGGLERS
i:nkw'*ai-ki> VA«:m;vii,L,K snow
AND OTHICU ATTRA«rriONS.
ADMISSION 10 rents.
Misrion or San Mateo Car* flirect to the Park.
"family resort-el campo.
OPEN EVERV SUNDAY.
Forty-flve mlnut** 1 ride on the bay In that
large, mnfmltlrml *tearr.er. Ukiah. Dancing,
hfwlinr. ftehlnr. boating, plenty of shade, re-
rre*hrnfnti«.' *to. Good ord»r will be maintained.
\dult?. 25 cm* for th» round trip. Including
iilmiwsion to the jrrminds. Children between
'5 and 12 yeare of age 15 cent*.
l.p»vf» Tiburon feTry. foot of Market street,
ir:#i a. m.. I and 4 p. m. L#ave El Campo
*"'¦*'¦> ¦ "?•• s an< * 6 p. m.
V/eeklyCall,$1.00 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Woman Cured!
; \ ? ySf^UF"/' "£^*" 4t *^ Fcuth Grand avf., T^r AnK»]p«. Cal..
\ \ /§?^' y '•* ELECTROZONE MFG. CO^-CsU'tirn^n: 1
; Vi'«?sr HoT? 1 / '*& hav * reare<1 D*ra]y*ls: I would feel nervous.
¦ \ '.wfi titk'itei dizzy, have headache and a numb feeling all 1
V ', \Jn i iffPl V^ over r "°- an<1 nt t1nws h " completely tirr^trat*.!.
I \\ ySSSe^LsS^ J tr " >fl rTllfd ' olnP "nrt doctors, but foun-i little
ly^flBSgB^g!^2^ r "li"f until I was advised to try EL.ECTRO-
! I i fe^ 2fi£5£S^rv\ ZONE. Before I finished the flrot br.tlle I felt
S \ % BB^iSn-Tii^'wli'ft'l^ f ' a rreat improvement, and cn.itiuufHi, until now
I - vSsi3§»fcS^reS^5H\ T fiT * 1 !n V* rl *'" t health. In all I have ufM thre"
1 1 VjL5kiMP9t& D'9p**fi^T* bottles. I writ* this for the b«>r.fflt of any
¦ K'-T?*22!cS^lr^$»^25S& "oman who suffers with ailments peculiar to
; fipg — —^H^aSBBgJjfiflPa " ur fex - I would not be without this me<Jlrine.
I *=~I ~~^MlK&*Z£&& r.efpeetfully. MRP. AL1DA C. G. ASKAY.
t~^Z^J^\ ffi ELSfccSi^fliiflffiL Subscribed and sworn to before tv.p thi? l«th
\ " J ffift^Mf?*l^^^» Notary Public In and for the County of Los
'
i T f\k UTa flit A Tl ammaivi D ° not be detrrrc< * from seeking proper
I PI UN I IP IIPvTlUir treatmentbecause, after havingbeen treat-
jjUi i\U Ullu JLJUijUQII. ed by many who faiIed to cun? you jou
IT have become dlFcourased. This is the
time to make, one more trial. Many havs tried different physicians and in-
I vested in various kinds of medicines, and, having received no relief, are dis-
heartened. To those we can conscientiously advise ELECTROZONE. AVe
hav* yet to learn of a single case, no matter how long standing, that has not
r been permanently cured by the proper use of EliEC'TROZONE. ELECTRO-
ZONE is a wonderful remedial a«ent for suffering humanity. It cures when
all other remedies fall.
Rheumatism, #*¦¦¦%¦¦#% Ornate Complaint*,
¦ Stomach Troubles, fl [ P Q T Q Nervousness,
All Blood Diseases. Sj L8 II L RJ Dyspepsia,
Kidney and "Bladder Ailments, ****¦•¦¦ v# Catarrh.
At PrusgiPts", Send for ramrhlet to
Jl bottle. ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., Pan Francisco.
X visTt l>ffT. 7ORD AN^sToiieat 1
iKUSEUH OF ANATOMY
A Qfr 10SllttSXXTST.to*..6&ft7tli,S.r.Cil
T Xm The Lftrpeit Anatomical Museum in tbe
A) j^tJLi Wond. Weaknc'ses or Any contracted /
~ AsSSl disene p«r*ltl»oly c«r«x> hy the oldest
I K) ob. jordam-private diseases
B&jfffeH Co:nu!tition fre/j and strictly private \
,1 I 'ffVrjl Tr« itment personally rr b» letter. AM
I I' Ql ftt.ftve tWalu every case undertajcen. T
#M Vim, TVritefor Book. PHILOiOraVafi
¦ I? XARMIMt, MAILED FKSO. J A ¥
I (I ' tl' " * llu * tlle beo!; ' cl mrn > . V
! ' Da JOBDAN A CO., 3(151 Market St., 8. P. ¥
AMUSEMENTS.
AUb imP-fti him-i-R.Family Retail Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy. No. 3 spring Wheat. 60@«3c; No. 2 red,
7<>570He. No. 2 Corn, 39'.4c; No. 2 Yellow, S9Hc
No. 2 Oats. 241?24 1 / 4c; No. 2 White, "26V2<527c; No.
3 White, 23%(526»,ic. No. '2 Rye. 6SHc. Good
feeding Barley. = 36%c; fair to. choice malting.
39H«4»c. No. 1 Flaxseed. *1 SO. Prime Timothy
Seed. $2 40. Mess Pork, per barrel, $11 05(8:12 10.
Lard, per 100 lbs, $6 75«?6 97ft- Short Rib sides,
lojtfse, $.6 C0<g6 90. Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed,
NEW YORK. May 4.— Bradstreet to-morrow
will say: A further subsidence of demand and
leveling of prices Is noted in several lines this
week, this process being no doubt aided by the
unsettling effect of the rather more than
usually disturbed conditions In labor circles
The net result is something approaching dull
ness in many channels of distribution in
creased conservatism In the making of 'ven
tures and a disposition to digest business al
ready arranged for before making new engage
ments. That the basic conditions of general
business, • such as the outlook for the crops
the export demand and the Increased purchasing
power of the people at large, have not been
much reduced, but on the contrary actually im
proved, seems evident from the advices re
ceived this week. Business at wholesale Is rel
atively quieter, which is not ' unusual at this
period, but more than ordinarily marked atten
tion is being concentrated upon the retail de
mand, which is, of course, relied . upon - as a
measure of proof of actual consumption. Touch-
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
jST Stocks • a %Z*
2.200 Atchison j?'
6.110 Atchlson prefd Snu
4.4SS Baltimore & Ohio ~ £,£
2'* Canadian Pacific ""
200 Canada Southern .." gj™
1.C70 Chesapeake & Ohio J914
630 Chlcaro Great Western 13i,i
4.EM Chicago Burlington & Qulncy... I2SU
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville " « ; {7
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd s;
155 Chicago &• Eastern Illinois 10J
200 Chicago &. Northwestern liiu
3.000 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 10i»Vi
if* CCC4W Loul» 6o5
»0 Colorado Southern ..: £tJ
....... Colorado Southern 1st prefd .*41V.
••..... Colorado Southern 2d prefd 16}£
NEW TORK. May 4-The stock market
maintained lu narrow and professional char
acter to-do y. As though to vary the appear
ance of recent monotony the upward movement
was continued to-day Instead of starting in
the opposite direction. But this was hardly
more than a device of the email traders to
rive an appearance of etrength to the market
nn<J their realizing: ealeu before the close
brought prices back to last night's level and
left changes Jnt!gr.iflcant except in a usually
active stock. Sugar retained Its relative prom
inence though oa a decreased volume of deal-
Ings. It was lifted above yesterday's close
once or twice with difficulty and the losses
were- about a point fcr the day. Long Island
ran off 3*,. seemingly on realizing on the sign-
Ing by the Governor of the bill authorlzln™
the construction cf e. bridge at Hell Gate, but
late dealings In the stock secured a rapid re
covery of 44 points. The steel stocks showed
nomc rather languid evidence of positive
rtrength without any particular news to "ac
count for it beyond the published opinion of
the president cf one of the companies argu
ing thai the present low stocks in the vards
and the impossibility of competition from Fu
rop* insures against any considerable reaction
In prices. The »tren*th of the London mark*"
helped the opening advance here, but London
»old moderately on the advance. Sterling ex
change w*« elighUy firmer again to-day in
epite 0* slightly easier money la London. But
the present gold movement Is toward Paris
and aH no Kte*mer tails direct to France un
til nsxt Thursday there were no exchange bills
offered for tale against gold export
The bond market wa* dull, but prices were
well held. Total sales, par value. V 373 oco
United Etatfs :» (coupon) advanced «i • 'a«
'registered) >*. and new and old 4a Vi In" the
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, May 4.— Wheat opened lower on,
weak cables. For a time the trade was dull
and prices firm, receding a bit from first
figures. At the decline the cash demand
showed up in encouraging form; chinch bugs
were reported from Tennessee and Texa« and
consideration was given the liberal side of
clearances, both weekly and for to-day. Under
the Impulse derived from these considerations
the market rallied and the close was firm.
The demand for May placed that option at l',ic
discount under July. July closed ".ic higher at
67%®67%c
Corn was easy to begin with and decidedly
weak during the middle of the session. Cables
were lower and freer country offerings were
reported. Business In the pit was fairly active.
Later In the session the wheat strength had
some effect, and this, combined with buying by
an influential bull, caused a rally, the close
being firm. Reports ' concerning the shipping
demand were conflicting, some claiming that
It was good— others to the contrary. July
closed firm, %c up.
Oats were quiet within narrow limits, af
fected throughout in a modest ¦ way by the
corn fluctuations. July closed a shade down.
Provisions mnlntalned their firmness, but
made no particular gain In prices. Trade was
dull the greater part of the session. July
pork closed 2%c higher and ribs 2Vic down.
EASTERN MARKETS.
It would appear that large interests are firmly
holding railroad securities In large blocks, with
a view to a . further advance in all Income
yielding stocks when the liquidation In Indus
trials has spent its force and the expansion of
the circulation has its due effect on money rates
and the financial situation throughout the coun
try.
A further diminution of activity and falling
off in the public's interest and participation in
speculation were the features of the stock mar
ket thlt. week. The volume of transactions was
small and would have been almost Insignificant
but for the manipulation which has kept up In
American Sugar and the somewhat similar pro
ceedings In Missouri Pacific. Apart from the
above the principal noteworthy circumstance
was the continued heavy tone of the Industrials
and the readiness of the steel stocks In partic
ular to cell off, either on liquidation or bearish
attacks. But for the covering of short con
tracts there would seem to be but little support
in that portion of the market, and the adverse
Influence of the Industrials of course again
aided In creating a weak tone in the j railroad
rhare list, except where manipulative support
was extended. There were no declines of great
consequence, however, and the market was com
paratively Indifferent to the , engagement and
shipment abroad of $2,600,000 gold. Money Is
easy, and the steady Increase in the national
bank circulation under the new financial law
just reached the conclusion that the transfer
of a certain amount of gold to London and
Paris this spring will have no bad effects on
the situation here. The London market. It may
be observed, is In a state of Inaction closely
resembling what prevails here, and the gold
shipments, troubles among Industrials and sag
ging of the railroad stock list have checked the
foreign disposition to buy American stocks.
The European participation in the market here
was accordingly much smaller this week than
for some time back, and represented as much
selling as purchasing, the Influence therefrom
being on the whole adverse to our market.
NEW YORK. May 4.— Bradstreet's review of
the New York stock market to-morrow will say:
Poultry and Gam$.
Eastern stock is rreHy well cleaned up, and
as supplies of local stock are not heavy the
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 35<g73c per box;
Asparagus, . 75c@$l 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 LOifil 75 for No. 1 and $2<?J2 25 for fancy large:
Green- Peas. 75c@$l per sack for common and
$125 for Garden; String Beans. 4«{Gc for Los
Angeles and 4@Sc for Vacavllle; Horse Beans.
40®50c per sack; Cabbage,' 40<550c: .Tomatoes.
$1@1 73; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, lOgl'Uc'
Dried Okra. 32V=c per. lb; Garlic. 8®l0c; Green
Peppers from Los Angele«. Gf^lOc: Dried Peo
pers, »gl0c; Carrots, 25«?33o per sack; Los An
geleB Summer Squash. $1@1GO per box; Cucum
bers, 35c® $r per dozen.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 40®73c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. C0@90c; New Potatoes, $l@l 75
In sacks and $1@1 23 In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 75c®$l 50 per ctl; Aus
tralian $7WS per ctl.
.Receipts were, 670 boxes Asparagus, 364 boxes
Rhubarb, S16 sacks Pens and 525 boxes and J3S
sacks New Potatoes.
Supplies of everything under } this head are
ample for all needs, and prices stand about as
before.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, 4HC4'Uc; Flax, $1 9O'g2 20; Canary,
3Hc Per lb for California and 4c for Eastern:
Alfalfa. 9igl0c: Rape, 2»i®3c; Hemp, 4&4Hc;
Timothy, 4(&4V4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 9032 23; Green. $1 90
@1 25 per ctl. --
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos. $3<@3 23; small White, $3 23®
3 50; large White, $3 20B3 23; Pink. $2 25@2 5o;
Red, $3ff3 50; Blackeye, $4 t0; , Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, $5 25; P*a. $3 40@3 SO^Red Kidneys,
$3 5O#4.
Dealers report a very dull market for Beans
and Seeds at the old quotations.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Wheat. J7©9 for common to good: $9 50
for choice and occasionally (in; Wheat and O»t.
?6 5G<39; Oat, $5@8; Barley. $3®7; Alfalfa, $3®
7 50 ver ton.
STRAW— 25*2330 per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15017 per
ton: Oilcake. Meal at the mill. $26@27; jobbing.
$27 50@28; Cocoanut Cake. ' $20@21 ; Corn Meal.
$:$; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed. $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal. '
MIDDLINGS— $17®20 per ton.
Prices for all descriptions stand the same
and the market shows no new features.
BRAN— $12@13 per ton.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are ' as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, f 2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50: Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina. ?( CO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6(S7 25; In sacks, $5 73<g7; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs. < .•..; .. :
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60(03 73,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40C/3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25€3 per barrel.
The China steamer took out 12,271 barrelB of
Flour. :->.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Mornlnc Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Offerings meet with no attention what
ever. .
White, $118ifil30: Red. $1S1 20; Gray. $1 07%$?
1 15: Black. $1@1 07V.. ¦
CORN— Eastern large yellow, $1 15gl 17U per
ctl; Eastern white, $1©1 10 per ctl.
KYE— 95<59"Hc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 70@72Hc for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades. S0©S3c; Cheva
lier, nominal.
BARLEY-
—Continues dull and featureless,
Second Session — December — 12.0C0 ctls, $1 02%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 31.000
ctls. $1 02^; 2C0O, $1 02%; 2000. $1 02%.
Afternoon session— No sales.
Informal Sessions— 9:13 o'clock— December—
12.000 ctl*, $1 OlTi; 4C00, $1 C2.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Paris continued to shade off. Chi
cago was steady under a good Shipping demand
and an estimated decrease of 2.CCO.O0O bushels
In the American visible supply. Corn was weak.
Later on in the session the market became
firmer and a shade higher, but there was more
disposition to buy, even at the advance. The
cash demand was a bullish feature, the other
markets leading. Corn rallied on liberal buy
ing by Cudahy.
In the local market futures opened lower,
but recovered. Spot values were not disturbed.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 95(896Uc; milling, 97VzO
@$1.
IV heat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 S3'.i
Sterling Exchange, sight — '. 4 8»J4
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — I2^i
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60V4
Mexican Dollars 4SVi 49
NEW YORK, May 4.— There was considerable
irregularity developed in the market for metals
to-day. Tin further declined from yesterday's
close on dlsaopointing London advices and the
large receipts* closing weak at $29 60 bid and
$29 75 asked. Pig 1 iron warrants were weak;
Northern No. i 1 1 foundry, nominally $21®23.
Lead dull, $4 70H@4 72»4. Spelter ruled a shade
flrmei on good' export demand and the absence
of sellers, closing on the basis of $4 60 bid and
$4 63 asltt-d. The brokers' price for lead is
Ji 45 and for copper, $17.
Nezv York Metal Market.
There was a fair export demand noted for
prime evaporated apples at fully sustained
prices. Other grades, however, showed Irregu
larity and weakness. Choice varieties eased
off partially under disappointing country ad
vices. California dried fruits were dull and
nominally unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
<%»Se; prime, 5%<[f6c; choice, 6*i@7c; fancy,
7> / 4<S8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3Vi©7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 13®15c; Moorpark, loirlSc.
PEACHES— Peeled, iS<Q22c; unpeeled, 7H(S9c.
DRIED FRUITS
EGGS— Receipts, 9470 packages; storage West
ern at maik, l"'.ic; regular packing at mark,
12613c ; Southern at mark. ll@12Vic.
COFFEE— Spot rlo, steady; No. 7 Invoice, 7*ic;
mild, quiet; Cordova, 9U®13Vic; futures closed
quiet, with prices net unchanged to 5 points
lower; total sales, 2750 bags. Including July,
$6 70; August, $6 73; September, $6 S3; October,
$6 90; December, $7 15.
SUGAR — Raw. firm; refined, steady, lower.
BUTTER — Receipts. 3411 packages; steady;
Western creamery, 16@20c; factory, 13i@15c.
NEW YORK, May 4.— FLOUR— Receipts. 16,
123; exports, 29,930; market narrow and barely
steady, showing some decline on the lower
grades of winter and spring patents; winter
patents. $3 65@3 S5; winter straits, $3 45S3 50;
Minnesota patents. $3 63@3 90.
WHEAT — Receipts, 251,023; spot strong; No.
2 red, SQVic f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 2 red, 77%c
elevator: N.p. 1 Northern Duluth, 76Vic f. 0. b.
afloat to arrive; No. 2 hard Duluth, TS^c f. o.
b. afloat; options were quiet and rather weak
up to the last hour, when large seaboard clear
ances of flour and chinch bug reports from
Tennessee caused local covering and a rally.
Early depressions were Impelled by weakness
abroad, large Argentine shipments and fairly
good home weather news. Closed firm at a
partial He advance; May, 72 7-16(573c. closed
at 73c; July, 72 11-16073 5-16c. closed at 73Vic;
September, 73%'§74c, closed at 74c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
Continued on Page Eleven.
Business was good on the morning session of
the Bond Exchange. Gas and Electric declined
to $46 62\ 3 and Giant Powder advanced t >
$92 JO.
In the afternoon Giant Powder dropped back
to $91. Paauhau was firmer at S31@31 1'4
Gas and Electric at $47S47 12' a and Hutchinson
at $24.
The Mutual Electric Company has declared
a dividend of 8 cents per share, payable on
the 11th.
The quarterly Interest coupon of Jl 50 on the
bonds of the Edison Light and Power Com
pany is now payable.
Ophlr has levied an assessment of 20 cents.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAT. May 4— J p. m.
Bid. Ask. [ i; ,\ A .. K
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. Z% 3U
4s quar coup.. .114*4114% Mutual K> Co — li
4s do res 114\»114S O G L &H.. 45 47%
4s do co ne w.. 133^ 133 7 ,, p ac Gas rrI j D . s .- *
3s do coup lOSSiics^ipa,. K Co I! £
Miscellaneous— :S F G & E " " 47'i 47^
Cal-st Cab 5s. .W . - | a £ Franc?™! 44 -
£iW l i r F-JE* ~ Stkn C & E Co 10 -
Ed L & P 6s..l2Si a - insurance
£*i- 1 , R &*?" Ui Z;^ Flrem's Fund.227 —
Ft ?-"e q 0 ** ~ Bank Stooka—
n« *« ° H '",«,. ~ Anglo-Cal Ltd. <M>4 -
Do BUM ks... - - | Flrst Natlona i. _ 2*1
Do gntd 5s... 93',10l |vf e ?chants' Ex 15 -
L A & P R 5s.lO2\- — sev Nat Bank — —
V&&L1rv8& ~ Savhfgs^nk^-
Do 1st m vS..lliU — G er c & L 1&90 —
¦ C N ti R i9. — 114 H«m '? A F —
5 5 °J a ! frSf 4115 * 1 Mufsav Bki: 45t4 _
N P of Cal as. 116 — q it c av t- w? _
NPCRK^.l^- Lv i*Z Z-oiV/il Ti
N Cal R R 5s.. 113 - t'nlonTCo - -
Oak G L&H5S.U0 - Stree t Raiiroad»-
Oak Trans 6s. .11j — Cali'ornla. wii _
I.«k AV Co 0=1.. - 105* GeaV2-« £u -
o^c'nv f, 0 " 107 Market-stliy.'. 63 a
n^ry^ioTH-* keVdio* H - u -
P A O R R to.«3 - To'w^er-Stockii
r«°c W ? !: * c R *s - California 160 170
| a F&*JV R 5 ; S n S - ?i!SrU OnC °" 9 & 9 &
0 IT Ot A O3....U*;j — TI O __ a T> r'n 11' 9*L
r\» M'jf<\ muirt Maw I it 3 LO »• 90
go ffi::::.m^ S°"^Sg^^5»
iv> l«t ri 5a — Mutcn, a P Co. 24>^ —
S P Br 6s ..12S<,I - Kllauea S Co. . 20> 4 21H
1 V Water is. .IU% - Makawell S Co «H -
Do 4s . — 103U Oncmea S Co.. 23 —
S V W (3d m).102 - Paauhau S Co. 31 3U;
st-cktn Oas «s 99 — Miscellaneous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Asn.. — MJ
Contra Costa.. 66>i 67% Cal Fruit Asn. — 107
Marin County.. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. - 10o
Spring Valley.. — — Oceanic S Co.. 93 94
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.... J -
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.lsO —
Cent L &. P.... 3% — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
Beard—
15 Contra Costa "35
25 Contra Costa *? l- l a
5 Equitable Gas 3 00
DO Giant Powder Con 92 00
123 Giant Powder Con 91 50 _
10 Giant Powder Con 91 62' 3
20 Giant Powder Con 92 23
15 Giant Powder Con. s W 92 1-4
90 Giant Ponder Con 92 oO
100 Makawelt « 25
50 Paauhau S P Co 30 •?
125 S F Gas & Electric *7 Ort
50 S F Gas & Electric *> 73
IOO S F Gas & Electric, a 90 46 .a
45 H F Gas & Electric, b 90 46 82'i
3 S y Gas &. Electric, cash 46 62S
5 S F Oas & Electric 47 00
r.0 S V Water 95 50
fcO Vlgorit Powder Co 3 50
100 Paauhau S P Co JO 75
S50CO Lo« Angeles Ry 5 per cent bonds.... 104 50
$3000 Park & C H 8 rer cent bonds 104 o*
$50«'.') Nor Ry of Cal 5 per cent bonds 116 23
$1000 N P C R R 5 per cent bonds 107 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
4," Giant Powder Con 92 50
10 Giant Powder Con, s 00 93 25
10 Giant Powder Con 92 23
3C0 Giant Powder Con 92 00
10 Giant Powder Con. s 90 91 S7'i
230 Giant Powder Con 91 '-j
50 Giant Powder Con 91 23
5 Giant Powder Co 91 O^
50 Giant Powder Con 31 37»i
r.rt Hana Plantation Co 8 in
23 Honokaa 32 .'ft
25 Honokaa 32 37^
5 llutchlnsnn S P Co 24 00
15 MckaweU 4S tf
23 Paauhau S P Co 31 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 31 1314
ICO S V Gas fz Electric 47 <vi
CO S F Gas & Electric 47 v>u
5 S V Water 93 511
2d> ViRorit Powdrr Co 3 so
J30C0 Oceanic S S bonds 107 go
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlp; Session.
V*\ Andes OS ICO Gould & Curry. T>
MO Challcnjro 16 in«> Occidental 0*
200 Crown Point... 12 100 Overman 20
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 12 100 Overman T*
E0 Caledonia 13.". 100 Savage . Oil
50 Caledonia 1 .V' lfift Sierra Nevada. 3*
4C0Chcllar 22j rv> sierra Nevada, r.
40rt Chollar r. i 200 Union Con 22
200 Ophlr 53!
Following- were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Eoard yesterday:
ilornlnr Session.
200 Con Cal & Va..l 33 200 Ophlr 52
fM Crown Point... 11 700 Sierra Nevada. 3*
2110 Mexican 2S 30ft Utah W
Afternoon Session.
40O Best & Belcher. 17) Vfi Savage <*
30<> Crown Point... lrt; 20rt Sierra Nevada. 3<5
10C<> Mexican 27'. 20<> Slrrr3 Nevada. K
300 Ovc (dental io| 3150 Silver Hill 17
3COOpte!r S2j :ro Utah «?
-W Overman Cui 4C0 Yellow Jacket.. Jl
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAT. May 4—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 ot Justice 02 OS
NEW YORK. May 4— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ending
May 3. with the percentage of Increase and de
crease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentages.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Uec.
New York $l,15S.77S.O36 .... 19. S
Boston 141.MI0.UO .... 14.0
Chicago 140.36O.3PS .... 2.6
Philadelphia S9.i<64.543 .... 6.4
St. Louis 31.68S.73S .... ' 0.8
Pittsburg 35.053.it57 .... 1.6
Baltimore 16.256.437 27.6
Kan Francisco 21,507,352 10.6 ....
Cincinnati 14,'J31.900 6.1 ....
Kansas City 15.61s.64S 27.7 ....
New Orleans S.415.092 13.4
Minneapolis 14.7OO.S35 3S.9
L>etrolt S.3H0.159 3.1
Cleveland 9.S40.754 14.6
Louisville 8.8S6.03'J 3.0
Providence 7,015,600 9.9
Milwaukee t).H>7.202 13.7 ....
St. Paul 5,104.091 6.3 ....
Buffalo 6.140,735 3.9
Omaha 6.020,463 49.3
Indianapolis 5.5S5.605 14.4
Columbus, Ohio 4.9J9.SC0 5.3
Savannah 4,111.521 M.7
Denver 3.198.0S5 IS. 2
Hartford 2.454.S19 7.4
Richmond 3.147.739
Mtmphls 2,522,352 47.9
Washington 2.4S5.S16 13.6
Peoria 1,251,843 6.2
Rochester 2.311,421 1.1
New Haven 1.373.474 3.9
Worcester 1.406.994 .... 22.7
Atlanta 1.27f.,196 26.8
Salt Lake City 2.404, SOS .... 4.8
Springfield. Mass... 1,415.202 .... 35.9
Fort Worth 2.31J.362 19.1
Portland. Me 1.174,363 .... 2S.C
Portland. Or 1.6S3.33S S.7
St. Joser.h 4,233,112 41.1
Los Angeles 2.104.438 40.9 ....
Norfolk 1.531.C65 33.1
Syracuse 1.287.260 — ....
Des Molnes 1.S77.&7S 26.5 ....
Nashville 1.4S1.70S ....
Wilmington, Del.... 991.492 14.4
Fall River 967.7SH 9.1
Scranton 1.218,541 19.7
Grand Rapids 1,614,703 6.0
Augusta, Ga 833,511 25.9
Lowell 638.601 .... 33.4
Dayton, Ohio 1.205.520 26.0
Seattle 1,702.026 10.6
Tacoma 999,742 35.3
Spokane 959,804 .... 34.4
Sioux City 1,298.509 30.0
New Bedford 433,429 .... 2S.8
KnoxvlUe, Tenn 5<i?,ai7 4.2
Topeka 4S3.546 .... 7.0
Birmingham 7S9.146 18.1 .
Wichita 491.417 7.4
Binghamton 479.900 23.7
Lexington 417.302 5.0 ....
Jacksonville, Fla... 293.071 14.9
Kalamazoo 385.133 18.0
Akron 417,000 .... 9.5
Chattanooga 410,715 3D. 4
Rockford. Ill 310.9SS
Canton. Ohio 251.000
Springfield. Ohio.... 276.S46 .... 6.4
Fargo, N. D 222.496 11.9
Sioux Falls. S. D... 117.378 .... 20.9
Hastings. Nebr 1?9,3I7 5S.8
Fremont, Nebr 115..-.2S — lo.4
Davenport 612,259
Toledo 2.0S7.S22 .... 23.2
Galveston 5.532.000 .... 2.8
Houston 6.O7S.OSO 16.8
Helena 426.M3 .... 34.9
Kvansville S7S.479 32.1
Macon .'32 000 .... 11.1
Little Rock 511,133 37.7
Springfield. Ill 427.615
VoungBtown 305.038 1S.0
Saglnaw " 324,138 .... 8.2
Totals, U. S fl,S43,SS2,647 .... 14.3
Totals outside of
New York 6S7.103.711 3.G
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $12,776,911 .... 30.5
Toronto 9.C34.472 .... 17.8
Winnipeg 2,012,7.7 la.l
Halifax 1.343.229 .... 10.4
Hamilton 864.54S 5.4
St. John. N. B 694.154 66.6 ....
Vancouver 759.066 .... fi.5
Victoria 427,696 42J2
Totals $27,932,856 .... 21.2
The Webfoot lo&fis lumber ar.fl merchandise
for Samoa.
Th« Arnold loads lumber a* Hastings Mills
for Cork.
Cargoes for Honolulu.
Th« Archer cleared yesterday for Honolulu
with a cargo valued at 179.400, consisting of
IS cases cf llQUcrs. 20 crates bicycles, "5 bar
rels and 20 cases whisky, 112 packages ma
chinery. S00 eacks barley, 2^0 eacks corn, 3XI
ca*e« ealmon. 422 sarki rice. 3W>0 cases coal
oil. 2126 quarter eacks flour. 60 barrels asph&I
tum. 1C2 packages beer. Y<< cases and 31 pack
ag-f-s tobacco, 60 cases and 14 crates earthen
ware.
The S. G. Wilder took for Hllo a value cf
J1S.O:9. consisting of 400 quarter sacks fi"ur.
20ST •&<" ks r*l c^. 6f t>&rr^* y c^m^nt, *.' • • bcx^s
r*ste, 4090 sacks barley. 22BS sacks bran, 22i
cases ccal oil. 1414 bales hay.
Cargoes for Apia.
The Eliza Mi'.ler took for Apia a value of
$O7S, consisting of 15C1 pieces redwood lum
ber. £24S p^ces p!r.e. f.33 bundles pickets. 110
cases and 10 half-barrels salmon and ?CG tins
bread.
Rez'aiue Collections.
Internal, revenue collectlor.i In this district
during the first ten months of the fiscal year
Amount to $3. 263, 371. against $3,172,135 for the
same time the previous year, the principal
Items being J920.608 from beer. J727.33S from
pplrlts. J24i«,:.S4 from tobacco and $840,302 from
war stamps.
Government Money Here.
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
Ur.itfd States at Pan Francisco, report" cash
on har.d April 30 as follows:
United States notes $57,392 00
Treasury notes of ISM S3.P71 00
National bank notes 295 00
R^eemed pc.M certificates 3RQ.420 00
Silver certificates 217.23100
Gold coin 14.405.582 S«
Standard silver dollars 31.C3S.D64 00
Subsidiary silver coin 362.435 SO
Minor coin U> I; 8 a -
Coupons «>9 40
Interest checks ....'..¦...:. :."jg| S43 3"!
Total $47,163,342 45
Shipments of «i!ver coin from the same offH-e
for the month cf April were as follows:
Standard silver dollars ...: JSS.500
Subsidiary silver 103,5*5
.
Total $192,025
Weather Report.
<123th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCSO. May 4—6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
dete, es compared with those of the same date
la*t season, and rainfalls in the last 24 hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — hours, season, season.
rureka 0.23 49.M 33. 3!
Red Bluff ©.40 22.17 20.07
Sacramento 0.42 18.56 14.01
Sen Francisco 0.10 1S.20 16.00
Frr^no 0.08 8.42 7.18
Independence 0.10 3.53 1.16
San Luis Oblspo O.08 15.90 18.41
Los Angela* tj.66 6.72 4.97
fcan Diego 0.M 5. IS 4.94
Yuisa 0.00 1.29 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C3 degrees, minimum. 54; mean. 58.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Clou.iy and threatening weather prevails over
the er.tire western portion of the country. Light
rain has fallen over California. Nevada and
northward to the British line. The greatest
amounts are reported from Southern California,
where :t exceeds .75 of an Inch.
Thunderstorms ere reported from Sacramento
an<l Spokane.
The pressure continues to fall slowly in all
districts. a:.d the distribution has changed but
little.
Tl'.f temperature has fallen over the country
between the Rocky Mountains and the coast,
and xifcen to the east o? them.
Conditions are favorable for showery weather
Saturday in all districts.
Forecast *na<3e at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 5:
For Northern California— Showers Saturday
light 6i-)Utli«>riy wind.
For Southern California— Shower* Saturday
light southerly wind.
For Nevada— Showers Saturday; cooler In the
northern portion.
For Utah— Showers Saturdav; cooler.
Fcr Arizona— Showers Saturday; caoler.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Showers Sat
urday; light southwest wind.
G. O. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
Charters.
Ne-w York Money Market.
NEW YORK, May «.— Money on call »tea<Jy
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. May 4.— To-day's treasury
balance In the general fund, exclusive of the
$15O.OOQ.CCO B old reserve In the division of re
demption, Fhows: Available, cash balance
JH5,437.1'J3; gold. S7S.DS3.927.
Delaware & Hudson 114%
Delaware Lockawanr.a & Western. .170
200 Denver & Klo Grande 19
3C0 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 6Sf4
100 Krte 124
665 Krle 1st prefd 3S*»
100 Great Northern prefd 156H
Hocking Coal 17
100 Hocking Valley 3*4
14C Illinois Central H3 s i
> . 100 Iowa Central 1T'~4
Iowa Central prefd 5' 1
Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 17V>
330 Lake Erie & Western 30
Lake Erie & Western prefd t>2
211 Lake Shore 2C6
2.SM Louisville & Nashville SI 5 *
5.3^3 Manhattan Elevated 94
14S Metropolitan Street Railway 1344
100 Mexican Central 13S
430 Minneapolis &- ft LoulF 64
100 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 944
1,S7J Missouri Pacific S&H
Mobile & Ohio 43
Missouri Kansas & Texas ll*i
6C0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 33
1.170 New- Jeifpv Central 120
2,9f>0 New York Centrr.l 134S,
700 Norfolk .t Western Tu\i
210 Norfolk & Western prefd 7i"Vj
1.7(0 Northern Pacific 57%
1.K0 Northern Pacific prefd 73Vc
1 C50 Or.tarin & Western 22
Orecon Railway & Nav 42
Oregcn Railway & Nav prefd 76
U.2S0 Pennsylvania 131
«0 Rf-adlng IS
4.7<w Reading 1st prefd f,S*i
31" Reading 2d prefd 30%i
130 Rio <~Jrunde Western £3
Rio Grande Western prefd fc6V»
ft Louis & ?an Fran 10'^
Pt I>ou!s /t S-an Fran 1st prefd S3
100 St Louis & Pan Fran M prefd 34'^
100 St Louis Southwestern ll^i
J-00 St Lou's Southwestern prefd 2? 1 *
5,200 St Paul H sl »
ISC Pt Paul prefd 1724
St Paul & Omaha 1J%
6,?70 Southern Pacific 3iT*
400 Southern Railway IS
l.CM Southern Railway prefd t.634
6*0 Texas & Pacific 1*^*
9.631 Union Pacific "w**
1?.::<1 Union Pacific prefd >*\
1 SCK) Wabash s^»
1.200 Wabash prefd !2*«
210 Wheeling & I^ake Krte 10
43.% Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23
300 Wisconsin Central 16 li
Express Companies—
\' J 'iin> .122
American 153
l"nit«5 States 4.
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
300 American Cotton Oil 34*;
American Cotton Oil prefd 95
100 American Malting 4
American Malting prefd I!
1,700 American Smelting & Refng Z~,V t
510 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. SS
American Spirits 24
American Spirits prefd 17
American Steel Hoop 2~a
:•"« American Steel Hoop prefd 73'i
575 American Steel & Wire 3ST4
1.SX.5 American Steel & Wire prefd 77
3*0 American Tin Plate 26%
500 American Tin Plate prefd 774
1.S4S American Tobacco 103
American Tobacco prefd 130
91." Anaconda Mining Co 44»i
B.460 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 73'«
L100 Colorado Fuel & Iron 40\
2.*.'0 Continental Tobacco 29T»
251 Continental Tobacco prpfd SI
3.71S Federal Steel 40\
123 Federal Steel prefd 6S^i
General K!"ctrlc 13S
• 300 Glucose Sugar 50>.;
Glucose Sugar prefd 93
700 Interr.ational Paper .". 23Vi
70) International Paper prefd 64ft
Laclede Gas 70
110 National Biscuit 21 1 *
National Bttscult prefd S5
230 National Lead £1\
National Lead prefd 102*i
1.220 National St*el 32
400 National Ste^l prefd SS'i
New York Air Brake 125
North American 14*i
110 Pacific, Coast 49
T'actfic Coast 1st prefd 83
Paoiflc Coast 2d rrefd 60
1.140 Pnciflc Mail 33',i
2.210 Peoples Gas 104
300 Prenped Steel Car 4S
Pressed Pteel Car prefd K0»4
IS? Pullman Palace Car 1S4
270 Standard Rope & Twine 5'i
29.470 Sugar 113%
100 Sugar prefd 112
3.723 Tennessee Coal & Iron SO
1.193 United States Leather 12%
£24 United States Leather prefd 70%
United States Rubber 29»i
400 United Stated Rubber prefd «3
fifc3 Western Union SlVi
7*5 Republic Iron & Steel 16
1,030 Republic Iron *• Steel prefd r>7
P C C & St Louis 52
Third Avenue 1C7
22S.S<X> Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refdg, when IM K & T 2ds 6O',4
issued lCJHl do 4s jijt^
do 2s reg SOU'N Y Cent lsts lioifc
do 3s reg I0»4|N J Cent gen 5s. ..120
do coup l%*i:No Caiolina 6s 127
do new 4s reg- 134 | do 4s 106
<Jo coup 109% 1 No Pac 2s 67<4
do old 4s reg ....115 I do 4s 104
do coup 115 |N Y C & St L 4s. .10CU
do 5s reg 1124jNorf & W con 4s.. 974
do coup 11241 do gen 6s 132
DIs of Col 3.63s. ...1214!Or Nav lsts 10S
Atchison gen 4s 1004 do 4s 103%
do adj 4s 83% Or S Line 6s 128
Can So 2ds 107*i do con 5s lj.4
Ches A Ohio 44s.. »9 Reading gen 4s ... fc*4
do Ss 11$ R O W lsts 991.J
C & N W con 7S..141U St L & I M con 5s. 109ft
do S F deb 5s. ..119 St L & S F gen 6s. 124
Chi Term 4s 964 St Paul cons 1714
D & R G lsts. :....10Hi 1st P C & Tac lsts. 120
do 4* 9?4| do 5s l^i
E T Va & Ga lsts. 102% So Railway 5s 112^
Erie gen 4s 73 {S Rope & T 6s 70V«
Ft W & D C lsts.. 70 ITenn new set 3s... 96
Gen Elec 5s 120 Tex ft Pac lsts....H5V4
G II & S A Cs 1104 do 2d* CO
do 2ds 109 HTnlon Pacific 4s. ..105
H & T Cen 5s 111«4' Wabash lsts ... 113»;
do con 6s 110 I Wabash 2ds 102%
Iowa Cent lsts 114 West Shore 4s ....113%
K C P & G lsts.... 72'i'Wls Cent lsts 90%
La new ccn 4s 1084jVa cent 914
L & Nash unl 4s ..101 1 do deferred 5
Sou Pac 4s 83>i'C & S 4s :.. £34
. MINING STOCKS.
Chollar lSlOntarlo S 25
Crown Point i^Ophlr 60
Con Cal & Va 1 4> ; Plymouth 12
Deacwcod - 55, Quicksilver 1 50
Gould &. Curry 17 Do prefd 7 to
Hale & NorcroFS.. 20, Sierra Nevada 34
Homcstake 50 00 Standard 3 30
Iron Silver 68' Union Con 24
Mexican 27 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific '. £5%
Call loans 3^4 Bonds-
Time loans 34044 Atchlson 4s 100
Stocks— N E Gas & Coke Sa 68
Atch Ton & S F.. 16 Mining Shares-
Do prefd f... 70 Adventure 44
Amer Sugar 1134 Allouez Mng Co.. 14
Bell Tel 314 Amal Copper fg
Boston & Albany. .243 Atlantic 24
Boston L 143 ' Boston & Mont 2 1 J0
Boston &. Maine... 193 IButte & Boston 6S
Chi Bur & Q 125VCalumet & Hecla..705
Dominion Coal 4J4;Centennlal Hjj
Do prefd 117 Franklin 14'
Federal Steel 40%!llumboldt 75
Do prefd 6S*i;Osceola Co
Fltchbunr prefd.. .135 Parrot <2
General Elec 116 Qulncy 136
Do prefd 13? Panta Fe Copper . &%
Ed Elec 111 203 Tamarack ISO
Mexican Central... 13H Utah Mining 28
N E Gas & Coke— 106 IWlnona .'... 84
Old Dominion 17 IWolverlnes 40
Sugar marked up.
Wheat opened lower, but recovered.
Other cereals quiet and unchanged.
Hay, Beans and Fcedstuits as before.
Hides quiet and in good supply. Tallow steady.
Potatoes and Onions quiet.
Butter and Qwese unchanged. Eggs casing off.
Poultry market fairly supplied and steady.
Fruit stands about the same.
Provisions as prez'iously quoted.
Xo change in the Meat market.
Lighter receipts of Coal.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Cherries, continue in light supply and <2?ax
StrawberrieB are slowly cheapening.
Vegetables of all kinds are plentiful.
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ €13 CO Seattle $3 SOffl .
Wellington .. ©10 00. Soupthfleld
New Avelllns- Wellington ift v>
ton @10 00|Coos Bay «; ;«
Dtiiry Produce, etc. —
Butt°r. per sqr. .35«40 i Ranrh Eggs. p*r
Do. ier roll 3o'a— dozen . —nvi
Cheew. Cal W&12.' Honey Comb "pVr
Cheese. Eastern. ..17'ji20. pound ' \""S'\
Cheese. Swiss 20<ft33i Do. extracted."."- ¦${*
Common Eggs..l3@17v a i ¦¦, ¦¦ " .--. s
J Meats, per lb—
i Bacon .: 12 1 ?? 17, Pork «a!» i'vwi-
Ce^. choice K SS<5&S±:Sg
- 0 * 1 "•••••••I'H'l^Round Steak.... IK ¦
Torned Beef — ©lO'Sirloin Steak 1.15$-
l T^V m> E *» t «™--17'.»«f-: Porterhouse do....20«23
lf^ T<i —#15i Smoke.! Beef .. . -thi
J, Iut , ton ; mWPnrk.- Sausages. .12',4'o
Spring Lamb lifn.VVeal 1M15
I Pork, fresh Seal 1 -* 1<>
( Poultry and Game—
S£2* e 2 ch 60«83! Turkeys, per lb.. 15«-0
™,"h * oosters - .. ! Ducksf each «&e£j?
n ?? i £ i>e5?Jl!Geese. each...$l 2i@2 5«
Old Roosters, to... 65<t75 Pigeons, pair 4.^30
vlnu"- each w Fli"! Rabbits! pair 4o|~30
LrolWs. each (OQMlHai* each — <220
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per lb..l5«20! Lemons, dozen.... 10^20
HanL e n."*U" %% %Um ™- D" doien.lO&U
Bananas, dozen... KWl.VRais.lns. per lb.... afilJ
Cherries. E er lb.. 1^(20 'strawberries, per
Gooseberries, lb.. 89124 i drawer ...... .30.™
Orcnges. dozen.... l^aoi Walnuts, per lb...— «13
Vegetables-
Artichokes, doz.... 30^«ft (Onions, per lb . . 8« 3
Asparagus, per lb. 4^10 Okra, dry. per lb.-#;o
£«• d w£?" Yv:- 1 '! 15 ; Pept * r9 - Kreen.lb.ii|."J
Beans, white, lb.. 5#- p.», at oM. «er lb.. 3« 5
Colored, per lb.. *TJ 5 Sweet Potatoes. . $4 t
Lima, per lb....-fi S (Parsnips, per dn Z ll$-l
C . ab J ) , a , Ke - each 5*no , Rhubarb. £er lb.. 4& 4
Cauliflowers, each 5'alO Radishes, ds bchs.lfl<em
Celery, bunch..... 5^-jSage. d* 8 bnchs...rW3.i
Cress, doz bnchs..20(&:; ;Strlng Beans, lb.. Sfll2
Cucumbers, per Summer Squash
dozen ZOCQtl 2S per pound ' «T?M
Eg* Plant, lb. 12^20 j Thyme, per lb x*rf3O
Oreen Peas, lb Sfl o .Turnips, per rtoz J0613
Lentils, per lb 6© S.Tomatoes. D er Ib.ioai2
Lettuce, ser doz..l5@-j
Fish-
Barracuda lot?— IShad 13a»—
f>rp 12tt— (Sea Bass -%Z
Codnsh — «13! Smelts ir«a —
Flounders 12fi— iSoles Yrtr)
Halibut 15ft 3) ! Skates. each....'.'.'l0(S*0
Kingflsh — 'UU'Tomcod l-vS—
Mackerel — <S— Clams, gallon hfytt—
Do. Horse — f«— | Do hardshell. 100. Vvaza
P*rch 12f?15iOabs. each H)4l3
Pompano — «— : Do softshell. dz.tVfl-JV
Rockflsh lo^— Mussels, quart.. .WdX"*
salmon. fre«h ljf?— i Oysters. Cal. 100 WQiii
Do, smoked —-6201 Do Eastern. doz.S-att
Shrimps 8^101
LONDON. May 4— Canadian Pacific. 994:
Union Pacific preferred, 7CH; Northern Pacific
preferred, 77; Atchlson. 26%; Anaconda, 9H.
Bar silver, steady, 27%d per ounce. Money, 3%
Qi per cent.
CLOSING.
Spot silver was firmer on small Eastern de
mand. Forward rates were unchansed. New
York appearing Inclined to sell.
The bank bought £11,000,000 In German coin.
Call money was less wanted and the bank re
ceived back moderate sums due and did' a small
business on discounts. Bills were steady but
idle.
Paris neglected TInios. but Anacondas were
harder In reyponse to New York's price.
NEW YORK. May 4.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: The
markets here opened i weak, the • capture of
Brandfort being disregarded. There was a
heavy break in home rails on the announcement
that coal contracts had been raised 5s per ton.
The close was more cheerful on the better
view of the money situation.
Americans were absolutely stagnant through
out the session and the street was silent.
London Market.
at 1&S21J per cent; last loan, 2V t per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, Z%<3ifa per cent.
Sterling exchange firm, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 SS\i for demand and at
J4 84»ifor sixty days; posted rates. $4 S3@4 83V4
and J4 S9ff4 S9%; commercial- bills, }4 83%.®
* S4H- Silver certificates. 60Vi@60* 4 c. Bar sil
ver, 60Hc. Mexican dollart, 47Hc. Bonds-
Government, strong; State, Inactive; railroad,
firm.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, May 4.— R. G. Dun & Co.'t
weekly review to-morrow will say: Failure
statistics for April are especially valuable be
cause they show that there does not exist in
the most important branches of business the
conditions which threaten disaster.
They call attention to one line In which some
curtailment had seemed from previous returns
to be In progress, which has been hastened by
extensive strikes in the building trades.
The state of business has been represented to
fit and used to : support several hundred theo
ries already. The simple fact is that some
reaction from the abnormal excitement and ex
pansion and rise of prices last year was nec
essary to continued prosperity. Its duration
may. therefore, be expected to depend upon
the promptness with which production and
prices adjust themselves to actual demands.
Much progress In that adjustment has been
made during the past week with increased
activity already resulting. Strikes springing
from disputes about the terms of work and
wages for the coming year have also made
distinct progress toward settlement.
The reduction In prices of Iron and steel and
their products has gone far enough to bring
out much new business. At the end of last
week cut nails were reduced 45c per keg and in
plates and bars somewhat lower prices have
been reported. Prices sheets have not yet been
named, but In pipes and tubes there Is some
yielding with larger business In fence and other
wire since the reduction. Not a sale of Besse
mer pig is reported, that association still ask
ing- $24 SO, while Eastern pig is offered at Pitts
burg below $23, and local forge is lower at $20,
with Eastern at $19 75. Chicago local coke has
declined 50c and Southern also. Eastern mar
kets are Irregular with a growing belief that
an output exceeding consumption will reduce
prices until the demand again expands. There
are large foreign contracts for pig pending,
and important Bales of finished products for ex
port have. been made. It helps toward better
adjustment that coke Is quoted $1 per ton lower
than a month ago and antnraclte coal has aiso
declined.
The close of the wool year has come without
the scarcity which some expected, but with the
average of quotations by Coates Bros, reduced
in April about lc. Sales have been small and
yet much in excess of purchases for consump
tion.
The market for goods, excepting the most fa
vored staples, has been so far unsettled and
Irregular as to give small encouragement for
buying wool at current prices. Interior holders
are still strong, hoping that the end of the
season brings the end of manufacturers' stock.
Cotton goods have also shown similar weakness
in transactions for future delivery, and new
business Is narrow.
April exports of breadstuffs have been large,
both wheat and corn surpassing last year's
record. Atlantic exports of wheat In five weeks,
flour included, have reached 11,080,903 bushels,
against 10.744.798 last year. Pacific exports
3,513,250 bushels, against 2,090,737 last year.
Corn exports 150,573.337 bushels, against 12,090,
747 last year. In 6plte of conflicting stories the
movement of wheat from the farms continues
larger than a year ago. ¦ The price closed as it
opened, while corn declined 2c.
All exports from New York In four weeks
have been 33.4 per cent, over $11,000,000 larger
than last year, and with the gain of $15,000,000
in cotton lrom other ports the month's aggre
gate for merchandise should rise above a hun
dred millions. Imports show a small gain,
but will hardly exceed seventy millions.
Failures for the week have been 209 In the
United States, asalnst 158 last year, and 27 In
Canada, against 23 last year.
Flour shipments this .wt«k are very large.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,537,022 bushels, against 3.S63,
863 bushels last week, 3.8S4.0S1 In the same
week of 1899, 2,923,775 bushels In 1S38, 1,739,322
bushels in 1897 and 1,SS2,718 bushels In 1S96.
For the week failures numbered In the
United States 153, as compared with 1S2 last
week, 164 In this week a year ago, 240 in 1S9S,
22S in 1S97 and 267 In 1S96.
Failures for April in the Dominion of Canada
were fewer than <n April a year ago, but lia
bilities were nearly 15 per cent heuvier.
LONDON, May 4.— Consols, 10O',4. Silver.
27!«d. French Rentes, lOlf 10c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, buyers Indifferent operators, 3d
lower; cargoes No. 1 Standard California, 293
6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 2Ss 9d; English coun
try markets, fjulet.
LIVERPOOL. May 4.— WHEAT— Quiet; No.
1 Standard California. 6s 34d<@6s 4d: wheat In
Paris, quiet; flour in Parir, quiet; French coun
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands a 7-lCd.
Foreign Markets'.
TACOMA. May 4.-WHEAT-Market quiet
and prices unchanged. Blue Stem. 55c; Club,
62c.
WASHINGTON
PORTLAND. May 4.-Quotatlons In the local
wheat market remain the same as yesterday,
and are to a large extent nominal, some of the
exporters declaring themselves out of the mar
ket altogether. Walla Walla, 53c; Valley, 52®
53c; Blue Stem. 56c.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. May 4.— Exchanges, $334,745;
balances, $.65,894.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, May 4.— California fruit sold to
day: Cherries— From Vacavllle, advance, fl C2\i
04 to. average J3 C6; Chapman. $2 70®2 87H.
average $2 79: P. Gulgne. average, $1 62%: Rock
port, average, 87Hc; Black Tartarian, II 75©
4 25; average $3; from Suisun, advance Castle,
Knights early black, average, $1 62Vj.,
California Fruit Sales.
SHEEP — Receipts. S000; sheep, strong; lamb?,
strong to 10c higher; good to choice wethers.
$5 23<Jf5 63; fair to choice to mixed, $4 50f?$5 25;
Wffitern sheep, $5 2oW;"> 65; yearlings, $3 SO®
fi; rative lambs, $5 50®7 10; Western lambs,
$6©7 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 1S.000; to-morrow, 15.000;
left over, 1T00; market active. o'g'lOc higner;
top, $5 47%; mixed and butchers. $5 15^3 40;
good to choice heavy, $5 23W5 47H; rough heavy,
$5 10@5 70; light, $5 O3<05 32^ bulk of sales,
$3 2".«5 35.
. CHICAGO. May 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000;
steers, strong to a shade higher; butchers,
steady, strong and active; natives, good to
prime steers, $4 75fi3 75; poor to medium, $4 10^>
4 63; selected feeders,' choice steady to strong.
J4 25*5?5; mixed stockers. steady to slow. $3 GOtgi
4 10; cows, $3iJT4 £0; heifers, $3 25?£4 95; cows,
$3fT4 50; canners. $2 25(32 SO; bulls, steady.
$2 80tf?4 25; calves, firm. $4 C0S6 50; Texas fed
Fteors, strong 1 to 10c higher, W8Z 25; Texas
bulls, firm. $3 25(R3 75.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening 5 9»J 5 t.%
Closing 5 S 7 '» 5 fc's
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dcc.
Opening 19 55 2143
Closing ' 19 60 .2111
Flour-
Opening 25 70 2S03
Closing 25 70 L'S 00
Chicago Livestock Market.
6H«S6%c. Short Clear sides, boxed, *7 15S7 25.
Whleky. basis of high wines, $1 25tf. Clover,
contract grade, $7. ... * •
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market" was firm; creamery, 14%@19Vic; dairy,
13I&16HC Cheese, dull, 9<311Hc Eggs, steady;
fresh, 10?ic.
FOR FRIDAY, MAY 4.
Flour, qr sks.....' «,74<i Sugar. P ks 2.500
Barley, ctls 9.760'EuKar. bbls 240
Oats, ctls 2M ) Lime, bbls i«
Oats. Or., ctls.... oil Quicksilver, flsks VA
Corn, ctls 3lO;Leathcr. rolls g.)
Butter, ctls 6K'Wln*, gals 33.5V>
Cheeso. ctls 10-"»i Eggs, doz 23 6S0
Tallow, ctls 3.13 Hides No 233
Beans, sks POJWool. hales 171
Potatoes, sks — .• 2,0S!|Hops. bales ss
Onions, Fks l.Ol.S'Straw. tons *»
Bran, sks 9fc)[Hay. tons 167
Middlings, rks 323 (Pelts, bdls no
Receipts of Produce.
BAGS'— San Quentin Bars. S3 65: Calcutta
Grain Bacs. 6«4iQ6>4c; Wool Bags. 2S',4S32V4c;
Fleece Twine, 7Wc.
COAL— Wellington, W Der ton: new Welling
ton. JS; Southtteld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
J6 50; Bryant. J6 50; Coos Bay, $3: Wallsend. *8;
Co-operative Wallsend. $3: Cumberland. {1! in
bulk and {13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egff. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton In bulk and $17 in sacks; Castl« Gate
and Rock Sprincs. tS 43 per 2C00 lbs.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been three arrivals of coal from
Washington, 97fiO tons; two from Oregon. 955
tons: two from British Columbia. 6373 tons; to
tal, 17,:S8 tons. This Is considerably less than
we consumed this week, still there is no ap
parent scarcity, as the generous deliveries for
several weeks past have caused an accumula
tion. No change of values: prices remain sta
tionary, and have not varied for several months
past. The fearful disaster this week at a Utah
colliery, where so many colliers were killed,
will force the Southern Pacific Company to
draw from their reserve of fuel at this end. as
the Pleasant Valley mine was one of their inte
rior supply points. The first American anthra
cite coal ever shipped to Russia Is now being
loaded for Cronstadt. Large quantities of bitu
minous are being contracted for. deliverable In
France and Italy. America now holds the fuel
supremacy of the world, as her output this year
will be greater than that of Great Britain, thus
the sinews of peace as well as war are now
uncftr our control, which will prove a most suc
cessful adjunct in future years. Australian
coal freights show no change; in view of fu
ture grain rntes they should be cecllning some
what, and they certainly would if It were not
for the brisk demand for coal tonnage for Hon
olulu, which does not relax at all, from last re
ports."
RICE— China mixed. $t 05<jj5 15: China No I
$4 25ig-4 70: extra do. $3^5 CO; Hawaiian. $3*35" 25 :
Ja;ian, H 75f!3: Louisiana. $4 5O3J7. "" *
SUGAR— Prices arc higher. The Western
Sugar Refining Company quotes, per lb In 1C0
lb bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed
».C0c; Powdered. 3.G0c; Candy Granulated 5 ->0c :
Dry Granulated. 3.10c: Confectioners' A s'l0c :
Magnolia A, 4.7Cc: Extra C, 4.60c: Golden C*
4.6Pc: barrels, lCc more; half-barrels, 23c more :
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders
taken for less than 73 barrels or its equivalent
Dominces, h.ik-barrc'.s, 3.S3c; boxes. S.ioc. per
pound.
General Merchandise.
supplies being about equal to the demand.
BEEF — mn^c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6\i@'jc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7*£c; ewes. 6*4©7c per
lb.
LAMP— Spring. SS59c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%i36V»c for small and
medium and 5>/i©S*ic for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5K@5»ic: dressed Hogs. 7@3Vic.
There Is nothing new to report in anything,
San Francisco Meat Market.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says:
"Wet salted hides are quiet, with only a mod
erate demand, but prices are steady. Dry
hides and calf skins continue in demand and
sell readily at quotations. Horse hides are de
pressed and must be sold at lower figures. Re
ceipts of deer fkins are increasing from the
north and Mexico, but the demand Is fair and
ekins sell freely. Qoat skins sell readily. Tal
low is steady, with a fair demand. Sheep
skins are clow of sale."
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
lOfilO'jc: medium. 9'g9'ic: light. 9g9Vic; Cow
hides. 9-g9^c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10c: Calf.
10c: Dry Hides, sound, ISc: culls and brands,
15c; Dry Kip end Veal. 15@17c: Dry Calf, 19©
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings. lotiSOc each; short
Wool, 35(!5Wc each: medium, 70<g9Oc; long
wool, IliftloO each: Horse Hides. $2'g2 50 for
large and $1 23© 1 73 for small; Colts, 25<g5Oc.
Deer Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or
medium skins. 35c; winter or thin Fkins, 20c.
Goat Skin* — Prime Angoras, 73c; large and
smooth. 50c: medium, 35c.
TALLOW-.No. 1 rendered. 5<J?5^c per lb: No.
2. 4@4Hc; refined, 6Hc; grease, 2 1 / *@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16@lSc: Northern defective. 130
16c: Middle County, free. i5Q17e; Middle County,
defective, 13@15e; Southern Mountain. 12
months', 12r313c: do. free. 7 months'. 12@14c; do.
defective, 7" months'. lCitfllc: Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20<g23c: Nevada. 16@lSc per lb.
HOPS-6£3c D«r lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Light stocks of cured meats are reported at
Western point?, and the markets are firm in
consequence, though trade Is very dull here.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12c for light. 13c fcr ex
tra light and 14**c for sugar cured. Eastern
bugar-cured Hams. 13H®14c; Mess Beef, III per
bbl: extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prime
Pork. 114 50@15; extra clear. $19; Mess, $15 50;
Smoked Beef, 12U@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 73Sc per lb for
compound and 8*4@9c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 9Uc; 10-ib tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins. lO^jc
COTTOLENE- Tierces. S%@S%c per lb; half
barrels, S&es?»c; 10-lb tins. 9«ic.
Provisions.
and unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 3:«ic for
40-60's, 3%c for JO-GO'S. 3%c for 6O-7O'», 3S3>-ic for
70-SO's. 2%S3c for S0-90's and 2%c for 9O-10O*»:
Apricots. 9@l0c for Royals and lOigllc for
Moorparks; Peaches. 4 I / j i JJ4 : ?ic for Standards, So
for rnoice and 5H@5c for fancy; Peeled Peaches,
10iS?12%c: Evaporated Apples. 3i*©6c; Sun-dried.
3@4c per lb; Pears. 3%@4%c for dark and 7<38c
for bright halves; Black Figs, l^SSc; White
Figs, 2#3c; Bleached Plums, 7^c; unbleached
I'lums, Cc for pitted and lHc for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb. 6c. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb, «>V»c: choice. 7Vjc; standard, 6$ic
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless.
50-lb boxes, 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, a^c;
3-crown. 6Vic; 4-crown. 7c: London layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per bos: 3-crown, II 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. {2 50; Imperial. J3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8@9c for Standards and
5@10c for softshells: Almonds, HHS12c for
paper shell, 9@10o for soft and 4@5c for hard
shell. Peanuts. 5»iS6?ic for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts. TH493C. Filberts. 12©
12Hc. Pecans, 115513c. Cocoanuts. Ji SOgi
HONEY— Comb. ll»i@12e for bright and 1OH0
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
-%c; light amber extracted. 7%07*sc; dark.
u'-iOfic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
The market for all descriptions continues dull
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Currants ha\-e appeared from San Leandro.
selling at $1 50 per crate. Two crates came In.
Receipts of Gooseberries are rapidly Increas
ing, and those of Cherries are also growing
larger, being accompanied by a corresponding
weakening in crlces.
Two cars of Ornngps no!d at auction at $2 41
f?3 05 for fancy WnsihlnKton Navels. J2 5n<??2 63
for fancy Australian Navels. $1 1301 30 for
choice Navels and oScftJl 10 for standard do.
Ornnges rule firm, supplies being moderate.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES — 7i>c'iiJ2 per box. !
STKAAVBERRIES-$4S3 per chest for large
and $5igs for small berries. Receipts were 3S0
Chests. t
CHERRIES— 30«?75c per box for red and white
and 60c® $1 35 for black. Receipts were 8S5
boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranffes, $1 5(Kt3 per
box; Seedling*. Jl^l 75; Lemons, Slt?l 50 for
common and J2t?2 f>0 for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes, $1^1 5C; Bananas, $1 2o!g2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Both store and ranch Eggs are a fraction off
and the market Is easy and quiet, with ample
stocks. Cheese has not changed for some time.
Butter is quiet and easy, though no lower.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy cresrnery, 17',4c; seconds
levteni.
Dairy— Fancy. 16H317C; good to choice. HO
15c: common. 14c.
CHEESE— New. 7H17?c: Young America 8S
&y.c: Eastern. .ifcfHTc: W»*tern. 13tfilfic p fr lb
EGGS- Quoted at 14Vif?13c for store and IS
©17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 13®15iic.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
market is steady at about previous quotations.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 11912c lor Oob
blers and 13@14c for Hens: Geese, per nalr.
(1 50® 1 75; Goslings. $2fc2 SO; Ducks, i\ 5005 50
for old and $6@7 for young: Hens, $» 50£5 50;
Youn< Kooeters, $637; Old Roosters. $4 53«4 50;
Fryers. $5<35 50; Broilers. $«@4 50 for large and
ilitZ for small: Pigeons, Jl TjQ'2 per dozen for
old and 11 75$f2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
iriK tMc rubllc demand. It, may b« stated that
relatively best reports come from the Pacific
Coast and from the Northwest.
Dun's Review of Trade.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^ MAY 5, 1900.
Bank Clearings.
THE STOCK MARKET
LOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
Bradstrcet's Financial Review.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
There is no change in Butter. Cheese and
Eggs.
Meats and Poultry stand about the same as
last week.
Gooseberries are added to the list of fruit*.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
le leading futures
ARTICLES.
range*
I Open. I
High.
Low. Close.
63U 66 '
66% 67H
3SVi 39
39^4 40^4
40H 40H
22H 22%
23'A 23»»
11 95 12 00
12 05 12 12&
.... 6 90 •
6 92« 6 97^,
6 93 6 95
6 67V4 6 70
6 72V* 6 "hi
6 70 6 75
Wheat Xo. 2— ,. ,*
May ......:..... ..:..:.
July
Corn No. 2 —
May
July
September
Oats Xo. 2—
May
July .
Mess Pork. bbl—
May
July ...................
Lard, 100 lbs —
May ...
July; :
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs.
May .........
July
September
66%
39H
39-4
23 £
11 95
12 12V4
66*
C7>4
39V4
40U
22%
23%
12 C5
12 17%
7 00
7 00
¦ I
7*02 V4
7 00
i
8 67H
6 80
C 75 I
6 70
6 80
| 6 75
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shipm'ts.
lour, barrels „ 10,000 17.000
Vheat. bushels 27,000 18.0C0
rorn, bushels 203,000 J16.000
>ats, bushels 211.000 1S1.0CO
Jye, bushels 5,000
tarley, bushels . 24.000 24.OCO
ARTICLES.
le leading futures
ARTICLES.
range*
I Open. I
High.
Low. Close.
63U 66 '
66% 67H
3SVi 39
39^4 40^4
40H 40H
22H 22%
23'A 23»»
11 95 12 00
12 05 12 12&
.... 6 90 •
6 92« 6 97^,
6 93 6 95
6 67V4 6 70
6 72V* 6 "hi
6 70 6 75
Wheat Xo. 2— ,. ,*
May ......:..... ..:..:.
July
Corn No. 2 —
May
July
September
Oats Xo. 2—
May
July .
Mess Pork. bbl—
May
July ...................
Lard, 100 lbs —
May ...
July; :
September
Short Ribs, 100 lbs.
May .........
July
September
66%
39H
39-4
23 £
11 95
12 12V4
66*
C7>4
39V4
40U
22%
23%
12 C5
12 17%
7 00
7 00
¦ I
7*02 V4
7 00
i
8 67H
6 80
C 75 I
6 70
6 80
| 6 75
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shipm'ts.
lour, barrels „ 10,000 17.000
Vheat. bushels 27,000 18.0C0
rorn, bushels 203,000 J16.000
>ats, bushels 211.000 1S1.0CO
Jye, bushels 5,000
tarley, bushels . 24.000 24.OCO
ARTICLES.
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
S» ' AT fe*
SWITZER'S STOCK YARDS, cor. Twelfth and
Harrison sts..
. MONDAY. MAY 7th. at H A. M,.
W> -will sell 2 carloads of horses from the Ore-
gon ranch. These horsen are from 10S0 to 13C0
lbs. and from 4 to 7 years old. all of then
gentle. We are going to sell and must be solj
without any limit or reserve. A rare chance
to get a sound young borne for your pric*
Horses will arrive after Saturday. May itr'
Remember, there is no limit on this stock: the/
must be sold.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. Of«~«
327 Sixth st.Ross Jury Out.
Special DlMiatch to The Call
SAN LUIS OBISPO. May 4.— The argu
ments in the Ross murder case closed at
11:30 this morning. The Judge read the
charge to the .Jury, since which the jury
has. been deliberating with no verdict.
THE explosion of a mud drum at
tached to one of the boilers of the
San Francisco Power Company's
plant cost the life of James Shea,
one of the firemen employed at the plant,
yesterday morning.
The boiler was one of four from which
the company furnishes power to various
factories in the vicinity. The four boilers
are run night and day, and every Sunday,
according to Ira Bishop, manager of the
company, all of them are thoroughly ex
amined and tested. Last Sunday," he says,
they were tested and nothing was found
to be out of order or needing repair. The
steam pressure generally carried by the
boilers is 2<Xt pounds to the square inch,
and the boilers were at that pressure
when the mud drum blew out. The mud
drum is a cylinder twelve inches in diam
eter and perhaps six feet long, that
stretches under the boil«r and catches the
mud and sediment that settles from the
water being boiled. It is attached to the
boiler with eight or ten pipes about four
inches in diameter. It was the connec
tions on these pipes that blew out. The
connections are riveted through 'flanges,
and while Shea was at work yesterday
morning they suddenly tore loose and the
steam escaping from all the openings Jilled
the boiler room In an' Instant.
The supposition is that Shea was firing
when the mud drum exploded. He was
blown backward against the wall of the
fire room, where he was found by another
ttroman as eoon as the steam had cleared
sufficiently to allow any one to enter. . He
was unconscious and it is believed thai
insensibility mercifully followed his im
pact against the wall of the lire room.
The shock and noise of the explosion
brought a number of people to the scene,
first of whom was the chief engineer, who
carried Shea from the fire room where he
had been injured. There are two fire
rooms, and the chief engineer was in the
one adjoining that In which the explosion
occurred. Shea was, sent at once to the
Receiving Hospital, but soon after 8
o'clock, within an hour of the time he
was Injured, he died. His body was taken
to the Morgue. "
Shea was a married man, 3o years of
age. He had two small children. He lived
at USA Clara street. ,
Carpenter Accidentally Killed.
. Philip Mlel, a carpenter, met with a
shocking death yesterday morning by
falling off the, roof of the house at 1700
California street. He was engaged in ad
justing a pilaster on an ornamental rail
ing on the roof when his foot slipped and
he began to slide down the side of the
roof. In attempting to save himself he
seized the pilaster and carried it with
him in his fall of thirty feet to the con
crete walk below.
The luckless carpenter struck on the
back of his head, the force of the blow
smashing the skull. ,
Miel leaves a wife and family. He was
employed by M. E. Stanford, superniten
dent of the Parrott estate. The house
where the accident occurred is owned by
Albert Pissia, architect. The body was
taken to the Morgue and the Coroner will
Investigate the case. •
Mrs Mlel was visiting friends in Oak
land yesterday, and she did not learn of
her husband's death until she returned in
the evening. - ." . -]
Injured by Falling Timbers.
Some workmen were tearing down an
old building at 709 Market street yesterday
¦when a sudden and violent gust of wind
swept down some timbers from the front
of the building, which was a two-story
affair. Only one person was passing at
the time— Frank Batz, an elderly man.
who lives at 33 HinCkley alley. One of
the timbers struck Batz on the back of
his head and threw him into the street.
His head waa somewhat cut. but he was
not rendered unconscious. He was taken
to the City Receiving Hospital, where his
head was sewed up. His injury Is not
considered, serious.
BURSTING MUD DRUM,
CLAIMS A VICTIM
NATIVE SONS HONOR
COSTELLO AT A BANQUET
Pacific Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W.. gave
a banquet on Thursday night at a down
town restaurant In honor of Stephen V.
Costello, who was elected grand -marshal
by the Grand Parlor at Oroville, and to
the returning delegates. Leonard Stone,
Daniel Kyan and T. P. Martin of Pacific
Parlor. John F. Cannon acted as toast
master. ¦ t .
Amonp the Bpeakers were: Hon. James
D. Phelan, T. P. Martin. Stephen V. Cos
tello, John T. Greany, Daniel Ryan, Dis
trict Attorney Lewis F. Byington, Hon.
Charles M. Belshaw of Contra Costa
County, Hon. George H. Cabaniss. Rob
ert Mitchell. James L. Gallagher, William
H. Miller, J. Emmett Hayden, H. McGur
ren and Harry Grad^.
T.HE Market-street Railway Com
pany notified the Board of Public
Works yesterday that all future
work of repair of street ravements
made necessary in consequence of con
struction of cable lines of railroad will
be done in conformity with requirements.
The letter says:
"In some Instances a layer of bitum
inous rock has been laid in the space
where the slot has been removed, but
when It becomes worn the company will
replace It with paving of the same char
acter as on the rest of the street.
"With reRard to the unused tracks upon
certain streets the company has under
consideration a number of plans by which
some of tne tracks may be utilized with
a view of relieving the congestion of traf
fic upon the main lines of its roads. It
will determine which of the unused- tracks
can be • advantageously used, and all
others will be removed and the street put
In good condition."
MARKET-STREET ROAD
PROMISES TO BE GOOD
United States District Judge Charles B.
Bellinger of Portland, . Or., has denied the
Southern Pacific Company a new trial of
the case of Jiro Harada, who recovered
a judgment in the United States Circuit
Court in this city, Judge Bellinger presid
ing, for S5CKX) damages for the loss of a
leg and several fingers by being run over
by a train in Alameda.
The opinion reached this city yesterday.
Judge Bellinger says:
"I am cf the opinion that negligence on
the part of the plaintiff cannot be predi
cated as a conclusion of law upon the
farts in the case. The construction of the
tracks at this point and the running of
trains over them, as the custom turns out
to have been, made the crossing an extra
hazardous one.. The tender of a locomo
tive in passing that point projects to
within one inch of the cdpe of the side
walk, and the plaintiff was struck and in
jured while in the act of stepping upon
this walk. Under thc-se circumstances a
very lar/r^ degree of car** was required of
those operating the train. At f uch a time
and place there is always probability that
foot passengers will be passing along the
nr**ct at th** crossing. It must have been
known to th*> In charpre of the
*»r.pln»» that footmen miRht be struck at
th<» very edge of the cidewalk by a train
which but p. moment before was upon ihe
BOtttb vrack and had all the appearances
cf a purpose of continuing that way.
The case will be taken to the United
fitatr? Circuit Court of Appeals. Bert
Frhleslr.Rfr and Marshall B. Woodworth
appeared for Harada. •
judge Bellinger Denies the
Request of the South
ern Pacific.
RAILROAD MUST
PAY HARADA ON
THE JUDGMENT
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SACRAMENTO, May 4.— About 150 dele
gates are in attendance on the conference
convention of Republican Clubs at the
State Capitol. The meeting was called to
order by M. J. Curtis, chairman of the
executive committee of the Republican
organization in this district, and the
speakers included Superior Judge E. C.
Hart, Governor Gage. General N. P.
Chipman, Judge J. B. Fulweiler of Au
burn, Hon. Frank B. Coombs and Thomas
V. Cator. The addresses all treated of
Republican campaign issues. It is the
purpose to take the addresses and put
them In pamphlet form for circulation by
the State Central Committee as cam
paign literature.
In the course of his address on Oriental
diplomacy, Hon. Frank L. Coombs thus
treated of the United States' recent ac
quisitions:
The Philippines came to us by accident, by
the fortunes of war— events unseen and which
no wisdom could forestall. To have attempted
their suhjugatlon through ambition would have
been wrong and impossible. Not to have In
sisted upon them after the grave events which
tried our strength upon the seas in the face of
the world'g predictions of disaster would have
been weakness, and not to have redeemed them
from anarchy would have been criminal and
stained us with blood. They were retained
through necessity, they must be governed by an
unforeseen wisdom Inspired by the circum
stances which may surround Impending neces
sities. Everybody, believes that the islands
should have the greatest liberty compatible
with order. Xobody believes that they should
be left to anarchy. Any statesman who now
attempts to Impose upon them a policy perma
nent In character would be forestalling dire
events beyond his wisdom to see. People make
their own constitutions, yet national character
has first to assert itself along the lines of or
der and Intelligent action.
General Chipman, treating of "Imperi
alism," said in part:
I believe In the sincerity, the honesty of pur
pose of Pres!<5fnt McKlnley. I believe that he
has tieen and sllll is actuated by noble and pa
triotic Impulse under the guidance of sound
judgment.
I do not for a moment doubt, nor do I be
lieve the people of this country doubt, the
absolute truthfulness of his statement "that
from the first day to the last not one word or
line went from the executive In Washington to
our military and naval commanders at Manila,
or to our Peace Commissioners at Paris, that
did not purport as the sole purpose to be kept
in mind first after the success, of our arms and
the maintenance of our honor at home the
welfare and happiness and the rights of the
inhabitants of the Philippine Islands."
And. .Mr. Chairman, It waB at this period
when, if ever, the Feeds of Imperialism were
being fown; it was then that the whole policy
became involved In the rejection or ratification
of the Paris treaty; It was then. If at all. that
lmt>eriall!>m in this country had its sreneels.
Never since the hour of ratification of that
treaty have the rebel Filipinos ceased to make
war upon us and to defy our authority; and
never since that hour ha* there be*n a time
when the military control of the islands could
be withdrawn and civil government erected In
Its stead.
The meeting will be continued to-mor
row, when several others prominent In
the ranks of the Republican party' In this
State are expected to address the confer
ence.
Campaign Issues Discussed
by Many Prominent
Speakers.
REPUBLICANS
IN CONFERENCE
AT SACRAMENTO
he returned to California and assumed the
management of the Alaska Treadwell
group of mines on Douglas Island. On
February 1. 1892. he left for South Africa,
where he was destined to play so impor
tant a part in the history of that
portion of the continent. He left South
Africa in 1S9G and has since resided
in Oakland, where he had erected one
of the mansions of the Lakeside dis
trict. At the time of his death he was
consulting engineer of the Alaska Tread
weJl Gold Mining Company, the Alaska-
MexLcan Gold Mining Company and the
Alaska I'r.ited Gold Mining Company, all
of Douglas Island. He was president and
consulting engineer of the Alaska-Juneau
Gold Mining Company of Juneau. Alaska;
the Oneida Gold Mining- and Milling Com
pany of Sutter Creek, Cal.; the Steeple
Rock Development Company of New Mex
ico, and the Mariposa Grant of Mariposa
County, California. He was the principal
owner of the Commodore Gold Mining
Company of Siskiyou County, California,
and a director of the Alaska Exploration
Company, which has stations throughout
the Northwest.
Captain Mein was married January 29,
1867, to M:ss Mary Swift in San Francisco.
His wife and two children— William W.
and Robert M. Mein— survive him.
Deceased was a member of Nevada City
Lodge No. 13. F. and A. M.. and Nevada
Commandery No. 6, Knights Templar. He
was also a member of the Pacific Union
Club of San Francisco.
The funeral services will be held at the
family home next Sunday afternoon.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 4.
CAPTAIN THOMAS MEIN. the mil
lionaire mine owner and one of the
principal Jijrurcs in the Jameson raid
5n South Africa, died at 3 o'clock
this afternoon at h'.s home at Lake and
Jackson streets. Death was due to con
gestion of the lungs.
Captain MciK was one of the prime mov
ers ;n the Jameson trouble. He was a
leading member of the reform committee
iTtrar.ized by the "Outlanders" at Johan
nesburg, and his office was the headquar
ters, of the commissary department, the
committee having stored vast quantities
of f'Hid there to Le used in case of a siege.
At one time, in order to protect his iiie,
he ran from the fetation at Pretoria to the
Pretoria Prison, and to his presence of
mind in thf face of a mob he probably
owed his life. \Vith John Hays Ham
mond and Francis Rhodes he was sen
tenced to death; but was pardoned after
a few months by President Kruger. He
v.-.s <>:¦<¦ of ihf "first ten men connected
with the raid who were released.
<"n5't:tin Mfin was a warm personal
frW-n<] >>f Alfred Beit and Cecil Rhodes.
The deceased was born April 1. 1838, in
JeiHiurph. Scotland.
He ram'' to <'alifornia in 1«B>3, engaging
En minine in Nevada County. Later he
went to Venezuela. South America, where
he manacd El Callao mine, then the
larg«-¥t gold producer In the world. In 1SS3
Resolution Concerning the Rule Gov
erning Amusements Referred
to a Committee.
CHICAGO, May 4. — At to-day's session
of the Methodist Conference the houra
were lightened by some vivacious as well
as vigorous debate. Dr. Henry Brown,
Columbia River Conference, brought the
amusement question to the front early in
the day by offering a resolution which In
substance was that the conference by
proper action enow the world that the
church had not changed front on the
amusement question. He asked, to fore
stall action by those In favor of greater
liberality In this matter, that rule 248 of
the Book of Discipline be for the next
quadrennlum left absolutely unchanged.
A sharp debate on parliamentary techni
calities followed, resulting in the resolu
tion being referred to the committee on
the state of the church.
Rev. J. A. Kumler of Illinois stirred up
further debate by calling for a commit
tee of 141, one from each conference dis
trict, to inquire into the matter of the
deaconesses' societies. Rev. G. N. Jack
son of the Rock River Conference secured
the floor and asked that the committee bb
doubled in size by the appointment of one
lay and one clerical delegate from each
conference. After further debate the com
mittee was reduced to fifty, to be com
posed of an equal number of laymen and
preachers.
Dr. William G. Wilson of Iowa intro
duced a resolution which caused the most
active and vigorous debate of the session.
The resolution, after being amended, is as
follows:
Resolved, That no Bishop or general confer
ence officer shall receive anything above actual
expenses for services in the dedication and re
opening of churches, attending commencements
of Methodist educational Institutions or for
any similar services which he might render the
church
The Insinuation in the resolution that
the Bishops had asked for more than ac
tual expenses in instances was received
with indignant looks by the Bishops them
selves. William J. Welch, a layman of
the Wyoming Conference, supported the
resolution as amended and declared that
the standing of the church was impaired
by the practice of the Bishops In demand-
Ing fees for officiating at dedicatory and
kindred exercises.
It was resolved to request all the Protes
tpnt pastors In the United States to read
to their congregations the Bishops' ad
dreps. delivered to the conference yester
day, containing 15.000 words.
Pacific Unitarians Complete
Work of the Annual
Session.
BERKELEY, May 4.— The Pacific Uni
tarian Conference, which has been in ses
sion for the last four days In the Unita
rian church, was brought to a close to
day. At the morning session Mrs. Emily
A. FIfleld of Boston, secretary of the Na
tional Alliance, spoke on "The National
Alliance and Its Work." She said;
"Organized work among women is of re
cent development and now it has come to
be the watchword of the women. Women
through organization have learned of the
people; they have learned of mutual help
fulness and sympathy. The alliance is the
organization in which the women are
brought together to accelerate the growth
and progress of character. It is the work
of the alliance to vitalize the religion of
the churches. It emphasizes the mission
ary spirit, the spreading of the religion,
the giving to others what we regard as
the truth. It has an inspiring work to
do, a work which shows to woman her
value <n and to a community. Its object,
in other words, is to quicken the religious
feeling in the Unitarian church." «
The remainder of the day was devoted
to receiving reports and attending to thb
annual business.
The Women's National Alliance met In
the Town and Gown Hall this morning
and elected the following officers:
President, . Miss Kllzabeth B. Easton of San
, Francisco; first vice president, Mrs. Lloyd
Baldwin of Oakland; second vice president.
Thomas L. Elliot of Portland. Or.; third vice
president. Dr. ilarlette Marsh of Seattle.
Wash. ; recording secretary, Charles Harlowe
of San Francisco; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
I 8. N. Fletcher of Berkeley; treasurer, Mrs.
! William H. Baurhyte of Alameda; directors—
i for California. Mr*. E. A. Klugel of Oakland
and Miss Belle I. Smith of Los Angeles; for
Oregon. Mrs. Rose S. Burrell and Mrs. L. Pit
ton of Portland; for AVaBhlngton. Mrs. Thomas
Blade of New Whatcom and Mrs. Benjamin
Hellbron of Seattle.
The following were the speakers and
their subjects at the afternoon session:
Mrs. B. F. Mills of Oakland. "The Atti
tude of Our Women Toward the Questions
of the Day"; Rev. C. J. K. Jones of Los
Angeles, "Denominationalism": Mrs. A. A.
Stow of Los Angeles, "Our Faith as an
.Inspiration to Right and Happy Living":
Mrs. Elizabeth Kaston, "The New Year
of the Conference."
The following were elected officers of
the conference:
President, ex-Jud«te John D. Works of Los
Angeles; first vice president. John P. Irish of
Oakland; second vice president. Professor Wil
liam Carey Jones of Berkeley; secretary, Rev.
Ueorge R. Dodson of Alameda; treasurer,
Charles A. Murdock. Horace Davis, Charles
A. Murdock and Rev. Bradford Leavitt were
elected directors for the four years' term. Rev.
W. D. Slmonds of Seattle for the three years'
term and Judge Enoch Knight of Los Angeles
for the two years' term.
VIGOROUS DEBATE AT
METHODIST CONFERENCE
ELECTION MARKS
CLOSING DAY OF
THE CONFERENCE
CAPTAIN THOMAS MEIN
CALLED TO HIS REST
EIGHT ARTISTS WHO
WILL BESIEGE MEXICO
that such waa the fact and he said the
suit was the last resort of a liberal
woman to recover that 'which 'was justly
due. ; . , ¦ -i .
Some time ago, when the case was' first
called, counsel for the estate demanded a
bill of particulars. The court made aji or
der that such a bill be filed, and yesterday
It waa taken up for consideration. There
was set out on the bill pages of detailed
charges, each one carrying with it a
story of good times and revelry. The
Judge remarked that there were some
charges that required most delicate
consideration • on the* part of, th«
court, while the absence^of specific date9
on which the revelries that occasioned
the charges occurred led the court to the
conclusion that counsel had not compiled
with the order of the court for a bill of
particulars, and hence plaintiff was' pre
cluded from backing tip her bill with a
host of witnesses.
Although Judge Dalngerfleld's ruling
makes the plaintiff's fight to recover on
her claim practically a hopeless one. her
counsel stated that he would proceed to
the end and the story of the good times
Jesse Sheldon Potter enjoyed but did not
pay for may yet be told In court.
Lavina V. Wettleson, by a ruling made
by Judge Dalngerfield yesterday, will be
precluded from tellin* a detailed story
on the witness stand of all the good times
she alleges Jesse Sheldon Potter once en
joyed at her home, 225 Ellis street. Lavina
Wettleson alleges that the estate of the
late Jesso Sheldon Potter Owes her $1210 In
payment for the good times he enjoyed in
the house on his unlimited credit. C. C
Boynton, attorney for Mrs. Potter, exec
utrix of the estate, said yesterday In court
that the suit was instituted for purposes
of blackmail. Attorney J. H. Long, rep
resenting the plaintiff. Indignantly denied
Lavina V. Wettleson Says
He Enjoyed Life to Her
i Great Loss.
JESSE POTTER'S
FUN WAS OF THE
EXPENSIVE KIND
Judgment by default was rendered
against Miss May Chinn. known to Alca
zar Theater sroers as May Blaney, by
Presiding Justice of the Peace Dunne yes
terday. Miss Blaney was sued for $125
on a promissory note by S. A. Selover. to
whom A. M. Shields had assigned th»
claim. Shields, who la in the insurance
business In this city, loaned Miss Blaney
the money some weeks apo and she has
persistently refused to pay him back.
May Blaney Will Have to Pay Up.
THE SAN ERAKCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1000.
OTIS TRANSFERS HIS
OFFICE TO MACARTHUR
Formally Believed of the Command
of American Forces in the
Philippines.
Special DlBpatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, May 4.— The Sun has this
from Manila, dated May 5: General Otis
and General MacArthur, who will suc
ceed him in command here, are trans
ferring their offices. They will spend the
day at the palace and ayuntamiento.
They have received visits from Generals
Bates, Bell and Funston.
General Otis will leave the palace this
afternoon and will proceed down the
Pasig River to the bay in a steam launch,
then board the transport that will convey
him home. Captain Sladen of the Four
teenth Infantry And Lieutenant Stanley
of the Twenty-second Infantry, his aids,
will accompany him. Major Murray, hia
military secretary," will also return to the
United States on sick leave. Captain
Greene will remain here until June.
The insurgent archives discovered by
General Funston include papers implicat
ing prominent foreign firms at Manila in
unlawful dealings. It is reported that ev
idence has-been obtained that some of
them furnished munitions of war to the
rebels and it is also said that the Ameri
can authorities are In possession. . from
this source, of a detailed plan for attack
ing the "American forces, written by
Agulnaldo In the Tagalojr language. Janu
ary 9, 1899, and translated Into Spanish by
Buencamino. ..
No correspondence from the so-called
anti-Imperialist party of the United States
was found. . '
Prohibits the Importation of Pork
and Otherwise Damages Our
Commerce.
TURKEY RETALIATING
. AGAINST AMERICA
Special ' Dispatch to The Call.
NEW-YORK; 1 May* 4.— The Sun has this
f rom, London: .; A dispatch to the Chron
icle, from Constantinople says that Ad
miral Ahmed Pasha will start this week
for the United States to negotiate with
the Cramps for the building of a cruiser.
Meanwhile the Turks are harassing Amer
icans and thwarting .the development of
thejr commerce. ¦
Successive consignments of flour have
been declared deleterious to health by the
customs anlaysts and strong pressure was
required from the Consulate to obtain
their passage. The authorities at Smyrna
have prohibited the Importation of Amer
ican pork because of. a decree issued'sev
enteen-years ago during the prevalence of
disease 14 the United States.
SALT LAKE, Utah. May 4.— The great
est funeral train in the history of Western
America started on Its sad Journey from
Scofleld to-day. The train had upon It
the remains of sixty-two of the vic
tims of the Winter Quarters disas
ter. Accompanying the bodies were many
relatives, who are bowed down with the
severity of the blow that tHey have so
suddenly sustained.
About 1 o'clock this- afternoon the body
of. young Langstaff was brought out of
No. 1. Tt was found with four others in
a part of the mine known as Pikes Peak.
One of the miners who was in the mine
at the time of the explosion, and who was
one of the first of the rescuers who went
in to recover the bodies, tells an interest
ing story. He was in No. 1. In the first
raise, when the explosion occurred, but so
far away from it that the sound did not
reach him. He noticed a movement in the
air, but thought it was the result of a cave
and worked on a quarter of an hour, when
his miner's instinct told him that some
thing was wrong, and he came on down
to the main entry.
A door had been fitted in here to keep
the current of good air from going above
and to direct it into the main workings,
where It would meet the damp and either
weaken it very much or drive It back.
This door was guarded on the other side. '
Passing on to the mouth of the tunnel,
this miner, with others. Joined Superin
tendent T. J. Parmeley and went to No. 4,
where the greatest danger existed. Out
side of the mine those working had all
been Injured, so the party was small.
The total amount of the relief fund so
far is $36,805. •
Governor Heber M. Wells has issued a
proclamation to the people of the State
of Utah, urging prompt and energetic ac
tion for the relief of the grlef-strlcken
families of the dead miners of Scofleld
and appointing a central subscription
committee.
Bears the Bodies of More
Than Three Score Mine
GREAT FUNERAL
TRAIN DEPARTS
FROM SCOFIELD
Late Thomas Mein.
THE Phaseys, eight English girls, an
nounced to appear at the Columbia
in the "Evil Eye," which opens next
Monday, will enjoy the distinction
of being the introducers of vaudeville into
Mexico.
After the conclusion of their engagement
with the "Evil Eye" company they will
proceed at onrp to the southern republic.
Their repertoire is extensive, being the
best that is found In dancing, singing and
monologue fun. Besides this the Phaseys
are accompanied by a band of their own.
Phasey Sisters of England in a New Field.
9
BAILROAD TRAVEIh
HWtlTllKKM PACIIH' lOHMIIT.
(TACiriC MKTtM.)
Trains l»n»V mm. I »%r«« «ln^ •• nrrlv* »•
MAK Kit .4: M I-*«'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Jlnrket Street)
l.ttTi — Prom Mat 1. 1900. — arritb
•7:OOa Benida. Baton, Elmin. VacaTille,
Runisey »u.l a»cr» menf n *7: 1 3 r
•'.Hit*, ShatU Express-DsTU. Williams (for
Bartlett Strinn). Willows, hed
Bluff. Portland. »7i4»r
•7:3»a Martinrr. S»» Ramon. Vnilejo. Napa,
CaliKtoga and .S»nt» Uatm. *fl>ISp
•8:30* Thn OrerlaiKl Llinited— < »gi!en. Dea-
fer, Omaha. Chicago *D:23r
••¦IOa 8an .!»»*. Llferojnre, Mtocktnn.
lone. Hacratut>ntu, PlaceivUle,
M»ry«tlll<>. Cblco. He<1 lllnlT MtlSp
•nil** •Mllrim. Oakdalr. Chineae (for Yo-
temite), honora. Carton *4 1 1 .1 p
•»iO0* Hay«ar<k Nii-i jikI Way Stations. M I:I3«
•9:00a IUti4, Woodland. Knlghti Landinr.
Maryitllle, «»rotille *7:l5p
•fl:OO* Atlan'tl- K.ipreM— OgJeii and Rait *S):4Sa
*W:RUa Lcs Angeles Eiprcu — Marline*
Tracy, l.atlirop. .Slock tou. Merced
and Frefino # «:43r
•IO:OOa V»li.-j... Martluez ami Wsy Statlom *Oi43p
•II:««a Nile*. LUftrinore. StocktoD. Maera-
mrnto. Mendota. lian'ord. Vlsalla,
Port«r»i!!e M»l5 f
•i»i(iim Haywanls, Nilesand Way Btitlom. *ai4.1r
1 1:00 1- Sacramento Ititer 8teani<-m »3:l>i»i
*'4:«Or llaynards. Nllrs add Way Htatfoos. *0:4llr
*4iOOr MiiiMm-/. Han Ramon. Va'.lejo.
N :*!>». I'JWi,,.. rtanta Ud-» •WllH>
•l.«l»r lleuicia. VocH'ille, Haeranisoto.
Wi..wllin.il, KnUlits Lauding,
Marysfilte, Orntille •lt»:*.'S,
•itattrNllM Man.Ii>«r»ii.l.St<icktoii *7:l3r
•5:«0rTljf Owl Limited -Tracy. Fresno.
lUkerstielil. ttaiigu* for Hauta Itar-
bnra. l^'d Anneleii v *»:-1Ba
•»:0»r Fresxo ra»»eD<er— Martiiu m. Lath-
rop. Mxrcril. Berenda (Raymond
for Yost-mite). !• re-sun *l9:ISp
•.Iiirtp New >rlrinf Express — llakerslieM,
8ant» IUrli4r», I. in Anfrles, Drsn-
liig. El r»»o, New Orleans aud
Kaat *Si4S*
-.¦VtHiir HanU Ki. Itnute— Atlantic Eipres*
for Mnjatn ami V.»*l •flj<5p
•iliimp HajtfanK Niles and 1 Hail Joae *7:4.tA
|ll:3Or V»lle-J.. •l < 4:l.1p
¦i> : ;tiii-oripiitul Mail— Ogilen. Cbryenue.
Uuiaha, Ch<c*gu *V:43a
•0i30r OriBi.lal Mait-Ogden. Denrer,
Omaba. Chicneo. i M:lBr
|7i«Op Valle-jo, Pork Ci.sta and Way ftla-
tlons )»iS5p
•<ti»5p Ori-Kini and California K(|ir<i«a.M«e-
riinii!iit». Mnr>s»ll!e. l(«d>ltn(,
VMitland. I'liKrt M.,.1,,,1 mill i:»nt »»ilSit
COAST IH VISION Ourroif (i ; iii S p).
(Foot (.f M.rket Street. >
1?:43a Santa Crux Kiciiriion for S»nta
Cruz and I'rinciiml Wa7 Stations J»:O»p
•*:ICiA NVnmrk.Ci'iitfrTiiii-.SAii.liixH.Kr-lfnii,
linulder Crrek.Satita Crux aud Way
Hutloim •«:2up
t«tlSp Newark Ceiitervlllr. San .loae. New
Ahu.il.m. Frltou. linuliler 1,'reek.
Santa Cruz aad l'riuclpal Way
Stations )IO:.1O*
••iil.lr Newark, Man .lone. Ln« Gatos »«:S«a
a4:l5r Glenwood. Felton, Santa Cruz e*:S»A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TrtaiStN rSUIClSSO— Ftot »f Kirkil Strett (Sll» 8)—
•7:15, 9:00 11.00*. M. 11:03 *2:03 13:00
?4:03 J3:fl3 •6:33r.M.
.'r«B OtlUHB— Putsr ituiu*].— "8:00 8:00 10 00».M.
113:00 '1:03 tfrOO *3:S3 li:C3 •3:C0r.M.
COAST DIVISION (Itroael (laHge).
(Third and Towiiaenil Sto.) .
t O:IOa Ocean View, South Man FranciRcn.. )(•::((> p
t7:Ol>A Han Jn>e nml Wny Nt»ti..im (New
Alinadrii W«-.liies.lfty< ouly» *l:3a?
}7iSOa Sunday Excursion f r San Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grote and
Principal Way Stations t':33p
Han ,)use, Tres t'iiios. Santa Cms,
Pacllie (Irofe. 1'aso Rohlrs, Han
liiila Ol>im><>, Hnrf, Lompoc aud
I'linciiml W»V sutioun «l:IOp
¦IOiUi. San Jn«e and Way Stations. 'OzSAa
•llt3»A ManJone.LosGatosaudWmySUtlon* *S:3«P
it: 15c San Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. SanU Clara, Sau.lnae,
Tres Pines. Hanta Crnz. Salinas.
Monterey and I'aciHe Grove tltt:**A
tHi:i«pH»n Joieand Way MtiUioua <7:3«p
t4:ISr San Joseand Principal Way Stations *S:-1Sa
tSiOOpSan Jonf, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations f!»:OO,
' *.l:»ftr SauJose ami Principal Way Stations ?«:3.%a
•ntUttr San Jose aud Way Stations t*:AOA
61 1: trip San Jose and Way -Sutluus »7:3o»
A for Morning P for A fternoon.
'Dally. t Sunday exoppted. I buuday only.
b Saturday only.
a Saturday and Sunday, e Sunday and Monday
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry. %
Commencing April 22. 1900.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7;00. *8:30, »:30. 11:00 aw m.:
12:45, *1:45. 3:15, 4:15. "9:15. 6:15. 6:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, I on 'Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
i and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
BUNDAY8— 7:00. •SW. •9:00, »10:00. 11:00. U:J0
a. m.: 12:45. U:30. 2:30. 'J:45. ZM. 6:00. 7:20
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. %
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:35. '^M. 7:50. 4:40, 10:15 a.
m.: 12:S0. 1:15. J:U. »3:3O. 4:30. S:30 p. m.
EXTRA THIPS on Mondays. v/ednesd&ya
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. in.
6UNDAYS-«:15. '»M. 'HSO. 'l^OOa. m.: «1J:O|»
m.; 1:00. 2:15. *3:S0. 4:30. *S:45. 6:43. 7:30. 1O:W ;
! p. m.
! Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCO. !
i WEEK DAYS— 6:53. 8:45, 8:00. «:5i 10:i0 a_
m.: 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. J-^l. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 19:20 p. m.
SUNDATS-6:35. 8:03. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; U.U. ;
li». 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. 6:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIX&
1:00 a. m. week days- <"azaderu and way ita-
! tlons.
[ 8:15 p. tn. Saturdays— Cazadero and way iu>
' tlons.
6:15 p. m. weekdays (Saturday* excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. tn. Sundays— Cazadero and way <t*-
tlons.
1V4* p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
CALIFORNIA N3RTHWESTEEN RY. CO.
LESSE3
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPA.NY.
Tlburon F»rry. F«ot of Market S«.
SaN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAfAKL.
WEEK UAYS— 7;30. J:W. 11:00 a. m.; 1J:J3.
3:30. 5:10, «:J0 p. n. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturda-ys-Kitra trips At l.M
and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— S:00. »:30. UM a, m.; 1:». 3:$*.
6:00. 6:30 D. m. *
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3Ca
WEEK DAYS-«:1<>. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10*. m.; 12:45,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra. trl8» at
1:55 and * 15 d. m. »
BUKDAT3— 8:10. »:«. 11:10 a. m.: 1:*<K 3:40.
$:05. 1:2$ p. m.
Between San Frandaoo and Sctouetien Par*
game schedule as abo-ve. S
Leave I In Effect. I Arrlre
Ban FranclBCo. [Apr. 18. 1300.1 San Franclaco.
Week J Sun- I 1 Sun- 1 Week
Day». 1 daya. | Destination.! day. | Daya.
7:39 am S:00 »m Kovato. 10:40 ami »:40 am
3:30 pm S:3O am Petaluma. #:©« pmjlO:JS am
6:1} pm 5:60 pm Santa Rosa. T:S5 pmi «:» ptn
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10:15 an*
Healdaburr-
Lytton.
GeyserrlHe.
3:30 pm 3:00 am Clovcrdale. 7:35 pm <:20 pm
7-39 am! I Hopland I 110:23 an
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7^5 pml 1:20 pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
S:00 am Ouernerille. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm «:»> pm
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 1:13 am S:40am
and J
1:10 pm S:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm| 8:30 pm
7:30 ami 3:00 ami [10:40 am[10:35 am
3:30 pml 6:00 pm| Sebastcpol. | 7:35 pm| 1:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wdt
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altrnna: at Lytton tor Lytton Springs: at
GeyservMe for Skates Springs: at ClorercJala
for the Geysers: at HoDland for Duncan
Spring. Highland Springs, Kelseyrllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs ; at Ulclah for Vichy Spring*, Sarat"(ci
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. L'pp^r Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lleriey's. Bucknell's.
Eanhedrln Heights, HullTllle. Ott's Hot
Springs. Mendoctno City. Fort Bragr. West-
port. Csal. Wllllts. Laytonvlll*. Cummins.
Bell's Spring*. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices. 850 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
j General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
* NATURAL APERIENT WATER is the best known, the safest, and *
<g the most trustworthy remedy for CONSTIPATION. $
% ' - * j
& It Is invaluable for the relief of DYSPEPSIA. BILIOUSNESS. TORPID LIYEIUnd to
<k ¦ ¦ '¦¦- ¦¦:-¦-;¦•-. ¦ • • 4>
d> HEMORRHOIDS, In which Its efllcacy Is unquestionable. It clears the blood of <ti
<JJ GOUT and RHEUMATISM, and it secures A CIEAR COM PLEXION. ti
T ' - • • ¦ ¦ . . ... - - . . :-. . ¦¦ f
Jg HUNYADI JANO8 ne-rergrlpea, and is never followed by unpleasant after-effects. T
X 3Iay be safely administered to children. ¦' Average do»e i a ¦w-lneglassful before 2J
breakfast, either pure or diluted, with a similar quantity of hot or cold water. j*
I ANDREAS SAXLEHNER, proprietor, ' I
% - \ Budapest, Hungary. $
i ¦ ' ' " : ¦' -¦- ¦ ' i
y'%/%^€€€€€€€€€€€CC€CCCCCC€CCCCC€>e€€€€€€€€€€CC<£€%/%#
POSTUM CEREAL.
A CASE OF "TREMENS"
Can Be Brought on by Coffee.
"It is a well-known fact that one can
bring on delirium tremens just as surely
by the excessive usp of coffee as of
whisky, and the cofTee habit is just -is
much a condition of slavery as the whis-
ky habit. To be sure, if one has consti-
tution enough to stand the effects of
either coffee or whisky and prefers to
continue their use. that might be a'ques-
tion for them to decide." So says Mrs.
Amy K. Glass of Rolfe, la., who contin-
ues: "My mother never drank coffee
until in middle life. It produced an ob-
stinate case of dysentery, which could
not be checked with medicines until she
gave up coffee. She is now sixty-five
years old and welcomes the Postum
Cereal Food Coffee for a warm drink it
breakfast. It has made her well and
ruddy where before she was ill and lack-
ing the appearance of good red blood,
which she now shows.
"I repard Postum as the greatest
blessing to mankind. It is a curious
condition to hear temperance lecturers
talk to people about the liquor habit
when frequently they themselves are
slaves to the coffee habit."
Posturn Cereal Food Coffee, when
thoroughly boiled, yields a perfect
breakfast beverage, beautiful in its rich
golden brown color, with a ripe, crisp,
toothsomfe flavor, while the ingredients
are such that nervous systems are built
up by the action of small molecules of
Phosphate of Potash obtained from
cereals, without which the system can-
not make brain matter and the gray
substance that fills the nerve centers afl
over the body. The discontinuance of
coffee and the change to Postum Food
CofTec therefore works at both ends, for
the good of the user.
A small piece of butter the size of two
peas, placed in the pot, will prevent
Postum from boiling over.-
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
MILL VALLEY AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. ¦ 1900. via Sausatlto Ferry. Week
days — Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m.. 1:43 >.
m. Sundays— Leave Ban Krane-isco. 8 a. m.,
9 a. m., 10 a. m., 11 a m.. 1:30 p. m., 2:30
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the SaU-
sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot.
' foot of Market st., San Francisco. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco, $1 40.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>-«"» KJ;.*H>Y «.T- Establish*!
In IH5 I for the treatment of Private
Dlseuars, Lost .Hanbnod Debility or
disease searing-oil brxlyand mind and
sktn Diseases. The doctorcurpswhen
••triers lalL Try him. Charger iow
4'urr«xtii»rj»»»t»'#. 1. C*llorwrlt»
Dr. J. r.oIBBOS, Bos l'J37.San Fraaciaco
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City aad St Lonis
New York and New England Points.
Finest thiough train service, with polite and
courteous employes. Stop-aft allowed at tha
Falls. ROSS C. CLINE. P. C. P. Agt.
Los Angeles, Cal.
C. S. CRANE. O. P. Aet.. .
St. Louts. Mo.
T£ CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connecting Tkai.v Leaves San Francisco:
£> P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving: in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Vranclsco at 5:31
FYpnpcc p. ra. with Palace ami Tourist
n j, ii v car * ioT Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East. .
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno. Hanford, Visalia, Tulare o« » r»
and Baltersfield. KUAII
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
'FRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
TKIOUU SUUHI 1S3l; Oakland% ni8 Broad.
way; Sacramemo. 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
6*ata Claxa Street. ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS most
bear signature of /^^%gw'
to t*ke as iuffnr.
SEE !f*ABTrtfd r0R HEADACHE - SEE
3EC UAKI tKo FOB D1ZZIMESS. "^T-
iE^ITTli? FOR BILIOUSMESS. nmnrxin
GENUINE f \Jn> for torpid liver. GENUINE
m p| ! LS F0R COMSTIPATIQH.
WPAPPPP 1 JE3 FOR SALLOW SKIM. • WPAPPFB
WBAPPtK tfekaB iroRTHECQMPLExioa "Ar™
OMNUIXM MuSTiuvsayaNA-rvinc
25 (Sffl I Pgrcly ?cgeta>la./6%g>~*g^r»<S
"TPTZXTXirEnD OIT RED FAFER."THE SAN FBANCISGO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1900.
10
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
rtTRCESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Tall, corner cf Market and Third streets, opea
trvil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery etreet. ¦
corner Clay: open until J:C0 p. m.
roo Hayes *treet: open until 9:10 p. m.
CSS McAllister etreet; open until 9:89 p. _.
ca Larkin ftreet; cpen until 3:20 p. m.
:;•<-. >::?»¦ ion etrmt; open until 10 p. m.
3C1 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
ertil f-p. tn.
1C€ Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. tn.
;no Valencia *tre¥t: open until S p. ta.
l^S Polk rtreet: opea until 1p.m.
Nortfcwest corner Twenty-second and _ en-
tuckv ctreets: rpyn until » p. tn.
MEETING NOTICES.
ill PSION Locee No. 1C!», F. ar.d A. M. ft
C&Mtd meeting THIS <SATCRDAY)._i%
iCVENIXG, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- >t3C
cree. C. D. UL'XKER, Sec /^r>
THE Irish Nationalists of San J
Francipcc. under the auspices of **b~i& _
Knlphts of the Red Eranrh. mrtll JL >P^>C
hr.'.d their thirty -lirnt nnrsual pic-
nl« and reunion at Shell Moux.u JtJ^» »y
Park on SUNDAY, May 6.
ANNUAL lifeline— The refTJlsr usual meet-
jr.fr of stockholders cf the Hutchlns-on Sugar
Plartatlcn Ccropsny v.-ill be held at the offlca
ft the company. X17 Market ft-. £an Fran-
cisco. Qpl.. on Tuesday, the Sih day or May.
:9<.'O. at the hour of 11 a. in., fee the purpose
cf electing a board of directors to serve for
the enduing year pnd the transaction of such
other buf:n«~>s of trey come l»ej\jce the meet-
Ing. Transfer bock* will cioee on Friday,
April I9CQ, nt 3 |). ra-
il. W. THOMAS. Act'nr Secretary.
A WEEK'S r.ew* for B cents— Th» Weekly Call, j
16 paires. in wrapper, for rr.alliofr. il p**r year.
AGE NTS tVAVro—.
AGKXTS wanted — Good thing:, ;?T-od sales, ffood j
profits and r,o<*l ciiaace :or r^jht nirn. Ad- 1
dress, with stamp. F. W. I'.LAJvClIAHD. lie- I
Dk-ia. C+l.
A LIMITED number or women capable of inter-
esting capital are requested to call at roo_
32. seventh Coor, Mllla b—Idicc.
ACTIVE, eneriretie men of g-ood address and !
ability to solicit: et'«ady work, pood waem j
and rci.:d advancement. S16 Market, room 41. j
tJOOD thine: Ir.dies cr tenilemen: city or !
country. Crown StJ—Vq, 1140 Market st.
XZXPERIFNCED builfilnp ard -oan agent*. ]
JT"<->Tr-. 14'« <~lsu« Spr^-kM* brCdirc. '
ASTIIOLOGY.
I'liOF. A. UASSBT of 7~gyptT greatesT— stroN I
cc^* arid paJ mif=t In the world; satisfaction J
rvr.Tsntr^-i. ;". P^tvll yt. •
ATTORX— VS AT LAW.
ADVICE fi-ee; divorce law a. gpejiaity; private; i
no fee without f=uc-cesp; collection*. G. W. I
HQWE. atfy at law. >j^ Market. cor.'Stocktn. j
AI-'VICK tree: no chars* unless successful. \V. j
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market st.. opp. Mason, j
L. S. CLAP.K. .'^mTr.a Spreckel? blfir-. ?-7 Mar- ,
k<*t st.: r<.n«=u''atlr n free: no fees in advance, j
PATH CA—PnCT — HOT A lit. VAPOR.
ROBINSON Ji 4-pane! fcldtr.s: door opens ttrm
«nd safe. W. S. BROWN, gen^ngt. 42« Ellit.
DELGLOf HAHE«.
"CALIFORNIA UELGIAN HARE ASSOC1A-
TION" OF ALAMEDA. CAL.,
Hive the largest collection of IMPORTED
¦ad HIGH CLASS Animals in The world. Our
ttud is led by
"WANTAGE FOX" CJcore SC).
fcr whom w.cre money was paid than any
c'her Befsimn Hare on earth.
"CHAMPJUK DIKE OF CHESHIRE."
Knfila nd 's iaietst champion and winner of 11
first prize* rj_ gold medal in I^ngland.
Spi'clal Announcement.
We will, cc January 1st, D0L*par Five Hun- |
<!red Dollars (j:>uC) in Gold Coin for the best
rpf-cimen sired by our "WANTAGE FOX" out j
i.,: ary 4Joe br«d to him after April '4th. IStOu. i
Competitors for prize to select the Judges. i
<£:sr.ed.)
•VAiJFORXIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION." _
We can fill your orders for any kind of an
imported or domestic an;mal of every popular
strain known, ard at EutiKtactory prices.
Call upen or address
"CALIFORNIA UELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION."
Vebster-Bt Station, Narrow-gauge Railroad.
Alameda, Cal. :
GEO. A. YOUNG. Manager. i
THIS is to certify that I have this day sold my 1
Lrutk CHIEF I»ATO. the reddest buck on '
rarth, to li. C. Hackley. —IS Channing way,
lierkeley. CaK MAX STREICHER.
BELLING OUT.
V... ¦ tne an offer on the buckp and all my
bare? or one of tb^m ; I mutst sell ; open Sun-
day. ' MAX FTRE1CHER. 2Ci> Twelfth st,
Oakland.
THE large*: and best -equipped rabbitry north
cf Los Aneriet; imported Belgian hare*;
wholesale and retail; faehionabie strains of !
Imported bucks and doe* always on hand;
r.urse does; a full line of rabbitry supplies. !
GOLDEN GATE 12ELGIAN IIAJIE CO.. j
C09-611 Golden Gate ave.. S. F. ; tel. South
€51. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor. :
THO?.Ol'GHr.nnn neljricn does bred to Royal !
Sovereign. flO to J2(<: to Emperor of Norfolk, j
Fon of British Sov<--r*=!p-n, $20 to f30: to Ajax. I
hlshert fcorir.K buck in America. $30 to JaO;
younp5t»>rs. all Ftrains. Fix weekf. 12 a*; ten,
weeks. 13 50; 3 months. Si and $7 50. Ken- j
wood Rabbitry. 53u Fourteenth St., Oakland, i
RKDFOOT RABBITRY— Choice Sir Styles. Yu-
kon. jJanbury. Klondike Nugget. Red Hover.
Duke of Auckland anu ethers; line does, ready |
to littrr; crack younc bucks. Seventh and i
Clay sts.. OaJcland. j
ATTENTION- TREMOXT BELGIAN HARE I
CO.. 212* Fillmore Ft., San Francisco. Cal.
fiend 6 cent? in Fianip; 1 fcr book on care and
feeding The cheapest and best treatise on
_tne subject
PEDIGREED *t<*;k of ail the popular strains:
lv"RI> FASHolJA CKIEF. Imp. EUREKA
RABCITRY, 1616A Turk St.; visitors welcome.
FOR file — Pedigreed ISelfrian hares; from S3
vj>v«rd. HABKET-ST. RABBITRY. W. C.
13ESTHAM. yroprietor. ISZ1 Market st
TMK Kr.cinal Babbitry; Ha*-lelt & t>w. HT!
Gnuii tt.. Alameda.: correspond, solicited.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
fCH.V'l. . BOOKS bcuctn end i-xchaneM.
H'lr.'N T-.-,nk <•<).; T r l ;.T1 — i>-.n «t ic«r Tnlrd.
BOOT AMI SHOE IIAItGAINS. .
BARGAINS, ladlee' and children"? ehces: druia-
taers' samples mfK. co»t. Kohlb-scher. 14D 4th.
nrsixRss cuAarcjcs.
A— %Zll>: DELICACY and c_idy store; choicest
location on illusion «t: rent i25; living rooms;
daily receipts JiU; i.iace must be sold at once;
owner t-.> Jeave the city. Call R. G. WILKE.
SG6 Market —¦
A— tMO— CHOI'HOrsi: and restaurant: estak-
lixfaed 2» years; rent $25: cpp. R. R. depot;
a fplendid chance and a rood paying busi-
ness. Cal! It. G. WlLKli 506 Market st
A— |sSl>: CORNER Ea'.oon. *1 block from Market
and .-!¦¦• ,.: i; fcltr.; :>»t rent $63; a good-paying
and •-!¦:- v:a!i!!!-:.<-<l hin:i«*. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. *0€ Market et.
A-Jl'JOO; Br>'T located saloon on Market st:
with 7 club and ladles' rooms and fine
p-oundi: rl»ce if known over the U. S. and
Kurope &nd doine a large; profitable business.
Particular* It. O. WILKE. SGC _ arket Bt.
A-tlOOO-PAKTNER wanted in best-located ra-
• lorn en Market tst; place open day and night;
doiue a flrrt-cltrs. paying business; owner
v.'.i •::'? a sood, honest mitn for assistance. Par-
ticulars B. C. WILKE. S06 Market St.
A^isOC— HAZAAR pnfl noticn etore. with 3 fine
living: rooms; rent* J— M; a sood paying busi-
ness; rtock values the price; best location on
principal street. R. G. WILKE. i»06 Market.
A— I1S0O— BAKERY cr leading business street;
Wf-rtern Addition: rent ¥6^; 2 horses, wagon;
2 r.e-.v ovcr.t; Laking 3».» barrels per day: sick-
. ikss cause ot Bale, bee R. G. WILKE, 'jQi
Market st
A- J:000- -CORNER Frocery find bar. with four
living rooms: rent $TX; > years' lease; the bent
. corne' on Mission ft. ; place dolnr a good
. living cash business; full value In sj^ht.
..•ull K. G. WILKE. 9UC Market et.
JIC'JO— NEvVSPAI'ilK route: leading morning
paper will paj- about $75 per month. For
i-nrticulars ttr M C—A.UGHL1N & CO 777Vi
Uail.fl ct.
tKtO— 8AKBKH chop: 4 chairs; well established:
h&rp-n'.n. McLAUGHLIN ft CO.. 777^ Market!
IF vou wish to buy irnnd and cheap SALOON3
In cood location *ee B.VSILE. 3 Eddy et.
A— $350— PARTNER war.trd: must be et^ady.
reliable man. satisfied 'with $18 ta CO a week-
no nlsht or Sunday work; ..trial given before
buying. *rpiy =t 3 <>e— y st., room 2.
A— 13'jOC; CAFE and reR—urar.t on Market 5t.
doir.jr a lirse and profitable business; r.o bVt-
fr location: only flrst -claes trade; 5 years'
lease: a rare chance. Address box «£«. Call.
WASTED — Lsdy or gentleman to take a third
Interest in two rich gravel mines In Oregon;
d««!ed land; Investigation invited. Particu-
lars adarees bcx 4CS, Call.
FRUIT and oyster stand: is established and
r>aj-F well: owner has other business which de-
ini_dft hl« attention. Inquire 1S76 Market
.rt., near L_ 'kin.
CIGAR etar.d fcr sale {with club rooms back);
cheap if eold at oaoe; poor health cause of
rale. _0 filxta st.
ETAT1ONHRT etore: rood location; dean, new
stock. Box 1S20. Call offlce.
COOD rente ca this paper la Western Addition.
AH>ly &t this office.
MISCELLAXEOIS — FOR SAL— .
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $3 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. 13th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
NEW and Beoond-hand slot machines bought
and told.. W. C. BENTHAM. 1832 Market st
A 10-TOX Fairbanks scale and, flre and burg-
lar proof safe. 21fi California st. *
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San FTan.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air comoressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WA.NTS.
WANTED— Second-hand foot-power serew-cut-
tlng lathe: must be. in good condition and .
cheap. Address" "Lathe." 313 Turk st.
BIG Drtces paid for full-dress suits. PORT-
LAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; will call.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1719 Market st.
3IOXEY TO . LOAX.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G.'E.
_OLSEN, room 16. first floor. Chronicle bltlg.
ANY amount at 8 per cent; 1st. 2(1 and Sd mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgage!! and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business efse-
where. R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advarces on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st. ¦
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential,
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture cr planes: no removal: any amount;
lowe-t rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st, room 9. respectable piivat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 935.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
service; money direct; lowest interest. Rooms
63 und S3. DopQhoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at 14 per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHI1AKGEK.
322 Ellis St.. room 34.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchnge, 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security; all busi-
nesa confidential. Toustey Co.. 321 Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, on furniture anrl pianos: 3T.:
no removal; no commission. 6 Eddy st.. r. 81.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$C0 TO $50,000: lowest rates: 1st and 24 mortis.. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture-, pianos, without removal; ni>
commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you neetl
more money see H. ML'RPHT, 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
X'choice~lTst ~of¥naps? "
Small upright; rosewood $05
Arion: rosewood ioo
W r eber: rosewood 150
Klngsbury: mahogany ISO
Sterling; ebonized 20O
Sterling; walnut 223
Sterling; large cak 245
Vose; walnut 250
: Finest condition; warranted: very easy pay-
ments; pianos rented $3 up; tuning and cart-
age reasonable. BENJ. CURTAX & SON.
16-18-20 O'Farrell St.. Curtaz building. Chick-
ering Agency.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grade, from Steinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos. $8 cash. $3 per
month: other pianos $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY Sl CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
IF you really wa,nt a real bargain, you can rely
on getting a reliable article from us at a low
price; call and see for yourself. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.
OUR reputation for bargains Is well estab-
lished, because w» always give the most that
can be had for the money; try us. MAUVAl.-t
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Bt.
DECKER St SON and PACKARD pianos hav-s
been so well known for many years that w«
need only say we are the agents and carry a,
full line. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ke tat
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous«
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE- 3.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; planes, organs and
¦11 other musical Instruments of all grades
•nd prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer.
GOOD piano from $00 to $153: euaranteed: in-
stallment* $3, $3. $7. $10; rents $3 up.
HEINE'S. 138 Ellis st.
': WILL sell for storage, upright. $50; Thos. Ball
piano. $20; A. B. Chase, Steinway and
others. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
MAGNIFICENT upright piano; must be soli
immediately on account of departure of owner
frcm the city; $123. Apply rm. 21. Flood bldg.
SOIIMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy planes. 3CS to
312 Post st.
A FEW days only— New pianos. $2 SO per mo.
ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain. SCHMITZ*. IS
McAllister st. next Hibernla Bank.
FINE Fischer and Steinway upright: sacriflcM.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Nesa ave.. nr. Oeary it.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett * Davis pnnos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, eld and new. H.
MULLF.R. maker, repairer. ' 2 Latham plac«.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 pe- year.
' OFFICES AXD STORES — TO LET.
LARGE store, corner Seventh and ' Natoma:
ut.ed 30 yrs. as grocery and saloon: reasonable.
VALENCIA. M3. near Twenty-first— Large ele-
gant store: rear rooms: larsre basement
PALMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 618 Geary, nr. Jones.
PE RSOXALS.
TO whom It may concern — Th« partnership
heretofore existing between FRANK BILL
and S. N. SUTTON has this day. May 1. 1300.
been dissolved. FRANK BILL.
S. N. SUTTON.
DR. E. J WILLIAMS— Removed to 9S3 Howard
St.. corner Sixth. Orlando House.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curling Fluid: 25c bottle; druggists.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: ten
years; experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
LEDERER'S Quintonica. keeps hair fresh and
fine; 35c box: Lederer's Foamo Shampoo keeps
the scalp clean; 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
DETECTIVE— Honorable: confidential: secrets
inviolate. Address box 490. Call office.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
vice. SM Market st., second floor, room 37.
LEDERER is the hairdresser who does It right,
price 25c; makes a specialty of sending artists
to do brides' hair: this week 22-lnch switches
$3 CO. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms-
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $S per week*'
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
told. Sllverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
$5 PHOTOS for $2 per dozen at FO\V_ER'9
114S Market it., near Taylor.
AN elegant snlt for $10 73 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market st
between Seventh and Eighth.
CAST-OFF clothinr. old gol.i ami silver bought;
¦end postal. COLta IAN" 3. 5C6 Kearny st.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet J WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. Bis Linden st. Oakland.
IF yon wish full value for your cast-oft cloth-
Ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tefTBlack 4123.
ALASKA fur rnrments. hoods, mitts, leather
coats. H.-M. HEINEMAN. 103 San«->me st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 eent»-The Weekly Call.
18 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
•?-..•'. p " OTOCK^Pnic siTrLiES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies; Baekua
studio 11 Geary st.. ground floor.
physicians atp.suugkoxs' '
D^iS-^-J9 DOJ;N F LI — Offl * s «nd restdencX
1021H Market st.. bet Sixth and Seventh.
ER.STTAN'S Rheumatism Cure «• frt« _
pcor every YTedz-esday. :s Geary's*."
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In. difficult
matters. 19 Fulton st.. near Larkln.
.MISS MELVILLE.* great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921H Mlsslon,op. Mint.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c; no sign.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant. \ card reader;
sittings dally. 212H Elxth st. ¦
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. t Fourth st
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave: • future hus-
bfimVp picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
COLLECTIOX OPrfCES. ,
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market St.
___________
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 917
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings 'from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
rrownod without pain; plates that tit from
$4 CO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $6; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. E0c; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
¦without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 &0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 CO up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. in.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
! DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st, ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
»rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
¦prizta; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $3; gold crowns. $S: new
¦ methods In bridge — ork; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. EOc; painless extraction. Me; gas glvaa.
New York Dental Parlors. PC9 Mission, cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. llth-No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 6 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. S3: fillings. 25c.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzf 6 Turk; painless
, ' «xt., crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evpntngs and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELET'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate ave.^ a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 2S7.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 73c: city visits $1 50: all
animals treated: dogs hoarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'S is the place to learn practical
dressmaking: late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. pressmaklng, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary st: dresses
made, $5 up; dreseAs made over; perfect rit.
ACCORDION pleatinjlfactory. All kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
E DUCATIOXAL.
A— GALLAGHEiTtarr United Schools, Par-
; rctt building; Gallagher, IS years official re-
i porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
1 accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, * English
branches, rivll. electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO- page catalogue free.
AYRES', the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand. typing; Ufa
scholarship, $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac- I
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher, j
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 802 Montgmy. !
i VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI, j
1008 Mission; annual concert May 16, 421 Post
ADULTS ami children taught English branches;
individual Instruction ; day and eve. 334 Hyde.
liOOKKEEPINQ practically; no-theory; rapid -
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct.. Flood bldg. I
ESP1NA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.-; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4*54.
A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment offlce: established over five years.
421 Post st. : telephone Hush 133.
! ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
. best help furn.; tel. John 2121. 806»4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
BeFt help. 417 Powell st.. telephone Clay 86.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG lady wishes position as i governess,
either visiting or resident; all English
branches, music and drawing. Address box
27C6. Call offlce. Oakland.
PROTESTA NT woman; first-class American
cook; good housekeeper; clean and careful;
wages nominal. 770 Harrison st. ;-:.. .-
WELL educated, middle-aged German woman
desires to assist with housework In small,
honest family. Address box 1SS5. Call office.
WOMAN wishes plain sewing to do at home.
821 Mission st.
WANTED— Washing, Ironing; steady engage-
ment; $1 50 per day. Box 18S8. Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day or nursing.
036 H Minna st.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by : competent woman;
stenographer, typewriter and bookkeeper. Ad-
dress box 488. Call offlce. ,
TRUSTWORTHY woman wants position as
housekeeper * for family of adults: desires a
good home; small wages. MRS. ANNA
MERRYWEATHER, Station K, city.
DRESSMAKER from the East first-class,
wishes to no out by the day; suits made in
one day. 1632 Polk st. . .
WANTED — Work by the day, week or month
In private family; first-class laundress; best
c.Ujf references. 562 'Natoma st . '
YOUNG woman of learning and musical ability
wishes to obtain position as visiting gover-
'¦ ness in city or Oakland. Box 459. Call office.
ANY one looking for a good girl to take to Cape
Nome to do cooking or hotel work call or
write 691 Geary st
LADY Irishes sewing and mending to do at
home." Call 1J6 Sixth st.. room t. ,
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper; good reference. EOS Franklin st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 tO night; $1 60 to $5
week, convenient and respectable ; frea :' bus
and baggage to and from ferry. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received ot Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
RUbscripticns has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia *«t '.
EMPLOYMENT . WANTED— MALE.'
CAPABLE, experienced accountant desires po-
sition as accountant secretary, cashier, '¦ book-
keeper or other offlce work, in San Francisco
or Oakland ; good penman ; best city refer-
ences. L. L., box 407, Call. ¦ : ¦.'¦¦'.
OLD centleman and wife want to go Into , tha
country to take care of small place: wife good
rook; man understands taking care of' stock.
Call £435 Folsom st •' .--• , . ,
GARDENER, professional, German, wishes sit-
uation private place; can- milk, care horse.'
Address R.. box 1891. Call offlce.
COLORED man and wife would ¦ like : position
as flrst or second cook with , parties • going
to Nome. Box 1830, = Call offlce. .
NURSE and masseur, German, experienced In
in traveling with Invalids, wishes position;
best references. Box 1886, Call of flee. -¦ - -.
BUTCHER— Al sober young man, with 18 years'
experience, would like position: city or coun-
try. Box 4588. CalL
HELP • WASTED- M ALB.
A— MINERS. . . .. .-."mUCKEKs" '."!:'/. : 'FIRE—EN
.: .....«For Gold, Sliver and Other Mines
40 single hand and machine miners, $75 and $90
Fireman, $52 50 — Furnace man, married, $65,
house, wood, water free..;..........:.........:.
82 laborers, no experience required.. $60 and fd
30 muckers for the mines ......$60 and $73
15 laborers, fare $2 50 $34 and found
- .,- MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
a........;.; :.... special
All-around butcher, country shop... $30 and fd
Catholic choreman. Institution.. $30 and found
Choreman and wife. Sonoma Co.. ..$48 and fd
Gardener and choreman. Alameda Co..$_ & fd
-••••••• MECHANICAL HELP
2d house carpenters, city. work. .$3 and $4 day
Wheelwrights and woodworkers, $2 50 day
and $45 and found; blacksmiths, also helpers,
$30 to $50 and found; 5 drillers and hammers-
men. $2 day....
Machine blacksmith. $3 60 day; carriage trim-
mer; 3 beys to work In machine shop, $1 day:
3o0 teamsters and laborers for all parts of
California as w*tl- as city. $2 and 1175 day;
10 two and' four horse teamsters, free fare.
see boss her*...,
;EASY JOBS FOR MEN OR STRONG BOYS.
Z3 men or boys to pick peas, hoe between
trees, vines, pull rhubarb and make your-
selves useful, etc., $17 50 per month and
found, fare 30c. call early...
-FARMS, DAIRIES. STABLES. ' HAYING..
Buggy washer. $35: 27 haymakers for all parts'.
.$1 2o day and found; 184 farm, orchard and
vineyard hands, for all parts of California.
$35, $30, $26 and $20,end found, come see; 47
milkers and butter-makers, $35, $30, $25 and
found: 9 stablemen, city and country, $50, $40,
$30, $25 and found; 27 choremen and boys
••'• ....$26, $25. $20. $13, $10 and found
t- 6 sheepherders. >}25 and found
27 two and four horse scraper teamsters
$30 and found
• 1G ranch teamsters, also some teamsters for
road work: help for hopyards, $30, $35 and fd:
we pay fare for 25 laborers, no experience re-
quired, for sawmills and woods, $26 and $30
and found; lumber pliers, bark peelers. $40
and found; crosscut sawyers. Jack screwers.
band sawyers, screw turners, gang edger men.
In fact we want help of every description for
sawmills, woods, etc., $80. $75. $90. $120. $60,
$50. $40, $30 and found; 5S4 woodchoppers, tle-
rnakers. tools and food found; some at mines.
$3, ?2 50, $2. $1 60. $1 and 73c cord. For the
other positions come down" and read bill
boards ¦
Phone Main MURRAY & READY.
5848 ¦ 634-63S Clay St.
A— HOTEL HELP..BARTENDERS.. BAKERS
Bartender, country hotel, $30 and found, see
boss here; 2 young men, drive bakery wagons,
$20 and found; 3 waiters for the mines, $20
and found: roustabout, $25;- 18 cooks, city and
country. $25 to $50 and found; second, third
and fourth bakers, . $25 to $40; also helpers;
young man for butcher shop, $23 and found;
porters, $25; 10 waiters, $25 and $30; dishwash-
ers, etc.; 6 ironers, $25 to $35 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— GROCERY clerk, country store. $40, see
boss here, single young man. California refer-
ences; upholsterer and - salesman, country
store. $15 week.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 GEARY ST.
Wanted— 600 men for railroad construction
work on the Coast R. R. tn Santa Barbara
County f rfe fare
masons' helpers $2 50 a day
concrete mixers $2 50 a day
rockmen $2 a day
teamsters '. $2 a day
laborers .' $2 a day
hor^e shoer A $3 a day
..' FREE FARE FREE FARE
50 teamsters, laborers for railroad work In
Santa Barbara. $2 a day, free fare, see boss
here
20 railroad laborers for company work, $2 a
day, board J4 E0 a week, free fare
4 carpenters for R. R. Company work, $3 a
day, free fare
20 muckers for mine, $2 50 a day; 10 muckers,
country, $2 a day, fare advanced; 20 laborers,
city and vicinity, $1 and $125 a day and
board; 50 woodsmen and laborers, $26 to $35
and boRrd; 10 quarry laborers, $175 a day. 5
hammermen, S2 a day; blacksmith, country,
$60 and board; wheelwright, $35 and board; 30
I farmers, different ranches. $23, $25, $26 _ and
$30 and board ; 2 stablemen, country. $30 and
board; farmer and wife, $40: butcher, country
shop. $40; choremen, milkers and others. C.
i R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
A— BAKER 'and pastry cook, $C0'; cook, private
family. $50; vegetable cook, country hotel. $40;
cook $10, " dishwasher $15, country hotel: 6
cooks, city, $10 and $12 a week; lunchman,
city, $35; vegetable man, country hotel, $25;
10 dishwashers, potwashers ¦ and kitchen
hands, $20, $25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
lt'4 Geary st. ¦ ¦
A VALET for a gentleman. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO gardeners, $25 and $35 and found; slop
brick molder. $3 day and board; machine
blacksmith. ?4 day; machinist, $3 25 day; en-
gineer. $2 25 day; blacksmith. $60 and found;
slaughterhouse butcher. $30 and found; stable-
man for country. ?30 and found; laborers for
mills, woods and brickyards, $30 and found,
faro raid; JacKscrewers, crosscut sawyers,
barkers and ether "woodsmen, $30, $35 and $40;
10 bark peelers, and many others. J. F.
CROSETT AGENCY, C2S Sacramento St.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 623 Sacramento st.
Wanted— 9 cooks, city and country, good
wages; hotel broiler, waiters and porter: 3
oystermrn, $40 month; bellboy and elevator boy
for hotel; dishwashers, silver men. kitchen
man and potwosher: other positions open;
call early. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY.
WANTED ./
Stableman on ranch. $25*per month and found:
driver for milk route. In city, $20 per month
and found to start
choreman about private place. In country, $25
and found; 5 farmhands for first-class vine-
yard company, $1 15 per day and board, office
fee reduced to $1: 10 laborers for large saw-
mill company. $26 to $40 per month and board
and fare paid
waiter for city hotel $25
haying- hands, near city, $1, $1 15 and $1 25
and board, and others
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay St.
A— GARDENER: single; $30 and found.
BOY; 16 to 18; bright ; $7 per week.
BOY: 14 or 15: strong; $4 per week..
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED — Boy. for offlce, about 15 years old:
chance advance. Apply room 301, Parrott
bldg., to-day. ¦
TO tailors— Reliable lessons given by experi-
enced cutter; satisfactory references given;
terms reasonable. Box 4589. Call.
WANTED — A good all-round tailor on piece
work; steady Job. SWORDS & ROBINSON.
Sebastopol, Cal. . -v-r
COLLECTOR wanted. Call Saturday and Mon-
day between 9 and 10 a. m., rooms 17 and 13,
Donohoe building. .
"WANTED— Good barber for Saturday. 1008 Mis-
sion: st . above Sixth. ¦ . .
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
1333 Market st. . " ¦
BARBER for Saturday and. Sunday; wages.
105 Fourth st. . - • ¦
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 108
Fourth st. •
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
- 1648 Mission »t. ;' -
BARBER, first-class workman, wants position
In country or Oakland. Box 4579, Call office.
BARBER shop for sale cheap; owner leavtng
city. 44 O'Farrell st.
BARBER shop in Frultvale for sale cheap. Ad-
dress O. L., Dlmond Postoffice.
BARBERS'— Byrns Hotel barber shop, with
baths, for sale. Woodland.
A SOBER man for kitchen; $20 a month and
found. 195 Tenth st
WANTED— A cook In small restaurant. 34SH
Third st .
SHOEMAKER wanted; call early. 618 Shra-
der st. -"
WANTED— Baker for home bakery: references.
Apply 1217 Valencia st. _^
WANTED— Errand boy at 641H Stevenson st.
DISHWASHER wanted at BCO Howard St.. Ger-
man hotel.-
COOK wanted at 207 Thtrd st. ,'
AN experienced milk driver wanted at 140SH
Davis st. " ,,
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon: one route:
$10 and found. Call 8 to 10, 1918 Hyde st. - •
WANTED— 2 bushelmen at 2S20 Greenwich * st
GET your ' shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to DOc. 562 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts. , v
WANTED — Good milk bread baker. 1139 Folsom
'/street.". : ¦;• C ..¦-¦ \ '-•-¦¦-¦.•. - ' \ ."- - .-,-
t CABINET-MAKERS wanted. 179 Thirteenth
street. ' ¦ -
WANTED— Experienced bookkeeper for a gen-
eral _ merchandise store located in the south-
ern part of the State; party must be a good
- penman, ' accurate at figures • and of ¦ temper-
i ate ; habits ; good . position and ' salary to ; the
, right party ; man . about 35 years of age and
' married ¦ preferred. ¦ Address box 493. Call.
.WANTED— Laborers 1 and mechanics to know
that Ed Rol kin. Reno House proprietor, » still
runs Denver House. ¦ 117 Third, st.- 150. large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per -week. - ,
MAN '.. to open oysters and make himself gener-
ally useful around the kitchen. Cafe Zlnk-
&¦ and.? 927£ Market t st. . - ,' >.' .' . " •
WANTEEV^-Steady man with'$73;c*n make $15
; per week above expenses; light work; perma-
nent Ijjace. = S 1016 Market st, rym 10. ;
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdresslng at S. !
F. Barber, School, ; 741A Howard ¦ st. -
LABT ; hand on bread. ; 111 and 111 Larkln st. ;
TAILORS wanted, also pressmen on custom
v coats.' 304 Tehama nt. '
HCSIX_S6 CHANCES CONTINUED.
AN~UNuitJAL OPPORTUNITY. . .....: !
Grocery, saloon and bakery combined; located
In the Western Addition; 5 nice, sunny living
rooms attached; al! handsomely fltted up and
furnished; over $1700 worth of stock on hand;
alM) a new end elegantly furnished house of 8
rooms; tbis is'the greatest bargain ever of-
fered In San Francisco; open to investigation;
absence ana sickness of owner forces sale at
once. See U. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate av.
A SPLENDID opportunity for a live man hav-
ing $1200 to' secure at a great sacrifice a car-
pet cleaning and renovating plant, with ma-
chinery asd all facilities for doing work; es-
tablishe*! H years and paying well; In large
and continually growing surroundings and
grand location: rent only $20; no opposition :
will bear the etrictest lnveetiratlon; owner
competed to sell on account of sickness* See
M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave,
BEAUTIFUL house and 3 lots; all sunshine;
fruit and flowers; suitable for chicken ranch;-
bargain. M. A. BROOKS, 12 Galden Gate aye.
ANY one intending to make Berkeley his
home for the purpose of educating his fam-
ily and at the same time receive an Income of
$2000 per year In en old established and re-
spectable business would do well to address
MAXWELL, P. O. box 3, Lorin. Capital re-
o.uired for the business about $2300 cash or,
! to include the property. $4000 additional, part
of which would be exchanged for other good
property. X. B. — Principals only.
AN attractive manufacturing and commercial
proposition in the Hawaiian Islands; needs
about $15,000 mire capital: references: no
agts. Ad., appointing interview, box 1S97, Call.
DO you want good paying dairy depot. clear-
Ing more thar. $2 per day? some delivery; on
account of departure; no reasonable offer
' refuped. Addrtfs J., box 1S31. Call offlce.
PARTY leaving- the city has for sale a tin and
copper rhop; also 6teel range; doing good
business: established 14 years. 411*4 Califor-
I k'.h Ft.. EUGENE ROBINET.
, DRL'G store for i«ale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
druir Htcre in a good mining town; cash, trade.
Cell at 7J> O'Farrell st.: city. ' •
1*O rent on sharec, en San Pablo Creek— 230
acres of good volunteer hay. with building.
Apply to R. E. ROWLAND. Oilnda Park.
Contra Ccsta County.
$1000— PARTNER for Nome retail liquor busi-
ness: can nny at home or accompany. Call-
on MIXER, 36S Eleventh st.
PERSONS capable of Interesting capital re-
qjrs'-ii to cull room 13. eeventh floor. Mills
building.
DENTISTS desiring large and growing prac-
tice immediately on shares; Investigate: easy
terms. Write D. D. S., Call offlce. Oakland.
136 RECOND — A restaurant doing good busi-
BARrtER shop for sale, one i*air, worth $123,
for $63: 'party going to Oregon. 1933 Mission.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store for sale.
«-heap: " living rooms. 2CS Twelfth St.
PARTNER wanted in a commission business.
j «"n!l at !<C0 Harrison St.. between E and S p. m.
j GOOD opportunity; marine business: with
j email carltal. Box 4T.S7. Call Office.
i BARBER ghop and cigar store for sale cheap.
i account departure north. Box 1S79, Call.
WANTED — To buy a good ealoon; reasonable;
j price $1000. M. R.. 1CS6 Valencia .«t.
I PLUMBING shop, stock and Fhop tools; in good
locatiou. Box 43S2, Call.
WELL-ESTABLISHED crocery: central loca-
tion; cheap if at once. Box 303. Berkeley.
FOR sale— A fine fruit *tore; good business;
price, $"00. :217»4 Scott St.. near Ellis.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at ;223 Polk et. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubrcrlptlo.ie has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia r\. ¦
LODGIAG-HOISES POIl SALE.
56- ROOM house; 24 rooms furnished; rent $80;
price $450. DECKER. 1C20 Market Bt.
14 BOOMS — Corner house; transient and perma-
nent roomers; good furniture; will sell at half
Us value. DECKER, 1020 Market et.
22-ROOM CORNER
TRANSIENT HOUSE
. CLEARS $200 PER MONTH.
PRICE S1050 IF SOLD TO-DAY.
Tor sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st
1S-ROOM house at your own price. Apply to
DECKER, 1020 Market St.
100 rooms; rent $50: clears $3)0 $1500
If. rooms; on Third st 250
20-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash.... 2000
8-room flat; new; elegant 250
IS rooms: on one floor: near Call office.... 550
27 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash... 400
25 rooms: on Market St.: worth $1200 800
. IP roon«*; on Mason St.; payments 450
36 rooms: on Market st. : payments 1SO0
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN SI.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
60- ROOM CORNER '.
BAY-WINDOW HOUSE
CLEARING 5300
....OWNER MUST LEAVE THE CITY
OFFER WANTED
For sale by DECKER. 1020 Market St.
$4W) — GEARY ft.; S minutes from Call offlce;
10 rooms; good furniture. Address box 495.
Call office
CARRIAGES AXD WACOXS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON, 2117 Mission St.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
n»«y. work & driving horses. lSth & Valencia.
. ¦
CAPE NOME.
: THE Bllckensderfer Typewriter is especially
adapted; durable, portable, reliable, practical;
f40. 117 Sutter st
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
UHK..N you become dlFgusted with poor work
tend to SPAULDING'H Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. : j i3-3R7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
SANITARY Oarpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
34J-344 McAllister St.. phone south 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. :4) 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet- beating Works. G. H.
KTEVENS, mrr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
j. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
''¦¦?. £te\~en*on St.; tel. routli 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
I ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
; tel. Main 2S4. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
1 CONKLI>TS Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
' Gate eve.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^E^Ti6^7"rrr.Trr7r.T.r~Tr.7."RE_6vEDi
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Mrst Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Tour Life From the Cradl*
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
r.ervous affections. Th» wonderful cures which
the has made are the talk of the whole slope./
WRITE
If j-oa cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A, D. HOWE. .
Offices removed to her residence. 1061 Seventh
are.. Hast Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
rtS at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.* 1
GO to Watson, "only natural" palmist and oc-
cult medium: the luckiest and truest on tne
roart; readings 25c. l."*l Market st.. , near
Twelfth: specimens, mail. COc.
MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and magnetic
treatments. 1206 Market st, rooms 15-16.
MRS. LESTKhTbAILEY. circle. 8 p. m.. 10c;
readings dally. l?04 FIHmorc st.
EDWARD EARLE. 3J0 Ellis Bt— Seance Sun-
day ard Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MEPA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket bet 10th and 11th; dr. Mon.. 8 p. m. :
WRS.J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
tre<*lM— . life reader: slttinc. n. 11M Majket.
CLAIUVOVAXTS.
MlUi. Dit'ol-AKki "'¦' ! / "~
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM. .
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 206 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
»he will show you how to overcome your ene-
uilea; remove family troubles; restore lost
afl>ctlons; unite the separated: recover " lost
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your- entire life, while tn a perfect trance ;
Eatlsf action guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 103 Turk st. near Jones;
hotirs. 10 a. m. to 8 p.m. Tally. "
—ME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past.
¦ future: never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. U67 Market st; bet. 7th and 8th.
MMB. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
LIFE readings with canls: ladles 25c. gents 50c
1382 Market, room 27. opp. Odd Fellows' bldg.
MME. HAN8ON-Pa!mlstrjr; card reader; past,
present future. 25c. i<8 Sixth st, room if.
HELP .WANTED— MALK.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than a feet
4 Inches and not over 8 feet 1 Inch in height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become. citizens; able to read, write
. and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis »t. San Francisco. Cal. or
530 K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted . to ' learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special Inducements this season; only
Institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. «33
Clay st.
"WANTED— Valet: Edward Langer preferred.
Address "WM. I. P1XLEY. corner O'Farrell
anu Powell sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
BURNISHER wanted in DENNISTON'S S. F.
Plating "Works. C52 Mission St.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearnr.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green handi;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart.
BOY 14 to IS: make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st., room 35.
PENSIONS— OEO. D. CAMPBELL.' lawyer: IS
'» — — — — - years' practice: Examiner btdv.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket: TOO rooms. 25c night: reading room: fre«
'bun and baggage to and from the '»—•-.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c r>*r night: 75c to $2 ner week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the -reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions haB been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ;. open until 9 p. m. %
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencla st. ¦ -
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons. ' buggies,
carts, harness. - Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st; auction ?ales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLK. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1(21
and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and Brady:
also some fine matched black teams.
SPAN of handsome "stylish buggy or carriage
hoires; 7 years old; bays. 2536 Market. St..
or 305 Parrott building.
A SNAP — 1400-pound horse for sale, owner hav-
ing no use for same. 17 Diamond st.
J. M. CANTY has removed hU 200 horses to
2170 Market st ; Castro-st. cars pass the door.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; C and 7 years
nld. r>ALZIEL. vet. rtent.. 605 Golden Gat» av.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE. 926 Washington st., for sale or rent.
Apply to J. C. WAGNER, Ahlborn House.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR summer months — Sunny cor. house, com-
pletely furnished, including Steinway grand
piano: 9 rooms and bath: basement; garden;
1 block 3 car lines: $M. 2216 Stelner. cor. Clay.
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST— On county road, between Thirtieth st
and Holy Cross, a pebbled leather suit case
and small telescope wicker basket A liberal
reward will be paid for returning same to
owner at 32 First St.. San Francisco.
LOST — Engraved coin bracelet. Tuesday, be-
tween San Francisco and Sunset Park. Re-
| turn to Call orflce and receive $5 reward.
LOST— Between O'Farrell and Pine sts.. gold
watch and chain; initial D. on the back. Re-
turn to Call offlce; reward.
LOST— Black and white Newfoundland dog; an-
swers the name Jerry. Return to 120 Lexing-
ton ave. and receive reward.
i LOST— $50 reward; spotted coach bitch.
"Queen." Return to JOE BARUH. 216 Sixth.
LOST— Saturday night, near Sheep Island. 7
pieces of net— 3 pieces of 5>j-inch and 2 of 6-
lnch masse. Return 8 Union St.; reward.
LOST— A dark chestnut mare from P.
WULFF"S grocery. Seventh ave. and M St.,
Butchertown; $10 reward.
LOST— Spaniel and setter hunting dog. Return
to 14 Chattanooga st, and receive reward.
ESQUIMO spitz dog. black, white breast, bushy
tall. Return to 1C26 Sacramento St.; reward.
LOST— Sunburst pin witfc diamond center. 2S2
O'Farrell st: no questions asked; reward.
MEDICAL.
DR. O. W. O' DONNELLTThe^ worTd^renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. . Write or call at
1023H Market St. ¦ -b. ¦¦•-
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium, 704 Sacramento st. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; offlce hours. 10 a. m. to 12 m ,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
slcian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned
from Europe with advanced knowledge ; treat-
ment $5; li years' successful practice In S. F.:
maternity home; low fees. 1007Vi Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETII, reliable specialist: 23 yra.
practice; home in confinement; treatment at
offlce $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post st. bet Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market: ladles' spe-
clallst; treatment at offlce. $5: consultation
I free; hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 237.
DR. F. FRANK and MRS. ANDERSON, ladh-i'
physicians; reliable specialists; treatment, $5,
1019 Lacuna st. -
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 12IS Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late
scientific methods; treatment, $3.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken: terms
reasonable. S23 Castro st. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat- i
i men at offlce. $3; consultation free.' 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
VI-VI— DR. WISE A CO., the ladles' «pecial-
ists. HIS Market st.; $5 up.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife; private home
in confinement for ladles. Eddy st.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 1C4 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist: home or offlce treatment. $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER— Private bonu
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. -WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles; ladles' department
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness ave..
opp St. Ignatius, room 22, front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CON A NT. 47 Post.
GRADUATE of National School Mental, Mag-
netlc healing. Dr. Las?weI1.14 McAllister.r.24.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont «t
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. * m " t >".
BARS, back- bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, store and offlce furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand*
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made-
. we catt ship everything In 24 hours. J NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
. Sixth: write for catalogue. t '
ONE extra fine quality, doubte, 1 outer and 1
'• Inner, 2 compartments, flre and burglar proof
bank vault; made in sections for convenience
,; In' shipping and for setting up; will sell at a
bargain for cash. Box 1SS0. Call office.
CALL • and examine what I offer for sale- a
- saving of 50 per cent on store prices. UNCLE
. HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
A MOST beautiful flve-stone opal ring for $21:
original coat $50. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
F £ R T? ale ~ A1 f resh youn K milk cow. Apply
122 Farallon St.. Ocean View. •
GOOD wagon for eale: also' harness. 907 Point
Lobos ave.
.BARBER fixtures and furniture; 2-chalr outfit
complete; must be sold at once at a sacrifice-.
Inquire room 614, Call bldg.
AUTOMATIC WUlcox & Glbbs sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
near Fifteenth.
E SI?° N concert phonograph. . price reduced to
$100; concert records, $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market st. . San Francisco.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters.. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Pine.
FIXTURES, etc.; of notion store for sale. 2403
¦ Folsom «t. ,
8-FT. 12-lb. steel T-rall cheap. 'BURNSTINE
BROS.. G34-53S Brannan st.
ONE 3 H. P. 220 volt motor: standard make: al-
-most new; cheap. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
WE want good clothes and' will pay big prices.
. PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton st.
CASH i registers of every description for sale
|-.] and repaired. 1327 Majket, bet. 9th and 10th.
_MPLOVM_ir_* WANTED— MALE.
A SOBER, reliable man wants any kind of em-
ployment; . speaks French and English; can
do housework. A. R., 914 Sixteenth st, rear,
Oakland. : >
ATTENDANT to Invalid by young man: under-
standa massage. A. ilcDUFF, box 406, Call.
GARDENER, married,' steady man, wants sit-
uation on private place; understands ! the
greenhouse, orchard and vineyard; take care
of. horses, i cows; ' run gasoline engine; handy
with tools: best reference. Address Gardener,
box 2S2. San Rafael. Marin County.
EXPERIENCED engineer and machinist, thor-
oughly understands his business, seeks posi-
tion In city or country; 15 years' ' experience
on thrashing 'machine and donkey engine;
knows how to repair. Address L. TRI3T. 114
Ellis st. ¦ ,. *
WANTED — Position ee painter, caldmlner,
etc.. in hospital, hotel. Institution or large
building; also renovating furniture; Al refer-
enc» .given. 1037H Market- st. room 44.
MAN and wife desire farm work: man Is
dairyman: wife Is : good . cook. ' Apply 707B
Stockton st. ¦¦
ENGINEER, young, practical, used to any kind
of engine; also good machinist and pipefitter;
first-class references. Box 1831. Call offlce.
WANTED^-By a thoroughly competent man, a
position as head gardener In a private fam-
iiy or park; best reference. Box 188X Call. ,
BRIGHT boy of IS years would like situation,
with a chance of advancement, in & wholesale
house. Box 401. Call offlce.
JAPANESE cook wants position In good fam- j
lly. Address H. A., J48 Ellis »t !
MAN wishes- to take charge of cattle or horses
for fare Eaat. Box 1811. Call offlce.
GOOD gentlemen garment cutter with much
experience desires position In city or country.
Address box 4573. Call. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements «nd subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. Z200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office ror the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has bee— opened
at IMS Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenela «t. -•
EXCHANGE.
B-ROOM cottage; center of San -Francisco; In-
stallments; mortgage J1100: equity worth $1500
for a clear building lot. Box 1S94, Call offlce.
EXPERT OrTICIAXS.
GEORGKMAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 2j..
FLATS TO LET.
BEST centrally located flats for small families);
nice neighborhood ; must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento St.. above Powell.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN fc HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
SUNNY lower flat 4 rooms, newly papered; two
entrances: $10. 116H Perry at. -V
TURK. 307— House of 7 rooms; can be used by 2
families; rent reasonable. 820V4 Jessie st
WILLOW ave.. 720^— Flat 4 rooms; $8 per
month. Apply '626 Eddy st
7-ROOM flat: corner: sunny: Z bay windows; all
modern improvements. 417% Third st.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard; base-
ment; rent moderate. 1931. 1935. 1937 O'Farrell.
$12— COTTAGE of B rooms, rear: also 4-room
flat. bath. $18. 2524 California st
.furniture: for sale.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market st. ; telephone Jessie "61. •
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red 33T>3.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C^R^hTn^E^^^O^.TpHONE^GRANT ISa
'.HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city hotel. $25; waitress, Sac-
ramento, $25; waitress, San Mateo, $20; wait-
ress, San Jose. $20; 2 waitresses, Salinas, $20;
waitress, Napa, $20; waitress. Redwood, $20;
2 waitresses, Vlsalia, $20: 2 extra waitresses,
$1 day, free fare; 2 waitresses, city, $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20; 2 woman cooks,
summer resorts, $40 and Increase; 2 fancy
lroners, city and country. $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
"Woman for offlce cleaning, Vt day, $15 per
month, see party here at 2 o'clock: working
housekeeper, $15: cook who can do good Amer-
ican cooking, $30, short distance in country,
fare paid; also another cook, $25; housegirl.
Mill Valley, $25; cook and second girl, $45. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
"WANTED— Mother and daughter. $30; 2 wait-
resses, summer resort, $20; 2 waitresses to go
south, $20; waitress and chambermaid. $25,
summer resort; 10 waitresses, $20 and $25, city
and country hotels; French nurse, $20; gov-
erness, play piano, $25; 4 nurseglrls, $20: 7
second girls, $20; 4 cooks, German style, $30;
chambermaid and waitresses, $15; restaurant
waitresses, $6. $7 a week; a large number of
girls, $20 to $25,- city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to assist in'
cooking on nice ranch, near city, $15 per
month and found; no objection to 1 child. W.
D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st. -
3 WAITRESSES; $20.
6 GIRLS; general housework: $20 to $23.
1 CHAMBERMAID and waitress; city.
6 COOKS: first-class; city; $20 to $30.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. S27 Market St.
WANTED— Girls to pack pickles in glass. Ap-
ply at PACIFIC VINEGAR AND PICKLB
WORKS. 415 Fulton at.
FIRST-CLASS operators on ladles' waists. The
Livingston Mfg. Co., 226 Bush st, San Fran-
cisco, Cal. •
EXPERIENCED talloress on coats; steady
work all year. 922 Seventh ft. Oakland.
WANTED— Capable young woman for general
housework. 797 McAllister St. .
ELDERLY lady to take care of 2 small chil-
dren ; small wages; good home. 1237 Howard.
GIRL for general housework; small family; no
children. 1413A Maaon st
LADY as cashier In restaurant Address box
18S4. Call ofnee. - -
WAITRESS wanted: none but experienced ones
need apply. 20 Third st. ¦ » •
EXPERIENCED girls wanted. Bookblndery,
£36 Clay st. ¦ .
WANTED— Good, strong girl to assist with
housework. 83S Guerrero st
RELIABLE girl to assist In general housework;
good home. 2510 Clay st. /
YOUNG Elrl or middle-aged woman to assist
with two-children; sleep home; small wages.
Apply . 1S97 Stockton st.
SALESLADY experienced In millinery wanted;
steady position; at 1323 Stockton st.
GERMAN girl waitress for a country hotel;
wages $20. Apply L. TROST, 616 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED sewing machine operators^
. knitters, crocheters and menders. Apply at
J. J. PFISTER KNITTING CO., 412 Polk st.
COLORED girl for chamberwork. Apply at
35 Turk st.. afternoons.
WANTED— Woman to hire agents and estab-
lish branch houses In small towns. Box 1878,
Call offlce. t
WANTED— Experienced * mangel hand. Apply
Mercantile Towel and Laundry Co.. 251 Jessie.
FINISHERS on custom coats; also apprentice
girl. 304 Tehama st ,
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLsT
Highest wages paid to sewtng machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32H Fremont.
LADIES wanted — To ' learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hairdresslng taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st. -
FEW young ladles to join night school: low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A" BRANCH office : for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla gt. ¦'
IIELH WANTED— MALE. '
W A NTED^lir^e^kTTs^to^^reara'TrTag^
must - be rapid : and accurate ; salary small . to
commence with; chance for advancement.
Apply W.. box 1S92. . Call.
GENTLEMAN stenographer and bookkeeper.
$100 per month; must operate a Smith premier
typewriter. L. & MY ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery
COMPOSITOR; apprentice, young man or girl,
that can set straight : matter. -Apply 'Imme-
diately Baker Printing Co.. 426 Ninth St..
Oakland. ,- . \ . ._
WANTED— Stenographer and typewriter; : 18 to
20 years of age; small salary to begin with/
Apply W.. box. 1393. -.Call. "»". / ¦-.
WANTED- Sober, 1 ': married -man In •- business
house doing cleaning . and - all-around - work;
German preferred. Box 494, Call office.' , .
WANTED— a good. blacksmith and horseshoer;
; also good wheelwright Apply 608 California.TO SAIU
Sun, Moon and Tide.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column .and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives th« second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus slsn (— ) precedes the. height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. MAY S. -
Sun rises 5.55
Sun sets !!!!7-03
Moon set- 0:TO a', in.
land ToM-nshlp: $56. '"¦ t '
George and Mandana E. Chase to Emma B.
Van Uxen • (wife of lot_ on SE corner of
Ninth avenue, 100 NE of ¦ East Twenty-third
street, NE B0 by SE 150. block 143. Clinton. East
John and Marguerite B. Mclntosh to 'Samuel
II. Mclntorti, lot on S corner of East Four
teenth ' street and Twenty-sixth avenue. SE 40
by SW 125. being the N 40 feet. lot ¦ 1. block _.
Revised -Map, Eden Park. Brooklyn Township;
$10.,- - ¦ »¦ :.¦ ¦ ' . ¦ /....• ¦¦.-».
California Realty Company (a corporation) to
H. A.' Hilton,: lot* 27 and 2?. map of Elmhurat
Park Brooklyn Township; $525. WWMMWI'lWlMi
Mary A. Bechtel to Rose Hutchln_on, lot on
lot On NB corner of Goettlngen and Felton
streets. N 125. E 120. S 25, W 90. S 100. W 60.
block 17. same: $10.
Adelherd Hess' to Blazer Hess, lots 19 to 21.
23 and 24. - block A, in subdivided block 19.
West End Map 8; also lot on N line of Pa
dowa street and NW line of Camlno Real (Old
San Jose Road), NE 44:6. N 93, SW 32:11. 3
125. lot 5, block II, Railroad Homestead Asao-
Harnion Veeder to Joseph McDonald, lot on
N line of Seventeenth street, 66:6 W of Castro.
W 49:4 by N ISO: $10. .
lohn C and Llllle Laws to Joseph and Jacob
Wcisubein, lot on S. line of Alvarado street. 165
E of Hoffman avenue. (LUen). E 37:« by S 118,
lots 85 and 86, Heyman Tract; $10 .
Alameda County.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Mar
garet A -Lockhart and Mary E. Thomas, lot
19* In plat 12. Mountain View Cemetery. Oak-
also lot on W line of Holyoke street, 100 N of
Burrow, N 50by W 120. block 35, same; also
William II. Barkley to Anna C. Barkley. lot,
on S line of Union street, 137:6 "VV of Webster,
W 55 by S 137:6; gift.
VT. B., T. E.. J. B. and M. A. Cunnane and
M. J. Lewis to Mary B. Sessions (wife of David
R.) lot on E line of Lyon street, 92:8U S of
Jackson. 8 35 by E 91; $10.
Ardean B. Bullard to Michael A. McEvoy.
lot on W line of Belcher street. 125 N of Four
teenth, N 15 tiy W 125: $10.
George F. Lyon to William W. Rednall, lot
on W line of Dolores street. ES S of Army, S
25 by W 00; $10.
Catherine Kamps to James D. Davies, lot on
S line of Twenty- fifth street, 133:4 W of Dia
mond. W 26:8 by 8 114; $10.
Giovanni Martino. Giovanni Estere and Borsl
Clemente to Bernardino Brtglla, lot on B line
of Harwood alley or Grand place, 60 S of Fil
bert »treet and 77:6 E of . Dupont, E 60 by 9
19:44, quitclaim deed: $1.
Mary E. Grant to Margaret Lynch, lot on N
line of Ellis street, 70 W of Stockton, W 20 by
N 65: $10.
John F. and Johanna Fugazi to Adelina Pal
mierl, lot on S line of Union street. 185. E of
Jones, K 27:6 by S 120; $10.
John A. and Abbie W. Johnson to Franz A.
Henkel. lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue. 150
S of Lake street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Christian Lehroann to Joseph Hamilton, lot
on W corner of Nineteenth avenue and J street.
NW 150 by SW 10*1. block 388, South San Fran-
Clsco Homestead; $1. - • •'
Daniel, Therese, Barbara, Angelina, Joseph-
Ina and Ludewlna Seltz to Olice Verkouteren,
lot on S line of Felton street. 81 W of Williams,
W 2(5 by S 100, block 29, Railroad Avenue Home
stead; also lot on W»llne of Williams street,
100 8 of Felton. 8 75 by W 120, block 29. same:
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographlc 1 Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. ' San Francisco. Cat
May 4, 19*1. .:•.,- -.'
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian or at 8
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
Time Ball.
Alta 03 IttlKentuck — n
Andes 03 lOlLady Wash — 05
Belcher 12 13|Mexican 2S 29
P»est & Belcher. 17 IS Occidental 09 10
Bullion i 02 03|Ophlr S3 54
Caledonia 1 SO I 35 Overman 2<> 21
Chollar 22 23iPotosi 23 24
Challenge Con.. 14 IK 'Savage OS 07
Confidence SO S3 ! Scorpion — 02
Con Cal _ Va..l 53 1 60 Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 3o 3<
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 17 IS
Eureka Con — 60 St Louis... — 12
Crown Point..: 10 12 Standard — 3 SO
Exchequer — 03 Syndicate — 09
Gould & Curry. 20 21 Union Con 20 22
Hale & Norcrs. 33 3* t'tah 08 10
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 20 21
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued from Page Eight.
*; Co. contractors, architects Reid Bros., all
work and material in the manufacturing and
placing in position, etc.. of prismatic glass and
elevator doors for building in course of erection
on S line of Market street, between Fifth and
Sixth; J1T7J.
Frank J. Weiss (owner) with T. J. Crawford
& Son contractors, architect M. J. Welsh, all
work except concrete and plastering for a three
etory frame building on NE corner of Twenty
eiecond (Sierra) and Minnesota streets. N 91:6 by
E 25: $5634.. . ;¦ • ¦¦•..-, . .
William G. Irwin (owner) with D. O'Sulllvan
contractor,' architects 1. Reid Bros.,, lathing and
plastering for residence on NE corner of .Wash
ington and Laguna street*: $o&0.
llalc Bros., Inc. (ownexaj «ltb P. H. Jackson
Builders' Contracts
The Central Land Company (a corporation*
to John F. Dlngwell. lot 3. block D. map of
property of Central Land Company, Oakland;
$10. ¦- - •
H. G Williams to Sarah D. William?, not on
N line of Thirteenth street, 12 feet E of Mar
ket street, E 6S:4 by N 100, block 1S3. Oakland;
gift. *'
Henry and Clara II. May to Gustav Beckert.
lot on E line of Oak street. 53:9 feet N of
Seventh street. N 28:9 by E 100. being portion
of lots 3 and 4. block 134, Oakland; $10.
Vivian O. Finch to George W. Arper. re
record of 621 D. 305, lot on NE line of East
Fifteenth street, 50 feet NW of Twenty-sec
ond avenue, NW 23 by NE 140. being lot
10. -block 24, San Antonio; $10.
J . and Harriet O. Tyrrel to John J. Johnson,
lot, on N corner of Fifth "avenue and East
Seventeenth street, NE 150 by N W .73 block
100, Clinton. East Oakland : $10.
Edward Brown to Mlna-E. Brown, lot on E
rorncr Santa Clara avenue and Schiller streets.
SE 81 by NE 207:6. Alameda; $10. '
Mary E Owen (executrix for estate of Wil
son J. Owen, deceased) "to Ira Sanford. lots 17
and JS. block B. Fitch Tract; Alameda; grant.
N line of Lynde street, 50 W from SW corner
Bona Tract. W 75 by N 141, Brooklyn Town
ship; *10.
¦ Samuel H. Mclntosh to John and Marguerite
B. Mclntoeh, undivided Va interest 79.22 acres,
being lots 10 and It In section 36, township 1 S,
range 3 W. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Matthew S. Fletcher to Mary J. Fletcher, lot
on S Hne of West Fourteenth street, 183 E
of Wood.- E 23 by S 106:3. being lot 7, block T.
Garden Tract Homestead. Oakland: $10.
W. \V. Rushmore (by J. B. Lanktree. com
missioner) to The McCarthy Co. (a corporation),
lot 8, block L, Golden Gate Tract, Oakland;
U50.
Charles L. and John F. Smith to James Y.
Eccleston. lots 3 and 4. block F. Major Given
Tract Oakland; also lots 14 and 13, Map of
Twitchell Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Pascal Bellocq to Marcel Lemer and John
B Porte, undivided one-third interest In lol
lowlng: Lot on S line of Isabella street. 44S
W of San Pablo avenue, W 54 by S 139 :2U.
being lot 13 and portion lot 12, Gunn Tract:
also lot on S line of Isabella street, 612:4 W of
San Pablo avenue, 8 105, NW 34 to a point
distant 92 8 from S line of Isabella street,
N 92 to S line of Isabella street. E 34 to be
glnlng, being a portion of lot 16, same, Oak
land; $10.
Harvey P. Travers to K. Travers.
lot on E line of Valdez street. 159:6 N of Locust.
N 60 by E 125. lot 4, block 2257, Valdez Tract,
Oakland; $1000.
William E. Travers to Laura M. Travers,
lot on E line of Valdez street, 159:6 N of Val
dez. 60 thence E 125, S 50. W 123, being lot
4. block 2257, Valdez Tract (as recorded), Oak
land: gift.
• Central Land Company (a corporation^ to J.
H. Simpson, lot on E line of West street. 30:23
S of Thirty-third, S 35.26 by E 116. Oakland;
E. A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Emily K.
Latham, lot on NE corner of Oak and Eleventh
streets, E 105 by N 75, being lots 1. 2 and 3
and portion of lots 27 and 2S, block 166. Oak
land; $10.
Samuel T. and Elizabeth B. Dodson to Louis
Marks, lot on E line of Frultvale avenue, 156:1
S of School street. S 35 by E 150. being portion
of lot S, map of Loop Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $5.
Algernon M. and Tda M. Goodnoueh to
Isaac L. Saxton. the NW 90 feet of lots 47 and
4?. Marlon Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Mary C. Reaser to F. A. Losh. lot on W line
of Willow street. 120 N of Eagle avenue. N
30 by W 13S:4. block 13, lands adjacent to En
clnat, Alameda: $10.
Z.-ilka and Ralph Asher to Frank Fisher, lot
on 8 line of Third street. 98 E of Grove, E 28
by 8 100, being a portion of lots 9 and 10, block
22. Oakland: $10.
Blake Company (a corporation of San- Fran
cisco) to Oeorge O. Wlckson. lot 63. block 3,
Grove-street Line Tract. Berkeley; $10.
W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer to Frits Lar
sen, lot on NE corner of Oregon and Grove
etrects, N 40. E 112.W. S 39.89,- W 118 to be
ginning:, being: lot 1. block 20, Shattuck Tract
Map 5. Berkeley: $10. ".
First Presbyterian Church of Berkeley to
Mary E. Wlckson. lot on SE corner of Fulton
street and Durant avenue, E 100 by S 130,
Berkeley: $10. ¦
Daniel McGlone to John C Roger", lot on W
line of Harper street. 10O N of Woolsey,' N
25-5 by W 122:4. beinir lot 4, block 6, Central
Park Tract. Berkeley; $10.
John C. and Charity L. Rogers to Grace E.
Forsythe. same, Berkeley: gift.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Henry \Sas
sell. lots 3 and 4, block 6, Allendale Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Jennie E Manuel to Walter G. Manuel, lot
on NW line of Hobart or Twenty-flrst street
and Broadway. W 172:4. N 150. E S4:8. S 2S:11.
E 125 S So. to beginning, being lots 12. 20 and
21 block D. Wllcox place. Oakland: $10.
F A. and Mae G;. Losh to Henry Schluter.
lot on N* line of Twelfth street. 191 feet W.of
West street. N 100 by W 6V_ inches, being por
tion of lot 27. block 1S2. Oakland; $10.
OAKLAND RACETRACK. JFrida.y.May_ 4.^ K|W.— Weathe r_ Hne^ Track _fast._
11O5. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse. |3ftfc ¦
- . [Betting.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. St. H li % Str. Fin. [ Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1165 Flush of Gold. 3. ...105 3 ... 3h 3n ... 11' I. Powell S *
1098 Kitty Kelly, .3 105 4 . ... 4 2 4 3 '^...r - n Mounce 6-5, 7-5
1162 Homestake. 6 110 10 ... 9h 7 8 ¦ ... : 3 3 Buchanan.... 10 »>
.... Blanche Shepard, 3.105 7 ...• 2 1 2 4 ... 4 2 Ranch 6 «
: 1178 Nettle Clark. 3 105 6 ... 52 52 -...* 55 Basslnger — ? ¦¦*.>•¦,•
718 Miss Vera 3.. 109 1 ... 7 h fi 2 ¦; -...¦-> 6 2 Bozeman 20 *9
1172 Mrs. C, 3 105 11 ...' 10 n S 4 ... 7 3 Gaffney 1<> 13
.... Pauline J, S 120 8 ... 11 9 2 ... 81 W. See 8 20
1159 Ahwahnee. 3 ... 105 2 ..... 12 11 ... » H Holmes.. 8 15
1178 Lohosina, 3 105 5 ... 6h 10 1 ... 10 2 Logue .• 4 4
1175 Gold Finder. -3.. •....107 9 ... 8 l'» 11 11 J. Woods 8 10
Time— To Vt, :211i; to M, :16; last ?», 1:02; snort *4, 1:12. Good start. Won handily, second
and third driving. Winner, Owens Bros.' ch. f., by Royal Flush-Gold Cap. Winner re
ceived nice ride. Favorite full of run at finish. Homestake came from the far rear. Lobo
slna ran like a "lobster." Scratched— Jim Brownell ir_".
lliMt. SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlong 1 !; two- year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Welght.|St. 3^~*~ \i % Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. ~CK
1179 Lilly Diggs 110 1 ... 11 12 13 15 H. Stuart 6 12
(870) Game Warden 110 5 r :....;. 4 4 3 H 3h \ !<i H. Shields 8-5 6-5
1090 Screenwell Lake 105 7 ... 5h 4 1 4 1 3 5 1. Powell 6 5
1155 Scotch Belle 105 2 ;.. 2 >i 2 2}i 2 »i 4h Bassinger 8 12
1183 Loyal S 103 3 v ... 7 5 7 5 6 2 oh J. Woods 6 7
• 1153 ¦ Klngstelle 105 4 ... 3h 5 2 5 H 6 1 Buchanan.... 2 9-2
1166 Illllouon 113 6 ... 63 62 78 712 Bozeman 10 20
1130 Kitty- Lundy 100 8 ... 8 IS 8 8 Heinson \ 30 100
Time— 3-16, :S0; 4Hf, :55%.- Poor. start. Won easily, second and third drjvlng. Winner. J. G.
Brown & Co.'s b. f.. by Red Iron-Lily Wright. Lilly away flying. Game Warden can beat
her. c Cg5J^£l]-^_^jPjy_^?5*3" e 'V>^£S?l£J^S^r S^S^^I^3^J^L^LS^IS^!L~}^ ; >^>y>^^^^-^-j-^^-'
J197. THIRD RACE— One mile and a sixteenth; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse. J40O.
Index Horse. Age. Welght.|St. Std. % % Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
11S1 El Mldo. 4 103 8 61 6h 61 61 lh Gaffney 15 30
(1140) Perseus, a 109 3 41 2h 21 lh 211. Powell 2 13-5
1194 Ailenna. 3 89 1 5h 4h52 41 33 J.Daly 4 11-5
1180 Corolla, 3 85 63h 5 1H 3h 3h 4h Ranch 3 6
1134 Ping, 5 ...109 7 11V£11 11 21 oh Stuart 5-2 4
118S Mary KInsella, 6. ..105 10 92 8Vi 81 71 fin Burke -.. 12 30
1187 Grand Sachem. 5. ..107 2 2h 3h 4h oh 7 J. Woods 20 30
1176 Inverary II, 5 109 9 8 4 92 93 9 8 Bozeman 20 4t>
(1184) Mamie G, al 105 4 7 2 7 >4 7 >i 8 !i ' 9 Buchanan.... 4 »
1190 None Such, 5 UOj 5 10 10 10 10 10 Dlngley 20 *>
Time— 1-16, :07TTl6. :31; 9-16. :354: 13-16, 1:2m: mile, 1:41V4: 1 l-16m. 1:47%. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner,- Dallas Stable's b. g., by Imp. Sir Modred-Ethel.
El Mldo turned a triple somersault through the burning hoop. Perseus very sore in
warming up. Ailenna cut off at first turn. Corolla had a tempestuous voyage. Scratched—
1198. FOURTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse. ?3o0.
Index. Horse. Weight. |St. U Vs % Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. cT
1155 Andrattus 105 5 ... ... 4 2 ... 1 h Buchanan .... 6 10
1174. Articulate 103 2 2 2 ... 2 2 H. Stuart 8 12
1161 Bavassa HO 7 3h ... 3n Macklln •» »
(1143) Ada N 110 3 5 2 ... 4 1 Ranch 6 S
1179 Princess Titanla....lO3 1 1 1& ... 5 2 J. Woods 2 3
1179 Grafter 110 9 .- 7 1 ... 62 I.Powell 7-2 7-'.
(11S3) Loneliness 110 4 ... ... 8 1 ... 7 1 Logue 8 15
1155 Intrepldo 105 6 6 1 ... 8 Mounce 1"> 3'>
1174 Parsifal 113 8 ... ... 9 ... 9 Bowman 8 12
1179 Rio de Altar 108 Ran away ... ... ... ... BaSstnger — t 50
Time— 5-16, :29W; *W. :55. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, W. R. Larzelere's
b. g., by imp. St. Andrew-Ottyanna. Saddle on Andrattus slipped. Articulate will do.
Powell on Grafter did not earn the Victoria Cross. Rio Altar, played to 3 in the first bet
tlng ijinawaytwlce : ;^^^___ >^__^^^ -J ._,_ r _ r _- U T_ ru -. r
1JM>. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse. $350.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. | St. % V, % sTr. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. ~c7.
1155 Gusto, 3 9S 3 1 Vt 3 1 3 2, ... 11 Ranch 4 5
(1159) Spike 3 95 7 61 21 22'... 21 Stuart V> 1''
(1165) Coming Event, 3.... 93 5 2 2 12 14 ... 3 1 J. Daly 5 8
874 Alicia a 107 4 3h 7 2 5 4 ... 4 2 1. Powell 4 7
1165 Cue, 3 9X11 11 10 2 8 1 ... 5 2 Mounce 3 13-5
1139 Prestome, 3 9S 1 7 2 6h 6h ... 6 3 Burke 4 3
1167 Uterp. 4 105 » 81 81 71 ... 72 Basslnger .... 10 12
1142 Morella. 3 93 10 4h 4 »i 4h ... SI Loguo S l'»
1128 Sister Marie, 3 94 8 9 4 9 4 9 4 ... 9 G Buchanan 10 IS
1173 Louise Haynian. 3.. 93 2 5 4 5 1 10 8 ... 10 10 Gaffney 20 60
.1162 Ringmaster, 6 109 6 10 5 11 11 H |J. Woods \»__ 2< J
Time— V*. :13; *4, :36; %, l:01U; ?i. 1:28. Fair start. Won first three driving. Winner. S.
Judge's br. c,, by Imp. Brutus-Irish Lass. An excellent ride landed Gnsto. Event quit.
Alicia peculiarly handled. Cue almost left. Prestome cut off at start. Scratched— Ciprlano
12<>O. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling: three-year-olds and upward; purse. $350.
Index. llorse. Age. Weight. |St. U H %~ Str. FlnT I Jockey. |6p. Cl.
1182 La Borgia 3 99 6 3 3 5 4 6 1 ...12 H. Stuart 5 .4
1160 Dolore 6 107 ."• S >i 6 1 3 2 ... 2h I. Powell 10 1.1
1169 Sugden 4 109 7 5 2 1 »i 1 >i ... 3 4 Macklin 10 15
1157 Moringa, 5 110 1 4 h 4 1 4 1 ... 4 1 H. Shields 6 8
11«) I-ost Girl, 6 107 3 7 1 8 1 8 2 ... 5h Basslnger.... 10 10
1180 Romany. 4 109 4 2h 2h 2h... 6h Bozeman 8 12
11X1 Proclamation. 3 93 2 lh S3 B 1 . ... 7 h J. Daly 3 7-2
1172 Charpie. 5 109 8 82 7h 72 ... 82 Logue 8 15
115* Donator, 5 109 10 9 h 9 9 ... 9 Ranch fi 8
(1160) Lou Rey, 4 110 9 10 10 10 ... 10 J. Woods 3 4
1156 Bonlbel. 4 105 11 Fell Buchanan — 20 30
Time— 'i, :13; «4, :3«1 %. VMM: Ti7T:27*i. Good start. Won handily, second and third driv
ing. Winner. Burllngame Ptock Farm's ch. f., by Imp. Brutus-Ledette. Winner was best.
Saddle on Sugden slipped. Moringa nicely rated. Romany punctured a tire. Lou Rey was
*^~^~^<.
1201. SEVENTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index. Horse. Age. \Velght.[St. \i hi % Str. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. Cl.
1182 Wyoming a 109 7 53 31 31 22 lh Bozeman 4 9-2
1181 La'dy Med'some. 4. .103 4 lh 4h 5h 32 2h Buchanan 2 3
1193 Silver Tone, 4 107 6 42 lh 11 lh 32 H. Stuart 4' • 4
(1187) Gauntlet, 4 110 I « >i 5 2 4 2 4>j 4 2 H. Shields 6 %
1194 Caatake 5 109 10 92 10 82 51 62 Mounce 10 25
. 1192 Imp. Mistral II, 6.. .112 9 8 4 91 9 8 6h Basslnger .... 10 5
1158 Horton, 4 103 8 7 4 72 71 !> 7h Macklln « 6
1194 Edgardo. 3 89 5 34 61 21 61 8 Ranch 10 12
1157 Storm King, 6 112 3 2 h 2 14 6 4 7 2 9 I. Powell 8 VI
'11S7 Morlnel. 5 113 2 10 8 1 10 10 10 J. Woods 15 25
Time— 1-16, :07: 5-16. :31: 9-16. :55H: 13-16, 1:2U;; mile. 1:41; 1 1-lSm. 1:47. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner, J. G. Brown & Co.'s b. g.. by Pardee-Caprlce. Wyoming well
ridden. Lady Meddlesome should have won. Too much weight on Gauntlet. .
GRAND
E Sharpe & w, London
J G Ransbottom, Lond
Mrs C S Eltlnge. Cal
J T Jones, Grass Val
Miss F G Jones. G Val
F II Hill & w. Nev
W S Baker. N Y
Mrs F Steward, Marysv
Miss J Steward, Marysv
Miss F Nafzlger, Cal
Mrs V E Morgan, Cal
F C Stanford, Cal
J W Mitchell, Montague
C M Williams, L Ang
B Gllger & w, S Paula
G Alexander <fe w, Cal
C Dunphy, Millbrae
J R Chase, San Jose
D C Mitchell, S Jose
Ii Hamburger, S Jose
J Rice. Visalla
Mrs \V E Finch, Idaho
Miss A P Moore, Cal .
A D Hunt & w, Colo
R A lying. Willlws
P W Johnson & w.Cal
E A Fano. San DIcgo
K A Gouchnor, Cal
J Wolzmuth & w, S D
C H Borden & w, Ii A
Miss E G Borden, L A
Miss C G Borden, Ii A
Miss C Irch, IiOS Ang
Miss G Klerich. L Ang
R B Berryhlll. Iowa
II Dodge. Iowa
W Ij 1'rltchard, Sacto
S J Gardner, San Jose
R S Brown. Petaluma
C O Metcalf, Sacto
J J Thompson. Cal
W Dolan, Sacramento
B J Devlin, Benicia
I Rogers, Cal
II Todd. Oakland
W H Murphy. P Alto
O H J Schlott. Cal !
S Dannenbaum, Val jo'
A M Thomson, Cal
A C Morrison, Cal
E C Wood, Cal
C Cunningham. S Jose'
C A Merrill. Suisun .
S E Lutz. N Y
S W DIckerson, N Y
C B Shaver, Fresno
HOTEL.
Mrs C S Davis. N Y
S P Moody. Chlco
A lexanaer, Los Ang
C Alexander. R I
W Campbell. Los Ang
G H Stoll. Los Angeles
D- Sammann, L Ang
W W Moreland.Hldsbg
S B Reynolds, Butte
W J Hassett, Sacto
S H Wall Is, Sacto
J W Hyatt Cal
L C Green, Walnut Gr
J A Migllavacca, Napa
C Tt Hawes, Chicago
H W Bennett. Chicago
C Bell S Barbara
D L Anderson. China
D L Anderson Jr.Chlna
R F Booth, Fresno
W R Southard, N Y
A H Eddy, San Jose
L G Hare, Salinas
L W Shinn, Los Ang
D Ii Mason, Placerv
O W Abbott & w, N H
Miss M M Abbott, N H
A O Hinkson, Sacto
F C Baker, Or
S D Neamlth, Boston
W Frost. Butte
J H Seawell, Uklah
C L j^a Rue, Yountv
G E Holesworth. Nev
R B Borland, Martinez
J R Redman, Reno
C Moltzen. Pt Reyes .
Miss M Mason, Anttoch
O J Uhl. Ohio
D B Kelllher. Or
S H Whitney, Or
B M Lelong, Sacto
J M Donnell, M Park
F F Williamson, Ta
coma
F F Williamson Tacmo
C Ii Galvln, Sacto
M J. Mason. San Jose
GW Cart wrlght. Or
E E Crandall. Los Ang
C S Nelson, III
D Mueller & fy, Wis
Mrs E D Loverldge.NY
G H Long, Mich
PALACE HOTEL
W G Ebbs, N Y
R H Armstrong, N Y
J G Longley. NY
B Thomas, NY.
Maud • Bell, Cal ~~
F B McNear. Chgo
C E Handy, Los Ang
J V Farraher, Yreka
I" A Demens, Los Ang
Mrs P A Demens, Cal
J W Perkins. Illinois
D T Daniels. Wash
E D Baker. Yreka
Mrs B D Bak«;r t Yreka
J L WIngate. Jamaica
Mrs J L Wingate. Ja
maica
C S Martin. Pasadena
Mrs C S Martin Cal
J . S Patterson. Cal
A F Lennlng. WIs
Mrs S M Bradbury.Cal
Miss L Bradbury, Cal
L Bradbury, Los Ang
A M Hardenberg-h. Cal
O O Codman, L Ang
W S Tupper, Minnpls
K M Ross. Los Ang
W H Hamilton, N Y
W Lockwood. Norwich
Mrs W Lockwood, Nor
wich
J E Harvey. N Mex
Mrs J E Harvey. N M
Mrs E T Earl. Los An
Mr« Von Schmidt, Ii A
D Hartwell. Los Ang
W H Dudley, N Y
Mrs II Cowan, Boston
Baron von Schroeder,
San Rafael - .
A Merger, Paris
I» Lemalne. Paris
P Rassott, Port Arthr
Miss Browning. N Y
C E Hodde. St Louis
R Kondo, Toklo
T Masakl. Tokio
T Kawada.. Toklo
E Kobolif, Shanghai
Ii Phillip. Shanghai
W Whittman, Germny
O Bruckmeyer. Ilkpng
P Brokowskl. Hgkong
K Oliva. Japan
S O Kamota, Japan
F H Short, Fresno
T A Eddy. N Y
Mrs T A Eddy. N Y
Miss M Eddy, NY
Dr M J Davis. Nevada
Ph Wright. Bombay
J Isaacs. Cal
Mrs J Isaacs. Cal
L B POpp, Cal
W Campbell, Los Ang
Q H Carey. S Dakota
J H Russell, U S N
J B Henry, U S N
J E Matbews, U S N
K Bolce. Toledo
Mrs F Boice, Toledo
Miss Boice, Toledo
E H Roberts, U S N
AH McKay. L Ang
E J Hathberg. Boston
Mrs E J Hathberg.
¦ Boston
Mrs D B Wiggins, Bos
W J Wiley. Cal
A M Cunningham, N Y
II Dudley, N Y •
A W Brewer. Sacto
Mrs O Niedenhofen,
Butte
H Bell. Los Ang
J W Baldwin, St Alfcn
VV R Cogswell, Syracus
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W A Hemlehen, Nebr
C Wilson. Vallejo
D M Feddersen, Cal
G Flesler, Manila
M A Curtis, San Mateo
D M Crawford. Stockto?
J \V Ellis, Modesto
G Holmes. San Jose
L Dort, Fresno
J Hyllested. N Y
J O West, N Y
MrsrF Northern. Cal
Miss Northern, Merced
E Campion, Merced
0 D Ollbourne, Col
W S Carruther*. Denvei
T Carruthers, Cal
J E Hall, Suisun
J Spicer, Martinez
'A Sylve&ter, Sacto
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived May 3— Stmr Tacoma,
from Honskonr.
NANAIMO— Arrived May 2— Stmr Mineola.
from Port Los Angeles; Br stmr Robert Adam
son, hence April 2".'.
Sailed May 3— Stmr Mineloa. for Port Los
Angeles.
PORT SAID— Arrived May 2— Ger itmr Al
bengd. from Baltimore, for Manila.
PANAMA— Arrived April 17-Stmr City of
Panama, from Champerlco. May 1— Stmr Colon,
hence March 28.
Sailed Anril IS— Haw stmr Barracouta. for
San Jose de Guatemala. April 19 — Stmr New
port, for San Francisco.
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 4— Ger shin Ne
reide, from Portland.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 2— Stmr City of
Peking, for San Francisco.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed March 14— Br ship
Australia, for Honolulu. March 14 — Br ahip
Elmhurst, for San Francisco. March 17— Schr
Honoipu. for Honolulu: ship Reaper, for Hono
lulu. March 26— Br ship Balclutha. for San
Francisco. March 27— Barg Bis Bonanza, for
Honolulu. April 2— Br bark Sussex, for Hono
lulu. April 4— Bark Oregon, for Honolulu: Haw
ship Star of Italy, for Honolulu. April »—
Schr Robert Searles. for Kahulut.
To sail April 11— Bark Carondelet, for Hono
lulu.
In port April 11— Br ship Afghanistan, for
San Francisco: Br ship Aneato*. for San Fran
cisco; bark Carondelet. for Honolulu: Ital ship
Elisa. for Honolulu: bark Hesp«r. for Hono
lulu: Br ship Hldrtekel. for San Francisco: achr
Inca. for Honolulu: Haw ship John Kna. for
San Francisco: Fr bark La Bruyere. for San,
Francisco: bark Louisiana, for Honolulu: Br
ship Port Elgin, for San Francisco; Br ship
Robert Duncan, for San Francisco; Br ship
Sir Robert Fernie. for San Francisco; ship
WAchusett. for Honolulu.
Chartered to load — Fr bark Amiral Troude. for
San Francisco; Br bark Ancinls. for Hono
lulu: Fr bark Chas Gounod, for San Francisco:
Br ship Cralgerne, for San Francisco: Br baric
Dominion, for Honolulu: Fr bark Fervaal. for
San Francisco: bark Gen Falrchild. for Honolu
lu- Br bark Invermark, for San Francisco; Fr
bark Jacques, for San Francisco; Fr bark La.
Fontaine, for Pan Francisco; ship Maria Chil
cott. for Honolulu; Br shin Perseverance, for
Honolulu: Br bark Strathdon. for San Fran
cisco: Br bark Woollahra. for Honolulu; ship
Yosemlte. for Honolulu.
FREEMAXTLE — Arrived March 29— Haw ship
Euterpe, from Port Ludlow.
GERALtVTON— Arrived April 7— Br bar*
Rose, from Moodyvllle. „_..._
SYDNEY— Arrived April 3— Ship Great Ad
miral from Port Hadlock: ship J B Brown,
from Chemalnus. March lft-Br bark Woolla
hra. from Eureka.
PORT ADELAIDE— Arrived March 27— Bark
Empire, hence Dec 31.
PORT PIRIE— Arrived March 27— Schr Kin*
Cyrus, from Port Blakeley. March 31— Schr W
H Talbot. from Port Gamble. April 3—Schr
Wm Bowden. from Port Blakeley.
HONOLTLU— Arrived Anril 17— Bark Sono
ma from Newcastle. Aus: Haw bark Himalaya,
from Newcastle. Aus. April IV- Stmr City of
Rio de Janeiro, from Yokohama, April 13 —
Nor sunr Thvra. from Yokohama: bktn Ska
elt from Port Gamble. April 20— Shin M P
Grace, from Sydney. April 21— Bktn J M Grif
fith, frcm Port Townsend. A«ril 22— Bktn John
Smith from Seattle. Auril 23 — Br stmr Doric,
hence April 17. April 2t— Br bark City of
Adelaide, from Newcastle. Aus:M7 S stmr Han
cock hence April 17; bktn Robert Sudden, from
Newcastle April 25— Br stmr Moana. hence
April IS; Nor strar Horda. from Kaunakokai.
April t<*— Br stmr Coptic, from Yokohama.
Ap»11 27— Ship I F Chapman, hence Anril 12:
schr Mary E Foster, hence April 12: bark C D
Bryant, from Nanaimo: schr Okanocan. from
Port Townsend.
Sailed A?rll 17— Bark Palmyra, for Port
Townsend: bktn Echo, for Port Townsend: schr
Maria E Smith, for Port Townsend. April 1J—
Br ship Hllston, for Port Townsend. Anril 20
, — Nor itmr Thyra. for San IMego and San
Francisco: ship Dashing Wave, for Port Town
send. April 21— Bark S C Allen, for San Fran
cisco. April 23— Schr Lottie Bennett, fcr Port
Townsend: Haw ship Star of Bengal, for San
Francisco. April 24 — Br stmr Doric, for Yoko
hama: »chr Pioneer, for Port Townsend. April
53 — Scbr Chas R Wilson, for Port Townsend: Br
stmr Moana. for Sydney. April 27 — Schr Com
peer, fcr Port Townsend.
To sail April 27— Stmr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
DELAGOA BAY— Arrived May 4— Ship Wm H
Macy, from Alcoa Bay.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAPLES— Arrived May 4— Stmr Kaiser WH
helm II. for Genoa, and proceeded.
LIVERPOOL—Salled May 4-Stmr Georgie,
for New York.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 4— Stmr Columbia,
from Hamburg and Southampton, for New
York.
HAMBURG— Arrived May 4— Stmr Pretoria,
from New York, ria Plymouth and Cherbourg.
HAVRE— Arrived May 4— stmr La Touralne.
from New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 4— Stmr Noorge.
from Cp^enharen.
MOVILLE— Sailed May 4— Stmr Furnessia.
from Glasgow, for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May 4— Strar Co
lumbia, from Hamburg, for New York, Yla
Cherbourg.
LONDON. May 3— A Manila cablegram stated
that U S stmr Escano was scuttled on Leyts
coast. Crew mutinied, killed ownT, captain,
and officers.
LORENZO MARQUES— Ship W H Macy from
Hastings Mill Is ashore at Cockburn shoals.
Br war stmr Forte has gone to her assistance.
HONOLULU. April 2*— Bktn Wm Carson, pre
viously reported wrecked, has been sold. Will
be broken up, as It Is impossible to save her.
April 13— Schr Moklhana was wrecked at Ka
hulul during heavy NE gale; no lives lost.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
UMPQUA— Sailed April 30— Schr Sadie, for
San Francisco. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 4— Stmr
Tacoma, from Yokohama, and proceeded to T*
coma at S a m. .
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 4— Stmr Na
tional City, hence May 3.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 4— Stmr Whites
boro. hence May 3.
ALBION— Arrived May 4— Stmr Scotia. henc«
May 2.
SEATTLE— Sailed May S-Stmr City of Se
attle, for Skazuay.
Arrived May 4— Schr Falcon, hence April 13.
REDONDO— Sailed May 3— Schr La Glronde.
for Grays Harbor. . May 4— Bark. Vidette. for
Port Townsend.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed May 4— Schrs Maggie C
Rum and J M Colman, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 4— Ger ship Najade,
for Queenstown.
EUREKA— Arrived May 4— Stmr Pomona, hne
May 3: schr Fortuna. hence May 1: schr Mabel
Gray, from San Diego.
Sailed May 4— Stmr Pasadena, for San Pedro:
stmr Samoa, for San Francisco; stmr Sunol,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 4— U S stmr Ran
ger, from .
MISCELLANEOUS
POINT LOBOS, May 4. li) p m— Weathes
cloudy: wind SE, velocity 12 miles.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Friday. May 4.
Schr Newark, Keck, hence May 3. for Boweng
Landing, on account of carrying away Jib-
RETURNED
Friday. May 4.
Ftmr Areata, Reed. Coos Bay.
Ftmr GlDsy. Leland. Santa Crux.
Ship Glory of the Seas. Freemaii. Comot.
Bktn S G Wilder. Jackson. Hilo.
SAILED.
Br stmr Wyefleld, Cartmer, Seattle; V S Gov
ernment.
Bktn Archer, Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch ft
Co.
Schr Vine. Small. Cape Nome; C F Hum
phreys.
Schr Eliza Miller. Christensen. Apia; Dellus
& Co.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka; Chas Nel
son.
Stmr Corona, Glelow. San Diego; Goodall,
Perkins £ Co.
Nor stmr Titanla, Gulllksen, Nanalmo; Joha
— , Friday. May 4.
Stmr TVlrwam, Anderson. Port Townsend:
CLEARED.
Stmr Noyo. Fosen. IS hours from Fort Brae*.
Stra» Progreso. Zolling, SS hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Alcazar, Fagerlund. 37 hours from Port
Lou Anceles.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 17 hours from
Mendocino, etc.
Nor stmr Thyra. Edvardsen. 31 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 31 days, via Hono
lulu 14 days and San Diego 43 hours.
Schr Impossible, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Ethel Zane, Holmstrom. 9 days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Czar. Hutman. 31 days from Manzanlllo.
Friday. May 4.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. 50 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 42 hours.
Stmr Alameda, Van Oterendorp. 23 days from
Sydney, via Honolulu 6 days 12 hours.
Stmr South Coast. Ol9en. IS hours from Al
bion.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1900.
(Copyright. 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
11
d Time Time Time Time
£ Ft- Ft. Ft. Ft.
!• H W L.W II W L. W
5 ... 3:31 4.6 10:23 O.C 5:50 Ti 11:21 Ti
6 ... 4:44 4.2 11:15 1.0 «:33 4.8 ...... .
L W H XV L W H W """
7 ... 0:« !.9 «:00 J.9 12:W 1.4 7-14 S 0
8 ... 1:34 2.4 7:13 3.9 11:55 1.7 7:50 61
8 ... J:19 1.9 8:17 3.9 1:3S 1.9 8:24 S 3
10 ... 2:55 1.4 9:li 4.0 2:15 2.2 8K 5 4
H ¦¦¦ 3:25 0.9 10:05| 4.0 2:51 2.5 9:24 5 4
Steamer.
Frczn.
I Due.
Bonlta ...: iNewport [May o
Samoa ..". IHumboldt..: IMay f
Mackinaw.. ISeattle .' IMay 3
Washtenaw .... Tacoma May- o
Pomona Humboldt May <
UmatllU Victoria & Puget Sound May 7
Santa Rosa San Diego May 7
Tillamook TillaraooK Bay May 7
Warfleld Oyster Harbor May 7
Robt. AdamsonlNanalmo May 7
Newport V Panama May s
Ignac. Marlscal Manzantllo May S
Coqullle River. Gray* Harbor May I
Coo* Bay....... Newport May 9
Arcata ......... Coos Bay May 9
Wellington Oyster Harbor .....May D
Universe Oyster Harbor May 9
Empire C<Jos Bay May 5
State of Cal.... Portland... May lo
Del Norte Oregon Port* May id
Newburg Grays Harbor May 10
Crescent City... Crwcent City. May H
North Fork Humboldt May 10
Iristol [Oyster Harbor May 19
orona San Diego May 11
•olnt Arena.... Point Ar^na May 11
imerics Maru. China and Japan May 12
lu*en Victoria & Pujcet Sound May 12
hizaba IVanrouver May U
Steimer. I Destination. I Satis. I Pier.
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
Corona San Dl»*o May 5. It amlPier 11
Cleveland .. Pujcet Sound.. May 5. 5 pmiPler 2
North ForktHumboldt May 5. 9 amlPier 2
Kruser Tlllamook May 5. 5 pm I Pier 3
Thyra IChlna&Japar. May 5, 5pm:Pier27
Walla WalliVlc & Fgt 04. May «. 11 am Pier j
Pt. Arena. .|Point Arena.. May 7. 2 pm Pier 3
Bonita Newport May 7. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..[Portland May 8. Hara!Pter24
Acapulco ..(Panama May ». 12 ra|PMSS
Samoa IHumbotdt May 8. 10 am! Pier 13
Pomona ...JHumboldt....; May S. 2 pmlPler »
P. PortlandlOapeXome.... May 8. 2pm|P1er24
Curacao .....Mexico May S, l>amiPlerll
Tlllamook .iTHlamook May 8. 5 pmjPter 2
Santa Kosai^an Diego iMay :<, II am Pl»r li
Aloha ICape Xome...JMay 10. 3 pm I Pier 2
Rainier ....ICape Nome.... (May 10. 2 pmlPler 34
Coptic China&JapanfMay 11. 1 pmlPMSS
Coos Bay... Newport May 11. 9 am Pier 11
IT mat Mia ... Vic & P«t Sd. May 11. 11 am Pier 11
Ar;ata Coos Bay May 11. 12 m'Pler 13
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. j May 12
Octavla Eurone May 12
State of Cal Portland IMay 13. 11 am Pier 24
Steimer. I Destination. I Satis. I Pier.
Steamer. I Destination.
Sails.
Corona San Dl»*o May 5. It amlPier 11
Cleveland .. Pujcet Sound.. May 5. 5 pmiPler 2
North ForktHumboldt May 5. 9 amlPier 2
Kruser Tlllamook May 5. 5 pm I Pier 3
Thyra IChlna&Japar. May 5, 5pm:Pier27
Walla WalliVlc & Fgt 04. May «. 11 am Pier j
Pt. Arena. .|Point Arena.. May 7. 2 pm Pier 3
Bonita Newport May 7. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia ..[Portland May 8. Hara!Pter24
Acapulco ..(Panama May ». 12 ra|PMSS
Samoa IHumbotdt May 8. 10 am! Pier 13
Pomona ...JHumboldt....; May S. 2 pmlPler »
P. PortlandlOapeXome.... May 8. 2pm|P1er24
Curacao .....Mexico May S, l>amiPlerll
Tlllamook .iTHlamook May 8. 5 pmjPter 2
Santa Kosai^an Diego iMay :<, II am Pl»r li
Aloha ICape Xome...JMay 10. 3 pm I Pier 2
Rainier ....ICape Nome.... (May 10. 2 pmlPler 34
Coptic China&JapanfMay 11. 1 pmlPMSS
Coos Bay... Newport May 11. 9 am Pier 11
IT mat Mia ... Vic & P«t Sd. May 11. 11 am Pier 11
Ar;ata Coos Bay May 11. 12 m'Pler 13
Del Norte.. Oregon Ports. j May 12
Octavla Eurone May 12
State of Cal Portland IMay 13. 11 am Pier 24
Steamer.
Frczn.
I Due.
Bonlta ...: iNewport [May o
Samoa ..". IHumboldt..: IMay f
Mackinaw.. ISeattle .' IMay 3
Washtenaw .... Tacoma May- o
Pomona Humboldt May <
UmatllU Victoria & Puget Sound May 7
Santa Rosa San Diego May 7
Tillamook TillaraooK Bay May 7
Warfleld Oyster Harbor May 7
Robt. AdamsonlNanalmo May 7
Newport V Panama May s
Ignac. Marlscal Manzantllo May S
Coqullle River. Gray* Harbor May I
Coo* Bay....... Newport May 9
Arcata ......... Coos Bay May 9
Wellington Oyster Harbor .....May D
Universe Oyster Harbor May 9
Empire C<Jos Bay May 5
State of Cal.... Portland... May lo
Del Norte Oregon Port* May id
Newburg Grays Harbor May 10
Crescent City... Crwcent City. May H
North Fork Humboldt May 10
d Time Time Time Time
£ Ft- Ft. Ft. Ft.
!• H W L.W II W L. W
5 ... 3:31 4.6 10:23 O.C 5:50 Ti 11:21 Ti
6 ... 4:44 4.2 11:15 1.0 «:33 4.8 ...... .
L W H XV L W H W """
7 ... 0:« !.9 «:00 J.9 12:W 1.4 7-14 S 0
8 ... 1:34 2.4 7:13 3.9 11:55 1.7 7:50 61
8 ... J:19 1.9 8:17 3.9 1:3S 1.9 8:24 S 3
10 ... 2:55 1.4 9:li 4.0 2:15 2.2 8K 5 4
H ¦¦¦ 3:25 0.9 10:05| 4.0 2:51 2.5 9:24 5 4
Iristol [Oyster Harbor May 19
orona San Diego May 11
•olnt Arena.... Point Ar^na May 11
imerics Maru. China and Japan May 12
lu*en Victoria & Pujcet Sound May 12
hizaba IVanrouver May U
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn.' and llnfnrn.
A^Bm?NSWICJC HOUSE^ 14? sTxth^Rooms
.5c to Jl p*r night: t\ 25 to $5 per week, ajid
light housekeeping; open all night. . :
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St., ad-
jolning the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms: all prices.
AT £27 Howard— Changed hands; respectable;
newly renovated; single, double and house-
keeping rooms: Jl ud.
BOHEmTa. 239 Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
corner sunny suites; finest tn city; hot and
cold wnter; elevator: tourists. accommodated.
BI'RNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 720— Furnished rooms to let. $3
up. In respectable family.
1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Sunny corner; well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLEMENTINA^ SO— Nicely furnished rooms.
EDDY. 3. corner Market— 11 BO week up; sunny
furnished rooms; Market-st. view. • ;_fc*»
EDDY. ir«— Sunny suites; also single rooms;
newly renovated; new furniture; prices reas.
EDDY. 218— Rooms, day, week or month; best
fcr the money in the city. .
FOI_?OM. 934— In a private family; two sunny
furnished room; cheap rent.
FOLSOM. 965, cor. 6th— (The Oliver)— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
GEARY. SS4— 5 furnished rooms; one sunny"
front room: 19 and ?6.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms: suites or single: travelers accom'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GROVE GS! — Three sunr.y unfurnished rooms;
rent $9.
HANCOCK HOL'SE. 7S1 Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; $1 50 to |6 per week.
HARRISON. 7M>4. nr. 4th— Finely furn. sunny
rms.. bath: renovated; homelike; $1 wk. up.
HOWARD. SC9— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
2Sc to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
JONES 402— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
gentlemen preferred.
f MARKET. 76J— Nicely furnished rooms by the
(!»v, week or month.
1 ___________^ — — -—
MARTHA place. 6, off Geary., bet. Mason and
Taylor— Sunny front hallroom for single man.
MINNA. £3 — Five clean rooms.
MINNA. 6«7, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window rcom. Si per week; transient.
NATOMA. .",ST>— Sunny front room, suitable man
and wife or 2 gentlemen: $6 per month.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas: reas.
ROSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellin St.— Rooms,
nlpht. 25c to Jl; week, tl 25 to J4; open night.
ROYAL HOT'SE. 126 Ellis st.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night. S5c to {1 50: week. $2
t" t«: month. $S to $20; elevator on offlce floor:
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SEVENTH, 2-'i— Suite of nicely furnished
rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Astor. US'* Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; single, suites; trans' t
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good i*ople. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
VAN NFPS ave.. 411 B— Elegant furnished
sunny suites, parlors; suitable for couple or 2
gentlemen; running water and bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH orace for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ¦
ROOMS AND BOARD.
NEW family hotel; first-class in all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
nelect people. WC California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
FINE table, large bay-window room; sun all
day; also single room: quiet home. 2211 Van
Ness ave. : phone Sutter 2721.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board. $25 up.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT._615 Taylor— Renovated ;
suites and single rms.'; sunny: excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAP. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional*
POWELL. 824-828 (The Hedges)— Large sunny
rooms; marine view; excellent board; reas'ble.
VAN NESS ave.. S44 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: $20.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— 3 unfurnished rooms centrally lo-
cated: rent not over £12 or $15. Box 500. Call.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made;
city or country'. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine §up-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-KODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 6713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South (35; packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving: Cora-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.: phone Jackson 2S1.
TO L.I_AS1_.
FOR rent— Fine dairy; 100 to 125 cows; in Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this is a money maker. For further particu-
lars apply to FRANK HICKMAN, 412 J «t..
Sacramento. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTMEm
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$800— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
ccttage; tunny tide of street; t blocks from
nation and school; termi $100 cash, J10 per
tsonth.
ll»C0— New modern cottage; E rooms and
batb; street work, cement walks, etc. com-
plete: near station and school; $100 cash, $20
p«r month.
flCSO cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner in Alamefii ; see thli at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and batb; $3000;
co money down; easy monthly payment*; or
win exchange for lot: this is a. snap. !
H. P. MOREAL A CO.. 14« Park «t,
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park et.. Alameda.
D_.KlV__L_-i AUYhKllobMbMp
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
2 ACRES: only I mile, north of Berkeley; 7-
room house, chicken houses, barn, farming
Implements, horses, buggy, corr. pigeons,
chickens and everything pertaining to the
place: all in first-class condition; only $2500;
$500 cash, bslance to suit; also a fine- resi-
dence in Berkeley, to exchange for a ranch;
GEO. SCHMIDT. Berkeley. Schmidt Mock.
« ACRES, right in the heart of beautiful Berke-
ley: small house, large barns; very conven-
ient: for nale at a low price. MASON A
McLENATHEN, adjoining Postofflce, Berke-
ley Station.
NEW house, near university; 9 rooms, bath,
etc.: complete In every particular: \ - ery ac-
cessible. For sale by MASON & McLENA-
THKN. adjoining Pnntnfflce. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS AXD BOARD.
"THE PLEASANTON." 2S32 Durant ave.. will
be open for summer boarder. May 15; rates
reasonable: board optional. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
jjCfiO— FOR eale, fine modern house of 6 rooms:
almost new: Twenty-sixth ave.. East Oak-
land: lot 40x118; terms $300 cash. $20 -per
month. Call or address J. H. YOUNG, 1243
Park St.. Alameda. \
BARGAIN: $2500; easy terms: modern 5-room
cottage: best part of East ' Oakland. 172S
Eleventh ave. -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, the
_ /umUure dealer. UUi and franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY tCon.)-A dividend, No. 17, 0.
Seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the' com-
pany, 430 California St., San. Francisco, on
May 10, 1900, Transfer books close May 3,
1S00. at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
LKtiAL AUVKKilShilllEMS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co. — Notice of
intention to change principal place of busi-
ness—Notice Is hereby given that in pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thirds (2-3) of the capital stock of Ihe Ro-
wardennan Improvement Co., ft corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent ha» been
obtained and filed in the office cf said cor-
poration, it is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change Its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, In the county of Santa Cruz,
State of .California, said removal or change
to take effect immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, California, this 3d day of May. A. D.
1900. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON, Secretary. -•
IN the Superior Court of the City and County cf
San Francisco. State of California. Probate.
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication 01
time appointed for probate of will (C." O. P..
sec. 1S03).— Notice Is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the 15th day of May, A. D. 1900, at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of eald court, at the
new City Hall, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
will of said ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the Issuance to
It of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A. DEANE, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
Dated 'May 1. A. D. 1900.
WM. B. SHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
____________ __
PROPOSED acquisition of a telephone sys-
tem by San Francisco — Persons desirous of
I offering to install and sell to San Francisco
a complete telephone system are requested to
apply to the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors for full Information relating to a call
for proposals. The proposal- to be filed on
or before August 1, 1900.
NOTICE to contractors— Plans and specifica-
tions for the construction of a restraining
dam I6O1) feet long. 80 feet base, over Dry
Creek, above Orovllle and Chico road, can be
seen at the offlce of the Cherokee mlnet>,
Cherokee, Butte County, from May 7; bids
close May 15. L. J. HOHL, superintendent.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Umberto Minetti. 35. Port Harford. and Vir-
ginia R. Marre, 26, Port Harford.
Frank E. Almqulst. 34, 1024". Minna street,
and Eva. M. Fredrikson, 32, city.
Johann L. Scheper, 31. 1701 Polk street, and
Sophie M. D, von Hallen, 31. 2718 California.
Adam Roberts. 37, 34 Hoff avenue, and Maggie
A. Bowen, 22, 2S Eighth street.
Charles C. Thompson. 29, 72 Jackson street,
and Marprethe F. Degn. 34. 2504 Jackson street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
lndorsrd with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ATTHOWE— In this city, April 24, 1900, to the
wife of Ernest Atthowe, a eon.
COLLINS— In Los Angeles, April 28, 1900, to the
wife of Charles W. Collins, a'Bon.
G1LBART— In this city. May 2, 1900, to the
wife of Al J. GUbart. a son.
LOWERY— In this city. May 4. 1900. to the wife
of John A. Lowery, a son.
OLSEN— In this city, May 4, 1900, to the wife
of Peter II. Olsen, a daughter.
STROMBERG-In this city. April 29, 1300, to
the wife of H. A. Stromberg. a daughter.
__ jjied.
Allen, Martha Kiernan. Annie
Bond. Henry H. Landers. William J.
Campbell, Augustus Lick. James W.
Carter. Jennie \V. Lutz. George
Collins, Thomas Mehl. Philip J.
("onuay, John R. Mein, Thomas
Dodge, Otis Newman. George F.
Haase. Richard H. Sampson, Annie J.
Hayden. James Schult, Nicholas H.
Isaacs, Benjamin Sweeney, Jane
ALLEN— In Stockton. April 30, 1900, Martha,
beloved wife of Gill Allen, and mother of
Harry and Bertie Allen.
BOND— In Oakland. May 4, 1900, Henry H.
Bond, beloved brother of Thomas Bond, Mrs.*
Hannah Bach, Mrs. Mary Glenn and John
R. Llndsey. a native of England, aged 53
years 7 months and 4 days.
CyRemalns at the parlors of Craig & Coch-
ran Company. 52 and 56 Mint avenue, San
Francisco. Notice of funeral in Sunday's
papers.
CAMPBELL— In Oakland, In the 60th year of
his age, Augustus S. Campbell, a native, of
New York City.
C_TThe funeral will take place from his late
home, the residence of his brother. Fred M.
Campbell, 1262 Webster street, this day (Sat-
urday), at 3:30 o'clock. Interment private.
CARTER— In this city. May 4, 1900. Jennie W.,
beloved dauchter of Elizabeth and the 'late
Thomas Carter, a native of Ireland, aged 20
years 4 months and 3 days.
C_TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 1092 Bush street. Interment
private. Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
COLLINS— In this city. May 4. 1900, Thomas
Collins, a native of Rhode Island, ased 61
years.
CONWAY— In this city. May 4. 1900. John R,,
beloved husband of Jennie Conway, and be-
loved father of John and Pauline Conway, a
native of California, aged 27 years.
ICRemalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2425 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-flrst.
DODGE— In the City and County Hospital,
May 4, 1900, Otis Dodge, a native of Califor-
nia, aged Zi years.
HAASK-In Stockton, Cal.. May 3. 1900. Rich-
ard Herman Haase. brother of Frederick and
John H. Haase and Mrs. F. R. Neville, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 35 years.
ff_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted _r Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
HAYDEN— In this city. May 4, WOO, James,
beloved son of Dennis and the late Margaret
Hayden, and brother of Mrs. Robert V. Spear,
Mrs. William Ferguson and Edward, Thomas
and Joseph Hayden, a native of Hartford,
Conn.
C_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tn attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister. 320 Noe street, thence to MIs-
. Men Oolnres Church, where a mas* 'will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
ISAACS— In this city. May 4, 1900, R-njamln
Isaacs, beloved father of Mrs. Peter Allen
and Henry B. Isaacs, a native of England,
aged 81 years 5 months and 9 day*.
KIERNAN— In this city. May 4. 1900, Annie,
beloved wife of the late Thomae Kiernan,
and. beloved mother of Mrs. Thomas Bun-
yan and Mrs. George Graham, a native of
County Longford, Ireland, aged 70 years.
ES'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3173 Mission street, thence to St. Paul".
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery- A solemn requiem mans will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at St.
Paul's Church Monday, May 7, commencing
• at 9 o'clock.
LANDERS-In this city. May 3. 1900. Wil-
liam J., dearly beloved son of Mary and the
late Maurice Landers, brother of John. J.,
Mamie, Nellie and Henry Landers and Ru-
dolph Haas, and cousin of William Scanlon,
a native of Gra_s Valley. Cal.. aged 22 years
and 9 months. (Grass Valley papers please
copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 129 Guerrero street, thence, to Mission
Dolores Church, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LICK— In this city. May 3, 1900, James W.
Lick, nephew of the late James Lick, a na-
tive of Ohio, aged 71 years 7 months and 25
days.
C_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer Half,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
fonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post.
LUTZ— In this, city. May 4. ISOfl, George, dearly
beloved husband of Rose Lutz, and father of
Oeorge Jr.. Fritz, Pauline and Rose Lutz, a
native of Reichenbacb, Germany, aged 39
years and IS days.
C_rFrien(la and acquaintances art respect-
HENR.Y J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
' .7 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South '. 1 fi .*,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EXBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
C^RIB7V\/\TIO1N.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association;
ban francisco. California;/
If deceased was a member OF ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary. th» charge for cremation, ¦¦• a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service is $30.
The same for members of his family.
GEORGE R._ FLETCHER, Superintendent.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Small home of in ton^^e7.~rnore
or less improved, or homestead rellnquigh-
rr.ent In wnw of the bay counties, preferring
.¦anta <~lara. or :>anta Oru_; must be a bar-
jra.n and not t<x> far from good transportation:
pve good description of property, price and
]IP*' }° flna "¦ r -o nsents. Address KILL-
GORE. :02 Sixth F t.. p. F.
WKSTFItN Addition income producing prop-
erty wanted; only lx<na fl<Je propositions en-
tertained; from tAOQQ to tlo.'tiO; no agents.
Address box 412. Call office.
NORTH Beach income property, from Jir>rt9 to
-—-MO; no irrnit. Address box 4 f '4. Call office.
WANTED— At onre i^j. r oved~income city prop-
erty, jjnro to {5*00 for cash at SPECK &
CO/p cc; Markpt - t
REAL liSTATB—CITV KOIl SALB.
foB^eAias bt
THOMAS MAGEE & FON5.
.1 MONTGOMERY ST.
Fine lets on tb» nnrth side of Fe!l St.. facing
Goldca Gate Park. _3_1<JO. for f:~0.
jmaj^ug
A northwest corner. _K:l' 2 xl00: both streets
tiituininized • carinot h? beat for s_n and choice
locality: ratine the Tark Panhandle and_ on
the Fcll-st. boulevard.
Six 23x103:1^ feet lots: street bltuminized:
cars at the comers: < .olden Gate Park Pan-
handle cne-half a block away.
Comer on Hayes st., right near Park Pan-
handle and Fe;i-st. boulevard; 25x103:14: $2400.
fSSM TWO modern fiats. 7 rooms and bath
each; lnt 13x137: Western Addition, near
Market t-t.: rent $4S.
j-n,»>_Hu«ine»s proj^rty on Gclden Gate ave..
r.es.r Lasvrui st.; rents $41). Address R., box
il4. Call off.ee. •
ONE lot for sale; 23x65: south side of Stevenson
Ft., between Ninth and Tenth; price $2400.
Inquire 420 I_llis st.. in offlce.
THOSn who have lots in the Richmond District
<>r north of the park who really want to dis-
pose et the f-aire nn_ who will bt guided by
the andorripned can find Immediate purchas-
ers: every lot that hss been placed In my
hands fcr snle since January 1 of this year.
T-here the teller followed my advice, has "been
foM; in no ir.Ftance have 1 sold a, lot on the
ir.sta.'.lment plan. I am asked the question :
«-.fte-: How is it that you find the buyer*?!
Posr/'y you may want to use the ready I
rr.cney or may be tired carrying the burden I
of a mortgage; if so, call on the undersigned. <
W. J. OUNN. 530 California st. ;
HAVE you real estate In the Mission or Hor-
rer's Addition that you wish to dispose of ;
then call on W. J. GUNN. -SO California st.
S"X 00- FORECLOSURE : Tor~aTe w~ days
a creat bartain in one of the fexr large
lTcp*-rties left in the manufacturing district :
near 1st and Folsom; 5 frontages; Si)xlo5: rents
abcut 1200; heavily mortgaged. KCOTT &
HARRIS. 20 Post st.
$S2f»0 — At a sacrifice; on account of bank fore-
closure: lot 2^x100; improvements 2-story ,
house. 7 rooms bath: south side Seventeenth,
bet Howard ar.d Mi*?ion. Apply R. Mc-
COLOAN. .4 Montgomery et.. room 3. ;
} FLAT?; top on* 7 rooms and bath: lower one l
« rccms ar.d bath; lot 22:Cxl22:6; price S42OO.
PHI—BRICK. -647 Folsrm st.
CHEAPEST and best tn America— The Weekly
Call, 1<! raees, sent to any address in the
United Ftates. postpaid, for $1 per year.
rnstiic* paid.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
countrj' should be looked after at once, as this
is the time cf the y*>er to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range in size from 10 to
4<» acres ar.a now sold to Induce immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
seekers will rever regret securing one of these
homes; no rriaUr'.a, r.o frosts: products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (In-
cluding high school); macadamized ro#ds: X
railroad train* dally from San Francisco;
Ti-ater for Irrigation when desired; superior to !
Southern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern California experts; these lanSs.
with the superior soils and all other advan-
tages r.antd, will be sold at prices far below
tho*» arke. in locaJHies hitherto considered
unapproachable tn excellence; th«-e Is no more
Independent life than the small diversified
rarmer'e; the farms sold before the panic
hive become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much as $100 per acre; you can leave
Fan Francisco on £ a. m. train, have S or 4
hours a.t E FDarto. and back to San Francisco
•«r!y the same evening: you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes, EEparto, to show you the
land*. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FIFKE. Woodland. Cal.
fTTSft— DESIRABLE country home: JO acre!"
choicest fruit lar.V lfiOO almond and 50 select
fruit trees 4 to 6 y^afs old: new hard-nni«he<J
residence, barn end other buildings: excellent
well of water: new windmill: good school; de-
sirable neighborhood; by rail ltj hours from
?sn Francisco. Apply S2 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
A SPLENDID bargain — For sale to close an
estate, popular resort !n Farts Crux tnoun- :
ta'.ns: accommodates 1(W people: 25 acres J
trapes, 3<) chclre f ni!t. 45 hay and 100 heavy
?(*¦-.• timber; boating, bathing and fishing;
easy terms. WESTERN LAND COMPACT.
€40 Market st.
ALTA PTNTA Tract. Fan Pablo ave.. S miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad —
Valley lar.d by the acre. SUM to $WV Call for
Tr.-rsi etc.. cr. G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. 6t.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
rw ranches on my 5ALE AND EXCHANGE
list. N. D. EICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
KOSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
KOSP Valley lots— oOxK.0. $3nn. or larger pieces
'n proportion: Pan Rafael vrater system; fine
vl*w; F_trinkle<l roarjs; 5 minutes' walk from
Flatten; flier and all 'trains stop at these sta-
tions. Apply P. ROS.«. Kent Station, or C. H.
ETA N VAN. Tl Market st.. Fan Francisco.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
F r> n sal* or ex<-han_-e — A n|o»> 4-aere orchard
home, Haywards; a bargain: terms to suit,
Fat particular? address hex *K>. Call office.
nOOMS FOR HOC8EKBEPiyCJ
<•— AY. 2_1. near Fillmore— 2 larpe unfurnished
rooms: yard: water: rear; rent $7.
EDDT« €04— Nice sunny cor. bsy-wlndow suite;
kitchen, »ras range; complete for housekeeping.
EDDY. 517— Pleasant sucny connecting house-
keeping rroe.; splendid location: private res.
EIGHTH. 3<B, neiir Market— One or two sunny
front rooms and kitchen, furnished for house-
keeping: bath; private family.
OOX-DSSf GATE. 703— Sunny furniphel room for
light housekeeping; privi!*-jt» parlor; $K.
HAWTilORNE. 172. near Harrison— Deawint
sunny hskpir. rooms; reasonable nnd d«-»1rable.
HOWARD, 1'i.1."iB— Changed hands; furnished or
unfurnished housekeeping room*, and others.
HYDE. 4f)S — Sunny front rarlor and kitchen,
$1S; also front basement suite. $15; other
suite V.2.
IVY ave., 2:3— Two eunny housekeeping rooms, ,
f ink, store. V-i; elngle, J4 to $7. Call Saturday
and Sunday.
JE*£IE. f.-9. n«*r new poetoffice— Single or con-
nect trig housekeeping.
LEWIS, 1«, off Taylor, near Post— 3 unfurnished
•unny front rocms; $10.
MARKET. 1X3$. near City Hall— 3 unfurnished
connecting sunny rooms; 1 front room; water.
*ink. yard: rent $1«.
MINNA. 7P7. Eighth «t- — Housekeeping rooms;
no objecticn to children; would rent unfur-
nished to rood party.
MISSION. ins-Sunny kitchen and room; two
double beds; cheap room: newly furnished; $5.
MISSION". ll_sife— funny furnished housekeeping
rooms. $2 i>er we*lc.
OAK, 12S— 3 larj-e sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeeping, J14; 1 room, tame, $6; first
flocr.
••OL.K, 1217, r.ear Putter— Sunny housekeeping
gult«-g. $10 up; single. $> up.
SACRAllKN'T^i. 1M4-L_rge. sunny front room;
olefantlv furnished; modfrn Improvements;
appreciate, if eeen; very light housekeeping
alloTred.
KCOTT. JTCS— Three tinfurnished housekeeping
rooms; u&e of bath; t« or $10 month.
: 1LVER. 1C-2 cheap furnished housekeeping
rootn*.
HIXTH. CO — Xle*ly fnrr.ished bay-window
housekeeping suites, running -rater, bath. $7
to $12 it mo.: s!n£ie rooms, $i to £> per mo.
OR J punry connecting rooms, nousekeeping
if dejired. J23?a Sixteenth rt.
FTEVENFON. Cl_ hrt. SevcntTTan. Elghth-
Furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; central,
near cow jx.stoffic-e.
THREE desirable furnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping purposes: DeviEadero, nr. Ellis'
«;. VJS miniX R. F.. < <>., f,n California.
Tnr.iC. 3J2— Two front sunny rooms; light
hvusftkeeplng; rent reasonable.
TWO large sunr.y front rooms, kitchen an. bed
njorn furnished complete for housekeeping;
PJumit'in? all new; |2£« per week. Apply at
shoe Ftore, 5C2 UisKloa st., between First and
r^cond et*. .
V/ANTEO — 2 housekeeping room*, centrally Jo-
• «ted nnd f rst class in <>very particular. Ad- <
dr?*s box 1S*T, Call office. ¦
CLASSIFIED aflvert Isenu-nts and subscriptions
received at Cal* brunch offlce. 220O Fillmore st,
A CRAN'CH office for the reception of adver-
t!_*Tn«-nt_ and eubwription* Iih been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A ItTMNCH office for Call advertisements and
irubKeriptlcns ba« been established at 109$ Va-
tt_TThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of P. F. Clarke. 1305 Lyon street, thence to
St. Dominic's Churcb, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
C_TFriend8 and acquaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SWEENEY— In this city. May 3. 1900, Jane
fweeney, beloved daughter of the late James
rid Jane McDonald, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aced 32 years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment at San
Jose, Cal.
SCHULT— In this city. May 2, 1900. Nicholas H.
SchuK, a native of Ihlienworth, Hanover,
Germany, aged 33 years 1 month and 25 days.
B-TFrlends and acquaintances are tespect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence, corner Jackson and Lake streets,
I Oakland. • Interment private. . ...
NBWMAX— In this city. May 3. 1900, George
Francis, beloved son of David and Mollie
Newman, brother of David Newman, and
grandson of Mrs. NOra Amen, a native of
•San Francisco, aged 4 years 11 months and
3 days.
(CTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 90S Sansom* street, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SAMPSON— In Oakland, May 3. 1900, Annie J.
Sampson, mother of Mrs. . Mary J. Glvens. a
native of Missouri, aged 47 years and 2
months.
ICTFriends and acaualntances are respect-
fullylnvlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Sunday), at' 2 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
building, corner Seventh and Market streets,
under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge No. 222,
I. O. O. F. Remains at the parlors of Bun-
ker & Lunt. 2666 Mission street. Mission Ma-
sonic Temple. . "
MEIN— In Oakland. May 4. 1900. Captain
Thomas, beloved husband of Mary Meln. and
father of William W. and Robert M. Meln,
a native of Jedburgh, Scotland, aged 62 years
1 month and 4 days.
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Red Men's Hall.
510 Bush street, where services will be held
under the auspices of the Gambrlnus Verein.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .Remains at
the parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth. -•
M-HI.— In this city, May 4, 1900, Philip J.,
husband of Ida B.-Mehl, and brother of Ed-
ward Mehl of Erie, Pa., a native of Erie,
Pa.Marks Bros., 1212-1214 Market street, will
sell 500 yards chiffon veilings, all colors, 23
cents a yard, worth 50 cents. •
Ninety Members of the Craft Meet
in Response to a Call and Elect
Officers.
Ninety shipjoiners met last night at
Mystic Hall, in the Red Men's building,
on Post street." and formed an organiza
tion that' is designed to be permanent.
The meeting was called by a committee,
consisting of J. A. Bowers. John Wright,
Frederick Gregg and Charles Wilson.
The following named were elected of
ficers of the new organization: J. A. Bow
ers, president: Robert Driscoll. secretary;
Frederick Gregg, financial secretary; A.
Babkirk, treasurer, and R. Walsh, ser»
SHIPJOINERS FORM
STRONG ORGANIZATION
Call Issued by Labor Organizations
for a Big Mass-Meeting in
Metropolitan Temple.
A mass-meeting has been called by the
labor organizations of this city for next
Monday night at Metropolitan Temple.
The object, as set forth in the call, is to
protest against the further Immigration of
Japanese coolies into the United States.
The meeting will be called to order by
Walter MacArthur, who will pro
side. The following speakers have con
sented to make addresses on the question
now being agitated by all of the labor
unions on the Pacitlc Coast: Mayor Phe
lan. Charles L. Patton. P. H. McCarthy,
C. L. Dam. Professor E. A. Ross, T. V.
Eddy and J. J. Dwyer.'
To-Bay and Monday
Marks Bros, will sell 100 dozen silk and
lisle thread hose, 23 cents a pair, worth 50
cents. 1212-1214 Markci street. . •
WILL PROTEST AGAINST
INFLUX OF JAPANESE
Two Hundred and Fifty Dollars Tele
graphed Salt Lake Relief Com
mittee by This Firm.
Modestly referring to it as a "mite,"
the firm of. Raphael Wcill & Co. has for
warded $250 as a contribution to the fund
being raised to aid the relatives of the
300 or more men who lost their lives in
the terrible Kcofield mine disaster. Mr.
Weill sent the following telegram yester
day to the relief committee:
"SAN FRANCISCO, May 4. 1900.— John
E. Dooley. President of the Relief Com
mittee, Salt Lake City: Believing every
hurnan being severally responsible, and
thereto re bound to respond to your press
ing call, we hasten to send our mite in
behalf of the surviving victims of that
terrible disaster. Find our telegraphic
order for $250.
"RAPHAEL WEILL- & CO."
The following reply was sent by the
grateful committee:
"SALT LAKE. May 4. 1900.— Messrs.
Raphael Weill & Co.. San Francisco: On
behalf 'of the destitute families of the
victims of the Scolleld disaster, I desire
to thank you for generous contribution of
S2T.0. The committee appreciates your
generosity. J. E. DOOLY. Chairman."
GENEROUS DONATION BY
RAPHAEL WEILL & CO.
Mystery Surrounding the Death of
Wilson and Field Is
Unsolved.
The Field and Wilson cases are still
"shrouded In a dark veil of mystery," and
the police department has nothing new to'
offer the public in regard to the solution
of either. . .
"Frankie" Norton, the woman who was
In the room of the Kearny-street lodging
house with Frank Field just before his
death occurred, was arrested again early
yesterday morning and placed in the tanks
at the City Prison pending the result of
the Coroner's, inquest, which was post
poned until Tuesday morning. She made
an additional statement- to Captain Sey
mour, but it is of no material value. The
police, satisfied to follow the suggestion
of suicide as given out at the Morgue,
are resting on this theory, although De
tective Ross Whitaker has been detailed
on the case. It is of no conse/juence to
the detectives that the man was shot high
in the head or that he sustained a fiac
ture of the skull from some outside force,
and at the time of his death was found
resting, in a natural position on the bed.
•In the Wilson case there are no new
developments. Detectives Cody and Bur
nett are on the case. The inquest on the
soldier's body.wlll.be held this morning.
The police still. shout suicide, scorning the
murder theory. : .
POLICE STILL BELIEVE
MEN KILLED THEMSELVES
The Call herewith presents a record for
twenty-eli?ht days of the temperature at
Port Safety, twenty-six miles from Nome.
This record, which is the first to be pub
lished, was received by George G. Rad
clift of Watsonvllle from Frank Lewis,
the mining recorder of Bonanza district,
and will prove interesting to all grold seek
ers who are about to start for the Xome
country:
January 15, 9 a. m 25 below
January 16. 9 a. m 16 below
January 17, 9 a. m 20 below
January IS, S a. m 19 below
January 13, 9 a. m 20 below
January 20. 9 a. m 30 below
January 21. 9 a. m 28 below
January 22. 9 a. m 38 below
January 23. 9 a. m 30 below
January 24, 9 a. m ..26 below
January 2r., 9 a. m 27 below
January' 26, 9 a. m 4 above
January 27. 8 a. m : 7 above
January 2S, 9 a. m IS above
January 29. 9 a. m 15 above
January 30, ? a. m 20 above
January" 31. 9 a. m 18 above
February 1, 9 a. m 16 above
February 2,9 a. m 16 above
February 3, 9 a. ra .'..*. is above
February 4,9 a. m 16 above
February 5. 9 a, m 14 above
February 6. 9 a. m 16 above
February 7. 9 a. m 19 above
February S, 9 a. m 16 above
February 9, 9 a. m 9 above
February 10. 9 a. m 3 above
February 11, 9 a. m 23 above
Table Showing How the Thermom
eter Acts in the Nome
Country.
OF INTEREST TO
THE GOLD SEEKERS
LODGE WHICH THE MAYOR WOULD TAKE FROM THE
COMMISSION.
flt? ATOR PHELAN has buzzing in his busy brain another fantastic freak
//y/Vi notion that his unwarranted interference in municipal affairs is for the
public good. His Honor has entertained many of these notions, but
the latest rivals all of the others in official nonsense. He intends, if
he can, to take the Golden Gate Park Lodge out of the control of the Park
Commissioners, place it under the direction of the Trustees of the Free Pub
lic Library, make of it a . louneing-room and branch library and establish the
headquarters of the Park ¦ Commission In the City Hall, where It will be of
the least possible service.
His Honor wants to have the Commissioners of Golden Gate Park directly
under his benign influence. He wants them to be near him. wnere he can see
them, supervise them, counsel and direct them, and watch that they perform
their duties conscientiously and for the public good. His Honor feels the very
great weight of his authority and responsibility.
What strange fantasy b,as inspired the Mayor to this purpose no one can
tell, for the ways of his Honor are inscrutable, but on Thursday, at a meeting
of the Trustees of the Free Public Library, he announced his scheme and de
clared that a majority of the Park Commissioners will indorse him in it. He
declared that it is better for the great municipal family, over which he ar
rogates the position of head, to be housed under one roof, where his beneficent
and exalted influence can be more keenly felt.
The Mayor has a very high opinion of the character of that Influence, but it
seems to be an unnecessary taxing of his strength to do everything in that pecu
liar and mysterious way which he affects. His Honor should not forget that
he is not always in the City Hall, and if he seeks to keep a watchful eye over the
Commissioners of Golden Gate Park, why not house them in a neighborhood
where his genial Influence is frequently felt and where he finds opportunity and
occasion to pass much of his time? Why not, for example, establish the Park
Commissioners in a lodge in the neighborhood of Pierce and Turk streets?
The locality would be ve;y accessible to him and probably will be as satisfac
tory to the Park Commissioners as the City Hall. While his Honor is inspired
with an idea that he has a divine. mission of Interference in affairs with which
he has no possible concern he might move the park lodge Itself down on to Mar
ket'street. But his Honor possibly has not discussed this phase of the matter
yet and will not do so until he has elaborated and perfected his idea of making
a loafing room for loungers out of the lodge.
, He has. it is said, some very definite ideas about what shall constitute this
lfbrary. His recent uip into literature establishes him in the public eye as a
literary star and it is said that he has fixed opinions on what his people shall and
shall not read: Friends of his Honor shake their heads very wisely and say
that he never will permit The Call of January 16, 1900, or any possible reference
literary or otherwise to Blggys or laundries to enter the library on the ground
that it is seditious literature. "How to Make Ante-Election Pledges and Break
Them.": "How I Didn't Klect a Chief of Police"; "The Correct Mod
ern Method of Forcing Merchants to Sprinkle Their Streets": "The Unwisdom
of Protecting Citizens From the Crimes of Night Marauders"; "The Strange
Story of a Silk Hat and What Was Under It"; "Hefting Made Easy, or a New
Way to Watch the Treasury"; "How to Receive Credits in School While Travel
ing in the Orient" ; "Instructions Designed to Teach Unmounted Police How to
Catch Runaways in the Park"; "A Practical Theory Qf How Belated Citizens in
San Francisco Can Get Home Without a Lantern"; "The True Story of How
Sullivan Alley Became Private Property"; "Why I Became an Enemy of Scotch
Politics," are works that unquestionably will pass the censorship of his Honor
and find place in the new library. Perhaps his Honor will present the city with
a portrait of himself In oils or emblazon the windows of the lodge with scenes in
his interesting career done in art glass.
But these are matters simply of probability. The Mayor's capacity for do
ing the unexpected is infinite. He may decide to* close the park and make it a
parade ground for the police. He has, however, consented io grant one smalt
concession in the affair. He says he will permit Superintendent McLaren to re
main in the lodge, so there need be no apprehension of a change unless perhaps
some member of the Fay family should decide to move in.
The case of Charles E. Broad, charged
with assault with a deadly weapon, was
dismissed by Judge Fritz yesterday. Broad
during the fight for the possession of the
Tax Collector's office, January 12. was ar
rested for throwing an Inkstand at At
torney Ruef. Broad did not deny throw
ing the inkstand, but said it was fired at
Aleck Greggains in self-defense.
Tax Office Affray.
To-Day and Monday
Marks Bros, will sell ladies' muslin
gowns, full length. 32 cents each, worth 50
cents. 1212-1214 Market street. •
; "The trouble is," said the young officer,
"that the boys are not permitted to go
after the enemy and ilntsh them, as is
generally understood to be the thing in
warfare. They have to do a aort of po
lice duty, and that means lying in rain
soaked camps and only occasionally hav
ing a brush with the enemy. Death' from
disease always stares tnem in the face.
When a man gets sick he is sent to the
hospital and gets excellent treatment, but
when he becomes convalescent and needs
to be built up he has no chance. A run
up to Kobe or Yokohama would give him
fresh air and the change brace him up,
but he cannot get it. The hospital ship
that ought to be there for that work lies
here in the harbor and has been here for
mortths. The men either want to fight
or come home."
j Ensign Fred Perkins of the navy, a son
of Senator Perkins, who won distinction
in the Philippines on -the cruiser Ben
nington, confirms the story of a young
officer who has just returned from the
Philippines that there are between 500 and
600 volunteer officers now at the front
who have tendered their resignations to
General Otis. Only a few of the resigna
tions have ever reached Washington,
ilost of the officers are young men who
were appointed from civil life at the out
break of the war and were not trained
for the trade of war. The principal rea
son they gave for wanting to return home
is that It means sure death from disease
to remain in the Philippines under the ex
isting conditions.
Much. Sickness Is Prevalent and
There Are No Hospital Ships
at Manila to Take Care of
the Convalescents.
General Otis Refuses to Send
Their Resignations to
Washington.
MANY OFFICERS
IN PHILIPPINES
WANT TO RESIGN
geant-at-anns.. The next meeting will be
held at the same place on Friday nlgrht
next.
PHELAN'S FREAK OF
OFFICIAL NONSENSE
JOHN F. CARRERE, secretary of
the State Lunacy Commission, has
handed In his resignation and Gov
ernor Gage has secured the appoint
ment of his political, t personal and
Democratic friend, E. O. Stevens, to
lill the vacancy. Back of this there
was a row among the members of
the commission and the Governor, but the
latter was successful and Mr. Carrere
stepped down and out rather than to al
low his friends on the board to become
further estranged with the chief- execu
tive of the. State. Away down at the bot
tom of the whole affair was a promise
made by Gage during his candidacy for
Governor to reward Stevens, who was the
editor of a Los Angeles Democratic paper,
for not opposing Gage too strongly. Ste
vens was to have been appointed secre
tary of the California Paris Commission.
Political pressure from Alameda was too
strong and the resuit was that Yarney C.
Gaskill got the job.
Gage all this time was looking for an
opening into which to shove his Southern
California friend and as a last resort he
undertook to oust Carrere In the interest
of Stevens. In this he met with no little
opposition. On the board are, besides the
The proposition to turn down Carrere
was broached at a recent meeting of the
commission. Not being able to force the
fight on square lines in an open field Gage
waited until the recent Republican con
vention at Los Angeles, which nearly all
of the other Commissioners attended.
While they were there the Governor, slip
ping out of IjOS Angeles, went to Sacra
mento and without excuse or reason de
manded of Secretary Carrere his resigna
tion. Carrere saw what the move meant
and realized that if he made a fight to
retain his position he would draw his
friends into an ugly mess. So he resigned.
Three days ago the commission held a
meeting at Sacramento and Carrere's res
ignation was read and accepted. Before
the Commissioners had time to catch their
breath Gage announced his Democratic
Los Angelea friend for the place. There
was nothing for the members of the board
to do but "fall In" and appoint Stevens.
Governor, Attorney General Tires' L-
Ford. Secretary of State Charles F. Cur
ry. State Medical Director Hatch and Dr.
Mathews of the State Board of Health.
When the matter of throwing Carrere out
was broached there was a loud protest,
but this was silenced in the cases of those
on the commission who were the Gover
nor's appointees.
First— That a primary election be and ie
hereby called for and in the Fourth Con
gressional District of the State of Califor
nia for the election of delegates fPom the
various Assembly 'listrict? comprised in
said Conffresplonal district to the Republi
can Fmirth CxmRre-sional District Conven
tion and the Renub'.Ictn State Convention
which are to he held in the city of Sacra
mento on the 35th d»y of May.' 1300, at 2
o'clock p. m., and for the election of a
Republican Congressional Committee for the
Fourth Congressional District of Califor
nia, which committee shall consist of
Should conditions at the Kepubli
:an National Convention appear fav
:rable to the selection of a candidate
for Vice President from the Pacific
~oast we recommend that the dele
gates from this district present, -with
ais consent, the name of our Senator
n. Congress, Hon. G*orge C. Perkins.
Mr Ruef remarked that he had received
that Senator Perkins would
itand a poo<i chance of receiving the nom
nation if leading Republicans should re
lolve to nominate a man from the Pacific
" The' romrr.ittee adjourned. , to meet as a
•eturninp board next Friday evening.
Following is the text of the call adopted
jy the committee:
Whereas. The National R*rub»can Com
mittee did on the 1Mb day of December 1S99,
issuTits call ta the national Republican
elector* of the IT.ited States, in winch it di
rected that a National Convention of aeie
£Se<i rStwnftirf of the Republican
p&rtv bC held at Philadelphia, for the pur
p*,ses in *aid call named, at tttf^K* noon
on Tuesday. June 1?. VM. and <»<» njrth«
provide for the constitution cf said National
Convention, and did provide that in each
Conrie»sional district two delegate* and two
alternate .Vlegate* should be fleeted, and
CM provide !:i addition to paid Congressional
district debates that this Ftate should be.
entitled to four delegate* at larpe. to be
elected by State convention; and
Whereas. It is fay raid call provided that
the ConpreyKionnJ illstrict delegates should
b,, elected by convention called by the <-<>n
greysinnal district committee in each dis
trict in the manner ot nominating the oan
dia'ate for Representative in Congress in paid
'vA'erea's" The Republican State Committee
cf the State of CHliromla did by its call
srtopted April 6. 1&00. provide that the baei«
of representation to the Congressional Con
vention Fhall be as follows, to wit: One del
egate for each Assembly district within the
Congresslr.nal district • • • and one dele
gate for each 300 votes cast for Henry T.
Gage. Republican candidate for Governor in
3*?S. and one delecate for each fraction of
ISO vote? or over, and did further direct that
' the delegate* chosen to the Congressional
Dirtrict Convention shall meet In State
Convention at the city of Sacramento on
Tuesday, the ISth day of May. 1900. at 2
o'clock n. m.. to select four delegates at
large to" the National Republican Conven
tion and four ulternate de-leffatea to act in
rase the delegates selected be absent, for the
election of a State Central Committee and
for the transaction of such further business
as may be brought before said State Con
vention: and
Whereas, the mannner of nominating the
candidate for Representative in Congress
in the Fourth Congressional District of the
State of California has alwayi been by con
¦vr-r.tion selected at open primary election;
and
• Whereas. Tliis Congressional committee
vu duly reooirr.ized he the Republican Con
gres5ional Committee of the Fourth Con
?rresslonal District of the State of California
by the Republican National Convention and
the National Republican Convention at St.
Louis assembled in the year 1S&6. and also
thereafter by the State Central Committee
and the State Convention of the State of
Oalifornia in the year 2K»R. and Is now the
rr-rular Republican Confrressional Committee
of said dlKtrict; therefore be it
P..esolved, in arrordance with the rail of
the said Republican National Committee
bereinabove first ref<=r;-»d to. and upon the
apportionment container! in said call of the
Chairman Spear reported the result of
a conference with a sub-committee of the
Fifth Congressional District Republican
Committee, stating that the representa
tives of the Fifth declined to entertain
the proposition for a rrimary election.
A. Ruef Inquired if the gentleman who
guaranteed the Republican State Central
Committee that primaries would be held in
;he Fifth attended the conference.
"He was present," replied the chairman,
"and fald that the newspaper? did not
rorrectly report his remarks addressed to
the State Central Committee."
It is quite well known that J. Alva "tt'att
s the one that made a statement to the
State Central Committee to the effect that
primaries would be held in all the Assem-
Dlv districts of San Francisco within the
ooundaries of the Fifth District. A few
Save after the State Central Committee
adjourned Watt changed front and voted
:o appoint delegates.
Mr. Ruef said there was almost univer
sal dissent among Republicans of the
Fifth growing out of the methods adopt
ed by the committee of that district. Ke
publfcans were opposed to the principle of
•xcludi:ig the people from opportunity to
•xpress a choice in Ihe selection of dele
rates. In order that the Fourth Con
rressional District might be placed on
-ecord he submitted a call for a conven
ion. The plan presented by Mr. Kuer
icas unanimously adopted.
Mr Barnard moved that a pub-commit
tee of five be named to carry out the plan.
The motion prevailed.
Secretary Prendergast pave notice that
i room adjoining Crusader Hall had been
•reaped for the committee, and requested
•arly information as to the selection of
? A. Ruef a in*trV>duoed the following, which
ii-as readily adopted:
THE Fourth Congressional Distriot
Republican Committee met last
evening in Crusader Hall. Pythian
Castle, and ispued a call for a con
cention. In which it Is provided that dele
gates shall be chosen at open primaries.
The members of the committee are: Jo
seph S. Spear Jr.. chairman; P. H. Pren
derpast. secretary; A. Barnard. Dr. P. A.
Kearney. J. Levi Jr.. A. Ruef, William
Howe. James McCabe, Albert Houston.
R. H. Williams, Charles Metzner. J. A.
Hoey. Thomas J. I^ar.non. M. Smith. Dr.
D. Lustte. Martin Brady. J. H. Nelson and
James Snook.
Ninth— The test required at said election
in case of challenge shall be in addition to
the requirements as provided by law. as fol
lows: "I believe in Republican principles
and indorse the Republican policy and the
administration of President McKinley. and
intend to »ur>r>ort the nominees of the Re
publican party In the ensuing election."
Tenth— Said conventlcns shall respectively
have pow»r to transact all business pro
vided by the call of the Republican National
Committee and of the Republican Stat?
Central Committee and such further busi
ness as may be before them or either of
them. And this committee earnestly rec
ommends and urges all Republicans within
¦•aid Fourth Congressional District to parti
cipate in said Republican primary elections
in the general interest of Republican sue
cers. and that all Republicans unite In
their said respective districts in nominat
ing and electing such delegates to said
conventions.
Dated May 4. 1900.
Eighth— AH contests arising at or from
said election shall be heard and determined
by thin committee, and all such contests
must be filed on or before May 13. 1900. at
12 o'clock m.. at the headquarters of this
committee aforesaid, otherwise the same
fhall not be entertained and the result of
the election as announced by this commit
tee shall be final.
e'.ghtrcn member*, seven at large and one
lor each Assembly district comprised in,
said t'onrressional district, which said con
crrsFionai Committee *o elected chall hold
office tor the term of two years and there
after until the next Congressional I>istrlct
Convention shall be held in this district
under tlie call of the National Republican
Committee for a national convention «o se
lect candidates of the Republican party for
the offices of President and Vice President
of the United States. irald primary elec
tion to take place on Thursday, the 10th
day of May. ld(X'. between the hours of t
a. m and 2 p. m.
Second— That at said election there shall
he or.e polllnr place in each Assembly dis
trict In said i-'ourth Congressional District,
•which pnlllne places shall be hereafter
designated by this committee and location
thereof shall be oublished on or before
Wednesday, the 9th day of May. 1900.
Third— The officers of election at each of
said polilns places shall l>e one inspector,
two Judges and two clerks, all of whom
shall be ftcnuWican electors and residents
vt the Assembly diFtrlcts in which they are
to serve, and they shall have the same
powers and duties as similar officers at gen
eral elections. Said election officers shall
be appointed by this committee prior to May
'Fourth— All polling places shall be on the
Eround floor and in open conspicuous places.
t«her than the duly appointed office, s of
•'lection no person shall be admitted within
the polling places, except officers of the law,
unless provided with credentials duly certi
fied by the secretary and chairman of this
committee. Upon the close of the polls
and before the counting of the ballots shall
be commenced every ticket voted for at said
election shall be entitled to a representative
within the polling places in order to insure
correctness and fairness of the count. This
committee will upon application duly ac
credit said representative. For any fraud
at said election this committee may declare
void the entire election in any Assembly
district wherein said fraud shall have oc
currrd. and may thereupon order a new
election in said district, or if time will not
permit may appoint a delegation to repre
sent said Assembly district in said conven
tion.
Fifth— To secure a uniform ballot and a
fair and impartial representation all tickets
to be voted for at said election will be
printed by and under the direction of this
committee. None other will be received at
paid election. Names cf candidates and
tickets to be voted for at said election must
l.e presented to this committee on or before
Tuesday. May 8. 1S00. at 12 o'clock noon, at
its headquarters. 9U3 Market street, Kan
Francisco. Unless so presented the same
will not be considered. Nothing herein con
tainted shall be construed to prevent any
electors from voting for any candidate whose
name is not printed on gaid tickets.
t^ixth— The Assembly districts within said
Fourth Congressional District shall elect
delegate? to said convention as follows in
accordance with the call of the Republican
State Central committee hereinabove re
lerred to:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District, five del
egates. '¦
Twenty-ninth Assembly District, five del
egates.
Thirtieth Assembly District. five dele
eJ TT>lrty-first Assembly District, five dele
gates.
Thlrty-secoud Assembly District, four
delegates.
Thirty-third Assembly District, six dele-
Thirty-mnth Assembly District, seven
delegate?.
Korty-second Assembly District, six dele
gat PS.
Forty-third Assembly District, five dele-
Forty-fourth Assembly District, six dele-
Assembly District, four dele
gates.
Seventh— All returns of paid primary elec
tions shajl be made to this Congressional
Committee at Its headquarters. 909 Mar
ket rtreet. immediately upon the canvass
by the election boards of the votes cast at
paid elections. This committee shall there
upon canvass the same and declare the re
sult of said election, and shall thereafter
certify the names of the delegates elected
to represent the various Assembly districts
in said Fourth Congressional District to the
secretary of the Republican State. Central
Committee and to the Republican Fourth
Congressional District Convention, and also
to the Republican State Convention. This
committee shall accredit and issue creden
tials to all delegates elected to represent
said Assembly districts within the *ald
Fourth Crvnirressifona.1 District at the Re
publican Fourth Congressional District Con
vention and Republican State Convention,
and also to all proxies for such delegates.
E. Adet, D. L. Anderson. D. L. Anderson
Jr. F. Uolce. Mrs. F. Boice. Mlsa Bolce, P.
Borkowcky, J. II. Hone. J. C. Hols, .Mrs. J. J.
llois. Miss Cora L.. Brnwnine, W; \V. Cogs
well. Miss F. Pearl Browning, Miss E. Brown
ing, I. J. Cohen, It. M. Camnbell. Mrs. R. M.
Campbell, Miss Campbell, Miss B. Campbell,
MIes I. Campbell. T. A. Eddy and Indian serv
ant, Mrs. T. A. Kddy, Miss M. Eddy. A. Fair,
"Mrs. E. II. FulkerBon and child. Master A.
Fulkerson, Master R. Fulkereon. F. Green,
Ensign J. B. Henry, M. O. Helskeil. E. H. Rob
erts, W. Schiffmar.n, P. L. Wright. Mrs. M. M.
Winslow, A. B. Stewart and wife, Mrs. M; J.
Dickey. G. C. Potter. Mrs. R. D. Waldbrldge
and son. W. H. Hooes, Mrs. • Hooks and two
children: S. W. Wllcox and wife, K. N.Hal
stead. Mrs. Halstead, child and servant; T. It.
Keyworth. wife and daughter; A. B. Johnson,
B. A. Jacobs. Mr. Kashevnikoff, Mrs. Kashev
nikofT, Miss Krause, P. Koboldt. H. Kando. T.
Kawada, C. M. Kragh. Rev. Edgrar, I^eavitt,
Mrs. E. Leavitt, Paul Lemaire. T. LonRaworth.
P. A. M. Maurer. Mrs. LoneswoKh and two
children. Rev. T. Mural. J. E. Mathews. T.
Masaki, S. Okamoto, K. Olwa, L.. Phillip, Mrs.
P. W. Pitcher. Miss Daisy Pitcher, Master Al
bert Pitcher, Baron L. Freiherr von Peru, P.
de ItassofT. Captain J. H. Ruseell. C. R. Hawes,
Rev. K. Hirai, C. E. Hodde. Rev. S. R. Hope,
Mrs. S. E. Hope and two children; O. Struck
meyer, P. R. Thomason. A. E. , Wileman. J.
E. Bird, H. Brand, Dr. E. L. Carpenter, Miss
A. H. Parke and servant. Rev. B. C. Itob
etts. E. B. Clarke. G. P. Wilson, C. C. von
Hamm, W. Haywood. r >
The cabin passengers on the steamer
Coptic, which arrived from the Orient
Thursday night, were:
Passengers on the Coptic.
Xot more than a half-dozen of the Chi
nese native born habeas corpus cases have
been set for trial by United States Court
Commissioner Heacock. It Will be about
a week before lie will be ready to take up
any of the cases. In the meantime the
thirty-six native-born heathens will be
fed and lodged in the County Jail at the
expense of the United States Government.
for Hearing by Commissioner
Hea cock.
Only Three of Them Have Been Set
CHINESE HABEAS COEPUS CASES
THE expose of the Chinese slave traf
fic at this port by The Call has cre
ated widespread consternation
among those who have been in the
rinp or arc involved in any way In the
outrageous trade. Oflleials of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, the Oriental
and Occidental Steamship Company and
the Toyo Kaisen Kaisha have held numer
ous conferences to determine what they
shall do to escape from the consequences
of their violation of Federal laws.
Federal officials are disturbed and un
easy and fearful of what new exposures
may be made In the traffic which has dis
graced this city. The Chinese "native
sons" that have been Illegally held upon
the dock of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, some of them having been de
tained for months, are now in the County
Jail under the jurisdiction of the United
States Marshal and awaiting what dispo
sition shall be made of them by the United
States courts.
In Chinatown dismay ruled, and the
opinion is universal that The Call's expose
has destroyed the traffic. Upon the many
incidents of the day came the information
late last nisht from Washington that the
United States Treasury Department has
ordered by telegraph an immediate inves
tigation of the charges that the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company is illegally land
ing and detaining Chinese on its dock.
The Washington officials are determined
that these violations shall be stopped at
once and that the most thorough inquiry
shall be made.
The law governing the matter is abso
lutely explicit. It provides that the mas
ter of any vessel who permits a Chinese
illegally to leave the vessel upon which he
arrivs at this port shall be subject to a
line of $500 or an imprisonment of one year
for every Chinese so illegally landed.
The law also provides that any respon
sible agent of any steamship company
who aids or abets in the illegal landing
of any Chinese shall be subjected to a
fine of $1000 for every case. Every master |
of every vessel bringing Chinese to this
port swears in his manifest that his pas
sengers are Chinese. The master is pre
sumed to know of what he is speaking:,
and In his manifest he swears to his
knowledge.
It is impossible, therefore, for the re
sponsible parties In this traffic t« avoid
the consequences of what has been done
on the Pacific Mail dock. Hundreds of
Chinese have been placed in the detention
shed on the dock and have been kept there
by the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
for months. Agents of the company are
striving to create the impression that
these Chinese are not detained by the
company, but by the Collector of the Port.
This is simply another cheap subterfuge
of the agents of the guilty companies to
evade responsibility. They seem to forget
the very important fact that when law
yers secure writs of habeas corpus for
coolie citizens the writs are made return
able, not upon the Collector of the Port,
but upon the master of the vessel or the
agent of the offending company.
So autocratic and arrogant have become
these agents that when Collector of the
Port John P. Jackson hurriedly ordered
the deportation of the mob of coolies on
Thursday the agent of the company re
fused to obey the Collector's command. It
was necessary' to threaten force before
the coolies were hustled on board the ves
sel and sent out of the harbor back to
China. It is In this condition that the af
fair now rests. The Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company is stung at the loss of its
great and illegal profit in its Chinese
boarding house on the dock. The agents
of the company, if their contention wens
true, have as much right to maintain a
detention shed for Chinese in Union
square as' they have on the Pacific Mall
dock.
The steamer Coptic, with her horde of
Mongolians aboard, is still held In quar
antine by Dr. Klnyoun. The cabin pas-
Fcngers were landed yesterday, but it will
be several days before the Chinese and
Japanese are brought over from Angel
Island. There were 45S Chinese and 157
Japanese in the steerage of the vessel.
The 105 cabin passengers had a lively time
of it keeping out of their way.
Among the Mongols there are three
women, eleven boys and one infant. Of
the Chinese 27 are in transit to Vancou
ver, B. C and 1S9 are for San Francisco.
The remainder are in transit for Panama,
Mexico. Cuba and other foreign countries.
Of the 189 who come to San Francisco
two are teachers, one is a student, three
are women of no occupation, seven native
born men and twelve or fifteen are boys
coming with an uncle, a brother or a
cousin. Of the 1S6 males 171 are grocers,
two teachers, one student and- twelve
minor children, relatives of grocers.
Coolie "Citizens" Hustled by the
United States Marshal to the
County Jail Until the
Federal Courts Act.
PACIFIC MAIL UNDER FIRE
An Investigation .Has Been
Ordered by the Wash
ington Authorities.
CHINESE RING
FILLED WITH
CONSTERNATION
Resolution Is Also Adopted Indorsing United
States Senator George C Perkins for the
Nomination for Vice President.
The Fourth District Congressional
Committee Issues Call for
Primary.
REPUBLICANS TO
ELECT DELEGATES
E. O. Stevens of a Los Angeles Democratic
Paper Rewarded for Campaign Favors— Act
Denounced as Low Trickery.
Secretary J. F. Carrere Forced to
Resign From the Lunacy
GAGE PAYS MORE
POLITICAL DEBTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, MAY 5, 1900.
An "excellent concert was given by Miss
Anna'Za*trow. a young violin virtuoso," at
the Bethany Church, May 3. The violin
selections-; were a ;romanza;. sonata and
concerto' of her own composition and the
great concerto of Paganini. ." Her render
ing r displayed 'the qualities of a highly
gifted artist. Professor Vaiisi, pianist and
accompanist, played his solos : ¦with a vel
vety touch,- perfect' technique and much
feeling. Both artists were much ap
plauded • .-¦¦•.'-.¦¦. ¦ - • -
Scott Enjoins Sheehan.
Judge Cook yesterday issued an injunc
tion restraining Edward I. Shechan from
interfering with Joseph' H. Scott in the
peaceful enjoyment of the office of Tax
Collector. This injunction will stand in
full force and effect until the Supreme
Court either reverses or affirms the-de
cision handed down by Judge Seawell,de
creeing that. Scott was ineligible, he. not
having resided in this city and county five
years next preceding his election. 1
Suits for divorce have been filed by Rob
ert N. Russell against Sarah R. Russell
for desertion, Linda Anderson against
Chris Anderson for cruelty, Joseph A.
Durrenberger against Frankie L. Durren
berger for desertion, Adele M. Kepfler
against Louis C. Kepfler for infidelity and
Sophia C. Xash against Robert Nash for
failure to provide.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Ida V. Beaumont from Cecil L. Beaumont
for willful neglect. Alfred Anderson from
Mary Anderson for desertion. Dora E.
Hope from Harvey Hope for cruelty and
Emma Brelg from Edwin Breig for cru
elty and desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
To-Day and Monday
12
Eve* y Heart
hat flutters, palpitates, skips
•eats, pains or tires out easily,
ausing shortness of breath,
mothering, oppression in the
hest, bad dreams, fainting or
inking spells, is weak or dis-
ased, and treatment should not
»e postponed a single day. The
afest, best and most econom-
ral remedy for weak hearts is
D*. WKIes'
Heat t Cute,
"My heart would palpitate so that It seemed
' was going to jump out of my mouth, and
ctneme weakness with nervous sensations
ould follow these epetU. I would have slnk-
k epells when I could not speak above a
hleper. When doctors failed me Dr. Miles'
eart Cure saved my life, cured my heart trou-
e and restored my health."
MRS. EMMA HALL. Middletown. Pa.
Dr. Mile*' Heart Cure is sold at all druggists
a a positive guarantee. Write for free advice
ad booklet to
Dr. Kilcs Medical Co., Elkiart, Indiana.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Tpegial bargains
Saturday and Monday
Crossa & Blackwell's Jams — 15c
This barraln has never before been offered
by any house in the city. Regular 23c.
Best Petaluma Ranch Eggs, doz, I7ic
Finest Creamery Butter, 3 %?&" 35c
Don't delay. Now is the time to pack
Butter for the winter. Regular iOv.
Choice 5?;£ Butter, square. . -30c
Lea & Perrins' S^ffiSS -20c
Rare bargain. Resrular 23c.
Sliced ! h x ofc" Peaches, can — 10c
Choice Family Flour, 50-lb sack 80c
Take advantage. Recular 93c.
Ghirardelli's SsSS&e Cocoa 20c
Best s P o n^ Tomatoes, 4 cans- .25c
Ghirardelli's ?$ a £ M . Chocolate 25c
Rye and Bourbon Whiskey, gal $2.50
5-yeac-old. Regular J3 50.
Port, Sherry, 5 bottles $1,00
5 years old. Resular 23c.
HE/IDQI/ABTERS FOJT
CAPE WOME SUPPLIES!
We Know What You Want and How to Pack It
AT LOWESTGUT PRICES,
Send for Monthly Price List Free.
Country Orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 mites.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. "th. 'Phone S 292. No Branch Stores.
4- Room Furniture
for $9§. :;
BEttROOM— IWroom set. 7 pieces, hardwood;
1 Boot Wire -Spring. 1 good Top Mattress. 1
Pair Fillows.
PARLOR-»-5 pieces Oak or Mahogany Upnol-
*ter«"tl Set.
D1NINO-UOOM— 1 Hardwood Extension Table.
K < >.<k Chairs.
KITCHEN— X Patent Table. 1 No. 7 Stove. S
Chairs.
No extra charge on credit.
— make your own terms. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
Hale'a.
Hale'a.
Closing, out" sale :'of- $23,000 -worth of fine
shoes. Monarch Shoe Co.. 1384 Market. •
Your sideboard at home ia incomplete if It
is not stocked with Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey.
Park News free at the Park, or $1 per year by
mail. •
I "I have found your Bronchial Troohe3
most useful for lioafscucss and cold3." Prot.
L. Kicci, Queens College, Losdos, Eso. "
O2» BOSTON
Sold In boxw only— Avoid Imitations.
§9 we close at si* to-night, remember! Ea
I if your father "kept shop" §
H say twenty, fifteen or even ten years ago. and then quit and fc|
IS started in again to-day, he would be an apprentice at store- fe*a
pi keeping, so great has'bee'n the change during the past de- |*j
11 cade, folks don't buy on personality: men don t swear by y
m you and swap with you as they used to. no: buyers buy M
m " to-day where they can get what they tj>a
fa s+s\ want when they want it. and at a price KJ
m f» -•& which suits their means. Hale s prices £2
m A'-^aSKKSS. show the folly of running credit ac- m
m ycH^^^P^ 9 ° um * and prove the ccononiy ot pay " H
I look over these prices : 1
jsj lf^)^^s^ " IO P" ece s table damask, unbleached. 54 ||j
m I ¦»: %T inches wide, worth 25c yard 20c |*|
Kl-^ io P ieces tablc damask, bleached, two pj
«! J\^^7K yards wide, all pure linen, unusually pS
I /^fe^^\ gloves for Sunday ; m
m II iSr^v^^ n ladies' i-clasp— a "Dent" fac-simile — in |£|
H / I MT J\ oak. red and white, sizes S Z A to 7.$l.oo 15
*/Im [ / \ ladies' 2-clasD pique walking glove, in BS
/^/\\\-i r / \ all the staple shades, sizes 5J4 to 7 T /i.. ¥*i
f/«Ml\) \\ 1 1 >^ / our sl° ves from a dollar upward ifl
,-^vJ jj^LAx^^V / are guaranteed, fi^ed. repaired and g£a
Ml f'*^!' I I cleaned free of charge.) eS
¦ uW| hfTv ostrich feathar boas: ||
\ v \Sr^u * iv^i 1 ust * n k y cypress. 36-inch lenjrth. lonff 1^1
v !vu\\ !/ /nl>tt</ black fiber, stylish and serviceable. Ea
I / j Vi 45-inch length of the same, rich quality Bj
1 ' 7/ / I I u liberty silk stock and cascade, trimmed B
8 77 / I \ \ with narrow shirred ribbon, in pink, fc|
u II I I \ \ blue, cream, lavender and black.. $1.25 Ijj
1 / / / \ in our cloak windows we display ladies' fc^
3 / / j --— TTnT%J ""A ne ta '' or - rna de suits, in light and dark ft^
1/ / \/^^ vl TnffiC7\ ' ?ray homespun and cheviot: a stylish 1^3
»/ / "• "jsjff B^MrtAw double breasted jacket eton suit, lined Eg
fl""*Y I^s^n^^ throughout with silk, sizes 32 to 40.. E|
1 /V /xotsr-^ (special department for alterations £a
I £* / ™ in our millinery department |j$
1 we show swell dress hats for S5.OO. m
I of course this means "after easter" prices— a material reduction! jta