SAN FRAXCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
VOLUME LXXXVII— >'O. 173.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Continued on Second Page.
Continued on Second Page.
the Santa Fe. for Mr. Grant has, built
more j miles of the Santa Fe system than
any other single contractor. . His Interests
are inseparable from' those of. the Santa
Fc and those who know what is transpir
ing; believe that this s move Is'simply the
placing- of the. California 1 , and: Nevada
Railway in such hands that it cannot get
away; '_-_.'¦¦/, : '¦-- - .
The present line'" of .the California and
Nevada \ Railway runs within three-quar
ters of a mile of = the line of the Santa Fe
approaching; Point Richmond.; The right
of way and franchises of the little * road
into Oakland are. complete . and all that
would: be , necessary "Would . be > the;con
struction : of . the ;three-quarters~of > a mile
gap "and . the ' changing of the smaller road
from a narrow : to a broad gauge in order
that the Santa Fa mi»rhf. ha-arlven a Der-
•It is the general belief that the Santa
Fe system is not yet : ready ¦ to undertake
such, a; proposition," but that it has taken
this i opportunity : to ' secure the'only avail
able'terminal that: would . enable It to
reach the bay / shore from the populous
feet entrance into Oakland: _There is al
ready in existence complete plans for the
construction of a wharf and ferry system.
The wharf is partly. built and it would be
but necessary to complete these : plans to
give the Santa Fe wharf and ferry facili
ties from Oakland to San Francisco. This,
however, ; would the expenditure
of many millions of; dollars and this is
no. light thing.. even in the present day of
great corporations • and vast capltallza
tlons.^iatgrtSflBMBh^Wi/M'y'^RWS
Route by Which the Santa Fe Railroad Can Enter Oaklan 1. J
California— Plaw. « feet «'i inches; Woolsey.
40 feet
Hammer Throwing.
Princeton— Wright. 123 feet; Montgomery, US
feet.
California— Plaw. 138 feet « inches.
California's team Is in good condition,
although Hamlin complains of Indigestion
and Broughton still has a sore heel. Hoff
man has had a chance to vault only ones
during the week, as his pole did not ar
rive until Wednesday.
The weather durirg the week has been
rather disagreeable, due to cold winds and
frequent showers. If the weather prophet
in New York City is correct we will have
southerly winds to-morrow. This means
that the sprinters will have the wind at
their backs In the 100 and 220 yard dashes.
It also will help the Jumpers and pole
vaulters.
In looking at the entries with an un
prejudiced view Princeton ought to win
the games by a score of 7 to &
Pole Vault.
Princeton — Ccltman, 10 feet 11 inches; Horton.
10 feet ? Inche*.
¦ Calif ornla— Hcffman, il feet.
Shot Put.
Princeton. Wright. 33 feet; Cralgr. SI feet t
Princeton — Hutchlnson, 21 feet < inches; Von
Krusr. 20 feet 7 Inches.
California— Broughton, 23 feet 4 Inches; Wool
sey, 21 feet ( inches.
Broad Jump.
Princeton— Carroll, 6 feet 1 Inch; Curtis*, t
feet 11 Inches.
California— Hoffman. 5 feet 10 inches.
High Jump.
220-Yard Hurdle.
Princeton — Hutchlnson. 26 seconds: Wheeler
26 2-5 seconds.
California— Woolsey, 28 2-5 teconds; Hamlin.
27 seconds.
16 1-5 seconds.
California— Hamlin. IS 2-5 seconds.
¦Hutchlnson. 15 seconds; Wheeler.
120-Yard Hurdle.
88O-Yard Bun.
Princeton— Perry. 1 minute 55 3-5 seconds;
Chamberlain. 2 minutes 2 seconds.
California— Service, 2 minutes 5 seconds.
Mile Bun.
Princeton— Perry, 4 minutes 23 seconds; Cr«-
Kan. 4 minutes 23 2-5 seconds.
California — Moser, 4 minutes 40 seconds.
seconds.
52 4-5 seconds.
California— Drum. SI seconds; Cadogan, 51 1-5
BY A. M. WALSH-
Princeton— Cregan, SO 3-5 seconds; Willis,
400- Yard Dash.
200-Yard Dash.
¦ Princeton— Jarvis, 22 seconds; Smith. 22 4-5
seconds.
. California — Drum, 23 seconds; Cadogan. 23 1-5
seconds.
100-Yard Dash.
. Princeton— Jarvia, 10 seconds; Kratz, 10 !-s
seconds.
California— Drum. 10 1-5 Feconds; CadoKan.
10 2-5 seconds. WBBI
PRINCETON', N. J.. May 11.— While
the seniors of Princeton College
are chanting their college songs
on the steps of Old Nassau Cali
. fornia's sturdy athletes are snugly
tucked in their beds dreaming of
beating the Princeton sprinters. More
than once will each California man run
his race in his slumbers, because their one
thought throughout the week has been
that they will not again suffer defeat at
the hands of the Eastern collegians. The
boys are in much better condition than
they were a week ago and will give the
Princeton men a harder run than they
did the Yale men. The Tigers, like the
followers of Ell. are strong in distance
and sprints, while we rely on our men in
the field events to win the day for us.
The Princetonlans are not so confident of
winning- as was 4 Yale.
The field day will be held in the morn
ing and a ball game between Princeton
and Georgetown in the afternoon. Prince
ton arranged matters in this way because
they wanted Hutchlnson, their hurdler,
who is also center fielder on the ball team,
fresh for the field day. Jarvls. their,
sprinter, said that he would be compelled
to run in both the 100 and 220 yard dashes
'to win 1 the day.
Captain Cregan of Princeton made the
following statement this evening:
"All of my men are in the very best con
dition and I think our chance for winning
is an even one. The way I reckon is that
we will win all the runs and the high
Jump. Then, if we ¦win one of the hurdles,
we will win the \ day." •
Captain Drum of California made the
following statement:
"It is a doubtful proposition and looks
rather dubious for California. We ought
to win all the field events except the high
jump. We have a good chance in both
hurdles and a fighting chance In the quar
ter. .We will be doing well if we tie them
to-morrow."
The entries for to-morrow and the rec
ords of the men are as follows:
Special Dispatch to" The Call.
A Qreat Jtailroad
Deal Gorvsunrv
mated After
Mai\vj years of
Sckenr\ir\g ar\d
Er\dea\for.
THE Santa Fe Railroad In at Innt
In a position to enter Oakland
and to compete tvltli tin*'South
ern Pacific Company upon a
plane of abnolnte equality In a
ferry system between Oakland and
San FranclRco. A railroad - deal of
the arreatest niamlficnnce has finally
been consummated after yearn of
(•peculation, endeavor and schem
ini;.
The California and Xevada Ra.ll
vrny, which is the moat available
railway terminal directly Into the
city of Oakland, haH panned oat of
the band* of 'the helm of the late
Captain J. XV. Smith and Into the
control of A. A. Grant, one of the
original baildern of the Atchlnon,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad. Mr.
Grant In now in control of the nondn
of the rond and linn been pat in
nctnal control of the property itself
by appointment an receiver. There
In more In this than the nlmple
trannfer of n mnall bnt valuable
railway terminal, for it Is the first
Htep in the securing: of an entrance
Into Oakland by the Santa Fe Rail
road Company. The California and
Xcvada Hallway In now in a ponition
to be taken by the Santa Fe when
ever that corporation may deem it
necesnory. When thin will be done
will depend upon the outcome of
the litigation now pending over the
California and Nevada in both the
State and Federal courts.
There is much that .will have to be done
before actual possession will be taken I by
the Santa Fe people, hut they have finally
got the smaller road into a position where
they can take it when .they so desire; and
this Hr. Grant, the new receiver ¦- and
owner of the bonds, says himself. The
possession ; of the road by Mr. .Grant = is
practically equivalent to its possession by
SANTA FE HAS A RIGHT
OF WAY INTO OAKLAND
Westero Men in Good Condition
and Hopeful of Defeating Old
Nassau's Sons.
CALIFORNIANS WILL
FACE TIGERS TO-DAY
WASHINGTON. May 11.— The House to
day broke 'all records, passing 180 private
pension bills. Among them was the Sen
ate bill to pension the widow of the late
General Guy V. Henry at the rate of $100
per month. This amount was reduced by
the House to *50y At 4:45 p. m. the House
adjourned until Monday.
Pension Bills in the House.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— No dis
position has been made as yet of
the naval appropriation bill by
the Senate, but after an all-day
discussion an agreement was
reached to vote on the armor-plate sec
tion at 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
During to-day's discussion a notable
ppp«»ch was delivered by Lodge of Massa
chusetts upon the necessity of building up
the United States navy without delay. The
speech was delivered with the vigor and
«>am'-!=tness characteristic of Lodge's dis
cussion of public questions and attracted
much attention.
Dank-1 of Virginia presented an extend
ed argument in support of the immediate
construction by the Government of an
armor factory, while Allison of Iowa ap
posed the project of a Government armor
factory on the score of economy.
Speaking in opposition to the amend
ment, Lodge said that for the past three
yoars the Senators from South Carolina
and JCew Hampshire (Tillman and
Chandler) had been endeavoring to get
armor plate at a low price. The net result
cf their work had been to put a stop to
the construction of a navy. The amend
ment of Tillman. he paid, would absolute
ly stop the building of ships. He had no
prejudice against a Government armor
plart. In<3f-ed. he was not at all assured
that it wou!d not have been better in the
beginning of the construction of our navy
to erect an armor plant. To stop the
building of all ships until the armor plant
could be f-rrcted would, he thought, be a
fatal mistake.
Continuing. Lod^e said:
My reaxAr.s for <5es!r!nc more ships, and
«e*!rlnr them quickly. Is my be-lief that
the safety of the Vnltod States depends upon
the BtrenRth'rf our navy. Our Atlantic coaet
1* etu'ideil with cities from the Gulf to North
ern Maine. For th» defer.je of this great coast
line ajid then* cities we have no ad'tquate fleet.
Vi> are about to enter upon the construction
of an isthmian ra n5 j. Whether it will be bet
ter to fortify the canal or not is yet an open
question. But to control that canal, to defend
tt. to hold It open for our commerce and for
the commerce of tho world, even though It be
realnst an enemy's fleet, we mun be the naval
Tr.asim of the Caribbean Bea. We must have
a far more powerful fleet than tve have to
day. The eafety of the car.al depends upon our
fleet. All admit that the canal ought to be
bu!Jt and time is near when the work will be
l^g-un. If we are to protect the canal, as well
as our own cooet, we muet ha%e a nary pro
portionately etronc.
I hnpe and believe that we shall have no
war, but a. *reat fleet is the greatest Insurance
of peace. However, we. would be foolish, ln
fieed. if we should close our eyes to the possi
bility of the situation. V»> could never allow
BIG NAVY NEEDED
TO GUARD CANAL
Senator Lodge Pleads for More
Warships, ar>d Hirsts at Trou
ble With Germany.
t the Danish Islands to pass into any other
hands than ours. The European nation which
should undertake to take possession of those
Islands right on the road to the canal and
make them fcreat naval stations would by that
very act become an enemy of ours. W> could
submit to no such thins as that. The Monroe
doctrine Is a great protection to the United
States. Men of all parties — Democrats. Repub
licans and Populists — without distinction, ad
here to that. I am by no means sure that
some European nation (perhaps ! one whose
navy.is now receiving: euch rapid increase) may
not test the Monroe doctrine.
We may be called upon to protect that doc
trine In Brazil or in some other South American
country. I am not conjuring up fancies, but I
believe the way to preserve peace is to have
such a navy as no power in the world would
Lodge did not think there- was anybody
who did not believe in the construction
of a navy powerful enough to defend our
coast line and the Monroe doctrine. He
urged that no further obstacle should be
placed in the way of the navy's construc
tion.
In a colloquy with Lodge Tlllman said
it was well known that the navy of the
United States was superior, to that of Ger
many.
Iyodge, agreeing in part with Tillman's
statement, pointed to the great increase
that was now being made in the German
navy.
"If the Senator thinks," s*id Lodge,
"there is no danger to be apprehended, I
fear he underrates the importance of the
subject, a subject to which I have given
much thought and consideration."
Bacon of Georgia and Daniel of Virginia
favored a Government armor plate and
Elkins of West Virginia and Allison op
posed It.
Penrose of Pennsylvania offered an
amendment authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to procure the best quality of
armor for the battleships Maine, Ohio and
Missouri at $545 a ton, including royalty.
He argued against a Government plant,
baying it would lie idle much of the time
and would be Immensely expensive.
It was agreed that fjebate on the armor
plate matter should cease at 3 o'clock to
morrow and that all amendments to the
committee's proposition should then be
voted upon. The Senate at 5:40 p. m. ad
journed.
The crowd showed its first enthusiasm
over the announcement that Charley
White would referee the fight. There was
a roar of applause when he entered the
ring. There was a brief wrangle over the
bandages on Corbett's hands, but he was
finally allowed to wear them. The gloves
were quickly slipped on and in a moment
the gong clanged out loud and clear. As
the men sprang forward the spectators
were stilled to silence that was broken
only by the rattle and clatter of the tel-
changed handshakes. Jeffries looked
brown, rugged and strong. He smiled an
occasional recognition to a friend in the
crowd, but for the most part seemed seri
ous. He looked burly in his blue sweater.
Corbett was clean, white and trim. He
said he weighed more "than on the day
memorable In pugili ;m when • he • defeated
Sullivan, but he did not look it; He was
in splendid condition.
Big Boiler-Maker Knocks Out
Corbett With a Right Swing
to the Jaw in the Twenty-
Third Round.
JEFFRIES RETAIN THE
WORLD'S CHAMPIONSHIP
egraph instruments.
In the preliminary sparring Corbett
showed to wonderful advantage/ He was
panther-like on his feet and darted in and
out with confusing speed: He .whipped
his left Into Jeffries' -face and was either
inside or away fj*»-,ii the punch*.... Jeffries
kept going in.r however, but he seemed
awkward. The pace made by the cham
pion was fast and there was a yell of sat
isfaction from the admiring spectators
when the gong ended the round.
Jeffries kept on making the pace when
they were at it again, but Corbett slipped
away from him. Jeffries would try his
left in a rush, but Corbett was almost in
variably away from it. It was a superb
exhibition and there were thunders of ap
plause that at times broadened Into
cheers. Corbett was out-boxing his man
and out-pointing him with his lefts to the
face. They were both fighting carefully,
for while ' Corbett had the speed and
cleverness he found Jeffries hard to get
to. Jeffries fought in his crouching at
titude, which proved so hard for Fitzsim
mons to solve.
Jeffries' Strength Tells.
Jeffries quickly began to" use his
strength and in the clinches threw a little
of his strength upon his opponent. Cor
bett showed surprising ability against him
and it was long before the strength of
the champion began to tell. "When Cor
bett had saved the ten-round money
there was a strong change in the senti
ment toward him. and the men who had
their money on Jeffries to win began to
be somewhat dubious. Jeffries was grim
and resolute and kept ' at his man. He
knew that up to that stage of the game
he had been outpointed and his only
chance was to rush in and mix it. Cor-
JAMES J. JEFFRIES, CHAMPION PUGILIST OF THE WORLD.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW* YORK, May 11.— The World pub
lishes the following by Kid McCoy: "Cor
bett Is first in the ring, followed by little
Frank Dwyer. his mascot; then his sec
onds, George Consldlne. Billy Madden. Leo
Pardello and Gus Ruhlln. Jeffries isn't
a half minute behind him, with Billy Bra
dy. Tommy Ryan, Jack Jeffries and Ed
Dunkhorst, the human frelghtcar, In hia
corner.
Both fighters are a little pale. They
smile pleasantly when they shake hands
in the middle of the ring, and really seem
glad to see each other. They ought to bo
glad, for they are old friends. This fight
has no malice in it. It is onlv a matter
of business. They both look good, but
we can't tell quite how good they are until
they strip.
Corbett goes over to Jeff's corner with
Charley "White and all his seconds. After
a minute's talk Corbett agrees to remove
the outside layer of his elastic tape band
ages and that little difficulty is settled.
Th« men are stripping and we will have a
, chance to look at them. Jeff strips first.
He looks as big as a house. Doesn't he
look big and strong enough to grab Cor
bett with one hand and pound him to
pieces with the other? See what a differ
ence between his heavy frame and Cor
bett's. The ex-champion is modeled Ilka
a racehorse.
Jeffries isn't anything of a carthorse by
a great deal. He is more like a big, heavy
hunter with plenty of speed but not as
fast as a racehorse. He weighs 212 pounds.
He is 24 years old. Jeffries Is a perfect
model of a gladiator except that he is a
little too heavy. He stands Just a shade
under 6 feet 2 Inches in his fighting shoes
M'COY DESCRIBES THE
FIGHTERS' APPEARANCE
ered and there were more solicitous offers
for aid for him than there were congratu
lations for the man who had defeated
him. It was but natural, however, for
Corbett had made a showing that entitled
him to that consideration. His skill had
made it the best fight they had ever seen.
and their hopes had been with him from
the moment the battle shaped. Itself.
Conqueror of Sullivan Surprises
Spectators With a Brilliant
Display of All of His Old-
Time Cleverness.
CORBETT SAYS HE HAS
INU cAUUbb IO OFFER
Special Dispatch to The Call.
XEW YORK. May 11.— I thought I would win sure. I was landing my
blows in good style and surely felt I would last twenty-five rounds and
get the decision. How I got the knock-out blow I don't know. I have no rec
ollection of it landing. It must have been a corker, however, to have put
me out. I have no excuses to offer for my defeat. I think I outpointed the
champion, and, had the bout gone the limit, would have got the decision.
But it's all over now. I got beat and I am done with fighting for a
whlle - JAMES J. CORBETT.
bett kept his wits and strength and
avoided him.
To the man who loves strength and the
play of a giant athlete it was a splen
did picture. Here was youth and strength,
with a fair measure of skill, pitted
against the master of the sport. There
were cries that youth wonld win, but the
partisans of the man who possessed it had
their grave doubts. The pace was one
that would have told against any man not
perfectly prepared. By the seventeenth
round Jeffries, maddened by the danger of
marring his reputation, began a series of
desperate rushes in which he mixed it
fiercely with Corbett. He seemed angered I
by the jabbing at his face and wanted to
end it all with a swing from left or right.
Corbett had begun to show the pace, but
while his punches lacked force he was
still steady on his feet. He contented him
self with avoiding punishment. It became
simply a cuestion of how long that sort
of desperate game could be kept up.
At the twentieth round it looked as If
Corbett would stay the limit, and popu
lar judgment awarded him a victory. He
had up to that time avoided any serious
punishment. His face was unmarked
and the scratches on his shoulders and
arms were more the result of clinches
than blows. His defense was still per
fect and he was smiling and confident.
He either sidestepped from Jeffries' ter
rible rushes or ducked into clinches. Jef
fries was hammering away, however, and
was strong and game.
Cheers for the Conquered.
The end came with the suddenness of a
shock. The men had had two fierce ral
lies, followed each time by long range
sparring and were In together again.
They were both fighting fast and hard.
Suddenly there tvas a report of a sharp
blow and Corbett dropped. It needed no
count to tell that Corbett's hope for the
championship again was in vain. The ex
cited spectators sprang to their feet and
for a moment there were roars and calls.
The confusion was but momentary, how
ever, and in a silence' that was most re
markable, the fallen fighter was carried
to his corner. Some one called for cheers
for Jeffrie3, but the almost sullen crowd
refused to give them. Then, a moment
later, when a friend of Corbett put the
question a thousand re-echoed a kindly
response. It was in the corner of the de
feated man, too, that the crowd gath-
inches.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
JEFFRIES SURPRISED BY
HIS OPPONENT'S SHOWING
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NTETvT YORK. May 11.— Corbetfs work was a revelation to me. He never
fought better in his life. He was very fast and that may have made me
appear at a disadvantage; but I got the money, and that's the main thing.
They can all criticize my style of fighting— say that I am a carthorse and
all that sort of thing — but nor.e of them I have met beat me, so I can't be
such a bad fighter. I knew Corbett was a clever fighter and recognized the
fact that I would have to land a knock-out. I looked for an opportunity to
get home that blow. It came in the twenty-third round and gave me the
fight.
I'll admit that my left hand is not so good as it used to be. Had Cor
bett employed the same tactics in his light against Fitzsimmons he would
never have lost the championship to Lanky Bob. He fought me with the idea
of staying the limit. He sprinted a lot and that made it hard for me to
reach him. JAMES J. JEFFRIES.
/-> EASIDE CLUB. Coney Island. N. i
I T.. May 11.— In the fastest, prettiest j
and closest heavyweight ring battle j
. i ever fought in New York, James J. j
*"*-^ Jeffries .has reaffirmed his right to I
the championship. In the arena of the j
.Seaside Sporting Club to-night he decis- j
lvely defeated James J. Corbett, once j
champion of the world himself, after ;
twenty-three rounds of scientific fighting, j
It was a clean knockout that came so
quickly that it dazed the thousands of
keen, alert, intent spectators and left
them in doubt as to just how the winning
blow was delivered. It ¦was avowed that
Jt was a lefthand jolt to the Jaw, but
Jeffries himself and Referee Charles
"White, who stood at his side, say it was
a righthar.d swing.
There is credit for the victor and credit
for the vanquished In this cleverest of
ring battles. Jeffries must be awarded
the laurels of victory, yet his opponent
Is entitled to honor for his wonderful
fight. That feature of the contest stands
out Sn relief as the most striking one of
the battle.
Corbett emerged from a year's retire-
Taent from the ring rejuvenated and
fresh. He was fast and clever as back in
the days when people marveled at hip
ekill. His footwork was wonderful and
his defer.se perfect. He outboxed his
man et both long and short range, and.
It he had had the strength necessary,
would have gained an easy victory. A
hundred times he ducked under left
swings that would have ended him Just
as did the punch that knocked him out.
At times he made the massive Jim look
like a beginner in the art of offense and
defense with the hands. His strategy
was to Jab and get away. and. when Jef
fries Ftood over his quivering form, the
champion's face showed the marks of the
punishment the defeated man had In
flicted.
Crowd Was "With Corbett.
Corbett went down to a defeat that was
regretted by the vast majority of the men
who filled the hall. The money wfis
against him. but he had a wealth of sym
pathy. It was probably his natural herit
age as the short-ender before the battle
began, but he won more support by his
display of speed and skill.
Jeffries won with his strength— both that
strength that lies in the power of massive J
muscle, and that strength which is the
essence of vitality. He made the pace for
most of the distance anil at the end was
still strong and effective. At llrst glance
the battle may seem to detract a trifle
from his reputation, for It showed that
a fast man could reach him and get away
without a return. If that fighter of the
future- happens to be strong and rugged
in addition to being fast he will take the
honors from the man who to-night left
the ring, exultant in victory.
It Is improbable that there was ever a
more orderly affair under the Horton law.
There was order in the assembling and
handling- of the great crowd and order in
the contest. The small army of police
present was taskless and the contestants
themselves neither wrangled nor quar
reled throughout the evening.
The crowd gathered slowly. At 6 p. m.
scarcely 2000 persons entered the
arena. It was late before there was color
or life in the crowd. There was but little
betting on the outcome of the battle. In
the small sums played Jeffries was a clear
favorite at odds of two to one. These
odds veered at different times and differ
ent places during the evening, but five to
to two was probably the highest and five
to three the lowest offered. A favorite
bet was that Corbett would last ten
rounds, and the men who had a true line
on the former champion's condition reaped
well for their knowledge. There was de
cidedly more Jeffries than Corbett money
offered, but there never was at any time
any activity In the betting.
Appearance of the Men.
The reception of the men at the ring
side was warm but not demonstrative.
The men and their seconds came almost
together, and they and their seconds ex-LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 1L— Results at
Churchill Downs:
Four furlonft*. sell I nar— Oscar won, Ep second,
The Auditor third. Time. :43.
Seven furlongs — Cnslghtly won, Etta second.
Anthracite third. Time, 1:23.
Six rurlonK*. handicap — Tragedy won. Bangle,
fecond, Foneda third. Time. 1:13*;.
Mile, selling— Commonwealth's Attorney won,
Indian second, George B. Cox third. Time,
IM%. •. . -
Four and a half furlonsrs— Box Baker won.
His Eminence second. The Conqueror third:
Mile. Veiling— Three Bars won. Hurricane sec
ond, Clara Meader third.. Time, 1:1L
CHICAGO. May 1L— Weather clear and
track fast at lakeside. Results: '
Four furlong* — Money Mu?k won, Battus sec
ond. Bocmerack third. Time, :49>4.
Seven furlongs, eel ling— Dutch Comedian won.
Insurrection second. Microscope third. Time,
Six furJorg*— Alpaca won. Sam Fullen second,
Roea Dean third. Ttme.-1 :»*£¦'. •
- MUe— Cariboo, won. Hub Prather . second,
Preetar third. Time, IMS. • .
. Five furlongs, selling— Dandy Jim won. Icon
second, Benson Caldwell third. Time, 1:03. . ,
Mile. peliing-Astor won, Rollins second, Tll-
Ile \V third. Time. 1:45^».
McFadden Fights a Draw.
NEW YORK, May 11.— At the Hercules
Athletic Club Kid McFadden of San Fran
cisco and Eugene Garcia* of Brooklyn
fought, a draw of fifteen rounds at il8
pounds."
Griffo Fights a Draw.
CHICAGO. May 1L— Young Griffo
fouerht Btx fast rounds to a draw with
Jack Lewis to-night. --; •*";<
NEW YORK, May 11.— The following is
the story of the Jeffrles-Corbett cham
pionship fight by rounds:
First Round.
Jeffries forced Corbett with Corbett break-
Ing eround and sprinting. He forced Corbett
to the ropes, landing a right on. the body. Cor
bett sent a hard left to the face and Jeffries
landed a light left. Corbett, shifty and break
ing ground, hooked a left to the nose. He kept
up his sprinting and sent another left to Jeff's
head. Jeffries tried left and right, but Cor
bett blocked cleverly and hooked another left
to the face. Corbett backed away and tantal
ized his opponent by his clever movements.
Corbett hooked a left to the face. Jeffries then
sent a right to the body and Corbett countered
with a left on the head. This was Corbett's
round on cointp.
Second Bound.
Corbett was the quicker on his feet and land-
Fd a left on the Jaw. Jeffries sent Corbett's
head back with a left punch, but Corbett
straightened quickly and backed away. Corbett
kept up his sprinting and hooked another left
to the face, but Jeffries got back with a hard
right on the body. Corbetfs foot work was a
puzzle to the champion, but Jeffries kept crowd-
Ing in and landed a left on the. body, which
made Corbett more cautious. Corbett's foot
work was wonderful. Jeffries led a left for the
head,, but Corbett crossed -with a riijht which
sent the champion's head back. Corbett made
good work of his legs and danced away from
his opponent until the end of the round.
Third Bound.
Fourth Bound.
Corbett again the quicker on : the feet. He
hooked a light left to Jeffrips" head. Jeffries,
was cool and deliberate In his movements. He
guarded his face cautiously and forced Corbett
to make four circles of the ring. Corbett feinted
with his left, but did not land and Jeffries sent
ripht and left to the body. Corbett tried twice
with his left for the body, but missed, and then
they exchanged light lefts on the head. Cor
bett feinted again, but Jeffries blocked and
sent a hard left to the body, driving Corbett to
the ropes. Corbett endeavored to feint Jeffries
out of position, but got a right on the body for
his pains. With a quick movement Corbetl
spnutg Into his own corner, where Jeffries
caught him, sending a stiff left to the ribs Just
as the gong rang.
They rushed to a clinch, after which Jeffries
hooked a left to the head. Corbett tried a
right for the body, but fell short. Jeffries sent
his right over to the head. They sparred for
a time, with Corbett breaking ground, and
then Jeffries forced Corbett to the ropes, send
ing his left to the body. A moment later he
repeated this blow and Corbett looked worried.
At close quarters Jeffries put his right to the
head and as they broke he came back quickly
with a right to the body. Then a right and
left from Jeffries to the head jarred Corbett.
Jeffries followed this up with another terrific
left on the neck and Corbett was very tired
when the bell ran*:.
Fifth Round.
Sixth Bound.
Corbett resumed the contest with evident
r»lfsh, but he was very anxious withal. Jef
fries got at him at. close quarters with a' light
left to the body and Corbett ' failed to reply.
Corbett feinted with' his right, but Jeffries
called the bluff and hooked his left to the
body. Corbett sparred cleverly,, sending his
left to the body, and, after a little shifty
work, hooked his left twice to the head. Jet
fries attempted a left hook for the Jaw. but
Corbett ducked It and sent another left to the
jaw. Jeffries then crowded In and rushed Jim
to the ropes, putting his left hard to the body.
Jeffries forced the fighting and sent his left to
the face and body .with telling: effect just before
the bell sounded.* . ' • :
Corbett sprang to the center of the ring:, but
Jeffries was ready, for him. t'Don't let him get
set," said George Consldlne. "Watch him,
Jlra; ; he can't hit you In a week." A second
later Jeffries led a straight left' to the face.
Ccrbett made- an Ineffectual ' try for the head.
Three clinches followed, with the honors In
Jeffries' favor, and Corfcett was compelled to
shift continually to avoid the champion's leads.
Corbett used his legs for safety to the end of
the round without having scored a semblance of.
a blow. ; " -.-.¦¦ ";.
Seventh Bound.
They rushed to a clinch.' ' Jeffries got a light
left on the wind. Again they went to a clinch,
and In the break Jeffries threw, his left* over
to the ribe. Corbett played for the body, but
Jeffries called him' and blocked neatly. Jeffries
tried a left lead to " the head, which Corbett
duclced. beautifully.' but Jeffries was hard after
htm and sent right : and left smashes . to the
body which almost sent t Corbett off , his feet.
Jeffries then got wild, swinging both hands to
the body, and Corbett ' sprinted i to ' avoid ¦ pun
ishment. Jeffries- landed, left and right* on » the
body and . Corbett, after jumping back, ran
Into a straight left on the face. The. round
Corbett was, the ; aggressor, sending I his. left
twice to the face. ' Jeffries; rushed, driving u
pile-driving right for: the body,"* which ; Corbett
blocked cleverly. :. Then ; Corbett , hooked - a - left
to the neck,- while -Jeffries tried wtld""SWngs-.f<jr
the head. Jeffries bored in, but Corbett dusked
Both were fast In answering the gong, each
leading a left, but they failed to land and a
clinch followed. In a breakaway Corbett ' tried
to send his right over, .'but 'Jeffries dodged it.
Then . Corbett sent two > straight . lefts . to the
mouth and Jeffries responded with hard lefts to
the body. Jeffries sent a .back-hand, left smash
on Corbetfs face and Corbett retaliated* with
a straight lert to the nose. Jeffries bled freel/
from the nose and Cnrbett sent two more lefts
to that organ. Corbett had the call at the end
of the" round. . ;_ : -.;¦ . , -
Fifteenth Bound.
Fourteenth Bound.
•Both were careful. '.' Jeffries tried his left half
a : dozen times, - but • Corbett got out of range.
Jeffries tried his right again. to the head, but
Corbett shifted inside of. the lead and clinched.
Jeffries hooked his left to the neck and ruMied
Corbett , to - the ' ropes. Corbett • ¦' came ¦ back
quickly and they clinched twice, doing no In-
Jury. ' Jeffries made a bull rush," sending' his
left to the body and his right to the head, put
ting Corhett to the.ropeB and staggering film;
Jeffries crowded in and forced the pace, . which
was evidently. too hot for Corbett and the sons?
sounded none too soon.: :;-•'¦ :
Thirteenth Bound.
Even money: Is now the betting. Jeffries
started out with a left hpok to the head, but
Corbett ducked it and a clinch followed. They
clinched three times without a blow. Jeffrle3
got a right to the body and a left to the, chest.
Corbett hooking a straight left to the face. In
a"breakaway Jeffries tried a right right swing,
but failed to land, and Corbett led twice to the
face without a return. Jeffries assumed a more
crouching position' than that which he usually
assumes, but Corbett straightened him up with
a right on the nose and a left on the nose,
which brovght the blood more freely. In a
break from a clinch Jeffries crossed a right to
the head and at the close of the round Corbett
put a light left -to 'ihe chest.
Twelfth Bound.
Eleventh Bound.
Corbett led with his left* to the head . and
ducked the return. Again he hooked to the
head and countered Jeffries' left to the body.
Quick hs lightning Corbett sent right and left
to the face and *iad the big fellow guessing.
Ccrbett kept forcing, and with another left to
the nose made the boilermaker'a nasal organ
bleed profusely. Jeffries was^very wild, swing
ing at random," While Corbett kept landing hard
left-hand Jabs on the neck and face. Jeffries
made several, rushep, but. to no purpose, and
Corbett' « srtock went" booming. Corbett was
loudly cherredat the end of the round.
Eleventh Round.
Corbett opened with the left to the body, and
Jeffries rushed him to the corner but failed to
land effectively. He tried a left swing for Cor
btt's head, but Corbett dodged It and sent right
and lelt to the body. Corbett Bent two left
jabs to JeffrieR" mouth, drawing the blood from
the champion's lips. Jeffries seemed to -be
rattled at this stage,, and Corbett found no dif
ficulty, in getting his left to the face. Jeffries
tried several left swings, but Corbett got under
them and hooked' his right hard to the body
twice. Jeffries jabbed Corbett on the Jaw. Cor
bett did not seem dazed by this blow, and
walked to his corner smiling.
Tenth Bound.
Both led lefts for the head. Corbett hooked
his left to the. head and swung his right to the
jaw. 6taggerlng Jeffries. Corbett followed up
with another right swing to the Jaw, but it
was not so hard as the previous one. Corbett
came in with a left to the body and in the
breakaway swung a terrific right to the Jaw
which made JefTries look groggy. Corbett, see
ing his advantage, put his left and right quickly
to the head and hooked another hard left to the
jaw. Jeffries sent back a hard left swing to
the head. Corbett was the cleverer In the ex
changes which followed, and he landed his left
with provoking regularity on Jeffries' face, much
to the latter's detriment. This was certainly
Corbetfa round and the best round thus far,
Ninth Bound.
Corbett rushed in with a left to the body,
which was blocked, and Jeffries forced him to
the ropes with a right smash to the chest.
Corbett hooked his left to the head, and Jef
frlsfs countered to the stomach. Corbett hooked
a left to the head and got away clean. Jewries
made a bull rush, sending his left to the wind
without a return. Jeffries kept on forcing, but
was very wild In his delivery, as he missed
three left hooks for the head. Corbett dodged
all three In the smartest manner. Jeffries kept
on forcing the pace and landed his left on the
neck, Corbett countering with a right hook to
the head. Corbett stepped In and got in a cork
ing good right to the ribs and ducked Jeffries
counter. The bell found them sparring.
Eighth Bound.
was altogether in Jeffries' favor and Corbett
seemed to be weakening at the close.
- ¦'„". j ¦/; Twenty-Third Bound. .
After a couple of passes Jeffries swung' bis
•Jeffries rushed madly, putting hl» left to the
head and right to the body. Corbett backed
away without returning a blow.- Jeffries.' still
forcing." made Corbett . go i to the limit ; of the
rlnc • and . pent a. hard left to the neck. Asain
Jeffries sent his left to the neck, but Corbett.
iu shifting, allowed Jeffries' elbow to get under
his chin. Jeffries made a wild awing for the
head, but Corbett threw his left hard, to -the
ribs ; and ' evaded the •: blow. In elilestepnlnz
Corbett outgeneraled the champion, but Jeffries
put a -left', to the head and a right to the jaw
and- followed ; with - a left on the . body 'that
Jarrfd Jim - considerably.' Jeffries was very
stronsr at ; the < end of the round, while Corbett
seemed to be 'weakening.
Twenty-Second Bound.
; : Twenty-First Bound.
. Corbett opened with a left on the face. Jef
fries rushed him into a corner.- where Corbett
slipped' and evaded a right swing for the head.
Jeffrlea kept boring - In. but Corbett met him
at : every turn, blocking : cleverly. Corbett
hooked a right to the stomach and - Jeffries
sent two lefts to the- head. Jeffries jabbed his
left hard 'on 'the chest and hooked to the face.
Corbett 1 countering with his right to the ear.
At close : quarters Jeffries led- a right to> the
head * and in ¦: the . clinch which followed - lay
heavily . on his opponent. , In . the breakaway
Corbett landed a. right On the head and sprinted
to the ropes, where another clinch ensued with
out any;harm being: done. . ,
Jeffrien rushed at his man like a mad bull,
but Corbett sidestepped and " sprinted out of
harm's way, sending a straight left to the
ribs as he went. Jeffries rushed again, but
Corbett got Inside his lead and fooled him. He
threw his body against the champion's cliest
and blocked every blow. Corbett stepped to
either side every time Jeffries tried to land
and dodged two hard- left swings. Jeffrlea
succeeded in landing a left on the necka Cor
bett countering on the 'ribs. Corbetfs foot
work was extremely I clever In this round, and
he'surprised everybody who watched him. Jef
fries seemed disgruntled at not helng able to
land a telling blow.
Twentieth Bound.
. Jeffries tried two lefts for the body, but they
were blocked. Then Jeffries hooked his left to
the head and Corbett sont back a left BWlng to
the jaw. Jeffries rushed and forced Corbett
to the ropes, sending a left to the body and
a right to the neck. Jeffries knocked Corbett
to the floor with a right smash to the ear.
Corbett got up like a flash, as If the fall had
not taken any of the steam out of him. Jef
fries kept crowding in, using his left to the
ribs and neck. Corbett countered with a
straight left jab to the face. In a clinch Jef
fries sent his right twice- to the kidneys, and
had all the better of the round at the close.
Nineteenth Round.
They went to a- clinch without landing a
blow. Corbett hooked his left to the jaw and
blocked Jeffries" return for the body. Corbett
hooked a hard left to the jaw, but was not
so fortunate In escaping, as Jeffries put a
hard left on the chest. Jeffries tried his right
for the face, but only landed with his forearm
on the chin, and there were cries of "Look
out for that elbow." Then Jeffries hooked his
left to the head and Corbett drove his right
hard to the ribs. • Corbett hooked his left to
the face and blocked Jeffries' counter for the
body, kpppinsr the big fellow at arm's length
until the round was over.
Eighteenth Bound.
Corbett ran Into a left smash on the face,
but countered with a hard - left on the ear.
Jeffries looked desperate and rushed Corbett
like a wild man. Corbett met his rushes with
left Jabs to the face, and the best that Jeffries
sent back was a right to the rlbn. Coming to
close quarters. Corbett drove his right to the
body and hooked his left to the face. Jeffries
landed a left on the body and then drove his
right hard for the chest, but Corbett blocked
the blow. A h&rd left on the body from Jef
fries almost took Corbett off his feet, but
he held on pluckily and stepped around out of
danxer when it looked as if he would be
bound to lose. This was Jeffries' round.
Seventeenth Hound.
Corbett was up on his toes at the call ut
time and sent his left • to Jeffries' body. He
hooked a light left to Jeffries' face, but re
ceived a hard setback on the body from Jeffries'
right. Corbett jumped around as ¦ lively as a
cricket, and, when Jeffries missed - a right
swing, he landed left and right on Jeffries'
face. In a breakaway Jeffries put his right
to. the ear, but, Corbett countered on the body.
At the close of the round Jeffries Hooked a right
to the side of the head and the referee was sep
arating them from a clinch when the bell
rang.
beautifully. At the close Corbett tried to evade
a loft lead for the head and slipped; but, al
.though the blow landed, he recovered, *ntl stood
uprlKht when It looked as if he should have
gone to the floor. Corbett's work was wonder
ful and the Jeffries people looked worried.
Sixteenth Bound.
TECHNICAL ACCOUNT OF
THE FIGHT BY ROUNDS
Since then the next step in the deal has
been made and Mr., Grant has. secured the
control of Charles IL Smith's bonds.
These are but the first steps in the
transfer of the little railroad to the Santa
Fe system. The foreclosure proceedings,
the litigation a? .to the validity of the
various bond holdings and the several
different suits now pending will all have
to be settled before any final transfer
can be made, but the California & Ne
vada Railway Is now in a position to be
taken by the Santa Fe system whenever
that system deems that the proper time
for absorption has ccme.
Those who know the relations that ex
ist between A. A. Grant arid the Santa
Fe road know that the possession of the
California & Nevada Railway bonds by
Grant is equivalent to "their possession
by the Santa Fe Railway system itself.
Mr. Grant was the contractor who built
nearly all of the Atlantic & Pacific Rail
way and a large portion of the mileage
of the. Santa F k e system in Southern Cali
fornia. He is a man of large fortune and
influence in the railway world, and his
associations with the Santa Fc Railroad
are so close as to leave no doubt as to
what his possession of the California &
Nevada Railway bonds may mean. Mr.
Grant, -with true railroad forethought, de
nies that the Santa Fe has taken actual
possession of the California & Nevada
Railroad, but dees not deny that posses
sion can be taken whenever the settle
ment of the pending litigation and. other
circumstances warrant. Mr. Grant said
yesterday: . ; ,
"The California & Nevada Railway has
beep xo much talked about that even
the children ort. the streets of Oakland
discuss its value and its future. *It is un
doubtedly a valuable terminal property,
bu^ it has not yet been absorbed by the
Santa Fe Railroad Company. What might
happen. 1 cannot say. It Is true that I
have taken the position of receiver of the
road, but I do not think that that has
any special signification. I am not oper
ating the railroad and am doing nothing
but awaiting tho result of pending litiga
tion. It Is true that negotiations have been
pending with the Santa Fe Railroad, but
it is obvious that no conclusion can be
reached until the title to the road is set 1
tied. Nothing will be oi- Can be done until
the court renders Ita decision. That will
settle the exact question of title, and until
then no more can be done. There are
many things that may develop, and I am
not prophet enough to make predictions.
I think that the Santa Fe system can
get the road when It wants It."
center of Oakland, and that this terminal
will be held in the name ,>f its .former
< omractnr. Sir. Orann until Fuch time as
it majvdesire »o utilize it. t
The <>liforni* ;aad Nevada Railway has
'*«n the m'>*t talked about road for it*
Fizt-in. the; Staf!. More miles of matter
hav*- beer, written about this line than
there. are milee of rails to the road, but
a point has heen reached in 'its history
•where speculation will <-ease. I>es? than
twenty miles In length, this road com
mands the northern approach to the city
r>f Oakland, and in that fact liesuhc value
of ihe property^ It is little more than a
rinht-of way. but that right of way i?
something that is very necessary t<* the
Santa. Fe system, which has reached
within <-ig!-.t mites of Oakland.
Fifteen years ujro the * California and
Nevada Railway Company was incorpo
rated by pumc local capitalists to build
fr<«m Oakland into the Sonora and Bodie
mining district*. But a few miles of the
road vi ere constructed when Captain J.
W. Smith, a Denver capitalist of great
wealth, took an interest in the project,
i'aptain Smith paw the value of the road
as h f-rminus for an overland system and
undertook to construct a section of the
road, taking in payment tho bonds issued
by the company. In this way the road
was built to the town of San Pablo and
th»<nee up the San Pablo Creek Canyon to
the litlle settlement of Orinda Park.
Hut the realization of Captain Smith's
dream? of pppculation was much slower
Jhan hf had anticipated. While the Cali
fornia and Nevada Railway had an excel-,
lent terminus, there were no buyers. For
a whUe «"aptain Smith operated the road
with a daily train in each direction, but as
The captain was obliged to supply the ope
rating expanses out of his own pocket.
«-ven this ceased in time and it became a
•tending joke that the California and Ne
vada Railway was but two streaks of rust
ua a right of ray.
¦ So the railroad that was to make the
California and Nevada its terminus never
came, and Captain Smith died in Oakland
awaiting the realization of his expecta
tions.
Captain J. W. Smith was succeeded in
the management of his estate by his son,
Charles H. Smith, and the son found the
sffairs of the California and Nevada in a
rery tangled condition. He found that F.
M. Smith, who has since secured control
Of nearly all of the Ptreet railways of
Oakland, had secured a lease of the prop
erty. Under this lease Mr. Smith had
operated the road for a short time, and
he had enlisted the support of the stock
holders of the road as against the' bonded
interests of the Smith estate. He found
also that th<* stockholders and directors
of the company had issued additional
l»onds to thi» extent of about $2W.000 for
**»rvlc«*s which they claimed to have ren
ri'-red the railroad. All of this consti
tuted an additional lien upon the property
nnd rfducf-d thft value of the original
i'aptain Smith bonds.
Thf» first move made by Charles H.
Fmith was to throm- his railroad Into the
*an<1s of '? a receiver. J To do this he
lirougM f&recloenre proceedings in the
court*. In. this, foreclosure suit
li«? assorted the locality of only his bonds,
.amounting In number to three hundred.
Tr,* other two hundred and fifty bonds
/•laimed by the officers of. the company
iin<l the former lessee he asserted to be
jliegal and void in that they had been Is-
V'.i'-d without proper compensation being 1
made to the road. This di-ew the fire of
ihe holders of the bonds whose legality
W attacked. They replied In a counter
puit asking that all of the bonds, includ
ing th*>ir two hundred and fifty, be fore
closed upon the property, but Charles H.
€mlth secured the advantage and named
the receiver in the person of C. K. King
tsf Oakland, the former superintendent of
jh* road.
, For several years the little road has
been involved in this extensive litigation.
Vlany proceedings of many kinds have
been had smd.mucft bitterness has. been
engendered. Charpes of fraud neve been
freely mafle on both £ides and the docu
fnents in the various suits are filled with
allegations of fraud and illegal actions.
' It has been this Involved litigation that
has done much to injure the pale of the
road. Possible purchasers have been un
certain with which t-Ide to negotiate and
have never known whether they woulS
focure the road by the purchase of the
.Smith estate interests or whether they
would be compelled to recornire the ad
ditional two hundred and fifty bonds. The
trial of the foreclosure proceedings has
been had and the case has been submitted
to Commissioner Hracock of the Federal
r-ourt. and a decision Is expected at any
time.
As thes« proceedings reached conclusion
A, A. Grant made his appearance upon
the fcene In an active capacity. Mr. Grant
was the holder of a very few bonds, the
validity of which were nev*>r questioned.
He threw his Influence with Charles H.
Smith and then the first Indication of th
<3eal which lias since been consummated
was isiven. Mr. Grant was appointed re
reiver of th« road, succeeding C. K. King.
SANTA FE HAS
RIGHT OF WAY
INTO OAKLAND
Cnntinued frojn First P*ge.
rear and flank of-his • force.
"The only, casualties reported at present
are: Killed, rank and tile, 4; wounded,
5. No returns yet received from the cav
alry nor Hamilton's force." . -
BULLER IS MOVING
FROM ELANDS LAAGTE
LONDON, May 11.— According to a Pre
toria telegram. General Bullcr is moving
from .'Elands Laagte in the direction of
HHpmakaar, and the British vanguard
engaged a Boer patrol'.- of Italians on
Thursday. Twelve Italians are reported
as routing fifty British. The dispatch also
says that British reconnoitering parties
have Invaded the Transvaal near Four
tt-en Streams and that the scouts on both
sides meet frequently with varying re
sults.. - , .
FREE STATERS CONCENTRATING
MASERU, Basutoland, May 10.— Free
Staters are concentrating strongly on a
pood position on the Korannoberg hills
lying eastward of the direct line of the
Thaba Nchu to Winburg. President
Steyn • was with them yesterday, but is
believed to have gone northward after
Inspiring the burghers with predictions
of approaching Boer success through the
contraband has been referred back to Lis
bon.
ROBERTS TELLS HOW
HE CROSSED THE ZAND
LONDON, May 11.— Lord Roberts tele
graphs to the War Office from Rietspruit,
under date of May 10. evening, as follows:
"We have had a successful day and have
driven the enemy from point to point.
French, with Porter's and Dickson's brig
ades of cavalry and Huttcn's mounted in
fantry, crossed the Zand at, Vermentens
Kraal and then worked round in a north
easterly direction to Maatschappy, being
opposed continuously by the enemy. Pole-
Carew's division and Bordon's cavalry
brigade, augmented by I 1 " Battery of the
Royal Horse Artillery, and by Henry's
and Ross' mounted infantry, crossed the
river by a drift near the railway bridge.
My quarters accompanied this force.
With the infantry portion we are eight
miles north of the river. The cavalry anJ
mounted infantry are at Ventersburg
road station, and Tucker's division is at
Deelfonteinnord. Ian Hamilton's forces
and Broadwood'.« cavalry brigade were
making for the cross roads near Venters
burg when I last heard from them. Ham
ilton's column met with stubborn resist
ance, and Smith-Dorrien's brigade was
engaged. for some hours in protecting the
KRUGER'S VEHEMENCE.
CAPE TOWN, May 11.— At the closing
of tho Volsraad Monday^May 7, President
Kruger eriod out: "Gotrof the Volksraad,,
shall this bo the final act? No! It sh^U
not! God will bo merciful and strengthen
the right. Ours is the right!"
The President added that he had docu
mentary proofs of a devilish conspiracy
to annihilate the republics.
BOERS ARE PUZZLED.
MASERU. Basutoland. May 11.— British
forces from Thaba Nchu under General
Bundle and General Brabant are reported
assistance of thousands of foreigners who
he said were pouring into Delagoa Bay.
General Rundle's division camped last
evening- on the banks of the Little Liuw
Rivor, between Thaba Nchu and Lady
brand.
SHOT A BOER PRISONER.
JAMESTOWN, St. Helena, May 11.—
Tuesday night one of the guards shot a
Boer prisoner as he was attempting to
escape over the boundary fence. The
sentry challenged the prisoner, but re
ceived no reply and then fired. The mat
ter is being investigated by a court-mar
tial.
LONDON. May 11.— The Txnirenzo Mar
quez correspondent of the Times, tele
graphing Friday, says: The discussion in
the Volksraad concerning: the pale of un
dermining rights caused an exciting scene.
President Kruger said the money was
wanted for the purpose of war. Members
retorted that this statement conflicted
with the declaration In the Presidential
speech that there were ample funds for
prosecuting tho war, and they accused the
Government of squandering money. Final
ly Kruger quitted the chamber in a fit of
passion, declaring that he had done his
duty and that he washed his hands of the
whole business.
OOM PAUL'S ANGER.
ACCRA. .Gold Coast. May 11.— Serious
reports are current that the Ashantis are
determined to throw off the British yoke:
that they have* secured the co-operation
of eight other tribes and that they are
now able to raise Sfi.OOy warriors.
TO THROW OFF BRITISH YOKE.
to have advanced toward Colocan and
Platsbcrs. A large commando of Boers
has returned from tho Korrannoberg hills
and is in readiness to meet the British,
but the Boers are puzzled to know by
which route the British will appear.
right to Corbett's jaw and then rushed him
across the rin& to the ropes In a neutral cor
ner. At close quarters Corbett. hooked his left
twice to the face, sending the blood spurtlns
again from Jeffries' no*e. Jeffries then put
two hard lefts Into the body and smashed his
left again on Corbett's face, sending Corbetfa
head back. Then Jeffries crowded him to the
ropes and with a full, swinging light smash on
the jaw pent Corbett reeling down and out.
Corbett's head struck the floor heavily and he
rolled over in a vain attempt to regain his
feet, but be was too far gone to recuperate
within the call of time of- ten seconds.
Corbett lay like a log. rolling over twice on
the rine floor, but a moment after Referee
White had counted him out lie was able to re
*ain his feet and the seconds had little diffl-»
culty In reviving him. Time of round, 2 min
utes and H seconds.
JEFFRIES RETAINS
THE CHAMPIONSHIP
Continued from First Page.
The mutuels at Harry Corbett's pairt
$16.40 for each dollar invested. For onca
the wise division was all at sea. as a
glance at the figures on the mutuel board
shows. The majority of the bettors
thought Jeffries must win before thirteen
rounds had, been fought. They overlook
ed the later rounds of the fight entirely,
hence the big returns on the amount In
vested. The tickets sold were as follows:
Jeffries. Rounds. Cotbett.
1320 1- 7. \m
1507 , 8-13 217
822 14-1S 1M
32S 19-33 IV.
C66 24-over 57*
Although betting on the . Corbett-Jef
fries fight was light fn this city, when
compared with previous heavyweight
contests, the meeting of the two Califor
nians attracted widespread attention.
The streets were • thronged with men
eager to learn the outcome. Market
street was blockaded to such an extent
as to bring the cable cars to & stop. The
various poolrooms were packed with men.
Before the men entered the ring Jef
fries was favorite at odds of 10 to ZY 3 . As
the reports came over the wire telling of
the brilliant showing made by Corbett
the latter gained in favor. He picked up
gradually until he was at even money
with the champion.
LOCAL BETTORS WERE
SOMEWHAT AT SEA
VALL.EJO. May. 11.— Vallejo's coming
fair Is an assured success. Premium lists
for prize exhibits of stock and products
are prepared. There will be a race meet-
Ing during fair week, and purses amount
ing to J10.00O will be placed. Honest racing
will be assured, the Speed Association
having joined the National Trotting Asso
ciation. All gambling will be regulated
by the State law. and none will be per
mitted on the fair grounds. Many prizes
will bo offered in a Belgian hare exhibit.
The fair time will be July 18 to 21.
Good Sport Promised.
_ «> . —
PITTSBUnO. May U. — Boston-PitUbur*
game postponed; wet grounds.
BASE HITS PLENTUFUX.
Old-Fashioned Game Bet-ween Phila
delphia and Cincinnati.
STANDING OF TUE -CLUBS.
Club*— W. I*. Pet. Clubs — ' W. L. Tct
Philadelphia. 12 5 .7fW St. Louis 7 » .«K7
Brooklyn ...10 7 .3SS Chicajro. 8 10 ,441
Cincinnati ..9 7 .S63|New York... « » .400
Pittaburg; ... 8 9 .I7», Boston 5 10 .353
CINCINNATI. May 11.— Cincinnati and Phila
delphia played an old-fashioned came to-day.
Hahn and Donohue lasted but three inning* and
Phillips and Orth wrrm not effective. The lo
cals' poor fielding Io« them the came. At
tendance. J100. Score:
Clubs— Ft. H. K.
Cincinnati 11 is :>
Philadelphia *> W 5
Batteries— Hahn. Phillips and Woods; Pono
hu», Orth and McFarland. Umpire, Swart
wood.
and is so thickly built that he doesn't
look his height until another man stands
near him. Corbett looks like a boy beside
him. yet Jim weighs 1S3 pounds and stands
nearly 6 feet 1 inch in his shoes.
Jeffries is as rugged as a young: bear.
If he had not such a good-natured face
he would look like a grizzly. Ills Ion*,
thick arms and broad, deep, rugged chest,
covered with black, hair, and his enor
mous legs, all add to the resemblance.
You can see what a kind disposition he
has by watchlngr his brown eyes. They
never look fierce, even when *he Is slug
ging for all he is worth. Jeffries looks
trained to the minute. I nover saw him
look so well as he does to-night. He looks
as strong as a big stone wall. His skin Is
as brown as an Indian's.
Jim Corbett is a picture of a man In
perfect condition. He is smoothly modeled
and slender, except at the neck, shdulders
and chest, where he Is very rugge'd. ! He
Is thicker up there than I ever saw him.
Ho looks every bit as big as 1S3 pounds.
His flesh Is as white as marble,_excgpt
whore the hot sun of LakewoocT^ias
tanned his face and neck. Every move
ha makes is a picture of ease and grace
and power. He weighs twenty-seven or
twenty-nine pounds less than the cham
pion. He is going to try to offset that
difference In weight and strength by su
perior quickness. His long, smooth. arms,
compared with Jeff's husky arms, are like
small swords against bludgeons. Com
pared with Jeff's bristly black hair Cor
bett's fine, soft brown locks are like sMk.
His eyes are hazel and his look fiercer
than Jeff's. H« is 34 years old, but does
n't look more than 26.
To sum the men up — Jeff, Is youngr, big
ROPE FERRY OVER THE VAAL RIVER, NEAR WINDS0RT0N.
It was at this point that a part of General Archibald Hunter's force crossed on the 9th inst., after some sharp fighting. The place where
General Roberts will probably cross is some two hundred miles above and about one hundred miles from his present advanced position.
So Strongly Did Roberts Out
number the Boers That He
.Won an Easy Victory In the
. Battle at Zand River.
A ' ¦'¦'¦ ' -
Speoia.1 cable to Th* Call and New Tork Her
a'd. t'opyrifrht. lSf" 1 . by the Herald Pub
lishlns. Company. . ¦*¦
LONDON. May 12.-Mafeking's relief
Feems to be almost at hand. News
rea<rh*d London last niirht that a
strong fiylng column, said . to be
composed of 3000 cavalry and infant
ry, with a. battery of s|x guns, passed
hot foot through Vryburp on Wednesday.
This'coiumn. which is "said to be traveling
«t forced ppet^d day and night, is prob
abiy this morning within two days' march
of Maf eking'.
Lord Roberts has given h!s account of
the hatlle at Zand River, which was one
of the simplest in respect, to the opera
tions of all battles fought during the war.
The force that the .field marshal had un
der his command was so superior in num
bers to the Boer army and so strong in
artillery and mounted men that the Boors
fouiKl their-flanks'^iontjniially turned and
were forced to fall back from one posi
tion after another.'.
Tho battle v.as.Jr fight for Winburg over
acain. Moving 4o\t he wesr of the railway
he swung around and. forced the Boers
backward/.. General Ian -Hamilton, to the
east of the, railway, met the strongest up
ppslfJon.
..At one time it' would appear that the
6o<ys worked aroun-J Hamilton's right
finnk, but General Smith-porrien'a bri
gado held them in check there for several
hours. The viotpry. was definitely won be
fore "dark on -Thursday.
GENERAL ASWOGON
•; AMONG THE KILLED
IX)NDON. >lay 12— The Lourenzo Mar
ques correspondent of the Daily Mail in
a dispatch dated . Friday. May* 11. says:
"The Boer papers report severe lighting
on the western border, The facts arc very
mui-h confused, probably by design to
conceal the truth from the burghers, but
there is enough to show that--' the 'Boers
admit a British occupation of Taungs."
A special dispatch from Christiana
(Transvaal) published in the Standard and
Digger News, says: * "Six hundred Brit
ish cavalry crossed" the Vaal Fridav at
Kalmorg. about eighteen miles below
Fourteen Streams, and went to Taungs,
followed by commandoes. A second de
tachment of the British crossed at the
same place Saturday. The Griqualanders
under General Aswogon. after being rein
forced, repulsed the British and forced
them back in the direction of Taungs.
"General Aswogon was killed. Tho
British casualties were seven wounded.
The JWr.-lofs was heavy. Kverything
was brought- away, from the laagers ex.
cept '.;« Vfew , tents left to attract the
rEcmy'B. shells. Taungs is ocupicd by
about, 30<¥) British." ."'.-¦¦
Owing to -representations made by the
foreign merchants . in Lourenzo Marques
and by Herr I*<)tt. the Transvaal 'Consul
General -jhepo.i-the. question of classifying
"bully" beef ,. blankets and clothing as
Strong, Flying Column of
. -Three Thousand > Troops
Within Two Days' March
of the Besieged Garrison.
Opinion of Judge Jones
Not Held as a De
cision.
Attorneys for the Indian. Woman Say
They Will Carry the Case
to the Supreme
Court.
Fpeclal Disr«tch to The CaH.
MARIPOSA. May H.— The Hite case
¦wastaken up a Eain to-day. ThA plaintiff's
attorneys.. Van R. Paterson/ and Charles
''""• "HaaJc^. put- in. .evidence .the written
documents wherehv 'Lucy .canct-lod thr>
coniprpTTXisp agr«ffli>nt wliich *ho signed
?or Georpe Cong-don. John Hites attorney,
on April 2S last. In th:s sh<» state.1 she rii<l
not understand what she was signing.
Next -.tlie • Farw K^onKfi asked the court
that aJ! thr applications of. \V. S. Church
end G. B. Alexander... ns anpiieants to sup
planr Umn. Patmon and Hanlonl
Fhould be fgncrc-d and none but her old
attorneys recognized. • .
To-dBLy Psttrfon and H a :ilon offered In
evldrr.ee the decision of Jndjr<- J: V. .Ion"s
to -the effect that !>in-y was *he wife of
JoIui^R. Hite. - . ' , '
After thV«rjru merit - th« court s.iid that
s'.tfenugh he ;tf It It #V3s zi\ injustice on
l.ucy tp r-iapc-l hi**-: to ctnidtJot a fhrw
rnorths' trial -aH'ov^r again th** respoil
s=!biUty of s^urh a hardship did not lie
vith the cr.uxt. . Accordingly he dwidod
that tho opinion '.of Judge Jones holding
that \juff «vas the wife of John R. HiU
vas not a.' Affis'nu that she was a' wiff
«n<J- Mrs. Hlt<* rr.uft s<» io the expense of
putting. in ,hej; pvidence all over again.
Messrs. PaUTsun and Hanlon gav«
rotlce rrf appeal;" which under the new
n:)f>s of tho Supreme <"ourt will be h«*afd
11CXT July. .- : ;,' •
HITE CASE
MUST BE TRIED
OVER AGAIN
MADRID. May 11— Martial law has
been proclaimed in the provinces of Bar
celona and Valencia. At Seville, whero
the shops are still closed, the excitemen:
continues. There has been further re
sistance to the gendarmerie at Valencia.
Notwithstanding the solicitations of th»
ami-taxation press there was a complete
absence of the labor element in yester
day s manifestations at Barcelona.
lJispatches received here show that dis
orders dm; to the anti-tax demonstrations
similar to thfrag which took place In Va
lencia occurred last ni K ht at Barcelona,
and Seville. The riotlns was particularly
severe in Barcelona, where a crowd threw
up barricades in tho streets and ex
changed musketry fir** with a bodv of
Ren.larmr>s. Shots were alw fired from
verandas and balconies of a number of
horses. Several gendarmes were hit. A
number or rioters were arrested
8 "**^ L l moh lh rew "tones at tho
building of the Military riuh. shattering
the windows and the pas lamps. Thfl
gendarmes only succeeded in dlsnrrslnc
the rioters after a hard flsrht. durinc
which several citizens, two jjendarme* *
police inspector and two members of thn
municipal guard were wounded. A forca
of infantry and cavalry wax summon* 1 . j.
which soon cleared and occupied tho
streets.
and stroncr. ruRgetl and obstinate: Corbet t
is older, quicker, not so stronc and he i:i
makinR the effort of his life to regain hi^
lost championship.
PARENTS SLEEP WHILE
SON WINS A VICTORY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
No bettinp was done Jiere. Less than
$2000 changed hands. Every one felt sura
of the result.
LOS ANGELES. May Jl:— When the
words "Jeffries wins" were posted on
scores of bulletin boards, surrounded by
thousands of Los Angeles friend3 of tha
champion, the shout that went up be
spoke the' admiration In which tbo cham
pion is held In the homo of his adaption.
At tho same- moment Rev. and Mrs. Jef
fries peacefully were sleeping at their
homfstead on the Arroyo Seco. The un
concern heretofore exhibited by the fam
ily durinj? previous contests was apparent
during this latest battle. "When apprised
of the result no opinion was uttered that
showed either Joy or emotion. John Jef
fries, brother of the champion, was th<5
only one of the family In town to hear
the returns. He sent a telegram of con
gratulations to Jim.
At Seville, Valencia and Barcelona
Mobs Have Collisions With
Troops and Several Men
Axe Wounded.
Anti - Tax Demonstrations
Assume Serious Aspect
in Spain.
MARTIAL LAW
PROCLAIMED IN
TWO PROVINCES
MAFEKING'S RELIEF SEEMS ALMOST AT HAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Judges' Stand.
Horses That Flashed First Past the
2
This condition of- lassitude is positive proof of '-¦ poor -
or impure blood... You cannot think, your y nerves
are unstrung, it is: hard work to walk "or work, you
have no endurance, no staying, power — simply be-
cause your blood does not furnish the required vigor
and vitality. The very first thing you should do is
to take Hood's Sarsaparilla to drive away the bad
in the blood ; vigor and strength will follow, bringing
color to the cheek and firmness and elasticity to the
step; the head will become clear, the brain active
and. the muscles steady. Hood's Sarsaparilla will
make you feel at peace with all the world. Try itThe rejected suitor Is a victim of mlss
applled devotion.
The - upshot ; - was that she remained ' at
the ranch- while ,he • secured the i license
and made other preparations, she having
agreed to marry, him. In two days he was
ready to drive with her. to the Justice of
the Peace, as she demanded a legal mar
riage. He brought her. In: the meanwhile
a regularly drawn marriage contract, net
tling on her a house and two lots in Han
ford, $5000 in cash and one-third of his
other possessions at that time; or, what
might afterward become his property.
Thev then drove to Hanford and returned
to the ¦ ranch * legally united as husband
and wife.,. ¦,-¦ '
'The excesslva labor ah* wo« nhUtraA « A
Undaunted, She Agrees to Wed.
He replied that the wife was what he
most needed. He vowed he would pay for
bringing out her books and do much for
her besides. He assured her that he was
confident that they understood each other
sufficiently for her to come to Hanford
under his first proposition to pay her way;
and added that they would make a fin
ished job of the business by marrying
at once If able to agree.
She wrote him that she would accept
his proposition to go to Hanford and enter
Into personal negotiations with him. She
arrived at Hanford in due course and was
identified by \ Page. He had promised she
should live at a hotel he owned in Han
ford during the time necessary to arrange
the preliminary details of the strange ne
gotiations. But to the ranch they went
to permit her to inspect the place. She
found the interior of the house dilapidated
and untidy in a degree to rival the ex
terior appearance and condition of its
owner.. But he excused both on the
ground that the influence of woman had
Been absent from the ranch so long that
everything, Including himself, had gone to
ruin and waste. He said he had thought
of renovating and cleaning up, but de
cided to leave all to the woman, who
would have her way about such matters
and do air he might do over again. She
saw ' enough in two minutes to disgust a
sensitive woman of refinement; but as 8he
was in for a mission of reform the worse
the conditions the more benefit she could
render in sweeping and >¦ garnishing the
neglected, disordered house. He told her
she might repair and furnish to her own
liking.
The Old Man's Persistency.
1 pers and periodicals. Her literary tal
ents attracted the attention of a wealthy
family with which she went twice abroad
and became .mistress of several lan
guages. At length she returned to Cali
fornia, where she learned that her early
flame had died in a foreign land. She met
and married Frank M. Bushnell at River
side, the Rev. Charles Button perform
ing the ceremony^ *Her husband was of
a naturally good disposition and char
acter, but was Indolent and had no tact
as a provider for a home. She lived with
him ten years, she working at her trade
most of the time and thus making a liv
ing for herself and her husband, till her
health failed and she went to the hospi
tal for a long season. After this she
was unable to work and was finally
driven to seek a divorce from the husband
that made no effort to relieve, her dis
tress. When she regained partial strength
she again worked at her trade spasmod
ically in Los Angeles.
She was surprised one day when a let
ter came to her addressed to Miss Lillian
Leslie Bushnell, postmarked Hanford,
Cal. She opened and read the strange
statement that the writer had been seek
ing a suitable wife for some time. He
was an old man. He had been a preacher
for fifty years. He was well provided
with the goods of this world. He had a
home for a wife the remainder of his
days and would leave her a comfortable
Independence after his death. He wanted
a woman with a good education and re
finement, able to help him arrange his re
ligious literature for the "press," as his
own education was defective. He had
heard of her literary ability through a
man who had worked in . an office ¦with
her In Los Angeles, and was satisfied she
was In every respect the woman he had
been so long vainly hunting.
She replied guardedly, telling him that
she would have to meet and know him
well before she could even think of con
sidering such a proposition. She told him
she was qualified to perform all he re
quired, but regarded the sacrifice she
would have to make out of all question
within the latitude of any compensation.
But she finally told him that if he wished
he could call on her In Los Angeles. He
quickly replied that he could not then go
to Los Angeles, but that he was so sure
that she would more than realize him hia
fondest anticipations he would pay her
expenses to Hanford and back to Los An
geles were they unable to make up a
match. She replied that such an arrange
ment seemed fair enough, but could not
bo entertained because absurdly Improper.
She Informed him that she was an author
ess and had some books under way and
that she knew how to prepare matter
properly, for the printer. She then sug
gested that she might speculate on any
direct business proposition he 'cared to
submit that might mutually facilitate
their enterprises. And she concluded by>
telling him the wifely feature was out
of all bounds of reason. , .. A .
The Young Woman Appears.
Thus ho was baffled "and tantalized for
four years,- when he met and married
the young woman who is now the central
figure in this life story— Lillian Leslie.
Her family came to California when she
was a little girl — an unappreclative step
mother there crossing the threshold of
her father's home Just before she entered
her teens.
She was sent to school in Oakland some
terms, fell in love at fifteen, and was sent
secretly away to complete her education
with relatives in Massachusetts, so the
beau - never knew where she was to be
found, as she was not allowed to write
home and was denied even the price of a
postage stamp till long arter the man she
loved sold hia possessions in California
and sought refuge beyond the sea. .;.; After
some yearsjof school the family that held
her as a ward decided to go , Went 5 and
she refused to accompany those who had
been bo long her practical Jailers. She
then at once learned at her own volition
the compositor's trade and became a con
tributor of verso and • prose to newspa-
Courted a Female Barber.
Page was lonely after the death of his
wife and pined for and went In quest of
female companionship. He soon found a
reciprocating woman by the name of
Catherine M. Adams, a barber- In Han
ford. apparently willing to heed the low
dulcet wooing of an old. repulsive man
with money. But the fair Catherine had
an eye to business. Samuel Page went
to Hanford one afternoon to wed and
bring her home to the ranch. She demand,
ed 12000 cash, deeds to some lots and a
house In town and the home ranch before
going to the altar. Page demurred, but
pledged his word to grant the demand at
once after the nuptials were sealed. This
was objected to and he returned home.
Two days later the woman sued him for
breach of promise, fixing the damage her
heart had sustained at $15,000,
He had talked so freely that there ap
peared to his attorneys a strong prob
ability that the woman would have ample
testimony to get a. big Judgment against
him.
He became alarmed and arranged with
his children, Dr. Solomon C. Page and
Mary Ann Garver, to make over his
property to them and thus put It beyond
the reach of law before the, suit of the
Adams woman could be tried. But the
transaction was made with the verbal un
derstanding that the title so conferred
was to be rendered back after the danger
of the pending suit was passed.
The suit of the Adams woman termi
nated with n judgment of J500 against
Page, which he satisfied and quickly de
manded the return of the fraudulent ti
tle to his property hold by his son and
daughter as stated. But he found that a
sad change had come over the spirit of
the dreams of his custodian children;
they had decided to retain the property,
to which they held unconditional titles.
Such perversity provoked Page to «"Uu his
children for the recovery of hi* estate.
Henry C. and Ellas C. Page entered the
legal arena arrayed against their brother
and sister, Solomon C. and Mary. Ann,
desperately resolved to' annul the trans
fer of their father's estate to them.
The cold comfort he met In his love
affair with the Adams woman, and tRe
trouble that that indiscretion involved
him with his children were not sufficient
to admonish him to desist from matrimo
nial adventure. He answered advertise
ments In matrimonial papers and corre
sponded with a number of women. But
he ever met demands ror advance cash
settlements .entirely repugnant to him.
of which reveals In mute eloquence the
grasping avarice of the late owner. The
house was never but half finished and
had but one coat of paint, and there is not
one ornamental shrub or flower about the
yard. Such garnishments would not pro
duce money, and hence were never allow
ed. The furniture Is scant and of the
style cf early pioneer times.
Page was born in 1S23 in Pennsylvania
of genuine Dutch stock and married
Nancy Coffman In 1S44. They came to
California and settled at Hanford about
twenty years ago. Samuel Page's wife I
died fifty-two years after their marriage, !
and he continued to live on the home
stead.
One who know him well and long says
of 'him: "He was never a kind nor highly
respected man in all his life. He was
grasping, miserly and shrewdly cunning.
He had a peculiar notion about the Bible,
not a religion, but ren >red its meanings
according to his understanding."
A ghastly chapter of the old man's fru
gality is well vouched for not only from
his own declarations, but Attorney Dixon
L. Phillips heard a witness who was pres
ent confirm it, and one of which it is said
he was especially proud. It ran in this
wise: He was absent from- home and re
ceived notice that his father was at the
point of death and he must come quickly
or be too late. He set out at once, but
found his father in his coffin when he ar
rived. It was just lunch time, and every
one was going cut of the presence of the
dead to eat a bite before starting to the
churchyard. He did not care to eat, but
preferred to remain the short time alone
with his father. It was the day of home
spun clothing. His father was dressed in
.the best that could be made. He deliber
ately unscrewed the lid of the coffin, took
his father out. stripped him of the good
new suit, put on an old one that was at
hand, returned him to the casket and
snugly stored the new suit away in his
grip, selling it for $10 when he returned
to the place where he lived.
LODI. May 11.— A Business Men's Asso
ciation, with forty-five members, includ
ing almost every firm in town, was formed
here yesterday. The rapidity with which
the business men fell in with the plan was
furpristog and pleasing to the promoters.
The objects of the association are to form
ulate plans for keeping trade at home
and promote the business welfare of the
town. S. B. Axtell. editor of the Sentinel,
was elected president.
Business lien Organize.
HONOLULU. May 4.— The Bow Wong
section of the Chinese colony has been in
a fever of excitement since the arrival of
the Coptic or. the 27th ult.. on account of
Information from a reliable source that
trier* 1 will arrive here by the America
>Iaru a head hunter anclthat the criminal
imis^ary will end the days of Leung Chi
tso. the Chinese reformer, now stopping
in this city. The information comes from
branch societies in Hongkong' and Macao
and the statements are very positive.
The name of the assassin is Lum Chung
Y*e. and he is sent by Li Hung Chang,
Viceroy of Canton iirovince. so the report
rays. The local Chinese are warned to
look -out for liim.
Prominent members of the Bow Wong
Society have conferred with attorneys
ar.d will see th* 3 marshal. Their effort will
*>e to prevent the assassin coming ashoro.
Forty mc-mberjs of the society held a
linn Mm and it -was <iecided to Interrupt
the efforts of Li Hunp Chang's head hunt
er at any cost. If he does get ashore
Leung Chi-tsu will be hidden and they
will shadow We. If found to possess a
I'istol. which undoubtedly will be the
-weapon used, the fact will be immedlately
r<-portfd to the marshal and an arrest will
follow. The chances are, therefore, that
Yee will get himself into a very unpleas
ant fix. It is understood that the reform
ers will not attack Yee. but will proceed
In a local way in every respect.
Assassin Sent From China to Take
the Life of Leung
Chi-tso.
AFTER THE HEAD OF
CHINESE REFORMER
P. I people of Sings County are
r deeply interested in the impend
ing contest over the will of
Samuel Page,' an eccentric old man
•who died near Hanford last year,
leaving an' estate valued at?100,000.
For four years prior to his death the
old fellow had been seeking a wife to
comfort him in his declining years.
He had advertised in matrimonial
publications, but failed to find his
ideal until after a - correspondenc*
with Lillian Leslie Bushnell, a beauti
ful young woman of Los Angeles pos
sessed of many accomplishments. Only
a short time before death summoned
the venerable rancher he married this
young woman — the second upon
whom he had bestowed the name
of Page. Page's children, against
whom he was greatly embittered
bicause of attempts to secure
possession of his property, accuse her
of being an adventuress. The widow
indignantly resents this and says
they are seeking to deprive her and
her posthumous child of every ves
tige of their inheritance and cast
them penniless upon the world. She
asserts that the machinations of the
children drove her husband to hope
less insanity and his grave. The tes
timony to be given at the cominjj
trial, the young -woman declares, will
be as sensational as any that has
ever been heard in the courts of
California.
HAXFORD. May 11.— The Page ranch,
where Samuel Page passed the last seven
teen years of his life, is less than three
miles from Hanford. Eucalyptus trees
tower In stately grandeur • round the
bleak and melancholy house, every feature
Widow, Who Is Mother o?
a Posthumous Child, Is
Called Adventurers by
Children, Whom She
Charges With Hounding
Old Man to His Grave.
Special Dlsrpatch to The Call.
PINOLE. May 11.— To-morrow mornirp
forty-five Japanese who arrived in San
Francisco from Japan in the early part of
the week will commence working -for the
Santa Fe railroad as section hands be
tween this section and Point Richmond.
Fifty-five more are expected to arrive to
morrow, and they will be put to work cast
of here. The men were brought here in
charpe of George Wakimoto. Net one of
them can speak a word of Eng-lish. The
men are under contract to work for $125
per day. A gang of forty-five white labor
ers were removed from here yeFterday.
and the Japanese will be put in their
places.
Gang of Them Put to Work on the
Santa Fe Boad.
EMPLOYMENT OF JAPANESE.
scale.
There were C50 Japanese on the Sikh.
¦WASHINGTON*. May il.— Mr. Xcbeshl
ma. the Japanese Minister, has cabled his
Government to stop the immigration now
coming this way from Japan, as there ts
no excuse <>r justification for it, ami lie
believes that the immigrants are the vic
tims of misrepresentation.
Mr. N'abeshima, after careful invosti£:a
tion, has come to the conclusion that
the stoamship companies and emigration
ajroncies are responsible and are inducing
the Japanese to come to the United States
simply to increase their own business.
VICTORIA. B. O, May 11.— Copies of the
Japan Herald brought over on the steamer
Sikh state that the Mikado Government's
officials are endeavoring to cause the
hordes cf would-be emigrants to America
to alter their intentions and so to the
island of Formosa instead.
Japanese naval maneuvers are reported
to bo In progress now on an elaborate
Minister Nabeshima Bslieves His
Countrymen Are Being 1 Lured to
America by Steamship
Companies.
Government Seeks to Check
the Tide of Emigration
Abroad.
JAPANESE ARE
URGED TO SETTLE
IN FORMOSA
Legal Conflict Between the Venerable Rancher's Children and the
Beautiful- Young Woman Who Married Him Shortly
Before He Became Insane and Died.
QUEER OLD SAMUEL PAGE'S
$100,000 ESTATE THE PRIZE
Property Declared a Trust.
Judge W. B. Wallace, before whom the
suit against Sol C. and Mary Ann was
tried at \isalla, decided as every feature
and purpose of the transfer of the prop
erty, the recovery of which was the ob
ject of the suit, was fraudulent, it would
have to stand; but he granted Samuel
Page a life estate in the home ranch and
declared the property a trust fer the four
children, the only heirs he deigned to rec
ognize. The widow appealed against the
decision, as It might be construed as ig
noring both her and her child. Winifred,
the posthumous heir of her husband, and
would undoubtedly deprive them of their
rights. The case is now pending on the
making up of a bill of exceptions.
The decision of Judge Wallace gave
Samuel Page a life 'estate in the home
ranch, which naturally became the right
of the widow and the babe at his death,
and which they partially enjoyed for a
• little season. But the receiver soon for
bade her to sell or use anything on the
ranch, claiming that every piece of furni
ture was trust property; yet, Mrs. Page
declares, the same receiver has since
practically turned the ranch over to Ellas
C. Page, permitting him to appropriate
the property and charging him the value,
or claiming that he so charges what Is
thus taken, against his interest in the
estate. Mrs. Page further asserts that
Ellas C. Page came from Kansas and lived
on the ranch many months at her ex
pense, making her believe the while that
his gratitude and . appreciation were so
great that he should go to any extreme
to aid her In winning the legal fight
against Solomon C. Page and Mary Ann
Garver. He was anxious, she says. to. en
ter into an arrangement by which they
could manipulate matters so as to possess
all of his father's estate.- An Indignant
refusal resulted in- his leaving the ranch.
His departure, declares the widow, was
followed by an attempt on the part of the
receiver to deprive her of any means of
support from the ranch and to serve her
with an ejectment notice, the validitv of
which is now pending In court. Ellas
Page obtained from the receiver the per
mission to appropriate the products of the
ranch; and was actually hauling away
the last of the firewood and would have
removed every stick had she not harness
ed up a team in the night, hitched it to
his loaded wagon, drove to the house and
unloaded It in the yard by herself before
morning.
All the Kings County folk who are
friends of the young widow unhesitating
ly declare that she is paying doubly dear
for the reward of her sacrifices', not an
over munificent compensation had > it all
been realized and enjoyed in peace after
the life she experienced with Samuel
Page. The Page children, too. have many
friends who look unfavorably upon Mrs.
Page and are anxious to see her defeated
In the coming trial of the contest over the
will. S r ---
Mrs. -Page declares that a short time
before the old man passed away Sol
omon . C. Page had made an attempt
to send his father to an insane asy
lum and dispossess the widow of the home
ranch, on the ground that his father was
no longer responsible for his acts; that
the influence of an adventurers controlled
him absolutely and designed to disinherit
his children entirely. But the court denied
the unsustalned petition.
When Samuel Page sued his son and
daughter for the recovery of the prop
erty made over, to them when the suit of
the Adams woman was pending against
him he had a receiver of the estate ap
pointed in the person of J. O. Hickman.
Henry C. and .Ellas C. Page had joined
issue against their brother and sister, SoJ
pmon C. and Mary Ann, so that the fam
ily was fighting in three factions at the
time of his death before Lillian Leslie
Page ever became entangled among them,
iserore he became insane Samuel Page
became so exasperated at the conduct of
his children that he made a will in favor
of his wife as follows:
This my will to my widow all the law
allows and the fulfillment of the marriage
contract: all the personal property; $50 to
Sol. C. Page; $50 to Mary A. Garver and
the rest to my other natural heirs, and my
widow to administer without bond. This
in case I beat Mary and Sol, and get mv
money back; otherwise my widow is to
wfl al \} }^ t $5 to each ot mv children."
When it became certain that the end of
Samuel Page was near Sol C. and Mary
Ann were summoned to look their last at
their father in life. But the suit was on
trial at Vlsalla against them and they did
not put in an appearance. .; , ¦•*?>;
Page held a mortgage on a quarter sec
tion of land adjoining the Cook mine in
Tulare County that was bonded last year
for $30,000. He made, some time before the
trouble growing out of the complications
the suit of the Adams woman created be
tween him and his children, a power of
attorney in favor of Solomon C. Page to
foreclose said mortgage. According to the
widow, the son obeyed the wishes of his
father in every particular except in the
ownership of the new possession, having
had the title drawn in his own favor in
stead of Samuel Page's. The day the
father learned this he became violently
insane and never recovered, but died a
month later broken-hearted and mad
dened at the loss of property, that prom
ised to become worth a million in a short
time, as gold had just been discovered on
the land.
He had never taken a bath in all his
life, and assured her that when he once
washed his feet he took such an awful
cold that it almost brought him to the
grave. But she gave him baths, to which
he had the choice of submitting or giving
her up. She was Samuel Page's wife and
had assumed the obligation of taking care
of him for the remainder of his life; so
she bit her lips, resolved to endure what
ever she was powerless to cure and stand
by the hard contract she had entered into.
But her experience was swift and fierce
but not tediously prolonged with the old
man and his miserly traits.
Baths Were Unknown to Him.
perform to put the house in condition to
render it habitable made her sick. She
told him she required a doctor, which he
refused to provide, saying he was not
going to pay $3 a trip for a doctor to visit
as young a woman as she was when he
could cure her as well himself. He delib
erately administered and forced her to
take a teaspoonful of unadulterated spir
its of turpentine. After the scalding the
dose gave her throat was sufficiently
healed for. her to eat • with comfort she
asked for some baked potatoes and but
ter. He told her that butter was too ex
pensive, —
But this was not the most nor the worst
she had to endure. She found that she
had married a man excessively disagree
able and addicted to unclean habits.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.Ii, SATURDAY,^ MAY 12, 1900.
3
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
A REASON_FOR IT.
There Is Only One Pile Cure That Has
Beached a National Popularity
and Beputation.
There are many popular medicines ; that
are known In every household In America.
There are blood purifiers, nerve tonics,
headache remedies, dyspepsia cures, and
cough cures, which are pold in every drug
store In the nation and beyond.
But all of these must divide their pop-
ularity with many rivals, no one remedy
has the field to Itself, with the single
exception of pile cures, for it is a singular
fact that there Is but one pile cure that
can be considered as having a national
reputation, without a rival and the re-
ferred to is the Pyramid Pile Cure, which
for seven years has steadily worked Into
the public favor by reason of Its extraor-
dinary merit, until it is known from Maine
to California and from Manitoba to the
Gulf. „ £
It is true there are many pile remedies
having a small local reputation for a year
or two, but ''.the-- Pyramid 'Pile Cure has
rapidly supplanted them all and really has
the field to Itself when anything like na-
tional popularity is considered.
The explanation Is simple. It Is because
piles is in no sense an imaginary trouble
that a bread pill or a simple salve or oint-
ment will cure, : but anfobstlnate, painful
and often dangerous trouble and a remedy
to give satisfaction must possess positive
rfnd very apparent merit. A person suffer- j
ing from piles will ; not experiment for
months with a remedy; it must give relief
anda cure in short order or it is con-
demned: ' :
% The worst cases of piles are relieved on
the . first' application of ¦ the Pyramid and
a : cure will result in : a reasonable time
from" its regular use.:
Medicine men use . It In preference to
operations because i#is safer, is perfectly
?ainles3 and the cost to patient is a mere
rHle, as all druggists sell, the Pyramid
Pile Cure at 50c, and as It is used at night
it cures without interfering with regular
occupation. ¦:¦:
v If - suffering ¦• from: any form : of pllea.
bleeding,* itching or protruding, a trial of
the : Pyramid - will cure you and add an-
nthar to ita thnusamla nf frienila. v
. -\. : : .-hiMKsHBSS3BBBBBBBM
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Strengthens Muscle Tissues,
Invigorates the Nerves,
Makes Rich Blood.
0. T. Crump, Richmond, Va., writes:
"For several weeks before I commenced using Paine's Cel-
ery Compound I had a tired and all-gone feeling, my blood be-
came impure, and I was daily losing flesh. One of my friends ad-
vised me to use Paine's Celery Compound, and I found relief
from the first bottle. I used three more bottles, and it made my;
nerves strong, my blood pure, and muscles firm."
Paine's Celery Compound is a re-
source for health, strength, vitality.
OPEN
SAN FRANCISCO
TO
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
The Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway System begs to
announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to
Chicago— 2550 miles.
It is the only railway which owns and controls its track from
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan.
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and it
hopes to receive a generous proportion of the public patronage.
May 1st freight will be handled regularly to and from the East
and all points in the San Joaquin Valley and Southern California.
Freight Depot : Corner Spear and Harrison Streets.
The date for inaugurating passenger train service vdn'bo
announced later.
JOHN J. BYRNE, EDWARD CHAMBERS,
General Passenger A gent, • General Freight Agent.
Lines west of Albuquerque.
W. A. BISSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe System.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-day- You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
How acy man rear <ju!ckly cur« himself after me up. I am Just a» vigorous as when a boy
years ot eufrerin* from sexual weakness lost and you cannot realize bow happy I am."
vitality, night losses, varieocde, etc and en- "Dear Sir: Your method worked beautifully,
lartre email, weak orrans to full elre and visor. Results were exactly wbat I needed. Strength
Hlrnply aend your name and address to Dr L. and vl«-or have completely returned and en-
W. Knapp. 1273 Hull U'.dc.. Detroit. Mich., "and larteroent Js entirely satisfactory."
he will kla'ly eend the free receipt with lull "Dear Sir: Tours was received and I had no
directions, so that any man may easily cure trouble in maklns use of receipt as directed,
himneif at home. This Is certainly a most »en- and can truthfully say it is a boon to weak
*roLn offer, and the following extracts taken men. I am greatly Improved in »lze. strength
1 frorr. his dally mall ehow what men think of and vl^or." . •
kU generosity: . All correspondence is . strictly confidential,
"J>»ar Sir: Please accept my sincere thanks mailed !n rilaln. sealed envelope. -The reeelDt
for yours of recent date. I have, given your is fre« for the asking and he wants every man
treatment a thorcush teet and th« benefit has to tav« it.: Patrick Murphy was sent to the County
Jail yesterday for. six [months by. 'Judge
Fritzon a charge of petty larceny. The
original charge was burglary. He was
accused of breaking Into the room of
James : Ames ; In : a Mission-street lodging
house and stealing an . alarm • dock. Mur
phy's defense was that he had -got a job
at the Union Iron' Works;, and s as he was
afraid* he would not awaken In the morn-
Ing. In time he took. the clock as a tem
porary, 6: ccommodatlon. . :
Stole an Alarm Clock.
One dollar for the round trip to Santa
Rosa Sunday, May 13. by the California
Northwestern Ry. Leave Tlburon > ferry
S and 9:33. a. m. •
George G. Fraserof Pacific Parlor, F.
A. Smith of El Dorado, H. F. Lilkendy
of National Parlor, Dan; J. Wren of.Pre
clta Parlor and Peter F. Mertes of Rlncon
Parlor have, addressed a communication
to . all the local parlors other than those
they, represent asking that each send a
representative at a meeting to bo held in
the committee room of the Native Sons'
building on May 14 for the purpose of or
ganizing a Native Sons' baseball tourna
ment. It is proposed also to enlist the
parlors on the other side of the bay in the
scheme. . .
Native Sons' Baseball Players.
The seventh semi-monthly -contests of
the San ¦. Francisco Fly-casting Club will
be held at Stow Lake. Golden Gate Park,
this afternoon and to-morrow-morning.
- F. 'H.: Reed " was on. the Upper Sacra
mento last Sunday. 1 He found the current
too strong for fly-fishing,' but caught some
trout with a spoon. :' ¦ ; t .;
John Gallagher is stationed at- Baird's,
on the f McCioud, with ; Colonel ~ Kellhor.
He- has not had an opportunity, to do-mucn :
fishing yet.:* He has ordered nome. ¦ special
lures from John Butler, which he will uao
while on the river. - ,
The unsettled condition of the weather
has retarded the fishing this season in a
marked degree. A number of recent trips
to well-known streams have resulted In
disappointment to some of the most ex
pert anglers. The water In the McCloud
Is still. high. It is claimed; the river will
not be at its best until June 1. The water
Is generally of crystal purity and the bed
of the river may eaBlly be seen. Now an
object six Inches below tho surface cannot
be discerned. The Sacramento was dis
colored from last week's rain, but It has
already cleared considerably. At Sims
many men fish the three- creeks In the
vicinity when the river Is not available.
The Truckee will be ready for the fish
ermen about June 1, although its present
appearance Indicates that it will pe a late
season there according to well Informed
anglers. The Yuba will be ready for the
trout fishermen about July 1. ¦
At the recent dinner of the Fly-casting
Club Charles S. Wheeler called attention
to a peculiar fact regarding fishing. Each
year the rods and tackle are being made
finer, thus reducing their power to kill
game. In every other line of sport the
opposite tendency prevails. . Rifles ; and
shotguns are being made more destructive
year by yoar, with special powder and
bullets, making it less difficult to bring
down wild fowl and other creatures.
RAINS SPOILTHE FISHING.
¦ Strange as It may appear, the foregoing
table shows- that, though the Friscos are
at the tall end, they have won a majority
o» the games which they have played
against the leaders. The two teams. have
played against each other five times this
season and the Friscos beat the cham
pions three times. Yet they have failed
to win a single game from the Dudes.
From such a showing it would appear
that form cuts no figure in baseball.
The line-up for to-day's game Is as fol
lows:
Stockton. Positions. Oakland.
Pace Catcher Hammond
Harper or
Salisbury.......!. .Pitcher Steffanl
Courtney... First base Mutch inson
Babbitt. Second base Francks
Moore. Third base. Lange
Lockhead...... ...... Shortstop Schmeer
McCarthy........... Left field... ...Moskiman
Mi-Hale... Center field — Drennan
Morrow. : Rlijht field — : . .'. . . .Dunleavy
It was intended to open the now elght
eeh-bole course of the San Itafael Golf
Club tills afternoon by a match between
teams of six men representing Oakland
and San Francisco blubs, Owing to the
absence of some of the best Oaklandexs
it has been found impossible to arrange
the meeting for to-flay. Tho match may
be played next Saturday;
The qualifying rounds for the coming
competition for the Council's Cup will be
played on the San Rafael links- between
to-day and May SQtbj the best eight scor
ers will bo entitled to enter the opening
round or the actual contest. The four
winners of the opening matches will play
in the second round on May :;i,'th, begin
ning at 2 p. in. The Fomj-nnnl round will
be playfd on June 2nd. and the final
match will be contested on any day not
later than June 9th that may be agreed
on between the competitors.
The competition for the Council's Cup
for ladies will be played on nearly tno
same date's as the contest for the men's
trophy.
Modern golf clubs tend to approach
more and more "to the same type, there
not being so much difference In style and
appearance between the clubs of different
makers as there formerly was. Twenty
years ago' it was quite easy, without.ex
amining a club closely, to tell who made
it, all the leading makers manufacturing
clubs with special characteristics. For
gan, Morris, MacEwans and' Patricks,
clubs could be readily distinguished by
a golfer. Nowadays all the wooden 'clubs
are alike, the number of clubmakers has
largely increased, and machinery is used
in the manufacture. The heads of clubs
tend to become shorter and brpader, and,
[though not so graceful as the old' clubs,
are more effective. The modern club Is
ia harder and more scientific hitter than
r the -old one, and the head is made some
thing like that of a mallet, as an-fmple
ment of that sort has less contact with
the ground, more concentration of force
and greater accuracy.
WITH THE GOLFERS.
By one of the peculiar chances of cours
ing Kustnc Geary's fast young greyhound
Palo Aito is drawn against Curtis & Son's
Luxor to-morrow in the champion stake
at Union l'ark. Only a fortnight ago so
much had been auld regarding the speed
of Palo Alto that u. match was made with
Curtis &. tsons great dog Beaton. . The
latter won in two straight courses, al
though l'alo Alto showed equal speed in
the run-up of the iir^t trial. Coursing
men dltEer in their opinion uri to the rela
tive ppeed of champion Luxor and Beacon
and look to the inal to-morrow with l'alo I
Aito to give them me de-aired comparison.
The fleet gre> jiounus wm meet in tno
run-dawn oi tne champion stake, tor
which sixteen well kuovtn liyers are en
tereu. Urns stake will be run in its en
tirety to-morrow afternoon. Tne other
portion of the programme is a sixteen
dog reserve stane, which in itselr would
loim an attractive card. Among the dogs
entered are: Beauty Spot, Hurricane,
liluckettt-, Kock Island Boy, Ancnor, Min
nie \Va Wa, Maid of Erin, Honey lioy.
Cash, Master Gordon, Kor Glory, Itudt
Awakening, f lot Haste, Thomhui, Shy
lock Boy, Bowery Boy, Walt a Little,
Sleety Mist, Craig Boy, Carmencita, Kock
island King, Winning Lassie, Little Si
ter,- Kadi wist. Silver Wings, -Scottish
cnief, hJrin, Vandal, Lexington, .Vulcan
O. K. Capitol; Auckland. Patriot, Koyal
Anne, Forest Queen, Grafter, Morning
Glory, Slim and Miss Allen. Coursing- win
commence to-day upon the arrival of the
11 a. m. train and' to-morrow at 10:15.
The card at ingleside Coursing i'ark for
to-day and to-morrow will be a S*Q-dog
open stake of good class. Among the en
tries are; Chicago Boy. Pleasant Girl.
St. Helen, Mayflower, Kid McCoy, , Master
Lawrence, .Belle Clair, Crawford Lass,
Hawker, Lily of the West, Miss Penman,
\Vanda, McKlnley, Kings Borderer, Bem
cia Boy, tiweet Emma, Prince Hal,' Motto
and One Hpot. - .
Manager J. M. Halton of Pasha kennals
will start Kural Artist, - formerly Tho
Koyal Star, to-morrow at Union ir*irK fcr
the first time. He Is one of the dogs pur
chased in England by J. H. Rosdeter and
arrived here last Saturday. He la in such
good physical condition . that It was
thought advisable to etart him at once,
and then if he succumbs to climatic con
ditions to throw him out of training. He
is brindle and white in color and weighs
about sixty pounds. He is by Falconer-
Queen of the Fens, and was whelped In
April, 1S'J8. Falconer is by Herschel.
Queen of the Fens Is by Nabora, a full
brother to the mighty. Fullerton. Rural
Artist won the Manor House stako and
oyp on January 20, WOO, beating New Min
strel in the final. He divided the Old
Sleaford stake with his brother. Theatri
cal. In the Newmarket; championship
stake for puppies he was beaten , by the
ultimate winner, Peerless Beauty. Hd '
was tried out at Union Park on Thursday
with For Freedom and justified all the
expectations of those Interested in his
running. *
With i Rural Artist came the dog L,un
dln Links, consigned to Richardson
Brothers of this city. He is by Eplchar
mus-Elaine, and was whelped in January^
1898. He is a black dog and weighs sixty
six pounds. ;•¦ ., ¦
• Fiery Face, which arrived here recently
from England, Is expected to whelp to
Jioyston shortly.
- Snowflake. the grand dam of Whitehead
and owned by T. Kennedy, of Sacramento,
has been bred to Promise Me. • ¦
I MV Hartry has bought the dog Indepen
dent from Andrew Dean. , He Is by Emln
Pasha-Van Needa, and Is, two years old.
He will be trained by«James Sweeney.
James Dean Is handling the dogs of D.
J. Htaley of Petaluma. They ¦¦ Include SIs
quoc. Lady Clare, Grenada, Nlcaslo, Ma
rln-and Maggie N. > .* ;.-..."• r3*©SSBS5S^S|
J. McEnroe has destroyed the Austra
lian dog Norwest. and '.. also „ Johnny F,
finding* they- were below, the standard re
quired on this coast. .
F.P. Moora of Florence, Colo., baa reg-
Drawn Together in Champion
Stake— English Dog Rural
Artist Starts.
PALO ALTO TO
MEET THE FAST
COURSERLUXOR
The champions of the California Base
ball League are once more safely in the
lead. Starting at the tall end, they have
steadily climbed, passing all the other
teams. After defeating the crack Stock
ton aggregation in three straight games,
they found themselves in first place with
a lead of over one hundred per cent. The
season is yet young and all the teams
cou'd still be bunched If those at the bot
tom should succeed In winning a complete
series. The local team has been strength
ened during the week by the acquisition
of a veteran first baseman in tho person
of Paust of St. Louis. They may give a
good account of themselves at Sacramen
to, where they are going to-day to play
a series of five games with the cham
pions. The Stocktons nnd Oaklands will
comfi together in this city in a struggle
for second place, a position that is held
by the Slough City team, but only by 3S
per cent.
The following table shows the exact
work done by all the teams up to date:
Oakland and Stockton Will
Meet on the Recreation
Grounds Diamond.
SACRAMENTO IS
LANDED SAFELY
IN THE LEAD
istcred a litter of puppies by Jolly Boy-
Oalamlty Jane.
J. Kerrigan's St. Lawrence was mated
with Eugene Casserly's l-ady Blar.eho on
the 3d inst.. a few days before lie died
from injuries sustained while at play.
J. O'Shca'fl Young Firenzi has been bred
to the srime rwner'K Young America.
TRAP SHOOTERS
WILL COMPETE
FOR A TROPHY
Edward Donohoe Presents a
Silver Cup to Be Shot for
Decoration Day.
Edward Donohoe. a wealthy patron of
pigeon shooting, has offered the most val
uable trophy of the year— a fine silver cup
—for a special contest. This Is to be shot
off at the grounds of the San Francisco
Trap-shooting Association.' Ingleslde, on
Decoration- day. Each contestant will
shoot at twenty-five pigeons. A handicap
committee, consisting of Dr. S. E.
Knowles, J. J. Sweeney and Merton C. Al
len, will fix the mark from which each
man will shoot. Any ties in the first round
Will be shot off at ten birds. No entrance
fee will be charged except the price of
birds. Owing to the value of the trophy
a large entry and exciting contest is ex
pected.
The officials of the San Francisco Gun
Club announce two special bluerock han
dicap events to take place on the after
noon of each regular bluerock shooting
day, commencing to-morrow. The first
Is for a diamond locket to be shot for at
the next five regular meetings. Shooters
will be handicapped, according . to their
skill. » The experts will shoot at twenty
targets' and others at as many more as
are necessary to place them on an equal
footing with the experts. The club re
serves the right to change the handicap
before each shoot with the object of still
further equalizing the skill of the contest
ants. The^highest possible score at each
shoot shall be 20. or 100 for the live shoots,
and the shooter making the highest score
out of trie possible 100 will receive the
prize. All ties must be shot off under the
handicap conditions of the final shoot.
The second is a handicap pool shoot
The entrance fee will be Jl. Including
birds. Ten dollars will be added by the
club each Sunday. Competitors will re
ceive the same handicap allowed In the
first event.
The members of the San Francisco Gun
Club will pepper bluerocks to-morrow at
Ingleside, while the Olympic Gun Club
men will shoot live birds. One week from
to-morrow the California Winer Shooting
Club will shoot live birds, while the LJn
colns will perform on bluerocks
T K e a m n K al £ h .°, Ot of the Red Bluf f G»n
Club will be held to-morrow. The affair
is in charge of a committee made un "of
F. H Allbrlght, Ed F. Lennon and J P H
Bradley. There are six events in all, each
for liberal. prizes. Otto Feudner and other
well-known trapshots from this city will
attend the meeting.
DOG SHOW GLEANINGS.
That the selection of Judge Mortimer
for the dog show was a wise one is Indi
cated by the dearth of protests. Only one
has been lodged with the directors of the
San- Francisco Kennel Club, and that by
J. W. Flynn. against the win of Alec
Colvin's pointer. Lady C. In the field-trial
class. The ground of the protest s that
Lady C was not eligible to compete In
that class, she^ not having been placed n
any recognized field trial." Mr Colv n
cites the premium list of the San FrTn
Cisco Kennel Club in support of hi" Sri
tlon that, no, such restriction applies to
dogs that have competed In field triai<T
The premium 'list .reads simply "Field
trial class," but the custom has always
been, both here and In the East to re
strict the eligibility to dogs which have
been placed In the trials. wnlcI * nave
Messrs. . W. C. Ralston and Albert Jo
seph were elected members of San Fran
cisco Kenner Club at the recent meettne
of the executive committee. "ceung
The prizes won at the show will be pay
able at the office of the club 23S M^ont
gomery street, on Saturday, the 13th lnst
from 3:30 to 5 p. m. It Is hoped that the
medals and cups will be engraved by then
so that they can be delivered at the same
time. The acting secretary is endeavor
ing to clean up the aftermath of the show
and will make an energetic effort to place
the diplomas in the hands of^ne exhibit
ors together with the prizes.
ON THE CRICKET FIELD.
The committee consisting of R. B.
Hog-ue, E. G. Sloman and H. C. Casidy of
the California Cricket Association "has
prepared a schedule of matches to be
played during the present season between
the Alameda, California and Pacific
cricket clubs for the pennant presented
by Edward Brown, president of the asso
ciation. A practice match was played last
Sunday on the grounds at Webster street,
Alameda. between two scratch elevens
one captained by R. B. Hogue and the
other by H. C. Casidy. The batting was
poor, the pitch being in a rough and un
f-ven condition. Casidy's team compiled
-only 35 runs, of which John Myers made
11. Hogue's eleven were all out for 20. the
highest score being 7 by G. C. Lewis. Har
old Ward and J. H. Saunders bowled for
Hogue's eleven and H. C. Casidy and F.
C. Croll bowled for CaMdy's team.
To-morrow evening the lirst pennant
match of the f*&son of 1WQ will begjn on
The grounds at Webster street. Alameda.
between tfems representing the Alameda
end Pacllic clubs. The Pacific eleven will
consist of J. Myers. C P.' Coles. George
Theobald. J. J. Theobald, A. B. Willis,
A. W. Wilding. D. Jamieson, W. Jamie
t-nn, E. K. Johnstone and H. C. Casidy.
r-aptain. The Alameda team will be com
posed of B. Bird. O. J. Raugh. F. CL Croll,
K. B. Hopue. J. J. Moriarty, C. J. Murphy!
JL H. Saunders. V. Seebpck. F. Stahl,
Henry Ward and Harold Ward.
A committee consisting of Henry Ward,
George Theobald and the secretary of the
AFfociatioti met yesterday evening in the
office of the secretary to draft a reply to
the communication pent some time ago
by the Lake County clubs to the associa
tion. The reply will be t<ent to the clubs
ehortfy. and it is t-o be hoped that it may
have the good effect of retaining the
Burns Valley and I«ikeport clubs in the
association and of inducing the Placer and
6hasta County clubs to resume their
membership. The cricketers around
Loomls and P^nryn are keen about the
pame and until, last year were always
strong supporters of the association. The
Mountain Copper Company Club in Shasta
County has been so much weakened by
the departure from Kepwick of H. N. Tru
man. T. W. G. Wallace and H. C. Casidy
that it Is hardly likely it will be able to
pet a team together this year.
John I). SpreckHs Jr. has bought from
T. K. James the bull terrier Banjo, whone
tuecess on the bench for two consecutive
rears has astonished the fans. Albert Jo
seph, the owner of the imported bull ter
rier. Rlonmbury Baron, has taken his
dog's defeat wilh sportsmanlike.equanim
ity and is negotiatinng for another terrier
to beat Banjo.
R. Isenbriick, John Peltier and J: Shrak
kart fished I>ake Pilarcltos. the property
of the Spring Valley Water Company,
which wa* opened last Sunday for the
first time this reason. Tho trio of anglers
secured forty-three trout, all of good gjze
and condition.
A Problem — "Strange," began the
young. author, whose first novel has Just
been published. ''What?" queried his
friend. "Statistics show that Illiteracy
among the masses has diminished .200. pe'r
cent In the last 25 years, and yet my
novel remains unread."— Philadelphia
North American.
4
Captain James Finds the
Water at "Belvedere Too
Cold for Polo.
The draft of a letter which the rowing
clubs intend to send to the officials of the 1
Southern Pacific Railroad regarding the |
laying out of a course across the bay was j
submitted to the members of the Alameda j
Boating Club at their regular meeting last
Tuesday night, and was approved. It i
wa? submitted to the Dolphins on Thurs
day night and met with their sanction.
When all the clubs have had an opportu
nity of passing 'upon it It will be sent to
the proper quarter. The Alameda Club
promises to take as many tickets for the
proposed regatta on Oakland Creek as it
has members and will do anything else
that It can to further the project. It was
decided to hold the second moonlight pa
rade and entertainment on June 16. The
junior barge crew is in good condition.
The Ariel Rowing Club meets regularly
once a month at 'Sii McAllister street. At
the meeting held last Monday evening the
Alameda boat-builder. Al Rogers, was
present and reported, that the club boats
are all ready. It was decided to hold a
eluh regatta early in June at Long
Bridge. There will be barge and out
ri&ge<l skiff races and other events. The
following committee has the regatta in
charRe: W. Howe. A. H. Brown, J. C.
Oeddes. George T. McOir.nis and H. Foley.
An important proposition was also laid
before the members. The club numbers
among its members many good swimmers
who desire to form an organization, to bo
called the Ariel Swimming Annex. A tem
porary organization has been effected and
officers elected. The proposal, which was
submitted by J. C. Geddes, was referred
to the board of directors, who will act
Upon it. If the annex is formed races will
be held off Long Wharf, which is said to
be one of the best straightaway swim
ming courses in the United States. As
some of the best swimmers on the Paolttc
Coast belong to the Ariel Club, the estab
lishment of the swimming annex would
add prestige to' the club and also
strengthen its membership. The Ariel
swimmers have been practicing for the
proposed water polo match on Olympic la
dies." day, but a communication has been
received from George James, in which he
states that the Olympic men consider tho
water at Belvedere too cold for a water
polo match. The event will probably be
called off. The Ariel Club has chartered
ICugene Flanders' launch Alert and an
other launch to convey members to Bel
vedere May 20.
The Pioneer j Rowing Club has so few
Juniors among its members that it has
not been able to get a crew to row at Bel
vedere. It will make one -or two. entries
In the junior outrigged skiff race. On the
second Sunday in June the second race
for the Alpers medal will be rowed and
on the same day the new barge will be
christened and Jinks held.
One of the most interesting events on
Olympic ladies* day will be the race In
outrigged eklffs between George Baker
and Stanley Adderley. ' The former won
the Junior outrigged skiff championship
by a larger margin, according to Dr. C.
C. Dennis, than did Stanley Adderley. He
is an athletic man, constantly In good
physical condition and trains faithfully.
Stanley Adderley, however, has his sup
porters, and on - a rough day may. beat
Baker. . -
It is Intended to mark out 'the course
on Belvedere Cove by buoys firmly at
tached to anchors, so that tney may not
drift Th« distance will probably be meas
ured by taking a barge crew out at full
speed for four and a half minutes. The
turn will be at the point reached by the
crew.
The Tritons will appoint a nominating
committee at their next meeting to pre
pare a list of candidates for the various
offices. The election will take place in
June.
FIVE BARGES
WILL ROW ON
OLYMPIC DAY
ROUNDING THE OUTER STAKEBOAT IN A CORINTHIAN CLUB REGATTA.
From a Photograph by F. J. Clute.
The spirited .=oene Illustrated herewith is a common one on San Francisco Bay during the sum
mer Foa.«on. Races are frequent and the 'amateur tars of the various clubs show skill and daring in
the handling of their boats. There is generally a strong wind blowing, but the tendency is to
crack on all sail po?sible. The boats are stoutly built for cruising and are invariably fitted with all
conveniences. The racing machine type, barren of comforts, has never developed here. Quick deci
sion and clever seamanship are often required of the yachtsmen. \
Captain L. Skbe of Shell Mound made a
liberal bid. while the offer of Captain F.
Sohuemann of Schuetzen Park was
thought by rome to be even more lib
eral. Each range and its owner had
friends and ihe lipht began. On Wednes
day Captain Schu«-mann died and some
lnheved that event would throw the
tournament to Shell Mound, but the
Schuetzen Park partisans had no idea of
giving up the fight. The bitterness ha*
grown to such a. degree that several of
the clubs have threatened to withdraw if
the bund decided to go to Sohuetzen Park.
Two of these clubs, according to report,
are the San Francisco Schuetzen Ytrein.
one of the largest rifle organizations of
the West, and the N'orddeutscher Sohuet
zen Club. From ail accounts the Ger
mania Schuetzen Club is about in the
same position, while there is but little
doubt that the Columbia P.ifle and Pistol
Club officials take a similar stand. On
the other side stand such organizations
as the California Schuetzen C!*Jb. the San
Jo*e Rifle Club, the Sacramento Helvetia
Sohuetzen Club, tbe recently reorganized
Maxin County Rifle Club and the Golden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, which are
willing to abide by the decision of a ma
jority vote. Most of the latter are parti
sans of Schuetzen Park, but if the bund
goes to Shell mound there will be no boy
cotting done. The conservative element
on each side is disgusted with the man
ner of proceedings. Etating that if the
riflomen of the East learn there is so
much friction and lack of harmony on bo
email a Question as the selection of a
range they will not come West. This ele
ment characterizes such a condition of
pffalrs as a disgrace to the rifle fraterni
ty. The next meeting of the bund is to
be held in four weeks and possibly in the
meantime there will be tome change. Ac
cording to reports more than one of the
clubs will withdraw their delegates and
eend new ones to the next meeting.
The delegates to the XationaJ Schuet
•zer.bund are having a merry row among
themselves over the malter of selecting
a shootine range for the coming rifle tour
riament, which is to be held here in July
of next year. At the meeting of the bund
en Thursday evening at C20 Bush street
there was a heated discussion and Inci
dental to the trouble President Robert
. Finking resigned. Vice President. Cap
tain F. AttinRer, took the chair tempora
rily. Tht question cf suitable range,
Shell Hound or Bcbtutzen; has bt-cn ue
lore the body for over three months and
the only attempt to select one or the
other resulted in a tie vote of 27 to 27.
RIFLEMEN FAIL TO AGREE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C A LL, SATURDAY, ]\I AY 12, 1900.
row a canoe race on the creek for the
• Myrisch bad^e. Next Saturday and Sun
cay there will be a cruise to Goat Island.
opening.
The Oakland Canoe Club holds Its open-
Ing entertainment to-day. There will be
n reception at the clubhouse and to-mor-
Inland, it is expected that a omsMfrable
Jl'-et will reach VaJU-jo. The tide will be
running out to-morrow until .1 o'clock in
the afternoon, so that an early start from
Yallejo will bo desirable.
The South Bay Yacht <"luh has a cruise
to Mowrcy's Kntrauce scheduled for to
day, and to-morrow there wilt be rowing
races in ditigics.
This is the opening day of the Kncinal
Yacht Club. The committee having the
i'.iTaijgTments in < haree consists of Com
modore J. S. Hanley, Dr. C L,. TisdaLe
a::d H. M. l.andsberger. During the af
ternoon there will bo a proeef-sion of
; achls off the clubhouse. In the even
ing the visitors will be entertained with
ji vaudeville enow, in which Aiex Ros
l»nrough. W. J. Hynes, AV. O'Brien.
}'-c-n Tarbox. Captain I^eale. Clifford
Ireland. Frank W. Thompson and
the EncSnal Club Quartet will take
l>art. Afttr the show there will be a
<;.:nce. The cflicers of the Encinal Yacht
<"lub fcr J900 are: J. S. Har.Uy, commo-
O-rre; A- Dalton Harrison, vice comrao
aore; K. c. YounKherg', measurer; JI. M.
l.Midsixigor, president ; A. H. Ward, vice
3 r<fjde»n; P. S. Teller, treasurer and Max
Jf>nes. secretary. The board of directors
e insists of the president, vice president,
treasurer; H. K. Field. 1". M. Shaw, Dr.
C. I* Tifd.ile and George T. Wripht. To
xaorrow there will be a cruise. As nearly
all the yachts in commission will cruiwe
to Vallcjo this afternoon, it is not likely
that any Ban j^rancisco. Corinthian or
t'alifornia craft will be ut the Encinal
The craft of the fian Francisco, Cor
inthian and California yaoht clubs will
erulsa this aftrrnoun to Vallejo, where
they will anchor for the night. As the
tide floods till nearly, midnight off Mare
Corinthian, California and San
Francisco Club Boats to
Cruise Together.
YACHTSMEN TO
RENDEZVOUS AT
THE NAVY-YARD
RELAY RIDERS
READY FOR A
BATTLE ROYAL
Cyders Representing Garden
City, Bay City and Olympic
Clubs to Race.
The eighth annual rrtay rare aronnrl
the bay/ participated in by the cycl*
clubs of this. State, will be held to-mor
row. - All arrangt-rm-nts have bven ma do
for the classic hiin<!r«Hl-mil*» (Tent This
afternoon the various riders, timer*,
judges, trailers and the like will depart
for their different posts, to be on han<l
early in the mornins; for their dutloa.
The race has narrowed down this year
to three clubs, the Olympic and Hay City
of this city ar.d the Garden City of San
Jose. It takes an unusually .strong club
financially and ono with an abundance
of racing talent to enter a relay race
properly. The smaller clubs, after, trying
it without success for the past six years,
have latterly dropped out.
As to the merits of the teams this year,
the Bay Citys think tney will win. the
Olympics say the Garden Citys have the
strongest team, while the Garden Citya
are afraid of the Olympics. There are so
many new men on each of the t^ams, a3
will be noticed in the entries published
in The Call yesterday, that it Is almost
impossible to judge their abilities. Kach
team has confidence in itself, and tho
race will probably be evenly contested.
The racing committee has appointed the
following officials to tako charge of the
event:
Hefereo, J. A. 'Woodson. Sacramento; startsr,
J. W. Leavltt. B. C. W.: clfrk. Jules F. Han
cock. B. C. W. Judges «u finish— Archie Iteed.
B. C. W.j C. B. Schafer. G. C. W. ; James \V.
Mullen, O. C. W.; K. U. Learning, rf. F.: J.
B. Lamkln, G. C. \V. ; Charles Albert Adam?,
O. C. W. Scorers— Stanley O. Scovern. II.
Dean Clark. Clarence N. fiavlin. J. \V. Shaw
han. Timers-John Ellttt. O. C. \V. ; Oeorga
Peabody Wetniore, B. C. \V. ; Joseph S. Lewij;
Herman D. Ifadenfeldt, O. C. W. Chief mar
ghals—J. P. Thc-ne and M. E. Gaines; chief
umpire. Henry F. Wynne; assistants— Lout*
Myers. George EMxon. -H. iiuttgenbach. Georjce
James. Racine committee — Thomas G. Sptl
lane (chairman), O. C. W. ; Frank W. Smith.
B. C. V,'.; L. O. Sill, O. C. W.
The race will start promptly at 9
o'clock to-morrow morning from the cor
ner of McAllister and Larkin streets, and
will finish in Alameda at Central avenuo
and Grand street about 1:45. Most of tno
spectators will go over on the 12 o'clock
broad gauge or 12:15 narrow gauge boat,
taking the local train to Park-street sta
tion, where bulletins of the course of the
race will be posted up to the finishing
Too much credit cannot be accorded
Captain T. G. Splllane of the Olympic
Club Wheelmen for his successful con
duct of the arrangements for the race,
which are now all completed. President
"Woodson Of the Associated Cyclists ap
pointed L. S. Upson of Sacramento chair
man of the roafi racing committee, to
gether with Mr. SpiUane and t rank \\ .
Smith of the Bay City Wheelmen. UPSon
shortly afterward resigned and famith.
Spillane's co-partner on the committee,
did not do any work, leaving the wholo
matter on Spillane's shoulders. He went
to work undaunted and has completed all
arrangements without a hitch. The only
thins Captain SpiUane is afraid of now
Is that some Jealous wight will turn
around and say that he is trying to run
the committee. President Woodson ha.s
appointed Mr. Spillane chairman of thw
committee, with F. W. Smith. B. C .\\ ..
and L,. O. Sill of the Garden, City Club.
E. E. Stoddard. well known, in the trade
here. Is traveling in the northern part of
th Dr S E te T Mervy. the well-known "tooth
carpenter" of the Bay City Wheelmen,
will depart for Cape Nome next wfrk.
where he will remain a couple of season..
The new management of the Hotel St
James of San Jose has offered an elegant
silver loving cup as a trophy for JW;
mile road race, open to all. to be run
from this city to San JMeonSanday.
May 27. The cup la on exhibition at the
bj ?he P a'nnua?banqu e t of the Cycle Eoard
of Trade will be held this evening at KSQ
o'clock at Jules' on Pine street. Secre
tary James M. Hamilton has charge of
the arrangements, which are most com
niPto All the prominent dealers and
cycle" press representatives will attend.
SWIMMERS IN ACTION.
The entries for the customary weekly
swimming and diving contests at Sutro
Baths to-morrow are aa follows:
* 50-yard dash. juveniIe*-O. Keibcr. G. Charles.
P Sunberg. O. Carroll. II. Leicken. A. few.
p" Lnckwood. E.- Mlnter. P. bummers. P. Mul
,,: jj Froat J. O'Brien. A. Walker. J. John
¦ori e' KlDP. M. Rudonlck. L. Hanlon. O. Low
rnthal.' C. Shilling;. G. Chllds, M. Cannody, "W.
Wollbeck, P. Louis.
Tub race— H. Carcass. II. McKenzle, TV. Mc-
Cormlck L. Davis, F. Rellly. G. K«lber, L.
Doud P. Sunberg. F. Taylor. A. Baudaln. P.
Eames. W. Jacobs. E. Klpp. E. Wells, F.
Trick and fancy, springboard diving— E. . Mc-
Kenzie, R. Corde41, E. Epperson, F. Eame», O.
MIsner. R. Riding. J. Man ton, R. Cordel!, L.
Hansboro. W. Summers. L. Bodl«».
100-yard race, amateurs — P. Bo*en. O. "WaJn
wrlRht. H. Simon. II. Lincoln, C. Carlton. E.
Bell". C. Lundtn, R. Dahl. "SV. HarrinBton. II.
Peebach, L. Hayirartls. F. Terry, J. Laird. J.
O'Brien, H. Freeman, T. Thompson, F. Carroll.
'Tis time the March wind -waked th© rose,
But It can't blow because It's froze.
— Chicago Record.
4
SPORT
CI..TJBS.
3
a
o
5 2 ff
I a I
* • 2.
• ! n
: • ?
— 1 l_l.
Q
B
o
I 1-
Q
P
|
J
-!-
-I-
Sacramento 3 4 2 9 14 .643
Stockton 1 .... 2 4 I 7 13 .535
Oakland 1 2 .... 3 6 12 .500
San Francisco 3 1 0 .... 4 13 .308
. Gam»8 lost 5 6 .6 9
CI..TJBS.
3
a
o
5 2 ff
I a I
* • 2.
• ! n
: • ?
— 1 l_l.
Q
B
o
I 1-
Q
P
|
J
-!-
-I-
Sacramento 3 4 2 9 14 .643
Stockton 1 .... 2 4 I 7 13 .535
Oakland 1 2 .... 3 6 12 .500
San Francisco 3 1 0 .... 4 13 .308
. Gam»8 lost 5 6 .6 9
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
These Aro - j
the Host
. • Successful
Specialists
in America. ;
Free ;
Consultation. \
No Pay i
Till Cured. '
8 ». Tb'H \t 9 " ¥ M M Ok It «% rUt^JT M «T •
731 Market St., S. F.
Elevator Entrance. HOURS— Dally. »
to 6; Evenings, 7 to 8; Sunday*, 9 to 1L
HOME CURES. FREE BOOK.
6visi? OR. JORDAN'S great ,i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOBY)
§ G| 1C5UL&2XI; ST. tot 63*7!*. &*•&*.! I
T < t3 r The Largest Anatoasical Miu«um in the \ .
4 Wort J. Weakaeisei of any comractert ,
JL l»s£5 disewe peiillwrlx Mired hy theorist '
ij> /£ 3 4 i>peajlis:cailwCo»*t. Hit. 36 y^atv * I
h A«3£r| UR. JORDAN-PRIVATE 3',SEA3ES$
\ FffSSfeS Cornultatkm frw ind jtrv-Hj priv»t«. >
n i \A<$*X Tnitmcnt personally ft b/ Inter. \g
Y 1 dr qU Pan.tiM C'vra in every cave an. !;r:iken. T
4Pff 11* W n t«fofBook.I*M«l<©>»»»»*n*>*J
if « [I ||l mail&D gza&. '.AX
\ Q 11, valuable book fs» mea) X
"OH JOBDAX dr CO.. 1031 Mark»tSt..S. f. WOne dollar to Santa Rosa and return by
the California Northwestern Ry. (lessee
S. F. and N. P. Ry.) Sunday, , May 13
Leave Tlburon ferry Sunday, S and 8:30
a. m. On the return, leave Santa Rosa
3:25 and 5:30 p. m. •
The latter became charged with elec
tricity. When Wozencraft stumbled
against the pole he threw his arms around
it and was unable to let go. His wife
grabbed him by the shoulders and at
tempted to drag him away. She received
the full force of the current through her
husband, the shock being intensified by
the dampness. Both were held fast until
the arrival of a car on the way to the
barn. As the car passed it relieved the
current from the pole and Wozencraft
and his wife fell to the ground. When
picked up she was dead and her husband
was in a semi-conscious condition.
Wharf Destroyed.
LONG BEACH. May 11.— Heavy swells
last night caused by a high southwest
wind swept away the old wharf at this
place, the piling being strung along the
shore for a distance of half a mile. The
rough water also broke sixteen or seven
teen of the piles in the new wharf, but
did no special damage.
Free Terry at Preeport.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND. May 11.— At a joint meet
ing of the Boards of Supervisors of Yolo
and Sacramento counties held to-day it
was agreed to hold another meeting Juno
6 and award the contract for establishing
a free ferry near Freeport.
TRIAL OF ALLEGED
i KIDNAPERS BEGINS
Attorneys for the Defense Move for
a Dismissal of the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 11.— Justice Dyer of
Palo Alto Deputy Constable Tom Harris
and "Wong Fong. who were indicted by
the Grand Jury for kidnaping Kim Quey
at Palo Alto, ware arraigned before Judge
Lorigan in the Superior Court this raorn
in«r rm tho charges. Nearly a score of
wise's wer^prpsent including the
members of the Grand Jur>.
X motion was made to dismiss the in
dictxSent Ton the grounds that they had
not been Indorsed as provided by the
Penal Code and had not been found by
an impartial jury. All the members of
the Grand Jury except two and many
other citizens were examined.
The evidence showed that the testi
mony of Watchman Dunsmoor at the ex
amination of Wong Fong at Palo Alto
had been used as evidence to found the
Indictment The attorneys for the de
fendants made a strong point of the fact
that Valentine Kock. one of the grand
inror* returning the indictments, was a
SLr o! "a^committee soliciting .funds to
prosecute the defendants, and that E. J.
Kx. foreman of the jury com ri buted
$5 to trie fund. It was urged this should
prejudice and bias the case against the
d Fu?fhpr hearing of the matter went over
to Monday.
Denied a New Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call. v
SAN .RAFAEL, Ma:' ll.-The motion of
Patrick Boyle's attorney for a new trial
was denied by Judge Angellotti this after
noon. Boyle was convicted of arson in -the
second degree, he having set fire to his
saloon last January. Judge Murphy made
a lengthy plea in behalf of Boyle, but his
grounds of argument were not strong
enough for a new trial. Boyle will be
sentenced next Tuesday.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 11.— The will of the
late Mls3 Mary E. Stanford of Mont Clair.
daughter of Colonel Asa P. Stanford of
Nov.- York and niece of the late Governor
Lel.ind Stanford of California, was a'l
mitUal to probate in Kev:a r k yostcrilay
by Surrogate Ellor. The estate, valued
at over $100,000, was nearly all Inherited
ironi her uncie. The executou are Frank
B. Lovrr. of Poughkeepsle. N. Y., and
Wilberforce Freeman of Orange. It
directs that the executors shall not be
rocuired to give bonds and may invest
the estate's tunds as they see lit, "even
though such investments may not be of
a kind usually authorized by law." Any
loss sustained by reason of "error in judg
ment" on their part is not to be held
against them.
The will provides that Colonel Stanford
and the testatrix's aunt, Mrs. John C.
Feltman, are to be paid $100 a month each
during their lifetime. A bequest of $20,0<X>
is made to the testatrix's brother, Jerome
it! Stanford of California. Clark Stan
ford, a nephew, who is a student at the
Leland Stanford University of California,
and Thomas M. Feltman, a cousin, are
each given $10,000. Th-J former and the
Misses Maude L., Mabel H. and Helen
Stanford are the residuary legatees. Small
legacies are left to churches and institu
tions. :
QUARANTINE AGAINST
PLAGUE IS RAISED
( - -." ' "--•: :v" : - •"'
Hats Returning to Honolulu, a Sign
That Danger Is at an
End.
HONOLULU, May 4.— The quarantine
was raised on April 30 and Honolulu is a
clean port again. There has been an ex
odus from this city. It is expected that
there will be a great inward travel from
the other islands, for the country people
have been as anxious to get to town as
the town people have been to get out. Re
strictions on foreign travel have been re
moved, so that persons leaving by the
next steamers will not take the prophy
lactic. Clean bills of health are given to
all outward vessels.
Rats are returning to Honolulu. This
Important fact has been ascertained by
the Board of Health in several ways.
This morning two men living ih different
localities reported that the rats had re
turned. None had been seen in. either
place in 'several months. Prior reports of
the same kind proved to be true.
The conclusion of the board is that this
is one important indication that the
plague is at an end. as rats are. known to
run from it. The assumption is that the
rats vacated the city last autumn when
the plague first appeared and are now re
turning when it is over.
FARMEES IN SESSION.
Interesting Papers Read and Dis-
cussed at Watsonville.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WATSONVILLE. May 11.— A session of
the Farmers' Institute opened In the
opera-house here to-day. . There was a
large attendance of those interested in
horticultural and agricultural matters as
well as business men and .fruit packers
The opening address was made by Charles
H. Rodgers. president of the Horticultural
Commission of Santa Cruz County.
Professor D. T. Fowler delivered an in
teresting lecture on pruning deciduous
fruit trees. Professor R. H. Loughridge
of the State University spoke on tho
"Conservation of Soil Moisture." In the
afternoon Professor Fowler made a gen
eral talk on horticultural matters and Pro
fessor Loughridge spoke on "Fertiliza
tion." A good musical programme was
provided for each session and at the con
clusion of each lecture many of those
present participated in the discussion.
The institute will continue in session to
morrow.
School Census in Yolo.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND. May.lL— The school cen
sus of .Yolo v County has been completed.
Small gains are' shown in Woodland, but
in the agricultural districts there are
losses which mnre than counterbalance
the gains. J
Executors Given Power to Invest
Funds in Any Manner They
Choose and Need File
No Bonds.
Hundred - Thousand Dollar
Estate Distributed Among
Relatives.
BEQUESTS IN
THE WILL OF
MISS STANFORD
tures. The ground is nearly ready for the
new Hayward building at the northeast
corner of Montgomery and California
streets. The old buildings on the site
have disappeared with some speed. The
construction of the new building will be
gin as soon as possible. The hotel build
ing for Edward B. Hindes must be ready
to be occupied by December 1 next. Dr.
George \V. Merritt has contracted with
Samuel B. Kent, the architects being
Reid Brothers, for a store and oflice build
ing to be erected on the northeast corner
cf Sutter and Mason streets, to cost $19,
500. R. R. Thompson will build a one, two
and three story building on Second and
Bryant streets to cost $4S,&00. The con
tractors are Gray Bros.. George Reichler.
W. \V. Knowles. W. S. Snook & Son and
Thomas M. Butcher.
Mav \V. Robinson has sold the fifty-vara
o"n the southwest corner of Turk and
Larkin streets to Hartland Law for $36,000.
The larger mortgages placed on record
during the week are as follows: James
M. Goewey to the French Savings Bank,
southwest* corner of Page and Laguna
streets. JlS.OOO; L. H. Sly to the Hibernla
Savings and Loan Society, G0-vara at Mc-
Allister and Larkin. $49,000; William Tracy
to the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
McAllister and Laguna streets, $20,000.
A contract has been signed by the Shiels
Estate Companv with William Little, con
tractor, for a three-story building on the
south £ide^)f Bush street, east of Kearny,
to co?t $2^000.
The exclusive news in The Call concern
ing the large purchases of real estate in
this city for the Southern Pacitlc Com
pany was the sensation of the week
among the dealers in realty. There is a
general expectation that other important
developments will follow.
Captain J. H. Bennett has purchased,
through Shainwald. Buckbee & Co., 50x
127:8 on the north line of Washing
ton street. 178 feet west of Spruce street,
upon which he will erect a residence.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold a 50
vara on Fourth and Brannan streets, be
longing to F. S. Peabody. for $33,500. The
property was recently leased and a large
woodon building was going up on it un
der the lease. . This will be completed.
G. H. Umbsen & Co.. in their Real Es
tate Record, say that country lands In
California are now on a sound, paying
basis, and for the following reasons:
"There has been more rain than in fne
two previous seasons, when California
pulled through all right. Looking at the
situation from a business standpoint the
prospects for the horticultural interests
are of the best. The canning industry Is
on a better and a more extended basis
than ever before. The stocks of canned
and dried fruits have been depleted to an
extent greater than In many years. With
the indications of an increased demand
for these products of the State the decid
uous fruit grower should be easily able
to dispose of all his fruits with the
chances of obtaining higher and more
profitable prices than in the past. At this
writing it is impossible to speak with cer
tainty of the handling of the great raisin
and prune crops, but the indications are
favorable for the solution of the problem
in the interest of the co-operative
growers."
Assf-Fsors in the oil counties have some
trouble this year in determining the as
sessable value pt oil lands. In Fresno
County the Board of Supervisors have
been conferring with County Assessor
Ferguson, and a request for the employ
ment of special counsel made by Mr.
Ferguson was denied. One of th*> hardest
questions that the Assessors of "Kern and
Fresno counties will have to consider this
year has been brought to the front by the
rapid development of the oil industry in
these sections. What an oil well is worth
is something that many owners of shares
in oil companies would like to find out.
In Los Angeles during the, month of
April the permits to build represented a
value of $170.9r> in the aggregate.
Roal estate sales and building improve
ments continue active in San Diego. Up
to date the value represented by building
permits is three times as preat as it was
up to the corresponding date last year.
The permits for 1S9S amounted to ?243,-
S3j. v; ¦• -: ¦ • .
A syndicate, said to be headed by Gen
eral Manager Nevin of the Santa Fe Rail
way system, has purchased a tract of for
ty acres in Los Angeles, opposite the
grounds of the Country Club, in the south
western part cf the city. The price paid
was $20,000. TK? property will be subdi
vided into building lots.
Los Angeles is about to have a new six
story hotel building at the southwest cor
ner of Spring and Fourth streets, the lot
being 120x150 feet. The hotel will be built
by an Eastern man. J. W. Hunt, of Ashe
ville. N. C. The owner is reported to have
recently paid $110,000 for a one-fourth in
terest In the lot.
The San Diego Trustees are advertising
for plans In competition for the erection
of a library building in San Diego which
will cost, when completed. $50,000. A win;?
will be added to the State Normal School
at San Diego and the secretary of the
board has been authorized to advertise
for bids for the construction of the same.
There is a fund of $45,000 left from the
previous appropriation, and the next Leg
islature will be asked to make an addi
tional appropriation.
A deed has been filed by which the Mag
netic Springs property In Santa Cruz
County, near Glenwood. has been trans
ferred to the Magnetic Springs Company.
A two-story hotel of seventy rooms will
be erected thereon.
Plans have been accented for an assem
bly hall to adjoin, the Chabot Observatory
In Oakland. The plans were made by
Louis L. Stone^
*Vl tfH'I-E the pecticn known as Pa-
V. )'/ I ciSc Heights is viewing the erec
v/W tion of several residences that
range in cost from $20,000 to JoO,-
C00; wrhUe the section sout'i of Market
Etreet and east cf First is alive with the
gtir and bustle of work upon several fine
and expensive business structures and
others are planned in that vicinity: with
Market street steadily building up and
California street sure to be ihe scene of
preat operations in the building line in
the near futuie; with hotel, business and
rerider.ee buildings going up in various
parts of the city, the reafty situation is
not bad. Such is the opinion of intelli
gent observers, and the signs of the com
ing greatness of San Francisco have never
teen so clearly in view as now. Large
sales of realty continue.
This week brings the news that rv great
family hotel is about to be erected on
California street at the southwest corner
at Jones by Edward B. Hindes, and that
l-he erection of a fine building on the pres
ent site cf the Merchants' Exchange is
almost certain. A new store will go up at
once on Market street, next south of the
r.*w building for Hale Brothers, on lers^a
ground, which will be occupied by Brun
ner Brothers of Sacramento. This will
be either five or s=ix etories high. These
are some of the leading announcements of
the week. A uO-vara at the northwest
rorr.fr of Taylor and Ellis streets has
been sold for $140,003 through the agency
<if Shafnwald, Buckbtc & Co., who also
ma<Je the lease of the Market-street prop
erty for Brunner Brothers' n*>w store.
The building contracts for the week as
Klven rut are not fcr any very large struc-
CITY AND COUNTRY REALTY
The reception committee has already
adopted a uniform hat, so that the mem
bers can be readily distinguished, and
details have been made by the chairman
From every part of the State come
promises to attend, and certainly tfie lo
cal Endeavorers are doing all in their
power to assure visitors a pleasant and
profitable time.
The street decorations will consist of
lines of flags stretched across the thor
oughfares. The flags will extend from
the Southern Pacific depot on Main street
to El Dorado street, and north on that
street to Weber avenue; up the avenue to
San Joaquin street and south to the Pa
vilion. Several lines of flags will also
be stretched across Hunter-street square
opposite the courthouse. •
will be gathered in graceful folds at each
of the posts. The chorus platform and
the speakers' stand will be one mass of
color and flowers.
Special Dirpatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 11.— The local 1900
committee of the Christian Endeav
orers have things well in hand for
the big State gathering next week.
The headquarters present a busy
scene, several secretaries being employed
in various branches of the preparatory
work. The local societies are calculating
on entertaining 3000 visitors. Frank E.
Pratt and his corps of assistants, who
will decorate the town, have arrived and
they are busily engaged in decorating the
pavilion, where the convention will con
vene.
Early next week the -work of decorat
ing the str-.ets will be commenced. In
the b'.g agricultural pavilion the colors
of the Christian Endeavor Society, purple
and sold, will predominate. They will
be blended with patriotic colors and the
so that no train or steamer arriving in
the city with delegates will be overlooked.
A chorus of 200 voices, which will fur
nish the music for the convention, is be
ing drilled regularly, and several artiscs
of State reputation have been engaged
to appear during the four days' meeting.
On Sunday afternoon a men's rally will
be held at the Pavilion under the super
vision ef the Young Men's Christian As
sociation. Great benefits are anticipated
from this meeting.
Permanent headquarters have been
opened In the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union Miller Memorial Hall and
stenographers employed to look after the
correspondence incident to the conven
tion. The committee in charge of the en
tertainment of the guests are securing
quarters to accommodate the hundreds of
strangers who will come to Stockton.
big building Mill be made as gay as pos
sible. Broad streamers will be draped
from all the chandeliers and will extend
up to the roof in the center of the build
ing, forming a huge, bell-shaped dome.
| Purple and gold bunting will be draped
«11 «V»^ «-o*. ekvr\ivr>A lYia Viiilnnni' rail anA
PROMINENT STATE OFFI
CERS OF THE CHRISTIAN EN
DEAVOR SOCIETY.
Chorus of Two
Hundred Is
Being Trained
for Occasion.
City Streets to ;
Be Decorated
in Honor of
the Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., May 11.— Mighty old
Yukon, the miners' highway during win
ter to the Klondike gold fields, is break
ing up. It will be soon, if it is not now,
free of ice, which is so rotten that the
Northwest mounted police last Friday
prohibited navigation on Lake Bennett.
News of the threatened break-up came
to-day from Bud Harkins i and E. H.
Clear, two passengers from. Dawson.
They are probably the last men to get
out this season over the ice. Mr. Harkins
has the distinction of being one of the
very first men to come out over the ice
last fall. Twelve days from Dawson was
the time made by Harkins and Clear.
They left Dawson April 22 and walked
every foot of the way.
They, report that nearly all the road
houses aro preparing to close; that sev
eral cattle expeditions were met on the
trail and that two mail parties were met
bound in. Mr. Clear says:
"The river is open from Thirty Mile to
Selkirk. The steamer Florence S3. was to
have left the foot of Lake Labarge for
Dawson during the week, and the Flora
was to have got away. They had some
passengers. At Dawson the trail is in
lair condition. The water which was on
the ice had disappeared. The cut-off was
bare and muddy. Labarge was good. We
passed two mail expeditions, one at Sel
wyn and one at Hootchlkoo. Both will
get in. The mail people used horses over
the Dominion cut-off, canoes from
Hootchlkoo to Selkirk and dog teams the
remainder of the distance
"A Frenchman with a herd of cows was
met between Cariboo and White Horse.
The Canadian Development Company is
closing its road houses on the cut-on".
The roadhouse at Labarge and river
points will remain open with hopes of
continued patronage from river travei
trs ff ¦ *
SEATTLE, May 11.— Telegraphic reports
regarding river conditions on the Yukon
to E S Busby, agent of the Canadian
customs at Skaguay, at noon on May 5
were as follows: , ' .'
White Horse— The river Is open out into
Lake La Barge two or three miles. Lower
La Barge— Lake is becoming very soft and
bad. Five Fingers— Water is at a stand
still and ice is jammed at Five Fingers
and above. Big Salmon— River is open to
within six miles of Tantalue and there is
a big jam there. River is rising fast, about
three inches a day. Tantalus— Ice has been
running since last night. River rose a
few inches during night. Hootalinqua—
River is Jammed in several places and
seems to be breaking. _
Alaska papers recelvea in Seattle pub
lish the fact that the first steamer of the
«eason to turn a wheel on the Yukon is
the Florence S. i She got under way and
steamed from Hootalinqua to Lower La
Barge, passing up through Thirty-mile
River. This marks the beginning of navi
gation on the Yukon for the season of 1900.
KILLED BY ELECTRICITY.
Man and Woman Come in Contact
With Live Trolley Pole.
LOS ANGELES, May 11. — An accident
early this morning, which resulted in the
death of Mrs. Lizzie Wozencraft, was a
most peculiar one. The woman was killed
by a shock of electricity which came
down through an iron trolley pole. She
and her husband lived on Santa Fe. ave
nue, south of Fifth street. They had
been drinking heavily and last night
started uptown, both intoxicated, as the
man says. At Fifth and San Pedro streets
Wozencraft stumbled against one of the
poles supporting the trolley line. One of
the brace wires became loosened from the
wire conducting the circuit and fell, rest-
Ing on the pole.
News Brought Out by Two Miners
Who Walked Out in Good Time
From the Klondike Me
tropolis.
River Route to the Dawson
Gold Fields Will Soon
Be Open.
ICE ON YUKON
HOW RAPIDLY
BREAKING UP
STOCKTON PREPARES TO
WELCOME ENDEAVORERS
THE SAN , FRAyCI^CO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
5
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
*jk . wharf. San Francisco:
iffia^^ For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m..
|5£§ls?$v May u - J '"'- - 1 - -'"¦ 3: * Jun<? "-
CQByftLjyyfr^ Chariee to romi'any's steam-
?PvWriJxa^ frs at t;patt '-'"-
fsSVQ^JiBi For Victoria. Vancouver (V..
fiaiaa«<5\i1 r '->- Port Townsend. S-stt'..-.
\i Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
•'MM and Xew 'Whatcoin (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. May 11. IB. 21, 26. 31.
June 5, and every nfth day thereafter; chan«9
at Seattle to this company's steamers tor
Alaska ard G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— lrt a. m.. May
13. IS. 23 ?S. June 2, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos Port Harford (San Lut^Oblspo*. Gaviota.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Los Ar.ttelen) and Newport—
9 a. m.. May 11. 15. 13. 23. 27. 31. June 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stooping only at Port Harfnr'l
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
' Angeles and Redomlo <Los Angeles) — 11 a. m..
May 13. 17. 21. 23, 2?. June 2. and every fourtli
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay, San Jose d*-l
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosaii-t
and Guaymas i Mexico >— 10 a. m., May S, and
L 7th cf each month thereafter.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to chants
steamer*, nalllnn datf»s and hours of satllrs
withrM t previous retire.
TICKKV OVflCE- 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALU PERKINS * CO.. Oen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Fram-iaco.
THF. 0. R. &, N. ML
DISrATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Sr>ear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class including Berth
IMnU $3 Second Clas* and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 13. 23. June 2
COLUMBIA SAILS May IS, 28, June 7
Short line- to Walla Walla, Spokane. Eutte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
COX7A0NIB t F..HERALE TUASSATLAJCTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2. 1S9». at -^•***—
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. May 17: L*AQt;i-
TAINE. May 24; LA TOCRAINE. May 31; L.V
BRETAGNE. June 7. First class to Havre.
$&> and upward: a per*cnt reduction on found
trip. Second class to Havre. 145: 5 p»r cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, a Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBUKO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Applv to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'dVy.NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured bufore departure.
HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Aarts. for Pacific Coast.
491 California st.. corner Sansome, S. F.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-nONOLULC, APIA
AUCKLAND A.N1) Sl'DXEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
Wednesday. May 3ft. 1300. 2 P. M.
S. S ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia. ...Wed.. May 16, IP. II.
J. U. aPxECktiLSa »..Ua. CO.. «nt».. .-* rt(!ntccm».j
Pier 7 t.-«at Pacific St FBi«Mimi« ?>?¦> m~ •-.» st
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. Tue?.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat., at 9:43
a. m.; 3:13. S:20 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:SO: Sundays 10:30 a. m.. %
p. m. Landing and office Mlswion-street Dock-
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main l^S.
FARE SOc
** J rff?3£ : ?T5>>*'»j|r7 C2 " « »" » non-poncr.r^|
t'^ff^V^^VV'J r»ined7 fcr Uonorriiup*.
Glwt, Sj«rmatorrhon,
e5B!-&ia 1 « » l*T'- ¦ flin vv fci««»- unnatural ii*
<3?Zy Qnir»ot^d £j rhar^s, or »ny infla-^nja.
H*tJ! ' net to ttrtotanw tion, lirrlUtton or utcera*
5^— » ? ri»tau aoataelaa. tion ot nncou; aiem*
¦fKt THEE»A.13 Ciaeiru Ca branea. Noo-aatrisgcnS.
T^Ac:Nc;f<»iAr..o.£J^J «om »? ornffuu.
iwSWrV c " x Afc* or S3nt ' a pl*'n wripror.
*^2»rIhow_'^& ?; J 7 nr extni \ PrcpaiJ. fa*
tS SSn3mx9f» 9 m I 1 - 00 - or J bottl**. *2.:x
H CtXGQUMt MBS CA C>USriMk
fijcsli ftooivYnr
OCEAN TBAVEL.
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 tons burden)
F. WARREN. Master.
— FOR —
«
Via Seattle, on or about
MAY 18, I900.
The passengers' accommodations hav« been
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. The tables will be
supplied with the best the market produces.
and will be unsurpassed by any vessel In the
Xome trade.
Will Have Experienced Ice Pi'ots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prompt landing at their,
destination.
For passage, freight, cold storage or Informa-
tion auDly at once to
J. J. HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Rm, 6.
Or to Purser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
Will Dispatch From
SAN* FRANCISCO Direct for
USTOIMIE
The Well-Known ALASKA FLYER.
S. S. HUMBOLDT,
Sailing WEDNESDAY- -May 39.
•«?",' S. ZEALANDIA,
Second rallincr (approx.).... Jun* Kth
Through service for Dawson and all Yukca
River points.
For passage and frelsht rates apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
General-Offices, 139. POST STREET.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW Y0SK. SOUTHAMPTON. L05D0!*. PARIS.
Storpir.K at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m. I
St. Paul May 1G Pt. Paul June 8
St. Louis May 23 St. Louis June U
New York ..May 30 New York. June 20
KE.D STA.-^ LINi.
Fevl Yor'< end Antw*r-»
From New York, every Wednesday. 12 noon. '
Southwark May'lfij Noordland June <
Westernland ....May K? Frlesland June 13
Kensington May 301 Southwark June JO
S. S. Ohio sails from Eteuart-st. wharf. San
Francisco, for Nome, on May 15. 2:50 p. m.
From Seattle May Zt. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, but limited freight space
is still available. Subsequent saillnss from
Seattle June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agents.
TOYO KISJLN KAISHAT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COH-
ner First and Brannan streets 1 t>. m
tor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling a't
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnr.
SS. AMKRICA MARU
Saturday. May 19th, 1303
SS. HONGKONG MARU
.Thursday. June Hth 13C0
SS. NIPPON MARU... .Tuesday, July loth 1300
' Via Honolulu.
- Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
. W. H. A VERY, General Agent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Exhales from children as fragrance from
flowers. The little lips are always puck-
ered to give or take a kiss. In homes
where there are children, love reaches
its fairest and sweetest proportions. In
childless homes the kiss of wife and
husband grows formal, and presently is
neglected ; the springs of love in the
heart become choked for want of use
and exercise. Childlessness is a great
sorrow to many women. It is like a
curse from Nature, who bids all crea-
tures to be fruitful. It is not a curse
but a misfortune. Often the conditions
which cause childlessness are removable.
T.r. Pierce's Favorite Prescription has
brought joy to many a woman by giving
her the happiness of motherhood. It
gives to the womanly organs vigor and
vitality, removes local obstructions, and
practically does away with the pains and
pangs of maternity.
There is no alcohol or narcotic in * Fa-
vorite Prescription."
"I hsvc never written you how grateful I am
to vou for vour help in securing good health
and one of the sweetest, dearest, thirteen pound
girls th=.t ever came into a home." writes Mrs.
M. Vastine. of 647 South Libertv St.. Galesburp.
III. "X toot sir bottles of Dr. fterce's Favorite
Prescription, four of the ' Golden Medical Dis-
covery,' and four vials of * Pleasant Pellets.'
Before I had taken four bottles of the ' Favorite
Prescription • I was a new woman. I cannot
make pen describe my heart-felt gratitude. "
To keep the bowels regular use Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.
IMvStylish SIC -so 5
§ /pM Suits "^ j§
« ttlMv Dressy Suits $20 S
3 Wk Pants *4.5O §
« UH \ My * 25 '? 0 Suits are the «
*^KrIiL*i best in America. I?
§ BjSj 9 C Per Cent Saved by B et-§
mWi / ** n S y°ur suit made byH
g llr JOE POHEIM I
Vj fy TU TAU.CJ k
Sent 1110-1112 Market St S
*/ ree "• 201-203 Mont«?*v St. S. F.g
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.' | THE EMPORIUM.
\ Specials for Men's and Boys' Use,
i ' We want you, to know what a good "Man's Store" this is. You will be
g pleased with the service that we offer and the savings that you can make.
$ Men's Suits. The 12 c size Gen- Men's Puffs,
I A JcfToffofo; 5000 S^^ °"\ '
\ plaved in ths making: th» assortments; of them 1 3-day on/y. niRh-grada Puff Scarf?, oar regular 50c
tf tbe" reasonable prices? There must ba \ »>ne. tojjethar with overstock on ser-
£ some reason for the immense in- , . . . "! "^T, " - * raI graie* thai have retailed from
$ cr^se of ihh branch of our bmi- Ltmi °f $'-<*> ™ th "> * Customer. $1.00 to ?2.00 eich. aboat 70 dm in
K ness- during the past few months. Cigar Department-Rotunda. all, marked for thii day only 00
£ and as an inducement to investi- **? h i!"} ifo E! n h ric V£* h '
g gate- onr. men's clothing -tock, we «#.»«.#«. *7fll M Third Able-Right of Entrance.
V have selected 100 MflJl'S All' <&Mg£M ££5 9 f%jtGa '
Jf Wool Riue or Black ferg- . • / „ lMh£<Si&r** ?£%**
i Cheviots and Fanny Special S lie for saturd i\\ VWnt&HJfj £&Ga
X Cassimero Suits, s>ing'e or from Special Offering— Saturday Only.
|- KneS^ro^^^t 0^ -^^ JoSr^aS "'"rS^r «»«»«* O*r b jn
% handsomely made and trimmed and |l^?3k Z^ of Se rl J* r • ° f aU Bo ? rbo11 Whi3 "
Jf that we grantee will fit eonfortably . Golf Shirt/for p ' e 9 °£ S't JaTon \7 75C
% . —stylish suits— and marked them down /////mmfJIlf about Main Vi^ t> 7 7 "
| for [Saturday g>Q £MK / <^^M 'Mi 'II »*'" F1 ° or ~ Rear -
i only &&m**& (TiYv I 1hel>t oa* -i^
M Tliev are worth at least one-half AV / \\ \ I I real YSO PZ3iTlt3&
gFirr^oor-XearKntrance. V^yWI 42C.
i* #5^1^/^^ \ \°\w\\l Ih quaIity ; hand " This Price Saturday Onlv
£ -mailJJ** ->;_ ,CW\ \\ VI /A' "i" 18 . 8ti ;i p t! The " G '* ain P^et Foot Pnrnp.
£ B HM§M «^O«VC<a»0 l\ 3\ \ !i \ bine and white «@ f u l. Q 1A be folded up and
* One-Chili til Off— SallirJav Onl». Wgf \ \\\ g™"! da L : culs \[ «uTied in teo! bajr or picket, •
i Your Preserved choice of any Boy's \ A°\jt* JolVi «h '2 J Z *l °[ ?*f^ fr
«..'.cvercoat in our Children's ClothiigD.- \ 'AU^ worn with / * plated, serviceab'e.
Jf- partment at one-auantGP /«SS V>2^ W j° e r . w » * J \ \ . , F^ct.cal and as effi-.ent a, a
X than regular prices. Evw st!lTcYi comfortabIe aad fa . sh ionabli ; frii;. * n uTr?™?:™?*'
J coat new this spring. Pretty gam ent3 , ar] ?L50 each f «^ ' r J\ laJy .ov, to-d.y
t' in coverts, whipcords and vicunas pro- day " S *J& „ T <*£C
fc* decei by noma of the best makers in "*/''T/Y'''Z''L\''''V"~"''' Pj t??V T °°
g America. R:member, to-day, and to- Third Aisle-Right of Entrance. Clip -con- _ n,
% day only. ¦', u° rE " ,,w ? "UUP*
V One^uarter Off. Men'& HSltS. -'Mu ft' f^^rT
1&2.5Q ShOeS, Special Off^n*— Saturday Only. [V*Jl?Lrt l^^^O^
I? s*t<fl S%ff% We sell a grada of Derby and Fedora Hat? enedsteel.nickel \^/
&§ ffOvs I regularly for $1.85 that yau have alwayi poli3h; regular-
* 4 K«nh fnr Saiurdav Only had to pay $2.50 for. To-day, to introduce ly 25c pair, spacial Saturday
J. A Snap. J or Saturday umy. this department particularly to your notice, only /4o
$ Men's Chocolata Color Vici WJ^*^ WC Wiil 88 " thCSe |1>85 bat3 3t Sporting Goods-Second Floor.
»; Kid Lace Shoes; new opera Wo/ j ' OnC'QuaHer Off Regular __ _ .
i ¦^^l^ si °^M A n fc ' H , / ™ s ?\ Razor Strop.
% larlv $2 50 Wto^r&'W ot $1.85, to-day ¦ $1.39 Genuine Ruwiaa L3ather and Horsehide
A* nair- to-^ay /^^ /ST*^ Fedora Hats— Black, browc, maple, Swiag Raz:>r Siropi, also two and four
*f ' v ' y^>v J\ cedar, contrast or pearl ; in3tead of $183. side Cambinatiin Strops, on -.
*C $1m89 CJbiht-^*^^ to-day .*. $1.39 special sate this day oa'y. each. IOC
| m«: Elizabeth^ P ©oW^BlifeBile ffiaxaaiH 0 . M $540j
I sopian^sloht. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST -jSTORE b^frb^IfonTe.
1 All Remedies. ' *" " * . Permanently. fi
M ELECTROZONE Is a wonderful medicine — a combination of the g|
» very elements of life. It is guaranteed to cure every case recom- tl
H ¦ .nended. A long-looked-for boon, hailed with joy by sick^and suffer- Bj
WX Ing men and women throughout the civilized world, who hitherto m
KA have had no weapon of defense to combat the ravages of bacteria, JN|
\§L microbe or other parasites that consume and shorten life. K1
p! "We call your attention to this wonderful remedy: stand ready to M
l«J ' refer you to many cured by its use and guarantee, it to cure you. fo]
1^ Thousands willlnKlv testlfv to the merits of this great curative. M
Kj ELECTROZONE acts like magic in curing the following diseases, W
|s no matter how long standing and obstinate they may be: m
I Rheumatism Female Complaints |
I Kidney and Bladder Ailments Nervousness I
I Stomach Troubles Catarrh I
I All Blood Diseases Tired Feeling |
(8 A CA F7 TA LIST IN DORS ES IT: 0
Kg - :^LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May IS, 1S39.. Fa
aft ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.— Gentlemen: Your Electrozcne has done me Eg
Em more irood than , some J1600 I have In Los Ansele? spent during the past fcl
H three years for medical attendance. My rheumatism has entirely grone and the |e|
&1 stomach difficulty also.' I can now eat without distress food that during- the Cg
El past seven years I have not been able to touch. : I sleep sound the entire night. fM
M i herewith grant. the Electrozone- Manufacturing Company the privilege to fig
H use the above statement and my picture,; as they deem best. ¦ *u
§3 UBC . ; ¦ JOHN CAMPBELU H
13 Sworn to and subscribed before me this ISth day of May. _1S99. ; |&
W ' Notary. Public In and for the County of Los Angeles, State of California, rw
At PruR«cists - Send for pamphlets to Ml
. jl a bottle. ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., San Francisco. |JUNCLE SAM : "Keep Out of There, George. There Is Nothing In It for You."
GOLD DOLIvARS-Reader. City. Gold
dollars were coined in the United States
mints from 1S49 to 1889. The prices that
ANSWERS TO COBBESPONBENTS.
FOREIGNERS IN THE WAR— H. M..
City. There is no complete record of the
number of foreign-born soldiers who
fought in the war of the Rebellion. There
has been an approximation of those who
served in the Union army. That shows
a percentage of 24.52.
THE JUSTICES— H. E. B.. West Point.
Cal. The Justices of the United States
Supreme Court are: Melville W. Fuller.
Chief Justice; John M. Harlan, Horace
Gray. David J. Brewer, Henry B. Brown.
George Shiras Jr.. Edward T>. White. Ru
fus W. Peckham and Joneph McKenna.
dealers charsre for such coins varies with
the date and scarcity. The lowest prlc«
charged Is $2 50 and the highest is $25.
The highest price demanded is for the is
sue of 1S73.
The trustees of the Free Public Library want a
builuing of their own. This is not, however, a good
reason for them to take a building which belongs to
somebody else.
It is reported that Congress will adjourn early, so
we may after all have a little rest from politics this
summer before. the Presidential campaign racket
fCts in.
Diamonds are evidently trumps in the little game
of love as it is played in Oakland. The fond hearts
of a dentist and a widow have been wrenched
.asunder in the loss of a "sparkler."
OVER and over again efforts have been made
to put an end to the free distribution of seed
by Congressmen. It has been asserted the
practice injures the trade of seedsmen without con
ferring any special benefits to farmers, and, moreover.
it has be«*n said the farmers are indifferent upon the
subject and care very little for seed obtained in that
The first of these assertions is correct enough. The.
practice does injure the legitimate seed business. Ths
second is open to dispute. Some recipients of Con
gressional bounty in the way of seed may be un
affected by the gift, but now and then there is one
who feels a deep gratitude and does not hesitate to
express it.
One of the appreciative ones recently wrote to his
Congressman, giving thanks in these words:
Kind sir and esteemed friend, I have (he p^eds. They
cam* thif moroir.R and suit very welL specially the
cabbape sesd which rtows well in this soil, please send
me 2 loads of fertiliser and a new liarrer and if you
coyld send me a man for a couple of days I- would be
obligtd. With this help I know the garden stuff will
turn out al rite and I will send Rome to you and the
president. Your gratful well wisher and Supporter.
What further demonstration is required of the bene
fit of free seed distribution? The writer of the letter
is not only grateful for what he received, but has a
logical 2nd natural expectation of favors to come.
If the -Government is to furnish him with cabbage
seed, why not wjth fertilizers, a harrow and a man?
Let the good work go on.
A GRfTTEfUL CONSTITUENT.
California Ii2« two members of the Public Lands
Committee of the House and one member of tha:
committee in the Senate. It would seem that these
members of Congress should have sufficient influence
to get justice to California settlers who want land.
The State wants them to have it. We want more set
tlers, more homes, more land tilled, more surplus
j-roduccd to export and bring back wealth for our
people. We war.t more thousands of self-supporting,
fcH-rcspecting citizens, and we don't want the public
domain frescoed with scrip secured by speculators.
The State Board of Trade has taken up this matter,
and as far as we know is the only organization that
has seen the necessity for action. We ask other citi
zens who know the facts to let us know them. When
settler? petition for smveys, as the law requires, there
must be some way of getting for them their legal
rights.
THE letter of Mr. McFaull. indorsing The Call'?
demand that the public lands of California be
surveyed in the interest of the actual settler,
discloses conditions which make such survey an
emergency i«sue. It is an insufferable situation that
petitions of actual settlers for surveys are pigeon
holed, while scrip-holders are plastering; the public
domain and causing its withdrawal from market.
The actual settler has no money to buy scrip, no lands
in hand to exchange for lieu scrip. He makes his
living out of land as an owner and tiller of the soil.
The laws of the country put the land within his reach.
if it be surveyed so that he can make his location and
get his paicnt when lit has fulfilled the conditions oi
ownership. To put on the unsurveyed domain the
permanent blister of a scrip lien and put it beyond
the reach of such settlers is the wrong policy.
PUBLIC LAND SURVEYS.
The "liberated" Cubans are learning early the ethics
and amenities of American politics. Mammoth postal
frauds, involving the theft of hundreds of thousands
of dollars, have been discovered r ia the service at
Havana.
SALARIES OF NATIONAL OFFICIALS.
DOCUMENT No. 56 of the Republican Club oi
the City of New York contains an elaborate
argument in favor of an increase of official
salaries by the National Government, and presents an
array of facts and statistics interesting as an evidence
of the conservatism which has controlled Congress
year after year in dealing with such questions. It
appears from the record that, with the exception of
the increase in the salaries of the President and Judges
of the Supreme Court in 1873, the diplomatic service
in 1856 and of Congress in 1866, there has been no
general revision or increase of the salaries in the
great departments of the Government since the act of
March 3, 1853, passed under, the administration of
President Fillmore, more than forty-five years ago.
Owing to a lack of a comprehensive revision of
the salaries of our officials we have the result that one
of the subordinates of the Secretary of the Treasury
now receives a salary of $12,000 per annum, while the
Secretary himself receives only $8000; and one of the
assistant Treasurers of the United States receives
$8000 a year, while the Treasurer receives but $6000.
Furthermore, it is pointed out that' the Judges of the
Supreme Court in the County of New York receive
$17,500 per annum, or $7000 more than the Chief Just
ice and $7500 more than the Associate Justices of the
Supreme Court of "the United States; and the city
police magistrates of. the city of New .York receive
$7000 per annum, or $1000 more than the Cireuit and
$2000 more than the District Judges of the United
States. . -^ -
At the time when the present salaries of the Vice
President and the Cabinet officers' were fixed, in the
closing days of Fillmore's administration in 1853, and
the revision of ; the diplomatic salaries was made in
1856, the United States 1 had a population of hardly
more than 25,000,000, and the annual revenues from all
sources were less than $59,ooo,of5o. At the present
time the population of the country is estimated at
more than 75,000,000, and our annual revenue now ex
ceeds $500,000,000. It is clear, therefore, that if the
strength and wealth of a nation be proper standards
by which to regulate the salaries and dignities of its
officials, we can well afford' to 'pay* far more than the
sums fixed in the old days of Fillmore!
In conclusion, the report, which was drawn up by
the committee on national affairs of the, club, says:
"Congress should take immediate measures to revise
the salaries in all the great departments of the Gov
ernment, placing them on a business basis, and accord
to each officer a fair and reasonable salary for the
services rendered. Is there- a wage earner in any oc
cupation within the limits of the republic whose wages
or salary has not been materially increased during the
last twenty-five years except the Government officers?
In the revision of salaries if Congress should accord
to the President of the United 'States the salary now
paid to the President of France, which*- has less than
"one half of our population, and whose national debt is
more than four times larger^it would at least solve the
problem of "what we ought to do with our ex-
Presidents."
One of the Bryanite campaign calculators says -New
York, Ohio. Indiana and Minnesota are doubtful
States this year, and on '-that basis he ¦¦ estimates that
Bryan has a chance, of election. It would have been
better for him to have said "a ghost of a chance."
., Our. Philadelphia contemporary is in error in say-;
ing California is free/from forest fires because those
who "arc responsjble for them are punished. -The
losses by fire !in\this. State every year are enormous;
and it would be. difficult to point out a single instance
of the punishment of any one for causing them, either
hy the courts or by the summary action of the people-
Lynch, law punishmcqt, moreover, is not desirable."
What is needed is law/ and the importance of that law
is going to.be^demohstrated this year again as it has
been every. year o.f '.the; past since first the white man
established himself in the State.
Commenting 'upon the disastrous results of forest
fires within the last two or three : years the Philadel
phia Record says: "In the pinery region of Wiscon
sin hundreds of miles covered by the. best timber were
swept by a conflagration started by loggers in camp.
There were no arrests, and, therefore, other loggers
and the many; hunters who build fires in the woods
continue to be reckless. It is quite otherwise in Cali
forniar-not because of- the stringency of the laws,
but because of the certain "punishment of offenders
at the -hands of the people whose lives and property
are endangered.by forest fires." . • ' .
Whether the agitation of the issue this year will
have much more effect than in past years remains to
be seen. It is certainly worth while, for! the press
throughout the country to give as mtich attention to
it as possible, for it is only by insistent repetition that
the evil results of. the. false economy of leaving the
forests unprotected can be made so clear to the peo
ple that they will eventually enforce by legislative act
a policy of true economy in protecting them.
FOREST FIRE WARNINGS.
\J\ ANY of our Eastern exchanges are making 1
I V A .^the approach of summer the occasion for re
viewing the campaign of education ' on the
subject 1 of "forest fires; and forest preservation. The
issue is a timely one because at this -season thousands
of dwellers"in:cities are- preparing for, camping expe
ditions in the woqds;; -and it : is H well known. that a con-'
siderable proportion. of _fqrest,.fires are : due to the
carelessness of : campers. The discussion of the mat
ter just now': has 'therefore the. double advantage of
putting intending campers, on guard against the dan
ger of fire and of impressing upon the public gener
ally . the importance of a V comprehensive 'system of
forest .protection'-- • . : ;-,',;: ; / : i. '-'.;. .
: The subject .is lone- that fbc'rnany years, past has at-;
tracted* public ¦¦ attention . with;, each .succeeding sum
mer, and as _.theTnumbe'rof'_fir.es increased in the"; fall
before the rains, began, ijias aroused something like a
determination in;eaclv State to demand effective legis
lation to protect.'.Jhe woods';'. With the return of win
ter, however,, popular interest on the subject has. died
out with the fires, and in hardly a single State has
anything like an. effective .supervision of forests been
provided. Some 'States -have done more than others,
but none has doneVencugh, and California is among
those thai: :have done' least.
m* --fgJIS^ oteiu
SATURDAY MAY 12. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
I'1'I1L.JCATJO.\ OFFICE.. Market nnd Third. S. F.
Telephone Main lSttS.
CDlTOniAL ROOMS.... 717 t«» 221 Sterensoa St.
Telephone Main 1S74.
DeltTerea t»y CurrJen. 15 Cent* fer Weelc
• ftnele Copicn. 5 Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Including Postages
DAILY CALL (including Eusday). one year S<VM
DATLT CALX. Ondudlnc Esnday). 6 months S.OO
DAILY CALL Cacludlog Sunday). 3 montha 1.33
DAILY CALL- Uy Blngle itontii «5e
tUKDAT CALL One Tear 1-50
WEEKLT CALL One Tear.... *-<W
?11 postmasters are antborlxed to receive
labtcrlnllooi.
Caxnpl* ccplea »Ui b» rrrwar<J*<i when re<juest»d.
O.iKUM) OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
f/ar.2g«r Foreign Advertising. Marquetts Butdinjr, Ch ; cajjo.
<Lozxc Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
jcctt tork con respondent:
C. C. CARLTON .^. Herald Square
, v
KKW TOP.K. lii^fiti^sENTATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH - '.SO Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS :
Ebermaa Honse; P. O. Neva Co.; Great Northern Bet?!:
Fmnoct House; Auditorium IIou-I.
KEW TORIC NEWS STAKI>S:
Wajflorf -Aetorl* lif.el; A. BreaUno. 31 Celts S<raare;
X!crr*y Bill HotcL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
VCRTON -E. CRANE. Correspondsnt.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 McritsDniery. corner of Clay, rpen
until 5:20 o'clock. SCO Hayes, own until 9:C0 o'clock. 63?
McAllister, cjien until S:S0 o'clock. CIj Larkin. open untii
S-.-30 o'<rlr>ck. 1M1 MlFSion. open until 10 o'clock. Z251 Market.
rornfr Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock." 106 Kleventh. oi>en until 3 o'clock. N"\V. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
Oakland is being afflicted with something wor«e
than the footpad scare. A resident of the town has
gone insane on the belief that he is being pursued by
Southern Pacific detectives.
the Populist platform his report need not have been
changed.
Other features in that platform will have further
comment. -
It will be seen, then, that the financial theory upon
which Colonel Bryan is nominated comprises free
coinage of gold and silver at a ratio of 16 to 1, and
an unlimited issue of greenbacks. As in Japan, gold
and silver will both go to a premium in paper and
disappear. The difference in their premium over
paper will be the premium of gold over silver, and we
will be left with* all the evil effects of that system
which. appeared in Japan and everywhere where the
experiment has been tried.
If Mr. Uchida had set out to write a criticism oi
Here now is an experience external to us, the work
ing out of the financial problem by a people who
went through all its phases. They found themselves
io the grasp of the principles based in natural law
which were stated by Hamilton and Jefferson, who
agreed that the ratio of gold and silver is a commer
cial problem, determined by the market and not by
statute, and that our standard of value should be the
same as that of nations with which we have the great
est trade.
Mr. Uchida describes the effect of reducing several
kinds of paper currency to one kind and its redemp
tion in gold, making it par with that metal. He says:
"Prices have ceased to fluctuate as they did in former
times. The elimination of that risk from business cal
culations is resulting in a sound development of our
industries and commerce. This fact is shown by the
enormous increase within the last two years of the
clearings of the associated banks in Tokio and Osaka,
the two great centers of business activity in our coun
try; in the favorable condition of our foreign trade:
in the stability of prices for agricultural products and
in the wages of labor. In all domestic dealings the
purchasing power of the money used for payment is
at par with the money of nations enjoying the highest
economic development. This places those engaged
in agriculture and manufactures, the wage-earners
and the consumers )f imported goods, on a footing
of equality with all gold standard countries and se
cures for them every advantage that gold standard
countries have monopolized in dealing with silver
using countries. No effect of the adoption of the
single gold standard is more noticeable than the
benefits realized by merchants engaged in business
between Japan and other gold standard countries.
With the adoption of the gold standard the exchange
between those countries and our own became stable
and ceased to fluctuate with the silver market of the
world, which has been so unstable in recent years.
This benefit to the export merchants communicated
itself through them to those engaged in agriculture and
manufacturing, producing the commodities that enter
into our export trade." . „
By the year 1896 Count Matsukata was ready to be
gin his final reform, which was the establishment of
the single gold standard, and the new coinage law
declared: "The weight of two fun of pure gold shall
be the unit of value and shall be called one yen." One
fun is equal to 5.8333 grains avoirdupois. Approxi
mately this gold yen is one-fifth in weight of our gold
dollar.
"In 1881 Count Matsukata was appointed Minister
of Finance. The national currency was in a morbid
state and was working disastrous effects upon' indus
tries, commerce and finance. He advised that the cir
culation of the paper currency should be decreased;
that the specie reserve of the treasury should be in
creased, aiming at the final redemption of all paper
currency in specie; that for the establishment of a
sound currency system in our country a strong central
bank be organized, with the exclusive privilege of is
suing paper currency, redeemable on demand in
specie; that all Government and national bank notes
should be replaced with redeemable notes issued by
this bank."
"The law of 1878 was for the purpose of extending
the silver yen. But the attempt was made in vain,
for silver was no more patriotic than gold. It went
to a premium, owing to the excessive depreciation of
our paper currency, and disappeared from circulation,
the same as gold did, driven out by the cheaper paper
currency. The imperial Government found that it
could not maintain gold and silver on a parity by ad
mitting both .metals to free coinage on equal terms at
a ratio of 16.17 to 1, on account of the depreciation in
the price of silver as compared with gold in the mar
kets of the world. Unequal as to each other, both
metals were unequal with the depreciated paper cur
rency which took their place. ¦ In 1878 gold was at
a premium over paper of 1 15.8, silver was at a pre^
ni-um of 103.3. In 1881 the gold premium over-paper
was 184. and the silver premium was 169.5. . This
shows that paper currencj- was rapidly depreciating,
and that gold and silver were gradually parting corn
pan}'. Under these circumstances both gold and sil
ver coins disappeared from circulation, and only
paper currency and some subsidiary coins were left to
be used in the daily transaction of business. •
Mr. Uchida says: "Our currency being different in
kind from that which was in general use in the inter
national commerce of neighboring countries, in 1878,
the imperial Government enacted a law making the
silver yen a legal tender for any amount and purpose
in all parts of the empire.. This put the silver yen
on an equal footing with the gold yen. It abolished
the gold standard and adopted the double standard,
with the free coinage of silver and gold on equal
terms, at the ratio of 16.17 to 1. Prior to this, in 1871,
the Government issued an enormous amount of in
convertible paper money. This paper, instead of
gold, became the monetary standard of trade.
It depreciated and drove gold out of circula
tion. Prices were quoted in the depreciated paper
currency and corresponded to the premium on gold,
so there was a general seeming appreciation of prices.
Mr. Uchida, a Japanese gentleman, has published
the financial experience of his country, to which we
call the attention of the supporters of this Populist
platform that demands free coinage of gold and silver,
at 16 to I, and an unlimited issue of greenbacks; gold,
silver and greenbacks to. be full legal tender.
Let us dispose of these financial propositions by
an experience outside of the United States, which
demonstrates that jiatural law operates everywhere in
the selection and circulation of a currency.
THE Populist convention at Sioux Falls, repre
senting the fusion wing. of that organization,
has met, resolved and nominated Bryan and
Towne. It was a large convention, but whether rep
resentative or not cannot be estimated, as the repre
sentation of States seems to have been manipulated
by the committee, so that the convention rather re
sembled a mass-meeting than a delegated body. The
first thirteen paragraphs in the platform and its pre
amble relate to the financial question. The gold stan
dard law is viciously denounced, the refunding of the
national debt at 2 per cent interest thereunder is
treated as a crime against the taxpayers, who have to
pay the interest.: The demand is made that all paper
currency be issued by the treasury direct,- in' the form
of greenbacks," as -full legal tender paper, money, with
its volume so controlled as to "maintain at all times
a stable price level."' The free coinage 'of silver at
\6 to i is demanded with a degree of ferocity unusual
even in Populist conventions.
THE FUSION POPULISTS.
. Beginning May 13 th« "OVERLAND L.IM- i
ITED," : the Union ; Pacific's ; splendid 6Jt£-hour
'.'flyer" to Chicago, ; will leave San Francisco*
dally at 10 a. m. , instead of S :80. The PAST
MAIL, will leave dally; at 8 p. m. instead of
«:30. with through Pullman and tourist sleepers
for Chicago.'-" Perfect dining car service on both
trains. \ ' D. W. - Hitchcock, General Agent. 1
Montgomery St.. Ban Francisco.
Finer and Paster Than Ever.
Is the name of the new train the Northern Pa
cific Railway has put Into service between Port
land! and St. Paul. This magnificent train ii
equipped ; with wide vestibules, steel plat
forms, leather upholstered ¦ tourist cars, .the
latest Pullman sleeper* and dining cars, while
the entire train is brilliantly lighted : with In
candescent electric .lights. A luxurious ob
servation car containing all | the conveniences
of any first-class hotel for the accommodation
of both ladles and gentlemen is attached to
the rear end. Send «c In stamps for Illustrated
book "Wonderland," the most beautiful publi
cation Issued by i any railroad in the country.
T. K. Stateler. O. A.. 633 Market St., S. F.; C.
B. Johnson. T. P. A., 125 W. Third st., Los
Angeles.
The "North Coast Limited"
"Suffering cats!" exclaimed the war edi
tor of the yellow Journal, "I can't make
head or tall of this dfspatch from our
special correspondent in South Africa."
"Neither could I,"- said his assistant.
"James,", called the editor to the office
boy, "ask the South African correspond
ent to step In here a moment "—Times and
Standard. .
Easy to Beach.
Michael Shea, a groceryman on Natoma
street, was fined yesterday $10 by Judge
Fritz on a charge of battery- He kicked
William Kirby, a boy living at 560 Na
toma street. His defense was that the boy
was In tho habit of throwing rocks at his
place.
Daniel Murphy was convicted by Judge
Mogan yesterday on a charge of battery
upon Eugene Thornton, a boy living at 77
Wood street. Eugene took a whip from
Murphy's boy. who told his father. Dan
went after Eugene and took the whip
from him, and, it was alleged, beat him
with it. Dan will be sentenced to-day.
The Small Boy on Top.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
. ;^|BELIEVE with all my heart and soul that the future
* ¦ YTof the country-that whether we have cause to feel
V shame or pride In our citizenship-depends more on
%T whether young men go Into politics than on any one
" ' " oth'er factor. ' : -*' _ »v«* t
. ; I have fought and not always won, but I can say tnai x
always come up for the next fight when I lose. That is ine
prime lesson that we have got to learn. We come toother to
fight battles for clean government and for decent £«««¦• «
beaten at any point, then the next fight must be all the harder.
Temporary defeat is no excuse for slackening effort.
;t Woe to us, we children of the generation of J^ co1 " . ~£
Grant, if we prove ourselves weaklings, if we »«* ( - 1na £*«™
tionand power to make ourselves felt as forces '«*«?"«>•
• There are several things for us to do. Be decent, of course.
Be honest, of course. t . . ,»»tf v inir
• As unhealthy an attitude as can be taken is that of delfytnK
mere smartness, mere success. Shame to us if w«> *«« »° "¦*"
the successful scoundrel feel that we regard him In one degree
worse than the scoundrel that fails.
., We must have nerve and courage. „—_„
" The merely good man is a useless member of the commu
""^There are some nice men with superfine sensibilities who
men instead of shoving^
tUe A^a 3 ye g t°if B y?u n have both these things and are a natural
born fool nothing is to be done. Tou must have common sense.
You have got to have all three qualities. No one Is an ex
cuse for the lack of the others. :
All of us know the type of aspirants for good citizenship,
who meet in a little room and resolve how bad the other people
are, and then go home. . .
They seem to want reform, as if it were a cake that could
be handed out.
Nothing comes from the theoretical belief In virtue that does
not take a practical shape.
Nothing comes from resolve and purpose that does not take
shape in action and performance. You must make the promise
and performance square with each other.
A lie on the stump is the. same as a lie of? the stump. V'f
have no business to put anything into a platform unless we
live up to it. But don't' make too high a demand.
Nothing can be made of the men who don't take the trouble
to find out what can be done and how it can be done. There la
always trouble where men are .divided into two camps, on«
composed of the men. who mean well and don't know how,
and the other of the men who don't mean well at all, but who
do know how.
We may always blame the people who mean to be good, but
mean it feebly and don't take trouble to be effective. On the
other aide, the man tvho wants to be practical alone, as he puts
It sometime?, is a civic wild beast, and we should hunt him
out of public life.
Don t go backward. Go as far forward as you can. Find
out first how far vou can ko. Don't get ahead of the followers
whom you lead. Make it your business to set a standard that
can be followed.
Every man in public life knows that the first condition of
getting a thing done is to find out how far forward you can get
people to come. Their feelings must always be taken into ac
count.
Don't sacrifice possible good because you can't get an im
possible beat.
You must work through practical methods. You must not
be mere theorist* In private or in public. Kac<? the facts as thev
are. Some one has said that even the most uncomfortable truth
is a safer companion than the mo5t pleasurable falsehood.
Strive honestly and decently for an upright government. Be
practical.
Keep a high Ideal. Keep your eyes on the stars, but don t
forget that your feet are on the earth.
6
MEN WHO ARE TOO GOOD TO DO GOOD
£y Jheodore Roosevelt.
Aphorisms From a Political Sermon Delivered Before the Marquette Club of Chicago.
—Denver Times.
By A. W. L/>u<1ei l>ark— Thi* day. etll a. m. and 2 p. m.,
Persia Rurr, at corner Geary and Stockton Ptreetf.
By H. Brand enstein & Co.— This day, at 11 o'clock, Hor»e«,
Cart*. fi<\. at New Montenmpry and M!??ion Ktrepts.
By Sullivan & Doyle Monday. May 14, at 11 o'clock, Horses,
At oopner 'fuclfili and Harrison streets.
By Chaw & Men3enhal!»-Tu»>sday, May IS. at 1 o'clock.
High-class Horse*, at 1732 Market street.
AUCTION SALES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— 'The Evil Eye."
Tlvn!l-"Thc Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Opera-house— " 1 ln Gay »w York."
A!razar--"The Oivat Diamond nobbery."
"A Parisian Rvmanc*."
Orph^utn — Vand«?vill*.
.Olytnf.la, corner Mason and K<My streets— Specialties.
<"hutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon' and
evenin*.
Fisrher'p Concert Houp*— "Faust."
Fhenrmn-day Hail— 1'nlom.i Fchramin, this afternoon.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Kapp Company <"nno<"rt Hall— Vaudeville.
Glen Park— Vaudeville, next Sunday^ •
Many causes Induce gray hair, but Parker's
Hair. Balsam brings, back the youthful color.
., . Hlndercorns.' the best cure for corns," 15 cts. •¦.-
The most efficacious ; stimulant to excite the
appetlts in Dr.* Btegert's 'Angostura Bitters. . Be-
maro of counterfeits.
We, do picture framing and take pride
in framing artistically everything from
the smallest miniature photos to the larg-
est oil paintings. Bring your pictures in
and let us talk It over with you. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's' California glace fruits. 60c a
pound: In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market street, Palace Hotel. * .
Look out for 81 Fourth (5c barber, gro-
cer); best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to 40c. •
Extra fin© cream caromels. Townsend's.*
Butter logs at Townsend's.
Roman caromels at Townsend's.
Splendid alacuma. at Townsend's.
Molasses crisp chocolates. Townsend's. •
New— peanut crisps at Townsend's.
IN NEXT .
1 : SUNDAY'S =
= CALL. -
...MAY 13. IQOO...
. "* ~' - - - - —
Most Up'tO'Date Features
of the tfeek i
OUR SOLDIERS IN THE PHILIPPINES. \
Second exclusive article from the pea of
General Joseph Wheeler. '
LIFE STORY OF ADOLPH SYLVA, '
The most interesting witness in the Fair
Will Case.
HOODOO ENGINE NO. 19.
Some weird tales the men have to telt
''' ''' '''' LIFE OF MUNKACSY, ! J -!:
- The celebrated painter who lived to die '
* aft ' CE in a madhouse. flttCB
WVECE1»TS. FIVECBNT9.
BUY*. PROFESSOR ALFRED BENZON, «=«it.
1 "The King of Cards," gives a complete :======:
expose of the secrets of cheating lilt i
\ in card games,
MRS. ROBERT WATT
Outlines the work of the Oakland Settle"
ment Club,
ROSTAND-L'AIGLQN-BERNHARDT.
The grand theatrical combination of the
century. .
PARIS SALON OF 1900.
Work of a California girl specially honored
by the committee— a beautifully
illustrated page.
A SAN FRANCISCO PASTOR
Who lived the life of a Hindu priest to teach
Christianity in Ceylon.
HISTORY OF THE OLDEST ARTISTS'
' STUDIO IN SAN FRANCISCO.
..' ' .' .\ THE SUNDAY CALL , ""
¦ - ~~ LEADS THEM ALL. '
. . - ¦ ¦ ¦ .Clr-s.ir.ff out eale of $25,003 worth of flno
Khoea. Jicnarch Shoe Co.. 1384 Market.* *£
Schuyler, on Belgian Hares.
j. In 'to-day's News r Letter- Mr. Reginald
; Schuyler, the eminent [club;,; man,; dis
courses on the - things i that are s;ood - 1 to
eat and the things that are not.' He write*
about the Belgian hare as an article of
food with his customary candor.
Sudden Death of Saloon-Keeper Kelly
Thomas Kelly, an ex-saloon keeper of
SC5 Hayes Btreet, died suddenly, yesterday
morning on a lounge In the back room of
Mrs.' L. B.' Skelton's saloon on the south
east corner of Central avenue and Sutter
street. Kelly formerly kept a saloon near
the Cliff House, at. the terminus of the
steam railway, but sold out several weeks
ago. HIb death Is. believed to have been
th© result of -natural' causes.- The body
was taken to the Morgue.
The first entertainment on a large scale
by the Choppers' Friendship Club, an aux
iliary of the Woodmen of the World of
this city, was given last night in Native
Sons' Hill. There wa? a good attendance,
that was deHphted with the programme
presented, which Included the following
numbers: Overture, orchestra; musical
selections. Kiss Amy Peterson; barytone
polo, "Monarch of the Woods." 'Henry
Mauser; soprano solo, selected. Miss Xena
Roberts: humorous selection. W. J. Hynes;
tenor solo, "Believe." J. II. Desmond;
serpentine dances Miss Claire Fex; "A
Bex of Monkeys." farce comedy. The pro
gramme was followed by dancing, under
the direction of A. J. Welnert. E..R. En
gelnan. J. L Peterson, A. T. Love and W.
H- Scheper. _
Choppers' Friendship Club.
While the America Maru was making
port the Coptic was departing for the
Orient. The latter vessel was delayed by
the Chinese she had aboard and for whom
the Blave dealers could not procure writs
of habeas corpus. The matter was finally
straightened out by the coolies being sent
ashore in a body and placed in the Mall
Company's pen.
Among the cabin passengers on the Cop
tic Trcre*Commander Taussig, U. S." N.,
who goes to China to assume command
of -one of the warships, and Governor
Schroeder, who goes out to take charge
of Guam. From Hongkong Governor
Schroeder will go to Manila, and' from
J. Anthony. W. N. Lovatt, Mrs. W. N. Lov
att, A. R. Rlcard. \Yu Chao En and servant.
"W. R. M. de Parr. Captain Tenicb, I. R. N.;
J. McLean Lachlan. S. Ito, R. F. Douglas, Mrs.
It. F. Douglas, c. Delbecque, Mme. M ¦ Del
becque. Mme. A. Poulet, N. Soma, H. C.
Pchlem. Lieutenant Commander Alex Mc-
Cracken. V. S. N.; F. B. Abenheim. Niels Hoj\
Mrs. Niels Hoy. Jud*e H. H. Williams. Mrs.
H. H. Williams. H. L. Williams, Miss O. G.
Williams. V. M. Kulcher, Dr. H. M. Bishop.
Mrs. Blvhop and nurse. T. W. Noyes, Mrs T.
W. Noyes. Dr. Sanger. Mrs. Sar.ger, Mrs. E.
C. Llr.dbore, J. Bernard, H. Bruhn. U. Eto,
F. . G. Schelfler, J. K. Armsby. Mrs. J. K-
Armsby, Mtss C. Dakln. Miss L. Wood. J. R.
Putnam. Mrs. J. R. Putnam. Captain K. Long
necker, V. 3. X.: Ha.*!! Rhodes. A. Half our,
Mrs. A. Balfour. J. Hastlnsra, Miss A. Howard,
Oeorse J. Campbell. John Ena, Mrs. John Ena,
Mrs. Haale'.ea. Mrs. J. W. Hall. R. L. Mc-
Cr«a, M. Klnoehtta, M. G. V.'ebb, T. P. Butler,
Mrs. Mellls. Mrs. W. L. Wtlcox and (rtrl. Miss
Wllcox. Mrs. M. K. Cooke. Mrs. H. Aon&.
t>r. Whitney. Mrs. Whitney. Ml*s Whitney.
Mrs. W. T. Monserrat and son. Miss Blanche
Gale. Mm. Schermerhorn, J. J. Lecker, Miss K.
Washburn. Mrs. A. K. Lewis. J. P. L. Harriu.
Mrs. A. Wilson, J. R. Price. E. L. Mull ins. E.
Burke, Mies A. D. Alexander, Mrs. Roos, Miss
E. !¦>. Clark. A. A. Montana, C. Hedemann.
C Hedemann Jr., C. J. Hutchins. E. Christ.
Miss Gillette, Miss Burwell. Mies M. Lo^an.
Dr. Raymond, Mrs. Raymond and child, S.
Nakat-ano, H. M. Levy, Mrs. L«\*y and daugh
ter, A. Wallenstein, Mrs. Wallenstein and
two children. Miss M. P. Walker. Rev. J. F.
Dbhh,
The mall boat brought up 105 passengers
In the cabin and 376 Japanese and 126 Chi
nese in the steerage. Those in the cabin
were:
The Japanese mail steamer America
Maru arrived from the Orient yesterday.
In eplte of the fact that there has been
no new case of plague at Honolulu for
several weeks and that the quarantine on
the islands was raised May 1 the America
Maru was placed in quarantine and none
of her passengers will be landed until to
day.
Brings Nearly Five Hundred Japan
ese and Chinese With Her.
Steamer Coptic Sails for
the Orient.
The Japanese Mail Steamer
America Maru Put in
Quarantine.
chants' Exchange building on California
etre«t. to make room for a new building.
Is practically assured. One hundred and
eighty firms and individuals interested in
the property as shareholders have signed
an agreement to become members of a
new association, which assures the suc
cess of the project.
It haa been decided by the promotion
committee not to take any definite action
until 200 signatures have been obtained,
all of which will probably be secured
within a week. Then the directors of the
Produce Exchange, which organization
owns 2122 out of 2431 shares In the Mer
chants' Association, will vote to f<ell the
property at its market value to the new
association, and the old building will be
Fulled down, probably within the next six
month? The new building will b<* planned
on a cc.Tle that will make It easily one of
the finest devoted to a similar purpose In
the United States. The probable cost is
estimated at between SCOO.tvO and $700,003.
The purpose In this move is to make
room for a great commercial organization
in San Francisco that will correspond to
the Hoard of Trade of Chicapo. the Cham
ber of Commerce of Cincinnati, the Mer
chants' Fxchangc of St. Louis, the Pro
duce Ext-uange of New York and - the
Chamber of Commerce of Boston, which
embrace practically all the representa
tives cf the commercial communities or
their respective cities. This means that
there will be one common home for a
strong association of from 500 to 1000 firms
and individuals in this city.
A mcfctinjr will probably be held next
¦week to apree upon a valuation of the
property. Ihs lot upon ¦which the present
structure stands is 137:0x127:6. which is
large enough for a great building 6ucn as
it is proposed to erect.
Tbe eale ar.fl demolition of the old Mer-
Exchange Building to Be
Replaced by a Fine New
Edifice.
Plan to Combine Commercial Bodies
cf City in a New Organization
to Be Housed in Its Own
Hosts.
MERCHANTS TO
HAVE SPLENDID
NEW STRUCTURE
Albert R. Green, an employe of the John
Taylor Chemical Company, met with a
peculiar accident yesterday. He wanted
to remove Borne ammonia from a large
bottle into a vial, and In order to do so
u«ed a siphon. In an attempt to make
the siphon work he sucked too hard on It
and got a mouthful of the burning fluid.
He was treated at the Harbor Hospital
by Dr. Thome.
The San Bias will sail for Nome via
Seattle on May IS under the Alaska Com
mercial Company's flag. The same com
pany will dispatch the San Jose on June 2.
The-Brltish ship Galena, which left As
toria last January for Liverpool, was In
the English Channel on May 8. This is
the fastest trip of the season.
The California Shipping Company has
purchased three new vessels— the Abner
Coburn, Mary L. dishing and Governor
Robie. All the vessels are well known on
the Atlantic.
"Water Front Notes.
Another Nome Steamer.
The Klmball Company's steamer Aloha
sails to-day for Nome and will take away
every passenger she has room for. The
quarters in both cabin and steerage are
of the very best, but every inch of space
has been utilized in order to accommo
date the crowd.
Among those who will sail on the vessel
will be John S. Lyons, the Elk and well
known newspaperman- •
Chronometers' Never Rated.
The Pacific Mall Company is out for the
mighty dollar and Collis P. Huntington
does not care who knows it. Not one of
the chronometers on the company's fleet
is ever rated, and nearly all the captains
go out with an instrument in which they
have small confidence, but on which,
nevertheless, the life of every man on
board may depend at any minute.
When a ship reaches port it is the cus
tom to send the chronometer at once to a
reputable clockmaker, who will "rate" it
and give the captain a card showing ex
actly how the instrument runs. Of course,
when the officers can take an observation
every day the chronometer is not of much
use except to verify the calculations, but
when a fog that will last for weeks is run
into, then the chronometer Is Invaluable
and its correctness may mean the salva
tion or destruction of the ship. Yet in
order to save a < paltry $50 a month the
Mall Company will not have its clocks
rated, and they are only attended to once
a year unless the captain pays for the
"rating" himself.
, It blew about' seventy miles an hour on
the bay yesterday, and all the small craft
had a hard time of it. The storm was
local, however, as It did not blow harder
than fifty miles at Point Reyes and about
forty-five -at Point Lobos. The steamer
Corona came In from the south and parted
three breast lines before she was able- to
make a landing at the seawall. The
steamers Lakme and Noyo came together,
but no damage to speak of was done. The
schooner Winchester ran down on the
steamer Santa Paula, which was in tow
of the tug Rescue,' but neither vessel lost
anything except a little of the gingerbread
work.
A Gale on the Bay.
there one of the cruisers will take him to
Guam.
' Should disease break out among them
\ nothing could be done to check its pros
ress. The Chinese could not be moved to
a hospital in the city or to the quaran
tine station on Angel Island, as they have
no right to be in the country. In their
black den on the Mail dock they are by a
fiction of law on the deck of the vessel
upon which they came. Four vessels have
come and gone now and left their freight
of coolies. How many more are to come
and leave their yellow cargo can be only
a matter of speculation. The responsibil
ity for this condition of affairs rests with
Collector of the Port John P. Jackson and
after him with United States District At
torney Frank L>. Coombs.
The agents of the Pacific Mall Steam
ship Company played one of their usual
tricks yesterday in landing 191 Chinese
Mall dock Is perhaps the most important
dock on the Pacific Coast. Enormous
quantities of freight and . thousands of
passengers pass through it every month.
Above the heads of the passengers .are
these ill smelling coolies. ,
AS was expected, all was bustle and
confusion and excitement on the
Pacific Mall docit yesterday morn
ing. Chinese were moving here
end there in jabbering bewilderment. Offi
cials were herding coolies as if thty were
cattle. Agents of the Chinese ring were
busy looking: after the few Chinese whose
friends possessed money enough to entitle
them to special service and attention. As
The Call predicted, the Federal officials
did nothing to prevent the landing of the
coolies from the Coptic, and the Mail dock
was again the scene of another outrage.
Scores after scores of coolies were march
ed from the deck of the ship to the deten
tion shed until 131 had passed down the
gang plank on to American soil, where
they will remain not temporarily but in
definitely. Not until the officials deter
mine in their leisurely fashion the status
of these CM ye xv1.ll they leave the dock.
They have been landed in violation of the
f.plr.t of the exclusion act. and they will
remain in America until the Pacific Mail
and complacent officials see fit to remove
them.
Tfith the addition of those received yes
terday the detention shed and boarding
house row hold more than 370 Chinese who
have absolutely no right to set foot on
American so!l. These 370 Chinese net the
Pacific Ma.il Steamship Company n» least
51S5 a day anJ the profit will continue in
defirJte'.y. Chinese from four vessels are
now in the detention shed, and a fifth
ship, the America Maru. entered port yes
terday with more than ITS Chinese on
board.
The detention shed has' now become a
positive and serious, menace to the people
of this city in several ways. In the first
place, it Is maintained In antagonism to
the epirit of the law. When Chinese are
placed In it they are landed In America in
defiance of section 9 of the exclusion act.
notwithstanding the fact that the various
steamship companies pledge themselves
for the safe keeping of the coolies. 'While
the men are in the shed they are per
mitted to Fee some of their powerful Chi
nese friends to be coached and Instructed.
Every possible avenue Is opened to fraud
and no opportunity to cheat the law is
lost by members of the ring.
More than this the detention shed and Its
coolie lnniates are maSntained as a men
ace to the people of the city. Health reg
ulations are violated openly , and impu
dently. The Chinese are crowded into the
pen lik» cattle and the odor which comes
frora their den Is sickening. The Pacific
Steamship Agents
Display New Ar
rogance and
Clash With the
Officials of the
United States.
Coolies Marched From the
Vessel to the Dock Be
fore the Arrival of the
Federal Officers.
Supervising Treas
ury Agent Wal
ter S. Chanee Ex
peeted ' Soon to
Investigate the
Traffic.
on the Coptic and six claimed to b« nathi
¦ons. This action of the officers of tfca
Chinese Bureau exposed another schema
of the Chinese ring. Hardly had th*
coolies been placed on board than the of
ficers were served with writs of habeas
corpus secured not from the Federal
courts but from the State courts.
The members of the ring are fearful or
the scrutiny made by United States Com
missioner Heacock and they will try. if
possible, to have their "native son" cases
tried In the State courts, where the facil
ities for Investigation and examination
are not as complete as In the Federal
courts. Upon these State writs six of the
"native sops" were landed to await a con
sideration of their claims. Five Chlnesa
captured In San Jose and found to be
Illegally In the country were marched to
the ship by a Deputy United States Mar
shal and were deported. Twenty-threo
more from Mexico, passing through this
city In bond, were also placed on the ves
sel and then twelve more were taken from
the detention shed by the customs officers
and marched to the ship.
The officers of the vessel refused to ac
cept the coolies, claiming that they should
be sent back on the vessel on which they
arrived In port. Not having come on the
Coptic the ship's officers emphatically re
fused to accept the coolies. The customs
officials were Insistent and the twelve
Chinese went back to China In company
with about 140 of their fellows.
It is thus evident that the reforms In
the Chinese traffic at thi3 port are very
far from being complete. The detention
shed is being made a source of enormous
profit to the steamship companies and Is
being maintained a3 a medium for the
perpetration of constant fraud. It la no
torious that agents of the Chinese ring
are permitted to enter it and confer with
the inmates. The guard is one only In
name. These agents of the ring operated
openly yesterday, as they have done .be
fore. They seek the first opportunity to
locate their men In the detention shed
and then begin the coaching which makes
merchants, students, tourists and natlvt
sons.
As the Coptic was going out of the har
bor with Its returning Chinese the Amer
ica Mara was coming in with another
load which will pas3 through * the same
process and in a few days find residence
In the sheds of the Mail dock. It is thus
evident that the officials have some very
curious notions regarding what a "tem
porary" landing may mean. Four ships
have come and gone and a fifth is In the
harbor, yet many of. the Chinese who
came on the first vessel are still In the
detention shed.
Considerable excitement was created In
Federal circles yesterday by the an
nouncement that the long expected and
much delayed investigation of the Chineso
traffic was about to begin. It was said
that Walter S. Chance, the Supervising
Agent of the Treasury, whose headquar
ters is at Washington. 13 on his way to
this city from Seattle and will arrive In
a few days to make a thorough Investiga
tion of the Chinese traffic.
from the Coptic on the detention dock.
When the officers of the Chinese Bureau
left the dock late Thursday afternoon the
Chinese -were still on the ship. When the
Inspectors of the bureau returned to the
dock yesterday morning the Chinese were
off the ship and safely housed In the de
tention shed. Fearful of the results of
agitation and publicity the agents had
taken the men off the vessel early in the
morning before the arrival of the Federal
officers. .
The addition of 191 to the 182 already on
the dock made a little army of coolies In
the shed and very materially Increases
the Ill-gotten revenue of the Pacific Mall.
As soon as the inspectors arrived at the
dock yesterday they took thirteen coolies
from the shed and 'marched them on the
ship for deportation. These coolies came
If you are groins traveling: don't fall to
see .our stock of trunks, traveling bags,
valises, suit cases and all kinds of leather
poods. Playing cards, crib boards and po
ker chips. Sanbora, Vail & Co., 711 Mar
ket street. *
DETENTION SHEDS OF THE PACIFIC MAIL DOCK
SWARM WITH CHINESE FROM THE STEAMER COPTIC
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
7
Herding Coolies From the Coptic Into the Detention Sheds of the Mail Dock.
' FROM
SEA
Aivr>
SHORE
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1S99. and for the
year ending on that day, aa made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the Slate of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS. M
Real Estate owned by Company $210,000 do
Loans on Bonds and Mortgagee 1S3.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks an4
Bonds owned by -Company 1.75L3S42S
Cash in Company's Office 340 58
Cash in Banks 140.131 28
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and -Loans '. 20.96115
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages . 1. SCO S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ..... 262,947 87
Bills receivable, not Matured, I taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, Rents
. due and accrued 1,316 67
Total Assets ....$2.618.934 63
> LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $118,622 63
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 63,137 00
Losses resisted Including: expenses.. 18,033 00
Gross- premiums on Firo Risks run-
ning one year or less, \ $979,442 61;
reinsurance • 60 per cent ............ 489,72130
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine more than one year. $1,657,-
653 09; reinsurance pro rata 855.7S3 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc ........;.. ...:. 1,31667
All other demands against the com-
pany ...... 62.14S 27
— Total Liabilities ......81.606.793 03
INCOME. * '¦
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums '...$1.'.*5,6S3 10
Received for Interest on .Bands and
Mortgages 9.080 00
• Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, ' Stocks. Loans, and from
. "all other sources '......' 77,263 02
Received for.Renta 10,308 95
1 ' i -- t, "¦ ¦ - - — _— .
Total Income ..$1.502.335 07
EXPENDITURES.
Net "amount paid for Fire Losses $1,057, 137 00
Paid: or allowed for ¦ ; Commission or
Brokerage .:. 293,819 06
Paid for ¦ Salaries, fees and other
charges for. officers, clerks, etc.... 102,764 70
Paid i for State, i National and local
taxes .......:....:-...-¦. 45.963 40
All other payments and expenditures 121.303 86
Total Expenditures .$1,627,350 02
• ¦ *- :¦ .-¦¦- •¦;-¦• Fire. V
Losses Incurred during. the year.... '..$1.048.663 69
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums. ;
Net s amount of • Risks
written durin* the
'.year,......:..*..... ... $193,840,763 $1,786,255 06
Net : amount - of Risks
: expired • during - the
year ........ V.;. ....... 190.3SS.786 1.731.873 CO
Net ¦ amount '- In force
December 31..- 1S99... 305.631.705 -2,637,095 70
J. J. GUILE..: Manager.-
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of January, 1900. EDWIN F. COREY.
'.¦¦¦.- .-•¦•¦ Commissioner ; for California.
J.BF/ DAVIS & SON,
General Agents, Pacific Department,
| 215 SAjSI SOME STREET.
Telajhono 5968, S&n Tranoiaco.
Weekly Call, $1'.OO per Year.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MARINE
fflSORAHCS COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON 1 THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1899, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State ot Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions, of Sections
G10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up in
Cash $500.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,179,912 00
Cash In Banks 197.07100
Interest , due and .accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11.56100
Premiums in due Course ot Collec-
tion 160,415 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 8.045 00
Policy Stamps on hand 1.406 00
Total Assets .$l,56M10 00
'; 'A-, "LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspend© • — ............ $181,300 00
Gross premiums on Marine and In-1 < : .'
land Navigation Risks, $ ; ¦
reinsurance 100 per cent V 1+4,815 00
Gross ¦ Premiums on . Marina Tim* I ',
Risks, $....; reinsurance 60 per centj .
All other demands against the com-
pany 67,180 00
Total Liabilities ...*.............: 1393.375 00
• INCOME.
Net Cash actually receive* for Ma^
rine - premiums ...... .i..... .......... $480,062 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, . and from
all other sources .......:... 37,779 00
Total Income $517.831 00
.EXPENDITURES. . '. . v ..
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. $391,475 00
Paid for Salaries, "fees and - other • "
charges for officers, clerks, etc 42,757 12
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 8,019 SS
All other payments and expenditures 1.27100
Total Expenditure* $443,023 00
Marine.
Lorsea incurred during the year 3356.7&0 00
. Marine
Risks and Premiums. '.-¦ Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written durlns the ¦
year .......:......•••• •$74,830,740 $501,40100
Net amount of Risks , ;/,
expired . during-" the :"<>'
year ..........-..'...•• T5,ei«,T0S 601.00 00.
Net amount in force ,.. . .
December 31, 1899.. ¦¦ . 7, 427. CO 144.918 00:
J. WILLIAMSON, President. ,
JOHNQICK. Eecretary.
Subscribed and: ¦worn: to before me, -this. 23d
day of January. 1900. - W. J. SULIS. ' ¦ ¦
. United ; States Deputy Consul , at Liverpool. • '
J. D. SPEECPIS & BROS. COMPAHY,
GENERAL JtQEHTS. ¦
J. B. F DAVIS & SON,
MANAGERS,
<HJ5 SANSOME STREET.
8AN FRANCISCO. :
Telephone/ S988. -
STATEMENT
OF THE ,
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' OF THE
Assurance Company of America
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1839. and for the year endins on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and Sll of the Political Code.
: condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. '
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ,in
Cash $3W.00O 0»
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $-iSO.ir; no
Cash in Banks 27,917 SS
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans -.770 &>
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 3JU^*I
Internal Revenue Stamps 13 86
Total Assets ESO.XS TT
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $23.167 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 23.379 00
Losses resisted including expenses... 230 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks rnn-
ninjr one year or less. $178,953 73;
reinsurance 50 per cent 83.4S2 S3
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine more than one year. $52,271 07;
reinsurance pro rata 29.J11 37
All other demands acalnst the com-
pany 18.77109
Total Liabilities $132.361 a
INCOME. " — —
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $137.834 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ' 27 39
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 21.537 1$
Received for profit on Sale of Bonds 1.07; 33
Total Income $1SO.£43 C
EXPENDITURES.
Xet amount paid for Fire Losses... J12S.121 13
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 11. »'2 32
Dividends to Stockholders 1 24.PC0 00)
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 50,129 73
Paid for Sa!ar«es. fees and other •
charges for ofilcers. clerks, etc 3>TI% 00
Paid for State. National and local
taxes S.494 (O
All other payments and expenditures 2.913 33
Total Expenditures $224.33133
Losses incurred during the year $1S5.143 51 .
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.- -
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $31,607.22 KSJT.HS U
Net amount of Risks
expired durlns the
year 23.873.121 I74.WS SS
Net amount In force
December 31. 1S»....| S.123.4Z3 231.233 77
ROBERT C. RATHBONE. President.
R. ELKECKER RATHBONE. Secretary.
Subscribed and s-nrorn to h«fere Bi'. this 26th
day of January. WOO. GEO. O. ItUGER.
Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
CENERAL|ACENT.
215 SANSOME STREET,
Telejnona 6983. 1 San Prascissi.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY |
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF SEW I
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1S39. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner. ¦
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash : $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
, Bonds owned by Company $461,650 00
Cash in Banks 43.SS2 22
Interest due ¦ and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2,442 73
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 42,877 32
Internal Revenue Stamps S9 90
Due from - C. T. Bowrlng & Co..
Ltd., Bankers S00 49
Total Assets ....! $331.682 63
• LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $15,703 00
Losses in process ot Adjustment or
In Suspense 25,344 00
Losses resisted, including expenses,. 623 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $161,410 21:
reinsurance 60 per cent 80,705 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one. year, $42,143 70;
reinsurance pro rata 23,240 (3
All other demands against the com-
pany 20.423 »3
• Total Liabilities 3168.243 74
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums ' $179,822 84
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 37 IS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 14,643 62
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 28,831 94
Total Income $225.397 73
EXPENDITURES. " — — ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $143.113 53
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. 16,066 21
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
> Brokerage 52.402 56
Paid for SalarieB. fees and other
chartres for officers, clerks, etc 3.105 00
Paid for State, National and local '
taxes 8.C23 20
All other payments and expenditures 2,493 05 ,
* Total Expenditures $249,209 «i
Losses incurred daring the year $168,331 S3
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $31.«58.175 $2S9.305 70
Net amount of Risks
expired durlns the
year 23.123.2S1 :«S.»71 10
Net amount in force
-December SL-1S99.... 21.544.117 203.533 9?
E. C. CONVERSE. President.
R. BLEECKEU RATHBO.VE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before m*. this 26th
day cf January. 1&00. GEO. O. RUGER.
Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5563. " San Francisco.In the evening the members gathered
again in the residence of Dr. James W.
Ward, "Sorgenfrei." 2700 Broadway. Dr.
Ward and his wife. Dr. Florence Ward,
were assisted by Dr. and Mrs. William
BoericKe and Dr. and Mrs. George H.
Martin. It was a reception to all homeo
paths of the State, as well as to the
State Society, and there were nearly three
hundred present.
Committee on legislation — Charles Lewis Tls
dale, M. I>. (chairman), Alameda; H. R. Arndt.
M. D., San Francisco: William Simpson, II. D. f
San Jose: Pliny R. Watts, M. D.. Sacramento;
George II. Martin, M. D., San Francisco.
Heads of bureaus — Medical eduoatlon, statis
tics and necroloey. Dr. William Boerlcke of
San Francisco; anatomy, physiology and path
ology (Including microscopy and histology). Dr.
Charles Lewis Tlsdale of Alameda; materla
meUlca and Drovinps, Dr. E. C. Mannlr.fr of
Los Angeles; ophthalmolotry. otology and laryn
cholocy. Dr. \V. E. Waddell of Los Angeles;'
clinical medicine and electricity. Dr. Guy E.
Manning: of San Francisco; obstretics. Dr. Wil
lella WalTell of Santa Ana; surgery, Dr. James
W. "Ward of San Francisco; hygiene and sani
tary science. Dr. Howard B. Gates of San Jose;
mental and nervpus diseases, Dr. M. B. Camp
bell of Pattern; gynecolog-y. Dr. Eleanor F.
Martin of San Francisco; paediatrics. Dr. S.
S. Salisbury of Los Angeles; committee on ar
rangements for the next me^tlnsc— Dr. W. E.
Wadrtell, Dr. E. C. Buell and Dr. J. C. Kirk
patrlck. ... i
It. was decided that the meeting next
year should- be somewhere near Los An
geles, and at that meeting, there should
be no more than four papers read in each
bureau, and no one should read a paper
that would occupy more than fifteen min
utes of. time.
A special committee consisting of Dr.
Eleanor F. Martin of San Francisco, sec
retary of the society, Dr. S. 8. Salisbury
of Los Angeles and Dr. F. S. Barnard of
Los Angeles was appointed to secure sta
tistics of how many homeopathic physi
cians held public medical appointments
in this State, also all who held positions
as medical examiners to insurance com
panies, railroad companies and similar
positions. "¦
A resolution asking that In the con
struction of the new city and county hos
pital provision be made for patients to be
treated by the homeopathic methods was
referred to the directors of the Hahne
mann College for action. . .
The committee appointed to make sug
gestions regarding the paper on "'a he
Dangers of Our Public Schools" prepared
and read early in the session by Dr.
George H. Martin of this city recom
mended that the committee be instructed
to secure nil data possible regarding the
management of county boards of educa
tion, of their courses of study and of
their methods. The committee consists
of Dr. William Boerlcke of this city, Dr.
George H. Martin of this city and Dr.
Francis B. Kellogg of Los Angeles.
Then the new president. Dr. J. C. KJrk
patrick of Los Angeles, made the follow
ing appointments: .
In the Bureau of Mental and Nervous
Diseases Dr. H. R. Arndt of San Fran
cisco read a paper on "Degeneration and
Genius" and Dr. A. Stanley Dolan of Pat
ton read one on "Insanity and Homi
cide." A paper on "Psychology and Med
icine" by Dr.George H. Martin, chairman
of the bureau, was read by title.
In the Bureau of Gynecology papers
were readi by Dr.- Florence In.- Ward ot
San Francisco, Dr. Pliny R. "Watts of
Sacramento and Dr. E. R. Bryant of San
Francisco. A paper by Dr. F. S. Bar
nard, chairman of the bureau, was read
by title.
In the last bureau, that of Paediatrics,
Dr. E. C. Buell's paper on "Mechanical
and Surgical Aids to Paediatric Thera
peutica" was read by title, and one by
Dr. Grant Selfridge of San Francisco' on
"Simple Meningitis with Special Refer
ence to Its Otltic Origin" was read in full.
This closed the . programme of the ses
sion.
H. Palmer of San Francisco read a paper
on "Tubercular and Suppurative Diseases
of the Lymphatics"; Dr. F. S. Bar
nard of Los Angeles read a paper on
"Tubercular? and Supurative Diseases
of Bone"; Dr. E. R. Bryant of San Fran
cisco treated of "Suppurative Pelvic Dis
eases," . Dr. J. M. Selfridge of Oakland
read a most interesting paper on '-'The
X-Ray" and Dr. E. C. Buell of Los An
geles read a paper on "Infection, Sup
puration. Drainage."
In the Bureau of Hygiene and. Sanitary
Science the only paper read was by Dr.
S. S. Salisbury of Los Angeles on ' *he
Duty of Health Boards in Regard to Tu
berculosis." "
Advertising Bill Repudiated.
P. R. Neville, manager of the Wave,
swore to a complaint in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday for the arrest of "John
Doe" Carson on a charge of obtaining
goods by false pretenses. Carson as rep
resenting the Frisco and Nome Trans
portation and Trading Company got $50
worth of advertising in the Wave on the
representation that W. H. Miller of the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Light
Company was a stockholder in the com
pany and would be responsible for the
bill. It was sent to Miller, but he denied
knowing anything about the company.
In the United States Circuit Court of
Appeals yesterday Judges Gilbert, Ros=
and Morrow presiding, the appeal of
Ixiuis Salla and others for a new trial
on writ of error was submitted on briefs
On the previous day the hearing of the
argument was postponed until May 22
but counsel agreed yesterday to file briefs
and submit the case without argrument
The appellants are under sentence of
twenty months'lmprlsonment In the State
penitentiary at San Quentin for having
obstructed the mails during the miners'
strike in Idaho a year ago.
The case of Gregory vs. Vermont Loan
and Trust Company was submitted on
briefs. The case of Lewlsohn Bros
against the Anaconda Copper Mining
Company was dismissed by stipulation
The court will resume its sitting next
Monday at 11 a. m.
United States Court of Appeals.
Proceedings in Odd Fellows' Grand
Lodge and in the Rebekah.
Assembly.
At the session of the Grand Lodge of
the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
yesterday Samuel B. Smith tendered his
resignation as one of the trustees of the
Odd Fellows' Home and A. F. Jones was
elected to fill the vacancy.
The matter of the home was taken up
and It was decided not to make any move
at this time, but as the home is nearly
full It was thought advisable to allow the
incoming grand master thirty days' time
In which to name a committee of live
which phall have power to invite proposals
for building an additional home and for
furnishing a site for the same, this com
mittee to report at the session of the
next Grand Lodge.
The per capita tax for current expenses
was fixed at 33 cents.
The reports of the several officers were
taken up and adopted and then followed
the clearing up of the Journal. The ses
sion will close to-day with the installation
of the officers.
In the California Assembly of Rebekahs
a resolution changing the basis of repre
sentation to one for every fifty and one
for every fraction of fifty in excess of
thirty was carried and sent to the Grand
Lodge. I. O. O. F., for approval or rejec
tion. It was also resolved that delegates
may hold and vote proxies.
There was another school of instruction
and then addresses by Grand Warden
elect M. G. Gill and Past Masters Gosbey
and Thompson.
This body will also ol<jse its session to
day, when the new president will name
her appointive officers, after which there
will be an installation.
WORK OF THE .ANNUAL
SESSIONS ABOUT ENDED
HOW THE X-RAY
CURED A CANCER
DR. J. M. SELFRIDGE, the physi
cian of Oakland who was cured of
cancer by the X-ray, read yester
day before the State Homeopathic
Society a full statement of his case, its
origin, its treatment and Its final cure.
His paper was listened to with the most
intense interest, an Interest that was
heightened by the fact that one year ago
the man who was speaking was disfigured
with a cancer that had spread over al
most the whole left side of his face. His
opening remarks dealt with the X-ray It
self and Its sometimes injurious effects,
but after disposing of that part of his
subject, he spoke as follows:
Experience has taught us that some of ,th«
potent poisons are our most precious acents
with which to cure disease. So with the X
rays. While they are able to destroy, they
have shown their healing virtues by changing
some of the most malignant pathological condi
tions Into that most enjoyable state— perfect
| health.
Now, If you will pardon the seeming egotism
In the- uee of the personal pronoun. I will
recount as briefly as I may the history of my
own case.
It wa«, without doubt, an epithelloma, which,
i as you know. Is a cancer of the skin, that has
) always been regarded as Incurable. About
I thirty-five years ago the first intimation 1 had
of it was a eensatlon of, tingling or crawling
i t>> the skin between the angle of the mouth
! and the wing of the nose on the right side.
j This continued for a time, when a thin, whitish
| scale made Its appearance. It Itched frequently,
I and was aa frequently > scratched off. After
| a while It would bleed when the scale was
j removed. This re-forming and removal of the
scale continued until a deep, open sore of small
size, which refused to heal, made Its presence
felt. It kept increasing in size, would scab
over, and with tingling and burning, gave con
| siilorable annoyance. Finally It became so
troublesome that I had it dissected out Just
sixteen years ago by the late Dr. PeaBe. There
was a email one at the wing of the left nostril
when the first operation was performed, which
Increased in size until about ten years ago,
when I had it removed by j the same surgeon.
But It returned again, and about seven years
ago It was removed by Dr. Lowry. It returned
Rtcain. but as the knife had failed three times
I concluded to try the efficacy of internal
homeopathic medication. Now, although its
progress under this treatment was h*ow. still
lt.8pread with sufficient rapidity to eat away
'¦ almost half of my nose, Including the car
tilaginous portion of the vomer, a portion of my
upper lip. a large hole in my left cheek, which
extended to the malar bone and was uncom
fortably near my left eye, which I expected to
lose within a few months. It had invaded my
mouth and eaten away a portion of the gums
on the left, side, so that It was Impossible to
masticate solid food. Aa a consequence of this,
and the nervous Irritation, I lost twenty pounds ;
In weieht. The entire sore surface. Including
the Inside of the nostril, which was a mere
shell was co^red with easily bleeding fungus
granulations. When touched with a probe
the sensation was as if a red-hot iron had. been
applied. Although it burned most of the time,
yet cold air, or the application of cold water,
made It ache. When covered too warmly It
was also painful. • At times the pains were
hot and burning, as Jf hot needles were thrust
into it. These pains were irregular, and fre
quently eo sudden and severe as to cause me
to lose my self-control sufficiently to cry out.
The Fide of my face was- swollen and so sore
that I could not laugh without holding my
cheek with the hand. The superficial . nerves
were so sensitive that to be shaved was mild
torture. While there was ' no -enjoyment as
time went along, to contemplate the future was
by no means conducive to cheerfulness. But,
as I am not made of that kind of material that
ehows the white feather when . overtaken . by
misfortune, the Inevitable was accepted and
my round of duties continued from day to
day.
But a beam of light flashed across my hith
erto gloomy horizon. I was Informed by a
Dr. J. M. Selfridge's Paper Read
Before the State Society of
Homeopathists.
friend that a case of Lupus had been cured by
the X-rays, applied by Or. Krone. From fur
ther Investigation I learned that Dr. SchinT
of \ lenna was the first to successfully treat
Lupus with the rays.
These cures were supposed to depend upon
the eermieidal effects of the rays, but more
recent pxperlmenta have . demonstrated that
their ability to destroy germs Is no greater
than that of ordinary lijtht.
As a result of my Investigations, I concluded
to try the experiment. But. as I could not
make the application myself. I called on my
friend. Dr. N. H. Chamberlain, to ascertain
If he would be willing; to frfve his time and
sun his machine a sufficient number of times '
to test the virtue of the rays In a case like '
mine. .To this he kindly consented, and as
soon as I could procure the requisite quantity
cf lead rolled thin, we proceeded with the ex
periment, first having prepared a mask of suf
ficient dimensions to cover my whole face and
head. In this mask an opening wan cut suf
ficiently large to expose the sore and about a
quarter of an Inch of the skin around it. As
the inside of my left nostril was a mass of
disease, we had to expose about two-thirds
of what remained, so aa to have the rays pass
through it to the fungus mass within. As
a result of my Investigations. I was led to
the conclusion that in the experiments made
heretofore, the rays had been applied too long;
consequently, my suggestion to Dr. Chamber
lain was that we commence the treatment with
sittings of only five minutes' duration, with
the tube four or five Inches from .the sore.
Kverythlnft being In readiness, the first ap
plication was made October 12, 1S99, and con
tinued daily, five minutes each time, for eight
days, Sundays excepted. Having no personal
experience to guide us. and being anxious to
see some effect, I suggested to the doctor that
he give It for ten minutes, which was con
tinued for five days. But. from what fol
lowed, I am now of the opinion that It. would
have been better to have continued the flve
mlnute ulttlnKR. for during the night after the
fifth ten minutes' application, the unexpected
happened. A peculiar exudation made its ap
1 earance on the vermilllon portion of the
lower lip, and on what was left of the upper
lip. The exudate was in appearance like mush
rooms, about one-eighth of an Inch high, with
perpendicular sides and pearly' tops. They
spread over the parts exposed, which then had
the appearance of a false membrane, which,
when wiped off, left a bloody surface. They
re-formed several times, but finally healed, af
ter several weeks. An exudation appeared at
the same time on the nose, which resembled
a speck of pus.. This also spread over the part
exposed, and soon afterward the epidermis
came off, leaving a sore which also took weeks
to heal. I
After November 1." the rays were applied
every second or third day. until the. 20th. when
It was quite evident the healing process had
commenced. All pain and burning had already
ceased. The swelling and ., redness had dis
appeared and" cicatrization had " surely com
menced. For five days no treatments were
given. On November 25 the flve-mlnute
applications, were ( again commenced and
continued every second, third or fourth
days. as in my Judsrment they were
needed, until December , 27. January 4 and 8,
1S0O, . the rays were * given but-three minutes
each time, after which they were given five
mlnrtes : each time, and repeated as often as
was deemed necessary. As the healing pro
cess progressed, the lnodular tissue contracted
and drew the skin of the cheek with !t. so that
at the present time the ctcatrix Is not one
quarter as large as the original 6ore. •
The disease had eaten away all the mus
cular and mucus tissues, and had affected the
periosteum so that the cicatrlcial tissue above
the incisors is so thin and - the bjood ' supply
Is so limited, that the surface Is easily broken
down, . and, therefore, -requires an • occasional
application- of the rays. The same condition
exists on a portion of .the' vomer.
The following questions are frequently asked
by interested persons: "Is It a cure?"; "Will
it ever return?" ,-, . /
All I .am- row. able to say Is. that It has
healed, and I have no more pain or discom
fort of any 'kind, either physical or mental,
except from ta knowledge of the loss of the
tissues previously mentioned; and I am in good
health and as 'happy as a , man can well be
under : such circumstances. .... .. :.
Whether it will- ever return time alone will
have to answer.; But If It should, we have the
time . potent remedy, • which, having once . de
stroyed Its . malignancy -- and healed:. It, may
safely, be trusted to do the fame thing again.
This assurance makes the future bright.
The story of Dr. Selfridge's " experience
was : published in The Call some . time
ago.- but ¦ yesterday for the: first ¦ time! lie
gave his own plain statement* of his case.
. The homeopaths finished their session
last evenlnewith a whirlwind of business
that carried .them on past 6 o'clock. The
new president- was installed, the last re
ports were submitted. by,the sub-commit
tees and then every -one. hurried through
dinner- to i be In time for. the: reception at
the residence of ; ¦ the ¦ retiring ' president,
Dr. Ward. -\ ..
Three : papers 'in the ' Bureau of Obstet
rics. were read, one by ; Dr. James. T.' Mar
tin: of ¦Sacramento," a second by Dr.*
Charles- Lewis 'Tisdale of Alameda and a
third •' by Dr. Florence N. . Ward of San
Francisco. . . .
In the Bureau of Surgery Dr. George
mISS MAI MOODY and Douglas S.
Watson were married yesterday
morning at 7 o'clock at the home
of Dr. and Mrs. H. C. Davis on
Scott street. Rev. Arthur Crosby of San
Rafael performed the ceremony in the
presence of a few intimate friends of the
contracting parties. None of the members
af the bride's family was present.
Taken altogether the hurried union of
the young couple has all the features of
a splendid romance. Friends of Mr. and
Mrs. Watson declare that they have been
engaged for the past three years, although
no announcement of the betrothal was
ever made. However, this long engage
ment did not lessen the great surprise
the sudden wedding of the young couple
gave their swell society friends.
At the residence of the bride's family
Mr. Breeden, husband of Mrs. Watson's
twin sister, received all inquirers seeking
information In regard to the wedding and
to all made the same answer- "Mrs.
Moody declines to be interviewed. Mrs.
Breeden, the twin sister of the bride, is
critically ill and can see no one. I know
nothing of the wedding."
"We are old friends both of Mr. and
Mrs. Watson," Dr. Davis said, "and so
when we heard that they had decided to
be married we placed our home at their
disposal. Miss Moody's family did object
to the wedding. Why I'm sure I do not
know. Watson is an estimable fellow, of
excellent family, well educated, has trav
eled extensively and is very rich. The
young couple are very much in love with
one another and I'm sure they are happy."
Immediately after the ceremony the
newly wedded pair left on the overland
for New York en routo to Europe, and It
is their intention to remain abroad for a
year.
Douglas Watson is the son- of the late
Mr. Watson, who was senior partner of
Sloane & Co. | He is a Stanford graduate
and a member of the Bohemian Club. He
has an elegant home on Broadway and
Broderick' streets, where he has kept
bachelor apartments. Mr. Watson's bride
is the daughter of Millionaire Joseph L».
Moody, who died a few weeks ago. She
is extremely beautiful and is considered a
belle in exclusive social circles.
At the Davis residence full Information
was given In regard to the hurried nup
tials.
Mrs. Douglas S. Watson.
State Mineralogist A. S. Cooper has
made a report of the yield and value of
the mineral substances of California for
the year 1399. The total value was $29,313,
463. 'The products Included gold, silver,
antimony, asbestos, asphalt, bituminous
rock, borax, cement, clay for brick and
pottery, coal, copper, fullers earth, gran
ite, gypsum, lead, lime, limestone, llthia,
mica, macadam, magnesite, manganese,
marble, mineral paint, mineral waters,
natural ga.«, paving blocks, petroleum,
platinum, pyrites, quicksilver, rubble, salt,
sand, sandstone, serpentine, slate and
soda. The coal was valued at $420,100,
copj>er at $3,u*.i.534, borax at $l,13d.&&,
petroleum at i2.5G0.793, quicksilver at fl,
4u5,m3. These were the principal items in
value outside of the gold and silver, the
statistics concerning which last two have
previously been published.
The total mineral product was greater
by £2.C24,261 than in the preceding year.
The total product of metallic substances
for the year 1SW was J21.3u5.023, an increase
of $1,281,^9. This includes gold, silver,
mineral paint, quicksilver, antimony, cop
per, Jead, manganese and platinum. The
total value of non-metallic substances was
$2,466,070. This includes borax, coal, min
eral waters, salt, asbestos, gypsum, mag
nesite, pyrites, lithia-mica and fullers
earth. The relative values of the principal
mineral products of the State were as fol
lows: First, gold; second, copper: third,
petroleum: fourth, quicksilver; fifth, bo
rax. There are 24.W1 men employed in the
various mining industries, excepting the
petroleum industry, for which no accu
rate figures could be secured owing to the
rapid increase In the number of oil wells.
Shasta is given the highest rank, with
Nevada County second and San Bernar
dino County third.
Yield cf Gold "Was Greatest, With
Copper, Petroleum and Quick
silver Following 1 in the
Order Named.
Increase Over Previous
Years.
Statistics for 1899 Show
MINERAL OUTPUT
OF CALIFORNIA IS
MANY MILLIONS
THE SAX FBAXGISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
ROMANTIC WEDDING
OF SOCIETY COUPLE
8
AMTJSEME-NTS,
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY). MAY U.
' Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any Dart.
/\l_I_ TOF»-INOTCH_SRS
' FINAL. WEEK OF
FULGORA STARS*
In Connection With
ORFHEVM CELEBRITIES.
MILTON and DOLLIE NOBLES, assisted by
MISd EVA WESTCOTT; MARK SULLIVAN:
WILL E. BATES; AMERICAN BIOGRAPH;
LITTLE FRED; MR. and MRS. ARTHUR
SIDMAN: BUOMAN A ADELLE; BROTHERS
FORREST: ETTA BUTLER.
NEXT WEEK. AN ENTIRELY NEW BILL
Headed by
EZRA KENDALL,
The Kin? of Monologue Entertainer*.
MATHEE TO-DAY^Sc, 50c, 75c.
This Is Where You Treat the Children.
EVERY NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
CHAS. H. YALE'S Massive. Marvelous, Me-
chanical, Spectacular Romance,
the EVIL EYE
OR THE
MANY MERRY MISHAPS OF NID
And the
WEIRD. WONDERFUL. WANDERINGS OF
NOD.
EVENING PRICES-23C. 33c, Wo. 75c, $_
Next Week— Final NIrtts of
"THE EVIL EYE."
ANNOUNCED!— MR. JOHN DREW.
PHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
IN GAY NEW YORK.
Monday Evenlns, First Production of the Fa-
mous Musical Comedy,
"THE LADY SLAVEY."
Reappearance of ARTHUR WOOLET,
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Beat in Orchestra at Saturday
- Matinee, 23 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.' --'^
Matinee To-Day and Sunday.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
THE GREAT
DIAM0NDJ10BBERY
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
E. H. SOTHEHN'S SUCCESS,
THE MAISTER Of WOOD BARROW
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENEVO.
TO-NIGHT—
CAKEWALK_CONTEST !
SPECIAL— This and To-Morrow Afternoons,
AQUATIC SPORTS
ON THE LAKE.
Order Seats -by Fhone. Park 23.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
322-124 O"FARRE__. STREET.
LAMBAKUI GRAND OPKHA QUARTET.
Great Double Bill. Prison Scene from
-FAUST." Last. Act "RIGOLETTO."
• 10c— Admission— 10c. Matinee Sunday.
CONCERT HALL— THE C F.KAPP COMPANY
Corner Golden Gate avenue and Market street.
-¦-:¦¦¦ CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
. EVERY. NIQHT. r EVERY NIGHT.
ADMISSION FREB
••aetttetoe9»o«atoo«tt««8*t9ti6»eeee9dt«e«i»cpttMtt
For all Bilious and Nervous Disorders? Sick S
Headache* Constipation, Weak Stomach, 2
Impaired Digestion, Disordered Liver, and •
Impure Blood. •
B»«___j'a PIIU fcar» tti* lraect sal* of any ProorlaUurr Mediates- fat the world. TW» ham been S
achieved without tbe puWlcation of testimonials. 10 cents and 23 cents, at all drag stores. 2
!0G-9f.9eecoc9GO3ecQe&OwO69$»3«eo v ee09wtteeeewwe*t«
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our lat*
scientific method applied to the gum*. So
•lc^p-produeinc afrent* or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlorn In Sen
Fr—netseo having PATENTKD APPLlANCICS
&nd Ingredients to extract, till and apply ¦^¦.11
crom-n» and porcelain crowna undetectab'.e from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THK LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth tS. a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crown*. J5. Gold flllin?s. $1. Silver nll-
ln*r. 60c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TI5.TS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
e_ch department In charge of a specialist. Give
Df a call, and you will find us to do exactly
aa we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly wh«t vour work will cost by a FKEF
gXAMTXATTQX.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOUTIS. I to (: SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
KEW WE8TEB.1 HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE- '
:r.ode!ed and renovated. KING, WARD &
CO. Europe— n plan. Rooms, We to II M day:
IS to tS week: Si to 129 month. Free baths; hot
a_d coid water every room: lire grates In •very i
room; elevator runs &J1 cicht.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLrTDREDOINa PUMPS
1/DArU Wer* succ^Esful at Nom« la*t
iVCVUVJii year. All others failed. In opera-
tlon dally. 9 Stevenson St.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. OS Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
ASSAYING.
liFA..N tn r»n. arr.alcamate, »tc In 10 daya
CO. VAN PER NAILLEN. 9=3 Market «t.
DMEDGINQ PUMPS.
Our centrlfujral pumps are going to Cape Noire,
are you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
«rrav»!: hag interchangeable parts. W. T.
GAP.RATT _ CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma. i
DPEDGINCJ PLMP5.
Oil. Oa»o!lne. Steam Hnlsts. Centrifugal Pumps.
Er.pir.es_Holl»>re HendyMach.Wks.,40 Fremont.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
BurjJly fresh or salt wat«»r for Flulce boxes;
Mgh or low lifts, glmonds. Si Market »t.
ENGINES.
In rtock, >team. ras. gasoline: full Tine; mfrm.
p-lcf*. Arroriran Mfm. Aesn.. 20 Fremont.
OOL-' SEPARATOR.
Cjrlor* Onl<1 Separator and Amalgamator tn
tfaiiy operation. Win. H. Birch - Co.. 13S 1st.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gr'.d Savin* Machine. 229 Fol-
•oir. etreet. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
OOLH-SAVINO MACHINE
In operation daily st Mining Fair. Central
Park. Office 137 Beale et.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike rhampion rlulce saves gold: competi-
tion invited 1TS8 ISth St.. corner Guerrero.
PLATES TOP SAVING OOLn.
Erharzleln &. Eurrldce. 3 Hardie place, off
K'arny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
F. W BKI-U. Central Plating Works. S52 Mis-
sion «t.. K. F. 1'hone J<-*«'> SOI.
SILVER-PLATED MINING PLATES.
CET them at Denr.lston's San Francisco Plat-
ing Works. VJi Misclon st.
_____
TANKP— Paf.flr Tank Co.. manufacturers SS
Beale st.. 8. F.. 34S E. Id st.. Los Angeles.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
J>arn to know go).-! and rave It, to handle
_m»:caniH«!?.L- plate?, etc. Central Park.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DBUG CO ,,£&•,».,
TYPEWRITERS.
Blldwisderfer. especially adapted, durable, por-
tab'.e. reliable, practical; HO. 117 Sutler.
VHISKY.
UL.U-R HID clal Co.. a7-S» Sansome St.
OPOCERIES JNH PR3VISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard.
JOT Fourm. 13C2 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
LIQUORS- ~
TTniCrCV BLATZ BEER. Bethesda Water.
TT 111 J-L I CAHEN A SOS.418 Sacramento st.
• PORTABLE HOUSES.
BCRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washlnrton
and 1st «ta.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
Weak Men and Women
SKOLLD USE DAMUNA BITTERS. THE
eTT**t —textcan remedy; elves health and
rtrensth to »i-xu_l ortans Depot. 2S3 Market.
DIRECTORY
: OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Math 1
1 on Application.
ATTORNEY.
r. IL MEP*ZBACH, lawjer. CCS Cal.. Clunie b«.
COAL. COKB AND Pld 1ROM.
1 C WII it Cfl •N Battery Street.
«• v- n ILJU-I tt WV-, Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M*r. "
r W SMITH Sh1 f Plnrabin*;. Steamboat and
t- " • J.'lllllt ehlp Work a specialty. 16 and
IS Waahlcrton ft. Telephone Main t6tL
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
MC PflVFSJG-r/1 ¦ Ehippin* Butcherm. 10*
JA> uUlLOa LU-. Clay. Tel Main int.
1'KlNriX i.
F- C* flUOnESt til Bansoroe St.. 8. F.
STATIONED AND PRINTER.
reI £g c PARTRIDGE **-M$g?*
WHITE ASH STEiM COIL, x^guAcS
DIAMOND COAX. MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, la the Best Coal In t_a
B-r-et. Otflce &nd Tirds—ttO Main street. i
_. AD VEKTISEJ-ENTS. • _J__ ¦_ _ :; ,
MUNYON'S"INHALER
JF&S&. A Common Sense Cure for Ca-
/^SS^V' tarrh, Ast ma. Bronchitis,
Dipntheria and All Throat
SST^ q*J /louds of medicated vapor are inhaled
w5^ j A f through the mouth a.n.1 omitted from the
£3?/" > ri__T / nostrils after having cleansed and vapor-
S^V*S_!_«#r • ,3^ 5^Xp-^«L lzed all the diseased part*. A sense of
i^*2\yi i -r^ relief Is felt at once. Doctors indorse it.
ar l|HP l> Everybody praises It. It costs but Jl and
**\ Sc-^St v*^@lf* /tx_ 1s sol<i bj a11 druggists.
j- ilyir^ To the E**^ 1 Druggists of San
\r _ SO! ' ""* Francisco and neighboring cities.
L"'. v»\ H_i§
E^s^ «^ £S| € Plare your order with us at onc« for
I T" *. <_K<S3_I lhe M«nyon Inhaler. It will do what Is
jj\ Jr +^jf claimed for It and is the best selling pro-
< _^«— "^ -^[ • prieiary article we ever had in our estab-
•" - "" > "^ m_r * ' lishment. We are buying them In 500 lots.
REDDINGTON & CO. MACK & CO.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO.
AUVZKTISEMEIJT^ l^^_
Greatest ierve and Blood Tonic
I have riven personal inspection to th; working: of M. I. S. T. on the ham&a «j«tem, aad
must say that It entirely meets with my professional sanction .
D. E. LOOMI9, Late Demonstrator of Anatomy, Philadelphia Medical CoTI«r».
WHAT WE GUARANTEE M. I. 8. T. No. 2 WILL CURE.
RHEUMATISM, no matter how long- st-ndinff. Any cam of Inflammation of the Blad-
der or Enlarged Prostate Gland, no matter if the patients hare been for rears forced to nta
a catheter. SYPHILIS IN ANY STAGE. . ANY CASE OF DIABETES.
All cases of Im potency that can be enred, and permanently restore yonthf nl -Iror and
ritality. It ta no sdmnlant. Its effects are permanent and lasttn?. Will cure any ca*« »f
STRICTURE without local treatment. Will cure any case of Varicocele. mil re_tOT« e*.
tirelr from the system Cancer and Cancerons Germs.
.a addition to the above. M. I. S. T. No. 2 has enred many cases of Paralysis, Locomoto*
ataxla. Spinal Trouble and apparently incurable diseases of the nerves.
M. I. S. T. has been on the market for orer 20 years, and has cured t-onsands of »o_-
?-ers. It is prescribed by leading physicians all over the country. It is pleasant to take and
ES_IR_3_. f$__ E99 -bsoletsly safe. It nerer increases or diminUhes the action of tka
PL- PWf feC] Sii * ieart - i* 7° a a" suffering from any chronic disease you ars nr?ed to
W^ W^mT eP write to us, no matter how many doctors or kinds of medicine* you
m S 1 K_5B I__S havo tried without relief W_ GUARANTEE TO CURE YOU
: .T -' -." ™" That you may jndje of the Talne of the Great Specific for yonrself.
. iv r ;':¦' -.:¦; W8 will send yon one larpe case by mail FRE£,only asking that
wn«a enred yourself yon will recommend It to others. IVnte confidentially to onr medical
department, riving' symptoms. SI per box. or six boxes for 15.
Address M. I. S. T. Co., Toledo, 0.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
about women's His can be
I frankly told by one woman
to another.
Remember that Mrs.
Pinkham'is a woman*
Remember tha ' her advice
and medicine have cured
a million women of weak-
nesses peculiar to their
sex.
¦ Remember that no man
ever sees a letter written
to ¦ Mrs. Plnkham for
advice, that the letter is
opened, read and an-
swered by women* and
no testimonial ever pub-
lished without special
permission*
Remember that Lydia E*
Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound is the recog-
nized safeguard of wo-
man's health*
Remember those things
when some other remedy
is suggested, and remem-
ber them when you want
advice. Mrs. Pinkham's
address Is Lynn, Mass*
Good reason for smiling
' ' • , when you have the supreme
satisfaction of putting on a collar or shirt
done : up ' at the United States Laundry,
with a color and finish on It to suit the
most fastidious, and; no rough edges or
torn buttonholes to annoy. you. A man is
In luck. to be able. to have his linen kept
in such perfect condition as we keep It in
when- laundered at the United States
L-aundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNPRY
Office 1 OO4- Market Street.
Near | Powell. /
Telephone— South 42O, - ¦'.
Oakland Off ice-409 1 2th Street.
r* "PAT E N TS*' j
VS^330 MARKET ST.SlJNan^
AMUEE-IESTS.
Am I a Wiz? Matinee To-Day at 2 !
THIRTY-FIRST TIME TO-iNIGHT
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Success,
THE
WIZARD Of the NILE
It Is Greater than "The Idol's Eye."
EVERY EVENING AT 8.
?gfc°E L s^25^~d. 50 Cents
Telephone— Bush 9.
THI^ I AND
AFTERNOON | TO-NIGHT.
AND THEN NO MORE OT
A PARISIAN ROMANCE,
So Charmingly Presented by
MR. J/\7V\EES NEILL
And the Excellent Nelll Comrnny.
TO-MORROW (SUNDAY) NIGHT.
First Time Here of Xat Goodwin's Greatest
Success,
"AN AMERICAN CITIZEN."
No Advance In the Prtcea.
SBERH AN, CLAYS CO.'S DALL.
FAREWELL RECITAL!
SHERMAN. CI_VT & CO/S HAIJU
FAREWELL RECITAL THIS AFTER.
NOON AT 3:16 o'clock.
LITTLE
PALOMA
SCHRAMm,
Assisted by Her Tonnner Slater. K_VRXJt.
Her Only Pupil.
ENTIRE CHAXOE OP PROGRAMME.
Reserved Seats— 50c. 75c, fL
On Sale at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
BASEBALL!
Stockton
vs.
Oakland.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. Af.
SUN DA Y AJT2:3O P. Af.
RECREATION PARK
j Eighth and Harrison Streets.
GLENJ^ARK.
TO-MORROW! TO-MORROW! TO-M0RR0W»
CHAMPIONSHIP CAKEWALK
On the Open Air Platform.
THE DARING SLIDE FOR LIFE.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
San' Mateo or Missdon-st. Car* Direct.
10 CE.VTS ADMISSIOX-ONLY 1Q CENT3.
1 CllaLC way connecting: thes«
two Immense struc-
-—---—-——- tures places under
- one management 1400
JITm rooms. 900 of which
Cl.li.ii. My 8 »ath_ attached.
Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
UTcinCl an(1 appreciate tha
** **"** comforts and conveni-
—————————————— ences offered by thea«
_._ hotels.
U/x4-a1c« American plan. Eu-
IlUltJib ropean plan.
ffc__ CHJCMCSTEB'S ENGLISH
TNHYRWAL PILLS
/_li^4'*' CHICHESTEK'S K.VULISH
Jpi^' 1 llf»V\l« KKI) M ,i y.,1,1 mst _Uo boiM. ml«t
J^ Tj" b ' oe rtbtoa. Take bo other. JUAn*
Tn *X* 1 »« -% ««r«»"» "«b.tlfjUon« — • J 1 — lu*.
I / / *- flT t* 0 ""- B «.T "t 7~ >r Dnido. or Mad 4e. ta
VV. ,ff »*l"R*l!er for L«dle«."H» »«.•«•. Hrr*.
'^si^zjAr tinMtU. l»»,O«»«TeMl_<mt»u. BaMkr
„ 7^' •nDrtt«i« u . ChteheatcrCbemlealC*,
-u:i*a __ paper. ixk j_to» »«a_re, fill I.-- 1>S
l_fe_H_fll__Btt_iMS_BC7=a LABOR ATE preparations are being
!=3 made for the second annual excur
sion and picnic to be given by El
V=9 Capltan Division No. 115 of the Or
der* of Railway Conductors on Saturday,
May 19, at Mirabel Park. The committee
of arrangements, consisting, of A. B. Mur
ray (chairman). George S. Smith, W. J.
Hunter, J. C. Fleldlnjy. J. E. Dillen and
T." Billingslea, has arranged for one of
the most successful outings of the. year.
played and valuable prizes will be offered
to the successful contestants.
The conductors have decided to allow
the sale of no intoxicating liquors on the
grounds. Hundreds of families will be in
attendance, and nothing will be permitted
that will mar the day's pleasure. Trains
will leave Tiburon ferry at 9 a. m., San
Rafael at 10 a. m. and Santa Rosa at 11
arm.': Returning the picnickers will leave
the beautiful grounds on tho Russian
River at 5 p. m. The round trip will cost
$1. Children under 12 | years of age 50
cents.
Golden Gate's Anniversary.
California Chapter No. 1. Order of the
Eastern Star, celebrated its thirty-first
anniversary by a dance party in Golden
Gate Hall last night. It Was an invita
tional affair, which was att-ended by many
of the most prominent members of the
order.' Of the charter members there were
but four present, two of them being Wil
liam S. and his wife, who founded
the order in thi* State. Florin I.. Jones
was the floor manager, assisted by Grore*;
T.,: Darling, J. J. Mitchell and Ernest K.
Head.
RAILWAY CONDUCTORS PLAN
FOR THEIR ANNUAL OUTING
the Southern Pacific. The court circular
brought out Moses Gunst as a candidate
for delegate to the National Republican
Convention from the Fourth Congressional
District. It is whispered that Martin
Kelly and Phil Crimmins, who take or
ders from Herrln. consented to smooth
the way for sending Gunst, the old-time
nickel-!n-the-slot Democratic politician,
to Philadelphia as the representative of
the Republican voters of the Fourth Dis
trict.
C. P. Huntington. who is in the city, is
fond of saying to his old-time friends and
associates that the railroad is out of poli
tics and intends to stay out. He is right
on the general proposition that the com
pany ought to keep out of politics. Noth
ing is gained by meddling in the affairs
cf either one of the great political parties.
The Republicans are not threatening to
far up his tracks and derail his trains.
Republican* are not advocating a princi
ple of hostility to railroad corporations.
Dibble. Gunst. Mackenzie, Martin Kelly,
Phil Crimmins and Watt are not needed
to stand guard over railroad property.
No one is enlisting to cinch the corpora
tion over which Mr. Huntington presides.
Should there be any doubt, however, as
! to the truth of the assertion that the rail
road is in politics, let Mr. Huntington call
Mr. Herrin into his private office and ask
I him the question straight between man
i and man if he (Herrin) was not a party
I to the programme for bringing out Gunst
j as a candidate for delegate.
REPUBLICANS OF THE
NORTH WILL UNITE
N. D. Hideout Advocated as a Candi
date for Delegate at Large to
National Convention.
The Republicans of Northern Califor
nia, who were slighted in the la-^t State
Convention of the party, have resolved to
place in the field a candidate for delegate
at large to the National Convention at
Philadelphia. It is known that Southern
«'alifomla will present the name o*
I'ly^ses S. Grant Jr. The Republicans of
Northern California will rally around a
candidate from the north. N. D. Rideout
of Marysville is mentioned as an accept
able man. Many of his friends are advis
ing him to <>nter the race and are giving
him assurance of cordial support.
In th«» report of th*» proceedings of the
Napa County Convention A. A. Stlllwoll
was mentioned as /having been elected
delegate to the Republican State Conven
tion. The name should have been given
as A. A. Stillman.
Programme to Capture the Organization Pre
pared by Judge Dibble and Others Who
Take Orders From the Company..
RAILROAD SLATE
IS NOW EXPOSED
George Stone the Candidate for
Chairman of Republican
Convention.
c =ip;HE political agents of the Southern
Pacific Company have been working
j^ under cover for «-evera! days^ past in
the preparation of. a prc.gramme to
gain control of the executive committee
of the next Republican State Central
Committee. The oucces? of the schemers
In this direction carrot be paired without
the aesistarce cf Lhi» ctairman of the
Ftate conventirn. IT. C. Dibble, J. D.
Mackenzie and ovhers who take orders
from the raidroad have reached the con
clusion that Colonel Gecrg© Stone should
be put in the field as a candidate for
chairman. The Evening Post, organ of
the railroad. *fcor.A* the Purgestion of
Judge Dibble.
Colonel Stone may b<» the most estimable
rentleman fn (California, but at the pres
ent time he i« «*r,K:ajre«l as a contractor,
conductlrs work, of pi eat magnitude for
th* Southern Pacific Company. His chief
promoter and most eloquent supporter In
the con'jpst for the chairmanship cf the
convention is Judge Dibble, a recognized
Fjwkwman of the >railrr;ad corporation.
The selection of Co'onel Stone to pre
side over the convention would be a piece
of political folly. Ilia ability as a presid
ing officer in not questioned. HIr integrity
Is not disputed, but his position and sur
roundings are such as would render hi*
choice at this time a most unhappy one
for the party.
A railroad programme* to control the
Republican party in the choice of a
T'nlted Staies Senator Teas recen.tlj* over
thrown after one of the longest and hard
est political battles ever fought In this
State. The people of California hailed the
victory as a eign that corporate dictation
to the Republican party was at an end.
In the light of events fresh In the mem
ory of the voters what utter folly would
It be for a State convention in this Presi
<i<*ntJaJ year to accept a programme pre
6en!ed by the chief political a*:ent of the
Southern Pacific?
The Call has no candidate for chairman
<if the Republican State Convention. It
rnd no candidate for United States Sena
tor, but it fought to the finish to defeat
the candidate of th«» railroad and the
bosses. Th»» politicians who were engaged
in the conspiracy to surrender the party
to the railroad corporation cannot go be
fore the convention and make with any
hope of success a 6quare. open fight to
»!n control of the party organization.
They expect to gain by secret dexterity
some cf the lost points.
It is a Flgniflcaiu fact that the Exam
iner. Phelan's ccurt circular. Is working
hand in glove with the programmers of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
Ther* is quite a flutter in Democratic
circles over the news that Mnyor Phelan
has decided to lend his support to Bryan
end tret silver. The Mayor, after long
meditation, decides to become a candidate
for delegate at large to the national Dem
ocratic convention at Kansas City. In or
der that t1i#» nrw programme may be car
ried out either Judge Masruire or Jaeper
McDonald must Ftand a^ide. It is said
that the convention will not (dve San
Francifi^o more than two of the four dele
pates at large. Ex-Senator White and
J«mef G. Magrulr^ are plated, as Bryan Is
particularly anxious that both shall be
with him on the bank* of the turbid Mis
souri In the pultry month of July. It is
presumed, therefore, that Mapuire will
not be turn<HJ down to please Phelan. This
will make It easy for Jasper McDonald to
either ftay at home or go East as a dis
irlct delegate.
There i* some talk regarding the chair-
The Democratic Hosts Continue to
Wrangle Over Delegates to Their
ICational Convention at
Kansas City.
Silver Orator, However,
Turns Toward Maguire
and White.
PHELAN WANTS
m FINGER IN
THE BRYAN PIE
NAPA. May 11.— One of th» stronKest
political flKhtf which ever occurred in
this county resulted yesterday afternoon
in the turning down of Owen Wade, who
aspired to bo a delegate to the State con
vention.
Wade has been a strong man in the
Special Dispatch to Thn Call.
Republicans Remember His
Vote for Dan
Burns.
—^ v
Aspired to Go to the State Conven
tion, but Was Overwhelmingly
Defeated When His Record
Was Read.
OWEN WADE IS
TURNED DOWN
IN NAPA COUNTY
This is the season for and
ours Is the place to get the' supplies.' • ; A :
full line of Eastman and ; Montauk * cam
eras from $1 up. Books of "all ; kinds '.on
photography. •-* We do mounting- and devel
oping: in the latest styles and will be glad
tot do' yours. -Sanborn.-.'Vail &'Co., 741
Market street. - •
WATERTOWN. Wis. May 11.— Rev. J.
W. P. Jordan • died - here to-day , : aged i 80
years. He was In ministerial . : work : for
forty years. He was a member of the
Rock River Conference of Illinois.
Eev. J. W. P. Jordan Dead.
CATSKILL. N. Y.. May 11.— The tem
perature last night fell to 2S degrees above
zero. In consequence the fruit and berry
crops In this vicinity have been destroyed.'
The loss in this Immediate vicinity Is es
timated at $500,ooo.4pmacnEBBNBBlHBHl
Fruit Destroyed.
. On next Sunday, May 13, the California
Northwestern Ry. (lessee S. F. and N. P.
Ry.) will sell tickets to Santa Rosa , and
return at $1. This is a very low excursion
rate and at a time when Sonoma County
is at its prettiest. Leave Tiburon ferry,
foot of Market street. Sunday, at 8, and
9-30 a. m. On the return, leave Santa
Rosa 3:25 and G:30 p. m. ' •
THE LATE OWEN WADE, DIED
POLITICALLY AT ; SACRA
MENTO • FEBRUARY l', 1900,
BURIED LAST THURSDAY
AT' NAPA.
forces which. dominated his section of the
county, but , he ] dug his political grave at
the last cession J of the Legislature when
he turned over at I the eleventh ¦ hour and
cast in his lot with the Burns forces.;'All
through the. stormy 'days of that session,
when every! influence' possible was being
used to ' gain r. votes for Burns, -Wade, as
Assemblyman from Napa,* supported M.'
M.Estee for United States Senator. -When
the final ; test came,' however, he suddenly
changed /and his name "is recorded on the
list of those who. voted for the Mexican. !
When his name was mentioned as a del
egate : from j the St. * Helena district a mo
tion was made to elect him by acclamation
and'the storm broke. v ¦•. ,-.•: .- v : :
'Judge' Ham," although not a member of
the -convention," i led • the -fight against
Wade. v He rehearsed the whole 5 wretched
story of . the : proceedings at Sacramento,
and when a .vote was 3 taken -Wade was
found : to be overwhelmingly, defeated. A
new candidate was called for, and to pre
vent :', the' ' selected;.- delegate 'from ."giving
Wadehls proxy- a resolution was adopted
effectually • prohibiting any such : action:
The i delegates \ chosen are: -W. F. Fisher,
J. H.Steves. A. A; Stillman.JrHunterrH.
\j. Gunn,' r Robert;. Corlett and Percy? 8.
King;- -;¦;„;:;• •¦-:_' •-¦'-*.-< vi ;¦<«•¦ :. ,..-. ¦-.-. ,..-;- ¦
Frank ' L. Coombs was unanimously ; in-
OMAHA. Neb., May 11.— In the opinion
of representative Democrats the Kansas
City convention will never Indorse the
candidature of, Towne..' They .believe a
biff blunder was made at Sioux Falls. At
the Jacksonlan Club headquarters this
afternoon the subject was discussed open
ly and freely, but no leader will author
ize en Interview until Mr.: Bryan has
spoken. Kvery ¦ one of them, however
believes a mistake has t>een made. They
concede the .right of Eastern; Democrats
to name Bryan s running mate. It Is the
general opinion in Omaha that Towne
will withdraw. The name of Admiral
Schley for second place meets with treat
Democrats Think a Mistake Was
Made at Sioux Falls.
Special DIspa.tcti to The Call. • '
TOWNE TTNPOPULAB.
DID NOT SEEK. THE OFFICE.
Charles A. Towne Talks Concerning
His Nomination.
CHICAGO, May ll.-Charles A. 'Towne
when asked for an expression of opinion
regarding the action of the convention
said:
"I can only say as T have always said
since my name had been mentioned In
this connection that I have never eoueht
the office and have made no efforts to ob
tain the nomination: but if the Populists
and the other three parties think I am
the most available man for the position I
will accept. It has been my wish all alone
that the Sioux Falls convention should
name a committee to meet with commit
tees of the other two parties at Kansas
E&tin 0 C H n f id i e /, th S Vice Presidential
question, but It looks as though my
friends at Sioux Falls did not consider
that the best course to follow "
Play on Chicago Courts.
Last year the champion racket-wlelders
of the United States came all the way
from the far East to meet the Western
representatives in court battle. This year
the top-notchera, the Hardy and Whitney
bFOthers, will go Kast— that is. as far as
Chicago— where they will try conclusions
with. the champions of the Middle West
in the big annual tournament held at the
Kenwood Country Club. „ ,,
For the past. two weeks J. T. Gardiner,
a member of the United States Lawn Ten
nis Association and also a prominent of
ilcer In the Kenwood Country Club, has
been vlsiW this city with a view to ob
taining the promise of some of the local
olayors to make the Chicago trip and en
ter the big Middle West tournament. On
Thursday he was at the California Club
courts for the express purpoee of passing
judgment upon the playing of the W nit
neys. George Whitney was matched
against Joe Dally and to^the surprise of
all the spectators seemed to fall before
the fast work of the latter. He pulled
1 himself together, when - the score was a-1
in favor of the professional and took the
next six games by some remarkable ana
brilliant playing. Mr. Gardiner was much
impressea and told Whitney that he must
consider himself bound for Chicago". In
July. The sama favorable lOP*" 100 .,,* 8 *
passed upon the playing of Robert Whit
nev Mr. Gardiner was in Oakland to see
the Hardys and they agreed to accept the
invitation on condition that favorable
terms be offered. The good performance
of the Hardys at Del Monte "la* Septern
>™>r h»i eiven them a reputation in the
Eaat andSS? are wanted P badly at Chica-
g °In th o?der a to make it possible for the
\V><»terrers to go East the Pacific : Coast
championship singles will be played earlier
than has been the custom In former years.
The Chicago tournament opens on July
8 The last day of the 'Pacific States sin
gles championship-has always been the
4th of July. If the Eastern offer is accept
ed the coast tournament will, be played
during the last days of June so as to avoid
a- conflict and give the: men a chance to
recuperate before the three days' journey
to Chicago. .
1 At -the -California Club .to-morrow a
doubles handicap tournament will be
played for,the club cups. All the usual en-
¦ ¦ " - ¦ • -
Whitney Brothers and the Hardys
Have Accepted an Invitation to
TENNIS CHAMPIONS WILL
COMPETE IN THE EAST
tries will be found In" the tournament. On
Decoration day a champion singles, open
to all comers, wiN be beld on the Califor
nia courts.
DYNAMITERS AT WORK.
HONOLULU. May 4.— An attempt waa
made at 1 o v clock this morning to blow up
the residence of A. de Souza Canavarro.
the Portuguese Consul. The house Is near
Klnau and Pensacola streets. The at
tempt, was made with dynamite. The re
port was heard by all the neighbors*. The
house was considerably damaged, though
no one was hurt. Who the miscreants
were that made the attempt Is not known.
The police arc working on the case now.
pino; was 'V killed. Two or three hundred
insurgents ¦¦*¦ hold ¦* the : neighborhood . and
towns, ' and : the natives ' appear ; unfriendly;:
-. • .. ,,.,.../. . , .
.MANILA. May" 11.— The islanders of
Hashet : received ; Colonel ( Hardlng's , expe
dition ; differently, from ; those of . Marin
duoue.lwhere he lef t a'.regiment;
1 :. On ' approaching; the principal;, town, Ba
lano.1 the | Insurgent ] trenches ; appeared >, to
be occupied andithe gunboat,Helena'.bom
barded; them." vigorously/ after, which' three
companies r were - 7 landed ; v and -' took ?• the
trenches* with: little resistance. One, Fili-
Landing Party Captures the Trenches
. at ; Balano. After: a Brief
. Engagement.
are peculiarly subject occurred at Tukin.
a' large • town on • the western const, on
the night of the 18th Inst. Originating in
the suourbs, a high wind carried burning
brands to several parts of ' the city, at once
rendering the fire brigade practically pow
erless.' Not until the flames had been rag
ing for six hours were they .got under
control after ;¦ tho destruction of 1C0O
houses. ¦ including 30 ' temples and all the
principal structures. ¦;•¦••:.
The loss of life was unusually great,
sixteen persons perishing in the names
and nearly a hundred being more jjr less
injured. ¦- • '
The property loss is estimated at 5,000.
(00 yen. or about $2,500,000. Of the build
ings destroyed not • more than one - in
twenty; was insured. Much complaint Is
being made of the inflammable character
of <he oil of the Echigo wells, to the use
of which the origin of the fire is attrib
uted. „ - -¦¦ •
BATTLE WITH INSURGENTS
ON ISLAND OF HASHET
YOKOHAMA, April 25.— One of the great
conflagrations to which Japanese cities
Correspondence ' of the Associated Press.
Sixteen Lives Lost, Many Persons
Injured and Hundreds of *
Houses Burned.
Senator Platt Will 'Seek to Prevent
His Renomination for Governor
of Now York..
Special Dispatch to The Call. *
WASHINGTON, May ll.-Although Gov
ernor Roosevelt and Senator Platt and his
machine [are; outwardly very cordial in
their relations It is common report that
the Governor -knows the Platt machine
will try to prevent him from getting the
gubernatorial nomination if it c»n. Gov
ernor. Roosevelt hns not projected his
plans beyond the expiration of his next
term -as Governor, but it Is undoubtedly
a, fact. that he would not object to being
considered in ¦ connection with ther ap
pointment of Governor of the Philippines.
Governor Roosewlt received a* warm
greeting in the Capitol to-day, Senators
and members thronging about him. He
held a. -reception this afternoon to army
and navy officers in tho home of his
brother-in-law. Commander \V. F. Cowles.
FIRE DESTROYS A
JAPANESE TOWN
ROOSEVELT WOULD LIKE
TO GOVERN PHILIPPINES
"Nothing in all my life has so pleased me
as this."
Owing to the disadvantages which her
profession imposes, from Its very nature
failing to perpetuate Individual genius, it
is difficult for posterity to put a sympa
thetic valuation upon her high services.
Aside from the fart that she was easily
the finest actress America has ever pro
duced she was also ono of the most intel
lectual women of. the century. I<ik*» Mrs.
Slddons she proved to her countrywomen
the possibility of gaining the topmost
round of the histrionic ladder with un
blemished reputation. In her private lift,
affectionate, tenderly fond of children,
generous with her strength, her sympathy
and her purse, with a heart which Law
rence Barrett described "as gentle an
Infancy." nnd with u deep religious trust,
she was greatly beloved by a largo circle
of friendM. They looked with grief upon
the prolonged and intense sufferings of b«T
last illness and with admiration upon th«*
fortitude with which she met tho final
painfui struggle. To them the simple
slab in Mount Auburn, with its bare in
scription. "Charlotte Cushman." speaks
more eloquently of » strong. well-test»<t
!if? than could the most glowing pane
gyric.
inspiration with her usual concentrated
energy of purpose, sh« flashed upon the
stage, a beins? so weird, so original, so
powerful, that she fairly startled her au
dience into sympathy with her conception
and drew from her manager the following
commendation, long choxished by the util
ity actress: "I have come to thank you.
he said, "for the most veritable sensation
I have experienced for a Ions time. I
give you my word, when I turned and
saw you in that first scene I felt a cold
chill run all over me."
Rather masculine in appearance, she de
veloped a propensity for appearing in
male parts. Hamlet- Romeo, Claude Mel
not»f and Cardinal Wolsey beinsr her most
prominent efforts in this line. While her
Cardinal Wolsey was considered In many
waya a remarkable performance, her Ko
meo was probably more marvelous in its
assumption of a susceptible delicate phase
seldom happily portrayed by male actors.
Wnrm-hearteil and hlKh-spiriten. her
svmpathics were actively enlisted during
(he Civil War. when she acted especially
for the support of the sanitary commis
sion, to which she contributed over $S00O.
In this, as In many other instances, she
showed the general trend of her noble
life striving under all circumstances, to
W. L..- Mitchell of Aetna. H. N. Fassett
of Browns Valley; W. Ross Stearns of
Chlmlles. Benjamin Grauss of Calistoga,
George E. Slihig of 'Cameras, George Ste
vens of Coombsville. J. D. Mason of Knox.
C. N. Plckett of Hot Springs. A. B. Cook
of Lodi. John Hunter of Monticello. Rob
ert Corlett. M. J. Whltllnjjer. William
Munro, F. Borreo and K. \V. Jaensch of
Napa. JoshUJi Frye of Rutherford, G. W.
Strohl of Salvador. J. H. Steves and W.
A. Elgin of St. Helena. Patrick Bradley
and Li. .H. Owen of the Veterans' Homo,
C. F. Rednall of Vincland. George Brown
lee of' Suscol, W. A. BarnQlt of Pope,
George Powers of Yountville and T. J.
Roberts of Chiles.
dorsed as candidate for Congress from tho
First District.'.
A new County Central Committee was
selected as follows:
A man named George Collins was found
in an unconscious conditnon at the corner
of Eighteenth and Folsom streets at 6:45
last night and removed by the police to
the City and County Hospital. He died at
10:15. The cause of death has : not . been
determined. .;
Found Dying on the Street.
Important Changes In Southern Pa
cific Through Trains To-Morrow.
An important change of schedule, affect
ing Southern Pacific through trains by
way of Ogden, will take place on Sunday
next The overland limited, which now
leaves at 8:30 a. m.. will leave at 10; the
present 9 o'clock train will leave one hour
earlier-S a. m.-and the evening! train
will leave at 6 o'clock instead of 6:30. _
So far as local travel Is concerned these
changes affect only Lho morning train to
Knipnt* Landing, ¦Maryayllle and Orovllle.
which will leave at 8 o'clock instead of 9.
Three of these, changes therefore involve
earlier departures, which should be care
fully noted by all proposing to take those
I trains. , ¦¦ ' . -
NEW TIME SCHEDULE.
BUTLER MADE CHAIRMAN.
Populist National Committee Organ
izes for the Campaign.
SIOUX FALJ^S: May 11.— The ¦ Populist
National Committee met here to-day and
organized bj- the election of the following
officers:
. Chairman— Senator Marion Butler of North
Carolina. . . ,
Vice chairman-Ed mlston of Nebraska.
Treasurer— \V. T>. Washburn. of Massacnu-
F< SAc'retnry— J. A. Rdgerton of Colorado.
Fxecutlve committee — General J. B. W eaver,
Iowa: Senator William V. Allen, Nebraska;
U W Breld^nthal. Kancas: Eugene Smith,
Chicago; E. V. Way. Washington; T. Tracy,
Texas; Robert Schilling:, Wisconsin ; Major
Howler. Minnesota; Dr. C. T. Taylor, l'enn
eylvanla. ¦ '
favor in this section. The Omaha World-
Herald, which, up to a few months ago
was an ardent Bryan organ, will remain
silent on the action of the Sioux >a.lls
convention. "I have nothing to say,
said Editor Metcalfe.
The Omaha Bee will say: "The so-call
ed national convention of fusion Popu
lists which has put in nomination at
Sioux Falls a ticket with W J. Bryan
for President and Charles A. Towne for
Vice President can be regarded In no oth
er light than as a political farce. What
consolation men. can draw from the work
of the Sioux Falls convention who have
for years been professing devotion to
Populist principles and been imbued with
the conviction that they were working
nut a new political party which was to
figure in the national arena, is difficult
to see."
Th» power to select the povernine committees
of the party is conferred by section 11*« of the
Political Code of this State as amended March
4. issv. upon conventions of delegates elected by
ballot under the primary law of 1899. This pri
mary election will be held August 14. I9no
< f>unty conventions which may -assemble unicr
this call for '.he purpose of selecting: delegate*
to the StHte Convention of June 14, JSOO, will
therefore not elect county committees.
The Ptate '"emmittee further directs that du
plicate copies of the credentials of all delegates
selected for raid State convention he certified to
t-y the chairman and secretary of the respective
county committee*, or. In case county conven
tions are held, then by the chairman and sec
retary of such conventions, respectively
t iTu T r f ot .ft 16 , cred * n "*ls. together with a
full list of saMtleltgates, shall be forwarded to
cfTt» I „, i £*' pe , cr * tar y cf the Democratic
Mate ( entral Committee, at the Cnlifornia Ho
tel. San Francisco. Cal.. at least ten days prior
to the meeting of said convention, to wit. on or
before June <- 1&00- SETTI MANN. Chairman.
BEX. M. MADDOX. Secretary. *~ nl "" nan -
V. A State convention, of the I>pmocratie party
of the State of California 1« hereby called to
meet at the city of sjacramento, county of Sac
ramento. State of California, on the nth day of
June, 1900. at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, for
the purpose of selecting delegates to the Na
tional Convention of the Democratic party to
be he-H at Kansas City. Mo., the nth day of
July. 1900. and transacting «>ueh other business
as may properly come before Raid convention.
Z. The apportionment of delegate* to paid
convention shall be one delegate at large for
each county end one delegate for each 200 votes,
or a majority fraction thereof, cast 'in each
county for J. TV. Martin, who, as the Demo
cratic nominee for Presidential Blector received
the highest number of votes cast for any nom
inee cf the Democratic party for Presidential
Elector In the State of California in the election
of 1*96. ~
The representation to the State Convention
upon the basis herein eet forth I* hereby de
clared to be a«! follows: Alameda County 43
delegate*. Alpine L Amador 8. Butte 12, Cala
veras 9, Oolusa 7. Contra Costa 5. Del Norte 3.
El Dorado ?. Fresno 20, Glenn 5. Huraboldt 13.
Inyo 4. Kern 11, Kings 5, Lake 5. Laeoen 4, Los
Anirelep M. 'Madera 5. Marin 5. Mariposa 5,
Mendoclno 12. Merced 7. Modoe 4. Mono 3. Mon
terey 12, Napa S. Nevada 13. Orange 10, Placer
10. Plumas 4, Riverside 9. Hacramento 25, San
B^nlto «. San Bernardino 13. Pan Diepo 21. Pan
Francisco LM. Hm Joaqufn 1». San 1-uis Obtepo
11. Pan Maten 6, Santa Barbara 11. Santa Clara
27. Santa Cruz 11, Shasta 11, Sierra 4, Kisklyou
It. Rolann 12. Sonoma 19. Stanislaus R. Sutter S
Tehama. 7. Trinity 4. Tulare 14, Tuolumne 8,
Ventura >>. Volo 10. Tuba «.
The Democratic f»tat» Central Committee. In
pursuance to the rule adopted at the last Dem
ocratic Ftate Convention, direct* that delepntes
to the htate Convention Ffcall be *!ecteil either
at primaries or at county conventions and not
otherwise.
manship of the Democratic State conven
tion. Inside information is to the effect
that Judge E. C. Farnsworth of Tulare
will win the honor.
The County Committee. Jasper McDon
ald chairman, will meet next week to ar
range a programme for appointing dele
gates to the San Francisco convention,
the decree has been issued that there
6hall be no primary election in this city.
Tho appointed delegates will select men
to represent th« Democrats of San Fran
cIfco in the State convention.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee has issued the following call for a
State convention:
Th«* Dumnrntle State Ontrr.l ("ommltt" of
the Stat(» of Otlfornla. representing: the Demo
cratic party cf said Btare," a political party.
whl<~h at th* Jan general election held In the
Stat» of California, polled more than 3 per cent
ot the entire vote of the State, by virtue of the
authority veete<l in *ald committee hereby is
sues the following call for a Ftat<* convention:
Unclp George Bromley, the first railroad
conductor in California, has been chosen
orator of the day and will relate many
interesting events which go to make up
the history of railroading since the first
rail was laid In the direction of the Golden
Gate. Games of all descriptions will be
and an abundant success awaits them.
The conductors' last picnic was one of
the events of last season. Many train
loads of excursionists attended, and the
ticket punchers gained a reputation as
genial hosts. This time new features have
been added to the programme for the en
tertainment of the guests, and a good time
is insured to all.
COMMITTEE OF ARRANGE
MENTS FOR THE CONDUC
TORS 1 EXCURSION
Cb.arlof.te Cushman. the greatest of
American actresses, was of strong Pur
itan ancestry and born in the city of Bos
ton 1816. From childhood she showed a
grave and earnest character, a disposition
to avoid young companions and a fond
ness for practicing singing arid poring
over tragedy. Her voice proved of such
exquisite quality that she was determim-d
to go on the stage, and at the age of ID
made her debut in Boston as a vocalist.
This step was strongly opposed by her
clerical relatives, who were Indignant
that the name of their grandfather's
great-grandfather, Robert Cushman. who
preached tho first sermon In New Eng
land, should thenceforth' be associated
with the stage. Persevering, nevertheless,
in her chosen occupation. Charlotte Cush
man began singing in different cities.
In New Orleans her voice was so affect
ed by the climate that she was compelled
to modify' her plans and devote^herself to
acting. In a little room In the Crescent
City she labored zealously over the char
acter of Lady Macbeth until she felt com
petent to appear in that famous role.
Finding her singing voice Irretrievably
impaired, she began studying the drama
with even greater seriousness. While she
sometimes showed herself to be a charm
ing comedienne, she felt herself irresist
ibly drawn to the higher plane of tragic
acting, and her Instant reputation as a
tragedienne but increased her confidence
in her original convictions.
The following year (1S36) she appeared
in the same character in New York and
induced her sister Susan also to depart
from the traditional family pathway and
act with her. They appeared together In
Philadelphia, where Charlotte Cushman
became manager of one of the theaters
until Macready came to this country, then
she played with him.
Next to that of- Lady Macbeth, her most
important Impersonation was that of Meg
Merrilies, the result of a happy inspira
tion while she was acting as understudy
to Mrs. Chippendale. While waiting in
the side scene, book in hand, the wonder
' ful dramatic possibilities of the character
burst upon her. Seizing upon the sudden
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN.
XIII. CHARLOTTE CTJSHMAN.
(1S1S-1ST6).
Because of the strong interpretative
power which she possessed in her voice
she did not need to resort to the usual
stage artifices, and Henry Irving, who
acted with her in his youth, testified to
the kindly advlc*» which she gave him re
garding the simplicity of dramatic real
ism.
When she was art years old the Cu3hman
School was erected on the site of her
birthplace In Boston. Feelirg Jhat thi*
honor afforded her a proof of tV»> esteem.
in which she was held in her native city,
*he frequently said, with satisfaction.
quote her own simile, "to keep the prow
always turned toward good."
After thirty-five years of successful act
ing, both in this country and in England,
where she was accorded an unusually high
position as an actress, she determined to
devote the remainder of her life to public
readings. At the reading desk she con
fined herself chiefly to Shakespearean in
terpretations and found it afforded finer
opportunity for her subtle IntellectuaUsm.
In her acting of Lady Macbeth James
Murdoch declares that "she caught tho
facts of a character, but Its conceits were
beyond her reach. * • • She was in
tensely pros»aic. definitely practical, and
hence her perfect identity with what may
be termed the materialism of Lady Mac
beth." William C. Macready. always* gen
erous in acknowledging her powers,
averred that when playing Macbeth to her
Lady Macbeth he felt himself to be "less
than of secondary importance — in truth,
a mere thing of naught." At the reading
desk, however, there was no chance for
conflicting opinion. Here there was no
opportunity for displaying her marvelous
talent of "making up." no scenic setting
nor realistic claptrap, nothing but that ex
quisite elocution, accommodating Itself to
the varying necessities of the play, bal
ancing every character, and producing
upon the fascinated audience the convic
tion that Shakespeare could have no
grander exponent. Solely by the charm
of her rich, supple voice she portrayed
the intellectual body of the poet's concep
tion, so using It to set forth the groan of
agony, the struggling sensations of death,
the hollowness of remorse, the abandon
of d»»apair and the tremulous pathoa "f
old age. that. the totality of the drama
represented had a powerful, oftentimes an
appalling, effect upon her hearers. Law
rence Barrett, in -speaking of the chllly
horror which her voice produced in on* of
her finest Impersonations, said. "It sound
, ed as if she spoke through blood."
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOB GIRLS.
THE CALL'S HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
CHARLOTTE CUSHMAX.
BsisEoasiBHiBiiiiaaii
JREM0VED1
H ¦
I FRom a
I 70O MARKET a
f 215 and 217 Sutter St. [
¦ - ¦
¦ ' ¦
a A complete new stock of m
g CARPETS, g
sa LINOLEUMS, a
» CURTAINS, a
wo /\ t/G-&r Em^*m h
B ¦ H
I Schlueter & Volberg \
{¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦a
POSTUM CEE.EAL.
WINE VS. COFFEE
A Test Case.
"A winemaker's v.ife on whom I was
calling a year or two ago urged me to
drink a large cup of very strong coffee
when I had declined to take a glafs of
win* for the reason that the wine af-
fected me unpleasantly. The coffee was
so strong that my head reeled and rolled
for two or three days, and I decided the
wine would have been the more temper-
ate drink after all.
"I haJ been a moderate user of coffee
but had been suffering from sick head-
aches for some time and was becoming
very suspicious that coffee was the
cause of them. After this experiment
the drug power of coffee was made so
plain that I abandoned it altogether and
had a long season of hot water drinking,
which is not enjoyable, as you will ad-
"After awhile I was introduced to
Postum Food Coffee, and it proved a
joy and promise of pleasure to come. It
tasted so much like coffee that I waited
for some of the evil effects to develop.
They did not come, so I drank it three
times a cay and still continue. The habit
spread from me to the rest of the fam-
ily. Even father, a confirmed coffee-
drinker. 84 years old, now drinks Pos-
tum with great relish, and his health has
been better the past winter than for sev-
eral years.
"On Christmas we had a reunion of
several old-time friends and served Pos-
tum instead of coffee. One of the ladies,
who holds an important educational po- I
«ition and must care for her nerves, said,
•Give me the smallest cup — I dare not
drink coffee.' She was told that it was
not coffee, but was Postum. After drink-
ing a little of it she said. 'I never liked
Postum before. The way we made it, it
was so colorless and flat, but this is deli-
cious/ and she passed up for a second
cup.
"I explained that she could always
have Postum delicious if she would fol-
low the directions as to the amount to
use and time to boil." Mrs. M. P.
Iltincs, Prospect Park. CaL; CHICAGO, May. 11.— Wheat opened quiet and
a fraction : lower. L Traders were in a quandary
how . to - intemret the Government crop' report,
the area being < smaller^ - while . the condition
showed decided improvement. ¦
.'-, That i the ' report ' was * regarded aa ' somewhat
bearish was. evident; 'however,? from the down
ward tendency of prices." Continued dry weather
throughout the Northwest," together with some
sensationally ; bad .; advices ¦ ' from " Tehncttsee,
checked • the . decline for a ' time. ; but : when re
ports from the Southwest of, the excellent con
dition of the coming crop began to flood the pit
liquidation by longs became quite general,* and
the I price . kept rolling J down until stopped • by
the closing of the session. ¦¦'¦The decline In corn
Chicago Grain Market.
THE STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, May* 11.— Bradstreet's flnanclal
review to-morrow will say: S
Irregularity prevailed this week In the move
ment of quotations for securities. Speculation
is exceedingly dull and continues to be almost
entirely confined to professional Interests. This
element, as was noted last week, had become
In the main bearish in sentiment and its oper
ations for short account '. resulted In more or
less depression throughout both the railroad list
and the industrials, attended in the ¦ case • of
certain Blocks by a good deal of positive liqui
dation. The steel stocks appeared at first likely
to furnish reason for a further unsettling of the
general market and that part ot the list showed
decided heaviness - last Monday, . when- the' re
ports of . a conservative .banking house retired
from the directory of the American^ Steel and
Wire Company; on the ground that the resigna
tion of the company's chairman, Mr.* Gates, was
not forthcoming, as, it was ulleged, ;had been
promised. Later on, however," the. steel » stocks
withstood both a continuance of : bearish press
ure and the news that one. of the plants of the
Federal Steel Company had , been shut down
This last announcement was offset ' in a measl
ure by the resumption of -work at, some of the
mills of • the steel- and -., wire company, and
as ¦: further - reductions In prices j for • various
steel - and . iron ' products were- announced It
seems that the market had sufficiently, discount
ed the unfavorable developments in this connec
tion. "At any rate the Iron and steel industrials
developed 'steadiness In the face i of the heavy
selling that appeared In . railroad stocks on
Tuesday and -Wednesday. ¦ There ,vu ' consid
erable covering of short s In : the • leading mem
bers of the group, and later on Steel and Wire
and i Federal Steel advanced ' on - the news that
Mr. Gates and other Officials of the wire com
pany had resigned and that the vacancies In the
board hod been filled by representatives of con.
Bradstreet's Financial Revieiv.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — $4 85H
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 89'4
Sterling Cables .• — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — .15.
New York Exchange, telegraphic — '"'4
Fine Silver, per ounce..... — M
Mexican Dollara 4»14 ,,
Wheat and Other Grains.
•WHEAT— Liverpool was lower and very dull,
It being impossible to get a bid on cargoes.
Paris was firmer.
Chicago fell off a cent in both Wheat and
Corn, largely on account of. the Government re
port and fine weather. There were some com
plaints of Hessian fly In Kansas. The bears
had the advantage and hammered the market.
The leaders sold, which looked lower. The de
mand ;was very light.
In the local market futures dropped lHc and
spot quotations were also oft. New Wheat has
appeared, as will be seen In the first column.
• The Government report indicates a winter
Wheat crop of 380,000,CO0 bushels.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 90@91Uc; milling, 93%g>
96V * C " CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
10,000 ctis. $1 OOU: 18.000. $1 00%.
Second Session— December— 16,000 ctis. 99%c.
Regular Morning Session — December— 12,000
Ctis, 89Vic; 48,000. 99%c; 12.000, 99«c; 28,000, 99^ic.
Afternoon Session— December— 12,000 ctis, 99>4c;
62,000 99Hc; May— 4000, 92c.
BARLEY— The market Is flat and dull at
previous prices.
Feed, 72V&@"5c for No. 1 and 67H@70o for off
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 77U-J
82V4c; Chevalier, nominal.
. CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. -
- Regular Morning Session— No sales.
I Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— There is a fair jobbing demand at un
changed quotations.
White, *1 lOfll 30; Red,.$l©l 20; Gray, $1 07*4
@1 IE: Black.' $1101 07H. «
CORN— Eastern large yellow, $1 15@1 17V4 per
ctl ; Eastern white. $1@1 10 per ctL
RYE— »5©97^ic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
. Flour and Millstuffs.
¦ FLOUR— California family extras. $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 25@3 per barrel. .
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In. sacks are as :fol
lows.; usuaU discount , to the trade: Graham
Flour. $2 75 per ¦ 100 lbs; - Rye ' Flour. $2 7i; Rye
.Meal. 12 50: Rice Flour, $7; Corn -Meal. 12 50- ¦
Oat • Groats. $4 50; Homlny.i $3 25@3 50; Buck
wheat: Flour."; $4^4 25; ""Cracked Wheat. $3 25-
Farina. $4 50;. Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6<S7 25; In sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl'
Barl-y. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 Ihs. ¦ - ¦ .
Hay and Feedstuff s:
A car of new clover Hay sold at $6. Old Hay
was unchanged. * . ;
-.There Is nothing new in Bran and Middlings.
; . BRAN— $12(013 per ton. ,
MIDDLINGS— $17©20 per ton.
— Rolled. Barley, $15® 17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the ; mill; $2G#27; Jobbing. .
NEW .YORK. May 1L— FLOUR— Recelpta,
10,663 barrels; exports, 28,704 barrels; sales, 9400
barrels; moderately active, 5®10c lower. Win
ter straights. $t 25@3 50; winter extras, $2 65@
2 90; Minnesota patent, $3 60®3 85; Minnesota
bakers. $2 60«j2 95.
WHEAT— Receipts, 237,735 bushels; exports,
39,971: spot weak. No. 2 red, 78T4c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 2 red, 75%c elevator; No. 1 North
ern Duluth. 74Hc f. o. b. afloat to arrive; No.
1 hard Duluth, 76V»c f. o. b. afloat. Options
opened steady on firm Paris cables, but be
came demoralized later : through brilliant crop
and weather news and a bearish Interpreta
tion of the Government report. Weakness last
ed all day and the close was heavy at lftQlttc
decline. May, 70V4@71e, closed 70Hc; July,
71U&72 7-16c, closed 71%c; September. 72 1-16
@73c. closed 72%c. - v
COFFEE— Spot Rio,' quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
7 9-16c; mild quiet; Cordova, 9>£©13V4c. The
market for coffee futures closed firm with
prices net 5<310 points higher; total sales, 12,750
bags. Including: May, $S 40; June, $6 45; July;
$6 60; September, $6 70; October, $6 75; Novem
ber, $6 80@6 85; December, $7; January, $7@7 05;
March, $7 15.-
SUGAR— Raw. steady. Refining, 3 15-16c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 4 7-16c; molasses sugar
.3%c; refined, steady. .>¦••.-
BUTTER— Receipts, 3035' packages; firm.
Western creamery, 16%@20'/4c; factory, 13tyl5c
EGGS— Receipts, 12,647 packages; steady.
Storage Western, atmark. 13tt@13%c; regular
packing, at mark, 12Vi@12i4c.
DRIED : FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples ruled quiet
but steady on some buying for export account
and light receipts. Prices at the close were
unchanged from last night. California Oried
fruits were dull and easy at yesterday's de
cline. '
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4H<g5c; prime, 5%@6c; choice. 6*i@7c; fancy,
7!i(S8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3Vs@7c.
•APRICOTS— Royal,- 12014c; Moorpark. 15<ftlSc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16®20c; unpeeled, 7@Sc.
Nezv York. Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May ll>-The market for metals
was again weak at price variations still toward
a lower level. : . - . -
TIN — Eased off in . sympathy with London,
closing weak In tone at $23 62H1F2S "5.
; PIGIRON— Warrants " ruled ; very weak and
considerably lower for futures.- ,The spot price
v.-as quoted at $15 nominal at the close. North
ern No. 1,' foundry Western, nominally quiet
; at $21022. k ¦¦ ¦¦¦- '¦;.;¦ ¦ "' \ :
. LAKE, COPPER— Continued dull and un-
I changed on the basis of $16 87%.
i LEAD— Ruled dull at $4 25®4 30. The brokers*
: price. for lead was $4 and for copper $16 874.
j SPELTER— A shade , lower ; to day. owing to
' lack ofdemand, closing easy at $4 C5@4 60. '
i There la no change In Butter and Cheese, but
Eggs are rather cheaper.
Meats and Poultry are about the sane as
before.
• New frulta are appearing. Currants. Raspber
ries and Blackberries being added to the list.
Small lots of new Apples and Apricots hav»
also been received and In a few days will be
coming In right along.
Vegetables are In their usual good supply at
normal prices for this time of the year.
Fish In lighter aupply.
Coal, per ton —
Cannel $ ©13 00 Seattle ..$3 00®
I Wellington .. @10 00 Southfield
1 New Welllns- I Wellington ©9 W
ton ©10 00 1 Coos Bay ©7 09
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, per sqr...33@40j Ranch Eggs, per
Do, ->«r roll 33® — dozen 17320
Cheese, Cal 10<tfl2 Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Eastern...l7@20 pound 12^13
Cheese. SW.33 2CK33 Do, extracted...— <Ql)
Common Eggs — @15,
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12@17 Pork, aalt 13&1S
Beer, choice 151^20 Pork Chops 13%fl4
Do, good 10<ifl2 Round Steak 10^13
?orned Beef —©10 Sirloin Steak 15@—
Ham, Eastern.. 17%®^! Porterhouse do....20©25
Lard — ©15 1 Smoked Beef — ©II
Mutton 10<B12IPork Sausages. .12H«20
Spring Lamb 129151 Veal- 12&15
Pork, fresh 15©20l
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 60@83 Turkeys, per Ib...l5©2t> J
Young Rocsten. Ducks, each toc#$l
each Tocga Geese, each...$l 25®2 50
Old Roosters, ea..65<i£75;Ptgeons. pair 40^50
Fryers, each 65^75 i Rabbits. palr......4C@o0
Broilers, each 50-jjSO IHare, each ....—4320
Fruits and Nuts-
Apricots, per lb... — ®?> Orsng-es, dozen.... 18933
Almonds, per lb-.loaL'O Lemons, dozen.. ..13^20
Apples 5'ei i 'Limes, per dozen.lO<§12
Bananas, dozen. ..1C<M15 1 Raisins, per lb.... 5aV>
Blackberries. bsk.20r£23 Raspberries. bskt.l5®2S
Cherries, -per lb.. 6^15 Stra weenies, per
Currants, dwr...tl®l 25 drawer 3500
Gooseberries. lb..S£(12H Walnuts, per lb...— ©15
Vegetable*—
Artichokes. doz....30<&60 I Lettuce, ser doz.-lii? —
Asparagus, per lb. 4^10 {Onions, per lb.... i® Z
Beets.'.dosrn 124^15 Okra. dry. per lb. — 650
Beans, white, lb.: 5«#— Peppers, green. lb-15e;o
Colored, per lb.. 49 5 Potatoes, rer lb.. 3'tr i
Lima, per lb.. ..— ® S Parsnips, per doz.l5@ —
Cabbage, each 6^10 Rhubarb, per lb.. 43 «
Cauliflowers, each 5©10 [Radishes, dz bens.lO-tr.2
Celery, bunch 5@ — ISage. doz bnchs...2o'd2.~>
Cress, dos bnchs.. 203?23 String Beans, lb.. 5-315
j Cucumben, per Summer Squash.
dozen 50cj7$l 00 per pound 8910
Egg Plant, lb 12'rtIO Thyme, per lb 20®30
Green Peas. lb.... 3® 5 Turnips, per doz..l*St5
Lentils, per lb 6{j 8. Tomatoes, oer lb.lO@13
Fish— -
Barracuda 15®— Shad 15®—
Carp 12© — Sea Bass —if —
Codfish — #15 Smelts —®—
Flounders 12«— Soles 15<§2O
Halibut 15€— 'Skates, each 10®M
Kinrflsh — <Q12!Tomcod ISO-
Mackerel i -4S— [Clams, gallon 50@ —
Do Horse — ** — ! Do hardshell. 100. 40© ZO
Perch 13S2'J|Craba. each 10<ei3
Pompano — ** — Do softshell. dz.25i&35
Rnckflsh 13^20 Mussels, quart.... 10iai2
Salmon, fresh 15® 20 .Oysters. Cal. lOO-WfU
Do. smoked — <S-0\ Do Eastern. doz.2j©4J
Shrimps 8® 10 1
Family Retail Market.
NEW YORK, May 11.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, ahows the bank clear-
Ings at all the principal cities for the week
ended May 1L with the percentage of increase
and decrease as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
, Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. l>ec.
New York $1,003,175,116 26.4
Boston 119.863.720 IS. 3
Chicago 147,210.445 5.1
Philadelphia &4,7b6,o63
St. Louis 32.D03.669 .... 3.3
Plttsburg 35,509,746 14.3
Baltimore 24.106.SJ0 28.1
San Francisco 19.451.SZ0 6.8
Cincinnati 15.10S.10O 6.3
Kansas City 15.331,763 24.7
New Orleans 7,»7O,»OO ' 5.3
Minneapolis 11,088,700 21.5
Detroit 8,044,623 .... 11.2
Cleveland 10,05S,25S .... 1.2
Louisville h,679,S67 15.2
Providence 6,6S2,6OO 11.4
Milwaukee 5.44<t.fss 1.7
St. Paul 6,403,766 2.4 ....
Buffalo 6,825,094 13.6
Omaha 6.005,357 42.7
Indianapolis 6,393.459 10.2
Columbus. Ohio 5,636.400 25.8
Savannah 3.102,239 24.0
Denver 4.453.694 37.0 ....
Hartford 2,333,903 8.6
Richmond 3,474,264 IS. 2
Memphis 2.530,933 33.9
Washington 2.924,087 .... 6.0
Peoria 2,0*6,468 14.6
Rochester 2.600.097 27.0
New' Haven 1.447.199 16.2
Worcester 1.248.540 24.9
Atlanta 1.C60.646 10.8
Salt Lake City 2,105.379 .... 14.7
Springfield. Mass... ¦ 1,228,524 .... 27.«
Fort Worth 2,424,192 25.4
Portland. Me 1.032.056 83.5
Portland. Or l.S«8.4S4 15.8
St. Joseph 4.391.070
Los Angeles 2,400,075 27.5 ....
Norfolk 1.2M.636 22.1
Syracuse 1,149,532 . — ....
D«s Molnea 1,754.144 21.3
Nashville 1.212.863 12.8
Wilmington. Del... 813.441 3.9
Fail RI\-er 851.885 2.9
Scranton 1,019,1*4 14.1
Grand Rapids 1,696.949 .... 3.9
AugueU, Ga 755,977 1S.5
Lowell 509.967 .... 41.4
Dayton, 0 1.152,278 .7.8 ....
Seattle 2,285.253 61.7
Tacoma 915,680 27.0 ....
Spokane - 1,814,090 .... 7.5
Sioux City 1.2S9.060 2J.I
New Bedford 409,903 .... 20.S
Knoxvllle. Tenn.... 4S1.577 8.6
Topeka 6M.944 30.0 ....
Birmingham 7K9.148
Wichita f.24.018 7.3
Binshamton 356,500 ....
Lexington. Ky 392.341 10.1
Jacksonville, Fla... 241.818 3.8
Kalamazoo 419,570 10.5 ....
Akron 473.400 17.9
Chattanooga 392,659 31.3
Rockford. Ill 348.785 17.1 ....
Canton. 0 247,000 ....
Springfield. 0 319.969 4.5
Fargo, N. D 330,624 21.3 '
Sioux Falls, S. D... 154,647 1«.O
Hastings, Nebr 169,973 62.5 ....
Fremont. Nebr 103,153 :... t.S
Davenport 878.181 32.8 ....
Toledo 1,202.435 35.3 ....
Galveston 6,007.000 .... ....
Houston 6,118,844 46.3
Macon 487,000 6.7
Helena 519.620 3.8
Little Rock 643.176 14.7 ....
Kvansvllle S60.053 2.9
Saglnaw 46.173 60.6
Springfield, 111 378,997 ' 17.0
Youngstown 278,023 .... 5.3
Totals. U. a $L65L891,839 18~O
Totals outside of
New York $648,706,423 1.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $15,259,949 ...; 7.5
Toronto 10,698,449 .... 11.9
Winnipeg 2.C24.2S9 17.1
Halifax 1,533,116 18.5
Hamilton 833,699 .... u.g
St. John. N. B 752,733 ....
Victoria 714,842 ....
Vancouver 848,369 16. S .....
Totals $32,663,236 , .... • ~
Bank Clearings.
Nnv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, May 11.— The stock market suc
cumbed again to-day to the pressure of liquida
tion, which effectually overbore whatever ele
ments of strength showed In the early trading,
wiped out yesterday's recoveries and carried
prices down in many Instances to the lowest
of the week. There was nothing In the news of
the day to account for the renewed weakness In
stocks beyond the general supposition that to
morrow's bank statement will show a further
considerable reduction of the surplus reserves.
It waa very evident early in the day that the
demand from the outstanding short Interest
who had sold precipitately in the break of
Wednesday had been about satlitfled. No out-
Eld*? demand had been attracted and the bull
pools, which had resumed operations yesterday,
found the task of holding up their favorites a
hard one. They had some assistance from Lon
don, where the market made a show of
Hrength, eccourared by developments In South
Africa. The opening prices here were about
the highest. The considerable gains shown by
Missouri Pacific, Baltimore and Ohio and Na
tional Steel yielded to the selling pressure and
were wiped out. the first two stocks taking
their place among the weakest of the railroad
list. Southern Railway preferred was another
severe sufferer. The principle examples of
weakness, however, were found among the epe
cialties and industrials. Sugar and Steel and
Wire were weak from the opening. American
Tobacco was under severe pressure all day on
rumors of a projected competitor and the price
chows a loss of nearly seven points, following
yesterday's loss of three points. Many of tlie
metal stocks and the local traction flocks show
losses of from 2 to 3 points. Net losses of a
point or upward are frequent In the railroad
list.
Sterling exchange was firmer In response to
higher discount rates in London, but no gold
was engaged for export to London. Rates for
money were unchanged.
Prices of bods cave way during the day In
sympathy with stocks. Total sales, par value.
$1,500,000.
United States new 4s declined % and old 4s
advanced H In the bid price. ,
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sha^s Closing
Sold. Stocks — Bid.
8,470 Atchison 23*4
JO.SCpO Atchison prefd 67!»
11,460 Baltimore & Ohio 75
100 Canadian Pacific fSV*
SCO Canada Southern 61
1.650 Chesapeake & Ohio 27«4
2.700 Chicago Great 'Western 12H ,
17,145 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 123^4
200 Chicago lnd & Louisville 22>,4
200 Chicago lnd & Louisville prefd 62^
200 Chicago «i Kagt Illinois 102 :
Chicago & Northwestern 156
1,425 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 105H
£00 C C <.: & St Louis 57%
Colorado Southern ; 6}j
325 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 33
Colorado Southern 2d prefd ,... MVt
800 Delaware & Hudson H3',4
Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 1761*
200 Den\-er & Rio Grande 15V»
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 67»4
Erie 12
600 Erie 1st prefd 35%
735 Great Northern prefd 151H
100 Hcrklng Coal 15
l,4yO Hocking Valley 37
200 Illinois Central 112«4
Iowa Central 14^
• E00 Iowa Central prefd 47
800 Kansas City Plttsburg & Gulf 16%
100 Lake Erie & Western 23
Lake Erie & Western prefd 91*i
Lake Shore 20S
4.650 Loulevllle & Nashville 79
16.000 Manhattan Elevated SSS
4,000 Metropolitan Street Railway lK>-\
200 Mexican Central U
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 63
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd $5
74.260 Missouri Pacific % C6%
Mobile & Ohio 40»*
Missouri Kansas & Texas 11
4,250 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 32' j
W) New Jersey Central 116
1.549 New York Central 130
4,075 Norfolk & Western 3314
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 76
j 11,200 Northern Pacific 55%
430 Northern Pacific prefd 73%
2.700 Ontario & Western 21
1 Oregon Railway & Nav 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
12.630 Pennsylvania ISOtf
1.050 Reading 17
2,150 Reading 1st prefd C.'.H
300 Heading ?d prefd 27%
Rio Grande Western 15
Rio Grande Western prefd 89
St Louis & San Fran 10H
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 66
»00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 52>£
100 St Lout* Southwestern 11
»50 St Louis Southwestern prefd 27H
19.C00 St Paul 116
St Paul prefd 172
St Paul & Omaha 112
18.355 Southern Pacific 33^
4,125 Southern Railway 12V»
4.B00 Southern Railway prefd 53V4
2.130 Texas & Pacific 17
16.H70 Union Pacific £2%
1.CS5 Union Pacific prefd 73Mi
3(0 Wabaeh 8H
2,100 Wabosli prefd 21%
650 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9^4
1.035 Wheeling & lake Erie 2d prefd 26>4
300 Wisconsin Central 15H
Exrress Companies—
Adams •• H5 .
American 149
United States 47
Wells. Farso & Co'a .115
Mlscfllaneous—
1L0 American Cotton Oil 33
American Cotton Oil prefd 94
American Maitlng 3«4
W) American Malting prefd ...* 21 Vj
4,U3 American Smelting & Refining 38^
112 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 8S^
American Snirits 2M
American Spirits prefd 17
1,050 American Steel Hoop 22
200 American Steel Hood prefd 71H
..28,000 American Steel & Wire 38
4.SM) American Steel & Wire prefd 78
3.3T0 zAmerican Tin Plate 25
600 American Tin Plate prefd 77
118.175 American Tobacco .. 90>A
American Tobacco prefd 128"
110 Anaconda Mining Co 43
25.015 Brooklyn Rapid Transit GW$
1.550 Colorado Fuel & Iron 37*4
JS.550 Continental Tobacco 25>4
4450 Continental Tobacco prefd 76
8,210 Federal Pteel Sgi^
1,200 Federal Steel prefd 67«4
123 General Electric 135
220 Glucose Susrar 45
Glucose Sugar prefd 99U
1.600 International Paper „ 22'
911 International Paper prefd C4
PT.0 Laclede Ga* '. C6
150 National Ulscult 30>i
1C0 National Biscuit rrefd 84
2,103 National Lead 19%
CSS National I>»ad prefd ..; ..100
220 National Steel ......;... 30>4
1.3CA National Steel prefd, .' S7%
137 New York Airbrake : ....125
415 Nortfi American i\%
Pacific Coast — 46
• 110 Pacific Coast 1st prefd 82
; Pacific Co«st 2d Drefd : £6
I 2.070 Pacifio Mail ...I...:... ; 30'^
i lO.ino People's Gas 93%
....:.. Pressed Steel Car.tr .'rrrr.T.. :.......... 4514
100 Pressed Steel Car prefd *. 77U
164 Pullman Palace Car i$o
standard Rope &. Twine 51^
C9,ooo Sugar .....rt7;";r.'".T7n.'..iic?i
., Sugar prefd ..." ...Ill
, -2.610 Tennessee Coal & Iron ............... 75«
3,«10 ¦ United States Leather ........... llW
638 United States T -"a.t^cr srefd ........' 69J,
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 8U 6 8<4
Closing 5 85i 6 7:4
• PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ..I9 60 2130
Closing ..; .1970 2135
Opening ; 23 85 27 85
Closing 25 85 27 85
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. May 11.— CATTLE— Receipts, 2000;
steers. , active. 5@10c higher; butchers' stock.:
steady to strong; natives, best on sale to-day, j
one carload $5 62H- Good to prime steers. $5®
5 80; poor to medium, $4 25@4 85; selected feed
ers, steady, $4 2505; mixed stockers, slow, $3 75
©4; cowb. $304 60; heifers, $3 25@5; cannere, ;
$2 40<33; bulls, $2 90@4 30; calves, $4 50-Ii>i 50:
Texas fed steers. J-tfj-o 20; Texas bulls, $3 2i©
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 19.000; to-morrow,
estimated, 14.000; left over, 1&00; active, steady
to strong. Top,* $5 45; .mixed and butchers',
$5 10® 5 42V4: good to choice ¦ heavy, $5 25@5 45:
rough heavy. $5 10®5 20; light. $3@5 35; bulk of
sales. $5 2505 37'/4. '
SHEEP— Receipts. 6000; sheep steady; lambs
firm. Good to choice wethers. $5 35@5 75; fair
to choice, mixed, it><STo 50; Western sheep. $i 50
ftiS 70; yearlings, $5 75(16; native lambs, $5@7 40;
Western lambs, $6<g7 40. '
;*.' London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May 11.— The offerings at the wool
sales to-<!ay numbered 12,537 bales and In
cluded 3700 bales Punta Arenas. The better
feeling led to active all-around competition.
Americans were moderate purchasers of greasy
cross-breds. The Continent competed well for
scoured. . ~
s :
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., May 1L— Exchanges, 8300.
577; balances. $45,713.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND, May 11.— Walla Walla wheat Is
nominally C2@53c; Valley about' the same, but
Borne exporters are offering as low as 50c, wt\tcli
Is not far from the export. value with freights
at present rates.
Cleared— British ship John Cooke, for Queens
town, with 34,383 bushels wheat and 96.10S bush
els barley.
WASHINGTON. .
TACOMA. Wash., May 11.— WH"EAT— Market
irregular and prices show a decline of lc. Blue
stem, 64c; club, 51c; both for export.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May ' 11.— Consols. 100 9-16; silver,
27 9-l«d; French rentes, lOOf 92Hc; cargoes on
passage, rather easier; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 3d; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s;
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, May 11.— Wheat, 'dull: No. 1
standard California, Cs 3d@6s 3V£d; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, easy.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 7-16d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— Dull; No. 1 California. 6s 3d
@5s 3Hd: No. 1 Northern spring, Ss IOH'1- Fu
tures—Quiet; July, 5s 6d: September, Ss 7T»d.
CORN — Spot — Steady; American mixed new.
4s ltfd. Futures— Quiet; May, 4s lV4d; July,
3s UVfcd; September. 3s . 11 ftd.
•
Charters.
Allen A. lumber to Hilo; Echo, lumber to
Melbourne, E7» M; Sem'.nole, lumber to Syd
ney, lit 1 1.
Em*l African, wheat to Europe, I7a 6d.
Treasure Shipment.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of $359,216,
ecr.slrtlng of $:34,6S3 In Mexican dollars. $S9S
in gold coin. tlUS.700 in silver bullion and $13,733
la Japanese ilivw and currency.
Cargo for British Columbia.
The steamer Umatllla Balled yesterday for
Victoria with merchanilre valued at $14,572.
Including 370 cs canned guoda. 413 pkgs vege
tables. €44 pksa fresU fruit, 917 bxa dried fruit.
> .» eka and 10 bales salt, 70 cs bar sugar, 9
bbls baking powder, 190 bxs paste, ti pkgs
groceries, 7<X> qr eka flour, 7W sks tr.s't, etc
Wheat for Europe.
The British eh!? Dowu Hill was cleared yes
terday for Cork for orders, with 75,477 ctis
wheat, valued at 174, SCO. As dunnage she car
ries SO.000 feet lumber, valued at $309.
Additional Cargo for Hilo.
AfiCltlcnal manifests to the total cf $3*44 were
handed In for the bark Annie Johnson for
Hilo. The edd'tlons Included 150,000 tbs fertil
izer. C10 ekj bran. CS4 ctla barley. 410 bales hay,
£4 ctla wli-at, £40 qr sks flour. Zi sks middlings.
Cargo for the Orient.
The etearner Coptic, which sailed yesterday
for the Orient, ccrried asserted merchandise
valued at S20&.734. and distributed aa follows:
Chin* $74,532
Japan 85,284
Hcnnlulu "5.672
Manila 7.S15
East Indiea 4.965
Vladivostok £20
Total $208,794
The destination of the principal Items Is es
follows:
For Chisa—U.SCt bbls Cour, 4S5 casks beer.
tS3 gals ginseng. 9 ca champagne. 6 «s whisky.
C bbla 33 cfks and 10 cs of wine. 300 bxs pearl
barley. 3S cs mineral water. 10 bbls lard oil.
z:'j ce canned goods, 300 cs condensed tniik, CG4 ;
pkgs groceries. 125 cs cheese. 20 bbls pork, 49
r>k£« mining supplies, 7$ bags abalones, 66 cs
dried fruit. 91 fks shrimps, 13 crates blankets,
34 cs phonograph supplies. 20 cs tobacco, etc
For Japan— 2012 bbls flour. 290 bbls alcohol,
*IZ cs and L kegs liquors. 1100 gala wine, 673
bbls and 4 ca whisky, €00 ca candles, 765 ca
condensed milk. 2900 kegs nails, 116 pkgs bolts
and spikes, €42 bxs soep, 2.C25 bdls twine, 168
cs mineral water, 43 pkgs machinery. 725 eko
malt, 1273 bdls ehooks. 40 bxs bicycles, 469
pkfrs groceries, 1220 i>ke bark. 15S rolls and 6 ca
leather. 120 pkga hardware. 16 pkga phonogra.ph
and photograph rapplles, 4 pkga mill macfcln- |
ery, £0 cs tin foil, eta.
For Honolulu— S6 cs boots and shoes, 103 cs
fewir.g machines, S3 pkgs hardware. 60 rolls
leather, 1 cement tetter, etc.
For Manila — 100 pks> bottled beer. 200 cs
whisky, 150 cs wine. 250 ca brand:'. 1000 cs
MtMRt, 100 c* lard. SO cs sauces, 12 bbls 9
half-fcbls and 75 kegs preserved vegetables, etc.
Tor East Indies— 165 cs salmon, 218 cs canned
fruit. 102 cs whisky. S8 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 27 pkgi phonograph supplies, £9 cs
mineral water, etc.
Arrival of New Wheat.
U. Blum & Co. report the arrival at Port
Coeta. of a car of new wheat, the flr»t of the
ntscn, being the earliest arrival on record.
It w»» shipped by J. M. & O. B. Kimberlln of
Samosa, in the upper Ean Joaquin Valley, who
have been sending in the first wh*at for several
yesire. A sample ehows the let to be clean,
but rather thin.
Our Account With Pacific Roads.
The following figures show the amounts due
the United States frcm the Pacific railroads
on account of bonds iseued in aid of their
construction : Central Branch Union Pacific.
S3,7S<tl~: Fionr City and Pacific, S4.19S.949;
total, f7,S49.136. The Government has been re
imbursed for $27,236,ri2 principal, and $31,211,711
Interest, b^'r.g the total indebtedness of the
Union Pacific Railroad Company to November
1. 1S97. .and f ->r the principal of the Kansas
PKiBc iartebtedness. amounting to $6,303,000.
The unpaid balance of the total Indebtedness
of the Central Pacific and Western Pacific
Railroad companies to the United States, un
der settlement, agreement of February L 1W3,
amounts to 144..109.536 and accrued Interest, leca
transportation earnings.
Our Cash, and Debts.
Tfce JolSowlng Is a statement of the public
Aebt and of the cash In the treasury of the
United State* at the close of business April SO.
received from Secretary Gage: Interest-bear
ing debt, J1.C56.8C3, 490; debt en which Interest
hai ceased elnce maturity, $1,182,170; debt bear
lrg no interest. $332. S73.S72; certificates and
treajrury notes, offset by an equfel amount of
cash In the treasury. $727.9T3.7?S; aggregate
cf debt, J2.14S.9U.412. Compared with the state
ment Iseued March 31. the figures show an in
crease of certificates an<i treasury notes
amounting to $T,<$2,0Vfl. and an Increase In the
aggregate debt of $5,388,709. The ccsh in the
treasury at the date mentioned wai>: Reserve
fund. $150,000,000; trust fund. I727.930.T79; gen
eral fund, Si;r..;f2.44. : In national bank de
poi-ltarle*. $110.S:il.9C2; total, J1.102.00S.12S. The
cash balance ia the treasury. March CL ex
clusive of reserve and truM funds, was $1DC,
792.995. and on April 3D. $146,117,548. showing a
decrease during the month cf $10,675,417.
Weather Report.
(120th MerlCian-Paclfle .Time.)
8AX FRANCISCO. May 11-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
fat', a» compared with those of came date
iaet seaeoa and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hour*, season. season.
Eureka 0-02 48.57 33.3S
Red Bluff »¦« 20.18
Sacramento Trace 2'j.28 14.01
Fresno 1« 9.H 7.U
Independence O.OJ J.6C 1.21
S*n Lais Oblipo Trae« H.02 16.41
Lo» Aneele« 0.2S 7.H 6.01
San Diego 0.C* ' S.JS 4.S4
Vuma O.00 1.23 L 3<
San F*rancl8C© data: Maximum temperature,
tC: minimum, 50; mean, B3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST,
Generally cloudy aud threatening weather
prevails over the Pacific slope and Ilocky
Mountain region. Scattering light rains have
fallen in all districts.
The pressure ha* risen over the country west
of the Rocky Mountain* and fallen over the
tinp*T Missouri Valley. The storm central over
Utah this morning has moved rapidly north
eastward and is now in Northern Montana. .
The temperature has fallen over the country
west of the Rocky Mountains, except along
the California coa«t. The fall over the pla
teau region has been about 29 degrees.
'A thunderstorm Is reported from Pocatello.
Conditions are fai'©rable for partly cloudy
and somewb&t threatening weather Saturday
In California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending May 12. 1900:
Northern California— Partly cloudy, and some.
what threatening weather Saturday, : with scat
tering light showers In the mountain recions;
brisk west wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Saturday;
somewhat threatening in the morning; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Cloudy, with showers, Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy, with ehowers, Saturday.
Arizona-Cloudy, probably with showera Sat
urday mornlnr.
Stn Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Saturday; brisk west wind.
G. H. WILLSON,
Local Forecast Official.
higher. Wellington, $3 per ton; new Welltog-
I ton. $3; Southfield Wellington. $3; Seattle. W;
j Bryant, $8; qpos Bay, J5: Wallsend, $3; Co-op
; eratlve Wallsend. $3; Cumberland. $12 in bulk
and $13 23 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg-. «4; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $16 per ton
in bulk and $13 In sacks; Castle date and Rock
Springs. $S 45 per 2000 lbs.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there fca.ve been two deliveries of coal from
I Washington. 7600 tons; two from British Colum
; bla. 8S23 tons; two from Oregon. 1150 tons: to
tal. 1..573 tons. Coal must come to band some
what faster or our yards will again become de
pleted, as our actual consumption la fully 50
per cent in excess of our recent deliveries. It
j would appear that there should be enough
steam colliers now employed to transport our
fuel requirements, yet such la not the case. A
I very serious accident has recently occurred at
! the Black Diamond colliery In Seattle. They
I have been large shippers of steam coal In the
I past, and the Influx or water will preclude ship
ments for some time. Lignite coal from Gs."up.
over 700 miles from Los Angeles, Is being rall
• roaded into Stockton and finds ready sale there.
Its delivery cost shuts It out of this market.
Freights from Australia are steady, but carriers
are scarce. Colonial grades are no longer In
i yard here— they have all been consumed— and
! but little can arrive here for the next three
months. The records show about ten to twel\e
I new oil companies Incorporated dally. Oilseek
! Ing and oil producins are not synonymous, as
• ispouters are not numerous, although "boring"
la largely in evidence. The Cape Nome steam
! ers will consume the major portion of the out
! put of the British Columbia collieries for tha
i next three months."
j SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
! pany quotes, per lb. In 100 lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60c: Powdered.
S.COc: Candy Granulated. 5.20c: Dry Granulated.
5.10c; Confectioners' A, 5.10c; Magnolia A.
4.70c; Extra C. 4.60c; Golden C, 4.50c; barrels,
1 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxes. &0a
1 more: 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
! for less than 73 barrels or its equivalent. Dom-
I lnos, half-barrels. 6.83c; boxes. 6.10c per lb.
I San Francisco Meat Market.
Previous prices rule for everything.
BEEF— «©6%c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— «H©9c per lb.
1IUTTON— Wethers. 7S7V4c; ewes. «®7o per
! pound.
¦ LAMB— Sprlnjr. 839c per lb.
PORK— Live Hoes, &%86c for small and me
dium and 5>4@5Hc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. SU&S^jc; dressed Hogs, 73S%c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, MAY 1L
' Flour, qr sks 11,970 Quicksilver, flsks 111
I Wheat, ctis 2.SJ0 Eggs, doz 23,n7'>
f narley, ctis 1.SW3 Hides, No 1<S4
j Oats, ctis 1. or » Pelts, bndls «•>
| Corn, ctis 74.. Wool, bags 49->
i Cheese, ctis , 158 Hay, tons 3."H
! Butter, ctis 407 Bran, sks 5i?
; Lime, bbls 364 Potatoes, sks .... i 71".
Sugar, bbls 42 Onions, sks 131
Wine, gals 50.7^0 Sugar, sks 4.2-. ¦)
! Leather, rolls ... 1S7
, UTAH.
Flour, qr sks 14.337' Potatoes, sks .... J.SS3
Oats, ctis 2.015 j
i OREGON'.
j Flour. Qr sks 3,271
Shipment of $359,316 to China.
Silver back to 60c. Ex-change unchanged.
Wheat vontinues to decline. First lot of the new crop arrives.
Other cereals quiet at previous quotations.
New clover Hay received. Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans and Seeds very dull at old prices.
Some zoasi Coals rower. Coke higher.
Apricots arrived from Vacaville. ,
Cherries firmer again. Strawberries higher.
Potatoes and Onions advanced slightly.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs continue dull.
Poultry market steady, with sufficient stock.
Nothing new in Provisions or fresh Meats.
Hides and Wool dull and unchanged.
800 United States Rubber 28%
120 United States Rubber prefd 93'i
9,S20 Western Union 7S%
10,000 Republic Iron & Steel 15
947 Republic Iron & Steel prefd C6V3
•• C C C & St Louis 52
2S8 Third-avenue 107%
8SS,000 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
Money— ;<:•¦ IWest End.. 92
Call loans. 3 ©4 | AVestinghse Elec... 42*4
rime loans 3H@»VS Wisconsin Cent.... 1S&
• Stocks — Bonds —
Atch T & St Fe.... 2374 Atchison 4s M>&
Do prefd 67% Mining Shares-
American Sugar.. ..110V» Adventure 4*4
Do prefd 111% Allouez Mln Co.... 1%
Bell Telephone 30S Amals Copper 86%
Boston & Albany.. 242 Atlantic S2»y4
Boston Elevated l'.2iA Boston & Montana-291
Boston & Maine. ..193 iButte & Bost 164
Chi B & Q 123%'Calumet & Hecla..76O
Dominion Coal 41ft Centennial 16V4
prefd 117 Franklin 13&
Federal Steel 3SU Humboldt 75
Do prefd 67 Osceola 65
Fltchburg prefd. ...131 Parrot 40*4
General Electric... 135% Qulncy 135
Do prefd 138 St Fe Copper....... 4%
Mexican Central... 13 Tamarack ..........178
>.* E Gas & Coke... 14',4 Utah Mining....... 27%
Old Dominion 16% Winona 2%
Rubber w\k Wolverines 33
Union Pacific 52%
MIXING STOCKS. .
Chollar 0: Ontario 7 75
Crown Point lr Ophlr 43
Con Cal & Va 1 35. Plymouth 12
Deadwood «»! Quicksilver 160
Gould & Curry 12 Do prefd 7 60
Hale & Norcross... 24!Slerra Nevada. 25
Homestake ........ 60 00! Standard 8 00
Iron Silver 6SJUnlon Con .-16
Mexican 2HYellow Jacket. 10
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s refunding |M K & T 2ds i 69
(when issued) 102% M"K & T 4s 93V4
U S 2s registered.. 99U N Y Central lsts...lll
U S 3s registered.. 109 N J Cent gen 5s... 122
U 3 3s coupon 109 North Carolina 6s. .1274
U S new 4s reg 133H North Carolina 4s. .106
U S new 4s coup.. .133Vi Northern Pac Ss... 66%
U S old 4s reg 114%|Northern Pac 4s. ..103%
U H old ¦'s coupon. 114%iN Y C & St L 4s. ..106
U S 5s registered. -112HiNor & W cons 4s... 9674
U S 5s coupon 11214 Nor & W cen 6s. ..131
Dist of Col 3.6:.s....l22 Oregon Nav lsts...lO9
Atchison gen 4s. ...100 [Oregon Nav 4s 103U
Atchison adjuet 4s. S3%!Or Short Line 6s. ..129
Canada Sou 2ds....l07 Or S L cons 6s 114
Ches & Ohio 4%s.. 9S% Reading gen 4s SVAi
Ches & Ohio ob 1171-1 R G Western lsts. 89
C & Nor cons 7s...l4US St L & I M cons Es.109%
C & N S F Deb os.119 St L & S F Ben 6s. 124
Chicago Term 4s... 96 St Paul cons 170
Denver & R G lsts.lOUi St Paul C & P lsts.120
Denver & R G 4s.. 9S7fc St Paul C & P 5s. .121%
E T Va & Ga lsts. 102% Southern Ry 5s 111H
Erie general 4s 72"4 Standard R & H 6s 70%
Ft W & D C lsts.. 71 Tenn new set 3s 95%
Gen Electric 5s.... 120 | Texas & Pac lsts.. 115
G H & S A 6s HOHiTexaa & Pac 2ds.. «5
G H & 8 A 2ds 10'HlUnion Pacific 4s. ..104%
II & T C 5s lUHIWabaeh lsts 1UM
H & T C cons 6s. ..110 Wabash 2ds IC2H
Iowa Central lsts..U5 West Shore 49 112
K C P & G lsts 71H Wls Central lsts... 90%
La new cons 4s... .108% Va Centuries S2
L & N unified 4s... 9»£ Va Deferred 9
Southern Pac Is.... 72H Col Southern 4s.... S3&
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
NEW YORK, May 11.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: -. .:'
The trade situation this week may be summed
up In- the phrase: Inactive demand and weaker
prices. "
While; In many respects the Industrial situa
tion ; Is /easier than . it was the unsettlement in
the building; trades continues marked, the reflex
action being exhibited in unsettled demand for
building material and weaker prices for lumber
and for many products used in the building in
dustry. ¦
Iron ; and steel buyers are still holdlns off.
most of the business done being for small lots
for. immediate consumption. Further declines
are noted in steel billets and for some finished
products, while sympathetic ¦ weakness is re
ported in the other metals, such as copper, lead
and . tin. There : were . slight increases of the
output of pig iron during the month of April
and a small gain In lurnace and other stocks.
Steel rails and structural | material are conspic
uous exceptions to the:' weakness above noted,;
pri6es for . these products being firmly main
tained. ¦ • • • : '
In speculative markets dullness has been the
feature, wheat, after considerable steadiness,
weakening; on the favorable Government crop
report, which Is taken to indicate a yield of
winter wheat JOO.OOO.COO bushels larger than a
year ago, notwithstanding immense damage
from winter killing in the Central Western
States, apparently offset, however, by a high
condition In States west of the Mississippi.
Relatively good reports come from the retail
trade at most centers, notwithstanding the
backward spring:, but as yet the volume of re
order business from wholesalers and Jobbers has
proved disappointing.
Finished cotton and woolen products remain
steady. Wool is weaker, owing to restricted
demand from manufacturers and In sympathy
with lower, prices set at many grades at the
London wool sales. ! Primary wool markets are
higher than in the East Print cloths, though
nominally held firm at Fall River, continued to
be offered below the Liverpool price. Coffee
Is rather weaker, owing. to lower quotations in
European markets, and sugar is also shaded,
owing, to receipts exceeding requirements. Rel
atively a good report comes from the distribu
tion trade In shoes, but manufacturers are
hanging back in their purchases of leather, and
hides are -rather weaker.'- Relatively the bebt
trade reports still come from the Pacific Coast
market, but better weather conditions at the
1 South have tended to brighten trade reports
from that section.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the>
week aggregate 3.4S0.374 bushels, against 4,537,
022 last week; 3.284,182 In the corresponding
week of 1899. 3.64G.543 in 189S. 2.5S3.875 In 1897 and
1,903,225 in 1896. Since July 1 this season the ex
ports of wheat aggregate 1C9.506.CO6 bushels,
against 203,038,784 last year and 2C2.G23.C04 In
1ES7-9S. • ... ¦
Business failures In the United States for the
week number 174, as compared with 133 last
week, Ifi9 a year ago, 250 In 1S9S, 251 in 1S97 and
265 in 1S96.
Business failures for the week In the Domin
ion of Canada number 19, as compared with 19
last week, 21 last year. 25 In 1898, 31 in 1897 and
24 in 1S96.
Nezu York Money Market.
NEW YORK, May 11.— Close: Money on call,
steady, at 2@2% per cent; last loan, 2 per cent;
prime mercantile paper, 3V£@4U per cent. Sterl
ing exchange firm, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 SSU@4 8SH for demand and
$4 S4% for sixty days: posted rates. $4 8504 S3H
and $4 £9@4 S9V6; commercial bills, $4 83%<@4 84V*.
Silver certificates. 60(g60ttc; bar sllvtr, 60c;
Mexican dollars, 47^c. Bonds— Government, ir
resular; State, inactive; railroad, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— To-day's statement
of the. Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, J141.2fi3.724: gold. J76.25S.C35.
¦ . London Market.
j.
NEW YORK, May ll.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London flnanclal cablegram says:
The markets here were rather harder to-day,
although there were' signs of liquidation In
Grand Trunk and Westrallans. Business, how
ever, was slack at the beginning of the set
tlement. . There was some talk of peace, based
on a report that the Volksraad had given the
Transvaal Government authority to act as cir
cumstances may require, coupled with the Cabi
net council to-day, but this was merest sur
mise. Funds rallied ¦ on the sudden easing of
money. _ - ,'¦ ¦ :
Americans began firm, some of them going
a dollar over parity, but the public was en
tirely absent and professionals were very cau
tious. New York did nothing until the close,
but In the street ¦ offered stock caused a final
ssg. Baltimore and Ohio's course had sick
ened London. •
It Is thought the Boer emissaries' visit to
America will cause temporary disturbance in
the United States, affecting the market. Tln
tos spurted to 55',« on the ten shillings rise
In metal but relapsed to 54% on Paris sales
before the settlement. Anacondas were sup
ported.
The bank bought £24,000 gold In German coin
and was notified of £50,000 at the Cape; £100,
000 in transit from Japan will probably be In
tercepted. Money was almost unlendable. .
CLOSING.
LONDON. May 11.— Atchlson, 25% ; Canadian
Pacific. 96U: Union Pacific preferred. 73%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 76*4; Grand Trunk,
7V4: Anaconda. 9; bar silver, quiet, 27 9-16d
per ounce; money, 3S3V4-
Bradstreet's on Trade.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
and - stop-loss orders also contributed i to the
weakness. July ; closed, with a loss of l%c. at
Conv opened steady, but began to give way
immediately under active liquidation, and .had
a downward; tendency the greater part of the
soBSlon. The weakness was increased toward
the. close by stop-loss selling. July closed with
a loss of ¦lK®Hic.
Oats ruled weak In sympathy . with other
grains, • closing %c lower.
¦Provisions ruled fairly steady until the ses
sion_was nearing Its end. when demoralization
oi.tne .bulls, in. corn made longs timorous and
throwing over of holdings caused a sharp' de
cline. July perk and rib3 lost 2VaC each and
lard was 7%c lowtr.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull,
prices easy; No. 2 spring wheat, G5@66c; No. 3.
61©64%c; No. 2 red. 7C@71c: No. 2 corn. 3S%@
3Sc; No. 2 yellow. 39Vic: No. 2 oats, 23@23V.c;
No. 2 white. 26©26%c; No. 3 white, 25>4@23»ic;
No. 2 rye. 63%@54e; fair to choice malting bar
ley, 37@42e: No. 1 flax seed, $1 80; No. 1 North
western, USO; prime timothy seed. $2 43£2 50;
mess pork, per bbl, $11 43011 43: lard, per 100 lbs,
$6 82%@S 85; short-rib sides (loose). J6 40(ff6 65:
dry salted shoulders (boxed). 6%@6%c: short
clear sides (boxed), $7 06®7 15; whisky, basis
of high wines, $125^; clover, contract grade, $7.
On the Produce Exchange ¦ to-day the Butter
market was steady: creamery. 14@19Hc; dairy.
13@16>ic Egga, steady;-- fresh, 10%@llV4c.
Cheese, dull; creams, 9@HV4c.
Business In local stocks and bonds was good
on the morning session ot the Bond Exchange.
but fluctuations were few. Contra Costa Water
was lower at $70 and Giant Powder declined
In the afternoon Giant Powder advanced to
$39 50 and Contra Co«ta Water fell off to $63,
these being the only changes.
STOCK AND- BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. May 11—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask' Blfl.Ask.
U S Bonds— I Equtt C L Co. Z\ X
4s quar coup..ttt%U4'H;MutuaI El Co. v — 11
4a do reg lHHUlftjO G L & H... 48 47'*
4s do cp new..l33'.' k 134^ i Pac Gas Imp.. 45U 47
3m do coup 10S l«9%tPac"L Co 43** —
Miscellaneous— |S F G & E 4S*i 47 .
Cal-st Cab 5s..U8%U3H San Francisco. 4^, —
C C Water «s..l07^ — stkn G & E Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6S..128V4 - Insurance-
F A CT Rt ««..11S — Flr«m'« Fund. 227 —
Gcary-^t R. 5s. — 95 Bank Stocks—
11 C & S ifes.. - — Ang'.o Cat Ltd. « C6%
Do Bs 105 V* Bank of Cal...4O5
L A Ry 5s — (104!i Cal 3 D & T..104 10«
L A L Co «s... — — iFlrst National. — .2*)
Do gntd 5s... MH101 tLon P & A. ...132% —
LAfcPR 6s. 1024 — {Merchants' Ex 13 — .
Market-st C9...12M* — i Nev Nat Bank — —
Do 1st m 5«..U7V«11S • Savings Banks—
N N G R R 7s. — IH iGer S & L....1SB0 —
$27 50^28: Cocoanut- Cake $20@21 • ' Corn Meal,
J25: Cracked Corn, J25 50; Mixed Feed. $15 M;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to good; $3 50
®10 for choice: Wheat and Oat. $7@9; Oat.
t6 £ll> Ea .? le r^® 7: Alfalfa. $5©7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25© Sic per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Business continues very dull and quotations
show no chansre. »
DEANS— Bayoe. $3S3 20: small White. S3 23O
3 45: large White. J3 10@3 20; Pink. $2 60®2 90:
Red. $i 25(??3 50: Blackeye. iZ 5004; Butters,
nominal; Lima, $3 25@3 30; Pea. $3 4003 £0- Red
Ktilneys. J4®4 50. _. , -....•
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard. 4>,i£H%e: Flax. M £-0<B2 20; Canary.
3'ie P«r lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. SfllOc: Rape, 2>^3c; Hemp. 4tzmc-
Timothy. 4@4V4c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90@2 25; Green $1 90
©2 23 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables. 1
New Potatoes and Onions were higher. Vege- I
tables were featureless. !
Receipts were 835 boxes Asparagus. 269 boxes !
Rhubarb. 329 sacks Peas. 220 sacks Beans. 246
racks and 576 boxes n?w Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks, 4C@ 65c per sack; Ore
gon Biirbanks. 5C@90c; New Potatoes, $121 30
in sacks and $1 25©1 73 In boxes. * ¦ ¦ ¦
ONIONS— New Red, SOo{j$l 25 per ctl; Aus- i
tralian, $4 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 35c@$l per box: !
Asparagus, COcgil 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 50igl 75 for No. 1 and $2 for fancy large: ;
Green Peas, 75c@$l per sack for common and I
$1 25@1 60 for Garden; String Beans, 2®5c; Wax j
Beans, 3*4@5c; Horse Beans, 40!g30c per sack; ;
Cabbage, 40@50c; Tomatoes. $1 1~Sa I 73; Ega
Plant from Los Angeles, 10®12 1 /ic; Dried Okra. ;
32Vsc per lb; Garlic, S@10c; Oreen Peppers from
Los Angeles. S@10c; Dried Peppers. 8@10c; Oar
rots, 2C4i3.Sc per. sack; Los Angeles Summer
Squash, $1@1 25 per box: Cucumbers. 23Q>oC per
dozen for hothouse and $2 50 per box for Marys-
Poultry and Game.
Another car Of Eastern came In, making five
thus far this week. There was no change in
prices, but all the stock did not clean up.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll®12c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens: Oeese, per pair.
$1 50<gl 75; Goslings, $1 75g2: Ducks. $» 5005
for old and $3 50®6 for young: Hens. $«35;
Young Roosters, tiff 7: Old Roosters. $4 £&&* 50;
Fryers, $i SOlffo; Broilers. $3 6004 for large
and J2(g3 for small; Pigeons, $1 75©2 P*r dozen
for old and )1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME-Nomlnal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continue to shade off and are quoted
very dull. Fine creamery Butter continues
firm, but medium and lower grades are weak, j
There is nothing new In Cheese.
BUTTER— !
Creamery— Fancy creamery. lVAc; seconds. !
lCV44(17c. i
Dairy— Fancy, K@16Mc; good to choice, 14® j
lattc; common. 13'/4c '
CHEESE— New. 7Ms@8^c: Young America, 9@ |
9^c: Eastern. 16017c: Western. l.ifolSc per IK >
EGGS— Quoted at 13©14c for store and UQ ¦
16c tier dozen for ranch. ;
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Twenty-four packages of Prlngle Apricots |
came In from Vacaville, selling at $1 50 per •
crate and $1 i>er box. \
Two cars of Oranges sold at auction at $2 75 !
©2 95 for fancy Navels and $13190 for seed- !
lings. i
Strawberries were In light receipt and prices
advanced. Cherries were also In light receipt
and higher, though there was considerable left
over stoclc that had to be sold. Some dam
age to Cherries by the rain Is reported in sev
eral districts. The lirst Royal Annes are in
from5 Vacaville, selling at $1 per box.
Arrivals of Raspberries and Blackberries ara
still meager, and there is no overstock of
Gooseberries.
DECIDUOrS FRUITS —
APPLES — 73c«g$3 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $C@6 per chest for large
and $3@10 for small berries. Receipts were 208
chests.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25#40c per drawer for
common and sc per lb for English.
HASPBERRIES-Frcm Newcastle, 51 23 per
crate: from near-by points, 6i^i70c per drawer.
BLACKBERRIES — Some from Covir.a on Ice
sold at 12 J^c per basket. Those from Newcastle
brought $1 50 per crate.
CU RRANTS— 73cfc$l per drawer.
CHERRIES— 3o® 65c per box for red and white
and 4D@i>>)c for black. Receipts were 2419 boxes.
CITKUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. »1 iAl&Z per
box; Seedlings. Sligl 75; Lemons, J1®1 50 for
common and iZfiZ 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 60; Bananas, $1 25Q2 SO per
bunch; Pineapples. $3 50@i per. dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The fruit market continues very dull and j
dealers look for no more actlvjty until the new j
crop comes forward. Sales of Honey are light |
and the new crop is. slow in coming In. Ral- I
sins are handicaped by the recent disagree- |
ments In the association, which render the lm- ;
mediate future of these goods very uncertain. \
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks, i\c for
4O-5O's. 3Hc for 30-60's, 3V«c for CO-70's, 3@3',i for
70-SO's 2*4©3c for 80-DO's and 2'hc for 30-10O**;
Apricots, 9<910c for Royals and I0@lIc for
Mocrparks: Peaches. 4&CMfec for Standards. 5c
for choice and 5V4S6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches.
10*fl2V4c; Evaporated Apples, 5WR6c; Sun-dried.
3@4c |>er lb; Pears. 3H©-*lic for dark and 7ijf8c
for bright halves; Black Figs. l*ij?2c; White
Fig*. 2iS3c; Bleached Plums. 7V»c; unbleached
Plums, tic for pitted and lHc for unpltted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, Cc. Sultanas — |
Fancy, per lb, »Hc: choice. 7Vic: standard, «Vic;
prime. 5c; unbleached Sultanas. 5c; Seedless, I
50-lb boxes, he: 2-crown. loose.Muscatels, 5Hc; I
3-crown, 6>/ic: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers.
2-crown. $1 £0 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy I
Clusters, $2; Dehesa. %2 50; Imperial. J3. All
prices are t. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8S9c for Standards and
9@10c for softshells; Almonds, llte@12c for
paper shell. 9S10c Tor soft and 4©5c for hard
shell. Peanuts. 5-\®6?4c for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts, 7V*@Sc. Filberts, 12©
12'.io. Pecans. ll@13c. Cocoanuts, $4 30Q5.
HONEY— Comb. llV4@12c for bright and 10Vi9 !
lie for HBht amber; water white extracted. I
7&c; light amber extracted, 6ft@7c; dark, 5^4 j
fi6c per lb. ¦ !
BEESWAX— 21®26c per lb. ;
Provisions.
The market shows no change whatever! Trade
Is slow and prices are more or less unsettled In
sympathy with the Western markets.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy
lie for light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14V4c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%® 14c; Mess Beef, |12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13: Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 50@15; extra clear. |19; Mess. $16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12H@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@8c per lb for com
pound and 8V4<S9c for pure; half- barrels, pure
9%c; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 10Hc
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 8%@8%c per lb; half
barrels. 8*«®S T /»c; 10-lb tins, 9%c
'Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
¦Wool and Hides continue neglected and weak
though there is no further decline In either
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about lc ' under quotations. Heavy « a it«»H
Steers. 10@10%c; medium, 9©9V4c; light. 9©9iic-
Cowhides. 9®9Hc: Stags. 7c: Salted Kip i$c :
Calf. 10c: Dry Hides, sound. 18c; culls' »n«i
brands, 15c: Dry Kip and Veal. 16@i7c* r£r
Calf. 19@:0c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®30c
each: short Wool. &><g60c each; medium. 70©9fo~
long Wool. $l@laO each; Horse Hides. $2©' si
for larEe and $1 25®1 75 for small; Colts hii
50c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins. 4oc'- fail
or medium skins. 35c; winter or thin skins" •£-
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large' anTi
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c. \ > ,. * " ua
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered, 5@5<4c wr ih-
No. 2. 4©4V4o; refined, 6c; grease. 2&@3 C
¦WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follow, •
Northern free. 15H®17c: Northern defective? J
©15c: Middle County, free. 15(^>7c- Mlddl-
County., defective. 13® 15c; Southern Mountain
12 months'. 12®13c; do, free. 7 months' lietw
do. defective. 7 months'. 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20<g23c: Nevada. 16©lSc per lb
The circular of Jacob Wollner says- "Tk,_
Is very little wool selling, with the "exceotioS
of what local woolen mills are buying EaYt
ern markets are reported dull, quiet and
"At the sales in Red Bluff some 2600 bales
were offered and sold from 14«4®15i4c A rc*od
many lots In the Sacramento Valley have also
been purchased at from loc to 16c. .
"The London sales, which opened on Tuesday
the 8th lnst., are reported from 5c to 10c lower
on fine wools and 10<515c on cross-breeds which
make the market look rather sick and fine
wools are nearly low enough enough 'for Impor
tation.. There Is more wool offered at the Lion
don auction, this sale, than for many a year
as many wools withdrawn at the January and
March sales are being offered now. The hold
ers then thought the market would recuperate
but. were disappointed, and are now satisfied to
take what they can get.' No one can tell the
reason for wool declining in the face of all
calculations," the shortage of wool; smaller pro
duction in -Australia and South America the
war in the Transvaal and "with this and Euro
pean countrfes reported prosperous, especially in
textile manufacturing. . and we • know that foi
the last six - months manufacturers hare not
bought -much. wool, and are keeping out of the
market. ¦ This ¦ state of affairs : may ¦ be caused
by, the manufacture of a poorer class of goods
of which only 25 per cent is wool, and - It is
mostly made of shoddy and cotton. Whenever
the people will and can buy abettler class of
goods made wholly, of wool we can look for a
market and better prices for wool."
HOPS— 639c per lb.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags. $$ 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%c; "Wool Bags, 2SVS^32Hc; Fleece
Twine. ,7%c.
' , COAl^-Several coast kinds are lower. Coke U
eervatlve flnanclal Interests. ', The pressure upon
the railroad share -j list' centered ;, largely ¦ In
stocks. like Baltimore and Ohio and Missouri
Pacific,' which had advanced recently on pool
manipulation. There was for a time evidence
of a liquidation ; of large- amounts of long Btock
In these ; securities, and at the same time the
market -was influenced more or lesa by appre
hension regarding : the labor situation In con
nection with several important systems.
THE SAN rRA^CISCO CALL, SATUlJDAYj MAY 12, 1900.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain 1 and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Continued on Page Thirtesa.
10
?pen.
High.! Low.
Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May '
ruly ..."."
Corn No." 2—
Vlay
ruly;..
September ..
Oats No. 2—
Kay .............
fune ........... .
ruly ........; ¦.""'
Mess Pork, bbl—
Vlay ....;.........;.¦
ruly .....:....
Lard, 100 lbs— !
May
ruly .-..
September
Short Ribs. 100 lbs—
Hay .......'.
ruiy ;;;
September |
65% 65% 64»4 64 U
66% 66Til 65% 65* 4
37% 37% 36% 36%
33 39 37% 37%
33Vi 33% 3SH 38Vi
22% 22% 22 l i 22V,
22% 22% 22% 22%
22% 22% 22'.i 22',i
i 11 40 ¦
11 63 11 70 11 52'* 11 02^
i 6 83 C STU 6 SO 6 SO
6 90 6 or. 6 S2U 6 83
6 90 6 91Yz 6 85 6 85
'..-.. f 6 50
6 CO 6 65 6 oZhi 6 65
6 C2U 6 62>s 6 IZYz C i,J
,.
.3.
Flour, barrels.. 9.000
Wheat, bushels 14.C0O
Com. bushels 114,000
Oats, bushels.... $9,000
Rye, bushels../ s.000
Barley, bushels..... 13,000
13.000
32,000
¦368,000
113,000
3,500
1,000
?pen.
High.! Low.
Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May '
ruly ..."."
Corn No." 2—
Vlay
ruly;..
September ..
Oats No. 2—
Kay .............
fune ........... .
ruly ........; ¦.""'
Mess Pork, bbl—
Vlay ....;.........;.¦
ruly .....:....
Lard, 100 lbs— !
May
ruly .-..
September
Short Ribs. 100 lbs—
Hay .......'.
ruiy ;;;
September |
65% 65% 64»4 64 U
66% 66Til 65% 65* 4
37% 37% 36% 36%
33 39 37% 37%
33Vi 33% 3SH 38Vi
22% 22% 22 l i 22V,
22% 22% 22% 22%
22% 22% 22'.i 22',i
i 11 40 ¦
11 63 11 70 11 52'* 11 02^
i 6 83 C STU 6 SO 6 SO
6 90 6 or. 6 S2U 6 83
6 90 6 91Yz 6 85 6 85
'..-.. f 6 50
6 CO 6 65 6 oZhi 6 65
6 C2U 6 62>s 6 IZYz C i,J
,.
.3.
Flour, barrels.. 9.000
Wheat, bushels 14.C0O
Com. bushels 114,000
Oats, bushels.... $9,000
Rye, bushels../ s.000
Barley, bushels..... 13,000
13.000
32,000
¦368,000
113,000
3,500
1,000
¦ .
AUCTION .SALES
£»^ Jfcc& i£ta
AUCTION SALE!
THIS DAY. K
SATURDAY May Hth
At 11 o'clock a. m.. at
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CXV9.
NEW MONTGOMERY AND MISSION.
We Will Sell by Ord«r of the Sanitary Colle-t-
, Inz Co..
35 Draft and Wagon Horses.
20 Double Carts,
i Single Carts.
1 single- wason.
J7 Double Set Harness.
Everything In first-class order and roust be
sold to the hlxhest bidder on account of retir-
ing from business.
"special auction sale
swrrzER-s stock yards, corner
TWELFTH AXD HARRISON STS..
MONDAY. May Hth. at 11 a. m.
We will sell another carload of Horses ari
Mares from the Oregon Ranch. They are from
! 4 to 6 years old. Ju«t the same kind of horse*
i we aold last Monday, and aold on the aajn*
I conditions without reserve or limit,
j Horses will arrive Saturday. May 12th.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
I _-!_• ; Office 327 Sixth street.LOS ANGELES, May 11.— Another hold
up occurred to-night. Ed Harms, an em
ploye of an electric railway in Pasadena,
was relieved of his valuables by the
ubiquitous tall and short men near the
Santa Fe roundhouse,. In the viclnitv of
Mateo street. Harms was knocked down
with a sandbag and when he came to he
was bound hand and foot. The robbers
secured $22 and there Is no clew as to
their identity.
Bobbed by Footpads.
HOT SPRIN'GS. Ark.. May 11.— Tho first
session of the forty-fifth annual conven
tion of the Southern Baptist church con
vened to-day In the dining-room of the
Eastman Hotel. Former Governor Wil
liam J. Northen of Georgia, the president,
called the convention to order and made a.
short address. Every one of the fourteen
States covered by the religious organiza
tion ia well represented.
The Woman s Missionary I'nlon Auxil
iary met to-day. This morning's session
was opened by an address of welcome by
G. Thompson of Arkansas, and responded
to by Mrs. E. B. Sayers of Kentucky. The
president. Mrs. C. A. Stacey of Washing
ton. D. C. delivered her annual address,
followed by the report of the secretary.
Mrs. A. \\ . Armstrong. Next came re
ports of various committees and recom
mendations of the home board.
BAPTISTS IN SESSION.
Churches Opens at Hot Springs.
Annual Convention of Southern
knowledged. If England has erred, she
had erred In being too lenient."
Turning to the question of the condition
of affairs in the South African settlements
and the fate of the republic Mr. Chamber
lain said: ' *
"It is premature to discuss details,: but
I am quit* ready to take tho opinion* of
the country, and. above all, opinions of
those self-governing colonies which have
come so magnificently to our assistance.
While the Government does not wish tu
be vindictive, it is determined that never
again shall the republics be a nursery of
conspiracy, and It will soe that justice Is
done to those who are determined to be
loyal. The Government ia not prepared
to recognize the independence of the Boer
republics (cheers), and we are determined
that the republics shall be finally incor
porated under the British flag. For an In
terval they must be a crown colony, suco
as India is: but we hope they will event
ually become a great self-governing col
ony like Canada and Australia."
"I would not be ashamed to take the
whole responsibility for the war. but if
there were any special responsibility it
rests with those -who misled Mr. Kruper
and who encouraged him to resist de
mands whose moderation had been ac-
"I am deeply touched by this expression
of your sense of the losa which my
has lately sustained."
Proceeding then to discuss public af
fairs, Mr. Chamberlain referred to the
causes of the South African war and said:
BIRMINGHAM, Eng., May 11.— Mr. Jo
seph Chamberlain. Secretary of State for
the Colonies, presided this evening at the
annual meeting of the grand committee
of the Liberal Unionists of Birmingham,
the occasion being his lirst appearance
here since the outbreak of the war. The
meeting was held in the Birmingham
town hall, the approaches to which were
thronged. An immense audience greeted
Mr. Chamberlain, who was accompanied
by his sons. .'•.
Resolutions of sympathy with Mr. and
Mrs. Chamberlain in their recent be
reavement, the death of Mr. William C.
Endicott. was adopted, and In expressing
his thanks Mr. Chamberlain said:
Eventually Become Self-Govern
ing Like, Canada and
Australia.
Colonial Secretary Hopes They Will
South African Republics to
Be Merged Into a Crown
Colony.
CHAMBERLAIN
ON THE FATE
OF THE BOERS
The death rate in collets is extremely low.
The strict attention to the physique is grlven
as the cause. People outside ot colleges, a*
well, may have health and strength. Hostet
ter's Stomach BUtera is recom.nended most
highly for preventing as well as curing bodily
weakness. It is for the blood, the nerves and
all stomach disorders and its cure* at conatl
pation. indigestion, dyspepsia, slupirisn liver
or wpak kidneys are most remarkable.
Few College Students Hie.
It sometimes happens that the grounds
upon which a girl bases her refusal of a
young man's offer of marriage is his lack
of ground.
• BERKELEY, May 11.— The ball given In
Hearst Hall this evening by the gradua
ting class of the University of California
was one of the prettiest In the history of
college social functions. %' -'
Mrs. Hearst, under whose patronage the
ball was gtven, had had Hearst Hall pret
tily decorated for the occasion, the many
varl-colored lights mingled with the col
lege and' class colors making a particu
larly striking effect. This year a new
custom had been introduced in restricting
the invitations to members of the gradu
ating claes only. Consequently it was not
the society "event" of past years, but
more a strictly college affair by students
who have associated with each other for
The ball was a success in every way and
will undoubtedly be restricted to class
members in the future. The committee in
charge consisted of:' . . tr»lliV£.'
Percy Dalman. chairman; R. Hazeltine,
E A Oliver W.Sauer, Mark White, the
M'lsses Lomant. Miss Voorsanger and
Miss Bottomes.
GRADUATING CLASS
BALL IS A SUCCESS
OAKLAND, May 11.— The "gentlemen's
night", of the Reliance Club was enlivened
this evening by three rattling fistic con
tests. In the ¦ nrst po Tom Watson of the
South End Rowing ., Club knocked out
Mike Joyce ' of San Francisco In the sev
entn' round. It was afterward discov
ered that Joyce had broken his right
thumb. ;
The second match, between Joe Sullivan
and Charles Trost. both of San Francisco,
was stopped by; Referee James Fox in the
first round ' and the- decision ' awarded to
Sullivan/ ¦ .Trost" received ¦] a . right swing
flush on the point of the Jaw at the,out
set and after that was simply a chopplng
biock'for his clever antagonist.. _
Ine last: bout, r between "Kid" Martin
of , Los /Angeles « and "Jack"r Sullivan of
San Francisco, , was a one-sided affair and
distinguished .'. principally, by * Sullivan's
gameness r In standing:- punishment."; Sulli
van was barely able to stand In the fourth
round <ns the result of - several •> vicious
blows In the region of the heart, and-Ref
eree John Kitchen stopped the contest and
declared Martin the winner. p-'
CLEVER BOXING BOUTS .
AT THE RELIANCE CLUB
CLARINDA. Iowa. May 11.— Congress- >
man Hepburn.. who is at home in this city,
says the NIcaraguan canal bill is certain
to pass the Senate and will meet the ap
proval of President McKinley.
Says Canal Bill Will Pass.
LONDON, May/ 11.— The publication of
the will of the late John Ruskln shows
that his personal estate. was only £10,000.
all that was left of his father's bequest of
£200,000. '" ¦ - •
Ruskin's Small Estate.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— President and
Mrs. McKinley gave a dinner to-night at
the White House in honor of Governor and
Mrs. Roosevelt. The guests invited to
meet them Included all the Cabinet offi
cers and their ladles.
Dinner at the White House.'
PORTLAND, Or., May 11.— A dispatch
from Granite, a mining town In Baker
County, says H. H. Baker, alias A. J.
Wright wanted in Indiana on charges of
embezzlement and forgery, was | arrested
to-day at Lawton, three miles from here,
by Detective George Harris. of Chicago.
Baker Arrested.
PORTSMOUTH, Ohio, May 11.— Rabbit
McGee this afternoon pleaded guilty, to
manslaughter and was sentenced ¦ to
twenty years 'n the penitentiary for kill
ing George Hackworth, Postmaster at
Mount Joy November 8. McGee found
Hackworth In company with Jane Mlnner,
and in a fit of Jealousy stabbed him with
a butcher knife. McGee served a short
time in the penitentiary ten years ago for
killing William Jordan.
McGee Sentenced.
SACRAMENTO. May 11.— About two
weekB ago Engineers Nurse and Randle
of the Public Works Department' were
detailed to make, a survey of the Folsom
prison grounds with a view of determin
ing an efficient and economical sewerage
system for the institution and also of
making an estimate of cost for the same.
The report has been filed and fixes the
estimate of costs for the plant at $12,000.
This Is intended to leave the engineers
a broad margin, and Secretary Kevane
of the State Board of Examiners Is cer
tain that the cost of construction would
not exceed $10,000. '
About six' weeks ago the State Board of
Prison Directors submitted plans to the
State Board of Examiners, the estimated
cost of the work being fixed at nearly
$15 000 These were rejected by the board
and the survey was ordered.
lic Works Department.
Flans Prepared by Engineers of Pub-
FOLSOM SEWER SYSTEM.
PARTITION OF MERRITT
ESTATE INVESTIGATED
OAKLAND. May II.— The testimony of
fered to-day in the Merritt case, on trial
before Judgt? Ellsworth, was in regard to
the transaction connected with the trans
fer of the property from the Knowles
trurt to the heirs. O. C. Miller was the
rjrincira.1 witness. He stated that the
Purir.gton h«*irs had agreed to compro
mire thekr interests with James P. and
Frederick A. Merritt, because they had
no desire to see the nephews excluded
from the property left by their late uncle,
Dr. Samuel Merritt.
A deposition of Captain Hackett, taken
before he went Eatt, covered the same
ground.
FIRST WOMAN FELLOW
OF THE UNIVERSITY
BERKELEY. May lL-MIss Alice Rob
ertson, B. S. '9S, and M. S. '£9, and Knight
Dunlap. Ph. B. "29. were to-day elected to
the Le Conte Memorial Fellowships of the
Cctvendty of California. This is the first
time a woman has received one of these
honors. Both Fellows are candidates for
the degr*^ of doctor of philosophy.
The board of trustees of the fellowships
consists of Professor Joseph Le Conte,
Dr. A. A. d'Ancona, Professor W. E. Rit
ter. Professor G. M. Stratton and Herbert
pam.
Funeral of James T. Rowe.
ALAMEDA, May 11.— The funeral of
James T. Howe, who met a tragic death In
8an Francisco on Tuesday, was held, to
day at lu o'clock from the First Methodist
<"hurch. The church was crowded with
friends of the deceased. Rev. Dr. John
Coyle preached the funeral sermon. Miss
Marion Coyie and Mrs. John Frisbie ren
dered several hymns. The nallbearers
vre: WiJiiam Johns. L. W. McGlauflin
Alfred Hay. W. H. Pollard. E. K. Taylor.'
I. N. Chapman. The interment was tn
Mountain View Cemetery.
Thief at Reliance Club.
OAKLAND. May 11.— A eneak thief
broke into the desk this afternoon of
George Gross, superintendent of the Re-
J5rt:c«» Club, end stole $47 50.
Charles Lawler. a pugilist and former
f7>.irrir.jr partner of Corbett, was arrested
the Market-street ferry landing, San
Franclcco, this evening on suspicion of
l>Hr»g cor.n*-ct«-d with the theft. He was
In the superintendent's office shortly be
fore the money was missed. Lawler was
taken to the Oakland City Prison.
CANAL COMMISSIONERS
BEFORE THE SENATE
Hearing Shows That Both Routes
Are Feasible as Engineering
Projects.
WASHINGTON, May ll.-The entire
membership of the Interoceanic Canal
Commission appeared to-day before the
Senate committee in charge of the Hep
burn bill.
All the members of the commission were
given an opportunity to express their
views and were questioned at considerable
length by Senators.
Their hearing showed that both routes
were feasible as engineering projects.
BAKERSFIELD IN DARKNESS.
Power Company's Flume Injured by
Falling Rocks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAKERSFIELD, May ll.-Kern County
and Bakersfleld were visited last night by
the heaviest downpour in y.ears. The pre
cipitation amounted to 1.08 inches. Con
siderable hay is reported damaged. Crops
in the mountains and foothills will be
benefited.* The clouds still hang heavy.
Three hundred feet of the power devel
opment company's flume In Kern River
Canyon was knocked out by falling boul
ders loosened by the rain. Bakersfleld 13
in darkness to-night and will be so till
Monday. = • :- "¦ ¦ '¦ p_
POLICE FIRE AT STRIKERS.
Frequent Riots Occur on the Streets
of St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, May 11.— The aspect of af
fairs in the great street railway strike to
day showed a complete reversal of the
conditions prevailing yesterday. The day
'opened quietly, but as the hours sped by
reports began to come in of renewed riot
ing in parts of the city. In one instance
the police tired Into a crowd, and In others
used their clubs on those who attempted
to interfere with the' running of cars
While, rumors of casualties were rampant
during the day, uj» to 9:30 p. m none
of a serious nature had been corrobor
ated.
Earthquake at Orange.
ORANGE. May 11.— A slight shock of
earthquake was felt here about 2:07 this
morning. *
Soldier's Widow Insane.
OAKLAND, May 11.— Mr*. Rebecca C.
Olr-«nn. aped sfv«-nty-slx. was brought to
th<> Receiving: Hospital to-day from the
residence of Councilman Lcmmon and
charged with insanity. Her examination
will be conducted to-morrow by Drs.
Knox and Shuey. The old lady ia tbe
widow of a Grand Army veteran and
draws a monthly pension of 112. Her
mind has been gradually falling for sev
eral months.
SANDON WAS BURNED
TO CONCEAL A CRIME
Body of a Murdered Man Found in
the Building in Which the
.vi Fire Started.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 11.— As the re
sult of investigations made by the friends
of Miles Rombough, the gambler who^e
body was found in the ruins of the burned
mining town of Bandon a week ago it has
developed that the flre which wiped out
the little town between the mountains
was of Incendiary origin, and the man
who fired the first building was the mur
dcrer of the gambler. Rombough's body,
although charred, showed plainly that It
had been decapitated, and the badly
burned head was lying near by. He had
a large sum of money on his person, hav
ing on the afternoon of the fire drawn $300
from the bank, and not a vestige of this
was found after Use fire.
Rombough, who was a. professional gam
bler, went to Sandon from Kaslo, a near
by mining town, on the clay prior to the
rire. He showed his money freely, al
though advteed to keep it out of sight
owing to the prevalence of tough char
acters". He put up at the. Clifton House
and was not seen by any one after going
to his room until his body was found In
the ruins. He was not missed owing to
the excitement consequent on the fire. It
is plainly evident that he was murdered
by some unknown person or persons and
robbed and the hotel set on flre to hide
the crime. No other satisfactory expla
nation has been offered as to the origin
of the fire which destroyed the town and
rendered so many homeless.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Pension Bureau Brings Joy to Several
Western Residents. L
Specicl Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 11.— Pensions for
Californians: Original— Stephen Ruff. Ala
meda. $S; James M. True, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles. $&; Lyman L. Nattinger, San
Jose. $8; Ira Van Hampson, Soldiers'
Home. Los Angeles. $S; William A. Wil
son. Sacramento. $10; Martin L. Meeks,
Willlts. $S. Increase — William M. Duggln,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. J1D; Thomas
L. Marshall. Sisson. J10.
Washington: Original— William W. Mar
shall. Skambkawa, $6; Allen W. Tiffany.
Ferndale. $10: David L. Peck North Va
kima. $6. Increase — James R. Warner,
Bingen, $12.
Oregon: Original— Robert McElhlney,
Albany. 56.
A rural free delivery will be established
on June 4 at Folsom, Sacramento County;
J. Corte, carrier.
RAILWAY POOL FAILED.
Futile Agreement to Overcharge the
Government. ¦. / -:
CHICAGO, May 11.— At a meeting of the
Western Passenger Association to-day it
was demonstrated that the pooling plan
entered Into for the purpose of compelling
the Government to pay excessive rates
for tbe transportation of troops had ut
terly failed in its general purpose and had
been taken advantage of by certain lines
to reap a nice harvest for themselves.
The fact waa brought out that some of
the roads had Ignored the pooling agree
ment and had secretly offered the Govern
ment low rates and had received their
business according to contract. Despite
these revelations a proposition was made
that a new pooling agreement be entered
Into, but after working for several hours
the committee announced that it was un
able to agree. As a result each road will
offer its own bid to the Government.
Democratic Delegates.
MODESTO. May 11.— The Democratic
County Central Committee selected the
following delegates to the State conven
tion at Sacramento to-day:. K. E. Murtha,
J. I. Jones, It. F. Covert, J. H. Maddrill.
G. H. Crow. L. W. Fulkerth, L. J. Mad
dux and E. L. Barkis.
»
College of Journalism
COLUMBUS, Ohio. May 11.— The College
of Journalism was Incorporated to-day by
Murat Halstead, George H. Davidson. A.
E. Brown, G. 'F. OsUt and C. C. Archer.
The capital stock is $23,000. and Cincinnati
designated ais Us place of business.
To Hold Another Field Day.
A LAM EDA. May 11.— Committees repre
senting the clasaos of the high school
have arranged for another field day which
will b* htld on June 1 at the Boulevard
Br>p**i Track. The seniors will compete
against the middler? aj]d juniors. The con
tr*\* will comprise the following events:
}<«• yard daph. 220 yard dash. 440 yard dash.
£bO yard da*h. one mile run. one mile
walk, high jump, broad jump, shot-put
find hammrr-thrnw
Funeral of L. J. Hardy Sr.
OAKLAND. May 11.— The funeral of the
late Lowell .1. Hardy Sr. was held to-day
from the family residence. 616 East
Twenty-fourth street. Rev. A. T. Need
ham officiated. The pallbearer* were J.
Glllera. H. M. Cameron. C O. Hardy and
15.; W. nurley. A quartet composed of
(ieonje H. Carlrton. Alfred Wilkle. Ben
Clark and A. C. Kr-ad rendered the music.
Railroad Evades Tax
OAKLAND. Mr.y 11.— The Southern Pa-
cine Company has refused to pay taxes
this year on th*> S«»venth-Ktreet railroad
assessment. This is in line with Its ac
tion ever since the property was assessed
by Assessor Dalton. Suits axe now pend
ing In the Superior Court to test the valid
ity of the assessment. i
Probate of Pitcher's Will.
OAKLAND. May 11.— Judge Ogden
made an order to-day admitting the will
of H..H. Pitcher, the deceased Livermore
banker, to probate, and Issuing letters
testamentary to the widow, Mrs. Annie
F. Pitcher.
1 The ir.strument is dated February 3, 1S39.
It acknowledges a.11 the property stand:ng
In the r.tme of the deceased to be commu
nity property and provides that the estate
shall 1-e distributed to his heirs In the
shares that would accrue to them accord
ing to the State laws the same as if the
deceased had died intestate. In the peti
tion it is asserted that the only heirs and
consequently the only devisees are the
uidow and two sons. The estate consists
of realty, money in bank, stocks, bonds
and securities, amounting in the aggre
gate to more than $100,000.
Captain Mein is believed to have been
worth $1,000,000 at his death.
OAKLAND. May 11.— The will of
Thomas Mein, who died on the 4th Inst.,
•was filed for probate to-day by his two
sons. 'William Wallace Mein and Robert
ISeozo Mein. who are named in the instru
ment at executors. Mrs. Mary Mein, who
»as named as executrix to act wnn ner
sons, tiled a renunciation of her rights.
MEIN'S ESTATE LEFT
TO WIDOW AND SONS
Academic Athletic League Officials
Send Greeting to University Men
on Princeton Field.
The board of . managers of the Aca
demic Athletic League sent words of cheer
last night to the young athletes represent
ing the University of California on East
ern cinder paths and fields. The telegram
was intended to show the kindly feeling
here in their efforts to win honors for
this State.
All the championships of the league
have been decided for this season except
that for lawn tennis. «A committee con
sisting of Stephen Asblll, Lowell High
School: Charles Harris, Oakland, and F.
M. Cattell. was appointed to arrange for
a tournament to be held before the end
of this month.
WORDS OF CHEER FOR
CALIFORNIA'S ATHLETES
The students of the French department
will present the French comedy entitled
"La Perle de la Canneblere" in the assem
bly hall next Tuesday evening.
H. W. Rose of Chicago, International
College secretary of the Young Men's
Christian Association, will deliver the
sermon In the university chapel next Sun
day. « k
The Enclna Club men gave a reception
and dance to the women of the university
to-night.
It was to-day announced that college
exercise will close Thursday. May 24. at
6 p. m. Commencement exercises will con
tinue till Wednesday. May 30.
Next Monday will be a university holi
day In commemoration of the laying of
the cornerstone of the university. Ap
propriate exercises will be held in the
evening.
The faculty baseball team defeated the
Sigma Nu fraternity team yesterday by a
score of 9 to 1.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
3 TAN FORD UNIVERSITY, May 11.—
Lincoln Hutchlnson, U. C. 'S3, who
has been an assistant in economics
at Stanford during the past year,
has been made an instructor and will give
four new courses next year dealing with
economic history and the evolution or
STAKTORD
HAPPENINGS
MANILA, May 11.— Senator Buenocami
no, at one time a member of the so-called
Filipino Republic Cabinet, who was re
cently liberated by General Otis, an
nounces that he has become reconciled to
American sovereignty and that he will de
vote his Influence to bring about peace.
He has sent a proposed peace platform for
the national Filipino party to the insur
gent leaders in Manila and to the insur
gent generals, including Aguinaldo in the
Held.
He contends that American control Is
necessary to prevent civil strife. He rec
ommends to the national Filipino party
the adoption of a programme embodying
the following features:
First— Recognition of the sovereignty of
the United States, cessation of hostilities
and co-operation of the Filipinos in tho
prosecution of "bandits who continue
depredations in the name of inde
pendence."
Second — A request for a declaration by
the United States Government guarantee
ing to the Filipinos personal liberties and
rights under a constitution.
Third— A Filipino representative delega
tion to present to the American Congress
and public the desire of the Filipinos re
specting political status. ¦
Fourth — The application of a part of
the public funds to the maintenance of
hospitals for sick and wounded Filipino
sodliers and for the establishment of
schools.
Fifth— The transfer of the insurgent
funds to the American treasury.
Sixth— The establishment of a perma
nent system of Filipino representatives to
the Civil Commission.
Seventh— The exclusion of friars from
the administration of the parishes.
Aguinaldo.
Sends a Draft of a Peace Plat
form to Rebel Leaders and.
Generals, Including
HOPES TO BRING
ABOUT PEACE IN
THE PHILIPPINES
Senator Buenocamino Rec
onciled to American
Government.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 11.
Mrs. Sarah A. Melvin, widow of the late
Dr. S. H. Melvin, died this morning at
her residence, 279 East Twelfth street, af
ter an illness of several months.
Mrs. Melvin was born in Cadiz, Ohio,
March 20, Ih34. She was the daughter of
Samuel Slemmons, a wealthy manufactur
er and farmer of that State, her mother
being a member of the distinguished Os
bourne family o£--Pennsylvanla and a de
scendant of Robert Fulton. She was edu
cated at the Beatty Institute in Steuben
ville, Ohio, at that time the most cele
braed institution of learning in that State.
On August 9, 1S53, she was married to
Dr. S. H. Melvin. at that time engaged in
the drug business in Steubenville. In 1S5S>
j the family moved to Springfield, 111.,
where they were near neighbors and in
timate friends of Abraham Lincoln and
hia family. In 1S75 the family moved to
St. Helena, Napa County, Cal., and in
1S7S came to ilast Oakland, where the
family have since resided.
Mrs. Melvin was a member of the First
Congregational Church during the pas
torate of Rev. J. K. McLean. Afterward
she became identified with the lilgrim
Congregational Church in East Oakland,
in both of which organizations she and
her late husband were earnest workers.
In her last Illness she was attended by
her only daughter, Mrs. Dewing; hersons;
her sister, Mrs. C. I). Harvey, wife of
Judge Harvey of l.oornis, CaJ.: her
brother, S, Alex Slemmons, and by Mary
Mara, who has been her faithful friend
and companion for nearly forty-four
years.
The surviving children are: Mrs. A. A.
Dewing, James R. Melvin. Charles S. Mel
vin and Henry' A. Melvin.
The funeral will be from her late resi- ;
dence, 279 East Twelfth street, on Sunday
at 2:30 o'clock p. m.
The Funeral Will Be Held on Sunday
Afternoon From the Family
Residence in East
Surrounded by Children and
Relatives She Passes
! Quietly Away.
DEATH OF THE
WIDOW OF DR,
SAMUEL MELVIH
"Yes; she frequently threatened to
leave. Or.e day I returned to my home
at Niles and found that she had gone,
taking along many of her personal ef
fects She returned afterward to secure
something she had forgotten."
Mrs. Catherine Overacker. mother of
the plaintiff, was the only other witness.
H<t story was practically the same as
that told by her son. The defendant waa
granted permission to resume her maiden
name, as requested In her answer.
The divorcee is a sister of Katherine
Cltmmons, the actress, who is married
to Howard Gould. Mrs. Overacker left
her husband to engage In missionary
work in San Francisco's Chinatown, af
ter embracing the Catholic faith, and has
announced her intention of devoting the
remainder of her life among the lepers in
Hawaii.
"Well. I might have given her some
cause, but she had all the nessaries of
life and a good home provided for her.
1 have always opposed her leaving."
"Did she say she was going to leave
you?"
Overacker testified that his wife left
him two years ago on account of many
slight differences. He endeavored several
times to get her to return, but always
met with a refusal.
"Did you give her any cause to leave
you?" asked Attorney Reed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
118 Broadvrny, May 1L
Kllen May Clemmons overacker, sis.ter
in-law to Howard Gould, has been released
from her matrimonial obligations. Her
husband, Charles B. Overacker. was
granted a divorce to-day on the ground of
willful desertion, as prayed for in hi*
complaint.
There was no contest and Mrs. Over
acker was not present in court.
There Is No Contest and the De
fendant Is Permitted to Resume
Her Maiden Name of
Clemnions.
HOWARD GOULD'S
SISTER-IN-LAW
A FREE WOMAN
Judge Hall Has Granted a
Divorce to Charles B.
Overacker.
"Education Is needed to help a demo
cratic people. The education purposes in
a monarchy are limited, not broadened.
It has been said the history of Iowa is the
history of its State University, and so will
the history of California be the history
of its State University and of other uni
versities
"Without disrespect to England or the
University of Oxford. I say. taking the
University of Berlin as a criterion in the
dissemination of truth, that the bulk of
active work' has been done by men who
have come from the outside. Instead of
having been in the van of freedom, Ox
ford has been living in a reactionary
epirit."
"We call university work higher educa
tion to distinguish it from general culture.
This higher education should be distin
guished from knowledge that nothing can
be done with. We should not study just
for the sake of knowing a subject. It is
the duty of a university to take hold of
the latent talent of a country and make
it effective. Democracies ¦will make a dif
ferent use of this talent than will mon
archies..
BERKKLEY, May 11.— David Starr Jor
dan, president of Stanford University, ad
dressed the members ot the California
Union and the Graduate Club In Hearst
Hall this morning.. He took for his sub
ject, "The Freedom of the University."
He showed that | the educational system
as it formerly existed at the University of
Oxford, England, was inconsistent with
the best methods employed to-day. In
part he said:
Graduating Class Ball Is Held in
Hearst Hall and Is a Very
Pretty and Successful
Affair.
Stanford's President Ad
dresses the Students of
Berkeley.
JORDAHTALKS
OFFREEDOMOF
THE UNIVERSITY
In thp fane is-sue of the Pacific Chris
tion, editorial comment is passed as fol
lows up^n the action of the Fir«t Chris
tian Church in modifying the report of
the investigating committee:
If the jury is not objected tt> before the trial
t*-*1ns there oujrht to \>e no objection urged
efter the decificn is rendered, snd unless a
recular way is cpen for an appeal, all con
<trnt-1 ought tf> let the rr.atirr rest. Hut if any
ir.e th.r.ks tSsat gross injustice has bwn done
or that t»;« tribunal was comr-o^ed partly of
¦rfedUy of unfit or dishonest men, he should
proceed in an orderly numner to organize a
Her Jury and F«-cure h new trial.
' Brother Frr.ith tendered his resignation as
finar.oiaJ *-eereiary ot the board, -which was ac-
Cf-i'teil wit'i tht follow ing resolution:
lit it resolved. That liuy W. Smith* resig
nation frtrn the of nee cf financial secretary
or the state Board or Christian Churches ot
f*Iiforni* be aoremed. for lh<? reason that he
ha* v« luntarily reyueeted that FUeh resignation
te a<~< t-t;t<?d an.1 for the further reason that
Willie no evidence has been introduced showing
*a*d .Guy W. Smith to l»e rullty of any etwvinc
art of immorality, we rind from the evidence
that nr^ther Smith has been ruilty of conduct
unbecoming a. minister and cf such acts of
tr^serre^ion a? Justify his resignation.
The State Board of Directors of the
Christian churches of California, which
accepted the resignation of Rev. Guy
(smith as financial (secretary as the result
vt tht- investigation of his conduct while
pastor of the'-Kirnt Christian Church of
lh-> city, has had published in the Pa
cific Christian the ofiicial report of its
action in that connection. r •-. ¦¦
The 'current issue of the publication,
¦which Is the official organ of the Chris
tian church organization in California,
contains the following: .V.v .
Oakland Ofiiie San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 11.
the Minister.
Disappioval of Acts of
Executive Body of Christian Churches
of California Expresses Its Strong
State Board's Report on His
Resignation as Its
Secretary.
HEM! SMITH. ¦¦
IS CENSURED IN
OFFICIAL ORGAN
FIRST LADY ADVANCE ¦
AGENT IN THE LAND
OAKLAND, May 11. -• Miss May
Eleanor Gates, a University of Cal
ifornia co-ed, has found the newest
field of activity for modern woman
kind. She has, after receiving favorable
commendation from President Benjamin
Ide Wheeler,' decided to. enter the field
of theatricals from the business side of
the profession. The stage itiself had no
attractions for Hhe talented young
woman, but when she received a flattering
offer to become the first woman advance
agent for a theatrical troupe. Miss Gates
consulted with her friends and then ac
cepted.
On Sunday, therefore, she will start
ahead of the "Brownies," which will" -be
sent for a Southern California tour by
Manager S. H. Friedlander of the Cali
fornia Theater. Miss Gates has had four
years of experience in newspaper work,
combining journalism with her university
studies. Her freshman year was spent at
Stanford University. Since then she was
selected as one of the eight young women
who were awarded Mrs. Phebe Hearst
scholarships for the University of Cali
fornia. Miss Gates is a member of the
class of '02.
Hor tour will cover three months, and
all of the varied duties of an advance
agent are included under the contract the
young collegian has signed. She will nat
urally devote much of her work to the
press. Miss Gates' home is in Oakland.
Kor many months she has been society
editor for the Oakland department of the
San Francisco Call. Before that time she
had been employed on general and special
newspaper work.
She leaves with the distinction of being
the first woman in the United States to
take up the special line of work which
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, ; MAT 12. liiuu.
11
MISS MAY ELEANOR GATES.
Photo by VAUGHAN & KEITH.
she has undertaken. Miss Gates declares
she would not have made the venture
without the approval of President Wheeler
and her patroness, Mrs. Hearst.
%
•R. A TT.Ttn A Tl TB»AVEI».
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. CO.
T .TTI*S;g^ m: hi
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry. Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 1:30. 8:00. 11:09 a. m. ; U:«.
I JO. 5:10. 6:30 p. or. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:M
and 11:30 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 1:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30, 3:30.
5:C0. «^0 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 8:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 13:4S.
8:40, 5:1J p. rn. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:65 and «:S5 o. m.
BUNDAY8-8.10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 1:40.
6:05. 8:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbnetxea Park
hum schedule a» above.
L*«t« I In EtTect. I ArrlTe
Ban Francisco. [Apr. U, 1300.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J I 8un- I Weak
Days. I days. I Destination.] days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:C0*m Novatcx 10:40 am! 8:40 am
t:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:0S pm[10:SS to
8:13 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. T:35 pm| <:80 pro
Fulton.
T:30 am Windsor. 10:2S ia
Healdiburs;.
Lytton.
flsj — i iltTs)
S:SO pm ?:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm t:M pm
T:t0am| I Hopland I |10:S5 am
3:33 pml 8:00 amf and Uklah. I 7:35 pmj 1:20 pm
T:M am 10:15 am
S :00 am Guernerllle. 7:J5 pm
1:90 pm C:» pm
7:3;>ain 8:00 atn Sonoma 9:13 am S:40am
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm «:»> pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am| . 110:40 am!lO:23 am
S:30 pml t:00 pmi Eebastcpol. | 7:35 pml (:20 pm
Staves connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruna: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyservilie for Skaxcs Sprites: at Clorerdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Sprtn*». Kelseyvtlle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakepcrt and Bartlett
Eprinirs; at Cklah for Vichy Sprtnsra. Saratoss
SprinifS. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Bprinrs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rlrerslde. LlTlcy's. BucknetTs.
Sanhedrin Helshts. HullvlIIe. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoclno City. Tort BracT. 'West-
port Usftl. Willlts, LaytonTille. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. BcotU
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sund.iy round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ofnc**. (SO Market St.. Chrontel* bide.
H. C. WHITING. • . B. X. RYAN.
General ManajeT. Gen. Pasa. ArenC
•
QlFORNIfl jjMiTED
Santa Fe Route
To CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Connectiwo Train Leaves Saw F* anciscoi
I PJ1. .Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
5alurdav. arriving in Chicago at 2:15
PJ1 io time to connect with all United
trahu tor New York.
OVERLAND Learn Saa Francisco at 5:30
FVpopS^ P- m - with Palace and Tourist
fUilv o*™ f or Kansas City, St. Loms,
: OA1LY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VAILFY
; Fresno, Hanford, Vuialia, Tnlare on An
and Baker>fiel(i. KUAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
•fDISrft «iftft!V Market Street, Phone Main
IKIOV.U SUUiV 153l . Oakland, U1S Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Saata Clara Street.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(iLTtHEAGSKNT. £stabnsbed
In I "»."»• tor tbe treatment of frt vat»
Diaens**, L«l MantMMxl. Doblllty or
cikeaaew-earinsoii bndyand mind and
Hkfn Dlspoa.-a. Thedoctorcur^wacii
otnersfall. Try him. Char?;** low
«iire«s;n»ri.nl*>#- 1. CaJlorwrlta,
Or. J. *'. «- IB1IU.\, Box l»S7.8aa Fraadaca *.
BATLBOAS TEAVEL.
MOltTIIKRN P*IIII( CO9IPANY.
(PACiriC ST.tTKM.)
Train. 1«»» «...! «r^ .I..* «• »rrl«. •¦
WAN I'lUM'lit'll. !
., (Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
i.kati — From Mat I, 1900. — . arrive
•7:O»* Benlcia, Suiiun. Elmlra. Vacatllle.
Rumsey an.l siacrameuto *7>-13p
•7:l)»» Bisasta Express— DaTis. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Uetl
Bluff, Portland. *7i48p
•7:30* Martinez, San Uaruon. Vallejo. Napa,
Calistuga ami Haiita Itow *9ilSp
•S:8*A The Orerland Un>ite<l-Ogdea. Den-
»er. Umaha. Chicago a 3i23r
•»!»»« «»u Jose. Llxrrmore, Mtocktoii.
Ion*. Hacrami-nto. Placrrrllle,
M*rysf!Iltr. Chleo, ICeilliliilT Msl.ir
*»t>Oa •Mlltim. (Mkdalr, Chinese (for Yo-
semlte), Konora. Carters. ..".. Mslftp
•0:OO« Baf wards. Mlrs aiul Way Station*. *l 1 :45»
•»:«•» Daris. Woodlaod. Knlgbts Laodiug,
¦ Marrstllle, On<fi:i>- *?l-«Sp
•OiOOa Atlantic Kipress-Ogdeu and East •tt:45*
•»:wOa. Los Angeles Express — Martinet.
Tracy, lAthrop. Htocktoo, Mcrcea
ami Fresno..... ••:45p
• I « :O»a Vall.j... Martinez ami Way Stations '•t4»P
•ll:OOi KUem, Literniore, Utockton, M»cra-
mrutu. Mendota. Uanfurd. VI.»1U.
rorterfilla •¦lil.ir
•I2:OOm Haywards. Nilesaitd Way SUtions. a S>4Sr
. fl:«OP SaCTiuiicuto Kif«r Steamers f9:«M»r
•3:O0)p llafirards, Nilrs aud Way Stations. *3:4Sp
•4t*ur Marthiex. Hail Uautnu. Vallsjo.
N»i«. «UIifit..ga. Hanta Itusa •S)il<W
•4i«Or lleiiiciii. Vacatllle. Maer»u>«nU>.
WoiHilaud. Knlvbts landing.
MarysTillv, Orofllls •l«:«l)a
MiBOr Nile*. Mac Jusoand Btncktoo *7:l3r
•.1:OOrTbe Owl Limited-Tracy, Fresno.'
B*kersneltl. .Saugus for Mauta Bar-
bara. Los Angeles '9:I3«
•3i*«p Fresno I'asaeoger— Martiii'-m, Lath-
rop. Mi-rcr.l. BereDda (Kaymood
for Yosemite). Krrxno *IS:ISr
*S:1«p New )rleaor £ipress-llakersn a ld,'
Haiita l!.irli»r«. Km .Vtiiiilog. Dem-
log, El Paso, New Orleaus and
East •Si43a
•S:SS)pAaiita K« ItanU— Atlaiillo Eipreu
for tlujaio ami Kait "«:«Sr
*«:OOp Harwanls, Niit-« and Mau Joss «7: 1 "k «
10:30p Vallrj m i2:tar
•n:3»rOrienUl Mail-Ogtlen. Cheyenne.
Umaha, Cbiongo *v:43a
•»:3Or Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denver.
Oraatia. Chicago. '......... *4il3p
. t7:«0r Vallrjo, I*ort Costa and Way SU-
tlons ]ti33p
•NiOSp Oregon and California Kiprsss.Mas-
mKiontu. Marxsrllle. I.V.i.lli.^,
T.Mtlitrt.1. I'liKot Mom..! ami K««t »»l!5^
COAST 1H VIMON (.Xarron «;»u«e).
(Foot uf Market Street.)
1?:43a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and 1'rincipal Way Stations t*<:03p
•8:13a Newark, C«nttr»llle.Han.lo«e,Felton.
. - BoiiltlerCrrek.ttaiita, Cruz and Way
HUUons. ...; •«:2Or
.IStilSp Newark C*nterTill». 8a» .lose. New
Almailnu, Krlton. Itixililor Creek.
SanU Crut and Principal Way 1
SUUoms t ¦ »:.-!».
Mtl.Tp Newark. San .Irvse. Losftatos/. *!«:»«a
q4;13p GlenwtxHl. Kfltnn. Banta Cruz cHiAua
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSiR fHlIClSCO— fnl of Itrktl Str*->i (Sin 3) —
*7:15 ' BOO 11:00a.m. 11:03 ?2:03 |3:C3
•1:03 tS:03 '8:03 •-.>•.
rriSjOIILUB— r»t( *rgr •><«•?.— *«:00 8.00 10:00*. m.
'tl2:Q0 »l:00 t2:Q3 *3:03 HX3 'i.Zir.H.
COAST I»IVISIO.\ (Kroail Mange).
('1'h.inl mid Tonrnscml Ht%)
48:10a Ocean View, Hoiith Wan FraucUon.. i6:3«p
t7:OOA&au .I.irs k...1 Way HUliuiM (New
AIniH.len Weclii«i«UTS only) *ltS«?
I7:3Oa Sunday Excursion for Saa Jose,
s»nw Cruz, Faclfle Grove and
Principal Way SUtions t*:33p
*V:OOa Han Juae, Trea t*iuns. Hauta Crtu.
I'aeilie Urnve. I'aso ItoltUs. San
l.ni. OltUpo. .Surf. Lontpoc ami
Vrli>el|.al War Stations «4:IOp
*III:I»a San Jt>s« and Way »tatlmis *S:»3a
•IliliUA ManJime.LosGatosanilWajrHUUons •StSvp
tVMSrKan Jlatro, Kf.lw.o.1. Menlo Park.
> Palo Alto. 8aut» Clara. Han J.*e.
Tres Finos. MauU ¦ Crux. SaUuas.
Monterey ami I'aeilie (Jrove...... tl«:3tt*
fn:ni»r San Jose and Way Ktatlnns *7i3»r
M:l5r San Jo.e ami Principal Way Stations *9:«3t
t3:»Op.s»i) Jose, Los Gatoi and Prindpal
Way SUtioDs »!»:«!»»
•3i»Or HiMtJi«eaiuI Principal Way Mtatkms t*>:^^A
•tt:aor SauJoaeauU Way Statlims |H:«)O«
Hl:43p Ssit Jose anil Way SUtions »7:3O»
A for Morning P f or Afternoon.
•Daily. t.Sii..«Uy*ie*t.ted. J Sunday oDly
6 Saturday otily.
a Saturday aoa Sunday . e Sunday and Monday.
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SBORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis
to
New York and New Fngland Points.
Finest thjough train service, with polite and
courteous employes. 8top-o(I allowed at tb*
I Falls. ROSS C, CUNE. P. C. P. Aft..
Los Angeles. Cat.
. C B. CRANE, O. . P. ' Agt..
St. LouU, Mo.
M ILL VALLEY- AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
: SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing . Sunday,
, April 22. 1900. via- Bausallto Ferry. Week
days — Leave San Francisco, 9:30 - a. m.. 1:45
"p. ra.' Sundays— Leave ean Francisco. 8 a. ra..
9 a.. m.. 10 a. \ m., U a. m.,' 1:30 p. m., i:30
p. •¦ in. - Tickets can be purchase at : the Sau-
salito Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot.
•'- foot * of ¦: Market ' if, San- Francisco. Fare,
rouifl trip from San Francisco, |l 40.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
,. . . .Via Sausallto ferry.
Commrnclns; April 22. 1W0.
FKOM BAN FnANCISCO TO MILL VJILLET
¦ AND SAN RAFAEL. - ,,
WEEK DAYS— 7:00, *S:30, »:30. 11:00 a. tn.;
12:45, *l:i5, 8:15. 4:15, *5:15. 8:15. 6:40 p.:m. ,
EXTRA TKIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays,-;- Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
6UNDAYB-7:00. •8:00. '•9:00. «10:0O. 11:00. 11:38
a. ;m.: 12:45. »l:30. 2:30, •*:«. 5:00, 6:00,.. 7:20
11:04 a.m. does not run to San Rafael' Sun-
days ' ¦ ¦*
Trains marked (•) run to Ban Qur,ttin.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO.
WEEK- DAY8-6:3S.. •«-:»©. 7:50. i:40, s »10:15 a.
in.; 12:30,. 1:18. 2:15. . '3:50. 4:30. 6:30 p. m." ' .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday" • at; ••MS- and -10:20 a m.
SUNDAYS-* :15>S:00. »9:S0, •lljOOa. ra.; «12:00
m. : 1:00.. 2:15. '3:30. -4:30. 'SMS. 8:45, 7:30.a0:2«
P Trains rnarked (•) etart from 'San Quentln.! ,
FKOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:53. «:45, 8:00. 8:55, 10:i0 a.
m.; 12:t5. ; - 1:45.' 2:45. •J:30." 4:50, • 5:20 p.- m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, .Wednesdays
and Saturdays -at 7:10 and 10:20 -p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. S:05.' 10:06. 11:10 a. m.; U:1S.
1-20 rtXQ. 3:45.' 4:55.i«:15. 7:05, 10:30; p. m.
l.zg.z.*. THROUGHTRAINa
7:00 a, m. week days— fazadero and way sta-
- 8:15 p. m.. Saturdays— Casadero aad way sta-
%"'i p. m ¦-, weekdays ¦ {Saturdays excepted)—
Polnt'Reyes and way stations. ¦>¦.:- ; .
- ; 1 :00 , a. m. " Sundays— Cazadero ,. and - way . sta-
tlons;aOTKaB*>sis»»*<B|'L' '•' 'TS' '*"-'¦-"' "" .'¦ : '¦-¦'
1! :U >. sa. Sundays— Point - Reyes as4 way
'•UtloB*./- _ _ .:;.:; . ...-. ;¦ ' ¦--¦-¦--•¦-¦¦¦¦
I 1 Nattire'sRemedy for
f Constipation 1
I _,MJHIU mm Bm mx^rA " ' '
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
If insist on BaviitQ tfte Genuine. ;
\\ .-¦¦..;¦. < J
ADVERTISEMENT^
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
hear signature, of /^L^?^^
Very mtllua m» easy
to take ma wmgax*
SEE ICAKHR'SKS SEE
GENUINE f !Uk E R ™2?o"pi 0 S uv«. GENUINE
I a j I ft? F0R CONSTIPATION.
WPAPPFP I fst FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFff
WKAlTfcK l^Bg I FOR THE COMPLEXION " KAm*
. OXKCDOS uuiTiuviUJiuTuiit.
"FI^IISI TIUTD O1T K.EI3 PAPER.'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, opea
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street
eorr.er Clay; open until 9:S0 p. m.
CVt Hayes street: open until 9:50 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until »:S0 p. m.
€15 Larkin street; open until 9:20 p. m.
VAl Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
_C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til v r>. m.
3f>6 Eleventh rtreet: cpen until 1p.m.
J0S6 Vai»ncia street: open until 9 p. m.
! Northwert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets; open until 9 p. m.
sr__Ti;»;o kotices.
PACIFIC Lod«* No. 13S. F. and A. M., ft
121 Eddy ft., meets THIS EVENING, # £?\_
7. SO o'clock.. Third degree. /*J^
GEORGE PENLIXCTOX. Sec. '
KXC-I^SIOR Lodte No. 36S. F. and A. »
M— Special ir.c-tine THIS (SATl'R- _jW*_
DAT) EVKNING. May 12. at S o'clock. 75_»
First decree. , V^**^
THEO. E. SMITH, E*e.
GOLDEN GATE Eneamrrr.er.t No. 1, » /*
I. O F. F.. win mw-t THIS (SATUB- Vf
DAT) EVENING. May 12. in Enc_np- V\.
men! Hall. Patriarchal and ciollen * X
liule decrees will be conferred.
V.'M. B. DUF.OIS. C. P.
EXCELSIOR Degree Loige N<\ 2. £_*___£
I. » O. O. F. — Regular meeting
TI3S (SATURDAY) EVENING.
Second decree. -"-*/( «*»
A, K. KINGSFORD. D. M-
6T. ANDREWS SOCIETY— Thirty- . W <w
seventh j.nnua.1 ;>.cn!c will taka Cmffl
place at Fairfax Park, near San >\*w_>>
Rafcel. on FATIT.DAY. May 12. "*"&<*
Boats leave Sa-jsallto terry at 7. 9:33. 11 a. m.
an^ 3 -At p. ra.: returning trains leave Fairfax
i:t l_ and t_Si Ticket*. Me; children, £5c; to
be had from r.fmber".
WILLIAM i;a_XAVE8. President
A. n. PATTEKSOX. Secretary.
AT'STRIAN ITU'tary tr.3 Benevo'.ent a_
Association— Officers and fnembers 5k5« s_53
atseirble In our hall TO-MORROW WCt?£?
MORNING <Sunday). May 13. to take
rert in the parade for our picnic at ~
Glemrood Park. Fine of $1 for non-attend-
ance win be enforced. By order of .
M. PERICIL President
P. SAULOVICH. P.ec. Sec
AGENTS WAVTED.
EXPERIENCED building ar.l loan agents.
Rocm 14fC. Claus Spreckels building.
ASTKOLOGV.
PROF. A. MASERT of Egrpt, rreateet artrol-
octot and paln^irt in the world; satisfaction
Kuar&Rt-ed. IS Powell st
ATTORVEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without rucce*s: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. S3 Market cor. Stocktoa.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mascc.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Sprecke!* bids.. 927 Mar-
ket ft. ; consultation free; no fees la advance.
HATH CAUIM2T — HOT A1U. VAPOR.
ROBINSON Sf 4-panel foMinjr; door opens; firm
and Fafe. TC. S. BROWN, gen. agt.. 426 Ellis.
B_ X.GIAX MAIt_S.
CLARE-ONT BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION.
•CT> have secured FASHODA PRINCE (imp),
eon of Cliajnpion I r asho<Sa, fee S15; also
ROYAL ROCHDALE, son of Rochdale, fee
J10. Does Flapped us by express for service
will receive careful attention.
HiKh-class does, bred and unbred; does with
lUtere <.:.". younseters cf !>•.-! ctraina; all
classes of —nin^als at re&soc&ble prices.
W. B. THOMAS. 4816 Telegraph ave.. opp. !
Temescal power houpe. Oakland.
TO Dealers— We are prepared to furnish you
with ii'i grades of animals, both imported and
d.mcftic, at prices that wiU be sa*..*.actory. :
In c<id;t.on to our present large collection ,
»v have 30 animals due en the 10th inst., dl- j
r«?ct [rom England.
Call at ince and secure the choice ones.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION. Alameda, Cal.: tel. Grand 1S51.
TIJE larg»*t and best-equipped rabbitry north
cf Los Angeles; imported Belgian hares;
v.-'r.i -i »«¦.-.> and retail; fashionable strains o(
Jzr.pcrted bucks and doe« always on hand;
r.urfce <i«er; a full line of rabbitry supplies.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
«es-€n Goldtn Gate ave.. S. F.; tel. South
Cl. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
THOROUGH FR.ED Belgian does, bred to Royal
$10 to K0; to Eir.peror of Norfolk.
S20 to S30; to AJax (highett-scoring buck in
Amfricat. JSO to foO: youngsters, all Ftrains. 6
wwks $2 Hi If we*ks. $3 50; Z months. $5 and
$7 M. K'rwood Jlabbitry. 530 14th St.. Oakland.
FOIt pale— Pedigreed Belgian har«E; from So
upward. MAHKET-ST. RABBITHY. W. C.
BEN'THAM. Proprietor. 1SCJ Market et
PEDIGREED ttcck— All popular etralns; Lord ,
Farhoda Cl-.i»f <lmp.) and ether grand Bires at
rtud. Eureka Rabbury. 161fiA Turk; v_. wel.
TR7n_ONT BELGIAN HARE CO.. 2124 FlIT
more ft.. Fan Francisco. Cal. Send 6 cents
!n Ktcrrrs for book on care and feeding.
:::. Vll!> — For Sale or Eicbtnre.
N?;\V Clt-velaad bicycles; better thatTeverT^40^
LEAVITT «- BILL. ?i,1> Larkln It
GREAT bargains !n weend-hand bicycles: from
B B|i: «.-nd for list. L.KAVITT _ BILL. 3J»
Lartin st.. i?an Francisco.
HOOKS — XEW AXU OLD.
ftC15»>OI* 1JOOK.23 r^ucnt ar.«l r xciianited.
!»>¦».¦.,-. TimV Pn . TIM ><K«'n- «t. n-»T Third.
BOOT AND SliOC UAUGAIXS.
BARGAINS, ladies' and children's sh;es; drum-
mers' sainrleK mfgr. cost. Kohibecher. 145 4th.
ULSIXESS CHANCES.
A— Ji'00— COFFEE Baloon; established many
yetrs and doing a first-class paying business;
rent J100; choicest location; only two blocks
n'trth of Chronicle hlig; particulars. R. G.
WII.KK. i*,C Market st
A— JSiO; corner branch bakery ar.d grocery, with
4 Jiving rooms, on Geary st; low rent and
good pajrtnx business; a rare, chance. Call
H. O. \V1LKE, SK.S Market Bt.
A— $4.iv: SALOON, with living rooms; estab.
many a:i<3 good payinjj place; on Sixth
et: low rent. CallR. G. WILKE. i06 Market.
A— JiS' : DE— ICACT and candy store: choicest
location en Mission et. : rent $25: living rooms;
caiiv I— eipta fSti i;;ace mutt be sold at once;
cwEer t;> ieave the city. Call It U. WILKE.
Ki6 Market *.t.
A— SMX'— CIIOl'HOUSE and restaurant ; estab-
liEhe<! 2!) years; rent t_: opj>. R. R. depot;
m. cpJendid chance ar.d a pood paying bunt-
ness. Call U. G. WILKE. i>06 Market st
A-|Si*i; CORNEU talor.p, 1 block frotn Market
end Stockton sts.; net rent JtC: a good-paying
ar.d ol.i-4-staUished business. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. SOC Mitrkei st.
A-f'W0; BEST located palocn on Market, st;
with 7 club and lafiles* rocms and line
{-rc-end*: p'sx* '<> known over the U. 8. and
Europe and ilclng a larre. profitable business.
BwM— — » R. G. WIL.KE, 906 Market st
A— US.00— BAKERY cn leading business street;
West era Addition; rent tCi; 3 horses, wagon;
2 rit.-w ovens; baking SVj barrels per day; sick-
'.vrt ca_e ol _je. See R. G. WILKE. SOS
Market et
A— $2000— CORNER grocery and bar. with four
living toutns: rent IZ-'j; "Ly ears' leare; the best
rcrr.e' on Mission st; place doing a good
laying cash buftlnes*: full value In sight
ih!I H. G. WILKE. 906 Market Bt
A. STENBERG CO
rilONE FOLSOM 134J
TO SELLERS
;Hav* buyers on hand ready to Invest; also all
kinds ui legitimate propositions for buyers....
......... KITW OF OCR BARGAINS
1210 — Uranrh bakery with sunny rms. ; Mission
JGJO — Cltar stand on Market et; receipts 'SIS
*4i0 — Cor. srucrry and bar; owner there 7 yrs
Ro-taurant, Third st.; part caeh: payments
A. STENBERG CO.. 823 Market st
A— $3000; HANDSOMELY furnished dining-room
Jn large hi.tel on leading badness street; aver-
age recelptB $30 day; coFt $1500 to fit up; owner
COlng to Nome. STENBERG CO., 835 Market.
X_$40O-_AUNDHY route clearing JGO a month;
good horse and wagon; full investigation and
trial felicity before buying: splendid oppor-
tunity. BTENBERQ CO.. S3S Market st.
CANDY and Icecream parlor; Market St.; sick-
n«ee- COWING _ CO.. 719 Market st.
CIGAR etore; heart city; worth JCOO for JKO;
cause, death. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at
A CORNER dov.-ntown saloon; best south of
Market: snap. COWING _ CO.. 719 Market.
BRANCH bakery and candy etore; living rnisT;
cheap rent COWING - CO.. 719 Market 6t
tVfi ICA^Y stcre: flne location; cheap rent;
with roSms. COWING _ CO.. 7_ Market et
<~T T*AIt land to exchange for rooming-house
or ffroc«ry. COWING - CO.. 71S Market st
~* —GROCERY and delicacy etore; full stock;
h_r__yp_a. COWING - CO.. 719 Market *t.
"T rtooMIN'G-HOI'KE north Market: 36 rooms;
A _Sie? death. COWING - CO.. 71» Market.
t tvruY end boarding stable- clearing . $_0
H^gtffj*^ COWING _ dO.. 7U Market
- — m-L-pibtsEK wanted; must be Eteady.
A rel_bT* mSi satisfied with $18 to $20 a week;
o- Sunday work; trial riven before
bSving A^ply at I Geary' «... room 2. ..
S-it? <?A_E— Saloon: old-established place; rent
F 2£ Sit* SON. 420 Sacramento 0t
-USINRSS CHANCES CONTINtTED.
AN excellent business opportunity to secure at
a tremendous sacrifice a splendid cash paying
corner grocery, bar and bakery combined,
with S neatly furnished family living-rooms
attached; also In addition to the above an
adjoining house of 8 attractively furnished
rooms; always rented to permanent people;
total rent of all only $40 per month; all fur-
niture and fixtures new and cood; owner sick
and must tleave for a different climate; full
investigation accorded: details on interview.
M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.
JSJO— BRANCH bakery, stationery and candy
ptore: bargain. McLAUGHLIN _ CO.. 777V4
Market st.
$1100— GROCERY store near the city; bargain;
other business cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN
* CO . "T»4 Market st.
$125 — CORNER saloon: bargain: departure cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN _ CO., 777% Market.
$!.'•«— PARTNER wanted: light Indoor business;
will pay over $60 per month yearly. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777V4 Market n. ¦'
A— $150— PARTNER wanted in cash business:
established 14 years; guaranteed to clear $76
per month to each; half cash, balance out of
profits of business. 1015 Market st.. room 10.
FOR SALE— As I leave shortly for the mines, I
wish to "llspose of my w«!l-estabili;hed, paying
loan office; a chance to secure the best invest-
ment of its kind ever offered in this city; cap-
ital required. $3000 to J4CCC: fullest investiga-
tion solicited. Mint Loan'Office, li Fifth st.
DOCTOR'S opportunity— For eale. remunerative
practice and drugstore doing profitable busi-
ness, located in growing district In this city;
postoff.ee station on premises; low rent; will
rell either or both. Address FAIR, box 2156.
Call office. ¦ -
WANT influential party to organize stock com-
pany upon p.n immense land and water power
proposition worth millions; an interest worth
a fortune giver, to the proper party; bank ref-
erences given and required. Address box 2152,
Call ofece.
WANTED — A srood livery and feed stable In
San Francisco; rent of building must bo rea-
eonable ond stable must show good value for
money asked. Address during next two days
Livery Stable, box 2145, Call office.
WILL, exchange clear residence lot in Chicago
suburb for good upright piano or for furni-
ture. Address box 457. Call office.
WELL paying branch bakery, living rooms, for
sale cheap account of leaving city. Call 3012
Elsteenth st. .
HORSESHOEING business; steady trade;
chance for right party; retiring from business.
G.. 1941 Mission St. |_
DELICACY Ptore— Must be sold by Monday; at
a racrilU-e on account of death. 704 Polk st.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing shop; estab-
lished 15 years; central location. Address
box 2H9. Call.
$S00— GROCERY and bar. suitable for man and
wif«; good location; reason, for selling, party
going East. Apply 103* Howard St.
DRUG clerk, licentiate; six years' experience;
city or country. Address Box 2138. Call.
$2500— BARGAIN: worth $5000; account going to
Nome; a leadlns: restaurant on Market et.;
first class trade. Apply. Call office.
BARBERS— Good, paying 2Sc shop In country
town; map. DECKELMAN BROS. 106 Ellis. ;
PLUMBING shep, stack and shop tools; In I
good location. Bex 4582. Call.
DO you want good paying dairy depot, clear-
ing more than $2 per day? some delivery; on
account of departuie ; no reasonable offer
refused. Addresw J.. box 1S31. Call office.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
cepper shop; also Eteel range; doing good
business; established 14 years. 411VS Callfor-
rla St.. EUGENE ROBINET. ;
DRUG store for <ale or exchange for San Fran- >
Cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying :
drug etcre in a good mining town; cash trade. ;
Call at "30 O'Farrell Et.. city.
$50CO— FOR Bale— Junction House, east of Hay-
wards. For particulars apply at SIEBE
BROS. A PLAGEMANN. 332 Sansome St., S.
F.. or T. C. Armstrong, real estate agent. ;
Kay wards.
GOOD bakery for sale in country town. Box
j 2TT;. Call office. Oakland. I
I A RESTAURANT: barpaln: good business. 233
j Eiphth et.; call between 9 and 11 a. m.
LOCKSMITH chop; e?_bliFhed 15 years; good
location for gocd mechanic; cheap rent. |
FZANIK, 444 Valencia st. I
ALL firpt-claas upholstery don<" cheap by the
job. flay or month. S. JENSEN. 911 Bush st.
FOR sal«— Ealoon in wholesale dlFtrict Ir.quire i
i mC— — ANN. LUTGENS & CO.. 31S Clay Et
BAKERY store. 1101 Howard St.: 4 rooms; large |
oven and tools to let low; location excellent
FOR sale— $300; old-established watch repair-
Ing and jewelry stcre. Box 414. Call office.
$200 CASH— Paying business; rent free; ftore
and bar. 2C8 Eleventh st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla ?t.
LODGING-HOUSKS FOR SALE2.
10 ROOMS: on Jones; clears 185 $400
10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission 450
10-room house; new furniture 201
12-room house; on Po?t Et 400
100 rooms; rent JjO; clears $200 1500
18 rooms on Third st 250
SO-rocm corner; 2 entrance?, half cash.... 2000
S-room flat; new; *!epant 600
IS roomF; on 'me floor; near Call office... 630
87 rocms; on Howard st. ; only S300 cash... 400
25 rocms; on Market ft.; worth $1200 800
10 rooms: on Mason Ft,; payments 4io
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market fit., opp. Fifth.
A BIG. new house, new furniture, full,
clearing $200 mo.; half ca?h; easy terms. .$1600
18 rcoms; central: rent $40; clears $50 550
» rooms; 2 blks. N. Mkt: rent $40; O. K.. 300
36 rooms on Mkt. : oak furniture; bargain. 1400
19 rooms; cor. on Post; Rood ir.oney-maker. 11C0
9 rms. ; full; rent $2S: clean; time on part 330
J IS rooms; nr. Mkt: low rent; good bus... S30
I 37 room?; full; 23 boarders; bon ton 1600
12 rocms; central; lent $€.*: money-maker. 7C0
12 rooms; rent JSO; G steady boarders 500
ICO more! I will l°nd you part on any house.
i MARION GHIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call big.
I A— $500 $500
105 ROOMS
MUST SELL TO-DAY.
WINSTON _ CO.. 1026 Market et
FOR sale — Lodglng-hou?<« of 20 elegantly fur-
nished rooms; all light; morning sun; bay-
window; permanent and transient; price $800.
Inquire on premises, 14 Turk, near Market
112'*— 38 ROOMS, all rented: good location, near
Market; cent; rent $75 month. Baslle, 3 Eddy.
$175— HOUSE cf 1C rooms; rents $27 50; good lo-
cation. 61?^ Mission Et •_
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, rent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year. •
pontage paid. -
CARRIAGES AXD *VAGO>S.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
j etc., cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
NEW _ 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts _ har-
ners, work _ driving horses, loth _ Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. HARRISON, medium, 4S Sixth st— Read-
ings daily; satisfaction guaranteed; circle
Wednerday, 2 p. m., 10c; readings, 50c and $1.
MRS. WEST, trance, teet - medium and mag-
netic treatments. 120C Market et, rooms 15-16.
MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; »A Sixth st;
few days only; cut this out.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clalrvoyant. test, business
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market
GO to WATSON, the luckiest and truest occult
| medium and palmist ;25c. _S1 Market.nr. 12th.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, I42S Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and Uth; clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
CL A 1 11 V O V A.NTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK"
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all aiCal ra of life; while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies, remove family troubles, restore lost af-
fections, unite the separated, recover lost or
stolen property: locates minerals: tells your
entire life while in a perfect trance; satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mail. ,
Send stataip for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk St., near Jones;
hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE.the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
eocret; Fhows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;open
Sundays. 1167 Market *t, bet 7th and 8th.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best adx-ice. 823
Mission, nr. Fourth, room 3; 25c up; ring bell.
_IFE readings with cards. 23c and EOc; palm-
istry $1. 1382 Market r. 27, opp. O. F.'s bldg.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader ;German spoken. ?21% Mission. cp.Mint
MME. KEREDA of 6 Seventh st, original
erpsy life reader; readings 25c: no sign.
MilK. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card : reader and
. palmistry; £5c; truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
—________________———_——______
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently:- business
advice; names given; I5c up. 6 Fourth st , .
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 2Dc; ladles. 814 O'Farrell st
_• _ CAPB._yoMB. y___. __; :: ;
CLAIM 11 on' Buster Creek, near Cooper _
Lane's claim: size 224 by 600; title perfect.
Apply to CAPTAIN NELSON, room 32, Grand
Hotel. •
TWO flrst-class tickets for sale on steamer San
Pedro 'for Nome. Call at once 10 Annie st,
upstairs., next to Palace Hotel.
GRUB stake wanted by young man who has
had practical experience In both placer and
quartz mining; references. Cape Nome, box
£124. Call office.
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shipped
free. SBARBORO & CO.. 621 Montgomery.
CAPE Nome gold-savlnc machine; greatest in-
ventlon of the age; weight SO lbs. 40 Second st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
\VITEN~you b«om« distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, £53-307 T"hama st. ; tel. S. 40.
SISKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St..
tel. South 535— Packing, moving and storage.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister Bt; phone South 148.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th Bt; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. SS-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 2oO.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
«3 Stevenson st.; tel. South £2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM.. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East ISC.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
22 SUMNER St.— 4 rooms and basement: rent
$11.
NICE cottage, 6 rooms and bath, cheap to good
tenant. 3103 Clay st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGOINS' dental parlors. 627
Market st.. over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work nt reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and fllled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays. •
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate, $6; a
full get of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
! without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty ; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 60c; crowns. $3 60; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth 8t.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4:
rubber or flexlbl* plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver, 50c: painless extraction. SOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Uth— No
charge for extracting when plates are- made-
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set: extracting, We; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. 'SS; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
| Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
I MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; painless
ext. crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1W1 Market st., corner Sixth. -
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
510 Golden Gate ave.: a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSSIAICERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 105 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3S7 Geary et.; dresses
made, $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinklnc. 121 Post. over O'Connor &Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A^GAl^ATun^R^TOLRR'TjnlteT*^^
rott building; Gallagher. 18 years official re-
po.-ter, shorthand department;' Tarr. expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
| ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post et, S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages-. telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing: life,
scholarship. I'D; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL student? but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1 1I3S Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up to date; all
branchfs; positions secured for graduates.
ENG1NEE P.ING. civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.; est. I564.k
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by matl; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgmy.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast'for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Slnz, 36 Oeary, r. 34.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI,
1008 Mission ; annual concert May 16, 421 Post
BOOKKEEPING practically: no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct, Flood bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any. address In th*
United States, postpaid, for *$1 per year.
E3IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
>^— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor Vn<f_m^
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic rervants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office: established over five years.
421 Post st; telephone Bush 1S5.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
SAM KEE, 613 Bush— Best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly; tel. Bush 134.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office:
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. SC6H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411'4 O'Farrell st; tel. East 42«.
KMl'LOYM—.VV \VA.\T_D— l''K.UAl.i;.
WOMAN desires a situation as cook for men or
mining camp or ranch; best of references. J.
F. CROSETT _ CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires place to ' do
light housework in email family; moderate
wages: reference; city or country. Call for 2
days at 815 Mission st. -- .
SITUATION wanted by elderly woman In small
family to do housework; wages moderate. Ap-
ply MARY SULLIVAN, 214 Fifth st.
REFINED young lady wishes position as com-
lianlon to elderly or invalid lady; no objection
to Ilsrht houeework. Box*2154, Call office. •.
AMERICAN woman, flrst-clase ' worker,; best
reference, wants . housecleaning, washing or
Ironing. 520 Washington st, room 6.
RESPECTABLE young girl desires general
housework and cooking; wages $20. Call at 221
Hickory ave.. near Van Ness. . :
LADY of good business qualification would like
to take charge of rooming house pr hotel; ref-
erences given. MRS.-. M... box 2K0, J CalU
MAN and wife, Germans. '< wish private places:
man good gardener, wife cook. Address 2110
Blake st.. Berkeley, Cal. ~ ' . : r ¦ ;
GOOD chambermaid wishes | to get : steady and
¦good position... Address box 2157, Call , office. •
YOUNG colored woman . would like a place;
flne laundress; second -work and plain, cook-
ing. Please address Box 2137, Call office. .;
COMPETENT reliable American woman wishes
housework; city or country; wage* $20, to $25.
114 Fourth st. ; . >.; ', . ;
WINCHESTER Hou.ie, 44 Third St.." near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $8
week, , convenient ' and . respectable ; - f re» < ' bus
* and baggage to and from ferry. t
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE- AGED American woman wishes a
position as housekeeper or to take charge of
house for parties going away; no triflers. Ad-
dresa box 4592, Call Office.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation aa house-
keepcr:- good reference. 508 Franklin st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla at. .
EMPLOYMENT AVASTED MALE.
SOBER reliable man wants any kind of em-
ployment, porter preferred; colored. A. LEE,
1013 Clay st. ".
SITUATION wanted private place; can milk;
good hand . with horses. Address box 2155,
Call office. . •• - : •
EXPERIENCED salesman and manager would
go to -Cope Nome or would travel for a good
house. Box 2158, .Call office.
ENGINEER and machinist of long experience;
up to date; has good references. L. D. M..
1563 Broadway. Oakland.
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer, young man,
wants work; city or country. 271 Stevenson.
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want , situa-
tions in hotel, boarding house, club or camp.
Apply Or address S. E.. 125 Turk st.
ELDERLY single gentleman deeires ' any em-
ployment In exchange for room and board or
its equivalent Address Box 2123, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
*ub*crlptlons has been established at IMS Va-
lencla st. ¦
exchange:.
STORE and flat; right In town: Installment:
mortgage $2500; equity worth $2500 for vacant
lot: cash or arrangement. Box 445, Call office.
, .EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. f.Oc. Phone Mint 257.
FINANCIAL.
WANT Influential party to organize stock com-
pany upon an Immense land and water pow*r
proposition worth millions; an interest worth
a fortune given to the proper party; bank
references Riven and required. Address box
2153. Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
ATTRACTIVE; sunny flats, 4 and 6 rooms, bath;
rent moderate; Hanover pi., off Sacramento,
above Powell. Apply at 42 Montgomery »t
A— 7- ROOM flat: corner; sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417H Third st
FELL.' £24— Flats of 3 rooms and bath, $13;
also flats, 4 rooms, no bath. $9.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard; base-
ment; rent moderate. 1931. 1935. 1937 O'Farrell.
SUNNY flat— 6 rooms; bath; rent reasonable.
1314 Green st, near Larkln.
SUNNY flat— 6 rooms and bath; all modern lm-
provements; large yard. 2812B Howard st.
SUNNY upper flat, 5 room*: modern conveni-
ences; rent reasonable. 1891 O'Farrell st.-
VALENCIA, 1306— Flat, 6 large rooms, bath;
sunny yard; cheap to right parties.
$9— SUNNY flat of 8 rooms; 1320 Jessie st, off
Hermann, near Valencia. Apply UMBSEN.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
- FURNITURE FOU SAL—.
SOLID, beautiful set of walnut furniture with
dark marble tops; also oak chiffonier for sale.
Call after 10 o'clock p. m., 1641B Clemen-
tina st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $43 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
CARPETS; rugs; art square. 9x12; No. 7 stove;
3 bureaus; 3-burner gas 6to%e. 334 Hayes. st.
FOR sale — The furniture of 4 rooms, complete
for housekeeping. 711% Filbert Bt
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, . 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie 761:
ALFRED WOLLPElfr, 773 Mission st. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Rml 3&3.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
cTrTTiANSEN & CO . . .p!io'n_^SraNt"i85
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
head waitress, city, $25; 4 waitresses, hotels,
city, $20 and $25; 2 waitresses, commercial ho-
tels, $25 and found, fare here; 6 waitresses,
new commercial hotel, $22 50, see party here,
10 a. m., fare paid; pantry girl, same place;
6 waitresses, country, $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20; middle-aged chambermaid, country,
$15 :
FAMILY ORDERS
Compositor, see party here, steady place;
ranch cook, $30. see party here; ranch cook,
Santa Clara Co., $20; houseglrls, Martinez,
$20, Sacramento Co. ; houseglrl for choice
place, $25. city; houseglrl, Palo Alto, $18; Bel-
vedere. $25. and 50 places for houseglrls, city,
too numerous to mention. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 1C4 Geary st.
WOMAN to make New York butter cakes in
window, $32 50 month. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
PANTRY girl for flrst-class restaurant, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Nursery governess, $25; 2 wait-
resses, $20, country, see party at 10 to-day;
chambermaid. $20: waitress, $20, same place;
12 hotel waitresses, $20 to $25. city and re-
sorts; 10 chambermaids and>i waitresses, $20,
city and resorts; laundress, $25, resort; cook,
hotel, $35, and waitress, $20, same place, see
party at 9:30; Scandinavian chambermaid and
seamstress, $20; Scandinavian second girl, $25;
7 second girls, $20; second girl, $25, Oakland;
cook, $30, short distance; houseglrl, short dis-
tance, $30; Protestant nurse, $25. J. F. CRO-
SETT. 316 Sutter st. ¦¦¦¦",
25 GIRLS, general housework, $20 to $30.
10 WAITRESSES, city. $20 to $25; mother and
daughter, country, housework. $30. EMPLOY-
MENT BUREAU, room 202. 927 Market st.
WANTED— Girls and young women; light work
In laundry. Apply 1519 Eddy at, bet 9 and 10,
Monday morning. '
WOMAN for housework in small American
family on ranch, $20; see party Sunday, 2 to 4
p. m. 1533 Valencia st.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st.
NEAT young girl to wait at table. 623 Fourth
street. ;
MIDDLE-AGED woman: light housework. Call
8 to 10 a. m. at 1211 Scott st. ' .
WANJTED— Waitress; restaurant 233 Sixth st
WANTED— Girl for light , housework ; good
home. 16. Washington ave., near Mission st.
GIRL for general housework for Alameda. Call
j 617 Washington St., city.
STRONG woman for house cleaning. Inquire
¦ between 9 and 12 a. m., 317 Larkln st. ' ••
WANTED— First-class shirtwaist makers at
once. 309 Gough st. • "'¦'•
GIRL for housework: $20 per month. 1049 H st.,'
corner Twelfth ave. ; take blue cars for beach.
WANTED— A j middle-aged woman for general
housework; good home. : 1010 Broderlck st
GIRL to help do housework. . 2222 Bush st.
A WOMAN wanted to assist in light house-
work; good home and fair pay for right party.
Call after 12 o'clock. 116 Taylor st
GIRL -for' general housework and . cooking;
wages $20 to $25. 1220 Potrero ave. - .*-.
YOUNG girl for general housework; cottage ;
good wages. 1705 Baker Bt.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. SVi Antonio st,
bet. , Ellis and O'Farrell, off "Jones.
YOUNG girl to take care 2 children and assist
1120 Florida st.,, Mission.' --.¦ ¦¦-</¦:.
WANTED immediately, first-class walst-trim-
, mers. Apply COX, 336 O'Farrell st
NEAT ' housekeeper; ¦ wages $15 month; ¦ San
, Rafael. Box 2134. Call.,
OPERATORS and ; finishers on gents* dress
.shirts; steady work. Uogerson's, 535 .Valencia.
GIRLS GIRLS. . GIRLS.
'- Highest wages paid > to sewing machine : oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
y Apply , at once to ' MR. DAVIS, S2 % ; Fremont.
LADIES- wanted— To learn barber trade; ; only
requires J to D weeks : to .complete; . day ¦ and
: evening class; ' Illustrated = catalogue and map
of city mailed free ; ¦ halrdrenslng taught ¦< In * 4
week* MOLER'S BARBER : COLLEGE. 633
:; Clay st. :¦-¦„• ¦¦ ..//:-:\-/.-. .t-,. -. , v . ;.:...• -¦¦;.
. FEW ? young ; ladles . to Join ' night school ; f low
U rates. ;, Ayres' Business , College. 'i 723 ; Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ! and subscriptions
'-. received at Call branch office. 2200 ."Flllmore at~
A 7 BRANCH ; office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
¦ . lencla st -"--¦-¦..¦¦:¦•.¦.-..¦ .*. .;¦ ¦:-¦ . ¦- .
HELP WANTED- MALE.
A— MURRAY _ READY. .....Phone Main 584S
•Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
...WANT, 7 A. M. TO-DAY
10 laborers to handle and truck grain, $2 50
, day, . free fare; 2 boilermakers, large com-
pany,$3 60 day
Cooper, city ...$2 75 day
Blacksmith, sawmill company... $60 aud found
2 - boys, '- some experience , in painting, $5 to $7
week; 12. blacksmiths, Including camps, shops,
. ranches, etc., also helpers, $60, $40. $35 and
$2 60 and $2 a day.
.6 drillers and hammersmen... $2 day
Wheelwrights and woodworkers, -city and
country; machine blacksmith. $3 50 day; car-
riage trimmer; boys to work in machine shop;
also boys for factory and to learn trades.
....FREE FARE for S. P. R. R. WORK....
&0 laborers and teamsters, $1 75 and $2 day.
MINERS.. ........GOLD, SILVER and
•;•-• ..OTHER MINES....
la Elngie-hand and machine miners.$75 and M
10 gold miners. Placer Co.... $75
Furnace men..., A... ......$52 and $60
32 laborers, no experience required..$60 and fd
SO muckers $75 an d jco
173 laborers, city and country. $1 75 and $2
nay; 250 teamsters, city and all parts of Cal.,
$1 jo and $2 day and $30 and $35 and found; 10
laborers, Alameda Co., 25c fare $35 and fd
10 two and four horse teamstera, free fare,
see boss here.
FARMS. DAIRIES. ORCHARDS^' STABLES*.
8 stablemen, city and country, $:0, $10, $35
and $25 and found; 150 farm, orchard and
vineyard hands, t_ to $35 find found; milk-
ers, city and country, - $30 and $35; butter
makers, choremen, etc. ;.. gardener; 25 hay-
makers, $1 25 day; working foreman for ranch,
$30 and found
15 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb and
work among vines, hoe, etc.. $17 50 and found,
SOc fare
Choreman and wife, $55 and found, fare paid,
see'bosB here
Farmers and wives for Sonoma, Santa Clara
and Contra Costa counties $45 and $35
Sheepherders, chore boys
20 loggers. $40 and found, reduced fares, see
boss here; 50 laborers for the sawmills and
woods, $26 to $40 and found; Jack screwers,
crosscutters, etc
For . other positions, coma down and read
bill boards and secure latest lists.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
A— COOKS BAKERS PORTERS
17 cooks, hotels, restaurants, boarding houses,
ranches, etc.. $25 to $50 and found; foreman
baker, city shop. $50 and found; porter, coun-
try hotel, $25 and found; waiters, hotels, res-
taurants and cafes, $25, $30, $35 and-$S and
$9 week; Ironers. country laundries, $25 and
$35 and found; camp waiters and dishwashers.
$25: second cook, mine boarding house, $40
and found
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay at.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
Wanted— 500 men for railroad work on the
Coast R. R. In Santa Barbara Co.; team-
sters, rockmen and laborers: $2 a day; free
fare
10 house carpenters, rough work, tor railroad
company work; $3 a day; free fare.
20 laborers for railroad company -work; $2 a
day; board $4 60; free fare
6 men to build fences, R, R. work, $2 a day,
free fare; 10 muckers, $2 and $2 50 a day; 10
quarry men, J2 25 a day; 6 quartz miners, $2 50
a day; 2 miners, near city, $40 and board;
nreman for cannery; box nailer, country; 20
woodsmen and laborers, $2« to $35 and board;
20 farmers. $26 and $30 and board; 2 vegetable
gardeners. $26 and $30; choremen, stablemen,
milkers and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
A COOK and wife, mining camp. $75; cook,
mine boarding house, $50; vegetable cook,
country hotel.,$40
Kitchen hand, $30, and dishwasher, ISO, for
mountain resort; dishwasher, springs, $30;
kitchen hand, springs, $25; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, $20, $25 and $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO..W 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cooks, $12, $8; cook, country board-
ing house. $40; ranch cook. 3 men. $15; second
cook, country, $30; second cook, city hotel,
$40; pantryman, country, $25; dishwashers,
potwashers, bellboys, barkeeper, other work.
Call and see J. F. CROSETT Agency, 628
Sacramento st. —
SLAUGHTER-HOUSE butcher, $30 and found;
3 cabinetmakers, $2 75 day; 4 men tor haying,
$1 35 day and board; 2 men to run tunnel by
contract: 50 woodchoppers, $1 25 to $2 cord;
100 woodsmen, $30 and $40 and board and' in-
crease; laborers for mill and woods, J2 day;
6 blacksmiths, $2 50 to $4 day; miners, muck-
ers, car men; 6 laborers for mine. J2 day; 2
men and wives. $50; house painter, $40 and
board: groom, $30 and found; choreboy for
ranch, $10 and found. J. F. CROSETT
Agency. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED
Blacksmith for small country shop, near city,
$40 to $45 and found; 6 laborers for sawmill
company, $26 to $40 and fare paid; man to
run self-binder on ranch, near city, $30 and
board i
Vegetable man for institution, near city. $25
per month and found; dishwasher for insti-
tution. $20 and found
Milkers $25 and $30
Haying hands for different places, near city,
$1 25 per day and board, and others. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
1 RANCH cook. $30 and found.
7 WAITERS. $6 to $10 and board.
FARMHAND, $20 and found; all year.
WAITER: swell summer resort; $25 and fd.
COOK and dishwasher; board, house, $50 _ fd.
LABORERS, teamsters. $1 75 and board.
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. R. 202. 927 Markt
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
• mmt. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: t»l. Jessie 152.
LIVE hustlers, accustomed to systematic city
canvassing, can make big j money for the
next 30 days. Apply to J. P. MASSIE, room
14. fifth floor. Mills building.
ANOTHER good stenographer for Cape Nome;
good salary; must operate Smith Premier
Typewriter. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110
Montcomery st.
WANTED — Intelligent, active boy; one who has
worked In merchant tailoring store preferred.
335 Bush st. '
WANTED— Man to wait at table, understand
a little about cooking, and also a dishwasher.
1426 Turk St. '
WANTED---Partner: must be flrst-class butcher
and good outside man. Inquire S. BECK, Six-
teenth and Mission, saloon.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wares $4 and board. Call at 4039 Twenty-
slxth Et. '¦
BARBER, good workman, wanted: wages. 120
Geary st '^
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 1055%
Folsom st. ,
BARBEXR wanted at 763 Mission st.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday; wages $3.
623 Clay st; call at 8:30 o'clock.
BARBER wanted. B19 Keerny st.
BARBER wanted at 437 Third st. for Saturday
and Sunday.
2 BARBERS for. Sunday. 797 Mission st. ',
BARBER wanted Saturday at 12 o'clock. S08V4
Howard st. /
BARBER wanted for Saturday; will pay $4
for good man. 66 Second st. ,
GOOD barber; Saturday night and Sunday.
v Twenty-fourth and Sanchez sts.
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday. 1006 Mis-
sion st. ' __^
WANTED— Barber • for Saturday and Sunday ;
short hours. 603 Washington st.
WANTED — Barber Saturday and Sunday;
steady. . 648 Sacramento st.
•WANTED — Barber for Saturday and Sunday.
1648 Mission st. ".-¦.'"-
HYDE, 1026— Barber shop for sale.
SECOND waiter wanted. 560 Howard St.. Ger-'
man Hotel.
W.ANTED— A good second cook. U. S. Hotel.
, 123 Eddy st. .
WANTED — Bushelman and pressman at RA-
PHAEL/S. *
NIGHT waiter •, who can* open oysters at 125
Seventh st. Call 8 p. m.
STEADY, sober, experienced dishwasher. 612
Kearny st. , '• '
WANTED— Third hand bread baker. S36 Third
..-..' street. ¦.¦'¦-¦ ' :¦-..•
YOUNG man who undeVstands painting and
paper-hanging. 319. Third st. . / :
¦WANTED — A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st:- '.r -•'*--
FIRST-CLASS wheelwright and woodworker
at O'BRIEN & SON'S, 500 Golden Gate ave.
COOK and dishwasher.' 121 Fifth st " /
WANTED— Good Ironer, male or female. Wat-
: sonvllle Steam Laundry. '
EMIL FREDERICKSON Is called for at Mare
Island , navy yard. - ¦ ¦ \-
GOOD • pressman ¦ on custom . pants; steady
work. :> 225 . Fifth St. .-.-' • .
WANTED— Bright" office boy. 29 Stockton st.
ALL sizes men's shoes,' slightly damaged, half
,,:¦ price. 5S2 Mission st.. .. bet : 1st , and 2d. sts.
WANTED-^-8 advertising canvassers," 1 salary and
: commission.™-, 2120 i Shattuck ave.,- room r 23.
S Berkeley, i bet.- 8 and 11 a.! m.
WANTED^-! reliable; good shoemakers on sec-
. ond-hand .work. 749 Mission Bt. '^<>£E?lSE_M_tf
WANTED— Man of good character; deliver, and
collect ; ¦ for 3 old ;•: established ; manufacturing
house:. $900 a year. and expenses guaranteed.
/Address MANUFACTURER, third floor. 234
_ Dearborn sf," Chicago. v ;
.WANTED — Good j chief \ cook; I must have ref er-
¦ : - ence.v Address ; box ; 2144, -'¦¦ Call . office. ' -
BOATBUILDERS and engineer. 61S Third «t;
San Francisco."
HELP WANTKD 3IALB.
WANTED— Recruits for th* United States !
\ Marine Corps. U. S. navy ; abfe-bodied. • un-
married men, of good character, between tUa
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than S feet
4 Inches and not over S feet 1 Inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sona who have legally declared their inten-
tions, to become citizens; able to read, writ*
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlce. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco, Cal. or
&30 K st. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— A traveling salesman with flrst-
. class references to take side line on commis-
sion; no samples and easy seller. Addresj
box 00, Call Orflce.
WANTED— A grocery clerk; references re-
quired; must understand handling of horses.
Apply 458 Sixth St.
YOUNG man stenographer, must operate Smith
Premier typewriter. L. _ M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery st.
GREEN HANDS and sailors for nice voyage;
no experience. HERMAN, 26 Steuart st.
BOYS wanted at San Francisco and Paciflc
Glass Works, Seventh and Townsend Ma.
BOY with men's furnishings experience or to
learn. £11 Montzcmery. 2 to 4. ¦ ; t
GOOD operator on vests to open a shop. Call
766 Geary Bt.. b-tween 7 and 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waltin*: 25c
to 60c. D62 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
MAN to open oysters and make himself gener-
ally useful around the kitchen. Cafe Zlnk-
and. 927 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires •_ to eight weeks: day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
Institution in the world teaching this trads:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. €33
Clay st.
WANTKD— Laborers and mesfcanlcs to know
that Ed Rolkln. TJeno House proprietor, iitill
runs Denver House. 217 Third et. : 150 laris
rooms; :5c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn bartering and halrdressing at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GKNTLEMKX'S suits to order. $1 per w«»*k. at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring: Cn.. 115 Kearny.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and green band*;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: U
¦ years' practice: Examiner bldg.
"WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 room'. 25 c night; reading room: fre*
'bus and banrage to and from the r »~v.
LIN DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
v Rooms 15c to 25c r.«"- n'ght: 75c to %2 per week.
BOY 14 to 16; make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market »t.. room 33 ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1096 Va-
HOnSES, LIVB STOCK, _tc — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
« carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
If? Sixth st: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & POYLS. Auctioneers.
B0 HEAD flne draft and driving horse* at 1321
and 1625 Market st. bet. Twelfth and Brady:
also some flne matched black teams.
FOR sale — Sixty-six head of mules, 4 and 1
years oid. Address WM. McGANN, Merced.
Cal. '
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent., 605 Golden Gate av.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
1170 Market St.: Castro-*t. cars pas" the door.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
LEAVENWORTH, 506, near O' Farrell— 2-story
house, G rooms, alcove and bath; in good
order: key at grocery. Apply to C. S. CAPP
& CO.. Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
PIERCE, E. side, bet. California and Sacra-
mento— 2-story bay-window, 6 rooms and bath;
neat house: nice neighborhood. Apply to C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Estate Agents. 630
Market st.
HOUSE of 12 rooms. 706 Natoma st. between
• Eighth and Nlnth^ :
TO let — House of 8 rooms and bath; In first-
class condition. 1427 Post St.. near Octavia.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717—8 rooms each and bath,
modern, sunny: convenient: rent reduced.
HOUSES TO LET — FURMSHED.
A WELL-FURNISHED sunny corner flat; 6
rooms and bath. 2502 Folsom st. •
______________
LOST— Dalmatian bitch coming ofT 5:30 boat on
Oakland side; name. "Dutchess," and license
on collar. Return to H. S. BRICKELI^ 1510
Franklin St., and receive reward.
DESIGN book with leather cover on Mission
St.; $1 reward. 700 California st
LOST — Brown Irish water spaniel. Return to
2118 Howard st. and receive reward. v ~ ; •-
LOST — April 5, large Maltese cat; name Toby.
Reward flO return to 7C5 1 .<4 Valencia st.
LOST — Gold pin; monogram D. C, with crossed
onrs. 253^4 Stevenson St. ; reward. -
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-kmrmTTalile?~phy^
slcian, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure to; have treated thousands of
cases with success; 15 years' practice In S. F. ;
maternity home; \ov\ fees. 1007% Market st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladies' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cafes successfully; treatment can be used at
. home; consultation free. Write or call at
1023>i Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.
practice; home In confinement "treatment at
office, $5; any nUm^ni;. consultation free: con-
fidential. 94_.Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market: ladles' gpe^
ciallst; treatment at office, $5; consultation
free; hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 257.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1223 Market; ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated; lat"»
scientific methods: treatment, $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken; terms
reasonable. S2S Castrd st. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles" specialist— Treat-
ment at office. $5; consultation free. 1122
Market St., between Mason and Taylor.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium, 704 Sacramento.cor.Kearny ;advlce free.
DR. F. FRANK, ladles' physician: call on
physician with man's knowledge. lOlSLaguna.
VI-VI— DR. WIPE & CO.. the ladies' speclal-
ists. 1118 Market St.; $5 up.
MRS. SCHWARTINO. midwife; private home
in confinement for ladles. 510 Eddy st.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment, $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGSNER— Private home
. in confinement. 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human. body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, eczema
and all nervous troubles: ladles' department
', removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness .ave..
opp. St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
~~ METAPHYSICS. ~~~
GRADUATE of National School Mental. Mas-
netlc healing. Dr. Las?well,14 McAlllaier.r.14.
mimm; a.\d assa xi:\u.
WILL work and develop on shares, lease or or-
ganize company, on a legitimate, satisfactory
mining proposition in Mexico or elsewhere.
Address box 2151. Call office.-
MISCELLANEOUS— FOK SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2J-hand machinery. Me-
INTOiJH _ WOLPMAN. 1S5-197- Kremont »t.
A— BUYS, sells or rents sear machinery, en-
gines," boilers, water pipe, shaftlns. pulleys.
etc. AVHITELAW. 216 Spear Bt.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand: we always
have a large stock 1 of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st. abov«
Sixth: write for catalogue. -
A BEAUTIFUL- cluster diamond horseshoe
scarfpin for $25; cost originally $50. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
WHISKY for family Vr medicinal use: 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 20: noth-
ing on case to Indicate contents: twice the
. price could buy no better; mall orders solic-
ited. F. EPHKAIM & CO.. IS Montgom-ry.
ONE extra fine quality, doubie, 1 outer and 1
'Inner,' 2 compartments, flre .and burglar proof
bank vault; made In sections for convenience
in shipping and for setting up; will sell at a
bargain, for cash. Box 1SS0. Call office.
FOR sale— 2 fresh young cows. Apply 217
; Hearst ave., Sunnyside.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
Portland Loan Office. 25 , Stockton st . .
'FOR sale — About 40 or 50 gallon!! good country
mlik. Country Dairy, , 607 Sixth st. Oakland.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
./pictures. BULLARD _ BRECK. 131 Pott st
MI3CEl.-Ay-O«S— FOR SA-B
BARBER fixtures and furniture: 2-chair outat
complete: must be sold at once at a sacrifice
Inquire room 614. Call bldg.
AUTOMATIC Wlllcox & Glbbs sewing machine;
good order; complete: cheap. 1915 Mission st.
near Fifteenth. '
EDISON concert phonograph, price^reduced to.
$100' concert records. $2 »O. BACIGA—Ufl.
»33 Market st. San Francisco. >
6 SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand, la good
condition, for sale. 377 SbotweU st.
A— *3 50 DERBY and F«3ora hats. $1 75. Pop-
nlar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. nr. Ping.
ON'E 1H P. SCO volt motor; standard make; al-
raost new; cheap. WHITE, 516 Mission st
CASH resisters of every description ft>f<nl«
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and lUta.
$225— SLOOP yacht; lensrth 33 feet, beam 14; 3
rooms; In good condition. Inqulr* at US
Twenty-eighth st.
A FINE suit $10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
HIGH-ARM Slnser sewing machine: good con-
ditl3n; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. —th.
PORTABLE engines., boilers: Iron and wood
planers: lathes: Sd-hand. J. Burke. 123 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and yold. W. C. BEXTHAM. IS— Market st.
' A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burj-
lar proof safe. _6 California st.
SAFES?— New and second hand. THE HEK-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECONDHAND fireproof safe: 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES— New and second handball sires. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 daner and matcher; X
air romnrwwr: 5 focomotlves. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
PRIVATE family will take care of piano and
pay reasonable rent; best reference. Address
WANTED— Heavy fruit wagon; ttato price and
where it can be seen. Address box 2_8. Call.
WANTED— Two double team new or second-
hand wagons, about 3 tons capacity. Address
A. _.. box 2131. Call office. Z
WANTED— Office desk. Address W. T. PRICE.
419 California et. room li.
WANTED -Second-hand upright piano for
canh H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market »u
31OXEV TO IOAJT.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent; flirstl
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. _,
OLSEN. room 16, first floor, Chronicla bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R, McCOLGAN* 24 Montgomery, r. J.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advarees on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st: tel Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st
MOS1 reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI*. 10 Sixth;
hlshest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
Iciest rates. BECKER _ CO.. 26 Montgomery -
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9. respectable prlvat »
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
service; money direct: lowest Interest Rooms
CS and 63. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
__ __ _ _______________________ — — — ,
. LOANS made on furniture at l'-a per cent; also
i loans to salaried people. UARSHBARGER.
»22 Ellis St.. room 34.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnge. 431 Calif.
TO salaried peopfS; without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
*CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner building.
$50 TO $."0,000: lowest rates: 1st and 3d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEJJ. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planes, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
3IUSICAL. l.NSTItUMEXTS.
X~ciioTc_~lTst~63F¥naps?' """" ~™* ~~^~~~~
Small upright: rosewood $39
Aricn; rosewood 1O)
Weber; rosewood 150
Klngsbury; mahogany 130
Sterling: ebonized zno
Sterling: walnut 123
Sterling: large oa_ Z45
Vose; walnut ~ ». 250
Finest condition; warranted; very easy pay-
ments; pianos rented S3 up; tuning and cart-
age reasonable. BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON.
1S-1S-20 O'Farrell st. Curtax building. Chick-
ertng Agency. ir
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
merts are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: Dew upright pianos. $6 cash. $4 par
month: other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month.
EHERMA.V. CLAY _ CO.. Steinway Dealers,
ccr. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
ccr. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
4 BIG BARGAINS FOR — —
4 DAYS ONLY.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.
763 Market st
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houi*
¦west of Chicago Is KOHLER * CHASE'S.
le. IS and 30 O'Farrell st: pianos, organs and
•II other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible don* to pleasa and satisfy ta*
customer.
$100. $U0. $175. $200 OR $223 will secure a good
piano — if you come now. MAUVAIS' 769
Market sC
DECKER _ SON or Packard, if you want the»
best
Decker _ Son or Packard beat all th» rest
MAUVAIS'. 7S9 Market st
A BEAUTIFUL Steinway upright, forced sale
and a handsome rosewood piano. $_o. Room
12. Flood building.
WILL, sell for storage, upright $50; Thos. Ball
piano. $20: A. B. Chase. Stelnway and
ethers. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market
A STEINWAY. $163: installments 13. $5, $7. $10-
rents $2 up. HEINE'S, 136 Ellis st
$125— ELEGANT upright for sale or rent for $2.
S42 Kearny at
EOHMKR & CO.. Byron Mauzy planes. SOS to
S12 Post st
A FEW days only — New pianos,' $2 50 per mo.
ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes st.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ, U
McAllister st. next Hibernla Bank.
FINE Fischer and Steinway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 101S Van Ness «ve.. nr. Geary st
W. O. BADGER. 41J Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
OITFICKS AM! STORKS— -TO LET.
LARGE store, corner Seventh and Natoma;
cred 30 yrs. as grocery and saloon: reasonable.
FAtMISTRY.
MME. Neergaard, Pres. St. Germain College of.
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 118 Geary, nr. Jones.
TGRSONALS.
R^ESPE^CTA^LE7~responsible. reliable money
» lending house; lowest rates; established lsji-
our own fireproof building; private entrance'
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
avc.
SWEETHEART— Something swell and op to
date: for young men only: send $1 (oaDer* to
FOSTER CO.. box 107 St. C. Los Angeles, and
get ten times your money's worth of enjoy-
ment. ' *
'a M __ia_ for * at "~"~
LEDERER uses Qulntonica Hair Tonic to mako
the hair glossy. 3jc bottle, and Foamo Sham-
poo to cleanse the scalp. 5c pkg. _• Stockton.
MI ? S S"^ 1 ! 00^. chiropodist and business a<S-
vl«-e. 8S0 Market St.. second floor, room 37.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. a r ay> 357 Jwsle st
F1 £hk' I> S F '?? "i 1^ other sults bought: also old
gold. Portland Lean Office. 25 Stockton st.
L 5 D - ERER ' . th * p J > P ul »r hairdresser: price only
h_ £?• ""* < - na " ;e f°r fancy halrdresstna;
has but one price for plain or the most elab-
orate coiffures, m Stockton st.
A £L e l e « Bant sult for J1 ° ' 5 from imported or do-
mestic remnants _, LEMOS 1117 Market at.
between Seventh and Eighth. -
"^t? q^ ck ,! y curled or ~ ave(1 *y nsln * Tal -
. CQtt 9 Curling Fluid; 25c bottle: druggists.
DET ,F?T IVE "~ Honorable : confidential: secret*
inviolate. Address box 490. Call office.
LADIES* and Rents' cast-oft clothing bought an*
soli. Sllverman. 884 Folsom: teL Folsom U3L
* PHOTOS for |J per dcien at FOW-ER'S,
U4S Market st. near - Tajlor.United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
¦ Times and Heights of High and Low
'¦. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
, -thorlty o*-the Superintendent.
NOTK— The . high and .'low waters occur at
the: clty'.front: (Mission-street wharf)* about
twenty-live minute slater "than at Fort Point;
SATURDAY. MAY 12.
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARRIVED.
Friday. May 11.
Stair Corona, Glslow, <4*i hours from 8aa
Dleso, etc. • •
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. IS hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. 19 hour* from Cureka,
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson. 89 hours from
Oyster Harbor.
Jap stmr America Maru. Going-. 25 days from
Hongkonsr. via Yokohama 15 'days 12 hours 43
minutes, via Honolulu 5 days 1!) hours IS m'.n.
Haw ship Star of Bengal. Henderson. ITS
days from Honolulu.
Schr John D Tallant. Hoffland. 13 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Beulah. Mitchell. 10 days from WlUapa.
CLEARED.
Friday. May 11.
Br stmr Coptic. Hinder. Hongkong, eta; O
& O S S Co.
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, Nanairac;
John Rosenfeld's Sons.
Br stmr Flintshire, Dwyer. Manila, Tla Hono
lulu; U S Government.-
Br ship Dowan Hill. Puxley, Quecnstown;
Eppinxer & Co.
SAILED.
Friday, May 11.
Stmr Lakme. Schsse. Seattle.
8tmr Coos -Bay, Shea. San Pedro.
Etmr UmatlMa, Cousins. Victoria.
8tmr South Coast. Olsen, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 11. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 20 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, May 11— Natal telegraphs that ship
W H Macy, previously reported ashore, lost
part of deck load; so far cargo in good order.
Co«t of towage and lightering £53.
YOKOHAMA. April It— Two pontoons for
raisins stmr Morgan City have been sent to tha
wreck.
SPOKEN*.
May 8, lat SO N. Ion 3 W— Br ship Galena.
from Portland, for Queenstown.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 10— Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skasuay.
Sailed May 10— Br bark Helen Denny, from
Honolulu; stmr Del Norte. from Coos Bay.
BANDON— Arrived May 6— Schr Lizzie Prten.
hence April 24.
Sailed May 9 — Scbr Joseph and Henry, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 11— Br stmr
Oak Branch, from Nagasaki, for Everett; schr
Maria E Smith, from Honolulu; schr Challen
ger, from San Pedro.
Sailed May 11— Br bark Lakemba. for Seattle.
TACOMA— Arrived May 11— Schr Philippine
from Port Townsend; ship Dashing Wave, fn^C
Honolulu.
PORT LO3 ANGELES-Salled May 11— Stmr
Alcatraz. for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD — Arrived May 11 — Stair
Whitesboro. hence May 10.
EASTERN PORT.
READT ISLAND— Passed May 19-Solp Kea
llworth, from Philadelphia, for San Fraaclico.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON— Arrived May 9— Br stmr At&oa. tor
New York.
Sailed May »— Stmr Finance, for New York.
DUNGENESS — Passed May 10 — Br ship
Springburn. from London, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 9— Br ship Cromp
ton. for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO— Arrived April 1*— Ger stmr
Luxor, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
GUAYAQUDLr-Salled Arrll 2«— Ger stmr Ha
thor. for Hamburg. -
PANAMA-Salled Arrll 25— Stmr Saa Juan,
for San Francisco. April 29— Stmr City of Pa
nama, for Manzanlllo. April 30— Stmr Colon,
ror San Francisco. ..._•-.
FALMOUTH— Sailed May U— Br shio Hougo
mont. for BIrkenhead: Ger bark Seestern. for
Queenstown. _
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May »— Br stair Brea
conahlre, for Taeoma; Br stmr Glenocle, for
LONDON— Arrived May 11— Br ship Seafarer,
hence Jan 12. Rescued crew of abandoned Nor
ship Superb, from Rio de Janeiro for Middles
borough, on AptI! 18. ,*•¦*-¦'
KOBE— Sailed May 9— Stmr Victoria, for Ta
coraa.
HILO— Arrived April 19— Schr O M Kellogr.
from Grays Harbor; schr Llzzla Vance, from
L r \HAINA— Arrived April W-Schr Jo)m A.
from Kallua. and sailed April for San Fran-
Salied April 14— Bark MeNear, for k
HONOLULU— Arrived May 1— Ship Luzon,
from New York: bark Tidal Wave, from Ta
coma: Haw bark Andrew Welch, hence April
13; «chr A J>West, from Aberdeen: Br ship M
E Watson, from Liverpool. May 2-^Jao stmr
Nippon Maru, hence April 23: schr O W Wat
son, from Port Townsend. May 3— Schr J M,
Weatherwax, from Taeoma: brig Harriet O.
hence April 13; ship Agenor. from Newcastle.
Aus; Br ship Hartech Castle, from Liverpool:
schr J M Campbell, from Taeoma. May 4— Jsp
stmr America Maru. from Yokohama; bktn
Planter, hence April 21: bktn S N Castle, hence
April 21; Haw bark Manna Ala. hence April
17. May 5— Bark Ceylon, hence April IS.
Sailed April 27— Br ship Grenada, for Port
Townsend: schr Compeer, for Port Townsend;
Br stmr Coptic, for San Francisco: bktn Ad
denda for Port Townsend: stmr Alameda. for
San FrancUco; U 3 stmr Hancock, for Manila.
April 2S— Bark St Katherine. for San Francisco:
ship TUlle E Starbuck. for New York. May 1—
Bark Sonoma, for Port Towiwnd. , May S— Jap
stmr Nlprwn Maru. for Yokohama. May 3—
Bark Mohican. . for . San Francisco. May 4-
Ship Jabez Howes, for Comox; bark Alden
Befse. for San Francisco.
Arrived May 4— Schr Corona, from Port Cam
bl KAILr A— Arrived April 2*-Schr General
Banning, from Port Gamble.
OCEAN' STEAMERS. *
HAVRE— Arrived May 11— Stmr La Bretagne.
from New York. - .
HAMBURG— Arrived May U— Stmr Fuerat
Bismarck, from News York, via Plymouth and
NEW YORK— Arrived May 11— Stmr Colum
mla. from Hamburg. . "
' GENOA— Arrived May U— Stmr Trave. from
* QCEKN^TOWS — Arrived May -11 — Stmr Lo
canla. from New York, for Liverpool.
Sailed May IX— Stmr New England, from
Liverpool, for Boston.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 11— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from Hamburg and Southampton, for
BREMEN— Sailed May 11— Stmr Saale. for
* YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 9— Stmr Br*«on
shtre from Hongkong, for Taeoma; stmr Glen
ogle, from Hongkong, for Taeoma.
KOBE— Sailed May 9— Stmr Victoria, from
Nagasaki, for San Francisco.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed May It— Stmr Au
gust* Victoria, from Hamburg, for New York,
via C!\*rbourr.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 11— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York; stmr Vancouver, from
Montreal.
Sailed May 11— Stmr Cuflc. for New York.
¦ GLASGOW— Sailed May 10— Stmr Peru via. "for
Boston: stmr State of Nebraska, for New York.
MOVILLE— Salleil May lft— Stmr Anchorta.
from Glasgow, for New York; stmr Tunisian,
from Liverpool, for Montreal.
' ROTTER DAM-Sailed May 10— Stnw Amster
dam, for New York. •
N R of Cal ta.115 — Hum S & L... — —
N R of Cal 5s. — 117 Mut 9av Bk.. 45>i —
N P C R R 6s.l0imO2«i S F Sav U... 505 —
Do 6s .*.. 108. — Sav * L Soc.. 74 7*
N Cal R R 6S.11J .— Sec Sav Bk... — —
Oak G LAH5s.H0 — Union T Co... — —
Oak Trans 6s. .11$ — Street Railroads-
Oak W Co 5s.. — 105»4 California 1HH —
Oceanic S CO..1WT4 — Geary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6s. ..1274 — Market-st Ry. «2?» «"t
PiClily 6S.104H — O S L & H.... — SO
P & O R K Is. US — Presidio I« —
Powell-st R 6s. 117 - Powder Stocks-
Sac L A G R5s — — California 160 1.0
S F & SJV Ss.118 — Giant Con Co. M% 89U
S Ry of Cal b-j.111 1 ; — Vlgorlt 3 IS
S P of A 6s.... — 114% ougar Stocks-
Do (190fi).....J05 110 Hana S P Co.. S —
Do (1906) 1UMU3 Haw C t 8 Co - JO
Do (1912) 119 — Honokaa S Co 32VJ —
Do in eg 5s.. — — Hutch S P Co..25?i 2«
S P Br 6a US^i — Kllauea S Co.. 21 21H
S V Water 6s..ll4^115>4 Makawell SCo« *»^
Do 4s — 103ii Onomea S Co.. 2S 2&K
S V W (3d m).102 — Paauhau 8 Co J1U 3l*n
Stocktn Gas tis 99 — Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pack AMn..ll7HUS^
Contra Costa.. W 70 Cal Fruit Asn. 104^105
Marin County. SO — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. 95 — Oceanic S Co.. *2 »4
Gaa & Electric— Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.. 150 —
Cent L & P.... 3H — Par Paint Co.. W —
Morning Session.
Board —
23 Contra Costa Water 70 CO
5 Giant Powder Con SS TS
5 Giant Powder Con M M
25 Giant Powder Con. cash 8S W
35 Giant Powder Con SS CO
£0 Giant Powder Con 87 J7H
K Honokaa S Co «M
600 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 .5
40 Oakland Gas Co 44 00
123 Paauhau S P Co Jl i'>M
30 Pac Gas ImD 45 25
500 Vigorit Powder Co J H%
11000 Park and Cliff House 6 per cents.... 104 80
$2000 S V 6 per cent bonds, a 10 ....: 114 75 .
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds, 2d mort 103 90 '
. i Street— *
SO Alaska Packers' Association US 00
20 Makawell S Co 4» 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Centra Costa Water Co 6) 00
10 Giant Powder Con Co SS 23
5 Giant Powder Con Co 8$ SA
5 Giant Powder Con Co 8» 75
15 Giant Powder Con Co , M fO
13 Giant Powder Con Co f,!i 83 25
10 Giant Powder Con Co S) SO
5 Giant Powder Con Co 89 37H
5 Giant Powder Con Co 89 12V»
20 Honakaa S Co 32 SO
50 Hutchinson S P Co 25 73
25 Makaweli S Co 43 23
13 S F Gas & Electrlo Co 4S 7S
20 S V Water Co 93 00
1050 Vigorit Powder Co S 00
Street—
JIO.OOO Market-st Ry 1st con 5 per cents.. 117 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
50 National O & D Co I 25
Afternoon Session.
60 National O & D Co f is
- - , t
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Ean
Francisco Stock and Exchange . Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher .10 600 Occidental 11
10O Caledonia S3 BOO Overman 14
£00 Con Cal & Va..l 50 500 Savage 13
60 Con Cal & Va..l 45 200 Segr Belcher.... 03
60 Crown Point... 09 100 Silver Hill 1$
600 Gould & Curry 14 600 Union Con 18
200 Justice 03
Afternoon Session. ,
200 Best tt Belcher 291 100 Mexican 23
S25 Con Cal & Va..l 45|1100 Occidental n
600 Gould & Curry 141 100 Potosl is
100 Hale & Norc... 27! 400 Silver Hill ' IS
The following were the sales in tha Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher ........ 10; 600 Occidental 10
100 Caledonia *4 200 Overman 14
30ft Challenge Con. 12| 180 Potosl „, w
200 Chollar 17. I0O Havare 13
800 Chollar ......... 16 500 Union Con 10
400 Con Cal & Va..l 50 200 Yellow Jacket. U
100 Con Cal & Va..I 4*
Afternoon Session.
100O Andes Ml 400 Gould A Curry 14
too Belcher 10 60O Occidental .'.... 11
S00 Best & Belcher t% 200 Ophir 47
' 200 Caledonia" ..... 8S 3W Savage 13
400 Chollar ¦ 17 200 Sierra Nevada. 2<»
30O Con Cal A Va..l 45 200 Union Con tt
600 Con Cal & V.I 424
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. ¦
FRIDAY. MAT 11— I p. m.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice 01 03
Alta 01 OSJKentuck — 01
Andes 0:. 06|Lady Wash .... — 03
Belcher .: 10 11 Mexican 23 24
Best & Belcher 2T 28 Occidental 11 12
Bullion. 02 03 Ophlr ..47 43
Caledonia 80 85;Overman 13 15
Chollar.. 17 ISiPotost 18 13
Challenge Con.. 12 14 Savage 13 14
Confidence 68 70iScorplon "— J>2
Con Cal ft Va..l 40 1 45 Seg Belcher.*.;. 01 • 03
Con Imperial..." — . 01 Sierra Nevada. 2» • 30
Con New York — C4 Silver Hill 15 is
Eureka Con ... — 'M St Loul — 12
Crown Point... 09 11 Standard. 3(3 4 00
Exchequer ..... — CSISyndtcate ..... — 05
Gould &. Curry 14 15! Union Con...... 19 20
Hale & Norc... 27 28|Utah ......". M 07
Julia ...... — C3i Yellow Jacket.. 13 1«
Continued From Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
TO SAIL.
A L Jones. Xapa
W H Nichols. Cal
J C Ells, Dayton
N A Chapman, Sacto
O T Newell Jr, Phlla
Mrs J H Parker, Cal
A C Hood & w. Cal
B R lianulng. Oakland
L Fox. Cat
J D Bl.Mle. llnnfor.1
A H '.Wright. Stockton
E K Taylor. AUmeda
T D Kins ft w, Oaklnd
HA Jonon A w. Cal
F R Hovel. M D. Cal
A Kirhan. Kim ks.
W E Cook. Eurtka
E G Furber, Cal
J P Kraber, Phoenix
Dr C A Rugate-*. Cal !
Dr W P Matthews. Cal
G Moorehea-J, Cal
G L MorrHl. . Hf ildlng
OC Williams. N J
Miss Pittock, P:tts
B L Botsford. Is Ang
C XV Helman. L Ang
II N Chesbro & w.
Seattle
W E L»wi«, Petaluma
N R Jennlng*. Uetrolt
H If Young. Sacto - r
F C Trtje. San Jose
E Schuman & w,
Guatemala
C B Harrell, Merced
W H Pattlson & fam,
Wisconsin
PALACE , HOTEL.
J Storm, Mo
T B Ellis. Redlands
J Jackson. N Y
Mrs C Brice. N T
Mi3s Brlc*. XT
Mis M K Brice. N T
C R Slmpkins, Boston
Miss Slmpkins. Boston
Miss Pierce, Boston
D W Hewitt. NY
Mrs L Davenport..Wyo
C Davenport, Wyo
L'. Davenport, Wyo
A K Barnes, Wyo '
F L Dummell. N Y
G Koppel. San J.«e
R N Hall. Stanford
T.H Lee. Stanford
D Robinson. N Y
E S Babcock & w. Cal
F Miller & w.Rlverslde
G M Ahron. N Y
H J M Ellis. Kan City
Mrs J Mcllenry. Cal
G W Todd. Los Angr
J B Wolf. N Y
H Walters & w, Nebr
J Walters, Omaha _*
J Hawthorne & w,
Boston
P- Schaefer, Lou Ang •
W Stewart. S Barbara
GRAND HOTEL-
H H Hunter & w. Cal
J J Connor. Salinas
Mis* L McDonnell. Cal
Dr N Green. Watsnvlll
E J Isham. Sacto
J W Bowen, Los Anf
E Swlnford. Colusa
Miss William*. Ohio
Miss L B Untner. N T
Miss M C Untner. N T
Mrs J A Untner. N Y
L B F Johnson. D C
C Moltzer & w. Cal
K W Westgate. Cal
O N Harris. Cal
Mis* Harris. Cal
II D Thomas Jr. N T
S R Crooks & w. Cal
L R Green. Redlands
Mrs E L Johnson, Conn
W W Breen. Cal
!G T Buell. Stockton
II E Baltln «c w. Ptld
J Pullen. Cal
I Rev J F Durdo. H I
IF G Schetfler, Japan
R Price. H I
O J Campbell. Honolu
(A R Rlcord. Hongkong
\G G Hyner. Chcago
iMiss K L nark. Hono
|W M Cutter. Mrysvllle
A Olson A w. Sacto
Mrs G H Stevenson,
Portland
Miss Stevenson. Ptlnd
J Rea & w. Cal
IP Morris. Cal
Mrs M Ogier. S Jo««
Miss A Ogter, S Jos«
Mrs C Neldenhofen.
Butte
OS Mill*. Mont
W G Mills, Mont
!O L Spauldlng. L An*
'.I Sparks. Reno
' E A Strausburg. L A
C B Bigelow it w. Cal
Miss L Miller^ N T
G XV Bush, otanford
B N Stelnway, Sacto
E W Gllmore, L An«
J W Coady. N Y
W F. Roberts, L Ann
N W Myrick. Los Ang
I> T Davis. Cal
A B Cohen. Mo
H Williams, Chicago
IE Goodman & w, Cal
Miss M Goodman. Cal
F Lindenmyer & w_
NY
Mrs J B Crosby, N T
Miss J Crosby. N Y
Mrs W J Evans, S Jose
Mrs H Curtis. S Jose
H Laub. Los Angleles
Dr J Sawyer k w, P I
E S Mullins. Pa , .
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
day in the order of occurrence as to tlm* Tha
second time column gives the second tide oi
the Jay,- the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives ta«
last tide of the day. except when there. ar« but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are tn addition to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus- sign (— ) precedes the height,
and. «hen the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* of.
reference ta the mean of the lower low water*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .• SATUKDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Shipping Intelligence.
-NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the nearly, morning tides are given In the left
hand • column and the successive tides of the
13
Sun : rises.:... T —5:02
Sun »et»....... ..7:lif
Moon «ets.. ..". ...........3:30 a. m.
12. .;.
!»....
14 ....
15 ...
w :..
Time ITIme
Ft-(— — Ft.
t/W -jH W
8:59 0.< 10:53 4.2
-4:25 0.0 11:29 4.4
5:12 -0.J 12:25 4.5
5:50— O.« 1:11 4.J
«:S2H>.I -.1:M 4.7
H w ; tt, w ¦<;->;.
. O^W ,B.« 7:15—0.8
0:54 - ».4l 8:0I(-rO.4
Time Time
X* W . H W
3:tt J.7 »:Sl t.«
4:W 2.8 10:19 S.(
4:45 2.0 19:50 S.7
5:2S 3.1 U:M j;7
«:15 3.! .....
H W L. W
J:« *.% .7:l» S.S
;3:321 ,4.» / »:U J.2
17...
18 :..
Steamer, j Destination. I Satis. 1 Pier.
Coqullle RvfGrays Harbor"*Iay 1!. I;m
Aloha ......ICape Nome....!May 12. 3 ptn Pier S
Arcata Coos Bar May 12. 12 rn Pier 13
Octavia Europe May 12. 10 am Pier J
Crescent CyfCreseent City. May 12. 3 pm
State of Cat Portland May 13. Jl am Pier 14
North Fork Humbotdt May IS, 9 am PI«r 3
Corona San Diego May 13. U am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt I May 13. : pm Pier 9
C. Nelson.. Seattle May 13. l&amlPler J
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. May H. 2 pm Pier 3
Senator .... Cape Nome.... May 14. 11am Pier IX
Newburs .. Grays Harbor May 14, 6 ptn
Bonlta Newport May 15. » am Pier II
Samoa Hamboldt May IT.. 10 am Pier 1*
Rainier .... Cape Nome.... May 15. S pm Pier 3*
Ohl^. [Cape Nome.... My 13. 2S3» pm Pier 2»>
Lut^ Cape Nome.... May ]">, 3 pm Pier 1
San Pedro.. Cape Nome.... May 15. 11 am Pier U
Alameda ... Australia May 1*. 8 pm Pier T
Queen Vic & Pet 3d. May IS. 11 anvPIrr 11
Del Norte... Oregon Ports. May 18. 10 am Pier 2*
Santa RosaJSan Dieso May IT. 11 am Pier 11
Sequoia ....Cap* Nome.... May 17. J pm Pier 1
Newport ... Panama May 1*
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May 1*. ..; .'.
Columbia .. Orefron Ports. May 1*
Pomona .... Humboldt May 1*. 2 pm Pier *
Coos Bay... Newport IMay 19. > am Pier tl
Arcata Coo» Bay May 19. 13 m Pier IS
Am. Maru. China & Japan May 19. „
Crescent Cy Crescent City. 'May 19. 3 pm
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
Steamer.
Frcm.
I Du«.
Queen [Victoria * Puget Sound'.May 13
Crixaoa ....... .(Vancouver ..'Mar 11
Samoa IU-imhol.lt .May 12
I*. Marlscal....! Mexico |May 13
Bonita Newport t ; iMay 1.1
Del Xorte 'Orejron Ports IM.iy 1.1
TUlamooJc .......iTIUamook: (May 1.1
Grace Dollar Cuayman IMay 1*
Universe ...:... Oyster Harbor |May 14
Wellington (Oyster Harbor IMay It
Columbia [Oregon Port* May 1»
Santa Rosa jSan Picso May IS
Pomona JHumboM! May IS
Washtenaw Tacoma May 1»
Cooa Bay Xewport May 1?
Walla Walla Victoria & PtJget Sound May 1?
Crescent City... Crescent City... *May 17
Mackinaw Seattle (May IT
Profreso. ; Taroma Mar 17
Arcata Oregon Ports May 17
North Forfc..... Humboldt 'May 1«
Point Arena.... Uemioctno... IMay 19
City of Pekine. China and Japan iMay !•»
Corona 33n Dlc~o IMay U
Sun : rises.:... T —5:02
Sun »et»....... ..7:lif
Moon «ets.. ..". ...........3:30 a. m.
12. .;.
!»....
14 ....
15 ...
w :..
Time ITIme
Ft-(— — Ft.
t/W -jH W
8:59 0.< 10:53 4.2
-4:25 0.0 11:29 4.4
5:12 -0.J 12:25 4.5
5:50— O.« 1:11 4.J
«:S2H>.I -.1:M 4.7
H w ; tt, w ¦<;->;.
. O^W ,B.« 7:15—0.8
0:54 - ».4l 8:0I(-rO.4
Time Time
X* W . H W
3:tt J.7 »:Sl t.«
4:W 2.8 10:19 S.(
4:45 2.0 19:50 S.7
5:2S 3.1 U:M j;7
«:15 3.! .....
H W L. W
J:« *.% .7:l» S.S
;3:321 ,4.» / »:U J.2
17...
18 :..
Steamer, j Destination. I Satis. 1 Pier.
Coqullle RvfGrays Harbor"*Iay 1!. I;m
Aloha ......ICape Nome....!May 12. 3 ptn Pier S
Arcata Coos Bar May 12. 12 rn Pier 13
Octavia Europe May 12. 10 am Pier J
Crescent CyfCreseent City. May 12. 3 pm
State of Cat Portland May 13. Jl am Pier 14
North Fork Humbotdt May IS, 9 am PI«r 3
Corona San Diego May 13. U am Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt I May 13. : pm Pier 9
C. Nelson.. Seattle May 13. l&amlPler J
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena.. May H. 2 pm Pier 3
Senator .... Cape Nome.... May 14. 11am Pier IX
Newburs .. Grays Harbor May 14, 6 ptn
Bonlta Newport May 15. » am Pier II
Samoa Hamboldt May IT.. 10 am Pier 1*
Rainier .... Cape Nome.... May 15. S pm Pier 3*
Ohl^. [Cape Nome.... My 13. 2S3» pm Pier 2»>
Lut^ Cape Nome.... May ]">, 3 pm Pier 1
San Pedro.. Cape Nome.... May 15. 11 am Pier U
Alameda ... Australia May 1*. 8 pm Pier T
Queen Vic & Pet 3d. May IS. 11 anvPIrr 11
Del Norte... Oregon Ports. May 18. 10 am Pier 2*
Santa RosaJSan Dieso May IT. 11 am Pier 11
Sequoia ....Cap* Nome.... May 17. J pm Pier 1
Newport ... Panama May 1*
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May 1*. ..; .'.
Columbia .. Orefron Ports. May 1*
Pomona .... Humboldt May 1*. 2 pm Pier *
Coos Bay... Newport IMay 19. > am Pier tl
Arcata Coo» Bay May 19. 13 m Pier IS
Am. Maru. China & Japan May 19. „
Crescent Cy Crescent City. 'May 19. 3 pm
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
Steamer.
Frcm.
I Du«.
Queen [Victoria * Puget Sound'.May 13
Crixaoa ....... .(Vancouver ..'Mar 11
Samoa IU-imhol.lt .May 12
I*. Marlscal....! Mexico |May 13
Bonita Newport t ; iMay 1.1
Del Xorte 'Orejron Ports IM.iy 1.1
TUlamooJc .......iTIUamook: (May 1.1
Grace Dollar Cuayman IMay 1*
Universe ...:... Oyster Harbor |May 14
Wellington (Oyster Harbor IMay It
Columbia [Oregon Port* May 1»
Santa Rosa jSan Picso May IS
Pomona JHumboM! May IS
Washtenaw Tacoma May 1»
Cooa Bay Xewport May 1?
Walla Walla Victoria & PtJget Sound May 1?
Crescent City... Crescent City... *May 17
Mackinaw Seattle (May IT
Profreso. ; Taroma Mar 17
Arcata Oregon Ports May 17
North Forfc..... Humboldt 'May 1«
Point Arena.... Uemioctno... IMay 19
City of Pekine. China and Japan iMay !•»
Corona 33n Dlc~o IMay U
and 23 day?
GLUCK— Jn this . city, - May ll, .. woo, ' Elizabeth
Gluck, beloved mother. of Mrs., Charles Mayer
Jr. and Herman Gluck, a native of Neunruhl,
;Baden, Germany, , aged 73 years. .
GONZALEZ— In this city. May 10. 1900. Francis,
beloved son of A..B. and JL. A. de Gonzalez,
a native of Mexico, aged 18 years %< months
C^FrlenJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to "attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents.- 1164- O'Farrell street. ' thence
'to St. Mary's Cathedral, .where a high mass
will' be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
conimencins-at 3:20 o'clock. Interment- Holy
Cross Cemetery. : •,-.-..
HENNE-In thls-clty, May 10, 1900, Franzisca,
beloved • wife ; of William Henne, mother of
Lillian and Anton Henne, and sister of Mrs.
Jolin Utschlgr and Anton Rheude, a native of
I Milwaukee, Wls., aged 49 years 4 months and
. 5 days. ¦: • ¦ .. ..',..- ..."
inyFtionds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, ¦ from her late resi-
dence, 1213 ... York street, between Twenty-
fourth and ¦ Twenty- fifth streets. Interment
'Odd Fellows" Cemetery. . _ • -. '.:.
HILLS— In this city. May 9,-1900, Jennie H.
-Hills, beloved daughter of C. E. and M. J.
Hills, and rlster of Fannie, Helen, Charlie
and George Hills, a native of California, aged
16 years 11 months and 13 days. (RocklanU
and Thomaston, Me., papers please copy.)
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:20 o'clock, from Emmanuel
Maptftt 'Church, Bartlett street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. - Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at the mortu-
ary. cha;>el of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company. .2425 Mission street, near. Twenty-
first, until 1 o'clock Sunday.
HOEV-In this city. May 9, 1900. Lawrence, be-
¦ loved son of the late Thomas and Eliea Hoey,
and brother of John A.,- Joseph, Kate and
Jennie Hoey. Mrs. Jeremiah McCarthy and
the late Thomas Hoey. a native of New York,
oged 44 years. (New York papers please
copy.)
K> Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
¦ dence. 413 Harriet street, thence to St. Rose's
¦• Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery." .
KEEFE— In this city. .May 11, 1900. Mary Keefe,
a native of. County Kilkenny, .Ireland.
CNotlte of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the narlors of the United Undertakers, 27
and S3 Fifth street.
KELLY— In this city. May 1L 1900. at hi a resi-
dence. 355 Hayes street, Thomas W., beloved
husband of Aggie "Kelly, and son of Mrs.
Mary J. and the late James Kelly, a native
of Virginia City, Nev,, aged 27 » years 7
months and 5 days. A member of Prosperity
Ixidge No. 303, A. O. U.W.; Portola Council
No. 470, Y. M. I., and Aerle-No. 5. Fraternal
Order of Eagles. (Virginia City papers please
copy.)
LA VALLEE— In this city. May 1L 1900. Laetl-
' tla LaVallee. dearly beloved daughter of Em-
ery and Wilhelmina La Vallee, and sister of
Emer}' Jr., Clara and Lucienne La Vallee, a
native of San Francisco, aged 3 years 11
months and 2 days.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from, the' residence of
her parents, S12H Valencia street, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth. Interment .Holy
• Cross Cemetery. ¥ by electric car from
¦ Eighteenth and Guerrero streats.
LONG— In Newark, N. J:. May ?, 1900. Medora
Allen Long, widow of the late 8. H. Long,
' and sister of Mrs. Kate M. Stoney of San
Francisco, a native of New York City, aged 56
years, 1
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. May 10, 1900,
James, beloved husband of Margaret Mo-
Laughlln, and father of John H. McLaugh-
lln. a native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged
76 years. ' '
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his Iat6 resi-
dence, 1513 Ellis street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a solemn requiem mans will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
- menclng at 9:3) o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. ' . ¦
MACPHERSON— In this city. May 10, 1900,
Elisabeth Macpherson, sister of Mrs. H. Rey-
nolds, Mrs. E- Brelg, Mrs. L. Sims, Mrs. W.
Krrlson and Frederick, Edward and George
Marks, a native of San Francisco, ared 33
years. • •. '
|pr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tha funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. Cremation
Odd Follows' Cemetery. ¦ *¦ •'
MEAGHER— In San Rafael, May 9. "1900, Agnes
Lillian, beloved daughter of James F. and
Julia A. Meagher, and sister of Alice G. and
Thomas J. Meagher, a. native of San Fran-
cisco. ¦
CXFrlends are respectfully ; Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at
S:*0 o'clock, from the residence of her parents,
344S Eighteenth street, thence to Mission Do-
lores Ctiurch, where a solemn requiem mass
will b" celebrated for the reuose of h«r soul,
commencing at * o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. -
MELVIN— In East Oakland, May 11, 1900,
Sarah Amanda, widow of -the Jate Dr. S. H.
Melvin, and mother of the late S. 8. and
W P- Melvin and James B., Charles 8. and
Henry A. Melvin and Mrs. A. A. Dewing, a
native of Cadiz, Ohio, aged 66 years 1 month
and 11 days. .
' (E7"Funeral" to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 279 East
Twelfth street, East Oakland. Interment pri-
vate. '
OLSEN— In San' Lorenzo, May 11, 1900, Anna,
d?arly beloved wlfa of Peter Olsen. and
mother of William. John. Andrew, Mary.
Alvina and the late Amelia Olsen, aged 76
years 8 months and 19 days.
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
OLSON— In the City and County Hospital. May
11, 1900. Henry Olson, a native of Norway,
a zed 37 years.
SCHUMACHER— In this city. .May 10, 1900,
Ernst August, dearly beloved husband of
Frlda Schumacher, and father of Llbble and
Clarence Schumacher, a native of (Tuxhaven,
Germany, Rged 45 years 7 months and 10 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, ¦ 20 Hill street, near Valencia. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SMITH— In San Rafael, May 8, 1900, Annie M.,
beloved daughter of James and Annie Smith,
and sister of Margaret, James, Martha and
the late Mary Smith, a native of San Rafael,
aged 25 years and 5 months.
ICrFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), from the home of her parents,
thence to St. Raphael's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TOBIN— In thl* city. May 10, 1900, at his resi-
dence, 764 O'Farrell street, R. C. Tobin, be-
loved husband of . Mary B. Tobln, father of
Ethel, Alfred A. and the late R. C. Tobln Jr.,
and stepfather of Julia C. Gately, a native of
County TIpperary, Ireland, aged 61 years and
" gy The '-funeral will ¦ take place this day
(Saturday), from his late residence, 764 O'Far-
rell street, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reoose of his soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private. Kindly omit
flowers. • ¦ ,: m
WEGLEIN— In this city. May 10*1500, John J.,
beloved husband of Rica Wegleln, father of
Hazel and John Weglein, and brother of nave
Wegleln and Mrs.'- Adeline Thurnauer of New
York and Mrn. -Julius. Hlnes of Baltimore, a
native of Baltimore, aged 66 years and 6
. months. (New York . and Baltimore papers
please copy.)
lOTriends art respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at' 9:45
o'clock, from his late residence, 2204 Califor-
nia street, thence to Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by special train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 11:15 o'clock. Cremation private.
Thomas Kelly to Delia Kelly, lot on E line of
Adeline street, 52 N of Fourteenth, N 25 by E
100. block E8S, Oakland; sift. ' .,
Ucrnhardt Fischer to Ida Fischer. Jot on S
line of Addison street. 120 W of Byron. S 140.S7.
W 20. N 140.73. K 30 to beginning, being lot 4,
block E, Bryant Tract, Berkeley: gift.
.Rosa M. Shattuck (executrix estate of F. K.
Shattuck) to Jamea Monson, lot on N line of
Stuart street. 1S5 E of Grove. K 40 by N 123.65,
being lot 28. block 17, Shattuck Tract Map i.
Berkeley; $10.
George D. and Fannie H. Rhorrer to Emily J.
Oxley, lot on W line of Grove street. 52' N of i
Parker, N 52. W 1S4.94, S 51.88. E 121.12 to be-
ginning, being- lot 12. block K. Crystal Spring
Tract, Berkeley; flO.
Hcmeetead Loan Association of Berkeley to
Frances O. Scott (wife of. Hugh), lot on N line
cf Blake street. 50 \V of Ellsworth. XV 50 by N
135, beine lot 23. .block 14 54, Blake Tract Maps 1
and 2. Berkeley: $3000.
iiusan K. Hobaon ¦ (by George D. Gray, con-
stable) to O&cnr G. Heaton, lots 3 and 4, block
ft. Map of Fitchburg Homestead Lots, Brooklyn
Township; |89.
Oscar a. and Viola F. Heaton to Nathan
Hurt, same; {10.
H. XV. Norman to Minnie Norman, undivided
half Interest In lots 7, 8, 9, 10, 19 and 20* Fruit -
vale Cottage Home Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$10.
Kittle G. R.- Hines (widow) to Virginia G.
Simpson. lot 13 on E half of block P, lands ad-
jacent to Encinal. Alameda; $10.
Clarlnda and Allen B. Shearer to Virginia
Frost, lot 17,. Knox Park, Oakland; $10.
Central Land Company (corporation) to J. II.
Simpson, lot on NW corner of Grove and Brock-
hurst streets. W 560.65, N 101.35, E 434.07, S 67.79,
E 117.10, S 32.63 to beginning, .being portion of
block F of Lands of Central Land Company,
Oakland; $10.
Frederick M. Farwell to George XV. Farwell,
lot on S line of Eighth street. 75 E of Franklin.
S 100 -by E 44, beins lot 9 and 19 feet of W
portion of lot 10, block 7$. Oakland; also lot 11
and a strip of land 100 feet long off K portion
of !ct 10, block 78. Oakland (subject to a mort-
gage for $2000) ; $1000.
Irc A. and Charlotte A. Vaughan.to Mary A.
Stanley, lot on SE corner of Taylor and Willow
streets, E SO. by S 27, being portion' of lot 10,
block 697, Casserly Tract. Oakland: $10.
Carlos P. Griffin (single) to Bernard McGIn-
nis, lot on NE line of East Fifteenth street, 100
SV1 of Eleventh avenue, SE 50 by NE 100, block
87, Clinton, East Oakland: $10.
S. L. Graf to J. H. W.' RUey. lot on N line of
old county road No. 70S, 40.42 W of Feralta
avenue, N 121.7! by W 25. being portion of lots
8 and 9. block A, Fruitvale Electric Road Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $250.
San Francisco Savings Union to Mary J.
Rourke (widow), lot on W line of Sherman
street,' 175 S of Railroad avenue, S 50 by W 150,
being lota 16 ana 17. block 28, Mary A. Fitch
Homestead. Alameda; $1450.
William L. Jr. and Carrie "W. Prather to E.
S. Angel, lot on S line of Knox avenue, 771.SS5
W of Telegraph. S 169.43, W 40. N 175.75. E 40.68.
to beginning, being the W 30 feet of lot 20 and
E 10 feet of lot 21. Knox Park. Oakland; $10.
Ernest S.. and Margaret Angel, to John E.
Dean, same: $10.
Ella and T. A. Potts to Terrence J. and Mary
E. Hughes, lot on N line of Falrvlew street,
124.45 E of Telegraph avenue, E 45 by N 88.17,
being lot 16. Moller Tract, Oakland: $700.
Johanna M. and Charles XV. Gordon. to Ru-
dolph Elchler, lot on S line of Kllnkner avenue,
959:10 E of Sun Pablo. S 69, E 231.72. W 224 to
beginning, being lots 16 and 17 on Map of
Property of William O'Nell, Oakland; $10.
Mary K. Dewing to William McParland. lot
on E line of Tenth street. 145 N of Villa ave-
nue. E 100 by N 25, being lot 9. block 3, Re-
vised Map Ban Pablo-avenue Villa Tract, Oak-
land: $10.
Berkeley I^and and Town Improvement Asso-
ciation, Northern Railway Company et al. (by
Jeremiah Tyrrel. Sheriff.) to Anna Madlgan
(wife of John), lot 16, block 60. Tract B, Berke-
ley Land and Town Association, Berkeley; $25.
B. Ke-lsey to Pacific Pine Lumber Company,
lots 25 to 30, block C, Champion Tract, Brook-
lyn Township; quitclaim deed: $50.
George Trlmlngham to H. F. Weston. lot 38
en Map of Roberts' Addition to Town of Irv-
lngton. subject to right • of way. Washington
Township: $5. - - ¦
Charles F. and Fannie L. Rchlener to Lucy H.
Anderson (wife of William II.), lot on S line of
Stanley street. 2C0.7 E of Grove. E 40. 8 103.53.
W 40, N -103.13 to beginning, being lot 5, block
8, McKee Tract, Oakland; $10.
• Henry and Jeanle D. East -to Irvln D. Martin,
lot on SW corner of Hamilton place, 210.35 NTW
of Oakland avenue, NW 15 by. SW 90, portion
lot 30, Hamilton Tract, Oakland; $10.
Albert M. and Adeline Salinger to Albert
BIstorlous, lot on N line of Seventeenth street,
70 E of Castro, E 34 by N 100, block 2S1, Oak-
land; $10.
Charles R. and Llllie T. T.ites to A. Mile*
Taylor, lot on NW corner of Thirty-first street
and Telegraph avenue, W 132.73. N 100, E 134.
S 100 to beginning, being lot 1 and portion lot
2, block 2036, • Rowland Tract, Oakland; $10.
Sarah Jane de la Monta'nya (widow) and
Sarah Jane de la Montanya (daughter) to James
de la Montanya (son), all Interest In lot on
NW corner of Willow and Seventh^ streets (or
railroad avenue). W 141:10% by N 208:9. block
625, Map of Gibbons property at Oakland Point,
Oakland; $10. t '
N. A. Jones to Mrs. M. A. Jones, lot 62, In
plat 1. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland
Township: $41.
Anson S. Blake and F. XV. Bllger to Cora
E ¦ Ruegles ' subdivisions 1, 2 and 3 of lot 6,
block 16, Daley's Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley;
$10. -
Arthur H. and Agnes B. St. John to Charles
R. Allen lot on W line of Walnut street, 154:8
N>of Vine street. N &0 by W 120. being the N
23:4 feet of lot 35 and S 24:8 feet of lot 34, block
4, on man of re3ubdlvlsion ot blocks 3 and 4,
Antlsell Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Herman and Anna Cook to Adella Pettlgrove
(wife Of. J.) lot 32, map of subdivision of Frank
Sllva Tract. Elmhurst; also lot 33, map of
Silva Tract: $10. :-.•-.• . _ . ••
James de la Montanya and Sarah Jane de la
Montanya to Sarah Jane de la Montanya. all
Interest In lot on SW line of Santa Clara ave-
nue, S6 NW of Park street, NW 42.43. SW 114.70.
SE 128-4 NE 78. NW to most W corner of lands
of. Adolph Schrceder. thence NE 37 to begin-
ning. Alameda: $10. -'_¦ '•: '' —
Elizabeth O. Ferine to Katherlne G. and Mar-
garet L. Perlne. lot beginning at a point 75
from W line of Oak street, thence W 25 paral-
lel with N line of Fifth street. N 30, E 23 S
30 feet to beginning, being N 30 feet of lot 23,
block in. Oakland: gift. ¦ „ ¦
Jesse L Wetmore to Blanche I. Sherman. lot
beginning at a point 103 E from a point formed
bv the intersection of Jefferson . and Eleventh
streets being the S corner of said streets, S
100 by E 33. block 146. Oakland ; gift.
R O and Mary Gray to Ella E. Grenman.
lot on N line of Stuart street. 120 E of Lowell.
E 40 by N 135. boln» lot 27, block 31. of Smith's
subdivision of Mathewn Tract, Berkeley; $10.
John J. Stewart to Kate E. Stewart, lot on
E line of Chestnut street. R0 S ot Thirty-fourth.
S 40 by E 128:3. being the S 20 ft of lot 6 and
N 20 f t ' of lot 5, , block 675. Watts Tract, Oak-
a Lester A: Felton to Lena and Henry Rosen-
atraueh" lot on W line of Market street, 126 S
of Twenty-fourth.- S 25 by W-125,'. being, lot 1",
block 638, Map of Market St., Lots, Oak-
tJnion Savings Bank to-Lenora M. Harrison,
lots 3. 4 and 5, block . 2108. Alden Tract, at
Temescal. Oakland; $10. .-_ i/VJ,
H. C. and Carrie : . B. Dexter to Frank Le-
vasler lot on W line of Center street, 179 8
of Sixteenth. S 23 by W 75. being lot 6. block
5S1. Map of.Peralta and Center st. lands, Oak-
Frank Spender f single) to Lophemia Spencer
(single), subdivision of lot 8, block 801, Watts
Tract Map 2, Oakland; <IO.
Nannie I^itimer, (widow) to Carolina Gadsden
(wife -of Charles Gadsden). lot on N line of
Forty-sixth etreet. X40E of_West. ¦ E_60 by N
ICO.- being -block 2112. Alden Tract at Temeacal,
Oakland: $1". •' - , " , ' _ , «
Union Savings Bank ¦ to Archie L. Larrleu.
lot on N line of Wilder. street. 354 W of Baker,
W 50 by N< 147.84, being lots 3 and .4. Mountain
View Tract, being portion of.Dohr Tract, Oak-
land Township. ¦• quitclaim deed : ' $10. . . - V.v
Peubin W. and Florence Roble to Sigmund
Stern, lots 4 and 6. . block D, Percy Tract.
Julfus and Bertha Leeman to John U. Oberg.
lots 5 and 6,' block E. " Suburban Tract, with
certain exceptions, Berkeley: $10. '-; _• _ -
: F A' "and Mae Loi<h;to Joseph J. Richards,
lot on W line of Willow street, ISO N of Eagle
avenue N 30 by W J3S:4. block 13, lands ad-
jacent to Encinal. Alameda: $10.v ---~\ r ..1 -
. ? Joseph J.. Richards to Amalle Richards, same,
"¦Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Caroline
B Duncan lot on S line of Pacific avenue. 120.
XV ¦ of Walnut street. ¦ W ; 40 bv • 3 150. being the
AV "0 ft of- lot 12 and E 20 ft of- lot; 13." block
"4 ! fands adjacent' to En<*lnal." Alameda: $1600.
E L Reese to Mary/r." Miller, lot on XV. line
of Third avenue," 122 'S- of: Raliroad. avenue. ,S
115 by W 139.30. - being lots 11 and 12, map ; of
property «>t Victor Ruthart. Alameda: $10.
¦^ Johan -Hans* n ; to" Manuel ¦ R.~: da ¦ Costa, one
acre ¦ beginning en tho 8 line of East street at
NW" corner .of » two-acre tract of Hansen, by
defld of October 9.' 1SS4. thence SW 4.22 chains,
SE 2 37 chains. NE 4.22 chains.- NW 2.37 chalna
to beginning.- Eden Township: $2ftO.=
Edward "Collins to Ernest Vt. Warren, lot on
• N line of Todd street. SO E of Baker. E 75 by N
13"» ¦ being the 13 40 feet of lot 10 and W 33 feet
of lot 11 block F. amended map of J. W. Craw-
ford Tract/Oakland; $10. .;.-.: - ..- '..•> - f ¦.¦-- ¦¦::-¦_
. : Union Savings ; Bank • to Lucy A. Gallsgher.,
lotcn AV line of I/lnden street. 169; S of Third,
S 25 by AVM32/ being lot 3(5,: block 443,* on map of
Adeline and Market-street Homestead. Oakland;
$10.- -f-.'~ '-K •¦•¦"« ¦-' ' ¦-¦¦-'• ¦ '"-¦¦' >
¦•XV^.O". Scott to G. 1 L.'Fitx, lot tS.". block 11, and
lot 7." block' 12. .Herzog: Tract. Berkeley; $1. ;
¦ ' Marie "Hillegajs (widow) • to Charles . M. > and
Lillian E.. Cole.r.lot 10, block F, Hlllegass
Tract, map 2, J Berkeley; $10.
Alameda County.
line. of .Thirtieth. avenue. 150 NW-of I street,
NW 223 by NE 100, block 530, Bay View Home-
stead: $475. •
•Alfred R!j? to Annie M. Tuite, lot on SE
corner of Pine and Powell streets. : E 49:6 by S
60; $12,000. . . -¦--•-
Edward -A. and Gertrude H. P. J. Noltlng
to Hugo K. Ashcr, lot on,W line of Twenty-
second street, 100 S of Lake. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Myra A:,.F. W., J. B. t - G.D. and F. A.
Greenwood to Daniel L. Fitzserald, lot on W
line of Third avenue, 13S N of Clement street.
N 12 by \V-S3; $10. -
- Olive Verkouteren to John B. and Margaret
Callteux.. lot on W line of Hnlyoke street, 100
N of Hurrow, N 60 by W 120, block W, Railroad
Avenue Homestead; $10. ..".•¦•,
Henry F. Jr. and Clara II. Blanchet to Rosa
Gnecco.lot on NE line of San Bruno avenue,
S0:6*i NW of Salinas. NW 61:l>4. E 141:6, S 50.
W 10S:3, block 6. Garden. Tract Homestead; $10.
I>ouis and Henrietta Litzius to W.W.; Davis,
lot 1. block 6, lot -6. block 25.. lots 12 and 13.
block 12, Paul Tract Homestead Association;
$10. " „ • -- ¦'¦
Jones. Allen & Co. to Herbert D. Taft. lot
44. block 68, Silver Heights: also lot 5, block 101.
University Mound Homestead: $200.
Joseph Jr. and Mary Sateder and Edward L.
and Mary Cutten to Jake Rosenberg, lot on NE
cornprof Felton and Almherst streets. N 100
by E 120, block S2, University Mound; $10.
-•JolinK.cand = Johanna A., Kugail to Mary
Arata, lot;on«N?llnp of Pacific street, 162:1**
XV.. of Pansome,' W- 40:4>*, N : S7:S, E • 65, ; 8 j 40.
W s 24 :V,ir- B • 57:6: also : lot on , N 7 line ot Pacific
street, 137:6 -E" of.* Montgomery, ' E 52:«!'by'N
137:8; $10.. ¦¦-¦¦ ¦¦ ¦¦-¦-.¦"¦¦ - '..--"¦ *" ¦-, > • :," ¦ ¦ - '
W.iW.. and Rebecca E. Davis to. William H.
Cureton,*?ame; J10. ¦¦•¦ » .*..,.-¦.:
, • J. P.". Bradford , to John McAleer,'; lot on ; NE
¦ ¦ James L. and. Grace A. Gould to Brainard N
Rowley. 1642 d 9, lot on E. line of Broderiek
street, 78:6 S of McAllister, E 75 : by vs 29:3
and all such land adjoining above piece upon
which stands house No.TlS, quitclaim deed- $5
Brainard N.- and Mary E. - Rowley, to James
L. Gould, all such property in above deed as
is set ' on lot -Si.", from line 'parallel! with S
line < of 1 McAllister street, and distant • 10S-2
therefrom, quitclaim deed; $*. ,-¦ .. • .'
Same to Samuel E. Knowles. lot on B line
of Bi-oderlck street, ;7S:6S of McAllister. E 75
by S 29:8; $10. ":•-'- ; ¦ . , , <
' Edward' J.; Kerrlush and Helena T. McShane
to Robert Rossbach. lot on s line ot Twentieth
street. 100 W. of Guerrero. W 25 by B 114; $175O' .
William and Mary Wolfsohn to same,' same*
$300. ¦ : - :¦: •¦•¦ "=• '¦ " - :- . / ; •
First German Baptist Church to Charles
Ptrlewjikl.' lot' on Wllne of Dehon street, 75 N
of Seventeenth. W 28:9 by. N 68; $523. t
• Albert <:.: Guy -to^; Frank J.; and Nellie C.
Pplalne. > lot on ;1S ¦: line of Harrison • street. ' 135
S-of Twenty-third. -S 30, byiV/^lOO; $10.
i William and :Jennle;Helbln« to American
Surety i <:ompany -of New -York, lot* on W line
of . Folsom street; 110 S of Twenty-third.' S 30
by W 122:6; also lot on: E line of Treat avenue,
80 S of Twenty-third street. S 24 by E 100; $10. -
¦¦ Security, Loan to' John E;- Morl-
arty. lot , on ¦ S line of ¦Twenty-fifth street 145
E of, Fountain,' E 25 by S 120; $10.
BEAX, ESTATE THANSACTIONa
Arthur Galvin to Susie A. Galvin, undivided
three eighths of lot on W line of Webster etreet,
104:« N of Grove, N S3 by W 82:6; gift.
Robert Richards to same, undivided one third
of lot on S lin* of 6utter street, 87:6 E of Scott.
E 25 by S 137:6: $10. ' ¦-•*•: ¦¦¦ ¦•
. Eleanor • 8. ' Brodie" (by Murray F. Vandall
commissioner) to Charles H, Bell, lot on N line
of Clay street. 138:9 E of Devlsadero, E 28:9 by
N 127:»Vi: M331.' : - 4 ' ¦
James GallaBher to Ellen Gallagher, lot on E
line of Broderlck street, 87:6 S of Turk, 8 25 by
E 100; gift. •¦ -- - ¦ - ¦<¦¦¦¦•
Mary C. Reilly to Fannie L. Weldon. lot on E
line of Baker street, 102 :8'4 N of Washington
N 2i by E 112:6; 810.
Frederick B.; and SIgne M.'.Hultlng to Jacob
A. fjchitllns,"lot on S line of Fifteenth street
16 W of Church, W 25 by S 100; $10.
- Hiram T.and Leroy T.- Hutchlnson' Mary H
Slbley; Mary K. Miller, John H. Tracy Char-
lotte K.' Morgan, Ellen 'N. Cook and Adelaide
Phelps to Johan B. and, Ellen P. Relte, lot on
8E corner of Filbert and Pierte streets. E S"-fi
by S 120; $2500. . ¦ \- . , ¦ - . . .. ¦.:.,-. I , .
PEUSOXALS. !
CUXTBIC tts£t» | j
h»i«l. ii Tc'.rd st.. near Market: l£0 rooms; |
C(C to 11 £* t<er night: $1 50 to SS per wtek;
tree 'b-jg ttr.d tmggagc to >B^ trom the ferry. ,
iAST-O!T ••.otl.trB. ti!d goM and silver bought:
tend |x<tal. COLEMAN'S. &C< Kearny ft.
ETAMUERINa corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
1IOUN. A.M.. Ph.D.. ms Linden st.. Oakland.
IK you wish ruJI value rcr yo\ir cast-off cloth-
tng c«:i on It. Cohen. 1S7 Third: tel. Black 41*J. j
ALASKA tur rarmen:?. hood*, mius. leather i
¦•oats. II. M. HHINEMAN. 13> famine st. J
PIIOTOGRArillC Sl'rTLIES. 7 1
K loan kodak* free; photo vupp'ies: Backus j
»ta<i!a 11 Ge^ry st.. ground floor. ¦.'-' - 1
PHYSICIANS AXD SIRGEOXS.
r»R. C. <L O - CONN ELL— Offlc* Tnd residence.
1K1V4 1'^rket «t.. bet. 8lxth and Seventh.
PHTtONIO diseases treated; cures guaranteed.
BDtt. GORDIN. Sanitarium. £14 Pine ft.
l:n. STYAN'S Khtumttim Cure. $1: free to
p.-»..-r every VTrti <»*d«y. « Geary st.
REAL K5TATE C1TV FOR SALE.
THOS. MAGEE & FONsT~ ;
» Mcr.tron-.ery Street, j
CHRAP PARK PANHANDLE LOTS.
A northwest comer: W:1S by 100; both streets |
bltuir.lnized: < nrr.ot be beat for run and choice 1
location ; ?*• !ng the r»rk panhandle ar.d on the {
Feil-BL boulevard. '
Tbree Cne lots en the ncrth elfie of Tell sj..
facing Golden Gcte rark; cheap. '
Corner en Hayes st.. r.rar park panhanile ¦
and Fell-Et. boulevard; 25 by lOZ.Vi; very cheap. |
TIIOS. MAGF.E & FONS.
6 Moatgomery st. '
POLK and BP.OADWAT. NE. COP.NEni; lot j
1C1:6xC!;3. with two houses; corner 44 feet I
vacmntj E"wd ji'.ace f^<r stire ar.d fats.
Mission, bet. 17th ar.d ltth; neat 2-*tory bay- j
window boose, S room and bsth: already bi)5l- j
ness' rrnr^ny; ehculJ be raited and a future 1
put below -t; good location frr a doctor, masl- J
clan, ilr-?fF:r.aJifT, etc.: cheap.
Ijcxi:->ci<>n a-, e. (formerly Stovenson St.), be- j
tween IWh and TOth; neat hcuse. « rooms and
bath: cn!y rt350; pnod neiphbrrhood. Apply to j
O. B. CAPP A CO.. real estate asents. 633 j
Manet «,t. . ¦ i
" i OF the choicest lots In Richmond offered very i
cheap; XV. e:<ie lltli ave.. bet. Clement and j
Point Lobos aves.; iook at there lots If y.yu j
»ant to ret a home In a nice location; only j
$"t» each; CJrliO; all street work done; elec-
tric cars paro on Clement; I c»n mrke ar- 1
nnp'raMit* for easy payments. W. J. GCNN, J
E3<> California at. ;
IF you have property north of the Park, or j
Homer's Addition and the Mission, that you |
• act to dispose of. then call on W. J. 1
GVNN. EJ3 California •t : j
ONLY cne left— Elegant new modern residence, j
situated en the east eide of Hyde 6t.. bet. j
Clay and Washington: contains 9 rooms and .
bath, wiih a!l tsodern conver.iences: neigh-
borhood f.ret class; only ten minutes' ride |
from Market and Kearny «ts.; terms easy;
fcoupe ooen. j
FOR *a!e— A cheap horne, consisting of a nice
comfortable *-roomed cottage, nearly new,
hlffh basement, nice garden, chicken yards
and chickens; ca!f a block from cars. Inquire
grocery store, opposite Fail-mount School.
*~>NE irt for sale; £5x£5 feet; south side ef
Stevenson St.. between 9th and 10th; price
J24*>. Inquire 420 Ellis, la offlce.
SACR1FICK tale cf 4 lots; comer Carltal ave.
ajii Ocean boulevard road, near Ingleslde
mretrark and coureing park: cars pass prop-
erty; must be sold before Tuesday; owner
govf to Alaska; almost any effer accepted.
J. B. MARSHALL. 24 Eddy ft. I
cnNVETTiCTT rt.— House of J fiats for eale
<hear Apply at 127 Arlington et.
OFFER vanted-I^<t 24:?xlK feet on west line
of Castro st., bef«een Eighteenth and Nine-
t<wRth: bastnen block. Apply A. U. EPECK
& CO- t£T &laxket st.
F'^R sale at a blc sacrifice — Income (IS per
month : business rroperty; Howard et.. bet.
4;h snd Sth. Apply Bew Drug Co.. Alameda,
WANTED— At one?; Improved income city
pr^prrty; J1SC0- tn $V>(y»; for ca«h. at SPECK
a- CCS. 6CT Market «. j
MOUEnx tiouses and fiats built at lowest i
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all !
huilding work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission st.
SNAP for people moderate means; house of 2
fiata. 4 rooms and beth each: Jones St.: rent
S2-> nsor.ih: no agents; SZiV). Inquire 80SA ICth.
LOT Wflxl'* on Price st. and Second ave. in
the Castle Tract. Inquire at 1841 Mission st.
POM— COTTAGE: £ rooms; barn; fine view;
r»e«r Hyde and I»mb«rd «ts. Box 444. Call.
REAL, ESTATE — COCATRV — Pur Sale
TKE E«rarto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country ehoa'.d be looked after at once, as this :
It the time vl the year to arrange for tree and
\lne planting; fanes rar.se in size from 19. to
<9 tcres and now eold to indue* Immediate •
action at low prices and easy terras; home-
retkers will never regret securing cne cf these
homes: co malaria, no frosts; products earll-
e«t tn market; good society.. good schools (ln-
cludir.s :..t;h FchocD; macadamized roads; I
railroad trains dally from San Francisco;
water fcr irrigation when desired; superior to
Southern Califcrr.ia for ralslnr *.1I kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the tuaerior soils and alt other advan-
tages named, will be sold at prices far bejow
these asked !n localities hitherto considered
inapproachable In excellence; there Is no mere
•r.depeadect life than the small diversified
farmer's ; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and ere paying annu-
ally as much as $100 per acre; you can leave
Esa Francisco en 8 a. rn. train, have S or 4
kours at Eecarto, and back to Ean Francisco
««r!y the seine eve-'ng; you will find an agent
at Hctel Barnes. Eeparto. to ehow you th«
lands. CcTr.mur.icate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
A BAP-GAIN— Must be sold: 22 acres; Scnoma
mnnry. •* minutes' walk from Sonoma City;
til in vines, fruit and grain: rood stone house,
• roon;s: large matte and barn; windmill. |
tank ar.'i a!l farming Implement!"; county road
or. all four sides; a'.! well fenced and in first-
riass r-ondition. Fr>r particulars apply M.
¦_2 <: !2?1L*L 5.5^-1' f ' S GouKh ft - San Francisco.
$27i*— DKSIRABLE country home; 29 acre*
• hoi^est fru:t !an<5; 1VO almond and 50 select
Iran tree*. Mo « ya.rr oH: new hard-finished
residence; fcarn and other iMiH.-lir.gs; excellent '
well of water; r.ew windmill: rood school- de-
si raMe neighborhood: by rail l»j hours from
S. F. App^y C2 Sun Pablo ave., Oakland.
f37SO— S ACRES sandy loam; al! In fell bearing
•etnrted fruit; 1-4 rtory. 7-room house and 1
t-aseraent; srtodndfl. tank, fruithouse; chicken
l-.ouses, ir.cubn.tor, brooder. hor»e, hameiis,
fc'igg^'. flow, fcarrcw, cultivator, small tools.
crop; el! gf> w;th the plac: 10 mlnute« - walk
froai poteffice. GEO. C. TOL'NG. Petaluma.
ACCCIIATE personal knowledge— each of the
tOOO rarefces on my PaLE AND EXCHANGE
»»«. H. D. EICB'ELS— the LAND AGENT-
10 Geary et
ALTA PL'MA Tract. Ban Pablo ave.. S miles
ric:-?h of berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad—
Vaiiey Ian4 by th« acre. Jl*> to 1200. Call for
mars. etc.. en G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. st.
MILLA'aRey; house ar.d lot cheap: on account
ef gepartvre. Box CO. Call office.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
.ROPS faBtr l«ts— WxlOO. $300. or larger p!ec*3
In proportion; San Rafael water syttem; fine
view; rprlRkled roads; I minutes' walk from
net 1 .- station cf Kent, 19 minutes from Ross
ftatlon; flier and all uains nt"p at these sta-
t ionm. Apply P. RoFP, Kent Etatlon. or C. H.
II Market et.. Pan Franclseoi.
ROOHS FOIt HOUSEKEEPING.
CLAT, 1421. n*ar Ffllmpre— J- large unfurnished
rcotn*; yar<J; wtter; rear; rent $7.
rDI;T, ill— Pleasant, funny, connecting hou«e-
keep'.rx rooms; eplenild location; pri%-ate res.
ELJ-IF. :•;%— 2 rur.ry hourekeeplng rooms, well |
rtrrBisbed: ijlestant; ccnvenlent; a!*o cthw
eiesant rocnis.
HOWARX*. Kl^a — Sanny furnished rowis: also
housekeer>!n»r: rest cheap.
HOWARD. SM-Larre parlors. Vi 50 week:
•uUpj;, tlO m%.<- complete for housekeeping.
KEAEXT. 2T3. near Eutteir — A front «uite. $11;
«a#. Jtnitor «nl» free. -Apply 15 Grant ave.
IIQWAnp, M» -Funny roctn. with kitchen. It.
HVTJE, id -Nicely furnished back parlor, with !
Funny kitchen, gas etove; {IE. j
LI>"VVIS, IS, "ff Teyirr. near Post — J unfurnished
punry from room?; $10.
MAjJIvET, IKi—t rocmF, furnished for house-
keeping, tit; S unfurnished. JC.
MAItKET, jr.ss. rear City Hall— Three sunny
jront roo«n»; water, rsnre: tii; 3 rooms, tit.
NCK. ISTr— CempU ;e housckeeplr-c; 2 sunny bay-
v,i:iJow vctiirt; '»3l or jjes *tove; bath; |12.
OAK, M—Nl** Minnv furnished %nd unfurnished
roon:s for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA. UCZ. vorin-r Oeary— Sunuy furnished I :
roniti; 'r.astel; kitchen; «.-on-ip'tte for hcuse- ' '
i-.c'-pinj: ??^__ • •
O'FARREI-L, 7C-2 r.iceljr furnished house- '
keepitifi rooms: pari^r floor. *1S. J?0.
E> ."OTT, JC14 — First C->or of 3 unfurnished rooms;
tof.th, garden, laundry; adults only;-t!S; va- ,
cant June. l. '
fc^OTT. 1T23— Three «nrurn!*hed housekeepinff .
roonrs; «se of bath: fS or <1O mnnth.
KtlOTV/EI^L. Ill— 2 or 2 minay connecting .
n-i'itni" complete for housekeeping; cas and
»;«»h. '¦'---¦¦ '
CTEYENKpN, CC1— Two sunny dean furnished i
fc.ufctkeex'lr.s rocait; also cellar ami yard. (
HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXO.
STEVENSON. ««, bet. Seventh and Eighth—
Furnished housekeeping rooms : bath; central.
TENTH, .I3&— Large front room for housekeep-
ing.
TURK, s:;— Two front rooms; housekeeping;
, rent reasonable.
j WASHINGTON. . 1003. cor! Powell-^ sunny
I rooms fcr housekeeiilng; running water; use
¦ of fciith.
: CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 FiUmore.
i a BRANCH' of flee for Call advertisement* and
1 <ubs: rij ticr.s has been established at i*i* Va-
j J»rr1a *t. .
j HOO3IS T4» LET— i'nrn. and Unlnrn.
I A-B1UNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Blxth-Rooms
I I5c to Sl.jwr night; $12* to Ti per week, and
!ieht housekeeping; open all night.
A-"THE ELMER HOUSE." S24 Bush St.. ad-
join'.r.R the Rugs Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
AT K7 Howard-Changed hands: respectable;
ne«v2y renovated; single, double and house-
keeping rooms: $1 ud.
BI'R.VETtT 1O6 Market St. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished nns., suites, single; also unfurnished.
j CARROI.TON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
j are.— Sunny corner; v.e!l furn.; rms. & offices.
! FIFTH. 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
1 to let.
' FOLSOM. S€5. cor. Cth— <The Oliver)— Newly
; furn. sunny rooms, single or suites: reascnbl.
! GEARY MS (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
I rooms:' suites or single; travelers accom' dated.
! ORANP SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
; nr.d Mi«t!on stav— Sunny rooms, en suite or
; single; ladies' parlor: reading room; elevator.
! HANTOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission st.-Select
I family rooming house; $1 SO to t6 per week.
! HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites: single; tran-
j fflent; baths. MKS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
: HOWARD, W— Rooms from $1 week up to $5:
! 2'c to Jl night; also housekeeping rooms.
J HOWARD. ?46 — Double and single rooms. $1 to
t Jl "0 rer ivk.: clean, quiet and respectable;
! will ront one room to neat woman, half price,
to ar.swer l>ell during landlady's absence.
j 2 LARGE sunny front rooms: kitchen and bed-
room; furnished complete for housekeeping;
furniture all new: $2 per week. Apply at
1 5hoe store. 5«2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
! LARGE room with private family, housekeep-
! ing privileges, in exchange for competent lady
j teacher to teach children German and assist
i In crammar and arithmetic. Box 2147. Call.
MINNA. fi«7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
! window rco:r. !'. per week; transient.
MINNA. E14— Nicely furnished single and
double rooms, reasonable.
j NINTH. 239— Large sunny bay-window room;
gas; also single room.
i O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished, rooms and
j offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
i O'FARRELL. 224 — Nicely furnished, sunny
i rocms; modern Improtements.
[ POLK, €19 — Two or three sunny front rooms;
gas ranee; modern; private family.
POST, 235— Finest transient rooms In city;
phone Main 1760; elevator; hot and cold water.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles: running water; gas: reas.
P.OSEDALE House. 319 *: 351 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, SI 25 to J4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.-Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, {2
to SS;. month. $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE OAKS. 11» Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRD, £144— W: I large unfurnished rooms;
rear of barber shop; side entrance.
VAN NESS ave.. 401B — One or. two nicely fur-
nished rooms; sunny upper fiat; modern and
centrally located.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «t On'! branch office. 1200 Fillmore st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
j »uhf.crintlons has been established at 1036 Va-
j lencla st. r
i
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
SUNNY room, with board: gas; hot.^cold water;
private family: no children: gent only; $20;
references. Box 1895. Call office.
WANTED— 2 or 3 gentlemen to take room and
board: reasonable. Apply at IS Montgomery
Et.. rooms 12 and 13.
HAIGHT. 232— Sunny room*, with board for 2,
J40 per month: oIjo parlor suite for 2, $60.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; J2.' up.
LAS PALM AS. ll«20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
mis.; private: bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NESS ave.. 944 <The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: $20.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
riLES-PETER FREI LING'S pile salve, T$Tper
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
ltchinsr, rxternnl. Internal or protruding piles
without fall, no matter of how long stand-
Ing. 162S IJ>evisadero st.. near Sutter.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Moatgomery rt.. rooms 9-10; tel. Bi80.
ROOMS papered from S3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, scld; machine sap-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 Cth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, cold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fcurth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
I PIFRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
I Office. 401 Post St.. ccr. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
PAClVlC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2S2O Flllnsore St.: phnne Jackson 281.
~~ TO LKAS15.
FOR rent — Fine dairy; 100 to 125 cows: tn Sacra-
¦ mento County: cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a racney maker. For further particu-
lars apply to FRANK H1CKMAN, 412 J St.,
Sacramento.
j TYPEWRITERS A.XD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
eell b*tter machines for less money than Rny
house in the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £36 California, telephone Main 266.
ALAMEDA A'JMJEMEnK
ALAMEDA RRAL ESTATE.
$47.V.! GREATEST snap In Alameda'.!:— Three
lots and two modern nearly new houses; 1 8-
rooTr. 1 a-rnom; must be sold immediately.
tRjnri'.'.'.-AJrartd investment!! Four new mod-
ern 2-story bouse*; beautifully situated; near
station; rents {SS.
W5f»i!!!— New -modern large 2-story house;
lot 79x120; cost $12,000; 12 rooms; windmill,
tank, furnace.
When renting furnished or unfurnished
house* see HAMMOND & CONGER. 2326
Santa Clara ave., telephone Pani 1023. •
5kCO— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and batn
cottage; sunny side ot street: S blocks from
rtatlon and school; terms $100 cash, fit per
month.
tlJCO— New modem cottage; 5 rooms and
bath: street work, cement walks, eto.. com-
plete; near station and school; $100 cash. (20
r*r month. *
new cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
r.r.Ft corner la Alameda: see. this at once.
i Flee modern house; 8 rooms and bath: $3000;
: r.o money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this !s a snap.
H. P. MOREAL Sc CO.. 1432 Park st.
LOT J73xIT5. with house of 24 rooms, suitable
fcr boarding-house; barns, chicken-house?,
etc.; value Jls.OOO; to exchange for city or
country j>roi*rty.
E. P. JT7DD CO.. 1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA FLAT TO LET.
BROADWAY. 1162-Eurmy "lower ~flat;~4~?arge
rooms; .reception hall; bath: garden; furnish-
ed for housekeeping; no children; references.
I ¦ ¦ '
UPDVEI VV inVEDT1CEUE\ T TC
ufcMLLci ADthKlloDiutjMo
HERKELEV RE AI/; ESTATE.
bargain: bargain: hargain:
SliOC — l»t 60x130. on north elde of good street,
convenient to Dwightway station; nice ' cot-
tage «? 4 ewvJ roomu; hath: brick foundation;
h«;t. ar.d cold water; connected with sewer,
ft<\; «msll cash payment only required; a
pretty horn* away below cost. H. D. IRWIN.
Lcrin station.
jlZjO — MtTST be . sold Rt-<ince; owner going,
F.Aht : neat- T-rcom house: near oleetrlc and
st»an» cars; etiamei«d bath; patent plumbing;
- lot 40x125; terms. $S00 <lown: balance to suit
purchaser. O. O. MAY & CO.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
CFFiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FL'RXITt'RE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction* to you from II. Schellbaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
; N , DIVIDEND NOTICES. !.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-Dlvldend No. V. (twenty^
five cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
I'lanta lion Company will be payable at . the
office of the company, S27 Market St., ou and
after . Tuetday. May 15, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 10, lUOO, ; at 3
¦ o'clock j». m. ' -
W. D. K. GIBSON. Secretary pro t"m.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 79 (twenty-
live cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar :
Plantation Company .will be payable at the!
I o'lice of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Monday, May 21. 1900. Transfer books
•will close on Tuesday, May 15, 1900, at S
o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tem.
"LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
Intention to change prlncipa.1 ¦¦ place of busl-
r.ess— Notice is hereby given that In pursuance
to the written consent of more, than two-
thirds (2-3) of the capital stock of the Ro-
wardennan Improvement Co.. a ¦ corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed in the office of- said cor-
poration. It is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, in the county of Santa Cru»,
State of California, said removal or change
to take effect immediately after the expira-
tion of three (8) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, California, this 3d day of. May. A. D.
1M0. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON. Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
S*n Francisco. State of California. • Probate.
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication of
time appointed for probate of will (C C P.,
fee. ISOJt.— Notice is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the 15th day of May, A. D. 1900, at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of eald court, at the
new City Hall. In the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, have been ap-
pointed cs the time and place for proving the
will of said ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for hearlne the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the Issuance to
It of letters testamentary thereon. '
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Dated May 1. A. D. l>oa.
WM. B. SHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
PltOrOSALS. *
DEEP Water Harbor. San Pedro. CaK— United
States Engineer Office. Laughlin building,
Los Angeles. Cal.. April 12, 1500. Sealed pro-
posals for continuing construction of break-
water at San Pedro, Cal., will be received
here until 11 a. m.. May 14, 1900, and then
publicly opened. Information furnished on
application. JAMES J. MEYLER, Captain
Engineers. . .
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: -
1 Lawrence C. Matzen. 44. Santa Crus, and Min-
nie A. Huff, JL Virginia City.,
John J. Fanning. S6, £23 Folsom street, and
Jane Tarens. 22, 412 Folsom street.
William A. Duffey. 23. 320H Rltch street, and
Katie Beattle, 18. 17V4 John street. ¦ •
Charlec A. H. Wteden. 25, city, and Lillle M.
Raetz, 22, cltyr . .. . . ¦-
I>ouirlas S. Watson. 2L 2732 Vallejo street,
and Mai de Beau Moody, 18, corner Lombard
and Jones streets.
John R. Coryell Jr., 24, city, and Lillian True-
worthy, 26. city. - .
Edward J. Serena, SS, 443V& Minna street, and
Isabella Patterson, 25, 900 Powell street. '
. BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must b» handed
In at either of the publication -offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOBN.
BOTER— In Ocean View. May 7, WOO, to the
wife of Al Boyer. a daughter.
HANRATTY— In South San Franelpco. Mav «.
1S90. to the wife nf Arthur Hinratty. a son.
_____
MATZEN— HUFF— At Et. John's Episcopal
Church, by the Rev. L. Stanford, L. C. • Mat-
zen of Santa Cruz and Minnie A. Huff of
Virginia City, Nev. .
WARNECKE— GRAY— rn this city, Aoril 9,
ISvO. by the Right Rev. William Hall More-
land, August H. Wafhecke and Sarah E.
Gray, both of San Francisco.
WATSON— MOODY— In this city. May 11, 1300.
by the Rev. Arthur Crosby, Douglas S. Wat-
son and Mai de Beau Moody.
__
Barry. Ellen E. Hoey, Lawrence
Bartlett. William E. Keefe, Mary
Busby. Emma M. Kelly, Thomas W.
Calafjero, Cedrolo La Vallee, Laetttla
Casey, Georce F. Lonff. Medora A.
XJordero. Ellas .. McLaDghlln, James
Costa. Lawrence J. Mncpherson, EHza-
Durkin. Joseph H. beth
Eden. Meno . Meagher, Agnes L.
Engwlcht. Edna Melvin, Sarah A. ,
Forster, Frederick Olsen. Anna
Foubert. Eugene A. Olson, Henry
Gatio. Maria Schumacher. Ernst A.
Gluck. Elizabeth Smith, Annie M.
Gonzalez. Francis Tobln, Tt. C.
Henne, Frnnzisca Wegleln, John J. .
Hills, Jennie H.
BARRY— In this city. May 11. 1900. Ellen E..
wife of the late James Barry, a native of
Philadelphia, Pa.
' BARTLETT— In San Francisco Bay, April 29,
; IDCO, William E. Bartlett. son of the
late Mary and the late Harry E. Bartlett, and
nephew of Mrs. Esther C Dunn, a native of
• Oakland, Cal., aged 23 years 6 months and 6
days.
OTrlends and acquaintances and members
of Fair Oaks Camp No. 15, Sons of Veterans;
Sherwood Circle No. 129, C. O. F.; Seven
Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of G. A. R. ; Court
Star of the Mission. A. O. F.. and XV. R. C.
are respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary
' street. Interment. Mountain View Cemetery,
by 2 o'clock creek boat.
BUSBY— In this city. May 10, 1900, Emma M..
; dearly beloved wife of Fred H. Busby, a na-
tive of Stockton. Cal.. aged 48 years.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church. Eighth and Grove streets,
Oakland. Interment private. Remains at the
undertaking parlors of Albert Brown, 468
Thirteenth Etreet, Oakland. ¦
CALAGERO— In the City and County Hospital,
May ll. 1900, Cedrolo Calagero, a native of
Italy, need 28 years.
CASEY— In this city. May 10, 180ft, George F..
beloved son of John C. and Catherine Casey,
and brother of William H., John Joseph and
Emma Casey and Mrs. M. Barrett, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years II months and
12 days.
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invtted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 6S2 Branncn street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where services will be celebrated for
the repose ot his soul. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CORDERO— In the City and County Hospital,
Ellas Cordero. aged 30 years.
COSTA— In this city. May 11, 1S0O. at the resi-
dence of his parents, Lawrence J. Costa, .be-
loved husband of Lottie Corta, father of Lil-
lian May Costa, son of Lorenzo and Made-
line Costa, and brother of Alfred N. " and
Milton B. Costa. Mrs. J. S. Tylor and Mrs.
H. M. Bick. a native of San Francisco, aged
32 years 6 months and 25 days. •
(CyNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the residence of his parents, 2110 Taylor
street. .
DURKIN— In this city. May 11. 1300, from dlph-
. theria. Joseph Harold" Durkln, dearly beloved
and youngest son of John W. and Margaret
¦Durkln, and beloved brother of Mabel A;,
James F., John R.. Edward M., Gertrude M.
and Helen C. Durkln, a native of, San Fran-
cisco, aced 4 years 6 months and 2 days.
EDEN— In this city, May 10, 1900, Meno, dearly
beloved father of Hattle Eden, a native of
Hanover. Germany, aged El years 5 months
and 7 days. . ..-.
(prKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Bhlels build-
ing, 32 O'Farrell street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Nord-
diutscher Verein. Interment I. O.O...F.
Cemetery.* Remains at the parlors of.H. F.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eiehth.
ENGWICHT— In San Jose. May 11. .1900, Edna,
beloved wife of Harry Engwlcht.
E7"Interm?ht at Overton, Nebr. Funeral
services . at Woodrow's undertaking parlors
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock. .
FORSTER— In this city. May 11. 1900. Fred-,
erlck Korster, a native of Jeffle, Sweden, aged
5S years.
FOUBERT— In Temescal. North Oakland, May
9. 1SKX), Eugene Auguste, beloved I husband of
Vlrginie Koubert. and father of . E.; J. Fou-
bj-rt and Marie Foubert. and grandchildren, a
native of Paris, France.
¦¦* (CThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 463 Forty-eighth 'street,- Temescal,
. North Oakland..
GATTO— In this city. May 10, 1900. Maria Gatto
beloved mother of Celestlna, Alvina, John and
Andrew, Gatto and Mrs. A. Chellnl, a native |
of Italy, aged 46 years. . : , - . . • !
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO., i
(Successors. to Flannagan & Gallagher).'. '-'.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM ER3.
N Fifth St., opposite. Lincoln 1 School. '¦¦'
Telephone South 80.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery fssoctalion,
SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
If deceased-was a'member'of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer, and secre-
tary, t the ¦ charge for - cremation, ¦ a I copper ¦ re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service Is W0.
The same for members of the family. -
- GEORGE R. FLETCHER," Superintendent.
' , '.Rev. J. A. B. Wilson Gets a Vacation.
Dr. John : A. B. AVil:son, pastor of the
Howard-street Methodist Church, has
been voted .-" a \ four weeks' vacation. He
will '-¦ go East, visiting all the big cities
with a view to studying the systems of
organized charities. ; His last ; sermons be
fore; departure "will be delivered to-mor
row morning and evening. ,
Held for Grand Larceny.
"William _ Daly, bookkeeper at the Fon
tana warehouse, and Robert Ellis, an ex
pressman, were held yesterday to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Ca
baniss on af charge of grand larceny. They
were , accused of stealing twenty-four
cases of- canned fruit from the warehouse
on April -7. -^HHMMIIBBMllMBMl
Run Into by a Car.
Antonio Arnanmo. an Italian gardener,
was, thrown from his wagon while driv
ing along "Mission .': street last night by
being run Into by an electric car and se
verely injured.. He was taTten to the' City
and County, Rqs-y tat' for; 1 treatment.
Democrats Thank J. J. I>wyer.
The Iroquois Club held its regular week
ly meeting last night at ' Pythian Castle.:
On motion of C. T. Spelling n vote of
thanks - was tendered to J. J. Dwyer,
Democratic National Commltteeman from
California, for his courageous advocacy of
primaries before, the State Commlf.te* last
Saturday. i
EDGAR SUTRO CONTESTS
HIS WIFE'S PETITION
Files an . Affidavit and Quotes an
Agreement Providing for Her
Support.
Henrietta L.. B. Sutro's action to re
strain her husband. Edgar E. Sutro. from
Incumberlng his portion of the estate of
the late Adolph Sutro and for mainte
nance was argued before Judge Belcher
yesterday. During the proceedings the
defendant- filed an affidavit in which he
set forth "that he had given his wife an
agreement entitling her to one-half of the
Income of his property, which amounted
to about $S0 a month and soon would be
$93 a month. He said he was only in re
ceipt of J63 a month. $15 of which he paid
for room - rent and the balance for his
maintenance. -Mrs. Sutro is seeking a de
cree.dividing her husband's property, and
has expressed the opinion that unless the
court awards her some such relief her
husband will Incumbcr his property and
leave her without means of support.
Decedent Bequeaths Her Estate to
Three Daughters, "Whom She
Names as Executrices.
The will of the late Mrs. Valeria Biddle
Elliott, widow of General Elliott, at one
time commandant at the Presidio, was
riled for, probate yesterday. I>ecedent be
queaths, her entire estate to three daugh-;
ters— Katherine B., Frances V. and Mary
B. Elliott— who are named as executrices, 1
to serve without bonds. In her will Mrs.
ISlllott says that in consequence of many
financial .losses, as well as • depreciation
of many securities. • she was oblljred In
justice to her children to cancel legacies
she had hoped to leave a few relatives and
friends and; who were provided for in
former wills. -
WILL OF GENERAL
ELLIOTT'S WIDOW
NO INDICTMENTS MADE
IN CRAVEN-FAIR CASE
Grand Jury Takes No Action—Inves
tigating Waller-Seifert
Charges.
The Grand Jury did not return any in
dictments yesterday In the charges of per
jury and subornation of perjury growing
out of the Craven-Fair contest, despite
sensational rumors that true bills would
be returned against Mrs. Craven, Adolph
Sylva and Justice Simpton.
Secretary Rock of the Grand Jury stat
ed that the matter had been under con
sideration for some time, but no conclu
sion had been arrived at. He was not pre
pared to say whether any Indictments
would be returned nor when they would
be tiled if at all. District Attorney Bying
ton said that no indictments in the case
had been presented to the Grand Jury. It
has been published several times that at
least three indictments will be brought
against those who have been mixed up In
the Simpton affidavits, and the prophecy
that they would be filed before Judge
Dunne yesterday was simply a wild guess
and nothing more.
The jury continued yesterday the In
vestigation of the alleged selling of exam
ination questions of the State Board of
Pharmacy by members Waller and Sel
fert. The witnesses examined were Fred
C. Engelsby, John Seebold, T.II. Harper.
O. H. Eddinger. J. DIckoff and Arthur
Seammel. i No indictments were returned,
as the sifting of the evidence had not been
concluded at the time of adjournment.
Various Departments at Home
and Abroad.
Movements of Officers Attached to
The following acting assistant surgeons
have been ordered to proceed from their
stations to San Francisco: Loren B. T.
Johnson of Washington, D. C, Thomas B.
McCown of Windsor, Mo., Francis J.
Bailey of Hillsboro. Or.. William J. End
ers of Philadelphia. Pa., and John J.
Repetti of Washington, D. C.
Captain Edward McDowell, assistant
quartermaster, U. S. V., has been ordered
to proceed from his station at Brooklyn.
N. Y., to Washington for conference with
the quartermaster general.
Captain Levi P. Hunt, Tenth Cavalry,
has been ordered to Chicago for recruit-
Ing duty. He will relieve Major Samuel
L. Woodward, First Cavalry. Major
Woodward will proceed to Fort Robinson,
Nebr., for duty at that post.
Second Lieutenant Clement A. Trott of
Company A and Second Lieutenant Knud
Knudsen of Company D of the Seventh
Infantry have been allowed to change
places. Lieutenant Trott will proceed to
§an Carlos, Ariz., where he will join his
new company, and Lieutenant Knudsen
will proceed to Alaska with Company A.
Second Ueutenant Edward Carpenter.
Second Artillery, has been appointed an
aid on the staft of Major General Wood,
U. S. V., commanding the division of
Major Valery Harvard, surgeon U. S.
A has been made chief surgeon of the
LHvlslon of Cuba.
First Lieutenant D. E. Aultman, Second
Artillery, has been appointed census enu
merator for all posts and stations within
the geographical limits of the Department
of Havana.
Major Ueorge S. Cartwrlght, quarter
master, U. S. V., has been appointed chief
quartermaster of the Department of Ma
tanzas, relieving Major William H. Mil
ler, quartermaster U. S. V.
Hereafter all retired officers of the
army, unless specially exempted, must re
port their addresses to the adjutant gen
eral of the army quarterly, or on March
31 June 30, September 30 and December
31 ' Changes of address must be reported
at once. The Bureau of Cuban Relief,
Department of Havana, has been placed
under the Department of Charities and
Hospitals, of which Major Orlando
Ducker, surgeon U. S. V., Is the head.
Acting Assistant Surgeon J. M. Pena will
Inspect hospitals and asylums In the city
of Havana and will make an estimate of
the cost for maintaining them.
Disbursing officers of the War Depart
ment stationed In Alaska, being far re
mote from designated depositories, are
authorized to exchange checks with the
various trading companies' of that region
for the purpose of paying salaries and
liquidating other expenses.
Orders were Issued from military head
quarters In this city yesterday as follows:
Chaplain Barton W. Perry, U. S. A., will
proceed to the Philippines on the Logan
and report for duty. _
Acting Assistant Surgeon Donald Mc-
Lean U. S. A., now on duty at Honolulu,
will proceed to San Francisco and report
for further orders.
Captain J. M. Kennedy, assistant sur
geon. U. S. A., will command the Hos
pital Corps detachment aboard the Logan.
CHANGES AND TRANSFERS
THROUGHOUT THE ARMY
EX-CORONER HILL IS
ONCE MORE SINGLE
His Wife Awarded a Decrw of Di
vorce on the Ground of
Cruelty.
Mrs. Mary E. Hill was granted a divorce
yesterday from her husband, ex-Coroner
Dr. Ed E. Hill, on the ground of extreme
cruelty. Mrs. Hill testified that Dr. Hill
treated her Inhumanly on several occa
sions and struck her at one time. Mrs.
T. McCormack corroborated Mrs. Hill,
and the decree was granted. Decrees of
divorce have also been granted Jennie E.
Robinson from Frank H. Robinson for de
sertion. Elizabeth P. Cooper from Frank
J. Cooper for neglect. Julia Gale from
William Gale for neglect. i"Yancls de S.
Smith from Margaret de S. Smith for de
sertion. Lulu B. Dalzelle from wmiam R.
Dalzelle for Infidelity and Tillie A.
Schwartz from. F. Schwartz for neglect.
Suits for divorce have been filed by
Annie Voight against Frederick H.
Volght of cruelty and Jennie V. Engel
against Rudolph Engel for desertion.
According to Its natural meaning It
would seem that a cold was an affection
produced by exposure to low tempera
tures, to cold weather. Nothing could very
well be farther from the truth than thi3.
Colds are not nearly so common in ex
tremely cold countries as in the temper
ate zone. They are not nearly so fre
quent high up amid the Alps as In the
cities at the foot of the mountains. Nan
sen, the arctic explorer, spent over two
years amid the arctic- snows with the
temperature so low most of the time that
the mercury was frozen In his thermom
eter, yet he and his men never suffered,
from a cold. They had been back in civil
ization scarcely a week before some of hl3
companions were laid up with the grip.
Cold Does Not Cause Colds.
PHELAN'S POLICY
IS DENOUNCED BY
ANGRY CITIZENS
Knights of Honor Insist Upon
Protection Prom Mid
night Thieves.
Mayor's Financial Scheme in Throw
ing the City Into Darkness and
, : Inviting Crime Emphatic
ally Condemned.
The policy of Mayor Phelan In throwing
the city into darkness every night after
12 o'clock and subjecting the people of
San Francisco to the outrages of thieves
and assassins has brought forth another
vigorous protest from citizens. Bortz
meyer, the young rihxn who was robbed
and shot on hla way home a few nights
ago, was a merabsr of Yerba Buena Lodge
No. 1788. Knights of Honor. This lodge
has drafted and sent to Chief of Police
Sullivan a series of resolutions condemn
ing the police for their Inability to cap
ture the thieves and suppress the out
rages. The financial policy of Mayor Phe
lan In throwing the city Into darkness Is
roundly denounced, and the members of
the order declare that it may be necessary
for the different fraternal organizations' to
create vigilance committees for their own
protection:
While the protest of the Knights of
Honor is timely and thoroughly justified,
all blame should not be placed on the Po
lice Department. The t Call is not an apol
ogist for the police, but every one knows
that tne department has been seriously
and dangerously handicapped by the
wretched policy of Mayor Phelan. Blame
should rest where it belongs— on the shoul
ders of the Mayor, who has constituted
himself the responsible government of
this- city. It is his kindergarten municipal
government which is jeopardizing the
lives of. citizens and giving rein to the
criminal elements of the town.
The communication of the Knights of
Honor' to the Chief of Police is as follows:
W. P. Sullivan, Chief of Police, San
Francisco, Cal.: At a meeting of
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 1788, Knights of
Honor, held on May 7, a committee was
appointed to draft resolutions expressive
of our indignation at the apparent inabil
ity of the police force of this city to prop
erly protect the lives of its citizens. The
committee prepared the following, resolu
tions, which were adopted by the lodge
and ordered transmitted to you:
Whereas, J. Fred Bortzmeyer, an hon
ored and esteemed member of this lodge,
and a young man of exemplary character,
was robbed and shot on the streets of this
city on the night of May 2 while peace
fully pursuing his way to his home from
the Young Men's Christian Association
building; therefore be it
Resolved, That we, as members of this
lodge, deeply deplore the seeming inca
pacity of the police authorities of this city
to properly protect the persons and lives
of its citizens and. as there are from
three to four hundred men every night
attending the different lodges and per
forming a duty that is beneficial to the
community at large, and as their wives
and families are kept in a constant state
of fear in their absence, we beg to sug
gest that If .there are not enough police
men to properly patrol the city the Chief
of Police would, in our opinion, have no
difficulty in securing from the different
fraternal organizations of this ctly suffi
cient aid necessary for that purpose. Be
it further
Resolved, That the continual increase
of depredations by the criminal classes
will make it necessary in the near future
for the fraternal organizations to form a
vigilance committee for their own pro
tection, which would be a reflection 'on
the "reform government" of this city. Be
It further
Resolved, That we condemn the finan
cial policy of this city that makes It
necessary to leave the streets In darkness
after 12 o'clock at night, thereby increas
ing the opportunities for robbery and oth
er crimes. ,
Respectfully submitted,
MAXWELL, L.. CROWE,
EMIL TRITTENBACH.
Assaulted ,His Housekeeper.
Charles Schrekart, 1\S\b Bryant 'Street,
was Instructed' and arraigned In Judge
' court yesterday ' on : a charge < of
assault with a deadly. weapon. The case
wa§ continued till "Thursday/ He- is ac
cused by his housekeeper," Caroline Stoehr,'
of striking her Thursday on the head with
a carpenter's plane during a dispute about
supplies for the house.
Bobbed a Mail. Box.
¦ ; William Mansflelrl:^ was? arrested . last
night by officers George Douglas and E.
J.~McNamara r arid charged J with . petty
larceny.':. Mansfield" was ; caught: taking
packages from the top of a. mail box at
the corner, of Bush and .Kearny; streets. .
Believes in Temperance.
Henry Sinclair went Into ; the. grocery of
R. Prfcsho. 110 Fourth , street, , Thursday
and asked for 10 cents to" buy a meal.
¦Prcsho retorted that Sinclair's breath
Exnelled of whisky .and as his * store ' was
strictly run on temperance principles he
would not give, him money to "buy more
liquor. Sinclair struck Presho, and when
he got outside he seized a tomato can and
threw It through the window. .He was ar-
A /'Woman's Edition"
Of the Placer CountyjPloneerlwill be pub
lished at Auburn for Pioneer day— May 19.
The paper. will contain' among otherthings
many - interesting , reminiscences . ¦ of "•-, old
Placer.. Price of paper 10 cents per copy,
$l-.a dozen. Send ( orders to secretary Pla
cer County Pioneer, -Auburn, Cal.
Trouble on Hinckley Alley.
George Johnston appeared before Judge
Fritz yesterday on a charge of assault
to murder. The complaining witness was
B. Contreres. known as the "King of
Hinckley alley." Johnston's wife got into
a dispute with some Spanish women on
the night of May 2 and Contreres exercis
ed his authority by denouncing Mrs.
Johnston. Johnston attacked him with a
penknife, cutting him on the lip and rip
ping a hole In his coat. • Contreres seized
a Btlck of wood and beat Johnston on the
head. Johnston pleaded guilty to simple
assault. He will be sentenced UMlay. ;
Policemen's Kibs Broken.
Policeman James Tuite met with a pain
ful' accident yesterday' afternoon. He
made an arrest; on Fourth street, near
Stevenson, and whenvthe patrol' wagon
arrived he turned round to put the prison
er in the wagon. " At that moment . the
pole of a fish wagon .struck him on the
left side, fracturing two of his ribs and
rendering him unconscious. . He was taken
to the Receiving. Hospital. : The ¦, driver of
the wagon. John Massoni, was arrested
later and booked at. the City Prison on 'a
charge of battery. •
Perfume as Poison.
Lee.Yong, a Chinese, was taken to, the
Receiving Hospital ; yesterday morning
from 13 Waverley place. He is a sufferer
from ; cancer of the "stomach: and' being
tired , of life swallowed the contents of a
bottle of cologne In the hope that It would
end his i life. The only effect, the perfume
had was to make him sick. ; ...
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK. May 11.— Dr. M. J. Fottrell
of San Francisco Is at the Imperial. Rob
ert Lowry of Los Angeles is at the Em
pire. _^_____
John Brown Memorial Service.
. Special services In honor of the one
hundredth anniversary of the birth of
John Brown will be held to-morrow at
the A. M.' E. Zion: Church, 805 Stockton
street. Pastor T. Brown will preach at
Uie morning services on "John Brown,
the Colored Man's Moses, and How to
Prove Ourselves Worthy of His Sacri
fice." In conjunction with the Third Bap
tist and Bethel A. M. E. churches union
services will be held In' the afternoon.
Samuel. M.:Shortrldge will deliver an ora
tion at ; the evening services. :
COUNCIL DELEGATES
DISCUSS GRIEVANCES
G. M. Kutz & Co. Decline to Submit
Their Troubles to a Board of
Arbitration.
Last night's session of the Labor Coun
cil wu devoted principally to questions
affecting organized labor and firms who
have shown . a hostile attitude toward
union labor. G. M. Kutz & Co., 105 Mis
sion street, who are engaged In the shoe
making business, came In for a share of
the discussion. This firm has been at log
gerheads with the lasters' and shoemak
ers* unions for some time, and there
seems to be no Immediate prospect of a
satisfactory conclusion. A proposition to
submit the trouble to arbitration was
made by the dissatisfied union hands, but
Kutz & Co. declined to accept. The decli
nation placed tne Council on the defen
sive, and it was ordered that the Council
declare its intention to place a boycott.
Pacific Commercial Museum.
A meeting.. of the executive committee
of the. Pacific 'Commercial Museum was
held yesterday afternoon, at which Chair
man Irving M. Scott, Mayor Phelan, Isaac
Unham, Rufus P. Jennings and Professor
Plehn were present. The reports of the
committees appointed to solicit members
were received, showing gratifying pro
gress In this direction.
It had been the Intention of the commit
tee to publish the list of subscribers to
day, but as many firms have expressed
their desire to become members but have
not yet filed applications it was decided
to withhold publication for several days.
The next meeting of the executive com
mittee will be held on Thursday, May 17.
Cronin Before the Grand Jury.
The United States Grand Jury examin
ed witnesses yesterday In the matter of
the robbery of the postofflce at Benicia
by William Cronin. the burglar now in
custody of the police. Postofflce Inspec
tor Erwln hap secured evidence against
Cronin for the burglary of the Colusa
postofflce. On that occasion a large quan
tity of stamps were stolen and shortly
after the burglary Cronin sold $50 worth
of postage stamps to a man for 140. The
purchaser will be a witness against Cro
nin. Charles Legrand and A. E. Water
man Identified Frank Deffendorf. alias
George' Logan, as the man they saw with
Cronin at Benicia on Saturday afternoon
and evening.
PERSONAL MENTION.
J. G. Scott of Agnews is stopping at the
California.
. Dr. F. R. Hovel of Arcata is registered
at the Grand.
Frank A. Miller, a hotel man of River
side, Is stopping at the Palace.
Dr. E. P. Howell of the United States
army is a guest at the Occidental.
E. S. Babcock, proprietor of the Coro
nado Hotel, is a guest at the Palace.
Dr. C. A. Ruggles and Dr. W. P.
Mathews of Stockton are stopping at the
Grand.
J. Ena, the wealthy Hawaiian planter,
and a party of six are stopping at the
California.
Captain Longenecker. U; S. N., Is at the
Palace. He arrived yesterday on the
America Maru. /
At the Palace are registered N. Soma,
president of the -Yokohama Specie Bank,
M. Eto and S. Ito.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Wizard KImball re
turned Wednesday from a three weeks'
sojourn in San Luis Oblspo.
Captain Tenlsh, who has been for years
In the Russian naval service in Oriental
waters, Is at the Palace.
J. F. Thompson, editor of the Eureka
Dally Standard, Is at the Grand. After
attending the Republican State conven
tion, to which he is a delegate, Mr.
Thompson will visit Chicago and Milwau
kee, accompanied by his daughter.
George Eastman, Miss Knorr and Mrs.
George W. Eastman of Rochester, Mrs.
James Mathers and Miss Ellen Andrews
of Cleveland and Mr. and . Mrs. W. 8.
Hubbell arrived In'-San Francisco yester
day and are at the Occidental. The party.
Is traveling over the country In a private
car and will tour the State. George East
man is at the head of the great kodak
firm.
WILL ENTERTAIN
ALMSHOUSE INMATES
A Splendid Programme to Be Pre
sented at the City Institution
This Evening.
An entertainment will be given to-night
at the City and County Almshouse under
the direction of Wallace W. Wideman.
Professor J. W. McKenzie will be the ac
companist, and the following interesting
programme will be presented:
EpeciaHiea (selected). Miss Lizzie Sloan, ac
companied by Miss Lucy Harlow; anvil chorus
("II Trovatore"). section MrKenzie Musical
Society; "Postilion" (Molloy). Joseph W.
Fisher; "Kentucky Babe" (Ueibel), ladles'
double quartet. Margie Wheeler. Ethel Carroll,
Estelle Hutchlnson, Rose Corbaley, Lilly Laws,
Rose Koppell, Miss K. Peterson, Eugenia
BreitenBross; wltticfsms by Dr. J. P. Mc-
Carthy: tenor solo. "Martha" (Flotow), O. W.
d'Aulnals; laughing trio, Lilly Laws. C. F.
I>hinK. J. P. Faivre: soprano solo (selected).
Margrie Wheeler; "La Paloma" (in Spanish)
(Yradjer). Lilly Laws. Edith Carroll, Eugenia
BreitengroRS, Louise Schuneman; comic selec
tions, J. P. Faivre; "My Own Dearest Boy"
(McKenzie). the famous boy soprano. Master
George Kroger: "Saylnirs," Wallace \V. Wide
man; selections, male quartet, W. O. Baudoln.
F. A. Griffins. J. P. Faivre, Henry Pfaeffle;
"El Caplun March" (Sousa), section McKen
zle Musical Society. Mrs. M. Murray, .planlste.
Loss of a Valuable Diamond Pin Re
ported at the California-Street
Police Station.
Pickpockets and sneak thieves operated
in the crowds which congregated on the
corner, of Market and Third streets last
night, and among the valuables they se
cured was a $450 diamond and opal pin,
the loss of which was reported to the
California-street station. J. H. Turpln, a
wealthy resident of Lake View, Or., who
is stopping at the Brooklyn Hotel, was
watching the bulletins when he was sud
denly Jostled in several directions. As
soon as he recovered his equilibrium he
felt for his cravat pin and found that it
had been.deftly removed. The pin Is set
with an opal and nine diamonds. Turpin
can give no description of the thief.
STRANGER IS ROBBED
IN A LARGE CROWD
President Frederick Burk Selects
Well-Known Pedagogies for
His Faculty.
Frederick Burk. president of the San
Francisco Normal School, was re-elected
to that position Thursday at a meeting of
the board of trustees. He nominated the
following teachers to compose the fac
ulty: Walter J. Kenyon, Miss E. B. Mc-
Fadden. Percy Davidson, Miss Alma Pat
terson, Professor E. E. Brown, Professor
E, P. Cubberly ar.d Miss Estelle Carpen
ter.
Walter Kenyon is at present Instructor
In the Lowell Normal School, Massachu
setts. He wag formerly a teacher in
Colonel Parker's Normal School at Chi
cago. For two years he was supervisor
of manual training and drawing In the
Ftockton public schools. Mis=s Efiie B. Mc-
Fadden has for the past three vears been
supervisor of nature study in the public
.schools of Oakland. Mr. Davidson is a
graduate of Stanford. Miss Alma Patter
eon Is a graduate of the San Jose Normal
School and of Stanford.
NEW TEACHERS FOR
STATE NORMAL SCHOOL
Paloma Schramm' s Last Concert.
Paloma Schramm, the wonderful child
planiste and composer, who charmed a
large audience Wednesday afternoon, will
give her farewell concert In this city at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s Hall this afternoon
at 3:15. Her programme will be new and
will include numbers by Beethoven Bach
Scarlatti, Chopin, Liszt, Leschetitzki'
Greig and Rubinstein, and in company
with her younger sister and only pupil
she will play Chopin's Romance from the
E minor concerto for two pianos. She will
also play a valse caprice and "Schmetter
ling of her own and will improvise from
a theme written by some one in the audi
ence.
Supervisors' Judiciary Committee to
Recommend an Ordinance Against
Freak 'Display.
An amended ordinance regulating the
height of fences of wood or other inflam
mable material within the city was sub
mitted yesterday to the Judiciary Com
mittee by Supervisor Brandenstein and
will be recommended for passage at next
Monday's meeting of the board. The orig
inal ordinance restricted the height of
fences to ten feet, but on the representa
tion of the Bill Posters' Association that
the ten-foot limit would ruin their busi
ness the committee decided to limit the
height to twenty feet. The ordinance pro
vides :
It shall be unlawful for any person, associa
tion or corporation to build or maintain, or to
suffer to be built or maintained, within the
city and county of San Francisco any fence of
wood or other Inflammable material over twenty
ffcet in height above the level of the sidewalk
without the permit of the Board of Fire War
dens (and or the Board of Public Works) of
the city and county of San Francisco first ob
tained. Kald Klre Wardens (and Board of Pub
lic Works) shall have power to grant such per
mit only if the said fence is built or main
tained as a wind-break or as a means to protect
the public from injury from any building or
other structure In the course of construction,
alteration or destruction, and will not be 'a
menace to life or property, nor Interfere with
the work of the Fire Department.
Section 2. Any fence built or maintained in
violation of the provisions of this ordinance is
hereby declared a public nuisance, and the
Chief of Police and the Chief Engineer of the
Fire Department are directed to abate the
same forthwith.
The ordinance regulating and restrict
ing advertising, which has been already
published, was also adopted. It provides
that it shall be unlawful for any person
or llrm to drive through the streets any
wagon carrying advertisements unless
said wagon be owned by a storekeeper or
corporation doing business and unless per
mission is obtained from the Board of
Public Works; also to propel any street
cars with advertisements printed on the
•outside of the car; to appear on- the
streets in extraordinary costume or dress
or by making any unusual noise; to paint
advertisements on gutterways, streets or
sidewalks or distribute any handbills or
dodgers for advertising purposes and to
appear on the streets carrying banners,
boards or placards with advertisements.
The committee decided to make certain
exceptions in the case of advertising by
labor organizations, but only when per
mission Is granted by the Board of Works.
WILL LIMIT ADVERTISING
FENCES TO TWENTY FEET
SN the sketch, "A Bluegrass Widow,"
which Milton Nobles is presenting at
the Orpheum this week, the actor
manager demonstrates the fact that
his versatility, as a writer is still as vig
orous a factor in his makeup as his ability
as a comedian. The new sketch is one of
the best turns on one of the best bills
ever presented at this playhouse. In the
little comedy there is not a line that drags
and from the moment the Bluegrass
widow and the innocent wife unfold their
scheme for awakening the conscience of
the derelict husband to the fall of the cur
tain interest is only interrupted by the
frequent laugh. . As usual, the "standing
room only" sign has been the most prom
inent feature after 8 o'clock outside the
Orpheum box office.
Milton Nobles has just been distinctive
ly honored by being elected to serve his
third term as the president of the Order
of Friendship, which is not widely known
among laymen, but in the theatrical world
it is one of the most highly respected or
ganizations. The Order of Friendship is
the only Masonic body in the profession
and includes among its members, past and
present, men who have made theatrical
history for the past fifty years. Every
distinguished actor in America to-day is
a member and the order's roster from the
beginning contains the names of the
world's most famous, thespians. Of the
charter members Joseph Jefferson and
John Ellsler are the only ones living. This
actor organization is one of the wealthiest
of its kind In the world and Mr. Nobles
considers his third term election one of
the most valued tributes he could receive
from his fellows of the sock and buskin.
HIGH HONORS GIVEN
TO MILTON NOBLES
rested on charges of malicious mischief
and disturbing the peace, and was con
victed on both" by Judge Mogan yesterday.
He will be sentenced to-day.
SCHWERIN, PRESIDING GENIUS OF THE MAIL DOCK "HOTEL."
Henry Kusfeld, 111 Valparaiso street,
told a hard luck story in Judge Mogan's
court yesterday when he appeared to an
swer to a charge of petty larceny. If his
tale is found to be true the Judge will
dismiss the case against him.
About 7 o'clock Thursday morning
Frank Rhodes. 1616 Lyon street, notified
Policeman J. W. Sheehan that a man was
tearing up the sidewalk on Sacramento
street, between Steiner and Pierce. Shee
han found Kusfeld with five of the iron
coverings of hydrants which he had torn
from their fastenings. He was placed
under arrest on the charge of petty lar
ceny.
When asked "by the Judge what he had
to say in his defense Kusfeld said: "I
have been in this city six years, working
hard for a living. For the past two months
I have been unable to obtain work, and
as I have a sick wife and two children —
one two years old and the other eight
months— starving at home I determined
that if I could not get work I would steal
for their sake; so I took the iron coverings
to get 25 cents for them to buy food. All
they had to eat yesterday was plain,
bread."
Kusfeld's appearance was in his favor
and the Judge was Impressed with his
story. He said he would take the case
under advisement till to-day and if Kus
feld's statements were correct he would
dismiss the case and lay the matter be
fore some charitable institution.
H. Kusfeld, a Laborer Out
of Work, Steals Rather
Than Starve.
Caught in the Act of Committing
Crime, He Pleads Poverty as
an Excuse for His
Wrongdoing.
TURNS THIEF
TO FEED HIS
HUNGRY BABES
The Palatine Fire Insurance Company,
which has posed as on<? of the largest
end strongest of the British underwriters
doing business in this country, has been
absorbed by a rival concern and will
pass out cf existence. The announce
ment that its director* had reached an
agreement with the Commercial Union
Assurance Company of Ixmdon to assume
Its liabilities and take over its assets
reached this citv^ a few days ago and
created a flurry of excitement in Insur
ance circles.
While none of the details of the deal
are known here, it is stated that heavy
losses and disastrous business experiences
made the move necessary. The com
pany's "home office " liffurfs are not to be
had here ar.d consequently it is impossi
ble to form any i'iea of its financial con
dition. Its Pacific Coast manager,
C*har>s A. Lator.. state* that while he
believes the institution to be solvent, he
has no data upon which to base the opin
ion. Insurance Commissioner Clunie
eay» that th« "home" reports of the
company have net b«en filed with him.
The United i~tat---f statements of the
Palatine for the pa-^t five y«ars show that
the assets in this country have decreased
nearly $200.w0 durir.tr that period, while
the. loss ratio has increased from 56.9 per
cent In 3£9", to CT.T per cent in 1S93. The
expense of management has been from
£6 to 3& per cent, which has wiped out all
xaarEJn cf profits.
If the company ha* 'met with similar
experiences in all the fields in which it
has operated, retirement from business
trculd b« the natural result.
Th« Pacific Ccast ofiices of the concern
are at 433 California street. As soon as
the deal is completed the offices will be
closed and the business conducted over
the counters of the Commercial Union's
establishment here.
"The amalgamation of the two compa
nies le not yet an accomplished fact."
e&id Charles A. L«iton. manager of the
Pacific Coast branch of the Palatine
Company yesterday, "but I have little
doubt that it will go through. A complete
agreement has been reached by the di
rectors of the two concerns, but Its rati
fication by the shareholders Is necessary.
I have no doubt that they will agree to
it. Our office hrre may be absorbed by
that of the Commercial Union. I have
received no information on that point.
"The present deal has been brought
about by the directors of the two compa
nies for the mutual benefit of both. The
Insurance losces last year and up to the
present time this year have been enor
mous. Our company made a loss of near
ly 6 per cent last year, and the losses up
to the present time this year are greater
than for the sam^ period during the pre
ceding twelve months.
"The Palatine ha-«= plenty cf assets in
this country, as our statement will show.
I have not the statement of our assets
in England for this year. It 1b in the
hands of Commissioner Clunie."
Mr. Clunie said that as far as America
was concerned, the Palatine Company
•was In good condition. He knew nothing
about Its financial condition at home, ana
taid that its main office statement had
not been filed with him.
Tte Coacerc's Assets Have Steadily
Decreased While Its Losses and
Expenses Have Been on
the Up Grade.
Palatine Fire Association Is
Absorbed by a
Rival.
HEAVY LOSSES
GET AWAY WITH
A BIG COMPAKY
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 12, 1900.
14
'Russian . military authorities having
lately appointed three -women doctors as'
junior, medical •- officers '• in the Russian
army, the Czar's army becomes the only
one in Europe that can boast of female
medical officers. •
Dr. ; W. * H. Mays 'resumed practice 1116
Sutter.lcor.Larkin: res:. Hotel; Granada,*
Some of the big guns In the prize ring
are only: airguna
cNCOQ^CATtO irwifar fiat Be •V ¦^SJr
SPECIAL BARGAINS
Saturday and Monday
FAIRBANKS' S?. d . 3-16 pkg. ... 15c
Finest Creamery Butter, '".To" 35c
Don't delay. Now is the time to pack
butter for the winter. Regular 40c. •
CHOICE &-V. BUTTEH, square 30c
BEST &,*„•£¦"• EGGS, doz. - - . I7io
Guaranteed. Regular CC'-jc
EXTRA FRUIT SYRUPS, qt.bot 30c
• Raspberry. Strawberry. Grenadine.
Regular 40c.
Best Sweet Sugar Corn, 3 cans 25c
NEW MILD CAL. CHEESE, It.. 10c
Regular 20c lb.
French Castile Soap, 3-lb bar 25c
KOHA COFFEE, 3Ubs 50c
BEST EASTERN HAMS — . - I3^c
Guaranteed. Regular 13c Ib.
Rye and Bourbon Whiskey, gal $2.50
- For family. Medicinal. Regular $3 60 gat
EXTRA PORT arriSHERRY, gal 95c
! HEADQUARTERS FOR
Cape Nome Supplies
We Know What Yon Want and How to Pack It
AT LOWESTJUT PRiUES.
Send for; Monthly Price List Free.
Country Orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by ua when within ICO mil**.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phon« S »2. No Branch Store*.
"Various devices have been used In En-
rope for the ventilation of tunnels. In
some cases oil burning or electric loco-
motives have been substituted for the
trip through the tunnel, and in other
cases artificial ventilation had been used.
$3 ladles'-: French -kid- shoes: for. $2 at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co.. ! 717 Market street. •
An authority on Belgian hares, get the Park
News every week. " A great story paper. • '•
Tou never have a head in the momlne from
drinking Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey. Try It.
Society % ¦. correspondence and Invitation
papers In the correct tints and. sizes. .We
engrave and print wedding Invitations and
announcements, reception, dinner, at home
and visiting cards in the latest form.. Spe-
cial sale of odd , papers ¦ continues , this
week and next in our stationery depart-
ment. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market. •
MARKS BROS/
BIG
OFFERINGS
FOR
To-Day and Monday
Hosiery.
LADIES' SILK AND LISLE THREAD HOSE
only about 20 dorm left; worth 60c; ksJ«
price H3e
LADIES' 6ILK HOSE, the Ulnd we have kl-
wajf eold for 75c: to-<J»y C«»o
INDIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED HOSE, full
finished, black only: to-day la-^c
CHILDREN'S HEAVT IUBBED HOSE our
usual ZSc vaJue; to-day lj) c
CHILDREN'S SCHOOL HOSE, double knee
our 12'»c value; to-day 8 1-Uc
Knit Underwear,
LADIES' DALBRIGGAN' VESTS, ellk finish.
hlirn neck, long eleevef
LADIES' SLEEVELESS VESTS, all eoi_
or* .•••....•..••.-'.»•...-.»....-.¦... .lUUe
LADIES' SILK VESTS, sleeveless, all col-
orp; worth 75c 4D C
CHILDREN'S KNIT VESTS, regular SSc value -
to-dar '24v.
INFANTS' VESTS, half wool, all sizes, regular
25c value: to-day 25e
LADIES' 6ILK ANT) LISLE VESTS. »ltt?ve-
Jeee, a!l colors; good value at 40c ;»5c
LAST 2 DAYS"oTcORSET SALF.
Oar 75c quality: to-day and Monday GOc
Our tl.OO quality; to-day and Monday TSt?
Our H.23 quality; to-day and Monday SI.OO
Our fl 70 quality; to-day and Monday 91. is
Our J2-00 quality; to-day and Monday ifl.r.o
Our J2 M quality: to-day nnd Monday ffi.oo
Our $3.00 quality; to-day and Monday $2.iKV
mrrnRS or ribbons, laces and em-
•RROIDERIE8 will do well to visit Marks Bros.
to-dayT »* 'P** 184 inducements await them ia
these departinentB. ,___
•vu-VTRT ORDERS RECEIVE CAREFUL
COlj - ATTENTION.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones.
__'_'__ _ Hale's. | Hal^s.
what Hales -"»*¦*¦ n»i- » jimi«ti«- — n^\
1 have on sale Way? " ("*** six °' c ' ock siore -" ) f |
I J|| Saturday I
Silk thoughts for 9
/i^^^fafrtaO^^ father. tf
Wm you & your §: I
irregular as these prices are, the goods are f j
jMTnBT from our regular stock and are to be on sale Ij
f*\ C+j until sold out; but remember we close at 6 every jpj
night — that's why working men and women call M
V Hale's "the six o'clock store." O
H ladies' fancy hosiery, 12«^e pair. ,-% ||
B we have the chance to put on sals ladies' Irn- Jf I/^V • ¦ KJ
MS ported fancy hose, black boots and fancy Ir-H^ <V» »f
BE Etrlped tops, full fashioned throushout. with - f, L^J'XlL
Kja double french heela and toes, two-thread elas- \jt '*lf**T""-<T l - Wl
|fl tic yarn, good heavy weight: a first-class stock- *fcv* , /Vx H
g| Ing In every respect: all sizes, 8 to 10: while • <*</S cif \ fl
|p| they last 12V4c pair */¦ )fe&L «fj>\ M
cl millinery attractions. <I;4$f/ I V-^ \ v^r^\ M
Bgj sixty trimmed dress hats now on exhibition: \%V4'/I /V«^ « // fl
Kj the latest effects In maize, pearl and pastel * v'^r-K^ — vT**N ) SJ
En fourteen dress hats In rich black lace straw, £^\ \\ ,/ 64
fid trimmed with tucked moussellne and styllah V |\\ "^JTs fj
K| ornaments Jo. W.iO. HO l\\ fl
6| not necessary to say much more than they ara /zJBs&jfi \ \ - II
Kjj fln<» perrale wrappers nnd put on to make wo- Ky&^J^i// \ CT
Kg men talk; quality and price of them will talk. jFyEsr/'h \ f\
9 $b\\ /GS\ I^J^n M for tne holiday and the 1
i U'^whif waveier - . i
51 M^Tv 1 / idhr/r^'C* ill/ Rood strong vacation trunk, 30 inches ¦
£a /v- ,m j. 1 ' ' If y I IJ/ longr. with four cleats on top and two Spf
EM r(~~\ ' * ITh t<B / /'; - J >-, on sides, with tray; height of trunk M
K3 r^^-^sW" W I ill ' — // 1S *2 inches. Hale's price J3.87 M
Ha f f^^_ *j j / / / / |itron K flat toi> trunk, four cleats on O
E8 l-r^\C2l~^^^T a "Tl LJ I I top> " nen faced, two trays, pood n
¦ ; .- F,; I l! • wi . u \z& m fTn i. ( I lock: 34 inches long J3.25 |J
§}§ Jj i z±i tSfcrU*] 5 r^^ 5^^?* 8^ extra stronz trunk, with 2 trays. M
r*i U _1 lT~irir l' nen lined, four cleats on top. brass BJ
BM '^r^si*— '-» -i" >sO a**&*Swr**J^^/ i bumpers and straps; 32 Inches lonfr. H
m *-- r MT~^rrj' fl n Msi — 1 K lnchea hl8h * 10 - 00 H
B fop the ppide of the family. t*^ -*w^^^^^ P
eh g-ood, strong baby carriage, with foot brake l^«'^^?Vl?^t'J^^?^^8» fcl
and wood top; upholstered In various color- j.lijjn'iTj '"EjJL'S^r (/ If w
full size baby carrtaee, with foot brake ami |jj \\J I -'jai&wSr-VvV If K3
rubber tired wheels JS.ii) \j /J^J^ *y£lli<3rW/ £1
fine reed body baby carriage, handsomely up- .JjjSXViPyir^Eatffy^'vJPOSC"* w%
holstered In velvet, with rubber tire wheels and ift— 2w*5£!far^tS*S522>\^ Rl
the same carriage upholstered in satin.. .J1S.75 |^jtesgB^5f|| 9§RVvS/ vk
reed body baby carriage, upholstered in bed- "i^S^VK^*** 1 •/ A \y/ ~<d
v : ford oord. rubber tired wheeJs and brake.. J13. 75 \\LA V^/^^/jL^y SI
(a (treat variety of go-carts in basement). >yi/ t —^ " CJ
(just in: a new lot of the celebrated "H. B. " ladles' dollar glove.) S|