ten by the ex-Revenue Collector. Know-
Ing that in the eyes of the people he was
an embezzler and a refugee from Justice,
he was In momentary fear of recognition,
his danger being doubled by his former
prominence. At every turn he feared to
meet some one who had known him. and
with the broad hrim of his soldier's hat
pulled down over his eyes he often brush
ed past people with whom he had for
merly been on intimate terms, not daring
to let himself be known even to those
who might have been friends. On the
evening of his arrival the train did, not
reach San Francisco until after "taps"
and too late for the march to the Pre
sidio, so with hi* nine men he took rooms
,in a downtown lodging-house. The story
;ls. current that as. he was hastening
through the doorway he came face to face
[with a negro expressman who had been
employed in hi3 office. There was the look
of recognition and exultation, and Ser
irennt knew-th.it he would 1 -ve to
tnswer the indictments against ex-Reve
.Out at the Presidio Sergeant
went through his work of drilling his
mp». putting them through target prac
tice an<1 attending to other official duties.
Through It all hejnever failed to scan the
fac^s of visitors, 'always alert for a ffl
mi'.lar countenance., and striving to avoid
the eyes of : allKte,«t- some one who had
known him. should. He among them. Wel
burn says that so perilous was his posi
tion he hardly dared to communicate with
his wife, whom he had not seen for twe
years. Dressed In his soldier's garb and
clean ehaved.'he waltod for the starting
of the transport, with Just a possible
chance of • being unmolested. There were
a few of. the soldiers In the secret and
Just why he is doing it. with him Cna
mortal capabilities. Is a mystery to th»
public, but O. M. Welburn said to a friend
that 1t Is easily explained.
"I had only 15 cents in my pocket,
said he. "on the day I went to work her*.
I had searched for days and weeks all
over the city for such work as I was qual
ified for. clerical or otherwise, but th»
public prejudice was such that It was Im
possible to obtain it— so I Just had to fall
back on my physical Strength."
Whether or not tho unfortunate man
has been persecuted, there are few who
could feel anything but admiration for
the fearless v/ay in which he is taklnr op
the task he has set himself to do. His
career and hia life have been practically
a wreck, and it is certainly evidence of
exceptional courage that the man is un,
pwervincly beginning it all over agraln.
The ex-Revenuo Collector is firm in hla
determination to reinstate himself In th«
respect of the public. In his own words
he expects "to vindicate himself In th«
eyes of the public that does not now un
derstand." Wherever he associates with
people he Is warmly liked, and amonfftno
rouch fellows doxvn there at the wnart
he has many sterling friends. The respect
and adoration of some of them have been
gained by proving himself a man phy
sically, and the fact that ho Is not
ashamed of manual labor. The water
front people have no respect for yea*;
lines, ami will not tolerate artificial
rride "With his splendid physique and
his athletic tminins Welburn has demon
strated that he is equal to all th» < de
mands of hia work, and he stands amon*
the first rank of the water front. The
friendship of his associates is a matter
ofprldcTlth him. and with much warmth
he states that he has met with more gen
uine sympathy, straight from the heart
down at the wharf than almost anywher*
el The honest words of "Big Jim" express
the attitude of his present associates,
and the general opinion of the men down
fhVrA II that he is a •'shamefully wrouff'd
Sn" They are ready to charapionTiis
Ca "l 5 f%nv£dv ilTlookln- for trouble." says
"Big Jim." with a threatening wag of th<j
head "Just let 'em come round here an
gav anything aein' Welburn."
So the bll fellow is working away.
Many another man. havirs gone through
¦uch experiences, and with the burden of
Such a pa»t upon him. whether or not h*
wtre zuiltle*sV would consider his Ufa
wrecked and would cease to struggle. O.
M™ Welburn is no* 'that sort of man.
**• . the commendable
purpose of winning
i - ¦ Nubile respect he has
k'-v .\, started in at the bot
|^* • • - ¦ tom of the ladder.
Ma. Whether or not it was
Wk' • his own fault or the
EsTBk. fault of others that h«
K^R^ has lost his position at
ISctA th» top. those who ob-
HLJHMy\ <Bprv? c\n but admire
lni\. h!<* courape.
8a^ v "All I ask." said he,
Wwft'IflttBigk "is that the public -will
If^l- acquit me of what th»
8t»^ l^ w found me eullt-
The third trial was a repetition of th«
first and second, and at its close there,
was an Immediate verdict of acquittal. In
the eyes of the law O. M. "Welburn was a
free man once more, no longer account
able for any offense whatever. Such ha Is
to-day, and as a free and innocent man
he i3 working nine hours a day down at
the dock3.
tho charming personality of th« man
seems to have rendered them all his
stanch friends and defenders. "When tho
officers came to arrest him one of them
came up and whispered, "Just say tho
word, old man. and we'll do 'em up."
Welburn did not say the word, however,
end the Texans did not have the chanca
_o do any shooting.
The authorities were not slow to Inves
tigate the story of the negro, but It was
hard to find Welburn among the thou
sands of soldiers encamped at the Pre
sidio, and his arrest came about by other
means. The officers were looking over
the roster of the soldiers and came across
his assumed name, with the word "excel
lent" after it. It being the only name so
marked among the five or six thousand
names, they looked him up. and upon do
ing .so immediately recognized and arrest
ed him. says a friend of Wei
burn, "Is sometimes queerly rewarded."
Then the court proceedings began all
over again. According to Welburn's cham
pions, he was dragged through the tedious
delays of two Federal court trials, penni
less and too proud to ask aid of his
friends. Coming from the seclusion of his
prison confinement and with no opportu
nity for securing witnesses, they claim
that he was powerless to prevent the
machinations of his enemies. It Is said
that Welburn practically conducted his
o wry defense, and so well was It arranged
that he was finally acquitted.
be better appreciated . by "Welburn nim
ectt than by any one else. Through his'
excellent military service and his military
friends Welburn had a brilliant military
career before him. For obvious reasons
he did not enlist under his own name, but
chose that of his . mother. ¦ • He had a!-.
ready risen to the rank of sergeant, in
command of nine men. Feeling that his
own name was a synonym of • rascality
and moral corruption before the public he
had adopted another and was known and
honored as Sergeant
With his arrival here began a series of '
experiences that will not soon be forgot-*
With his appointment to office, the
friends of the ex-revenue officer declare,
his troubles began and the ill-feeling of
his enemies began to take a venomous
substantiality. After, a term of four
years the charge of embezzlement was
brought against him.r with the result of
an acquittal and Welhurn's subsequent
departure, as stated. In speaking of his
reasons for leaving at that time the ex-
Collector stated on the stand:
"I did not run away; I was compelled to
go. I was without funds or resources of
any kind and was surrounded by enemies/
rny reputation ruined. I • returned to
Texas because I had stanch friends there
and I knew they would give me u chance.
After arriving there I was continually on
the move, and I received no official notice
of the indictments against me. While I
do not -deny that 1 feared there might be
nction taken against me. I maintain that
1 was not officially notified, and tberefore
was not in honor compelled to return. If
1 had done so I should not have befcn
given a fair trial, on account of the unfair
notoriety given to me by my enemies
through the medium of the newspapers.
And 1 wish to state," he continued, indig
nantly, "that the newspaper reports insti
gated by my enemies, and to the effect
that I had been Indicted by the Federal
Grand Jury, were published fully three
months before any indictment was brought
against me."
Having received an honorable discharge
from service In the war at Cuba, Welburn
was mustered out in Texas and after a
time re-enlisted, intending to go to
Manila. This time he was one of tho
Texas Heavy Artillery men and with
them he came to San Francisco to await
the sailing. of a transport.
Just what the feelings of the unfortu
nate man must have been upon returning
to the scene of his former troubles, into
the midst of his enemies and the dan
ger of further indignities, can probably
the nature or one that does not forget, •
and seldom forgive*,'- ¦'--:. - '-¦• , • '. V *V . *.
briefly told.' it was v*he '.story' of a re
markable career of meteoric successes
and alternate failures— through it all the
marked traces of a strong and compelling
personality. -
Reared in the heart of the South, of a
fine old Southern family, the branches
of which are represented among the first
families of every State south of the Ohio,
his childish recollections are Interwoven
with historic events — the horrors, of the'
war, the devastating army of Sherman In
the famous march to the sea and the
terror of "refugeeing" from the advanc
ing soldiers— these are the memories that
crowd out the more natural ones of mar
bles, toy horses and pet animals. With
youth came college honors and the dis
tinction of medals. Of brilliant intellect
and with a particularly marked talent in
logic and eloquence, he graduated from
one of the old universities of the South
with first honors, the youngest of his
class, and carried away the honors of lit
erature and oratory. Later he ..com
pleted a legal course, and was. admitted
to the bar in Dallas. TexV"He did not enter
into the practice of the law, however, but
distinguished himself in the typical Texas
talent of shooting and riding. His supe
rior horsemanship and marksmanship
soon made him famous among, the rang
ers, and he went with a detachment oi
them at the head of a troop "riding the
line" along the Rio Grande from El Paso
to Fort Griffin during the Indian out
breaks in the trouble with the Tonkaway
tribe, also leading a troop during the
trouble on account of the State leasing
land to cattlemen, to quiet the affair. Mr.
Welburn later turned his attention suc
cessfully to business enterprises, and com
ing to California invested an accumulated
fortune In Santa Clara orchards. The
orchardict soon became prominent in Cal
ifornia politics, his oratorical power and
his personal qualities making him a pop
ular "stump" speaker throughout the
State. At the request of the State
Central Committee he accepted the posi
tion of Revenue Collector, serving four
years.
—then as the reminiscences of his past
began to burn within him the xnel«ne..o»y
repose of feature gave place to animated
flashes of indignation. The nature of the
'Southerner was visible in his expression—
Reluctantly came the sentences at first
I as~ed him for the story of his life.
ing men. in the rr.Id.n of Yhe vast cargo of
bales and barrels, with his big soft hat
turned back from his melancholy face,
and his great muscular frame outlined
against the background of the white
rteamer, It was not hard to Identify the
man t*?ih his past.
Standing there among the rough labor-
Mr. Welburn hlmsetf !p not Inclined to
be communicative on the subject of his
affairs*. With all the courtesy and breed
ing of the Southern born he responds to
the queries cf the curious, but there Is
that in his manner which plainly marks
the bounuary beyond which ore may not
question.
The charge of embezzlement occasioned
muoh comment, and although the verdict
In the Crst trial was for acquittal nubile
feeling was very strong against Welburn,
and finding it impossible to remain com
fortably in San Francisco, he returned to
Tcxhs." where be had left an excellent
record some years before, in the varied
capacities of cowboy. Texas Ranger, sol
dier and business man. Some time after
his depnrture the matter was revived and
oth«r charges of a similar nature brought
against him. Welburn had gone into
Mc-xico, later enlisting v.ith "th« famou*
picked r:>mcn of the T»xas First, and
eervlng two years In the Cuoan war." •» Xo
trace of bin could be found and he was
accounted a defaulter and a fugitive from
justice. •'
The official records show that there
were three trials, and that there were
pome eighty-six different indictments
against his name. His friends point out,
as evidence of vindietlvenegs and enmity,
that some of the Indictments were for
ran as small as 50 cents.
stevedore."
Just how It came about, this meta
morphosis from a brilliant politician and
society favorite to a common, rough
handed laborer of the docks, is a long
Rtory— a 6tory. his friends say, of perse
cution and Injustice, and, according to
"Big Jim," a "durn shame."
Thosa who are not his friends say that
It came about through the temporary
weakness of a 6trong man, a betrayal of
his trust. They say that he yielded to
temptation under stress of financial dif
ficulty and appropriated some $3000 from
the Government funds, which he was un
able to replace at the time of reckoning.
The etory of the unfortunate man and his
friends differs Inasmuch as It attributes
the crime to other employes of the same
department and lays a charge of persecu
tion and Injustice to the venom of politi
cal enemies.
However It may have been, the Revenue
Collector was one day confronted with
the charge of embezzlement and ar
raigned for trial.
efter the manner of ants struggling sys
tematically with a loaf of bread, men
prow to kr.ow each other well; if they
like they like strongly and if they don't
the feeling grows stronger with each
strain of the muscles.
Welburn is one of them. The white
handefi, cultured gentleman of five years
ago. whose official dignity Inspired the
timid with respectful fear, the eloquent
speaker whope words swayed the wills of
thousands, the graceful toastmaster of
sparkling banquets, courted of society.
pampered of politicians, and the man who
drew from the Government a salary of
forty-five hundred dollars per year, that
man is to-day renting out his physical
strength at a pro rata of CO cents per
hour, subject to the orders of a "boss
?¦ j and misfortune *ome
1/ tirr.os tak* quwr turns at running
jl the affairs of people. Some five
I voars apn there was in San Fran-
X, clsro a man of wealth, position and
power— a politimi d'etntcr and a factor in
the affairs «^f the State. A«=id<» from his
own private income h*» received that of a
h'ch-sa'.aried Government official, and ns
fucb he r..Ts honored and trusted as a
man of honesty and integrity by the Cali
fornia public.
Th.it man is now a longshoreman down
st the Pacific ?.!n" Dock, working at hard
manure' labor nipe hours nut of every day,
for a consideration of thirty rents per
hour, ami except for his wajres he is ab-
EOlutely p^rnileKf. -The man is O. M.
WelV.urn. cs»Brrennff Collector for the
First District ct California.
•'Ther*> ho Jp — that's him over there hy
the frarprlar.k rollin" the h!g wine barr'l
'r»DU<l.~ TirA war. the way they pointed
him out- a rplcrdid big athletic fellow in
a blue flannel fhiri and the nondescript
trousers of the !uboring man. He wis
helping: to logr] an outgoing Fte.imer with
a carjro of California wines, and the way
ho har.dVd that immerse harrel was not
unlike the oray a cat handles a ball of
kritti;:r, cotton.
"Yep. that's WeMmrn.** continued "Big
Jim." the plant pt, th<* water front, "an' a
durn good ff\]ow ho Is. too— works like a
trooper and he's not ashamed to do it.
nutber. fur all he wa'n't cut out for thet
ecrt o' ihinjr."
"Eijr Jim" voices the sentiment of the
men at the dorks. Welburn Is popular
amorg thrm. When the men of the water
front are friends they are *fanch and
loyal. 50 it 'vo'^ld not bo well for any one
To pjcpreps unfriendly feelings toward the
rx-F>vm:j«» Collector within the. Units of
the iluil Dock.
Working *i«le by sld«» down there among
rreat cargoes of grain, supar and coffee,
with the packs piled high to the celling
end Ftrairins their strong muscles in
lifting and moving the immense bags
FROM
REVENUE
COLLECTOR
TO STEVEDORE.I £o not mean to give the Impression
that I think all Boers are Ignorant and
narrow minded. Some see a long wiy
They <\n not work aa house servantB.
The fcreiijner.s who have money, and
even the wealthy ones of their own peo
ple, employ Kaffirs to cook and do gar
dening. All of Mrs. Kruger's servants
ore black. And they toe the mark, too,
fi? few Boers would be willing to do. For
the President's wife spends a large part
nf her time directing affairs In the
"kitchen, and does much housework with
Iier own distinguished hands. She Is as
plain a.v.-oman In her ways as ever lived.
She speaks no English— no more does Oom
Paul— and does not mingle with outsiders.
Ehe has reared a dozen children, more or
less, and she has done it herself— not
turned It over to maids. Her grand
sons are a gay lot. by the way. Their.
Filters stay demurely at home, as the
custom of Boer maidens Is. but the boys
are Infatuated with British customs, and
thf>y try hard to follow the gay pace set
by foreiiarnerB. They outdo them In dress.
End they play the races in order to be the
"real thing."
I have met the Kruger family. Yes.
they sire much as Americans picture
them. Every morning the President re
ce'.vrs those of the public who wish to
be received on the front veranda of his
plain little house and welcomes them and
offer? them coffee in his plain way. He
has sin allowance from the Government
cf B1500 pt year as coffee money— coffee
Is the drink of his race, and strong, rank,
unbearable stuff it J« a.« they matte it.
Fifteen hundred dollars outside of his sal
ary? res; indeed. That is« £8000.
There Is almost no education for the
children. A few Dutch schools exist
there, but they are scantily patronized.
3ioys leave school to follow their fathers'
cxarr.ple of idling and to smoke the. ci
garettes which their sisters make in a
factory cf Johannesburg.
But the town has continued to grow for
ell that. It is made up — or was made
tp. for one speaks of It now as of tha
dead — of Americans, French, Germans,
English and a lot of lazy, dirty, half-
Etanred Boers. They constitute the la
boring class, av.i the foreigners attend to
mines, to trad© and to professions. Many
of the Boers, I think, are not the pa
tier.t, thrifty. Industrious sufferers that
you hear of. My sympathies are with
their cause, to be sure, but for all that
I know many of them as a worthless
crowd. They live In poverty because
they would rather do so than work. The
toil waits fcr them to cultivate It. Tha
men set their daughters to work scrub
bing, -washing, Ironing— anything that will
earn money — when they are no more than
children, and as s-oon as this is done,
they retire to u life of loafing-. Many of
them live as campers, leading a nomadic
life in covered wagor.s .and stopping
wherever the spirit moves them.
A hustling place was Johannesburg.
Built on a foundation of mining, as ev
erybody knows, it grew to be a big, busy,
fashionable town, as everybody dees not
know. The 5000 Americans who were
there once dwindled somewhat, for the
reftlegs. roving ones of them, dlssatis
iied with the African po!d yield, left for
The Klondike when Its fever was heard of,
end, llkdy enough, they are dissatis
fied with Its yield by this time.
I was there when the exodus began.
«ind I watched H until late in November,
"wher. I gave up myself and started for
horn.*. Johannesburg has been my head
quarters for Jive years, ar.d I know It
3"rorn Doornfontein. the neishborhood
"where eivelldom dwells, all the way down
to the dirtiest little Boer hut that
crouches close to the brown earth.
That was when the war fare started.
During last October Johannesburg, the
•prosperous, cosmopolitan town of 102,000
people, dropped to 1000, and hundreds of
Those <0M hav* been leaving- since.
them, and clung to steps, and
Jammed upon open co3l trucks. They were
rot only men, but women and children,
loo, even to sick ones, and tiny, nestling,
¦svhimperir:?: babies. Kor the pod of war
"walked in the land, and he trod heavily
•«r.d crushed.
TIIKT Tvcre fleeing like a fioclc of
fheep— the people of Johannesburg.
The ruin wns drenching them, but
they did not care. They herded in
railway carriages and overflowed
JW. XIMMOXS. an Ameri
• can, has just returned from
the stage of the South African
drama. He ivas a resident mer
chant of Johannesburg for fii'c
years, and he ivas there last Octo
ber lihen the rear news, sent thou
sands fleeing from the city for
safety. This is his story of its de
sertion:
When there ha.s been a dry year the
rains are likely to break loose with a
v«ngeanc« at last, and they did so last
October. Just as the citizens began their
Then, poor thing's, they scattered, and
a terrible time they had of it. Rain had
been scarce up to that time, having paid
no attention to prayers directed toward
it. and rxcept for prayer no rain-making
effort was allowed. There you have the
Pturdiness of the old Dutch reform
Boers shown in a nutshell. It is said that
during '»'s drought, when people, were
bathing in bottled soda, there was a fire
work? show in town, and it was proposei
to have a collection of bombs belonging
to the show people sent off together from
a neighboring hill. When President Kru
ger heard of the attempt he sent out men
pest haste to see that a stop was put to
"this interfering with the will of God."
Kaffir servant* left to their own de
vices do not keep such places as they do
v hen the masters arc at home, so by the
time August arrived Doornfontein was
losing its glory. But the mass of the
population did not stir from home until
the real war scare of October.
But so mm h baa happened since that
trip was planned. During the summer
<;\rr.e hints of war. and same of th««
wealthy residents loft their beautiful
homes in Doornfontein ar.d went back to
Europe. The fashionable residence dis
trict becan to look BOny.^The houses (In
fact, a!l the buildings lof the town) are
of brick and stone, and these make h*>n.]-
Boxne streets. Beautiful lawns and gorg
eous flowers surround the houses. The
flowers have no fragrance and the bir<J3
have no song, but they look as well ns
though they had.
beyond their own hill borders and wish
to see farther yet. There is my old friend
GeldenhuUs, a member of the Volksraad, or
Senate, and as genial a ?oul as ever llvod.
He was planning a trip to America when
1 last saw him— a trip that was to take
in everything from the Atlantic to the
Pacific, lie looked forward to taking a
little run from New, York to Chicago, r.s
if the distance were of half an hour or
thereabouts; for his own land Is small,
and hf does not conceive what our great
sprawling America is.
"I'm going to leave to-mcrrow," he told
me one day. "I've bought a firsf-clAHs
ticket from Johannesburg to Cape Town
and I have paid £12 for it. | So 1 guess I'll
travel pretty comfortably." • - ¦
-Much eood your first-class ticket will
There was a Frenchman 1 knew", a man
With money aplenty, but It's little enough
Rood his money did .him .then. ;
The British . Government promised to
furnibh railway carriages to take the
women and children out of the country,
but they w»-re unable to keep th'eir prom,
ise. The exodus amounted to a panic, and
all the carriages were Tilled at the begin
ning, and thousands more people would
not wait. They climbed- upon the roofs
of carriages and they rode upon open coal
trucks. The rain descended in torrents,
but that made on difference.
mad rush to get away the rains descend
ed and deluged them and made their es
cape not only dreary but even dangerous.
The war news reached us . at first
through the three daily papers publish
ed In Johannesburg- the Star, tue Trans
vaal News and the Standard and Diggers
News. But the first two shut up shop
early in the excitement, knowing that they
would be suppressed ifthey did not. The
last is the official organ of me Govern
ment, being issued in both English and
Dutch, and, it has continued to print news
that is edited,-. of course, according to
Boer .policy.
TOLD BT AN AMERICAN WHO CAME DIRECT
FROM THERE TO 5AN FRANCISCO.
Story of the Last Days in
Johannesburg.
I can tell you I was glad to get away at
last. After seeing the town deserted: after
my enforced police duty; after all the
trials of the hot. rough trip. It was good to
be bound for America once more. For
although I sympathize with the Boers, as.
I think, do the most of my countrymen In
South Africa, still I am glad to leave their
land Just now.
Botha, a Boer commander on furlough.
Bald to me: "We can't whip the British
" The railroad over which I rode wan the
one over which Churchill afterward
walked, and It must have been a fearful
tramp. You may thirst, you may starve.
you may fall a victim to serpents that
hide In that country- I found the trip
hard enough In a carriage. If I had not
carried supplies of my own I should not
have eaten nor drunk for those two days.
I had managed to lay hold of some liquor
before starting, and I was lucky to do so.
All saloons were closed at the beginning
of the war and a very strict prohibition
was carried out. The owner of the Fras
catl Restaurant was caught selling a glass
rZ beer after the injunction, and the result
was a $2500 fine and all his stock's con
fiscation. 7 ¦?. --v
It took me two days to make the short
trip from there to Delagoa Bay. This
was because the trs. ns were not runnlnsr
at night for fear of dynamite, and the en
gineer and fireman came into our carriage
and slept with us In the most Informal
way that ever engineer and fireman did.
— ?Jonventlonalitiea seem laid aside by com
mon consent during war time.
At the border I was searched In every
nook and corner of my clothing. Those
people are wonderfully painstaking.
In Pretoria I saw the British prisoners,
and they were a happy lot. for prisoners.
I believe that the Boers treat them better
than they do their own people. Two thou
sand of them were guarded at the Fair
Grounds; they were In the racetrack en
closure. Winston Churchill was there at
the time. Most of the men were of a
rather rough class, for they were of the
?arller recruits. They wanted something 1
:o do, and a number of them were putting
jp a barbed wire fence as special privi
lege. They were lounglns and smoklns
and having an easy time generally. Cigar
f ttes and sweet chocolate were allowed
them. These were bought with contribu
tions which the public. Boers Included,
rave for their little wants. They havo
'>een treated well by officers and people
alike. In entering Pretoria the people
svere ordered to raise their hats and they
3hl so In perfect respect.
Before I cou!d get away I had to Krn
In a way that all of us Americans dl<l. t
was put on police duty for one night arrl
I patrolled as If I had been a Boer my
self.
On November 23 I cot my passport to
Pretoria, I was questioned closely before
:t was riven to me. you may be sure. At
Pretoria I appealed to the Secretary of
State for another passport to take me out
of the country, and it was granted.
that there was no use. So I ma<- r»a«y
to leave. • '
* went straight to Europe or America, and
-•"are all -right by" this time'. But those who
had small means were thrown out of busi
ness, aad so they are living. God knows
how. God knows where. They fled to the
border-counted no costs, to they goi
to stay. They were the bank clerks and
other* whose knowledge and work mad«
them necessary. I hear that even those
few have gone now.
For some time I dons to the old place
end to my business, but I realized at last
a<» you in -.tins crowd." I said to him.
"You can't get a place Inside a carriage."
And I thought "I told you so" the" next
day, whether I said it or not. For I 'saw
my swagger Frenchman leaving, town.
He. was seated on a coal car, hugging two
vallHus. while the rain was drenching him
to the skin. Poor man,' I guess he found
very little "comfortable traveling" on
that trip.
They have 'endured real hardships." some
of these people. Those who were - able
away— and some are camping out of doors
and are pretty close to starvation. I'm
afraid. They had long, hard trips to the
borOer, being sidetracked every time that
trains of Transvaal troops passed, and It
was a guessing game whether they would
miss : or have meals. ' The carriages are
arranged with miserable bunks, and. a
blanket and pillow lor the night costs 60
cents. But there were thousands . who
could get neither blanket nor pillow.
For a 'while a few British were allowed
alone, and those of us who looK squarely
at the situation realize that. But I thlnle
we can hold out until other powers* take
up our cause, and then there i$ hop*.
But"— and there was a shadow crossed his
face— "If other nations should not helo we
can f t last alone."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
2trimmed In the tan cloth and edged with
Persian silk. A «oft " draped ; vest [ of; tho
a few. cherry hata, but In New York they
are forcing the season with grape hats.
That is, the chosen few who can; afford
It are wearing them, for grape hats were
never designed for scant purses'
The grapes are each one perfect in con
struction and of a most delicious tint.
Over the whole Is a soft drapery of pink
ish tan net, and a huge chou of shell
pink ' silk completes : the hat. There is
nothing garish about It, but it Is a hat
that demands a third glance, so exquis
itely lovely is it. ¦ ;
¦ The street gown worn by Miss Butler
has "Paree" stamped all over it. The
cut, color and combination betray its
birthplace. It is a blue cloth, the skirt
trimmed in . sloping bands of tan clothl'
The little Jacket is cut in tabs, each one
same Persian . silk, the predominating '
tone of which Is rose. color. Is worn with ;
the. Jacket. The vest ia i given character
by a soft knot of the Persian silk.
• .The hat worn' with this gown is Jaunty ;
In its simplicity, yetlwlthallt has a chic,
Independent air that announces It a- pat
tern hat." |
It would be hard 1 to imagine three. more
charming; costumes.';. And > it v would . be
harder yet to imagine : a more charming !.
'wearer than Miss Etta Butler.
_ — : — ; — ¦ '» ¦ "' .
It Is interesting to be told* a. few facts
about colors, as supported by the' chief
designers of shades and frocks. ¦'¦ Fair
people should '¦ always, with few .excep
tions, avoid. blue and pink, and ¦wear pale
¦¦yellows, pale greens i and; vivid reds.V The
auburn-haired woman looks well In green,
f and \ many shades of red and terra-cotta,' :
The hat worn with the coat la literally
delicious, for the grapes of which It is
made look good enough to eat. We have
kept pace with the season by displaying
Miss Butler's automobile, though de
signed to take the place of an opera coat,
la made with sleeves. Almost all' the
evening automobiles have ' 6leeves, ' and
small ones at that, but since the evening
eowns are either sleeveless or made with
the sheerest excuse for' sleeves, the coat
f Jeeves do not muss them and stand sentl
'nels against the chill hair.
The velvet Is an indescribable shade of
blue, and is applique with silver, a stun
ning combination. This automobile is de
signed for evening wear. Velvet auto
mobiles, although unknown out here, in
New York are extremely fashionable for
evening wear, and In various designs
have left the regulation opera coat far
behind in the race for popularity.
Automobiles no longer draw a mob.
We've grown acclimated to them, whether
in the shape of a carriage or coat. But
of all the automobile coats that have
strayed so far from . Paris, we've never
seen one like the automobile that is Miss
Butler's pet delight. It is made of velvet.
a decided departure from the cloth ones
that we are accustomed to.
Pretty as any among them is the
white silk net worn In one of the ac
companying photographs. . Two pretty
heads were put together to concoct this
gown, for Lillian Russell helped Miss
Butler design it. The net falls over a
foundation of heavy white satin, pale
pink chrysanthemums giving the splash
of color necessary_to relieve the gown.
It is a gown that speaks for itself, even
in a picture, and needs • no pen to dilate
upon its beauties.
her wake, for she not only haa wo»_
stunning gowns on the stage, but off as
well. ;°-
Miss Butler's year in New York has
stamped her with tha? smart something
that clings to the New Torker and sets
them creatures apart from the rest of
the dressy world. Miss Butler has
climbed to the top of the ladder with a
hop. skip and jumpi and her salary has
kept pace with her climbing. Not a few
ot her golden, well-earned coins have
crossed the pond and found their way
Into the shops of London and' Paris.
Tempting and chic are the gowns which
crowd her Saratoga,
|j JC the spring my lady's fancy lightly
11 turns to thoughts cf fashion. My lady
does not go a-Maying amid the flow
er* to cull ideas for her spring and
rammer campaign. The fin de siecle
said or matron hies to the theater,
where ehe makes mental notes, and cov
ers her programme with hieroglyphics
that will help the dressmaker copy the
rown worn by some stage favorite.
For the leaders of fashion to-day are
not the society women. Fashion has
taken apartments on the stage, and her
pulse does not show any signs of the
••moving" fever. After all. It's very
ratural that actresses should be the
t=alds of honor in Dame Fashion's pro
cession, and that society women should
follow In their footsteps.
Why?
Because actresses not only spend an
•cual amount of money on their gowns.
but they give hours of thought to their
costumes. They don't leave it entirely to
the dressmaker. They want something
original and new under the fashionable
run. It won't do to buy a eown like
Mrs. So-and-so's. It must be beautiful,
and above all individual and distinc
tive.
There scarcely lives a woman wno does
rot think that in her the stage has lost
t etar. and along with this delusion they
hue the idea that they can wear the same
g:own« that ««ora their stage heroines.
Tou tee a sylphlike creature on the
ttage one night, and a week afterward
you Jostle a caricature of her. who,,
forgetting the difference in asre and
weight, has modeled her gown after the
er.e on the other fide of the footlights.
But whether for good or bad. it is a
fact that many women look to the stage
for the fashions. They can buy a view of
the artists' gowns, though not privileged
to rub elbows with the society woman's.
That's another reason why the • stage
C'Jeen has dethroned the society leader In
the matter of setting the fashions. The
6tag© <jueen has a large following.
One does not usually look to vaudeville
for copyable gxjwns. The costumes of
the vaudeville are. as a rule, too un
conventional to be possible this side of
the footlights. Now and then a vaude
¦vtll© artist happens along with a trunk
full of gowns that would make- any wo
man crave their duplication. Mies* Etta
Bctler haa hafl a gxst of elgh» follow In
grays and browns, and best of all, pro
viding she is at all good-looking, the
shade known as fiamboise.
Extremely dark people look nicest in
almost every shade of rcse pink, orange,
• i'eep and rich purples, and blood red, but
not scarlet.
Brown-haired folks . can perhaps wear
more colors than any others without com
mitting terrible mistakes, but they
should avoid grays and greens.
Black is by no means universally be
coming, although if properly manipu
lated a black gown is always in good
style and good taste. AH white is beau
tiful, but delightfully extravagant, though
perhaps not more so than pale shades.
Remember that there are exceptions to
every rule, and of course a great deal de
pends upon the color of the eyes and com
plexion, as well a3 upon the shade of the
skin. Taking It all round, one will (Tad
that these suggestions do not exactly tally
with the opinion held by most women who
buy all their things at the sales. Thera
are a few happily blessed individuals who
always know exactly what suits them.
There are no colors more deceiving than
blues and p!nks. Turquoise blue Is a dif
ficult color to choose. To begin with,
there are many shades in the tones them
selves. The hard green tone i3 dreadfully
unbecoming, especially to fair people,
who usually affect it with al! zeal.
THE SITNDAY CALL.
3
MISS ETTA BUTLER
AND
HER PARISIAN
GOWNSMr. Drahms discusses the criminal un
der three classts— the instinctive criminal,
the habitual criminal and the single of
fender. He first considers the philosophy
of crime. Us genetlcal and historical out
line »nd criminal identification and type;
he then makes his classification of crimi
nals and. gives a detailed account of each
class, together. with many interesting and
Instructive statistics upon the subject.
Ho also takes up at some, length the. re
lation of hypnotism to crime. His'analy
sis of criminal characterization Is most
thorough and . his study of heredity - and
environment as . creative of ¦ the' offender
U> based. upon carefully compiled and ac
curate statistics,' together with authentic
examples.,, from which his deductions are
cleverly and 'clearly drawn. ¦ ' ' ¦¦ \
"This treatise, written by the chaplain
of a penitentiary over his own signature,
!s an evidence of the advancement of the
American over the ultramontane coun
tries of Europe, where, if a clerical could
be induced to touch upon such a. thefho at
all. it would bo on>y to combat one's theo
rlts to the bitter end. even to the extent
of employing the weapons of calumny
and malice." ; !.: : .^-
though one of the greatest Importance to
mankind. Cesare Lombroso has written
a most flattering: Introduction, the last
paragraph'* of which Is sufficient to show
his appreciation of the learned and scien
tific work of this California divine:
In favor of passing Indeterminate sen
tence on old offenders and making their
release depend upon their conduct in
prison and the Judgment of a special
boaiB of officials. Under these circum
stances a motive for reformation would be
given by the hope of securing freedom.
(Published' by' the Macmillian Company.
New York. Price J2.)
fl Story of the F r2nc b Revolution.
"Robert Tournay" is a romance of the
French revolution, entertaining and In
teresting, as one expects of a tale whose
hero plays an important part In the stir
rips' events of 17T3. •
rtobert Tournay. is the son of a man In
the service of a French nobleman,' and is
in love with the daughter of his father's
master. Fortunately for him. the revo
lution comes In time to partially reverse
the usual order of things in France, and
to make the union of patrician and ple
beian possible. But between tho begin
ning of his love and its successful termi
nation Tournay has to overcome many
obstacles, and to create for himself an
opportunity to gain distinction, which he
at last wins by bravery In battle.
• Mr. Sage, who . has - written ¦¦ the book,
evidently admires Dumas, and holds the
theory that imitation is the best proof of
admiration,' for ther*j appears In the sec
ond chapter, of "Robert Tournay" a scene
from Dumas, nominlbus mutatis. How
ever, a ¦ clever Idea bears '.,* repetition.
("Robert Tournay," by William : Sage.
Houghton, Mifflin & Co. --Price 5160.)
Ames 'on Forgery.
" It" might be difficult to imagine that a
book on handwriting would ' prove inter
esting to the' general reader, yet such is
the case with the- work Just published by
Daniel T. Ames'on th'e detection and'.il
lustration,of forgery. Mr. Ames has had
an' experience of more than thirty years
in , the study and : Investigation of ques
tioned handwriting and "during that time
has examined more than' 2000 cases ' and
given ' testimony ¦ In over '1200 In various
courts of the United States and Canada;
*2 {lustrations from Staufoy J. ideyman s ttovel " Sophia."
probablo one of overthrowing republics ;
Coralle Vanhoysen, a beautiful adventur
ess, and a whole-souled fellow, MacCart
ney.' They are making headway In the
work; when Durrington falls In love with
the President's (laughter. He cannot be
Induced to fight after this and goes over
to the enemy, dqjng some heroic. work in
the rescue of his llancee and her father.
sail from Boston on his unique cruise,
April 24, 1SP5, >
In South. Africa Captain Slocum was
rr.ade the cbject of a good deal of social
attention. lie made visits to Pretoria.
Johanr.esburg.and many other towns, and
the Boors treated him as a, great man.
while the English were no less friendly In
their reception . of him. . He was . enter-
The Incidents are, "..well chosen and the
detail work carefully brought out.
Mr. Boothby has written a terse, reada
ble story, which now appears in book
form, and although "A Maker of Nations"
is not destined to live beyond _a few sea
sons, it Is for, the nonce a pleasant way
of spending an afternoon. (D. Appleton &
Co., New York. •.!¦)
Sai ed Around th,z World.
For a man to take a sea voyage of
46,000 miles is no small . matter in itself,
but. to make a. trip; of that . kind in a
small boat of ' some forty feet in length
and entirely j alone 13 : quite * remarkable.
That Is what Captain Joshua Slocum did.
however, and he has not only lived to tell
the tale, but In addition has a good story
to . tell and ; tells it* well. His ; voyage' has
added nothing to the scientific knowledge
of the world,- nor j did he > make any " geo
graphical i discoveries, ;, but. It all: v shows
what skill and pluck can accomplish and
It : " makes • most interesting v reading : for
tained by President Kruger of the Trans
vaal, who showed him many marks of
favor, but who looked upon him as rather
an ignorant man when he talked of sailing
"around" the world. : VYou don't mean
•round*, the world," said the President; "It
Is lniuosslble. You mean *In* the world."
President Kruger. it seems, still regards
the world as- flat,* and refuses to listen
to arguments to the contrary. ,. r ?/,;'>
• Captain Slocum reached home en June
27, 1S93, and cast anchdr after a cruise. of
mcn» tlian 46,000 miles. : and an absence of
three" years, two months' and two days.' )
The book is well illustrated and '¦_ pub
lished'ln a most attractive form. It will
prove an addition to ¦ any library • and j Is
reading to ¦ be enjoyed by.. : all classes . and
ages. ("Sailing Alone Around the World,"
by Captain Joshua" Slocum." Published by
the Century Company, New York. Price
*2->; * '"• - . ¦ '
"The Pursuit of Camilla."
Clementina Black " has "written", a novel
of the document that "while books are
full of encomiums on Magna Charta even
the best known and most popular histori
cal writers do not publish the charter It
self; they content themselves with glv-r
ing general descriptions and calling atten
tion to tho particular passages. Even Sir
William Blackstone adopts the latter
plan." It will be seen, then, that the pres
ent translation affords the general reader
a complete record of. the charter
which is not otherwise readly obtained.
The work Is annotated with references
to Blackstone's Commentaries. Published
In this city by the author. Price 23 cents.
Literary Notes.
The^ total. eclipse, of .the !=,un, which will
occur' on May -28.' imparts a special in
terest to the useful lijtle volume, "The
Story cf Eclipses." by George F. Cham
bers, recently published by D. Appleton
An entertaining and intimate account of
Mary Cholmondeley appears in a preface
to the new edition of "Diana Tempest,"
just published by D. Appleton &. Co. There
is also a portrait of the author, drawn by
a well-known artist.
"Robert Tournay," the novel of the-
French revolution, by William Sage, pub--.
lished by Houghton. Mifflin & Co.. Is btinsr
dramatized for Daniel Frohman; who will,
stage the play with one of hia several emi
nently fitted stars in the title role.
Miss Lilian Whiting, author of "Kate
Field, a Record," "A Study of Elizabeth
Barrett Browning," "The World Beauti
ful," etc., who has been staying In Flor
ence at the Villa Trollope. will shortly go
to Paris, by way .of Milan and Lucerne.
Miss Whiting is preparing a new volume.
The Baron de Coubertln has Just com
pleted his book on, "France Since 1811."
which the Macmillan Company -wilt pub-
lish at once. The work attempts to set
clearly before the world an unvarnished
account of the political changes In the
France of this century about which so
many unfounded beliefs obtain in the rest
of Europe.
Ex-President Cleveland's first article on
"The Independence of the Executive."
whieh opens the June Atlantic, traces by
the historical method the relation whlcri
the executive haa borne toward the legis
lative branch of the Government since the
formation of the Union, and points out
those functions of ' the President which
have been delegated directly to him with
out the intervention or .control of Con
gress. ¦-¦;.¦; ..
Professor Fiske has undeniably earned
a right to the title of dean of American
historical writers. His large and impor
tant contribution to American history 'is
to receive a valuable addition in a history
of "The Mississippi Valley in the Civil
War." The volume will be brought out in
the spring by.. Houghton, Mifflin & Co.
"With the exception of a treatment of the
Civil' War," such as. was necessary for his
school history of the United States, the
forthcoming volume marks his first en-
trance into this important field of his
torical research and writing. The strug
gle for the possession' of the Mississippi
Valley was a life and death struggle for
the Confederacy.- and its' history in- Mr.
Flake's hands should be of the utmost im
portance and Interest. ;'... . - .
Mr. . Melvll Dewey - has . Just' lsAued ihe
list, of fifty, best books published during
" the past year, and pronounced by a plcbla-
n«a STANLET J. WEYMAN gives
// \/\ us a nfw novel under the title of
Ji ]h\" s °V M!i - " a Bt0 *y of thP EriRh*nd
of Qurer.e Anne, and while it can
hardly be *ald to rank with his best two
¦wcrlcs— "A -Gentleman of France", and
"I'nder the Red Robe"— neverthrley? It is
clever ar.d Interesting and will hold the
reader's attention from start to finish.
There Is always a delightful certainty
about Mr. Woyman's writing— a feeling
that Ins pints ulll turn out well ar.d to
the reader's satisfaction In spite of the
mazes of trouble ar.d thrilling Incident
through which he oMIges his heroes and
lif-roinrs to ra^s. This is explained by
<ju"tir.R his r.wn worfs in cliiv-tFss'.rg the
literature which he himself conaders the
best:
"I turn oftenest to cheerful books— to
liooks in v.hirh my old friends marry well:
for I think the s'-^pp /fa novel is prop
erly limited to providing sound, whole
6omp amusement. The novelist should not
strive either To preach or to "prove, but
merely to portray.** :
Th«» novel of incident if undoubtedly the
novel of (tie day. Such i-; Mr. Weyman's
forte, ari'1 fcenee : !:!s many readers. If
v.e pro bark Into the history of Enrrlish'
literature we lirxi -Hint the works whfcll
rre now rcco;rn:ze'1 a? living novels are
those of artiin. Trur, the psychological
novel ha<i its Cay ns-wji. l>ut U has never
appealed so Ftror?!y t« the reading nub
ile. The wnrks of the later .school, of tTie
present day, ofTer a healthy combination
of the tn Fchoni*. In thern we have the
fusion of dramatic Ir.cidfnt together with
The <1evrlr>f>mci)t of character and tae
analysis of motives.
In Mr. V.Vyrr.an's present r.ovel r>nf of
the crrmtest ohnms lies in the change of
his herr.5r.r> frr>m a sentiments! youn" girl
to a rob>, self-sacrificing romin. There
!s plenty rt dramatic incident as well to
keep the reader's interest on the keenest
edge, ar.ti a delightful uncertainty in tne
first few chapters as to who I? rclly thf
hern .in<l who the villain. Sophia is a
r1rh malil. surrounded by scheming roia
tlves and Intr'.puir.g suitors. She loses her
r"srt to nnp man and thcr. marries an
other to save hersf-if from scandal, wlfh
the ur.derstnn^incr that th!<* marriasre Is
to lie a mere form and she is to
herself a wife In name only. T5ie Mea Is
en r!d en*, but it never fails to hnld at
trition, as witness the sucres* of Mary
Johrrtrn's "To H.-ive and to Hold." whTC
The pam^ c;r<-nmstanrf»<t form the f^unda
tirn rf tVe story. While the men are not
fashioned on the strong lines laid down
In others of Mr. Wcyrmn's t*>Ies a*"1 t*i»
dcrfiupnfnts arc r.ot «f> thrilJInP. still th*»
complications ?re s^rlrtus ennueh to pr">v<>
p'icrnsFiD? end reouire an author of Mr.
TWyrrcfin's . Ingenuity to extrie.ite the
ohnraofrs d'.pusIWv frim sremins'v lr->
possihle riti.-atirrs. To eo into the plot In
detail wor.M be but to spoil the story for
the many who have rot read it.
Mr. Weyrnnn's descriptive r>a?saees a r e
filTvnys (r^od read!p<r. lie his rinn» so
rr.ur'i f "sot-vanderlne over France and
r.r.rlnvi that he could not go far wror.i
In writir.g of t-ither country, for h*» Is a
«-;o c <-' observer of men and customs, and in
ndcui'ion to peeing has noted and under-
Stood what he has seen.
Mr. V.Vyman is not an old man. nor ha*;
r><* been writlec novels for any great nutn
b"?r of rearm. Tie was bor.n in isk; «t Lucl.-
Invr. Salop, find Is., the son of Thomil
Woytr.an. His father is coroner and so
]!fit,cr for the county of Shropshire. His
first effort for education was at pevei
y p arr, wtsea b«» was rent to boardinxr-
Frhnol; then nt fifteen he went to the
Shrexntoarf Eehool and later to Oxford.
He tcnlc his degree of B. A. in 18T8 at
Ohrlstrhurrh and afterward became
classical instructor In the ICin*r"s School.
Chested lie then stucied law and Tvas
called to the bar In 1SS1. He went
the Oxford circuit, and continued to
practice until IR50. During this pe
riod h«> hibd foi:nd time, however, to have
a v-ander-year throuch 'the south of
Franco and then In l£tf he visited Egypt.
Italy and Sici'.y. He has put his many
travels to pood use in his writings, for
thry an bear tho stamp of the hand of a
man who has sern and done. He has a
tray of making h!s characters seem real
nnd human, and although he write** of
<~>licn days he does not tie up his dia
loprvios with obsolete words and ponderous
oxpressicn?. If he loses In historical real
ism h" certainly g&lnj In artistic effect.
The earner.-. v. - ill riv*» us an exact copy.
but it is th-> artist who presents us with
th» idealized and more pleasing picture.
The Illustrations, rj- the tray, in "Sophia"
show some very clever pen and Ink work
and are deserving of special mention. The
<!rai". - inj?s are by Chris Hammond and
prove a pleasing contrast to the many
Cheap illustrations and poor art work
which appear in some books to the great
detriment of the text. (Published by
Lon^xanf. Green & Co.; New York.
Price. $1.50.)
"The Redemption) of David Corscn"
P.eafirrs of the numerous fin de siecle
rovfls. written in a conventional style
ahnut conventional people and who long
for pcmethirg different will welcome with
dclljrht "The Redemption of David Cor
eon," by' Charles Frtderic Go«s. It Is a
most UUerestlng story, told with a grace
that !s a? charming as It Is unusual.
-Though tht>re is little in the bcok to re
mind *<jne of the period in which the
srejwB are laid — that of ante-bellum days
¦ — ihe style ot the story and the develop
ment of its characters are reminiscent of
Hawthorne and writers of the older
school.
As t!;e title of the novel implies the
Ftory told is cr a mcral fall and regenera
tion David Corson is a young Quaker
vho has been brought up In the seclusion
Cf a farm in Ohio. Endowed by nature
with ricat perwonal charms and with the
fir.rr prarcs of the spirit he became a
light 1:: the little community in which he
lives. Trtil he reaches manhood the life
of the yourg man Is singularly pure and
uneventful. Brought up In a colony of
Quakers tvho live in a secluded valley far
distant from th* exciting life of cities
or.ly poftcr.ed echors of the jarring rioises
of the outer world reach him. Assacla
tion with unworldly people and study of
the works of religious writers and mys
tic? help to tester the spiritual in his na
ture £.nd to kerp in abeyance the evil.
From Jh'.s' life- of peace there comes a
ruCc awakening: and Corson, with faith
In Ord Kono, leaves home and plunges
Into a career the opposite of that which
he has followed. He slips from bad to
worse and at last runs the pamut of mis
fortune and crime. Apaln. through an in
cident fo f tartlin* that it changes the
cunrnt of bis life and thoughts, he re
covers the faith of' his youth and returns
to his <>:d home to work out the expia
llcn of his sins. '..%>."
One Icterested In the study of the Influ
ence o!7 heredity versus that of environ
ment will lied entertainment in the evo
lution of the characters of David Corson
and of Pepeeta. the woman with whose
fortunes his became woven. David's
father, though talented, had vicious ten
dencies which finally compassed his down
fall and ruin.- Mrs. Corson brought up
David In the belief .that, his father, was
dead and surrounded him with the best
of influences. Yet when he passed be
ycr.d these Influences there 'sprang into
being the evil traits of his father and
these, with almost no opposition, gained
the mastery over the good. In sharp con
trast to David. Pepeeta had passed from
one evil Influence to another, and yet the
nobility of soul which was her birthright
has been kept unspotted.
By a strange anomaly, It Is love for
this r.oble woman which helps drag down
David Corson and sink him more deeply
In the depths of degradation, while Pe-
and Infix the criminal temper and encour
age to almost certain repetition."
The author has some original ideas to
offer upon the question of ; decrease of
crime rather In contradiction to the com
monly accepted theories. He holds that
"civilization Is as effectively thedlscoverer
of crime as she is the sympathetic and In
direct' source of crime. She uncovers
crime as well as breeds It, which is half
the remedy. The secret of criminal
growth is quite as much attributable to
the more intelligent effort and effective
machinery which enlightened society puts
forth toward ferreting out wrongdoing
and bringing the perpetrator to justice, as
in lending her Indirect influences toward
criminal propagation. The defensive
measures cf society gather strength in
proportion to the exigencies that call them
forth. Wherever and in whatever coun
tries these means and methods are em
ployed, whether In the line of preventives
as 'conditions precedent, or as subsequent
modifiers In the shape of reformatory and
Institutional agencies, the effects of such
appliance! are felt in the curtailment of
the criminal animus as well as in appre
cir.Mp reduction in Its numerical ratio.
Mr. Drahms thfnlts ;:jat the presonL sys
tem of (JentencinB is nut the best, lie i.«
peeta's love for David purifies her soul
and helps to cultivate in her a love for
all things beautiful and spiritual. Fortu
nately for David, after the evil tenden
cies, which are his Inheritance from his
father, have run their course unchecked,
the noble* qualities of his mother again
revive in him a desire to become ever
more conspicuous..
The descriptive work in the book, de
serves an especial word of praise. It
reads as if Dr. Goss had not only an Intel
lectual appreciation of the worth of beau
tiful scenes but also that unaffected love
of nature which is so much a part of the
soul of a writer that it exhales Itself like
perfume of the woods from between the
lines and leaves of his book.
The story Is an interesting one. It is
difficult to define the greatest charm of
tho book and to tell just where' it lies.
Perhaps much of the pleasure which the
book gives comes from the peculiar at
mosphere which a writer creates about
his work, and which, while bring as truly
a part of that p.s personality Is a part Qf
an individual, is as Incapable of des::rip
tlon. so that to"~be appreciated it must hi
fvlt for one's self. (Published by this
Bov. en-Merrill Company, Ir.dianu:i:>lis.
Price $1- 00.).
"Tr;e Ciiroinai "
We cf California shcu'.a ho -rar.d cf the
rrork of Ai:s"u5t Dra'nms. Mr. Drahma
has r-cer? the resident chaplain bt the S:in
Queniln. State Prison for many years and
1 as published several works en criminol
ogy, the 1-is: c-.d rncst complete of which
Is called •'The Criminal. His Personnel
nrd Environment." This book shows the
careful sluSy cf years cf reading arid cf
pcrronal obscrvatlopj and i~ upen a siil>
ject which has been rathef neglected]
sb he has certainly had experience enough
to give to the world a valuable book upon
a subject that has been of the greatest
Importance in many. prominent civil and
criminal suits. Mr. Ames, in his present
work, discusses at length the personallty
in handwriting and takes up some inter
esting phases of writing under abnormal
circumstances. He goes into a detailed ac
count of methods of forgery and Expert
testimony respecting handwriting . . and
gives upward of forty of the most noted
cases, not only of this country, but of
the world. The book contains 203 octavo
pages, over seventy of which have en
gravings illustrative of the points in
question. (Daniel T. Ames, 24 Post street,
San Francisco, Cal. In law sheep, $3; in
cloth, $2 50.)
"A Mailer of NatioQS."
In "A Maker of Nations" we have the
hero", Dick Durrington, a type of man so
common in Anthony Hope's novels of ad
venture.
We are Introduced to him in Cairo, but
the scene soon changes to a South Ameri
can republic, where Durrington has prom
ised to aid in the nefarious work of fo
menting revolutions.
His associates are Joseph Spielman. a
schemer, whose vocation is a most im-
cite of librarians to be the best selections
to be added to a village library. Heading:
the list with twenty-five per cent of the
votes is "Richard Carvel" and Marion
Crawford's "Via Crucls" comes third,
while among the other forty-eight are
Mrs. Alice Morse Earle's "Child Life in
Colonial Days." Mrs. Mabel Osgood
Wright's "Wabeno. the Magician." Pro
fessor L. H. Bailey's "Principles of Agri
culture," Dr. Van Dyke'3 "Gospel for a.
World of Sin." and Norman Hapgood's
"Abraham Lincoln, the Man of the Peo
ple." . The Macnrillan Company, who
have the good fortune to publish 'the
above-mentioned books, published ten per
cent of those chosen last year for the
same purpose.
"Electric Automobiles: Their Care. Con
struction and Operation" 13 the title of a.
very valuable little volume which has Just
been issued by Herbert S. Stone & Co..
the Chicago publishers. The author la C-
E. Woods, a practical electrical engineer
and the inventor of the Woods automo
bile. The book Is by far the most useful
volume on the subject published. Its in
formation 13 accurate and up-to-date and
its instruction is along just the lines which
the automobile owner and operator re
quires. The book contains all the regula
tions of the Automobile Club of America,
and the racing rules In France, besides a
chapter on the street operation of electric
vehlclea. Th are are also numerous Illus
trations showing the entire construction
of the carriages and batteries. The book
Is invaluable to persona interested in au
to mobiles.
There seems to be a Chopin renaissance
at the present time. Fifty years have
parsed since the great composer died and
musical circles are devoting considerable
attention to the revival of his works: the
great p!anl3ts, Paderewskl, De Pachmann.
Josefly. and others giving recitals, t.i-j
programmes of which are largely com
posed of Chopin's music. In this connec
tion it Is interesting fa note that in Mr.
Huneker's "Chopin, the Man and His Mu-'
sic."" recently published by the Scribners.
the author lias brought to light now facts
relative to the great composer which will
make neces3ary an entire reconstruction
of hitherto conceived ideas. In addition
to Mr. Huneker's presentation of tho real
Chopin, the author has given a detailed
exposition of his compositions, both from
the esthetlcal and technical viewpoints.
Mr. Hur.eker writes with enthusiasm ami
Invests his subject with the rare charm
and discreet criticism which mark all hij
writings.
The leading article In Afplcton's Popu
lar Science Monthly for May gives a clear
account of the coming total eclipse of tha
cun of May 2S. It is fully illustrated with
maps and diagrams. Professor F. H. Blge
low. the author. Is the professor of me
teorology at the United States Weather
Bureau at Washington. Comptroller Bird
8. Color gives an account of the finances
of New York City under the title "The
Most Expensive City In the World." Pro
fessor E. S. Morse, the naturalist, tells
the story of an Insect which blows bubbles
as a business !n life. The second of Pro
fessor Shaler's articles on the negrr> ques
tion is published in this number. Senator
George Cbahoon contributes an attractive
natural history sketch under tho title
"ThA Birds cf the Ailronclacks." Professor
F. W. Clarke'a article. Riving a popular
account of the advance of chemistry dur
ing the nineteenth century. Is concluded
in this number. An Interesting illustrated
account of Mount Tamalpais. near San
Franclrco. and its curious railroad Is con
tributed by Marsdcn Manson. "Interna
tional Law and the Peace Conference" is
the title of an article by James H. Vick
ery. LL. B.. discussing the recent peace
conference at The Hague, and pointing out
-the real advances in international law
which Its deliberations secured. "The Fate
of the Beagle." the ship in. which Charles
Darwin made' his famous trip around th»
world. Is told by the Rev. V. Marshall
Law, the Japanese traveler.
Dodd. Mead & Co. announce the publi
cation early In May of the "International
Year Book." a compendium of the world's
.progress for the year; 1S33. . This "Year
Book," Hke the one for 1593, Issued by tho
same firm, haa been edited by Frank,
Moore Colby. M.A.. prefessor of econom
ics in the New York University. The vol
ume covers the world's history for tha
year 4S09, one of the most Important in
the century, as it has fixed the. colonial
policy of our own country: tested Ens
land's national strength: determined very
largely the future of Africa; settled In a
measure the problem of the ; Jew in
France;, and has enabled Russia to com
plete the most stupendous business and
military enterprise, which has ever been
attempted. The. volume contain? ? 909
pages, with maps and Illustrations, and
treats among other subjects such Ques
tions as: "The AVar In the Transvaal";
"The Hague Conference": "Aerial Navi
gation"; "Trusts": "The Drama"; "Ex
perimental Psychology"; "Reconstruction
In Cuba": "Motive Power": "General
Leonard Wood"; "Lyddite"; "Education";
"Paris Exposition"; "Liquid Air"; "Wire
less Telegraphy"; and "Automobries," etc.
Ernest Seton-Thompson. popularly
known as "Wolf" Thompson, the friend
of wild animals and author of "The Biog
raphy of a Grizzly," haa become a popu
lar lecturer. Mr. Thompson says thru- hi*
Iea\-ing Manitoba for New York was due
to an order for over a thousand drawings
of birds and animals to Illustrate" '"Tho
Century Dictionary." On finishing this
task, ten years ago, he went Immediately
to Paris, ¦where his first picture — a sleep
ing wolf— was given a conspicuous placa
"on the line" at the salon. The writing of
his "Grizzly" book (which appeared. first
in the Century) 13 said to have -been
prompted by Rudyard Kipling, who had.
listened with breathless interest to its re
lation at the dinner table of a mutual
friend.
Books Received.
THE MAN FROM MARS— By "William
Simpson. Published by E. D. Beattie, San
Francisco. Jl In boards; 60 centa In paper.
MICKEY FINN— By Ernest Jarrold
Jamlftpon-Higslns Co., Chicago. In paper.
50 cents.
UNLEAVENED BREAD-By Robert
Grant. Charles Scribner's Sons, New
York. ?1 50.
A BALL, PLAYER'S CAREER— By Art
r.;nC. Anson. Era Publishing Co., Chi
cago.
IN LONDON'S HEART-By George R,
Sims. F. -M. Buckles & Co.. New York.
Jl 25.
COLONIAL CIVIL SERVICE-By A.
Lawrence Lowell. The Macmlllan Co.,
New York. Jt 50.
THE FARRINGDONS-rBy Ellen Thor
ncycroft Fowler. D. App'.eton & Co., New
York. Jl 50.
THE GARDEN OF EDEN-By Blanche
Willis Howard. Charles Scrlbner's Sons.
New York. $1 10.
THE GREEN TREE LIBRARY, a com
edy In five acts by George Moore. Her
bert S. Stone & Co., New York. Jl 25.
A MAN ADRIFT— By Bart Kennedy.
.Herbert S." Stone & Co., New York. Jt 25.
THE VALLEY OF THE GREAT
SHADOW-By Annie E. Holdsworth.
Herbert S. Stone & Co., New York. $1 25.
LEE'S AMERICAN AUTOMOBILE AN
NUAL FOR 11)00. Published by Laird &
Lee. Chicago. Flexible leather. Jl 50.
THE SCHOOLiJASTER-By Roger
Ascham. Cassell's National Library. New
York. Paper." 10 cents.
THE JLiRY TRIAL OF 1300— By Joseph
R. McLaughlln, . B. S;, L.L. B. Laird &
.^ee. Chicago. Cloth, 75 cents; paper. 25
cents. . "> 1/ # "Y"
A 'M ASTER OF CRAFT— By W. W.
Jacobs. Frederick A. Stokes Co.. New
York. .
EMPRES3 OCTAVIA-By Wilhelm
Wa.ioth. Translated by Mary J. Saftord.
Little. Brown & Co., Boston. 51 50.
LET THERE BE LIGHT— By David
Lubln. G. P. Putnam's Sons. New York.
STEVENSONIANA. A reprint of vari
ous literary and pictorial miscellany, asso
ciated with Robert Louis Stevenson, tha
man and. hi* work. In twelve parts, each
25 cents. The series $2 60. Published by
tho Bankslde Press. New York.
THE LUNATIC AT LARGE— By J
Storer Clouston. D. Appleton & Co*. New
York. • Jl.
lovers of good wholonomn adventure. The
captain had many thrilling escapes, - but
not one dancorous accident In all this
long, cruise of moro thun three years.
He brought his llttlt* ship Tho Bpray back
in as good condition as when he started,
and undoubtedly had a royal good time
on this prolonged holiday.
The Spray was not only commanded
and sailed by himself alone, but was
made by Jils own hands. She was but 40
feet long over all, 14 feet 2 Inches beam,
and 4 feet 4 inchos depth of hold, her ton
nage being 9 tons, 0 net, and 12 71-100 tons
gross.
The Spray was an old sloop which had
lain high and dry at Falrhaven, Mass.,
for many years, when a friend of Cap
tain Slocum presented her to him. He
began the work of rebuilding and im
proving her at once, and having remod
eled her according to his own ideas, de
cided to make a voyage around the world
in her. His notion was to go on the cruise
alone, and when It was announced a good
deal of argument arcre in the newspapers
regarding the feasibility of the scheme.
The captain, however, was confident of
his ability to make the voyage,, and fin
ally, n gainst the warning of many friends
and the scoffing of many others, he set
called "Th« Pursuit of Camilla," which
abound* In heroin, heroines and villains.
Thn mptw In lnld in Italy, where a party
of KnKllr.li urarch for Camilla.. She has
bi'en induced to leave her home under
fii!*" rtrrt**!!*** arnl finds herself a prisoner
in Italy. Bhe In found by her friends, but
again captured by the rogues, one of
whom trl«-» to force her to marry him In
order to gain her fortune. She finally es
capes and In the end marries the man who
has b«cn In love with her for years. (J. B.
Ltpplncott Company, Philadelphia. 50
cents.) ' ¦
Magna Charta.
John Goss, A.M.. proft-saor of jurispru
dence in the Kent College of Law. has
translated from the original Latin the
jlagaa Charta and published It in pam
phlet form for the use of those who de
sire fo make a study of the famous docu
ment. No other state paper since the be
ginning 'of history has been so often re
ferred to or so often commenced .as the
great charter which the barons of Eng
land, under the lead of the Archbishop of
Canterbury, wrung from King John. It
Is the foundation stone of that British lib
erty w-hlch is based upon law, and yet
despite its vast popularity, it is rarely
read. Mr. Goss notes in his short history
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Mr.' Drahma* chapter upon, recldlvation
contains many original ideas based upon
well authenticated figures and will prove
of e^pt-clal interest to the student of crim
inology. In closing-, ,he. offers a- sugges-"
tlon that should be worthy of. considera
tion: •¦-;;.' : , ¦ - • < -•
"The State prison, with Its present
methods of Incarceration and the' absurd
system of sentencing and punishments
in vogue are the chief external ministerial
agencies that .go In aid of the recidlvlstic
habit. Brevity of sentence In the case
of the recidivist and undue length of pun
ishment in the case of first offenders tend
unequivocally and Irrevocably to create
& Co.
BOOK REVIEWS
4cousins In Germany and I saw them all.
Karla and I had such , good times with
our little German cousins, only so many
of them are named Gretchen we'd get
them mixed up.
In Leipzig I played for. about fifty Amer
ican girls who are there studying music
The only other people were the musical
critics. It was just delightful to play for
all those musical Americans and critics.
I mustn't forget to tell you' that I met
Joachim and how good he •was to me. and
eald very kind things. ••' ' \ '
Of all the places I have been I love
Switzerland best. Sometimes we shut our
eyes tight and pretend we're there. I'm
sure I'll always remember that scenery.
While In Lucerne we met Sieg
fried Wagner. He said h» had
heard of me. and hoped that I
would grow up to be one of .the greatest
artists. I could not play for him. for w«
had no piano, and besides wo wero all
there to rest. We used to take long wa'.ks
together and he would tell me of hi*
father.
While w» were In Switzerland papa re
ceived a copy of a San Francisco news
paper with a story about my belec a
mental wreck. I had Just come back
from a Ion? climb and they called me tha
"Wunder Kind" because I stood It »o well.
Everybody laughed at people saying X
was sick. I had gained fourteen pounds and
was so rosy. Papa and mamma were vary
annoyed because other papers In America
copied It. and people thought I was side
when I was really so well and happy.
On the steamer coming home there was
a concert given for the benefit of the hoi
pltal ship Maine. Both the Lehmann*
and several other artists wero on board
and they each gave a number. I played
twice. We made lots of money, and be
sides on one of the programmes wa each
wrote our own name, and Andrew C*rn*
gie bought It for fifty dollars.
Wo were so happy to get back to our
dear adobe home In Los Angeles. I'm cur*
my rabbits and pets were Just as glad to
see Karla and me as we were to be bade
with the darlings. We've had such fun th»
last three months that we spent home. I
bad to practice every day and study my
lessons and give sister Karla her musts
lessons, but besides we found time to play
In the garden Just like we used to before
we went away. The flowers all grew
much better after we were home— I thinlc
they knew we were watting for them to
poke their pretty heads through the
ground.
Now we have started on another Joar
ney. 'Trie great European critics say It
will not hurt me to give concerts for an
' other year, for my hand Is still too small
to study. I have to make up a technique
of rny own cow because I can't stretch aa
octave.
I think I've told you most all about ray
wander year. Just put down how much Z
like San Fraacisco and then I'll sign my
name.
/^un^c5 o^ r lV
0 T would take a long, long time to de
| ecrlbe my "wander year." I am so
J p rlad that The Call lets me just talk
¦ t, because I don't lik*» to write In Eng
liEh. I keep a diary, but It's all written
In German. I'm sure I could make the
journey over again in the time It would
take rae to write this. It's so nice to
fpeak it, for' then nobody will find out
the words I can't spell.
Af:*>r we l«ft San Francisco two years
ago I played in many, many "cities, from
here all through British Columbia. They
were jUFt lovely to me every place and
Karla and I had such Rood times. Then
we went to Salt Lake City and I played
In the big tabernacle, where the softest
cote Coat? into every corner. In Denver
we had a. cunning little sleigh, and pony
er.d used to ride over the enow. The jing
ling of the sleigh bells Is very sweet mu
c!c If you've a cap with car-laps on to
keep out Jack, Frost.
From Texas we went to Mexico. Oh,
that Is the country where the people love
music. They want only classical music.
tn« how they clap and call you sweet
raises U they like you. I've heard that If
they are not pleased . they show It by
throwing horrid things at you. They never
threw anything at me but beautiful flow
ers. We stayed in Chihuahua longest, and
1 give many concerts before they would
Jet me go. I used to try to talk Spanish
all the time, and they never laughed at
me. but said. "Nina Paloma has the gift
for pura Mexlcana."
In the City of Mexico we met very many
high Government but Mexicans
are all alike; rich or poor, they have nu
de In their souls. I loved to play for
them. And the funny things we Raw. Oh,
yes. I forgot to tell you about the queer
little Chihuahua dogs that haven't any
¦VTe took the steamer at Vera Cruz and
tailed for New Tork. Karla and I were
co happy on board ship, and we were fine
sailor?, too, and never were seasick one*.
I like eailore— they tell you such ni« fish
rtortes. The captain had us rowed over
to the city of Havana when we came to
Cuba. My. but it was dreadfully hot there.
In New Tork I gave a concert and then
we called for London. What do you think
teas the first thing I did when I reached
Lcnfloa? I made them take Karla and
rce to eee Mme. Melba. Toy know. I
played for Tier when she was here, and
¦Be made me promise to visit her. Mine.
Melba was staying at the Hotel Cecil, and
ehe opened her door and ran out Into the
t0 meet us and kissed and hugged us.
PALOMA SEHRAMM, THE LITTLE PIANIST, TELLS ABOUT HER WANDER YEAR
play for her. I had to leave London bo
fore that and I was so sorry.
In London I saw many great musician*
and lords and ladles, but I liked the mu
ulcians best. We visited with the Her
schels and had lovely times with them and
their friends. I didn't give any public
concerts, but played at the houses- of tha
great ladles. £ baroness wrote to me and
asked me r to play at a benefit for vaga
bond cats.' but papa wouldn't let me.
Oh. I want to tell you about the opera,
Karla and I gave. ; We ( had thirty-two
/dolls, when we came to London, and we,
took the ones Madame Melba gave us and
made them the prima donnas. I: called
mine Melba and Karla named hers Nordi
ca. .Our dolls, are used to pretending that,
they belong to' an opera company, , and
they play their roles fine, but no wonder,
because we have such great -artists— Jean
de Reszke.and hte brother and Blspham
and Llll Lehmann and many others. All
we needed were Melba and Nordlca,
Karla and I worked days and days, pdnt- '
Ing miniature scenes for "Lohengrin.", W«
bought a swan and had •everything JuBt
like the real opera. Madame Melba cam*
with some/of her. friends. They were all
Pressed in beautiful ; shiny satin drosses t
md diamonds because they were going ,to
a ball : later. But they enjoyed the ' dolls'
op«ra so much* they forgot about the ball
ui id stayed two hours with us. Karla ;
moved the , dolls around while I Impro
vised on the piano; and; Melba said she*
had never enjoyed ."Lohengrin" /so much.
After the dolls', opera Madame • Melba
played a valse arid • the" gentlemen danced '
with Karla and me.*.
We never travel without our doll opera '
company . and ; It's : lots of fun'pretending
they-will get sore throats. If. they're In a
flraught. ' We treat them just as if they're
real artists, only; we won't let, them be
Jealous of each other, because I don't
think that's; nice. > : V -
Proin ' England . w« - went to : Germany. -
Just .: think. I have thlrty-elarht llttl»
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
She said right away. "Wasn't I a oad girl
to forget your dolls?" When Mme. Melba
was here she promised us two big dolls,
but, you see, she has so many things to
do. she hadn't found time to send them.
She pave us each the most beautiful doll.
Mme. Melba often Invited us to come to
h<r apartments and I played from themes
that the great people there wrote for me.
One was the Grand Duke of Hesse, who
i«= a grandson of Queen Victoria. He can't
«ee very well, and he Tvrf teg. notes Vworsa
than Karla. But he is'vefy musical and
clapped his hands and kissed me when I
finished. His grandmother. Queen Victo
ria, was in Scotland and he said as soon
as she came back he would take me Uetruments. She drew it gently from its
hiding place, after looking . to see that
the policemen were far away. They could
not even.be seen. The steel blade of the
open- lancet glittered, reflecting the yellow
butterfly flame of the nearest street lamp,
and the white hand spotted with freckles
of the young girl closed convulsively upon
the haft, and made the upward gesture of
one opening: the side of a J chloroformed
patient. W hat mysterious hereditary In
stinct, suddenly awakened, ; aroused : a
murderous frenzy in tha soul usually, so
pitiful? Germaine regarded the slender
instrument of death, manufactured to.be.
an arm of life, and trembled with -spas
modic glee. •¦-• '/ '..;:
But a carriage turned ths corner of the
street, two. diamond-like - sparks. Its
acetylene lamps, -flashed out In the dark
ness. Germalne hurriedly thrust the lan
cet back under her cloak, with its handle
within reach of her hand. The. carriage
came along at the measured; trot of a big
bay horse and stopped before the house.
M. Duramberty • got out,; spoke a few
words through the open window; to. same
one ' who remained In -: the " carriage, and
then said to the coachman: . .
"Achille," drive this gentleman homo.' Be
here at 8 o'clock to -morrow morning.";.;;
And "while the carriage wheeled ¦ round
and drove off he felt in hla pocket for
his bunch of keys. •. • r , ¦
: Germaine came out of her shelter and
approached him quickly.
"Monsieur Duramberty." . \ . Vk i;
The manufacturer considered tha figure,
which he could see was ;i graceful and
youthful,' although he could not. distln- r
Kutsh - the " features hidden,: aa -.theyj were."
by the veil, .with some surprisa. • Ke
thought he was dealing with a belated ad
\enturess. ¦
."That's rather an odd way. of accosting
one." he said, laughing:. "Whera the
mischief did you come from?"
"I wanted to speak. to you, M.-Duram
berty." . " .
She raised -her, veil : and Bhowed her
pretty face In a halo of red curls. He sud
denly recognized her.' ¦ :' . ,
"Oh. Mademoiselle! '- Excuse me. " I"
recognize you now. ; We are neighbors in
Jfer Strmed Wrist iOas Gripped in ; the Manu
facturer's firm * fingers.
the archway, he opened the door
of a suite of rooms on the
ground floor.
"Walk in, mademoiselle."
The door closed and the elec
tric light turned on, Gi-rmalne
found herself in a brilliantly Il
luminated room hung with pale
blue silk, furnished like a lady's
boudoir, with a low bed in one
corner, cushioned seats, no pre
tension to style, a" number of
engravings hanging upon the
wall, and, before her,- Duramberty,
who /smiled as he '.looked her over.
His broad shoulders and ruddy visage
under the thick hair, impressed
her. 'She had never seen him so closely
before. She had not thought him so tail,
nor of so virile or intelligent a bearing.
She noticed the beauty of his mouth,
firmly modeled under the light mustache
that still remained brown.
'"You soe, no one'ean disturb us here,"
he said. "Sit down, I beg of you. and take
off your cloak. No? Very well, as .you
like. At any rate you will take a glass of
v/ine, will you not? We have walked
rathcrUjulckly."
She did not reply. He took her silence
as meaning that she accepted-. Opening a
little cupboard he took out two champagne
glasses?, which he placed upon a - little
Kuerldon, then,- stooping: down, he select
ed a bottle of champagne from among a
number, that filled* the. lower shelf of the
cupboard.' From the low armchair .where
she was sitting Germalne could see -the
broad shoulders of the manufacturer/his
red neck and' bushy : gray . hair. She
touched the haft of the, lancet In her
bosom under her cloak., "It, would be
very easy now if I chose." she thought.
And once more a wild Joy flashed through
her entire being. "No." she reflected, "he
must reply to me- first. ' He . shall pro
nounce his own sentence." <
Duramberty arose, tore off : the capsule
of , the bottle, < adroitly uncorked . it and
tilled the glasses. ¦;'.'. •
."Allow me, mademoiselle."
"No— in a few minutes— 1 wish to speak
to you first.". ¦•"
. Duramberty put down • the brimming
glass with its .little evaporating; bubbles.
He sat down before Germaino with a re
signed air. .- :
"I am listening, mademoiselle," he said
aloud. ¦ -*¦.;- ¦ ¦¦- .- ¦ r . "• \: :¦
The moments she "tried: to speak,- Ger
malne felt extreme embarrassment. . After
the unhealthy excitement of the day and
the half conscious delirium of the last few
nours she suddenly became again the sim
ple and modest young girl, the companion
of:Pirr.itz and Daisy. -The ; place where
she was. alone with this , man, the chara-
their Ions lashes, to the fingers strangely
curved at the tip. •
"She is hysterical,", he thought. "I must
look out."
"M. Duramberty," Germaine continued,
in an ill-assured voice, "Spare us. Be
Just. It is your duty." -
"But, I tell you again, I have no in
tention of being hard upon you. You In
sist absolutely upon discussing this busi
ness with mo? Well, Uet us talk it over.
It is only natural, after all, that I should
try to protect my interests, now that Mile
de Saintc-Purade is ruined, is It not? I
see no reason why I should allow creditors
whern J don't even know to seize the 300
000 francs, which form my security, with
out making some protest. But with that
reservation, I promise ycu I will be indul
gent about, the question of the dates your
payments will, become due. I will be very
easy in my terms, you understand?" -'
He grasped her left hand. Sho did not
withdraw, it. Her right was still ner
vously rtngcringr the buttons of her bodice
under her cloak. She did not perceive
that Duramberty. in spite of the feverish
desire that agitated him, never lost slight
of that right hand. He touched It with
his lips and caressed It. Germalne sighed
"Let me so, sir. Let me go!"
He obeyed. It was an Instant before sho
coulrt recover possession of herself so
much had her poor organism with ' its
hereditary nervousness been stirred by hla
caress, the nrstshe had ever received
from a man. When at last she could
speak; sho said : :: 'JS89&%Ql8lg0£a$seg l
"You, will postpone the date of payment
until later, you will sigh an agreement "
"Oh. sign an agreement! I don't care to
be doubted. Besides, postpone the nay
ment until when?" . •
"Oh, put It ofT as long as you can, two
years or one year. If you like. We will de
posit SO.OOOf straight away."
"I am either; dealing, with a mad
woman," thought Duramberty, "or this is
a little trick devised by those artful
women." The last hypothesis appeared
the more probable to him. 1 for Germaine
stuck to herldea with such obstinacy. He
ceased ; to smile, and in"a firm tone • of
voice, which- contrasted with the amused
though courteous air he had hitherto
worn, he said: . »;;
VI refuse to make any engagement
Your friends have only to trust me with
out formulating any -conditions; I shall
decide according to the way they act with
regard to me whether ? to be indulgent or
severe.' V '¦'/'-¦ :;-.>•. ¦ ¦; ;¦;- ' ¦
"So. you will send the bailiffs to-mor
row?" said Germalne. preparing to rise
VI shall naturally take every precaution
necessary, to protect my rights.
VBut you will not let our note: go to
Fr*aeriqt>» Purler i« the l!le»1tln>at« daughter
ef a mi:!lcr.*Jre't «on. A hasty marri&ge
r*trhfd up between th« mother and an employ*
of the millionaire liiuill five yeara later In the
birth cf Lea. Surler. Th« haif-Blstem, left
orrtan*. secure employment ' n Joda Duram
berty's wallpaper manufactory. Because Jude
rcakes !rr.:ircz>er advance* to FrederlQue. both
r:rl8 resign.
Komatne Plmltr. an enthueJastlo apoetle of
the new womanhood, comn-.ends them to the
rare cf the Noble Maidens, a society Bhe has
formed in Budapest, London and Parts, to
teach piris a trade, develop the!r Independence
and their morals and make them social factors
In the r-ejreneratlon of men. The ICoble Maid
ens further hold celibacy nobler than mar
riaire.
Throurh th!« agency the sisters obtain work,
Srrt In London and then once more In Paris.
In London they make the acquaintance of
Georg end Tinka Orism. brother and elster.
the first a sculptor, the second a novelist.
FrederiQue secretly and Lea openly fall in love
»Hh Geora-. He eneares himself to Lea, but It
1* understood that the union shail be a platonlo
er.d mystic one.
Gecre Rfcetter* th!» dream by one too pes
sion«te kits. I^a breaks w.th him. The sep
aration becomes final when." a few? months later
1n Peril, he confesses that he ha» lost his
virginity. Nevertheless. L«a Etill yearns for
her. Jovor, cr.d doubts the wisdoTJ of her de
cision. <!eep!t« the approval of the Noble
Maidens.
Tht exaaple of •riothfr Noble Maiden. Day
verk* Jlerpel. in engaging ber?elf to marry a
v-idower naroed Hemlneau. completes her per
ricxity.
Jude Duramberty. *t!l! In '.ove xrtth Fre.i
*ri<;ue. no* propo(>e« to marry her. She re-
Jocte him. He becomes her <?rcnjy and seeks
to ruia the society by Oernandlng instant p«y
xaent cf a large sum he haJ loaned.
BOOK THE SECOND.
Corvr!ghted-CHAPTER Ill-Continued.
r? KN have arranged society ac
ll \V \V corfllcs to their own likinp.s, and
Jl J& y> * OT lh '* lr ' &t " !veE! alone! Their ras
calitHs have no evil conse
quences for them! They are anonymous,
end no one knows anything of them. And
e.s it appears tr.at women have the same
needs"
She did net linish her phrase, rather
a^hairu-d cf having eomrr.c-nced it. As a
rr.attcr of faot. a gulf separated Uer doc
trines and seniimeutrt from the sentiments
and doctrines of 1'rederScjue or a Pirnitz.
Daisy also believed that certain women,
hcra.lds of a new ape . have as a mission
the untrammekd instruction of other wo
men, and for that purpose are better in a
state of celibacy. But her unhappy
youth, icf habit of open-handed chanty,
perhaps, also, the remembrance of the
Protestant hypocrisy 1'rom which she had
formerly ecSTered^ had incuUatod in her
an indulgence lor Fins of the flesh which
6he, personally, had never committed,
had never been umptcd to commit, and
•which imrr.ciate so many feeble women
to masculine tyranny:
About 1 o'clock that same nisht Ger
xnair.t's slumber became quite calm, like
that cf a little child. Daisy, who was
now fa.mV.iar with the law governing
euth altack6. paw that it was finished
and wtr.t to b^U. She rose the following
day at 6 o'clock and left her dear Ger
maine to sk-ep until 7. She had to shake
her by the arm to v.ake her. At half
past 8 Germaine gave a lesson in practi
cal chemistry to the oldest pupils. She
devoted the rest of the morning to her
Irnedicu! studies, for she aspired to pass
the examinations of the faculty, so that
the school might have a certificated doc
tor upon its Ptaff. She appeared lucid,
•well balanced in tier mind ana almost joy
ful.
After the noonday meal the committee
of management wa.s culled together to
make arrangements for mocrlnfj Imme
diate nc-< esj-iti^s. There was only one day
to elapse Ittfore me <;nd of tne period
fixed by Duramberty for the payment of
the first l&.r.'WU fragcp, tho hall" of the
fresh security. Frederique and Pirnitz
had to admit that they had failed to col
lect the necessary sum. They were even
far from it, for with great uiiflcuity they
had only got together about b2.000 francs.
Free Collejre had not given all the assist
ance to the School of Arts for Women
that thf-y had expected. Mine, Sanz's re-
I sources were ample, but tho employment
of her funds wis rigorously supervised
and decided upon by the donors. Mine.
Sanz had tried to interest the Knglish in
the French undertaking, but t=ho had been
battled by the iJrittsn lndiiTi-rence for
everything not directly affecting the
United K:!:g<lo:n and also by a suspicion
that was almost hatred of a. school man
aged by a l':;ri<ian woman. Still, she had
rr.ar.ago<) to collect ~C'W0. The deficit was
still considerable. The committee was as
ead a.* a. deathbed group. Pirnitz and
FreiJerique *ere of the opinion that the
only thlr.g: to do vvas to wait, to continue
their efforts to increase the sum at their
disposition until M. Duramberty made a
threater.ir ; g move. They would then pro
pose a compromise.
"He will not accept." declared Mile.
Heurleau.
"How do you Ivnow?" asked Daisy.
"Durambrrty is not nn ordinary 'cred
itor, lib debt is his vcnge:mcc, and he
¦Rill r.ot let it go."
"In any <a*-e." said Frederique, "he
cannot turn us out by force. If he serves
a. summons upon us we will appeal to the
courts. A trial of that kind wiil last sev
eral months, am! in the meantime we may
have found sufficK'ist nionej"."
"There 1p another solution of the diffi
culty." said MUe. Heurteau, "but none of
you will liiste-M to si"
"To sell ourstlves to the municipality
ar.d the State 1' cried Fredcrique. "Ah!
JCever!"
"Ah:" rer>!le<1 the former teacher, "It
is very evident that you «'.<» not know the
I'rencii aclmnilstr.itic:i! We should be In
finitely more at peace if we were an offi
cial umleriaklr-s. All that one needs is to
know how to ge-t round the regulations."
Fredcri<:i:e interrupted li»-r, and said,
with a certain severity; that made the
former public school teacher blush:
"Our role is not to learn how to get
round th«' resii-ations. We ought to give
to ot:r pupils the example cf respect for
the lawa that we accept; we cannot,
therefore, accept laws that our conscience
reproves."
The mc-tin? cnrai tr» nn end without
any d*-cis-:i<.n having been taken other
than the wailing policy advised by Fred
erique. They v.-ould wait and see what
the future held in store. There was only
one <let>i which tfcpy feared, that owinj? to
M. Durauibcrty. As seion as his represen
tative came they would offer him the
eighty thousand francs. Tho lawyer whom
Ihry consulted on this mutter assured
them thst the tribunals would probably
indorse this olter, and \vould grant a pe
(riod of OmoAa the school in which to free
itself. v
Neither Lea nor Gernjalr.e took any part
In the discussion. Lea. was nervous Hot
custs of color ilred her cheeks from tim«
tc '.line, suffusing her pale visage, and her
eyes blazed with fovor. A single idea
haunted her, now that the Bchool was
fee- to face with elcstruction:
"The prison is falling to pieces around
El 1 !"
She was oulte indifferent to all the
eSorts rnado to save the work. Ruin ao
j»carcd inevitable. Nothing would suc
ceed. \joa. felt sure cf it, and the work
would sink.
As for Germaino Eoubize, perfectly calm
after the night of suffering, she listened
lUteritivoly to the debate without takine
part In it. Dal?y. alarmed by her silence
questioned her and asked her opinion
upon several occasions, but she only ob
tained evasive replies.
The rtay was like all other scholastic
days. The young mistresses had decide-d
to continue their daily work no matter
what- dangers might surround them, and
nny one who had visited the school that
«»:¦• and had seen the industrious hiveful
of ix-ec at work would never have believed
It threatf-r.e4 with extinction.
About 7 n"o!ock In the evening, a few
minutes before, supper. Daisy Craggs en
tered GermaSno's roam as usual to go
« downstairs v. itli her. She was surprised
rot to find her there. Usually the young
pirl profited from the little leisure before
meals to continue her medical studies.
6ynopsis of Preceding Chapters.
Daisy went to the dining room alone with
out any anxiety.
Tho little one had already gone down,
she thought.
But she only found Mile. Heurteau and
Lea In the dining room when she arrived
there. Then Frederique and Pimitz came
In, and the pupils and assistant mistresses
followed in proups. Daisy Craggs asked
them all if they had sten Germaine. She
then learned that the pretty red haired
girl had been met by several people about
half-past 5, "with her straw hat. her
brown silk cloak and shotsilk parasol,"
In the corridor on the ground floor. She
had crossed the courtyard, with its aca
cias, a few minutes later, going in the
direction of the Rue des Vergers. Daisy
immediately ran to make Inquiries from
the gatekeeper, who told her that Ger
maine had pone out a little before 6
o'clock, very calmly. The gatekeeper *had
bowed to her as she passed, but had not
spoken. Germaine had turned to the right,
toward the Porte du Bas Meudon. Tha
countenance of the Irishwoman, as she
repeated these details to Pirnitz and Fred
erique; was so troubled that her anxiety
was soon shared by everybody. They
could r.ot bring themselves to begin sup
per and tho pupils became uneasy."
"Mile. Germaine has gone away."
This was the whisper that was passed
from lip to lip, with a thrill of curiosity
and dlsmav. Germalne was worshiped by
her pupils. Besides Duyveckc's departure
although explained to the girts as clearly
as possible. lia«l aroused their curiosity
with regard to the lioingp and movements
of their mistresses. Fredcritjue. realizing
tho 4an£er there was in this inopportune
emotion, told the oft'ervoscent younsrster.-s
to sit down, and the mini began. Daisy,
who was dying with anxiety, could not
ont. She rose bcTorp the end, and said to
Pirnitz:
'"I am jroing to drers and go and look
for Gerrr.aine. Something has surely hap
pened to her. Good God: .What can have
happened? I am going."
Pirnitz took her by the arm.
"No. Daisy, you must stop here!"
¦ "What <io you mean'.'"
"You iTiust stop here. You have already
caused enough trouble with Germaine.
You must step here!"
"Oh: Pirnitz!"
"It is your duty. The school is the ob
ject or suspicion In the neighborhood. If
you w>r« :-'.?en wanderins about looking
for one cf tlie^ mi^m-sscs what do you
think people would suppose? Besides, you
take aiarni too quickly! There Is nothing
to indicate an accident. Germaine is very
pelf-willt»d. you know, :\r.O cupable of tak
ing :i suJtlen resolution. It is quite prob
able that she has determined to make an
other effort; the day bofnrewe must .pay
in the money, and to appeal once more
to her former professor, l_>r. Bouchardon,
in order to arouye an interest in us."
"Do you think so?" said Daisy," catch
ing at the little hope in this very plausi
ble suggestion.
"As a matter of fact she did think of
it: she rvt*:i sj>oke to me about It. In ad
dition, to try and find her would be. idle.
Believe me, she has probably wailed for
Bouchardon at his house, and may not re
turn before evening."
Dais-y bowed her head, and without re
plying went away and reached the stair
case. The weight of the discipline she
bad accepted seemed heavier to her than
ever as she went up the pteps, already
worn smooth at the edge by the scholars'
feou Could it be possible, that they now
forbade to go in search of her beloved
daughter".'
"Oh, how wicked it 1."! How cruel of
them: 1 have had enough of their school!
It may go to the devil I"
She went into the room of the absentee.
Jocked the door and began to pace to nnd
fro from the window to the bed,- scanning
the courtyard, where twilight was gath
ering, breathing the faint acrid odor that
pervaded the atmosphere, left there by
the red tresses and delicate white skin cf
Germaine.
"But If she has gone to see Bouchar
don what is she doing— what is she doing
cut so late?"'
She rememlyred her enigmatical atti
tude all day. The little one was certainly
turning over fome project in her mind.
Aftor all. Pirnitz was probably right. Ger
maino must have gone to Bouchardon's.
"But in that case why did she not speak
to me about it?"
Half-past 8. 9 o'clock, half-past 9, rang
out from the school belfry. Night had
come. The pupils were in bed; the build
ing was filled with an immense silence In
that quarter of workshops and communi
ties. A prey to impatience, Daisy returned
to the Katekceper"s lodge. Germaine had
not been s=een. For a moment she was
tempted to go through the gateway, to
penetrate the deep darkness beyond.
"Pirnitz forbade me!"
She retraced her steps, -went across th#
again, slowly remou"nted to
(Jermaine'ss room. There she knelt down
bej-MOe the young girl's bed and wept.
She also. L'ke Lea, like Duyvecke. hnd
felt a few moments before at the thresh
old of the school, the bond that linked her
to the work tensed and .ready to break.
Yet she had not crossed the threshold.
She had returned. ¦ She only remained
there through helplessness, all her will
power broken, but perfectly indifferent to
the f.itf of the work. Successful or ruined
what did it matter to her? And her besom,
heaving with sobs, her kindly red face
bathed with tears, she could ntot dis
tina-uJsh what It was she 'was weeping
for. whether for her lost friend or for her
sham-rod illusions.
At- that moment Germalne Soubize,
frathrring her little brown silk cloak
st round her shoulders and bosom, wa*
strolling up and down the wide, almost
deserted, sidewalks* of the avenues which
iauiate from the Place de l'Alma toward
the Champs Elysees. As Daisy had
learned, the young girl had left the school
about a quarter to 6 without notifying
any one. In fact, hnd she been asked
where she was going she would have been
embarrassed to reply. A violent Impulse
constrained her to take a step as yet
barely defined in her mind, but trie neces
sity of which appeared irresistible to her.
She went straight to the Duramberty
wcrkhhup. and asked if the manufacturer
could be erert. She was told that he had
left the factory a fev.- moments before.
"Could you tell rneAvhcre he Is at pres
ent?" she said. "I have a very. Important
inr-?5-ape for him." ¦-
The boy at the door, who was reading a
journal and ajip.irontly was anxious not
to be interrupted any longer, replied, as
he began to rend again: , .
"No. C Hue Francois I."
Germalne thanked the boy and walked
away; at first quickly, then at an easy
pare, toward the Porte due Bas Meudon.
through which she entered Paris. Sh«
followed the Sf-ine, crossed the Pont Mira
beau, went rlong the quays toward the
Trocadero and the Place de I'Alma. The
riverside scenery, with Its immense scaf
foldings outlining along Its banks the ex
hibition buildings, caused her to stop sov
er.il tirrcs. The evening promised to bo a
ss>lerdM one. not at all overpoweringly
sultry in spite of the persistent brilliant
sunlight, thanks to a • strong northeast
wind which rippled the surface of the
Seine. Germaine was animated by a curi
ous ardor, by a longing to walk, to talk,
to act. She saw everything, around her.
with accustomed precision ard relief, so
clear was her mind. A single detail an
noyed her. At intervals a keen pain at
the nape of her neck made Itself felt and
v.as followed by a brief dizziness. She did
not trouble about it. however; she had
often suffered the same way after one of
her nervous attacks in the night. .
"He ought to be at home now," she
thought, as she arrived at the PJace de
l'Alma. v
The clock In a workshop at the corner
of the Avenue du Trocadero indicated ten
minutes past 7. She hastened her pace,
went across tho Place, up the Avenue
MontHigne and turned Into the Rue Fran
cois I. No. 6 was a private house, two
stories high, and -of aristocratic appear
ance. The -wrought iron gate., with thick
sheet glass behind and two shining copper
knobs, was closed. '
Germaine rang. v The right half of the
folding gate vibrated" sullenly.' and half
opened. The young girl pushed It open
with an effort and entered the arched hall.
In the gatekeeper'* lodge, furnished as a
rococo salon, a tall footman :¦ with side
whiskers looked her over.
"M. Duramberty?" I
"He's not at home."
"Will he return for dinner?"
"No, mademoiselle. Did . mademoiselle
wish to speak to him?" added the lackey,
eoftened by the pretty visage that Ger
malne turned toward him.
"I had something to pny to him. But it
Coes not matter. I will return In a short
time.'.' •
"Oh! it will be ouSts useless. ' M. Dur
amberty will not be here. He does not
return from his club until after 11 o'clock
—between 11 and midnight If mademoi
selle would like to write a line for
him — -f'
"No, thank you- [ I will write him by
post." ' r
She went away, and when outside the
gate again recommenced the sort of som- :
narabulistlc promenade which she was to
prolong- until far Into the night, with one
idea in her head— to await the moment
wnen Jude Duramberty would return
from his club.
Many,,people remembered later the girl
with her red hair, the fixed stare of -her
gray-green eyes and automatic walk,
whom they had met in the Avenue Mon
taigne, the Avenue d'Antin, the Avenue
Marceau, the Avenue do I'Alma and in
the cross streets that reunite these ave
nues with one another. Shopkeepers and
concierges, getting a breath of fresh air.
pitting on their doorsteps, had noticed her
several times and had made remarks
about her. She walked along, obstinate
ly fixed In her idea and careless of all re
gards. When the clear sunlight faded and
the ftshen twilight veiled the sky above
the tall stone houses, she suddenly felt
a sensation of extreme lassitude and sat
down upon a bench in the Avenue de
J'AIma. before a Protestant church built
in a gloomy Gothic style. She remained
there a long time, her head aching, vague
ly dreaming. She saw shapeless shadows
move In the gradually deepening obscurity.
She murmured. 'Daisy!" She longed to
have that faithful adopted mother near
iicr. Had the Irish- woman passed thn»
seat of sorrow when Germalne called fo;«
her how gladly she would have allowed
herself to be led away by the hand! But
Daisy was weeping at that moment at
the foot of Germaine's bed.
The light of a street lamp suddenly lit
near her made the young girl shudder.
She rubbed her eyes and awoke to a con
sciousness of her project. The noble sweep
and broad sidewalks of the avenue
stretched along under a pure sky In
which the stars were already twinkling.
Rows of lamps outlined it from end to
onrt. Several carriages and rapid victorias
dashed along, carrying men in white ties
and women in Ught-colored cloaks towar.l
the cafes in. the Bois and the Champs
Elysees. Then there was an extraordin
ary silence and lack of movement—.* si
lence in which tho clock of the Protestant
fhuich told off the rosary of the hours i.nd
the quarters— 9 o'clock. 10. 10:15. Germaine
njused upon ber bench. A man came and .
Brit by lipr side, a little man of uncertain
age. carefully drcsed. with the suspicious,
furtive air of one seeking shady adven
tures. As she did not move, he made an ;
ntfmpt to draw nearer to her. She arose
nnd walked away quickly. The man d d
not follow her. When she found herself
once more In the Rue Francois I she again
felt perfectly lucid. There was no one In
the street. The facade of Durambet ty'.-»
repiclenoc was closed, nnd not a single ray
cf light filtered through the barred and
bolted shutters.
"Has he already arrived?" she asked
herself. _„.
But the footman had told her between
11 o'clock and midn:ght, and it was only
10:30.
Germalne sought out a post nf observa
tion where she could watch for the re
turn of the manufacturer. Two hou?ea
below No. C there was a mews occupying
a big building preceded by a glazed court
yard. The tall, arched doorway of this
courtyard afforded a convenient retreat.
Germaine hid herself in it. The shadow
nf the doorjamb hid her so completely
that two. policemen on patrol passed quite
close without perceiving her.
Then in that tragic moment of watch
fulness, and then only. Germaine was en
tirely conscious of what she was going
to <io. The pain at the' back of her head
no longer tortured her. .A marvelous clear
ness of perception appeared to Hood her
brain. Duramberty was the enemy! Du
ramberty was oppressing the work! Du
ramberty demanded 150.000 francs. ¦ which
they could not .pay." And v she, Ger
maine. was going to attack the
oppressor of the work face to
face and alone! Ho should yield
or share the fate of all enemies of the
people, the fate of the Burkes and the
ijaventlishes in Daisy Craggs' anecdotes.
A curious thrill of ecstasy, which mado
her oyes fill with tears and made her
tremble In every limb, overcame Germaino
at the thought that she was about" to
overthrow the enemy. Her right hand
under her little brown silk cloak fingered
the nickel-handle of a weapon that she
had slipped Into the opening of her bo<1!co
before leaving the school— In a furtive
visit to the corner of her laboratory,
where she kept her case- of surgical in-
pafn* standin* before her, filled her with
horror. Bhe was silent.
•'Well,", asked Duramberty, smiting, "la
It so very difficult what you want to
say? Don't be afraid. You see I am not
a maneater, as your friends claim.'.'
"Monsieur," murmured Germalne with
an effort, "you must not ruin our school."
Duramberty could not conceal the sur
prise this beginning caused him. He had
expected a little more diplomacy.
"The school?" he said. "Oh, that is
what Is troubling you? I have no ill feel
ings toward your school."
"We cannot repay you the 150,000f due
to you, sir. We cannot pay them either
to-day or to-morrow, but If you will have
patience, if you will give us a little time,
you know perfectly well that your money
will be safe. And you are .rich, you make
immense profits. What are a few months'
delay to you with the resources you have
at your command?"
She spoke gently, almost humbly, and
at the same time she realized that this
¦was not the way she ought to have
spoken. She felt that the manufacturer,
who was still smiling, did not take her
seriously. As a matter of fact, this busi
ness conversation at such an hour and In
such a place amused him. He even had
to restrain a strong desire to burst out
laughing. Germaine noticed his suppress
ed enjoyment and stopped short.
"You will not wait?"- she asked.
"I don't say that."
"Well; .what do you say?"
He began to laugh openly.
"My dear child, you meet me at mid
night, after I have been to my club and
just as. I am going to bed, to discuss a
business matter with me. I reply, natural
ly, that I cannot bind myself at this mo
ment. I must think the matter over. I
will see. It will all depend"—
"Upon what?"
"Upon many things. Naturally, to have
to deal with a pretty Intermediary like you
disposes me favorably toward .the affair.
Who sent you? Was it Mllo.. Surier?"
Ho left his armchair and came and sat
upon a little stool nearer Germalne. She
drew back.
"No one sent me. No one knows that I
am here."
As she uttered the words, "No one sent
me," he surprised a singular gleam in the
young prirl's green eyes. He examined
her more attentively, from her eyes, with
?t: Charles, are •*• not? Yes. I am rifht
ou are a professor at the School of Arts
there. Forgive me. At such an hour, and
with that thick veil, I did not recognise
you at first. Besides, I did not expect — : "
. I know, I understand, sir. The step I
nave taken must appear extraordinary to
you. I came about 7 o'clock and was told
you would not return until very late. "As
It was absolutely necessary that I should
epeak to you to-day I waited."
"You. were quite right, quite right," re
plied Duramberty quickly.
With the eyes of a connoisseur he had
¦el zed all the grace and charm of the
young girl's slender figure and attractive.
Irregular features.
• "So you wish to speak to me?" he add
ed, taking her by the arm and leading
her before the door of the mews, where
¦he had waited for him. "It Is not very
convenient to go Into my house at pres
ent. My valet de chambre is waiting for
me and, besides, I am not in the habit of
bringing home with me "Well, let me
speak frankly; you would be compro
mised. Have you a few moments to
spare?" ; ? ¦::
"As many as you please, sir."
The man's hand seemed to burn into
her arm. the words he uttered irritated
her pride, but she remained calm with an
effort of will.
"I must see him alone! I must!" she
thought. ¦
"Well." said Duramberty, "I have little
bachelor's chambers quite close. In the
Rue la Tremollle. We shall not be dis
turbed there. Shall we go there?"
, "Yes, sir."
She freed her arm without any abrupt
ness and walked along by Duramberty's
side through the - empty streets, where
the silence was only broken by the pas
sage of a few carriages and belated way
farers. They were both silent. A : pro
found calm seemed to have settled on
Germaine's heart. She said to herself:
"An act 'of justice— a necessary act — Is
about to be accomplished!"
Silently, and quickening their pace, they
arrived at the Rue la Tremoille, and stop
ped before an apartment house similar to
all those erected in that quarter by build
ing companies. Duramberty rang, drew
behind Germalne and called oyt his name
to the gatekeeper as they passed the
lodge.
. "M. Legrand." •
Stopping immediately on the left, under
prot««ti you will not telio otir property r
Duramberty looked ber straight in the
face. He saw her visage pale and then
suddenly turn red. Through the thin ailK
cloak he saw her right hand clasp some
thing. Determined to push the adventure
to its "limit," to irritate his strange visit
or to the very utmost and to nnd out
what had really brought her to bis house,
he arose and replied:
"I shall do exactly as I please, Made
moiselle. Let us say. no more about it."
Germaine took his measure with a
glance. She realized confusedly that in
their respective positions, he standing and
Bhe sitting," she would have no advantage
over such a Bolldly built individual. But
despair clouded her brain. She was suf
focating with a mad desire to act. to at
tempt something before fleeing from that
room. She sprang at him with i a leap
like that of a wildcat, clutching with her
left hand at, the opening of his white
waistcoat, while her right, armed with the
lancet, struck blow after blow at random
at the obstacle presented by his robust
Although upon his guard, Duramberty
staggered, so sudden was the attack
While parrying the blows with hl3 right
arm and trying to push Germaine away
with his left he received a little slash In
the neck, and then the point of the In
strument pierced him in the hip Just be
low the belt of hl3 trousers. But al
ready, although ten seconds had scarcely
elapsed, the young girl's strength was ex
hausted. Her armed wrist was gripped m
the manufacturer's firm fingers, ner
shoulder was squee2ed as though in a
vise — she was powerless. •
Less than half an hour later Duram
berty walked nervously to and fro across
the room, casting a glance at Germalne
'or uttering a word from time to time.
"Come, my child, don't weep! I assure
you I will not tell anybody about your lit
tle fit of madness. Tell me what I can do
for you." - • . . , .
But she remained silent. He had tried
to slip a bank note in ber hand, but she
had let It fall on the ground. She gave
no answer to any of his questions.
"Well, so much the worse for her, he
said to himself. ' tli . .
The nickeled haft of the lancet glittered
among the tawny fur of the rug, where it
v.-as half burled. Duramberty picked it
up and smiling faintly gave it . to Ger
malne. • , ,
"You are forgetting this." he said.
She was not even conscious cf his irony,
but mechanically slipped the instrument
In her pocket. , „ •
"Thanks. Please open the door, she
said.
He obeyed. He accompanied her to the
outer door, through the narrow ante
chambei and along the entrance passage,
called to the porter to open, and Germalne
went away without uttering a word.
When she was outside the poor girl be
gan to run through the streets at hap
hazard until she was out of breath. Then
leaning against a wall she burst Into a
flood of tears. -It was about 2 o'clock In
the morning. A sonorous step and tho
whistling of some belated night bird
drawing near terrified her and she recom
menced her mad course. She arrived on
the bank of the Seine, turned back again
and soon came to the bench In the Ave
nue de I'Alma where she had sat some
hours before. She fell upon It again like
a poor wounded animal that had returned
to a familiar retreat In flight.
An ardent longing to be purified seized
her.
But how was she to be purified?
By death? "O.VJ,
The Seine was close at hand. But death
could not efface the pollution of that
night. Only martyrdom, only suffering
for the good cause could wipe out the
stain. The desire for some revo
lutionary action which should en
noble everything, the yearning for a
murder that should be • almost sacrea
seized her, keener and more irresistible
than ever. Not for a moment did she
think of returning to Duramberty's. Bui
coldly and calmly she sought whom she
could Immotate. whose blood should
avenge the outrage she had suffered. Let
•her accomplish . the revolutionary deed
first; appeasement to her heart would fol
low! She felt her soul big with murder.
After so many sleepless and foodless
hours the fatigue predisposed her to hal
lucinations. The scenes of her past life
passed before her eyes like tableaux
vivants of a spectacle. She evoked the
pictures in her memory with all the clear
cut precision of reality, without any of
the vagueness or exaggeration of a dream.
Bhe saw the room in the Rue Galande
where she had lived, a little girl. She saw
the fights between her father and mother
among the broken bottles, while drain
ing their alcohol upon the floor. For an
Instant she was again the bad tempered
child -whom Daisy had taken away from
the Sauvetage.de l'Enfance and had
brought to the Avenue de Segur at the.
very moment when she was about to be
cent to a farm In the Creuse.
Tears relieved her heart, so sweet was
the memory of an almost filial love. Then
suddenly she saw herself again with iLady
Mary Jackson— hardly eighteen months
ago — reading aloud to the sentimental and
despotic English woman, in whose service,
by a sort of contrast, she had felt her own
anarchical sentiments become stronger.
Sir James Bartlett, the friend— doubtless
the lover— of Lady iiary, reappeared
In her mental vision, with his red face
carefully shaven, his bald skull framed In
two artfully plastered locks of colorless
hair. Ah! the abominable couple of ene
mies of the people! How often, when in
Lady Mary's service, how often In looking
at them, in listening to their frightful
sentiments of an egotistical despotism,
she ' had thought, half seriously, half
amused, "How I should like to tie them
together and throw them Into the Seine
like a couple of mad cats! What a pleas
ure it would be! What a laudable deed!"
Then it was only an idle idea, thought
of smilingly without any dream of its pos
sible reality. But now, wounded and dis
honored, a helpless vagabond, sitting uprn
that bench, she really wished she could
garrote them with her own hands and
cast them Into the river." To think that
at that moment they were living, they
were free, that they derived pleasure, just
as a year ago. in uttering infamous bias
phemy about poor wretches and in insult
ing the. poverty stricken!
"I know the old woman still lives In her
entresol In the Rue du Colisee. As for
him, I met him last week *»n horseback in
the Champs Elyaees. Ah! If I had them
here "
The fever of murder again quickened
her pulse She no longer 'Suffered from
her pollution, from her solitude. Without
any distinct idea, but restored to hope, the
poor girl rose from her bench and walked
along the avenue toward the Champa
Elysees with a meditative step.
The pallor of dawn was effacing: little
by little the stars in the sky. whose color
was becoming faint and vague. Night
was disappearing like smoke and was
melting in the air that was already glow
ing. The houses, with their windows
hermetically closed to the light, appeared
more distinct, particularly toward the
broken lines of the roofs. Oh! the ex
quisite freshness that she breathed! A
heavy wagon laden with huge stone
blocks shook the street with its rumbling
wheels and the trampling of its five
horses.
Germaine turned the corner of the Ave
nue l'Alma and walked toward the Rond
Point. .
CHAPTER IV.
• That night, tragic for Germaine Soublze.
brought but little peace to most of her
companion?. Its silence and darkness aa
gravated the martyrdom of expectation
for Daisy. But Mile. Heurteau. Fred
erlque and Lea also did not enjoy an
unbroken rest. In fact, only Pirnitz, by
the strong discipline of her will, imposed
upon herself as usual a few hours of light
sleep.
Mile. Heurteau passed the long hours in
drawing up a '-'Project for the Reorgani
zation of the School With the Help of the
Municipality of the State.". M. Duram
berty had asked her to do this in a per
sonal letter to her. •She performed the
task In secret, excusing herself to her con
science with the idea that "the report wa3
interesting to draw up. / I am exposing
my own ideas sincerely in It. Besides
when it in finished. I shall be aulte at
liberty to keep it to myself. I have prom
ised nothing. rt ¦ .
Frederique and Lea went to bed at the
usuaMime. They hardly spoke to one an
other. They had no need of words in
which to communicate their opinion about
Germalne's departure. Germalne had left
them to go after some man. Frederlaue
was overcome with the bitterest distrust.
Another defection, and one of the worst
at the very moment when so many cal
umnies assailed the work! "Oh! the mis
erable tyranny of sex! Will none of us
ever emancipate ourselves from it?"
Germalne's night also reacted upon .Lea
and shocked her; but the egotism of her
smoldering passion regarded everything
from the point of view of how It affected
herself. ."Suppose I were to do as she has
done?" she thought. "It would be very
easy. It only depends upon myself. If I
had left the school with Germaine at this
moment I should be in London. Georg!
My beloved! My husband! I should be
near you! I would watch over you. nurse
you; make you well!"
All her thoughts revolved around this
project— to rejoin Georg and nurse him
back to health. For, having no news of
the • Ortsena save Tinka'n novel, and as
she had not dared to write for informa
tion,shevhad gradually come ta identify
Georg. with William Powell.
"Georgia 111! He expects me! I Alone
can «?• him, and yet I rtmaln lierel
Germain* anTDuyveck* have had cour
age, but I alon© am cowardly, yet I am
G |h r e S 'bla^fe e d *her ow-n inertia but hop*
still lived In her. "The school is going to
close They will drive us away, and I then
I can goto him!" She reserved all th»
will shl had left for this event, which »{!•
realized was close at hand and inevitable
In the meantime, through the open door
between the adjoining rooms the sound ot
a faint cough or the creaking of ired
erique's bed reached her ears.
"Dear Frederique! How dear she Is to
me» How I shall suffer in leaving her.
She related this to herself obstinately;
conpelled herself to believe it. Alas! she
reafized that her sister was no longer th»
Fedt of former times. A sort of logical
rancor was slowly growing In a corner cC
her heart as she thought of the powerful
pioneer who had captured her intelligenco
and will at their very source and had im
posed her doctrines upon her. Lea liact
been withdrawn from a natural Ufa
through Frederique. Like all rebels, she
was almost ready to hate her whom sha
had formerly welcomed. She was terri
fied by her own thoughts, and "jL 0 *
Christian tormented by doubts who mur
murs the prayers of a Pa S3 . ! ° nate T f£ }",? ''
she repeated continually: t™™,, 1 .. lova
her! How noble she Is! Dear Fedl!
The following day brought its custom
ary duties. With the exception of Ger
malne all the mistresses were at their
posts. Kven Daisy, whom Plrnltz had
been to see at dawn, and who had been
recomforted and exhorted to have cour
age, was in her place. Pirnltz a opinion,
like that of Frederique and of Lea. was
that Germalne's absence was due to some
love adventure. ¦_ ..
"Ah!" cried Daisy, when the aposti©
confided this idea to her; "ah! Germalne
may be with whom she likes if she is
only- alive!" .
Pirnltz authorized her to leave after her
class to make discreet Inquiries outside.
Daisy gave her English lesson from 8 to
9:30, as usual. Then she dressed to go
out. • As she passed before the lodge tha
gatekeeper called to her:
"Miss Craggs!"
She entered the lodge.
"What 13 the matter. LaurentT'
Laurent, a former soldier, who had been
given the post by Mile, de Salnte-Parade,
held out a number of the Matin to the
Irish woman.
"Have you seen this, mademoiselle?
One of your countrymen has been mur
dered in the Champs Elysees!"
He showed her the heading in big let
ters of an article In the middle of the
v third page. Daisy had barely cast a
glance upon the page when she screamed
and ran out of the lodge, carrying the
paper with her. She crossed the court
yard, thrusting aside the pupils who were
coming out to play, and ran to Frede
rique's room. * r: -'-V" ' .. ... , .
"Frederique!" she panted, falling Into
a chair. . i
"The bailiffs?" asked the young prU
This was the news she dreaded trrat
day, when the delay fixed by Duramberty
for the repayment of his security ex-
P "Read that! Read that!" said Daisy,
throwing the newspaper to her.
• And Frederique read:
"Latest news. Crime in the Rue du Col
isee. Murder of an Irish lord.
"Five a. m.— At the moment or going to
press news reaches us of an extraordinary
crime committed this mornine about .*
o'clock in the Rue c!u Colisee. almost at
the comer of the Champa Elysees. An
Irish nobleman visiting Paris, Lord Bar
clay, has been mortally wounded with a
surgical instrument by a woman in the
open street. It is too late to verify tha
news and details. The woman has been
arrested. It is believed to be a political
crime Lord Barclay possessing consider
able property in Ireland. According to an
other version love is the motive of tha
murder. The culprit la said to be a young
girl" whom Lord Barclay had outragea
and who has revenged herself. We givo
both versions and the news itself with
every reservation, for. we repeat, the lat*
hour at which it Is brought In renders It
materially Impossible to verify the facts
before the issue of the paper." ' " .
"Well, what has this to do with us?*
atked Frederique, laying down the Journal
upon the table.
"Why, ft !s Germalne! Germalne !"
sobbed Daisy. "Don't you understand?
Lord Barclay is a mere distortion of tha
name of Sir Bartlett. the friend of Lady
Mary Jackson, for whom Germalne acted
as reading companion two years ago.
There is no doubt about It. Lady Mary
lives In the Rue du Colisee. And then the
surgical instrument! Sir James was leav
ing Lady Mary's. I'm sure that it is Uer
maine, as sure as though I had seen It!
Great God! Great God! What will become
of her? What will they do to her? Will
. they execute her?"
"Come. Daisy! Come! Don't lose- your
head. What reason would Germalne navo
for killing an Englishman whom she haa
not seen for a year and a half? H "¦
"How do T know? Perhaps he had
abused her formerly, as the paper hints.
Perhaps she still continued her relations
with him. Oh. I don't know! She never
confided In me upon the matter. Never!
Never! And if any one had told me yes
terday that my little Germalne was not
the purest of you I should have called him
a lying scoundrel. Besides—" She hesi
tated.
"Well, go on. Daisy.'*
"Well, even If Germalne has committed
such a frightful deed she cannot be held
responsible for it."
"I don't understand."
Daisy took Frederique's hand humbly la
her own.
"Ah, Frederique. you have no weakness.
but have a little pity fdr others — have pity
for us. Germaine is the poor child of un
worthy parents. Is it her fault If alcohol
has deformed and poisoned her parents*
brain? Germaine is so nervous."
"That's not an excuse."
"She is more than nervous. Fedl. Sho
Is— is— " and poor Daisy bowed her head
upon Fn>der!que's knee— "she Is ill. an In
valid. She has had several hysterical at
tacks quite recently, the very last night
she passed here. Poor daarest! We must
not accuse her!"
"Oh, Daisy." said Frederique. In a tone
cf reproach. "And you kept such a ter
rible secret to vourxel"? You have left
such a dar.jror in our midst, among the*
children we are educating? You have ex
posed the reputation of the school — even
the fate of the v.'ork— to this catastrophe."
Daisy suddenly let go Frederique's hand.
She rose 'to her feet before the young girl
whose regard reproved her.
"The work? The school? The pupils?
You talk to me of that when Germaine Is
In prison. In peril of her life? Don't you
realize that T would give all your school
and all the schools In the world to save a.
single hair of my dear one's head? Ah!"'
she continued. • waving Frederique away
with a gesture as the pirl tried to ap
proach her, "I have too much regret for
having led Germalne into all this crazy
movement and for having taken part In it
myself! We were both so happy in our
rooms oh the fifth floor In Avenue de Se
gur. with no one to order us about, no one
to impose rules upon ut! I earned my liv
ing; she earned hers. We did a little good
— helped those who were poorer than our
selves. But here in this house, shut up
like a convent, she wa« stifled, she who
was made for freedom!"
Frederique-, sad and motionless, allowed
this flood of invective and heart
v.-rung exclamations to escape from the
Irish woman's lips. Thoroughly exhaust
ed Daisy leaned on the foot of the brass
bed and began to sob. Frederique drew
near her. A somewhat disdainful pity
awoke in her heart for this woman whoso
charity she had admired, whom she had
believed capable of noble, disinterested
sentiments, and who showed herself so
feeble and so helplessly chained by or
dinary affections.
"And yet, suppose Lea were taken away
from me as Germaine has been taken
away from her?" she thought, always at
tentive to the criticism of reason. ""What
should I do? No! I should sacrifice Lea!"
She formed a strong resolution in that
moment in case of circumstances that
seemed Improbable and at the same timo
that she was compelled to foresee: "If
Lea leaves me I will not give up the work
to rejoin her. The work before every
£he" returned to Daisy, who was still
weeping, her fair gray hair hanging down
each side of her infantile face, wet with
tears.
"Come. Daisy, take courage! T will help
you to save Germalne! I promise you! I
know some one who has great influence
In the Judicial world!"
"Really?" said Daisy, raisins her head
with childish joy. "Ton will really help
me? Oh! how good and strong you are!
You must not pay any attention to what
1 said. I am only an old. mad woman
•when Germalne is absent. Still." she con
tinued, after a little pause, "suppose It Is
not Germalne of whom the newspaper
speaks? After all. Germalne is not tho
only one who knows Sfr James, who Is
probably a rake like nil English people
wbo live on the Continent. Let us go
down to the laboratory, shall we? Let U3
see if Germalne's instruments are all
there. I know them; she explained all
about them to me!"
This appeared a pood Idea to Freder
lque. If a dangerous Instrument were
lacking It would prove that Germatnc was
the young woman referred to In the Ma
tin. The two women were about to leave
the room when Frederique suddenly
stopped, and said:
"What is the matter? I don't hear the
pupils in the court yard. And yet the
recreation Is not over?"' . .
THE STJKDAT GAEL.
"Ah!"
LEA
6
9$£$p
(Continued Next Sunday.)The case presented some very extraor
dinary features to the scientist. Ills diag
nosis of the complaint which hf» had been
summoned to combat convinced him ab
solutely of the fact that the condition*
which confronted him were those of th«
mind rather than of the body.
After he had been in attendance upon
the case for a few days he said to her:
"Madame. I presume you ¦wish me to>
give you a candid opinion of your case?"
The patient noddc-d silently and with a
weary look In her eyes.
"If so. I must inform you that it will be
Impossible for you to survive the crisis
unless you first rid yourself of. the mental
distress which Is the primary cause of
your breakdown. If you maka no effort
in that direction I must decline to serve
you further professionally."
¦ "Doctor, let me be candid with you in
my turn. I have no particular desire to
live," said the young woman slowly and
with cold deliberation^
"Then, madame. I must urge upon you
to take into consideration the life that Is
yet to come Into being."
The result of this conversation was that
three days later a cablegram was filed at
the Western t'nlcn office in Boston ad
dressed to Count Rudolph Zolnanyl at
Temesvar, Hungary, and Inscribed "Ur
gent. Please forward at once."
Three days later ths Countess Zolnanyt
lor, the sad and strangely beautiful de
signer In the millinery department, felt
that she could no longer perform her du
ties. Presently even th© music class had
to be abandoned. Then followed weeks of
dejected Inactivity, during which the
Countess brooded silently In her room. Her
health began to break down. A well
known Commonwealth-avenue doctor, on©
of the most eminent practitioners in Bos
ton, happened to be called to attend tho
case. ¦. :' r . •,¦¦;'¦¦
The connection of the doctor with the
case was quite accidental. A. servant In
the lodging house In which the Countess
had a room was dispatched to summon,
the nearest physician about three months
ago. when the Countess was in particu
larly poor health. The servant chanced to
come upon Wa office alter a lew minutes'
walk from the lodging house, and thu3
began a professional relation which wa3
destined to bring about the restoration of
the happiness of the house cf Zolnanyl.
•he hoped would furnish her with * living
reminder of the events that were crowd
ed Into that pas* of her life which she to
Jealously guarded from prying eyes.
On« day the Countess Zolnanyt. whom
fverybody knew In the store as Miss Tay
¦ " -
THE crowning scene of a thrilling
drama of love, of unhapplness, of
bitter estrangement, followed by a
joyful reconciliation and victory
over death has just been enacted in Bos
ton.
Tfce chief eetors In this utrange suc
cession cf event* are a young and beau
tiful American girl, a crowned head of
Southeastern Europe, who is well known
for his irar.y gallantries, and the scion
of a noble house of Hungary. They are
now en rout? to California.-
Cour.t Rudolph Zolnanyl. while a special
attache at the court of St. James in the
winter cf ?S. met Miss Clara M. Taylor,
a New Hampshire girl of humble family,
who was studying at the conservatory.
The meeting between Count Zolnanyl and
the girl occurred at a students' festival.
The ycur? Count, a handsome and dash-
Ir.g fellow cf distinguished manners and
B;pcara.rice. sought end readily obtained
an Introduction to the American girL
Two months later tho special mission
SgrisatforiaT
biit True.
A D^rpa. op
Mtsfortirae
King Milan,.
C©Ur|t ZoTVianyr,
and Has Young
received a message which wai delivered
at her lodging house by a Western Union
messenger boy. It contained two words:
"Comlcg. Rudolph."
• • •
Six days after the receipt of the messagrs
the .eminent practitioner was called hur
riedly to the Countess* room. After a
careful examination of hl9 patient he
reached the conclusion that she had but
a few days at the most to live. The sus
pense of waiting: was fully as disastrous
In Its effects as had boen th« suspenso of
uncertainty. The flagging life began to
sink* rapidly. The patient lapsed into a
continued state of BemVconsdousness.
The physician devoted most of hla time
to watching at the bedsfde of his extraor
dinary patient.
On March 14 the doctor, who had Just
returned to the sick room after an ab
sence at the court house where a case fa
which he was Interested had been on trial,
observed that his patient was slightly de
lirious. After the delirium was over the
patient lay perfectly still with closed eyes
and apparently In absolute unconscious
ness. ¦
Her pulse was falling rapidly and It was"
perfectly apparent that the final crisis
could not be very far off. At this moment
a stranger was ushered lntr» th« room by
the landlady. He was a tall. distinguish
ed-looking man of dark complexion.
The new arrival stood hesitatingly In th©
doorway for a brief moment. Then ho
strode hurriedly to the sick bed.
"Clara!"
The unconscious woman started as if an
electric shock had been administered to
her.
"Rudolph!" she exclaimed, as her eyes
rested upon the features of her husband
and her feeblo arms struggled tremblingly
toward him.
The doctor silently withdrew.
• • •
A few days ago the Count, and Countess
Zolr.anyi left Boston for a trip to Cali
fornia. With them they bore the heir
to the house of ZolnanyL
She practiced the most rigid economy In
an effort to amass a modest sum against
the coming of the sweetly sorrowful event
•which she laiew was at hand, and which
And so she plodded in the millinery, de?
partment of the dry'goods store.' working
with a feverish eagerness and a pathetlo
devotion to duty that did not fall- to im
press her associates with a reflected feel
ing of the sadntsa that overshadowed her
lonely life.
The Countess resumed her maiden namt
and found employment as a designer In
the millinery department of a well-known
Boston dry goods store. She lived In the
strictest seclusion. Her natural taste'ln,
decorative effects In a few. weeks made
her one of the most valued employes. In
the establishment. In the evening she
taught music to a number of her fellow .
employes. 'She sought In vain for an en
gagcmer.t as a choir singer.- All tho places*
had already been filled for the year,* and
while all the choirmasters to whom Bhe
applied for employment were Immediately
struck with the beauty and the sweetness
Of her voice no ore could offer her a po
sition until next year.
Count Zolr.anyi at Carlsbad, smarting un
der the sting of an unjust suspicion, fear
ing for her life, and at all events deter
mined to demonstrate her American inde
pendence of the man whoso name she bore
and v.ho had done her such cruel Injus
tice.
One day the Count discovered upon the
dressing table In his wife's boudoir a note
elgned with the initial "M" in which the
What need of recounting the steps that
l»>d to the catastrophe? It was the old.
o!d story of a too ready suspicion, cf too
fcarty Judgment, followed by insane Jeal
ousy end deadly hatred. Count Zolnanyi
from lhe very, first objected, strongly to
the continued acquaintance of his wife
with the former King of Scrvia, who i»
known as the profligate of Europe. The
young American woman, dazzled by tho
reflected splendor cf former royalty, on
the contrary showed a disposition to cul
tivate friendly but perfectly innocent re
lations with the royal personage, whoso
manners, whatever may be eaJd of hla
morals, always have been distinguished
and gallant-
Termer Kir.? Milan of Scrvia, who
never misses the season at Carlsbad, met
::*" your:!? Hurgarian diplomat a:id his
< harming Amcrici-.n wife at the Spa. H«
gallantly filled the Countess Zolnatiyl'a
<• ¦>;> c.x the rpring and offered it to her.
This casual act was the beginning of a
series cf complications in the house o*
Zc!::ariyi whteh finally reached a cl!ma^
In the departure cf th»." Countess for Bos
ton, determined lo conceal the secret o*
her unfcapplr.c-ss and of forgetting that
ps?e cf her life history which was
crowned with so much joy and so much
pain.
Their life continued to be happy for the
four nxorihs that followed their departure
from London." The Count and Ceunteu
Zoln&nyJ next appeared at Carlsbai*.
m'lueie c*lp:cirats rub shoulder? with pirk
r>cckctr. and crowned heads hobnob pleas
antly w.'th Jockeys and gamblers. It was
here that the first cloud appeared upcr.
the horizon of their married life.
cf Count ZolnariVl at the court cf St.
Jsrr.cB having exp'red the Hungarian no
ble- left Lcr.doa. With him went ths
ycu.-.£ American etudent of music, who
lattr Informed her friends confidentially.
under <!ate cf Temesvar. Hungary, of her
secrtt marriage to the former attache,
and announced her Intention to establish
her residence at her husband's estate at
This only augmented the deep resent
ment of Zolr.anyi. It is well known to
frequenters of the establishment of Monte
Carlo who were there during the past
season that none of the reckless plungera
at that famous gambling hell were more
desperate in their play or more unfortu
nate in their selection of numbers than
the young Hungarian nob!eman who day
after day frequented the glided hall of
Monte Carlo with a gloomy sorrow brood
ing upon him and embittering his bouI.
Then followed other excesses. The
bearer of one of the most distinguished
names in the red book of Hungary began
to show unmistakable signs of his fast
and furious life. • The doors of houses tp
which ho. had formerly been welcomed
eagerly began. to creak hesitatingly upon
their hinges at his touch. The rrown of
a society that is all too ready to condone
the errors of the well-born and the opu
lent began to darken faces which former
ly were wreathed in smiles at his ap
proach. . . • # - ;.«".'¦« a ¦ •
In the meantime another part In this
drama of misfortune was being enacted In
Boston by the young woman who had left
The news of the encounter came to the
ears of Ccunt Zolr.anyi while he was try
ing to forget his disappointment amid
th*» turbulent passion of the gambling
table. He knew nothing of the events
that had provoked the quarrel between
his friend and the ex-King and Imme
diately reached the conclusion that his
friend had nerurcd positive evidence of
the guilt of the Countess' and had thus
felt called upon to carry out the pro
visions cf the code. VT -
Ex-King Milan, however, continued his
sojourn at Carlsbad and suggested in-
Flnuatlngly to a personal friend of Count
Zolnar.yi. a young French financier, that
he knew the cause of the sudden depart
ure of the young couple. The Frenchman,
whose name was not given to the writer.
Immediately challenged the former Kins
on Vehalf cf his friend. The duel took
place in the Schwa rzv.-ald and the youn?.
Frenchman received a slight .scratch upon"
th« breast.
T.-rltcr expressed his regret at the fact
that the Countess hs.il not l:er>t an ap
pointment with, him at the KursaaL,
Thr-n followed an ox:tburst of temper
•vhich fairly frightened the young woman
cut of her sen?es. It is sal<! that the
Court attempted physical violence upon
his wife. At any rate the associates of
the young 1 ccuple at the famcua watering
place were surprised one morning to dis
cover that the Count and Countess Zol
jianyi had left Carlsbad suddenly. The
servants at the hotel knew that they had
not !?ft together, for madame's baggage
was directed to Homburg, while Count
Zolaasfyl'fl was directed to Monaco.
SHE SUNDAY OAIX.
7
A ROYAL ROMANCETHE .; B.U33TOAT . OAIili.
8
ftB^*T- ; rT • > s||(y/ " Y^XZ — izLjjf 7ffi ¦ ZIP and * . whlrr — that's the way a
' \ /r\i whc °l will, pass you on. the new
——¦——¦— — — "—^^^^^^^^^^^^f^t 1 x ~» ff ~^ £J' c ' ie Path. , No slow pushing
C> A^]*!> . g tor and even lunatic. Think of it. Men M A^*^»v J^ < *'
'-.^P^ £ from every walk in life have shouldered " g A fe^T^^^H^^^B^^HHi
N^^ 111 - ¦'¦¦''¦/"^Jw *ome of them. too. men who never have £ I T Ty'V^^-^C^^^^^^^H^^B^l
\ p/th extends its hard, smooth way alone X f^J
X th» lp'ft side of the county road, close to /
\ ?t is separated from the road X
-X r roper by a ditch made by plows, which X,
\ Sk turned the earth upon me path. Later.
H M (\ to protect the path from the invasion of "V
J V-l\ livestock frequently herded along this -^
' >VV\ highway, there will be posts set and wires
V" ' jr'-\. et-etched. Winding its way under ave-
-V^tft\ nues of shade trees and over bridges X
?T\ JV\-fr<\ which were -constructed by the earnest ,.y\. ;,;
: . A \\rvlL iiA \nrkers it finds its way through one o \
-J A ¦ -7Z^J\ the most delightful secti-sns of our Sta.e. V
jT thrdugh a section naturally adapted to V
A \V.Vr^>\ make nature-worshipers by the score and X
\ "A '-"¦¦/ / <5*? X. wheelmen by the hundred. . X
\L The Cycle Path Club of Vallejo. to .whon.^ 1
**r~Xj£? \U jr. TV ., CJ -clers passing this way are indebted
2^ : 5W :^^?K lor the path, was formed but a B hort tlm*
ago and exhibited euch activity. In th« \ f^K k~~*~L>
v furtherance of Its project that the- whols Xf;—- W ¦A^*~-r J
\ community immediately /itended hands. \;t^_^
\ Napa cyclers were inte/ested In the mat- \v™" "/\
V ter bv ilr - Hussey. The Solano County •• \n^~*S/- ' : ' /
V Supervisors were persuaded to set apart f
-V \ the left side of the county road for the V>»v^/
\ V cyclers to the»exclusion of all others and X
\. were al?o prevailed upon to place two _ - t . \ •
iy%\ X hundred dollars of county road funds at^'V \ *
X \ V the disposal of the Cycle Tath Club. A \
I X finance committee was appointed and >V
'/ \ funds gathered by subscription and raffles \
* S\Jjk. of wheels; donations were made by local "V
ri?-^<^. dealers; entertainments were given, the
/P^JA talent beins furnished by the Olympic
A^^IV^^k Club of San Francisco and Reliance Club X ¦
'fcZZiCSzt'-:'^!^ of Oakland. Benetits of this kind wer» X
¦^Hj/S&^l'-"-?: \\. liberally patronized by almost every per- 1
son in the community.
*f$£frZ&? : " ;I ~ : V Cinders to cap* the path were secure*
A«^yyX" :; ; : '''''A from the fiourins mills of George W. Me
€&£\^.'- :^"*} f Near and hauled to the scene of action,
r'^^^y^.-.^y some miles distant, on flatcars, the rail-
I / » f aMHSSsiHiS^^^HK^^^^^W^rai«n»ii P j£^r^&^ f roadvunnins close beside the county roru*
/ / * i^siSBali ''- % ***ii*i***&j f and rnakinsr It a small raatter to cart th» 4
I I *^*M}^H^r%n*JmWFr$fc ¦ ' ' r *-' 'llP«flfsl§ r- - m ' to adVitnta K<?. All sorts of people have J?
I / ' f I^^is^^mBJIH^^^^^^" * '"." '¦¦-¦ |l f The camera snapped a car whereon-wer^ *
READY FOR
THE SUMMER SCORCHER:he line with the soldiers until he fainted
from exhaustion. There were many ilml
lar Instances equally commendable, but
they did not happen to fall under my imr
medlato observation.
. Heroes at San Joan.
. The battle of San Juan was also the oo*
caslon of many acts of most exalted bra
very on the part of officers and men. but
so universal and widespread was the no
ble spirit of emulation that few opportu
nities presented themselves for exhibiting
special acts of Individual heroism.
When tho head of General Shatter's
army approached San Juan their march
for a mile and a quarter, from El Paso to
San Juan River, was by a road command
ed by the Spanish artillery and email
arms, which enabled the enemy to con
centrate upon our troops an exasperating
tire, to which we were unable to reply.
This was one of the most trying positions
In which soldiers could be placed.
The army was moving slowly to th«
front, meeting frequent halts and repeat
ed delays, the enemy's Mauser bullets
and shells from artillery raining upon
them. It was during this march and
while crossing the river and forming In
line that the great bulk of casualties oc
curred.
Where Death Heigned.
They constantly saw their comrades
strlclren down, either killed or wounded.
by missiles which came from an unseen
foe, and yet these .untried American sol
diers braved the ordeal in a manner which
would have done credit to the heroes of a
hundred battles.
Again, when wet, worn and weary they
reached San Juan ridge, from, which the
Spaniards had precipitately fled, they
were met by a scathing fire from the en
emy's second line, which was formed be
tween San Juan and Santiago. Yet, noth
ing daunted, these bravo men, without
ehrinklng a moment from the fire, dug
trenches and erected breastworks, which
by morning were so strong and well ar
ranged as to make their position impreg
nable.
The reader will readily appreciate tha
difficulty of selecting a few out of this
number of brave and determined men, but
without fear of beins charged with par
tiality I can speak cf two officers who fell
at San Juan— First Lieutenants "William
K. Shipp and William H. Smith of tho
Tenth Cavalry.
Pathos in These Deaths.
All the officers of the regiment wer© dis
tinguished In this action, but there Is
something romantically touching about
these two. They entered "West Point to
gether, one from North Carolina and tho
other from Missouri. They wer© class
mates and became fast and devoted
friends. " They occupied the tame room
during their entire course, were graduated
together and entered the same regiment,
the Tenth Cavalry. They were devoted
to .their profession, studied together,
worked together and seemed Inseparable.
Ea.cn of . them returned home and was
married to a lady he had known from
childhood. -
Each left a devoted wife and -three- chil
dren at home when with buoyant heart
h© accompanied the regiment to Santiago.
They were Idolized by ( their soldiers, and
I feel confident that when the Spanish war
commenced no two officers In the army
were better equipped to perform valuable
duty than these. Their superb qualities as
accomplished officers wer© acknowledged
by all. ,'¦: j
How Shlpp and Smith Fell.
"When the struggle opened on July X
none in that brave army advanced to bat
tle with more chivalrous spirit than these
iwo devoted friends.
The advance commenced, the Tenth
Cavalry moved forward, the brave officers
vylngr with, each other to do more than
their duty. The first , position of the
enemy on Kettle Hill was carried, and
without a halt the Americans bravely
charged the intrenchments at San Juan.
Precisely one-half of the ofScer3 of the
Tenth Cavalry sank to the ground be
neath the deadly fire which they encoun
tered, and among them fell these heroes.
Lieutenants Shlpp and Smith. But a few"
minutes Intervened between their deaths
and but a few yards separated them when
they fell.
Each was instantly killed and neither
could have known of the other's death.
That -night their bodies were carried to
the rear and placed side by side by their
soldiers, who bore for them a love which,
none but soldiers f««l. . '
I Strange Ccifccuences.
They were together In life, and hero
they lay., together In. death. The papers
throughout the country published long:
Hst3 of the killed at San Juan, and finally
a Ions list of all those killed In Cuba.
Both Hst3 were alphabetically arranged,
an<> tills made these two names appear
In consecutive order. The end of the year
came and the list of the killed was pub
lished In the annual register of the army.
Here the names were arranged according
to the date of their commission, and here
again the names of these two men. who
were always together In life, were side
by side in the final record of the Govern
ment they had bo well served.
Copyright, isoo. by the Press Publishing:
company, New York World. All rights
WHENEVER Americans fight one
always sees distinctive acts of
great heroism, but these heroic
acts are so general that It Is
difScult if not Impossible to
epeclfy Individual Instances. If we at
tempt to include all the deserving the
r.ames are very numerous, and If we seek
to avoid this we omit many who are
quite as worthy as the few who are se
lected for special mention.
The history of campaigms shows that
while individual heroic acts are marked
and prominent, yet the most valuable ser
vice is that of officers and men exhibit
ing vim and courage and devotion to duty
side v»y Fide with their comrades, thus en
couraging all to those united efforts so
essential to success. This, which was
very noticeable In Cuba, was if possible
more mnrked in the campaign in the
Philippines.
nrit a a 4-+<» aV *-**-* i)a«wa
The Attack on Porac.
Before the attack on and capture of
Porac, September "S, most extravagant
Ftorks haul been circulated in regard to
the great natural strength of the enemy's
position. mnd<« stronger by most formida
ble ami slulifuliy constructed defenses.
Fix hundred men of the Ninth Infantry
were ordered to attack the Intrenched
position, extending to the right and left
of the Panta Rita and Porac road. Before
the advance commenced the enemy"s
Ftrong position was in full view, and ev
ery man roalized that with such advan
t.ires sol<!iers equal to Americans could
Flaughtc-r a large percentage of an at
tacking force. And yet they advanced
for J"'*) yards over an open plain, with
the order and precision that is usual with
troops when conducting military maneu
vers in time of peace. Officers and men
ran over the works together, driving the
retreating enemy into and through the
town. The conduct of a'.l was superb, but
Colonel LiFcum and his battalion com
manders. Captains McCaleb and Ander
pnn, being mounted, were most conspicu
ous. Yet with all this there was no act
rt any one man which could be spoken of
<!i«t!nctively as more worthy of com
rr^ndatlcn than many others.
Dang-er Laughed At.
The Fame couM also be said regarding
the several night attacks of the enemy
upon our troop? at Santa Rita and An
pcles. The enemy in large numbers,
Fometlmes as many as 4000 rifles* would
commence a sudden, simultaneous and
most vigorous attack, the points of at
tack bring numerous, and, so far as they
could arrange, being at places where they
wouM be least expected, yet In every in-
Ftance the soldierly qualities of our men
were all that could be desired. Frequent
ly In these attacks an outpost of twenty
or thirty men would find themselves at
tr.cked in front and at times in flank by a
force of fifteen or twenty times their num
ber, ar.d yet without a single exception
cur iren held their ground against these
apraults. ~; 1..V.
I raw what I considered distinctive good
conduct on the part of a few men at
Bamban. Here the enemy's fortifications
were very strong and, as they boasted,
impregnable, but the insurgents were soon
driven out and commenced a disorderly
retreat toward the north. The retreat
was very rapid, but some twenty quick,
active men of our troops broke after them
In a run, outstripping their fellows, and
preyed close upon the large body of re
treating insurgents, presenting a picture
of some twenty of our men actually en
paged in driving two or three Filipino
battalions/ .£;;
Swimming Under Fire.
At all ¦ tlir.es the American soldiers
Formed to regard it a special privilege to
b* allowed to perform any specially dan
gerous work. I recollect it became neces-
Fary for sr-mc men to swim a large river
with a F-R-'ft current, where the railroad
Tras washed away, three miles north of
Tarlac. Humors were rife of insurgent
bnn<is on the north bank, but some twenty
ir.rn fprajg into the water, swam to the
north ban't and worked with axes for
hours toxins tlic night to perform the
necessary snfl Important duty.
Again, .when our tnx>p3 approached
Canilir.g tjjt main body was delayed by a
Gct-p river, but Feeing the enemy retreat-
Ing, my/aids. Lieutenant Frank C. Bolles
anJ ~C. II. Gould, hastened forward, ac
companied by two or three men, and at
tempted the capture of some of the flying
ecczny. Incidents like this were of almost
constant occurrence, and it was these acts
of gallantry which so impressed the In
rurgcr.ts as to render it impossible for
tnc'.r officers to make them stand for a
moment when attacked by our troops.
Two Hero«s.
There were many acts of individual
bravery which did not come under my per
tonaJ observation. They illustrate well
the exit and endurance of the American
coldicr.
One irpeclally noticeable was the swim
ming of the Bagbag River by Privates
Edward White and W. P. Trembly of
Colonel Funston's command, on April '27,
1E>9. These brave soldiers swam the Bag
bag River under fire, landed within twen
ty feet of an insurgent earthwork, and
tied a rope, which they had carried with
ihom. to one of the uprights of the, trench,
r>y means of which rope Colonel Kunston
ind others were enabled to cross the river
>n a raft.
The lirst land battle of the Spanish-
A.merican war was at L'a,s Guaslmas, June
M. 1SD8. Nine hundred men, consisting of
Jctachments of the First ana Tenth Cav
ilry^ and the "Rou^h Riders, had bcicn
anded the preceding day at Daiquiri. On
the evening or the 23d, having been or
dered to the front, they marched nine
miles, bivouacl^ed in a violent tropical
storm, and by 7 the next morning' had
advanced threo miles further and were
confronting a considerable Spanish force
commanded by /Lieutenant General Lin
ares. Vdry few of the MO soldiers had
ever. been under fire, yet nothing could
exceed the enthusiasm with which they
attacked.
Bravery at Las Guasimas.
Sixteen of their number were killed and
fifty-two wounded, yet in no Instance did
l see a soldier halt or falter for a single
moment. It would be! very 'difficult to
pick out any dozen or twenty men as
more worthy of commendation than
many others. : It was a splendid body of
troopers, and all were proud that it was
their privilege to strike the first blow of
the American army upon a foreign shore.
They were all imbued with the highest
spirit of chivalry. They knew the enemy
to be strong and apparently • well In
trenched. They , certainly expected a
warm resistance, but their advance was
us firm and steady as that of the best and
oldest veterans. .'¦ -^
: Major James M: Bell? Ca'ptaln Thomas
ft: Knox and lieutenant George L. Bry
am were all severely wounded early In
rhe action. . The spirit which they evinced
a3 they fell to the ground was a good In
dex of that which Imbued the entire com
mand. ' ' - - - ... .
Major Bell's leg was broken, and as he
sank to the ground he said, "I regret I
can't go on further with you," while Cap
tain Knox, who- was shot through the
body, continued as long as possible to ex
ercise command, and Lieutenant Bryam,
though severely wounded, remained In
PIRATES AND WATER DWELLERS OF THE SOUTH SEAS
It does not follow because two men are
jf the same race that they shall be the
;ame In character, any more than that
:wln brothers shall be of the same nature.
So more does it follow that two tribes of
me race shall closely resemble each other,
[n truth, marked distinction within the
Imits of a race Is a common thine, and
s strikingly displayed in the Filipinos,
imong whose eighty and more tribes, wild
md civilized, a very decided difference in
:haracter is to be seen. Among the sav
lge tribes, for instance, the Igorottes are
lerce and warlike, , the Mangyans are
jeaceable and trusting. There is a sim
lax difference between the civilized tribes,
.he Tagalogs and the VIsayas being nor
nally quiet and peaceable and fighting
>nly under severe'provbcatlon, while the
vlorcs of the south are incorrigibly fierce
ind warlike and at any time quite as
•cady'to fight as to eat. They are all
brave enough. The recent war has shown
that the natives of Luzon do not lack
courage. But fighting is not their native
element, as it is that of the Moros, who at
any time woold rather wield the sword
than the spade.
South of Mindanao, the large southern
island of the • Philippine group, there
stretch a number of small islands, of
which the principal one is named Sulu,
and the whole group the Sulu Archipel
ago. These islands ¦ form a connecting:
link between the Philippines and the great
island of Borneo. Some three . or four
centuries ago, about the time that .the
Spaniards came to the Philippines, a tribe
of Malays made their way from Borneo to
the Sulu Islands, a people so fierce and
warlike In disposition, so bold and daring
in action, that for centuries they defied
the power of Spain and made the Philip
pines a very hot place to hold. These
were not ldolators. They had been con
verted to .Mohammedanism before their
migration, and all attempts of the Span
lards to convert them to Christianity end
ed in the quick martyrdom of the mission
aries. The-rSpanlsh settlers named these
newcomers Moros, or Moors, in distinction
to' Indios, or Indians, the name given by
them to the other 'natives.
The Moros .are, 'born pirates. The sea
seems more their homo than tho ¦ land.
They fairly t revel In the water, for wher
ever possible they. build" : their houses in
Ae sea., raising j them on . piles sunk' in the
shoal; waters of the coast.. -This mode of
building has been followed In all the Phil
ippine Islands, the houses, even if miles
from tho sea, being built on piles. It
seems to suggest a time when the Malays
were water dwellers.. In truth, a-back
ward elance through time shows us. the
Malay sea rovers setting out on their war
praus to conquer the multitude of islands
in the South Seas and haunting the coasts
so as to be- ready to take to the water
again: at a moment's notice. '
The Moros hate the Christians with all
the fanatical hatred of .the- subjects. ;of
Islam wherever found. They hate In par
ticular the priests and friars, and have
shown ho- mercy to any of those so un
lucky as to fall into 'their hand3. For
that matter they seem to have had-no
use- for. any captives except as corpses or
slaves/Every year, at the setting: In of
thesouthwest monsoon, ."lt p was long their
custom to launch their boats and set off
on' a { piratical expedition to • the - north.
Landing on the const. of the first Island
reached, v they *would>T attack town' and
country alike, usually with success, and
always, with savage cruelty. Captives
were taken . by thousands, and the men
compelled to : harvest their crops for the
benefit of .their captors. This done, the
Moros .would butcher them in cold blood
and carry/Off their women' and children,
the former for the harem, the latter to be
reared as slaves. Their cruel work done,
the savage pirates would take to their
boats and hasten back before the chang
ing of the winds.
I need hardly say that the Spaniards
did not submit calmly to this state ct af
fairs. They sent many expeditions
against the Moros, but it was like sending
sheep against wolves, and more than one
Spanish force was cut to • pieces. Land
ings were made at. times, and forts were
built even in Sulu itself. But the garrl-"
sons did not remain long.
In -every* case the forts were taken and
their defenders slain, or they were driven
"out- by the indomitable Moros. This re
sult seems remarkable. In view of the
fact- that' the Moros had only swords,
spear3 and. daggers to fight with against
the firearms of the Spaniards.'- A gun was
a rare weapon In. their hands, and It was
rarer stilt when they « could use one with
effect! "But " once let . them get within
sword reach, and if was bad for the
Spaniard.— Ramon Reyes Lala, in Frank
Leslie's Popular .Monthly for May.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
9
DEEDS OF OUR SOLDIERS IN THE FIELD
oT ijELE il tJrv/TAL^ -ylUD C*lr K 11. ww inl 1Q, 1C IL^ jQ, jrv g LJ. Oo /~\o
¦ ' ¦¦¦-.'¦.--¦..',... - ' - . • .^ ¦ •«7i ra ADA1IE. est eervle!"
yWvV Such is the , way In which
Jl *A » <me °* t!le lesuJln & French dallies
announced the opening of th«
exposition. "My lady !s served,
the dinner I* ready." My lady
the public Is not usually slow in respond
ing to euch announcements, bu-t on thia
occasion she was simply consumed, with
.nrpe'tite and greed. She had been bo
long preparing for this repast! -Did not
the menu Include the most delicious prep
arations that the skill of man could de
vise? It was well worth waiting for and
rtfy lady was simply ravenous. She pre
sented herself without delay. She came
from the provinces, from Germany, from
Unglaml, from the richest and the poor
est quarters of Paris. She rushed pell
rnril, eager, greedy, uncontrollable, for
getting hrr manners in her wild deter
mination to arrive.- . \ ;-\ :'¦'-
Well, she arrived, but what a Joke It all
was! There v.as nothing whatever pre
pared, nothing:, nothing, nothing! Not
even the smallest morsel to gratify her for
ihe moment. Chaos, confusibn. the most
Inconceivable disorder greeted her. "We
needed your money," coolly said thoso
who had issued the invitation, "but we
have nothins to show you. In a month
ur two you will eee what we can do."
My lady would be Justified in manifest-
Ins a little indignation, but she does not
<)o po. She is the most astonishingly
prod caturcd individual that fancy can depict. She stumbles
ever ri'es at mortar. e!i<? is run over by wheelbarrows, she re
ceives aji occasional knock on the head from some falling ham
mer, she tear:; bet clothes on projecting nails and demoralizes
herself generally in the dirt and du?t and disorder of this Baby- .
Jen that is tailed an exposition. Vet she smiles and goes her
«ay refusing to believe that in some remote corner she will not
lind ecroe little thins irs readiness.
There i3 an absolute pathos !n the persistence with which
these 101,000 daily visitors to the exposition drns themselves
Trom me empty building lo another in a fruitless effort to find **
Fomothlnrr to fcc. some small return for the price of admission.
Yesterday, after having performed all sorts of gymnastics, sucli
as climbing over handcars. Jumping over baskets of glass boi
tlfs and ekatinp: en raws and box lids, all of this In going the •
length cf tho Manufacturing building, I found at last a' little
oornor where prohably 20!) very provincial people were waiting
their turn to approach.
"Ah, I have hern unjust to the exposition; there is really one
thine in ordrr," and I took my place in line with the rest. What
£o you think it wps? An American phonograph, turning out
•T>n«-M ¦\-nti T.ita tn T?« tl<o ),.« Min'"
"My two hundred comrades being foreign
era received only ha.lt the benefit of this
<--ntertair.rr.er:t. There were perhaps very
few of them Trim understood the words.
ej<5 in rI! probability none at all who ap
preciated the rar<* ar.rt tender sentiment
of this American composition. "And you
T.av* crime to the Paris Exposition for
th!?." I thought, look'r.jr at them one
s.ft«~r another. "You have probably sold
ycur best cow or mortpaced your farm
In preparation for this event. And you
have rome quickly, in the beginning, that
y<Vj mifrht nr.t miss anythinsr. "It will be
•worth any sacrifice,* all of the papers
have told you. 'Come at any cost and
V'rir.p your children, it v.ill be so educa
tional, po refining:, so elcvatlngr Well.
you may ™o home .tp.3 te-1 your neighbors
cf the Tvono>rs of American electricity,
but you might have dropped a sou In the
flet in any Paris depot and saved your
carfare to the exposition."
T resrect the fir.ano:.-:! intelligence of the
man who owns the phonograph. He has
a verHable cold tr.ine. In a whole day's
Journey through the exposition grounds
Jt was the oniy thin,? that 1 found in
readiness. The :irt gallery is yrt minus a roof r.r.d It is not
nt all probable that the works of art will he visible before an
other month. One might c'.ean a few architectural ideas In
f-tar.dinrr outpir!" and- looking at the iiuildlnps. but a policeman
Fcon tolls you to move on. You are interfering with the work
men. Who are you compared with this perspiring persona.se
Wielding his weight of mortar! You have paid your money, you
have come because you were Invited, but you are none the less
d*» trcp- "Get out of the way!" growls the workman. "Move
on." pays the po'.ir^min. and you move on and get out of the
¦way of one set of foes only tn rush into the arms of another
pet. They have no respect for you. these kinps of the exposi
tion. They look upon you as a trespasser, a sort of vagabond
frapi-c nhout when t!i^re is nothing to see. There are warning
F^Ens at every turn of the road, but what good are signs when
perhap? three-fourths of the people do not read French. "Pre
r.ez n.irrle a la peinture" did not prevent one of our gallant
C.aliforr.inns from leaning comfortably aeralnst a fresh coat of
paint. Ar<1 the pain tor was furious. That the CAlifornian'B
clothes were spoiled did not seem to be the slightest compen
sation.
After s'l of the athletics that are neces
sary to traverse the Manufacturing build
ing one feels the need of a little repese,
but where to bo to scat oneself is a very
f-erJous question. In all of this dust and
dirt ami confusion a chair or a bench Is
an undreamed luxury. However. I found
a pile of lumber and made myself passa
bly comfortable. In front of me was a
hupe sifrn "Voie barree" (passage barred).
A few minutes later a genial looking
American, evidently. like every one else,
in search of something to see, stopped
before the sign, put on his glasses, and
•with an air of saying to himself, "I guess
I'll Fee what a 'vcle barree* looks like."
stepped over the little railing which was
supposed to bar the passage and entered
the forbidden aide. "C'est defendu d'en
trer id," yelled an employe from the top
of a ladder. The American was oblivious
pnd continued his way. "On ne peut pas
cntrer." continued the Frenchman, com-
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
A LETTER FROM DAWSON OF
INTEREST TO GOLD SEEKERS
EACH Cay that parses decreases the population of Dawson.
The rx< dus for Cape Nome has ceased on account of the
__ lateoem of tho season, and a Koyukuk stampede has
takr-r. Nome's place in the public mind. Very rich strikes
.ere repr.non frnm there, r.nd hundreds of men are hurrying to
J>e In advance of the multitude that will undoubtedly flock there
irith the opening of navigation]
The rrcrem accepted rente to the new diKsir.prs Is to go down
tott.o dctoteen ir.'.Jrs below Fort Yukon to the mouth of the
-Chandler Rivrr, and follow that stream up to tho headwaters
«{ ihcKnyulitik. or tr> thp middle fork of the Koyukuk. on
S.nte oca Myrtle creeks are located, a distance or nearly
,590 «!!f?. It i? a rou.^h trip with untold hardships to endure,
,*nd eltfaongb it is known that in many places the Yukon Is
and that the warm weather of the past few weeks is
Tottlr.p: the" ic" an-1 making travel not only difficult but posi
tive}}- CanseropsJ yet only yesterday fourteen men more started
S>«»ll-nioll. improperly provided, intcr.t on g-ettinjr up there In
of a'.! the prarninffs to wait until the openinp of navigation.
Within tho last twelve months 19,000 men have left Dawson,
•*rd according to reported demand for tickets by the transporta
tion rimpanto?. the opening -of navigation
'•will find oOOO more ready to try their luck
•under a more liberal form of povernment.
The 'dlrsatlsfaction. which has hitherto >!X^ * •
b existed here over the excessive royalty y'^^^a^M—
I In the output of claims and otber oppres- , ' """"¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦n
|«=ive laws has lately been augmented by
(threatened "taxation without representa
tion." British subject? are clamoring as
poudly for Justice as are "alien Amerl
>-cans." But all this has been cast
3nto Fhadow by the announcement of the
Assistant Gold Commissioner that records
¦of transfers end similar information of a public nature will no
•longer be given to the press.
In this territory comprised exclusively of mineral resources
;the department of tho Gold Comnftssioner Is the most impor
tant branch of the governmental service, for it directly affects
The welfare of every resident of the country.
Tbe Inhabitants of the district are governed In their conduct
end their efforts are directed by the decisions and regulations
•which emanate from this particular department, whose dally
record of routine affairs is indicative of the territory's develop
ment and progress.
For the benefit of the public the local papers have endeavored
to publish a synopsis cf the business transacted dally. The in
fcrmatjon has related to srants for placer and quartz claims,
applications for water rights, decisions and protests which have
been filed In regard to disputed claims and records of transfers.
Buc.h Items have been obtained from the clerks who are in
charge of the respective divisions of the office.
Yesterday, however, when a reporter requested the usual In
formation, he was told by th« several clerks that they had been
Jorbicden to disclose anything of an official nature to news
paper men. The reporter thereupon repaired to the Assistant
Geld Commissioner and was by him told: "I shall enforce such
crflers as I deem fit. I am going to run my office for the benefit
of the public and against tho newspapers."
This decision Is certainly most extraordinary. Under such a
niling Jt Is now impossible for a citizen to obtain any informa
tion without an almost Incalculable amount of search
or by 6ecurlng It In some surreptitious way. Discontent grows
3y Gemvieve Qreen.
FIRST FEW DAYS AROUND AND ABOUT THE PARIS EXPOSITION
•welling up with animation. "C'eat d»
fendu absolument." "Oul. oul." said tha
American In his most affable^ way. "you'ra
going to have a fine exhibit."
Whereupon the Frenchman came down
from his ladder and giving our poor
.American a most effective shove landed
'him in the main aisle, whence he hail
-ome. Then very red In the face he
rwwnra ms position on the ladder. Had
the American been of greater pug
naclousness the scene would have been
more interesting. As It was. he went
away with a very puzzled expression on
his face and I'm sure has a new griev
ance against "these crazy Frenchmen.'
Although the expected crowds have not
yet arrived. Paris Is proving: herself ut
terly incapable of managing the increased
traffic. A wilder turmoil than exists
around the grates of the exposition It
would be difficult to Imagine. Yester
day In coming out near the Pont de
1' Alma I thought to take a boat to ar
rive chez mol, but Impossible; the crowd
was appalling. The tramway presented
the same aspect— it would be- necessary
to wait an hour or two before finding
a place and as It had commenced to rain
a little a cab was equally out of the Ques
tion. A very positive muscular • force
would have been necessary to fight one's
way to a cab, besides buying the cocher
body and soul. There was simply nothing
rasa aa?lK?JssK srew^K ssusu.
?hE£iH disolave™ Al" is chaos, absolute, unmitigated, and a
have often been moved to tears In tna
presence of the Venus de Mllo or tha
Apollo Belvedere. Perhaps I shall be
the first to dissolve before a monument
of dried prunes, but I feel nevertheless
that my tears are Inevitable. I am lone
some, yearning for th© pumpkln3 and the
peaches and the prunes, for they all mean
California and California means home.
The State headquarters at th© corner o2
tho Avenue de l'Opera and tha Boulevard
des Italiens have the most conspicuous lo
cation In Paris. The rooms are furnished
with that new luxury which is so charac
teristic of us. We are always decidedly
parvenu, we Californlans, but perhaps to
try to be anything else would be an un
warranted, affectation. We are. In fact,
"newly arrived." and no doubt It Is better
to remain unaffectedly what we are. How
ever, that docs jr6t prevent our "newness*
from being most inartistic. Our luxury
always suggests a store window-, the lat
est things in the market, yet with no par
ticular character, lacking the Infusion of
an artistic individuality.
«*»'•¦=» Major Truman and -Varney Gaskill. as
well as young Mr. Dargie, are doing themselves proud. They
are ideal hosts, and every Californian is made to feel at home.
Out at the fair grounds the California exhibit nearest comple
tion is the mineral department, conducted by Mr. Kekett of
Orovllle. I found that gentleman very busy answering ques
tions concerning the mineral resources of California. I went tn
the exposition prepared to be inspired. It had been the dream
of years, and my interest amounted to enthusiasm. But let ms
eay that I came away disgusted; my dream died a violent death.
"It Is going to be beautiful," every one says, and undoubtedly
the statement Is true; but at present It is the awfulest mes*
that can possibly be imagined. I am saying to all of my friends:
"Stay away for a good two months." Perhaps by the first of
July things will be In order, but not sooner; and the disappofnt
ment of finding it in this condition is very hard to cure.
The tailor-made lady representing the city of Paris, on top of
the great entrance. Is going to be removed, for which every one
Is duly thankful. Whalebones, revers and a fashionable
Paris hat have not proved very Inspiring when executed in
sculpture. The thing Is really not a statue , ¦ — r-*^^^
at all, but a huge doll done up In Paris > ¦* ¦ JJ^
fashion. One wonders how It was ever L0 ii
tolerated long enough to be erected. Tha Pill J
great entrance itself is exceedingly acl^:
eugary, suggesting the decorations of a^ <5&^a^*
wedding cake. However, at night It Is VSMP
quit* effective. The Interior illuminations
are all blue and give an effect like tha £*2*s_
caves of Capri. v/wT^t
Among the well-known Callfornlans who hi
have settled In Paris for the exposition I'lV&iX. J>.
nre Mr. and Mrs. J. Philip Smith of Santa /^>^f' L?/\
Cruz and M1S3 Anita Gonzales at the Hotel r$-'/ i '^Alrfi
RItz. Henry I. Kowalsky and family are j£< ; >£~/\v/'jll
at the Hotel Reglna, where TV. H. Mills /fftii ' f /// * V^'/J
and family are also located. Mrs. "Wendell C' / ''//' l ii'*ih(&Y'M
Easton is in the Avenue Victor Hugo. I ¦¦*'•'&*/' Jill
Among the Sacramentans In town ar«* *^*f7w*>-<-'*6v
Mrs. William Beckman and Mrs. E. B. ¦SZXIT/'M
Purnell. , <^/^-C
['61111CUS— When would you say that a nowiH*
man has acquired true greatness? Cyn- «• wnv'
leus— When he deserves his own opinion 1&atc-«a
of himself.— Philadelphia Record. «u.*» u^etv.
HOW GREAT GENERALS
HAVE BEEN REWARDED
( Probably the most successful general of any age, from a finan
cial point of view, was the vcelebrated John Churchill. Duke of
Marlborough. For his famous victory at Blenheim alono ho re
ceived the royal manor of Woodstock, upon which Queen Anna
subsequently erected the magnificent Blenheim Palace. At th*
same time the nation's gratitude was expressed In the highly
practical form of a perpetual pension to himself and heirs for
ever of the very respectable sum of £4000 per annum. In addi
tion to these splendid gifts, says the Gem. the Duke made soma
tolerably good pickings out of his campaign, as will readily b©
admitted when it Is stated that his widow, the ambitious
"Sarah." to whom he bequeathed only part of his vast fortune.
left behind her at her death the by no means Inconsiderable
sum of upward of £3,000.000. The Marlborough "perpetual" pen
sion, it may be added, was actually paid to the great warrior's
descendants right up to the year l.^S4. when it was -commuted
for £107.708. Up to this date the nation had paid the Churchill
family the very respectable sum of £7SO,009, exclusive altogether
of Interest.
Although his monetary "pickings." beinsr strictly legitimate.
wer« of considerably less value than those of his illustri
ous predecessor, the Duke of Wellington
had nevertheless but little to complain of
In the rewards showered upon him by a
grateful country. Beglnmns with Tala-
' vera. for v.-htch h* received a "three-lite"
annuity of £2000, ho subsequently had an
¦mmWMBBm additional £2000 tacked on to the first for
A» the distinguished services which , termi
nated with the stormlns of Cludad Rod-
r!go. ¦
In the same year, also (1S12) a further
annuity of £1000 was voted. In order that
he might more becomingly, sustain the
dukedom of Wellington, to which he had been raised from plain
Arthur Wellesley, as another recognition of his services. .This
pension was, however, commuted for a lump sum of JCmC00;
while the final grant of £200.000, voted for the victory of Water
loo, closed the mutually satisfactory account between tho gal
lant Duke and the land for which he had achieved so much.
Sir Colin Campbell, .'although the hero of many splendid
achievements in the Peninsular, Walchercn. . Demerara. ChJna.
Sikh and Crimean wars, Is best remembered In British hearts
in connection with h?s magnificent conduct of the campaign
arising out of the Indian mutiny." For his brilliant nervices dur
ing those stirring times Sir Colin received a peerage as Lord
Clyde and a pension of £2000 per annum. Ills career is mora
worthy of our admiration in that it was entirely self-made, the
gallant Sir Colin being- neither of good family nor possessed of
the initial advantages of a good^ education.
For his capture of Magdala and the consequent termination of
the Abyssinian war on April 13, 1S68, General Sir Robert Napier
was awarded the stereotyped £2000 per annum, and received In
addition the double dignity of a field marshalshlp and the titla
of Lord Napier of Magdala.
Of late,' however, the life pensions have dropped out of favor.
For instance, the present commander In chief. Lord Wolseley,
received: a" grant of £25.000 only for his successful conduct of
the Ashantee campaign of 1S73-74. while fcr the Egyptian cam
paign of 18S2 and the Nile expedition of 1S94 he received a peer
age and a viscountcy, respectively. Similarly, Sir Herbert Kitch
ener emerged from the shambles of Omdurman with the title of.
Lord Kitchener of Khartoum and a debated grant of £25,000.
THE STTNDAY CALL.
Chaos. Confusion, the Most inconceivable Disorder Greeted Jfer,
and Alaska Is benefited thereby. Accord
ing to a private letter written No
vember 13 Nome Is not the cheer
less, storm-swept place that many peo
ple have been led to believe. . An ex
tract reads as follows: "The weather here
for the past month has been delightful
cold,-dear, - crisp and sunshiny, as near
perfect as one could wish. There is no ice
along, the seashore yet, ami ships could
have unloaded, their, cargoes with no
trouble whatever, ' as there has bee,n np
surf lately: There should be no trouble
next season in everybody finding plenty
of work to do, as there will, be thousands
of claims that must ¦ be f represented and
the owners, of many of them will doubt
less be .willing, to give an interest in them
for representation.*' .'
From information I have been able to
obtain from observation, and from, men
whose long residence in the country enti
tles their, opinion to respect, among whom
are Major P. II. Ray, commanding the
District of* North Alaska... and Captain
John J. Healy of - the North American
Trading Company, I can but believe that
entirely aside from her mines. Alaska Is
one of our most valuable possessions. '
No doubt an immense amount of explor
ing wlll.be done throughout the territory
in the next few years, but to 'hasten the
development of the country, railroads and
telegraphs into i the interior from a port
where. the sea is free from Ice the whole
year are . urgent ' necessities. ••'.?•
An all- American route, commencing at
Valdez in Prince "William Sound, up the
Copper River into the Tanana Valley,
thence to Eagle City or ' Egbert on the
Yukon River,- a distance of about 400
miles, would. give, a city within eleven
miles of the Canadian boundary line.
Here American goods could be brought for
distribution to the -mining regions -of the
Forty Mile River,. Circle City and Birch
Creek - district. The : road could then , be
extended along the Yukon Valley to Ram
part-City, Fort Gibbon, Nulato, and
through the Nulato Valley to the shores
of the' Bering .Sea, via Cape .- Nome and
Port Clarence,: making 'Grantly Har
bor the terminal; point. There is
not tho slightest /doubt that the
mineral . development '*, that : is now
taking place along, the lines laid down by
this road .will Justify , the building "of it/:
The devnlonmant of :minea in the Cana
Nome and other districts will furnish
homes for thousands .who will be virtual
ly frozen In from the world seven months
In the year, and without such roads this
will become a serious matter to the peo
ple who : settle ; there, as : well as . to . the
great commercial Interests which will fol
low. . ".; '-;¦' .
'.: The resources of Alaska other than her
minerals; have, scarcely ; been thought' of.
The greajt valleys of . the \Tanana and- the
Kuskokwlm are capable of sustaining an
rtnmense ] agricultural \ and pastoral ' popu
lation.
It has been, thoroughly demonstrated
that ¦ potatoes , and . all the ;. hardy , vegeta
bles.^as well as (wheat, oats, barley., and
rye, can be successfully cultivated,' while
many valuable! forage" plants, such as red
top • and r timothy, grow, wild in great
abundance in all the lower Yukon Valley.
, At all the missions on the Yukon gar
dening Is prosecuted with greatest suc
cess. .,
J The opening of farms and stock ranches
would cheapen ¦ the price' of,' food and ad
mit % the working l of ; immense : tracts of
placer, ground now, lying Idle.' Coal intend
less • Quantity; and; s:ood ; qualKy is' 'con-
venlently located Timber la abundant for
fuel and building purposes. When to
these resources are added the copper and
other minerals " known to be there In
paying quantities, and the fisheries, the
Sold, which i3 now^consldered the only at
traction,' would seem by comparison.. to
be the merest bagatelle. : ¦
Major Ray, ' who has been Identified
with the country since 1S81. and who has
the confidence .'¦: and admiration:, of the
business men and miners. Is of the opinion
that air railroads and telegraph lines
should be constructed and operated by
the Government. -
It . Is .the ¦ generally expressed .wish of
the people of -Alaska that some good
territorial . laws be enacted by Congress
Immediately 'for the northwestern portion
of the ;¦ country, ' the same being backed
up by *«uch? military .force as -will .insure
the administration, of the laws as well
as the protection of property/
MRS. - ELM A '= McNAUGHT.
Ferdy— She Is' all the \world" to me!
What would you advise me to do? Percy
—See a little more of the world, old chap.
—Puck. "._._;__- .._.._ .- '¦"' "* '¦
10HAXX CAINE has been giving
sittings for a bust all during
the -winter, that is to say,
from November, 1899, onward, to
Joseph W. S-wynrrerton, an English
sculptor u-hese studio is at 2 Via
Montebello, Borne. The bust has now
been completed and translated into
marble. Before Hr. Sinyaiierton sat
aut xrith it for London in order to se
cure it a place in th.e Academy he
complied with a request which. Hall
Caine had made on my behalf and
had a photograph of the bust taken.
In it you will see not so much a
striking head, •which has lent itself
so easily and so frequently, though
so involuntarily, to the reproductions
of publicity, the facile portraiture of
world- wide notoristy, as the more
striking and precious bust of the
artificer of "Xhe Christian," " "The
Bondman," "The Manxman" and
othtr works. In , a word, not the
mannered representation, but the pic
tured soul living in the truth of the
body; not the material representa
tion of the camera, but an artist's
:onsummate divination.^
It has been nqticcd^or; it may bs
pointed out, that -tb^pe*:is a three
fold resemblance intbeface and head
of the popular novelist; a special re
semblance to Shakespeare in the up
per part of the face, a special resem
blance to the' traditional Christ of
painting— notably the Hussian type
—in the lower part of tbe face, and
a general resemblance to each in the
whole face. Hall Caine's hair r is
auburn; his beard and mustache are
reddish.
But the present bust, which many
Americans will admire this coming
season in London, is not simply this.
It is a revelation of the author and
thinker to himsslf, I may say, first
and foremost, since I heard him say
after looking at it long: "I see my
c*]f now at la*t" fdnnbtless referring
thin neck tarnlng frraceftilly from side to
s=i«ie. ready to dart like li^htnin? at any
prey that may appear. To facilitate this,
the neck? of all varieties of the oceanic
snakes are exceptionally lcnsr and thin,
•while the body is deep and thick. The
A REMARKABLE STUDY
OF HALL CAINE
£y iOilliam J. £>• Croke, ££.?>.
to his other portraits). "I can read
my character in it."
One sees the ¦writer who is able to
captivate and enthrall millions of
readers and spectators of the drama
in every part cf. the world, not
the English-speaking world only,
.but in Finland, in. Italy, in every
interested in modem ro
mancs, a man whoss very name when
mentioned is. so to speak, put to the
test, whose fame is ever . glowing in
the very crucible.
I call the bust a revelation because
of . the way in which it reveals the
n:an. Let me explain in what way
chiefly: I was seeking; his advice
once, on his earlier visit to Rome in
1898, about an historical . question,
some new documents of which I had
brought to light. I intended to use
them so. Was I rightly inspired?
"What would be ideal," he said, in
answer, "would be to lay stress upon
the human element, to search for it,
to seize it, to bring out whatever is
human. That it is which tells." Ha
is essentially the human novelist
through all the range o? his ideals—
of the picturesque, the powerful, the
terrible, the sweet— especially the
sweet.
The best portrait of him, that
which is prefixed to "The Bondman,"
is half hidden in shadow by reason
of the masterful forehead. Here.it *
is not so. Light falls upon the face,
just as light is in the face, and the
eyes peer into some human fact or
some human mystery. It is the hn
m^n novelist ¦ doubled with the es
thete, the friend and fellow of Dante
"Gabriel Rossetti aid William Morris
in art, and cf William Blackmore and
2ffr. Gladstone in study.
Thus while it is true figuratively
as a material portraiture in the pure
ness and -whiteness of the best marble
¦which Italy yields, it is also true
with vital reality— an image instinct
with the soul of a ereat writer.
to their appearance by their particularly
graceful swimming motion. It is sinuous,
not so much like that of an eel' as like
the motion of a caterpillar. Their heads
are held high, sticking bolt upright cut
of the water, with the particularly Ion?
OCEANIC SERPENTS THAT ARE AS GORGEOUSLY BEAUTIFUL AS THEY ARE DEADLY
THE SUNDAY CALL.
11
(_— HERE ir? twn thirds •which alwayt
k-.f traff ar. intense interest for ev
,_.•,....-,. ar^j probably ¦will continue
*» td have pnti fir.al d;frcverj- sets all
tfcu^t at rest. They are the north pole
end th? sfa s*rp^r.t. Pcsrftly racst of us
•wcTild prefer to sec th» sea serpent rather
than the north role. It is therefore with
g. : .zz.zz.t sense of envy that one reads
:r rfiCisl r<fpcrt of a United States Gov
*rr.~-r.t crucial to the that a ship
en ¦which he tva*-a passenger recently
passed throuph enough sea serpents to
fnmi»h BSaUerfal for every seaside resort'
ir. tr^ •ncr'.ii. They •were American s-fz,
Krpei - too. for th*y w-ere seen in the
terrttori*3 -waters of our island posses-
K< -. the Philippines. So it appears that.
with the exception of the north pole, we
have in these islanxis about everything
worth th" ha%"ir.s — volcanoes, head hunt
en, .ar.-ib--.l5. Malay pirates, harems and
s^a. mervesixs.
Dr. G'^rs^ F. Becker is the ofScial xrho
has ma^i* 'his uncotrnion report. He has
beer, studyins: the mineral resources of
the PHUipptaes *or the Cnited States Geo-
Icfrical Surv<> and aireacy has published
a. gr'-a: An] of extremely valuable know!-
v.-h;<^h would have b«en lest to the
trorid forener had the Spaniard? contin-
O«d to hold the group.
It «f in the s^ea of Jolo that he =zw
the prwit jizht. He was on a steamship
:• • i>.";-< the tray from Cebu u> Jolo.
and : " • • ¦"¦ were encountered
I- gbr.u: the rni>1il>» et th? sea.
They ¦wore the famous and dreade-1
Thana.tor:nic:a. fnalies that live in deep
teas an-d are not able to survive in any ex
cept sail ¦water, and which are more v#-n
crr.o--s than any land snake known with
rh«? *>x':^pt;'>r.. possibly, of th»» cobra cf
Ir.cia and the bushma*ter of South Af
rlca. Indeed, rnar.y observers say that
they sre n:ore poisonous than even these
cna'kes. and. as they are Intensely belli*
erfrt and generally begin the attack, the
f.?r.frmen in the In<ii2.n Ocean ar.d in the
FCU -f the Philippines and of Polynesia
tear them abjectly. Not many ypar? e?o
an cr.tire island was kept practically in
a state cf siegre by ar. Iminni" band of
these Kiakrs that appeared suddenly off
tfce rcaft and alarmed the boatmen and
Cshcnaefl bo greatly that for pome weeks
cot a vessel was uwvrf away { rora shore.
They are beautiful creatures, and add
tails are Ea:t?r.ed out. ar.£ ar° ;i:a;«<J
Just like rudders, which they are. They
live often la tne deepest pan of th» deep
sea3 Gf their habitat, and ihtir DOStrtU
are so adjiistcl that t'sey can remain un
der water for a. Twry lun? time. Their
lur.^s are remarkably larse.
Trie fishermen draw many ashore in
nets, and often they have savags ar.d
deadly tights with tbcsx It Is- an unsr.:
t»n law m the archipeJasces that no sea
sr.ake nrast be allowed M estape if It i*
possible to kill ir. but r.j ft-htrraan ever
attacks them in the ©pen *<ea.
Their chief enemies arc ti".? crea* Ei3t
Indian sea eagle and she sharxs. Th»
eagies hover over them ti!l thfy wa maa
ase to seize then iusz behind the head,
v.hen they pounce on them and cat their
poisonous ja^r3 off with * q'Jick s'roke of
the bUl The sharks seem to have no fear
at ail of the venom, for they rt:sh into m.
schcol of snakes and devour them right
and left. It Is suppose*! that the ".?h.i
gnta" skin of Gxa shark 13 taipeirtona to
the poison.
In 1SZZ a sea sr.ak* about six feet lor?
crawted on board of the Briti5h warship
Algerine. then anchored near Madras, and
bit a sa!!cr in the iniiex tinker of the ri?hi
hand. He paid co attrntioa to the bit*.
for it did not octar t3 any one on the ship
that a marine snake could be venomous.
Half an hoar af:*r the attack h? was * tr
lnj; a hearty breakfast ar.d feeling we!!.
Tw--> hour? afterward h<* was on d<>ck duty
•when suddenly he vomited. His pnl3e be
came Intermittent all at once and his ••yes
re^an to stare. Coid sweat broke oct on
him and his threat became paralyzed.
Then the wound swelled, and finally th*
whole side of his body became bloated.
IN* face and neck became purple and
pray. He was pat into a hot bath, whicft
relieved him a little, bat twenty minutes
after that his whole body turned dark ami
he was seized with fits. Then a dark.
Pticky Culd ran out of his mouth. an>i
death cams four bears after he had beea
There are many families of tfces*
oceanic serpents. Most of them are bean
tlf ul. • The" most striking are banded
snakes of the subdivision Platarcs. Th«T
average a yard in lemrh and ar» gor
geous. The back usually is a lively blue
or green, the belly yellow, and twenty
five cr thirty J-et black rings encircle thaTHE 5UBDAY CALL.
12
9Tif the day of realism in v»ry «,\ I ft *33gfiBF8ffi:jjffjffl|pSg?W|
H truth. Ideals are way licl.rw par ftl I |y%laBy^Er >T?liBS
S in this workaday world .-md this tt\ \ »if^. ¦'. H' } »» - Mi
is no" lime for misty boinprs who ¥\ \ '..¦;•¦>,•;¦ 1 , : MH
have their source In artists' brains %\ \ «|&~ -. .-*, B '- ,' J ,-.- * Jlaj^Hwi
to expect n:i:<-li advertising;. Real %\ \ %y^ag^fcfflSaS«3»9tiilBS^
furniture. wal clothes. i>a! people VA \ $>>W§jlj| BBJHHeE
go !•> make the most up-to-date pic- fck\ \
tures. An<1 tho=? pictures, Instead of a\ \ WjgBlttifiMBS3WMBBBK!
being the fruit of long; patient hours yk \ \
k s^pent In posing, are made while the u^\ \
V squeeze ••: tho camera's bulh. an<1 y.\ \ \wMPffi^ffBrffiT^^3i
\\ ;¦,,..;,¦¦ you are. The geijlus at the. \A \ l^B^^fflSPr^^^B
"y, bottom • f t 1 1 • whole matter is the "k\ \
v art photosrapher. \\ \ f^^^S
\Ait obotoaraphy is responsible for \ 'Hi
Some of the truest type studies ot vA \
lo-day. 'i'l!' :¦• ;.-= "The Little Ans- \ T^TH
i let." for instance. He is just an ev- a\ \
\, try body younpster who lias skippea >L\ \ W^^^S^^
V away to a grassy plate by tha jiond \k\ \ \j«K^3CC
\ thai 1:- knows. He probably nught \.\ \ iHB^^
V t,, be Fitting at a prim little desk. \*\ \
rcadiJiR a prirh little lesson, but \\\
[\ V plainly he isn't. tV\ \
! \ '!'!;• <•- studies by Mr. J. Fowzer >V\ \ "X^alS
» \ V .-how tli- painstaking: that is neces- \ \
tary to produce living results. %k.W^B
S^vV. "Any old" scenery won't do for \^
¦j^^v^Os. Tt him, but he must needs paint a \ \ \
• ¦:-'.v"-^i;V>v*>v baoJtground for each picture. In . \.X N
V'^vYf T^^ "The Little Angler" we see the >?V
*L-- : ' .•"iXr ? ghinins water, the plants growing
L-'^v*^_>C*Vl \ *• close to it and the shady spot be-
V^-^^Vl \ hind the old tree— just the spot
/^ '^^- N. v v where a youns runaway fisher
>v >v -^ - man would like to lurk. In "Con
\ _\ tentment" the Dutch interior of
seventeenth century days is per- N. V'^/i/Pt^^
feet, and for the same leason: he \^**V/ r^ji^- : ]
minted it on' purpose to make a V / ::-J -.;¦:¦ J " -J
i'ii Uting background for the figure. 'V AA/Hgiy
V This little Dutch study is realis- ' TT l.-ffry
tic. Mr." Fowzer spread a 'table with . -V • LV/
X^^' a real cloth and set forth thereon a. "X. \ /!*/
X^k veritable loaf of bread, plate of sans- V^ \ /.¦:'/
: 'Xm. ages and a life-sized stein. The cat \fS(
\ . wa s alive and purring, the spinning % jrj
\ wheel he made with his own hands V / •/
\^^ and, best of all. the spirit of content- {//
S^ \. \k ment was a living model. \
>^ \^ "The Loire Fisherman" is a study of j- \
Ny old Manuel, the most famous artists' % \
\ N^ \% model of all San Francisco. Pen-and- \
V^* >^ \% ink people have ' sketched him and \
\. \^. . painters .have painted .him. and here
\ \^v he is,'' true to life, presented according \*\
.\ \^o, to the- ways of art photography. \ \
a \ \^ "Thff -Vagabond" "would not be & % \
Wk> ; \ \^l vagabond worth the name without tag- %\
Sp^ >\^^ rag' trousers and forlorn hat— not that \
IS5 /f */j$?%> clothes make. the man. The aparkllns \
SR v / /"O Ik mischief and knowingnesa of the
?^t^4^L^/ » ybung man who lives by his\wlts are
¦sSN^J^' \ - \ ' " in'every line of the bright little face, r ,%:
\ \. and "the attitude is one better fitted to
• \ a newsboys' corner than to the danc- ,;1
S$^s\.N, V^X^X \ ing school floor. . \
'Vv^oOsx^' \ The background of "Ye Olden Days" .
O^C^oOv >sS^U s> v_«k is another example of "¦what the scene
*\vO*\\\ m-e, \w painter's art can do. The fireplace.
V\V\ X^nVX^^SK \1l the deep window, the growing plants—
\ \V\\ VOV^A^ \l ' even the frying pan and the clock—
( Ci^& \ a are all In harmony with the peaceful,
KS^aX^ *?£>^Tvijk \ R thrifty picture. If it be objected that
i$^\s£Wm'£§^O^>J \ S this particular kind of leg-o'-mutton
\\ ' l\ vr^Av \Wi ? \ B sleeve does not date back to spinning
nOKwAX \vr# W wheel days— what of it?
ART
PHOTOGRAPHYconvention adopted by The Hague peace
conference In fevor of the restoration of
peace In South Africa. The committee
calls attention to the clause of the con
vention for the peaceful settlement of in
ternational conflicts, by the terms of
which the signatory powers aisrreed to use
all efforts for the settlement not only of
difficulties among themselves, but of all
International disputes. Consequently the
committee declares an offer of mediation
cannot be considered by Great Britain aa
an unfriendly act.
ATTEMPT TO DESTROY
BRITISH FORTIFICATIONS
CHICAGO. May - 13.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Vancouver. B. C.
says: Fenian sympathizers with the Boers
have made an attempt to blow up the
British fortifications at Esquimau. The
big naval docks, where $70,000,000 damage
could have been done, were the objective
point of the leaders In the plot, who barely
escaped from the guard with their lives.
Major Bennett of the Duke of Con
naUght's Own Rifles made a statement of
the circumstances to-day. ¦ He says that
three weeks ago the officer commanding
at the Esqulmalt forts was advised to
look out for the possibility of a Fenian
outrage. The Information came from the
military authorities at San Francisco and
with it the description of three well
known Fenians, who were a few da>-3
later recognized at Vancouver.
Orders were given to the sentries to
shoot after the failure to reply to*a second
challenge and to . shoot to kllL On
Wednesday night Just at midnight four
men were discovered by the sentries with
in the' line of the first outposts and they
were Just abreast of the Fort Macaulay
¦works and within a. short distance of th©
large docks of the North Pacific squadron
and two guards challenged almost ; almal-
taneously. There was no response and the
dimly outlined figures crouched to the
ground. • ., ¦ .• '
The guards challenged again, and at
this several other ' sentries Immediately
Sred. By the time a search party had
been formed there was much confusion,
and the men succeeded In running past
the latter outposts. The guards have been
doubled. .
ALMOST CAUGHT UP
WITH RETREATING BOERS
LONDON, May 13.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Gen
eral Burlier, dated Newcastle. May 19:
"General Clery moved to Ingogo to-day
and General Dundonald to Laings Nek.
We almost caught up with the tail of the
enemy's column and have captured a. few
prisoners and wagons.
"The men have marched very well In
deed. I left Ladysmlth May 10,. and by
the road used cm now 13S ¦ miles from
"The telegraph section has been . Inde
fatigable and the army service corps has
kept us full of rations all the time. . The
Fifth Division al3O has done great ser
vice.". - ' . . .- --•¦¦ ¦ .
PLOT TO 'BLOW-UP -¦_.
A BRITISH WARSHIP
NEW YORK May, 19.— A special to the
Sun from! Durban' says: The; story of a
plot to blow tip the British warship Forte
In Delagoa Bay Is confirmed, and the con
spiracy appears, to have been, much' more
extensive than, was at first believed.: An
explanation of -the proclamation 1 Issued m
month ' ago that boats : approaching too
near warships : permission would
BOER DELEGATES MAY
BE OFFICIALLY RECEIVED
WASHINGTON. May ».— Th« creden
tials of the Boer delegates now In Wash
ington will be submitted to the Secretary
of State on Monday next. Colonel
O'Belrne called at the State Department
this afternoon and arranged with Secre
tary .Hay that the Boer credential should
be submitted tn advanc* of the presenta
tion of the gentlemen themselves. This
Is in accordance with the usual cours*
governing the presentation of. foreign
Ministers. So Mr. O'Belrne. the private
secretary of the delegation. Is expected, to
bring the credentials to the State Depart
ment on Monday, where they will be sub
mitted fcr the careful examination of th©
department, which does not at present
know anything of their character.
It was made evident to Colonel O'Belma
that the Stare Department Is disposed to
treat the Boer delegates with absolute,
fairness and that their credentials conse
quently are to be considered on their
merits. It Is by no means & foregone con
clusion thatftthe delegates are to> be de
nied official recognition.
That was the first decision, and It may.
after all. be the outcome. But It Is said
that much depends upon the character oi
the credentials and also upon the attlroda
of the delegates themselves. I: Is said
among certain, officials of the State De
partment that If the Government should
consider It necessary to cast abont for m.
warrant for accepting the Boers officially
it might turn to the convention of 13S4 be
tween Great Britain and th« Transvaal
and declare that la * ' that docu
ment Is by Implication to be foend
a renunciation of Great Britain's
s-ozerainty. and' consequently ther« no
longer exists any prohibition epea
other nations In - the dealings wtta
the Boer republics— at least to the extent
of offering official recognition to their
diplomatic representatives. The fact that
consideration has been given at all to this
phase of the matter zsay be regarded as
signlScant of the fact that at present the
administration holds itself tn a receptive
state as far as the credentials are con
cerned, and is disposed to consider »*^m
on their merits.
«
rgTSTft 1 BRIGADE CUT TTP.
CAPE TOWN. May 13.— The Cap« a.tji
says -that eighty of ElofTs patrol wer»
killed and that the Irish-American brigade
was greatly cut up at Kroonstad. Tha
Boers are turning against the French aa4
Germans.
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1S0O, by. the. New York Herald Company. ¦ Republlcatlon of this
dispatch is prohibited. All rights reserved In the United State3 and Great Britain.]
LOITRENZO MARQUEZ, May 13. — The Transvaal Government decided to-day- to send a message- to Lord Roberts,
revesting the cessation of hostilities, demanding a guarantee that. the lives of all colonials fighting with the
Boers shall be spared, and stating that unless these terms are, granted the mines will be blown, up and Johannes
burg destroyed. • • ' ".
The Government has been for some time considering the destruction cf the mines. , President Kruger. and
the executive council were against the proposition, but- a strong popular pressure ; was. brought to bear- in* favor of It. .
President Kruger has had a. dream that the war would be ended within three weeks, which he ¦ nrmly • believes. There
Is much uncertainty In Pretoria, where Kruger 13 the only strong hand. The Boer President told me yesterday that he
would fight until the last cartridge, but many officials and burghers are shaky and desire a compromise. .They do not
want to defend Pretoria for fear that their property will be destroyed by bombardment.
A large meeting- was held Thursday night at which the women- of Pretoria passed resolutions urging the defense •
of the capital to the bitter end. Provisions will' soon be scarce In Pretoria. All is being taken to Lydenberg. where
the capital may be removed. Notwithstanding the discouraging situation. President Steyn maintains a cheery and bold "
demeanor. ' * ,/-v. .•- ' . ' -
A few hundred men of the foreign legion attacked Maf eking Saturday and carried several forts. The Boers failed
to support them and the resclt was a fiasco. Tne relieving column of the British waa then within a.' few miles of the
town, and the Boer Government had stooped all telesraphic news going out. .;'.,>'-•
be fired on Is tbat the admiral command-
Ing the South African station " thus gave
an early intimation to the Boer emissaries
who had been appointed to visit Durban
and Cape Town and attack the warships
with infernal machines that a strict sur
veillance would be maintained every night
on all men-of-war.
RELIEF COLUMN WAS
ATTACKED BY BOERS
LONDON. May 19.— A special dispatch
from Molopo. dated May IS. states that
a large British force from the south suc
ceeded In entering Mafeking Wednesdar
and that the siege was 'raised by the
Boer commandos withdrawing- eastward.
BERLIN', May 13.— A special from Cape
Town says \ that the ; relief \ column : as It
approached Mafeklng from the south was
attacked by" a strong. force of Boers, who
were repulsed/. , The column then pushed
on and the Boers retreated hurriedly.
The rear guard continued In action for
some time. .The British - casualties were
Slight. ; . ¦ . '¦ ' *';> ; '
HUTTON MADE A DASH.
KROONSTAD, May IS.— General Hut ton.
with his -mounted infantry to-day made a
dash upon Bath^ville and captured three
commandants and . nineteen ? other prison
ers, mostly Zarps. The Colt machine guz$
section, commanded by. Atlumney." has ar
rived »here. .
.Owing to the derailing of two trains at
the Vet River progress , toward the com
pletion of the railway deviation will be de
layed for some days.
BELIEVED LAST WEtETESDAY.
LORENZO MARQUES. May 15—1U
feklns waa relieved Wednesday, liar It
believe are ample to enable -as., through
the goodoSces of a friendly Government.
to stop tiie bloodshed that is gclcg en la
our hone country. Further t^-*^ tfrat I
would not like to discuss them."
LONDON, May "38, -4:25- p. m.— Last
night's Court Circular contains the
following: "The Queen received on
Friday night - with the greatest
gratification and thankfulness • the
news of the relief of MafeSing-. after a
heroic defense of over seven months by
Colonel Baden-Powell and troops under
hla command."
-The significance of this, which refers to
the receipt by her Majesty of a copy of
the Associated Press dispatches from Pre
toria, is that It Is the first official intima
tion of the relief of Maf eking, and it would
not have been made had any doubt ex
isted In the official mind as to the correct
nesS of the news/
Meanwhile, the usual Saturday, night s
silence covers the seat of war. Cables
are mainly composed of reports of en
thusiastic jubilation over the relief of
Maf eking at various points In South Af
rica.
A dispatch from "Wlnbcrg dated May 13
say3 :
••General I Rundle reached Trommel.
twenty-eisht miles from here, on Friday,
traversing exceedingly mountainous coun
try. Commandant Olivier's commando is
several days ahead of him, but stray pa
trols of Boers are watching Rundle's
movements. His men are in excellent
form. In splteof the long daily marches."
A dispatch from Pietermaritzburg says:
"The occupation of Newcastle by General
BuIIer has caused great jubilation. The
magistrate and his staff, the Mayor and
the Corporation have left for Newcastle.
Many. Seeing Boers have irone to the Free
State by Mullers Pass; others have gone
to Wakkerstroem. Most of them, how
ever, have gone north as a disorganized
mob."
MANY VISITORS GREET
BOER PEACE ENVOYS
WASHINGTON, May 19.— Three Terr
tired Boer envoys stood up all morning in
their apartments at the Arlington shaking
hands with a constant stream of visitors.
acquiescing In the numerous requests and
suggestions of the "Washington reception
committee and cautiously parryln? the
rapid fire of Inquiries, from a small army
of newspaper correspondents. , Mr. Fischer
was" the spokesman _of theparty.
•TVe are, playing a' wholly unaccustom
ed role as diplomats.',' said he. "and It Is
of the utmost moment that we should not
give offense to the American Government
by violating any of the techlncal rules of
the game which we know nothtn? abont.
We have a ' mission to perform to the
State Department . and .' there are things
connected with ". that mission -whica the
State Department has a right to know
before 'we discuss them In public."
Asked what were the nature of the com
mission's credentials. Mr. Fischer replied:
"Ther are from our Government, and we
Transvaal Government MaKes Dire Threats in
Requesting of Lord Roberts a Cessation
or iiosciiicies*
READY TO BLOW UP MINES
AND DESTROY JOHANNESBURG
: BERNE. Switzerland. May 13.— The ecm
mlttee of the* International Peace Burean
has decided to make a final appeal to the
: twenty-rive powers who are signers of the
> 1 1 ¦ i*i .in' in mniinium iii ¦ ii in r — ] i n i T n~ '
Both the Queen and Lord Salisbury
have replied to many telegrams of con
gratulation from the Mayors of provin
cial towns.
Plenty of Bough Horse Play.
During the course of the afternoon, the
p^Ice found diffcuKy In keeping the
spirit cf unruliness down. A deal of
rough horse play was Indulged In and
every soldier and sailor in uniform was
seized and carried upon the shoulders of
the cheering demonstrators.
A te deum sarvlce was held in St. Paul's
Church this afternoon. The Lord Mayer
and the Sheriffs had intended to be here
at the services, but they were forced to
telephone that It Trould be hopeless for
them to attempt to leave the Mansion
House, which was besieged by an im
passable crowd.
TOTAL APPEAL TO BE MADE.
toes, portraits of Baden-Pc-well. Lord
Roberts and other popular officers.
An Unprecedented Scene.
The scene Is unprecedented in the an
nals of the metropolis. Farther west
ward through PaJi Mall and Piccadilly.
and from Hyde Park comer to the ex
treme west, similar scenes are being en
acted. Extraordinary demonstrations
continue outside of Colonel Baden-Pow
ell's residence, where a brilliantly il
luminated device is exhibited. Mrs. Ba
den-Powell, the colonel's mother, and his
sister occupied a box at the Alhambra
tt>-night, where a tremendous ovation
¦was. accorded them. There are proces
sions with bands and banners every
where. All the West End clubs and many
other buildings are Illuminated.
The "Wax OiSee at 9 o'clock to-night had
no further news regarding the relief of
Mafefcing. Outside the building there is
a scene of indescribable enthusiasm. The
various suburbs of London are having
their local celebrations with torchlight
processions and fireworks, and the Crys
tal Palace and other places of open-air
amusement are giving special fetes.
Joy in Provincial Towns.
From provincial towns everywhere
ccnaes the same tale of rejoicings. The
Queen this afternoon visited "Wellington
College In company with Duke of Con
naught and Princess Beatrice to see the
latter's son. Prince Alexander of Batten
berg, who is a student there. General
French's son is also a student at this
eolleg-e and he was presented to the
Queen. The Queen Inspected the cloak
•worn by the Duke of Wellington at
Waterloo. ' Both on her journey to the
college and returning the Queen was
greeted enthusiastically by the crowds of
Mafekinp demonstrators.
Tumultuous Scenes Continue to
Follow the News of tbe
Relief of Mafekinq.
LCNTX3N. May 23.— Lorioa to-night
Is lr. a ftate cf carnival, so far as
the LeaOcz thoroughfares are con
cerned. The lii^ratioo from toil of
hundreds cf thousands cf the work-
classes In the afternoon to some |
extent changes the character cf the cele- j
tration which In the forenoon had fc*en j
marked by the absence of disorder and j
tr many graceful Incidents, more especial- |
ly in the West End. Colonel Baden- j
Powell's house, which fares Hyde Park. ;
-»-a* **1 day the center of scenes -which j
must have been extremely gratifying- to j
J- : s familv, who constantly appeared on ]
the btSCMJJ to bow their acknowk-dgr- i
meets. In addition there was a continu
ous ttreaxa of carriages bringing visitor*
lea-rtng cards cf congratulation.
When the art students' procession,
vh!ch was of great length, having- been
4 c!ied by many members of the best fam
ta*mi stepped in front of the house the
t~-o's mother and sister came to the win
dow, evidently ereatly moved. His sister
fetched * large oil portrait of the colonel. ;
In laurers. and plac-d It con
rplcuoaely on the balcony, When the
ttonn of cheers ceased for a moment the
CofeHSeTl mother briefly addressed the
crowd. expressing her heartfelt thanks to .
the demonstrators.
At about tiiis time a beautlfally appoint
ed "equipage drew along. In which was
three ladies, each completely attired in ;
one cf the rational colors— red. white and
clue. The channisg effect of this, and
B*miiar Incidents, pare a picturesque touch i
to the festivities. Everywhere were seen
processions and various bands fa carnival
er khaki attire, accompanied by pretty [
cirls and youths collecting money for the |
•various funds connected with the war.
City Covered With Flags.
7Tj<»re must have been millions #f Hag* i
eold during the day.* The whole city was
covered with them. There was little
ether attempt at de^ratlon, but the ef
*e<t Is altogether novel to Londoners.
To-night, although the excitement In
creases tn Intensity and tne crowds are
hourly thickening until it Is almost la
possible to pass through the streets and
t^tc tffff** of tb * Queen's Jubilee are
quite eclipsed, the demonstrators are j
mainly composed of the rougher and j
lower orders, who after tndBTjfgg freely
Jr. liquor found amusement tn hat-smash- I
*-r throwing paper and confetti ar.d In }
va-ioii< kinds of horse play matins the
streets hideous 1 with the noise of their
trumpets, concertinas and other musical
Ir-struments, and in creating ugly rushes
SLlong the thoroughfare*. A cab or even
& seat on a 'bus Is unobtainable.
Frota Charing Cross to the Mansion
House is a. seething 1 mass of humanity
on the tops of omnibuses and In
cabs and vehicles of all kinds. aU wear
frr litti* Cars. loyal badges and bat-'
BADEN-POWELL THE
HERO OF THE HOUR
QUEEN EXPRESSES
HER GRATIFICATION
Court _ Circular's Ai)Qouncen)eQt
Maizes It Seem Certain That
Mafekinq Is Relieved.
LONDON GOES WILD OVER THE NEWS JFRO7VY MAFEKING-SGENE IN FRONT OF THE-MANSION HOUSE.
*" Adapted from the Illustrated London News' picture of the rejoicing 1 over the relief of Ladysxnith. »
PRETORIA GOVERNMENT MAY SOON SUE
LORD ROBERTS FOR PEACE
LONDON, May 20* — It is reported that the Pretoria Government has decided to sue to, Lord Roberts for peace*
While no confirmation of this rumor is at hand it is generally credited*
Pages 13 to 22
SA^ FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1000-TH1BTY-TWO PA0ES.
VOLUME LXXXTH-XO. 181.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call
Pages 13 to 22Bryan Is Strongly Indorsed and Ac
tions of President -McKinley
Condemned.
NEW YORK. May 19.— Less than a hun
dred delegates met to-day at th^ State
Convention of JCew York State "Chicago
Platform" Democrats held ia this city.
A platform was adopted reaffirming the
Chicago platform of 1$'j6. with particular
emphasis on the unlimited coinage- of sil
ver and gold at the ratio of 16 to 1. in
dependent of all other nations.
The platform declares against all com
binations and trusts; demands the pub
lic ownership, operation and control of all
Xatlonal monopolies: declares against tha
creation and maintenance of a large
standing army: condemns the action of
the President of the United States in using
the militia "for the unlawful persecution
against organized labor"; condemns tho
war against the Filipinos as being a war
of criminal aggression, and condemns the
Republican party for "handing over to the
trusts, monopolies and politicians the isl
and of Cuba and, depriving the people of
their absolute right of self-government."
The platform demands the granting to
the people of Porto Rico their constitu
tional rights and privileges, and demands
legislation which shall secure the citi
zens right to jury trial In those casea
where citizens are alleged to have vio
lated Injunctions.
Letters were read from several persons;
one from Senator James K. Jones, chair
man of the National Democratic Com
mittee, advising against any radical ac
tion on the part of the convention and
stating that every effort should be mada
to bring about harmony.
The convention adjourned to meet again
June 6. At that time. In case the regular
Democrats do not Instruct for Bryan, a
contesting delegation will be sent to tho
national convention at Kansas City.
Delegates Elected.
BAN" ANDREAS, May 19.— The Deirnv
cratlc County Convention held at this
place to-day elected the following dele
gates to the Democratic State Conven
tion, to be held at Sacramento, June U;
P. H. Keln. Harry Clary, Thomas J. Mc-
Sorley. C. R- Hawley. J. P. Snyder, "Win
•A. Dower, Thomas J. Moran, S. A. Hoff
man, W. J. Lorlng.
CONVENTION OF CHICAGO
PLATFORM DEMOCRATS
LOS ANGELES PBIMAKIES.
cratic Committee.
Pate for Holding: Them Set by Demo-
LOS ANGELES. May 19.— The Los An
geles Democratic Central * County Com
mittee met here to-day and selected May
20 as the date for holding primaries and
June 6 as the date for holding the county
convention to elect delegates to the State
convention.
> Two features of the meeting were- the
presence ¦ as a member of the committee
of E. L. Hutchlnson. formerly the vPopu
list fusion candidate for Lieutenant Gov
ernor, and t,he announcement by Georgo
S. • Patton..- a former candidate for the
Congressional nomination, of his perma
nent retirement from politics.
Santa Cruz Delegation.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ, May 19.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committe met in
'this city to-day and ' the following were
elected delegates to the Democratic State
Convention: .Hon. Thomas Beck, Judge
W: V. Gaffed Charles E. Peckham, F. L.
-Wlllekes MacUbnald, Edward White, C.
S.Johnson, Horatio -V. Angell, Andrew D.
Duffey. D. W. Johnston, F. R. Walt! and
Charles B.* Younger Jr. -
HARRINGTON'S OPINION
W OF CUBAN RAILROAD
Says It Can Be Built ¦for a Nominal
Sum and He Knew a Scandal
Was Imminent.
EL. PASO. Texas, May • 19.— John Har
rington, until recently superintendent of
construction of the Government railroad
in Cuba, is in this city. Discussing tha
charges that there was a big steal by con
tractors he said the moving spirits of the
company having the contract to build the
road are ex-Secretary of War Alger, Sen
ators Platt and Depew. . ' .""
Captain James S. Mlchela of the quar
termaster's department inspected and re
ceived the road for the Government and
on the report made by Colonel Black of
the engineers and his (Harrington's) Gov
ernor Wood 'ordered the operations of the
road stopped. Harrington declared the*
road can -be easily built for $10,000 per
mile and he knew a big scandal would re
sult from the investigation.
Valley Commercial Association.
Special Dispatch to The Call. -
BAKERSFIELD, May 13.— The San
Joaquin Commercial Association met here
to-day and transacted considerable busi
ness pertaining to the ¦welfare of the val
ley. • Representatives attended from as
far north as Stockton. After the evening
session the visiting members were enter
tained at a banquet by the business m<in
of Bakerstleld. .
*' WASHINGTON— William H. Hunt of Mon
tana has been selected to be Secretary of State
for the Island of Porto Rico.
CHARLOTTE, N. C— Fire destroyed the
main portion of St. Mary's College at Belmont.
N. C. The loss 1b estimated at $200,000. vj-
OMAHA— The John R. Hugo, a steamer em
ployed on. the Government work on the Mis
souri River at Florence, was totally destroyed
by flre. ¦>; :-"v!
CHICAGO — Owners of Chicago breweries
have defied the city > ordinance requiring them
to pay a $500 license* fee the first day of May
each year.
CHICAGO— More than 400 athletes have en
tered the games of the Western Intercollegiate
Amateur Athletic Association which are to be
held at tho Ravenswood FJeld June 2. .- ~;
CITY OF MEXICO— A work train on the
Ouadalajara branch . of the Mexican Central
road ran into an obstruction, -wrecking tha
engine and a number of cars. . The v American
engineer and ten Mexican laborers were killed.
FRANKFORT, Ky.— Ex-Governor W. O.
Bradley gave out a statement that he will
not be a candidate for Governor in the event
the Supreme Court decides In favor of . the
Democrats in the contest case for election this
fall. ,
CHICAGO— Mrs. William Smith of Klrksvllle,
who came to Chicago to secure the dismissal
of grave-robbing charges against her husband
of eight months I so that tha two might travel
outside of Missouri without fear that he would
be arrested, has won her point and left for
Klrksville a happy woman.
NEW YORK— It Is now announced that Sen
ator Clark will give his daughter. Miss Kafh
erlne Clark, I Jewels valued at $85,000 -upon the
occasion of her marriage to Dr. Lewis Ruther
ford Morris. Six thousand wedding invitations
will »>e issued and It is said that the total
cost of the wedding will be at least S125.000.
WASHINGTON— A new progress map of sls
na.1 corps, telegraph lines and cables in th«
Philippines Just prepared under the direction
of General Greeley Is of especial interest' at
this time. It ehows not only the system as
it existed : on March - 31, but also projected
military telegraph lines and cables now in
process of construction. «^
NEW YORK— Admiral Ahmed Pasha of Tur
key arrived here last night on the Hamburg-
American steamship Augusta Victoria. It has
been repeatedly announced that he will visit
¦Washington for the purpose of ¦ arranginff a
settlement; for the claims for J100.000 growing
out of the destruction of the property of Amer
ican missionaries In Turkey.
Sonoma County Delegates.
SANTA ROSA, May 19.— The. Demo
cratic County Central Committee met
here this afternoon under the presidency
of Assemblyman; Cowan for the purpose
of electing delegates to the State con
vention. James S. Sweet, Mayor of Santa
Rosa, was indorsed by the convention as
delegate from the. district to the National
Democratic Convention. The delegates
to' the State convention, are: Senator
Sims, delegate at large; Frank B. Glynn,
Occidental; W. B. Sanborn, Sebastopol; J.
C Stump, - Bloomfleld: -•¦ Bert Halght,
Healdsburg; Gallant Rains, Petaluma;
Ed Palmer, Petaluma: F. Ralph. Starke,
Penn Grove; E. Snook, Healdsburg; J.
A. McMInn, Healdsburg; D. R. Gale. M.
H Peerman, C O.-Dunbar, W. W. Por
ter and C. ' Shea, Santa Rosa; August F.
Domine, Cloverdale; William C. . Chls
holm, Windsor, and Robert Howe, So
noma. - _ ¦'
HAWLEY OBJECTED.
WASHINGTON, May 19.— In the Senate
Allen of Nebraska 'offered ¦ a resolution
that Messrs. Fischer. \Vessel3 and 'Wol
marans, the Boer delegates^-be admitted
to the floor of the Senate during their so
journ In "Washington. .
¦ i'l object," said Hawley of Connecticut,
and the resolution .went 'over. '*"."¦ '-"•
TELEGRAPHIC NEWS
IN CONDENSED FORM
ALLEGED COMBINATION
AGAINST THIS COUNTRY
Europe.
London Spectator Declares Turkey
Has the Backing of Continental
LONDON. May 19.— "However much
Turkey may wrong the United States,
American ships are not to pass the straits
in order to exict redress from Constanti
nople, under penalty of being blown out
of the water by Russian, German and
Austrian ships."
Thi6 is the deduction drawn by the
Spectator, which in the course of a
lengthy article, based on the anti-Ameri
can utterances of the Llstock of Odessa,
which deals with the alleged hatred of
America .by the Continental powers, es
pecially Russia.
"The main cause of this," continues the
Spectator, "no doubt Is the enormous re
sources of the people of the United States
and the willingness the people have re
vealed, as the Li stock affirms, to use them
for forcible expansion of trade and terri
tory. The statesmen of Europe do not
exactly know what course America will
pursue In her new greatness, and, besides
recognizing clearly that she is stronger
than any single state on the Continent,
they doubt in their hearts whether if all
who speak English stood together it would
be possible for any coalition, even if it
covered all the other civilized states, to
raise up sufficient obstacles to American
designs. They cannot conceive that euch
a mass of power can ever be used but for
relfish ends. Therefore they are genuine
ly alarmed. The Llstock actually speaks
of a combination on 'the Continent to
resist this." *
AMERICAN WARSHIP SENT
TO SUPPRESS BOXERS
Murderous Anti-Christian Society of
China Commits Many Depre
tions.
SHANGHAI, May 20.— Innumerable
"boxers" in the neighborhood of Peking
are becoming dangerous. It is reported
that the United States has ordered a gun
boat to proceed to Taku.
LONDON. May 19.— A special from
Shanghai says: The methods adopted by
the Government to suppress the "boxers"
only intensify the movement. It Is
rumored the dowager Empress secretly
approves the movement and it is expected
that an outbreak will occur shortly near
Peking. The German troops from Klao
chau arc protecting the American mis
sionaries at Shantung.
NEELEY'S INVESTMENTS.
Ex-Havana Postal Official Intended
to Settle in Venezuela.
HAVANA. May 19.— It has been learned
that Charles F. W. Neeley recently sent
to Venezuela a trusted agent with several
thousand dollars, who purchased a con
cession to work six miles of river bed for
gold The evidence Is beginning to show
that he Intended to Invest heavily there,
with the Intention probably of settling
in that locality in the event of future
trouble. The Government Is endeavoring
to discover some possible way to attach
his property. • _ ... -
Street Hallway Strike in Berlin.
BERLIN. May 19.— About 5000 street car
employes are out on strike and traffic is
dislocated. Disturbances at various points
have necessitated extra police precau
tions. The strikers smashed the windows
of cars on Doenhoff Platz and placed cars
Ecross the tracks so as to effectively
block traffic
Belgian King in England.
LONDON, May 19.— The King of the Bel
gians has arrived in England on a visit.
LONDON— The University of Oxford Intends
to confer the honorary degree of doctor of di
vinity on the Rev. Morgan Dlx of Trinity
Church, New York. %
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated Press.
PARIS, May 19.— The unexpected result
of the Paris municipal elections, so unfa
vorable to the Government, has thrown
France Into a state of political uncer
tainty, which the reassembling of the
Chamber of Deputies on Tuesday will help
to clear up. The opening: debates will show
how the hostile feeling in Paris influenced
the position of the Ministry In the pro
ceeding at the Palais Bourbon.
Count Bonl de Castellane will be one of
the first to challenge the Government by
calling the attention of the Chamber to
the speech of Joseph Reinach, intimating
that a pact exists with the Ministry ac
cording to which the Dreyfus affair will
be revived after the exposition.
After a week's careful investigation by
the police, no trace has been found of
the alleged abductors of the authoress
"Gyp" (Comtesse de Janvllle) nor of the
mysterious chateau in which she asserts
she was held a prisoner. There .are not
lacking persons who are skeptical, espe
cially as "Gyp" admits she Is not sure
she could recognize the chateau of her
abductors. The police have made a num
ber of night excursions In company with
"Gyp" over the possible area wherein tho
chateau might be situated. Many amus
ing incidents have been the result, but
th> search has been without practical
outcome. /
Though more than a month has gone by
since the opening of the exposition, there
are- still- very important exhibits which
have not been opened to the public and
large sections remain in the hands of the
workmen. The effective njght illumination
of the buildings and grounds, which was
to be one of the most attractive features,
is still delayed. The statement is not
overdrawn that another month must
elapse before the exposition is open In its
entirety.
Police TJnable to Make Any Head-way
in Search for "Gyp's" Abductors.
Many Persons Skeptical
of Her Story.
Unexpected Result of Recent
Municipal Elections
V the Cause.
POLITICS OF
FRANCE NOW
MUCH MIXED
under way asaln before the launch ehouia
be blown upon the rocks, when the crew
noticed a large crowd of half-naked
natives, armed with bows and arrows
and bolos, concentrating on that part of
the shore where the wind was rapidly
driving the helpless craft. The launch
had one 1-pounder, six rifles and a Mauser
pistol aa armament,' and as the savages
on shore showed signs of ; expectant
hostUity these arms were placed in readi
ness for action. But when the little
steamer -was within a thousand yards of
the beach her machinery was -repaired
and she turned and stfeamed gayly away
from the disappointed men on. shore.
Inasmuch as Luzon undoubtedly will be
most valuable as a naval station and that
cood harbors on the island add materially
to Its value In this respect, the recent dis
coverv nnd sounding of Casiguran Sound
and Gulf is of particular Interest. Our
bluest vessels could enter and anchor in
thif bay without the slightest difficulty.
FILIBUSTERING
ATTEMPTED IN
THE REICHSTAG
Obstructionism Practiced to
Defeat the Lex
Heinze.
Kaiser Takes Occasion Again to Dis
play His Wish to Be on Friendly
Terms With the
Czar.
Copyrighted. 1900. by th« Associated Prew.
BERLIN. May 19.— The United States
Embassador. Andrew D. White, referring
to the news cabled here connecting his
name with the American Vice Presidency,*
informed the representative of the As
toeiated Press that it was one of those
tilings that could not be. adding that he
attached no Importance to the matter,
which was "mere campaign talk."
Obstructionism is something new in
German parliamentary life, hence the j
great ' excitement, coupled with a.masu*- j
ine-nt. of both the press and the Reich-
Ftag majority itself on th« subject of ob
ttructic-n as practiced now in the Reich
stag f> defea-t if possible or fcn any case
retard the passage of thel>cx Heinze. Both
the majority and the minority are deter
mined to Bee the inattvr out, if it taices
a:l summer. The temper in the -Mouse
3 esteniay and to-day was rather hot. For
the purpose of exerting moral pressure
upon the Reichstag the so-called Goeth
<-i'!)und tthat is to say, the federation of
opponents of the bill '• throughout Ger
n*a.nyj will hold an indignation meeting
here early next week. The argument is
Made now that if the Reichstag pays the
hiil the measure will in any case be un
constitutiorial. because part of the delib
erations within the Reichstag were con
ducted secretly, with the exclusion of any
Kind of publicity.
Department Store Bill to Pass.
The Prussian Diet is about ready to
pass the so-caJJed department store bill,
the Conservative and Centrist majority
having rendered the provisions of the
original Government measure more ee
v«:re. increasing the percentage of profits
which the Government will claim from
the department stores to 20 per cent. Dr.
liarth, leader of the Freisslnnige party,
made a stormy but unavailing speech
against the bill.
The Wiesbaden festal week, which has
I'wome an institution of late years*, with
the Krapcror present, this time took, the
*ha.r>e of a IJriiish and American ovation
to fits Majesty. This was especially no
ticeable at yesterday's flower corso, when
a large number of stylish English and
s-fme American ladies tiled past the Em
peror on horseback or in carriages.
While the weather in Berlin has been
bid, in Wiesbaden, since the Emperor's
arrival there, it has been splendid. The
« "zar's birrhday (May 18> wae celebrated
to-day both hore and at Wiesbaden. At
The latter place there was a fine parade,
* gala dlnaer and afterward a perform
pr.ee of "Czar und Zimmermann." The
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Count von
Bu'ow, and ihe Russiaii KmbzLSsador,
Count von Ostensacktii. with the mem
bers of the embassy, tpent the day with
the Emperor at his Majesty's special in
vitation. This was mesmt to demonstrate
that tho relations between the Czar and
Kmperor William were of the best and
most intimate description. In Berlin this
forenoon divine services were conducted
in the Russian chapel in honor of the
Czar, and the Emperor Alexander Guard
Regiment gave a banquet to-day for the
tin* purpose, the Czar being honorary
eoionel of tills regiment.
Emperor's Chang* of Plan.
t Emperor William in the meantime has
changed his plans. He will not return to
I'.erlin before May 27. He will stay j at
Wiesbaden for the present, and will go
on May 25 to visit hi? mother. Thus the
German-American veterans will not have
e. chance to be received in audience by
his Majesty.
Friendly dispatches have been ' ex
changed between the Emperor and the
Prince Regent of Bavaria on the oc
casion of the torpedo flotilla's brief stay
at Ludwifrshaven.
The Hamburg-American line received
the first wireless telegram y«!»terday
from Borkum lightship announcing the
s.rriva.1 of the Kaistr Fricderich.
A curious occurrence is recorded from
Schwabish Hall. Two gymnasium pupils,
respectively named Eugene Tufel and
Werner Kuntz. aged 16 and 17, fought a
<3u«*l with pistols. Kuntz was shot in the
che*.t. The court sentenced both of them
to three months' imprisonment in a for
ireer. '
of the Sister Re
public
Been Found in the Archives
Denial of a Report JThat Deeds Have
CITY OF MEXICO, May 19.-Inquiries
have been received here regarding the al
leged finding In the records of the Mexi
can Government of the title deeds of the
Algodon land grant, situated in the terri
tory formerly belonging to Mexico. It is
presumed that the estate referred to is
that of which the correct name is Algo
<Jor.es, situated partly in Upper and part
ly in Lower- California. Careful inquiries
made in the Department of Foreign Re.
latlons and the Department of Fomento
elicited the information that no steps
have been taken there of late with- regard
to a search for the title deeds of any
property known as Alsodon, or Algo
doncs, and that no euch deeds have been
found.
Algodones grant in Lower California
was sold pome years ago bv the Depart
ment of Finance to Don Guillermo An
drade, who received full and valid title
from the Government. The reason why
these lands were sold by the Finance De
partment rather than by the Department
of Fomento is that they caipe into pos
session of the former either through de
fault in the payment of taxes or through
having been the property belonging to an
ecclesiastical corporation.
. It is said that the sum Involved In the
Algodones .grant situated In the United
States is $6,000,000. Repeatedly officials of
the Mexican Government receive inquir
ies from the United States with regard
to title deeds to lands situated in the ter
ritory that formerly belonged to this
country. There is. no Question that a
nurabcr of such deeds are to be found in
the records of the Government, in some
cases in th*» archives General de la Xa
clon and others in the records of the De
partment of Fomento.
When the cuestion of land titles In
Texas. New Mexico and California was
being adjudicated it Is considered strange
that fuller Investigation was not made of
the records in Mexico, for had this been
done ampler justice might have been ren
dered in many cases. The Mexican Gov
ernment probably would not refuse to
throw open its records for Inspection by
authorized persons or representatives of
legitimate interests. Under present con
ditions when the Minister of Fomento re
ceives inquiry from the States as to where
such and such- title deeds exist In the
records of his department, he as a rule
courteously but briefly replies in the af
firmative or negative, as the case may
be, but without supplying further Infor
mation, as naturally he has no means of
knowing whether such information as he
might pive would be furthering wholly
unworthy ends.
Large Tract in Upper and
Lower California In
volved.
MEXICAN LAND
GRANT TITLES
IN QUESTION
Land-Locked Sea Where the Biggest
Vessels in the American Navy
Could Obtain Safe
Anchorage.
'. ----
Correspondence, of the Associated Press.
MANILA, P. I., A&ril 8.— With the ap
proach of this year's hot weather, which
comes to Manila every April, May and
June, the vessels of the United States
navy have been slipping away to the
cooler ports of China and Japan. It Is
a mighty pleasant thing to thus get away
from the Philippines during the heat of
summer and such a change for three
months will greatly benefit the whole
ship's company. This consideration of the
health-of rhls men was a strong factor in
deciding Admiral "Watson to order several
of the ships from this station to spend
the summer between Yokohama and
Hongkong.
It is a pity the army cannot get this
change. Persistent work tells on a man
out here and we Americans have not yet
learned the -Oriental habits of slowness
In business and naps during the heat of
the day. It is estimated that on an aver
age the American out here does one-half
of the work he would do at home under
the same circumstances and every one
knows it is just twice as hard to ac
complish this half. Army officers can
only get titfs change to the cooler and
even cold climate of China and Japan Dy
obtaining sick leave, but it comes to
many of our naval officers as a part of
their duties.
, The final examinations of the cadets of
the Naval Academy class of 1899 will be
held on the Brooklyn this month at Yo
kohama. This is a great disappointment
to the cadets; it prevents their return
home and in many casea will result in the
adding of three y.ears more sea service in
the Philippines to the one or two years
they have already served out here. Tho
return to Annapolis after the first two
years at sea following their departure
from the academy is always a most pleas
ant incident in the lives of our younir
naval officers. It is a class reunion iu
the alma mater after two years of travel
and duty in new parts of the world.
The life at Annapolis while they are
preparing for the final examinations has
in it an element of freedom and Independ
ence In more or less contrast to their
formejr days there, and as the examina
tions themselves are not difficult to a man
who has not wasted his two years' ap
prenticeship the return to the academy
is unattended by any unpleasant features,
but is replete, with many most pleasant
and enjoyable ones. It also means a visit
to family and friends. All this is denied
the class of 1S91>, it being inexpedient to
return those who are on this station to
Annapolis for their finals, and they will
begin their three years' cruise following
the final examinations without the chance
of getting home.- :-~c.' -
\ An Uncharted Harbor.
The Baltimore starts home from Yoko
hama and the Yosemlte returns to Guam,
stopping first one week in Manila. The
rest of the fleet, the Oregon, Brooklyn.
Newark, New Orleans and Concord, will
then begin a cruise down Japan to China,
stopping about ten days at Kobe, Naga
saki, Shanghai r and Hongkong. -Other
ports may be visited on this cruise, but
they have not yet been announced. |
The Baltimore has just completed the
circumnavigation of Luzon Island and is
now on her way to Hongkong. While on
the eastern coast of Luzon the Baltimore
made a careful survey of Casiguran
Sound and Bay, which to the navy Is a
locality of considerable present Interest
and possible future value. Here our navy
has discovered, practically, a splendid and
sheltered harbor, where the Spanish
charts gave no indication of such a refuge.
Last summer the Wheeling steamed
Into Casiguran Sound and found at its
head a well protected and large bay wjth
deep water. The Wheeling's examination
of this new find was cursory only, as she
had other duties to attend to at the time,
but the reports of Its existence so Inter
ested Admiral Watson that he later de
tailed the Charleston to proceed thither
and make a careful survey of the place.
This the Charleston did, and it was while
the ill-fated vessel was returning from
this trip that she ran on the rocks near
Camaguin Island and was lost. The sur
vey of Casiguran Bay. prepared by her
officers, was not saved. So we were still
without details as to Casiguran Bay. Be
fore sailing for home Admiral Watson
wanted this information, so about
weeks ago the Baltimore was sent around
Luzon with, instructions to examine and
report upon tho newly discovered harbor.
She found the sound to be about nine
miles long, from Cape Telefonso on the
sea side into the narrow passage leading
to the Inner bay. This sound is from six
to two miles broad and has very' deep
water its entire length. Its general direc
tion is northwesterly from the coast line.
The passage into the inner . bay is 1200
vards wide, with deep water up to the
shores. A ship like the Baltimore could
tie up at the shore and reach land with
a gangplank. The inner bay is three and
two-tenth miles long and twojind a^half
miles wide. Its general depth is fifteen
fathoms and the anchorage Is all that
could be desired. The' surrounding hills
protect the vesselB anchored in this bay
from any winds that blow^ and when one
; Is afloat upon Its -waters the. bay , has the
appearance of a land-locked lake. . An<
the best- of the Spanish charts gave not
the slightest intimation that such a pay
1 existed* . The Spaniards, it la asserted,
were' very poor chart makers. -There is
an island in Lingayen Gulf which is down
on the charts of the Spaniards in a posi
tion a mile and a quarter from its rightful
place. :
Adventure With Natives.
1 Caslguran Bay and Gulf were, carefully
examinedby officers of the Baltimore. It
was learned that the west side of the bay
" showed a small shoal and that there Js
¦ a reef; visible In ¦ the day time, at th
' Cape • Telelf onso or northern entrance to
I the sound. Otherwise there Is deep water
' everywhere In bay and SU"-
J ' The Baltimore held some little commu
nication with the natives on shore while
> : inside the bay. One day a canoe or raft
> was- seen approaching from the land.; It
• came along very slowly, because the men
• who propelled it "stopped every xthree
) ; strokes of their paddles to wave a white
» flag. When they finally • *jot on board
- : they begged hard- for : a garrison to pro
tect them from the 'depredations of. the
alleged 'bands of . insurgents operating In
that- vicinity. It was explained to them
that the Baltimore was not there to es
tablish garrisons, and the natives went
. sadly back to their -village.
, Another day a launch > from . the .Balti
more was running down the southern side
5 of . Casiguran Sound, taking. the depth, of
»" water; and v studying "the ' shore/ ¦ It had
5 got pretty near the historic town of Baler
<•'. when the engines broke : down and boat
• and crew were at the mercy of the waves,
i which broke hard on the ¦ rocks to < lee
1 ward. PJvery effort was made : to : repair
the damage to th» - machinery and i get
Charts.
Splendid Ship - Haven Not
" Designated on Spanish
HARBOR FOUND
ON THE EASTERN
COAST OF LUZON
Copyrighted. 1900, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, May 19.— Mafeklng, the splen
did stand of its heroic defenders and
their timely relief formed the sole topib
of conversation here, the other events of
the week being entirely swept out of the
memory of the people of England. In
fact, they have well nigh forgotten Lord
Roberts and the main objective of the
war so overwhelming Is their rejoicing
over the deliverance of the garrison of
the little African village. Neither Klm
berley nor Ladysmit'a appealed to their
symapthies as did Mafeking, and it will
probably be days before the country will
settle down to a sober appreciation of the
struggle still going on on the African
plains and which still presents " serious
military problems.
The successful turn that affairs have
taken In South Africa is most fortu
nate for Lord Salisbury, as his weakest
point, his foreign administration, has
threatened to become an all too prominent
topic. The news that Russia had secured
a cbal depot in Korea, as announced May
13 in a dispatch to the Times from Peking,
has raised a storm of indignation and
many of the Conservative organs have de
clared this is merely another unfortunate
instance of the Premier's utter incapabil
ity to protect British interests in the Far
East. Among those who study Chinese
questions the belief obtains that Russia's
latest move is a direct breach of contract
with a blow against Great Britain and
Japan, which brings these nations face to
face with a grave crisis which pusillani
mous diplomacy will neither end nor
mend.
Advocates War.
The Globe, for instance, .openly advo
cates immediately sending a powerful
fleet to Korea and bluntly demanding that
Russia forego the advantages she is al
leged to have secured in contravention of
th.e afrreements of 1881. However, though
the important organs are in a l>ad humor
over the matter It is said on good au
thority that Lord Salisbury has much too
keen an appreciation of Great Britain's
present troubles to take any alarming
action in the immediate future and that
he only contemplates diplomatic inquiries
and passive aid to Japan in the protests
she will doubtless make.
The Secretary of State for India, Lord
George Hamilton, has granted the Asso
ciated Press permission to inspect the un
published official correspondence received
up to date in his department dealing with
the Indian famine. The mass of reports
that came in by the last mail alone almost
baffle any condensation. Yet now and
again there is revealed by reason of the
very strength of terse verbiage and offi
cial reticence a wealth of pathos and a
world of suffering- which columns of vivid
description could scarcely convey. What,
for instance, could better tell the tale of
sorrow than the following report of the
Cpmmission of Kherwera, in Rajpootana.
With careful regard for the regulation
governing communications he abruptly
commences:
Kherwera-Crops, practically nil.
Water— Hardly any.
Cattle— All dead.
Fodder — None.
People — Thriftless clans, dead; people with
email means, at end of their resources and
either on relief works, or dying.
Crime— Abnormal.
With a pathetic frankness found in few
of these grewsome documents ho con
tinues:
I have tried to keep the Kherwera bazaar
open to all, but as I have only 6000 rupees, lent
mo bj. the Merwar at Dabar, with which to pur
chase grain, I- have miserably failed, and "hun
dreds oome to me dally for permission to buy
and have to be refused.
From all the Commissioners of the na
tive States the same story goes up. There
the distress and suffering is more severe
than in any other part of India, yet the
native States, by virtue of the constitu
tion, are dependent upon the British re
lief system and are not entitled to a share
of Government charity, as they pay no
taxes for imperial support. However, Sir
Charles Bernard, head of the Indian Office
Bureau of Revenue, tells the Associated
Press that the British are advancing loan*
to these States wherever feasible and says
they will come in for their full share of
the relief sent from the United States.
Terrible Mortality.
From those Commissioners of native
States who are only able to advise instead
of ordering the native officials come most
distressing reports as to the conditions,
of their territories not yet hinted at in
the English newspapers. One residetit of
Rajpootana reports that the Dewan of
Slrhoi State, with a population of 186,000
tells him that only 148 persons died of
starvation In March.
In the course of a cheery report the res
ident of Western Rajpootana expresses re
gret that he is obliged to record 3667
deaths as occurring in the famine camps,
hospitals and poornouses In the compara
tively small State of Marwar during
March, while another resident supple
ments this ghastly record of wholesale
mortality by remarking that at Dhaulera,
out of 30,000 persons congregated around
the relief works, 1719 have died between
February 23 and March 25, and this has no
bearing on the inroads of the plague or
cholera. From the latter cause 671 died at
Naghpoore during March.
Captain Grant, on famine duty at Mar
war, reports that the majority of fatal
ities were not preceded by any acute ill
ness.
Declared by Many of the Conserva
tive Journals to Be Incapable of
Caring for British Interests
in the Orient.
SALISBURY'S
WEAK POINTS
ARE TAKEN UP
— '- — -'. '?
London Journals Attack the
Premier.
Foreign Policy of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, 31AY 20, 1900.
14
NEWS OF FOREIGN LAND
BY CABLE TO
THE CALL
ApySBTISEarENTS.
He Who Suffers
Wants to get well. It's a remedy
that he's after. What to him are
the jealousies and hollow warn-
ings of those who sriend their
time in railing at others? I am
still selling the GENUINE
AT PRICES
GOT IN TWO
No models, no imitation to deceive,
no rosy hued promise about this or
that, but the real, original Sanden
patented Belt. There's no "fraud"
about me or my Sanden Belts. Such
trifling epithets redound only in my fa-
vor, advertise my name and increase
the interest of the people in the fact that
Lam selling these grand appliances at—
No. 7 $10.00 Belt for $20.00, No. 6
$3O.oo Belt for $15.00, No. 5 &».oo Belt
DR.S.S. HALL,
7O2 MAWKET ST., ITOOM 3.
SAM fit Alt Cf « CO.
GRAPE-NUTS.
QUIT WHITE BREAD.
Could Not Get Strength From It.
An Episcopalian minister of Ellen-
ville. N. Y, who is interested not only
in the spiritual welfare of his congre-
gation, but in their physical well-beinn
also, says: "I can now do an immense
amount of work and feel no fatigue, for
1 tie reason that I am using Grape-Nuts
breakfast food and have quit coffee en-
tirely and axn using Postum Food Cof-
fee.
"Myself and family are all greatly im-
proved in healtth. We have lareely
abandoned the use of white bread. Up-
vard of twenty-five persons have
I changed their diet, on my recommenda-
tion. It is gladly given, because I
know, from personal experience,
whereof I fpeak."
It is a well -known fact that white
bread is almost entirely composed of
starch and this is difficult of digestion
l»y many people, particularly those who
have weak intestinal digestion. The re-
sult of the use of much white bread is
a lark of brain and nervous power to do
mental work, and it also creates intes-
tinal troubles, because the excess of
starch ferments in the intestines and
makes the conditions right for the
growth of microbes; whereas Grape-
Nuts breakfast food contains the needed
starch, but in a predigested form. That
is. it is transformed into grape sugar in
the process of. manufacture, and deliv-
ered in the packages, ready cooked, and
in such shape that it is immediately as-
fimilated without hard work of the
digestive organs.
. The food also contains the delicate
1 nicies of phosphate of potash which.
Coined with albumen, is used by na-
:o make the gray matter that must
. m the cells of the brain and the
. crve centers throughout the body, in
order to give strength and ability to
ftand long and continuous work. Both
the Postum Food Coffee and Grape-
JCuts are sold by all first-class grocers.
ADVERTISEMENTS. [ vv^~-~~~~- ¦—
i[^_ t _^ tt - nTia *nffpripy wltr^ stomach trou—
¦ <*S5^ \ *«5r* / ¦*•*¦ entitled ""Winter
VT 1 "/I *£sv Catarrh," I dts-
\1A in» M tv 1 ±xr vMVHji /bSIk covered that Pe-
JVlAdUK M. W. LANG. ife- runa W " *° 0<l
Major M. W. Lang. Assistant Paymaster U. S. V.. of 1S02 S street. N. W.. Wash- *C#l\f^i^Pt' fer iHVd^taken
ington. D. C.. says the following in regard to Peruna: *^]fli&*f-* only three bottle*
'.'/ have used Peruna for nervous dyspepsia for the last three weeks. Mr. eu Lefevre Jr. cured er o? a the^a-
/ can cordially recommend it to any one suffering from a similar complaint; ' ; ' JverTbody
especially do I feel pleased to speak a good word for it in this particular, troubled with catarrh to take Dr. Hart-
, r J , ¦ r . .. .~ ¦¦_..- r . > mans Peruna, as It Is a sure euro Tor ca*
because dyspepsia or indigestion is quite too common a malady among tarrh. _.¦ 1
Americans. It has distinctly benefited me, restoring me to a normal con- -Friends to whom I recommended Pe-
dition of good health when I was utterly incapacitated by a disorder so ru P a t* 11 *"• that J i Is al9 .° for head-
., ¦ ** , , ? *», 7 i' l ..»i»i«*>- >.. * ,.-'.» J acne, dizziness, ana pain In the stomacn.
easily cured by a few doses of really good medicine.
•••- In cases where the Inflammation has
Major Lang's home address Is Wellington, Ohio. ' $ een s0 severe and continued aa to pro-
- • .'..: duce extreme Irritability of the stomach.
-— Charles W. Oohn F ' Carter, 336 Nicholson street tne remedy may be taken In small doses
§C a m p b e 1 1 . Richmond Va_ writes- "I talc« trr«»a_f at fl r»t. diluted in water, but as soon as
??,v«isiS5 "'r sure ¦" »*™£* *«- '« »» ffiiSsnsretf tBffissiiBjrti
for the Phlla- wno ar e suffering with catarrh of the a better way and the cure is much mora
delphla Enqulr- stomach. I have been a sufferer for six rapid.
- er. speaks of years, and had seven or eight of the best _ ¦.-"/- . ,. .
Peruna - In the doctors here. They pronounced It dyspep- Peruna IS also a spring medlCina
Mr CampTeii fjf- Th « la «one 1 had told me what waa which at once removes the cause of
says: "I have the matter with me. , .
used Peruna -\\ v °" affections peculiar to the spring
fndilesUon 11 Snd " x J"" 0 . 1 ? to you and commenced on yJur season f, y purifying the blood of all
ifiir thBiMpnf wonderful medicine, Peruna. and after , J \ J *
' one bottle 1 find taking eight bottles I consider myself a contamination and invigorating the
that It is all well man. I told several friends ataout It. «i#*r/. m
vou claim fo{ and all of them feel better since taking It. I *" ( "° */* 4OH/ *
C. W. Campbell. JonicVnd-I take * was down two or tnree montha . a £ a For a free book 'on catarrh address Th«
: ' ~ pleasure in rec- time « unable to do anything; haven't had Peruna Medicine Company. Columbus,
ommendlng It to fellow suffererg." a spell Blnce taking your medicine. Ohio.-STOCKTON*, May 19. — To-morrow ends
the convention, although the work was
practically closed to-night. While the
attendance has not been as large as was
anticipated, the spirit of the gathering
has been such as to cause all to feel that
greater. success could hardly have been
asked. Endeavorlsm throughout the
State will be quickened and inspired to
the work done.
Actual Business of the Convention Is
Over and the Sabbath Will' Be
Devoted to Religious Exercises.
ENDEAVORERS ELECT
NEW STATE OFFICERS
"Furthermore. John Henry H»eker."
paid Mrs. Meeker, who was standing in
front of the mirror and putting the finish
ing touches to her toilet. "I want you to
take notice that I am perfectly capable or
getting ready for church without anv
prompting from you, and you can coush
and look at your watch as much as you
n'ease— it won't hurry me a sincle second.
Do vou clearly understand that?"
"Yes, my dear," mildly replied Mr
Meeker, "though I think I could under
stand it a little better if you didn't have
your mouth quite so full of hairpins."—
Chicago Tribune.
Eis One Suggesticn.
It ia intended to keep the routes !n cnorl
condition for travel, but tlurirg the rainy
season the service -will be suspended, be
cause the roads will then be almost im
passable. It will take onlv four days to
cover the distance between the railroad
and the river. As the railroad advances
the automobile routes will be shortened,
and after tho completion of the rallroa'i
the wagons will be transferred to th«
other side of the Nicer, whlrh will bo
connected by automobile routes with such
Important places as Sikasso. Kong. Say
and other towns In the rich western Sou
dan, where the primitive porterage serv
ice Is still the only means of transport.
It ia said the new transport service will
be much cheaper than human porterage,
and that a great deal of cotton, skins,
gums, honey and other articles that can
not now be transported •will be taken to
European markets when this cheaper
service 13 fairly established.
Senegal and will take their places on tha
routes between the upper and middle
Nlper and the terminus of the railroad.
It is expected to send even,' week from
each end of the line from four to ten of
these wagons, each able to carry about
4500 pounds of freight. One of the wasons
will have accommodations for a dozen
passengers.
TO DEFEND JOHAOTIESBirBQ.
PRETORIA, May 20.— It is officially an
nounced that Johannesburg will be 'de
fended. The consuls of the neutral powd
ers have been advised to look after their
citizens as the Government wul not hold
Itself responsible for injury or damage
to property.
Commandant Botha, commander In
chief of the Boer forces, reports tho
burghers are Joining In great numbers.
Roosevelt Shocked the Professors.
Governor Roosevelt's remarks down at
Tale Included a description of his expe
riences with a Western gambler who
served with distinction with the Rough
Riders.
"When he got his discharge h© came
to me and asked for my personal indorse
ment of it," eaid Teddy. "I was glad to
oblige him, and wrote. 'Smith is a good
and gallant soldier, who has done his
duty in every particular.' 'Thanks, colo
nel,' said Smith. 'You see, my namn ain't
Smith, but Jones. I had a slight difficulty
with a gentleman some time ago and— well
—I killed him. Now, you see, if the Dis
trict Attorney in Cripple Creek under
takes to ctir up tha case, your Indorsement
will set me all right. Thanks, colonel.' "
The professors looked at each other In
silent amazement, but the students Just
howled.— Boston Herald.
"What do you propose to do about this
round robin T'
"1 don't know," answered the military
man. "I suppose- we'll have to square ft
In eom© way. * ¦¦"¦ •- ¦*-¦ ¦
And he became one* more absorbed Jn
Impenetrable thought.— Washington Star.
There Is no vacation in the school of
experience.
"What are the young men doing in the
apartment where the type is assembled T'
Inquired Editor Fheldon of the Topeka
IDaily Capital as the boy reached out for
the last revise.
"Thev are taking up the usual collec
tion, efr."
"Very pood."
Five minutes latrr a grimy-faced urchin
•with a two-quart pall slipped out Into
the alley way. — Cleveland Plain-Dealer.
The Congo Free State 13 Inquiring Into
the advisability of introducing horseless
wagons to carry freight In thickly settled
regions where white settlements have
been built and the water courses are not
navigable. Tho French have already
taken the initiative in sending automo
biles to Africa for transport purposes, and
though the value of their experiment re
mains to be proven, the Congo Free State
will probably follow their example.
The French now have a line of stations
along the upper and middle Niger.
Freight for these stations is carried on
small steamers up the Senegal to the head
of navigation at Kayes. It Is then trans
shipped to the railroad, which is. com
pleted as far as Badunbe, about forty
miles, and from that point porters carry
it to the Niger, and are about two weeks
on the journey. The growing Importance
of these inland stations makes this slow
freight service really embarrassing, and
as the railroad will not be completed to
the Niger for several years the distin
guished French explorer, Felix Dubols,
conceived the idea of utilizing automo
biles.
Fifty-five wagons, each of nine or ten
horsepower with a maximum speed of
eight miles an hour, have been specially
built in Paris for this service In inland
Africa. The utmost attention has been
piven to details of construction, and they
have been as fully adapted to the peculiar
conditions of the service as Is possible at
present. They are now being sent to
Freight Carrier.
duced in the Interior as a
The Horseless Wagon Is Being Intro-
ATJTOMOBrLES HT AFRICA.
"Practical Dlsclpleshlp" was discussed.
Short talks were made as follows: "The
Coffee Club." Miss Belle Sumner Angler,
corresponding secretary Southern Califor
nia Association; "Home Work for Foreign
Missions." Mrs. E. R. Waener of San
Jose: "Gospel Missions." Miss Nettle C.
Smalley, evangelist and missionary. Pa
cific Grove.
W. G. Puddefoote of Falmouth, Mass.,
traveling secretary of the Congregational
Home Missionary Society, captured the
audience with a humorous talk on "Home
Missionary Work." The business session
followed, when the officers were elected
and the place of meeting for the next ses
sion was chosen. The morning session was
closed at noon with prayer and benedic
tion.
This afternoon Mrs. Edholm of San
Francisco, vice president of the America
Purity League, delivered an address on
"The Anti-Cigarette League."
Song and Praise Services.
Miss Belle Nason. State Junior president,
presided over a song and praise service
conducted by Master Howard Hall, presi
dent of the Alameda County Union. The
Stockton junior orchestra and choir cave
selections, and Miss Rosemary Ryland,
junior president of Stockton, showed
methods and results of junior work. Spe
cial music followed, after which Rev. J. F.
Culver of Pasadena, superintendent of
Junior work for Southern California, de
livered an address on "Leadership — a Ne
cessity to Progress."
The Roberts sisters of Oakland sang,
after which Rev. W. H. G. Temple of
Seattle spoke on "Junior Work as a Vital
Force in the Church."
After adpournment at 3:35 p. m. a con
ference of junior and intermediate super
intendents followed In the Presbyterian
church.
John C. Suhr of Oakland led the praise
fervlco i this evening, and Rev. A. W.
Rider of Oakland conducted the devotional
exercises. Rev. W. S. Hoskinson of the
Sacramento Lutheran churcn spoke on
"On the Century's Threshold." "Knowl
edge Through Duty" was the title of Rev.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR CONVENTION IN SESSION AND TWO OF
THE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS ELECTED.
Q-»— $>—?—$>—»— 3>-»—t>- ? $ ? <S>— ?- 3>— +-&-*- <
ton 1900 committee, the next in line. He.
however, was found to be ineligible, as
he was not a member of the State execu
tive committee, and Mr. Warren was per
suaded to accept the office. His name
was therefore presented ! by the nom
inating committee and his election was
unanimous. The election resulted as fol
lows:
President, J. M. "Warren of Santa
Barbara: statistical secretary (a new
office created by the convention), R. R.
Patterson of San Francisco; publisher of
the Pacific Christian- Endeavorer, General
Secretary E. C. Gilbert of San Francisco;
treasurer, A. F. Atkinson of Sacramento;
first vice president. J. M. Bonner of
Stockton; second vice president. Miss
Jessie Flook of Los Angeles; third vice
president. Miss Helen Hart of Ferndale,
Humboldt County; superintendent of In
termediate work, W. G. Alexander of San
Jose; superintendent of junior work.
Miss Belle P. Nason of San Diego.
Santa Ana was selecteu as the place for
holding the next meeting without opposi
tion.
Papers and Discussions.
At the First Presbyterian Church this
morning E. H. Baker of San Francisco
led the "quiet hour" devotions. Bible
Btudy followed, conducted by J. It. Good
ell of the Petaluma Congregational
church. At 8:43 an adjournment to the
pavilion was taken, where a prayer and
g raise service was held at 9 o'clock. Dr.
ara E. Wise of the San Francisco Bap
tist church leading. "Essentials of Disci
pleship" was then discussed, and ad
dresses were made as follows:
"Value of Communion With God," Rev.
Arthur Hicks of the Livermore Presbyte
rian church; "Value of Bible Study." Rev.
R. R. Lloyd, professor of New Testament
Greek, Pacific Theological Seminary;
"Value of Generosity,", Rev. George E.
Dye of the Willows Baptist church;
"Value of Love/' Rev. F. H. Maar of the
Redwood City Congregational church.
A hymn was then sung, after which
One thousand copies of the Injunction
have been printed. Each person named
In it will be served with a copy by United
States Marshal Bohle. The Marshal Bald
he anticipated no trouble in serving the
papers. No additional Deputy Marshals
will be sworn in. If it is demonstrated
that the present deputies in St. Louis are
unable to handle the situation a demand
•will be made upon the Government for
Federal troops.
The conduct of the strike to-day was in
marked contrast to that of yesterday,
there being no rioting and nobody was
injured during the day. This was per
haps due to the fact that the company
made no efforts to run cars during the
afternoon, having been advised to refrain
from doing so by Chief of Police Camp
bell. The union men who indorse the
strike and are in favor of a sympathetic
strike decided to hold a parade late in the
afternoon and Chief of Police Campbell,
being fearful of trouble if the cars and
the parade should happen to collide, re
quested the company to keep its cars in
the barns.
The parade was a success in point of
numbers and enthusiasm, about 7000 being
in line. Banners and transparencies car
rying mottoes indorsing the strike and
pronouncing In favor of a sympathetic
movement were numerous throughout the
column, which marched through many of
the downtown streets between 4 and 6
o'clock. There waa not the slightest evi
dence of disorder. No policemen were In
the parade and none were needed.
They were offered by Chief of Police
Campbell, but declined by the leaders of
the parade, who said the only use they
had for officers was to have the policemen
keep the non-union men from shooting
them. The parade showed a most enthu-
Elaetio spirit, the marchers shouting and
cheering as they tramped along. The
crowd along the line of march was small
and undemonstrative. The first division
of the parade- was composed of the street
railway men. about 3600 being In line.
The contemplated call for the sympa
thetic strike will not be Issued, in any
event, before Monday, and possibly not
then. The matter of going on a sympa
thetic strike has been referred back to
the unions Individually. They commenced
voting on the proposition to-night and will
have th» matter under consideration un
til Monday night, when the executive
committee will take action on the reports
submitted to it by the various unions.
Opinion Is divided as to what will be
done.
ST. LOUIS, May 19.— For one week at
least the striking employes of the St.
Louis Transit Company will be face to
face with Federal authority, which, speak
ing to-day through Judge Elmer B. Ad
ams of the United States Circuit Court, in
tha form of an Injunction, has command
ed them to abstain from interfering in
any manner with the running of mail cars
on the various street car lines owned by
the Transit Company. The writ of injunc
tion, issued at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon
by Judge Adams. Is sweeping in its na
ture and la made returnable May 26. It
commands the strikers to refrain from
doing anything whatever that will delay
or obstruct the operating of mall cars or
of the gathering or distribution of the
malls. Everything prayed for in the peti
tion for an injunction presented last Sat
urday evening to Judge Adams by United
States District Attorney Rosier was grant
ed. The only point not covered, in the in
junction which the company could possi
bly have asked is that the strikers be en
joined from all interference with tho run
ning of passenger cars.
President W. D. Mahon of the Amalga
mated Association of Street Railway Ern
ploves said to-day, after being informed
of the issuance of the injunction, that the
strikers had violated no law and had no
Intention of bo doing.
"We know what the laws are," he said,
"and it needed no injunction to tell us
what to do or what not to do. We have
done nothing wrong and we have a right
to strike If we bo desire. I don't believe
that we will make trouble for the Gov
ernment."
Various Unions Considering the Prop
osition Recently Referred to
Them of Going Out on a
Sympathetic Strike.
Si Louis Railway Com
pany Secures Decided
Advantage.
INJUNCTION IS
ISSUED AGAINST
THE STRIKERS
"I then went down Into the cellar and
threw a carpet over my wife. Then I put
some dresses over the other bodies, locked
up the house and left I walked three
miles to Tremont and took a train, ar
riving here Thursday morning.'*
"Then I went back Into the bedroom
where the baby was lying— only six
months old. I fired and hit her, but she
moved. I did not want her to suffer, of
course, and fired three times. Then It was
all over.
"The eldest boy came in and went into
the bedroom or I took him there. I shot
him — only once— he died right there, never
felt it at all. I called the second boy In
Rnd I sent him for a bucket of water.
When he came in and went to the pantry
I fired again. It did not kill him at once
and I fired again; that killed him.
"I followed her down and as she looked
at me I fired, i Just one shot. She did not
know anything about It. She was dead.
I phot her in the head.
The Deseret News publishes a long In
terview with the man, in which it Is
claimed he said:
"On Sunday, May 13, my wife went to
church with the children and I was left
alone in the house. Between 4 and 5
o'clock in the afternoon they returned
and my wife commenced making prepara
tions for supper. The boys were out in
the yard and she ' went down cellar for
something.
The letter closes as follows: "I am a
murderer of Illinois from Morton, Tazwell
County. Wire to my father, Ben Moser,
Tazwell County, 111., that the body of
there son Sam was found. I did not spose
that they want to se me any more."
"I knows I deserves the rope, but as a
good many people know me in Tazwell
County I think most people could make
out what caused me to bring such dark
and mournful day3 to their especially
friends. If you do not feel to publish,
send it to my father, B. Moser, Blooming
ton, 111."
The letter to the Peoria Herald Bays:
An oificer went to his room and found
two letters In stamped envelopes, one ad
dressed to the police and another to the
editor of the Peoria Herald. The first
letter is of a rambling, indefinite nature,
in which he indicates that his trouble
was the result of the people of his' home.
SALT LAKE, Utah. May 19.— A man
giving his name as Samuel Moser was
taken into custody by* the police this
morning after having made an unsuccess
ful attempt to commit suicide. It is said
the man made a brief statement to the
officers that be had committed murder
and came here to end his life. According
to his story he had gone to the bridge
across Jordan River and shot himself and
then dropped into the water, but the
wound inflicted was slight and he suc
ceeded in reaching the bank. He then
made his way uptown in a half dazed con
dition and fell down on Second South
street, where the police took him In
charge. In his pocket was found a Blip
of paper giving his name as Sam Moser,
with his Salt Lake address.
Attempted Suicide by Pistol and
Water and When Rescued Told
a Revolting Story of
Crime.
Man Believed to Be Sam
Moser Arrested in
Utah.
CONFESSES TO
MURDER OF WIFE
AND CHILDREN
RIDING FOR LIFE-The Last White Man Out From Mafeking, October
16, 1899.
The day will open for the delegates,
however, at 7 o'clock in the morning,
when they all meet at the Central Metho
dist Church. At 9:30 o'clock the delegates
will hold prayer circles and family wor
ship wherever they may be quartered
about the city, and at 11 o'clock they will
attend church wherever their different de
sires may lead them. To-morrow after
noon at 2:15 o'clock a street song service
will be held on the plaza,. It is to be
conducted by Miss Nettle C. Smalley of
Pacific Grove. Then at 3 o'clock there
will be three simultaneous rallies — one at
the pavilion, conducted by Francis W.
Reid. It will be for men only. There will
be another for young people at the Cen
tral M. E. Church and a third will be
be held at the First Presbyterian Church,
for children and parents. To-morrow
evening there will be a vesper service at
the pavilion at 7 o'clock, which will be
led by George P. Lowell of Oakland. This
is to be followed by a devotional service,
led by the Rev. Arthur C. Dodd. The con
vention chorus will then sing an anthem,
after which the newly elected officers
will be installed with due ceremony.
There will be a consecration service, con
ducted by J. E. Coulthurst, and consist
ing of roll-call and responses by officers
and unions. The hymn, "God Be With
You Till We Meet Again." and the "Mlz
pah" benediction will conclude the con
vention.
On© long round of devotional services
will occupy the delegates to-morrow. All
of the delegates and their friends will
unite in offering praise and thanks for the
most successful convention ever held in
California. There will be preaching In all
the churches to-morrow morning:.
Closing Ceremonies.
The Endeavorers extended a. vote of
thanks to the people of Stockton, the lo
cal committees and the press of the State
for the assistance given to the convention.
After the adjournment ex-State Secre
tary F. W. Reid was presented with a
handsome badge in recognition of hi3 ser
vices, and a veterans' club was formed.
W. H. G. Temple's address. Ex-President
George C. Lowell of the California Union
spoke on "California for Christ," and
th«>re was also special music.
A ca^io of ba?k»»t ball was played be
twwn NVwcaFtl* and Auburn ladles, re
cruiting in victory tor the former. The
lawyers and county officials crossed bats
«.sr.--:r. and th»» disciples of Blackstone car
ried off the honors after one of the most
«xcitinjr gamf-s ever witnessed on the
diamond. The festivities closed
<with a errand ball in finowden's Hall and
the second reunion of old Placerites b«
-romes a memorable event In Placer's his
tory-
The excursionists v.ere met at Sacra
m< iito by 1). W. i.ubeck and on th« ar
ri»ol or the train fl»re the visitors were
a royal welcome and tendered the
irre-dota of the city. Committees had
busied themselves In securing accommo
dations and t«rovidin«r every means for the
comfort and pleasure of e"uesi_s. During
ihe afternoon many of the visitors were
driven to points of Interest, notably
Aeolia Heights, with Its rare foliage, buds
ari'i bi'/ssoms and ripening fruits and pic
turesque views of the towering Sierras
BJtiii American River as it rolls down the
gr<*«?n frinRv-d canyon. Friday evening lit
ers ry exercises befitting 1 the occasion
were held in the opera-house and largely
attended.
To-day the g-od of pleasure relened eu
pr<*?ne at the Auburn Race Track Grove,
¦where fully SSjO people had assembled.
Vnder the cool shade of the oak and pine
groups of pray haired men and women
eat tend retold the etory of the '43 davs
•while the scions of the pioneer path
finder tripped the light fantastic on a
epacioue platform.
AUBURN. May 19.— "With the same
warm hearted hospitality that character
ized the early mining days. Auburn re
ceived her visiting pioneers on the occasion
of the reunion of Placer County Pioneers
held here yesterday and to-day. Nearly
IK) ex-resioents of Placer arrived yester
cla.y afternoon on a. special mr from San
Francisco and people from all parts of
this county ind other sections of the
Slat* swelled the crowd.
ExyctsJ Dispatch to Ta© Call.
Auburn Race
track.
and Outdoor Sports at the
Afternoon Spent in Athletic Games
Veterans of the "Days of
Gold" Meet and Retell
Tales of Adventure.
REUNION OF
THE PIONEERS OF
PLACER COUNTY
THE SAN FRAXC1SCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, lOOO.
The election of a corps of ofllcers for
the ensuing year was the feature of this
morning's session. The nominating com
mittee hold three sessions before arriv
ing at conclusions regarding the names
to be submitted to the convention. State
Treasurer J. M. Warren of Santa Bar
bara was the logical candidate for State
President. He, however, nad said that
he would not accept, which made J. "W.
Ross of this city, chairman of the Stock-
15
*DB. XTLMES'S BT7AMP-EQ0T.
DO YOU GET UP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Kldnej TrouWc Maics Yon Miserable.
Almost everybody who r-ads tha news-
papers Is sure to know of ths wonderful
n ,1 . cures mads by Drl
1 — 7ii--rfir 1 Kilmer's Swamp-Root,
8 V^Ji j the great kidney, liver
Ej lfrfS£;J I— aad bladder remedy.
" U IrSV/ L* Itlsth « gr«t medl-
* [Jl V Sjj cal triumph of ths nlae-
\V_Ll ij(jj»tesnth century: dis-
0>P^W I'll covered after years of
i' r^l ' i wv ™U scientific rssearch by
'ijf r^S^SDr. K!lm;r, ths emt-
II- —UacJ. " Rent kidney and blad-
— •— «-^ e ~- ai^ " der specialist, and ia
wonderfully successful In promptly curing
lams back, kidney, bladdsr, uric acid trou-
bles and Bright's Dissasa, which Is ths worst
form of kidney trouble.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root ts not reo-
ommended for everything but If you havskid-
nsy, liver or bladdsr trouble It will be found
just the remedy you need. It has besn tested
in so many ways, in hospital work, in privata
practice, among the helpless too poor to pur-
chass rclisf and has provsd so successful in
every case that a special arrangement has
been made by which all readers of this paper
who have not already tried It, may hava a
•sampls bcttle sent frss by mall, also a book
telling mors about Swamp-Root and how to
find out if you have kidney or bladder troubla.
When writing mention reading this generous
offer in this paper and f^L^-j
send your address to
Dr. Kilmer & Co.,Bing-
hamton, N. Y. The * Bga^gg|gbgfSEj
regular fifty csnt and Hen* of swnmp-Roo%
dollar sizss ars sold by all good druggists.
DON'T PAT THE FANCY PRICES
FOR
Furniture, Carpets, Etc.
Of the big stores before you inspect
cur LITTLE AT THE TIME PAY-
MENT PRICES.
Estimate* given ca complete houa«
furnishing.
FREE DELIVERY WITHIN 100 MILE3
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Ereninss. NEAR POWELL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
jl WPJERCES
\ Favjorite
Prescription
" I sun so grateful to you for your ad-
•vioe," cays Mrs. Sidney B. Oakee. of
Whitmell, Pittsyhrania Co., Va. " Wlien
I commenced your medicines I had been
treated by different doctors for three
months or more, but would only receive
partial relief for a short while and then
•vrould be worse than before. « Was con-
fined to my bed most of the time. At
the time I commenced your treatment
my left side was completely paralyzed.
Had no desire to eat anything; bowels
costive all the time. Nerves were all
unstrung, so I could not bear the least
noise. I also suffered from diseased
ovaries and female weakness. But thanks
to my Maker and you, after following :
your advice, I am able to do aU my wash-
ing, sewing and house work in generaL
I haven't had a spasm in two months.
Left oil medicines about one month
ego. Didn't think it necessary to con-
tinue them longer. I have taken about
seven bottles of Dr. Pierce's Favorite
Prescription, seven of the 'Golden
Medical -Discovery/ and two vials of
* pleasant Pellets.' I heartily recommend
thorse medicines to all suffering as I was."
H makes I
weak women
STRONG,
sick women
WELL. I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE 273 18
PARIS.
When In Paris telephone otir hons«, 32
Rue Etlenne-Marcel, and they will B«nd to
your hotel or tell you tho nearest druggist
¦who keeps Humphreys' Specifics. Nearly
all dealers have a supply of "7T* for Grip
and Colds. Specific "4" for Diarrhea, very
important when traveling:.
Speciflo "1" for 3Tevers, Congestion.
Spedflo '10" .for Dyspepsia, Indigestion.
Specific "15" for Rheumatism. [
Specific -**16" for Malaria.
Specific "26" for Sea Sickness.
Specific "27" for Kidney and Bladder..
Manual of all diseases, especially about
children, sent free. '
For sale by all druggists, or sent on re-
ceipt of price, 25c each. Humphreys'
Homeopathic Medicine Co., Cor. "William
and John Bts». N. Y.
x^rcHHrof SSS^v Means much to. a person, because when a doctor measures the pulse of his patient he q
• tells thereby the heart's action. S
'^^^^^^^^^) Is your heart sound and well ? Does your heart flutter? Does your heart pulsate n
regularly? Are you subject to hysterical heart beats? If you have noticed any of these g
\^|g$lpi ||\ symptoms, It Is well for you to begin using something that Is going to correct the |
II • HUDYAN Is what you need. HUDYANwIll cure you of your heart trouble, g
/ jS^^Ml 111 unless It1s an organic heart trouble and beyond cure. No one can put a new heart into a
fe^P^llijfM your body, but the remedial agent — HUDYAN — will cure any functional derange- »
, p^^&l 1 \1 \ ment °f tne near *- The following symptoms lead up to dangerous heart troubles: g
/? PaJn In the left side, Fig. 7; pain In the small of the back, Fig. 1; dizzy spells, a
(I /^^^^(IJiPlJ headaches and giddiness, Fig. 6; hollow eyes, haggard look, Fig. 5; difficulty in breathing g
¦ A II^^^»llcS and °PP ressed feeling In the chest, Fig. 3; coated tongue. Fig. 4; and pains in the stomach, g
H \ /JlljiSJBB ilv?r Fig " 2 " A £ ain « wenave Nervousness. Paleness. Emaciation, all these being complications a
' M^^^^S^l to which women are subject and complications which may indicate dangerous heart disease. |
f //MW^^^^^m \ WOMEN, you who suffer with dragging or bearing down pains, painful periods. §
yf/J^s^W^^^^aP- Irregular menses, profuse or scanty flow, falling of womb, chronic ulceration or Inflam- g
/ /^wl Im^mRPl^ ' niatlon of uterus and appendages, or leucorrhoea (whites), you are In danger. Hearts
y^^^^^^^mt l$$k trouble Is nearly always a complication of such disorders. HUDYAN cures all these b
«->^^^^®V\^^Pfw^^ s weaknesses, that are peculiar to women, thus averting, as v/ell as curing, dangerous §
'^^^^§%M^mm^^^ heart disease. HUDYAN brings comfort to suffering women. g
W^^^i)^^^^^^^^ Get HUDYAN from your druggist— 50c a package, 6 packages $2.50. If you g
*^®^%i^^ cannot procure HUDYAN from your druggist, ssnd direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY |
COMPANY, Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets, San Francisco, Cal. u
Women are advised as well as men. The doctors of the HUDYAN REMEDY |
. COMPANY may be consulted for nothing. Write to them— call on them. p
IBMBHHBBUHllBaBHflMIHMWBHUaHHaUMBBHBK^OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
WOODLAND, May 19.— Clyde Orlce. a
7-year-old boy, "was drowned at Knights'
Landing this evening. He was alone In t>.
skiff, which - upset. The body has beer,
recovered.
Boy Drowned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Home for Indigent Actors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK. May 13.— The Herald re
ceived the following from Gottlob. Marks
& Co. of San Francisco:
"We heartily accorded with the good
•work proposed by the actors' fund. Please
enter our subscription as $250."
The proposition Is to build a home faera
for aged nnd Indigent actors.
RIO JANEIRO. May 19.— President
Campossalles has invited Rear Admiral
Schley and other officers of the South
Atlantic squadron to attend an entertain
ment to-morrow. As Rear Admiral Schley
Is ill with Influenza the entertainment
probably will be postponed.
It is reported that there are several
cases of plague among the Inmates of
Mlsericordla Hospital.
The Government is engaged In study
ing commercial treaties, especially wltli
the United States and Argentine.
Publishing Company.
Special Cable to The Call and New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1900. by the Herald
Unable to Attend an Entertainment
at Argentina's Capital.
SCHIjEY TTAR THE GBIP.
Over this report unexpcctedl}^ developed j
one of the most Interesting debates of the j
conference, involving the question of the
life leiiure cf bishops. Governor fcshaw ;
cpoke in favor of limiting the" terms ot ,
rnittionary bishops to tight years. Dr. T.
K. Neeley of Philadelphia, in one of the
most impassioned ppeeches so far heard !
in the conference, favored the report.
"This will be a historical day in this
conference." lie said. He favored having
the ijisliops staying on the field, and pro
tested against the idea of life tenure in
the episcopacy. "I believe every Bishop
licre Is subject to the command of the
conference when in session," continued
lir. Neeley. "1 may never have another
opportunity to express myself on this
Vubject, and I do so now. It Is not a
third order. A Bishop who docs not ti?at
his brethren as brethren is an autocrat.
H sometimes is necessary to remove a
man, and the couterence has absolute
power to do so for malfeasance, unfeas
iir.ee or no feasance at all."
Dr. Net-ley's speech was taken as a pro
test against the excessive reverence for
the episcopacy, and when the Philadel
phia divine finally sat down he was greet
ed with prolonged applause.
Dr. Hiram Lov.ry of North China made
a plea for a general superintendent for
that country, with an Episcopal residence
there, instead of a missionary Bishop.
Dr. J. F. Thompson of South America
followed in the same line. Said he:
"This is the second time that my an
nual conference has commanded me to ask
the pxnerai conference not to inflict upon
us what v.-e consider a calamity — a mis
sionary bishop."
MaPhoycshl Takaki of Tokio also op
nosed the sending of another missionary
bishop to Eastern Asia,
Pending action upon the motion to re
commit, the tenth ballot was announced
as follows: J. F. Berry. 337; H. 6pell-
The rules were then suspended to hear
the report of the committee on episco
j,hcj presented by Dr. .Buckley on the
question of retaining the title of "Miesion
juy Bibhuijs," favoring the ratification. Ii
v. as adopted. 'U:e committee also report
ed in favor of another missionary Bishop
of Kastern As;a, his work to embrace
Ubina., Japan and Korea. This report was
uccompu.nied by a written communication
to the con:mittee from the board of bish
ops favoring the election otl an additional
missionary Bibhoji lor thai part of the
world.
When the conference proceeded to cast
the tenth ballot rumors were thick of com
binations between leading candidates for
the episcopacy, and the belief was general
tbMt at ieasi one iiisiiop would be tlected
lriEide of two or three more ballots.
CHICAGO. May 19.— Soon after the
Methodist General Conference assembled
to-day the result of the ninth ballot for
bishops was announced as follows:
J. F. Berry 2^7. H. Spellmeyer 345. D. H.
Moore 1*3. J. W. Hamilton 25$, T. K. Nee
ley 39. C. J. Little 15. Others from 1 to 7
votes. Necessary to a choice 4oO.
Surprise vaa caused in the falling off
la Dr. Sjjelimeyer's vote, which again put
fcim in second place in the balloting.
Excessive Keverence to
the Episcopacy.
Dr. T. R. Neeley of Philadelphia
Makes an Address Against
Twelve Ballots Are Taken
and ihe Deadlock Is
Unbroken.
NO BISHOPS
YET CHOSEN BY
METHODISTS
ST. LOUIS, May 19.— At the third day's
session of the Presbyterian General As
sembly to-day reports on relief for dis
abled ministers and the widows and or
phans of deceased ministers, and also on
the method of appointing standing com
mittees of the assembly, otherwise known
as the "I'eoria Overture," were continued.
A report on ministerial relief was pre
sented by Elder Louis H. Severance of
Cleveland, O.. who showed that the con
tributions of the church had neither kept
pace with the advance of the church nor
with the advance of the roll of annul- 1
tants. He declared that the churches
should very largely increase their usual
contributions to the church. Twenty-five
thousand dollars more was called for in I
contributions this year than was paid
last year, to make the appropriations that
will be required by the various presby
teries.
Rev. Benjamin A. Agnew, D. D., secre
tary of the board of ministerial relief,
made an eloquent plea on behalf of the
ministerial relief fund. He gave a long
array of statistics, showing that the i
board had on the roll to-day one minis
ter's family to every eight ministers, on
the roll of the General Assembly. In
1SC0 the board had only one minister's
family on the roll to every eighty-seven
ministers in the assembly.
Rev. Wallace Kadcllfte, D. D., of Wash
ington, D. C, was the lirst champion of
the Peoria overture, which provides that
the moderator shall, upon the organiza
tion of the assembly, appoint a committee
of ministers and elders to aid him to th.j
appointment of a standing committee,
said committee to be composed of twenty
one commissioners from different parts
of the country, not more than two from
any one synod. .
Before Dr. Radcliffe concluded his ad
dress a call was made for adjournment
until Monday morning, and the time for
further consideration of the method of
appointment of standing committees jf
the assembly was fixed for next Thurs
day.
Many commissioners attended a steam
boat excursion this afternoon despite th«
rain.
A popular meeting' was held in the
Compton-avenue church this -e-'enlner and
live-minute addresses were delivered on
the subject, "Aid for Colleges and Acade
mies." . •
Report at the Presbyterian Assembly
Shows That Contributions to the
Church Have Not Kept Pace
"With. Its Growth.
Disabled Divines, Widows
. and Orphans Included
as Beneficiaries. '
MAY ESTABLISH
A FUND TO AID
THE MINISTERS
Discussion on the subject of itineracy,
which was presented yesterday, was then
resumed. Frank A. Arter of the Kast
Ohio Conference spoke in support of the
majority report, favoring unconditional
abolition of the time limit.
The eleventh ballot was announced as
follows": J. F. Berry. 310; J. W. Hamilton.
881: D. H. Moore. 255; H. Spellmeyer, 239;
T. R. Neeley, 193; E. J. Little, 19; others
1 to 9 votes.
Dr. Neeley'e eloquent speech had ap
parently der-ply moved the conference,
and the* twelfth ballot, which followed im
mediately, was taken amid considerable
confusion.
Dr. J. A. Day of Syracuse University
then took the platform in support of the
majority report of the committee on itin
eracy. "Dr. George B. Bridgeman, presi
dent* of Hamline University, and Gover
nor Shaw also spoke in favor of the ma
jority report. Debate was continued until
after 1 o'clock, when the twelfth ballot
was announced as follows: J. F. Berry,
296; J. W. Hamilton, 272; T. R. Neeley. 235;
D. II. Moore. 234; H. Spellmeyer, 181; J.
R. Day, 23; E. J. T.ittlo. 22.
meyer. 298; D. H. Moore. 2SS: J. W. Ham
ilton. 2S7; T. R. Neeley. 57; E. J. Little, 16;
others from 1 to 9 each.
The eleventh ballot was then taken.
POINT REYES. May 19.— The steamer
San Pedro, bound for Cape Nome, put in
here to-day and left the body of John H.
Jones, a passenger, who had leaped to hi3
death from the steamer's deck a few miles
outside the heads and which was recovered
by the ship's crew. The body was left in
charge of C. J. Bease, foreman of the Ab
bptt ranch at Olema. by Captain Jamison
of the San Pedro. Bease notifled Coroner
Eden of San Rafael of the recovery of the
body, and to-morrow the Coroner will
take it to San Rafael, where an inquest
will be held.
Mystery shrouds the self-inflicted death
of Jones. He was up to a few days ago
a blacksmith at Xovato. in this county,
and was thought to be a prosperous, well
to-do man. Shortly before the sailing of
the San Pedro Jones left Novato without
giving an inkling to any one there of his
intentions. The blacksmith shop remained
closed, and whatever motive urged Jones
to leave Novato the thought must have
come suddenly to him, for no negotiations
were made by him for the sale of his
property, and everything in the shop
stands as he left it the morning he mys
teriously disappeared. Eight hundred dol
lars was found on the corpse, which was
well dressed, and this bears out the story
of his Novato friends, who assert that
Jones had saved plenty of money.
When seen in regard to the suicide's
identity Mr. Scott, a merchant of Novato,
had no hesitation in declaring him to be
his late fellow citizen. Scott says that al
though Jones had a wife and child in Wis
consin, he was on familiar terms with a
young woman, a stranger In the town,
who accompanied him when he left the
place. From what can be learned It looks
as though Jones' death must be added to
the long list of bay mysteries. He was in
good health, with plenty of money, bound
for Cape Nome and buoyed up by dreams
of fortune. Coroner Eden and Mr. Scott
think the young woman might be able to
throw light on the case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Was Formerly a Prosperous Slack
smith at Uovato— A Mysteri
ous Young Woman Figures
in the Case.
John H. Jones Springs Prom
the Deck of the San
Pedro.
SUICIDE OF A
PASSENGER FOR
GOLD FIELDS
SPOKANE, May 19.— At the Democratic
State Convention to-day the following del
egates were elected to the National con
vention: J. M. Jamison, Spokane; W. H.
Dunphy, Walla Walla- i. D. Medill. North
Yaklrna: O. G. Ellis, Tacoma; Dr. W. A.
Mosler; Tekoa: J. W. Godwin. Seattle;
Thomas Maloney, Olympla, and D. D.
Fagen, Whatcom. Bryan was indorsed for
President and James Hamilton Lewis for
Vice President.
"Washington Democrats Meet.
"WALLACE, Idaho, May 19.— The Dem
ocratic County Convention split to-day
over the temporary organization and over
half of the delegates walked out. Those
remaining elected delegates to the State
conventions at Lewlston and Pocatello.
A resolution passed denounces "the in
famous permit system which denies to
workingmen their inherent right and
manhood before being permitted to seek
employment and which deprives innocent
men who have families to support the
right to labor for their maintenance."
The bolters formed a separate conven
tion, elected delegates and adopted a
resolution commending Governor Steun
enberg for his course in the Coeur d'Alene
strike. .' - ' -¦ : -'-^ :
Wallace, Idaho, Loses Over
"Half Its Attendance.
County Organization, Meeting at
DEMOCRATIC DELEGATES
BOLT THE CONVENTION
The outcome of the election will affect
San Jose materially. Business men and
large property owners are hustling votes
for Edwards, declaring his election is
necessary to have a bigger San Jose. Ed
wards' progressiveness is needed, and
thousands of people in San Jose tc-night
are hoping his executive ability and pusl«
will be at the head of the city's affairs for
the coming two years.
The Union Bank failure is another
stumbling block in the gang*3 fight. The
Rea gang's administration of the bank's
affairs has affected over 1000 San Joseans.
Instead of a speedy settlement, Rea, as
pr€*sldent of the bank, has dragged mat
ters along, and in a year and a half its
affairs are no nearer a settlement than
they were the day after the failure. A
small dividend has^ been paid, but Rea
and his friends have stood In the way or
a compromise at 85 cents on the dollar
between stockholders and depositors. - •
Severe condemnation of gang methods
aroused by the treatment of Miss Came
ron at the Palo Alto kidnaping outrage is
going to cost Martin many a vote. It will
be remembered that Rev. Mr. Dinsmore
of the First Presbyterian Church de
nounced the Mayor from the pulpit for not
calling a mass meeting to protest at such
acts. All the principals in the kidnaping—
ex-Di3trict Attorney Herrlngton, Deputy
Constable Tom Harris and Justice Dyer
are gangsters, and they remain in their
places through :he influence of Rea and
others.
Socialists' ticket— Mayor. E. B. Merca
dier; Clerk, O. Knutson; Treasurer, Fred
Hamann; Councilmen — Second Ward, K.
T. Kingsley; Third Ward, J. Peters.
Gang politicians and heelers received a
shock that nearly knocked them off their
feet this afternortn by ex-Boss Rea an
nouncing a trip to El Dorado County.
Coming as it does on the eve of a cam
paign. Rea's followers take it as a sign
of defeat. He announced he would not be
back until after election.
Administration or gang ticket— Mayor,
C. J. Martin; Clerk, J. W. Cook; Treas
urer, T. J. McGeoghegan; Councilman —
Second Ward, J. J. Cherrie; Third. Ward,
D. A. Porter.
Ward, Byron Millard; Third Ward, Tobe
Lord.
SAN JOSE. May 19.— The city campaign
practically closed to-night. Between now
and Monday morning there will be some
quiet work dene, but both sides will take
a rest after three or four days of th©
hardest work ever done in a local elec
tion. The election Monday will call out
a heavy vote, and so well has the cam
paign work been done that but few votes
will be changed on that day.
Mayor Martin has mado the hardest
kind of a fight for re-election. Earnest
workers have aided him, but the taint of
Rea and Mackenzie has driven hundreds
of voters from him. Martin Is gallant il
not a politician. Besides visiting the vari
ous places of employment and leaving
cigars for the men he invariably carried
along a box of candles for the ladies in
the- olace. The campaign has been a
feast* for factory and shop girls, and there
is no doubt if they had a vote Martin
would be re-elected. The big brothers and
fathers of these candy-fed girls, however,
object to the present city administration
and are standing shoulder to shoulder for
Edwards.
The fight made by the citizens' commit
tee of one hundred has been direct and
effective. A. T. Herrmann, the chairman
of the sub-committee, has been at the
head of the work, and to-night he is con
fident that the entire citizens' ticket will
be elected.
The Union Battlefield Veterans, who
take Rea's orders, have entered the cam
paign in the hope of dragging a few old
soldiers into the gang camp. But few
will be fooled by their indorsement of the
gang ticket. These old "vets" are the
ones who caused all the trouble at the
high school two vears ago, which resulted
in the dismissal of Professor Smith and.
the subsequent strike of the students.
Edwards' election is being claimed to
night; and surely he will receive a heavy
vote. The working people are a unit for
him. the churches indorse him, Demo
crats, Republicans and Popul'sts are out
for him, and unless some unforeseen acci
dent occurs the gang ticket will be among
those that "also ran."
There are threp tickets in the field
citizens', administration or gang and so
cialists. The latter will not poll over
three hundred votes. Following are th©
tickets in full: „.,„., '
Citizens' ticket— Mayor. H. J. Edwards;
Clerk. William J. I>ougherty; Treasurer.
William Fischer; Councilmen— Second
Victory and the Reformers Are
Confident That the Battle
Is Already Won.
>
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CLOSING DAY
OF THE CAMPAIGN
AT SAN JOSE
It Is Believed an Unusually
Heavy Vote Will Be
Polled.
Both Sides Have Worked Hard for
"THERE ARE MOMENTS WHEN ONE WANTS TO. BE ALONE; THIS IS ONE OF THEM."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900
GERMANTOWN, May 16.— Of the forty
three successful pupils who were granted
diplomas from the grammar schools j of
Glenn County, Lesley Gutman of German
town, only 12 years old, made an average
of &9& per cent. This is the highest per
centage In the history of Glenn County
made by a pupil graduating from the
grammar schools on questions Drepared
and given by the Board of ¦ Education
Following are the subjects 5 on which
pupils were examined with per cents
made by Lesley: Arithmetic, 99^; orthog
raphy. 100; algebra, 100; grammar, 97^;
American literature, 100; civil government,
100: word analysis, 99; penmanship, 100;
composition, 100. . , ¦
' - ¦ ¦:-. ¦ ¦ •¦ %
A Clever Scholar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. May 19.— A warrant
was Issued to-day for the arrest of J. B.
Costello, leader of the Second Infantry
band, for the embezzlement of J10S of the
band's funds. Costello left here yesterday
morning. It is believed that he intends to
sail for Cape Nome and the police of San
Francisco nave been asked to stop him.
Charged With Embezzlement.
SEATTLE, May 19. — Five hundred peo
ple left for Nome to-day on the steamers
Cleveland and Alliance, which had every
berth sold. The water, front was packed
all day with departing argonauts and
their friends and not even tho rush to the
Klondike of two years ago -exceeded the
Jam of the last week. The Senator, with
600 passengers, will sail for the north to
morrow, and the Oregon, with 600, will
get away in the afternoon. . The Aber
deen, Garonne and Lakme will depart
early in the week.
Bill Destined to Check the Jap
anese Influx.
Special r>ispatch trf The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 19.— The following
pensions have been granted: James R.
McCloud, Tuftin, J6; John J. Nichols, Los
Gates, $S; William Russell, National Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, 56; Thomas
Campbell, Los Ange)es, $6; Edwin E. Dow.
Los Gatos. $S; Hayes C. French. Veterans'
Home, Xapa. $12. Ten years' service—
Michael It. Coleman, San Francisco, $8:
Atticus A. Ladd, Vallejo. $6; John O'Neill,
Oakland, 56. Increase— William J. Wilson.
Ventura, $12; John M. Jolly, Oceanside,
$12; James N. Mason, Patton station. $12;
Frederick Kotze, San Diego, $8; Gilbert
Stewart, Los Angeles. $17. Original wid
ows, etc.— Mary Jones, West Berkeley, $8.
Washington: Original— Noble Allison,
Everett. fS; William H. McClelland, Con
conuHy, Pi; Lewis Rice, Cosmopolis, $8.
Increase — Benjamin C. Lochridge, Buck
ley, $8;' Charles F. Thayer, Soldiers'
Home, Ortlng, $S; George W. Stoufter.
Ccntralla. $8; Abner S. Crawford, North
Yakima, $24.
Oregon: Original — John P. Hamar, Nor
ton, »S; Joseph B. Leatherman, Mount
Taber, $5. Increase— Jacob W. Cheshire,
Foster, $S; Nathan Stidham, Central
Point, $12.
The following Postmasters have been
commissioned: George E. Walker, Pine
Grove; Charles J. Litzsch, Shasta. The
following have been appointed: W. T.
Knox, Grafton, Yolo County, Cal., vice
F. A. Grimes, resigned; J. H. Johannesen,
Seaside, Olatsop County, vice Sherman
Case, relieved.
Representative Kahn has introduced a
bill providing for the designation of ports
of entry for aliens along the boundary
line between the United States and Can
arta, having special reference to checking
the influx of Japanese immigration. The
bill authorizes the Commissioner of Immi
gration to name such ports, which shall
be the sole ports of entry of all aliens not
citizens of Canada or Mexico; and all
aliens who shall enter through other
points along the . boundary line than
points designated shall be deemed to be
here In violation of the law and subject
to deportation. The Commissioner is au
thorized to establish immigrant stations
at these ports of entry. The bill extends
the act of August 18, 1S34, to all aliens not
citizens of Canada or Mexico.
Passengers for Nome.
Representative Kahn Introduces a
16
ADVERTISEMENTS. •__ : ."'.' _' _. ..•*--_'. .'Iv'
-T* I I'llfvTiV w c have ju?t passed through the BANNER WEEK in Foulard MnTMM? ' *&
T? LlktliVUOi gjjj. se nj ng> We do not believe an equal amount of silks was ItU I luhO.
¦4* A few socials for jj • wee k by any store in this city. Brush and Corduroy ;*V
I ea 4" unm B for THE COMING WEEK'we shall increase the sales so" PER skirt Binding.
"£? tailor-made and Eton C£XT EVERY SHORCT ¦ LENGTH accumulated durinR this sea- Hooka "ana" Kyes; 2 /*
* t^phA^i son's enormous selUmr. varying horn 4 %VKf FM W'tt 1^"^*^ £
_t. yar.i. %vil be closed out recardless of cost or value.. Kh.MLMiJUK trie m each piece: all col- {y
* %? e *£'?n&TZ& T ; silks coffer are ALL THTS SEASON'S CHOICEST AND BEST A.
J& in color* of CarW STYLES, which we have divided into THREE LOTS, to be closed st $& ne ,* u Sm£.To £ir *¦
% In^ceri'e New ° reen out at the following marvelously low prices: %
i rt\r , \Lnc LOT ll; n^r lot ni. f
* LOI I. ifHWW Bfeffi»SlS»SS I I* 24-lnch heavy twilled *[
* VV Yard ,? rf .^ t £-SS?«.?S3: 1 V I Yard I I Yard SSSSffi^ffigS f
I BLACK TAFFETA SILK AT SPECIAL PRICES. *
-£ Th P 75c prade, lf-li-inch. rich and lustrous Bkick §J C j Th \.f» ff W.*™ d ?; .^f. 1 ?:.^"" a fA.?!!^...' < .? < yart 85C tf
* A "GREAT "-OFFERING 'IN LACES. t
*& we announce for this we«>k a LACE SALE that will prove of INCALCULABLE ,,.„.,„ -
-S* 9PP1 Y'RT^ INTFREST to lovers of pretty laces. A MANUFACTURER'S SURPLUS STOCK, fQR fflvNUAT. *§*
if !«««; Z « about 3000 pieces in all. imported for this jeason, at a enving of 50 per cent. Every EO c Ladles'
4* Ta-4a k iffii'r! l'ioce is dainty tnd prrtty. MOST PROMINENT, you will find exquisite styles of Muslin Drawers *?
£ nSninantho POINT DC PARIS. NORMANDIE anC FRENCH VALENCIENNES LACES. In g^JjJSnS £
"2* pretty colons. Edrfnes Insertions and All Overs to match: just the kind so much in demand w jth an extra
?•, £lc fo-^the trimminK of waists; voices and Bummer cresses. wide hemstitched >*»
*f ,-T^ * The ENTIRE PURCHASE wiil be ready for you to select from to-morrow mine. Snerlal at ;•
«£j morning, "and come prepared to receive the greatest Lace bargains of the year 27c pair
«|> IB00 y.,ras Kd^: pretty p.t- (^ j C^f^1/^^%""^" 39C j 2^ P^|? f^^.^f" 0 !?" 1 :?! dSS« 15C £ !
*^ u-ld-. BpecUl ll ** ! 300 yards beautiful effect all-over »7Q/- Special Dozen w
St EXTRA SPECIAL FOP, MQNDAY— 1500 YARDS EXQUISITE EM3R9IDE % 5 TO 9 INCHES WIDE, AT 12c YARD, WORTH 20c, *
* Extraordinary Dress Goods Values. \ Children's Tan Hose AN UNSURPASSED OFFER-
A ThU ofTer is of exti«mely exoo r t!or.al lm- I 14c instead Of 25c. wearins CoUon OlIinT lift IOTO *t
| v0 Bkm TS Z \ £S 3 Ek SHIRT WAISTS
?! CheVJCt Serges Wool Cheviot j bat on sale Monday only; sizes 6 to 9. -jp CAPU *2»
f 44c yard, worth 75c. £^ s qu a« \ Q|l V MnRFFN PETTIGQATS ' 0U CAU "'
Jfe. 4 irrhr. Wdc; already rrxoged and Fhrunk. i OlLN lYiUnttli FLIIiUUMIO WORTH $1 BO . **
& In th^ BpecUl colorings: Tan. Brown. PQ AC ' * -*
Nav^ Gre.n Oobeiin. Cray and Ulack.^ CO.H-Ji . T never Eaw stIch a watst at inch a TST
*T f-l*cial at 44c jdrd. | REGULAU PRICE .54.5O. price, but we propose to crowd our Waist
«J* Black Alpacas those lustrous iron- ] I^^t Monday we advertised a sale of Petti- Department tHwm^ SSSmS'-BtoS.
I Kx ssjsi^^sHSs ISag±5asw«±asatfKa p^^st^iTU^i *
*^ Tnd of fhem fc^cial at «:{o yard. Eluc. Purple, Lavender. Cyrano and Black. On special sale at .5c each.
* REP^IARKABLE WASH GOODS SALE AT ONE-HALF. J
«* We wi'l Inausurate to-morrow a MOST SENSATIONAL Wa.«h Goods Sale. There will be no disappointments; we can promise
& r ° U Sel^S wholesa,e hou.e, turned over to us ,ts entire stock of Wash Good, repre- tfr
»• *cntine " .• vifecs of this reason's choicest f tyks and weaves, which we have closed out at Just one half their original selling price A
lT"Srai.i Ity TSuSmMwcw and dainty charm all are boyon-.i p.ll doubt. Trices do not bejin to represent the actual value of the tT
£ c"odV on palV. The' limited epace permits us to give only a meager mention of a few of the many items on sale:
ZL A /f\C ii,,i r! , s «;hfr»inir<! in nrettv brisrht. KB Belfast Dimities in almost endless vari- £)>
-£ 1 I I v A char^fns c. o "f^arran?/d fast wlf« I I) yard oty of pr^ ttj ; dpsi f» s - P lent > r of bl " es - T
I; JL\J Yard S^ttevcrsola for less than 20c yd. JL V/ lartt pinks and lavenders, a very sheer
Eepnlar Pries 20s. Regular Pries 15o. fabric. On sale at 10c a yard.
•% A QC Cnrdpd Piques in many pretty stripes Q^ Oxford Cheviots, the genuine English
r- \ /a v,^ and just the colorings" wanted at prcs- B fk Yard t\ a , nrh for Waists or £!.
7* JL *mi Yard i«t- sell all over at 25c a yd. Sale price, -*- Id - ru Skirts, in beautiful colors and absolute- ;*
Jt Etpalar Pnes 25e. 12c 'yd- ' Re K n ''* r priea 26c '- v fast color : every yard worth 25c.
COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. » 1 *F
•^ nrii — ladies' Lswn
BBBnBBBBBasQBaBHSHBBBEUBBBaBBnnHnnflanBnaa
I Will- Bring Von Health and Happiness. g
I -^f }-Ml\ J*Mr~~~ m I! fHjr ffi^v VVhy let weakness balk your life-purpose? §
¦ Bjffl |! miiiiii"!I!» Stron^ vitality means 8UCCess - 8
g n|p|j4liii!JJak Stand by Nature's laws and live !on£. g
I I llJil^^^ W . hen your v!talit y is lost y° u become aged-worn out. S
H I l@^SLfi/O^SS^«^' ™" «••" -^ "«" '«' :4X '"4^^U%^} »*4^x1 Disease is a robber of good looks. It dries up the tis- 3
5 I* !^^uimtutfi?^^iA-:^^'»L, 0 tem.™mZZ*iP%Ri\ \U\m\ vk]&lG* / sues, wears out the stomach and other organs, brings S
a — -JLt-.____l!^3D^ u-_ '¦^g^ -*33*^ on irritability and crankiness and destroys animation. a
B '//Tnv^ A^afc S=s *s** sS *'^ Whatever your aim, you need vigor to carry it out! \
Q When a man not yet fortylfeeis old, losing his grit, his nerve power, it's time to halt. Weak men, weak women. I can B
B give you back your strength: by my grand Invention and restorative— Dr. McLaughlin's Belt. See --ig 5 *. B
B what I have done for these men: LUMBAGO AND CRAMP. VIGOR RESTORED. £5r^B^ff^B°°rt 8
g My remedy pours Into your sys- 014 Keftrny st ., Snn FrancUco . n« w do«». »ant.c?«!cai. 811115111^ 5
B tem the warm heallngforce of nature. DR M A McLACOHL^ ?-.iS»V d f SSftftfco. S^fe^^R RE£ S
Q It IS a Splendid VltallZer. YOU need , rrrr al rears from lnmbaRo nnd I »n> plenned to state that I have »!UgHPjgJ]igH|X ~
H not Suffer anOtherdaV. ThiSWillCUre m«.cnlar ernmp Jn the leg.. I could fonnd your Clettrlc Belt Treatment IS't^^fflSia^ n
g pur Rheumatism, K&ney Trouble on p^l^^J'ff^pU^i: S^PSZJSSZSZl KSi IW^fMsvk §
S FkT> H/T A IWT^T ATTPIJTT1VT 702 Market Street, Corner Koarny, OFFICE HOURS- BjffiJ[m«Wl\ 2
I DR. m. A. IVlcLAUurnLlJN, ?23s F e r^ n n c <^^^ i^^yi o^^ : \MMMM\ \ S
¦ BBBBBBBBBBBSBBBBaBBBBBBBBBBBflBBBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBaBBHBDBBBBBBaHHBHBBBaaaBIBflBBBBBBlBBBBBiaia
ADVERTISEM-KNTS.
Our
Clearance
Sale
...OF...
IS THE GREATEST SUCCESS
EVER KNOWN IN THE SHOE
BUSINESS.
STOF.E CROWDED FROM MORNING TILL
NIGHT.
THIS WEEK
WE CLOSE OUT WHAT IS LEFT
ON OUR MEN'S BARGAIN
COUNTERS AT
50c, $i and $1.25 a Pair.
Among these bargains are some of
the finest makes in the world. Genuine
French Calf and Patent Leather Hand-
Sewed Shoes, Lace, Button and Con-
gress.. Regular Prices have been $5.00,
$6.00 and $7.00 a pair.
Call early, for these won't last lonjj.
WE DO NOT FILL MAIL OR-
DERS FOR THE ABOVE
SHOES.
.
-
THIS WEEK we will put on sale about
900 pairs of Ladies' Fine Vici Kid
Oxford Ties, Hand-Turn Soles. Coin
Toes. Patent Leather Tips. All siz^s
$1.00 a Pair
Also 1000 pairs of Ladies* Finest Qual-
ity Pari3 Kid Cloth Top Lace Shoe*.
Hand-Turn Soles. Latest Style Coin
Toe, Patent Leather Tips; all sizes:
all widths
$2.50 a Pair
And about 600 pairs of Ladies' Finest
Quality Paris Kid Lace Shoes. Welt-
ed Sewed Soles, Stftched Edsres. Coin
Toe, Patent Leather or Kid Tips: all
sizes; all widths
$2.25 a Pair
SEE OUR BARGAIN COUNTERS.
NEW BARGAINS EVERY MORN-
ING AND AFTERNOON.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
NOLAN BROS.,
812-814 Market Street,
>¦ PHELAN BUILDING.Nearly a Quarter of a Million to
Carry Out "RtI sting
Contracts.
>
"WASHINGTON". May 13—^Jitter a
Bplrited debate the Senate to-day by ,the
decisive vote of S2 to IB laid on the table
the whole proposition relating to tho
transportation of mail by the pneumatlo
tube system. An effort was made to se
cure the adoption of an amendment to
appropriate $225,000 to carry out existing
contracts for the Berries In New York,
Brooklyn, Boston and Philadelphia, but
no action was taken upon It, special or
ders superseding the appropriating bill.
When __e Senate resumed consideration
cf the postofuce appropriation the ques
tion pending was the committee's amend
ment extending the pneumatic tube ser
vice.
Hoar offered a substitute for this
amendment ai follows: "For execution
of existing contracts for transportation
of mail by pneumatic tube and such ex
tension of such service as may be Judged
expedient by the Postmaster General and
may in his Judgment be accomplished at
«. reasonable cost, not exceeding in any
«veat JU.CwO a mile, $750,000."
Sutler of North Carolina tnought the
Oovernment oug-ht to maintain the service
Itself if it were to be maintained at all.
Canery believed Hoar's amendment wa»
xalr and conservative, although there were
circumstance* in connection with the
operation of the service as it existed now
that v.ere suspicious.
Hoar contended that hii amendment
committed the Government to nothing ex
cept to the continuation ot existing con
tracts.
Teller thought if the scheme was really
valuable it ought to be operated by the
Government, but he was inclined to the
belief that the whole proposition ought
to be rejected.
Teller moved that the committee's
amendment and that of Hoar fc« laid on
the table. The motion was agreed to, 22
ti"> 16. as follows:
Ayes — Alhsen. Baker, Bard, Barry. Butler,
Clay, Cockrell, Culbereon, Daniel, Fairbanks,
Fomter, Krye. Harma, Hawley, Jone« of Arkan
e&s, Keaa, Kyle. Morgan, Nelson. Perkins,
JVuigrew. Pettus. Quarlrs. Pawling, Stewart.
Teller, Thurfton. Tlilman. Turley. Turner
\cb\, Wallace — 22.
N^-es— Carter, Chandler, Gallineer. Gear,
Hfanthrough, Hoar, Lodgt, McBride, McComae,
Mjiilury, Mafon. Plan of Connecticut, Proctor,
I: f .-, _ 'Wellington — 16.
1-xidKo offered an amendment appro
r:: »wiig fito.wj to carry out existing con
tracts for pneumatic tube Ben-ice, the
amendment containing* a provision that
thi-re Lhojld be no extension of the ser
vii e until it was authorized by law.
Without action on ihe Lodge amend
ment, ihe postoJlice appropriation bill was
di^iJlact-d by the special order, which was
the ceremonies attending the reception of
the .statues of Thomas 11. Benton and
Francis P. Blair, which have been placed
In the Statuary Hall of the Capitol by
the State of Missouri.
A t-eries of addresses were mad©, begin
r.ir.g with one by Vest, who spoke eulo
trisucaHy and eloquently of both Benton
and Biair. No. event, he said, could go
farther than the presentation of a statue
of Fmneis P. Blair to the National capital
by the Slate of Missouri to emphasize the
fact that the memory of tee war of the
rebellion had been wiped out. Indeed, both
Iienton and Blair had devoted their lives
to the cause of free soil.
Vest's review of Benton's career was an
interesting history of the days of Clay,
Webster and Calhoun. He was. Vest said
not the eQual of Clay as an orator, of
Webster as a lawyer or of Calhoun as an
analytical debater, but he was the supe
rior of ar.y of them as an all-round leg
islator, lie said that but for Blair's in
fluence Missouri would have given her
» .: ; military strength to the South, and
if this had occurred It were possible that
the result of the war might have been dif
ferent.
At the conclusion of the epeeches the
resolutions accepting the 6tatues of Ben
ton and Blair were adopted.
The Senate then proceeded to the con
riierauon of the resolution accepting from
the Grand Army cf the Republic the
etatue of General Grant. By special order
of the Senate two of the galleries of the
Senate had been reserved for members of
the Grand Army of the Kepublic Both
were filled. By further special order the
National officers of the Grand Army of
the Republic were admitted to the floor
of the Senate during the exercises attend
ant upon the consideration of the resolu
tion.
H&r.sbro-jgh presented a concurrent res
olution similar to the one offered earlier
In the day in the House by McCleary, and
It was adopted.
A soldier s tribute to a grreat soldier was
the brief Fpeech of Senator Hawley of
Connecticut. He congratulated his com
rades of the G. A. R. upon the successful
consummation of a great work and said
the noble gift was accepted with eym
pathv and gratitude.
A'tVr a handsome eulogy by Harris,
Turloy delivered a notable address from
the viewpoint of a private soldier in the
rank? of the Confederate army. He said
that the sentiments of the people of the
South had in recent years changed to
ward Grant, and gradually had become
those of cordiality and esteem. He never
<-ould reach, he said, that inner chamber
of the Southern people's hearts. That was
occupied alone by the "immortal L*e."
whom the people of the Southland loved
because he was tho very incarnation of
their cause. Turley said he did not think
of Grant as a commander or as a Presi
dent so much as he.thoupht of him as the
gallant soldier, the friend of I>e<» and the
protector of the private soldier of the
Confederate army, and as such a Boldier
he paid tribute to the memory of Grant.
Turner spoke- of Grant as the "great,
rllent soldier," who lies upon the bank
of the Hudson. As he struck the hardest
blow so was his hand the" first to pour
the beal!ng balm into the wound thus
made He considered him as combining
the qualities of both Moltke and Welling
ton, for he planned with the precision of
the former and carried forward hia plans
•with the tenacity of the latter.
Carter paid a. brief tribute to * the na
tion's greatest military chieftain." and
then Allen concluded the speechmaking
¦with a view of General Grant from the
viewpoint of a 'private soldier who
served unfler him.
The Senate then, at B:<3 p. m_ ad
journed.
Senate Tables the Scheme
by Decisive Vote of
32 x to 16.
a
failure of an Attempt to Appropriate
NO MONEY FOR
THE PNEUMATIC
TUBE SYSTEM
WASHINGTON, May 1*.— The _t_tus of
General Grant, presented by the Grand
Army of the Republic to the nation, was
unveiled In the great rotunda of the Capi
tol to-day and elaborate ceremonies com
memorative of the event were held In the
Hall of Representatives In the presence of
a vast concourse of people, including the
widow, daughter and descendants of the
hero of Appomattox, hundreds of his com
rades In arms, the officers and coxnmltte'e
of the Grand Army of the Republic and
many distinguished in military, political
and social circles.
The statue of the pre-eminent chief of
the Union forces In tie civil war repre
sents the contributions of thousands of his
comrades of the Grand Army of the Re
public, cone of whom was allowed to sub
scribe more than 15 cents, and is the result
of -a movement started shortly after Gen
eral Grant's death, In July, 1£85. It Is the
work of Franklin Simmons, an American
sculptor. Of marble, of heroic size, it
stands on a granite pedestal emblazoned
with a bronze seal of the Grand Army of
the Republic, representing the grim old
hero In the full uniform of a general,
equipped for the fleld with top boots and
gauntlets, his cloak over his arm and his
right hand resting on the hilt of his sword.
The "counterfeits" of statesmen, sol
diers and pioneers in marble and bronze
adorn the old House of Representatives
chamber of the Capitol, now Statuary
Hall, but these are rifts of the individual
States, Grant's statue was unveiled in the
rotunda, as befitted the statue of one
whose valiant service was for the whole
nation. There It will remain with the
statues of Jefferson, Hamilton — nd Lin
coln, which are also In the rotunda, an
example and an inspiration to future gen
erations. The hero of Appomattox stands
near the western entrance, flanked on
either side by the famous paintings of the
"Surrender of Cornwallis" and the "Sur
render of Burgoyne."
The unveiling took place shortly before
noon in the presence of Mrs. Grant, Mrs.
Sartoris, Miss Sartoris, the officers of the
Grand Army ol the Republic, Speaker
Henderson and Senator Fry©. President
pro t«m of the Senate. The fact of the
unveiling was kept secret and few people
witnessed it. There werj no ceremonies.
Miss Sartoris. attired 1 ... white, drew the
lanyard that uncovered the statue. Mrs.
Grant inspected it carefully and smiled
her approval. The party then repaired to
the hall of the Hcuu, where the ceremo
nies occurred.
The ceremonies In the House were pro
foundly impressive. They consisted of ad
dresses by McCleary of Minnesota, Gros
venor of Ohio. Richardson of Tennessee,
Warner of Illinois. Linney of North Caro
lina, Gardner of Michigan, Brosius of
Pennsylvania and L>olliver of Iowa.
The gallery opposite the Speaker s ros
trum had been reserved for the members
of the G. A. R. and was crowded with
grizzled veterans, who cuxne to pay trib
ute to the memory of their loved comrade.
In the area in front of the Speaker's desk
eat members of the Grand Army and the
committee appointed by the Grand Army
Encampment at Philadelphia, who had
been granted the privilege of the floor for
the occasion by a special resolution.
In the gallery reserved for Mrs. Grant
and her family were Mrs. Grant, her
daughter, Mrs. Nellie Grant-Sartoris:
Lieutenant Sartoris, Miss Sartoris and
Miss Grant, a daughter of Colonel Fred
Exactly at 12 o'clock Speaker Hender
son's gavel fell. After an impressive
prayer by the blind chaplain the commit
tee of the Grand Army, among whom
were Commander in Chief Albert D. Shaw.
General S. S. Burdett. General H. B.
Heath S. V.; Commander In Chief Inrtn
Itobblns and Chaplain In Chief A- I*
Grimm, were ushered Into tho House.
After th* Speaker had announced the or
der of the day McCleary of Minnesota,
chairman of the Committee on Library,
sent to the clerk's desk and had read a
letter addressed to the Speaker presenting
the statue. McCleary then offered the fol
lowing resolution:
Resolved by tho Houso, tb« Sen— ta concur
ring-. That tho thank* of Congre«» b« _1v«n to
the Grand Army for the statue of General
U. S. Grant.
Resolved. That th» st&tue b« accepted and
placed in the Capitol and that a copy of these
resolution*, elpned by the presiding officers of
the Houn of Represent-tiveo and th» Senate,
be forwarded to the. chairman of the commit
tee of tha Grand Army of the Republic on the
Grant memorial. •
The eloquet eulogies of General Grant
which followed were listened to atten
tively and several times brought round
after round of applause from floor and'
galleries. McCleary said:
In th» Bj>rln_ of 1865. more men mov«d obe
dient to the command of General Grant than
were oommanded by Napoleon In all his cam
paigns, from the beginning: of hia meteorlo
career en the plains of Italy and before tho
pyramids of Egypt, until his »un set at Water
loo, and the area of Grant's operations exceed
ed the area covered by Napoleon, from the
vineclad hllla of Franca to tha snow-steppes
° But"to"appreciat« th« real dignity and worth
of General Grant's service to mankind, they
must be considered in the ll*ht ot universal
history. His _enlu* was exercised to eave to
the world Its most Taluable possession. I meas
ure my words when I say that the most valu
able secular possession of the world to-day la
the Union of the American States. Hundreds
of lives and hundreds of millions of treasure
have been exuended to preserve It. but In Its
potency for good to th» world It Is worth ln
tinltely more than It has cost.
Every man who had any part, however bum
ble. In the preservation of the Union, is en
titled to the gratitude of the world. Henos
the propriety^ of enshrlnlnr within this Capi
tol, the temple of the great pacific principle of
representation, the building: in which the rep
resentatives of the commonwealth meet, a
statue of the great commander through whose
genius the Union was preserved. The statue,
worthy alike of the genius which it com
memorates and the brav« men whose cheerful
contributors produced it. will be accepted, and
It will be preserved In honor through the com
ing centuries.
Present at the Oesa
mozdes.
&ift of the Grand Army Is
Formally Received by
the Nation.
Widow and Descendants of tho Gen
eral and Hundreds of Oomrades
HEROIC STATUE
OE GEN. GRANT
IS UNVEILED
|2 60 men's shoes for $1 60 a pair,- at the
Beehive Shoe Co.;" 717 Market et.; nr Third.
Young Man Created a Sensation a
Year Ago by Eloping With
Miss Edith Edwards.
CHICAGO, May 19.— The Tribune says:
After eleven months of waiting, parental
forgiveness has been extended to young
William W. Sloan Jr. of Buffalo, who was
married while at Harvard to Miss Ed
wards of Cambridge, the fiancee of young
Mr. Boeck of St. Louis, on the day after
the weddinff of the latter two was to
have taken place In a Cambridge church.
News that William W. Sloan Sr. has re
lented and would take the young couple
into his good graces was broughtTjy John
Sloan of Buffalo, uncle of the young man,
who found them In apartments at 113
Cass street In this city. No time was lost
in accepting the parental proffer of the
olive branch, land last night the young
man. his bride of 22 and hi3 uncle left ovet
the Lake Shore for Buffalo.
Miss Edwards' mother was the owner of
a boarding house, where Mr. Boeck lived
in Harvard. He left'the university in the
spring of 1898, engaged to marry Miss Ed
warda. Mr. Sloan began his studies at
Harvard in the fall of 1898 and found
"rooms and board" at the Edwards house.
Mr. Sloan fell in love with Miss Edwards,
and she returned his love. Mrs. Edwards
did not look with favor on the new at
tachment. Mr.- Boeck's father was a
wealthy resident of St. Louis. Mr. Sloan's
father was vice president of the Third
National Bank of Buffalo and worth sev
eral millions, but Mrs. Edwards thought
the old engagement should stand, and
plans were made for the wedding of Mr.
Boeck and MIbs Edwards. The ceremony
was to have been performed on ! June 22,
1699. The night before that date there was
a rehearsal, but, when. the guests arrived
at the church tho next evening the edifice
MILLIONAIRE SLOAN
FORGIVES HIS SON
Was Formerly General Manager of
: the Northern Paciflfic,
CHICAGO, May 19.-Horaer Earl Sar
gent, former general manager of the
Northern Paciflc Railroad and one of tho
founders of the Union stockyards here,
died to-day, aged 73 years. Death was
due to acute enteritis.
Mr. Sargent entered the railroad busi
ness as a clerk at the State line station
of the "Western (now the Boston and Al
bany Railroad) in TMi. Later he was
general superintendent of the Michigan
Central. He was the constructor and
president of the Fargo and Southern Rail
road. The remains will be sent Sast for
burial.
HOMER E. SARGENT DEAD.
Boston Domestic Admits That She la
Responsible for Numerous In
cendiary Fires.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. May 19.— Catherine Martin
aged 19 years, a domestic at Hotel Pleas
ant, was arrested last night, charged with
setting the fires which of late have ter
rified the hotel guests and puzzled both
the Police and Fire departments. She
admitted to the police that she has at
tempted to set fire to ten different hotels
in the past year and that she was the
caua.e of several incendiary fires before
she cama from Ireland to this country.
"I can t help It," she told the officers;
"the fever comes over me and something
compels me to set a fire wherever I am.
The police think there axe other nrea
she can explain.
YIELDS TO A MANIA FOR
STARTING CONFLAGRATIONS
Girard's" Memory Honored.
: PHILADELPHIA. May 19.— Founders*
day was celebrated at Gtrard • College to
day.it being the one hundred and fiftieth
anniversary of the birth of " Stephen Gl
rard. United States Senator Depew was
one i of the i speakers. - He gave an inter
esting ; . review of the ¦ life ¦ of the founder
Story Credited to Huntingdon Is De
nounced as Fiction in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES. May 19. — President
George B. Leighton of the Terminal Rail
way Company, who left for the East to
day, said in an 'interview Just before his
departure that the story credited to C. P.
Huntington that the Southern Pacific and
Santa Fe roads -would Jointly build a road
between • Salt Lake and Los Angeles is
"stuff and nonsense." Mr. Leighton said:
"The Salt Lake road is to be built— of
that there is no doubt— but . neither the
Southern Paciflc nor the Santa Fe will
have anything to do with its construction.
Of that I am absolutely certain. I could
convince you in a moment of what I am
saying, but I am under oath almost not
to divulge. what I know.
"Whoever • does construct the new line,
will build It into -Barstow and that la
also a certainty. Of course, Mr. Hunting
ton has had surveyors In the field look
ing over the territory, along the proposed
new road and so have also several others.
But Mr. Jtiunttngton knows that his
story of a combination road between Los
Angeles and Salt Lake, to be built by the
Southern Paciflc and the Santa Fe, Is pure
fiction and nothing else."
: At Santa Fe local headquarters nothing
confirmatory of the Shji Francisco dis
patch could be learned to-day.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC WILL
NOT BUILD TO SALT LAKE
. GRASS VALLEY, May; 19.— Henry
Smith, a miner 28 years of age, was killed
in the "W." T. O. D. mine this morning at
II -o'clock. He was timbering when a
piece of quartz weighing 600 pounds came
crashing down, catching him • and killing
him instantly: • "-
Miner Killed.
REDDING, May 19.— I* U. Reavls,: who
owns a horse market here, has been ar
rested by Sheriff Behrens of Shasta Coun
ty and Sheriff L. E. Abbott of Davis Coun
ty TJtaii He is charged with complicity
in the murder of Thomas Sandell at Lay
ton, a town seven miles from Farming
ton the seat of Davis County, Utah on
March 28. 1899. Reavls and Nick Haworth,
It is said, entered a store at night with a
oiroitttnn k«>v Sandell, the watchman, was
aifeeP to the rear. 'They, killed Sandell
with a shotgun, robbed the store and fled.
Haworth was caught . In Portland. Or.,
December '27, Reavls located here eight
months asro and started a horse market.
HE. Grant, a horse dealer of San Fran
cisco . visited here Thursday. He recog
nized Reavis ] and notified the Fitzgerald
Detective Agency Jn^San Francisco. They
telegraphed Sheriff Abbott and he arrived
on the early train. Reavis protests. he is
not the man. 'He was taken to Sacramen
to and from there to Farmington to stand
trial. Haworth is still in jail awaiting
trial. Reavis is unmarried • and 30 years
of age. " v. • ¦ , ¦ '. ' ¦¦ ¦ _______
Under Arrest.
WANTED FOR MURDER.
I*. TJ. Reavis, a Bidding Horse Dealer,
was dark and they found tacked on the
door a paper, on which was the message:
"S^oliPSHS'Edw-d. that even
w&^he'y^re* £Z&A°<Z??£l .&?"
QTJEENSTOWN, May 19.— Howard
Gould's yacht Niagara, with its owner
and party aboard.' arrived this morning.
The Niagara will remain until Monday,
when she will proceed for the Continent.
Gould's Yacht at Queenstown.
LOS ANGELES, May 19.— An opinion re
garding: the rights of water companies
and their consumers has been handed
down by the Supereme Court of the
United States and a copy of the same was
received to-day by ex-Judge John P.
Works of this city. The case In which
the opinion is given is that of Osborne vs.
the San Diego Land and Town Company.
The action was begtn January 4, 1S36, in
the United States Circuit Court tn Los
Angeles. On September 1, 1S96, a decision
was rendered by Judge Ross favorable to
the defendant company.
The decision received to-day affirms
Judge Ross' decision.
Judge Ross decided that a water com
pany nad the right and power to establish
and change its own rates and that the
only remedy of the consumers, if the
rates were not satisfactory, was to apply
to the Board of Supervisors to have such
rates fixed by that body. He held fur
ther, that no contract or representation
made by the water company could take
away from the State the right to regulate
and control the sale and distribution of
water by a company of that kind, by fix
ing the rates through the Board of Super
visors, as provided by law.
Rates at Will.
BIGHTS OF WATER COMPANIESw
Supreme Court Decides They May Set
of the college. Stephen Glrard, the Sena
tor said, was the first to begin and sig
nificantly enforce the duty of riches to
the country which gave opportunity for
their accumulation. HI3 example had re
ceived the cordial and unanimous ap
proval of public opinion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C AL.Ii, SUNDAY, MAY 20. 1 900.
17
THE EMPOEIUM. | THE EMPOEIXJM. | THE EMPOBTTJM. | THE EMPOEIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
jg\ Boys 9 Rattan *MtWM^ IP P^ l^_lf_^^^ 13 H @ Wk M AU Sheet Mid-Season t h^ ot o
/\\lT\ SU'tS Longhondlefl, Wj P^> „ _ -^ „ 4-^ Sy&i Ask or tend as eompieto as it <^^/^^}^
/ 1 G&'S3m each. tS^* iHt?fl"4* P^^^^^^rP. for May 13 now. The dh-
/ j I; Long^Pants Suits for %£££"**" CALIFORNIA'S l^RGEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE neTSV' tZsTT^ W^JIM
1 -if J > i boys 11 to 19 years . y , ,, viX)'£'^ i?
\Y/l^ °Di aK9 ' ma i e weirini* A dozen extra special buying chances for Monday are presented in this an- be«tifni e S?S & 4^>^F
\&/ 0/ "u-woororeloncasl nouncement for your careful consideration— sweeping reductions from the^* regular r_ade*HaS ra fof A^' ' % ~
'viA \y Bi T Tt> ne M dr a 8 ck prices that must 1 command your attention if you need or are going to need any of the articles. We seaahore or moun- £$&&£&!
' l\ J Soat since or double g^e brief, accurate, unexaggerated descriptions of the goods that we have for sale, and if they are not tain and the best !J§8j|£8i_-^
/ 1 breasted; tailoring fouod to be precisely as advertised return them to us at once and receive yonr money back. " tffa^iimT 7 b< T" in > nowiTo»
I ' -1 t [ iian L D 5» n«r w2^7/ra«« **ff*y> n m New colored trinaeJ Hats (better val-
ticufar-tS vev fLUMlrffl *®§S(&82e§2B S¥U GS t?B $M SS^f ues you cannot find at the price)..
I 1 fart fiftinir anita '"'"¦ -'¦¦ -'-•¦¦; • * .........._........... .-¦¦-¦¦ ..^iJmUU
J_Ji. -S,.™^ «go, $^.^lfQSB§arsis78G Floss Cushions.
J-i- y~ Our " entire stock (positively no nervation) of J^__?___!^"_S! fS^^S
Colored Our large bus!- beautiful French Foulards that are selling every cheap" Ve had the good fortune 7 nQsi of s P ht Sailors, this
Bffankets. thT or. day at $1.00 and $1.25-. yard— on special sale to secure from an overstocked fesra— i\ season's Hats, at following
de ra with the mills far in advance, it Monday only feo^o^^.t1»*S?J_» Iv^ \ BVec }^ v ™ e { °*-Mohday.
was fortunate in the last season, for all These beai of French Poulards are i Z /W «,? X. 7k ll%\ V Oil/y-
our Blankets were contracted for and the entirely this season's Jtf %s&? £F&b „. ,_,, ',.. ,„,, , ,\ I WA **^- m. Best $5.00 split Sailor Hat, to-inorrow
orders accepted before the rise in wool. stock, in designs male exclu- ffl fKM&IJsi VlX L5 5__t n« m™ \W\ J^^—X\ at $2.50
The result is that we have foil stocks at 8 ively for the big store: Navy Blue, MS ***&? %&& c J a ± t "ZflSP", \^^" Oor $4.00 split Sailor Hat, to-morrow
the old prices. Silver Gray, Castor, Reds, Royal il ihm Sl y m ZL?iL?ih2i <d&^ - -_^^ at • $2.OO
Camping Blankets-Gray, pure Blues, Brown, Blue, Gray, Rose, Reseda, Black and White_ nrELX«5rfT_T Second Floor.
long-fiber wool Blankets, a 5-lb weight, and White grounis— width* 24 and 27 inches. iL^Zn ii - «R-« >^^_^_ v <r^^^r
a $5.00 value, ourprice. per pair.' Main Alslt-Near Entrance, iSS 8^S_S&I_fif_ > UndermUSlin
Wl^^^M^ Jacket Specials. SKKSSBSiSg Department. l h^z
I r SX°ht $ B 6^1 8 a^ S o e urPce°; This JaO*a*-AU.wooloovert,,ilk B — Tablea-Maln _____ E^.TS^^.^t^S
per pair... „ $4.9O #&&3sll^ lined * l»PPcd and double stitched . big store. The kind that we sell, manu-
Ncmo Blanket -Best Oregon gMS^^ Beams, has all the many little ij _P_fO¥fl_'_ f *€5 &€$S®a factored apecially to our order, are made
woo.en brown Blanket, 7. lbs. .wefobt.- <£^g£$ tle3 __. f B a * 10 '°? «_fl O« *.%**•..*» w«i- *r- of be3t materials, cut as they ehould be,
per pair.. t6.5J \s. § Jacket, thiawfOk Beginning Monday and during en- comfortable, practical and are sold at
Nome BlanketS-k thoroughly J*#v E i°" aG Mf~^ U 'T^\ C ° yeTt \ beginning IWOllUdy J/llA 1 prices so low that home sewing Is o-t of
medicated red Blanket, the best artl- as^ high collar, double-breasted, fine pearl |fe&_^ ••• •? ¥lr_»8?«T^ U»" v the question. r- '...•,'
cle that we have ever been able to f\ ***^£ \\ buttons, highly tailored, all seams M^^^a»»_. Aft DeDartment Chfl
Dry Qood. p^rtmeut-y' .xt' 'to %Zv?JZ H/vSW^ every new feature of the fly-front 1 U^S|^_Nl\f Bew and pleasing, in 3!?to siS from %PttS5k
O«_# <?».„„ i I W^WI f£ Btyle, stitching is fine and ver> close _ t^^H sE^tB P ' 8 j"T r °° m - 10c ud M 5 W
Red Shoes "y /^ jjt. 9^ r? t0 ' ed in s ualit , ppeMa i e and u EgK^ m&& U 1 r ? om and if™* YfT 3 : c__dre__ hemstit- t^2?k
*-»__ __»-.«-__ ««t fad in cbiW A n ; a \ u . ?>,_ -- n ,i «i9Kn t««u> *#¦/_, Wlv WS_*f fe>«o ft ly v choice subjects by the best unuarens nemstit- »_S3*'-*T33
tOr Baby. dren'sshoe*. In- *_££•*> " " % Jacket, <ll#s «gO Off % -Ss'/J f^__9 known artists. Artotypes, ched ruffled drawers,
opera toe™id tf_^^v lined and all colors, somi with white reveres- we never Pjo os,water colors, pastels cordmg to sue, from <£fc£<*
tfpa. turned sew- ISd^/tt™^!^." Ws'wto* ££,<&& **™»&. •» *^«« H00 or over fa^SSTSs^Kl ° Children's embroid-
i_T te 5 S I ofhie^S 1^ One-Quarter Off Regular Prices. S&ZLgFL SL '%?%
63O AM kersey, silk lined, strapped and douole-stitched Beams, Art Department-Second Floor. Children's drawers of extra fl 39 mate-
Sizes 5 to 8 /^^V^s/^1 edges finished with six rows of silk stitching, pockets same — — — r!a!> extra wide 8eat^ f _ n , b
$t^7^^J__jL^ way thisis a verydi3tingui?hed Jacket, no . smarter gar- _^_a_fel#_f_V» & &T B PP# E m ff* ter made, at prices from 30c up.
First Aisle-! *" ment made, $20 cou d not make It any bet- n o - iViGE^MtMU «PfK#_rflf#7^« Baihina Stiancrs
Right of Entrance. ter, and the price this week is only.... &MU.9O __" ¦ _« *t .. Orf """» *"I*n crs~.........^
Second Floor— Front A Httle lot of 10 pieces 32-Inch Metallic Skirting, assorted -,""_1V IV 25o and BO'S
PtsB fait Bot Men's Po'ka Dot ¦ — stripes on black ground, worth regularly 20o a yard, closed Battling Caps 25c and 5Oc
ma . Neckwear is again A3 »&« £»*»#•• €£*_-_#_-_ out to us at a very special price, will be offered -_, Ladies' S3cque Chembe, arms and neck
NeCkWear. j_ great demand. nisSSSOn &QBQa Monday only at i4G embroidery trimmed SOo
j*. Monday we shall -— » <*=-, , . _ . . Ladies' muslin Drawee, deep cambric
vf 5 ? show an entirely P fl 0 -- blg offen PK for m -_.— -_-.— _3» J- _-__-_ 5_-_ /f_-. rnfflea-inch hemstitched hem....35o
<^zz^%, /• new line in Sailor f$r=\ fi& /te>> ffiOntiay Oniy, two EmffSSBaCs X&RS&ZmSSmiI §a Lad:ea line Drawers, with tac_3 and hem-
J^f^S^L Knot Scarfs, Sr^^li SIL/rfS* lartrp Rnppiil nnrr«hat?pq stitched rufiL?, ready for your'own trim-
S* o»/./'/»*V 9 in-Hands, in all = __ F lot of beautiful fancy chased a large quantity of Blackberry >j_Q 18 to 30 sizes $2*75
•T' i /' O _ the new color- Xj|x cj_! -—^' "" Ribbons offered at a pre- * Brandy, the purest and best that can be |jl Wire Bustles „. „....„ 25o
#/ in ? 3 » Buch as "OCRI Srxi^l V1OUS sale, at prices which made . everT bottle piaranteed as repre- I! I Second Floon
(¦¦f/*''i JS*-? 4 .^ §1IP scarcely represent half JkK A Good Ham- *" •
grounds, in dif- _^j theirreal worth: f or Monday only of full quart bottles, reg- f^S/^] avyn.l* i_*/9_, ham-
iy^ erent color dots, W €&Wk Alt-SHk Fancy Rib- ularly SSc? for". 583 »L*> IttOttK, BUCm mockfor
ranging i^m a pin head to a dime -the gg __g" • ftp«S— 2000 yards lot of Cyrus Noble Whiskey— Bigh grade lfff^\L$ C°T_7 _^_t' \
best qualities we have ever seen for the S» >g Pf^i S_-mch ribbon, also includes 6-year old Bourbon, regularly $1.00 a bot- | K_2l__J, home ', lawn * flFvt>^&-> -^S^4
price each 50o OS ir_3 K® Borne soli i colore d taffetas tie, Monday 79O v! ¥*z$X&\ .veranda or \ .
Third Aisle— Right of Entrance, Vxf} '^ S7 end Bayadere effects worth Port or Sherry- Oar 76c per gallon £! Sp§yffl some shady ',^%. «a //"V
__ -. — Z 1 — . ,_,_ easi'y from 20c to -_-r qualities, guaranteed pure, on Monday Iv '\dss* ? p . 7 W\_^S_rA //
Reclamng k &** n J»- SOc vard. Monday only - '^G \ '„*.„•. 4 9o A^^ J l \ 8 , tcre (MmtlSm
_^O-C_5f*fS. orT Pnr»rt Fancy Jacquard Ribbons-ani gauze stripes, Belfast Ginger Alo-michts, the I hasthelarg- ZmgA£j3~&
IsO'Udrtdf ordinary Go-Cart, widths 3J and 4 inches, 25c to 35o values, only - a^ genuine imported, regular price $1-50 rer est stock f^Yfe^^^i
a reclining 200 yards, Monday only B&O dozen, on Monday SI .32 in the city <¥&**<'//&? f
bade ana // & Fancy Persian Ribbons— also solid color taffetas, Main Floor— Reax. of good look- YijTbr^/i^
movable ff II correct and handsome for Milinery purposes and neck rib- ing, service- / >^_______
f ? ot re v 6 n o ' tons, 4 to 4_ inches wide, 35c and 60c va ues, 2500 *»>_¦_ _^3lP9_^tf»A_>«|_r able h *I?" ¦'' " ¦' ¦ -=5—
that can be JLM^ yards on special sale, Monday only 2&O %XB*O&Gry &P&GMaS&M moclo. The
J-ted *S V6^ffi» Bargain T-bie.-Main Aisle. Half a dozen trade dinners for Monday only. bad hammock either, b open
TSSH-SBK& $6-00 Photographs $3.83. Hl^SA'SitSa! Z^£lF£Z£r!ih
reclining To still further popularize our model Photo- 1^ Prunes— Fancy, very fine, from 6 > to 25x7S iaches, our price.. GOp
Go- Carts V/TTNS^lV/Ay graph Studio, which for the excellence of the _,_?«_,2% lh 'J_? ! S' /°w"V"""V 1 ?i? 1 * Gauza weave, colored hammock with pii-
STwheeC W^W^ ™* produce^ has no * m?eri0T in California ' we f wM 5S5s^53^-^^^3to low and S_S§_Ss_335Bd3
antl-fric- ViP 1_J^ make this remarkable offer: • a P '^^» Olairotto ioa/y— Made by Fair- by^s^e8{wita}pfflo^\tpw_tf«r%ad
tlon wheel fastener and foot brake. The p or sittings made this week (tnO etttirO %•.( 2- \ banks & Co., one of the best laundry drapery in jacquard and Oriental do-
Go-Cart in picture costs $6.50, and others |ve©/W"we will furnish our carbon finished IM |§^ \ Soaps. 7 bars for -~ 2So signs, from $1.5Q to $S.OO
more elaborately finished at $7.60, ?&50, SfK r-Mn*f nr <^fi 00 PirU Panel Photo- Vi I Worcestershire SauCO Lea
$9.50, up to $20. ?5.0O Cabinet or !pb.UU i'ana ranei rno to - fJ p«- ¦ & PerrIn8 the gen _ ine j. pint ©..*_#__, m™*****
Baby carriageg-8econd Floor. graphs, the very best that can be made. at those . '\ |S J 22s SuetsO laiOVeS
TniBGt The greatly en- . prices, mounted on latest style \J^> / W ?S Dr7 ° l>aiIllJate<fSl !ir That Will Wash.
ArtteieS. \r^Zr*2 B^ 0^^ Pef d0Z9n - S3Q3 MaTplo^He-r.- 10 " • ~" **°
V^S^^StS^Tl Vacation and Gape Nome Outfitting | a ES, co Sh m^S
$i n oo hl sfz9 7 W Sut r nerland Sisters' Hair Is making business very lively in the big store just now. It is so convenient to get everything that yotf handled and washed with the soap
Grower StC 6 ** need under one roof and at the right prices-saves lots of time and worry. S'lS J^w^&TJS' ™tSJ
50c siz 9 7 Sutherland Sisters Hair Grower J Acknowledged to Graduation White Organ- Slimmer If Jou are have* been washed in Glove. Depart-
1S^r"""jL Sh%Ags.t^l^. Organdfes. Urterwear.ZS&'fc sfefe.^p»
Pure G vcerine ''oaD. V~2p ed Economical to use because it lasts mand for graduation dresses. On Mon- kan points buy Ypsilanti Underwear— New Glove Department— Rotunda.
nice'v scented^hnlf F"j somuch longer than the cheaper kinds, day a special display of a full line of has no superior in fit, wear and warmth. — _T~ _
pound bar Wo jfR which as a matter of fact cost but a these sheer dainty fabrics, Imported We are agents for this celebrated Un- CVfatlO Halt*
Requa'a Toilet Pamice. / Ml V trifle less. At the big store you can buy direct from the French and American derwear. Bafnnfht*<i 2%f
removes stains and f/0/ N the well-known Pequot Sheeting at the makers. Assortments and prices will be Ladies' jersey ribbed cotton Vests Jow tSrOOUntS^ -C0k>»
roughness So (li % \ f/^T following prices: found advantageous to purchasers. neck.no sleeve3. drawn around neck A pretty little nov-
StrawberryCo'd Cream, '( i^ K\~,*, )] Bleached Pequot Sheeting—* White Organdies— American production, and arm holes with siik tape, white, eity In Hair fT&^jfizfS
the perfect complex- 'p iT_ioUT 7 45 inches wide 13\O yard almost equal to the foreign fabrics, ecru, pink, sky blue and lavender, Brooches, most «££> Jj3>%/iS>?
ion cerate. .....25o W- /to-" 64 inches wide.. 16 n yard single width, per yard..f2_O to 25o each ~15o useful in holding "^'$Sg_fi5ikV*f
Genuine German Bou- /__T* 72 inches wide 2Qo yard Prench Organdies — Fine white make, 68 Ladies' jersey ribbed cotton Vests, high up the short haira, -^C^i&S.Jsp
quet Cologne, 4 os. 4 fc-^' 72 Inches wide 22c yard inches wide, in several qualities, rang- neck, long or short sleeves, pant3 to „ well as a seat 5v* Vp''- 4w 7
• bot Ie...........2_»o 0 1l~ 81 inches wide .^^Joyard Ing in price from, per yard match, knee length, with French bands, ornament, in sev- '^t^/^M^'^
CaliiorniaVioletWater, — - — * 81 inches wide 24o yard « 4 iiC to $1.25 ecru and white, per garment 25o cral style3, ena- VmSffif
a lasting, truo odor, Unbleached Pequot Sheeting— White Piques— The English pro- Children's summer weight, Swiss ritbed mel wreath leaves, N» *i
2 oz. bottle 25c, 4 o*. bottle.. .SOo 90 inches wide ,25c yard duction, so tine in thread, well raised cotton Vesta and Pants, colors ecru turquoise and jeweled stone set. will
Eent'd Rum and Quinine Hair Tonic, 8 oa. 90 inches wide 26O yard In welt, and perfect in washing V*£1- and white, per garment. 2So not tarnish, eaclu 25O
bottle SOo Domestic Section. ties, per yard ..ZUC to 6OC Second Aisle— Left of Entrance. Jewelry Department-Rot_nda.
I 0m no s^ ron 9 er
I l^p ' than your
9 stomach \
\^X/M-^-' You can strcn s^ lcn , |
I^^L^^ your stomach if you I
l"^F Johnson's Digestive TabletsSometimes the public school teachers are deprived
of their pay to reduce the deficit. The reform charter
appears to be ju^t like the consolidation act in regard
to this chronic and incurable deficit, and will probably
make it larger, for it increases the cost of the city
government
As things are goir.g now the city is largely run it
the expense of contractors for mercantile supplies to
the poorhouse, hospital. Police and Fire and other
departments who never get their pay. Occasionally
we economize by putting out the street lights, and
then the bold highwayman flourishes and collects
taxes from the belated citizen regardless of the dollar
What this city seems to need is a reform of its re
formers. All these annual deficits have occurred
while reformers have been running the city. They
get elected by advocating the dollar limit in taxation,
?nd when they get in office proceed to give us a two
collar administration on a dollar limit What we
seem to need is two dollar limit reformers who will
give us a dollar administration.
UNDER the reform charter, "administered by its
friends," San Francisco has another sumptuous
deficit of two hundred thousand dollars or
more. This will be added to amounts already due to
the merchants, who have furnished the city with sup
plies, under penalty contracts, and are still whistling
for their money.
REFORM THE REFORMERS.
Geographical advantages possessed by San Fran
cisco make her the natural metropolis of Pacific
Ocean commerce. Geography and nature, however,
are not the controlling factors in commerce. There
must be business ability, sagacity, energy and the fac
ulty of co-operation among a people to secure for
their city the benefits which trade confers. The move
ment for a Commercial Museum is one of the most
important ventures the people of the Pacific Coast
have ever undertaken to make use of the natural ad
vantages they possess for controlling the ocean trade.
It ought, therefore, to have a liberal, earnest and
prompt support.
The usefulness of such a museum as the one pro
posed has been amply demonstrated by what has been
achieved in Philadelphia. The museum there has al
ready a world-wide fame, and from merchants and
manufacturers in all parts of the globe letters of in
quiry come to its officers asking information as to
markets and prices. So great has been the benefit
conferred upon American trade by the work of the
museum that other progressive nations are discuss
ing plans to establish similar museums, and it is
probable the Germans will soon have one in opera
tion.
More than a hundred firms have signed the roll of
membership, and others are rapidly uniting with
them. It is hardly necessary to say that every mer
cantile, manufacturing and banking firm on the Pa
cific Coast should co-operate with the movement. In
the very nature of things, however, it -is upon the
business men of California the chief burden of carry
ing the enterprise to success will rest. When the
museum has been established and its far-reaching
machinery for promoting trade is in operation there
will then be no lack of members. Applications for en
rollment will come not only from all parts of the coast,
but from all parts of the Union. All will be plain and
easy sailing tljen. The sole difficulty in an enterprise
of this kind is that of starting it, and even that diffi
culty seems now well nigh surmounted. t
GRATIFYING in every respect is the success
which has thus far attended the movement for
the establishment in this city of a Commercial
Museum on the lines of that of Philadelphia, and upon
a scale of sufficient magnitude to make it of first-class
importance to the commercial world. It is but a com
paratively short time ago that the enterprise was first
spoken of among our progressive merchants, and al
ready enough has been achieved to render its early
establishment well nigh certain.
THE COMMERCIAL MUSEUM.
a larger custom than they ever had before.
The Lodi merchants who object to the introduction
of a free mail delivery in the rural districts in their
neighborhood for fear it will injure their trade by
freeing the farmers of the necessity of coming to town
for mail are short-sighted. The improvement which
the mail delivery will make in the district will tend
to attract new residents, and the Lodi folks will have
To fair-minded men it will be a matter of regret
that the police authorities did not formulate a defi
nite determination to enforce the law to close
the side entrances at once as soon as they
assumed tHeir official responsibilities instead of
griving the saloon men reason to believe that
if they conformed to the six-foot partition ordi
r.ance they would be permitted to maintain a side
entrance and carry on the business which came
through it. The action of the authorities in that re
spect was almost an implied promise that if the par
titions were of the regulation height the saloon
keepers would be allowed to go on as before. In that
way many proprietors have been unfairly treated and
have suffered a monetary loss of no inconsiderable
value. Such has been the effect of an uncertain and
irresolute administration of police affairs, and while
the evil thus infxicted has been slight in comparison
with the good which will result from closing the side
entrances, it is nevertheless an act for which the au
thorities will be justly censured.
The closing of the side entrances is thus a step in
the direction of good morals. It removes from the
city an allurement which menaced the welfare of all
classes. It is hardly less important lhan the prohi
bition of the track gambling which not infrequently
accompanied the free and easy drinking of the
saloons. By the act another safeguard has been placed
around the youth of the city, and the welfare of the
home has been rendered more secure. There is no
lonper that enticement to vice which was once open,
zr.d the moral tone of the community has been dis
tinctly improved.
The side door to drinking saloons has been the
avenue through which many a woman has walked to
ruin. Familiarity with the practice of resorting to
such places has weakened that fine instinct which
guards the conduct of women and led them by degrees
to accept companionship which corrupts manners
and morals. Moreover, the evil was one which rap
idly widened. Where one woman went another
deemed herself at liberty to follow. In some sets it
became a fashion to resort to such places, and the
fashion in many instances became a habit which ca - r
ried with it a continual temptation to a waste of
money needed in the home, to idling, intemperance,
and worse.
PUBLIC opinion, so far as it reflects the senti
ment of the better element of the community,
cordially approves the action of the police au
thorities in closing the side entrances to saloons. The
action should* have been taken long ago, but th'.
maxim, "Better 2ate than never," applies here, and the
only criticism which will be pronounced adverse to
the course of the authorities will be that caused by
their action in inducing the saloon proprietors to first
make costly expenditures in fitting partitions between
the booths of their resorts and then closing the side
entrances up, thus rendering the expenditures a total
loss which need not and should not have been im
posed.
RIGHT ACTION AT LAST
PriELAN'S PETTY SPITE.
T\A AYOR PHELAN'S letter to General E. S.
/ \ Salomon setting forth the reason why the
* * name of Solomon Cahen was omitted from
the committee appointed by the Supervisors to ar
range for the celebration of Memorial day is one of
the plainest exhibitions of the petty spitefulness and
inordinate vanity of his nature which he has yet dis
played. It discloses feelings which no other man in
San Francisco is likely to share, and reveals a sense
of self-importance which certainly no other man
would be foolish enough to manifest in public and in
writing.
When the Supervisors appropriated $500 for the
celebration of Memorial day it became necessary un
der the charter to appoint a committee to have charge
of the money. Desiring to act in harmony with the
veterans of the Grand Army on the subject, the
Grand Army posts of the city were requested to make
nominations for members of the committee. With
that request the veterans complied, and among the
names sent in was that of Solomon Cahen, a member
of Garfield Post and a' past department commander
of the Grand Army. When the Supervisors made up
the committee they rejected Mr. Cahen. and Mayor
Phelan in explaining the rejection wrote to General
Salomon that he was objected to "on the ground that
as the $500 appropriated for Memorial day was for
the first time in this city made possible by the char
ter, no one opposed to the charter should serve under
it in any honorary capacity, and that Mr. Cahen had
attacked its most vital and important provision;^
hence his name was omitted on final confirmation of
the committee."
Thus it appears a member of the Grand Army is to
excluded from even a purely honorary office in con
nection with the celebration of Memorial day for no
ether reason than that he opposed some of the pro
visions of the charter. It is reported that when the
names were submitted by the posts and the attention
of the Mayor was directed to that of Mr. Cahen he
declared a belief that the nomination would not be
ratified by the Supervisors, and added: "We must
punish our enemies."
It is, then, by way of showing his power to punish
his enemies that Mayor Phelan procures the rejection
of a worthy nominee for an honorary office; for that
he snubs the Grand Army, mocks at the claims of the
veterans and infuses his spite and overweening vanity
into the very celebration of a day sacred to the
memory of the nation's heroic dead.
Out of respect for the solemnity of the occasion
and the memories which are inseparably associated
with it the veterans very naturally declined to contest
the Mayor's action or even to denounce it. Their
course was right, for in the celebration of that day
there should be no scandals. No spitefulness of a
vindictive popinjay in office should b^ permitted to
mar the decorum of the ceremonies. The public,
however, will pass judgment upon the incident. If
every man who in the exercise of his rights and his
intelligence found reason for opposing some clause
of the charter is to be ranked by the Mayor as an
"enemy" and punished for it, those who are thus
placed under condemnation and shut out from even
honorary positions in the city will have good cause
to recall the Mayor's once loud spoken pledge that all
citizens should be treated fairly under his administra
tion, and ask if that is another of his many promises
which were made to get votes and with intent to de
ceive.
After the Railroad Commissioners heard all the evi
dence in the Fresno rate case and gave a decision on
it, the matter has still to go to the courts for trial,
and thus we have another proof that the commission
is of no use even when it tries to be.
THE INFLUX OF JAPANESE.
REPORTS from Washington concerning the im
migration of Japanese into the United States
show that the warning of The Call was not
uttered without cause, nor was it given one day
sooner than necessary. The number of immigrants
is rapidly increasing and has' already reached a point
that renders it dangerous to the welfare of American
labor in all parts of the Pacific Coast.
In response to a resolution of the Senate, the Sec
retary of the Treasury submitted on Friday statistics
obtained from the Commissioner General of the
Immigration Bureau, showing that 2230 Jap
anese laborers arrived in 1898, 3395 in 1885,
and for the ten months ¦ ending April 30 of
this year 7181. These figures indicate only those
who have come direct to the United States
from Japan, but do not embrace those reaching this
country via Canada. How many there are coming
.in this way the department does not know, but the
Commissioner expresses the opinion that the number
is large. The opinion is expressed that there will be
large increases the coming year. He states that strict
examination is made to prevent the entrance of la
borers under contract.
Such is the record, and no intelligent man can give
it a moment of serious consideration without pe_>
ceiving the menace implied in the figures. Two years
ago the immigration was less than 3000, and now it
has reached such proportions that the number coming
direct to the United States during this fiscal year may
reach 10,000. When to these are added the numbers
of those who are smuggled into the country across the
Canadian line, it will be evident that it is time to call
a halt.
Fortunately the people have become aroused on the
subject, and the attention of Congress has been di
rected to the evil. When The Call sounded its first
warnings of the impending danger it pointed out
the best means to be taken to provide the required
remedy. Our treaties with Japan must be revised,
and the authorities at Washington have been urged to
take steps to that end. The attention which the Sen
ate is giving to the subject shows that the efforts of
The Call to put a stop to the immigration have been
well received. In the meantime it is gratifying that
the labor unions and workingmen generally have be
come interested in the campaign and are bringing
their influence to bear. Immigration fiom Japan is
in many respects more to be feared than immigration
from China, and should be placed under equally
strong restrictions.
It may be a good scheme to administer the gov
ernment of Cuba until the people are capable of ad
ministering it themselves, but it is to be regretted
that the first object lesson in government. which we
have given them is that of looting the Postoffice De
partment.
The persons who .intended to go to Cape Nome,
but had their tickets stolen, may yet have cause to
give thanks to the thief. There is such a thing as
being robbed of an opportunity to get into trouble.
. Kaiser William has given orders for another drama
to be written displaying the greatness of the Hohen
zollern family, and it. is now a question whether he
is elevating the stage or bulldozing it.
If Baden-Powell wishes anything in the British em
pire all he has to do is to ask for it.
SUNDAY MAY 20, 1900
~JOHN L>. bPRtXKELS. Proprietor.
*dd-ess A'l Communica ions to W. S. LEAKE. Maraer^
PUBLICATION OFFICK..MnrV<»t nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Sits In IMS*?-
KUITOIIIAL 11OO51S. . . .217 tn 221 Stevennon St.
1V)e?|tlione Mafn 1>»74.
Delivered l»> Carrier*. 13 Onl« Ter IVeelt.
Mn«lo Copies. 5 Cent*.
Ternrn by Mall. Including I'ontnsrei
DJULT CAI^L ilnclu.ilr.g Sunday), on* yar »»-w>
DAILY CALL ilncludlriR Pundayt. « menths «-w
DAILY <\\I-L Mnclu'linK Sunday). 3 months *¦?¦
DAILY CALtf-By Sir^lo Month }*£.
HNJ>AY CALL Ow Ylar *•*"
WEEKLY CALL One Year IOJ
All pontran»ter« nrr nnthorlied to receive
nuliKrrlptlon*.
Eamr'e ccpiea T.iil l>e forwarded when re<^ue«ted.
OAKLAND OFFICE J« s Broadivay
C GEORGE KROGNtSS,
t/sr.a^e' Fo-e'g-i Adverthinr, Varquette Hi/'ding. Chicago.
(Lone Distance T*-l*>rh->n« "Central 2613."')
KEW YOIUC CVlUtES PON" DENT:
C C. CAR^TO>i Herald Square
NEW TORK REPREPENTATira:
STEPriE?^ B. SMITH 30 Tr.bune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fhprrr.^n House; P. O. 2C«va Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fren:<-nt Hcute; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
VaKorf-Aftoria Hotel; A. Brenta.no. 21 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. _____
In view of this history, it is very interesting to hear
a Democrat advocate the expenditure of two billions
of dollars to secure the election of Bryan by pledging
the party to a vast scheme of internal improvements.
Considered in the light of principle his proposition
that the Democratic party shall spend two bil
lions of dollars on internal improvements ex
cites interest. It carries one back to the wild
warfare made *by that party on the Whigs who
proposed to do some very modest improv
ing in that line. They were attacked by the
Democrats as violators of the constitution, destroy
ers of the liberties of the people, robbers of the treas
ury and everything else criminal. When the old
national road was projected by the Whigs, before the
age of railways, it was denounced as an imperialist
scheme to make it easy to move armies to subdue the
people. That road crossed the Alleghanies, following
the line of Braddock's march to his defeat and death
near Fort Duquesne. and thence projected westward
across Ohio and Indiana. Not only was it opposed
by the Democrats, but when railways were shown to
be practical the same party opposed them. They
could be built only by use of the right of eminent do
main to condemn the right of way. The Democracy,
from New Hampshire to Ohio, opposed this and
fought it to a finish. Had that party had its way this
country, as far as internal communication is con
cerned, would have been in exactly the same condi
tion as China, with its population congested on the
coasts and watercourses.
Every student of American politics has believed that
the election of Bryan would be a pretty tough job,
but hardly any one thought it as tough a job as it
appears to this gentleman, who thinks it will require
a bribe of two billions of dollars.
billion, so that this Democrat is of the opinion tha;
the offer to disburse two billions of dollars among
the people will be necessary to elect Colonel Bryan
and will accomplish that object.
He does not at present go into details. All people
not fit to receive the gift of homes are to be deported.
He does not say who will judge of their fitness, or
where we will send them when deported. But of one
thing he is sure. He says: "Labor demands employ
ment, merchants demand trade, and the farmer de
mands a good price for his produce, and they are not
scrupulous as to the policy that brings it about.
Paradoxical as it may seem in this Christian age. we
have reached a stage where one man's death means
another man's life. Expenditures on the extravagant
scale I propose will reproduce the conditions of the
period 1S64-72."
After this large and free expression of judgment as
to the sentiments of the people, this Bryanite pro
poses his programme. He wants the Democratic
party to borrow and spend five hundred millions in
putting a levee on both sides of the Mississippi River
from New Orleans to St. Paul, and another five hun
dred millions in reclaiming arid lands, to be given tr»
all people for homes who deserve homes, all others
to be immediately deported. While these two projects
are going on he desiies the Government to build a
military highway from Portland, Me., to Portland,
Or. What this highway is to be, a railway or a
bicycle track, he does not say. Nor does he tell us
why it is necessary to connect the two Portlands, in
stead of building the road from Skaneateles to Mil
pitas. It is supposed that this road will cost another
A PROMINENT Democrat in Washington City
is out with an affirmative policy which he is
sure will carry the country. He says: "What
the people want is business, and they are not over
particular whether it comes from famine, pillage,
war or external or internal development. Therefore
the only course open to the Democratic party is a
policy of internal extravagance. I am a firm believer
in the Chicago platform, and particularly in its silver
plank. But the people have tasted the sweets of re
vived trade and will be loth to give them up. The
Democratic party cannot meet this by just denuncia
tion. It must oiler a substitute. Even ship subsidy
expenditures are better than none at all. The people
not only favor but demand large public expenditures,
legitimate if possible, but illegitimate if necessary."
fJ BRY0N PLflN.
"WHERE IS THAT BOG?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
TO DESTROY SNAILS— J. B.. Fruit
vale, Cal. Cabbage leaves, if placed at
night In garden bods where there are
snails, will be found to have, when turned
EELS— A. S., City. The eel lays its eggs
like most all other flsh and like the lam
prey it spawns only once and dies. The
eels which descend to estuaries or the sea
deposit their eggs there and young eels
ascend the river3 in spring:. Those eels
which cannot migrate to tnefsea, breed in
inland rivers and lakes.
REPELIER— H. S., City. "Repelier."
the name of a hotel in thia city, was the
surname of a gentleman who resided In
Pennsylvania a number of years ago, and
for, whom a hotel in that State was
named.
POLL. TAX— P. M., Fairmount, Cal. The
statement that poll tax was abolished in
California is not correct. The constitu
tion provides that poll tax shall be col
lected and that clause holds until It is
repealed by vote of the people.
bear a mint mark were coined at the Phil
adelphia or parent mint. Such do not
command a premium.
WITHOUT MINT MARK-A Subscrib
er, City. The dimes of 1894 that do not
PATENTS-J. O. D., City. In the classi
fied part of the city directory you will
find the names of the local patent agents.
SENATORS AND ASSEMBLTMEN-F.
M. L.. City. In San Francisco there are
nine State Senators and eighteen Assem
blymen.
ARMY STRENGTH- P. P. B., Oakland.
Cal. Prior to the war with Spain the
strength of the army of the United States
was 27,532.
SHARKEY-McCOY FIGHT— P. XV.,
Newark, Cal. The Sharkey-McCoy flght
in New York, January 10, 1899, ended In
the tenth round.
WHERE SHARKET TRAINED— F. W..
| Newark, Cal. Tom Sharkey trained at the
ocean beach at the time he was getting
ready to meet Bob Fltzsimmcns.
SAN FRANCISCO DIMES— J. M. & C,
San Jose, Cal. There Is no premium for
dimes minted in San Francisco since 1S90,
except for the twenty-four minted in the
year 1894.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
STEAMER CHINA— F. "W., Newark.
Cal. The steamer China of the Pacific
Mail measures in length 440 feet.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Judge S. Solon Holl of Sacramento is
a guest at the Grand.
William S. Sims, an attorney of Sacra
mento, is at the' Grand.
Dr. H. G. Bayless and Dr. W. A. Hen
dryx'of Los Angeles are at the Palace.
Baron Leo von Rosenberg of New York,
who is interested in California mines, is
at the Palace.
Dr. J. H. Llndsey of Fall River, Mass.,
is at the Palace.
F. M. Hatch of Honolulu, former Mlnia
ter under the Hawaiian Government to the
United States, and his wife are at the
Occidental.
Oliver Morosco, manager of the Los An
geles Opera-house, is a guest at the Oc
cidental.
Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas returned yes
terday from an extended trip in the East
and is registered at the Occidental.
W. C. Patterson, a -well-known business
man of Los Angeles, and wife are at the
Occidental.
Dr. John J. Gallagher, formerly autopsy
surgeon at the Morgue, but who for near
ly two years has been pursuing special
studies In the hospitals and clinics of New
York City and who was just preparing to
go to Europe, arrived in San Francisco
yesterday, having been called home by
the impending death of his father.
CAXIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May 19.-Dr. Stark and
wife of Oakland and J. A. Woodward and
wife of San Francisco are at the St.
James; W. D. Case and wife of Los An
geles and H. W. Scale of. San Francisco
are at the Arlington.
; "Have you i lived very Ions In the sub
urbs?"
"Not bo very long; only about fourteen
cooks."— Brooklyn Lifo.
The Son— Here are some college bills I
haven't paid, governor.
The Father— But what have you done
with that last check I sent you?
"Oh. that enabled me to leave town."—
Life.
Special information supplied dally tf>
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 519 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 : . •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib atTownsend'a.'
A shopkeeper wrote to one of his cus
tomers as follows: "I am able to offer
you cloth like the enclosed sample at half
a crown a yard. In case I do not hear
from you I shall conclude that you wish
to pay only two shilling a yard. In or
der to lose no tim<» I accept the last
mentioned price."— Tit-Bits.
Commercial Enterprise.
OLD COINS AND OTHERS— Sample 20c
or J5 for 100 booklets, giving valuations of
coins. R. F. Elllston. P. O. box 2076. •
Chicago consumers of oranges once
fancied that Florida oranges were supe
rior to those of California, and there was
some reason for this fancy, but when,
seventeen years ago, plants of the Wash
ington navel variety were imported by
the Government from Australia and sent
out to the young colony of Indianians ai
Klverside, Cal., and the plants grew ana
matured, a different complexion was put ¦
on the affair. Groves of the new variety
multiplied and throve amazingly, and
after a few years there was nothing to bt
said against California oranges. The only
embarrassment was that enough could
not be obtained. . .
Happily, as well for the growers in that
State as for the lovers of the fruit in the
East, at the time of greatest scarcity of
oranges in Florida the "navels" were
abundant and in their prime on the young
trees in Riverside and a score of other fa
vored places. Florida is now turning its
attention more than before "the great
freeze" to the cultivation of the ruling
kind under the setting sun. and after a
few years the people will have the ad
vantage that comes from competition.
The end of the season for early oranges
will be in another week or ten days, and
nearly all the shipments have been re
ceived The principal dealers report that
during the season 434.400 boxes of oranges
have come into this market from Cali
fornia alone. They have not, of course,
all been consumed here, but the great
majority have been. The average quality
has been very high.
Skillful horticulturists, assisting na
ture have by extreme attention and
scientific selection of fertilizers greatly
improved both the appearance and the
flavor of the oranges grown there. They
have made some of them earlier by two
months than formerly they were. For
last Thanksgiving there were Califor
nlas" in this market of a very good color.
Before this year if oranges from that
auarter had been received here for Christ
mas It was thought to be doing remark
ably well. . . ¦ '"' '<j~
California now has practically a mo
nopoly of this market for its oranges,
cherries and grapes of the best varieties.
Until seven years ago Florida had the
preference here for its oranges. The frost
then killed nearly every grove in that
State, and after two years. Just when the
afflicted inhabitants were plucking up
courage to .plant trees anew, there came
another severe frost and deterred many.
Ever since, however, the new settings
have been untouched by the winter cold,
and Florida is once more to be congrat
ulated upon the prospect it has, accord
ing to recent reports, of gathering at
least 1,000,000 boxes of oranges next year.
But Chicago dealers in this fruit say
that the Florida crop will have to be
three or four times larger than that be
fore many "Indian Rivers" will be seen
in this market. The bulk of them will be
shipped by water to New York. This last
winter there has been a small trade of
the kind, but only fifty carloads have
been received here, while possibly, it is
said, 200 carloads have gone to New York.
Chicago Chronicle.
CALIFORNIA ORfJNGES.
OUR PRODUCTS ATTRACT ATTENTION.
It is therefore more than probable that
California will forge to the front as a
manufacturing State, and her location at
the gateway to the Orient highly favors
such a probability.
California has always been thought of
mostly as a fruit and general produce
State, with a record for gold mining in
days gone by. When the subject of its
future as a manufacturing State was
broached it seemed a foregone conclusion
that that was among the impossibilities,
for nowhere in the Golden State has coal
been found in quantities worth mention-
Ing as a commercial factor. Recently
there have been wonderful and wide
spread discoveries of oil— mostly fuel oil,
though illuminating oil has been found
and Is produced in goodly quantities.
California has been producing oil for
many years. Some of the wells have
been pumping steadily for as long as
twenty-five years, aryj recently the inter
est has become very much more general.
The increased production has been suf
ficiently large to assure fuel users that
they would be safe in making such altera
tions as are necessary to use oil instead
of coal. The Santa Fe Railroad has al
tered all its engines used on its California
lines, and now uses fuel oil only, and
saves 17 per cent in cost as compared with
coal. Big buildings in Los Angeles have
given up using coal and are able to heat
their structures for less than half of the
cost of coal. Traction engines and other
such like machinery are run by this fuel,
and the owners state that not only
is it a great saving in the Cost of fuel, but
it saves the cost of transporting weight
and also saves the wages .of the man who
used to have to be employed as a fireman,
as thfe oil runs into the firebox without a
stoker's assistance.
One of the peculiarities of the develop
ments in California is the fact that the
Increased production has not decreased
the going price of oil, nor do large pro
ducers find any difficulty in readily selling
their oil. This will be understood when
one considers that such a great concern
as the Union Iron Works of San Francisco
takes 20,000 barrels a month and uses them
for fuel, while at Redding one large
smelter company is building a storage
tank to hold 125.000 barrels of oil, for use
instead of coal in the furnaces.
In casting up the value of Colorado's
many resources It is the custom to speak;
of our coal, gold, silver, copper, agricul
tural lands, railroad interests, etc., but
very rarely do we take any interest in the
value of the oil discoveries within the bor
ders of our State. Tet the value of these
has been accentuated most markedly of
late by the oil excitement that now exists
in California, from the bay of Frisco clear
down to San Diego.
Denver Times.
CALIFORNIA OIL.
GREEK-TURKISH PEACE-H. C. M..
Bodega, Cal. The treaty of peace between
Greece and Turkey was slsned September
18. 1897. It provided that the Turco-Greek
frontier should be rectified. Greece to pay
a war indemnity of H7.000.000, evacuate
Thessaly; prisoners of war to be ex
changed after signing of treaty: full am
nesty to all who might have been compro
mised by the war; subjects of either coun
try to move In the other's country; riRhts
of immigration and emigration; Greece to
pay $4,400,00) for crivate losses; to avoid
abuse of consular immunities; secure a
regular course of jtiatice; safeguard to
Ottomans and foreigners In their differ
ences with Greek subjects; the Porte to
have the right to submit proposals for
settling questions arising from stipula
tions of the convention of 1SS1 to the pow
ers to act, -whose decision Greece must
accept; re-establishment of postal and
telegraph relations and neither to tolerate
proceedings which would lead to disturb
ances.
A LEASE— M. G. B., City. Whether a
lease can be transferred to another party
by the holder depends upon the conditions
of the document. It Is safest for a party
who desires to purchase a place of busi
ness, the owner of which has a lease on
the premises in which such business is
conducted, to ascertain from the landlord
If it Is agreeable to him that there be a
transfer.
In the mornlngr, a number of the pests at
tached to the Inner side. The leaves can
be collected and the snails destroyed. To
keep snails out of garden beds surround
the beds with flve-inch board, covered
with a composition of train oil and soot.
The snails will not pass such a barrier.
— nOCKY MOUNTAIN NEWS.
18
AUCTION SALES.
By S. \Vatkir.f»— Monday. May 21. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
Twelfth a!>j Harrtiscn etr^ts.
I3y S. V.'atkins— ThurF-iay. May U, at 11 o'clock. Carriage
ar.I \\"aeon Repository, at 114? Fulsora etreet.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDQlNO PUMPS
tfW\f\CXX "Were successful at Nome last
l\l\V?V7n year. All cthfrs failed. In open-
tlon dally. 3 Stevenson St.. 3. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In operation dally, £23 Sixth Street
BYRON JACKSON.
DREDGING PUMPS.
Onr centrlfUKal pumps are goln* to Cape Xorne.
are you? Bstter buy one: Just the-p«rap for
(Travel; has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
OARRATT A CO.. cor. Fremont and Xatoma.
D^EDOI^a PLMP5.'
Oil, Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps,
Engrines&Bollers. HendyMach.AVks., 40 Fremont.
% ARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or «alt water for slulc* boxes:
high or low lifts. SIMOXDS. 33 Market st.
E' GINES.
In stock, steam, (cas. jrasollne: full line: nifrs.
price*. American Mfrs. Assn., 20 Fremont.
GOI.O SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL G"ld Savin? Machine. 220 Fol3om
st. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
~ SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion sluice saves sold: competi-
tion Invited. 173S lith st., corner Guerrero.
PLATES TOO SAVINO GOLo.
Schaezletn & Burrldee, 3 Hardle place, oft
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush streets.
SILVER-PLATED MININO PLATES.
GET them at Dennlston'a Saa Francisco Plat-
ing Works. K2 Mission st.
SILVER-PLATED AMALGAM PLATFS.
F. W. BELL, Central Platlne Works, 852 Mis-
sion st., S. F. Phone Jessie 331.
TANKS.
TANKS — Pacific Tank Co.. manufacturers. 33
Beale at.. S. F. ; Z\i 5. 2d st., L03 Angeles.
PORTABLE ' OUSES.
BURNHAM-STAN'DEFOItD CO., Washington
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. 9. F.
OROCEOIES.
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shipped
free. SBAREORO & CO.. 821 Montgomery.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO »£££«.
LTQUORS.
WHICFV BLATZ BEER, Bethesda Water.
TT 111 JlV I CAHEN &. SON. 41S Sacramento st.
WHISKY.
RTTNTFU BYF christt a wise commis-
11 till La A IE* s > on Co., 327-C9 Sansoia* at.
TJvcl:— "The tVlzard of the Nile."
Grand Oi«ia-ho\if«-'Th* I^ady Slavey."
Alcizar— "Walster cf Wood Barrow."
OlX&etna — Vaudeville.
Cli;ral.i»— "The Evil Eye."
California— "The Arnazcns."
Olympic, corner ilitsyn and Eddy etreeta — Specialties.
Chute*. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•vei: '.!i£.
Flsofcer's Concert House— "Faust."
Kapp Company Concert Hall — Vaudeville.
j:ecreation Park — Baseball.
iilen I*ark — Balloon Ascenrloa.
Villon Coursing l'ark— Oours'.nr to-day.
lr.fzr!es;1<? Coursinsc Park— Cuurslnc to-<Iay.
Putro Itatlie— Open niclits.
AMUSEM.ENTS.Miss Passe (archly)— How long do you
think a man ought to know a girl before
proposing?
Mr. Ciubleigh— All his life.— Somervllle
Journal. »-.» •¦. <
Teacher— Why did you behave so bad
ly and make me keep you after school?
Bright Boy— 'Cause there's a big boy who
Is going to lick me when I go home. — Har
per's Bazar.
How He Came to Do It.
Her head rested on his shoulder and
her little hand lay confidingly in his.
"Tell me now, Alfred." said the happy
maiden, "how you ever came to pick me
out as the girl you wanted to marry?"
"Well, Dora." replied the ecstatic younj
man. In a gush of confidence, "It was
maw that put me up to it."— Chlcabo
Tribune.
Any fool with money shows up well on
the retina of a woman's eye.
$2 50 ladles* shoes for $1 50 a pair at the
Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market street,"
near Third.
Table Mountain Ropeway.
The ropeway located at Table Mountain
is an Important example of a line 52S0 feet
long. It consists of a single fixed rope on
which one carriage is drawn to and fro
with an endless hauling rope, the driving
gfar having reversing motion so that the
direction of travel of the carrier can be
controlled. Commencing at sea level, and
following the ground on posts spaced
about 300 feet apart, the cable takes a
span of 1500 feet, rising to a projecting
rock some 14S0 feet above the starting
point. Resting on a support at this point.
the cable again takes a span of 1400 feet
to an upper terminal 220) feet above the
lower one. This ropeway has worked so
satisfactorily that It is not only used for
the carriage of materials employed in the
construction of a reservoir, but is at
times used for passengers. — Engineering
Magazine,
B. Hall have been ordered to Honolulu
to reorganize the postal system in the Ha
waiian Islands. The Hawaiian postoffice
system will not be attached to that of San
Francisco as is that of the Philippines, but
will be managed from Washington, D. C,
as &n independent system. Mr. Hail left
yesterday on the America Maru. Mr.
Flint will leave on the next steamer.
To Reorganize Hawaiian Postofflce.
Pcstoftice Inspectors M. H. Flint and H
R. C. Jenkins, a well-dressed man, who
has been representing himself as an East
ern agent for fruit dryers, has been pass-
Ing worthless checks on saloon-keepers,
and the police are searching for him.
"William Ftnnigan. proprietor of a saloon
on Larkin street and Golden Gate avenue,
swore out a warrant for his arrest before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday on the charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
He had borrowed J5 from Finnigan. and
later gave him a check for $2w on the
First National Bank, receiving the bal
ance of $15. When the check was pre
sented at the bank it was dishonored.
Hllbert Brothers, Powell and Ellis streets,
have also been victimized by Jenkins.
Traded on His Appearance,
The Italian Bersaglieri Mutual Benevo
lent Society has petitioned the Superior
Court for leave to sell the association
property at Union and Stockton streets.
The directors of the association set forth
that the property^ is mortgaged for $23,000,
and it is for the Best interests of the asso
ciation that it be sold.
COURT NOTES.
"Well. sir. it was true, and you never
saw two such sheepish-looking fellows as
that Boston copper and yours truly. The
other man laughed until he got tired and
then recalled to my mind the episode of
the $C0O loan, aftt-r which he wrote me a
check for principal and Interest to date.
He Is still alive and prospering, by tho
wav. and I see him almost every time I
go North. He likes to introduce me a*
the man he tried to bunko." — Xew Or
leans Times-Democrat.
"On the spur of the moment I could
remember nothing of the kind, and was so
eure the chap w.i? a crook I beckoned to
a policeman. 'This is a bunko-steerer," I
said, -who has just tried to rope me in.
You'd better take care of him.' 'All right,'
paid the officer, 'but you'll have to come
up to the station with us to prefer the
charce.* To my surprise the man made
no protest, and we started off. followed
by a considerable crowd. Two blocks be
low our prisoner stopped before a fine
building. 'I am vice president of this
bank.' he said, quietly. 'Suppose we step
In for a moment.'
you can take some money.' he said laugh
ing. "You once made me a little loan in
New Orleans, and I want to pay it back.'
"During the occupation of New Orleans
by the Federals." said an old citizen in a
story-telling mood, "I made the ac
quaintance of a very agreeable Massa
chusetts man who was not In the army,
but who was an intimate friend of Gen
eral Butler. One day he hunted me up
and asked, without much preface, for a
loan of JSuo. I couldn't well spare the
money, but. through motives of policy, I
let him have it. He went awav. promis
ing to return toe amount within a cer
tain time. and. as I anticipated. I heard
nothing further from him. Now, under
ordinary circumstances," continued the
old citizen. "JOOj was not a sifm I waa
apt to forget, but I had regarded the loan
as lost from the outset, ar.d in the troub
lous times that followed the incident
passed out of my mind.
"For over a dozen years I don't believe
I ever recalled it once. In 15. >, or there
about — I forget the exact date-^-I had oc
casion to go to Boston, and while walking
along Tremont street was suddenly ac
costed by a well-dressed middle-aged
man. whose face was wholly strange to
me. *Isn"t this Mr. So-and-So of New Or
leans?* hf exclaimed, grasping me by the
hand. 'Yes.' I replied, cautiously, for
that was exactly the way the papers de
scribed bunko-steerers as addressing their
victims, 'what can I da for you?' 'Why,
stances and After Many Years,
But It Was Under Queer Circum-
DEBT PAID AT EAST.
Diminishing 1 Dread of Earthquakes
in California.
The damage caused by earthquake in
the San Jacinto Valley proves that the
shock, was sevci *r, but it will not start
the Californians to emigrating. They
have ceased to fear earthquakes, reserv
ing all their terrors for the thunderstorms
of the East, which they do not have, and
leave It to the delightfully frightened
tourist to revel in his novel experience
and tell his tale of hair-breadth 'scapes
when he shall have returned home.
Both in California and Hawaii the usual
"seismic disturbance" Is entirely harm
less until it gets to disturbing the imagi
nation. Then it promotes unveracitv, and
the conservators of the truth and land
values in those parts are kept busy deny
ing and rit^cullng: sensational stories.
Among old residents there is no appre
hension, because not a year goes by that
a chance is not given them to realize how
little danger there Is in the average
shock. Moreover, the diminishing effect
upon the public mind Is demonstrated
most conclusively in the very practical
matter of building.
When the Palace Hotel was erected in
San Francisco a quarter of a century ago
there was still considerable uneasiness
over earthquakes, which was reflected in
the plans of the architects. Immense
foundations were provided for and thick
pyramidal walls, which were designed to
give the greatest possible power of re
sistance. Furthermore, in spite of these
extraordinary precautions. It was not
deemed prudent to carry the vast struc
ture above some seven or eight stories
But the precedent is now completely
Ignored. Stone and brick, once prohibited
materials, are freely used without any
special means of security, and the steel
framed sky-scraper is a common s'ght In
the city. Cosmopolitan San Francisco
goes serenely on its way as though such
a thing as a seismic wave had never been
heard of.
Of course such a working out of the
theory of probabilities would not satisfy
the man who never wound his watch for
fear he would break the spring. Towns
have been swallowed up through the ac
tion of earthquakes and others may b«».
But It is clear that the policy of th*» Cali
fornians is dictated by the rules of com
mon sense. For it would be absurd to
forego the most profitable use of property
on the remote chance of a disaster which
Is never likely to occur. — Chicago Times-
Herald.
Deleg-ates to the Grand Circle. Ladies* I
Auxiliary of the Foresters
cf America.
The thirteenth annual session of the j
Grar.d Circle cf California. Companions of j
t :-.<:• Forest of America, will open in the j
city of Oakland on June 6. Forty circles ;
c: the order will be represented by fifty- j
• : • delegates, who will pass upon the
various nets and reports cf gTarvd officers
end of the executive committee. During
: year two new circles have teen insti- j
I ¦ =.— Vebano No. te in Oakland and !
Martha Washington No. -C5 in San Fran- j
clsco. The totai membership of the order j
1- the United States Is S7.3S1. of which ',
California has 1*00. The net gain in this j
Btate v.-as E5 ar.d the net gain in funds j
was S2O.
Mrs*. Kate Apfe of Merced. a.t present
grar.d cub-chief, is in line of promotion j
for the off.ce of grand chief companion |
and is the enly one named at this time ;
for that position. Miss Agnes D. Bremer. }
the Incumbent grand flr.ancial secretary-. ;
v.:ll be a candidate for re-election if there i
U r.o action In the session to remove the •
cSce from Aiameda to this city, iliss ;
Alice Ticoulet, grand treasurer, has been ;
mentioned as a possible candidate for the •
c'n. • ol pr&nd sub-chief companion.
\ ' umber of amendments to the consu- i
vl'i- a and iaws have already been sub- ,
Bitted, but none of these involve any raa- |
teal change.
Th* committee on entertainment in
Oakland has made arrangements to care
for the delegates ar.d grand officers dur-
Ing the session of the Grar.d Ctrt 5. On j
Wednesday. June 6, there will be a ball i
tnd on the following night a banQuet.
The grand otSeers are:
Past grand chief couipanions-J Ca'.mann. j
XU*. E. A. CaraX Tttenaa Bew*U. Mrs. L^ At-
Crood Mr* M. A. Duke. Mrs. E. Harrington, j
I -a \V. Cobura. San Frar.cl*eo; ilifs A. IX Br«
r cr Alarnedi. Grand chief coir.paniCTi. Mrs. F.
Jacob*, tan Frasc.eo; *ub-chie* companion, i
Mr* K. Ape*. Itoced; financial secretary. Mlsa
A ~D Bremer. Aliirie.Ja; mcriir-g secretary. :
Srs. L. Atwood. Saa Frascisco; treasurer Mi.-e j
A'ice TiCi-^kt San Francisco: marsnai. A. 11. :
Van-. WatBonvttle: ripht rulde. Miss May |
IiiiltT.'San Fr»rjrU=o: lett ru:4e, M!*» J. Aust. ,
f an Bt«*o: :r.n^r *ruard. Mi-«« J. V\ orkurka. j
Pasta Barbara: <.uter ?uar<i. Mrs. M. Nelehan. j
pctatsaa; wrantot, Mrs. W. J. Dooloa. t-sri j
Francisco. Tru«^»— Mr?. J. W. Shaffer. Kern i
«-<!>; Mrs. R. K^n-r- Van Ee. £*n Francisco;]
Sir*. A. L»a.v:s. Oakland.
The delegates to the Grand Circle are: !
£v;n Frarcitco eirctoh- &cd«ier No. 2. Mi«s <
M UcMurrar. Jin. E. N. trr.ith; Bay City Xo.
XI Mr* L. Mark* Mrs. H. \Vor=«: Diana No. j
2* •'.=,« Kai«? l>ri*coll; Golden Gate Xo. 23.
JIenr.ar. Kohn. Mi^s J. Sena; I>3r-Ie>- N'o. ZS. ,
Mr>. «'. JIulier; Live Oak No. S9. Sirs. B. Har- i
r s Stre J U'cisei; Robin Hood So.ti. Mrs. M.
Parr. Mrs. L. T.couiet; Mizpah No. 108. Mrs.
<i!b6cn; OoMeo Era No. 103. II. Levy: Bonita '
No. 10*. Mr*. A. Miller; Pride of the Forest No.
SM Mrs 1 Ji hn Btrr^r; Inter No* No. 215. Mrs.
J.. ileycrt-. Sirs. C. Fa*hoM; San Francisco No.
1 " M:5* Hary F. Feye; Pre?:d!o No. 2O. Mrs.
V.\ J. Dootoe; Palo Alto No. :2S, Mi£* Pauline
Aaroc. Itiis <"arr.«r Harri»; Ferruccio No. CI.
i'iss Lydia gchenone.
Alarce<J&— Hsrr.Iet No. M. Mlsa Marias Men
teL
Arre'.s Carr.? — Mar.zar.lta No. 2TS. Miss [
Frankie Trycn.
hico-Pnde of Butte No. rs. F. M. Edgar. |
Krrri Ctty^-JtutBlta No. J2£, Krt. S. 1*. Pa-
< *l>^f Ualoa Xo. 4^— Mm. Rubr Omr
ter Kn J- H. Kriir.sair.rer.
lJr:,;<>o-La. Pur:?is:a No. C". Miss little
B Mr^ r »vU'e— Tuba No. 101. Miss Sarah F".nn*
ea t^S^m edloS N i^ No. XX. Mr,. Mary j
B. FVort. j
AMERICAN COMPANIONS
TO MEET IN OAKLAND
Nevaia City— Freedom So. 1CS. ilr«. Liirle
Oakland— Oakland No. 3. D. II. Lewln; Loyal
No. 322. Mrs. Ray Cohen.
Oro\-l!le— Orar.ee Blossom No. 166. Mrs. Lena
Faul. Miss Anna Peter.
Petaluraa— American Xo. 155. Mrs. Hattle
Caviaiueh. Mrs. M. A. Carr.
5aiir.as— Santa Lucia No. 453. Mra. Laura
Davis.
Sen Diero— Silver Gate No. 271. Cfcarlea W.
A«st, Frank X. Wallace.
Sar.ti Ana— Fidelity No. ?70. C S. Fox. Mrs.
S. E. Ellis.
Banta Barten-Ocean View Xo. 2S3. Mra.
Phoebe Eaten. '
Santa Bcsa— Tfce Ro*« No. 455, Mrs. Rosa
Poaora— Sonora No. 263. Miss H, M. Morris.
M'.ss W. S. Prowse. „
Stockton— Stockton No. 130. Mrs. R. N. Kalck.
Wawmville— Pajaro Valley Rose No. 2:37. Miss
Jcsie Rp£;e.
Woodland— Marguerite No. 209. Miss Nellie
Krelltnberr.
YONE NOGUCHI
WILL GO EAST
THE 'Japanese poet Tone Isoguchl will
leave San Francisco early this week
for Washington, D. C. He will be
the guest of Charles Warren Stod
dard on his arrival in the capital city,
where he intends staying for some
months.
Mr. Noguchl's two little volumes of
verse, "The Voice of the Valley" and
"Seen and Unseen," the "monologues of
a homeless snail." which were published
in San Francisco three or four years ago,
created no little attention on their ap
pearance. Charles Warren Stoddard, GU
ette Burgess and Porter Garnett, who un
dertook the prefacing of the poems, spoke
in terms or warmest admiration of the
young singer from the Orient, ranking
very high hia poetic faculty. A mert
youth of 20, struggling with the most
difficult literary' form in an unfamiliar
tongue, Noguchi's venture was awaited
with much interest and curiosity among
the literary folk. A small but genuine
succes d'estime greeted the -little volumes
among the poets and litterati of both
East and \\ est, and great things were
prophesied for the Oriental poet. This
promise as yet remains unfulfilled, Mr.
Nojruchl having confined his literary et
forts since that time to his own language.
It Is understood that the English poem
will again claim his attention in his East
ern home.
the value of the Canadian minerals has
increased fivefold. In last year's total
is Included Jlo.Ow.OOO of Klondike gold and
the gold total was $21,049,730. Gold is the
foremost mineral and coal the second,
amounting last year to $&,040,05$.
The rumor that the "Utica Mining Com
pany will attempt to get possession of a
part of the townsite of Angels has led
to an investigation of the original sur
veys. The Calaveras Prospect says that
the Confidence mine was located by John
Fletcher and others in the early days and
that it was marked off on the townsite
map as the Confidence mine and so ap
pears in the field notes of the survey.
The title to the ground has never been
relinquished, but has been kept up by
the performance of annual assessment
work by the heirs of Mr. Fletcher. The
great majority of the mines within An
gels townsite are held in the same way,
notably the Utica, the Raspberry and
many other valuable properties.
Trinity County has won in live separ
ate cases Involving the taxes for the year
VSA on mining properties. Suits wero
brought by C. W. Smith. Robert Wood-
Lurn, La Grange Hydraulic Gold Mining
Company, the lirown Bear Mining Com
pany and the AUoona Quicksilver Mining
Company, respectively, to set aside in
creases in assessments of the properties
of the parties named, amounting to $160,
750, that had been ordered by the County
Beard of Equalization. Judge Jones, in
the Superior Court in Trinity County, da
citied that the plaintiffs must pay the
taxes. The matter may be tried in the
Supreme Court on appt-al.
The Shasta Electric Light and Power
Company has been incorporated under
the laws of West Virginia, with capital
stock of 5I.0uu.O00, divided into lw.ouO
shares at 510 each. The directors are:
Charles A. Warren, Charles E. Green.
Fred S. Edlinger and Fred S. Knight, all
of San Francisco. The works may be
turning wheels in Shasta County mines
before the end of the present year.' This
la what is known as the Sprout plant,
tne construction work on the McCloud
River above Baird being under his
charge. .
The suits and counter suits over the
Anaconda and St. Lawrence mines are le
gion. On one side is the Amalgamated
Copper Company and on the other the
Montana Ore Purchasing Company and
F \_ Heinze. The property Involved is
roughly valued at 51<w.O0u.C>0O. The receiv
ership suit which has lately -come into
court at Butte is the outcome of Heinze's
claim for Ji.Ow.OOO for trespass and dam
age to the Copper Trust mine, which he
owns The Copper Trust claim is a small,
triangular piece of ground lying between
the Anaconda and the St. Lawrence. Ow
ing to loose engineering methods the ex
istence of this fraction was unknown until
Heinze appeared upon the scene and dis
covered it.
About sixty men are employed in the
new mining district west of Gazelle, In
Shasta Valley, most of them In the Dewey
mine. Many other claim holders, says the
Yreka Journal, intend to start work In
the same district as soon as the new road
connecting with the Gazelle and Calla
han's wagon road is finished, so that sup
plies can b« hauled.
Work on the Dane and Mitchell mines,
near Pine Grove. Amador County, has
! bVen resumed. In the same county the olo.
i Richmond property, under the name of
the Philadelphia mine, is being opened up.
The Spring Valley Hydraulic gold mine
at Cherokee. Butte County, will resume.
Work on the restraining dam has begun.
The Kinyon mill at Randsburg has
started up again under a new contract
with the water company,
i The following figures concerning the
output of silver during April from the
quicksilver mines near Xapa are from the
Mining Press:
Nara, Sol; Aetna. SCO; Grwit Western. 123;
YaUejo. 73; Sulphur Bank. 24; total. S*2 flasks—
a decrease of 153 flasks from the March ship
ment. The product of three Xapa County quick
silver mines for the rast two calendar years
comeares as follows:
1S9S. 1S39,
Casks. flasks.
Xew Idna 6,0» 4.7S0
Aetna 3.C0 3.450 »
Napa 7.S5O 5.S50
Totals 18.800 14.0S3
The Eales of quicksilver In 1S39 and expenses
are as follows:
Soles. Expenses.
Aetna $15«.4H JS6.13O
Napa 235.449 1*3.100 '
New Mria. 135.138 97.356
Totals J391.m f3»,S4<
The Aetna paid M5.0M In dU-idends, th» other
two mines each gtt.COO. The New Idria ex
pended $13,76'). the Aetna J27G3 and the Napa
$iZ*.~ tor construction and repairs.
The Amador Record, making a sum
mary, of the mining work In progress,
savs that there are more mines being
opened up along the mother lode than
ever before arid a greater number of
miners are employed in Amador County
than at any previous time. The steam
whistle is again heard at the South Spring
Hill mine. Amador City. Lieutenant Gov
ernor Neff and Edward Coleman, large
shareholders in the Central Eureka mine.
have been inspecting their property and
report that they were well pleased. Work
on the Gowanus mine Is proceeding night
and day and the old Richmond property,
near the Eldorado line, is being opened
up under the name of the Philadelphia
ITew- Districts Being Exploited, Old
Mines Reopening, and There
Is Pleasing Activity in
Mining Counties.
«
While some attention has recently been
paid to the statistical returns concerning
the mineral products of California there
is a little interest in looking up some of
the Tacts concerning the advance of the
mineral output of other localities. Can
ada is wonderfully advancing as a pro
ducer. Last year the output of Canada
was *47,27o,512, so that in thirteen years
Search For Precious Metals
in Many Sections Is
Unremitting.
MOTHER LODE IS
N0W ALIVE WITH
DELVING MINERS
Here are some of the statement*:
"The oil boom has struck Summerland
with a vengeance and oil Btock is as
plentiful on the streets of Summerland a*
autumn leaves in a maple grove on a
wmay day. In fact, you may have oil
stocX for the asking, and one of our citl
ztns waa heard to say that he -intended
to have his pockets sewed up so that no
one could give him oil stock when he was
not looking." These remarks axe dosed
up with the following: "When it la taken
into consideration tnat JwA» to JluOO. will
sink a well and set it to pumping in Uiia
neld it looks absurd to see a company
capitalized for a million or more floating
stock on a tract of land hardly big enough
to make a garden patch."
Eben Siniin, a Colorado mining million
aire, has associated with W. P. Dunham
in developing oil property near Saugus, in
the Newnall district. Tftey have secured
a tract of about 3000 acres.
Various localities are struggling ¦with
the problem of how to value an oil well.
In Pennsylvania a well is estimated to be
worth 'v^jM lor each barrel of daiiy
production. In California the conditions
«re very different, for California oils
vary largely in specinc gravity and where
welis are contiguous mere lias been a
steady diminution in the supply after
pumping of the adjacent properties was
oegrun. Probably the best basis for valua
tion in California is careful investigation
in every case.
The Del Mar country In San Diego
County is now filled with prospectors.
Several wells will probably be sunk there
soon. "Waldo Waterman, the president of
the San Diego Oil Company, has ordered
the machinery for a test well to be drilled
about two miles from Del Mar. Water
has been piped to the location at Morena
and work will begin there soon. A well
will be sunk on the Ralph Granger place.
The report is circulated that at least 640
acres has been adaexi to the known oil
territory in the Kern district by the dis
covery of petroleum on the Mount Diablo
Company's land.
The i.scondido Oil Company In San
Diego County is trying to get leases to
15,0vJ acres of land on the theory- that if
oil is not found in one place it may be
found in another.
The Southern California Oil and Stock
Exchange limited its membership to 200.
After the new exchange came into the
field the Los Angeles Oil Exchange de
bated whether it would not list stock3 of
non-producing wells. The decision was to
adhere' to the old rule, which shut out the
wells -which have only a speculative
value.
i The sales in the Los Angeles Oil Ex
' change in April amounted to 11O.S06 shares
; at a total valuation of $£6,S14 15. In the
preceding month the sales were 6^*4
shares, valued at $30,S<)5.
Oil Boomers Abroad In Summerland.
San IHego County Filling Up
"With Petroleum Prospect
ors — Fake Project.
9
The expected has happened In the Kern
River oil district. The Grace Company
having bored down to the- lower sand
strata, other companies are preparing to
do the same. The lower level is reported
to be more prolific than the first or upper
one. The "West Shore people expect to
sink their next well lower. The Grace
Company found, according to local report,
the second sand below a thick layer of
clay.
While San Francisco Is getting along
without inconvenience with only one oil
exchange, Los Angeles has now two ex
changes, and was threatened with three,
DUt the last two to come Into the field
were consolidated last w«ek aad. opened
&3 one.
The banner town for the oil excitement
up to date, if the Summerland Advance
courier is to be creojted, is Summtrland.
New Departure in Kern
River District That May
Prove Profitable.
LOWER OIL SAND
IS PENETRATED
BY WELL-BORERS
ters th«» tug Governor Markham was
placed at the disposal of Minerva Parlor
to enable it to give Mrs. Slfford a trip
on the hay. Thi3 took place yesterday.
ar.d those rot members cf the parlor who
were tba guests of that body were: Past
Grand Presidents Mr?. Conrad and Mrs.
Mills Grand Vice President Mrs. Ema
Gett Grand Treasurer Miss Eliza D.
Keith Miss M. McCarthy. Miss Agnes
McKay. Mrs. C. F. Kapp. Mrs. Lena B.
Mill? Mrs. George H. S. Dryden. Mrs. A.
D Codir.tton and District Deputy Grand
President Mrs H. H. Dobbins. A splendid
lunch was served. Afu-r the trip, which
included all points of Interest; the party
was received by the officers of the French
tr.an-of-wcr Prctet. In the evening: the
entire rarty partook of a banquet In one
of the downtown rotisseries.
f » e . d \ most he "ty welcome, being en
tertained la graud style after the work of
the evening: was over,
c^ss Nellie Owens cf the Girls' High
?. c £ 00 ]i who In da >' s eone by was Mrs.
biff ord s teacher, entertained her former
P}*V-} at a dinner in the Berkshire on
,f dnesdav afternoon, this being an Indi
v.dual affair. In the evening of that day
the grand president paid an official visit
to Golden State Parlor.
On Thursday the grand president was
the special guest at dinner of Mrs. A. D.
Codmgton, past president of Las Lomas
Parlor, at her beautiful home on Howard
street. There were present, in addition to
the guest of honor and the hostess: Mrs.
Mary E. Tillmann and Mrs. Belle W. Con
rad, past grand presidents; Dr. Louise B.
Deal. Mrs. Wallace. Mrs. Farnsworth of
the Red Cross Society. Mrs. S. P. Da?
gett and Mrs. G. H. S. Dryden. During
the late afttmocn the company was pro
tographed in the garden, and in the early
evening a flash-light picture was taken.
That night the grand president paid her
official visit to Bucna Vista Parlor, where
the work and the business methods were
the subject of favorable comment. The
welcome speech of Mrs. Lucia Neubarth.
the president, was a gem of beautiful
thoughts.
The grand cr<-s!der.t was the guest of
Past Grand President lira: Lena H. Mills
yesterday at her home on Laurel avenue
at lun< heon. and in the afternoon she
was tendered a reception at the hon;p of
Mrs. Henry Meyers; past president of Alta
Parlor, on Page street, where she met
about forty members of the order. A
pleasant hour was spent and refreshments
were served. In the evening Darina Par
lor, "the rarlor of beautiful girls of the
Western Addition." hold a special session
In Franklin Hall, on Flllnaore street, to
receive the grand president. The hall was
tastefully decorated, the attendance was
large, the work of th« evening was per
fect and the grand officer expressed her
satisfaction at being in the midst of so
many energetic Native Daughters.
Through the courtesy of "Admiral G.
H. S Dryden of the Harbor Commission
ers' office who is .a prominent Native Son
and an admirer of all the Native Daugh-
GRAND PRESIDENT IS
GUEST OF DAUGHTERS
"p^ I P.IXG the past week Mrs. Cora B.
I] SifTord of Ventura, grand president
l^J/ of the Native Daughters cf the
Golden West. ?s.'A ofneial visits to
1 r.urr.bvr d parlors in Sa.n Francisco, and
the baa been entertained as no grand pres
ident has ever before been entertained in
this city.
< 'n Monday right she paid a visit to
Minerva Parlor No. 2. She was accompa
! by Past Giand President Mrs. Belle 1
V,*. Conrad, whose guest ?he has been dur
lr.c her stay in this city; Mrs. Mary E.
Tillman; past Ersr.d president, and a num
b*r ,.f o ther erand officers a".d deputies of
the oni^r. There was aa exemplification
cf the work, which was so we!! performed
\V-a\ it pveked from the head of the order
th« highest praise. During the evening
Mrs. Biakeley. president of the parlor, on
Lv-half of that body, presented Mrs. Siftord
¦fe'ith a beautiful silver bonbon spoon as
c souvenir at the visit. Previous to the
v:5it to xt.e parlor Mrs. S!JTor-i was the
EpeciaJ guest .if Mr?. Theodore Ltmitedt
tt a supper in her homo 0:1 Mason street,
et uh: ';' then? were present fifteen prom-
I: eat Native t'auphttrs.
On T'j«>iay evening Mrs. Sifford visited
S3 :.::.-i Parlor in Redwood Ciiy and re-
In Tuolumne County development work
is proceeding at a lively pace. The Sem-
Inole mine has started up. A contract has
been let for driving a tunnel to tap the
ledge at the Vine Spring mine. Fifteen
men are employed at the Philadelphia
diggings. Work is progressing on the
"Wild Rose and Bunker Hill mines. Sink
ing In the Rhode Island has ceased and
at the bottom of the shaft, 145 feet from
the surface, drifting on the vein to the
east Is being pushed. The Seminole group
of mines will be worked again after sev
eral years cf idleness.
mine. The Bhenandoah, which la near
the * Gowanus, Is busy. FoUr mllla axe
working at the old Pacific mine. At the
Gover thirty men are preparing for a
new hoist In the north shaft. Unwaterin?
Is proceeding at the Bunker Hill. The
Kennedy, Argonaut and Zeila are In full
blast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
19
MRS. CORA B. SIFFORD.
THE JAPANESE POET.
Unparalleled values: carpets, rugs, lace curtains, beds and furniture: lowest prices
jj; J? lor^ Tnd '*ch_mber~designs? m borSe« Dining-room chairs, with solid oak xSf^^^^^^K o ~ n for $400 enameled bedstead— f Q - for $300 Alexandria curtains TTSfeffj!
Vj^L-^^^^^^^^^=^-^-^7 to match— Monday 20 rolls i -)/r trames and genuine leather seats « qr\ O*D\J especially built for summer cot- >. 73 —made of first quality bobbinet T ft
Ot^ jTa^"^ 7 'A at >•<&? —special Monday price i*/V iftfP* C^^*^^i tage use and servants' quarters— in all with wide lace edge and insertion, long H H >^t*V
T^\ O.r^i Vrf ra Velvet carpets — Positively the best Solid oak chiffoniers, with five large i *V^*r« r^i£" 'sc-Tto sizes — neat and substantial — crated free, and wide — marvelous values. J j jj 1 _ jf , \Ji
t*\ L\ iH LWl makes— 22 T i-inch border? and 27-inch roomy drawers— well made and -7 r\f\ vTftC^flii, '^70 , •>_;¦ ; :: V V : , -i- -I ' ' K • § O* O»y>%-A
k»5 CLW PA Ml and 36-inch stairs to match— 50 4 4 r\ finished; special Monday price. /•UU iN^y^m-. ! L C\C\ for $8-59 iron teds— with full r- r\r\ for $7.50 Brussels lace curtains A l ' I ' __J iHrVW, yjTf
\<J YA. W^^-T^^ rolls at >.>U c «,« • u 1 u 1 1 CT*M_ L x ri* •4 l t» -.^^sfev^^cis^-* O.UU brass spindle ornamentation — Q.UU the genuine sort, with luxu- ffin • i^^ trtt " rwmm - — \ —^- 5_r T ; III
It C^L \J3 Axminster carpets—Smith and Hart- ba . m P le aressers. with large : bevei plate \Vfflr >^^wl*^fi3rar^SBaF the acme of elegance— prices unprece- riously worked borders— no !e>5 than S /( \^»<!5^^ w _ j f~T"~i{
M W' ford makes— a lot of discontin- t n n mirrors-well made and finished— at fc^ f .^ ',<&M $ dented. distinct pattern; to choose from— a W^ 553 _3^ <sf -J VU
'^~ p4 ued patterns to close at KUU 18.75,15.75,12.75,10.75,8.75 f|^iS V\ t «. ,.,,. UA most liberal assortment. ,((V\ '^^^1 *> r W f sm
'•^'- s « WiSsglk&P^U W Of nn for S25.00 solid brass beds— S^L *
: Rug bargains. . Parlo" furniture SOSCia's HP\I^-r ==i^-^ 1\ Zi.UU ii/$-inch • posts — elegantly « r» f\r\ for $1500 renaissance, Brus- s*7Vr * J-r&'
Extra laree dining table, made of se- Art squares and crumb cloths— Spe- * / e ¦ . F . *', trimmed— solid and substantial. and other hand-made \_
¦ectid o£ fiiihS E oM,n Z pojUhcd cia. sa,c «hi S W « k; <,uaH,v o.c-ha.f J 6 . 7 5 %*»» *" ] « A 7 50 <?< M »~- >»*-™* -3 S^5S^gSS d
-;7J: r^^li^s g|i ig lilfi g 21.00 §§§i I| f^^^^M %£?*$? beautiraI - in ? ™ h - - '— — in - »i° 0^-
double casters are another texiture of this g co tch seamless axminster rugs— _ Q for $53.00 three-piece parlor fM JM ®^^ W 1 f\ r\f\ for 15-lb. curled hair mat- j^-p^ r^fX^^^s^, have never shown at any
table— additional charge of just 50 » n the lot— 90x12.0— handsome J7.UU suits. V& | OT lU.UU tress— made up in first-class : /'^ i M1 If^ri! kW^^S fflU time as many brass and
$¦» 50 for each extra two feet 1 A O£T oriental designs— good value 'y -j c q Rocker specials— all new designs-- «F S V §3 tickings, biscuit tufted— made in our V^?y!*. VV I ["/*->fefefs^Hi iron bed3 as now. We hayc
nn« -nr fnnt <irc >T«_£rJ at$40.oo - ..-'/•-'v H W S, R own workshop and guaranteed pure. 1 K II XW) Ml ©* WS— them at P rice «
— pnee *or O-toot size Japanese rugs— just out of the custom 5.00, 3.25, 2./D OC 2,0V, SI ' P r^ll ' T l^Tr every color.
ti^^.,»i« v«t Mnr>i.« «,-•.- A f««-ir house^ — blue and white, green and . ,, K K"*» < /-» r~ for $2.7^ rolls or day bolsters \z2\ •V i ?.7*r5_* U-TT 7^*-^ I r. r v, v vuu . . »4IL V. „ — t n - tSJ. 3-nieen
Hands«_eboxeouch.__o^er 6 foot, rugs-all sizes-as < < r Bound extension tables-golden oak, M # 1.95 lopW back, with space al- SBfel J5.00 S^rlor Vtdt
r.e.v style-phcated upholstering m pret- ]ow as Ji ; J.I5 with 5 massiveturned and fluted legs- M V V lowed for pillows or plain roll-covered / T^i §f\ fP II f made in ou^own facW
:y figured denim-nca looking R n Mattings_2oo pieces o mat^ 4 9 1 pretty-44x44-6 feet exten- ti.cf). :T in sateen, any color-to fit any size' {/ : « \ ( y I f « \\ and warranted first-clas*
«sd very useful— have patent lift O, D U tings— special values as low as * -- 2C S ion > >..JU beds Special bargains. V " 'V " |' S workmanship.
So !ars:e has the volume of our business grown that we are receiving 3 carloads of goods eaclr * jTTl Si |/^ \_^ £ jHy P^ are constantly making, and the great numbers of old customers who continually deal with us for
week. This volume of business is not exceeded by any Furniture House in San Francisco or in' -r>T/- r> • whatever they need in our line, are the best recommendations for our good3, our prices and our
the West. Would it be possible for us to sell such an immense amount of goods unless our BIG FURNITURE EXPOSITION. BUILDING, methods. Give us a trial and let us number you amonj? our many customers. Satisfaction jruar-
priccs and our methods were all right and up-to-date? The vast cumber of new customers we Cjnrl 5s<-rt(«»ntri anrl Mission Streets. anteed.
I DAINTY CREATIONS IN I
SHIRTWAISTS!
§ A large purchase enables us to $:
§ offer exceptional value in Ladies* ?:
S Shirt Waists. S
a HERE'S THE LOT: |
, r ; 13 dox. assorted colors and >J»si<r.«.. 5Oe escti n
rt 23 doa. assorted colors and designs.. 75c each Q
O W dox. assorted colcrs and designs.. $1.OO each O
P> SO dcz. assorted colors and designs.. $1.25 each g
V* 23 doz. assorted colors and designs.. $1. 5O each O
y 15 doz. assorted colors and designs.. $ 1.75 each *r*
8 15 doi. assorted colors and designs.. ?2.(K) each S
g Every one of the above waists are worth from rt
P Co to EOc mor* than th« siarked p rlc*. O
1 C.CURTIN,
1 911 and 913 Market St. . j
« »
« o
Chairs and Stools. Cots.
Folding Canvas Camp Stools »c canvas Folding Crcss-Ie? Cots tl 23
Same, with back 35c Canvas Army Folding Ccts t2 47
Gold Medal Foldlc* Camp Stools Wire Army Folding Cou... .....J3 S»
(hard wood) 47e Wire Rs^tilation Foldins Cots, head
G ° 1 wiS1a I c k F ?niM 5 w»..^r S :.Oc j»i5^ jBSj»^^S
Gold Medal Folding Chair. caxp«t
•«« noo Tables
Hard-wood Varnished Folding Car- ' «»-»*^-»'
pet Seat Camp Stool S9c Hard-wood Varnished Foldlaff Camp
Hard-wcod Varnished Folding Car- Tab'.es UW
pet S«at Fancy Chair U K GoM M?da , Fo!din? Ca=? Tab3e3...»3 »
Hard-wood Varnished Folding All- Extra Shelves for same 73c
wood Chairs $1 00 _____
Folding Canvas Reclinlnx Lawn _ . - —— .
c^™ 33 ° Bath Tubs.
Folding Canvas Reclining Lawn
Chairs with arms II 33 Gold Medal Folding Bathtubs (Jor
C.m. with fnnt ~«t SI 72 adults) $11 S3
F^Inl HarT-wo^^" Var^Vned" Re! B « SltUb * <*% f.
cllnlng Lawn Chairs JIM . ranta ' *^
Folding Hard-wood Varnished Cane
Seat and Baclc Lawn Chairs.... $3 CO H ~i mmnflf C
Gold Medal Foldins Camp Chairs ndllllllUCK-i.
Oust the thing) *1 «3 p^^ Cotton Linen FTnlsa Ham-
Foldlng Canvas Artists" or Sketching taocks, with spreader 85c
Stools 25c p^ cotton Unen Finish Ham-
Hammock Chairs J2 87 to $5 00 mocks, with pillow S5c
Grass Harr.niock3 SOc to U CO
Japanese Parasols and Lanterns. Elegant Finished Hammocks, with
pillows, concealed ssread«rs and
Telescope Baskets, Lunch Baskets. fringe or valance Jl 83 to S3 00
Straps and everything wanted at the A Immens- Assortment cf Ham-
home or camp at cut prices. moc j. s t0 n w each
TEXTS TO ORDER. Butterfiy Xet, So
Cheaper and More Complete Than Ever.
np< k
! • . f; • -, .- ~>
HI
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
Mall Orders Filled.The regular annual meeting of the
Alumni Association of. Hastings College
of Law was held ln the Parrott bulldlpg
yesterday. The following officers were
elected to serve during the ensuing year:
Frank P. Deerlng. president; Thomas E.
Haven, first vice president; Thomas A.
Perkins, second vice president; Leonard
Stone, secretary: Walter 6. Brann, treas
urer. L. de F. Bartlett was elected coun
cilor to Kmamutpx th» association in tha
Hastings Alumni' Meets.
Bobert McKay, John Condon . and
James Day Again in the City
Prison.
Robert McKay. John Condon and James
Day, three bad boys, were arrested early
yesterday morning by Policeman McPart
land on Clementina street. They were
asleep in a wagon on the street. They
were booked at the City Prison for a pub
lic Institution.
McKay and Condon have been arrested
a number of times for breaking into cars
of the Southern Pacific Railroad. It is
on!y a week ago slnee McKay was arrest
ed for burglary, but the charge could not
be proved against him.
Day came here from Colorado last fall
with a regiment on its way to Manila.
Since last November he has been with the
Boys* and Girls' Aid Society. He got em
ployment ln a boarding-house last Feb
ruary, but when the landlady accused him
of stealing her rings he disappeared. The
society got hold of him again and a week
ago he was sent to Oakland on his prom
ise that he would tind employment or
"beat" his way home, but he returned to
the city and made the acquaintance of
McKay and Condon.
The three boys appeared before Judge
Mogau yesterday and the cases were con
tinued till to-morrow to see whai can be
done with them. They will probably be
sent to the Whlttier Reform School.
TRIO OF BOYS WHO
ARE INCORRIGIBLE
Ernest A. Schumacher's Will.
The will of Ernest A. Schumacher, who
died May 10, leaving an estate valued at
$17,000, was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeathed one-half of his es
tate to his widow. Fredericka M. S. Schu
macher, and the residue In equal shares
to his children, LJbble Fredericka and
Clarence August Schumacher.
Balloon Ascension at Glen Park.
Mile. Anita, the world-famous lady aero
naut, will make a balloon ascension and
parachute drop at Glen Park to-day. A
big vaudeville bill at the theater and the
many outside attractions of the park com
plete tbe list of attractions.
Petition in Insolvency.
"William Delke of the town of San Ma
teo filed yesterday ln the United States
District Court a petition ln Insolvency
His liabilities amount to $664 91. He has
no assets.
We save money for amateurs. We loan you
a kodak. Backus Studio, 11 Geary et. •
Navarro Sent to Prison.
Frank Navarro, recently* convicted on a
charge of assault with a deadly weapon,
was sentenced to a term of two years In
Folsom prison by Judge Dunne yesterday.
Tl:e National Union, through its social
«n<5 literary club, acting under the pa
tronage cf the Fan Francisco Cabinet of
the orrf^r, will give another of its pleasing
tnteriair.ments in Odd Fellows' Kali next
CVedseada.y. The prcgramme will consist
zt instrumental selections and contribu
tion by Miss Annie Roor.ev. W. J. Kynes
Al Hazard, Mrs. H. Phillips. George C.
FarrtU Jr.. Robert Lloyd. Miss Lydla Ja
-oij and Cyr-^g li. Newton. Dancing will
follow the entertainment. The affair will
be under the <i:rfction of W. "VY", Healy
E. A. Kldd. .!. N. Bontisr and F. H. Hast
;r.ps, who in the past have successfully
ananas*-d these social events.
National Union to Entertain.
The California Northwestern Railway
will run an excursion to Uklah on Sunday
May 27. The fare will be only $2 for the
round trip. EACH TICKET SOLD GUAR
ANTEES A SEAT.
A comfortable seat and & quick ride
through Marin, Santa Rosa, Russian
River and Uklah valleys, affording a pano
ramic view of this most picturesque sec
tion of California, will make this a most
delightful trip.
There has not been a season sines 1850
so favorable for the growth of every
product of the soil. All plant life this
year is exceptional in Its development and
beauty.
As there will be more than four hours*
lay-over in Uklah there will be ample op
portunity for drives In the surrounding
country. The livery stables will be pre
pared to drive persons to Vichy Springs,
Indian Rancheria, Asylum and Fish
Hatchery of the California Northwestern
Railway and other Interesting points for
a reasonable charge.
The time of departure from Tlburon
Ferry, foot of Market street, will be 8:30
a. m., and from Uklah on the return at
6 p. m. The train both ways will be a
special and will not stop at towns In
transit.
A LOW-PRICE EXCURSION
THROUGH CHARMING COUNTRY.
Early ln the morning the police laid
their plans for the arreet of Slmpton and
Sylva. They were unnecessary, however,
as Sylva .and Slmpton had formulated
plans still earlier to surrender themselves
into custody. They came over from Sau
ealito on an early boat and called at the
oiftces of the lawyers opposing Mrs. Cra
ven. On the opening of court they Bur
rendered to the police and were Imme
diately released on bail, $5000 cash ln each
case being accepted by Judge Law lor.
Sylva and Simpton were accompanied by
ex-Governor Uudd and Charles Neal. man
ager of the Fair estate, who advanped the
ball for the release of the alleged per
jurers. Sylva and Slmpton will, it is said,
be backed by the millions of the Fair es
tate ln their efforts to escape punishment
for their alleged crimes, and on the other
hand It Is said every effort will be made
by those interested in Mrs. Craven's de
feat to secure her conviction. Mrs. Cra
ven's case has been assigned to Judge
Cook's department for trial, Slmpton will
be tried by Judge Lawlor and Judge
Dunne will try Sylva.
Attorneys representing both sides ln the
Fair-Craven litigation express their view
that the Grand Jury went too far ln Its
efforts to aee that justice Is meted out to
the wrongdoers. Pence & Pence say the
indictment of Sylva and Slmpton was only
giving them their Just deserts, but they
claim the Indictment of their client, Mrs.
Craven, was an outrage. On the other
hand, the Fair attorneys say the indict
ment of Sylva and Slmpton should not
have been done, but the indictment of
Mrs. Craven was Just and proper.
Fifteen thousand dollars ln shining
double-eagles are now ln the vaults of the
County Clerk's ollice. This sum repre
sents the price paid by Mrs. Nettle R.
Craven-Fair, Adolph Sylva and G. W.
Slmpton for their liberty pending the ver
dict of the Juries t.iat will try them on the
charges of perjury and subornation of per
jury. Mrs. Craven, as heretofore pub
lishedl was released on bail Friday even
ing, but as the other two defendants were
out of the city when the Grand Jury
handed down the true bills against them
their arrest was deferred until yesterday.
Lawyers Hepresenting Both Sides of
Fair-Craven Litigation Express
IHssatlsfaction at Action
of the Grand Jury.
Ex-Governor Budd and Man
ager Neal Advance the
Required Cash.
SYLVA AMD HIS
FRIEND SIMPTON
FREED ON BAIL
Eeprrt Submitted by the Fire Com
missiontrs to the Board of
Supervisors.
The Board cf Fire Commissioners met
pesterdar and adopted a report to be laid
before the Botrd of Supervisors urging
the absolute necessity for new and larger
Rater mains in various districts through
cut U".e city. It was pointed out u;u.t
during th<» fire at the Baldwin Hotel, when
twenty-seven engines were at work, the
<".h:; riots EUppUed from the College Hill
reservoir that were more than a block
ftway Iron the ma'n pipe were almost
entirely deprived of v.-aier during the
prosTess ot the lire and if a fir© had
broken out th»"re It would have been im
possible to extinguish it.
MORE WATER MAINS
URGENTLY NEEDED
General Alumni Association of the Uni
versity of California. The meeting then
adjourned until Thursday evening, June
21, when Frank P. Deerlng will read a
paper upon the Important decisions hand
ed down by the Supreme Court of the
btate of California since January 1, 1900.
pine and redwood combination.
The width of the church will be 54 feet,
with a total length of 10S feet. The height
of the inside trusses from floor to ceiling
will be 36 feet. The seating capacity will
be 500 and pews and rails will be of oak
throughout
The contract price for the church is $17,
200. exclusive of all art glass and the high
altar: but these have already been pro
vided for by the liberal parishioners of
Rev. J. M. Cassin. pastor of the church.
The structure will front on B street, ad-
Joining the convent property. The con
tractor is J. O. Kuykendall of Santa Rosa
and the edifice will be ready for the con
gregation ln a few months.
Bbea said that the only question was
dipon the compromise contract, ordered by
the committee, that all panics agree
upon the work to lie done. L-ut 13a.ieman
iiiied to do so. Shea thouelit it would
:ake J15<>J to complete the work; but Kcn
nedy said the figure was too high. The
representative* <jf the North Co:ural Im
provrmeot Association urt^cd Immediate
act'CJ.. SuporviHor Sanderson's bUffKCS
ti>n that Kennedy complete the building
win . c nea's p-rmipsioft and the city ac
cept it ;e;r,xrdiess of the sub-contrac'.s
das epproved by Lane and adopted -L-y
the ccrjiisittpe.
Auditor Welle suggested that Batemaa
liros. agree to have the building turned
over to the city without considering the
claims, but It vras stated that the firm
orould not Blpn an agreement by which
they uould waive any rights that they
may possess. Wells said that if the
ui::l<Ji:]g was not accepted and the claims
eettiod altervrard it would not be com
pleted for another three yearc.
I*. F. Kennedy, representing the surety
company, stated that after a conference
with the Mayor and Architect Shea he
I.&d agreed to allow a deduction of fl'M
from the contract if the building were
&v copied as It stands. Attoni^v L.;ine
v. ouid not advisa or. tha new phase and
Kencedy .said the building could be nn-
Lsbed in a *ew days at a nuznntsJ cost
an>1 requested the ttcQUiescence of Shea
bo Co so.
The action of the ooznxnlttee was doter
mlned by tne advice cf City Attorney
Lace, who was present at the meeting.
He expressed the opinion when the build
ing i» completed by the surety company,
«ao bjb bondsmen of the Bateman Bros,
eucceeded to their contract, Architect
r- ..eh. fchould pass upon the proper fulfill
ment of tbe contract. If his report should
be unfavorable an adjustment could be
entered Into. Mr. Lane argrued that the
claim of e ub-con tractors had no bearing
on the caee. Tbe building should be
turned over to tbe city and the claimant!
rould Tight It out ln the courts afterward.
The Supervisors' Public BaUdings Com
mittee decided yesterday to advise the
Pacll'.c Kurcty Company to finish the Hall
of Justice and turn the building over to
the city for a.ccepUuic«s. This decision
mean* that the structure over which
there has been so many vexatious delays
will be ready for occupancy ln less than
a week. The surrounding property own
ers sx« correspondingly Jubilant.
On Advice of City Attorney, Super
visors Decide to Ignore Sub-
Contractors' Claims and
Accept Structure.
Frequent Delays in the Hall
of Justice Will Come to
an End.
BUILDING SOON
TO BE TURNED
OVER TO CITY
NEW CHURCH FOR THE
CITY OF SANTA ROSA
PARK WILL GET
SWEEPINGS FROM
CITY'S STREETS
Will Be Used to Fertilize
the Great Pleasure
The Merchants'. Association Co-ope
rating 1 With the Commissioners
to Effect a Much-Needed
Bef orm and Economy.
The Merchants' Association and the
Golden Gate Park Commissioners have
for several years been trying to have the
street sweepings sent to Golden Gate
Park Instead of being dumped on vacant
lota, as is the present practice, when the
necessary permission can be secured
from property owners. The desired re
form now seems ln a fair way of accom
plishment and over 3000 cubic yards of
nne fertilizing material, which Is each
month being wasted while thousands of
trees in Golden Gate Park are actually
suffering from the -want of it, will soon
be distributed where it will do the most
good.
In order to effect the delivery of the
street sweepings at the park at the least
cost a special clause was inserted ln the
charter authorizing the Board of Super
visors to permit the street railway com
panies to haul street sweepings to tha
park over their lines.
The Merchants' Association took up this
subject Beveral months ago and Its su
perintendent, L. M. King, has evolved a
plan for getting the sweepings- to the
park. The first thing to be done was to
provide a suitable central station where
the sweepings could be deposited by the
contractors, so that they could be easily
loaded on the cars. A city lot, formerly
assigned to the Fire Department on
Eleventh street at Its Intersection with
Bryant, was selected. The street sweep
ing contractors report that the lot is well
situated for the reception of material
from the business district, and part of
the Mission to the amount of 3000 cubic
yards per month. The officials of the Mar
ket Street Railway Company also report
that the lot is well situated for the lay-
Ing of a epur track to the bunkers, where
their cars may stand while being loaded.
Plans for switches, driveways, bunkers,
etc., have been made.
The railway company has agreed to
haul the sweepings to Golden Gate Park
for SO cents per cubic yard, delivering the
same at any points on the H street line
that the Park Commissioners may desig
nate. The latter may make connections
by laying their own temporary spur tracks
on which the company's cars will run as
may be desired.
Superintendent King estimates that the
cost of material for the bunkers will be
$2160 and the labor 53500 more. The re
moval of the sweepings by the railroad
at 30 cents will amount to approximately
$1000 a month. . All these and other Inter
esting matters have been presented In a
report to the Board of Supervisors.
Superintendent McLaren has frequently
called the attention of the Park Commis
sioners to the waste of this valuable fer
tilizer by dumping on private lots, de
claring that if it could be placed in the
park the appearance of the great pleas
ure ground would be greatly improved.
More than that, It would be on the line of
economy, for at present fertilizing mate
rial and loam is obtained for the park
only at a great expense.
ATTRACTIONS FOR
CALEDONIAN GAMES
The Club Expects to Have Scotland's
Greatest Songstress at Shell
Mound. I
The Caledonian' Club expecfe to have a
great attraction at the annual games at
Shell Mound Park on Decoration day ln
the shape of Miss Jessie Maclachlan,
Scotland's greatest Interpreter of Gaelic
flxid Scottish songs. She Is on her way
to the coast and has signified her Inten
tion of being present at the games. Ne
gotiations are now being made with her
to give a concert on the grounds and a
large tent will be erected for the purpose.
She Is a great favorite in London, Glas
gow, Edinburgh and other cities ln Great
Britain.
The reception committee of the club
has been given $600 for the entertainment
of guests at the games, and they can
depend upon a genuine Highland wel
come. The committee consists of A. M.
Macpherson. John Reid, D. R. McNeill,
D. A. Macdonald, Captain D. McKechnie,
Colonel C. L. Taylor, Colonel Thomas
McGregor, J. F. Kennedy, R. Gratto, TV.
Urquhart, Thomas W. Bethel, D. A. Mc-
Phee, George Davidson. Captain James
McLean, George W. Elder, James Millar,
J. P. McCormack and John M. Duncan.
There are forty-one events on the pro
gramme. Dancing will b« kept up ln the
pavilion from 11 a. m. till 8 p. m. Every,
thing is being done to make the gather-
Ing a great success.
Last 'Weelc— Last Chance.
Shoes that were sold for $2 50 a pair will
be sold this week, commencing to-morrow,
for only 50c a pair. Two thousand pairs
will be put oh the table to pick from. All
kinds ln this bunch. Come early and have
your pick. Men, don't forget the sample
shoes for $1 60 a pair, that are worth be
tween $3 50 and $6, every pair of them.
They will go fast at the sale of shoes of
the Boston Shoe Company, 775 Market
street, near Fourth.
Civil Service Cases Set.
Mayor Phelan and Civil Service Com
missioners Freud. McCarthy and Qulnn,
accompanied by City and County Attorney
Laxie and Attorney Peter F. Dunne, con
sulted with Judge Cook ln chambers yes
terday morning regarding the actions to
test the constitutionality of the clause ln
the charter establishing civil service ln
the various branches of the municipal
government. After some discussion it was
decided to set th© actions for hearing on
May 25, at 10 a. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
20
<=p=3HE contract for the n*w Cathollo
¦ Church of St. Rose, in Santa Rosa,
][ has been awarded and a handsome
edifice will soon grace the streets of
that town. The design of Shea & Shea,
architects, of this city, Is In the style of
early English Gothic architecture, with
California black Elate roof and copper
ornamentation, and the result will be
extremely picturesque. The entire wall
construction is to be of Santa Rosa red
store in rubble form and the foundation
will be of concrete. The vestibules ¦will be
tiled with ceramic tiling and all interior
woodwork is to be finished In the natural
Catholics Will Hold Services in a Handsome Edifice.
FOR AN ODTING....
VISIT ONE OF THE MANT METERA1
SPRING RESORTS ALONG TH9
California.. . .
Northwestern
Railway Co.
Lessee of SAN FRANCISCO ANT> NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAT COMPANY.
(THB PICTURESQUE ROUTE OJT *»*T-T-
FORNIA.)
Where the Fnmotw Mineral Waters
of the World Ar© Duplicated.
If yon pnftr th« ttmplt homt lift of th»
Ranch, free front fashion's restraints, tier*
¦ re many ln our section from which to enooM.
But If you would rather the tent In nma
shady nook, near a lovely lake, or tn tht bank/
of tome beautiful stream, rtmember such loca-
tion* art numerous aad free of caarg*.
Can for "VACATION,'* a Ilttft book Jnst
Issued by tht Company, giving Camping Loca-
tiona. Hotels. Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
list of one hundred aad alxty-aevon F*arms and
'homes, where Board for tbe Summer eaa bo se-
cured at from J5.C0 to p.00 ptr wttk.
Ticket Office, €50 Varket street (Chrontel*
building).
General Office, Mntoal Lift bunding, Su>.
some and California ttreets. Sao Franclsoo.
H. c. whitino. . •*
General Manager.
R. X. RYAN.
Central Paaiengtr Ageai.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located la the midst of grand and imprest*?*
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Crass for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHINO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service aad reason
able rats*.
RAILROAD FARE round trtaw Including
sleeper both ways. #14.
For rates, terras and ether Information ad-
dress: «E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Cart Pacific Improvement Company,
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th* waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Goct, Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting aad fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest *nd
recreation. Rates. $1* to 114 per week. Tratni
leave Third and Townsend streets. 8. T.. • a.
m. and J:4o p. m. dally. Carriages at Ollroy
fcr springs. For Illustrated pamphlets addresa
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
IH- Hours' Ride From Los Anceles. «--|
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament. ausDlces the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Maria* w^n-1_
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUEL
4 TCnal " T0Ura *»«««-
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlet*, apply to *^^
GEORGE W. THOMPSON,
Or BANNINO^ca**" "*" ***
J22 South 8prtng lit.. Los Angeles. CaL
SKAGGS OT SPR I*GS. SONOMA
* o H!f O County; only <H hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters noted for medicinal virtues*
best natural bath ln State: grand mountain
scenery: good trout streams at door: telephone
«J e *I mBh: _ dall ' r maS1 »nd express: FIRST-
; CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE-
I morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco only J5 50. Take Tibnron ferry
•t 7:30 a. m. or S:SO p. m. Terms. J2 a day or
112 a week. References— Any rnest of the past
fl*e years: patronaace constantly Increasing.
~i~ ••'¦¦ J. F. MULOREW. Proprietor.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA Ne-
vada, near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia; Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad, 136 miles from San Francisco; IS a
week; open all year: send for booklet. Addresa
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
OPENS MAY 1st. Round Trip, $3 73. Send for
circulars. ' FREESE & JUERO.ENSEN..
Proprietor*. City office. 9i8 Larkln street.
FI MONTF ITftTFI LOS gatos. cai.—
CL HIUillE UUICL, Beautiful g r on n da.
magnificent view and first-class accommoda-
tions. Lar^e sunny rooms. Special rates to
1 families. Free -bus meets every train; 55 milts
from San Francisco. Fare. $1 63. — «••
ST- HELENA SANITARIUM- SSSS 1^
: Jffii^k h ?atth ln rS l °. n s wTn^i £?ng ad a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meetsall
trains at St. Helena. Send for circular Addresi
8T. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Ca*U
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County to
?£ nd t^u" Yf catloa - Boating, bathing bow *
«£Jr? ..?• Uver *' new walks, etc. Write for
. circular to . ¦ H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. CaL
' rJLi/**.r\ * *-* Francisco, via the Big
• Oak i, Il| Hi route = sta * e » le»»e Chinese Station
• S2,, £L Slerra .5; ?; aal1 '- Round trip from
5y^ nclsco S32. For further information can
¦ ™ dl S" WM - J - WHITE. General Agent.
630 Market St.. 8. F.; telephone Main 5183.
Kf- TOCALOMA, "SSf
• HOTEL-First-class accommo-
• dations; reasonable rates; for familes and par-
- !!'?•• n*Ein*T. bathing, beatutlful drives to Bear
- Valley, etc JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or Pahr*
, shoe store. S2i Keargy st.. S. F.
| SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, five
miles from Santa Crua: delightful summer
home in redwoods; running water: abundance
fruit, good table; terms $3 50 week. Addras*
, W. CRANDELL. Santa Cruz. CaL
• GLEN OAKS RANCH — Nice surroundings:
i comfortable, rooms: good table: convenient
location. Address F. QUIEN. Glen Kllea. CsX
WHERE
CAN YQU GO WITH ONLY IH HOURS
OF 8TAOIXQ.
AKI> ONLT 9S.OO FOR THE ROUND TRIP.
THAT "WTTi. EQUAL FOR ONB MOMENT
THB JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HICHUND SPRINGS
DAJTCINO six nljrhts of the week. _<> O £ B ''
Tennis, Bowlln*. Cement flwlmmlne Tajnks.
ACRES of Bhady Grove* and MILES of Shady
Walks.
Finest Dwr Huntinr m the County. Hunting
Hors*. and Guid«^ Hot Mineral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunres.
COMPETTENT MASSAGIBTS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Law Cool Booms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIO^16 Montgomerr ¦!..
or address CRAIG ft WARNER. Highland
Sprlnga. CaL ____^__—^— — —
The Way People
Enjoy themselves at Pa»o Robles Hot
BprinKs you would think that all come
for mere pleasure. Many come for the
absolute benefit to bo derived from tha
healing, health-giving Hot Mineral Mud.
Eulphur and Hot Sand Baths, as well
as to get away from the winds and fogs
of the coast. "s
Every modern convenience at the ho-
tel. New homelike cottages. Rates for
hotel, baths and physician. $10 to $31 a
week. Ask or writa for Illustrated
booklet.
SPECIAL KOCND-TBIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further information apply to
FRANK W. ELY, City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336. WO Market st., 8. T.
Otto E. NeTer. Proprietor, Ps»» Bobles. Cat f
Central California
Ban Joee Is the central city of California, and
Hotel Vendome is its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to • Lick Observatory, New Almaaen
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. For further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery st., San
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SNELL, Mgr.. San Josa. CaL
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS,
Monterey Csmnty, Cal. — For health, rest,
climate tbat cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths; «wln#nlns tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting; and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
danre hall; Urge hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families; all
illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
tfr.d streets, San Francisco. 9 a. m. ; First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:19 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad then by stag* over beautiful level road 7
mllet to spring*. Round-trip tickets. M. at 8.
P office. «1J Market street. Telephone and
postofflee. For illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
ROWARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boating, swimming,
fishing, tennis, croquet, billiards, bowling alley,
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cl«co, $3.00. Full Information at Traveler office,
20 Montgomery St., or B. DICKINSON, Lessee,
Ben Lomond. Cal. r^."
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champapne baths; only
place ln the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal spring:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th. ¦•*¦¦--••- *¦'•":• ¦,:-
J. A. REDEMBYER & CO.. Proprietors.
GO TO
BYRON
\.-HOT SPRINGS.
It's THE Sanitarium. These Wonderful
Hot Mineral Baths will cure your Rheu-
matism and Malaria. Address)
A. BETTKNB. Mgr., Byron Hot Spgs.. CaL
Or Lombard & Co., City Agents, room
>0. 86 Geary st.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELl'S MINERAL
SPRINGS at Glen Ellen Is the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. Tbe
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
stomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in
the world; 48 miles from S. F. Tbe S. P. R. R.
and 8. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent chean. No fogs nor poison oak at tha
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire ot DR. C. C. O"DONNELL. office W?1H
Market st, bet. Sixth and Seventh. 8. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
There Is every desired comfort
and pleasure, besides health, at
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
J. Martens, prop.. Bachelor P. O.
Lake Co.
City Office. 418 Pine St.. S. F.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE
In the heart of the Sierras. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent for-
est no poison oak. no p«sts. An • ideal spot
for families. See "The Traveler" for partlc-
. ulars. Open June 1. Address MRS. II. M.
CLEMONS. Virginia City. Nev.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln St*., San Francisco.
Strictly Flrst-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
B0! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Flshlnc. hunting-,
boating and bathlnc. Address O. WEISMAN
.Laurel Dell P. O.. Lake County. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, &;-
ONB OF NATURE'S WONDERS
Natural steam baths, swimming, ashing
hunting and livery. Writ* tor pamnhleL L
WERTHEIMER. Manager. u
HOITT'S ME/VLO F*ARK.
•The, beautiful grounds and new buildings at
Hoitt's School will open to guests during June
and July; good accommodations, excellent table
reasonable prices. Address IRA O. HOITT. '
MONTE VISTA ? PEN MAT l8t = *-«»• ot
. \ . A frult: hel5 Jounclf. Ulua-
tjj ated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
flat. CaL WMt-ygas
ABVEHTISEZEENTS.
"sent free_to men !
A Hcst Remarkabie Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Fre* trial packcees of a most remark-
et-ie remedy are bt!ng nailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for yeaTs against the mental and
physical eufferlr.jf of lost manhood that
ihe institute has decided to distribute
Tree triaJ p&ckapes to all who write. It
!s a home treatment, and all men who
enifrr with cny form of pexxiaJ weakness
rerxiithiz from youthful foily. premature
iof? of Ftrenpth an<J memory, weak back.
varicoccl« vr <?maclaticn of parts can now
c.ire themselves at home.
TI:«» remedy has a peculiarly nrratefui
effect of '.rarrnth and «fems to act direct
to the dr'.«5rt<; location, iriving strensrth
End development just where it is needed.
It cur^R all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
=ucoc-s* In ail cases. A request to the
Etr»t«» Medical Institute. 228 Elektron
DUtMlcg', Fcrt Wayne. Ind.. stating that
you def=!re one cf their free triaJ pack-
pitps v. Ml be complied ¦with promptly. The
Institute is desirous of reaching that
rreat class of men who are unable to
leavo hntne to be treated, and the free
nxoplfl wil! thorn to pee how easy
It !s to be cttrr-d of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restriction*. Any man
who writes v.-jll be rent a free sample.
rarefolly Fonlrd in a plain package, so
that its recipient reed have no fear of
prribnrraFEmer.t or publicity. Readers ar«
rcquej-'tea to write, without delay.
OR JORDAN'S great 6
mnvm of uhatohyJ
§ Q^ z.r.zz. a
\ T$i The l^ar^vst Anatos^cal Museum in tbe \
B ¦?>?**. Worid. V or any contracted M
1- ftt iv» dta*»t f**it'"-«7curt»dr>y tbe oldeit 7
D' S^Sl^s Z-pctrJutcuthk-Caut. Ett. ys ysit*. Q
V B^sXi K'-"*CRa^H--^RnfATE DISEASES^
\ - V«C^Sf» _t-^3«iratioa fm and stritir prirato. \
9 H 9B*kH lT vmcT "- jl"»"*J « bylett-r. A 4
\ 4 Jf K ,i\} ft* 1 "* t'«" - 0H'e^eryc«seun<!eruke». \
"* it li' ««.»tt»ACE. MAO£I> irjtE*. iAY
X (j ,'^ v^i ji.-,: bosk lot mraj \
f O2t 4«»«OAK*iC:O..1051Mar!ret8t..S.F. Y
0 r^TENTSf U
market srlf^l^
» m^A 3 ?A i it,
EAUWArs KKADV UIZLlZf na3 , l00(1
i.r:r:\.,!,j telore the public for 60 years as a
Pain ltcir.Pdv. It instantly reileres and Quickly
cures all Colds. 3ore Throats. Influenza, Bron-
?>¦.:::-. j'ui urjivr.ia. ICheumatism. K^uralKii.
Uuuac!;(, Tocttacbe ana sJl pains. Internally
;cr UAJuia and &U Bowel Faint. All drujglat^ .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A GOOD COMPLEXION
Depends on Good Digestion.
This is. almost an axiom, although us-
ually we are apt to think that cosmetics,
face powders, lotions, fancy soaps, eta,
are the secrets for securing- a clear com-
plexion. But all these are simply super-
ficial assistants.
It Is Impossible to have a good complex-
ion unless the digestive organs perform
their work properly; unless the stomach
by properly digesting the food taken into
It furnishes an abundance of pure blood,
a good complexion is Impossible.
This is the reason so many ladies are
using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because
they promptly cure any stomach trouble
and they have found out that perfect di-
gestion means a perfect complexion and
one that does not require cosmetics and
powders to enhance Its beauty.
Many ladies diet . themselves or deny
themselves many articles of food solely ln
order to keep their complexion clear.
When Stuart's Dyspepsia tablets are used
no such dieting la necessary; take these
tablets and eat all the good, wholesome
food you want and you need have no fear
of indigestion nor the sallow, dull com-
plexion which nine women out of ten
have, solely because they are suffering
from some form of indigestion.
Bear in mind that beauty proceeds from
good health, good health results from per-
fect digestion and we have advanced the
best argument to Induce every man and
woman to give this splendid remedy a
trial. :
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be found
in drug stores and costs but 60 cents per
package.
If there Is any derangement of the
stomach or bowels they win remove It and
the resultant .effects are good digestion,
good health and a clear, bright complex-
ion.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
SOLUTELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our late
scientific method applied to tbe gums. So
•lerp-produclng agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlors In Ban
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, nil and apply cold
crowns and porcelain crowns undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years,
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth (5, a perfect flt guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns. 15. Gold fillings. $1. Stiver fill-
ings. 60c. All work dona by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 12 to 20 years' experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Give
us a call, find you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work wUl cost by a FREE
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOUnS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS, 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
* TO THE |
Paris Exposition!
OR |
$500 IN CASH. I
We are goin;» to send one party to the Paris f
Exposition, all expenses paid, or give them for *
one moment's thought $500 in cash. Write today I
for our proposition. Address jj
TKEBERNARQ-R!CNARDSCO.,Ltd., j
103 Bfosd St,, BoeH Mass, I
gn CHICHEBTER'S ENGLISH
K ~/T.T"""v OHclnal and Only Oenulnc
Alw^r.r»li»b1a. I.aJtc. »Jk Drartfrt
AM V-vMl. for CHICQESTEK'S K.VGLI8U
tV***'W7iS£v ia KGD and Gol.l metalUs boxci. •#»!«!
*fc\ — -r«7 \h »ith bin* ribbon. Take no other. Rerasa
7*1 *^» *aJ I>s*seroas BnbitltnUons sad lmlt*.
I / ~ (ff tion*. Buy of jour Omcg tit. or wad 4<j. la
I » t/f nunpa for Particular*. Totlaaomala
I W, ti and "Relief for Ladle*," imUlfr, bj re.
_X /• Inn MaiL lft.OOO Teatiaaoolali. Son br
> —" ""/ all Drujgiiti. Chleheater 1'Kcmlral Cow
Mention tfcliyip«r. Mxliioa Square, fUlLA- PA.
*(*Ai ' '•3> Jjfa ***iB>i*a remedy for Gonorrhoea.
m^mW r oVR%S^yi Gle«t. Spermatorrhoea*
F^r-V in 1 to 5 days. \ff « hltna, onnaturol II*
jLicjf Oc»r»nte«i qj charges, or any infla-"ma«
Ka£i oot 10 ttrktnw. tion, 1 irritation or uicor*«
pnrests eeotagion. tion of Dttoom inpra-
fe*1 THEEvAH8ChemwuGo. braneg. Noo-aatrineent.
%!<\cmaxNATi,o W*£?l Sold &y *******•*+
\&i£L u. t. i. Am ? r ient ln plmln Vfppjs
«V^Si\i!L Jj&\k i*7 B *P«>8S, prepaid, tot
v UB CTr'JTin 1 * seas on nesnss
f\ I PB" nnil I I Comer Fourth and
y hi L flu I HL "Ero^i-aa
Valises checked free.
For the Complexion. Indispensable for the
Mountains and 8ea Shore. Prevents and re-
moves tan, Bunburn and infection from Poison
Oak. At all drueelsts.
THE COTTAGE.
Nine miles from Redwood City, in tha heart
of Portola Valley., amone the redwoods.
You can find rest and comfort for a few
weeks during the summer vacation. Plenty of
fishing and eood drives. Terms $6 to J10 per
week. Only a limited amount of room.
Address JAMES C. BL.Y. P. M., Portola, Cal.
CARLSBAD 1 :
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, . stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations nrst
class; $10 a week; lighted by gas.
W. K. M'GOVEHN, Kelseyville. Lake Co.
Near Santa Rosa; amone the O/VK
Rincon Hills; home comforts and cu A r>t?
the best of country life. For OrlA_/Ei
circulars address HARRY L RANCH
JONES. Santa Rosa. '
PLANTATION ' HaUSE-rSJXR ™£
stago line.-- Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of.
two or more: irrand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGER, Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. for particulars.
WALDRUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. > Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class . table.
All kinds of dairy produce. Fine spring water.
Rates $7 up. Send for circular. C. H. W.
BRUNINO. Santa Rosa, Cal.'
Kenilworth !nn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly flrst-
class. For terms apply to Mrs. P. J. Martina.
NAP A SOU A SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW. MANAGEMENT.
A. IXJLLMANN, Nap» Boda Springs P. a
7VO CHARGE for CONSULTATION and ADVICE
HOME CURES. FREE PRIVATE BOOK, SEALED, BY MAIL.
73 A Market Street elevatoe "-»%*£&*£?*
| H V*r A 8AN FRANCISCO. ENTRANOB Sunday»-9toHOFFICERS ARE IN CLOSE
PURSUIT OF LONE BANDIT
Eloodhound Became Sorefooted and
Refused to Follow the Trail
Over the Kills,
EpedaJ Dispatch to The CalL
CHINESE CAMP. May 19.— Deputy
Sherlff Hanjmill returned from the chase
a.fter the lone bandit who robbed the two
coaches cf tie llig Oak Flat and Yosemlte
Stage Company. The- offlcer reports that
BheriJT Price and Deputy Cornwell are in
close pursuit cf the bandit.
Owing to the rocky mature of the coun
try over which the bandit made his' escape
the bloodhound owned by Sheriff Price
tecarne sore-fooled, yelled with pain and
would rot work. The Sheriff is determined
!r. his efforts to capture the bandit and
r.ews !s hourly expected of his efforts be
ing successful.
Delegates From Cuba and Mexico At
tend for the First Time in the
History of the Society.
TOPEKA. Kans.. May 19.— The National
Conference of Charities and Corrections
convened at 9:30 o'clock in Representative
Hail and was called to order by Chairman
Rev. S. G. Smith. D.D.. of St. Paul, Minn.
Delegate? from Cuba and Mexico, the first
from those countries to attend any of the
meetings of the convention from either
Cuba or Mexico, were introduced. Miguel
R. Suarez of Havana and Dr. E. Sanchez
Agramonte. director and manager of the
Charity Hospital of Havana, were the del
egates from Cuba, and Dr. R, Oreulas the
delegate from Mexico. Dr. Oreulas Is the
Mexican Consul to the United States, sta
tioned at San Antonio. Texas. The report
of the committee concerning "Public Pol-
NATIONAL CONFERENCE OF
CHARITIES IN SESSION
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. May 19.—
The brig Tanner, which went; ashore
Tuesday, was floated this evening. The
«xtent of the damages sustained by the
bris.has not been ascertained. _
TOPEKA. Kans.. May 19.— Judge "W. S.
Hook of the United States District) Court
this afternoon decided that the provision
of the prohibitory law prohibiting (people
from coming Into the State and taking
orders for liviuor Is unconstitutional. The
case was fxtrni Franklin County, where
William Bergan, a Kansas City liquor
salesman, was tried and convicted.
Brig Tanner Floated.
SUISUN, May 19.— The largest gather
ing of Knights of Pythias that ever took
place In Solano County assembled at Sul
sun this 'evening. The lodges represented
were: St. Helena, Benlcla. VacavlUe, Rio
Vista and DIxon. Work In the, first de
gree was conferred by Suisun and the
third degree was conferred on different
candidates by St. Helena and . B&nicia
teams. A banquet under the auspices of
Suisun Lodge No. 111. K. of P., terminated
the proceedings.
Declared Unconstitutional.
Pythian Knighta of Suisun.
Funds are being raised for a permanent
exposition building and buttons represent
ing one sh-re of stock are sold at $1 each.
Mr. Aldrich advertised in the Spokesman-
Review that he would award a $20 prize
to Borne one of those. who would buy ex
position buttons from him. The element
of gain was entirely lacking and the de
fendants say the action of the inspector
was an outrage and they will contest the
matter if necessary In the highest courts.
tising a iLottery.
SPOKANE. Wash.. May 19.— "W. A, Aid
rich, a local business man, and Business
Manager C. F. G-oodln and Managing Edi
tor N. W. Durham of the Spokesman-Re
view were arrested to-day by a Deputy
United States Marshal on a charge of
advertising a lottery enterprise. The
complaint was sworn out by Postoffice In
spector Linn and the case Is believed to
be the most remarkable ever brought up
In this country.
review Charged With Adver-
Editor and Manager of Spokesman-
1TEWSPAPEB MEN ARBESTEJX
BOSTON, May 19.— Bank men in thla
city are deeply shocked by the Seeley
pinner features of the programme that
was provided for the annual meeting of
the Bank Officers' Association which took
place last night. Some of the staid and
venerable financial kings of Boston were
so much outraged by the gyrations of a
beautiful and scantily clad actress after
the conclusion of the dinner that they
left the banqueting 1 room in high dudgeon
and threaten to sever their connection
with the organization if the offense Is re
peated. Heretofore the programmes fur
nished for the entertainments had been
very dignified.
Proceedings at Their Annual
Banquet. . -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Boston Financial Kings Outraged by
BOSTON, May 19.— The life line on the
hand of Mrs. Jennie Patriquln was broken
before it reached the base of the thumb.
It told of death about mldllfe. because
the line was not continued to the wrist.
Mrs. -Patriquin had learned the meaning,
according to the science of palmistry, of
this brealt in flie life line, and her mind
had become trained to the belief that the
law was immutable. To-day she went to
the kitchen, where was some paris green,
concocted a dose of live spoonfuls, and
became the victim of a miscomprehension.
She fought against the means-that might
have saved her life and died In the Frost
Hospital.
SEELEY DINNER FEATURE
SHOCKS THE BANKERS
an Early Death Swallows
Paris Green.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
"Woman Whose Iaife-Iiine Indicated
PLACED TOO IMPLICIT
FAITH IN PALMISTRY
A paper on "Improvements in Medical
Care for the Insane" was read by Dr. B.
M. Eastman, superintendent of the Tope
ka Asylum. Topeka, Kan. "County Care
of the Insane" was the subject of an ad
dress by Frank B. Sanhorn of Concord,
Mass. This was generally discussed un
der the five-minute rule.
This afternoon the delegates visited the
Kansas Asylum in this city to see a prac
tical exemplification of what they heard
discussed at the morning session.
Icy In Carinsr for the In?nne" was read by
Rev. S. G. Smith of S;. Paul, Minn.
Miss Gaines Is the daughter of the late F. IT. Gaines of Redding, formerly a
prominent business man of that place, while Mr. l S\va!=py Is of the well-known
firm of Barnhart & Swasey of San Francisco and a son cf F. M Swasey. proprie
tor of the Redding Free Press. Mr. and Mrs. Swasey .ire pleasantly known to a
large circle of friends throughout the State. They will reside in San Francisco.
ry ACRAMENTO, May 19.— The home of Mrs. F. H. Gaines. 1521 Tenth street,
V was the scene of a very pleasant wedding this morning at 11 o'clock. The
.1 principals were her daughter. M. Lora Gaines. and Edgar M. Swasey of San
Francisco.' It was a quiet affair, the guests being limited to the families of
the bride and groom.
Hartmann Sentenced.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 13.— Judge
Campbell, in the Superior Court this
morning, sentenced Hieronymous Part
mann to two years In San Quentln for
bigamy. Hartmann is a wealthy and
prominent citizen.
Guns Not Injured.
PORT TOWN'SEND. May 19.-An official
test oi two twelve-Inch guns at Fort Flag
ler, reported to have been damaged by
having a crib burned under them after
having been landed on the beach, was fin
ished to-day, ten shots having been fired,
each weighing 1000 pounds. After the guna
were mounted a seam about 1-32 of an inch
in width opened In the outer jackets of the
guns, and the test was made to ascertain
whether the seams extended beyond the
first layer. According to unofficial advices
the test was satisfactory and the useful
ness of the guns has not been Impaired.
Dragged by Runaway Horses.
ANAHEIM, May 19.-Henry Selzer sus
tained fatal Injuries by being dragged
about a tleld yesterday by a runaway
team .hitched to a mower. Selzer was oil-
Ing the machine when the team started.
He was knocked down, and caught the
pole to save himself from the knives. In
this position he was dragged four times
about a forty-acre fleld, and was horribly
bruised.
Judge Knowles Issues a Restraining
Order Directed Against Butte
Labor Unions. N ,
BUTTE. ilont.. May 19.— Judge Knowles
handed down a decision In the United
States Court to-day perpetually enjoining
the labor unions from boycotting the
Chinese. The injunction Is very sweeping.
It restrains all people from combining or
conspiring to' injure or destroy the busi
ness of the Chinese or from threatening,
coercing or injuring those patronizing
Chinese. The defendants are forbidden to
carry or haul transparencies or banners
through the streets intended to Injure
the Chinese or from remaining about the
Chinese business houses and soliciting
people not to deal there. It is said the
Butte Chinamen will ask damages for the
loss of .business already sustained.
DECLARES.A BOYCOTT
OF CHINESE UNLAWFUL
Chandler Receives Protest From CitL
_ zens of Montana Against the .
Seating of Clark.
HELENA, Mont., May 19.— Governor
Smith reached Helena to-day and affixed
his signature to the commission of. Major
Martin Maglnnla, who left to-night for
Washington to present to the Senate the
document. Concerning th© appointment
Governor Smith said:
"If the Senate adopts th» committee
resolution and decides that Clark was
never legally elected and had nothing to
resign, then my appointment o£ Major
Maginnls may not be recognized."
WASHINGTON, May 19.— At 1 o'clock
the resolution In the Montana Senatorial
case was laid before the Senate, and on
motion of Chandler went over until Mon
day.
• Senator Chandler, the chairman of the)
Senate f Committee on Privileges and
Elections, has received the following mes
sage from Governor Smith of. Montana:
To Hon. W. E. Chandler, Chairman, etc.
United States Benat*— Sir: I have disregarded
and revoked the appointment of Hon. W. A.
Clark.' maae by the Lieutenant Governor of
this State on ¦ the 17th lnst-, as being tainted
with collusion and fraud, and I have this da/
appointed Hon.' Martin Maglnnla of Montana
United States Senator to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of Hon. "W. A. Clark.
Credentials will follow in due course.
. ROBERT B. SMITH, Governor.
Senator Chandler also has received a
protest against Mr. Clark's being seated,
signed by Sneaker Stift of the Montana
House of Representatives and a num
ber of county officials, dated at Missoula.
Mont.. May 16.
SENATE POSTPONES
m ACTION ON CLARK CASE
DENOUNCED BY
WESTERN MINERS'
FEDERATION
Resolutions Adopted Bitterly
Scathing Governor
of Idaho.
President HcKinley and G«neral Mer
riam Included for Th.eir Actions
Relative to Labor Troubles
at Coeur d'AJeae.
The Western Labor Union this after
: oa adopted resolutions which go into
lengthy details of the Coeur d'Alene dif-
Qcultie*. reciting the story from the
mint rs' standpoint and denouncing
President McKinley, General ilerrlam.
liovemar Steune.iberg. Bartlett tsincfalr
and others for the part taken in the af-
/Uettam oi sympathy with the Ward
r.t r zr.cn m.»w in yuentin -»rison were
; rt-sentt-d and adopted.
Besolutlonj wtre also adopted calling
ur«>n Colorado laboring men to work for
ine defeat at the polls of Justice God
uard of the Colorado Supreme Court,
ihvuld he corne up. This action Is on uc
uxt of the,4ecislot} of the Cjiorada Ku
;.rnn«? t'ourt on the eight-hour law.
ot aiiy nnr wbo may give su;.';x>rt to liim. to the
¦ :. ¦! rtat the rotate of lilaJio way be j'urctii of
• t-njust, inhua-^xi and Ireedora -sub veoing
cdmlirirtritJon of tald Frank Sttuntnl^rjj,
-•.i:;.«i e-inclair ax.d Attorney General llajes
*nj a.11 who have pupported said admlmstra.tiou
¦nd itf unjust ictioiis ia eaii county.
DENVER. Mar 19.— The Western Fed
eration of Miners at their afternoon ses
sion adnpt««d a resolution introduced by
Delegate McCormlck of California pro
vi ;::,£ that "on <:r before July 1 the ex
rcutive t> tha!l appoint and send out
i,: least four organizers, of whom two
work in the States of California and
Oregon lor a period of at least, six
:;. ;.:i.s."
It was also decided to take up and
make rules for the regulation of compul
t ¦ ry insurance.
In reference to Governor Steunenbers
<>f Idaho the following resolutions T.tre
adopted:
. . h. rtas. On the 3d 4t}^ of May. 1*S3. Frank
>;rur.T.berE. Governor ot Iiaho, declared n.ar
lUkl law in ejhoshone County ot Mid t'ate,
vhich r.*s been continued and sV.U conUauea
;.iu;t!«nly without reason, and
\\ nereas. 'Hit tai-J Oowrnor arbitrarily and
without reascnJccjaed that each person tttk.*
'¦ , emplojmeOt ia 6Aid county must make ap
, ;iui.jn ur a jH^rrait to do «o to one at the
;. . r.t* ..i Governor; tnd
ix uereas. In mtKinj; s^id application the ap
plicast must tmotmca the Wtiitrn Federation
• '? Miner*; ar.d
\> hereas. Ti.e said Governor of Idaho has by
*'.«' h lu-bitrao' act violated the fundamental
l>i;ric;p!ei> o; light. Justice and humanity guat
iu>ter<l Ik the i>evple ty the consuiutlou oi ihe
I niu-d «hich are the rights to pursue
111*, ilb»-rty and hardiness witnout dictation
lr'-ni any one mthoamatmn thercloie
ilt-fOlved. Of tr.e Western Federation ot Min
er« ;'i eanvcstiaa a«ssembl«l. that »e oundeiiin
the art-::iai> ictlon of the taid Governor of
i ..•:. . at mtnrrtpttan worthy of the tj ruins of
i in* n-.iadle a^eg and t!:at neb a man i» un
v.^rthy bf th- r«-s-x>eft and support ot liberty
. ii:.t iwor>ie: and l»e it further
KeMlved. That we urge t!ie voters of Idaho
t.* relusc to tLi^P'jrt *a.i£ Krank Kteunenberg,
VENTURA, May 19— The Santa Bar
bara High School team easily won the
championship of Southern California in
the third annual lnterFcholastic fleld day.
It was a general holiday in this city to
day and the High School -boys and girls
of the south reigned supreme. Th© win
dows of the stores were lavishly decor
ated with black and orange, the colors
of the local school. The games commenced
at 2 o'clock at Agricultural Park. The
day was perfect. It was warm and calm.
There was an attendance of about 2500.
The bleachers were crowded with the
happy, enthusiastic boys and girls, all be
decked with the colors. of their favorite
school.
The' Santa Barbara learn arrived early
this morning accompanied by a delegation
of 150 rooters. Over 300 admirers escort
ed the Santa Paula athletes to the
grounds. A host of asmirers were in. at
tendance to the teams from Pasadena,
Los Angeles and Thacher, which arrived
at noon. The supporters of the local team
were greatly in evidence. The manage
ment was excellent and the affair was a
grand* success. The summary of events is
as follows:
100-yard dash— Johnson, Santa Barbara, first;
Miller, Pasadena, second; Hopklna, Thacher,
third. Time. 10 4-5 seconds.
One mile, bicycle race— nelnhard, Los Ange
les, first; Orr, Ventura, second; Buell, Santa
Barbara, third. Time, 2 minutes 24 seconds.
Running broad Jump— Thompson. Santa Bar
bara, 20 feet 10 inches: Hopkins, Thacher, 20
feet t inches; Hardwood. Santa Paula. IS feet
11 Inches.
220-yard dash— Hopkins, Thacher, first; John
eon. Santa Barbara, second; Todd, Santa Paula,
third. Time. 23 1-a seconds.
. Twelve-pound hammer throw— Olson, Pasa
dena, 114 feet m Inches; Buell, Santa Barbara,
second; Bell, Ventura, third.
One mile, relay race— McBrlde, Alvord. Alvord
ar.d Hull. Ventura, first: Santa Paula team sec
ond. Time, 3 minutes 43 seconds.
Pole vault— Jones, Ventura, and Haxwood.
Santa Paula, tied at 9 feet (» Inches.
440-yard run— White. Los Anseles, first; Wen
pert. Santa Paula, second: Thompson, Santa
Barbara, thtril. Time. 54 seconds.
Running his;h Jump— Sheffield. Santa Barbara,
6 feet 3 Inches: Chandler. Los Angeles, and
Barddock tle.l for second.
Five-mile bicycle race— Buell. Santa Barbara,
flret; Orr. Ventura, second.
120-yard hurdle — Hopkins, Thacher, first;
Waller, Santa Barbara, second; Buchanan,
Pasadena, third Time, 21 1-5 seconds.
Twelve-pound shot put— Hagglns, Thacher,
and Olsnn, 1'asadena. tied for first. 3S feet 9&
Inches: Thompson, Santa Barbara, second.
One-mile run— ToJfl, Santa Paula, first: Con
rau. Los Angeles, second: Thompson. Santa
Barbara, third. Time. 5 minutes 5 seconds.
Fifty-yard dash— Gallup, Los Angeles, first;
Morrison. Santa Barbara, second; Sheridan.
Ventura, third.
The score is as follows:
Santa Barbara High School, 'S6;>Pasadena
Thoop's Institute. 13: Thacher School, 18; Loa
Angreles Normal. IS: Ventura High School, 17;
Santa Paula Hleh School, 17.
A reception and dance was tendered the
visitors by the local High School at the
Academy of Music this evening. A $50
silver loving cup, presented by the Ventu
ra Free Press, was awarded to the Santa
Bpecial Dispatch to Tbe Call.
tura High School.
Medals Awarded the Successful Com
petitors, "Who Are Afterward Ten
dered a Reception by Ven-
Easily Capture the South
ern California Cham
pionship.
SANTA BARBARA
SCHOLARS WIN
FIELD HONORS
EpecI&I ZMapatcb to Tha Call.
Miss M. Lora Gaines Becomes the Bride
of Edgar M, Swaseu of
UNION OF A POPULAR
COUPLE AT SACRAMENTO
Barbara School and two gold medals and
fifteen Bllver medals were awarded to
the individual victors. » ~-\ '• . ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
21
7 . - . '
I want erery man. old or young. In America who Is lacking in Ner»e or Vital Force from any J
cans* to know that when I ask yon to use "Beck's Won<Jer-W»>«'ker» for Men" I am cnlvaskirz
> you to uso the same wonderful remedy that cured me when I, like you, lacked that vitality and
1 strength without which a person is a man osly in same; (Read my solemn oath in this ad.) and
1 which hat restored more than 200.0x3 m-a to a full aad glorious manhood dariag the past two
: years. wonder-Workers are— there is no doubt about it— the Greatest remedy for Low Vitality
i from any cause nAdo anywhere on earth, aad their use, only one tablet at a dote three times a ]
1 day, will make you well and strong qcicker and at less expense than any other medicine just
1 ascertain as the san shines. Being a pure Nerve Food they feed the Nervous System and
1 absolutely drive Exhaustion, Debility and Pain from the human body. Tbey do not excite or '
t stimulate because they are entirely clear of phosphorus, Spanish fly or any other of the minerals '
1 or poisons tbmt make tha vile nostrums sold t>y the quacks so daagerous, and it Is perfectly safe <
1 to use them under any circumstances. Wonder-Warkers are ths Worn-out Man's Best Friefid, so *
1 low in price that the poorest man can afford to buy ihem, and I defy^ any man, old or young. <
who was weak where perfect men are strong, or who sobered from Varicocele or any Enfeebled *
Condition of the Geosral System, to say that be ased them as above directed without being (
I restored to perfect strsngth and manly vigor. Do Not Quit WorkI L'se them while working! *
1 1 OLD MAN ! U YOUNG MAN! II TIRED MAN! li
1 Thousands nf old m«n who Thousands of young and mid- If you are the unfortunate '
, thought thtlr ramsliJag days die-aged men gTowine prema- victim of lack of nerve you I
00 earth would ire f«w now turel? old Because of the prac- know it, and it would be use- 1
1 bleis the day that they com- tioe of vices or excess** Dave less to detail the rmptoms to •
1 m*oeed the n<e of thic greatest been restored to perfect ton. You can dep*nif owin it
I of all pain killers and eenalne strength and glorious man- that WONDER • WORKERS
1 strea/th bidder*. WONDER- ¦ hood oy the u*e of this worn- regenerate and build up the *
, WOKKEKSwlll bring about a out man's be«t friend, and if system of the tired man, aad <
degree *f health acrt atresstb you use Wonder-Workers give the proper functional ao- [
1 for you away bsjrend tae aver* you will surprise yourself and tions to all the vital organs. (
1 age man of youryeaii, and give your friends by oeooming m Be the kind of a man you ought
1 you great peace anc comfort. strong, maaly man. to be— yes, be a maaf I
! Beware of Frauds who imitate Wonder-Workers and steal my advertisements. <
I A machinist In Wll- ' ' ' *~ Ja aaL^ . ALawyerlnlrba«a,N.T., (
mlagton, Pel,, writes: J^**^* #•* am writes: "God bless you! 1
I '^May a.aven bless you. Rm £! If Wonder-Workers ha to
I Book! Your j^ '\^\ I B ¦ D .A^T^w. given me new
S Wonder- Work- W^\ fifa and I am
I -r« h»v» tr.aao a +J\. ¦ V^ * m Jf B M J~ J^. entirely well. '
jmaaofm*," jy.£^£?^_ O-"** — ~ —^^.7* %& f f~ Oh! how glad <
¦ (Mi fat w" : '
A Merrtuiat !¦ l*^*" W*Tl XN^l^ A Worklngmaa (
AosOn.Tex.,says: X kt f\V^ \\S In Canton. Ohio. 1
•Thank God. two •^•/# LJ \&S I l^^ 1 \^^ «ays: "God bless,
boi-iofWooScr-Wort- £» T^ X«« \af *" "ia. Mr. Beck! I ,
ers raade me stronger at i w " J 1. *-^,^^^ answered your adver-
Myear* thm I wa* at ti i»r-^*^ tlsement.u* > dyotirmed-
ye«xs." -^^r"^^^ • lcine. aad got well."
I have mere than 50,000 similar testimonials from men who have been cured. '
I YOUR 'KIDNEY$ ! 1 1 OVER-WORK. 1 1 VARICOCELE. I;
After von Ore afoslng tha so- Eacdreds of Lawyers, There is not a «.ase of Vart-
called kidnay remedies with- Preachers, Actors, and other cocele on earth to-day that ,
out >9T bcn<nt,nte WOKDSB- over-worked Professional aad Wonder-Workers used ao-
WOKfiERS »ad befurevar rid Bnslnes* Men who thought cording to directions, at your
of those dull pains in your tbey bad kidney trouble have homo, at your work, without
back. Discard that old fogy told me that they had nsvrr any appliances, will fail to 1
Idea of "pain In the kldne j»" been able to find anything qnickly. thoroughly and per- 1
and have, all your bladder and else to equal WONDER- manentlv core. It disorgan- .
urinary troubles oared, and WORKERS for the oure of ises all thepolsonous deposits,
your BJghUmad* restful by the - that pain in the hack, and tbe restores alftbe nerve currents, '
as* ofnoture'»jfre«test assist- all-goo* f*elio> that ao often snd absolutely annihilates '
ant— WO2«DEB- WORKERS. precedes paresis. . Varicocele— now be a caanl 1
Read My Affidavit of Protection The Price of My Wonder-Workers ;
1 DO 6OLEMNLT SWEAR that >«s tbaa Th* price of WOftSER-WORKEKS is) Only One '
WortceTrVy me"%b« fift^fo'ur ytSS^S: D «"*' P^ *"* •*"*• e ~ h wfth th- orde< ' i
e««cted a oure of sitrems \trvoas Exhaustion, . by express at your expense. It will cost yoo ,
d^ ¦Mce P .tst.«irtItfrcnryoor« P r e » If
Si! t^r^rno^SenTi 1^ h L?lWZ£l£& r^ -"«! *«-« I will w«« lb.» by «-il p«- \
with tbelr ssje. - •¦¦:¦¦. OEO. 8. BECK. 'paid, thus saving you ten cents. I fill all
aldarofoitobrrlA^D'i'soSl 0 ' 0 "*' 11 " >*"««»"™ <* ? cd T*f^!
CEO. A. BEARD, Notary Public. ' 0« Not Se«<l free Samples.
' I am tha only man la the medicine business who has solemnly sworn that the medlclc» he-
' sells cured himself, and that the names of all who buy will be held sacred. I I am tbo aole owner 1
and proprietor of "Beck's Wonder-Werkers for Men," and I want to have it distinctly aad forever 1
understood that I naver have had, do sot now, nor never will have any affiliation t in any way 1
with the "Private Prescription" frauds,- "C. O. D." blackmailers, 1 "Doctor by Mail" imposters, 1
"Free Trial" humbugs, ''Magnetic" fakirs, or "Divine Healer" scamps,' all of whom I have 1
been exposing for years, aod every one of. whom are totally unworthy of the patronage of any 1
man. -.Their tUhy. circular* and advertisements betray their vcIgaritT. igncrar.c<? and cupidity; 1
ami the hundreds of letters I receive every, week from men whose health has been ruined by 1
their vile nostrums prove that the staff they soil is poison instead of medicine. 1
i I have lived 'here. at 430 South Market Street, Sprin&neld, ' Ohio, for years where I do as 1
square a business as aay man in the world.' and if yon nave any doubt about me write to Mr. R. <
A. Cobaugh, Cashier of tha First National Bank of this city (the bank of which Ex-GoTernor
Husbnell, of Ohio, is President) or to any of your friends who may be living here. HaTing ,
suffered myself I feel for others, and want you to believe me always and sincei* y your friend, \
GEO. S. BECK, 420 So. Market St., SPRINGFIELD, OHIO. !
N,}A*//\l , DR - PIERCE'S
Jlpg| ELECTRIC
impW BELT.
THI3 EZLT 13 ITaH.
yj^s. ranted to be the latent Im-
proved, most powerful an!
In aTl respects the best now manufactured la
*ny part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows lu electric current tr»
be double that of any other. Easily regutatei.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and ele<?trot!«i.
Doub!« wire suspensory for men. It will cur*
any disease en earth that It Is possible to cur*
with electricity, and lt cures when others fail.
Buy ao belt till you see "Dr. Plerce's. 1 *
"Booklet No. 2." free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Addres*
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hatel). SAN FRAXCTSCO
Eastern Office — Kew York City.
Ey« Masses can be mais^comfortabta with
OUR new clips, properly adjusted.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairtr.ff. Phccs Main 13. »
Ur IILiApO PunTDG"^ *
C/IO M - * Sc.eNT.ric
64Z Market ot. instruments
oMDta cnRo/*icLt BOOING. Catalogue Trie.
1SEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARXT AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
rnoiieled and renovated. KINO, WARI» &
CO. European plas. Rccmi, W: u 11 i) day;
U to M week: J3 to $20 monto. Free baths: hut
and cold water every room; fir* sra>t«a la «v«ry
rccm; elevator runs all niKbt.
f$P*5\ Cured
>^® While
J^Mhr SIeep
Ci.Cut«r.a.D.LL.D. Tfl 1£v HfliiR
IWl».Jii<.l M .l.ti n . HI 1CJ -L/QLJO.
u Oraa.8*lTeatr dlualres Rtrlctar* Uk«
•now beneath trie man, reduce* KJI-
LABGED PBOSTATE, and »trenstJi-
ena tho NemiiiAl Doota. atopplnr drain*
and emltiloiu IA FIFTZK.V DAYS.
Ho draff* to ruin trie itomarh, bat m di-
rect tornl and po«ltl-re application to th»
entire I'rrlhal Tract.
GRAX-SOLVEXT ii the wonder of the
century. Discovered by the Chemist Fabrion.
it quickly interested the great Scientist and
Physician, Erdmao, who developed lt and pro-
claimed that marvelous action in Crethal Ail-
ments which electrified the world.
At an enormous expense DR. C. J. CARTER
outstripped all compelhprs and secured exclusive
control on the Western Continent for the ST.
/AMES ASSOCIATION.
Gran-Solvent is not a liquid. It Is prepared.
In the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and
flexible, and so narrow as to pass the closes;
Strictnre.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
The venerable Dr. C. J. Carter, President of
the St. James Association, has prepared at great
expense an exhaustive illnstra- qs.-- _
ted Treatise upon the male sys- PT HJ i. t_ I
tern, which the association will P fff £ P "
•end to any male applicant * BBsM»ta ¦
St. James Ass'n, 2jQ YinaSt., Cincinnati, Q.
T>13TTCLJI7Q FO R BARBERS. BAK-
KXl U kjXlJCi»J ers - bootblacks, bath-
*" Aaw ""'~ nouses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
ISUCtiA.VA..* L»KOo..
Brush Manufacturers. 6O9 Sacramento S:
LEADING AMERICAN COMPANIES.
STATEMEINT STATEMENT
OF THE OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE OP THE
INSURANCE COMPANY INSURANCE COMPANY
OP HARTFORD, TX THE STATE OF COM- f\ T SPRINGFIELD, IN THE STATE OP
nectlcut, on the 31st day of Decemtw, v Massachusetts, on the S:st day of December
A. D. 1S99. and for the year ending on that A. D. 1S3X and for tha year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner day. as ma<Je to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro- of the Stats of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 of the Political visions of sections 610 and «U of tho Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by ths e ' ccncSenseU as per blank furnished by ths
CAPITAL* Amount of Capital Stock, paid op !n
Amount ot Capital Stock, paid up In Cash yi.aOO.nco no
Cash •••••••••.•••«.¦....•••••*••••••¦¦ .$1,000,000 00 . —_.-.,_.-, -
— ¦¦ ASoiJXo. •
Real Estate owned by Coraraay.... $12*434 0
ASSETS. clfhVa^t^al^o^afl 1^^ 'W-.'SCO 00
Real Estate owned by Company $2=?.St5 4J Ijondsfowned by* Company-??!". T.* 1 $,£« 335 CO
Loans on Bond and Mortgage T3C.049 CO Amount of Loans secured by j.!"?djre
Cash Market Value of all Stock* aad of Bends. Stocks and other mariet-
Bonds owned by Company....* 2.5CT.S6S 00 able securities as collateral *>.5S CO
Cash in Bank, 231.616 16 g£ £ g£2?f.?. 5^^^™
Premiums In du« Cotirsto of Collec- Interest due and accrued oa all
tlon 433.4T7 1J Stocks and Loans 20.393 03
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
Total Assets H.MLWS 83 and Mortgages 16.1i5,«S
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion JC2.994 S3
LIABILITIES. Ellis receivable, not Matured taken
Losses Adjusted and unpaid ISO.IU S« • J^ a £2JJ lrine Ri3k9> r * nts '
Losses in process of Adjustment or ' '.- f j^,. rrorn other comranV«."'foVr^
In Suspense I14.C53 15 Insurance on losses already paid... J SIS SO
Losses resisted, tneludlns expenses.. 15,330 63 — —
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Total Assets S4.3-«.xn 0*
ning one year or less, S1.575.7U 19; TTATmrrrrq
50 per cent mm. „„ „
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- Losms in process of Adjustment or
nlng more than one year. $1,936.- In Sn.«.»-.«» 123.3T5 »
4SJ 93: re-lnsurance pro rata 99«.W1 47 Losses resisted, includes expanses.. 9. SCI 13
All other demands against the Com- GroM premiums en Fire RWks run-
„„_„ ¦•¦« 1U .* ¦ ning one year or leas. $1,2£>,T72 23:
P* 11 ' • i...<j» 13 re-insurance 10 per cent C7,G« U
T«»^f Thknitbl 1" 1— » vi «i Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run- :.•
Total Liabilities .I..1.-KXJ5 ning mcr9 than one year $1>S21> . ¦
773 62: re-lnsurane* pro rata SoS.943 U
. ,vro«p Commissions &nd Brokerage du» and
i.NCOME. . • to b^on,, due :2sj ., 9 ,
Net Cash actually received for F1r«
premiums |3,179,15« M Total Uabllltie* ll.7r..?4a n
Received for Interest on Bond* and IXCOJTB.
Mortgage. ............................ 45.680 S< ' recelved tor y^
Received for Interest and dividends premiums «.«92,IS3 H
' on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from Received tor Interest on Bonds and
all other sources 142.128 61 Mortgages 33.341 S3
Received for Rents «2 11 Received for Interest and dividends
Profit on .ale of Real E*ate " 1.400 00 •» »»£. *^*™£*J?™ 14 ,. :n „
Total Income W:3g>.2S« 54 Received for Rents 4.C37
Total Incoms ...1...«....^....>1.373.<S< S>
PYPr\m[Tll ura 7
• r*.\rii.'ii'iiuuw. E2CPKN OI'I'L'HE3
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (U- ' Xet amount P a5d for Fire Losses (!n-
1 eluding J175.051 73. losses of pr«vl- eluding *17j.9«1 M. losses of previ-
ous years) Jl,r8.«7 43 ous years) J1.0«t.2tO «
Dividends to Stockholders.. 1T0.00O CO Dividends to StockhoM-rs - Etf.COO 09
Paid or allowed for Commission of Paid or allowed for Comralss'.oa or
Brokerage 409,405 M Brokerage 3no.2f;6 «
Paid for Salaries, fee* and other Paid for Salaries, feea and other
charges for o£fle«r«. clerks, etc.... 130.13* 33 charges for officer*, clerks, etc... 110.106 15
Paid for Bute. National and local Paid for State. National and local
Uues S3.038 49 taxes - S3. XI 73
AH other payment* and expendl- All other payrr*nts and exp»ndl- -
tures 2W.3S3 85 ture* iH.SH 33
Total Expenditures '„ ...,H.8gS.54< g* Total Expenditures .tl.9a.S5 ?4
Loasea lnourred during th* year $L374.s:3 J7 Lo«es Incurred dnrlr.g th« year Jl.CO.in S3
Risks and Premium*. Fire Risks. Premiums. Risks and Premium*. IFire Rl?ks.i Premiums.
Net amount of Risks Net amount of Risks!
written ¦ during the written during the!
year... JMS,«94,93« n. 797. 574 W year I 131. 734, C5 E.132.207 M
Net amount of Risks * Net amotint of Risks
expired during the • ' " . expired during the
year 152.S0.W3 t. 61 6. 649 01 .year 1S6.9O.51S J.Wi.J-2 12
Net amotint In force Net traonnt fn force
December 31. 1S99 341.S7M23S.512.ra 03 December 31. 1S39 25t2.CCS.341 g.8S7.0C U
JAMES NICHOLS, President. ~ A. W. DAMON*. President.
B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary. S. J. HALL. Secretary. " -
Subscribed and . sworn to before me. this Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
23d day of January. 1300. 26th. day of January, irwo.
FRED B. SEYMOUR. Notary Public. P. 8. BAILET. Notary Punlte.
' PACIFIC DEPARTMENT :
4O9 CALIFORNIA STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
GEO; D.DORNIN, GEO. \AI. DORNIN. /
manager. Assistant Manager.
CITY (S. F.) DEPARTMENT:
H. :C AHPEL <£ CO., Agfents,
/ 215 SAN SOME STREET
¦» ¦ 'd
/ it the principal cause of disease. It Is very Imnortant to
keep the blood pure. If you have Impure blood you are In a
> Car.g'erous condition. One of the strangest things about It Is
* that most people who have impure blood are not avara of It.
' Still they wonder why they feel tired, why the appetite ts '
' poor, why the heaxl aches, why they have the "blues." ner- /
rousness, coctlveness. ekin eruptions and stomach derange- V
; xnent. Chronic <U*eaaes are the result If propex treatment Is .'
/ not taken, then your life will ba a miserable existence If |
' death does not take you away. '•
" Purify your blood and rfft**- ' '
{ prevent further trouble. C^i«W^^'"*^S '
t rhere la no remedy that -^A '
equals '
j Hii^^J^
' for <I!«Tr^*=r»1 blood. j?t«? KT ""*"^ ' "**¦ Maaa^fcJtMfcsM^s^s^^^y ¦
tILECTROZONE acts ¥fg3\U ._ . li-
julckly In removing; all fK$f*3f ' The most obsiir.ate ca.-es EV'
'. lmpuritl*8 from the blood. Fpik&t oi >' far3 ' star.ding of R^
£¦ rlTirc ; h*> Mood r5chnes«. fc»7jQfa> i n , ' .. fcj".
purity and nourishing \£&'W\ KhiOlTiatlSin. S.
Thousands of women »W«=^ u- KldflSV fldd , ; ' \s
ar.d men throughout th© <*p>rf'l m j4 i'»i a P>
civilized world have been Kf»^J Bladder AlllH^IltS, BA
: curM of blood disorder by lonJ'& <*•*•/-¦• BA
» tfcjur.sj electbozone. %%$' ™ Female Complaints, B-!
{ /^Pi fifX^ ¦ 1 *^" **Lf?^4i r?j hav«i beon quickly and per- fi'>
\1 Bc^* 8 *^// 3tas8^PS<Cs\ It !b a Trond<»rful remedy — |S ,
\\ rtr <*53*3£S**5>/* curin? -n-hon all other r«»me- *•;
;. , vy tlfllarawiV wfsCT/ffica!!Vw dIes fail> lt haa cure<1 thou - s»
'9 > ¥>>2&&£&3£^*£&^?^b$ KLECTROZO.VR MFG. CO., B 1 -
•a [w!»ft9t»>JV^y^^rr San Franclsco - W s
ADVERTISEMENTS.
51 Hi? fast's napeAiome shoes
3'Q H* will lessen the burden of f\
A styles -and '^^ A fe^.
especially low prices- §1
l^^ or 5^ e P in an(^ 6ee ern - *^j
# HI til J'.' y « ' "f 1 f» ?»." v V9 9¦' But few men have self confidence enough
to argue with a pretty woman.
c *?r - W - H: Ma y» resumed J practice 1116
Butter, cor. Larkln ; res.. Hotel Granada.*
Awards to Pupils of California School
of Design Made Last
\.' Night.'
A reception was given last night at the
building of the California School of De
sign, cornerof Pine and Mason streets,
to friends of the pupils and the members
of the San Francisco Art Assoclatlon.jthe
occasion being the ending of the "school
year. The awards were also made.
President James W. Byrne made a few
remarks to the assembled guests, and the
curator. Captain Robert H. Fletcher, fol
lowed with his report, wlilch showed that
the attendance during the year had been
larger than ever.
Professor A. F. i Mathewa Introduced
Horace G. Platt, who delivered some re
marks on behalf of the board of directors
of the art association. -The followlnB
named were the recipients of the awards:
Drawing from life— Willfam S. Wright.
Louis Upton, Rose Campbell. Sidney Ar
mer, Sophie Brannan. Jofin E. "Woolrich,
Desmond Cosgrave, Percy; Ivory, Marian
Huber and Oeorge Dannenberg. •
Painting of figure, still, life and por
trait—Lucia K. Matthews, Charles 'L.
Turner, Louise Breeze, Rose . Campbell,
>. ora Cashin and : Ella Rosenberg.
rawlng -' antlf l u e class— Emily Travers.
Charlotte Butler, Ada Davis, Nina Bind
and Walter 'Frei.
Sculpture, life and antique— Gertrude
F. Boyle and Lucinda M. Butler.
Sketch class and perspective sketches —
May Berringer. Francis Robinson, . Percy
Ivory; w perspective. Bertha Boye.
t Night class, antique and life drawing-
Life class: F. C. Berjer, Christian HJul.
Benjamin Kafka: antique class: Milton
B. Rollen and . Thomas . Smith.
Saturday .class, antique and portrait —
Aline Meade* Edward C. i Day,. Margaret
Postlethwaite, Leon L. M. Rey and Ger
trude Gaston.
ART BRANCH OF THE
STATE UNIVERSITY
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. £0c flask. Klchards & Co.. 406 Clay.
Rally and Essay Contest.
The fourth district rally and essay con
test of the Lreague of the Cross will be
held this afternoon in Native Sons' Hall,
on Mason street. A splendid programme
has been arranged, including musical
numbers by Miss Rose Broderlck. Pro
fessor Thomas Nowlan and William
Judge. Major D. C. Deasy will act as
chairman. Essayists from St. Mary's
Cathedral. St. Brigid's, Holy Cross. Sa
cred Heart and St. Francis' parishes will
compete.
A record of success attained Is always
interesting. In this day of the sharpest
competition in mercantile affairs ever
known the assertion is freauently made
that a young man starting his career
without capital is badly handicapped. In
dividual instances disproving this asser
tion, however, constantly recur and tend
to emphasize the theory that business
capacity, combined with energy, will cre
ate opportunity and mold it into success.
Twelve years ago a firm was established
at the corner of Sixth and Harrison
streets In San Francisco for the purpose
of creating a trade in tobacco. With a
stock of 500 cigars and one horse and
wagon the head of the firm started out
peddling in a small way his limited stock.
In the course of ten years, by persistent
attention to business, the sale for gooda
so increased that larger accommodations
became imperative. The business, was ac
cordingly moved to a more pretentious
building on Market street, where to-day
the combined space of three floors are
only sufficient to transact the firm's
affairs and twelve delivery wagons are in
constant use. The firm referred to is
Chas. Mattheas & Co., 1430-32-34 Market
street, and their stock of tobaccos com
prises the largest variety carried by any
store In the United States, and their
wholesale trade is limited only by the
boundaries of the entire State. The stock
comprises from twelve to fifteen hundred
brands and no house on the coast Is bet
ter equipped to satisfy the user of to
bacco. The firm is the coast agent for
many of the leading brands of cigars,
both foreign and domestic. A branch haa
recently been opened at the corner of
Eddy and Market streets that has created
much favorable comment. Beside being
most centrally located it Is artistically
unsurpassed by any similar store in the.
city.' It is finished throughout with only
California material and labor and is a
tribute to California's craftsmanship. The
firm is now receiving semi-monthly im
portations of the leading brands of Ha
vanna cigars, a feature that Insures the
freshest and finest stock to smokers. •
Substantial Result of Individual
Effort.
A CREDITABLE SHOWING.
A new four-masted schooner, the largest
ever 'built on the Pacific Coast, was
launched last night from Matthew Tur-
Launching of the Rosamond.
The steam schooner J. S. Klmball waa
launched last night- at Everett and the
work of getting her ready for commis
sion will be rushed as fast' as possible
She Is built on the same lines as the
steamer Nome City, now being outfitted
at Mission street, but is eight feet longer
and Is believed to be a speedier sailer
She is to be built up in the same manner
as the Nome City for the Nome trade and
will carry a large number of passengers
and lots of freight. About 300,000 feet of
dressed • lumber will be loaded upon her
at once, and she will be brought , down
here this week in tow of a. tug. The lum
ber-will be just sufficient to build herun
On her arrival here all of the men possible
will be put to work on her. and it is ex
pected that she will be made ready for
sea . more rapidly than any other vessel
ever outfitted in this port. The J. S. Klm
ball is the sixth of the series 'of Nome
traders built for the Kimball Steamship
Company. ,
Another New Nome Trader.
The Barfillan was on her way from Car
diff for Santa Rosalia and had nearly
reached her destination when the accident
happened. Young Warner was out on the
bowsprit fishing when he lost his balance
and tell overboard. A lifebuoy was Imme
diately thrown to him, the sails put aback
and a boat lowered. For three hours th«j
boat rowed back and forth over the spot
where the young man had fallen, but not
a trace of him could be found.
The boat was called back and then Cap
tain Arthur put on his thinking cap. He
reasoned that the wind that was constant
ly carrying the Barfillan to leeward would
have no effect on the lifebuoy and its oc
cupant, supposing young Warner had suc
ceeded In reaching it. He accordingly
started in working the Barflllan to wind
ward, and after eight hours of persistent
searching the lifebuoy with Warner hang
ing in it more dead than alive was 'found.
He was got aboard quickly, and two days
later was as well as ever. It was before
breakfast when Warner fell overboard,
and the sun had set and darkness was
coming on before he was rescued. Many
another captain would have given up the
eearch long before, but Arthur stuck to
it and rescued his man.
It is rarely that a man falls overboard
in midocean and after eleven hours of tor
turing doubt is picked up by his ship
again after all hope had fled. Marry War
ner, an apprentice boy on the British ship
Barfillan, nad such an experience, and he
is not likely to forget it in a hurry. He
is a brother of Captain Warner, late chief
oflicer of the St. l-'iul and now master of
the bit; Nome steamer C. D. Lane. In a
letter to his brother he says that hart it
not been for Captain Arthur of the Bar
flllan, who persisted in keeping up the
search after every man on board had
given him up for dead, he would never
nave been heard from again. •
Arthur Deserves a Medal. .
There was another exodus yesterday of
vessels bound for the gold fields. They
did not take many passengers, as all of
them are to call at other ports for their
loads on the way north. The Homer was
the first to get away. All her passenger
accommodation was taken up, but the
gold hunters among them will leave the
vessel at Dutch Harbor, as the vessel is
under contract to carry the Government
mail to all Alaskan points. Among those
who went north on the vessel was the
Russian Archbishop. His diocese takes
in Alaska and the Alentlan Islands, and
this will be his annual tour of inspection.
The choir of the Graeco-Kussian church
on Filbert street was down to see thb
Arcnbishop away. There was a praise
service and a tew prayers, after winch
the faishop- bestowed his blessing.
The Koma City, aan Blaa ana Centen
nial followed the Homer to sea. The Koms
City only tooK away about a dozen pas
sengers. From here she goes to Portland
whtre 400 gold hunters await her. The
ban Bias Is under charter from the Pacific
Mail to John itosenf eld's Sons, and goes
from here to Seattle to load passengers
and freight for Nome. The Centennial
also goeb to Seattle, where she will load
ireight and pas.stnge.rs lor tne gold fields.
The Zealandia will sail Monday tor
Nome direct with 750 passengers, the Se
quoia will get away Tuesday and then
evtry day thereafter for a week one or
more steamers will join the rush to the
worth.
The Homer Takes Many Passengers
for Unalaska — Nome City, Cen
tennial and San Bias Will
Load on the Sound.
More Ships Sail for Cape
Nome and "Still There's
More to Follow."
Thp fer.st of th*» Ascension, which falls
on TT'urvday. May 24. will be observed
with more than usual ceremony this
y<\ir at the Church of the Advent. Elev
enth street, near Market. The choir of
the church, assisted by the choir of
Christ Church. Alameda. will hold a
festival under the auspices of the Vested
Choir Association. Solemn evensong will
hf> Fun-r. Th«* programme will consist of
the •' Magnificat" ar.rt "Nunc Dimittls in
E fl?t." by .Tohn E. West: "The Men of
Galilee." njithem. by Vincent: and an ar
rang'-mfnt by Thompson of "Lead, Kind
ly Light." for trif-rs's rolces. The music
¦will be vrnoVr The <1irection of J. d»» P.
Teller of Christ Church. Alameda. Har
vey Loy. the organist of the church, will
Fcp.st of Ascension.
Danced to Build a Hall
The- ladies of Sunnyside. appeared In
their best bib and tucker at a social given
in the new hall at Sunnyside last night.
The object of the entertainment was to
raise money with which to finish the
building, nnd to this end all the residents
of the district cheerfully co-operated,
making the affair one long to be remem
bered by those who were present. The
following contributed lnrerelv to the suc
cess of the entertainment: W. O. Hicks,
W. B. Peel. Mrs. Houser. Mrs. Ewell,
Mrs. Peel. Mrs. Gus Sehnee. Mrs. Stover,
Miss Virginia Ewell. Mrs. O'Connor. Mrs.
Morgan and Mrs. Head. The member? of
the. Mission Federation of Improvement
Clubs paid a brief visit to the hall during
the evening.
Notice to Passengers.
Round-trip transfer tickets op sale at
any of our offices. One trunk (round trip),
50 cents. Morton Special Delivery. 40S
Taylor street, 650 Market street, Oakland
ferry depot. •
' render the instrumental music. An ad
[ dress will be delivered by Rev. Martin
\ Ray of Oakland.
E. Boreard, who was stabbed on Broad
way Friday night, was removed to the
City and County Hospital yesterday. Dr.
Thorne hail to perform the operation cl
laperotomy. The chances are now in fa
vor of Boreard recovering. Tho knife
wound penetrated about six inches into
Borcard's bowels.
The America Maru sailed yesterday for
the Orient via Honolulu. She did not
carry many passengers, but had a full
cargo of freight aboard. Among those
who went away in the cabin were Mis?.
Thompson and Miss Swain, two young
women who will make a tour of Hawaii.
Water Front Notes.
ner's yards at Benicia. She is to be added
to the Williams-Dimond fleet, and will be
commanded by Captain D. H. Warde, late
of the bark Diamond Head. She is in
tended for the island trade and will be
able to carry 2000 tons of sugar. The
Rosamond will be titted with a gasolim.
engine aft to assist in hoisting the sails,
and Jwill have all the appliances to make
her a first class vessel in every respect.
She will be ready for service early In
June.
List of the Graduates and Character
of Exercises to Be
Held.
This will be commencement week at
Mills Seminary and the programme of
exercises has just been announced.
Twenty-two young ladies will be given
diplomas, seven from the college and fif
teen from the seminary. They are:
College— Grace Caroline Agar. Jessie Ells
worth Burnftt. Mary Louise Uurnett, Blanche
Annette Rice, Anna Christina Coyle, Jeannette
Ellison, Shlge Imamura. .
Seminary— Mabel Coyle. Rosabelle Fttch, T>a
vlda Catherine French, Ethelwynne Potter
Oardiner, Mattle McCullough. Leila Wlllette
McDermott, Elna Jllller, Laura L. Nordyke,
Hazel Moorn Patterson. Winifred II. Roberts.
Edythe E. Sargent, Kallona K. Scott, Evelyn
S. £hort, Addie S. Taylor, Charlotte II. Wil
liams.
The regular commencement exercises
will be held on Wednesday next. Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler, president of the State
University, Is to deliver the annual ad
dress. The exercises will open with a
hymn, in which the entire school will join,
and then a prayer by Dr. Robert F. Coyle,
pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
Oakland. A chorus composed of »he
young ladies of the school will sing before
and after the address of Dr. Wheeler.
Afterward will come tho presentation of
diplomas and the conferring of degrees.
The closing concert of the spring term
will take place on Tuesday evening, under
the direction of Professor Louis Lesser.
Those who will take part are: Miss Osie
Ringer, Miss Ko Matsuda, Miss Alice
AVoodbury, Miss Elna Miller, Miss Opal
Mil*T, Miss Willie Finley, Miss . Daisy
Goodman, Miss Beulah George and Miss
Grace El mo re.
COMMENCEMENT, WEEK
AT MILLS SEMINARY
c/p? LAMBDA, May 16.— Here's a team
/I \\ of young hall players who can
jl "\ sidestep squared circles all around
any other nine of would-be cham
pions of their size and years in the State.
None of them is over 16 and each can
field, bat and run like a demon.
So far the Alameda High School base
ball aggregation has run up against but
one team that could beat it— St. Mary's
College of Oakland— and the members of
that team are much older and more ex
perienced at the game. Twice they have
"put it on" the students of Anderson's
Academy and successively "done" Heald's
Business College, the Oakland High, the
Wilmerding and other academic schools,
.winning altogether thirteen out of four
teen games.
The High School midgets line up In the
following order: Chauncey Pratt, pitcher
and captain; Herbert Clover, pitcher;
Jack Bliss, catcher; Milo Hickox, first
base; Arthur Donovan, second base;
George Burkhardt. shortstop; Leslie
Gurnsey, third base; Ralph Boyd, lelt
Held; Randolph Weinman, center field;
Herbert Bruntsch. right field. Neil Eaton
successfully manages the team.
Alameda High School Team. i
1. Jack Bliss. 2. Chauncey Pratt. 3. Herbert Clover. 4. Leslie Gurnsey. 5 George Burkhardt. 6. Neil Eaton. 7. Ar- i
thur Donovan. S. Milo Hickox. 9. Randolph Weinman. 10. Herbert Bruntsch. 11. Ralph Boyd. I
Several days apo I>eti»otlve« Gibson and
Ellis, who were looking for Wykes.
learned that his wife had received a dis
patch from h!m instructing her to meet
him iv. St. Louis. The Chief of Police of
tKe latter city was ai once notified, and as
the train on which she was a passenger
prilled ir.to the depot Wykes appeared and,
recf)frniz!np his wife, who was standing on
the platform of urn? of the cars, fondly
embraced her. He was at once taken into
custody.
It is eln'.rned by the police tViat the larg
est portion of Wykes' ill-gotten pains were
squandered at the racetrack.
The firm lost no time in reporting the
natter to the police, and every effort was
made to locale Wykes. .but without avail.
Circular* containing his picture and de
scription, 'together with the facts of the
crime, were sent to every chief of police
In the United States, with instructions to
apprehend him ptnding the arrival of an
officer from this city. When arrested in
St. Louis Wj-kes wa^ almost penniless, but
nevertheless he declared that he would
vigorously oppose any attempt to extra
dite'him."
Wykes was connected with the firm of
Whitney & Co. for some time and wa.«
considered one of the most trusted agents
of tile firm. In an t vi» moment hf* helped
himself to his employer?' funds and squan
dered the amount in riotous living. Learn
ing that his defalcation had been discov
ered h<» suddenly disappeared r.nd it was
f-uppos«-d th;u he had gone to New Vork.
where his relatives live.
On n-ceipt of th«- telegram Captain Sey
ir.our Immediately wirr.l the St. Louis po
lire to hoiu (Vylces until the nectssary
papers were ir.au? out. A representative
of ihp local police department will go to
day to Sacramento and induce the Gov
ernor to ti»n a warrant for the defaulting
Bgr-nt. The olficer will then proceed to St.
Louis nnd fnrrrally take charge of Wykes.
Certain of Detectives Seymour received
last night the fuUov.-ir.g dispatch from the
Fr. Louis Chief of Police: "Have arrested
\V. T. 'A\\ kf s, for whom you have been
looking .for snir.p tim^. He admits his
idrntity km refuses to return to San
Francisco without extradition papers. I
thall hold h\m until I hear frcm you."
TV'. T. TVykes. who was formerly confi
dential agent of C. E. Whitney & Co..
wholesale produce dealers at 110 and 112
Davis street, and. who skipped with sev
rral thousand dollars belonging to the
firm, if under arrest in St. Louis. He wes
apprehended yesterday on a telegraphic
description furnished by the local police.
Caught in St. Ixmis, Where He
"Went to Meet His Wife.
He Admits His
Guilt.
Arrest of Wykes, the De
faulting Agent of Whit
ney & Co.
SQUANDERED THE
MONEY HE STOLE
01 THE "PONIES"
As soon as the result of the election of
directors had been announced the articles
of incorporation '.were signed. In these
the purpose of the association, which is
to build a home for the labor organiza
tions of the city, to be called the Labor
Temple, was set forth. The capital stock
was fixed at $200,000, divided into 40,000
shareswt $5 per share. The stock already
bubscribed for was estimated at $20,000.
After the eleven directors had signed the
articles as ineorporators temporary of
llcers were elected as follows: President,
E. L. Malsbary; vice president, O. A.
Tveitmoe; secretary, E. L. Clapp. .There
was no contest for these positions, there
being- one nomination for each office.
The session lasted about two hours and
was marked by the greatest harmony.
The first instilment of 20 per cent on the
shares, or Jl per share, was collected,
marking the actual beginning of the pay
ment of funds for securing the desired site
and building. The articles of incorpora
tion being duly acknowledged before a
notary, will be taken to the City Hall to
morrow to be placed on record and a copy
will be forwarded to the Secretary of
State at Sacramento.
The stockholders of the Labor Temple
Association met last evening at 915% Mar
ket street for the purpose of electing di
rectors and temporary officers preliminary
to Mine articles of incorporation of the
association. Not all the stockholders were
present, but about 1300 shares were repre
sented in the Tote cast for the first board,
who will serve until the Urst annual meet-
Ing after the incorporation has been ef
fected and will also aopear as the incor
porators.
The temporary- directors are: K. L.
Malsbary. \V. H. Hutchinson, E. Penn.
Francis .Drake, M. J. Black, O. A. Tveit
moe, \V. H. Blehdon, K. 1-. Clapp, J. E.
McDougald, Guy Lathrop and ueorge 1>.
Kelley. There was no opposition to them
and their election was practically unani
mous. /
Papers Giving New Organization a
Legal' Status Are Signed and
Will Be Filed for Record
at Once.
Temporary Directors ' and
Officers of Association
Elected.
T0 INCORPORATE
TO BUILD THE
LABOR TEMPLE
CHAMPIONS OF THEIR
CLASS ON THE COAST
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, SUKDAT, MAY 20, 1900.
22
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
Shphq
S^lip of* T grpc
Monday morning we will begin the most
unusual reduction sale of laces ever held in
this city in the midst of a great lace season.
Among the goods that have been reduced for
this sale are light, airy laces for trimming fou-
lards and summer dresses, heavy Venice laces
for .trimming underwear, chiffon laces for fancy
work and black laces tor trimming silks.
Ecru Mechlin lace from Fancy cotton lace with
i to 3 inches wide, reduced insertion to match from 2 to
from 5c, ioc and 15c, sale • 5 inches wide, reduced from
price o 15c, 25c and 35c, sale price,
3c a yard .
Ecru and white Vandyke 5c a yard
Venice lace from 3 to 5 Colored chiffon lace, white
inches wide, reduced from net top Lierre lace, heavy
35c, 50c and 65c, sale price cream silk laces from 6 to
9, 10 inches '.wide, reduced
c a y^ard frQm and 3l> sale
Net top Pt. de Gene lace, price ¦. A -
cream silk chahtilly, white He a yard
Oriental lace from 7 to 12 y . , f
inches wide, reduced from . h M
75c, S1.00 and $1.25, sale ucedfr0m$I . 5o , sale p r i ce>
P " Ce 2 3cayard , 3 5c a yard
Net top cream and white *
laces, demi flounces, 15 All silk black chantilly
inches wide, reduced from lace from 4 to 6 inches wide,
$1.50, $1.75 and $2.00, regular value 35c, 50c and
sale price 75 C > sale P rice »
¦. ;3athihg. Suits
,. . We announce the opening this 'week of bathing suits in
r 'this season's styles which are ; now displayed in our
,) windows and store. There is a complete assortment for
'•.¦-men, women and children in alpaca, flannel, duck and
"cotton , also wool knitted suits. 'X
The stock comprises everything from that which is
cheap, yet good up to the best and most expensive.
The above goods note on display in our window3.
lOO^
129 Kearny Street
¦ ADVEBTISSHENTS. \L_
This week we will have on
sale complete lines of the following
NEW GOODS;
LADIES! FANCY SILK WAISTS, In hemstitched, corflel
and tucked, all the new colors, also whites, hlacks
and creams.
LADIES' FINE SWISS RIBBED UNDERWEAR, In wool,
cotton, lisle and silk, all shapes and hoth white and
colors.
LADIES' BLACK LIBERTY RUFFS, BLACK LIBERTY
RUFFLLNG, and JUBY TRlMMlNGS-an elegant
assortment.
MOUSSELINE TAFFETA RIBBONS, latest spring novel-
ties, 7 Inches In width, all the new pastel shades,
fop milllneru and neckwear,
LADIES' REYNIER GLOVES, In hoth SUEDE and GLACE,
In all the new shades of mode, gray, tan and
. hrown, also hlacks.
LADIES' FINE FEATHER SCARFS, 36. 45, 54 and 72
inches loig, In BLACKS, GRAYS and NATURAL.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
OUR ENTIRE STOCK of All-Wool FRENCH GRENADINES
and ETAMINES, 48 Inches wide, hoth colored and
hlack, .
Reduced to 50c yard
Former prices SK75, S2.00 and 52.50 uard
HI, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
CASH-OR-LITTLE-lT-A-TDrB.
HANT3SO3IE MAHOOANT ROMAM
CHAIRS at the above price. A carload
Just unpacked and ready for Inspection.
Bend five cents la stamps for postage
on new catalog.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
ton ' 1023 MISSION STREET.
ABOVE SIXTH.
Finns Sontii U. S»n FrineUca.
15 o 1 n f*a T* 1 * covered pajssatr--
A dlClUC way connecUng the««
~ two Immense struc-
-~~ """"~"-"~-~~"-" tures places under
' J : > one management 1100
nun rooms, 900 of which
t * xiv * have baths attached
______^^_ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
Pttrt«««1 ct the w or!d recognlza
VJiallU and appreciate the
" 11W comforts and convenl-
trices ottered by thes*
hotels.
LJaJ-a n American plan. £u-
JLiUlUlo ropean plan.
D&UALL'S KEiiNYlG0RAI0Rp?33§i
Five hundred reward for any
case we canr.ot cure. Thi< secret &^ »*ti
remedy stops all losses In 2i \ n
hours, cures Emissions. Impo- 5?531 WQtXl
tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. "r*^ T*tn
Gleet, Fits. Strictures. Lose jtlU liTJ
Manhood and all wasting effect* EJ S£«
of Belf-abuse or excess-^. Sect Cj~Jiin^*LaJ
scaled. (2 bottle: 3 bottles. S5;~ Kuaranteed to
cur* any ca»e. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IM-
8TITUTE. 8S3 Broadway. Oakland. CaU Aim
for sale at 1073% Market it.. S. F. All prival*
diseases qalckly cured. Send for free book.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlco Lists Mallai
on Application.
_ — _ — _ _ — _ — _ ___ — — — — — _____^^^
ATTORNEY.
V. IT. MER2BACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. CUmla br.
COAL. COKR AND Pia 1ROX
j. c wilson & ca.^pgr^g^
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH M*r
CW. SMITH. «h! I> S«">jWnK. Steamboat and
FRRSH AND SALT M«ATS.
JAS- BQYES_&CQ : g^ e ,^f n^^
STATIONER AND PRINTER
Ttl ?o?. p s. h ' 0 PARTRIDGE "-ggSf^
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL JS'SlaS
¦ marnet. uttico and Tfanla — Co ilala str««t.
\ WHOLESALE. RETAIL. |
| TriE D. SAMUELS
LACE riOUSE CO.
SUTTER ST., Cor. Grant Avc. |
SPECIAL SALES.
» i^o pairs Real Renaissance LACE
rtr rtft ' CURTAINS . 4 different pat-'
dbiUU terns, regularly sold from $6 to
Renaissance $7-S°— special at
Curtains. (£(- A A
« * $D<J m\J\J «
of this season's most desirable
i TAILORED SUITS, perfect in
COC f>n everv detail, jackets all silk
OZbiUu lined; colors blacks, tans, grays.
Tailored browns, reseda; sold until to-
c n ;tc da y f rom $3° t0 $K— special at
A bo ire suits will be altered free of charge.
NEW WAISTS— Just opened, sev-
A . *, eral lines of chic man-tailored
01 - ft Waists, purchased under very
Oi*0U advantageous auspices, to be
g^rt offered at the exceptional
Waists. P riceof ,
1 ' $1.50 EacK.
It will pay you to see this week's "Special Sale Windows."
&& VERY LATEST
fc-^sl Straight Front,
l( SAPPHIRE Limoges
ff><*i>v. \ _. _ _ _. __ _ _ French Ctxlna
PM& WRDMD Come Just to Look
( OSS/ $3.00 «" $15.00 Great American Impsrtins Tea Co.
\^\¥AsK PER PAIR " % MONEY-SAVING STORuS.
yf^/tf >\ 1(1 ItP3?11 f««« Onwt Avie. ' .. (Bet. Sutler and Poet).
I] l£)i 1U UCQl U vHit 6« Market St. (Opp. Powell).
// A I A CORKER KEARNT.. "? firth St.
kst v ! CHESTER F - WRIGHT - & Ssk i.SssV *-
n23. **M Rcr "i. w «rce«ter Cor- 8006 Sixteenth St. 1S19 DevUadero St.
•et-Flttln* Parlori. 146 Ninth St. <75 Hal'ht St.
; 20C8 Flllmore St. 82?5 Mlwlon St.
nil V *% Completely er»<Slc*ted with- 62 Market Bt. 2782 24th St.
till &¦ \T aut «*"*=* «* tylnjr. No OAKLAND STORES.
Til I RJ SET* SaatS?" k F v PFrlEV 10" w «hmeton St. •le.R.vistn st.
I 1 ia %j, Sty f ' rn aaaresa a. F. RECTAL 1237 Broadway iut <u . ,,
¦ KBTITUTB. 1170 Market. _ . iM^jfcySui It UU Slk St. Alameda.A- girl can't understand why -all the
other girls are not In love with her lover.
Death of F. W. Wood.
LOS ANGELES. May 19.— F*red W.
Wood, ex-manager of the Los- Angeles
Street >, Railway . Company, died to-day at
hla home In this city of tuberculosis. He
leaves a widow and.chlld. ; ¦-: •¦¦, -. , •. . \
Memorial I>ay Committee.
The Memorial day committee appointed
by Mayor Phelan held a brief meeting last
night In the courtroom of Police Judge
Mogan. E. W. Carpenter was appointed
temporary chairman and W. F. Howe sec
retary. As less than one-half of the mem
bers were In' attendance It was agreed to
adjourn until next Monday night at 7:30
T Machinery Breaks Dotvh While She
ACCIDENT TO THE MONTEREY.
Is Crossing Coos Bay Bar.
MARSHFIELD, Or.. May 19.— While the
gasoline boat Monterey was crossing Coos
Bay bar this' morning. •; her' machinery
broke down and she struck on South Spit.~
Her masts and j deck load were lost, and
she drifted back into the channel and then
to sea on the ebb tide. ;
Tho tug Columbia followed her and suc
ceeded in getting a line on board the Mon
terey and towed her Into Coos Bay. The
Monterey is laden < with lumber for. San
Francisco. She is owned in Oakland.
Had Already Served a Sentence of
Three Years' Imprisonment for
Forgery.
Edward Grlmmell, the young Govern
ment clerk Indicted for forgery, appeared
yesterday before United States District
Judge de Haven and pleaded guilty to
the Indictment. There are nine counts,
and as each charges the commission of
a felonv Grlmmell will be likely to spend
nine years in Jail even under the mini
mum sentence. ' . -* .
Assistant United States Attorney Ban
ning called the attention of the court to
the fact that Grlmmell had but recently
completed the serving of a sentence of
three years' — Imprisonment In the Ohio
penitentiary for forgery. The prisoner is
only 24 years old.
Grimmell was ordered to appear Mon
day for sentence. '. .
A rather' good looking young woman of
about 19 years sat In the courtroom dur
ing the proceedings. Grimmell said that
she was his sweetheart and that if she
remained true to him he would marry
her when he got out of prison.
GRIMMELL PLEADED
GUILTY OF FORGERY
CHARGES OF FAVORITISM
AT FOLSOM PRISON
Position on Account of His
Political Faith.
Former Employe Says He Lost His
SACRAMENTO, May 19.— A special to
the Record-Union from Folsom says the
State Prison Directors met there to-night
and after the transaction of routine busi
ness took up at the request of Director
Devlin the matter of certain charges made
against offlcifils of the prison. Charles
Matheson, recently discharged by "Warden
Wilkinson from the position of foreman
of mechanical work, held for nine years,
said he and Lieutenant. Lamphrey were
removed because they are Republicans.
Certain convicts knew months beforehand
that they were to be let out.
Orders were given to convicts by Fitz
gerald and Baker over Matheson's head,
though all orders should previously come
through him. Hnggerty, who got Lam
phrey's place, tola him (Matheson) that
a convict had tried to stab him, and he
did not propose to hold such a place. He
would go to San Francisco and see his
pull and get a position that suited him.
No matter, he said, how well a man
does his work, he can get and hold a place
only through his pull.
The further, hearing of the matter was
postponed until the meeting on June 15,
when ' Director Wilkins will be heard.
GAY PRINTERS
CELEBRATED IN
ROYAL FASHION
El Campo Crowded With
Happy Members of the '
Craft and Friends.
El Campo. the pretty seaside picnic re
sort in Marln County, was crowded with
picnickers yesterday on the occasion : of
the Initial "printers' day" outing, given
by the Employing Printers' Association of
California. Fully 6000 printers and their
families attended the outing. It was an
ideal"day for an outing, and not an acci
dent or disagreement arose to mar the full
enjoyment of the occasion. Three boats
were necessary to transport the picnickers
to the grounds. The steamers left at 10:30
a. m. r and 12:30 and 2:30 p. m., and were
filled to their utmost capacity on each trip.
The aquatic races were postponed until
the arrival of the second boat. They
proved hishly exciting and good time was
made in the events.. Bennett's band dis
coursed excellent dance music during the
day and the pavilion was crowded with
devotees of that interesting pastime.
The athletic events were witnessed by a
large crowd, and the first man to cross
tne tape in each event was given an pva
tlon The programme of literary exercises,
held in the pavilion, was of high order and j
each number won deserved . applause.
Under the direction of Master of Ceremo
nies George Norton the following numbers
were rendered:
Selection by orchestra: vocal duo, "Always,"
Baker brothers: remarks. President George F.
Neal- ¦ Emalada Quartet. ""Spanish . Serenade. V
Mrs. Evtlyn Winant-Dlckey,. first soprano; Miss
Denke ' second soprano;, Mrs. Lillian Sprague-
Copping first alto; Mrs. Ada Allen-N'orton. sec-t
ond alto; address, ¦ C. A.' Murdock; Emalada
Quartet. ¦ '.'Love's Old. Sweet Song."
George F. Neal,. president of the associa
tion, entertained, the press and members
at his headquarters.: „ Refreshments were
dispensed throughout - the. day-to ;the
chosen' ones? Credit, is due the following
gentlemen for ¦ the < success of the Initial
picnic of tho organization: James Moffett
of Blake. Moffett. & Towne, George F.
Neal, George Norton, Gratton D. Phillips,
John; Partridge, Major George Filmer,
Horace ;¦* Brown, Colonel TV; P. Robinson,
PICNICKED AMID
REDWOOD TREES
OF SUNSET PARK
Cathedral Council, Y. M. I,
Enjoys an Outing in
the Mountains.
ilore than SOO picnickers, laden with ca
pacious lunch baskets and attired In sum
mer costumes, hied themselves yesterday
to Sunset Park. Santa Cruz Mountains, to
attend the annual excursion and outing of
Cathedral Council No. 50. Young Men's In
stitute. That every one who took the trip
had a cood time was evidenced by the
smiling faces and expressions of delight
seen and heard on the homeward journey.
The day was perfect for a picnic and
the 'attendance ail that the members of
the organization could desire. The crowd
was select by reason of the fact that tha
affair v.aa strictly invitational. Every
body went to have quiet enjoyment, and
in this all 'were satisfied.
An excellent band discoursed musics
throughout the day. The dancing plat
form was crowded with moving couples.
Those who did not care to indulge In this
pleasant pastime rambled through the
pretty valley or waded in the brook that
runs through the picturesque grounds.
The committee having the picnic In charge
decided that the usual games of the ordi
nary picnic could be dispensed with, and
in this displayed wisdom. The games were
not missed because of other attractions.
During the afternoon an Interesting pro
gramme was rendered In the pavilion. Mr.
williama and Miss Stevens did a graceful
cakewalk. Jiiss Irene Callahan did a fancy
dance and Miss. Quinn recited. The suc
cess of the outing was due to the ener
getic work of the following committee:
Arrangement— P. F. McCarthy (cha!rman>,
E. J. Dollard. Da$tel C. Deasy, J. D. Malioney.
Charles Beardaley. I*. A. Kelly. Frank I. Gon
zales. P. J. Farrerl. T. P. Martin, W. Chester
Keogh (secretary).
Proirramine— L. A. Kelly, E. J. Dollard, D.
C. Deasy. -
Floor manager— Xeal Power; assistant, A. I*
Artljrues.
Floor committee— Albert H. Quatham. Joseph
McCusker. W. F. Humphrey. P. Matthews.
Harry A. Byrnes, William A. CLeary. Arthur
W. Dollard. Bernard J. Hyland. Fred a Far
mar. Charles T. McCarthy.
Transportation— P. F. McCarthy. J. XX Mi
honey. W. Chester Ksosh.
Bruce Brough. Joseph Hober and X. A.
Judd. The games resulted as follows:
Aquatic sports: Boys' swiinmincr men. 50
yards— P. Sundborg first, C. Augustus second
and Ed Hendrikson third.
Men's swimming race, 1C0 yards— H. Zeicken
first. P. Sonburg second and B. H. Elforrt third.
Rowing race. Whitehall boats, single — J. W.
Hornet first. F. D. Burgess second and Julius
PadtU.a third.
¦ Rowinjr race, Whitehall boats, double— C. Fes
terfeld and partner first. H. Read anri partner
second and Colonel T. P. Robinson and partner
third.
Field events: Shoe race for boys, 10 to 13
ysars of age— S. O'Brien first, C. Augustus sec
and and J. O'Brien third.
Shoe race for grlrls, 10 to 15 years of a«e—
Katie Grady first. Etta Roach second and Ger
tie Conners third.
Men's race, one-sixth mile — J. Bodkin first.
J. Sullivan second and J. Coburn third.
Ladies' race, one-twelfth mile— Miss Williams
first. Miss McKay second and Miss Foley third.
Bookbinders' race, twice arouml track-*J.
Barry, first; P. Condon, second and Fred Mc-
Carthy, third. ¦ -
EeK-gratherine race— S. O'Brien, first: T. Co
burn, second and Fred McCarthy, third.
Boys' sack race— H. Gerta. first; A. Augustus,
second and C. Ulrack. third.
Girls' sack race — May McKay." first: Josie
Riding:, second and Kmma McKay, third.
Quarter of a mile ri:n— Horace Brown, first:
Joseph Springer, second and J. S. Vandewater,
third.
Fat ladles' race— Katie McKay, first; Emma
McKay, second and D. Oliver, third.
Electrotvpers* race, twice around the track —
K. Hlarther, first; J. Dunn, second and D. Oli
ver, third.
Fat men's race— Mr. Stutzel, first; Con Peter
son, second and J. Enquest. third.
¦ Obstacle race — J. Elford. first; J. Schweitzer,
second and J. Sullivan, third.
Three-legged race — Sullivan and IVilan. first:
Botkin and Smith, second and Arnold, and
Flynn, /third.
Wheelbarrow race— Sullivan, fir3t; Samuels,
second and Dunn third.
I Kggr and spoon race for ladies — Katie McKay,
first; Annie Melnbere. second and May Town
send, third.
Half-mile run— A. Henley, first; .T, Chase,
second and T. Flynn. third.
Tub of war — The C. A. Murdock team de
feated a team composed of Messrs. C. Husrb.es.
C. Coleman, C. Auzustus, P. Jackson and II.
AVyrick.
The following committees looked after the
events of the day:
Race" track committee — Chairman. Bruce
Broush: starter. John Partridge; judses— Xorrls
A. Judd. Georee R.- Graham. J. C. Zellerbach.
¦ Floor — FHmer-Rolllns,^ Electrotype. Springer
Printing Company, George Spauldin? & Co..
Upton Bros.. Wilcox & Co.. Charles Wilson &
Co., Georjre A. Werner. Monarch Printing Com
pany.. Mutual Printing Company. Kastman &
Mitchell. -Hyman Bros., vJ. • S. Vandewater.
Jacob A. Ephraim.
Reception— Searle "& McCllnton. ' Academy
Printing Company. W. F. AUvater. Anderson
P.ros. & Wade. Annls Printing Company. R.
B. Avery &. Co., Bent & Meyerderks. Charle»
J. Collins &, Co.. Edward I). Beattie. X. O.
Ford. Thomas J. Ditrnan. Ross & Sons. Stand
ard Printing Company, John W. Roberts. Salo
mon '& Olsen, M/ Weiss* Son. Gustaf F. Wlk
strom,. A. J. Lafontalne. Hayes Valley Print
ing ¦ and- Stationery. -City Hall Printing- Com
pany. . H. S. Rembaugh. T. A. Upham. V. H.
Upton.- Geonre D. Koen. Andrew Z. Valleau,
F. . W.: Merrl!^ .
Brothers, dairymen, was arrested yester
day afternoon by Policeman Harrison on
a charge of reckless driving. He was
driving rapidly along Folsom street and
between Fourth and Fifth streets collided
with a buggy owned by Dr. E. L. Miller
and smashed it to pieces. He whipped up
his team, but Harrison, who saw the col
lision, .iumped on a passing car and over
took him.
FUNERAL OF THE LATE -
CHARLES AIGELTINGER
Services Conducted at the Home of
the Deceased — Remains to
Be Cremated.
The funeral of the late Charlea Al&el
tinger was held yesterday from his late
residence. 1774 Ellis street. The services
•were conducted by Rev. Dr. Fisher of St.
Matthew 1 ;! Evangelical Lutheran Church,
who sjinke at seme length of the sterling
qualities of the deceased, both as a citizen
and as a father.
The casket was covered with flowers.
According to the expressed wish of Mr.
Ateeltlnger the body will be privately cre
mated. After the services the body was
removed to the receiving vault at Odd
>ellows' Cemetery. The pallbearers were:
George W. GloEser, Ernest Goodfellow.
John Plath. Thomas Toehey, Henry Asher
and trederlck Thompson
Charles Metznor. a deputy sheriff, raised
a disturbance in the foyer of the Califor
nia Theater last night and was charged
at the California-street police station with
having disturbed the peace. Officer Nel
son, who made the arrest, tried to Induce
the deputy to quit the premises, and led
him to the sidewalk several times, but he
persisted in remaining.
Deputy Sheriff Airested.
LILIUOKALANI
AND SUITE ARE
IN THIS CITY
Arrives Prom Washington
En Route to Her Hon
olulu Home.
Ex-Queen LiHuokalanl, the last of the
Kalakaua dynasty to sit upon the Ha
•waJlan throne, arrived in this city last
right, accompanied by a. number of her.
loyal friends. The party came directly
from Washington and will remain here
until the <nd of the month, when they
will leave for Honolulu on the Australia.
Accompanying the ex-Queen are: Joseph
Heleluke, her secretary: Miss Mjrra. Hele
luke. and Charles Hamilton English, her
physician. , ,,
Ulluokalanl has not changed materially
i^Ir.ce her last visit ' to San Francisco.
When she left here two years ago for her
native land and the scene of ner regal
life she was buoyant in spirit and hopeful
thnt the crown lands would be restored to
her So far her own efforts and those of
h«T friends have met with no success and
her long journey to Washington went for
naught. Although resigned to her posi
tion, the »x-Quoen is still of a mind that
Fuitablc provision will" be made for her
bjr thi* Government.
"Th<-- Hawaiian orchestra now In this city
Fercnaded I^iliuokaianl last night for two
hours Many of hrr friends gathered In
the California Hotel to pay thoir respects.
While In this city th* rx-Quecn will re
oe'.ve from time to time in an informal
way. _•.-."¦
The Federated Mission Improvement
Clubs held a meeting last night and dis
cussed the proposed estimate . for a tax
levy. The Board of Public Works and
Hoard of Health were scored for their ex
travagance.
Extravagant Boards.
Wilcox Jury Secured.
SANTA ROSA, May 10.— To-day the re
maining four Jurors in the trial of Wil
cox, the Lytton Springs wife murderer,
were secured, and the taking of evidence
will begin Tuesday mornlng.|3\. B. Ware
is associate. counsel for the'H'rosecution,
owing to the serious illness of District
Attorney Webber.
Jagg — Why do you regard the shamrock
as something of an Irish bull?
Wagg— Because when Pat starts In to
paint the town red he does it with green.—
Judge.
The Golden Gate Park Band will ren
der the following programme to-day,
weather permitting:
March, "Htat* Militia. Review" Koppltz
fivf-rtur*. "Zarr.pa" ....Herold
Baite. "PrcTJi F'.rcim Lands" M.iszkowekl
Waltz fjCew I>*l Monte" ReddtnR
£••!»¦< Hon. "I Lomb«r»ll" Verdi
I'n^oKue from "J'aKliaori" I>»oneov^l]o
Fluie po!o, "Carnival of Venice".. .Demeresmaji
A. LombarJo.
Patriotic song, "The Sword of Dunker Hill"
Colverd
,"i!ungart.-in Fantasia" Tobanl
LVirth, "The King:" , K. Maul
Music in the Park.
A Beckless Driver.
John Schiner. teamster for Furrer
NEARLY EIGHTY, BUT. IS -
BOUND TC^REACH NOME
Old-Time Miner W^o Wanted to Work
His Passage on the Zea
landia. /
Tom James, chief steward of the
Zealandla, was sitting in his office yes
terday planning work for the small army
of men in his department who are to look
after the comfort of the crowd of gold
hunters booked for Nome, when a broad
shouldered old man, with a long white
beard but bright eyes and erect figure.
thrust his head in the door and inquired
in a voice that rumbled like thunder:
"Say, cap, any chance for a wlllin' feller
to work his way to the Nome diggins?"
"Don't see a chance for you, pop," was
the reply; "but it strikes me that you are
pretty well along in years to be taking
your chances with the boys away up
north there."
The old man took off his big slouch hat
and mopped his wrinkled forehead with
the remnants of a red bandana and
smiled a superior smile as he replied:
"Wai, I'm goin' on 77 year old, and seen
a heap of rough times in my life; but I
don't reckon that none o' thes6 young
fellers can get, any advantage of the old
man yet. I been rainin' now for more'n
lifty year, all up and down this coast, in
South Ameriky, Alaska and Australie.
Sometimes I've struck it rich and more
often I've been broke, like I am now;
but I never seen the time yet when the
old man didn't get where he wanted . to
go. I ain't askln no charity, 'cause I can
do as s good a day's work as any of these
'ere young fellers you're stocked up with,
and I can make my bacon anywhere. I'm
offerln' yer a business proposition, an' if
you don t want to take it there ain't no
offense. But you'll find the old man on
the beach when yer get there, now, you'll
see. He's got the fever, and there ain't
nothin' goin' to "stop him. Good day t*'
yer."
And the old miner lounged out and
along the dock .with the air of a man who
had not a care in the wide world.
ed. four ships being built, the Boston.
Chicago. Atlanta and Dolphin.
Contractor Hiehborn visited all the
leading IJuropean shipyards In the interest
of the Government, and his report, which
was published in book form. Is an ac
knowledged authority on the construction
of warships.
He was made Chief of the Uureau of
Construction and Repairs September 17,
1893. which position he has held ever since.
His visit to the naval yards of this- coast
in his official capacity will tend to show
him the immense developments that have
taken place during his long absence and
will demonstrate to him that in these
yards are some of the most complete
plants for shipbailding and repairing that
the nation owns.
The visit of the admiral should be of
b^nr-fit to the coast, for it is said he has
always had a warm spot in his heart for
his old home. He may make some recom
mendations that will bear good fruit. He
is credited with a faculty of never forget
ting friends. Some of those who have long
held good positions at the Mare Island
navy yard are said to owe their security
in these places to him.
Admiral Hichborn's friends In Vail e jo
are preparing to fittingly welcome their
former fellow townsman, and when he
reaches there he will be given an enthusi
astic reception. •
The admiral was appointed to the naval
service from California, and will retire on
March 4, 1901. at which time he will have
reached the age of 62 years. He is a living
example of what pluck, energy and capa
bility will do for a man.
" Chief Engineer Howard E. Holmes of
the Harbor Commission stated yesterday
that he will resign his position in a short
time and that his assistant, Henry Ryan,
will be appointed to succeed him.
"I had intended for some time to re
sign," he said, "but ¦when some of these
contractors who tried to job the State and
failed attacked my integrity- in the news
papers I came very near changing my
mind in order to show them that their
efforts were in vain. It was cowardly,
because they knew that I was going to
step down and out. Ryan tried to job me.
I'll give him Just three months on the job,
and then' he'll either resign or be re
moved.
"I've been chief engineer for eight years,
and during that time more improvements
have been made on the water front than
during its entire previous history, or will
be made for years to come. I've stood
between the State and the men who want
ed to rob the public coffers. Then they
tried to blacken my character. I always
have courted investigation and do still. 1
have private business interests that will
take all my time, and 1 will leave the
service of the Stato feeling that I have
done my duty."
A fortnight ago Holmes was accused by
his assistant, Henry Ryan, of irregulari
ties in connection with the building of
Howard-street wharf. The Harbor Com
missioners held an executive investigation
of the charges and then let the matter
drop without taking any action or mak
ing any report. It was understood at the
time that the matter was dropped because
of the fact that Holmes was about to re
sign. Holmes was Informed that hereafter
he will be expected to report all matters
under his Jurisdiction to the board, and
must not permit any changes In specifica
tions without Its consent.
It is understood that Holmes is to be a
consulting engineer in the employ of the
Santa Fe Company and is to be chief en
gineer of the California Drydock Com
pany, -which is to erect a plant at Hun
ters Point. ¦'¦ ' ¦
Says That Henry Ryan Will
Be Appointed to Suc
ceed Him.
CHIEF ENGINEER
HOWARD HOLMES
SOON TO RESIGN
R^ar Admiral Philip Hichborn.
o'clock, when, the committee will meet at
the California Hotel.
rr F there ever was a doubt that genial
I Uncle George Bromley was not the
J[ first passenger conductor on this coast
it was removed for all time at ths
second annual excursion and picnic of El
Capltan Division No. 115. Order of Rail-
Way Conductors, held at Mirabel Park
yesterday. The aged Bohemian facetious
ly narrated his history as a ticket
puncher, recited his soulful poem entitled
"When the Cows Come Home" and wound
up by singing a melody- about a black
crow, which he confided to his auditors
he had learned at ' kindergarten in his
childhood's" '¦ happy^ days.,. Uncle George
helped to add sunshine to" one of tho
pleasantest days ever spent by the rail
road men. As an orator- he proved a bril
liant success and during his remaining
years the old gentleman will be fre
quently, invited to give further details of
his experience as a member of the craft.
Two long trains were necessary to carry
the conductors, their friends and bounte
ous lunch baskets to the pretty picnic
groundson the Russian River.. It was a
select gathering of happy pleasure-seek
ers that illled the spacious park. After
luncheon the picnickers boated on the
river, danced in the open-air pavilion and
picked wild flowers. ¦
When the aged orator of the day mount
ed the platform he was given a hearty
welcome. He was introduced to his audi
ence in a neat speech -by Captain Dave
McLaughlin. Uncle George's apology for
having a typewritten speech won favor
with the jolly crowd. He said he did not
intend to address them extemporaneously
for fear of being completely carried away
by his own eloquence and not getting
back in time for the balance of the en
tertainment. He also confessed that a
lovely typewriter wrote out his thoughts.
"Uncle George further claimed that it
would take him fifteen minutes to read
his speech and his auditors would be sur
prised to learn that he knew so much in
such short time. He encouraged his au
dience to applaud whenever they felt like
it. These witty sallies paved the way for
Uncle George paused In his speech to
recite "When the Cows Come Home,"
which was received with warm applause.
He then continued his interesting narra
tive. He told of his going north to de
velop a mine and being 1 induced by a fel
low townsman to drop it and go railroad
ing on the "R" road in Sacramento. Ho
told of the completion of the road and the
banquet at Folsom, which celebrated tht?
event. Continuing he said:
"That great road was twenty-two miles
long. It cost $2 to ride from one end of
it to the other and 25 cents additional if
the passenger had not secured his ticket
at the office. At times some Inquisitive
passenger would ask what became of that
extra two bits. when, ¦with that politeness
for which railroad conductors are famous
the world over, I would inform him it was
none of his business. All that was re
quired of him was to pay It. I would at
terd to Its final disposition. Last week I
saw a San Francisco paper stated that I
used to punch tickets on the Sacramento
Valley Railroad, but I deny the soft im
peachment, for there was no ticket punch,
in those days During my time of service
three boards of directors died poor. Di
rectors might come and directors might
go, but the conductor went right along as
if nothing had happened.
"After my nine years of service I grad
uated and went to keeping a hotel. In
four years I was ready to graduate from
the business. A friend asked me what I
had cleared in the business and I fold
him confidentially that I cleared a three
mil fence In Retting away from the Sher
iff. Just here Is a good place to stop. I
will now be able to join you in whatever
the programme has in store for us.
Thanking you for your kind attention,
may God bles3 you all at his earliest con
venience."
The success of the outing was due to
the efforts of the following committees:
Arrangements— A. B. Murray (chairman). J.
C Fielding. J. n. Dillon, \V. J. Hunter. Georgw
S. Smith. T. BiUinsslea.
Reception — F. H. Oreen (chairman). Jeff
Gajc» W, W. Brown. Charles D. Phelps. GeorR»
I« Colejcrove, W. H. Davis. W. O. Hunklns.
R. H. riant, W. D. Crawfnrd. M. McDonoujh.
Floor— A F. Murray (chairman). Frank E.
Farley. A. R. Holhert. J. K. Smith. A. H.
Hartwig. A. F. Trahan.
the oration, which created much merri
ment. At the outset he said:
"In the lives of all great men there
comes a time when he is lost in wonder
as to where he is 'at,' and that's what's
the matter with me: inasmuch as the
honor conferred upon me to-day is so
overwhelming that it almost takes my
breath away. However, with the modesty
which has always been the predominant
trait of the average railroad conductor I
will be proud to say that in all well reg
ulated communities the man who is qual
ified for a railroad conductor would . be
a success in any other calling in Hfe anU
could live without the railroads, but a
railroad without a conductor would be a.
dead' failure. I will therefore tell you
about myself and later on wiH tell you
about the first railroad built on this side
of the continent, of which I was con
ductor for nine years.
"Regarding myself I have from very
pood authority that I was born very early
in life and in the history of the worM
there is no event recorded of such vital
importance to myself as my first birth
day. I have been told by those who were
present at the time that It was a howling
success and I was admitted to have been
the star howler. From that time I be
gan to grow and I have been growing
ever since. Sometimes in size and weight,
always in years and finally in importance,
which is consummated to-day by this
crowning glory of my eighty-three years
of eventful life in being honored by your
invitation to address you as the first rail
road conductor of the first railroad built
on the shores of the "Western continent.
Excuse me for spreading myself here,
but that was a great road.
"I will now gradually lead you up step
by step to the building and completion of
that road — which was then looked upon aa
one of the wonders of the age — and my
connection with It. I arrived in San Fran
cisco in 1S51. and as General Jackson won
the famous battle at New Orleans on that
date the celebration of the two anniver
saries made things very lively in the city
of the Golden Gate. There was 'a hot
time in the old town' for four or five
days and nights, for those were the time*
.when an anniversary could. be celebrated
on a very slight provocation:"
What Cartoonist Warren Saw at the Picnic.
OEAR ADMIRAL PHILIP HICH
BORN, chief of the Bureau of Con- <
siruction and Repairs of the United J
3 States Navy, who rose to his
present position from that of a ship- |
•urlfrht in the Mare Island navy yard, ar- i
rived h»^re yesterday and registered at the I
Palace. After a thirty years' absence he '
will visit old scenes at Vallejo and renew j
old acquaintances there. His visit will be j
an event of importance In that town, for '
It is v.nt a frequent thing for meg to |
leave there as shipwrights and return as j
rr-ar admirals. This will perhaps happen i
only once in Vallejo's history.
A<imiral Hichborn entered the Mare
Island BbojM in ISO. He had learned his
trade of shipwright in an Eastern ship
yard. From this position he was appoint
*.. to that of master FhJpwrijrht. In 1S67
ho left 'ho navy yard and In lh'3 was ap
pointed assistant naval constructor. His
ability was such that on March 12, 1875,
he was commissioned a full constructor in
the navy.
AfK-r receiving this last appointment
Hichborn strved as assistant to Chief of
Bureau Easihy. under Secretary Chandler,
during President Arthur's administration.
His next duty «as or. the Advisory Board,
that was formed to consider the advisabil
ity of buildir.g a new navy. As a result of
this board's deliberations the present navy
ci the United States was practically start-
Began as Shipwright at Mare Island Thirty
Years Ago— Now Chief of Naval
Construction. .
Now in This City.
The Remarkable Career of Rear
Admiral Philip Hichborn,
ROSE FROM SHOP
TO LOFTY PLACE
Grace Vroom Says She Did Not Force
Her Rival to Clonfess ctt
Pistol 9 Point
1 lOLvl O 1 vylllL*
GRACE ADDISON VROOM does not propose to allow, the statement of Maud
Morrell to the effect that she was forced to sign a confession of improper
conduct with Frederic Vro'om at the point of a pistol by the infuriated wife
of the actor to go unchallenged. She declares emphatically that Miss Mor
rell's. statement is not o/ily false but that she wrote as well as signed the confes
sion and that a pistol had no part in the affair.,
"I did not'threaten her with a revolver," said Mrs. Vroom. "I did not have
a revolver with me. I could have killed her by strangling her If I had wanted
to, but I did not. Fwanted to let her know that I knew of the wrong she was do
ing and I wanted her to stop it. She was so little and so weak that I would not
have injured her any more than I would have plucked the wings off a fly. I
choked her and she cried out, 'Oh, Mrs. Vroom, don't do' that; don't do that,' and
I threw her from me and she fell on the bed.
"Maud Morrell was rooming in a respectable house. 907 Geary street, and I
had Just closed a week's performance at the Dewey Theater in Oakland on the
morning of May 7. I came to San Francisco Sunday night after the performance
and met my detective. He told me that my husband had already gone into the house
and room of Maud Morrell. I had another detective, who was a woman, in the
house. She had engaged a room adjoining that of Miss Morrell. She had been
there several times at night and during the day, especially when Miss Morrell
was entertaining my husband in the next room.
"If I had wanted to kill Maud Morrell I could have gone into the house that
Sunday night and shot both her and my husband.
"My husband came out of the house and went to his office. It was about 8:30
o'clock that I went to Maud Morrell's room. She was still in bed. I,knocked at
the door. Miss Morrell herself came to the door and as soon as she saw me she
threw up her hands and exclaimed, 'Oh, Mrs. Vroom!' At the same time she looked
white and troubled.
"I seized her by the throat and shook her thoroughly. She did not scream. I
choked her until my fingers got numb and then threw her on the bed, where she
lay moaning and crying and begging for mercy. I said to her, '"Why did you re
ceive my husband under an assumed name and break up my home and destroy
my life?'
"She said that she had been deceived. There was no denial. I asked her
how she could be deceived when I was his wife. She said, 'I don't know. I
cared for Mr. Vroom.' She threw herself at my feet again and cried and sobbed
and moaned as if her heart would break.
"I made a search of the room and I actually found things which belonged
to me and which the lying husband of mine had stolen from me and given to
her. I could have choked her to death as she lay there helpless, but I kept
my resolve not to harm the woman because she was so little, so cowardly and
so helpless. But when I showed her that my husband had given her my own
property her collapse was most complete, and it seemed to me as if she would
die.
"I roused her, however, and she said she would never see Mr. Vroom again.
I told her that was not satisfactory. I told her that she was accursed. I
cursed her in a dozen different ways. I prayed that she might never know what
honest love was; that she might forfeit, as she had forfeited the respect of any
friends she ever had and that If she ever did {all in love that her love might
be turned to despair. I told her that I hoped that anything she touched would
wither and that her life might enfl In ignomy and shame, and as barren as
mine.
"She reached for a piece of paper and tore it in halves and wrote on it at
my suggestion:
" 'I promise never to meet Mr. Vroom again.' I told her that that was not
enough. She then turned the piece of paper and wrote on the back of it: 'I
promise to see Mr. Vroom no more, nor will 1 write to him.' She signed 'Maud
Morrell.' May 7. 1900.'
"I was with her an hour and a half and then I left her alone with her con
science and the knowledge that she had now a reputation that was known to
the world as blasted. That was punishment enough for her. I have never
seen her since. But she was as untruthful in her statement as she was false
in her conduct. I know that since then she has had communication with my
husband.
"I told my husband all I knew and he turned and struck me fiercely on
the side of the head .ind said. 'You can't get out of here. You shan't leavo
here.' As he said that I shot him."
CURSED BUT SPARED
MAUD MORREL'S LIFE
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
Uncle George Bromley, the First Conductor on the
Goast, Entertained the Crowd With a Witty
Talk on His Experiences.
TICKET PUNCHERS ENJOYED
A VERY PLEASANT OUTING
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32. DENVER, May 19.— Articles were signed
to-day for a- fight before the Colorado
Athletic Association between Kid Parker
and Young Peter 'Jackson of San Fran
cisco on June <V Jackson is now in tho
city. The fight is at ; 140 pounds, Parker
conceding seven pounds.
Parker and Jackson Matched.
SAY CALL'S HOME STUDY
IS OF GREAT BENEFIT
Editor of The Call-Dear Sir: It is my
opinion that The' Call is doing a great deal of
good through "the medium of its Home Study
column . # ++++++++++++.f +++.++++*
Many busy people who .<• - 1,1
seldom fi d time to *y ; ~«mgs "'
read any thing but their <- ""''
morning papers can get ?;- ' „ '-'¦
world's best litera- %'&&$$&% Wik t
ture without purchase T.tBlX^^SM^^'-m^MB 1
ing books or subscrib-
files of The Call that + : :
the selections for this X wiaft^^^P^JP^M V.
column have been care- 1~ /
ter.d toward the stimu-t ' FTTTTAMa t
- . , >- "W. R. WILLIAMS. +
latmg of adesire-for ; >
good reading and men. •++++^++++++++++4+++©
tal improvement. A3 a librarian whose pro
fession is the knowledge of , where knowledge
is; I have taken great pleasure in observing
this innovation in newspaper work on this
coast and the great benefits that will be
derived from it, especially by the country
people whose facilities for getting the
best literature are scarce. .
With best wishes for the success and con
tinuance of the Home Study column, I- am yours,
etc., ¦¦ W.R. WILLIAMS,
Librarian of the Mercantile Library.
' San Francisco, March £6, 1900.
The sportsmanlike spirit manifested by
the Olympic Club Wheelmen In giving
up all claim to the relay cup which they
won in last Sunday's race, because they
had unintentionally committed a tech
nical violation of the racing rules in not
carrying the packet across the tape, has
been highly commended by cyclers in
general and the clubs in particular. One
of the most prominent wheelmen In the
Asociation, speaking of the affair, said
yesterday:
"It showed that the Olympics had the
desire to live up to their agreement with
other contesting clubs, in every particu
lar. Such an action will go a long way
toward promoting the sport and cement
ing the friendship now existing between
the clubs.
"No rules can be made so complete that
slight violations of them are avoidable,
and it has been customary to overlook
such errors. In this case,' however, the
Olympics declined to accept the majman
lmlty of the clubs and willingly offered
the 'trophy to the Garden City Club,
which came in second, because of the
violation of rule 10. It was a very sports
manlike thing to do. The Garden Citya
accepted the cup in the spirit in which
it was surrendered and the Bay Citys
are agreeable to the arrangement, so
every one Is satisfied."
The Bay City Wheelmen tendered a
banquet last night to' Dr. E. T.. Mervy,
an old-time member, who Is about to de
part for /Cape Nome. , Dr. Mervey has
been prominent in the club's social and
racing life, and counts his friends by the
total membership, nearly all of which
attended last evening's function. Pres
ident Archie Reid was the toastmaster,
and the members and their honored suest
spent a most enjoyable evening.
CYCLERS COMMEND THE
• OLYMPIC MEN'S ACTION
A group of old-time sports were telling
poker stories a few nights ago and some-
Magicians Are Generally Poor Poker
Players.
.¦Wine has drowned more men than
-/-ater.
CHICAGO MOVES UP.
Orphans Now Tied With the Pirates
for Third Place.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs- W. L. Pet. j Clubs- W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 15 7 Wst. Louis . 10 11 ..6
Urooklvn 15 8 -6o2 Cincinnati... 9 12 -4a0
(W .".¦..•. 14 10 .BS8. New York... « 15 .283
Pittsburg.... 14 10 .0!>3 Boston 5 lo .2oO
CHICAGO, May 19.— A couple of passes, some
clever base' running and a half-dozen well
placed hits wen for ChlcaKO to-day In the first
four innings. Two errors, Taylor's only gift,
two singles and a triple secured Boston tour
runs in the eighth. Ganzel played h s first
Frame for the local?, makir.fr a favorable impres
sion. Attendance 2S00. Score:
Clubs- «• ft" E i
Chicago « \ I
BoFtor. 4 11 . 3
Batteries— Taylor and Donahue; Dlneen and
Clements. Umpire— Swartwood.
ST. LOUIS, May 19.— No game to-day: rain.
PITTSnURG. May 13.— Pltteburs-Philadelphla
game i>osti>oned; rain.
CINCINNATI. May 19.— Cincinnati-Brooklyn
game postponed; rain;
American League Games.
CLEVELAND, May 19.— Cleveland !, Kansas
City 5.
BUFFAIjO, May 19.— Buffalo 5, Chicago 7.
DETROIT, May 19.— Detroit 6, Minneapolis 0.
INDIANAPOLIS, May 10.—Indianapolls-Mll
waukee came postponed; rain.
Presidio athletic grounds. The teams ara
made up as follows:
St. Ignatius. Positions. California,
G. Svetenich Pitcher -I- -'arks
R Williams Catcher J- Grennaa
W. Golden. First base .C. Syelxert
M Buckley Second base W . Mitchell
C.Brioca Third base Jan. "jerinan
H Hu«*ey Short stop Ed. Mitchell
J O'Hara Left IWd -EdJ McCarty
L. Hvan. Center field. .Clw;. McQuade
J. Murphy Right Held Luke Flynn
RAIN PREVENTS THE
UNIVERSITY CONTESTS
Pennsylvania and California Athletic
Teams Postpone Their Field
PHILADELPHIA. May 19.— A continu
ous fall of rain to-day caused a postpone
ment of the dual games between the Uni
versity of California and the University
of Tennnsylvania and also the baseball
game between Pennsylvania and Harvard.
An effort will be made to arrange a future
date with California, and Harvard has
asked permission from Cambridge to re
main until Monday to play the game.
There was great disappointment in the
catnp of the Oulifornians, as they were
anxious to see how many points they
could snatch from the Quakers. They
also were anxious to f>ee Plaw, the pride
of California, compete with McCracken,
the cliampion of the East. These two
stars will meet in the intercollegiate con
tests next Saturday.
On Monday the wearers of the blue ana
gold will start training for the Mott Ha
ven games; A challenge has been sent to
Georgetown University, but as yet no an
swer" has been received. If they accept
the games will take place on Monday.
California stands, a very good chance or
winning from Georgetown. The latter s
strongest man is Duffy, the great
sprinter. • . ,
After much negotiation it has been de
cided to 1 meet Pennsylvania on Monday,
Mav 28. The baseball game botwpon
Pennsylvania and Harvard also has been
postpo'ned until the afternoon of this date.
body remarked that the elder Herrmann,
the magician, might easily have made a.
fortune had he turned his attention to
gambling.
"I've heard that before." said one of the
party, chuckling-, "and it always amused
me. Why, my dear sir, Alexander Herr
mann was one of the poorest poker play
ers that ever 'drew to a bobtail. He liked
a social game and plugged av/ay at it all
his life, but he was never anything but
a raw amateur. Good poker players are
born, ana it simply wasn't in him. As far
as being able to manipulate the cards was
concerned, he couldn't do it, even had he
been so disposed, which of course he was
n't. He could perform wonderful tricks,
but th it class of work is something en
tirely different from what is called ad
vantage playing. I have known four or
five fine sleipht-of-hand performers, and
not one of them could do a thing with the
deck in an ordinary game. To do suc
cessful crooked work In ?hort cards re
quires not only great dexterity of a kind
entirely distinct from stage tricks, but
also a peculiar temoerament. All the men
who became famous for that sort of thine:
In the old days were of the same general
type, and when I come to think about it,
those I knew looked more or less alike.
They could perform extraordinary feats,
but it required years of practice and set
ting everything else aside: no professional
Juggler could spare the time to learn.
"The best proof that Herrmann was un
familiar with the tricks of the card table
is that he was continually betnff made
the victim. He made no secret of the fact
that he had been fleeced time and again
and I happened to know personally that
he was once swindled out of a consider
able amount by one of the oldest and
stalest devices known to the fraternity.
When the thins was explained to him
afterward he was deeply disgusted, but
he had never suspected it at the time."
Fleischmann Colt Wins the
National Stallion
Stakes.
Bellarfo Breaks Dotm During the
Race, but Sho-ws Rare Gameness
and Finishes in Second
Place.
NEW YORK, May 19.— A cold, driving
rain and a track ank'.e deep in mud
made the condition for the 520.000 Na
tional Slaliion stakes most unfavorable
at Morris Park. lionnibert, the property
<.f C. Ftelschmann's Ev'n?, won the rich
Ftake. Nino hiph class youngsters faced
the starter. Bonnibert closed *» slight fa-
forvjte at 11 to 5 over Bellario and the
Morrll stable, Golden Ape and Kenil
worth, crhich were quoted at 3 to 1. Every
horse In the race had a following, Tela
mon lH>hig: knocked down from 20 to
22 to l.
They were rent pff on the first break
to a irexxi 5tari, with T*!amon first. As
they reached the half Bonntbert rushed
to the front. All through the last six
teenth it was a Ftirring struggle, but as
They neaxed the wire Honnibert drew fur
ther away and won cleverly by a length
and a half. Boilario had again rushed
;r.t."> second place, and in a hard drive
finished jsecond. a head before Golden
Ape. Kenilworth. the stable companion
of the latter', was fourth. As the horses
< ame back to the stand to allow the jock
. ys to w»'ich in. it was found that Kella
rte had broken down. McCue, his jockey,
s-ays that he seemed to slip as they came
out of the dip, and his off fore ankle was
badly wrenched. His record under the
circumstances showed remarkable game
m-ss. Results:
Pevm furlong*, felllnp — King Brasjjble T^n.
Native second. Brusquerie third. Time, l:!Z\.
Five furlcr.ps— All (ire^n won. Flare second,
Parirty Boy third. Time, l,-02 l i.
National live furlongs—B^n
r.ihert won RWlario foond. Golden As*- thiri.
Time. 1 S*>\.
The Ladies, one mile— Onerk Queen won. Tn
<iian Fairy second. M >tky third.' Time, l:O%.
n n e m!lV— Kinj? Barleycorn won. Brick s<x-
OBd. Maximo Gomes third. Time. l:47»i.
International Ste<-ji!echase, al«>ut two and a
relf miles— Vansiiip won. Itonkonkoma second,
Slars Chan third. Time, 5:f»4.
ETTA WINS THE OAKS.
John E. Madden *s Filly First in the !
Louisville Classic.
LOUISVILLE. Ky.. May 19.— The spring
meeting of the I^uisville Jockey Club
came to a close to-day. A seven furlonp
handicap and the Kentucky Oaks for
thrt-e-y<:ar-«ld iiilie-s were the features, j
His Excellency was a 1 to 2 favorite in
the handicap." hut the winner turned up 1
in Pink Coat, winner of the American
I>erby two years ago. Pink Coat had not
started this year, and he went to the
post the lor.pjst *hot in the race. The
winner of the Oaks was John E. Mad
den'e Etta, held in the books at 6 to 1.
Cleora was the favorite, and at the Ia.-t
eighth pole it lookc-d a? though she would
¦win easily, but while Cleora. Unsightly
and Anna Bain were fiRhting it out Over
ton, on Ktta. stole up on the outside and
won bv a. neck. Ollie Dixon and His Em
lnwe were the only wlnnlngr favorites.
Results:
Five furlcEirs— Votkmann won. McAddie sec
ond. Poyntz third. Time. !:02$i.
feven furlT-.R* handicap— Pink Coat won. HI»
Kxoellencr ter .nd. Trat-edy third. Time. 1 :26.
Or.e mile, t^lllnjr— OUie Dixon won, Beana
¦eeoafl, Maecabpe third. Timf\ 1:41%.
The Kentucky Oaks, mile and a sixteenth—
Ktta »mi. Scarlet Lily second. Cleora third.
Time. 1:4*.
Four and a half furlones. pellinsr — His Emi
nenr** wi»n. Queen Lltze second. The Butcher
third. Time. :L6.
Pix and a half furl^ncs— Dlenionne won.
Found Money second, Oconee third. Time.
1:21^4-
EASY FOR MISS BEHTTETT.
Only Three Starters in the Debutante
Stakes ?t St. T^ouis.
ST. LOT" IS, May 19.— The principal
event at the Fair Grounds to-day was
the Debutante stakes for two-year-old
fiilles at four an«l a half furlongs. The
ra.ins yo>=ter<lay and this morning had put
the track into such heavy condition that
hut three starters faced the flag. Miss
Bennett at all tim^s was th«> favorite at
practically prohibitive odds, and she won
bp fhe pleaded, in full justification of the
Judgment placed upon her superior abil
ity. Results:
One mil* ana an elxfath. t*VAng— Oltle Bard
won. RuFhfields neccud. niderlzn third. Time.
.¦s'.x and a half furione*. seilirc— Kind's High
way won. Alro Ran It cecond. Lord Neville
third Tim*. V.Z2 1 -.
On* ml!<»— Miss Mae Day won. Sam Phillips
fcrond. Pinochle third. Time. l:C'i-
The Debutant » *take» ft-r fillies, value tliOO.
four and a ha!f furl ihr?- Miss Bennett won.
CHartta pefond. Lady Schorr third. Time, :IZ,\.
One mile, *<>!ling— RufmII H won. Bonnlvard
feooni. Pacemaker Jhfrd. Time. \:H\.
Fev<»n and a half furionK*. — Croesus
•n, Tlckful *eccnd. Rrbel Jack third. Time.
L2S&
LAKESIDE RESULTS.
Garry Hermann Adds Another to "His
String of Victories.
CHICAGO, May :?.-Weathor clear,
track heavy, at Lakeside. Results:
One m!l<> — PiBtor Fux »rn, Cora Kevtllc II
perond. Refuge th'rd. Time. 1 r4S"i.
Four furlonps— Garry Hermann wen. Money
Musk second. Kid Cox third. Time, :58.
Pix furlo:iRji — Abo Fnrrt wun. Uraw Lad Fec
cnd. Barney V third. Time. 1:1!».
One mil*" an! a siTte»n-_h — Sam Kullen won.
John Kaker tecond, Boney Boy third. Time
Six furlnr.ps— O'^onnr 11 won. Dr. Walmfley
rpoond. MaKfrif Davis third. Time. 1:17U.
M!!c and a «jusrt»r — Owerisboro won. Kchnell
Leur«-r second. Monk Wayxnan third. Time,
S:1SV..
RICH PURSE
PULLED DOWN
BY BONNIBERT
pocted of them in the event to which they
are eligible. The oarsmen look forward
to the forthcoming season as one of the
most promising in the history of the sport.
THE members of the various rowing
'"crabs on both sides of the bay will
assemble at Belvedere on Sunday.
The season will be formally opened
CHAMPIONS WERE
TOO STRONG FDR
THE LOCAL TEAM
A One-Sided Game Which
Meant a Funeral for Har
ris' Erratic Nine.
Sacramento Stickmen Hit Well and
Hard and Frisco Was Not In
the Running at Any
Time.
?
Sacramento 1O, San Francisco 1.
Jay Hughes and nasty errors won for
the Senators the tlrst game of the series
with the local team played yesterday
afternoon at Recreation Park. Iburgr be
gan the slab act for Hank's team, but in
the fifth he was replaced by the fireman.
Hank's sacred nine were switched
around. Krug going into shortstop and
IJrockhoff being sent to the center terri
tory. Krus played a star game, especial
ly "as to his throwing, which was of a
hiph class quality. Frisco's new .captain,
".Blue Ribbun" Pabst, made his initial
performance and was well received by
the crowd.
The "champs" started to work in the
first. McLaughlin took a constitutional
and advanced two stations on Deveraux's
hit, scoring on Riley's error at second to
stall Deveraux. *
Frisco played the calcium act for a few
moments in the third and the local fan
atics palpitated with expectancy. "Blue
Ribbon" Pabst, who rolled out a hit in the
former inning, had the glittering chance
to distinguish himself by scoring some
fif the three men who covered the. sacks
for Frisco, but all he did was to cut
streaks in the atmosphere and the side
•ru retired. Sacramento fareil better in
this inning. Due to some fulsome errors
by Rube Levy and Brockhoff, McLaugh
lin. Eagan and Hanlon crossed the rubber.
By way of improvement Urocknoff was
sent to center and lvrug brought Into the
infield.
In the fourth the Senators added an
ot.hrr brace of runs to their list and the
score stood ft— 0.
The seventh meant something for Frisco
but much more for the visitors. Brork
hoff reached the iirst sack on Devcraux's
error, coursing the bags on Hildebrand's
single. In this inning Sacramento had the
bags filled twice when the first two outs
were made, but a hit by Stulz scored
Stanley and Doyle. Pyne also scored. The
score:
PAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Brockhoff. cf & ss.. 3 1 0 1 3 1 1
HiMt-brand. rf 4 0 10 10 0
Km*, ss & cf 4 0 0 0 3 5 2
Schwartz, c 4 0 : 0 4 l 0
rabst. lb 4 ft 1 0 9 0 0
Levy. If 3 0 0 0 2 0 _2
Heilly. 2b 4 OlOl' 2~~T
reeplee. Sb 4 0 1 0 1 0 1
Ibur^, p 2 0 0 0 '0 -2 0
Fltzpatrick, p 2 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 34 1 6 1 24 15 7
* SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlin. If 4 2 12 10 0
I>evereaux. 3b 3 12 2 14 1
Eagan, es 4 1 0 0 0 2 2
Hughes, p 5 0 0 0 0 3 0
Hanlon. lb S 1 1 3 14 0 0
Stanley, c 2 1 1 l 3 0 0
iv->le, rf 4 12 0 2 0 0
Pyne, cf 4 2 0 2 3 0 0
Stulz, 2b 4 12 2 3 4 0
Totals 33 10 9 12 ' 27 13 3
RUNS ANT) HITS BT IXXIXGS. "
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 0—1
Base hits 0-1110110 1—6
Sacramento 1 0 8 2 0 0 8 1 . •— 10
Case hits 12121110*— 9
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Stanley, Reilly. Sacrifice
hits— Levy, Devereaux. First base on "errors—
San Francisco 3. Sacramento fi. First base on
called balls — San Francisco 1. Sacramento T>.
I.*ft on bases — San Franclfrn 9, Sacramento 7.
Struck out — By HughfB 3. Double plays — Dever
p.aux to Stu'z to Hanlon. Time of Game — One
hour and fifty minutps. Umpire— Graves. Of
ficial ecorer— J. W. Stapleton.
Play Thirteen Innings.
STOCKTON. May 19.— It took thirteen
innings of the fastest baseball play in the
"West to dt-ciue whether the Stocktons or
Oaklands w<:iuld tiiste the bitterness of
defeat or leave the grounds of Goodwater
Grove this afternoon victors. Stockton
won by a score of 2 to L The summary:
STOCICTOX.
AB. R. im. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt. 2b 5 0 2 16 3 1
Lockhead, es 5 0 0 12 7 1
Pare, c , 6 0 117 5 0
Ptr<»ib. lb 6 2 2 2 17 1 0
McCarthy. If 6 0 10 2 0 1
Morrow, rf 6 0 0 0 0 1 0
Courtney, cf 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
Moore. 3b 5 0 2 0 3 2 0
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 0 4 0
Totals 48 2 8 5 33 23 "3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
fchmffr, es 4 1 0 0 2 3 0
Hammond, c 4 0 0 0 5 10
Hutchlnson. lb 5 0 4 0 20 1 2
Francks. 2b 5 0 0 0 13 2
Hardle, if 5 0 10 2 0 1
imnleavy. if 6 0 1 o 2 0 0
Lnnsre. 2b 5 0 0 0 13 2
Drennan, cf 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
fiteffanl. p i 5 '0 0 0 1 2.0
Totals 44 1 6 0 *37 <15, 7
•One out when ¦winning run was made.
RUNS AND HITS BY 1NNIXG3.
Stockton OlOOnOflOOOOO 1—2
Ba*e hits 022 0 10011100 C— S
Oakland 100000000000 0—1
Base hits 1102000010010-6
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible Tor — Whnlen 1, Steffanl 1.
Two-base h!t.= — Moore. McCarthy. Sacrifice
hits— Whalen, Lockhead and Hammond. I>ouble
play— Strr-ib to Itebbitt to Strelb. Ease on
:.a«!s-O(T Whalen 2. off Ftoffanl 3. Left r,n
bases — Ftockton 10. Oakland 5. Time of trame —
Two hours and thirty-five minutes. Umpire —
J. Donahue. Official scorer— A. II. Hardln. .
»
Baseball at Presidio Grounds.
The St. Ipnatius College baseball tpam
j will meet fhe California nine in a match
; r:\mc this afternoon at 2 o'clock on the
at that time with races in barges, shells
and in outrigfrer skiffs. The junior barge
crew of the Ariel Rowing Club will be
among the competitors, and much is ex-
FINE SPORT AT
THE INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK
Hounds Were All in Good
Form and the Hares
Were Fleet.
Game Exciting.
Long Coarse Contested by Alarue and
Iiittle Fullexton— A Number of
Short-Enders "Win — The
Open stake— A. L. Austln'a Firm Friend beat
A. Van der Burz's Naughty Girl; D. Tolands
Pleasant Girl beat J. H. W. Muller's Cruiser:
Lande & Gerber's Ttlenzi beat I>. K. Carter's •
Lottie C; Connell Bros.' .Mamie Pleasant twat
Kelly & Henley's Haby Kins; II. A. Deck
elman's Ben Kirby ran a bye with Log Boy;
H. A. Deckelman's Snat>»hot beat J. I.
O'Brien's Wandering Tom; J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman beat .Sterl & Knowles' Rusty Gold;
II. A. Ijeckelman's Rocker beat Connell Bros.'
Clover; Kay Bros.' Hawker beat E. Bennett's
Key Del; Williams Cairns' Imperial beat J.
Holden's Scottish Chief; J. Cavaney'i Juliet
beat James Dickson's Black Bess; .Lowe &
Thompson's Little Fullerton beat W. H. Shears'
Alarue; D. K. Carter's High Jlnka beat 11.
Michllikl's Terrona; Allen & Wilson's Master
Claire beat H. A. Deckelman's Kanaka.; F.
McComb's Sir Pasha beat Joe Perry's Commo
dore Nash; R. Strehl's Three Cheers beat Sterl
& Knowlea.' Ollta: R. L. Taylor's Mott beat
James Byrnes' Battleshic; G. W. Hetntz's Ilfr
schel'3 Pride beat II. A. I>eclcelman'a Glen
Cnloe; M. Mlchaliki's Terronlte beat £>. Shan
non's Strand of Gold; E. D. Fallon'i Lily of
the West beat Bartels Bros.' Border's Best;
P. Brophy's Benicia Boy beat J. Duffy'* Babe
Sheridan: S. Hardy's Lady Hugo beat F. Pas
son's Kitty Scott: J. McXell's Black Hawk beat
Lande & Gerber"a Mount Ida; W, N. Hoag'9
Lady Norborne beat Sterl & Knowles' Ripple;
F. C. Mack's Delia M beat Sterl & Knowles'
Amaroaa: P. Joiner's Ever Shora beat W.
Cairns' Gladys Weller: O"Shea Bros." Golden
Rule beat A. Johnson's Lowlander: F. Mc-
Coinb's Storm King beat Harrtgan & "Wlerjand's
Overture; P. Joiner 1 • Wine West beat Bartels
Bros.' Ballroom Belle: J. II. W. Muller's Moon
stone beat W. Stork's Thunderbolt; CShea
Bros.' (names) Mercy May beat Lande A Ger
ber"s Concord: J. Kick's Minerva beat Loire &
.Thompson's BagptpS; M. J. Kelly's Night Time
beat Lowe & Thompson's King's Borderer: Con
nell Bros.' St. Helen beat Farley Bros.' Morse
Patrol; G. W. Heintz's Coquette beat James
Byrnes* Nellie B: Kay Bros." Crosspatch beat
J. Cavaney'B Sissy M; Allen & Wilson's Belle
Claire beat D. Toiands Twilight Jr.; A. John
son' 8 Tod Sloan beat J. Byrnes' Olympus; D.
Shannon's Safeguard beat I. H. Frank's Glen
Anne, and F. McComb's Little Sister beat Rus
sell, Allen & 'Wilson's Palmflower.
The dogs for to-day's run-down are
about evenly matched and some exciting
matches have been predicted. Following
are yesterday's results:
•About nine short-enders got the flag.
Imperial won over Scottish Chief at 1 to
?.\i and High Jinks beat Terrona- at 1 to 3.
Lady Norborne won from Ripple at the
same odds. The other short-enders t>aiU
their players at the rate of about 1 to '<:.
The visitors at Ingleside Coursin? Park
enjoyed excellent sport yesterday. The
dogs were all in good form and the hares
lively. The course between Alarue an.l
Little Fullerton was i-articularly interest-
Ins because of its length, and three min
utes and ten tfconds had ticked off beloisi
the kill. Olita and Three Cheers ran for
one minute and fifty-two seconds and
bruiser and Pleasant Girl remained u :»
the field one minute and four seconds
Mamie I'leasant. Master Claire an-i
Mose ran fast. Lily of the West la com
ing back again and running to form Th<»
last course, between Little Sister and
Palmnower, was the most exciting of the
day. The dogs were well matched and
their work was clever and in a short tlnv>
the scores ran up. Little Sister was tho
victor, having ten points* to her credit,
while Palmflower had eight.
"Eventually thlng3 simmered down to
Central America, and then by process of
elimination to Spanish Honduras. That
was the final stronghold of the fugitive,
but In 1SDS the Congress of the nation ap
proved a new treaty clause, containing
th© usual extradition provisions. So. as
I said before, there Is now no city of
refuge on the face of the earth. The man
with a warrant goes wheresoever he
lists."— New Orleans Times-Democrat.
"A very Interesting fact of modern Ufa
that seems to have escaped attention." re
marked a New Orleans lawyer th© other
day_"ia that the world has wiped Its last
city*bf refuge oft the map. There la no
longer any spot on the globe where our
fugitives from justice are safe from ex
tradition. When I first began to practice*
law an American criminal of retirins dis
position had a wide range of choice in the
matter of foreign residence. Spain, Tur
key. Algiers, Japan. Holland, Chile. Ecua
dor, the Philippines. Cuba and all of Cen
tral America, except British Honduras,
guaranteed security to assorted brands of,
fugitives, from murderers down, and the
list of resorts open to 'simple embezzlers
was very much larger. For years, you re
member, every runaway bank cashier
made a bee line for Canada, and the thing
got to be a standing joke, like the mother
in-law gag and the merry quips about
plumbers. Nevertheless, the circle kept
steadily contracting, and one by one the
different countries entered Into mutual
treaties and put up the bars, so the
American crook who wanted a change of
air began to find himself In the position of
Dick Swiveller, when he checked off the
London streets he couldn't traverse with
out meeting creditors. It was mighty
hard work to figure out a safe Itinerary.
Canada hung tenaciously to the tourist
trade, but at last she passed a law against
bringing stolen property into the Do
minion that practically excluded the flit
ting banker. Japan was one of the last
of the distant powers to adopt a treaty
covering what are called 'crimes against
property,* and the new proviso was a
severe blow to felonious gentlemen In deli
cate health. It robbed them of the balmy
climate of Yokohama.
No City of Refuge Left.
"What do you think of that plan to run
a newspaper on Christian principles?"
asked the night editor.
"I'd like to be there." said the foreman
of. the composing room, "on the final
swinsr. when they hav© half a minute to
get the form In and a column of "must go'
matter gets pled." — Philadelphia. North
American.
BEACON IS MADE
STAKE FAVORITE
BY THE BETTORS
His Kennel Mates Luxor and
Narcissus Next in
Demand. >
Nearly One Hundred Courses Run at
Union Park Without. a Hitch.
Promising Puppies Are
Competing.
Open stake — H. Lynch" s Lexington beat J.
Watklns' Gladiator, 5-0; J. Button's Master
Lawrence beat J. J. Edmonds' Go* On, 6-4;
Aeneid Kennels' Athena beat J. M. Halton's
Lavender, 4-0; R. E. de B. Lopez's Minnie
Wa Wa beat J. R. Smith's Petronius. 10-1:
Captain Cane's Master Davenport beat T.
Logan's Leah. 6-3; G. Whitney's Theron beat
M. O' Neil's Pat Reilly, 10-3; Curtis & Son's
Cavalier beat Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara, 3-0;
R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat W. Kaiser's
Pastime. 16-0; J. Carroll's Auckland beat G.
Sharman's Wait a Blt fc a — 0; Pasha Kennels'
Reckless Archer, a bye; Silver Wings, with
drawn; D. Winders' Risky Attempt beat J.
Morlarity's Kittleman. 12-6; Sterl & Knowles'
Frosty Morn beat A. Johnson's Bald Eagle,
4-3: Curtis & Son'% Flying Fox boat Bartels
Bros.' Baron Blood. 11-4; J. R. Smith's Jennie
Wilson beat George Macdougatl's Spindle, 5-0;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Chicago Boy beat
Erwin & Lyons' Silver Lyon, 7-2; Curtis &
Son's Luxor beat J. Moriarity's Snapper Gar
rison. 8-0: R. K. de B. Lopez's Sara beat Pasha
Kennels' Hound About. 6-0: Erwtn & Lyons'
May Queen, a bye. Rest Assured withdrawn:
A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty, a bye. Cash
withdrawn; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma beat J. Martenet's Sally Brass. 6-0; J.
J. Edmond3' Morning Glory beat R. K. de B.
Lopez's Crawford Lass. 5 — 0: Curtis & Son's
Old Glory beat II. Lynch's Lottie M. 5-4; J.
Martenet's Slim beat M. Dunlea's Erin. 3-2;
O. Abercromble's Rock Island King beat D. E.
Wiley's High Burn Lady. 6-1; T. J. Cronln's
Thornhill beat Captain Cane's Miss Penman,
3-0; E. M-. Kellogg's Iowa Boy beat J. O'Dowd's
Shootover, 4-0; J. I* Ross" J L R beat J. Hur
ley's Shylock Boy, 6-3; F. A\ McComb's Motto
beat Al Austin's Thorndale. 3-2; Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory beat B. Sheehan's Galte.
7-1: p. J. Reilly' s RoyaL Union beat G. Shar
man's Walt a Little. 9-5: T. Sullivan's Castle
Island Boy beat T. J. Cronin's Maid of Ball. 6-2:
Captain Cane's Greenhall beat P. McCabe's
Boney Boy. 6-1: J. Martenet's Bill Foster beat
J. Carroll's Red Hind. 4-0: N. P. Whiting's St.
Anthony b«at Curtis & Son's Blackette. 19-14;
R. L. Taylor's Winning Lassie beat T. Logan's
Miss Griizle, 4-1; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
, Julius Caesar beat J. Anthony's Patriot, «-4; J.
P. Thrift's Brutus beat Curtis & Son's Candela
ria, 6-4; Curtis & Son's McKtnley beat A. Van
derwhtte's Lear King, 9-4; E. M. Kellogg's Kid
McCoy beat G. Sharman's Bowery Boy, 6-0;
Curtis & Son's Commodore beat E. M. Kellogg's
Ben's Babe, 7-6; J. P. Thrift's Forget beat A.
VanderwWte's Master Gordon. 8-6; J. Hurley's
O. K." Capitol beat G. Abercrombie's Rock Isl
land Boy, 6-2; R, E. de B. Lopez's Carmencita
beat T. Sullivan's Maid of the Hill, 4-3; P. J.
Reilly's Grafter beat W. C. Glasson'a Sleigh
Bells, 8-4; Curtis & Son's Beacon beat E.
Geary's Ireland, 8-2; Curtis & Son's Narcissus
beat P. Dingle's Cash In, 5-0: J. Carroll's Blue
stone beat T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee. 4-3;
Tralnor & Sullivan's My Selection beat K. A.
McComb's One Spot, 4-2; J. Sutton's Mayflower
beat It. E. de H. Lopez's Diablo, 5-0; Gus Aber
crombie's Victor King beat J. Hurley's Hurri
cane. 10-8: Pasha Kennels' Metallic beat M.
Welch's Mary Jane, 10-0; Aeneid Kennels' Maid
of Erin beat Walsh & Hunan's Sacramento Boy
6-4: Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer beat G. Mac-
Dougall's Dandaloo, 8-0: J.. R. Smith's Magic
beat Gus Abercromble's Miss Richmond, 12-1;
Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead beat P. J
Olmar's Star. 5-1: J. Smith's Master Workman
beat F. Herrln's St. Elmo, ''teg
Second round— Ranee beat Lioness. 8-5: Ty
rone Prince beat Jolly Rover, 14-1; Anchor
beat Silver Cloud. 6-2; Game Cock beat Pal
myra. 10-4; The Jester beat Oriole, 4-2; Daisy
Dale beat California. 5-1; Moonbright beat
Smuggler, S-7; Head Water beat Tar Hill, l»-8;
Challenger beat Fireside, 8-2; Best Bargain
beat Bald Head, 22-4; Emma M beat Cascade,
7-2; Tired Out beat Betsy Barrow, 3-2.
Puppy stake— J. H. Nichols' Lioness beat J.
Leavenworth"s Wee .< Waves, 12-6; Chiarlni
Brothers' Itanee a bye. Independence with
drawn; J. i\ Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat Al
Austin's Nora Lawrence, 3-2; D. Dillon's Jolly
Rover heat J. Carroll's Erin's Hope, 12-9; Cur
tis & Sons Anchor beat J. P. Thrift's ThouRht
less Keauty. 17-5; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud
beat Curtis & Son's Shadow. 16-3; Chiartn!
Brothers' Palmyra beat R. F. Davis" Lady
Godiva, 13-7; II. Lynch's Game Cock beat
Walsh & Hunan's Grattan, 16-4; \V. Delaney's
Oriole beat Muller & McCarthy's Brentwood
Belle. 10-5; J. V. Thrift's The Jester beat Hur
ley & O'XeU's Dart, 6-0; T. J Cronln's Daisy
Dale beat J. Gibson's Esa, 18-0; J. Williams'
California beat Hurley & ONeil's Javellne,
12-0; P. J. Heilly's Moonbright b*at D. D.
Iloachs Hells of Shandon, 12-9; F. Schou's
Smuggler beat G. H. Macdou gall's Wllhel
miiut. 8-3: Captain Clarkson'a Head Water beat
W. C. Badzer's Alameda Lad, 3-2; J. P.
Thrift's Tar Hill beat \V. J. Leonard's Day
light, 22-5; George Lahusen'g Fireside beat J.
O'Donnt'll's Hoodlum, 16-7; D. Dillon's Chal
lenger beat H. Lynch's Claiborne 9-4; Bartela
Brothers' Best Bargain beat J. Button's Glen
Anne, 6-0- K. L. Taylor's Bald Head beat F.
Dwyer's General Logan, 12-3; P. ODowd's Cas
cade beat It. McCabe's Itifleite. 12-9; J. Maher'i
Emma M beat Walsh & Hunan's Dei Paso.
1S-6; J. I*. Thrift's" Tired Out beat J. I*. Cole's
Mirabllia, 7-3; Bartels Brothers' Betsy Barrow
beat J.' D. Sawyer's Captain Evan, 10-0.
Nearly a hundred courses were run on
the field yesterday at Union Park without
hitch or delay. The puppy stake was run
down twice, leaving twelve still in to
fight for supremacy to-day. Curtis &
Son's Anchor is picked as the probable
winner, with David Dillon's Hughie puppy
Challenge? the most likely candidate for
second place honors. Anchor showed a
good flight of speed, and as he has been
started in several open stakes recently he
has had a fair amount, of the necessary
experience on the field. With so many
dogs of unknown, ability in the running
there, were the usual upsets in the bet
ting. Lioness beat Wee Waves; Silver
Cloud # beat Shadow, and Oriole beat
Brentwood Belle at odds of 2 to 1. In the
succeeding round The Jester beat Oriole
at 2 to 1 and Ranee beat Lioness at 5
to 4. /
In the open stake' yesterday two 6 to 1
shots landed, each winning by the scant
margin of one point. Bald Kagle beat
Frosty Morn, while Muster Workman beat
St. Elmo. Maid of Erin beat Sacramento
Boy, 2 to 1; Athena,beat Lavender, 5 to
2; Minnie Wa Wa beat Petronlus, 5 to 3;
Iowa boy beat Shootover, 5 to 4. The de
tailed results of the coursing, with Judge
John Grace's official scores, follow:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
Oregonians Win.
SEATTLE. May 1?.— The University of
Oregon defeated the* University of "Wash
ington in their Interstate track meet here
to-day. The score was close, being 62
to 60 in the visitors' favor. The result
was In douUt up to the last two events.
In the running high jump Knox of Ore
gon broke the collegiate record of his
State, going 5 feet 6 inches. The visitors
won seven firsts, six seconds and nine
thirds. ¦'.:/.:
Day.
W. SMITH, No. 2. '" A. KEEGAN, bow.
HARRY FOLEY, No. 3. ROY WEST, coxswain. H. LUHRSON, stroke.
Junior Barge Crew of the Ariel Rowing Club. ' \
24
; boxinq ?
ROWING-YACHTING
* TENNIS I
IN THE FIELD OF SPORT
; BASEBALL f
COURSING-RACING
; ANGLING {
OARSMEN ARE PREPARING
FOR THE SEASON'S OPENING
•W. R. WILLIAMS.
STRICTLY RELIABLE. %
IJn, k
mm*^ m. a. w <r>
TAI HOTT 1
Practice Confined to Disorders of 8
MEN ONLY.}
1 "Weakness" of Men, I
# Not a Weakness, but Symptoms, q
£j By far the most frequent cause of so-called "weakness" of men is S
~ chronic Jnflammation^of the Prostate Gland. This gland is the very center £*
V of the reproductive apparatus. It can readily be understood that lnllamma-C*
& tion of any or^an will cause disordered function of that organ. A remedy 8
<& that would cure a real ¦weakness would make an Inflammation worse. Hence O
« the necessity for correct diagnosis. Many men who have unsuccessfully 8
S treated for weakness will now know the cause of failure. Our practice is Q
« devoted to this condition,' together with contracted ailments. O
£? Fees reasonable and may be paid in Installments as patient sees his lm- o
O provement. ' v o
8 Full information cheerfully mailed In plain envelope. 8
g Office hours. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m., Sundays included. 8
§ 997 MARKET STREET, Entire Upper Floor, Cor. '6th Street. 8
§ . ¦ ¦. . i . ¦•¦•... . $
I Millions Use I
CASCARETS. Surprising, isn't it, that within three years onr K
sales are over 5,000,000 boxes a year? "That proves merit. Casca- <a
rets do good for so many others, that we nrj?e you to try just a 10c W
box. Don't put it off I Do it today. V
J^^lgm^Bk CANDY CATHARTIC *
dR When you ask for Cascarets, don't let the dealer substitute some- ih
(ti thing else. There is nothing- else as good as Cascarets, and if yon tt
fl Are not pleased we pay your money back. 10c, 25c, 60c, all drug- W
¦£ lists. Sample and booklet free. Address Sterling Remedy Cot J{
(• Chicagoor New York. 3
I Best i or the Bowels 1OAKLAND. May 19.— The County
Board of Education met last evening and
granted primary grade certificates to An
nie M. Newcome, Catharyn L. Owen,
Mary Concannon; grammar grade certi
ficates to W. Stanley Clyma. Lillian Lib
bey. Hannah Duffey: and special certifi
cates to Miss E. A. Woodsum. Miss Anna
Warner. Miss Fannie Ardley, Miss Angle
Husted.
Teachers' Certificates Granted.
OAKLAND, May 19.— Judge Hall grant
ed a divorce this afternoon to Lorenzo
Sands from Ole T. Sand3 on the ground of
desertion.
In the divorce suit of Ora Brlggs
against George Brlggs Judge Ellsworth
has issued a commission to James E. Nor
ton of Wyoming County, N. Y., to take
the' deposition of Betsy Tours, who Is an
important witness.
Mrs. 1>. Sands Gets a Divorce.
OAKLAND, May 19.— Andrew Chesney
was thrown from a car this evening on
the Eighth-street' branch of the Oakland
Transit Company's system, and has been
in an unconscious .condition all evening,
with serious probability of a fracture of
the 'skull. -He. was taken to his home at
1440 Fifth 'street; where he was attended
by Dr. F.W Hulme and J. K. Sanborn.
The accident is said to have been due to
the carelessness of the company.
DEATH MAY FOLLOW
FALL FROM CAR
Old maids In the United States are out
numbered - by the bachelors, although It
Is popularly supposed that the contrary Is
the case. * To come to exact figures, there
are 7,427.767 bachelors £tn<i 3.224.4M spin
sters.;.This ' Is ; upon the "authority of a
Government report. Even In Massachu
setts, where it was thought that old
Another society which has been organ
ized In Denmark Is the Celibacy Insur
ance Society. Its objects is to provide for
those women who either cannot or will
not provide themselves with husbands.
The premiums begin at the age of 13 and
end at 40, an age at which it Is supposed
most of tnejTiembers will have abandoned
all thought of marriage. Such being the
case, the woman receives an annuity for
life. If she marries at any time she for
feits all her rights.
Some one has proposed a husbands'
union for the protection of husbands; Just
what they are to be protected from is not
yet stated. Possibly the union is to be
founded on the same lines as the School
for Wives, established In England.
Still better are the marriage schools
w"htch are being developed in Germany on
very practical lines. They are. for girls
and women only, and. the value of sUch a
training cannot be overestimated. Girls
leave the marriage school competent to
undertake ¦ the management of a house—
and of a husband. The girls who have
been graduated from these schools have
been extra lucky in getting married, so It
is said.
Say the Government Reports.
More Unmarried Men Than Women,
CONSOLATION FOR SPINSTERS.
BERKELEY. May 19.— President W. H.
Marston and Clerk Hanscom of the Board
of Trustees were appointed a committee
at last night's meeting of the Trustees to
investigate the selling of bonds for the
new school buildings. They will advise
the board at the next meeting on the most
feasible plan for the disposition of the
bonds. An ordinance providing for the Is
suance of bonds was passed to prlnt-
Berkeley School Bonds.
BERKELEY, May 13.-Tho Berkeley
High School held its annual Interclass
field day this afternoon on the cinder path
of the University of California. There
was quite a large crowd present to wit
ness the events, the Interest in which was
enlivened by the entering cf several mem
bers of the faculty. The senior class won
the day by a score of £5 points to 65 for
the middle class. 18 for the Juniors and 25
for the ninth grade grammar school.
The results were as follows:.
100-ya.rd dash, ninth grade— J. Hartley, Nel
son and S. Hartley.
Fat men— Dupt McCoy.
220-yard dash— J. Hartley, Benjamin Fenn.
tO-yard dash, slow race (bicycle) — Dobbins.
Whltlock.
Ka.ce for ail nations— Spanish, Lathrop; Chi
nese, Well*: English. Ambrose. ;
One lap. Juvenile— Harper, Young, McDonald.
Bhotput— voli, 46 feet lft Inches; Clark. Haw
ley. . .
85-yard sack race— Volz, Skinner, Boettinxer.
440- yard <J*«h— Hartley. Hawley. Harrison.
Faculty shotput— Clarke, 25 feet 2 inches;
James. £6 feet 10 inches.
40-yard daah— Clarke, AsphandL James.
Tole vault— VoU. 9 feet; Slundbn, Finn.
The half-mile relay between alumni and
high school was won by the former.
BERKELEY HIGH SCHOOL
. INTERCLASS FIELD DAY
Mrs. Wilder IMslocates Her Shoulder.
OAKLAND, May 19.— Mrs. F. A. Wilder,
Trife of the proprietor of the Albany Ho
tel, met with a painful accident this after
noon while attending the lawn party of
the Woman's Alliance of the First Uni
tarian Church at the residence of Mrs.
Egbert B. Stone on the San Leandro road.
While walking across the lawn she
Btumbled over a wire a few inches above
the ground and fell heavily, dislocating
her left shoulder. •
Baccalaureate sermon, Rev. A. M. Petty
of Dixon. Cal.. Sunday, May 20, at 7:30
p. m., First Baptist Church, Alameda:
graduation of music class, Monday, May
21, 8 p. m. t college chapel; graduating ex
ercises of academy, Tuesday, May .22, at
8 p. m., college chapel: commencement.
"Wednesday, May 23, at 10:30 a. m., college
chapel; commencement address by Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler; college din
ner at 12:30 p. m.
OAKLAND, May 19.— Commencement
week at California College begins this
evening with a reunion of the alumni In
the college chapel. During the week the
following programme will be carried out:
COMMENCEMENT WEEK
AT CALIFORNIA COLLEGE
OAKLAND. May 19.— A farewell recep
tion and banquet was tendered to Rev.
Major W. N. Meserve, pastor of the Free
Baptist Church, in the parlors of the
church this evening. Tho musical pro
gramme consisted entirely of all the old
war songs, selected in honor of Rev. Mr.
Meserve, he having been at the front in
the battles and skirmishes during the Civil
War. He was appointed chaplain, then
captain and finally major of the First
Massachusetts Regiment. He has been
pastor of the Free Baptist Church off and
on for the past eleven years. He Is held
In the highest esteem. Major Meserve has
resigned his pastorate to take up even
gelical work in Cape Nome.
Pastor Meserve Going to Uome.
Teacher— Now, Johnny, see if you can
remember what I read to you yesterday.
"Lives of great men all remind us —
What?"
Johnny — I don't jest remember the
words, but I think I know what it means.
Teacher— Well, what does it mean?
Johnny— Why. that we can play on the
seashore all the time if we want to. —
Philadelphia Press.
"Let us get down to facts! In the first
place, you have only yourself to blame for
this indigestion."
"No, doctor: I blame the city."
"The city? What has It do do with It?"
"It put a homely policeman on our
beat."
"And what has that to do with your In
digestion?"
' ! Why, we couldn't keep a cook." — Chi
cago News.
"The principal matter we attended to
was the establishment in Denver of a
non-sectarfan hospital for persons afflicted
with tuberculosis. The local lodge of
Denver commenced this work, and it was
materially aided by the Grand Lodge of
District No. 2. The Constitutional Grand
Lodge subscribed $20,000 and Edgar
Strauss $1000 toward the balance needed.
The institution will be known as the Na
tional Jewish Hospital, and it will be open
fnr all, without regard to creed or nation
ality."
OAKLAND, May 19.— A. Jonas returned
last night from a visit to the East, where
he went as a delegate to tfce constitu
tional convention of the Independent Or
der of B'nai B'rlth. In discussing the con
vention he said:
Hospital for Consumptives.
"People over 50 would do well to give
up milk and eggs aa a diet .'* said Dr.
Henry M. Dearborne. "These are~the
structure forming foods of animals which
mature in a short time, and when taken
In quantities by human beings whose
structures have already formed they tend
only to the hardening and aging of the
tissues."
Dr. Dearborne said that he had seen
people who were beginning to find stair
climbing difficult and who were losing
their elasticity much benefited by elim
inating these articles from their diet.
"There has been a great increase In the
duration of life below the age of 50, sta
tistics prove," he said, "but beyond that
period there has been no improvement."
In his opinion, the person over 50 should
have as good a chance to preserve life
as the young child Just beginning ita
struggle with existence.— New York
Times. £ •
rapt, and will fo r«-main for four days.
Ti!;on it i* fxpf<-\p<i that the skin will
have attached Itself to the face. The op
frtxtinn wns performed by Drs. Porter,
Ftratton. Ewer, Howe. Saiiborn and Mil
ton.
OAKLAND. May 19.— One cf the most
extensive skin-grafting operations ever
fi.ttompted in this State was performed
this evening at the Oakland Receiving
Hospital upon Rosie James, the young
«roman whose face was so horribly cut
v/hile on a trolley ride on the Oakland
Transit Company's lines some weeks ago,
b«r h<^ad being forced into a broken win
dow. The wounJ destroyed the side of her
face, and the only hope of saving her feat
ure? was skin grafting. It was found that
It was necessary to transfer a piece three
fay four inches in «=ize. The skin was taken
from the young woman's right arm, and
the arm was then bound against the face
In order '.hat the circulation might be
maintained. This was placed In a plaster
FLESH OF HER ARM TO
GROW UPON HER FACE
When to Stop Eggs and Milk.
"The strength of an organ depends upon
its use" applies to the teeth as It does to
any other part of the body. The masti
cation of coarse food may wear tho grind
ing surfaces, but this does not Interfere
with their functions, as Is shown by the
teeth of the Eskimos — ground down In
many cases to the gum., yet showing no
signs of decay. The same condition may
be seen in the teeth of the California In
dian. Nature -has provided for the wear
of -the tooth by building from the Inside,
when the pulp which occupies the center
of the tooth is approached. — New York
Herald.
It is a curious fact that most people In
chewing use one side of the mouth more
than the other. This can be traced usu
ally to some defect on the unused side,
but the habitual use of one side of the
mouth Is detrimental to the opposite sldo
and to the health generally, j
The loss of a tooth adds a wrinkle to the
face. This Is not so apparent, perhaps, in
youth as in middle age, although even in
the youthful the loss of a cuspid, or eye
tooth, Is plainly Indicated by a line ex
tending from the wing of the nose to the
angle of the mouth. This is caused by the
shrinking away of the prominence which
outlined the root of the tooth.
When one tooth has been extracted you
have really lost two. Teeth cut and grind.
The grinding teeth may be likened to mill
stones—one acting upon the other. Re
move a tooth and the opposite organ is
without a function. It has nothing to
grind against. It will lengthen slightly,
as though in search of a mate, and in the
case of the gnawing animals the loss of
an incisor usually results in the death of
the animal. The opposing tooth, elongat
ing, prevents the use of the remaining
teeth, or, as frequently happens to rab
bits, the tooth, having no work to do,
curves upward until it penetrates the
skull. Luckily, our teeth are limited as
to their growth.
The average individual values a tooth
lightly, even as an object of utility, In its
natural setting, and Its loss is considered
a trivial matter unless it happens to be a
front tooth. Not until nearly all the teeth
have been destroyed by decay or removed
by the forceps does one realize what has
happened.
In the great Malagawa temple at Kandy
Is a tooth attracting pilgrims from far
and near. A special mission was sent from
Slam to try to purchase this, a supposed
tooth of Buddha, An amount equivalent
to $250,000 was offered for it. It is not
strange that a portion of the human body
Bhould be ; thus worshiped. There are
many shrines where teeth are held aa ob
jects of worship, inclosed with golden cas
kets, and rarely exposed to the gaze of
the unbeliever.
Functions — Losses Taken Lightly
Hard to Retrieve.
REAL VALUE OF HUMAN TEETH.
Interesting Facts Relative to Dental
Will Address the Socialists.
OAKLAND, May 19. — "Steps From
Bondage to Freedom" Is the subject on
which Scott Anderson of San Francisco
will address ] Oakland Section, Socialist
Labor party, at Becker's Hall to-morrow
evening.
Kuhn had been in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company as a switch
man. He lived at 1558 Eighth street.
Kuhn had been watching a game of
cards in a saloon near by, and about 12
o'clock he left the place to go home. A
few minutes later he was found by
Michael Ilalpin. John Harty and H. A.
Kohn. who saw him lying prostrate in the
doorway of a tinning shop. The men no
tified Policeman Murphy, who summoned
the patrol wagon. When the wagon ar
rived it was seen that Kuhn was dead,
and the Coroner was sent for. An autopsy
this afternoon developed the fact that
heart disease was the cause of death.
OAKLAND, May 19.— A. M. Kuhn, a rail
road employe, 21 years old, was found
dead shortly after midnight this morning
in a doorway on Seventh street, near
Chester.
OVERTAKEN BY DEATH
WHILE WALKING HOME
Lllllo Donnelly, arrested for stealing a
diamond from her employer, was Inter
ested In the dialogue between the Judge
and the kisser. She had pleaded guilty
to the reduced charge of larceny.
"I s'pose six months is about tho right
ting for me, too, Jedjre. But I was goln"
to give the diamond back. How old am
I? I ain't aighteen. They say I'm 6lxteen,
but that is wrong."
But the Judge waa lenient with the girl
tnfl guessed that fifty days' Imprison
ment would serve the ends of Justice.
"Ain't that pretty touph fer one smack,
Jedge?" queried Kelly after he had re
covered from the shock produced by the
heavy sentence. "I didn't do no harm. I
jest couldn't help it 1 never was arrest
ed frr kissing a lady before."
"Well, you've got what you deserve."
retorted the Justice. "You ought to , learn
how to kiss a girl without getting" Into
jail charged with battery. Kissing a girl
is a serious offense in my opinion. You
appear to be an pmateurat this osculatory
game. You need practice.- Read a few
books on the subject. You'll have plenty
of time now. Six months; no less."
Kelly, the kisser, was given six months
in the County Jail this morning by the
Justice for purloining a kiss from Mrs.
Isabella Brock while she was looking the
other v.ay.
ALAMEDA, May 19. — In Alameda
kisses come higher than diamonds. A
kiss in Justice's scale outbalances one
of the brilliant white gems. For steal
ing a. kiss in Alameda they give the thief
six months in Jail. Steal a diamond and
he will discharge the obligation with a
sentence of fifty days. Justice of the
Peace Morris is the originator of this
unique method of reasoning. The Jus
tice is partial to kisses and therefor©
places a higher value upon them.
Kisser Kelly Gets Six Months, While
the Purloiner of a Precious Gem
Is Given but Fifty
Days.
Justice Morris Originator
of Unique Method of
.Reasoning.
ALAMEDA KISSES
MORE EXPENSIVE
THAN DIAMONDS
The little one was the three-year-old
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jackson Lea
baum, who live on the outskirts of San
Leandro, where they have a prosperous
fruit ranch; Mrs. Leabaum was watch
ing the little girl yesterday afternoon in
the kitchen of their home while attend
ing to her housework.
Mrs. Leabaum left the kitchen for a
moment. In that brief space of time
the little one toddled up to the table and
took therefrom a bunch of matches. She
began to pick them apart and the entire
bunch caught tire. ;
Frightened at what she had done, the
child dropped the matches into her lap.
In an instant her clothing was ablaze.
She began to scream, and her cries
brought her mother back from the front
of. the house. Mrs. Leabaum acted
promptly and with good judgment. She
caught up a blanket and succeeded in
smothering the flames, but not until the
little one had been so badly burned that
recovery was Impossible.
Dr. Mason of San Leandro was Bent
for, and applied soothing lotions, but
was not able to save the life of the child,
as she had Inhaled the flames. Death
came this morning.
Playing with matches has again caused
the death of a child. Little Marie Lea
baum died at San Leandro this morning
after suffering through the night from
burns which the parents and physician
knew must prove fatal.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 19.
Tliree-Year-Old Child Sets Her Cloth
ing on Fire Trying to Pick
Apart a Bunch of
Lucifers.
Horrible Death of Little
Marie Leabaum at San
Leandro.
FATAL BUMS
FROM PLAYING
WITH MATCHES
OAKLAND. May 19.— Rev. Leonard J.
Garver ¦will address the meeting at Y. M.
C. A. Hall to-morrow afternoon on the
subject, "Romola. or the Sequel of Selfish
ness." The meeting will be open to men
and women.
Address by P-ev. L. J. Garver.
the subject of the morninp sermon by
Rev. K. L. Halsey of the First Baptist
Church. In the evening he will speak
upon "Jacob's Well."
of his San Leandro home. She brought
suit before her husband could do so.
Out of an equal number of bachelors
and widowers between 25 and 30 years of
age, thirty ¦widowers remarry for every
thirteen bachelors who enter the bonds
of hymen for the first time. For every
spinster married between 30 and 63, two
widows are remarried. Both facts are
eloquent in favor of the comparative ad
vantages of matrimony.
New York State has 120,000 more bachel
ors than spinsters. Only one State in the
Union has more female celibates than
male, and ' that Is California. .In which
there are K),4Gtj of the former and 22,829 of
the latter. The State of Washington has
perhaps the • largest excess of forlorn
single men— 80.537 all told, the unmarried
women numbering only 91S1.
maids constitute a large proportion of the
population, they could each find a hus
band and then not exhaust the stock of
single men, for there are men and
only 219,255 women who have not yet en
tered the bonds of matrimony.
First '¦-¦— — G. A. Hal!. I>r. 3. C. Gilb^rtson.
J. H. Mitchell. A. 3. Wilson. G. Pollltt. E.
Iteaph, H. Wha.lt ». W. Channel. K. Pfctty. Dr.
O. M. Fw-ayze, K. C. Lackle. R. Button.
Second bassos— A. \Valker-Cra*E. C. L. Trow,
C V.'tite, K. »!non. \V. P. Swindell. A. B.
Fattier, H. I>. Kemp, C Ebbferson. J. Petty,
\V. Hunter. L>r J. M. ifellridee. C. Webb. J.
A. Roberts on. A. T>o\e.
OAKLAND. May 19.— The concert next
Thur^jay at the Macdonough Theater un
der the auspices of the British relief com
mittee for the benefit of the families cf
British soldiers fighting in South Africa
promises to attract a crowded house. The
grand cnorus will be composed of the fol
lowing voices:
nnt tfrTjrs— W. J. Oaks. It. Howden, H. M.
Baier. E. T. Taylor, C. Wild, E. J. WhUehead.
A. A. L>avis. E. S. Clausen. T. Booth. W.
Kirh. F. 1 hilHus. Robert Xlcholls, E. J.
Squires. r>. Mercer. B. S. Morris. A. BaUlngall.
S«oni tenors — Processor Mereditb. J. E.
T'-t.r.. J. W. Thomas \V. S. Jones. H. PolMtt,
H. Btewrard. E. Pjlnier. E. Button. F. Taylor,
C H. l>fch, A. \V. Tnuton. A. J. Robinson,
A. lHnsl*. <*fciirles Gardner.
CONCERT ON THE
GUEEN'S BIRTHDAY
"For two hours this afternoon I grieved
that I was not a stenographer, Mrs.
Kashmore remarked to me on the car to
*\vhy?" I asked.
"Because I had to take the minutea of
a meeting of the Women's Heart to Heart
Auxiliary of the Society for the Cultiva
tion of Psychic Charity." she replied,
showing me her book of notes. "You
really should Join in this good work," she
added.
"If the good work Is proportionate to
the name." I replied, "It must be marvel
ous. But kindly tell me how psychic
charity differs from any other kind," 1 in
quired.
Before she could reply her attention be
came absorbed in the enactment of, a lit
tle drama opposite.
A year-old child, held at its mother's
shoulder, had been alternately biting on
and tapping the window with a bright,
new silver dollar, and now the dollar nad
; disappeared down the space between the
side of the car and the back of the seat.
"I wonder If It can be got out?" said
Mrs. Kashmore.
- I appealed to the conductor.
The conductor promptly decided that it
could not. whereupon the woman, who
was poorly dressed, took upon herself a
look that was- pitifully miserable.
"Here Is an opportunity that your
'Heart of Heart Auxiliary' can embrace."'
I said to Mrs. Kashmore. "It is evident
that the dollar is of vital Importance to
the poor woman." I continued.
"It Is also evident that she was inex
cusably careless." replied Mrs. Kashmore.
"Besides," she added, "you ought to know
that psychic charity has nothing to do
with money."
Mr. Biff. Shady (who a week ago hart
been pointed out to me as the political
"boss of the Fifth Ward"), sitting near
us, here took a dollar from his pocket
and dropping it Into the woman's lap im
mediately walked out of the car in an
embarrassed manner.
"I wonder," said I. questionably, "of
what charity society Mr. Biff Shady Is a
member?"
Mrs. Kashmore refused to reply.
"It seems to be the real thing. I sug
gested, "even if it does cover a multitude
of sins."
The silence on Mrs. Kashmore's part
became oppressive, and I was plaii that
the car had reached ir.y corner. — Life.
Trolley Car Ethics.
The sensation of the evening was when
A. Hickmott. who up to a short time ago
was a prominent canner came forward
with an oflV-r to invest flO.<XK> in an in
dependent cannery, the money to be ready
0A.KLAXD, May 19.— The fruit
growers of Alameda County have
organized to fight the combined
canneries, which threaten by the
low price offered for the product
of the orchards to freeze the fruit men
out of business. To-night over one hun
dred of the leading growers of Eden
Township met In the S:in Leaiidro City
Hall and formed an association, the ob
ject of which will be to establish an In
dependent cannery for the handling of
the product of their orchards. Many of
the growers were heard in speeches which
show the fervor of the orchardists In
their efforts to escape the tyranny of the
combine.
As it was necessary to devise plans for
the disposal of the cherry crop of this
year. It was decided to appoint a commit
tee of three from each of the districts of
the township — San Leandro, San Lorenzo
and Haywards — to secure an option on as
much of the fruit as possible and go with
the option to the combine or to any indi
vidual canner for the best price obtain-
to throw off the yoke that bound them to
their oppressors. He said that cherries
could not be grown at a profit for 2^
cents a pound, the price offered by the
combine. Ordinary black cherries could
be grown for 4 cents, but for Royal Annes
at least 7V& cents should be received.
J. H. Begier also denounced the efforts
of the canners to combine to squeeze the
fruit men. He could not, he said, grow
cherries at the price offered by the can
ners, and it was to the interest of the
growers to establish a cannery where they
could preserve their product and dispose
of it afterward to jobbers, who were cer
tain of a market, as they had the world
In which to eet rid of it.
Daniel McCarthy, who was elected per
manent secretary of the association, took
an active part in the discussion and made
several valuable suggestions as to the
best plans for going ahead In the Import
ant matter that confronted the fruit
growers of Alameda ' County. Among
those who spoke in earnest terms were:
C. Hastings. Daniel McCarthy, Georpe
Smith, A. Hickmott, J. H. Begier, I. B.
Parsons, Wililam Meek and A. B. Cary.
This delegation will confer with the
canners and see what rates can be had
for cherries. They will secure the best
terms possible and report back to the as
sociation next Tuesday evening.
Haywards— A. Hickmott, E. K. Stro
bridse, Wililam Meek. San Lorenzo — E.
J. Holland, George Smith, John Function.
San Leandro— A. B. Cary, B. D. Gray, M.
M. Avellar.
able. With 75 per cent of the total output
of the county it would be possible to dic
tate terms to their would-be oppressors.
This action was taken and the following
committees appointed:
President. Amzi V. Cary: first vice presi
dent, 1. B. Parsons; second vice president,
M. M. Avollar; secretary. Daniel McCar
thy: treasurer, Charles II. Hale: execu
tive committee, K. J. Holland, J. Sullivan,
K. K. Strobridge, J. H. Begier and B. D.
Gray.
A constitution and by-laws was then
adopted, which declared the name of the
association to be the Alameda County Bay
District Fruit Growers' Association. It
was set forth that the objects of the asso
ciation are to oppose the influence of tho
combine which la at present attempting to
lower the already too low price of fruit,
and to deviso other means for the disposal
of the fruit than to accede to the de
mands of the monopoly. George Smith, a
prominent grower, urged the orchard- men
C. R. Jones was chairman of the last
meeting and Daniel .McCarthy temporary
secretary. After some discussion the fol
lowing permanent oflicers were elected:
Havelan. Daniel McCarthy, J. N. Frank.
B. D. Gray, A. B. Cary, C. R. Jones, John
Devery.
When the meeting was called to order
a roll was prepared, which was signed by
the following growers: J. H. Begier, 9.
I-infoot. F. S. Hastings. Austin J. Rob
erts. S. Huff. Charles H. Hale, James
Camp, J. J. Rose, B. Barkhausen, H. T.
Rnwecker, Miss Agnes A. Peachy, Joseph
Herrscher, Frank Byrnes; James Byrnes,
M. H. Garcia. B. F. Mason. John G. Silva,
J. Callioun, M. S. Bulao, M. M. Avellar,
A. lioeers, A. Wimnrsn. Johri Black, F.
A. Sullivan, J. L. Meilo. A. Fields, W.
T. Thrasher, D. Keefe, George Downle,
Marcus Colvesen. Joseph S. Oakes. J. A.
Cunha, John Whelan, Thomas Morgan,
DiLVid fry. A. Johnson, F. Meyer, A.
Hickmott, I. B. Parsons, J. V. Jensen,
E, K. Strobridge, E. J. Holland, Peter
on April 1, 1901. Hickmott remarked that
it wa^s time for the growers of the State
to escape from the clutches of the mo
nopoly which for some time had dominat
ed the men who produced the fruit and
he was willing to aid the project to the
best of his ability and with what finances
he could command.
MOVING SPIRITS IN MOVEMENT TO THROW OFF YOKE OF CANNERY TRUST.
FRUIT GROWERS OF ALAMEDA COUNTY
UNITE TO FIGHT CANNERY COMBINE.
William F. Ballard •was 28 years old.
He was a native of Illinois. Since he
came to California he has acted as an
organizer for the Knights of the Macca
bees. He leaves besides his wife and
mother a sister residing in Los Angelea.
Dr, F. K. Jordan signed the death cer
tificate, which sets forth that the causa
of death was valvular disease of the
heart.
The Woman's Relief Corps of the G. A.
R. will conduct a fLjg service for the dead
after the simple ttremonlea by the Rev.
Mir. Spencer. The Maccabees, of which
BuIIard was an officer, will attend the
funeral. The remains will be forwarded
to Los Angeles for interment.
Mrs. Rosa Bal'arJ, the bride of a day.
Is a widow. Her husband, whom she
married even when hope for his life was
gone, died this morning at the Windsor
Hotel, where Tor three months he lay on
a bed of pain. The young man passed
away in the presence of his bride, his
mother and several friends. All had be
come rocor.ciled to the fact that the ro
mar.tic midnight marriage would be ter
minated by untimely death.
The funeral of the young man will take
place to-morrow afternoon from the resi
dence of Mrs. Dr. Fearn. 1173 Clay street.
Mrs. Kearn became acquainted with the
pathetic circumstances surrounding Mr.
Ballard and his bride and kindly offered
to the bereaved wife and mother of the
dead man the use of her residence for
the funeral services. The Rev. Puul M.
Spencer, assistant pastor of the First M.
E. Church and an old friend of Mr. Bal
lard, will officiate. Music will be ren
dered by a quartet from the choir of the
church.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, May 19.
His Faithful Young
Sweetheart.
Sad Sequel to the Pathetic Midnight
Marriage of a Dying Man and
William F. Ballard Passes
Beyond Aid of Medical
Science.
BRIDE OF A DAY
BEREFT OF HER
YOUNG HUSBAND
;- faithful public servant, both as City
Councilman of Oakland and as Assessor
ft Ai^meda Coumy. Should the people
decide thai I am deserving of promotion
an< by th-ir votes place me in an office
which is generally considered higher in
rank than that I now occupy I will con
tinue to cio my utmost to serve them with
lideiity and all the energy I possess."
his official statement. This is now added
In the following interview even by Mr.
DaUon this evonir.g:
"JCow thst-t I have finally decided as to
my future course you nxay state that I am
positively a. candidate. If the Kepulj
]:rar:.s of the Third Congression:U District
bonor me by giving me the nomination I
"<•• ! assured that tr.e people of that dis-
Trict will elect rne. In this connection
permit me to sa.v that I fully appreciate
the honors which the people of Oakland
and Alameda County have conferred upon
rue in the past. I have endeavored to be
a candidate for several monlhs, and the
only thing that his candidacy lacked v/a.s
.tiowa for Months to Be a Candidate
to Succeed Metcalf, the Alameda
Assessor Now Takes the
Field Openly.
?-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, May 19.
Henry P. DalV>n issued a formal an
r-iuncement of his candidacy for Congress
to succe?<l Congre-isiraii Victor H. M<?t
caif to-night. The statement that Mr.
l>:>.!ton intended to be a candidate for
<"onerres^ has been published repcatedly
lor the last three months, but he with
held h!s formal announcement until the
State convention should be over. The
Pi::e convention has adjourmd and Mr.
I>iil:on now announces that he Is in the
fight "or the Republican nomInatUc\
Mr. Dalton has been working hard dur
ing the i£LSt six months and he has been
buMdingr his fences In ajl directions. He
has loured the district in person and by
proxy in the person of Frank C. Jordan.
County Clerk of Alameda County. To ail
intents and purposes Mr. Dalton has been
dakes Formal Announce
ment of His Desire to
Go to Congress.
DALTON AT LAST
SAYS HE SUITS
THE NOMINATION
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
OAKLAND, May 19.— Louisa R. Pereira
has sued her husband, Joanuin Pereira,
otherwise known as Perry, for a divorce
upon the ground ; of cruelty. Pereira
caught -his- wife in company ; with; Manuel
Borge a few days ago and trfrned her. out
Forestalled Her Husband
Boole Company Incorporates.
OAKLAND. May 19.— Articles of incor
poration was filed to-day by "W. ; A.
Boole & Son with a capital stock of $1,500.
000. The following directors have sub
scribe 5500 each: w. A. Boole. Wlnflcld S.
Davis. H. Z. Howard. J. D. McKee, : W.
I A. Boole Jr. A general &hip building busl-
I ness will be carried on. .
BERKELEY, ' May 19.-At the First
Presbyterian Church. Allston and Ells
worth streets, Kev. H. C. lilnton will
preach at 11 o'clock in the morning on
"Means and Methods in Church Work."
At 7:30 o'clock his subject will be "The
Destruction of the Old."
At Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church
Rev C. K. Jenness will speak upon "The
General Conference" in the morning, and
In tho evening upon "Invest Thou Me?"
Rev. E. L. Hosmer of the First Uni
tarian Church will preach at 11 o'clock
upon "The Gospel of Humility.'; ; -
•The Sanctlflcation of Christ" \ will be
At Berkeley Churches.
OAKLAND, May 19. — Oakland Com
mandfry No. 11, Knights Templar, will
attend divine services to-morrow evening
at the First Congregational Church. They
go at the invitation of the pastor. Rev.
Charles R. Brown. The Knights will meet
at their hall at .7:15 o'clock and go in a
body to the church.
Knights Will Attend Church.
25
Prof. Jules Laborde's Marvelous
French Preparation of
wmd -^fll i§j F° r L 0^ Manhood.
v$ I Full 5 Days 1 Treatment
By Sealed (\1ai!«
HO G, 0. D. OS DEPOSIT SCHEME*
Everv person who Is a sufferer from nervous shrunken parts. This speclfllc remedy will
liseases should write tho Von ilohl Co., Cin- euro you at any stage beforeepUepsy results
Cinnati. Ohio, at once, and accept their offer •srlthonsuinecon.sumptionanUInsanlty. Ual-
of a five days 1 trial treatment free of charge, thos" Roes directly to the seat of the trouble.
This Is no C.O. I), or DEPOSIT scheme but a no matter of bow Inn? stnndmjr, and the pa-
llbcral proposition made to unfortunate suf- tient i eel3 the benefit or the first day s treat-
ferers by thislong-cstabllshod concern, which ment. In five days tho medicines sent Irea
is tho largestimporter of specifics for nervous will make you feel like a new man.
and sexual diseases In tho world. Tne Von Mohl Co. often receives thenwl
The VonMohl Co. has the solo American T^y
riffhtaforProf l^^^^kSn to'ad 3 havo thousS Sf lettfmonTaf^from th£S
of "Oolthm." the only remedy kn owntoad- fa beca pepmaBen tiy cured after hav-
vanced medical science that will positively . hpGn < , jT( ,/ n . v v doctors, misled and
cure nervous debility This remedy has for £f a £f & T d2?^lbto1riSdlcal
years been used as a specific in the ' *™L C& schemers, and when they had plvenup their
and German armies, and since Its introduc- i-«.* hone for heal* h and haDDlneas. Soson-
tion luto the United States has cured many i?SU l SK»?wllV DOTtait hU Seto be used
thousands of sufferers, and the remarkable «W| t££tinvjnial as^n^admission^hathe Thad
success of the remedy In Europe has been re- Sy^i^S^to wSteRfipS3«tlon
peated In this country. of J '.. Calthos .. is a specific cure. Some lrre-
In order to place this wonderful treatment sP onslblo advertisers are using "made-up"
in tho hands of every person who suffers the testimonials, but tho VonMohl Co. lnvarfa-
mental and pbvslcaf anguish of sexual weak- declines to make puhllc the names or cor-
ness, Tho VonMohl Co., has decided tosenda respondoace of any patlenta who have been
free trial treatment to all who write at once. cure( i by "Calthos."
Tho remedy Is sent by m3il In a plain pack- pj ve d3y 3 * treatment will bo placed la yocr
age, and there Is no publicity In receiving it or haiuJs free of cost, and you are earnestly
taking it. 'Accompanying tho medicine there urged for your own sake to send for It with-
is a full treatise In plain lanscuaco for you to out delay. Write to day and send your ad-
read. Take tho medicine privately with per- dress. I bis not necessary to jrlve em barrass-
fect safety, and a suro euro is guaranteed. j n g derails of your sympton*. The book ac-
Lost vitality croeps upon men unawares, companyins the fire days* treatment, will en-
Do not deceive Yourself or remain in lsnt>- able you to take the medicine In private and
ranee while you "are beinp draped down by treat yourself successfully at home. It costs
this insidious disease. No matter, what the nothim- to try this remejljr. Itmaycostyoa
cause may be, whether early abuses, excesses a Rreardoal 1 more Mto 1"^ his off" ro oar. J* J|ta
or overwork and business cares, tho results today. Address THi. VON MOITL CO.» t9ti.
aro thiram^rematurolcssof strenrth and ClN6t?JNATI. OHIO. £*g»!£5g?g""o*
memory, emissions, impotency.varlcocele and Standard Preparations la tho UsJMa StaKe"
C' Money Saving Specials.^
0 Groceries and Liquors.^
\ Steel Cut Oatmeal {
\ rSfZn™**-™ lb sack 2 8cJ
t>iially'0c4-',c. 0
BestjBakipg 4
0 Powder. ...pound can 35c^
A "3£o::ev beck" /)
i-,K!< Regular 46c- \
Ham pound i3^c^
«7 ' Eastern t-'t.tr" % brjmd. y
• V Xiid cure— sw-et. Beyular 15c. ±
Toniatoes s ££!r<s a
B«d. ripn fruit. . __ .. _ - rr \
j KejaVr 8 for 25s. 4 C311S 25C^
pound 5ci
Imported pa«te. Extra quality. \
Y R»«g:u!£.r Vjc lb. V
Cheese. ..pound 15^
A Eartera. For grating and cooking A
* ilpguiar 2ftc. w
Tea pound 35CJ
0 'Pnr^tM J«v»tcs— rery popu^r y
a a:!ioEg tn. crinker*. Rejrular 51c. x
a Yjt. Handv's Prunes ?
1 &££*** Pound 5c!
r Xing-alar 3 for 25c. V
Shrimp.. . can ioc£
J Packed dry— for picnics §
»nd lancbes. He^Jlar t tor £'6c. \
Jbnffyfs Malt Whiskey J
f For meciciruJ v.*n. U o ft] e 7 - c \
a EtF^rtlia. DOllie J^C\
/»5auterne Wine ..gallon 4oci
" I!«rrb«!nw»r*»— bright. Gtnocth
i Domestic Porter and Ale i
) fS£"r S^' d0ZeU $I '°°9
Tom Gin bottle Socj*
A ThomHou'*-- E:ijrli«b. RtrgiJar Jl.'O A
*7I5 Market St. S. F. Sbattoek At, f^rkeley^
Q i'h A'WfcLiirurton.Ofck Central ATe, Alamoda Q
\iO37 Broadway. ** ?£& Wood. Oak: \
0 O» Int Btr<-«t. Sau Jo**. . Q
*&. % <fc -^^•'<^'? ><^''^^''^^'^fc-'^k-^fc^THE out cf door season Is upon us,
ani the reports from the various
resorts show that the wealth a:;d
fashion of the town is enjoying it-
Beif at the seiiside, lakes or in the
mountains. Those who have coun
try homes are already occupying them
tLtiii making ample preparations for large
l-.ouse parties, which premise to be very
fashionable this yrar. As to the various
resorts, no one of them is more popular
than the other. In fact, it is the accepted
thing to srend some time at each and
every one of the out of town hotels. The
question this season seems to be not where
to go, but between how many places to
divide one's time.
They're Erjgaged
The engagement reception of Miss Irene
lesser ar.d Samuel M. Lipman will be
held Sunday. May 27. between 2 and 5
p. m.. at the residence of Mrs. R. Llp
rr.an, 1340 Ellis street.
The engagement reception of George H.
Myers and Miss Bertha Moser will be
held this Sunday. May 20, from 2 till 5
p. m,. at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
H. Mos.-r. l!?33 California street.
Mr. and Mrs. K. Cook announce the en
gagetnent ol their daughter Jennie to Ja
cob S. Meyer. At home SunOay. May 27,
irom 2 to 5 p. m.. at y:SA Jackson street.
Weddirjg B;H!s
Dr. Earl D. Eddy and MIfs Mabel James
were married in Reno, New. on Sunday.
May G.
The wedding of Miss Margaret Bowen
to Adam Rcberts took place Saturday
ovenlng. May If, at the home of the
bride's mother. S4 Holt avenue. Miss
Margaret J. Williams acted as brides
maid. David T. Eowen, brother of
the bride, was best man. The ceremony
was performed by the Rev. Moses Wil
liams of Oakland and witnessed by a
large assemblage of friends of the young
couple. The bride was beautifully attired
la white organdie. Mr. and Mrs. Roberts
will spend their honeymoon at Honolulu.
Miss Harriet M. LafTerty. daughter of
the late Captain John L. Laffcrty of this
city, wa* n.itrried In Denver April 25 at
high noon at St. Mark's Church to Os
wald Becker of Davenport. Iowa. The
wedding breakfast was served at the
Windsor Hotel, after which the couple
left for Colorado Springs. Miss Latterly
was accompanied to Denver by her sister.
Miss Grace I^afferty. Mr. and Mrs. A.
Becker, parents of the groom, came from
Davenport. Iowa, to witness the cere
mony. After the wedding tour Mr. and
Mrs. Becktr will reside at 2743 Downing
avenue. Denver.
A quiet wedding was celebrated at the
Wallace, bH Van Ness avenue. Wednes
day laj*t. Louis A- Schleslnger. son of Dr.
I-ouis Schlesingc-r of Chattanooga, Tenn..
and Rubie H. Prager, only daughter of
Louis Prager. merchant and mine owner
of Murray. Idaho, were the contracting
parties. Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger offici
ated. Only a few relatives and Intimate
friends were present. Immediately after
the ci-remony the newly married couple
l^ft for Chattanooga, which will be their
home.
Home Gatherings
The Misses Harris entertained a number
cf their friends on Friday evening, May
IS. at the'.r residence, 1011 Jackson street
The evening was most delightfully spent
Ly the following guests; Pauline Harris,
Miss Sarah Harris, Miss Flora Har
ris. Miss Annie Harris, Miss Etta
Karris, Miss Minnie Harris, Miss
Ltvi, Miss L. Echerrea, Mr. 'Weber,
Mr. Geveslc-nger, Mr. Gifney, Mr. Murry,
Mr. Lueile, Joe Connelly, Charles Roberts,
Charles Hamilton and Garfleld Johnson.
Alter a greater portion of the evening had
?•lapsed all were served with a repast,
foiiowed by a few select solos rendered
ly MIfs Flora and Miss Pauline Harris,
v. ho are talented vocalists.
On Wednesday evening. May 2, Dr. and
Mrs. Halprurier of 150i Pacific avenue,
Alameda, celebrated their twentieth an
niversary ("china wedding"'). The follow
ing gutsts were entertained by them with
vocal and instrumental music: Mr. and
Mrs. A. Anderson, Miss Amanda Iiarrall,
Miss Marie Harrall of Oakland, Mr. and
Mrs. Carl Erhenbergcr. Miss Bernicb
Echenbc-rirer, Mr. and Mrs. R. Winckel
manr; of J^an Francisco. Mrs. Ida Gard
ner. lint. K. Thomas. Mrs. J. J. Doyle of
San Francisco. Mrs. M. J. Chambers, Mrs.
G. F. Verbf-cke. Miss Maggie Bassett of
Fruitvale. Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Letham,
day evening. May 25. at 942 Sutter street,
between the hours of 8 and 11.
Hulda Jacobowsky will be confirmed on
the 3d cf June at the synagogue, corner
of Post and Taylor streets, and will re
ceive friends on that day from 2 to 5 p. in.,
at 517 Natoma street.
Sailed Away
The Alameda sailed on Thursday, May
17, carrying the following passengers: For
Honolulu— Miss Helen Alken, A. E. Arnold
and wife, Eugene Avery, Miss Eugenia
Becker, N. Bonville, Phil Branson and
wife. N. Campbell, J. C. Cohen and wife,
George Collins and wife, J. H. Davies, J.
II. Davis, George R. Ewart, Miss B. Fair
burn, Miss Katherine Florence, Miss Alice
Grev, Miss Fredericks. Miss Florence
Gladson. Mre. L. P. Goff, W. Goff, George
Greenswclg, Captain J. Hackett, MlK3
Hayes, C. Jagsaorf, Miss Myrtle Jones,
F. Kaufman, Mrs. A. H. Ladd, Miss Flor
ence Ladd, Miss Hattle Belle Ladd. I.
Lando, H. B. Leader. Mrs. S. W. Lederer,
F 1 . H. McCormlck, R. S. Moore, Miss R.
Naylor. Miss Laura Oakley, C. A. Parker,
L. E. Pinkham, William Robinson, Marie
Ro?a, Miss E. Rosenberg. Miss J. Sim
mons. R. J. Smlrh Captain A. L. Soule,
wife and infant; Mies Mabel Still, Miss V.
Texmith, John H. Uhlborn, Miss Mabel
Van Metre, William Wolff and wife and
Miss A. M. Zaufman. For Apia— Miss B.
Bartlett, Mrs. A. Burrows, Mrs. H. .John
son and child. For Auckland— H. B. Craw
ford. B. C. Hlnman, A. H. Patterson, L.
E. Rhodes, J. G. Trevithick and wife. Kor
Sydney — A. J. Barnes, Miss Ethel Bash
ford, Miss Gladls Bashford. Mrs. Walter
Benjamin. F. G. Brigham, J. E. Chinnery,
J. Coates, Miss K. Eagan, Miss A. L.
Lindsay. II. H. McBride. W. Sherer Jr..
Lieutenant Edmund Troost and wife, J.
M. Toohev, Miss J. Toohey.
The following from the Pacific Coast
sailed on the Hamburg-American Line
twin-screw express steamer Columbia
from New York May 17: Mr. and Mrs.
Adrien Loeb, Mr. and Mrs. Carl Walter,
Master Carl Walter, Mrs. G. von Glea:
lingen, H. Schnlpper, Henry A. Bartram.
M. HanBen, Mrs. Louise Schaffer, Miss
Margaret Schacht, Herman PflnErst, C.
Mebius, Mr. and Mrs. H. Landau, Herman
Landau, Miss May Landau, Mrs: Louisa
Leonhardt. Carl Leonhardt.
On the Hamburg- American Line steam
ship Graf Waldersee from New York May
19 the following sailed: Professor William
Carey Jones. Mrs. William Carey Jones,
Mlrs Alice B. Jones, Miss Frances Jones,
Miss Elsie Jones. Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Tre
herne. Miss L. D. Goldstein, Miss Celena
Goldstein. Ludwip Kiene, Gustav Klene,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Larsen.
Personals.
Miss Mollie Silvez of Hayes street has
gone to Bolinas for the summer. She is
accompanied by Miss Lillian Callahan of
San Jose.
Miss Bernardette Robinson has returned
from Colusa and has Miss Josephine Bor
defd as her guest.
Mrs. Mark Aronson and Mrs. Cyrllle
Aronson of New York are visiting Mrs.
Philip Aronson and will be pleased to see
their friends on Fridays at 1343 Geary
street.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Lafee have gone to Ben
Lomond for a two weeks' stay.
Mr. and Mrs. P. Livingston Dunn and
their daughter, Besslo, will leave this
week for a European tour.
Mrs. V. A. Vidy of Napa City has been
visiting Mrs. G. W. Saunders and Mrs.
H. M. Saunders of 734 Pine street.
Mr. and Mrs. Morris Benas will receive
their friends at 1142 Turk street the last
two Sundays In May.
Miss A. L. Stone of 221 Post street will
leave for Europe on June 15.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward H. Mitchell have
just returned from a trip to Southern
California. They were there several
weeks and visited all the places of Inter
est.
Mrs. B. Jacobs of 1615 Post street has
discontinued her day at home during the
summer months.
Mrs. C. J. Gardner of 203 Guerrero street
has gone to her summer residence In Mill
Valley and will discontinue her day at
home for the present.
At tbe Resorts
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Flitner have left
for New York. Prior to their departure
they gave a dinner at the Lick House
Mr. and Mrs. L. Gassner and family
have gone to Caliente Springs for a few
weeks.
SEIGLER : SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Selgler Springs during
the past week: Don J. McKay, Val R.
Bury, Thomas J. Brady. Charles E. Ar
nold. Frederick W. Reich, Thomas Me-
Grath. San Francisco; B. M. Newcomb,
Mrs. L. M. Farnham, Oat Hill; Mr. and
Mrs. George Thompson, Charles Kearney,
Rio Vista; Frank Noel. Shatter Mathews,
John Tremper, Charles Noel, Lower Lake.
PASO ROBLES— Registered at Paso Ro
bles are: J. B. Wolf, Charles Van Valken
berg, E. L. Loupe, A. M. Thomson, A.
Leigh. W. T. Anderson. J. H. Baxter A
F. Kellinger, Fred S. Cox, Fred R. Koenlff"
Jules Coblentz, F. H. Steinback, Joe
Schloss, J. B. Hicks, B. Ross, W. J. Bar
rett, P. F. Mertes. Mrs. and Miss Sachs
W. C. Pavey. C. M. Gregory, Warren M.
Payne, F. C. HotaHnR, M. V. McLean, W.
H. Harries, Nate Jacobs, L. Blumenthal
and wife, Oscar Hoffman, C. W Clark and
wife, H. Charles, Mrs. S. Blum. Mrs. A.
Hockhelmer, Miss Chase, M. J. Loftus,
James L. Frazler, R. L. Culverwell, San
Francipco; Mrs. C. L. Paul. Thomas P.
Winters and wife. Alameda; Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Laughlin^ Miss Laugh'.ln
Pittsburg, Pa.; H. Le Franc, Fred S. Tan
ner, San Jose; M. Jonas, M. W. Kales,
Oakland; M. Thomsen.W. D. Hoflns, Seat
tle; Mr. and Mrs. E. Mills, Mrs. J. B.
Blake. Miss M. Hall, Santa Cruz; J. G.
Tanner, Paul H. Blades and wife, Los An
geles.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— Registered at
Highland Springs are: Charles E, Arnold,
Miss K. Handley, Mre. W. F. Hopkins,
Thomas T. Chatfleld. Miss M. Battler, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Schmith, MIsb Stella Pe
trarche, James Hanson. W. Barford, J. T.
Bronthardt and wife, W. D. Cuttrell, J. J.
Madden, H. W. Baker Jr., Mrs. Adam
Grant, H. A. Williams and wife, Frank E.
Mighell, Mrs. Frank B. McEIroy, H. W.
Merritt, Sam 8. Green, Miss E. Rlckard,
Mrs. Thomas Pollard and child, C. Mack
intosh, Mrs. E. Stanley, Miss Garber, San
Francisco; Roy Edger, Los Angeles; W.
Lang. Oakland.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND— The fol
lowing San Francisco people are at the
Hotel Metropole. Santa Catallna Island:
Mrs. O S. Wentworth, Miss L. Schwarz
child. Miss Hazel Cushing. J. F. Bowie, J.
Lally. E. C. Keane, E. W. 8. Van Slyke.
Mrs. J. B. Schroeder, Miss Schroeder, Miss
Alice Brooks. L. W. Wells and wife, Wil
liam A. Day, Thomas E. Day. Mrs. H.
Waldeck.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS— The follow
ing guests registered at Paralso during
the past week: Emll C. Medau, A. T.
Patton, Mrs. M. J. Johnstone, Mrs.
Charles Wendel Hunt, J. MacManus, W.
R. Payne, W. Fahey, Miss Kate Jean,
A. Malatesta, Frank Taaffe. James C.
Dunphy, Miss Maude Adams, Mrs. Charles
Adams, A. C. Adams. C. R. Jackson.
Miss Mae Larkln, Josephine Williams,
Mrs. J. L. Dean, Miss Margaret Dean,
Miss Mary Wagner, J. H. Davis, B. Fran
cis Jacobs, Mrs. A. H. Johnson, Mrs.
Anna Kilday, J. B. Stevens, ¦ S. Ross
Peters, A. L. Morrison and wife, San
Francisco: Arthur Jackson and wife, Miss
Reba Jackson, E. B. Daly, Miss C. R.
Daly, Oakland: Miss Eva Evans, J. T.
Evans. E. R. Sherman, T. C. Edwards,
Mrs. Frank K. Stevens. Miss Theresa
Jackson, Berkeley: Mrs. 3. W. Laughlin
Moss Landing; J. H. Toft and family,
Soledad; T. C. Perrln, E. B. Cole, Miss
Anna Cole, San Jose; J. L. Brunetti. F.
Nelson, F. M. Collins. H. Prewltt. Klnes
City; w. H. Tuttle. J. R. Freeman. J. a
Tlllmann, Rev. A. J. Jacobs, Nevada City
LAUREL DELL— The following guests
registered at Laurel Dell during the past
week: C. "W. Keser, Joseph Rosenbur*
Dr. and Mrs. Hartland Law. Mr. and Mrs.
Gustav Behrnd, S. Abraham, Sam 8
Green, E. B. Rosenberger. A. Green, H
A. Turner, Leroy Nesbit, William J. Wee
penam. Andrew Wilkle Jr.' and wife, San
Francisco; Mrsi J. W. - Chandler, Miss
Helen Chandler*. Oakland: Mr. and 'Mrs
C. M- Alexander, Alameda: L. G. • Sim
mons, J. H. Smith, W. D. White. Mr. and
Mrs. SV. H. Miller and child. J. H. Cluck.
Mies H. L. Scott, Ukiah; D. Scudamore,
Miss Helen Latham of Oakland, Miss Ma
bel Nichols. Mrs. Halpiuner was the re
cipient of many beautilul presents.
On Tuesday i-vening. May S. Mr. and
Mrs. Peter ivupj>i j ii celebrated their silver
wedding anniversary at Saratoga Hall.
The parlors wert; beautifully decorated
for the occasion. One beautiful flower
1'iece with a very appropriate inscription
W2s received from Dr. aiui Mrs. Max
Magnus. At H o'clock Rev. J. Kuendeling
periormed tlie came ceremony that united
the haj;py couple twenty-five years ago.
Miss Tina Koppen, their daughter, made
a very sweet bridesmaid. They were sur
ruujidcd by their children and grandson.
The bride of twenty-live years looked
lovely In a silver gray dress, with silver
trimmings and a wreath of silver in her
ha!r. Miss Tina was dre.ssi'd In white.
At the close of the ceremony the singing
section of the Gtrmania Club reiidert-il a
few selections, and then T. Lutse. on be
halt of the pinging section, presented the
l>rlde and groom with a case of silver
tableware. The guests then adjourned to
the hall and danced until 11 o'clock, when
the bride and groom led the march to the
banquet hall, .where a bounteous rep^sx
was spread Cor one hundred and fifty-two
persons. George Hanerken acted as toast
master. During the supper the singing
.section entertained the guests with some
choice st-ieciions. Those present wire:
Mr. and Mrs. Peter K/ippen. Mr. and Mrs.
Adolph Koppen, Mr. and Mrs. George
P. Koppen, Miss Tina Koppen. George P.
Koppen Jr.. Mrs. Emma Koppen, Mr. ana
Mrs. H. Koppen, George J. Koppen,
George Ladigus. F. Ladigus, U. S. X..
Rev. and Mrs. J. Fuendoling. Dr. and Mrs.
Max Mapnus. Mrs. Ramra, Mrs. Miller,
Maxtor Miller, Mrs. Ring. Mr. and Mrs.
Koerner. Mr. and Mrs. Hanerken, Mr. and
Mrs Adolph Hromcida, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Bohls. Mr. and Mrs. II. Sternns.
Mr. p.nl Mrs. F. McHugs. Mr. and Mrs.
F. Behnman, Mrs. H. Behnman, Miss
FreundtT.burR.Fred Smooler. Mr. and Mrs.
F. l^ankenau. Claus Hraasch. Mr. and
Mrs. L!tple. Mr. and Mrs. Rotjens. Mr.
and Mrs. Martzolf. Mr. ar.d Mrs. W. H.
Springer, Mr. and Mrs. Muhl. Mr. and
Mrs. Gerkir.s. Mrs. M. Coller, Martin Col
ler Mrs Rkmc-rs, Miss Annie Fisher. Mr.
«7id Mrs. Norden. Mr. and Mrs. Kleen,
Mr. ar.d Mrs. Krofs. Miss Clara Llnder,
Mrs. Lyons. Mrs. Ring, Mr. and Mrs. vol.
Helms." Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Brown, Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Culver. Mrs. C. L. Cul
ver Julius Witt. Mr. and Mrs. Wehr, Mr.
and Mrs. Toloski. Mrs. M. Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Smith. Bernard Hamilton, Miss
M. Hiegle. Miss A. Hiegle. Mr. and Mrs.
Tolner, Mr. and Mrs. William E. Kimball.
Mis? Carrie Ramson, F. C. Smith. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Parish. Miss Grace Parish,
Lniiis Parish. Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Slemers,
Mr. and Mrs. W. Jamison, Master Mc-
Kinley and Baby Brown.
A very enjoyable birthday party was
given to'Emil McCartney at his residence,
144 Thirteenth avenue, Saturday evening,
May 12. Games, cakewalks and dances
¦were features of the entertainment. Re
freshments were served, after which there
was a cakewalk by Gladstone Cairns and
Irene Radovich. Am«">r.g those present
were Mr. and Mrs. McCartney, Mr. and
Mrs Chris*tenson. Edith Knox, Ida Knox.
Carmen Bradford. Evelyn Hackett. May
Gibson, Elsie Heinz, Irene Radovich,
Lydia Radovich, Gertrude Mehrtens,
Florence Levy. Hattle Fischer, Emil Mc-
Cartney Harry Christensen, H. Prost. Ed
Prost.'E. Fischer, Henry Levy, Floyd
Brown, W. Bolger, Charles Simmons,
Gladstone Calms. Gilbert Shearer, H.
O'Connor. A. Bowhay. H. Knopt.
An enjovable surprise party was given
by Mrs. H. Borneman in honor of the
twenty-first birthday of her son. Joseph
Mignola, on Saturday evening, May 5, at
his residence. 2G25A Sutter street. Among
those present were: Miss Florence Mey
er. Miss Theresa B!ack. Miss Marguerite
Cummings, Miss Maggie Hunter. Miss
Mollie Hunter, Miss Kittle McCarthy,
Miss Minnie Walsh. Miss Nellie Bradford,
Miss Julia Baxke. MIs.i Bertie Olson, Miss
Belle Holmes. Miss Dollie Anderson.
Mrs. F. Creed. Miss Delia Molloy, Miss
Sella Molloy, Mrs. John Hanna. Mr. and
Mrs. H. Borneman, Joseph Mignola, Fred
Roetger, Joseph Meagles. William. H.
Measles. Fred Grannis, George F. Mero,
Lewis Mignola. Fred Meyer. Albert Meyer,
Ph. Philipp, Richard Hamann, George
Tschirch, Albert von Mersburg, Joe A.
Masterson. Lawrence Masterson, Fred
Helbush, Herman Helbush, Henry Mig
nola. Harry Simpkin, Frank Johnson,
Harry Taylor. Tim Flinn. Louis Beider
mann, William Black, A. O. Eppler, F.
Mullany, Din Allen, Gus Jacobs, Bernard
J. Mignola.
Mr. and Mrs. William Alexander Lange
were guests of honor at a dinner given by
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lange. Covers
were laid for ten. The table was decor
ated in pink.
Outing Parties.
An enjoyable bus ride and private picnic
given at Willow Grove, Millbrae, Sunday,
May 13, was attended by the following:
Miss Sophie P. Dlssmeyer, Miss Rose
Stock, Miss Anna Burke, Miss Tessie
O'Connor. Miss Blanch Baillie, Miss Liz
zie Clease. Miss Minnie Gehring. Miss Ma
mie McCann, Miss Anna McCann, Miss
Maud Pearsons. Miss Jennie Simmons,
Samuel F. Johnson, Dan Farrell, Jay Cu
r.an, Charles Boyle, Thomas Dowling,
Thomas Curran, Harry Woods, Jack Mc-
Clellan. Edward Rans, Jack Wolff and
Fred Roderbeck.
The S. F. C. I. A. gave a delightful bus
ride to Morosco Valley, Contra Costa
County, on last Sunday. Among those in
the party were: Lillian O'Connor, Kittie
Kingston. Lottie O'Dea, Tessie Fox, Tess
Guinee, Nellie Stalton. Gertrude O'Brien,
Mae Burke, Lester Cogland, Will Coogan,
James Manning. Al Shepston, Harold
Waldon. John Keene, Joe Cameron and
Jack Murphy.
Club Parties.
On Tuesday evening, May 15, an Ice
cream social was given by the Young La
dles' Sodality of All Hallows' Church at
the South San Francisco Opera-house.
During the evening an impromptu musl
cale was rendered. Those who participated
were: Miss Rose Manning, violin solo, ac
companied by Miss Julia Manning; Miss
Nora Regan, vocal solo, accompanied by
Miss May O'Doul; F. Grilling, tenor solo,
and several others. The success of the
evening waa due to the energy of the fol
lowing officers of the society: Miss Irene
D. Manning, president: Miss Anastacia
Daly, vice president^ Miss Annie Ayres,
secretary; Miss Annie Godfrey, treasurer;
Miss Lillian Turner. Miss Camelia Gil
more. Miss Julia Regan and Miss M. Fla
herty, counselors; noor manager, Harry
Osborne; Miss Camelia Mae Gilmore and
Miss Annie Ayres, floor committee.
Union Square Hall wajs crowded last
Wednesday, May 1C. It was the annual
concert and ball of the Mandollnata Club.
The audience highly appreciated the pu
pils' recital and enjoyed dancing till mid
night.
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance of the Native Sons of Vermont was
held on Friday evening at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The following excellent programme
was presented: Overture, Dellepiane's or
chestra: recitation, "Kissing Cup's Race,"
Miss Mabel Theler. Song, "Spanish Sere
nade" (Burgmuller), Emalada Quartet
sopranos, Evelyn Dickey. Miss A. Denke;
altos. Lillian Copping and Ada Allen-Nor
ton. Soprano eolo, selected. Miss Millie
Flynn; cornet solo, selected. Thomas Va
lerga; barytone solo, selected, Harry W.
Thomas. Trio, selection— Miss Sadie C.
Rice, piano; Miss Elsie Hutton, violin;
William H. Rice Jr.. cornet. "My Turn
Next," a farce in one act by Thomas J.
Williams — characters: Lydia Traxicum
Twitters, Miss Hope Mosher; Cicely (her
niece), Miss Mabel E. Healey; Peggy
(Twitters' maidservant and housekeeper),
Miss Annie McDonald; Traxicum Twitters
«a village apothecary). Geller Amlraux-
Tom Trap (a commercial traveler),
Charles A- Wegener; Farmer Wheatear
(from Banbury). Edward Burrows; Tim
Bolus (Twitters' professional assistant),
Kenneth McLeod; ,
ln the Future
Mrs. John Lee, aided by the ladles of
Simpson Memorial Church, will receive
their friends at a high tea at 218 Devlsa
dero street, near Page street, Tuesday,
May 22. from 2 till 5 p.m.
The commencement exercises of Irving
Institute, class of 1900, will take place In
Golden Gate Hall on Thursday evening
May 24. at 8 o'clock.
The young ladles "of the Hoffmeyer
Academy, C. S., will be at home on Tuea-
Mrs. Green of Cincinnati, Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Smith, Mrs. A. Ellis, Mr. and
Mrs. G. W. Finney, Miss Paing, Miss Me-
Guinness, Mr. and Mrs. William Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. John A. Smith, Miss Winnie
Lesser and Mrs. J. O. Smith.
. Miss Katherine Sterns entertained at
luncheon on Saturday a few of her lit
tle friends. Those present were: Sallie
McFarland, Emeline Childs, Is'lna Jones,
Julie Pierce, Eva Green and Irene Ma
thus.
On Saturday a very pretty luncheon was
given by Miss Sara Taylor at the Califor
nia Club to celebrate the return of Miss
Helen Lewis from Racine. The colors
used In decorating were violet and gold.
The place cards were in the shape of vio
lets, tied with violet ribbons. The lights
were in yellow, shaded in violet. Those
who were present were: Mmes. Albert
Carlos Jones, Walter Barnwell, A. M.
Grigg, P. Booth, Godfrey Holterhoff, A.
N. Taylor, Kate Vosburg, A. C. Rogers,
A. H. Fixen, W. T. Lewis and Harry Rea
Callender. the Misses Agnes Knight. Ger
trude Goodirig, Xorah Sterry. Helen
Lewis. Mazle Mathers, Lucy Sinclalre,
Mattie Sinclalre, C. Field and Helen Vlck
crs *
The members of the University of
Southern California Mandolin, Guitar and
Banjo clubs were entertained on Wednes
day evening by Clare Cook Young at his
home on Alvarado street,. The evening
was very pleasantly spent In music and
dancing, elaborate refreshments being
served. Those present were: Dr. and
Mrs. Claire W. Murphy, H. L. Bogart,
Nannie Dillon, Delia Plumstead, Shirley
Jenkins, Marie Roesel,.Mrs. M. C. Wil
liamson, Mr. and Mrs. T. M. Young,
Misses Jenkins, Bessie Jenkins and Tefts,
Messrs. H. B. Winchester, Charles
Bunynge, C. E. Stanter. E. D. Hiller, B.
H. Haneman. C. C. Younge, W. R. Guiber
son, H. B. Tebbets, Harry Haneman and
C. R. Yerxa.
A very pleasant dancing party was
given on Friday evening by the Philo
lethea Club. A feature of the evening
very much enjoyed was the singing by
the Philolethea quartet, which consisted
of Messrs. Tatem, Powers, Young and
Gill. The club is comprised of the follow
ing members: J. S. Keel, president; S. P.
Young, vice president; F. Gill, recording
secretary; F. E. Goldlng, ' corresponding
secretary; A. S. Spellmeyer, treasurer;
R. H. Arnold, sergeant at arms; C. Coul
ter, Ray Farris, Elmer R. Farnsworth,
W. Artman, T. Crldland, J. Purcell. A.
Gosh. O. Shilling, J. Powers, Ed Klnney,
R. Podlech; C. C. Tatem, Henry Callahan,
H. Thorpe, II. Trlpp, H. Thomas, G. Le
Doux, E. Terry, Norman Robinson, A.
Snow, C. Reqtia and M. B. Bayless.
Mrs. B. A. Shemwell entertained at an
informal dinner on Friday evening at her
home on Orchard avenue. Her guests
wore: Mrs. Pipp of Chicago, Miss Mllner,
Mrs. Robinson, Messrs. Thome and Me-
Kiegan. The dining room was very pret
tily decorated in pink and white roses and
ribbons of satin. Miss Shemwell assisted
in receiving.
Saturday afternoon several members of
the Wellesley Club were entertained by
the president of the club. Mrs. Cowan, at
Echo Mountain. After visiting all places
of Interest in the mountains the guests
were served to a delicious luncheon by
Mrs. Elmer C. Satterly. Among those
present were: Missea Shields, Foster,
* rye, Lebus of Los Angeles and Mrs.
Cowan of Pasadena.
A few of the members of the Woman's
Press Club spent Tuesday at the Alpine
tavern. Refreshments were served under
the trees, after which a programme was
rendered. A very pleasant day was
spent.
On Friday evening:, at her home In
Grand avenue. Miss Effle Yancey enter
tained In honor of her friends. Miss Myra
Todd of Oxnard and Miss Lizzie Holden
of Santa Paula. The evening was pleas
antly spent in music and dancing. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Bert
Farmer, Mr. and Mrs. William Ham
bright, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Colby, Mr.
and Mrs. Le Compte Davis. Mrs. Yancey
and Mrs. Friedland, the Misses Holden.
Todd, Zuella Evans, Minnie Yancey, May
Fox, Odell Evans, and Messrs. Fred
Hambright, Arthur Wright. Terrell
Haugh, Benjamin Haugh and Fryman.
A very pleasant farewell party was
given by Miss Edna Leeser of South Hill
street on Friday evening in honor of Miss
Jennie Harvey of Chicago, who has been
spending the winter in Los Angeles. The
evening was pleasantly spent in music,
cards and dancing. Following were the
guests present: Mesdames Jesse Liddell,
R. B. Streeter, H. H. Herron, D. A. Pyle
and A. Burkhart; the Misses Ida Frank
ell, Maiestein, Rose Cohn, Leah Stein
hart, Winnie Leeser, Josephine Williams,
Hcadley, Etta Laux, Carry Levy, Blum
enthal, Morris. Grossman, Dora Kaulq.
vlsh, Iflle Stelnhart, Edna Leeser and
Wartenberg; Messrs. Adolph Frankell,
Lindell, Captain Woodworth, Dr. J. I.
Morris, Oscar Ebinger, M. Cohen, Ben
Frankell, D. Pyle, Dr. H. H. Herron. B.
Steinhart, Henry Levy, B. Behr, Sam
Levy, Relnhardt, Frankell, Lowenthal,
Kantrovitch, Charlie Blumenthal, A.
Burkhart, Frank MeGlnnis and Warten
burg.
Miss Margaret McKenny of Toronto.
Canada, was quietly married to Alfred
Bull of Vancouver at Plymouth Congre
gational Church. A few friends witnessed
the ceremony, which was performed by
the Rev. A. B. Brichard. The bride wore
a traveling gown and carried a large bou
quet of white roses. Mr. and Mrs. Bull
have gone to Santa Barbara for a short
stay, after which they will go to their
future home in Vancouver. .
On Tuesday Miss Kate Moultrle of Fres
no was married to William C. Beattie of
this city at the home of the groom's
mother on Bush street, the ceremony be
ing performed by the Rev. Reuel Dodd,
pastor of the Irvine Presbyterian Church.
The bride was very prettily gowned in
white organdie, trimmed with ribbons and
lace, and carrying a large bouquet of
white carnations and maiden hair ferns.
Mr. and Mrs. Beattie left for a short stay
In San Francisco, after which they will
be at home to their friends at 1627 Bush
street. Those witnessing the ceremony
were Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Braly, Mr. and
Mrs. A. H. Braly, Mr. and Mrs. L. W.
Moultrle, Mr. and Mrs. H. B. McKinney,
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Bundrem, Mrs. J. PI.
Waddlngham and Mr. and Mrs. R. F.
Beattie, the Misses Grace McKinney,
Louise Beattie, and Messrs. Chester Mil
lings. George Reardon. Harry McKinney
and Reynold Waddlngham.
On Tuesday evening, at their home on
West Thirteenth street, Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. Hall celebrated Mr. Hall's birthday
anniversary by giving a reception to a
few of their friends.
The evening was spent In music and
dancing.. The host and hostess were as
sisted in receiving by the Misses Bertha
Hall, Clara Howes, Addle Doran and
Flora Howes and Mmes. S. C. Hubbell, Z.
D. Mathus, S. S. Salisbury and A. L.
Danskln. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. G. Aubrey Davldaon, Mr.
and Mrs. Z. D. Mathus, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank P. Flint, Mrs. S. C. Hubbell. Mr.
and Mrs. J. W. Kemp. Mr. and Mrs. A. F.
Strong, Mr. and Mrs. L. W. Bllnn. Mr.
and Mrs. A. Miller. Mr. and Mrs. R. H.
Norton, Mr. and Mrs. G. D. Cadwalader,
Mr. and Mrs. C. H. White, Mmes. Win
ston, Stewart, Fullwood. Hlne. the Misses
Winston. • Snedeker, Hall, Howes, Flora
Howes, Miller, Emma Parsons, Ella
Barnes, Doran, Barnes and Messrs. Ash
ley, Parsons and Hall.
The marriage of Katherine Ringert of
Laramie, Wyo., to Lieutenant H. Lee
Cletwortny of Los Angeles has been an
nounced. Mr. and Mrs. Cletworthy will
reside in Baltimore.
Mrs. Pauline Ellean announces the en
gRgement of her daughter. Miss Jeanetto
Marcelle Ellean, to Harold Grant Simp
son, deputy of the Supreme Court of the
Los Angeles district. The wedding will
take place in June.
A party consisting of the Misses Made
line and Elizabeth Etchemedy. Antoinette
Larronde and Elizabeth Amestoy have
left for a trip through Europe, and expect
to return In November.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Salzer have gone to
New York, whence they will sail for
Europe. The Missea McGaughey will join
them. -
W. L. Hideout, A. H. Spurr, Lakeport:
Fred Hazelwood, Los Angeles; 8. W. Nel
son, Cloverdale; A. W. Turner, Petaluma;
J. . H. ¦ Price, Decoto.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests have registered- at Byron during
the past week: Mrs. G. Easton, A. Lagad
nous, J. L. Moore, Aruth Sutton, Mrs. A.
Enkle, J. B. Doran, Wade Doran, (ieorge
Van Bergen, R. I. McGray, John Sloan,
William K. Daingerrteld. Mrs. L. N. Da
vidson, John Buliwinkle, Mrs. J. Garwin,
Bernard Faymonville and wife, Henry
Martin. James M. Castello, Mrs. H. Gut
*ert, A. W. Johnson. Mrs. James Lucy,
M. Drobaz and wife, R. H. Follls, James
Mathenson. B. Arnhold, J. Brandenstein
and wife. Mrs. F. Habenicht, L. T. Van
Bergen, W. F. Van Bergen, M. D. Van
vales Mrs. Mose Meyer, Mrs. E. La For
est, Mrs. L. Gochan, I. R. Wilbur, J. C.
Edwards, S. A. Cohen, M. Meyer, J. H.
Seller, William Well and wife, J. W. Van
Bergen, D. Brady, J. C. Eubanks and
wife, M. W. O'Nell, I. Weber, Luke D.
Morgan, J. F. Carwln. Mrs. I. S. Belcher.
James Moiony and wife, Charles Johnson,
James O'Brien, Mrs. W. Browning, James
Paillson, G. C. Dreek, William F. McAles
ter, George Furuyn, John F. English. J.
Coughlan. J. W. Hamm, Miss Eva Herold,
E. A. Van Bergen. J. C. Er.ston Jr.. P.
Calan and wife, Mrs. A. A. Smith, C. C.
Bishop, Mrs. C. H. WIIboii.- San Fran
cisco; William G. Ashley, San Jose; A.
Langkilde. Oakland; J. W. Marsh. J. C. S.
Whalin, Sacramento; D. T. Baker, Berke
ley; B. F. Gould. W. J. Dtckey. Fresno;
John Clark, Mrs. Ida Lonjers, Mrs. L.
Brown, Stockton; R. D. Simpson, Mrs. R.
D. Simpson, Los Angeles; Colonel Thomas
Steven*,, Ogden; Miss H. S. Wager, Rome,
N. Y.: H. L. Field. Miss C. W Field,
Reno; Miss Rose Lieber. Miss M. Drake,
W, Jerslau, Brentwood; W. W. Belshaw,
V. Israle, Miss Eva Robinson, Ant'.och;
Allen Cooley, Mrs. Allen Cooley, Marys
ville; J. T. Sullivan, J. Taylor, S. M.
Speak. Bakersfleld: John Valentini, Sau
sallto: A. T. H11J, Mrs. A. Hill. Campbell;
1^. L. Ivory, Concord; M. Silva, J. Lewis.
Pleasanton.
GILROY SPRINGS- Registered at Gll
roy Springs are George Carlisle, B. Al.
Brown and wife, H. M. Wreden and wire.
Miss Vinnie Wreden, George A. Siebe. U.
Casey, Henry Wilson, YT. H. Cameron,
Julius Coblentz, S. M. Joi.es, Ed A. Chr s
tenson. J. G. Jenkins and wife and maid.
B. Kohler, Henry Wendt and wife.
Charles J. B. Metzler, Charles L. Metxler,
Peter Schilling, Joseph J. Bliss J. Jack
son and family, A. F. Longville, H. W. Bur
mester. Julius Urnhalt. W. Irwin, James
Brady. Warren R. Payne. Mrs. Kawalski,
S. L. Atkins. O. Gundersen. L. Parker.
San Francisco; W. Evans Dent, James
Treadwell, M. Schlentz, W. S. Meng, J.
K. Smith, F. M. Carr, Miss Anna Fruh
llng, Miss L, Falch. Mrs. C. F. Roche.
San Jose; T. B. Nell, Thomas Holly, H.
Lincoln. J. W. Schneider, Oristimba; C.
W. Carle and family. T. Dujong. B. F.
Porter, Mr. Falrweathcr and son, K. Mac-
Cherry, Oregon; James B. Eng. Ed C.
Koenlg. Mn>. Kenny, Sacramento; Miss
Metha B. E. Peterson. Miss J. G. Walker,
Vallejo; James E. Kannely. Joseph Prince
valle and wife. W. H. Smith, airs. W. A.
Paine and child. Gilroy; Mrs. Captain C.
Cook, K. Schimmelpfennlg and maid,
Miss Kate Gardener Mrs. V. C. Gardener
and maid. M. W. Hollary and wife. New
York; Mrs. A. R. Wilson. James Grenville,
C. B. Crane and wife. Boston.
BARTLETT SPRINGS— The following
guests registered at Bartlett Springs dur
ing the past week: Father P. R. Lynch,
Paul Ridley, L. B. Anderson, D. M. Mo
ran, W. H. Wolf, George A. Webster,
Charles Shephard. San Francisco; F. B.
Hair, L. Burns, Sacramento; A. Wheat
ley, E. Horn. Los Angeles; John Rice.
Willows: Joseph Openshau Phoites and
wife, Alameda; Henry Carter. Eabert Hu
berd. Pearl Huberd. Potter Valley; Mrs.
John S. Reed, Ukiali; Charles Kahler,
Oakland.
THE GEYSERS— Arrivals at the Gey
sers during the week past include: O. H.
Reese, Josephine Conne. Belle Conne.
Mead Smith. George J. Reading and wife
Santa Rosa; Miss Camille Probert, H.
Hass, Mrs. A. Haas. A. J. Gurnett and
wife, Edward Pierce. Oakland: M. H.
Ellis, J. Pobono, San Kranrlsco; Mrs. Re
becca Maxwell, Auburn, Me.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS— The following
is a list of the arrivals at Napa Soda
Springs for two weeks ending May 15:
Mrs. L. Carey, T. McGovern, Mrs. A. J.
Stevens. Miss M. E. Doane, John Harper
A. B. Spreckels, Theo Holzhausen, W. D.
Mitchell, E. E. Washbum, J. S. Sharp.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Brandt, Charles E. Ar
nold, Captain and Mrs. Pillsbury. Mr. and
Mrs. A. Fodera, W. L. Meouni. Mr. and
Mrs. M. W. Sosenshine, Mr. and Mrs.
Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Stanford, C. O.
Johnson, B. J. Bluson, S. F. Green, Mr.
Mecum. H. Page, Ellen B. Page, A.
Scahananlnl, Misses . Matilano, Colonel J.
P. Jackson, George H. T. Jackson and
family. C. H. Jackson. Mrs. F. Lippitt, O.
W. Lynch, Mr. and Mrs. John Burkman,
San Francisco; William J. Irwin, Mr. and
Mrs. Hatch, Honolulu; W. F. Sargent and
wife, Portland, Or.; Mr. and Mrs. Wicker
sham, Petaluma; H. Grigsby, J. Minstrell,
Miss Walters, Captain Parsons, Mrs. W,
A. Means and son, H. Amstutz, D.
Schwarz, G. G. Pinkham, Misses Meyer,
E. Mathews. 11. Amelune, George Secord,
Dave Dunlap, Ben Braashaw, John T.
York, Charles Hargrave, N. H. Wulff, Abe
Strauss, William Voigt, S. H. MIelenz.
Misses Tasche. H. Lancaster, Mr. and
Mrs. F. W. Bush, R. W. McNight, L.
Horn, Laura Stone, Miss L. H. Trow
bridge, Belle Newman, Mr. and Mrs. T.
Thompson, J. B. Meynard, Sam Dibble,
Jim Raney. Robert J. Little, Napa; Dr.
and Mrs. H. E. Sanderson, Stockton: C. A.
Copeland. C. A. Dunlway, Stanford Uni
versity; J. F. Curtis and wife, Mrs. J. G.
Brown, Minnesota; H. B. Belden, B. H.
Bernays, D. E. Bernays. P. S. Bernays,
Oakland; Mrs. D. L. Goodsell, Harvard,
111 • C. M. Baldwin, Sulsun; A. L. Vitelle.
A J. Larson, M. C. Chapman, St. Helena;
H. E. Bennett, Boulder, Colo.; Commodore
and Mme. P. de Lemastheffsky, Mr. and
Mrs. L. F. Brenner. Mrs. H. Mltan. George
A Carrere, Sacramento; Miss E. D. Smith,
Ohio.
Los flngeles
The younger set in society has organized
a club, giving their first series of dancing
on Friday evening at the Woman's Club
house, on Figueroa street The patron
esses are: Mesdames Sheldon Borden,
Oliver Posey, Arthur Waters. William
Hunsaker, Adam Darling, Leslie Clark,
William Burk, Clinton N. Sterry, E. P.
Clarke, Dan McFarland and Richard
Mercer. The members of the assembly
are: Louise Burks, Ladye Douglas, Azu
ba Hlggins, Bertha Pollard, Mary Dar
ling. Stella Sanford, Daisy Cross, Eliza
Bonsall, Katherine Kemper. Lucy Clarke,
Adelaide Brown, Lillian Carleton, Nora
Sterry, Louise McFarland, Virginia Dry
den, Mary Hunsaker. Laura Marks, Ethel
Marks, Helen Booth, Gertrude Mason,
Nellie Clarke. Inez Clarke, Susie Howard,
Grace Mellus, Mazle Mathus, Mabel Garn
sey. Florence Silent. Irene Stevens. Juliet
Carvell, Bernlce Newlin, Lila Simons,
Mary Babcock. Miss Hughes, and Messrs.
Allen Brown. Ralph Day, Karl Klokke,
Calvan Green, Fred Permentler, Otto
Brotbeck, Fowler Shankland, Earl Cowan.
Clarence Ferguson, L. R. Garnett, Henry
McCoy. Russel Taylor, Earl Lewis, Car
roll Allen. Will Denis, Bruce Rowan, Dan
McFarland, C. H. Ball, Wlnthrop Black
son, F. N. Bugbee, Volney Howard, A.
W. Phelps. Harry Anderson, Warren
Brazelton. Don Carleton, Glover Widney,
Charlbs Ensign, Donald Fisher, Charles
Seyler, Ernest Williams. Harry Holllblrd,
Harry Wood. Dan Laubershelmer, Drake
and Purcell.
A very delightful ride to Al Workman's
ranch, which 1b a few miles out on the
San Fernando road, took place on Satur
day. The day was spent In shooting, a
trap already having been arranged. The
best rifle shots proved to be Dr. Doo
llttle and Miss- Thomas, while Dave
Llewllyn and J. Cook won equal honors
at the clay pigeon shooting. The mem
bers of the party were: Mr. and Mrs. Ed
win Walker, Mr. and Mrs. Garner Cur
ran. Mr. and Mrs. J. Cook, Mr. and Mrs.
W. Cook, Mrs. B. M. Nettleton, Misses
Amy Cordor of Oakland, Miss Thomas
Martin, Resse Llewllyn, Dave Llewllyn,
Cook and Violet Cook; Messrs. Harry
Martin. Resse Llewllyn, Dave Llewellyn,
William Llewllyn, Richard Nettleton,
Mr. Wright of Oklahoma, Will Workman
and Dr. Doollttle.
On Friday evening the Rev. Joseph
Wild, D. D., pastor of Plymouth Congre
gational Church, gave to the friends of
his congregation the third annual recep
tion. Mrs. M. M. James took charge of
the decorating of the large auditorium,
the fruit and punch tables being presided
over by Mrs. Johnson, assisted by Helen
Lacy. Miss Hunter. Miss Hanna, Blanche
McCormlck, Mrs. Mahouse, Mrs. Masher.
Corlta Loftus, Edith JOearborn and
Marian Wilson. Those who assisted Dr.
Wild In receiving were: Deacon and Mrs.
Burrows. Deacon and Mrs. White. Mmes.
J. ¦ M. Johnson, W. B. Mosher, Robert
McKinney, Byron Lattln , and Frank
Newhart. Mrs. D. , R. McKm of Chicago
gave several pleasant humorous read
ings. Music was furnished by the Vene
tian Ladies' Orchestra. = ; \
On Thursday evening : Miss NelHe Bills
was married at th« home of her mother.
In West Seventh street, to John Arthur
Smith, the Rev. George Taylor of the
Memorial Church of South Pasadena offi
ciating- After . the honeymoon Mr. and
Mrs.- Smith will v be -•¦ at home ' to their
friends at 1219 West Sixth street. Among
those present were: Rev. and Mrs. George
Taylor of Sftuth Pasadena, Mr. and Mrs.
B. Fardo of South Pasadena Mr. and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
26
SOCIETY
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
butldln*. 1170 Market at., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29. with the electric iwfdlt without pain or
•car. Permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The rreatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles by makln« the skin Una.
It renders the Bkln soft, '
emoott), clear, white andi -"SftcNfafc.
youthful. It Is a liquid.} «g?^\i.2Si
Any cream of the con-'
¦Utency of butter will '
stimulate the jtrowth of (g*ifZ&A ¦^.VSjgl
hdlr on the face. Brah- 1 }^W^rSi^^
man Toilet Cream Is > jl/vS
guamntesd not to do so. if^iw* *rw5"^%
Price 60c. Brahman Tooth 3?£?\»
Powder 60e. AH drucsUU .n^#**V«£*4«-V
and at offlc* of A. ¦ W .l£f1*dtt%£tt°f\.'7!
TRAVERSE. M. - D. * ***-<— ACJ
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U.S. NAVY YARD AMD YALLEJoT
/ Steamer "Mcntlcollo."
MON., Tues. Wed., Thurs. and : Sat., at 9 •«
a. m.; S:l&. .8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10: SO a. m., g
p. m. Landlntr and office. MUslon-etreet Dock
Pier No. 2. • Telephone Main 1308.
FARE) ................................. .\.B0o
OCEAN TBAVEL.
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dieoatch tbe Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 tons burden)
F. WARREN. Master.
— FOB —
BIB i w 'b' ¦ ¦ B &3 BIB
Via Seattle, on or about
MAY 23, 1900.
The paatengers' accommodations hare b#en
made with a view to tbelr health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. Any person con-
nected with Mr. I^ane and going north In his
employ will call at once room 8. 22 Market
et., and Inquire about passage and freight.
Will Have Experienced Ice Pilots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prompt landing at their
destination.
For pannage, freight, cold stcrag* or informa-
tion apply at once to *
J. J. HAV1SIDE, 22 Market, Rm. 6.
Or to Purser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
Alaska
Commercial Company
Will Dispatch From San Francisco Direct for
— ant>-
St. Michael
THE FIRST-CLASS
S. S. SAN JOSE
SAILING
SATURDAY, JUNE 2d,
AT 2 P. M.
FOR RATES APPLT TO '. -¦--"
ALASKA
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
310 SANSOME STREET.
fe\ Valencia
Cape Nome
SAN FRANCISCO MAY 26
SEATTLE MAY 31
SECOND TRIP.
LEAVES SEATTLE. .JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For paasengcr and freight rate* apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
80 California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
CARE NOME!
A few First and Second Class Tickets left on
the. Ocean Liner "VICTORIA." 3502 registered
tons, for CAPE NOME, at OTTINGER'8
TICKET OFFICE. CM Market street.
NOME !
SCHOONER JULIA E. WHALEJ.
(At Howard S).
WILL BAIL ABOUT MAT S3.
. E°r.. frel?ht and Passage apply on board or
2 California aU. or at «"»»_ (is Third at.
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
Has brought back the beau'y and luxuriance
of youthiul, Healthy Hair to ihou3ands. It
stimulates the hair roots into taking up their
duty of giving life and color to the hair.
Is not a die Do;s not soil hands.
SI a boHe at ail druggists.
On« replication FREE to All Purchasers
at My Parlor*.
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
MAKES FACIAL BEAUTY
Possible to the plainest lea:ured lady Wrin-
kles and a dry, faded skin — all the marks of
care, worry and illness — speedily replaced by
a clear, ro?y complexion. 75 cents a jar.
FQZZ A trial pot of tbe CREME free to
tiLL ladle* tending tt>ls ad. end 10c In
itemps. fi\so book ot instructions and a
box of njy Face Powder FKEE.
Sftffi" SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
THE ELECTRIC NEEDLE
In SKIIifu! Hands — f!s Operated
at My Dernjatolosical Parlors-
Warts. Freckles Mcles. Pimples and all
Fac T al Blemishes Scientifically Treated and
permanently ccrrecUd* under my personal
supervision at my parlors.
mrs. nettie" Harrison,
Dermatologist,
78 GEA2Y STS2BT, Sm Pr&aasoa.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leav* Broadway
>^ wharf. San Francisco:
Vv^w^^ For Alaakaa ports — 11 a. m..
IfrV'jSvSSv May 21. K. 31. June 5. Chajlc*
tSfr'^V^jili tO com P an 3 r ' s steamer* at
fe^KiS wi For Victoria. Vancouver (H.
£j»S>V-<^ J '*l C> - port Towrmend. Seattle.
Tacoma. ETerett. Anacortrs
u and New Whatcom (Wtih. >—
11 a. m.. May 21. 28. 81. Jan*
5. and every fifth day th*r*after: change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to U. P. Ry.: at
Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 10 a. m.. May
19. 23. 23. June 2, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Ean Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (Pan Luts Oblspo). Oaviota.
Far.ta Barbara. Ventura. Huenem*. San Pedro.
East San Pedro <Ix>s Anj?ele»> and Newport—
9 a. m.. May 13. 23. 27. 31. June 4. »nd every
fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Dleso. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohlapo). Santa Barbara, Port
LiOa Ange'.es and Redondo d.m An»»lcii — 11 a,
m.. May IT. 21. 23. 23. June 2. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Marrtalena Bay. San Jose dfl
Calio. Mazatlan. Altata. T-a Pax. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to ehanr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sallln*
without previous notice.
TICKET OPP»OE-4 New Montgomery
street fPalaee Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Airents.
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
THEO. R. &N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth
rHnu $3 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 23. June 3
COLUMBIA SAILS May 13. 2S. June 1
Short line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane. Butt".
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£0 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL. DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR
The Well-Kno-wn "Alaska Flyer" and Mwt
Populsj Boat In the Alaska Service,
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
Positively Sallln*
WEDNESDAY MAT 30th.
From Steuart-street Wharf at 3 p. m.
«. z^aI/anom
(Passengers Please Take Vote.) Sails from
PACTFIC-ST. DOCK. PIER 7
MONDAY. MAY 21st at 3 p. m.'SHARP
Parcel Express to all points. For
freight and passenKer rate* apply of flc»
The ALASKA EXPLORATION CO., 139 Post St.
AMERICAN LINE.
WZ V T03K. SOCTHAXPTO.M. L0KS09. PASISL
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis May23fSt. Louis June' it
New York May 30) New York June r>
St. Paul June «, St. Paul Jun* 27
RED STA>{ LINE.
New Yor^ and Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, 11 noon.
Westernland ...May 23| Frlesland Jun« 11
Kensington May 3W Southwark June 2i>
Noordland June «l Westernlan* ...June XI
tMPI?U LINi.
8. S. "OHIO," from Seattle to Nome, and St.
Michael May 24th. Subsequent sailings from
Seattl« to Nome. St- Michael and Yukon RlTer
Points. June 30. July 31. August 30. For rate*
and other Information apcly to
EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
30 Montgomery Street.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carzo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, May 13th. isna
SS. HONGKONO MARU
.,; Thursday. June 14th.*l90O
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July loth loco
" Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates For
freight and passage apply at company's offl~*«
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COMPAOim CEHEBALETBINJATLAHTIQUEL
DIBECT UNE TO HAVRE-PARIS
Sallicg every Thursday instead of
Saturday, from November 2 1399 at
10 a- m. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. L'AQUITAINE. May 24- LA TOU-
y£»£B. t *tor «• LA BRETAGNE? VnY 7: LA
$«0 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre US; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL aofvct
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA^ 5
£ ? OAZi y *^o d8 °5 bu " di J?R>- Nf* Tork - J - p -
FLOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents S Mont-
gomery avenue. Saa Francisco. J»om-
0CEANTC S. S. CO.-HOXOI.UI.TT apt*
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
• - Wedneada3«» Mar 30 ison »" ¦>>_•
8. S MARIPOSA (via Honofulu) to New £a^"
land, tad Austrftlla....w e(J ., June 13. 5 p. ia.
Pit 7. Poot Pacifcc St Frei c ht cfiice.32? Marxist
.iaUoila«N 9 il\l OCTA.VIA .7000 Tortil
:llVUliIVU 4.11 li, LUXUR ...esoOToaai
-S — S3R.AFI3 .40OO Ton*!
Moa«Uly Ml'.lnc for Valparaiso and Himtrarj *
"* J*a*leaa por:s. Central, Soutix America, etc j
8.8. Lnxor, 8800 tons, tails about June S !
l.». HPRKrxKt:H* nnfy.^ro.. «i«t.. tit Xwin.— ,J
Mw>»7->r.lT»tUaU..lST.Hl>tBl.8«» HrlZZL^M
ATJVEBTISEMSUTS.
I DRY GOODS COmPANY. <
I SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS IN OUR |
[CURTAIN DEP'T.i
I 200 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in Battenberg and <
| Arabian designs, at $K75 Pair* i
I 225 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in rich real lace §
I effects, at $2.25 Pair $
8 125 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, all new patterns, g
§ at 65.OO Pair jjjj
I 175 pairs IRISH POINT CURTAINS, in handsome Rennais- |
S sance designs, at. . .t 66.00 Pair S
I NEW TAPESTRY PORTIERES, in Oriental designs, at I
« S-4.50 Pair |
§ Broken Lots of Lace Curtains and Portieres to Be Sold at Hail Price. |
3 ILL CURTAINS AND P0BTIS2E3 BUSS FREE 07 CHASOX. %
tt *~~ 43
' « COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. |
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, I
vi SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoboo. o
ft . UNION SQUARB. gThe Eastern Star.
Beu'ah Chapter had an enjoyable at
home at its hail at Fifteenth and Railroad
avenues last Monday night, when there
tvas presented an entertaining programme
cf vocal and instrumental music, after
which light refreshments were served.
Those at homes Riven monthly are doing
much to make the chapter room an en
joyable place to visit. Among the visitors
u« j re: Mrs. Carrie Anthony, Mrs. J. B,
I'crkins, Mrs. Emma Carter. Miss May
Carter. Mrs. I6ah M. Jones, Mrs. Theresa
Fredericks. Mrs. Fannie Shumacher. Mrs.
A. It. Campbell, Mrs. Bertha MacRett,
Mrs. M. Walters, Mrs. M. H. Lewis, Mrs.
Fannie H. Owens Mrs. M. E. Baxter and
Mrs. G. Marvin of Eureka, Miss Mellisa
Ci. McConkey. Mrs. Margaret Volkman.
Krnest K.. Head and H. M. Owens.
Berkeley Chapter on the 15th inst re
ceived six petitions and had its first work
in initiation, admitting four candidates.
There wwe present the grand patron and
other ofilcers, who complimented the offi
cers on the excellence of their work.
The Odd Fellows.
Report* from different parts of the
State eho~vr a reasonable Increase In. the
encampment branch of the order.
The new camp at Hanford will bo in-
Etituted in about two weeks.
Tho finance committee of the Golden
Jubilee Celebration at Its anal meeting
voted a set of handsomely engrossed and
framed resolutions to II. B. Jones of Cali
fornia Lodge, who was the president of
the executime committee, in recognition
oi the services be rendered In m&kingr the
celebration a success. The resolutions
were presented to him last week, G. H.
Morrison. P. G. M. of the jurisdiction of
Nevada making the presentation speech.
The district meeting In which Sargent^
Golden Gate, Fidelity, Occidental and
Spartan lodges took part recently wa* &
very Interesting event. Spartan Lodge,
of which George W. Monteith is the noble
grand, was the hoet- There was an ex
cellent programme of entertainment and
then a collation and light refreshments
were served.
The Bebekahs.
Welcome Hall in the Odd Fellows' build-
Ing was crowded last Monday ni&ht on the
occasion cf the entertainment and dance
given by Loyal Rebekah Lodge. It was
one of tho»>i pleasant gatherings at which
tbera is a great dcai of enjoyment which
have given this lodge an enviable reputa
tion as entertainer*. Dr. ByrpaL,. Miller,
treasurer of the Grand Lodge of the 1. O.
<J. K. of Oregon, was a visitor, and aur
:i.g the evening delivered an interesting
autirees. Tiie teatures of the programme
were a duet by Mesdames Daniels and
L'l.geibright, recitation by Miss Ida.
Bnence. vocal solos by Mies Ferrier and
Oeorge Gajis. Then followed u. dance till
U Las 'week Brooklyn Lodge of East Oak
land entertained the president, vice presi
dent and other oiiicers of the State As
eeinbiy. also twenty-live members of Cal
itotr.:a Lodge, anu after the initiation of
several candidates thera was an excellent
bj&BQUOC
The party that was given by Amity
L*^dge recently tvas oa*> cf the most enjoy
feble that this lodge has ever elven. Tho
at'.encei-oe was iarge and the programme
;Teseii:ed fcr the entertainment of the
many who were present was a very cred
itable one. Tiiere was a vocal solo by
Mrs Faanie lgo, vocaj duet by the Fritz
brothers, violin solo by Miss Bloom, reci
tation by Mies Martin, vocal duet by
Messra. Jcr.es and Minister, vocal solo by
M. McGeorge and vocal selections by
Robert Burns, hie daughter beinp the ac
companist. Then followed dancing. The
very jjieasani function was under the dl
rioctioa cf C. E. Morey, MrB. Ludlow and
Mrs. Hudson.
The exemplification of the work of ini
tiation, repeated by request for the bene
fit cf those delegates to the California As
tenibly who did not witness it when first
given by Templar Lodge, was witnessed
en the i.ight of the lith Inst. by as many
&s could nnd room in Memorial Hall. 1.
O O. F. building. Two candidates were
Initiated— M. Magruder and Miss Henln
£t-T—iu a manner that elicited the warm
est commendation for tne officers of
Templar. There were present State Pres
ident Mrs. C A. Iloxett, Vice President
Mrs. Fanr.ie Mitchell. Secretary Mrs.
I>onono, Treasurer Mrs. Lelsse, Past
Grand Masters Davis Louderback and
A:;derson. Deputy Grand Master Nichoils
and many visitors. Each of the officers
named delivered an address, after which
s-jpper was served in an adjoining halL
The Elks.
San FranciEco Lodge has arranged for
eh Elks' social on the night of the 2Gth
inst. It is also arranging for a ladles'
night in June. The lodge has reached its
*£>' limit in membership and hereafter the
i-.liia.tion fee will be $50. The funds of
this lodge have increased $2000 during the
pa.'t Klk year.
oaklaiid L*x3ge will rive a bullshead
breakfast In the San Lorenzo Grove on
the 27th lnsu Handsome Hannifin will be
the caterer and master of ceremonies. At
a r< cent meeting this lodge was the re
cipient cf a tine silver charity box from
San Francisco Lodge.
Vallejo Lode* reports that It Initiated
fifteen strangers at its last held meeting
biA that "nearly all cf the citizens of
Vallejo want to become Elks."
Down in Los Ar.geles during the fair by
the lodge of that city all visiting Elks
were asked to purchase, and those who
refused were placed in a specially provid
ed jail. The bail was anything from a
fca'.f dollar to $2 50.
Stockton Lodge of Elks Is In a most
flourishing condition. The members take
a keen interest In its welfare and the
rneetlrgs are marked by lively, spirited
debates. The large attendance at each
meeting is most gratifying to the officers
and the earnestness and enthusiasm of
the membership on all occasions are evi
dences of a healthful condition. Next
Tuesday the ai:i)ers will be fitted on three
candidates from Modesto in the new hall.
Since the recent very successful ladies'
night the "Best People on Earth" have
been the favorable talk of Stockton.
The Druids.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Laet Sunday the membership of Sacra
mento Grove No. 12 celebrated the first
anniversary of its institution by a pa
rade, and a festival in East Park. Among
the distinguished guests were Noble
Grand Arch J. F. Martinoni, Grand Sec
retary Graves and Past Noble Grand
Arches Cavagnaro and Devoto. The visi
tors were niet by a delegation with car
riages at the depot and escorted to the
Slate House. There were about one hun
dred Druids In line. At the park there
was a good time for all. The visitors
named were each called upon to make
t-hcrt addresses.
El Dorado Council No. 12 had a very
enjoyable apron and necktie party in
Washington Square Hall last W ednesday
riKht which was conducted under the di
rection of the committee consisting of
M!«s Bessie Kabbrl. Mrs. J. S. Goaeau,
kin J F Martinoni, Mias Rigoletto, Miss
Ecalmanird and Miss Adaude with C. De
monti as floor manager. After the in
stallation of the officers of this circle last
¦week Sirs. Godeau, P. A. D.. and Mrs.
Xbor.lott were each presented a handsome
badge in recognition of services to the
circle. This subordinate, but a year and a
half old has one hundred members and
tlfOO to its credit In bank.
Olympla Grove has secured a building
to place on Its lot In the Mission district,
the same to be converted into a Druldlo
Temple. This ktovb has elected two can
didates. *
The picnlo given by Templar Grove at
Buera Vista Park last Sunday was well
attended and proved very enjoyable.
Last Thursday Grand Secretary Graves
and L. A. Wolf of this city, in company
with Frank Lewis. P. N. G. A., of Pleas
tmton visited Haywaids Grove. • where
five candidates received the first degree.
Several candidates received the scond and
third degrees. •
George It. Stein of Yosemite Tribe will
ehortly leave for Santa Rosa to Institute
& tribe there, to^be composed of his old
college mates. He will also lay the found
ation for a. council of the Degree of Po
cahontas.
yosemite Tribe will give a reception to
members of the order on the 2^d Inst.
liteLZing Arrow Tribe was Instituted last
Wednesday night In this city by F. D.
Brandon. G. S. S.. assisted by teams of
Moctezuma, Altahmos and Bald Eagle
tribes with fifty charter members. George
W Phelps 1» the eachem and F. Breit
wi'scn chief of records. J. H. HutalT has
been appointed deputy for this tribe, and
a pood ono ho Is.
The father of Grand Sachem Wilson
died In Sacramento last Monday, after a
tiroloRged Illness.
v a j^ Weldon of Skooktimchuck Is or
canlzln'c a tribe at Blue Lakes, Huxnboldt
Hiawatha Tribe of Rivenrfd. wiw
awarded the first prize for it* float in the
Rlveneldo aHr»>*rt falft A. r«mlt of this.
display has been the placing of twenty
applications with* the tribe.
Great Pocahontas Annie E. Gill and
Great Wenonah Jennie Welsel are mak
ing official visitations and report the de
greo of Pocahontas in good condidtlon.
1 ho first "annual ball given by Coahuilla
Tribe of San Bernardino was a large and
enjoyable function. The grand march In
the tastefully decorated hall was led by
Mr. and Mrs. Al McKea.
Oneida Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas will be instituted on the night of
the 30th of the current month. All the
great chiefs will be In attendance at the
institution. Among those who have eign
ed the charter roll are E. Lastreto, A. C.
Berthlcr, L. C. Bertln. George H. Stein
and Judge E. P. Mogan.
Ancient Order of Workmen.
Mrs. Kathleen Bain has been Installed
as the chief of honor of the new council
of the Degree of Honor that was insti
tuted a few evenings since. Mrs. Mar
garet Bain is the recorder And Mrs. C. T.
tSpencer, wife of the grand recorder of the
A. O. U. W., was Insulted as past chief
of honor.
Last Tuesday Silver Spray Lodge, D. of
H.. at its meeting had candidates Initiated
and at the same time several candidates
were initiated for Forget-me-not Lodge.
There were present Past Grand Master
Workman Barnes, Grand Recorder Spen
cer, Grand Receiver Booth and other
prominent members of th© order.
The extension committee is actively at
work again and making visits to the local
lodges. Smokers have been arranged as
follows: Fairmount, next Tuesday; Lib
erty Lodge on the 29th, and Valley Lodge
on tie SOtn.
Garfield Corps.
On the afternoon of the 8th Inst the
members of James A. Garfield Corps, W.
R. C, gave a luncheon to Nellie A. Hen
drickson, the secretary of the corps,
prior to her departure for Colfax. The
tables were decorated with choice flowers.
Several floral pieces, together with a
cake, on which was Inscribed "Our Nel
lie." were presented, after which Presi
dent Mrs. Dora H. Wilkins presented the
secretary a handsome parasol and an au
tograph album. the gift of tiie
corps, in which Is the signature
of each member. The f olio winr named
made up the party: Dora H. Wilkins,
president; Sarah H. Wilson, senior vice
president; Mary V. Van Horn, Junior vice
president; Nellie A. Hendrickson, secre
tary; Caroline Dibblee, treasurer; M. O.
Valkenberge. chaplain; Tiny McGo wan,
conductor; M. A. O'Brien, assistant con
ductor; Adelline Ehle, assistant guard;
Amanda von Linderman, organist; Mar
garet J- Jones. Kate M. Brown, Ida M.
Brown, Ellen A. Albln, Catherine Gil
berts.
Lincoln Belief Corps.
Lincoln Relief Corps No.' 3. W. R. C.
held an Informal reception last Thursday
night In Ub hall to srroet the officers and
members who attended the G. A. R. En
campment at San Luis Obispo. Mrs. Dot
S. Mortimer, the popular president of the
corps, had the honor of being elected
chairman of the council of administration.
There was a Jovial time during the even
ing and many congratulatory addresses
were made. This corps has always had
the reputation of being the bannor or
ganization for good work In behalf of old
soldiers and their widows and orphans,
and In the expenditure of money to that
end.
Laid at Best
The mortal remains of William B. Bart
lett. nephew of Mrs. Esther C Dunn,
well known In fraternal circles of this
city, "were laid at rest last Sunday in
Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland. The
services were held by Fair Oaks Camp,
Sons of Veterans, U. S. A., and Sherwood
Circle of the Companions of the Forest,
A. O. P. Kev. Mr. Leigh, Episcopalian,
officiated. The quartet of Seven Pines
Circle. Ladies of the G. A- R.. sang "Near
er, My God, to Thee" and "Rock of
Ages." The pallbearers were members of
the Sons of Veterans and of Court Star
of the Mission, Ancient Order of Forest
ers. The deceased was at the time of his
death first lieutenant of Fair Oaks Camp
of the Sons of Veterans.
Young Men's Institute.
Grand President St. Sure of the Young
Men's Institute and Grand Secretary Stan
ley officially visited Stockton Council No.
5 last week. On that occasion forty eli
gibles were admitted to membership and
ten applications for admission were filed.
This increase, which is remarkable, is in
a great measure due to the earnest work
of Daniel Murphy and John Flynn. After
the work of the evening and addresses by
the visiting officials, who expressed grati
fication that the council was doing so
well, there was a social hour, during
which the "Mighty Who's Who" appeared
in Oriental costume and furnished amuse
ment for some time.
Bathhouse Slaters.
Century Temple was Instituted at Pet
aluma on the ,4th inst. by Deputy Grand
Chief M. F. Chloupek, with thirty-seven
charter members. The degree work by
members of Madrona Temple of Healds
burg was marked for its beauty and pre
cision. During the evening the chairs
were occupied by Mrs. Kieso as P. C,
Mrs. Chloupek E. C. Mrs. Camp E. S.,
Mrs. Samuels E. J., Mrs. Schoneld M.,
Mrs. Morrison P.. Mrs. Seip O. G. After
the Institution Miss Daisy Gray and
Charles Wilson, K. of R. and S., were in
itiated, after which there was a banquet,
which was attended by sisters of the order
and a number of Sir wnights.
Native Sons.
J. J. Lerman, secretary of th« Yoaemite
Commission, as has already been an
nounced, will on Tuesday next deliver an
illustrated lecture on the Yosemlte before
the members of Stanford Parlor. It Is
probable that after having delivered hfs
lecture on the valley he will go there later
on for the purpose of discovering If what
he told in his lecture was correct.
National Parlor has a side degree which
it calls the "Tourist." At the last held
monthly meeting in Portola Hall eight
able-bodied Natives'who were anxious to
see the world were taken over the pre
scribed route and they bad an opportu
nity to learn much that was strange to
them. m „
Grand President Rust has returned from
Fres.no. where, last Thursday, he was
present at the reorganization of the par
lor of that place. He will remain here un
til he completes his list of deputies, which
he will make up of only wideawake mem
bers who can spare the time and attend
to the duties of the office.
A. Dalton Jr. of Mount Diablo Parlor,
who was owner of the Contra Costa News,
left last Tuesday on the Ohio for Cape
Nome.
William Kilgo. secretary of Cape Horn.
Parlor, who was a representative to the
Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows, remained
here a week after the session and visited
many of the local parlors.
After meeting with such flattering suc
cess at Fresno Grand Organizer Steinbach
has gone to Bakersfield to reorganize the
parlor there. He will be assisted by ex-
Grand Orator John W. Ahren.
All the parlors will nominate at the last
meeting this month and elect at the first
meeting in June. On account of the big
celebration there will bo spirited contests,
California Camp of the Argonauts will
bold a special cession In Shasta Hall June
1. The camp will entertain all Argonauts
during celebration week.
Native Daughters.
There was a good attendance last
Wednesday night at the Alcazar on the
occasion of the entertainment given In aid
of the 1900 fund of Oro Flno Parlor. This
parlor wishes to make a fine showing In
the great parade on the Sth of next Sep
tember, and It Is devlElngr many ways
to enable It to increase Its funds, so that
It may make a display equal to tho ambi
tion of the membership.
Mrs. Ella Caminettl and Mrs. Mollle
Folger have been elected delegates from
Ursula Parlor, No. 1, to the Grand Par
lor. Miss Clara Stelner will represent
Forest Parlor. Mrs. Frances Vlcinl and
Mrs. Mary Randolph have been elected
delegates to the grand baviy. with Amy
Tlbbits and Ida Herman &a alternates
from Amapola Parlor.
Mrs Ella Camlnetti has announced her
self as a candidate for grand vice presi
dent. She has the indorsement of Ursula
Parlor, of which she Is a member.
Under the supervision of Grand Marshal
Laura J. Frakes Mary R. Llthgow and
Virginia Brown, Amapola Parlor observed
memorial day. with appropriate exercises.
Amapola Parlor of Butter Creek recent
ly entertained In a royal manner the lady
minstrels of Jackson while they were in
that cJty. The prooteds were contributed
to the *welllng of the Grand Parlor fund.
Miss Daisy Uttleueld, tho amlabU pr»si-
dent of Ursula Parlor, won much praise
from all, as also did the Juveniles, who
gave a Cakewalk.
Forest Parlor gave an enjoyable picnic
yesterday, on which occasion there was a
procession to and a programme of spe
cialties at the picnic grounds.
On the occasion or the visit of Mrs.
Cora B. Sifford to Orinda Parlor the offi
cers were highly complimented for the
manner in which they presented- the
work, and a special compliment was paid
to Miss Mae McRae, president of the par
lor, for the touching manner in which she
delivered her charge to the American
flag, the grand president stating that she
hoped that Miss McRae would repeat it
during the session of the Grand Parlor
next month. After the business there was
an elaborate banquet. During the even
ing a flashlight picture of all at the table
was taken. Mrs. E. G. Foley,. chairman
of the banquet committee, was ably as
sisted by Misses Anderson, Lyons, Itusao,
Cronin, Gallagher and McGovern.
Butter Parlor of Sacramento has elect
ed Miss Winifred Kennedy and Lizzie
Halloran as delegates to the Grand Par
lor. Las Lomas Parlor has elected Miss
Mary E. Waters and Mrs. Emma Scho
field as delegates. Sans Souoi Parlor has
elected Mrs. Osterraan and Mrs. Brown.
Darlna Parlor has re-elected Mrs. Lucle
Hammersmith and Mrs. Emma Ralph
Mrs.. Theodore Lunstedt, D.D.O.P., ha*
been chosen to institute the new parlor
which has been organized at South San
Francisco. This will be done in the early
part of June.
La Paloma Parlor of Gilroy recently had
work In the initiatory degree in the pres
ence of a large number of members of
the order. After the work there was a
banquet at which Mra. Fay Peabody,
the president of the parlor, presided.
The National Union.
On the night of the Sth Inst. Golden
Gate Council admitted five strangers into
the mysteries of the order by Initiation,
the work being performed In a perfect
manner by President W. W. Healey and
the other officers. After the work of the
evening there was a programme of enter
tainment that was exceedingly interest
ing. This council under the management
of the present officers has been doing
well.
On the night of the 11th inst. the mem
bers of the San Francisco Cabinet paid an
official visit to Pacific Council in the Na
tive Sons' building, on which occasion
there was the Initiation of five strangers.
After adjournment Emll Kahn took
charge of the council room as master of
ceremonies for a Pacific social evening.
There were addresses by the president of
the cabinet. J. W. Cutberth, Fred H.
Hastings, the secretary, and several oth
ers, and then there was a programme of
choice musical numbers and recitations,
story telling and vocal selections. Re
freshments and sandwiches, as well as
cigars, were distributed with a lavish
hand.
The National Union Social and Liter
ary Club will give another of its high
class entertainments in Odd Fellows' Hall
this week and after this one there will be
an entertainment of a similar class on the
second Wednesday night of each month.
A first-class programme will b« pre
sented.
Last Wednesday night a number of the
members of Golden Gate Council were
treated by the council and State Deputy
Bunting to a dinner in a downtown res
taurant. This was In recognition of their
services in bringing in members into the
council within a stated time. Thomas K.
Kase presided . as toastmaster, and the
twenty-eight who were present enjoyed a
very pleasant evening. There were re
sponses to toasts, also vocal music by the
Golden Gate Quartet, while M. Maas of
Pacific Council entertained with instru
mental selections.
American Foresters.
Court Sutro Heights at Its meeting last
Monday night had a good attendance. R.
Karmelinski, a graduate from Court
Junior Pride of California, was admitted
to membership by initiation. Milton A.
Nathan, by reason of inability to devote
time to the duties of the office, tendered
his resignation as junior woodward and
the vacancy was filled by the election of
J. Loryea, a very active and enthusiastic
member of the court. Under good of the
order there were a number of interesting
addresses and a repoit on tho bay ex
cursion that the members are going upon
to-day in celebration of the court's an
niversary.
At the regular meeting of Junior Court
Pride of California last week there was
work in the initiatory degree and at the
next meeting there will be more work in
the same degree. This court has selected
three of its members to engage In a de
bate with a like number of the members
of Junior Court Pride of the Paciilc on the
subject of "Is Capital Punishment Justi
fiable?" In the latter part of June. The
court is progressing with its baseball
team, with Secretary Levy at its head.
In a short time it will be so well prac
ticed that it will be ready to challenge
any junior court team to a game on the
diamond.
Court Columbia No. 55 on the night of
the 15th had high Jinks in its courtroom
in celebration of the election of John E.
O'Brien, one of Its membera, to the office
of grand recording secretary at the recent
session of the Grand Court at San Luis
Obispo. All present had a Jolly good time
such as the members of this court know
how to arrange for.
Court Beal Rock, under the chief
rangershlp of Dr. Charles Tro-ppman, ia
having a boom. At every meeting thero
1b work In the Initiation of candidates
and not a meeting night passes but ap
plications are filed. The court will always
extend a welcome to any members of the
order at Its meetings on Thursday nights,
where under good of the order there Is a
lolly time. The court's annual picnic will
be given on the 5th of August at Sunset
Park.
American Companions,
Inter Nos Circle at Its meeting last
Tuesday night elected tho following
named as its officers for the ensuing term:
Miss Mabel Miller, chief companion; Miss
Dora Shannebrooke, sub-chief; Mrs. Ella
Williams, right guide; 'Mrs.^N. Bradley,
left guide; Patrick Henry Coyle, record
ing secretary (re-elected); Nallle Shay, ln
slde guard; Helena Barclay, outside
guard, and "Papa" Johnson, trustee. The
financial secretary and treasurer hold
over. Among the visitors were Grand
Treasurer Miss Alice Ticoulet and Mrs.
Bruce of Robin Hood Circle. The ques
tion of meeting weekly instead of semi
monthly was deferred until after installa
tion. It was decided to request the next
grand chief companion to continue Mrs.
L-. Atwood as the deputy of the circle, ah©
having given the greatest satisfaction
during the current term in this position,
as she has In the many positions she has
filled In the order at various times.
Order Chosen Friends.
The organization that will conduct un
ion meetings of the councils of this city
has been perfected by the election of Dis
trict Deputy F. A. Taylor as chairman
and E. A. Street as secretary.
Recent returns show that there have
been Initiations in a number of the lnte
1 rlor councils, the largest number being In
Magnolia Council at Anaheim and Gar
den City Council in Los Angeles. Two or
ganizers are In the field at this time and
there are Indications that there will short
ly be additions to the order in the sections
in whloh they are working.
During the past week Grand Councilor
Bavage nas visited thecounclls at Lincoln.
•Marysville, Live Oak, Chlco. Sacramento
and Franklin. He was accompanied by
Grand Recorder Wallla upon the last two
named visitations. It is reported that
there was a great deal of enthusiasm at
each meeting.
Daughters of Liberty.
To-morrow night Martha "Washington
Council of the Daughters of Liberty will
give a fancy hoop drill and social hop in
the Laurel Hall of the Shiels building
California Council No. 1 will have an
open meetlne In Protection Hall, Shiela
building, next Wednesday night. The
members of this council will have a pri
vate picnic at Lagunitas on Sunday next
all leaving by the 9 o'clock Sausallto
ferry. An invitation to friends of the
order has been extended. «.
The Caledonians.
The Caledonian Club -will give Its spring
entertainment and dance In Scottish ¦ Hall
on the night of the 27th lnat. It is to bo a
complimentary affair to the members
their lady relatives and friends. A good
programme will be presented.
Woodmen of the "World.
Mrs. Jennie Clark, clerk of Redwood
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft, has
been appointed general organizer for the
Btata of Calif oruia. .,- .
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
27
LATEST FRATERNAL NEWS
AMTTS'Bnvr-PTjTa
Week Commenclnr
TO-DAT (SUNDAT), 1IATINEB, MAT VK
A SUPERB COLLECTION
OF ORIGINAL NOVELTIES.
MICNANI
FAMILY
yresentinff the Latest Vaudeville Novelty
•THE MUSICAL BARBERS."
Second Week and Overwhelming; Sneoe—
EZRA KENDALL
The Original MonolOKist.
MLLE.~BARTHO
TVorld-Famoua Premier Dazueusa.
Wilson Family
Aashrted by MISS STELLA WILEY and a
Trouyo of Clever Pickaninnies.
CHARLES ULRICK
Barrel and Trancka Janfter.
LOUISE GUNNING
Blnrer at Sweet Scotch Songs,
NEWSBOYS' QUINTET
The Beat Agsreration of It» Kind la America.
MUSICAL KLEISTS
Masters of Music and Electrical Blade Art.
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH
"With Entirely New Views.
MATINEE TO-DAT. STJNDAT. MAT M.
Parquet 25 cents, any seat; Balcony 10 cents;
Children 10 cents, any part. .
A few front Orchestra rowa, reserved. 60
cents; front rowa of Gallery, reserved, 25 cents.
jntTTfUTM HM'I'f,
*TI VQ1 I*
I AM A WIZI! BUT I MUST LEAVE!!
Begins the
SIXTH AND LAST 1A/EEK.
of the Enormous Comic Opera Success
THE
WIZARD
OF
THEJULE
WHY DO WE MAKE A CHANGE? Because We
Have Contracted to Produce, on
MONDAY EVENING, MAY 28th.
The Romantic Comic Opera
"THE THREE GUARDSMEN!"
F.andad ta DUMAS' Iforal. Musis by VAE5ET.
don't forget uThft Wizard
0al 7 Nia.Tl».a r» ., Nllft"
Mori «f Ul tllO 11 llC
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR-250 ana 50o-PRICES
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
AMUSEMENTS.
'TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
TALE'S SPECTACLE-
THE EVIL EYE
?B?KoV MONDAY
Engagement Positively Limited to • •
SIX NIGHTS and
special MATINEE WEDNESDAY
to t£KStfMATINEE SATURDAY
CHARLES FROHMA-V "W1U Present
|J U ,
(Eighth Season)
IN HADDON CHAMBERS*
COMBDT OF TEMPERAMENT,
THE TYRANNY
OF TEARS
DDIPCCi EVENING— $2, SI. 50. (1, 700, BOe.
rn III CO 1 MATINEE-$1.60, $1, 75«. 50o, 3So.
SPECIAL
%?S3&' MAY 28 !
TWO WEEKS ONX.T !
(Seat and Box Sale Begins Thursday) ;
GOODWIN
MAXINE !
ELLIOTT ;
Presentrnr tho Success of the T«r ¦
WHEN I — r~.
¦ a/ £—• Esmond's ¦
WE new play
mm, cnE? muSt r a n k
W EZtXEZ, as the great-
TWENTY- S«SS
ONE. . . . . Y ° r \Sun. I
By H. V. Esmond. '
Cast and production Identical
to that seen at tba Knlckar-
" bocker Theater, New York.
PHONE MAIN B3J.
SAN FRANCISCO INDORSES THE VERDICT
OF LONDON AND NEW YORK.
Th« Greatest Musical Comedy Ever Written.
TILL FURTHER NOTICE! t
The Lady Slavey
IN PREPARATION— RICE'S "1402. "
USUAL, POPULAR PRICES. '
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra, Saturday
Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
¦ _— m— — — — — — — —^^— —— —^^— — — — •
ANOTHER I PRODUCTION
BIG I TO-NIGHTI
MR. JAMESNEILL
AND THE NEILL COMPANY
In Arthur W. Pinero's Unique Comedy Success,
"THE AMAZONS' 0
INTRODUCING
THREE THREE
MERRY -—as— JOLLY
GIRLS BOYS!
Next Weekr-FARE"WELL TO THE NEILL CO.
CJLt HEATRE ?*>
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY.
To-nl«nt. "MAISTER OF WOOD BARROW."
TO-MORROW. MONDAY NIGHT, .
Henry Guy Carleton's Charming Comedy.
rPTTE
150 Nights at Palmer Theater, New Tork.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Comlns-FLORENCE ROBERTS as 8APHO.
OLYMFIA SZZ^Vson
THE ONLY FREE VAUDETVTLLE SHOW IN
THE CITY.
HENRY GILBERT CASTLB,
America's Famous Barytone,
HARRY DE ARMO,
Tho Premier Aeriallst.
¦
MABEL LE CLAIR,
Operatlo Soprano.
DEET3 AND DON.
' Laut "Week of tho Novelty Dao.
ALICE RAYMOND,
The World-Famous Cornet Soloist.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY.
ADMISSION FREE. ADMISSION FREE.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
P fl fifi I M P 1 DUME & RYLErs
lUllllHu! "All-Star Cast"
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND BVEN1NO.
BATSTON and RAEFORD;
THE DOCICMANS;
GEORGE TRUMP;
HARRY HOLMES:
DB ARNO;
, . FROSTO and WARDAj
GILBERT CASTLE;
MOVING PICTURES.
I '
SPECIAL f -Bladder Contest
V ON THE CHUTES LAKE.
Order Seats by Phono Park 23.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 O' FA RRELL STREET.
LAMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET.
Prison Scene from "FAUST," S!e.- AbramolT
as Mephltlopheles. Last Act "RIGOLETTO."
10c — Admission — 10c. Matlneo Sunday.
CONCERT HALL— THE C F-KAPP COMPANY
¦ CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERT NIGHT! EVERT NIGHT!
Cakewalk contest every Wednesday night.
ADMISSION FREE. .
CHER I II P I DUNNE & RYLEY'S
UllHli! "All-Star Cast 1 !
fWD=£fflSgg=TBAlllS
Knickerbocker
Qnprifil Noonday
jyCUai Train From
( NEW YORK.
<iT I fillip tn" ) BOSTON,
i)l. LUU1O 10 \ BUFFALO.
( CINCINNATI.
Via B5(J Four Route and
New York Central Railway.
NO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STO#» AT NIAGARA FALLS.
JpeClfli From '
S CINCINNATI.
WASHINGTON.
BALTIMORE.
PHILADELPHIA.
NEW YORK.
Via Big Foup Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
- 1
CARLTON C. CRANE,
Pacific Coast Agent.
i
I California Limited!
| Santa Fe Route j
X ? TO - $
I CHICAGO I
"f Quickest running and moit taxnrtoni +
¦" train across tho continent £onn«ctlnz ¦><¦
- - train leaves San Francisco 5 p. m. Mon- -f-
-i ? day, Wednesday. Friday aad Saturday. -< -
'-.p. arriving; In Chlcano 2:13 p. m.. In tlma -. -
hi, to connect with all limited trains for 4.
I New York.
~J" Leaves San Fran- .,„
•"T nVPRLAND clsco at B:SO p. m. T
•4- .UVfcKLMPIU f alaca . and "?"
J "PRESS purist c^ ror>
T DAILY Louis. Chicago and T
-r the East. "t"
+ • -f-
-4- Our new line Tia Valley Ry. Division Is +
x ¦ now open; through frelRhts between 4.
I; Ean Francisco and Chicago are being T
"T handled; passenger trains will take this "?"
4- route at an early- date, which will be +
announced. This Is tho only railway ¦*>
T^ ownlnfc its own tracks between San
"T, Franclaco and Chicago, 2550 miles. ~J~
+ Ban Francisco office, 628 Market Street. T
¦4--' Phone Main 1531; Oakland. 1118 Broad- T"
'-i- way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, +
¦i :7 West Santa Oara Street, -4-
Weak Men: and
SHOULD USE DAM1ANA BITTERS. THE
grreat Mexican remedy; gives health and
utreaiTth to aexual orsana.. Depot. 123 Market.
UNION COURSING PARK,
TO-DAY, SDNDAY flay 29.
GIGANTIC
Open and High-Class
Puppy Stakes!
=: —
ONE DDNDRED AND SIXTY
NOMINATIONS!
$1500 — Prize_Money — SI500
MUSIO BT VO5f DER MEHDEJTS BANTX
TRAIN' BimVlCO.
Leavt* Tttlrd aad Townseai strt«ts t9O5 a.
m., 11 a. rn., 11 m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty-flfth
and Valencia atraets &?• mlantes later. R«-
turatax at 4:45 p. m. and after but coana. Saa
Slateo electrio cars ev»ry six minute*.
ADMISSION. S CE^TS-IaADIES TBXSL
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TO-DAY,
SXnOXAY, 2O.Y 20, 1900.
A fligh=Class
Open Stake
On the Card.
TVTTRfTrO'IT-STK LUJT HLECTHICCAI13
s DURZCT.
TO-DAY,
AT INGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK.
COURSING PARK.
GLEN_PARK.
TO-DATT TO-DAT! TO-DATt
BALLOON ASCENSION
By th* World-famtd Aeronaut. MLLE. ANITA.
GIGANTIC VAUDE\1LLE SHOW.
EVANS & MAITLAND. DICK MACK, JOSE-
PHINE OFFUT KELTON. HIOGIN3 A
KELTON and Many Others.
Ban Mat«o or Mission Street Cam Direct.
10 CENTS-^APMISSION— 10 CENTS.
SUTRO BATHS
OF»E1N NIGHTS.
', Ooen Daily from T a. m. to 11 p. m.
' Bathing from 7 a. m. to 1> p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. Be.
Bathing. Including admission. 25o; Children. 29c.
P 0 BB I II P 1 DUNNE & RYLEY'S
llllWb! "All-Star Cast"
EAXLBOAD TEAVEL.
Cilffoim N3RTHWESTER5 fiL Ca
LESSSH]
SIX FBAEISCO AND NORTH PACIFI5
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tl6ar»Q Ferry. Foot of Mark** Si.
BAN FKANC13CO TO SAN RATAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 1.00, 11:00 a. ta. ; 12:33,
S;30. 8:19. (:W P. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:19 o. m. Sa.tunla.ya— dctrta. tvlpa ax 1:1*
and 11:30 o. m.
BUNDATS-8:N. 9M. UrtO a. ia.( ISO. 1:33.
S:0O. 9.20 p. in,
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:13. MO. 9:8). 11:10 a, m.: VttO.
I:l«. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips mt
1:53 and l:U c. m.
KUNDATS— «:10. *AX USA a. m.( INS. i:i\
0:05, S:2J p. m.
Bet-ween Saa Wancisoo and Bchnet*«n Par*
lama schedule a» above.
LeaTa I In Effa«t. I Arrlv»
Eaa Pranelseo. [Apr. 15. 1300.) Baa Trandaeok
Week I Bun- I I Sun- I Week
Daya. | daya, | Deatlnatloa.1 daya, | Day.
T:SO am «:00 »m Novati 10:40 aua »:« ant
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm 10:23 am
t.H ptn 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:3i pm *:20 pat
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 10 ta
Healdsburr.
Lytton.
Geysanrllle.
t:30pm »:W am Cloverdale. 1OS 9m\ 9Mpm
J:t0aml j Hopland j 110:13 am
:«0 pm| t:W ami and Ukiah. 1 7:33 pm! t:»pn
f:tOam 10:25 «>ra
J:00 am Gnernerine. T^S pm
l.-t0pm( IdOpm
f :S9 am 1:00 am Bonoma 933 am 1:40 am
and
1:10 pm[ »:CTt>m aim Ellen. 1:88 pm t JO pta
":3Q ami J:CO ami 113:40 aralQiK am
l:J0 pml 5:00 pmf BebaatcpoL I 7:85 pm| i:K pin
Etaces connect at Panta Ron* for Mark Witt
Bprlnics «nd White Burphur Springs: at F"ultoi»
for Altruiia: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyservllle for Skajirs Sprints: at Cloverdal*
for the Geyser*: at Holland for Duneaa
Bprisrs. Highland Sprtpea. Keljeyrille. Carls-
bad Spr!n*ii, Soda Bay. LaJteport and Barttett
Bprlnsa; at CV.ah for Vichy Sprtnajs. Saratos»
Pprlr.rs. Blua Lak-^. Latnret £>ell Lake. T\",tte>r
¦prints, Uppflf Lake. Pomo. Potter Vall*y.
John Day's, RiTerside, Lterley**. Bnckneir*.
Banhedrln Helshts. Hullv*!!e. Orr"» Hot
tprlr.es. Mendoclno City. Fort Brar*. West-
port. Csal. Wllllts. Laytonrllla, Commlna,
SelPs Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyar. Sk»tls>
and Eureka.
' Saturday ta Monday rooad trt» tlekata at
Mduced rates.
Oa Sunday round trip tickets to an yofctta
>erend San Rafitel at half rates.
Ticket offices. (SO Market art.. Chronid* blAfc
H C WHITINO. R. X. RTAN.
Chmeral Manager. O«a. Pma«. Agent.
¥ORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.,
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 23. IMMl '
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO UIU VALLET
AND 3AN RAFAEL.
WTEEK DATS— 7:«0. n^. t:30. U:0O a. m.|
12:«3, «1:45. 3:15. 4:15. •3:1*. «:15. t:«O p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Vallsy and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturday*
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:32 p. m.
6CNDATS— 7:00. »8:0O. *i:W. •10:00. 11:80. U:»
a. m.: 11:45. »1:SO; 1:30. •»:?* 6:C«. «;00. 7:30
p. m.
11:00 a. ax doea not rua to Saa Rafael Suo-
Aayt.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-9:S5. •«:». 7:50. 8:40. »10:U a.
m.: 1S-J0. 1:15. 1:13. •»:». 4:XO. S:M p. m.
EXTRA TKIP9 on Monday*. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at •8:43 and U:23 pt m.
8CNDAT8-«:15. '3:00. *9:50. m^Oa. m.; *13:09>
m.; 1:00. 2:15. •3:30. 1:20. 'i:ii. «:45. 7:30. 10:30
p. wi
Trains marked {") start frorn San Quentln.
JTIOM MILX. VALLET TO SAN F"RA>fCI3C<X
WEEK DAYS-5:Si «:«, 8:00. 8:55, 10:» a.
B.; 12:35. 1:*5, 2:43. J:I0. 4:10. 5:!3 p. m.
EXTP.A TRIP3 on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS— «:35. 8:C5. 10:05. U:l» a. m.: U:lj.
\z2Q 1:30; S:45, 4:53. «:1S. 7:C3. 10:10 p. na.
" THROCGH TRAIN3L
7:00 a. in. week days—T&zadero and way m.
tlons.
1:15 p. m. Saturday*— Cazadero and way st»>
tlona.
¦ :1S p. m. weekdays (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sunday*— Cazadero and way i ca-
tions.
It: 45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyea and way
stations.
Weeft Gall, $1.00 DBiYeap
BOCTIIKRM rifiriC COMPAIIT.
(FAOiriC STHTBM.)
Train* lenv* nn<l »r« <ln« In »rrlv« Ml
' MAN rKAVIHIII.
(M»ln Line. Foot of Miiket Street)
lkavk — From Hat 13, 1900. — akkiti
*7:00a B'nlcl*. Sulaun, Elmira, VaeaTtSa^
Ramsey and dicraiaento *7t43r
•7iOOa Shiutm Kiorras— D»tU. WlllUms (far
: : - Bartlett Kjrlnfi), Willows, llcxi
BluS, I'ortlsod. *7:4Sp
*7l3»* Martinez, Bao IUmon. Vallejo. Napa,
OalUtcgaaud.SaDta Ruaa ••il3r
¦SiOOa Diiis, Woodland. Knijht* Landlog,
Marriflllo, Uto'Ule. »7»l3r
•Si«O» Atlaatie Kxpress— Ocden and East *11:43a
•¦i»ua Sail .!<>¦•. LitermoiB, htocttnn,
lone, SacraniBnta, PUctrflJlj,
M»r»«»lllc. Ohico, He.l IHuff MiISp
•fliSOA Oakdalr, Chineae (for Yoaemite).
Buuora. Carters. "Isl.ir
•OiOOa Hujwarda. Nilm and Way Statton*. *I 1 :«.•»*
*OiOttA Loa Acrsles Eipresa — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathroy, Htocktoo, Merced
and Frentio *M5p
•9:30a VullrJ.i. Muttuezaail Way Stations "0:l3r
• I O:UUa Tha UTCiland Limited— Oideu. Den-
. . »er, Omaba, C'blcaKO *3:l3r
•11:80a NiUs, UTerroore, .Itocktoii, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, I laufor J, VUtiia,
VorttrTilla M«l3r
MaiOOM Haywardi. Nileaaad Way Station*. *S>iS|
? l:«op H:,craiiir.it«. Hirer Ste.mrrii t3:O<>A
•:i:«M>p H&ynards, NUraaB<l Way Station*. -.»:•.¦> r
•lidtir Martinet, Han IUmon. Vailejo,
N»)>a. UalhUica, Hanta Kota *il:l.1*
•liOttr Benicia, Wisten, Haaraniftirfo,
Wmi.llaml, KuliiliU Landiug.
M»ry»»illr, Oidtille ¦1«:4Sa
•-tiSOr Ntlen. Han Joneaud Stockton *7:l3r
*3:0OrTbo Owl Limited— Tracy, Franio.
Uakenfleld, Saugus far Sauta Bar-
uara, Ijos AnKelea '9143a
*3>*0r Frea»o ra»«enfer— ilartinn. Lath*
rop, Stockton, Mrrcml, Uevenda
(Kayrnond for Yoaemlte), Hihwd . •\%i\nr
•ttiUOr Naw Mtaaf Kipresa-liakeran«ld,
Santa Karlur*. Los Anglic*, Dem*
Ing. El l'aso, Neir OrleAUl aad
Bant ••¦«.•>«
•3iS«r Manta IV Uotita— Atlantlo Sifina
for MoJkt* ami l£m«t *«i«1p
•0:OOr Haywarda, Nil** and Han Joal *7i«"> t
tOsOOr Vall«Jo *l3:lilp
•ttiOtir Oriental Mall -Oj lea. Cheyenne.
Omaha, C(iic»gj , '11:43a
•«:«Or Oriental Mall— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaba. Chicago MilSp
J7i«0r Vallnjii, Port Coata and Way Su-
tloui }9i33p
*«iO3p Oregon and California Kipr«at.Ha«>
ranieutu. M»rj.ii!!e. Up.lilliiK. - '
VortUi..!. I'niiBt Hwim.l ami Kait »»:I3a
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow Dunl,
(Foot of Market Str«et.)
{7i48a Santa Cruz Excurtion for P«nt»
Cruz and Principal Way Statical {SiSSp
••¦ 1 3 A Nenark.Oautcrtlilv.8au Joa«. Kritou.
Boulder Crrak.HantaUrHiaod Way
Station •«>«•»?
fSilSr Newark, CtiiterTlUs. Ban Jc««. New
Alinaiisu, Feltnri. KouUIer Creek.'
fiauta Crux and Principal Way
Sutlona t •«:•¦»»»
MilSf Newark. Han Jnae. Ixw Gatoa 'SiAVa
q-tilSpGIrnwuod. Felton. Banta Cruz ««j.-H>a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtmSU raiSCISCO — ra«t af Harkat Strut (Slia I)—
•7:15 t.00 11:O0a.M. f 1-33 *3:S3 13:00
*t:03 J 3:23 »8:03r.ia.
'ran OiIltRB— Fail a! Bratd wit. —'8:00 8:00 10:00 km.
t»=03 «l:03 U:03 »S:C3 »i:03 '8;03r.>i.
COAST IMTISIO* (llroaitCHiice).
(Third mid Town»e».l St^.) ">
t«MOA Ocean Vlow. South Man Francisco.. 1«t3Op
f7iOOA flan Jons ami Way Station* (New
Atniaden Wnliie-iUja mily) *liJ»f
|7ia#A Sanday Eicnnion f r San Jo.ie.
H»nta Cruz. I'acific Grove and
Principal Way Sutlom tS:33p
•».0O« Han ,)i.i«, Tien l>i>»». N»nu Crux.
racillo Otote. 1"»«.> ItnMea, Man
' Lull Ol.lnj.o, Surf. I.oiupoe and
l'rincij.nl Way Sta'tioiti "I:!**.'
•l»ilo» flan Jose aud Way .Stations *«::i.1*
*IIi3Ua Haii.lnac.LoAOatositmiWay.SUtloni a 8t3»p
t»i«r Ran .\Ut«.. Itedwood, Mrnlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Joae.
Trei Plnoi, Hanta Cruz, Salluu,
Monterey ami raellie Grore |IOiXA«
tR:S<»p Han Joie and Way Station! •TiStOl
tl:l5r San Joae anil rrlneipal Way Htatloiii *»:«.V*
f3:OOr8an Jo»f, Loa Oato* and Principal
Way Station! <9iO»»
*3<K»r S»n .lop* ami Principal Waj Station* t*:3*A
»0::i«p Sau Jnttaml WayStatiou* f»:»<>\
0ll:t5r San Joatiud Way S'-atlum. ....;... *7::ti>r
A for M orninc; P {or Afternoon.
'Daily. t Suii'la* »ic«pted. { Sunday only
6 8tturday only,
a Saturday and ir- '->» r 'nndtr and MondtT
MILL VALX.ET AND MOUNT TAMALPA13
SCENIC RAIUVAY-Commencint Sunday.
April 22. 1900. via Sausallto Ferry. Week
- days— Leave San Francisco, 9:30 a. m., 1:45
p. m. Sundays— Leave San Francisco, 8 a. m..
9 a. m.. 10 a. m., 11 a. in.. 1:30 p. m., 2:3)
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market St.. San Francisco. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco. Jl 40.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
¦ .¦ - - .
KAILROAD TBAVEL.
S Distinct RouTEsfS^^^ifiES^^is^fe
most Jfj't Scenery iffei
MagniP |C ' y>^ America, mm
and L Ord.nar0 CE SAN FPAWrKriVro DENVER-OMAHA without J||!
Sleep! nbcTrs I itAfiUoLU 10 , AND CHICAGO change. Sm -
RlQ GRANDE fS THE 0NLY TRANSCONTINENTAL LINE PASSING Wfffik
lu/tcTCDM Dv DIRECTLY THR0UGH SALT LAKE CITY ' Im/m
WESTLRN {(Y.LEADVILLE. COLORADO SPRINGS Ijl/'/JjM.
amo DENVER. MwliuA
. Fo/fPfTCS. DESCRIPTIVE MATTER etc. INQUIRE OF
GEO.W.HEINTZ." F.W.THOMPSON
SALT LAKE CITY. S/l/V /="/?/7 ASC/S C O . fS*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
28
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call corner of Market and Third streets, open
imtfl U eviork even* nipht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
rornfr CIrv: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
W Hayf Ftreet: rpen until 9:30 p. m.
CC? McAllister ftree'.; open until 9:30 p. m,
CIS Larkin street; cpen until 9:20 p. m.
3M1 JlisFicn street; cpen until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til i l>. m.
Jl* Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
I0.-6 W.er.cla etreet: cr>en until 9 p. m.
Ni-rthweFt ccrner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftrc-ets: open urtll 3 p. tn.
cuincu seuvices.
S"' PAT'LS Church. California et.. between
nUmor* and etciner; R*v. W. Maxwell
1 :.:!:>•. rector; Rev. A. C. Wilson, assistant—
H. :>•' communion. 7:30 a. m.; Sunday-Bchaol,
: V a ir..; raornlOf prayer and sermon by tr.e
rvctor IX o'cl<»ck; evening service and sermon
> . Rev. A. C. Wilson. 7:45 o'clock.
TRINITY rhurcb cor. Euth and Gough sts.,
K-v. Frederic* w. danpett. U V.. rector-
]: iy Communion 8 and' 11 a. ra.; evening
irr-f-i-r i o'clock.
CALVARY pTittytertan Church, cor. f^' r « 11
a.-.i Geary M».. IWv. John Hemphill. D. D-,
iiastor— Services at il a. m. and .:45 p. m.
Rev K. H. Van Pelt cf Hueneme. Cal.. w. II
preach mornftm and evening. All are cordially
invited.
KEOOXO I'nitarian Church, cor. Twentieth and
«'a;p stF.. Rev. E. 11. H. Hodgm. pastor (rci-
dence WM Oapp st->— At 10 a. m.. Sunday-
Bchool; at U o clock, morning eermon; special
Vnuslc including 6oprano *oio by Mrs. LIU
Kl^ir.' "Heavenly Father" and
¦'ciiiu eolo b/ W ii::am V.'ertsch. At 7:4o p. m.
Ht-v F E Hosmer will deliver a lecture on
"Jame* Russell Luwell. the Poet, the Man and ;
the Citizen"; our new volunteer choir will ;
furnish the evening music. Yis-.tors are cor- j
o. •¦.;!>• waleoOMd to Sunday-school and church; :
aU i->att> free. ;
fTrsT Congregational Church, cor. Poet and I
Mason sts. -Rev. George C. Acamt. D D.. j
j au-t ,tr. Will l reach at 11 a. m.: theme. "lila»- ,
phetny Atcntl the Holy t?rirU. ' At 7:45 ;
[ . ir..", trrrr.on by Rev. W. G. Puddefcwt of |
U ttxm, M*ss. All are cordially invited.
WEST FIDE ChrlFtiaa Church, Buth Et., near
I>.-visaJ<TO— Preacliirg. 10:45 a. m. and * p. ;
in by Hew. J. O. Imviu; Sunday school, 12:30 |
p. rii.; Y. P. S. C. K.. 7 p. m.
SL'VENTII-l'AY AdventUt Church, 814 Laguna !
Et '.'et. McAllister and Gulden Gate ave.— i
Preacfcl&S this iSunday) evening at 7:80 |
o'cl-wk t-y the pastor. E'.fler J. O. Corliss; |
rotjwrt. "The Close cf Probation." A cordial i
Irritation is extended to all; «eats free. j
FIRST Church of Chrlet. Scientist. Central ;
l.i,<-k. Z22 Sutter Et., bet. Kearny and Grant I
uve. — Christian Science Bible lesson at 11
a. tn. ; subject. "Ar.c.ent and Modern Necro-
rr.ancy; or. Mesmerism and Hypnotism"; Sun-
.¦...-. -t-c h'>ol for children at the same hour.
"Wedr.es-ciay evening meeting at 8 o'clock. Free
reading room. tJ6 Kearay st.. room 610. All
«t!romt
THK First Divine Science Church. M. E. Cra-
nipr raptor — Discourse at 11 a. m.: subject, i
"Revelation." Services every Sunday at Home '
<<i:»g<>. Z'ifjd Seventeenth St., b«t. Mission and j
Valencia. I
CHURCH of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Salnte
—Service* at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. tn., at
I*>thian Hall, MM Markat St.. Sunday. May 2u.
Eider Orsen Hutch:nB^n will address the even-
ing congregation; subject, "Departure From
«he Gospel." All are welcome.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
f ¦ Hfrtlnr for men only to-day at 3 o'clock;
address by II. W. Rose of Chicago. Interna-
tional secretary cf the College Department of
the Your.g Men's Christian Association, All
>•< >ung m»T. triviifd to this service.
THE Ther»>.phlca; Society — Free public lectures
every Sunday at 9 p. ra. in OH Fellows' build- j
;r.g; to-r.lght, "Our Lur.ar Ancestore," by i
William John Walters, illustrated by Ftereop-
Ticon views. Golden Chain at 11 a. m.
MUETIXGS SIXUAY.
BOCIBTT of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister
i-t<-.— On account of illness of Mrs. R. S. Lil- !
lie our meetings will bf suspended until fur- j
thei notice. Ladles' Aid calico dress social ]
and dance on Tuesday, May 19. !
SUNDAY Lecture Association — Discourse by'
It^rjamin Kay Mills on "The Historic Christ." !
BohM bjr Mr*. H. L. Stevens. A. O. Cclcman,
irpaniM. Metropolitan Temple, Fifth st.,
n«-ar Market. Doors open 7 p. m. Music 7:15.
Address 7:45.
AT I>R. RINES' Spiritual Society. 909 Market
st. — 11. free; I-S. lucj bring sealed questions; 5
pitod readers. 10 minutes each; Mrs. Seeley, i
Vipers. Bailey, Harri^ri. Arnold. 261 Arllng- '
t. n. £. F. \
MilS. GILUXGHAM'S «s>!rltual test meeting
thir. evening at Pythian Castle. 509 Market et. ;
tiring scaled questions, ore and flowers; as-
eisted by 2 good mediums; 10c; all welcome.
ilKETlNG Gier"« Hall. Oakland, by Irene
Prr.ith: l«"«-ture and reading: admission. 10c;
residence LCS Fifteenth et.. Oakland.
GP.AND tfist meeting. 117 Lerkin. S p. m. ;
Mt-t^arr.es Wrenn. Miller and Hatch; adrr.is-
eicn free.
AT Mrs. Meyer's Hall. 333 McAllister: spiritual
tect and rJture to-night: 10c: circle every eve.
AT Kl.erhardt'F Temple of Truth; spiritual test
mettira: to-night. 22C0 22d. corner Bartlett. j
MRS. HARLAN1VS circle to-night — ProphMIe
testt, articles read. 10c; sittings daily. 136 6th.
MME. YOUNG. 605 McAllister— Demonstration
ot splnt return to-night; 10c; come, skeptic*.
MRS. MART EVANS' circle to-day. 2 and S p.
m., H'c; also Monday eve.; read, dally. 14J 8th.
ARNOLD and Dickson; tests to all; to-night.
10c; sitting* to-day. SOc. $1. 14S Sixth, room 1.
KAFXE, ZZ* FT.r.s, to-night; Questions answered.
MRS. EGGEKT AITKEN, medium; sittings
daily. I2S McAllister St.. flat 1.
MRS. MEXA KRAKCIS. Independent elate
vi-rlt'.r.e medium. 118 Halrht et.
MEETINGS— Universal Urotberhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society In America. SI* Mar-
ket 6t. — L*"*tur* t^-nlght. "Memories of Past
Lives." by l>r. Jerome A. Anderson. I. B. L.
Tuesday night; t.ubject. "Who Is Our Neigh-
bor?" and "The Why of the Footpath." Chil-
dren's L'tu* Group Sunday. 11 a. m." Room SO.
UCBTI.\G NOTICKS.
ANCIENT Order cf Foresters— The twen- "W^C
ty-sixth annual picnic •will be held in S*t
Schwtifn Park, near Kan Rafa«l. on 3f'\
VTEXXKBSDA.Y. Mav SO. 1SU0. Round- S
trip ticket, including admission to park and
chance in gate prizes, adults tOc, children 25c.
Valuable gate and game t>rizes will be dis-
tributed. Tickets can be procured at A. O. F.
building. 3C2 <j'Karrell St.. or at the ferry on
;...::..-•«¦ cX i :•:¦.;•'.
J. FALCONER, President.
R. N. McLEN'NAN, Secretary.
THE Mansion House Fund J^Zt^*
Comir.:ttee of Fan Kranclsco <L^r5^y\^
hue cotnMacd with the Brit- r JfC \ -^
ith licnevoleT.t Society to eel- "^vJCC>v •*v~*
ebrate the Queen's birthday «{^^SV"%v
by itivir* h second granJ lfv ffjfigr
concert in the Metropolitan 1 • \ff "_ Jr)
Temple THURSDAY EVEN- f*<^aeg=Sfc
ING. May 24; a flr«-.~la»s "•¦iT£5«*i«»
musical programme, including: Prof. Holmes.
Wallace A. Sabin: Homer Henley, Manlloyd
Joneb, Prof. Yeaco. Robert Lloyd. Grace I.
Davis, Alma UcrgJund, P. W. d" Evelyn, M.
IX. W!!!iara Giwr Harrison and her Majtety's
Consul ¦..:.¦!..; will give addresses. Reserved
¦cats now en t.ale at Hherman & Clay's.
THE Caledonian 'Oub will hold lt» cy >.
thirty-fourth annual gathering and 3^ CB Jj
Kurnt-a at Shell Mound Park <m ¦*>TCt/
WEDNESDAY". May SO. The Ix-nt
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prizes. Over $!>G0 will be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing up to 6
p. m. Bagpipers for platform and fancy
dancing. Over forty events on programme;
f?ei one. A .•!.:' i ' u r.il nylcjine with a full
day cf pleasure to alL Buy round trip ferry
ticket* for FU>>\\ Mound Park. Admission to
ground*, adults. 60c; children. 25c.
>.VNL'AX, mtctirE— The re»ru]iir annual meet-
Jr.R f<t the «>tc.ckholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company wiil be held at 327 Market
rt.. San Frar.clsco. California, on MONDAY,
the £Uh day of Hay. l'JOO, at the hour of 3 p.
m.. for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to (serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction cf euch ether Lusiness as may
come tx f or«» the zn<*<-tirg. Transfer books wlil
close on Friday, May M, 1S00. at 3 o'clock
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
AN'NITAL m»-<t:ni;— The regular annual meeting
of the etockh'Wdera of the Independ-iit Elec-
trtck Lirht and Power Company will t* held
at the office of the comcany. 227 Market st
S&n Fraric!*co. Cal., on MONDAY, the 2Sth
cay < t May, A. D. 1S0O. et the hour of 11
«»Vlor-k n. in., for the purpose of e-leetlnr m.
board of directors to s»rve for the ensuing
year and the transaction of euch other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting: trans-
ler book* will close en Friday. May 25, 1SC0,
ct 3 o'clock p. m.
J. M. TATLQR. Secretary.
AGEVTS WANTED.
AGENTS— flO per day selling our novelty ma-
chines; on application will send cut and
Ijrices. Thomas Foote Co., Lo» Angeles, Cal.
$5 rnit day to solicitors of good appearance,
either male or female. Call HJ Bush ec, room
2. before 12 in.
LAI»T agents — If you want the best money
! makers pet the Tlyceia Electric Corsets and
pkirts: the standard for CO years. Address
Western Coreet Co.. St. Louis. Mo.
ACT NT, man or woman, to handle new book:
yaiary and commission. Apply 611 Montgomry.
ASTnOLOGY^
PHHF. A. MAKERY of EpypU greatest astrol-
ogi£t end palmist in the world; satisfaction
guaranteed. U Powell et.
ATTOnXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; Private;
no lee without success; collections, o. ».
HOWE, atfy at law, 850 Market.cor.Stockton.
it W KING 627 Market St., room 627; all
cases ; no advance charges; call or write.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market ft., opp. Mason.
L S CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. $27 Mar-
fc,t ft.: Ansultatlcn free: no fees In advance.
UAT1I CAUI\KT HOT Alii. VAl'OIt.
ROBINSON Jo 4-panel folding; door opens: firm
end safe. W. S BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
DELU1A.V 1IAIL12S.
AMERICA'S GRANDEST BELGIANS.
Imported LORD EDINBORO: fee $25 00
Imported LORD EDINBORO; fee $..5 00
Imported LORD EDINBORO; fee J2» 00
Imported LORD EDINBORO; fee U'o 00
Imported LORD EDINBORO; fee I2SO0
Imported DUKE OF CLARENCE; fee.... $15 00
Imported DUKE OF CLARENCE; fee. ...$15 00
Imported DUKE OF CLARENCE; fee....$lo 00
Imported DUKE OF CLARENCE; fee....|lo 00
Imported DUKE OF CLARENCE; fee.... f la 00 j
Imported Wantage Game Cock; fee $10 00 J
Imported Wantage Game Cock; fee J10 00
Imported Wantage Game Cock; fee $10 00
Imported Fashoda Clyde; fee $10 00
Imported Fa*hoda Clyde; fee .$10 'JO
Imported PRINCE ADOLPHUS; fee $10 00
Imported PRINCE ADOLPHUS: fee $10 00
Twenty-five other bucks In stud.
Youngster* over two months old by above
bucks out of Imported does that score 94 to 96
for sale at reasonable prices.
We still have on hand a large number of
fine pedigreed does, bred to, and does with lit- i
tors mostly by our Imported bucks, at low
prices. We have reduced the prices on these
to close out entirely our thoroughbred domes-
tic hares, as we propose to cor.nne our busi-
ness solely to Imported animals and their
direct prtgeny.
Few caoonlzed Belgians for table use.
We have a full assortment of Hare Supplies:
Improved ear markers,
Improved water and feed jars.
Medicinei. literature, etc.
Visitor* welcome. Op»n dally until 9 p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO.,
SAM C. HAMMOND, Mgr.
Rabbitry— 1"15 Shot well et.. above 24th.
Office— Spreckels Market.
ABSOLUTELY THE BEST REMEDIES FOR
HARKS ARE THE BONANZA SPECIFICS.
THEY ARE WORTH THEIR WEIGHT IN
! GOLD.
Ttere is a cause for illness in hares. Re-
! move the cause and your hares will be well.
Our method of treatment removes the cause
and our circular explains how. Send 5 ctnts
In stamps for our JO-page booklet and gain
a thorough understanding of the cause of
all the troubles affecting hares this season. I
Better still, send Jl for a half pint bottle
I of the Bonanza Lotion and $1 for a package
I of powers and cure ten to fifteen hares.
BONANZA RABBITRY MANUAL, by Dr.
B C. Platt. will be out on the 25th lnst.
I This, the third edition, will contain over 100 ;
pages of scientific instructions upon every
point connected with this immensely profit- ;
able Industry. One should not buy a hare,
breed a doe or allow a buck to serve until
i after having read this volume. It is the only i
i reliable authority upon diseases. It teaches
how to avoid diseases and the proper course
to take when diseases appear. It Is the only
I standard work In print. It Is written in
plain terms. In the short-cut-to-the-pclnt ;
etyle. Bound In flexible cloth. P rlc *- *- ;
830 Grand View ave.. Lo» Angelts. Cal. j
californiaHelgian hare association
capital stock. $25,000.
A thoroughly reliable and responsible com-
pany, with more imported and high-class ani-
mals than any other company or individual
' n WANTAGE FOX (Score 86): fee $M 00. ]
Mrs A M. Hush, official ecorer, says he Is
the most i>erfect buck Fhe ever scored.
CHAMPION DUKE OF CHESHIRE; fee M>
England's latest champion and winner of 13
first urizes and eold medal.
We are now receiving a large number or an-
i imals direct from England. Watch for our ad-
i vertlsement of them.
Remember, we guarantee all animals and
! pedigrees to be Just as we represent them, or
I money refunded.
GEORGE A. YOUNG. Manager.
Webster-street Station,
Narrow-gauge R. R., Alameda. Cal.
FPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT.
IMPORTED FASHODA CONQUEROR,
By Chami'lnn Fa?hr.da. out of doe by Grimby
fctar. imported expressly to head our stud:
the only living image of his celebrated fire;
Fashoda Conqueror will be bred only to high-
Class does; service JT.O; fanciers and Judges
of thoroughbred Belgians an* CpM«*ll» i«-
vited to visit Faeho-la Conqueror, the finest
I Belgian now in America; vurnrs^nuejie so-
licited; visitors welcome; ample facilities fur
IMPERIAL RAiiBITRY,"
FRUITVALE AVE., FRUITVALE. CAL.
j TWO Belgian hares at breeders' prices
At Market-it Rabbitry. W. C. Bentham, Prop.
1£22 Market St., Ban Francisco. Cal.
Does, young.
Does, bred.
Does with litters. I
Pairs or trios.
ANACONDA RABBITRY.
Imp. Young Prince (score P4\i), eon of
Fee $10 00. LORD BRITAIN Fee $10 00.
¦ YUKON STARR, eon of Yukon II; fee $3.
Large assortment of high-scoring does, bred
and unbred; loweet-»coied doe S2 1 >i; Lord Brit-
ain. Sir Styles, Yukon. Banbury and other
strain*.
All pedigrees guaranteed; prices reasonable;
mall orders given prompt attention.
Visitors welcome.
1613 Howard street. San Francisco.
BELGIAN hares Just arrived, branch El Dorado
Rabbitry, Riverside, Cal.; for few days only
will offer our stock of fine hares, consisting of
Sir Styles. Banbury. Lord Britain, Yukon and
others, at from 15 to 25 per cent discount; does,
bred. $5 up: 6 British Sovereign does. $10 each:
does with litter. $15; Lord Edinboro doe, 5V4
months, score 95, reasonable; young, $1 SO up;
remember these prices hold good only for few
days till we are permanently located. 27 Va-
lencia st.. near Market.
YOLO RABBITRY.
j A herd of Belgian hares wa* brought from
I England to Yolo County last summer, and
I now we are offering them and their offspring
for sale at reasonable rates; they are beauties;
come and see them.
Herd headed by King Solomon (Imp.), fee
$15; Cleveland, fee $10; Prince Arthur, fee $5;
Yolo Boy. fee J2 50. Closed Sundays. L. A.
RALEIGH. Mgr.. 126? 24th ave., Ea.«t Oakland.
AT THE HEAD OF OUR STUD.
Imported FASHODA KING, by Champion
Fashoda, out of doe by Pride of York.
i Choice pedigreed doee, Just received, at rea-
sonable rates.
! Our specialty, rabbitry supplies of all kinds;
nurse does rented. Golden Gate Belgian Hare
Ca, eOS-611 Golden Gate ave.; tel. South 65L
Open Sundays and evenings.
¦ IRA DARKER DALZIEL, Prop.
STRIKE "WHILE THE IRON IS HOT.
We want reliable parties In every city In the
: United States to represent us: will sell etock
at !e?s than market value and breed all does
to Imported bucks free of charge. Write
OREA T BRITAIN BELGIAN HARE CO..
I importers. 2sl2 Suiith Main St.. Los Angeles,
Cal.
, CHAMPION
BELGIAN HARE
SANITARY HEADQUARTERS.
Nothing but finest stock for sale.
Also. Radical Snuffle Cure, 50c.
100JH Butter st., S. F.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian does, bred to Royal
Sovereign, $10 to $20; to Emperor of Nurfolk,
t:c to J30: to Ajax (highest-scoring buck In
America). $30 to J.".O; youngsters, all Ftralns. 6
weeks 52 SO: 30 weeks. J3 ."0: S months, S3 and
$7 TO. Kenwood Rabbitry. L30 14th St.. Oakland.
IMPORTANT.
Mrs. A. M. Bush, official scorer, will score
hares at the salesroom of the California Bel-
gian Hire Association In Alameda on Monday.
May 21. This will positively be her last day In
Oakland or Alameda.
I HAVE Just returned from Los Angeles with a
new supply of 300 harea. I can suit you In.
duality and price.
J. S. CLARK.
College Rabbitry. 115 Halght Bt.
REDFOOT RABBITRY— Choice Elr Styles. Yu-
kon. Banbury. Klondike Nugcet. Red Rover.
Duke of Auckland and others: line does, ready
to litter; crack young bucks. Seventh and
Clay sts.. Oakland.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy stock on sale: bred
and unbred dc*» from $10 to $100: young pedi-
greed stock on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. fajaro Valley Rab-
bitry, P. O. drawer D, Watson vllle. CaL
tOO HEAD finest pedigreed Belgian hares In
State: acclimated to Central California: does
bred to bucks scoring 95; start rittht; booklet
and descriptive list free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY. \\ atsonville. Cal.
EVERYBODY'S roing crazy over our Lone
Baden-Powell, the grandest buck In America;
hlgrh-scorlng. bred does and youni? bucks for
•ale. LONK MOUNTAIN RABBITRY. 196
Boyce »t.. Ban Francisco.
MANZANITA RABBITRY. 1524 Sacramento
nt., near Larkin, San Francleco.
Lord Edinboro II.'. ...Fee $15 00
Sir Gen. Stiles Fee $10 00
Also Cn* pedigreed does.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Association— Does
bred to Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale,
$10 ta $50: best strain youngsters, $2 to $15.
4216 Telegraph ave.. Oakland"
BELGIAN HARES.
BOSS Rabbitry, 3S15 Howe St.. Oakland— Thor-
oughbred Belgian hares; breeding does; young-
sters for sale from the following strains: Yu-
kon. Lord Rochdale, Klondike Nugget and
Red Sovereign; British King at seVvice. Vis-
itors welcome; take Mountain View cars.
LORD Fashoda Chief, Imported March. 1900;
score, S5V. ; fee, $15; breeding does and does
with Utters. EUREKA RABBITRY, 1616 Turk.
TREMONT BELGIAN HARE CO., 2134 FtU-
roore Et., San Francisco, Cal. Send 6 cents
In stamps for book on care and feeding.
THE Belgian Hare Magazine.
The May number will be ready for distribution
about May 15th, which is the publication date;
over SO pares of Instructive articles on the
Belgian hare; Mrs. A. M. Bush, editor; sub-
scription price, $1 per year. Address 252-253
Wirson block, Los Angeles, Cal.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
RAMBLER tandem;. In good condition; new
tires; will eell cheap. 121 Powell st.
NEW Cleveland bicycles: better than ever; $40.
LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st.
GREAT bargains In second-hand bicycles: from
$5 up; send for list. LEAVITT & BILL, 309
I-Jirkln Ft.. Pan Francisco. ,
BOARDING I'OK CHILDREN. '
W?D^S\V^a7jts^8m^U~chnd"tonboXrdT""3^nFeU
street.
CHILD 2 years up; sunny yard: experienced
woman. £21 Castro at.
BOOKS — NEW AXD OLD.
tCHOOI. BOOKS hcucht and exchanged.
FTn1n« M p^rk rv. 71« M'=«'~n «t r»nr Third.
BOOT AND SHOE BARGAIN'S.
BARGAINS, ladles' and children's shoes; drum-
mers' Eamples mfg. coBt. Kohlbecher. 115 4th.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
TO my customers and friends— I have removed
my real estate and business agency to 26 l ,4
Kearny St.. rooms 9 and 10. Thanking you for
pa?t patronage, I assure you that all orders
will be, as before, promptly attended to. R,
j G. WILKE.
ASTONISHING opportunity ($5000 will handle
it)— Grand 3-story brick hotel; 75 beautifully
finished rooms; all elegantly furnished; bar,
etc.; corner lot. 100x200 ft.; constantly over-
crowded with boarders and $2-day transients:
best city In State; cost and worth $60,000; free
of debt, but owing to peculiar circumstances
is offered for $12,500; better than stated; lfs
a fool who doubts without investigation.
N. I). SICKELS, the Land Agent, 10 Geary.
GROCERIES and bar— S300. $500. $S50. $1200.
Saloons— $30u. $600, $1000. $1200. $2500.
Good country hotel at a sacrifice.
I Many fine business opportunities. .
I SCHWEINHARD & CO.,
No. 917 Market St., opp. Mason.
A LIST of paying businesses; groceries, branch
bakeries, delicacy and notion stores, coal
' yards, restaurants, saloons. EITEL & CAR-
' ROLL, IOCS 14 Market st.
$I. r .O— STORAGE and draylng business; large
'barn; 3 fine horses and harness: everything
complete; business, on paying basis. KREDO
& CO.. 36 Geary st.
$150— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business;
I will pay over $C0 per month to each yearly.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market Bt.
I LANE & CO., $65 Market, will sell your lodg-
ing house or business quickly for cash: list It
with us; be convinced: costs nothing.
WE have customers for bottling works, butcher
Ghoi'F. lodging houses. LANE & CO., S63 Mkt.
PARTNER In r?al estate business who has $150;
can make $100 per month. 724 Market Bt.
DECKER.
$12."0— PARTNER wanted, man or woman ac-
cepted, who can give reference; we can clear
at least $1000 a month; I have over $10,000 In
the business, which is paying big. but desire
to get control of larger territory and have
Incoming partner take charge of other dis-
trict; my reference banks and commercial
agencies. Box 2373, Call office.
A RARE chance to Etep Into an old established,
paying grocery business without paying a
I bonus; stock and fixtures will be sold at In-
voice; owner retiring from business. Inquire
1331 Park st., Alameda.
FOR sale— At a pacrltlee on account of slck-
nc-ss. bakery, confectionery, candy and notion
store, ice cream parlor, soda and cigar stand;
living rooms In rear, furnished; rent cheap.
Call at 17(H Howard st.
MERCHANTS' lunch and bar for sale cheap
on account of sickness; a fine chance for man
and wife to make money; no Sunday work.
Box 2S9S, Call.
A BARGAIN — Money maker; 14 rooms; bath;
1 already tenanted; must sell this week. Apply
I between 1 and 2 p. m., 143 Taylor, cor. Eddy.
WELL-ESTABLISHED saloon near Kearny
and Hush Bts.; must be sold. Apply BACH,
MEESE & CO., 321 Monteomery Ft.
CORNER Fnloon: good transient trade; eight
living rooms all furnished; rent with lease
}30. 1158 Folsom st.
$1300 — CORNER grocery: fine stock; good bar
trade; cash business. Particular* 124 Oak st.
HOME bakery; doing good business; fine loca-
tion; a bargain. 549 Park ave.. East Oakland.
CANDY ptor<^: cheap; must be sold; living
rooms attached. 525 Valencia st.
$S5C>— FINE cigar stand: call at once. SE. cor-
ner Stockton and O'Farrell sts.
I MILK route for sale in San Mateo. For infor-
mation inquire at 431 Pine st.
CANDY and Icecream parlor; must sell; bar-
gain. 220 Ellis st.
$14— FRUIT store. 2103 Mission st., near Seven-
teenth.
GOOD chance for an active man: drug business
In a live town. Address box 23SS, Call office.
FOR sale or exchange — General merchandise
business; 1 hour from S. F. ; splendid loca-
tion; well estab. : best reasons for selling; ln-
vc-Htipatlcn invited: will exchange for Oakland
or S. F. Income property, unlncumbered. G.
M., box 2767, Call office, Oakland.
DON'T miss the tripods at the BACKUS
STUDIO. 11 Geary St.; other bargains.
A— $50— HOME bakery: must be sold; worth $200;
going to leave: fine trade. Apply 3328 Twenty-
second st.. near Valencia.
RESTAURANT; must be cold; party going to
Cape Nome; no reasonable offer refused.
Apply 1189 Oak *t.
$650 — BRANCH bakery, laundry and notions;
16, 106 Eleventh st.
I FOR SALE— First-class saloon In center of San
Francisco. 641 Clay St., 2 doors from Kearny.
WANTED — To buy good shoemaklng business;
city or country. Address box 2369, Call office.
A GOOD-PAYING dairy for sale; no reason-
able offer refUFed; departure. Box 2334, Call.
FOR sale at a bargain — Grocery store, stock and
fixtures; horse, wagon, etc.; owner retiring on
account of health of his wife. For particulars
apply TILLMANN & BENDEL.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper shop: also steel range; doing good
business: established 14 years. 411H Califor-
nia Ft.. EUGENE RODINET.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property: a well-stocked, modern, pay-
Ing drug store in a Rood mining town; cash
trade. Call at 730 O'Karrell St.. city.
STATIONERY, candy and notion store; must
be sold In 3 days at less than Invoice price;
a Knap. Apply 433 McAllister: no agents.
$100 WILL, buy a legitimate paying business.
WM. HEFLINGER, 1064 Washington St.,
Oakland.
$800— GROCERY and bar, suitable for man and |
wife: good location; reason for selling, party
Koing East. Apply 1034 Howard Et.
FOR sale— The Central Hotel In Napa, con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF, Napa, Cal.
PATIN'O drug store for sale; must sell at once;
good reasons. Address box 2357, Call office.
FRUIT and oyster stand. 1576 Market st. ; must
eell; cheap. ' <.
$450 — RELIABLE man partner In stage route
carrying U. S. mall. Lane & Co., 865 Market:
SALOON: good location. Inquire at 604 Kearny
et.. room 11.
GROCERY and saloon: good location; good
etock and fixtures; at a bargain. 219 Natoma.
A RESTAURANT: FUitable for man and wife;
good location. 233 Eighth et.
COFFER and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento St.
A BRANCH ofllce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lencia at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Killmore st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
10 ROOMS, clean, rent $25, N. Mkt .-... $400
11 rooms, full of men, rent $28 $225 I
12 roomB, central, clears $35, rent $30 $300
15 rooms, clears SCO, central, 1 floor $550
20 rooms, on 3d, rent $45. owner sick $300
25 rooms, cor., rent $S5. Income $220 $2000
36 rooms, cor., N. Mkt., money-maker.. ..$1800
C6 rooms, hotel, fine furniture, nlce.......$3C00
34 rooms, downtown cor., rent $100.. ......$1600
Two 20-room houses on Ellis, $600 and. ...$1600
40 r.. clears $120. rent $S0, a snap $1600
60 r., bon ton, clean, clears $150 a mo $2800
27 r., central, place la coining gold $1000
15 r.. boarding house, $250 cash, rent $60.. $S50
MONEY TO LOAN. ON ANY HOUSE.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market, r. 1, nr. Call bldg.
$650 — 22 ROOMS : cheap 1 rent: always clears
, from $50 to $73 month. HUNSAKEIt, 6 Eddy.
LOUG1XG-HOISES FOR SALE.
110-ROOM house; best on earth M300
12 rooms; on McAllister et WJJ
16 rooms; fine corner; clears $150 HOOO
22-room house: on Turk Bt J'*»
12 rooms: on best street f 4^
?A rooms; corner: clears *200 *18°0
10 rooms: on Jones St.; clears $85 $400
10 rooms: fine corner; on Mission Bt »4;>0
10-room house; new furniture * 2 <w
12-room house; on Post Bt * 4W
18 rooms; on one floor: near Call Office... $550
10 rooms: on Mason st.: payments $450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
32 ROOMS: must sell: reduced to $830; see It.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market_st 1 _
15 ROOMS; price $425; part cash, payments $10
monthly. WINSTON & CO.. 102S Market st.
100 ROOMS; $250 ca?h, payments $10 monthly;
price $500. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
FINE furnished lodging house. 27 rooms: ex-
change for city property or cash. $4000 to $5000;
a rare chance. ELSTON, 233 Post, room 1.
LODGING-HOUSE buyers— For good bargains
and choice houses go to SCHWEINHARD &
CO.. 917 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
FOR sale— Furnished cottage of 8 rooms, 1
block south of Market, near Seventh; new,
fine and sunny; $100 cash; J150 on easy terms.
Box 2374. Call office.
22 ROOMS, 2 blocks from Market; fine; a bar-
gain; money maker; no agent. Box 2399, Call.
66-ROOM boarding-house at a bargain. Write
Boarding, box 467. Call office.
SMALL sunny lodging-house; low rent; house
full: furniture new. 616 Geary at.
CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Vi'EW & 2d-hand waRon*. bugglei, carts & har-
ness, work fc driving hors>»p. 15th & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM. .
GO to WATSON, the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist; 25c. 1581 Market, nr. 12th.
ATTEND MME. MARQUISE'S test circle to-
night. 8 o'clock. 10c; readings dally. 5 Hyde.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis st.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clairvoyant. test, business
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
MEDA HOSKINS, spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket. bet. 10th and 11th: clr. Mon.. 1p.m.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
A MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
St., may be consulted on all affairs of life;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost af-
fections; unite the separated: satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for circular,
with special terms. MRS. DR. CLARK, 205
Turk St., near Jones.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egptian
eecret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
MRS. A. E. BROWER, psychic readings; min-
ing a specialty. 220V4 McAllister St.; hours 2
to 6 and 7 to 9 p. m.
MADAM DENNY, clairvoyant and card reader;
25c and SOc. 752 Bryant St.. near 6th; no sign.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader -.German spoken. 921H Mission. op.Mint.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. S23
Mission St., near 4th, rm. 3: 25c up; ring bell.
MME. ZEREDA oflfseventh st., original gypsy
life reader: readings 25c; no sign.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlr.gs dally. 212^ Sixth st.
CONSULT the gffted clairvoyants; fee 2ic 249H
Minna st., near Fifth.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladiets. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
Unltrd States or Canada one year for $1.
CAPE XOMI2.
WEALTH of Nome gold fields without the risk
and hardships; stay home and Investigate;
opportunity open few days only: out-of-town
Inquiries solicited. Box 2S01. Call office.
THE Al steamship Newsboy, for Nome direct;
will sail May 28. For passage and freight
apply to 418 California St., room 32; telephone
John 1151.
TO Cnpe Nome for $30 by 400O-ton steel steamer
sailing May 26 from S. F. C. F. MOORE. 935
Market ?t.. room S. Agent.
CAPE NOME rocker; lightest and best in the
market; price $10. ISII'4 Mission st.
ABSOLUTE remedy for seasickness; 60 cents
per bottle. 1019 Putter st.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEAXING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353— 307 Tehama H- : tel. S. 40.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.,
tel. South 635 — Packinp, moving and storage.
SANITARI Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-341 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Stenm Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Sth st ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 22S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c -per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 8 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
teL Main 394. GEO. WA1.COM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for maillne. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GKORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. I'27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO , l>W-_ ~
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; also three unfurnished
rooms and bath for housekeeping. 923 Shot-
well »t.
COTTAGE— 4 rooms and cellar; good order. 417
Green st., near Dupont; rent $8.
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, rear: also 4-room
flat, bath. $13. Apply 2S24 California st.
COTTAGES AV^AXTED.
WANTED— Furnished cottage, modern, bath, 5
rooms; car line; adults: well out; moderate
rent. Box 2326. Call office.
DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25:* teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; gee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. DOc; crowns. $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st. ,__
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket et., cor 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $1 50 up: of-
p.^m. O. W. WILLIAMSON.' M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LF.EK, 2<J O'Farrell et., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexihle plates. J3; received 8 first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $3: gold crowns, $3; new
methods In bridge work: fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 50c; *as given.
New York Dental Parlorl. 969 Mission. cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made. over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 71c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, -or. Bush—
Full get of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. cor. Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G. YOUNG.
1841 Polk st.
A WEEK'S news for S cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for. mailing, $1 per year.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. M. L. PANCOST'S mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dor Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 76c: city visits $160; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. West 638.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn dreesmak-
lng and ladles' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post."
MME. REMBERT, 6S0 Sutter St., dressmaking
school; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 287 Geary, st ; dresses
made, $5 up;. dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, overO'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— OALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building; Gallagher, 18 years official re-
porter," shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eerlng. etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES". the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, tpylng: life
scholarship. $50; day and evening: catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College. S05 Larkin St.;
the coming school; thorough: up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, meeh. sur-
vev. assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.: est. 1S84.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 331 Montgmy.
VIOLIN, zither, pultar. banjo, mandolin les-
sons, SOc. - W. P. Chambers, 204 Sutter, Main 100.
PROF. MERKI, successful teacher of mandolin,
violin and guitar. 1008 Mission, above Sixth.
LE JEUNE Art and Crafts School: modeling,
designing, carving; all branches. 424 Pine st.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. Slnz. 36 Geary, r. 34.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, eraramar, writing,
etc. : day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off p'rar-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 43a4.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st.: telephone Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese.- Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help furn. ; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426.
E3IPLOYMEXT WAXTED FE3IALE.
REFINED nursery governess desires situation
or as invalid's nurse, maid or companion;
best of ref. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at
home. S21 Mission St.. room 1.
RELIABLE woman wants work by the day;
housecleaning or washing.' Apply 15^4 Oak
Grove ave., off Harrison St., bet. 5th and 6th.
SCOTCH woman desires position as house-
keeper; has little girl. Call or address 1547
Turk st.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do housework
In American family. Address until Tuesday,
box 23S6. Call office. .
REFINED young lady, stenographer, has
steady work, would like to live with nice
family as companion or stay with children In
evenings. Address box 2370, Call office.
YOUNG Swedish woman, flrst-class references,
would like to take care family house over
summer; if necessary cook for 1 or 2. Ad-
dress box 23SS, Call office.
CAPABLE American woman wishes situation
as working housekeeper; moderate wages.
Address or call 33 Ninth st.
AN Intelligent young lady wishes a position
as nurse in a doctor's office or a sanitarium;
best of reference, i Address MISS C. M.. 1037%
Market st.
RESPECTABLE German widow wishes sltua-
tion as housekeeper; experienced, trustworthy;
or work by day sewing, mending or nursing;
houBecleanlng; postals answered if car fare
paid. 522 Stockton at.
DRESSMAKING for children; accustomed to
good work; 75c a day, car fare. Address box
2376, Call. •
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to do
light housework; city or country. Apply 510
Third st.
LADY wishes situation to work by day. Ad-
dress 244 Linden ave.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
as housekeeper; city preferred. Box 2378, Call.
WOMAN would like gentlemen's washing to do
at home or work by the day. "Call or ad-
dress 748 Folsom st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation;
hotel or boarding-house; city or country-
Address 959 Folsom st.
VERY neat young lady wishes position in
candy store or bakery. Box 23S1. Call office.
AN elderly lady of good address wishes light
housekeeping for an elderly couple; easy
terms for pleasant home. Box 23S0. Call office.
GOOD girl wishes position In American family
at general housework; best city ref. Call at
569 Bryant st.
SEWING by the day, 50c: all kinds of mending
taken home. MRS. R. L. ROBERTS. 741
Howard »t.
WOMAN wishes chamberwork In roomlng-
¦ house or hotel. Call 3 days, 605 Natoma Ft.
COIXJRED woman wishes position as nurse or
will work by the day; good references. 1317
Green St., bet. Larkin and "Polk.
YOUNG lady desires position as bookkeeper,
typewriter, cashier or for general office work.
Box 2S97. Call office.
COOK— First-class German and American
cook wants position in a flrst-class family.
Address 721 Bush st.
DRESSMAKER, with the best of reference,
few encasements by day or dress taken home.
10 Metcalf place, bet. Mason and Taylor, off
Gearj\
WOMAN wishes work by the day: washing:.
Ironing and housecleaning; $1 per day and
car fare. 437 Grove st. .
WOMAN with a child wants situation as cook
on ranch or mine; used to cooking for large
crews. Call or address M. B.. 353 Fifth st.
AS housekeeper by neat elderly American
woman; good cook and laundress: fond of
children; references given: wages $10 to $15
month. Call 250 Tehama st.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day; washing
or house cleaning. Call 611 Turk st.
COMPETENT woman wishes any kind of light
housework by the day or part of day; will
work reasonable. Address box 2S04, Call.
SUITS made, $3; latest style wrappers, SOc;
waists, 35c. 24 Sixth St., room 27.
WOMAN wants a situation as a working house-
keeper or lady's nurse. Call at 523 Howard.
WANTED — By an Eastern woman, position as
housekeeper; city or country; good, reliable
home more of an .object than wages; good
seamstress. Address all week 108 Taylor St.,
room 7.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants po-
sltlcn as working housekeeper; wages $25.
Box 2362, Call office.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or as cook on ranch: good reference.
MRS. M. LISTON, P. O. box 27, Haywards.
Cal.
COLORED woman, flrst-class cook, would like
situation tn an Institution or small boarding
house: good references. Address 933 Sacra-
mento st.
WINCHESTER Hou*. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $150 to $8
week, convenient and respectable; Ire* 'bus
• nd baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
tubfcriptlona has been established at 1O9< Va-
Itncla >t
"^MI'LOYMEXt"\VAJ<TEU — MALE.
WANTED— By a strong young married man,
n6t afraid of work, position of any kind;
wholesale house preferred; handy with tools
or steam; best of references; 6 years In last
place. Box 2392, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants Jcb as watchman:
best of references: $10 and found If satisfac-
tory place. H. W., 410 Sixth St.
DRAUGHTSMAN, good tracer and letterer:
experienced with architect and civil engineer
business. Address box 2372, Call office.
MAN and wife • wish situations; man under-
stands dairy work, wife to do cooking or gen-
eral housework. 431-433 Pine st.
YOUNG man, 21 years, desires a position to
care for place: can milk and drive: best of
reference. Address 61 Hermann st.
BAKER and pRstry cook desires situation as
second hand or assistant cook In hotel or
restaurant: please state terms. Box 2377. Call.
A COMPETENT man and wife desire situa-
tions; Understand all kinds of ranch work;
references. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter 8t.
COACHMAN and gardener, reliable and Indus-
trious, wants situation In private -place; un-
' derstands care of cows and chickens: good
references. Address P. LUND, 360 Seventh
St., Oakland. '
ELDERLY, active man wants situation with
private family as gardener, horses, etc. ; small
wages; first-class references. Gardener, box
2335. Call office.
WANTED— Position as ranch foreman; can fur-
nish good reference: have had 15 years* exper-
lence. Address C. C. 19 Cedar ave.
LEE O. PRAY, carpenter and general Jobber-
Screen doors and windows, lattice work, fur-
niture, roofs, outhouses, fences, board walks,
cupboards made and repaired by the day or
Job. Address Bailey block, room 2, Dwlght
way - Btatlon, Berkeley- .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
SITUATION wanted by a respectable married
man with flrst-class references; either as
night watchman or any other position or
trust: security given if required. Address
box 2776, Call office, Oakland. _____
RELIABLE young man. 24 years' experience In
bookkeeping and general office work, wishes
position with firm of this city: references
from late employer. Address box 2356. Call.
WANTED— Position as city drummer and col-
lector- very well acquainted in city; can give
very good references and security If neces-
sary. Address box 2358. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant office
man or other oosltlon in business house: the
best of references and security If necessary.
Address T. H.. 400 Post *t.
exchaxgeT
FINE 10-room house and 8 lots for across the
bay property; 4 houses In Western Addition
for business property, will pay cash differ-
ence; Mission flats for Frultvale house; .Ala-
meda houses, with cash, for city *«£««>•
nice Alameda home for Berkeley ,»*"¦••«"*
and Oakland houses for ranches: loans nego-
tlated. EITEL & CARROLL. 1003H Market.
ORCHARD of 5 acres In East Oakland for sale
or exchange for business property in city, no
agents. Apply at 417 Sansome st.
EXPEflT OPTICIAN'S^
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician
1071H Market st.-Examinatlans free; German
eye water by mall. SOc. Phone Mint i.57.
FIXAXCIAI*. *
FOR highest paying safe Investments: cash or
Installments. Call or write room 1. 36 Geary.
FLATS TO LET. -^
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price: investigate: 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch: appreciated If seen.
A— THREE-room sunny upper flat; rent $13;
water free. 231'^ Sixth st.
A— 7-ROOM flat: corner; sunny: 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. il'M Third st.
A 3-ROOM sunny flat at- 130 Capp St., near
Seventeenth; rent $10: water free.
ELEGANT 7-room flat: modern Improvements.
2410 Sacramento St.. near Webster.
FLATS— S and 4 rooms, bath; off Howard, bet.
Twelfth and Thirteenth: key at 1626 Howard.
FLAT to let. 4 rooms; rent *12; 352 Ivy ave.
j Apply 363 Grove St.
FLAT 3 nice rooms; 28 Reed St.; rent $10.
Keys 1225 Washington St.. near Jones.
FLAT 6 sunny rooms; flower garden. 122
Henry St., near Noe.
FOLSOM, 746. near Third— 8 rooms; rent $11
FURNISHED flat to let or sell; everything
new: 3 rooms. 650 A Jessie St.. first floor.
GREEN. 1314, near Larkin— 6 rooms, bath,
enamel sink; latest Improvements: sunny: $15.
IF you want »o move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEAT sunny modern lower flat: 6 rooms and
bath: $23. 1014 Broderlck st.. near Turk.
NEW sunny flat, fi rooms and bath; yard: base-
ment; modern Improvements. 1931, 1935
OFarrell St.; rent cheap.
OCTAVIA, 819H— Lower flat. 7 rooms and bath;
rent $1S: water free.
TO let — Modern 5-rnom upper flat, between Van
Ness ave.. Polk. McAllister and Fulton sts.
TO let— Small sunny rear flat. 70 Laskle St..
t off Mission, near Ninth.
} $9 AND $6— Reduced; 2 flats. 1123 Vallejo St.,
• near Leavenworth; 4 rooms, yard each.
$14, WORTH $1S; flat 5 rooms, bath. 1417 Pacl-
flc St.. near Hyde.
$16— CORNER sunny fiat. 8 rooms. 82S1 Seven-
teenth st.. near Mission.
$25 — FLAT 6 large rooms and cellar, with room;
healthful location. E27 Thirteenth, near Mkt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address la the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
FLATS TO TXT Ft'UXISIIED.
I FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms to let. with 3
rooms: references. Box 2SDS, Call office.
TO let— A furnished flat; 5 rooms. 1407 Guer-
rero st.
SUNNY, modern 7-room flat. Just finished. 323
Bartlett St.
FLATS W A XT ED.
WANTED— Flat, cottage or small house by
respectable cnuple: no children; moderat*
rent: offers. Box 23fi5. Call office.
| -,
1 FREE CLINICS.
J S. F. EYE AND EAR CLINIC-Free treatment
of eye. ear. nose nnd throat: glasses fitted by
special oye surgeons; hours 1 to 3; Wednesday
nnd Saturday 7 to 8 p. m. 334 Kearny st.
FIH.MTIHC FOK SALE.
FURNITURE of 4-room cottage, only In use 3
months, for Vi price: rent $10: can be seen
from 1 to 4 p. m. 3122 Twenty-fifth St.
FOR pale— New oak furniture of six rooms
and house for rent: 3 rooms rented for $22;
house rents for 127 50; price $230. 313 Turk St..
from 2 to 5 p. m.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 CO, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-11H1 Market.
Pl'RMTUHE WAXTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1133 Market st. ; telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission »t., pays
highest price for your second-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 737 Mission; tel. ited 333."*.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
! 16 pases. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30: 6 waitresses. different
springs, $20; 5 waitresses, other resorts, $20;
waitress, commercial hotel. $23 and found,
i fare here, call early; 8 waitresses, commer-
cial hotels, $20; pastry cook. $40: cook, resort,
$30. see party here; waitress and chamber-
maid, mining town, $45, see party here.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
German nursegirl, city, $20; cook and second,
city. $15: second girl, $20, Swedish or Ger-
man: 2 ranch cooks, short distance In coun-
try; "German housesrirl. city. $20; .nursegirl.
I 2 children. $12: 3 German cooks, city, $2t>;
25 housegirls, city and country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BOARDING-HOUSE cr.ok. $30; 2 German cooks.
$30 each; 4 second girls, $25 and $20; Swedish
second girl. $22 50, 3 In family; Infant's nur«e,
$20; cock, flrsi-clas-s hotel, Han Jose, $25; dish-
washer, same house. $15; middle-aged woman
as working housekeeper, country, $12. MIS3
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — Girls and young women for light
work In laundry. Apply Monday morn-
ing between 9 and 10 at 1519 Eddy «t.
YOUNG grlrl wanted to care for 2 little chil-
dren and make herself generally useful; no
cooking or washln?: must be neat and clean;
wages $10. Call at 929 Lafayette St.. Alameda.
YOTJNG lady to sell cosmetics and give facial
treatment: good salary and permanent posi-
tion to a smart person. Box 23S5, Call office.
WANTED— Strong woman for cook and general
work on ranch, or man and wife; state wages
W. H. MACY. Napa. Cal.
YOUNG girl to work for clothes and board.!
1S13 Post St.
YOUNG girl wanted In store; good wages- no
Sunday work. 619 Post st.
LADIES to nil positions: country: managers
through Calif.; ref. required. 2421 Flllmore.
WANTED— A stenographer: wages J15 monthly
Address box 23S7. Call office.
WANTED— An experienced chambermaid. 10«
Eddy st.
HOUSEKEEPER for father and sen; city not
over 38 years. Inquire Monday. 41S Powell st.
WANTED— A girl to do general housework-
wages $20 a month. Apply 1713 Buchanan st
DESIGNER and forelady for ladles 1 neckwear;
permanent: good pay. 21 Sansome st.
A BRIGHT youne lady: outside work: salary.
Lp-to-date Parlors. 1026 Market, over Wonder.
A FIRST-CLASS hairdresser: good salary Up^
to-Date Parlors. 1026 Market st.. over Wonder.
A WOMAN to work In hand laundry steady
work; good ray. 113 Corbett ave.
FIRST-CLASS waitress and parlor maid; city
references required : wages $25. Apply Mon-
day. 9 to U. 1900 Jackson st.
WANTED- Girl for housework. »¦« Pine street.
OPERATORS— Button-bole makers and appren-
tlces wanted. 503 Kearny. room 2.
WANTED— A middle-aged German woman to
do light housework. Call at IS Oak st.
WANTED-Waltress for small restaurant.
34S'.y Third st.
WANTED-Woman familiar with business
methods for position of trust and manage~
ment. Box 2896. Call office. .
GIRL for upstairs work and wait on table; state-
how long in last place and nationality; good
salary to right party. Box 2363. Call.
COOD girl or woman to assist light housework;
small family; II. 312 Sanchez st.
GIRL wanted to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. 713 Larkin »t.
GIRL for general housework and plain eooklnsr;
$15. 42 Stanley place, bet First and Second »t»-.
near Harrison. .^______
EXPERIENCED finisher for ladles' tailor
suits: good price* and steady work. 1034 Va-
lencla st.
LEARN dressmaking and ladles' tailoring by
the leading system of the world: rapid and
eaey; 2 weeks in sewing department free to
all entering the month of ilay; department
open to all: evening class: patterns cut ZSc
up. MCDOWELL'S. 103 Jf'ost at.
OIRLS WANTED ;
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 35'i Fremont at.; elevator.
WANTED— Young wcman to take care of dlnlr.j
room and prepare meals for herself- and gen-
tleman of middle age. who will pay all bills;
breakfast at 6:30; she can have almost all d;»y
for other employment. Address box 2C6t, Call.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents" white
shirts: steady employment. F.OUEKSON'd,
£35 Valencia st. v
WANTED — Fitter, also alteration hands. E.
MESSACER. 145 Post St.
YOUNG lady to assist in general housework.
Call between 9 and 12. 10:8 Noe st.
WANTED— German girl for upstairs work.
wages $20. Apply mornings. 1004 Paru st..
Alameda. Morton st. station: narrow gaug?.
WANTED— Experienced hands on silk waists.
S. F, Manfg. Co.. 403 A Turk St.
GIRL for light housework. Call at IIS Co:-
llngwood st^ •,<-».
APPRENTICE for halrdressin? parlor; paid
while learning. Box 2338. Call office.
GIRLS GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
atoni en LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS, 324 Fremont.
WANTED — A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis »t. ¦
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8>£ Antonio »t..
between Ellla and O'Farrell. off Jones.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2C<X> Filimore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at li>9« Va-
lencla »t.
Ur'^P \VA.\TED MALE.
A— MURRAY & RSADY?^PlIOSE~31AlS~[u'i
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT 7 A. M. MONDAY
FREU FARE AND $1 OFFICE FEE and no
other expenses to Los Angeles and Santa
Barbara districts^ we ship you Monday 9 a.m.
and 5 p. m. for the S. P. R. K.; laborers,
teamsters, {2 day.
FARE PAID
For laborers (no experience necessary) tot
the sawmills and woods, J2ri to $40 and fara
paid; also 230 woodchoppers and tlemakers.
BIG WAGES— LABORERS FOR MINES.
25 laborers (no experience required)
J10 to $43 and found
10 muckers, gold mines.. $75 and SCO and fount
40 single hand miners $75
: Top carmen, $C2 JO; tool sharpener, $C0; 1SQ
laborers, city and all parts of California,
11 75 to $2 50 day: also teamsters. $2 day.
MECHANICAL. HELP
Screwtender, $32 and found: 15 blacksmith*.
$60. $45 and $40, •" 50 and $3 f.O day; black-
smith's helper. $10 and" $12 week
Carpenter, rough wcrk $2 iO day
Wagon-maker, boiler-makers, coopers
MISCELLANEOUS
8 butchers, slaughter-house, shop and ranch..
$30 to $C0
Stablemen, buggy washers, hostler $30 & fd
4 farmers and wives IX. and $10 & fd
FARMS— ORCHARDS— DAIRIES
10 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb
$1 & day
Cheesemaker, see boss here $35 & fd
40 milkers, city and all "arts California
$25 to $35 and found
Milk wagon drivers, city
125 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
$25 and $33
25 haymakers $30 and $rs
Gardeners. $25 and $30; choremen and boys....
20 laborers, Alameda County $"54 and found
10 laborers, no experience required, largo
mining company $C4 and found
For numerous other positions come down and
read bill boards
Wanted for a new railroad free fare
Teamsters $2 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
Laborers • $2 a day
Free fare free fara
SPECIAL
Engineer and run dairy separator. .$30 & fj
Teamsters, stock ranch. $30 & fd: S stablemen;
Woodworker, country blacksmith shop
' $40 and found
" Cheesemaker, $40 & f d ; 7 porters. $23, $20 & f »! :
Planerhand for sawmill company $;o <k fd
5 Boys or Young Men
to work In a machine shop, citv. $f> week.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay st.
A— BAKERS CJOOKS WAITERS
Cook and wife for the mines, $^0 & fd: baker,
country shop, $33 & fd. al3O helpers; 25 cooks.
restaurants, hotels and board ing-houses. $30
to $60 & fd: lroners. country laundries. $2."
and $33 & fd: 15 waiters, city and country. $23
and 130: boy for laundry, elevator boy. etc.;
dlshwajhers, city and country.
MURRAY & READY. «34 and CIS Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO."3 104 Geary st.
Wanted — 500 men for railroad work: team-
sters, rookmen. laborers and men to build
fences: $2 a day: free fare
20 railroad laborers for company work. $2 a
dny. board $4 SO a week, free fare; 50 men
for sawmills and woods, $30 to $35 and board,
fares advanced: 30 quarry men. $3 and tl 25
a day; 10 miners and muckers, $2 and $2 50
a day; 20 laborers, city and vicinity, tl 73
and $2 a day: 10 orchard teamsters, $23 and
$30 and board: 20 farmers, different ranches.
$2S. $26 and $30: 4 milkers. $25 and $30: ranch
blacksmiths, wheelwrights, stablemen and
others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and wife, family hotel, $100: second
cook. $75: broiler. $60: hotel, north, baker.
$40: assistant cook. $30. for summer resort:
cook and wife, summer resort, $75; assistant
pastry cook, good Icecream maker, hotel,
north. $30
Sllverman. country hotel. $23. free fare;
dishwasher, mountain resort, $30: dishwasher,
springs. $25; kitchen hand, springs. $25; 20
dishwashers and kitchen hands, city and
country. $20. $23 and $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
A — WANTED — Monday morning, at 7:30. with
blankets, ready to go on train, teamstem.
rockmen and laborers, $2 a day. for th«
Coast R. R.: free fare. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive TTnlon — Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED— Laborers on Relvedere sewer, Tlb-
uron. Apply on work or 60S California St., r. 3.
CX'TTER nn white duck coats and pants. MA-
JOR CONTVAT, SS Flood building.
WANTED— Bright boy, 15 to 13 years of ace. for
general office work In wholesale house: rram-
mar-school education and good handwriting
required. Box S3S3. Call.
YOUNG German (17 to 20) to work In grocery;
reference. Address box 2335, Call.
WANTED— Youn? man who has had experience
In machine and model work: one who under-
stands electrical work preferred. Apply at
546 Mission zt.
OFFICE boy wanted. FINK & BCHINDLER.
1309 Market st.
WANTED— Man to deliver and collect In Ban
.Francisco and vicinity: $15 per week and ex-
penses. Address DELIVERY DEPT., 1338
Cherry St., Philadelphia. Pa.
WAXTED- Photographer: ona who Is a good
retoucher and printer: single yountt man pre-
ferred. Address box 2375. Call office.
SALESMEN— Automatic copylnjr bock: Just
out: sells Itself; needed by every business
man. Pershlng Mfg. Co.. South Bend. In.i.
TRAVELING salesman wanted by established
house; no . technical knowledge necessary,
simply all-around hustler. go<xJ appearance
and address: flrst-class line: special contract;
entire- tim* required: references. Box 333.
Detroit. Mich.
WANTED— Experienced engraver In brass and
steel. Box 2307. Call office.
WANTED— Strong boy to drive wagon. 133
Hyde St.; 9 to 10.
SALESMAN for territory south of San Fran-
cl»co. Call or address CHAS. W. THOMAS,
Room 120, Winchester Hotel.
SALESMEN — Automatic copying book: Just
out: a bonanza for aarentu: exclusive territory
PERSHING MFG. CO., South Bend. Ind.
WANTED— Good pressman en pants: good pay
and steady work. 104 Kearny st., top floor.
NEAT boy about 1.". Apply Monday. • a. m..
dental office. 46 O Farrell st.
STRONG boy to assist cutter In factory: ex-
perienced preferred. II Sansome st. '
4 MEN 1 to work on a ranch; $1 2S per days* So-
noma Co*.: apply Monday morning. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
A— ARM waiter: country; $30. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
WANTED — A nlsht waiter for oyster house.
125 Seventh st.
WANTED— Walter at coffee and lunch house
26 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
GOOD pressman on custom pants; steady
work. 22j Fifth B t.
GOOD Industrial agent. Apply «-» a m.. 12-1
p. m.. 5-6 p. m.. 405 Montgomery »t-. room 6.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
29
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
IVAXTEO— At WM. BATEMAX'S, S35 Polsom
?-t.. 2 csbinet-makers and 1 machine hand.
KSHWASHER wanted. CSl Clay st
AN b.-.ker; «05 and found; r*fer-
« required. Kox rS0O. Call.
BEO Nl> cock. Apply tlS Ellis St.; no Sunday
work.
MEN wanted fcr work at Xome. CHAS.
• N A CO.. CC7 Market st; ticket office.
W \ N'TEP-Two waiters at 13 Eddy st, U. S.
U iii <i!r.ir.g-room.
WANTED— Good cake baker. Apply 76 Ninth
n.. Sur.i'.ay.
r.<H-HRSMENT posit !or.«-Po you want one?
cet ready new. Circular 116. clvlng particu-
lars a« to ealaries. rfate* o* examination, etc.
f.-nf frr* hy NATIONAL CORRESPOND-
I.NCr. INSTITUTE, Washington. D. C.; write
t -<*ay.
FOREMAN for tailoring establishment; coats;
ex;er:<»nced; referer.Cts. Aiiret* box 236L
f~all otfice.
V. ANTED— A first -c!a«s barber with references;
rust be peber and nt^acy: wages $S per week
t-rt.l f'»und. Addicts C. WOLLSTAB. Wads-
Tverth. Nov.
TAILOR wanted to take rhaige of tailor fhop
'• r 4 mcmb«: you prt all you take in; cash
buminem; a deposit of $:,o. or will sell on re-
turn from Paris; will j.ay double: machines.
cl tha and trimmir.es all you want In store;
pleasant place 11 live; this chance for ten
dar*. <a!l cr address €22 fitanyan et. near
Pane, Pan Francisco.
r:::>T-OLASS saw fiw! Apply at the Cal.
Iarrel Co.. Illincii and Twenty-second sts
J'otrern, g. F.
BARRER fhop for sale; J chair*: good loca-
•¦ D ar.d business. Box 2777. Call. Oakland.
FIRET-CLAES blacksmith on~^generar"wagon
ar.d truck work. 12$ Spear Ft.
CHT your shoes haif-so>d while waiting; 25c
' to £0c. IK Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BREAD Laker wanted. 111-113 Larkln st.. near
• In \e.
LIVE hustlers, accustomed to tystematlo city
eAnraM&c can make b'.g money for the
?.*>.t M r.ays. Apply to J. P. MASSIE. room
1«, fifth floor. Mlils building.
WANTED-Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. nary; able-bodied, un-
rv.arrifd jnen. of pood character, between th-
p.p^s of IT a.r.d S3 years; not less than S feet
4 l&efcea and not over « f»et 1 Inch In height;
rr.ust b« citizens cf the Unlt»d States or prr-
«^r.s who have legally declared their lnt»n-
tiona to become citizens; able to read, write
«n3 srpeak Er.p'.ish properly. For further In-
formation apr.ly at th» Marine Recruiting
O19ec 40 Ellis et. San Francisco, Cal.. cr
EM K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WEN wanted to leam barber trade: or.ly re-
qu'.res fix to eight weeks, day and e\ - enlr.g
o:a.es; *peclal lr.ducerr.ents this season: t-niy
institution In the world teaching this trade:
rr.p.p cf city ar.d illustrate-i catalogue mailed
fr>*. HOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. U5
<"!ay st.
ALL F'.ie* Tner.'i' shn»s. »'.iphtly damaged, half
price. f€2 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d «ts.
WANTED— First-class cabinet makers. Home
Mf*. Ca. B5C Branr.&n et.
WANTED- Practical \-lnerar maker: state ex-
; • ":rr.ef and «<««. Box 2u£5. Call office.
WANTED— A French baker at €3 Clay st.
WANTED— Laborer? end mechanics to knew
that K<1 Rclkin. R»an House proprietor. etUl
rur? Denver Hoaw, Ztt Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 23c per nigfct: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
IM n::is st
>:rN to learn barberlnir ar-.d halrdresslng at 8.
F Barber School, 741A Howard st
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order, tl per week, at
ca?h prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 113 Kearny.
BAILORS, crdlr.ery teamen and green hands;
ail parts of world. HERMAN'S, 56 Steuart.
PENEIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: IS
years' practice: Examiner bldg.
TvTn'-HHPTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. £5c nifrht; reading room: free
'bus an<5 baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth ar.d Howard—
R wina l^c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
CLAf-'SIFlED advertisements nr.d subscriptions
rece-v«»d et Cail branch office. 2200 Fillmore «t.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
»ul*er:pUcns has been established at 1096 Va-
Icr.nia ft.
HOUSES, LIVi: STUCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORfES for rale; a!so wagons, buggies,
can*, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
S27 Sixth Ft.; auctlr.n tales every Wednesday.
flXLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FAN* FRANCISCO VETERINARY COLLEGE^
r.fxt s<-f*kn begins June 11; catalogue upon
application. DR. E. J. CREELT. Dean, 610
Colflrn Gate ave.
CARLOAD well-Lred. gentle horses; very
rh"ap. Occidental Horse Exchange. 721-72J
Hi vmrd ft.
V.'ANTED— G-jod hcrse, harness and buggy. In
ex« ha ripe for rlano. BVRON MAUZY. 3C8
I CFt ft.
FINK <-arrtsre horse and tcp phaeton. H.
flTPLE. UZi Mission ft.
FOR Fa'.e— Fine doctor's team: € and 7 years
'Id. DALZIEL. vet. dent.. 6CS Golden Gate av.
FOR SALE — Good draupht horse, wataa and
harTif5«. Apply at 1SC4 Market ft.
J M. CANTY fcas removed his :00 horses to
?:7f. Market «. : Oa.«tro-M. cars pass the door.
ICOISES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
c-j'.ar. G. H. DMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M. BPgCK & CO. 6157 Market St.
S01 Jonee: 14 r JST-lITlO Ptn«: E r |3S
I0IR Buchanan; 9 r. 4^ 1137 Oeary: 10 r 70
l^TJ PadHc av.;9r. 65i 706 Hayes; new;9 r. 60
VZl SACRAMENTO et.. north side, east cf Polk
—Sun all day; new. nice »nd tidy: marble and
tile lavatory between rooms; cedar linen and
clothes c1o««b; full-ler.g-th mirror* in doors;
mahogany and oak nxantles, etc. ; croeg line of
care; pestoffice, etc; key cn premises 1 to i
to-<*.£y.
r.T'i'H ANAN. 1713 — Pleasant, tunny nine-room
house; marine view; low rent: fine neighbored.
CALIFORNIA. S?17— S rooms, bath, conserva-
tcry, hot-air heaters; perfect order, with
wcter, $40.
LACT"XA, IT75-17I7 — t ror-mm each and tath;
modern, mnsy: convenient: rent reduced.
HOUSE. J'lC Washington «t.. for rent or sale.
Apr!y To J. r. WAGNER. Ahlbora House.
HOl'SBS TO LET Fl'RM!>IIED.
WARM belt. Mission: 10-room residence, com-
p!ete!y furnished: reasonable fcr J months.
BURNHAM MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery it.
1XEGANT furnished fiat. 7 rooms; piano; caa
and coal Move. 713 Grove et-
HOUSES WAXTED.
WANTED— To rent or lease, a new. modern
house of not lees than 10 rooms: cunny side
of street: located Inside of Deviaadero. Cali-
fornia, Franklin and Broadway. Address box
283. Call office^
WANTED— fnfurnlshefl house: « rooms. $46 CO;
Wyftern Addition: adults. Box 2371. Call.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
CaTi? proend to rent at Larkspur up the can-
ycn. Apply to C. A. HOLM.
LOST A.MJ FOl>D. j<: .
LO?T^Benreen Davis Ft., on California and M
Market, a ladies' cold watch and sunburst
wa.lrb p'.n. Finder will receive reward by re-
turning to HILLS BROS., S3 California »t-
I.«\«T— Last Sunday. «mall black cooker span-
lei bitch: reward. JAS. BONNET, Fourteenth
tr.d Mission tu.
Lost— Parse containing tlS. bet. Twenty-fourth
tr.d Thirteenth »U. iteturn lit Thirteenth St.;
re^iird.
LOST'A goli !'.r.k bangle on broad-gauge local,
i!s.y 9. Addresi 121 Jcnes it.. Oakland; re-
viaid.
LOST— Mill Vaiicy train; brown Jacket, sllk-
l'.nr-d. velvet collar: reward. 1171 Alice. Oakld.
LOST— Lady's cld-fafhicned. heavy gold chain;
email crt»s. 1S14 FranWla it.; rewanl
Ei.'NCH of key* lost. Finder please take to SIS
Ellis sC: liberal reward.
FOITND— Lad!«* rattlesnake skin pocketbook:
owner can secure earst by proving property.
UT2 Jacksrn et. • vj
BIATHIMOM.il..
MARRIAGE PAPER. ~ "
B»-st publl»hed-FREE.
J. W. GUNNELS. Toledo. Ohio.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' pny-
trtclan. formerly 401 Van Ness, returned from
1. ;r \jk with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure Ji; have treated thousands of
< i-«" with ruccess; 15 years' practice in S; F. :
rr.aterr.ity home; low feee. 10074 Market »t.
L/R. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world -renowned
ladles' ppeclailst; aafe and reliable; has prac-
ttrfd In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
<-uzea successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation tree. Writ* or call at
tt3'/i Market ft.
yr.S. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Elg-hth st... Alameda—
MEDICAL.
*££«?£ : r?nI ET , H - "«ij*Mr«peeIaIlst: 25 yrs.
offce ?S*- an? a n n c ° nBn ement; treatment at
fident-sl Jf/r? 11^? 1 : cons ultation free; con-
fldent.al. »4i Pott st.. bet Hyde and Lurkln.
MRS - DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat^
' SI?ket a lt Cf S C f' * 5 -' x^^ultaaon free Tl22
hr^f™ VV« et t ee ? Ma80n ard Taylor; office
nours. 9 to 5; fcundays, 10 to 4.
11 ; A V LEN - K* Market; ladies' spe-
free- L^,"". at offlce ' t5: consultation
free, hours 10 to g. Phone Jessie 257.
U rhvt n H,^ RS V DA . VIES ' 12:s Market; ladies'
£H£vH£? : c J?rcnlc diseases treated; lat»
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
P^iy« ATE T- conflne:nfnt home; best care; phy-
r«*or : K? nEl !o h an(1 German spoken; terms
reasor.able. m Castro st. near 7th. Oakland.
DR. NG TOY KEE, late of Canton. China; dls-
eaws ofa.l kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
Tariurr..Q4 Sacramento. cor. Kearny :advl<e free.
Dr - £• frank & Mrs. Anderson, ladies' physicians;
reliable specialists; treatment $5. 1019 Laguna.
NICE reliable home for confinement: rea«ona-
ble. 2012 Folsom st. MRS. DR. PFEIFFER.
T -^- I) I > '. WISE & CO.. the ladles' specialists,
1118 Market st. : every case guaranteed: 15 up.
MRS. ECHWARTING. midwife; private home
In confinement for ladies. 510 Eddy Bt.
Vn. and MRS. M. WEGEN'ER— Private home
In confinement 1312 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WON'Q HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eagrg r.f the human brdv. 1\% Mason st.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
DEVELOPMENT stock In Meritorious gold
mine at Idaho Springs, Colo., offered to in-
vtstcrs: machinery erected, mine in operation;
booklet with particulars free; bank references.
IMC Chlof Mining Co.. Milwaukee. Wls.
MISCELLAXEOLS — FOR SALE.
1 BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery. Mc-
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
j A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
i glnes, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
I »tc WH1TELAW. 216 Spear st
I BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
' ters. linoleum, etore and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large ct<jck of saloon outfits on hand;
i 22 complete outnts on our floor, ready made;
i we can siitp everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
I NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above
Elxth; write for catalogue.
FOK sale— First-class ticket for Nome; vassal
sails in a week or ten days; 600 lbs. bag-gage
allowed; $100. Address box 23?0. Call olflce.
Oakland.
A NEW Colllr.near lens, series 2. No. 4, with
diagram thutter, long focus camera. 41S
Golden Gate ave.
OHMAX enplr.e 12x12, 30 to 43 horsepower, near-
I ly new, cheap. 221 First St.. top floor.
j 8- POUND «»el T rail for sale cheap. BURN-
j STINE BROS.. 634-528 Brannan st
j ;
I HAVE one and only one share In Nome dredger
I for sale; leave tn a few days. Bex 2379, Call.
EGGS fcr setting from black Minorca, English
stock; &0c per setting. 213 Palmer Bt, near
Falrmount School.
PAINTER'S outfit; must be sold. Sol Devlsa-
dero st.. Cameron's etore.
$2^— SLOOP yacht; length 35 feet, beam 14; J
rooms; In good condition. Inquire at 415
Twenty-eighth et
FOR eale — 12-bore shotgun cheap. 129A San
Joee ave.
FINE large safe and fixtures, suitable for jew-
elry business. MINT LOAN OFFICE. 14
Fifth Bt.
FINE, tweet, strong ballroom violin cheap. 1G2
Jessie st, near Palace Hotel; ring bell.
A— S3 M DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny et. nr. Pine.
WHISKY for family or medicinaJ use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid, S3 20; noth-
ing cn case to indicate contents; twice the
price cculd buy no better; mall orders solic-
ited. F. EPHRAIM & CO., IS Montgomery.
A KIXE «uit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. HI Montgomery it.
SECOND-HANI) force pump with piping; good
order for windmill. 612 Gough ft.
FIXE new launch hull cheap for cash; engine
; if desired. H. T. Bradley. 364 14th. Oakland.
j FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. £13 Examiner bldg.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
Portland Loan Office. 15 Stockton et.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BL'LLARD & BRECK, 131 Post Bt
I . —
i BARBER fixtures and furniture; 2-chair outfit
complete: muet be sold at once at a sacrifice.
_Ir.o,uire room 614, Call blda.
AUTOMATIC Willcox & GTbbs sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1S15 Mission St.,
near Fifteenth.
EDISOX concert phonograph, price reduced to
XlOO; concert records. 12 &0. BACIGALUPI.
S33 Market St.. San Francisco.
CASH registers of every description for *ale
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. Oth and ICth.
PORTABLE eng-ln«>s, boilers: Iron and wood
planers: lathes: 2d-hand. J. Burke, 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 403 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1&32 Market Bt.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof «afe. 21« California st.
BAFEP— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
EECOND-HAND fireproof 6afe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main et.
SAFES— New and ercond hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ 6AFE. 10S-111 Market st. San Fran.
OXE 4-sided Ftieker: 1 claner and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLAXEOL'S WANTS.
I WANTED- S soda tanks. 1S« Ellis st
1 WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cath. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market ft.
JIOXEV TO LOA.\.
HEIRS to unsettled estates In probate can re-
ceive cash at once; also first or second mort-
gage loans on real estate, furniture and
pianos: no removal; prompt dealing; no
charge unless loan is granted. EQUITABLE
LOAN CO.. room ft». Examiner building.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
tecond mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
wher». R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery, f. 3.
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Etore, 846 Market
et. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
NOTICE— Pledges cf the Mint Loan OfSce, 14
Fifth st.'. are transferred to W. J. Hesthal.
10 Sixth et., where the business will be coa-
tlnued. T. LUHELSKI.
ON r^al estate, 1st or 2nd mortgage*, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. \V. J.. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential
BOXELLI, Conservatory bids.. 130 Powell st.
AT 128 Kearny st, room 5, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
6$ and S3, Donchce building, 1170 Market st
LOANS made on furniture at l'-j per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
C3 Ellis et.. room 34.
WANTED— At once. Improved Income city
property, $l!00 to $5000, for cash, at SPECK
& CO.'S. €67 Market st
MONET loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Exchnje, 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co., S21 Parrott big.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRKLL. 809 Examiner building.
tlO TO $£0,000; lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRTDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commltslon; private. LICK. 118 McAllister.
IF your property Is mcrtg-nged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO e»!aried men without collateral or lndor«er.
fi. F. Discount Agency. 148 Phelan building.
MIDlCAli lNSTItU5I£:.\T9.
AS we represent the beet make of pianos in
erery grade, from Etelnway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ments are easier than thoee of other dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase: new upright pianos, J6 cash, $6 per
month : other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN'.. CLAY & CO., Steinway Dealers,
cor Kearny and Sutter «t«.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of beautiful new style Deckers
lust received* parties who have been waiting
for these will do well to call at once. MAU-
\-Aia :a Market «t
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FINE Packard piano was sold recently to the
Berkeley Hall Association. I. O. O. F.. by
the MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market gt
IT is not wise to throw away money on a sec-
ond-hand instrument when you can get a
fine r.ew one bo cheap at MAUVAIS. 769 Mar-
ket st ¦
AN elegant $400 Curtaz mahogany case; a beau-
tiful $l."0 Vose walnut case for less than half
price, slightly used: others {SO. {30. S135. {160:
easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16
O'Farrell et.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest ar.d largest hous;
west of Ch'.caco is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S ar.d 20 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs an'J
al! other muFlcal instruments of r.ll grades
and price?: terms lasy; prices lowe«t; every-
thing rossibie done to please and satisfy the
customer. »
WANTED— Ten square pianos and six organs
for country schools. BYRON MAUZY. SOS
Post st.
AUCTION prices— Pianos at your own price for
storage. WILSON" S Storage. 1710 Market et.
ALMOST new; Standard upright piano;
ficfd; leaving. S3S Webster, near McAllister.
I HAVE consigned my piano to warnrooms, 12
Flood bldg., for Immediate sale; make offer.
A— ETEINWAY upright: fine condition: very
cheap. BRUENX. £0S Post Bt.
{ir,o CASH will purchase a fine upripht; call
nt once. 1021 Van Ness ave.. room 7.
A STEIXWAY. {16:: installments $3, $5, $7, UO;
rent? £2 up. HEINE'S. 1"6 Ellis ft. _.
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy Pianos. 30S to
312 Post et.
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister Bt, next Hlbernla Pank.
W G BADGER 412 Sarramento st, agent for
Francis Uacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins zithers, old and new. H. '
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 batl'am place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 papee, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
rosta^e paid.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
TO let— Store and S rooms, on NW. corner of
Union and Leavenworth sts.; conducted for 13
years by last tenant.
$10— STORE, counter, shelving; i living rooms;
cellar. 100S Natoma St.. near Eleventh.
j GOLDEN GATE. 1505— Store with living rooms
and stable; rent reduced; good location.
OIL.
IF you are buying oil stock you better read our
folder "How to Judge an Oil Company :
mailed fre» on application. The International
Investments Co., Henne bkig.. Lo» Angeles.
OIL PROPERTIES.
OIL PROPERTIES
Being absolutely non-asseseable. the stock of
the Aquila Oil and Mineral Co. is on« of the
best buys on the market; owns one thousand
acres. Call or address 206 Currier building,
Los Angeles. Cal. ; call aad Investigate.
• palmistry;
H. JEROME FOSELLI— Scientific palmist 615
I Taylor, bet. Geary and Post; phone Black ML
MME. Neergaard. Prei. St. Germain College ot
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. 61« Geary, nr. Jones.
! PERSONALS.
EDUCATED young man of means, good Income,
wishes to meet young lady of similar qualifi-
cations. Box 2400. Call.
AN educated Etock rancher desires to marry a
la<1y of similar disposition and means; Prot-
eftant; age about SO. Box 2S93, Call office.
A GENTLEMAN wlehes the acquaintance of a
lady; object matrimony. . Box 23S4. Call office.
GENTLEMAN -wants smart business lady with
Borne cash aB partner for half Interest In 4
good prospected claims, close to Nome City.
, Address, with particulars, box 2356, Call.
I AMATEUR photographers— Pave BO per cent by
having your work dene at Rembrandt Studio,
S.V Market St.. cor. Stockton; kodaks, 3Vix3Vi.
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free; lessons given. SOc each.
ARE YOU BA t E ! 7
Consultation and diagnosis free on any hair
or scalp disease: will give you office treatment
free until as guaranteed. What more, could
you a*k? "Luxuriol" bust developer* never
falls. E. R. DUNLAP, 6 Eddy St.. San Fran-
cisco, parlors 73 and 74.
LEDERER'S Quir.tnnica is what your hair
- needs, 3ic bottle; his Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg.,
thoroughly cleanses the scalp. 123 Stockton.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; ten
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie 8t.
BRl'NKTTE boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth et., Alameda.
i $2 50 MEN'S fhoes for $150 a pair at the Bee
I Hive Shoe Co., 717 Market st, near Third.
LEDERER dresses the hair in .any style you
desire simple or elaborate. 25c; he uses Scheff-
ler's Colorine, 75c box; restores the grayest
hair to natural color. 123 Stockton st.
THE Star Hair Remedy is guaranteed to re-
store (tray hair to natural color, stop falling;
cures dandruff and itching scalp; grows new
hair; at druggists and hairdressers.
FREE— Having cured myself after 20 years'
feminine suffering, will send prescription to
Buffering sisters. VIRGINIA HALESEN, 1238
Market St.. San Francisco.
$2 50 LADIES' shoes for $1 50 a pair at the Bee
Hive Fhoe Co., 717 Market st, near Third.
ATTENTION— Ladies who use Mme. Fisher's
face preparations will never wrinkle or tan.
15 Powell st.
PROFESSIONAL massage; patients treated at
their homes only. Mrs. Lehousse, 19 Powell.
LADIES' and gents' castoff clothing bought and
sold.' Silverman, 9S4 Folsom; tel Folsom 1181.
RAG carpets wove to order and for eale; also
chenille-wove rugs silk portieres; dealer tn
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
j rates. GEO MATTHEWS, 703 Fifth. Oakland.
FREE— Success in life can only be obtained
through Influence. Will send absolutely free
a 100-page book which explains all the secrets
of hypnotism, personal magnetism and mag-
netic healing; tells how to cure diseases and
bad habits, enables you to win and hold the
love and respect of others; anybody can learn
In a few days; we guarantee success; write to-
day. Address NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF
SCIENCE. Dept. 517 J, Rochester, N. Y.
A CHANCE for lady or gentleman going to
Paris: I crossed the continent 6 times; there
In 1SS3; London and Paris; In business In this
city 25 years: references Kocd. For ten days
call or address 622 Slanyan st, near Park,
San Francisco.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and business ad-
vice. fciO Market Bt, second floor, room 37.
FULL-DRESS and other BUits bought; also old
gold. Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market »t,
between Seventh and Klghth.
ELECTRIC lights In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st. near Market; 100 rooms;
25c to $150 Der night; $150 to 56 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
DETECTIVE — Honorable: confidential; secrets
Inviolate. Addrees box 490, Call office
$£ PHOTOS at $2 per dozen at FOWZER'S,
1148 Market st. near Taylor.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cotfs Curling Fluid; 25c bottle: druggists.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S, 606 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cant-off clothing
call on B. COHEN, 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 pares, In wrapper, for mailing, {1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies. Backus
studio. 11 Oeary st.. rround floor.
PHYSICIANS AND SUKGEO.NS.
DR. C. cTo'DONNELL-i>fflee~and residence,
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC diseases treated; cure* guaranteed.
DR. GORDIN; Sanitarium, 614 Pine st.
DR. ETYAN'S Rheumatism Cure, $1; fret to
poor every Wednesday. S6 Geary »t
PROPERTY WASTED.
WANTED— Residence property In the Mission;
about $2500; must be In good condition- no
agents. P. A. McCOLGAN. 603 Examiner bldg.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
W. H. CRIM & CO.. 113 Montgomery «t.
I McAllister, opposite City Hall; 50x87:C.
¦ $16,000— Eddy, near Leavenworth; substan-
tial house; 27:6x137:6.
Potrero Block; well located for manufac-
turing or warehouse purpose!.
¦ $8000— Twenty-fourth st, near Bryant: four
flats, S0xl04; half earn.
$5500— A bargain: Market St.. near Church:
7 rooms and bath; 2£xl00.
Two neat cottages of nv« rooms and bath
each: liberal terms.
16000— Second, near Brannan; store and flat;
25x?0.
$1600— Corner 21et and Collingwood : 27x75.
$1250— Liberty St.. near Dolores; 25x114. .
$1000— Cottage of seven rooms and bath;
Sears street, Ocean View; part cash.
Cheap lots on installments, no Interest,
REAL T.STATC CITY FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
14 Montgomery st.
$2000— Rents $216 per annum; two fiats and
stable; Twelfth St., near Folsom: lot 25x75.
{2000 — Corner, 123x70; short distance from Mis-
sion-st. cars; 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc., sanitary plumb-
ing, fruit trees.
J22C0— Richmond business corner; lot 32:Sxl00.
{2500— Rents $336 per annum; two houses and
lot 2ixS0; near Fifth and Folsom sts.
$2750 — Very cheap Mission home; nice !-story
bay-window house of 7 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc.; 25x114; sunny side of street;
one-half block from Castro-at. cars.
{4000— Bargain: Pine st. ; nice 2-story base-
ment bay-window residence of 7 rooms and
bath; 2Cxl37:6: nicely located.
$4000— Rents $540 per annum; Natoma »t. ; five
tenements and lot 23xSO.
J7S0U — Rents ?7C2 per annum; three nice sunny
flats of o rooms and bath each;, brick founda-
tion, etc.; lot 34:4Vixl37:G; nice garden.
$1750— San Jo*e ave.; cozy cottage of 4 rooms
and bath; 26xS<j; easy terms.
J13.000— Rents J1260 per annum; business corner
on Howard St.; two stores and two flats; 50xS5;
always rented; is one of the best business cor-
ners in the city.
$2000— Mission home; large corner near Mis-
sion and Gucrrero-st. car lines; cottage of 4
rooms and lot.
{1750— Cozy corner home: near Mission-st cars
and Cortland ave.; cottage and lot SOxlOO;
room for two more houses.
New pocket map of 'San Francisco County,
25 cents.
Choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for salo in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
A HANDSOME HOME.
A new houst on Ninth ave., near J st., 2
blocks irom the park; contains 7 large .sunny
rooms; finished basement; 2 mantels; large re-
ception hall; fine porcelain bath; bay windows
front and rear; panoramic view of park and
bay; an ideal home; close to all tha park at-
tractions; price only. $3150; terms same as rent;
take EUdy-st. cars (Haig;ht-st. # cars transfer),
get off at Ninth ave.. walk south 2 blocks: a
pleasant ride; can reach town in 25 minutes.
GOING FAST. GOING FAST.
THREE SOLD IN 30 DAYS.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery bL
$10,600— RENT $37; 3 handsome new flats, close
to town. In best renting section of the West-
ern Addition; contain 6. 6 and 7 rooms; these
fiats are the best Investment for the money In
the market: laree 'ot.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
SWELL FLATS
IN A SELECT NEIGHBORHOOD.
$10.750— Pay over 10 per cent; Buchanan st. ; 3
handsome flats: marble steps; tiled vestibule;
latest sanitary plumbing; a fine Investment.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery at.
IDEAL HOMES
ON ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
Handsome new houses on Clayton st. , near
Frederick, containing 6 and & lar?e sunny
rooms; beautltully decorated and tinted; latest
sanitary plumbing; charming location; com-
manding view of park and bay; lot 26x101:3;
price J4SO0 for 6-room house and $5500 ¦ for J-
room house; terms very easy; blue car on Eddy
st. passes the property; see these houses at
once; bound to sell quickly, as they are the
blp-gest bargains In the city; open for inspection
dally. LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery st.
PAYS OVER 20 PER CENT
OX THE AMOUNT INVESTED.
$3400 — Two nice flats (almost new) on Tremont
ave., 2 blocks from the park; contain 4 and 5
rooms, bath, etc. ; I expensive mantels in each
flat: fine sunny rooms; good neighborhood; only
{lOJO cash required, balance on mortgage.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
HANDSOME MISSION HOME SACRIFICE.
$S600— Fine house on Dolores St., between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth: contains 10
big rooms; splendid basement; cost over {10.000
to build; extra large lot 60x117 to alley: pretty
garden and lawns; best part of the Mission;
mortgage $7000.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
MADISOX & BURKE, Real Estate Agents,
626 Market Ft., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established IS58.
Ellls-st. Investment, near Taylor; lot 27:6x
137:6; this Is downtown and in fast advancing
locality.
$17,000— Fulton 6t., between Polk St., and Van
Nesa ave.; lot 60x120 to Ash ave.
$14,000 — Pine Bt., near Hyde; 8 flats; rents
{115; lot 34:4x137:6.
$6500— Capp St., near Eighteenth; rents $55;
flats all rented; 37:6x122:6.
{6500— Laundry: well leased; Lombard st.,
near Fillmore; 68:9x137:6.
California st., adjoining corner Polk; lot 60s
87:6; must be sold to close estate.
Marine view unsurpassed; new cottage, 6
rooms, bath, attic and large basement: extra
well built; lot 27:6x137:6; price only {4300;
building alone cost the money. Madison &
Burke. 626 Market Ft. •
Choice corner for flats — Webster st. and Wil-
dey ave.; 27:6xSl:3: old improvements; now pay-
Ing good Interest; {500 cash, balance easy terms.
$5000— McAllister st., near Laguna; rents $57;
lot 26:6x120 to Locust ave.
{3000 — Washington st., near Stockton; 23x137:6
to an alley; well Improved.
15000— Baker St., near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:6x102:6.
S350O — Pearl St., near Market; 8 rooms and
bath; 25xS0.
$2300— Bryant Bt., near Seventh; I oottages;
rents $20; lot 20x80,
{3100 — Oak Grove ave. near Harrison st. ;
rents {26; lot 22x112.
$4250— Octavia Bt., near Haight; an elegant
lot for modern flats; 37:6x87:8.
{3500 — Greenwich St., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 2S:9xlOO.
$1500— Day st, near Church; cottage of 5
rooms; lot 23x114.
MADISON & BURKE.
C2« Market st.. opp. Palace Hotel.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.),
i 513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
$55.000— N. W. corner: Turk st., near Larkln;
137:6x137:6: rents {295: partially improved. |
$55.000 — N. W. corner; Geary st., near Taylor;
new Improvements; rents {345.
J50.000— Warehouse in vicinity of Fourth and
Townsend Ets.; 99x240 feet; 2 frontages.
Cor. Pacific ave. and Flilraore St.— Strictly
modern 14-room house: S5xl50.
Broadway, near Franklin et. — 77x137:8; modern
house ot 1R rooms.
$28,000— Market at., near Valencia; 38:llHxl24.
irregular to Stevenson St.: frame Improvements.
$12,600— Union et.. near Taylor; 3 modern flats
and rear house: 25:9x123:9; rents $97.
J7500— Van Ness ave., near Pacific ave.; 25x100;
house of 12 rooms.
{7200 — Fell St., near Market: 27x120.
$7000— Sacramento st., near Hyde; 35x120; house
9 rooms and bath; rent $33.
$6500— Fourth st. near Harrison; 25x80; etore
and flat; sale urgent.
{6500 — Grove St.. near Central ave.; 25x137:6;
new 3-story bay-window flato; rents {50.
Natoma St., near Tenth— 50x75; 3 houses; rents
$60; must be cold.
ISCOO— Vallejo st., near Mason; 4S:l»ixl37:8i
with an L: 2 flats and rear house; rents $64.
J6000— Folsom St.. near Eighth; 25x90; 2 flats;
rents {46. ¦
{5600— Green st:. near Dupont; 16:6x80; S bay-
wlndow flats; rent9 $55.
$5500— Octavia st, near Vallejo; 25x112:6; two-
etory modern residence.
$4250— Webster st, near Filbert; 25x100; 6-room
cottage.
{3750— Ellis St., near Pierce; 30x75; cottage;
stable.
$2900— Central ave., near Hayes st; store and 4
rooms and bath: 25x100.
UNIMPROVED.
137:6x137:6— Cor. Hayes and Lyon sta.
{SOO0 — Cor. Guerrero and Fourteenth; 68x98.
J275O each— Post et.. near Devlsadero; 2 lots.
30x90— W. line Mission, S. of Army; 3 lots.
$2250— McAllister Et., near Lyon; 25x100.
{1C0O— Union st. near Pierce; 25:2x100.
260x125— N. W. cor. Fountain and 25th sts.
3£:6xlC0 — Cor. Point Lobos and Eleventh aves.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
207 Montgomery street
WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY.
{2250 — Foreclosure sale; San Jose ave., near
Thirtieth; 5 rooms ard bath; 27x104; near trans-
fer point; mortgage {1700.
$1700— Administrator's sale; Bryant ave,, near
Twenty-fourth; neat cottage, 4 rooms, base-
ment; '25x100; street bituminized; cars pass the
door.
$3250 — Foreclosure sale: mortgage {3000; mod-
ern house. S rooms and bath; 25x114; .locality
Al: worth $5500; fine view.
$2250— House 8 rooms and bath; Pine st; 27:6x
100: mortgage; $2000.
$800— Partition sale; SE. corner Sanchez and
Hancock ets.: 25x110; elegant view of the city.
{3500— Modern flats; -6 rooms and bath each:
Florida st., -near Twenty-second; rent {23;. 26
xlOO.
J47KO— Swell Eastlake cottage, 8 rooms and
bath: W. A. 27:6x137:6.
{3500— Manufacturing center: 2 buildings; 2
frontages: 1 block from Palace Hotel; rent $49.
CHEAP LOTS FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
jg5(v_Fifth ave.. near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$1750— Eighteenth Bt., near Church; 23x150;
street bituminized.
$300— Twenty-flrst st. near Castro; 25x114.
$350— Sanchez st. near Eighteenth: 25x110.
$675 — Lot 25x100; near Mission High School;
warm belt: bargain; owner going to Nome.
FIDELITY, REAL ESTATE CO.,
207 Montgomery. st
LOOK!!!— For sale: a bargain; a double two-
story house on Harrison St., between Fifth
and Sixth: lot 29x80 feet; rents $38 per month;
will sacrifice on account of owner going
away; price $5000: bank will loan $3000. For
further information call at room 603, . Ex-
aminer building.
IF you have property north of the Park, •¦ or
Hcrner** Addition and the Mission, that you
want to dispose of, then call on W. J.
- GUNN, B30 California st
REAL ESTATE — -CITY — FOIl SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERT STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. "
$27,500— Pacitlc-ave. residence: elegant modern
residence: 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
$6500— Octavia St., near Broadway; two-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6;
rents J45.
I BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
i SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom St., Treat
ave.,- Thirteenth and Fourteenth sts., being of-
fered In subdivisions; call at of lice and get dia-
| cram; $1400 and upward.
I A FINE INVESTMENT.
$40,OCO^-Thiril-st. corner; 137:6x137:6: store and
flats: eood imDrovements; rents S250.
$4j,0<.!>— Folsom-st. corner; manufacturing dis-
trict; 3 frontages; rents J17C; lot 100x57:6.
$11.000— Rents $113; Castro-st. corner; stores
and flats; lot EOxSO-.
AN OFFER WANTED.
J32W— RItch St.; 5 flats; rents $42 50: lot 22xS0.
$6C0*>— Rents $tia; Natoma st., near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 fiats above; lot 25x75.
RF.S1DENCE PROPERTT.
{7500 each — Facing Jefferson square on Laguna
St.; special offering of several choice residences;
' get a diagram and particulars at office.
¦ $27L0 — Richmond district; entirely new; 3 cot-
tages; modern in every respect; easy terms.
$&350 — Sunspt district: 2 handMme new mod-
j ern residences; Just completed: 6 rooms and
i bath and basement; Int 25x120; easy terms.
$11.000— Pine St., near Buchanan: good mod-
ern residence; 10 rooms and bath; up-to-date
Plumbing, electric lights: lot 2i.vl37:6.
* VACANT LOTS.
$5000 — Van Ness ave.; corner; 22x109.-
$15,000— Presidio Heights; corner; 137:6xl27:SU;
fine marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3250 — Mill Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath;
partly finished attic; larRe lot; will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery et.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
GAS AND WATER SERIVCE.
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by II and I
Eta., Eighteenth and Nineteenth aves.: right on
the Park and the new Nineteenth-ave. boule-
vard; most of the lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine Investment; good
bullying lots: all ready; lots on ofttcial grade;
macadamized; plank sidewalks; 6 per cent in-
terest only.
SEK THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— TOUR
OWN TERMS.
1 Money advanced for bulldine purposes ; elec-
j trie cars pass the property; see this block at
once; go to our branch office to-diy, cor. H st. i
and Ninth ave.; price lists, etc., there or at our
office. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$1000 WILL buy one of the nicest homes in the
Mission; new ccttage of 4 rooms and bath;
large lot and street work done; Surry st.,
near Chenery and Diamond; house alone
would coat more than price asked and the
lot is in a good location. BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.,
Opposite Kearny.
Market st. — 2 frontages; north side and east
side of Taylor St.; lease about expiring; in-
| creased rental offered.
! $72,000 — Corner, near Market and Jones; 75
feet frontage: rare buy.
; {42,600— Rents $400; lot 80x137:6 feet; modern
I building; pays 10 per cent.
I {32.0CO — Fourth ¦ St., near Townsend; 137:6x
137:6; near railroad and warehouses.
$23,000— Vicinity Larkin ar.d McAllister; lot
68.9x120 feet; 2 frontages; rents $210.
{23,000 — Sixth St.; 75 feet frontage; 4 stores
and 50 rooms above; rents {200.
{1S.C00— 1362 Post St.; lot 30x137:6; IS rooms
| and every modern convenience; cost $35,000;
make offer.
$12.500— Half block from Market and Steuart
sts.: brick building.
{12. SCO— Ninth St.: close to Mission; 38 feet
front; 2 stores and flats.
$9000— Rents $100; lot 100x137:8; Powell-st. car
j line.
$7250— Broadway, between Buchanan and
! Webster sts.; lot 34:4Hxl32 feet; choicest resi-
dence site.
{8000 — 6 new flats; rents {S6; lot 50x100 feet.
$6500 — 6 bay-window flats; rents 568; lot 43x
75; near Sixth and Howard.
$6 r .0O— 1225 Bush St., lot 30x137:6; house of 14
rooms; must be sold.
jr,000 — Powell st. ; 3 flats; rents {62.
$3200—4106 Twenty-fifth st., near Castro; store
and rooms; lot 30x114 feet.
$3rA'O-Kents $40; 5 flats; 2 frontages; Val-
lejo st.
{2750— SI South Park: house and lot; 21x107:6.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAO,
HEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
S24 MARKET ST.
Houses Rented. Rents Collected and Full
j Charce Taken of Property.
$Co00 — Maple Bt., near Sacramento; 2-story
modern house of 7 rooms and bath; rents $40
per mo.; lot 23x112 :S.
$7650— Natoma St., near Sth; 6 fiats of 4 and 5
rooms and bath each; rents for $S0 per month;
lot 50x75.
{ST'iO — Larkin St.. near Vallejo: 3 flats of 5, 5,
6 rooms and bath each; rents $62 50; lot 24x100
$14,000— Cohen place, near Ellis St.; 8 flats of
6 and 6 rooms and bath each; rents $132 per
month; lot 83x56 feet.
{G00O—Clayton et.; almost new house of 9
rooms and bath; modern and convenient; lot
25x112:6.
$20,000— Ellis st., near Franklin: 3 flats; good
improvements; rents $170; lot 55x120 feet.
{15 SCO — Ellis St.; elegant flats, near Larkin
St., rents rents {125 per month: lot 27:6x120 feet.
J27 000— Corner of Ellis; well Improved; lot 90
xl25 feet; rents $260; paya 14 per cent.
$3300— Store and flata on Clara st.; rents $33
per month.
{12 r.00— Fine business confer on 7th St.. near
Market: rents {110 per month; pays 15 per cent.
{3300—3 nice tenements; Silver St.; rents {42.
$6000— Store and flat* close to 6th and Mission
sts.; rents J60; foreclosure.
$2400— Splendid cottage of 5 rooms and bath;
best part of the Mission warm belt.
For further particulars and list apply at the
office of BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAO. 624 Mar-
ket .st. .
FOR YOUR RENT MONEY.
An elegant 6-room and bath cottage at a
bargain: only built 1H years; lot 37:6x118: 8-
foot basement: gas fixtures, 2 mantels. 2 bay-
windows, porcelain tubs, large sunny rooms;
excellent neighborhood. Take Mlsslon-st. cars,
transfer at Twenty-second et., nde to Hoffman
ave J. A. COTTER. 113 Hoffman ave., will
show you the cottage, or OSCAR HEYMAN,
14 Post st.
WORKWOMEN!
For lf-ss than your rent money you can buy
a new 4-room and bath cottage and lot 23x100;
street work done; sanitary plumbing; only half
a block from Mission, st.
OSCARj HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$250— $5 MONTHLY; lot graded and sewered;
near Mission and Thirtieth us.
$250 buys two lots: $5 monthly; near Crescent
ave and Mission st.
{75—100x120; near San Mateo electric cars.
Fifty lots. {150 to {800 each, near Twenty-
second-st. cars; street work done; $5 monthly.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post Bt.
$500 BUYS four lots. 80x100 each: level and
ready to build on; close to Mission St.; {5
monthly. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$12 60 A MONTH buys a 5-room cottage and
lot In Berkeley; lot 80x100; fine grounds,
chicken houses, etc.; a bargain. OSCAR
HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
TO BREEDERS OF BELGIAN HARES.
I have for sale a 5-room and bath cottage on
Alvarado st., near Douglass, nearly new. with
stable 25x75 feet adjoining; this place can be
had at a bargain on easy monthly payments;
It has large grounds. Rood neighborhood an-1
the most suitable place for a rabbltry.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post rt.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC STREET— A SACRIFICE.
Brick building on Pacific St.. near Montgom-
ery ave.; store and 22 rooms; rents $70; must be
sold; price fSOOO.
bake'ry plant.
S W. cor. Sanchez and Fourteenth sts. ; 105x
105 feet; fully equipped; price {20,000; might rent.
THREE FINE FLATS.
- On Van Ness ave.; new and modern; rents
$130 monthly: lot 25x125; price $12,500.
A fine home at San Mateo for exchange for
city property.
PACIFIC-AVENUE CORNER.
45x100 feet; with city and marine view; street
work all done; will be sold at a sacrifice.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$4300— Splendid marine view lot on Presidio
Helchts: 34:4x127:8.
SSuOO-Sunny lot on Clay St., Presidio Heights;
30x127:S.
$2500— Lot on 24th St., near Folsom: 37:6x100.
$175,) — Nice lot on Spruce st.. near Clay; cheap.
$700 each— Two lots on California st. South,
noar Seventh ave., 25x100 each.
JCSO each— Alvarado St., near Sanchez; 25x111
each,
McAFEE BROTHERS.
103 Montgomery Bt., San Francisco.
OFFER wanted— $300 asked: extra large lot on
California ave., near 2Sth and Mission.
?10 cash— $3 per month ; ' best lots on Nine-
teenth ave. boulevard: only 3 left.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
SANTA FE. SANTA FE.
Tlie new townsite at terminus Santa Fe RR. ;
price of all corners has been advanced $23:
a few Inside lots left at {100: terms {10 cash:
{5 monthly: streets graded: all lots level and
ready to build on. McEWEN BROS., llg
Montgomery St., Sole Agents, Santa Fe.
BARGAIN! ~
Lovely corner home; NW. corner of Twenty-
fifth and Hoffman ave.: 73x100: good comfort-
i able home of 8 rooms and bath; fine vlewB of
almost the entire city: very sunny place;
Twenty-second st. cars just one block from
the property; good place or home or Institu-
tion: will be sold on very eaay te*ms; I1S00 at
! 6 per cent can remain; must be sold. Further
particulars of G. H. UMBSEN & co ., 14
Montgomery et. .
JUST completed— Elegant modern home: seven
rooms, bath: Shotwell. near 19th: 30x127. H.
'.. FEIGE. builder," 1058 Capp St.: easy terms.
LOT for sale— Half block from 2 car lines;
Joost ave.: "-sunny side. Inquire^ 3506^ Mla-
¦", , slon 'St.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Street.
MUST BE SOLD
BEFORE MAT 23. 1900.
PATS IS PER CENT.
$3,350— Reduced from $4CC0; 6 flats of 4 and
6 rooms. In good condition; rents $47
per month: let 23:9x75 feet; on Clara
St.. near Sixth.
PATS 10 PER CENT.
$14,2iO— Post St., near Hyde; 3 elegant modern
flats of 9 rooms and bath each; porce-
lain baths; salt water in baths; every
modern improvement; rents $120 50 per
month.
PATS 17 PER CENT.
$11,000— On Stockton St.; 11 flats and house; I
all in first-class condition: 4 frontages; J
rents $160 per month; every flat rented, j
PATS 12 PER CENT.
$o,750— Reduced from $7000; well built flats of
6 rooms and bath each (built by day
labor): cost JIO.COO; rents $.">(> I>er month;
on Howard St., near Thirteenth.
PATS 15 PER CENT.
$o,5C0 — 6 flats of 4 and 7 rooms; separate en-
trances; on lot 50x75 feet: rents $72
per month; near Sixth and FoUom sts.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$3,500 — Residence of 8 rooms and bath and
basement: lot 26:3x100 feet: on Stelr.er
St.. near Haight; will trade for Berke-
ley property: mortgage of $3100 can re-
main aa long as desired.
A BEAUTIFUL NEW HOME..
$3.250— New house, 6 rooms and bath: porce-
lain tubs. tile, mantels, gas, grates,
china closets, pretty artistic front, iron
fence, cement walk, bitumen street;
cars pass the door; Mission warm belt;
will make terms.
PATS 12 PER CENT.
12,500 — Store and flat on Point Lobos ave..
near I St.; first-class condition; a bar-
gain.
ON INSTALLMENTS.
$K0 and upward — Fine level lots, with
marine view, on Hyde-st. car line;
Email amount cash, balance cn pay-
ments; will build to suit on terms.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
63S Market street.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION ! .
AUCTION !
AUCTION !
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
TUESDAY, MAT 29. 190*
At 12 o'clock noon.
At Our Salesroom, 638 Market st.
LEAVENWORTH STREET IXVESTMlfNT.
West side. 1037-33-41-43 Leavenworth st,. 67:6
south of California; 3-story house. 10 rooms and
bath and 3 flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
total rents {108 SO; lot 40x£0 feet.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS INVESTMENT.
North side Clay st. (No. S340), 110 east of
Walnut, elegant modern residence of 12 rooms,
attic, basement, billiard-rooms, etc.; every
modern Improvement; rents J780 per annum,
under lease; lot 27:6xl27:8 l 4 feet; terms, cash
above bank mortgage of $3500, which can re-
main.
MISSION WARM BELT.
PEREMPTORY SALE.
(Without reserve.)
Northeast corner of Bryant and Twenty-sixth
sts.: fine level- lots, ready for building; street
level: bituminized. sewered, accepted by city:
terms, bank mortgage of {2750 can remain on
the 5 lots or {550 can remain on each lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
Banks pay 3 1-3 per cent; these properties pay
from 13 to IS per cent.
WELCH ST.
Northwesterly side Welch st. (Nos. 112-114),
130 southwest of Fourth; six flats, two of 4
rooms, four of 3 rooms; total rents $4S per
month; lot 25x75 feet.
ALICE ST.
Northeast side Alice st. (Nos. B and 7). 80
feet southeast of Kolsom; six tenements of 4
ar.d 3 rooms: t 1 rents $42 per month; lot
40x57:6 feet; will *ubdtvlde.
TEHAMA ST.
North side Tehama St. (No. 742), SO feet
northeast of Ninth; five tenements .of 4 and 3
rooms; rents $32 per month; key lot extending
back toward Howard St.; lot 25xS0 feet.
BAKER ST. RESIDENCES.
West side Baker st. (N'os. 21-23). 27 feet south
of Page: two modern well-built houses of 9
rooms and bath each; finished basement, serv-
ants' room, laundry, etc.; every modern con-
venience; will sell houses separate; lots 22:8x
100 each; terms, cash above bank mortgage of
{4220 on each house.
LEAVENWORTH ST. FLATS.
East side Leavenworth st. (No. 171S), 49 feet
south of Vallejo; two flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and basement; rents {30; lot 20:SxS3:S feet.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
West side Vicksburg st. (No. 10), 69 feet south
of Twenty-second; nice appearing 2-story housa
of S rooms and bath and barn; rents SIS per
month; lot 22:GxlG0 feet.
LTON ST. LOT.
FORCED SALE.
West side Lyon st., 25 north of Oeary; size
25x100 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market at.
SIX rooms and bath; new house on Jth ave.,
between California and Clement sts.; all the
latest Improvements; come to the office and
find out how you can obtain this house for
your rent money.
Also new 5 room and bath on Hoffman ave.,
Heyman Tract.
And 4 room and bath on Buena Vista avt.,
near 23th and Mission sts.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner and Builder.
117 Sutter at.
PARK lots for sale on reasonable terms.
For sale — 1 room and bath, nice summer
home, on Alvln Tract, Elmhurst R. R. sta-
tion. JACOB HETMAX,
117 Sutter st.
FOR rent— House 8 rooms and bath; 1615 Lyon
St.. west side, between California and Sutter;
rent reasonable. JACOB HEYMAN.
117 Sutter st.
Ill, COO— AT a sacrifice
On account of bank foreclosure
A beautiful marine view lot
Elegant location for swell flats
Frontage 60:5x137:6 deep; north side Broad-
tray, near Franklin. Apply R. McCOLOAN,
24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
RARE chance for a buyer; a fine 2-story resi-
dence in Western Addition; Improvements in
good condition; owner must sell; price $5000;
rents $S."> per month: will sell on terms to
suit; part cash, balance mortgage. Apply
D. A. McCOLGAX, room 603. Examiner bldgr.
ATTENTION!!!— Bank foreclosure; must be
- sold at once; sacrifice price $40t0; perfect con-
dition; no reasonable offer refused; first-class
location: this Is a chance for a good Invest-
ment. For further particulars apply to D.
A. McCOLGAN, room 603, Examiner bldg.
JOHN PFORR, 403 PINE STREET.
Opposite the Nevada Hank.
$6S0O— Fine small business property; store and
flats on Geary st. : rent {S3.
Church St.. near Market — A fine lot with Im-
provements; 25x125.
$S0O0— Fillmore st., near Haight: 4 fine, nearly
new tlats; lot oOxSO: rent SG5.
$5;0— A pick-up; only a few blocks from Straw-
berry Hill: a N. W. corner; 82:6x100 feet.
$3000 each— 4 splendid lots. 25x90 each, on Thir-
teenth (formerly Rtdley) s,t.. Just west of Va-
lencia.
$UC0 each— 5 lots. 23x70 each, on Clinton Park,
west of Valencia st.
{340O — Rent $30; a splendid piece of business
property; store and dwellinz: lot 2ox75.
PARK LOTS— AN EAST METHOD TO
GET ONE.
On installments— $15 down and $5 per month;
price |150; park lots 25x120 feet each: well lo-
cated: only 5 blocks from the park and 4 blocks
from the boulevard.
FOR SALE BT ~
HAWKS & SKELTON.
323 Montgomery st.
Pee these fine views along Hyde-st. cars.
{12.000 — Northeast corner Hyde and Francisco
sts'.: 137x137; fine view of bay; Hyde-st. cars:
buy now while you can get It cheap.
$6500— NW. cor. Hyde and Filbert sts.: «0xl37;
fine site for building; Hyde or Union st. cars.
$2500— SE. cor. Larkln and Filbert sts.; 41x62;
pretty site for home or flats; view of bay.
S15.0C0 — SW. cor. Green and Leavenworth sts.;
137x137; good dwelling: handsome grounds;
superb view all around: easy of access from
Union or Hyde st. cars.
$2750— Nice house; Hartford st., near Castro
and Twentieth; 6 rooms and bath; mortgage
{1S00 can remain: get In a home for {330 cash.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery sC
FOR sale— Two new houses on Carl st, near
Stanyan, on liberal terms; owner on prem-
lses. ;
A FINE modern hotel. 40 rooms; bar. dining-
room, halls; furniture best; near city: popular
family resort; nice grounds, large treea;
splendid fishing, hunting; on R. R. station,
country road, grand view; buildings and all
{12.000: will exchange. GERMAN-AMERI-
CAN, 34 Kearny st.
ALL sorts of financial problems solved by H.
MURPHY. 630 Market st.; second mortgages,
estates, etc.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — KOK SALE.
FOR RALE BT
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
$109.000— Pays almost 5 per cent net; cloae to
Union Square; 50-vara size; should be im-
proved.
GRAND BUSINESS CORNER.
$:o,000— Rent tlTO; Mis-iion-st. corner; three
frontages; well improved; street work com-
plete: steady tenants.
RARE CHANCE.
$19,000— Rent $1U7 per month: large lot. 40*105;
close to Geary and Taylor; J^,0"..O refused for
thi, .property.
SPLENDID FUTURE BUT.
$16,S00— Leased to one tenant for $120 a month;
j prominent Fourth-st. corner.
I $7500— Close to Park entrance: 30-foot corner
and two tine flats.
$12.000— Rent $1W: f.O-room hotel and lot, only
j 1H blocks from Call building.
DON'T MISS IT.
tSZZO— Rent $70; three fine fiats on Larkln st-,
near Sutter.
CHEAT SACRIFICE.
$4?:.O— Rent JW; store and flat, rented to one
tenant for i years: McAllister St., near Van
Ness ave.; easily -worth $t"joo.
OVER 12 PER CENT INTEREST.
I $4000— Rent |44 a month; store an.l flat; ad-
joining corner and car-crossing; never vacant.
-MUST SELL.
$12,000— Rent Q0S; three separate buildings ot
two flats; up to date; best part of M:ssic!n,
BL'KNHAM «c MARSH CO..
_j Montgomery St.
bargain:
4£Jo — $10i> cash; balance $o per month on in-
stallments; choice building lota on Elizabeth
St.. between Douglass and Hoffman ave. ; size
2.1x111: M blf>cic from electric cars: this loca-
tion is rupldly being built up by nice new
houses, and the lots offered are the cheapest
in the Mission, ready for building; will give
possession immediately; will arrange lo build:
Installment pavments if deslreii. Apply to
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery »t.
$16, COO— BUSINESS property: let 91xSo; old im-
provements; center of large business; $100,000.
gilt-edge business property: lot SlxlJO; corner
of 2 leading streets; part Improved: rentlnsr
$3C0 per month. L H. GOLDMETER. Real
Estate and Insurance Agent, 12JJ Green st.
COTTAGE for sale. 3C22 Pierce st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING*.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$350 to $SCO— Sunset lots; superb view of
ocean: graded and sewered; easy Installments.
$150 to $300— Choicest Richmond lots; $10
monthly.
$100 to $2T0— Level lots; near Mlsslon-st. car;
$5 monthly.
$C30 to tVXJf) — 4 and 5 room cottages In excel-
lent locations: near cars; payments same as
rent.
Call for Macs and Diagrams.
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BOTLDLNQ.
C. C BEMIS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer — Northeast corner Twenty-ser»nth
and Douglass sts. ; must be sold: 80x11* feet.
J1600— North line Carl St., near Stanyan; 25x
137:6 feet.
$2250 — A GOOD Investment; rents $29 the month:
Kausch, near Folsom: lot 20x112.
S225O— A sacrifice: lot 25x100; S rooms, bath
and high basement; Fourth ave., near Point
Lobos.
$2000— A good opportunity: Francisco, near
Stockton: 2-story. 7-room house an1 lot.
Apply R. McCOLGAN.
24 Montgomery st., room 3.
MUST be sold at once to close an estate; no
reasonable offer refused; lot 23xllO; house 9
rooms and bath: bitumen street: cemer.t side-
walk; Twentieth st.. near Guerrero. Apply
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room S.
$7000— A BARGAIN; three elegant modern flats;
lot 25x100; marine view; rents $S0 per month;
Jones, near Filbert. Apply R. McCOLGAN.
21 Montgomery St.. room 3.
$13.000 — FIXE Western Addition business corner
cn Ellis St.; 37^ feet frontage, rur.nins: to
rear street; rents $100; owner going to Philip-
pines: mortgage can remain; for a few days
only. SCOTT & HARRIS. 20 Post st.
$5150— RARE chance: Mason-st. corner: S-story
bay-wlr.dow building and 2-story buildlnx:
rent $83 per month: lot Zf>xS3:l!) with L; al-
ways rented. Inquire at 1011 Mason st,
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
building wrrk. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission Bt.
HEAL ESTATE COl.NTUY — For Sal*
ANNOUNCEMENT I
We desire to call the attention of Inten.-IIns
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
Income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of which are banlc
foreclosures, that we have for sale. Our Mr.
Bush, having had 40 years' knowledge and ex-
perience In the value of lands, and being
the owner of an Income-producing orchard
and vineyard, can Intelligently direct intend-
ing buyers to the best lands and bargains in
the State. Call or write for what you want
and state (1) the amount of money you wish to
Invest, (2) number of acres you prefer. (3) use
for which land is desired. (4) whether Im-
proved cr unimproved land Is desired. t5> lo-
cality preferred. (8) any further Information
that will enable us to understand your wants,
and we will then send you auch descriptions
only as will be of Interest to you. DAVID
BUSH, Country Department. G. H. UMBSEN
&.CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
sale: or exchange.
S5 acres in Castro Valley, near Haywards.
3130 apricots. 16?0 prunes. ISO Bartlett pears.
1060 cherries, 4C00 gooseberries, 25 acres la
currants; family orchard with fine Improve-
ments of every description: a beautiful and
profitable home: value. J30.000; will exchanga
for good Oakland property.
$2500 BELMONT. C5C0
Beautiful little place of Z acres about 10 min-
utes' walk from station of Belmont: all out
In fruit trees, lawn, flowers and shrubbery,
nice little house; summer houses; -windmill,
tank and tankhouse; for $2500.
J200O INVERNESS, MARIN COUNTY $XM
Nice little summer resort place with rustic
cottage of * rooms and bath; beautiful trees
and shrubbery: completely furnished: includ-
ing piano; everything as convenient as a city
house with about 2 acres of ground; price
$2000; photos at offlc*.
BEN LOMOND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
$2000— A beautiful little place of 2% acres with
river frontage; where there Is boating and
fishing; Joins the property of the Ben Lomond
Hotel; with a modern cottage of 10 rooms,
bath, hot and cold water; hard finish through-
out; « bedrooms, parlor, sitting-room, dinlrg-
room and kitchen; lawn, flowers and shrub-
bery; croquet grounds: ntce rowboat; beauti-
ful redwood and madrone treea; only {2000 If.
taken soon; photo at office.
SAN CARLOS.
$7500— Beautiful Improved place of 15 acres, i
acres of orchard; lawn, flowers and shrub-
bery; fine house of 12 rooms; modern Improve-
ments; good water; In the rear of Wellsley
Park, Joining the Hopkins property; nice
view; price $7J00; will sell or exchange.
FAIR OAKS.
A beautiful villa site of 1% acres with nice oak
trees on a corner In the Polhemus tract at a
bargain; also 40 acres on Selby lane, sur-
rounded by beautiful homes.
G H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
David Bush. Country Department.
A FEW BARGAINS
FROM MT TMMENSE LIST.
Just think of it! Only $18iO for 200 acres: good
pasturage, some cultivated; fenced; 1C00 cord*
oak: fine residence and barn; living creek and
several springs; Including stock, tools, etc.: in
: thickly settled district, 7 miles by county road
! from Naca; near school.
ONLT 13750 FOR
920 acres, 30 cultivated; 1C0 more could b#: bal-
ance wooded hill pasture; fenced In three fields;
complete set buildings; SO bearing fruit trees;
living creek; many springs: Includes 43 head
I stcck, poultry, vehicles, tools and household
i furniture; near Skag^s Springs. Sonoma County.
i A MIGHTY FINE RANCH.
1 123 acres; very choicest Xapa Valley loam;
! no waste; good fencing tnto several fields; all tn
crop: grand set buildings (cost fully COOO);
abundance water; bearing orchard, etc; adjoin-
ing railroad station; only S673O.
N. D. SICKELS
The Land Agent. 10 Geary st.
JIO'JO— FINE 20-acre ranch; level garden land;
good house; barn rail of hay; fine horse,
buggy; 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.:
fare SOc: mile to station.
Clearance sale: 50c on the $1: 23 fine Im-
proved farms in prices ranging from $1000 to
$20,000 each: they belong to a bank and ar*
ordered sold within sixty days at H appraised
value: easy terms; freight to S. F. tl a ton;
fare SOc. Call for full printed desert otlon.
$150 — Nice 10-acre home, on It. R. : nice land;
some oak trees; payable $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO.. €40 Market st.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo ave.. J miles
north of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land, by the acr*. $130 to $230. Call for
maps. etc.. on O. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. st.
FARM and city realty: gale or exchange. L. L.
M, SALSEL'RT. 433 Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale at a bargain— In Cottage Terrace,
within H "f rail* ot Stanford University, a
block 250x250; fenced, with variety of bearin<
fruit trees; also 2 cottages of 4 rooms each;
lots 37x113 at same place. Address S. g.
TOWNSEND. Palo Alto. Cal.. box 216.
For Additional Classified Advirtlsu.
meats See Page Thirty,HOTEL ARRIVALS,
PALACE HOTEL.
H Fenton. U S N
O C Wheeler & w,
Los Aneeles
C F Meyer. Bombay
Mrs Meyer, Bombay
B U Stelnman. Sacto
E II Clear. Dawson
W E German, Napa
Dr J G Thompson, Oak
G H Brown. Cleveland
B Mayas. Tacoma
A G Glassen. S Dfego
C A Whlttemeyer.India
L W BHnn & w, L An
C H McKevitt, 8 Paula
Mrs W H Moseley,
New Haven
Mrs W G Pennypacker,
Delaware
Miss H Pennypacker,
Delaware
S Hamburger, Ohio
H J Sewall. Sacto
E F Preston & w. Por
tola
Mtss Preston. Portola
Miss E Preston. Portia
Miss U Preston, Portia
E S Goram & w S Rsa
J Underwood. Chicago
Mrs C Zeltler. Denver
P Hlchborn. U S N
Mrs Hichborn, D C
B Bretherton. N Y
I Stern. New York
M A Cohen, New York
E J Mars, St Loula
Dr H G Bay I ess, L An
D XV Klrkland. L Ang
T L Liebls. L Anpelea
R II F Varlel. L Ang
T Macklernan. N Y
W Parker. L Angeles
Dr J II Llndsley, Mass
W C Rudd. Cleveland
H P W Cole, L Ang
L Lyons. Redlands
G E Crocker, Boston
D P Klmnsley & w.NT
J C McCall. New York
E R Perkins. Pa
W G Ganong, Ohio
J A Cisco & w. N T
Mrs C H Mathews,
Detroit
Mrs D A Freland, Ind
L von Rosenber*-, N Y
J A Blttel & w, Chgo
Mr Dolgoroukofl, St
Petersburg
J T Shaw, Portland
Dr B N Ward, U S N
C O Nelson, Pt Rlchmd
S A McKeon & w. LAn
F S Youne. L Angeles
F AW Dunn. Nevada
S H Black, Nevada
ORANT> HOTEU
E W Satellite. Cnico
G II Raton. Cal
Mrs J Taylor. Los Ang
G B McKee, San Jose
L A Phillips, Cal
H Rose, Stajiford
C Hacan. Silver City
G H Farnsworth, Brkly
A C Nahl, Berkeley
H L Warner. Loa Ang
A Smith, Stockton
R McNeil & w. Omaha
P B Gates, L A
M E Dailey, San Jose
W F Parker & w. L A
Mrs F H Bernard Cal
Jessie Bernard. Chlco
R C Rankln, Boston"
S C MofTatt, Portland
W A Velth, Fresno
C D Martin, Loe Ang
J W Roper, Chlco
W N Ketchum, Chicago
S S Holl, Sacramento
D H Balr. Sacramento
Q H Derbyshire, Ogden
W M Sims, Sacramento 1
F J Morrow, Seattle
E K Whiting, Denver
L Prague, Los Angeles
F T Simmons, Chicago
W Phenney, Redlands
H M Green, Long Bch
D W Herllhy, Los Ang
F Davidson, Danville
J A Herlan. Sn Ramon
A Weiler. St Louis
H Welxelbaum, N X
S Drolllnger, Cal
G K Harrison, Cal ":<¦¦'.'¦
J W Purkhlser, Los An
Mrs W Bryden, Canada
Mrs F England & son.
Amow River
H R Hay, Arizona
A B Long, Fresno
W H Cook, Los Ang
J W Bowen. Los Ang
J E Manlove & w, Cal
C B Drennan & wife,
Butte City
M Michael Cal
A de Rochbrune Jr. SJ
Dr E L Robertson. N Y
B Van Blarcom & w,
St Lou!s
A T Kerr & w, Chicago
C M Hoffman. Mo
CE Billings. St Paul
A T Hall & w, St Paul
J W Cook, Pac Grove
F Trenkow. Crockett
Miss M Brown, Cal
S A Loud. Cal
M E McGrath, Denver
U Hoffman. Martinez
A J Holcombe. Cal
M B Fassett, Los Ang
A J Gilbert & w, Stktn
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D Roberts, Llvermore
C H Ehlnn, Berkeley
F Doyle, Los Ang
D E Saunders, Stocktn
D Bird, Arcata
F J Jackson, Oakdale
W G Stone. Pa
W McCulloch. Phoenix
P J Sullivan, Sonora
G N Harmon, Sacto
J E Sloan & w, Cal
W II Jones. Sta Rosa
O Muller, National Cty
M J Farmer. Pt Monica
J F Coon, Mich
A D Porter, Los Ang j
H M Hayden & w. Colo
J B Glover & w, Cal I
P N Fitzgerald, Alaska'
W C Hill. San Pedro
O Bennett, San Pedro
L T Clemans, I— Ang
II H Hamlln. Los Ang
J Goble. Chlco
O D Wilson. Los Ang
O M Drews. Monterey
J L King & fm, 8 Dieg
Mrs Lowry, Sn Diego
J J McGree, Los Ang
D B Cunp, Los Ang
Mrs W T McLane, Cal
Mrs O J Llenan, Cal
F H Hapler. N Y
A McGlenn. Los Ang
j E E Deaver, J*odl
J E Hall. Santa Roea
H Fisher. Sacto
LATE SHIPPING _NTT_LLiaEN"O_.
BAILED.
. Saturday. May 19.
Stmr Centennial, Eneles, Seattle.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO-Salled May lJ-Br stmr Ener
gla. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 1»-Stmr
Alcazar.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 19— Stmr
Newburg:, hence May 15; stmr Coquille River
he-nce May 14. -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
BREMEN— Sailed May 1»-Stinr Barbarosa.
for New . York, via Southampton.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 1»-Stmr Etrurla.
from New York.
MOVILLE— Sailed May 1»— Stmr City of
Rome, from Glasgow, ¦, for New York.
... — — — — « ? » ' — :
It doesn't matter much. whether, a man
remains . a.' bachelor , or ; gets .< married In
.either case he is very apt to resnret It,
...''. ' • ¦ ' J -"
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
First Baptist. Eddy street, near Jones-
Rev. E. A. Woods.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third— Rev J
George Gibson.
First Congregational, corner Poet and Ma
son street*— Rev. George C Adams.
Third Congregational Fifteenth street be
tween Valencia and Mission— Rev. Alfred
• iiayley.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. PhillD
Coombe.
St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell streot — Rev. Father Prender
gast, V. Q.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St Mary's, Dupont and California ¦treats—
Paullst Fathers.
First Christian, Twelfth, street, near How
ard—Rev. F. S. Ford. /
Trinity, corner Bash and Gough streets —
Rev. Frederick W. dampen.
Simpson Memorial, corner Hafts and Bu
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
Grace M. E., corner Twenry-flrst and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Trinity Methodist, corner Market. Sixteenth
and Noe streets— Rer. Theodore H. Wood
ward.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E-. South San Fraa
clsco — Rev. Arthur Anderson.
Howard Street M. E., Howard street, be
tween Second and Third— Rev. John A. B.
Wilson.
First M. E. Powell street, near Washlns
. ton— Rev. W. S. Urmy.
California Street M. E., corner California
and Broderlck streets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
elxth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos avenue and Clement
street— Rev. A. E. TJlrlch.
Central Methodist, Mission street, between
Sixth and Seventh— Rev. S. D. Hutsla
plller.
Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
lano — Rev. 8. M. Woodward.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and
Geary ¦treeta— Rev. John Hemphlll,
First Preebyterlan. corner Van Nese avenue
and Sacramento street — Rev. R- MacKen
ele.
Memorial Presbyterian, Railroad avenue and
-Latona street— Rev. H. N. Bevler. %
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Pace and
Webster streets— Rev. K, H. Avery.
Stewart Memorial, Guerrero street, near
Twenty-third— R*v. W. E. Dugan.
First Unitarian, southeast corner Geary
and Franklin Btreets— ReT. Bradford
Leavltt.
Y. M. C. A.. Mason and Ellis streets— H.
J. McCoy, secretary. '
First Church of Christ, Sutter street, be
tween Kearny and Grant avenue— The
Bible and Science and Health. With Key
to the Scriptures.
Morning — Rev. Frower of Santa Clara wlH
preach. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— "The League of Pity Formed by
Christ." Evening— "The Open Door. A*
Seen by St. John."
Morning— "Blasphemy Against tha Holy
Spirit." Evening— Sermon by Rev. W. Q.
Puddefoot of Boston, Mass.
Morning — "Soul Lessons From Santa Crua
Mountains." Evening — "The New Birth."
as Illustrated from George Eliot la "Silas
Marner."
Morning— "Helping the Weak." Evening—
"Locking Unto Jesus."
Morning— "The Crown of Righteousness."
Evening— "If the Righteous Scarcely Bo
Saved."
Morning — Sermon at 11 o'clock mass by Rev.
Father Prendergast. Evening— Rev. Fath
er Karam will deliver the discourse.
Morning— Rev. Father Burkhard. 8. J., will
preach at 10:50 mass. Evening— Rev.
Father Calzla, 8. J.. will deliver the dis
course.
Morning— Sermon at 11 o'clock mass by on*
of the Father*. Evening— Sermon ana ves
pers.
Morning — "Reward." Evening — "Th» Law
In Commandments."
Morning— Preaching by th« pastor. After
noon—Sams.
Morninr— Preaching by Rev. Joha Pardaa
of Nevada. Evening— Preaching by Rsv.
M. H. Alexander of Oakland.
Morning— Preaching by th« pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Preaching.
Morning — Preaching by tha pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by Rev. C EL Winning
of Los Oatoa. Evening— Sermon.
Morning — Rev. E. F. Crown •will preach.
Evening — Services.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing—Same.
Morning — Sermon by the pastor. Evening —
Same.
Morning— "The Holy Spirit." Brenlng^
"Intemperance."
Morning— "A Goodly Band of Men." Even
ing—"Royalty's Restless Night and Busy
Morning."
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Preaching by th» pastor. Even
ing—Sams.
Morning — Services. Evening— 8a ma.
Morning— "Th» Crucified Savior." Erm
ine—"The Life Beautiful."
Morning — "Christian Gladness." Evening —
"How Big Is the World."
Morning— "The Intellectual Supremacy of
Jesus Christ." Evening— "Dallying With
Destiny."
Morning— Dr. Leavltt will preach oa "Sev
enty-five Tears of Unltarianlsm In Amer
ica."
Afternoon — H. W. Rosa. International eol
le«a secretary of the association, will de
liver an address to men.
Morning— "Ancient and Modern Necro
mancy: or. Mesmerism. Hypnotism,"
Independent Foresters.
At the meeting of Court Yerba Buena
Mo. 913 last Tuesday night the announce
ment was made that all arrangements
have been completed for the "ladies'
light" to be given in Eastern Hall of the
Shiels bulldingr on Tuesday evening next,
rhe committee has arranged an enter
.aining programme for that night.
The Oriental degree will be conferred
)n about forty candidates in Court Friar
Fuck on the night of the 31st inst. in its
nail in the Red Men's building. The ac
tive work will be by a team from Court
Seal Rock.
Court Southern Heights has removed
from the Potrero to a hall In the Shlels
Duilding. Last Monday night there was a
?ood attendance and an interesting meet
ing.
¦ ? ¦
Knights of the Maccabees.
During the past month San Francisco
rent No. 18 has added a number of mem
bers to its roll of membership, and the
Sioux and Apache teams are still at work
to introduce new members so as to get In
and win the dinner, which one of the
[earns will have to pay for. The .degree
:eam is perfecting Itself in the degree
work for the contest with the team of
Golden West Tent, which is to come off
n June. At the review of San Francisco
rent on the llth inst. the members, after
Dusiness. in a body called on Pacific Tent.
Golden "West Tent, at its meeting last
Fuesaay night, appointed a committee to
make arrangements for an> entertainment
:o be given in the near future. During
he evening four candidates were initiated
n a manner that was most admirable,
rhere was a good attendance of Sir
Knights, who, during tha good of the or
ier, were highly entertained.
Paciftfc Tent has come to the conclusion
:hat It' has the ritual down so fine that
t will challenge the winner of the con
:est between ban Francisco and Golden
West tents. 'v.y
« ? ¦
Ladies of the Maccabees.
Fraternal Hive of the Ladles of the
Maccabees on the evening of the llth inst.
entertained its members and friends at an
jpen meeting In Foresters' Hall. The hall
tvas prettily decorated with fernB. flow
;rs and the colors of the order. An In
teresting programme was presented, after
which there was dacing. During the even
ng the members of San Francisco and
Pacific tents paid a visit to the new hive
ind. were well received.
Knights of Golden Eagle.
Deputy Supreme Chief W. O. MactJou
rall" having granted a dispensation to ad
mit strangers at a low rate, there has
aeen quite a boom in the several castles
n this city. California Castle will on the
!th of June have fifteen strangers to ini
tiate.
Dr. Tuggle has been appointed examln
ng physician In place of Dr. Happersber
jer, absent on vacation.
TV. 0. Macdougall, D. S. C. and Grand
Master of Records Hanna will leave for
\u000b In a few days to arrange for the
rormation of a new castle there. Califor
lla Castle will celebrate its sixteenth an
niversary in July by a grand ball.
Many members of the order have Joined
the death benefit fund, which is attract
ing a great deal of attention.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Grand Protector Whitton will shortly
mnounce the standing committees for the
:urrent year and the names of the depu
tes for the various lodges.
Mrs. Emma Quitzow haa been quite ac
:ive of late, -having within a short period
introduced five strangers into the order
ind had them initiated.
The grand secretary is having the pro
ceedings of the last held Grand Lodge
session printed.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
The picnic committee of the Ancient Or
ier of Foresters has completed all its ar
rangements "for a good time by the An
:ient Order of Foresters and Companions
>f the Forest" at the picnic to be given
n Schuetzen Park on the 30th inst. The
:ommlttee has secured a large number of
jate and game prizes.
«£ new court to be known as Social No.
>S67 will be instituted by High Chief
Ranger Boehra with forty charter mem
bers at the Potrero within two weeks. It
was organized by H. Turiely. John Carson
ind;F. Wilson.
Next Thursday Court Duncan Peak will
bold an open meeting at Hopland, when
D. M. Goldarcerena will deliver an ad-
Jress, as will also High Sub-chief Ranger
I. B. Sanford. Court Kensington will ini
:iate fifteen candidates at its next meet
ng. Court Victor initiated six last Thurs
lay and Court Star of the Mission re
:eived six applications at its last held
meeting. Court Santa Amanda will give
its first party In Foresters' building on
-he 23d Inst.
— « m ¦
united Artisans.
San Francisco Assembly No. 200 of the.
United Artisans gave an invitational so
cial and dance in Pythian Castle on th«
llth inst., at which there was a large and
select audience. The committee of ar
rangements, J. G. Kohler, F. Koch, Wil
liam W. Willis, Mrs. M. E. Warner and
Mrs. N. Abrams. presented a well ar
ranged and interesting programme, tha
numbers being between dances. The mas
ter artisan, Mrs. M. E. Warner, presided.
Those who contributed to the enjoyment
of the evening were: Clara L. Atkins.
Mrs. N. Abrams, District Grand Master
Willis. Professor Calderwood and J. O.
Kohler. This comparatively new organi
zation that is In this city proposes to cut
a figure in the fraternal field here.
Knights of Honor.
Last week Grand Reporter Johnstons
visited the lodge in Sacramento, on which
occasion seven candidates were Initiated.
There were many present and a pleasant
evening was spent.
Last week Ivy Lodge gave a smoker at
20 Eddy street. There was a good pro
gramme, and a result of the meeting was
the presentation of several applications.
Friends of the Forest.
Last Monday night there was a good at
tendance of the membership of Lincoln
Lodge in its hall in the Odd Fellows*
building. This lodge has weekly a larger
attendance of members than any other
subordinate body working in the samo
lines of fraternity. This comes from tha
fact that the members and officers have
liscovered the art of making meetings in
teresting, having a combination of busi
ness with social entertainment that makes
the lodgeroom a desirable place to go to
During the evening after the initiation ot
a young lady there was a short pro
gramme of musical and literary numbers
by the members.
¦ « ? ¦
American Guild.
At th© meeting of San Francisco Chap
ter, of the American Guild last "Wednes
day night it was decided to hold meetings
during the summer months only on th«
third Wednesday of each month, as many
of the members are of the class who
spend the summer season in the country.
At the next meeting there will be intro
duced a resolution or amendment to tha
by-laws imposing a penalty upon those
who shall absent themselves two success
ive meetings.
! A new chapter will be Instituted in this
city, possibly during the first week in
June. It is to be composed In the mala
of members of another fraternal associa
tion that has not attached to it a mortu
ary beneficiary feature. That will then
make two chapters in this city and one
each in the following places: Watsonville
Tomales, Los Angeles, Mill Valley. Berke
ley and Los Gatos.^
Royal Arcanum.
Grand Regent L. A. Spencer on last
Monday paid an official visit to Argonaut
Council. He will visit Golden West Coun
cil to-morrow night. On the 2Sth he will
visit San Francisco Council, and on the
4th of June he will be with Buena Vista
Council.
'Past Regent George W. Dixon of this
city, representative from California to
the Supreme Council, left for Montreal.
Canada, last week.
. _ _
An Intelligent Kentucky Hen.
Several days ago Dr. Alvey of Waverly
drove to Morganfleld In a buggy. Upon
his arrival here he discovered that oneof
his hens had ridden all 'the way with him
In the back end of the buggy. The doctor
had to go further down the road so ha
"shooed" the hen out of the vehicle and
left her there. Dr. Alvey was gone all
that day and nlffht and' a part of the next
The hen In the meantime found her wav
to Jailer Snodgrass' chicken coon when*
she spent the night. When Dr Alvev r«
turned to Morganfleld the next day he put
his horse In Payne & Xeal's livery stable
and of course the buggy belonging to tha
medicine man was only one of a larga
number about the stable. But strangef to
say. that old hen seemed to know when
the doctor returned, and with a remark
his buggy, got back Into her place and
to start »»<* *£_
The natives of South Africa har. • ~,
rious method of seUing thel* f^prSl
stores; one will have a single m-k In hu
MiM&^ aauft
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY 20, 1900.
30
U— AL ESTATE — COUNTRY For SaU
FINE improved ranch of _ » acres; for eale
cheap; on account of old ago. For further
particulars call 410A Bay St.. from 6 to 8 p. ra.
MUST BE BOLD
TO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP.
17 ceres choice land in Eonoma Countr. unim-
proved; also 10 acres, with about 11 acres
yours crchar^ Sowing well, small house and
burn, rood f«»ees. chicken houses, etc; will
t-e'.l Fcparat'ly or together. Apply (forenoon)
Owner. SB Eighth et.. city.
WILL SELL OR EXCHANGE.
10 acres; £50 peach. AM almond. 100 prune
tree*: larpt> crop fruit goes with place; 7-room
modern cottage; Ftsble; sood well with horee-
powf:; $41.00; ftZM mortfrai^e: exchange for
Oak'.RixS property. SALSBURT. 469 Ninth St.,
Oakland.
T27W — DESIRABLE country home; 20 acres
rholce»t fruit land; 1600 almond and 50 select
fruit trees, 5 to 6 years old; new hard-Sntsh*l
reMflence; fcarn; other bldg?; new windmill;
M_od: desirable neighborhood; by rail 1H hrs
fpr-ra P. F. 32 San Pablo «\-e.. Oakland.
KILL VALLEY HEAL ESTATE.
r.OSS Valley lots— 60x100, »C0, or larger pieces
In proportion : Son nofaei water ey«tem; fine
view; eprlr.kJed roods; f. minutes' walk from
new station of Kent. 10 rrJ'.nutes from Ross
Ftatlon; filer and all trains stop at these sta-
tions'. Apr'*)' P. ROSS, Kent Station, or G H.
6TANTAN, £1 Market St.. ean Franclsoo.
I.:;:.:. Volley hous« and lot cheap, on account
of ceparture. Box 420, Call office.
R_ AL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — To purchase lot In Rich— ead for
cash. Box 2S03. Call office.
HOOMS FUR 11 OUS-K__FI.\G.
AT £2 Second — Double and housekeeping rooms.
SI lit to JJ, alcgl*. 11 to 71 60; day, I&c up.
BAKER 2110— Upper fls>cr; Z sur.ny rooms, bath;
completely furr.Uhed; reaso— - bie; references.
HUSH. 14C8, near Van Ness— Thre* rooms fur-
nished for hcueekeeplng.
BL'SH. 2128—1 furnished sunny front rooms for
tight housekeeping; adults only.
CALIFORNIA. £32. near Powell— Lovely fur-
nte!;ed rooms: pnvil«g« light housekeeping.
CL.AT, H21. near Flllmore — 2 large unfurnished
roorr.s; yard; water; rear; rent $7.
EDDY, £26 — Two or three sunny rooms for light
hGUFekeeplcc; eineJs room, also; private fam-
ily.
J.I.L.IS, SIS— Nicely furr.'.ehed sunny rooms for
he— — :«p_f;; also ether rooms.
FIFTH, STS-2 furclshed for housekeeping. $13; 1
with double bed. *T; single. $5.
FII1ST, 230 — 4 rooms lor housekeeping; rent
low; business location.
FLOOR of three BBfun__ed rooms. Address j
X. A., box 2111. Coll office. j
FT'LtOM. £15 — Lorse. suncy rurartshed room; I
light housekeeping; $1 £0 weekly.
FOLSO2C, CO— Nice housekeeping rooms" far
fa::.:;ite; large grounds for children.
VO— 3OSCj 773H — Front su't. with housekeeping
priviieg-ee It desired. $10 per month; private.
i.X)LSOM, fSi — 2 BJQBB7 connecting rootns; stove-;
closet; bath; private; $10; also 1 other, $5.
FOURTH. _5— Ftimlshea rooms for light house-
keeping; l'so str.s'ie rooms.
GZART, 4CS— Three cicely furnished rooms;
rent pi
GEART, 1S05— 8 sunny connecting rooms, neatly
furnished; gas range: bath; run. water: tit.
G. G. ave., ES4 — Parlor floor for 5 adults; piano;
thoroughly renovated; also single; bath; yard.
GOLHEN GATE, Gl— One large unfurnished
room, $7 tO; also 1 furnished room, $8.
EARE1SON, 721 — Four rooms, furnished com-
rlete for housekeeping; large yard; bath;
:«r.t $16.
HOWARD, £14— Large housekeeping room, with
a large closet.
HOWARD, S3* — Large, tusny parlors, complete
lioust kpeplcg, t2; suites, SIC.
KEABNT. — S. n?ar Sutttr— A front suite. $11;
gat, Janitcr Ben-ice free. Apply IS Grant ave.
LAHKIX. S04 — Lore* eunny bock room; fur-
nished for life'ht housekeeping; F7.
MARTHA t, cfT Geary, near Mascn— Floor 4
l_fui___i roorr.s; no children; reasonable.
MIN'NA. 2S — Housekeeping; cJso single rooms.
I'.t and I: per week.
J.IIFSION, 1121— Nice housekeeping rooms; clean;
cheep; suite or rlng'.e; no objection to chil-
dren.
OAK. C4 — Euncy rooms; suitable fcr housekeep-
ing.
OAK, ::>— 2 gur.r.y clean roirr.s furnished fcr
bopttatptay; y_ 'd, tain, r_ ig*; eeparate en-
trance; $30.
OCTAVIA. IC3 B — Five well-furnished, eunny
rfonif; ba.th. gas and coo Ictoves; $21 50.
O'FAKRELL. 7*2-3 nicely furnlnshed house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor, $1S, $20.
PLEASANT. 28. bet. Taylor and Jon»s. near
•-ley — A eunny bay-window suite; light house-
keep— d bath: gas.
POST, C11V4— Nicely furnishes roots s; single cf
cuite; just renovated; eunny.
POWELL. 1401 — 2 or S large eunny rooms, con-
nected; housekeeping; sink; gas; bath.
BOOTY, 1723— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; UEe of bath; $S or $10 month.
6IIOTWELL, 217 — Two or three eunny conneet-
lng rooms fcr housekeeping; gas and b&th.
6HOTWEI—.. 218— Two furnished housekeeping
rocir.f; use cf bath.
EIXTH, 6C1, rear— 3 large unfurnished eunny
housekeeping rooms; cellar; water: rent fi.
EO'TH PARK, VJ — One or two nicely furnished
ho-js^kefping rooms; very reasonable.
FTEVENSON. 642, bet. 7th and 8th— 2 furnished
ho-j?* keeping rooms; bath; central.
TLT.K. 613 — S housekeeping rooms. JIB; or 2
for $7.
TT'niC, t43— Lere-e front room, complete for
houf keeping; gas ar.3 bath; $2 10 per week.
rWEXir-SIXTH, SCOI— I unfurnished connect-
ing bay-wlnfiow rooms.
THHEE to five eleg_itly furnished housekeep-
ing room*; all conveniences; rent reasonable.
Addrryg LOUIS KUH. 926 Valencia ft
VAN NESS ave., 43 — Bunny front rooms fcr
houFekeeplr.r, S1J 50 to $18: also single rooms
lor gentlemen. $6 to JS; also for lady and gen-
tleraan, $i!> to $14.
VAX NESS ave., SD>— Nice gunny double par-
lors, complete for housekeeping; use of laun-
dry and other rooms; storeroom to rent.
WrriiSTER, 1SC3— 2 rooms or entire floor, ele-
gant and completely furnished for house-
keeping; private family; reasonable.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. — 00 Flllmore et.
_ BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beea established at lftS Va-
rar.ela fit.
ROOMS TO LIST Porn, and Lnfnrn.
A— BRUNS"WICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 24 to $5 per week, and
light hougekeepiEg: open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," 224 Bush st.. ad-
joining the liuss Hotel; y. rooms; all prices.
BANCROFT. 14 Turk— Changed hands: well fusj
_ni£hed rooms; offices; suite, single; $8, $20 mo.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post. cor. Etkn.— Single and corl
sunny suites; finest is c.ty; c... c water; cam
r-ass door; elevator; tourists accommodated.
BURNETT. 1418 Market et. (old No. 1344)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, £32~ near Powell— Low rent;
fninny rooms; handsomely furnlehed.
CARROLTON. 1256 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave— Sunny corner; well turn.; rms. & offices.
EDDY, 30&— Pleasant nicely furnished rooms;
lodging roomt; also housekeeping rooms.
KDDT, 471— Large, pleasant, sunny room; two
closets, water, gas; low rent.
CLL1S. tit — Handsome front alcove; pleasant
;.-arlorg; also large and single room.
ELLIS. El*— Front euite. beautifully furnished •
cl go ether elegaot rooms; reasonable.
ELIZABETH. 12. near Guerrero— £ furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent J15.
FELL, 26— A eunny front room, running water
two lanre closets; also other rooms.
FOLSOM, 9C5. corner Sixth— Suite of t elegant
eunrjy corner rooms, suitable for doctor.
FOLSOM. 8€8. cor. 6th <The Oliver)— Newly fur-
nished punny rooms, single or suites ; reaaonbl.
FOLBOM. 1025— Sunny parlor suite; Columbia
suuare at foot of Etoirs; $15; private.
GEART, 405 fThe Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or elnsrie; travelers accom'dated.
GEART. 616— Large pleasant room; running
water; pas; bath; $8.
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Nicely furnished sunny
front room: gentleman; private; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 152«— J unfurn. front rms.;
furn. kitchen, stove, sink, closets, both; $10.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies" parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7S1 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; tl to to <6 per week.
HARRISON, 7S4H. ne«" Fourth— Finely fur-
nished cunr.r rooms; bath] all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week ua
ROO3IS TO LET — Forn. and Dnfarn
HAYES. 136, cor. Van Ness— Sunny side room
neatly furnished ; suitable for gentleman
rent $5 per month or $1 2S per week.
HOTEL Francisco— Elegant suites; single: tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor
HOWARD. E21H— Nicely furnished rooms; sJbc
housekeeping; rent reasonable. =L-r .•
HOWARD. £29— Rooms from $1 week up to $3;
£5c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
JESSIE, 465— Large sunny furnished room; pri-
vate family.
JONES. 1705— Four nice, sunny rooms and bath;
grand marine view; $H, •
MASON. 213^4— Nicely furnished front iruite. hot
and cc!d water; also single rooms $1 60 up.
MCALLISTER. 761— A suite of nicely furnished
rooms In private family.
MINNA, €67. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient,
MONTGOMERY St., 1030 — Large cor. sunny room
nicely furnished, Eultable for two persons;
also single front room; rent $5 and $7 pet
month; use piano.
N ATOM A, J46— Furnished rooms; slngl* rooms,
| $3; double rooms. $5 per month.
OAK, ISS — Large furnished front sunny room;
1 or I persons; private family: gas; bath.
Cf FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electrlo lights; day, wk.. mo.
PINE, 1800 — £ or t unfurnished sunny corner
basement rooms; sink; range; yard; reasonab.
POST. 23 »— Finest transient rooms In _« city;
hot and cold water; elevator.
POWELL. Ill — Light, clean, comfortable rms.]
suites or singles; running water; gas; reaa.
ROSEDALE House. 311 and !!1 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night. 85c to $1; week. $1 £6 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOITBE. 128^ Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, amoklng room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night. S6o t» $1 60; week, $2
to $«; month, $8 to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. tS Eirhth st.
near Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
TAYLOR. 818— Elegantly fumlshad parlors; run
all day; rent cheap; also single rooms, $6 up.
TEHAMA. J08. near 4th— Nicely furnished
eunny rooms; rent cheap; quiet nousa.
THE OAKS, 119 Third — A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
$7 MONTH— Sitting room and bedroom; use of
kitchen: furnished; eunny. Box 2394, CalL
$12— MISSION. 1116. near 7th— S or S nicely fur-
¦ nlshed front eunny rooms; housekeeping if
c>*'red.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; $25 up.
HAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms, with board for i.
$40 per month; also parlor suite for 2, $60.
HOTKL Sutherland, cor. Jones and Sutter Bts. —
Pleasant sunny single rooms and suites, with
beard; first-class, with every convenience.
LAS PALM AS. 1S20 Market St.— Suite of J or 3
rrr.». : private: bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
NEW family hotel; exceptionally good In every
particular; summer rates. 807 California et.
PRIVATE family; large, refined home; cars or
walking distance; J2J single. $40 couple; no
children: gente only: reference required. A.
B.. box tlOS. Call of flee.
VAN NESS ave., 944 (The Wallsc*)— Rooms and
board; furnished and unfurnished; $10.
ROOMS AAD DOARD WASTED.
WANTED — Place for little boy, age 7, to board
and attend school : $6. Address box 2382.. Call.
ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG lady wants cunny room, with privilege
of cooking; $7; central. Box 2391, Cal! office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester's English Pennroyal Pills
are the best; Eafe. reliable: take no other:
oerid 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
ladles" In letter by return mall; at drug-
glgts. Chlohester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections mode;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montiromery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWI.VG MACHIXES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, rold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. gOT. Fourth st.
•STABLES TO LET.
STABLE, 9 stalls, large loft, water and jraa.
plenty room for wagons, rent 116. at 1S33 Fol-
som ft: Apply at office. 1331 Foieom et.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Pott «t., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 2SL
SUBURBAN PROiERTY.
FOR rent — Furnished cottage. Belvedere: five
rooms; modern conveniences; piano. Address
MRS. EDN'A TAYLOR. Belvedere.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINs'l>r^rTPEWRITERS^We
eell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. S36 California, telephone Main 26S.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
Intention to change principal place of busi-
ness — Notice Is hereby given that In pursuance
to the written tsonsent of more than two-
thirds <2-J) of the capital stock of th» Ro-
wardent— n Improvement Co.. a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed In the office of said cor-
poration, it Is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change Its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomcnd, In the county of Santa Cruz,
Stale of California, said removal or change
to take effect immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, California, this 3d dsy cf Mav A D
1500. -ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON. Secretary.
BANKRUPT eale^ — Groceries, wines, liquors
wagon, cart, harness, etc. For particulars
apply to H. L. SMITH, secretary Board of
Trade of San Francisco, 802 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEIJA REAL ESTATE.
JUST like paying rent.
$350— € rooms; modern house.
$1000— 5-room house; large lot.
$1800— 6-room, 2-story house; large lot.
J2000 — 6 rooms; modern cottage.
J27."* — 8-room house; modern.
All the above are near station* and schools
and can be bought on any terms.
Chicken ranch, 3 acres, right at Frultval e,
cheap; exchange for San Francisco property;
new. modern 6-room cottare; Morton-st. sta^
tion. 20 Post st., 8. F.; 1500 Pork st.. Ala-
meda.
$1325— LOT 60x150, north side Alameda ave.,
near Grand st.
$1500 — Cottage, B rooms; on Pearl «t. ; lot
£5x100.
J16.000— For exchange for country property;
house of IS looms, outbuildings; lot 1S0x25O.
$4500— Water front lot 1&6x200.
E. D. JUDD & CO..
1424 Park st.. Alameda-
FOR sol« In Alameda — A neat new modern cot-
tagv of C rooms, bath and ball. Including
street Improvements, gas and cement side-
walks; Iron railings; the house was built to
eult owner; basement well cemented; would
be a pleasant skating room for children ; also
plastered ceiling; best locality in town; garden
and lawn: terms to suit bujer: house can be
eold furnished or unfurnished. Apply 1710
Grand et., Alameda; broa£gauge Grand-st.
station.
$1400— FTJRNISHJED 5-room cottage; largo lot.
Box 23SS, Call office.
$1000— COTTAOE 4 rooms. S In basement, lartre
lot: 5S650, a fine house of 8 rooms and bath,
now building In center of Alameda. EO-ft. lot.
J. H. YOUNG, owner and builder, 1243 Park.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TP let to party of grown persons cheap. 4
larre rooms, bath and pantry; all In No. 1
condition; kitchen partly furnished. Inquire
of WM. 1IORST. cor. Santa Clara ave. and
Ninth »t. « -
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO lease, six months or less— Completely fur-
nished; ten rooms, bath, large grounds; best
part Alameda: three minutes from Morton
station. 1727 Enclnal ave.. Alameda.
FURNISHED houses from $25 to $U0; can «utt
all classes. K. D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st..
Alameda. • .,
ALAMEDA COTTAGE WANTED.
WANTED— A furnished modern cottage In good
location In Alameda for the summer. Ad«
dress C. 8, HANSEN, 104 Geary *U
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IMPORTANT announcement— The new build-
ings on the famous "Benard Plans" are to
be commenced within 6 months. If you Intend
to buy In beautiful Berkeley at all you had
better not delay selecting your lot; prices will
positively advance. About one-half of the
famous "Hlllegass Tract" has been sold. 27
houses have been erected and "still there's
more to follow." Every lot has a depth of
159:6 feet v
Every lot has a perfect grade.
Every street is sewered, gTaded and macad-
amized.
Every lot Is within 10 minutes' walk of the
railroad station.
Every lot is within 10 minutes' walk of the
University grounds.
Every lot Is !>o situated that you can see
from It the Golden Gate and railroad mole,
and no steep hills to climb, and every lot Is
for sale by MASON & McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
WITHIN 2 blocks of the university and In the
choicest part of "Beautiful Berkeley"— Nearly
new house of 9 rooms; large lot; street work
all done; only 2 blocks from Telegraph-ave.
electrlo railroad.
Apply to MASON & MoLENATHEK,
Adjoining P. O., Berksley.
BEST BERKELEY BARGAINS.
$1250— 60x130; neat 4-room cottage; convenient
to electrlo cars and Dwlght way station.
S1400 — 50x120; fine lot; house ( rooms, bath,
pantry, etc; flna garden and fruit trees; 1100
cash, J15 per month.
*1800— €0x130; very tasty and neat; new mod-
ern cottage; right at station; I finished and t
unfinished rooms.
Eight new, strictly up-to-dota houses, now
finishing; oholoe of 6 locations; all deslrabl*; S.
I and T rooms; $2000 each; easy terms.
H. D. IRWIN, R. R. Waiting Room,
Lorln Station.
Open Sundays.
S2000 — NEW 6-room oottage ; all modem Improve-
ments; lot 46x125; porcelain bath, tiled sink;
sta. tubs; 1 and S blocks to train and electrlo
cars; 1 at Golden Gate, 1 at Adeline, 1 at Lo-
rln. 1 at Ashby ave. and 1 at Dwlght way,
only 1100 down. bal. same aa rent; $20 per mo..
Including Interest. W. C MORAN.
$S50-J50 CASH. bal. HO per mo.; cor. lot, 40x100;
4-room cottage, hard-finished rooms, all pa-
pered. W. C. MORAN, Lorln Sta., Berkeley.
A RARE CHANCE^ ~~
11260 — Two-story house, T rooms; corner lot 48x
120: two blocks from Lorln station; {350 cash
down, balance a flat loan; has to be sold at
once. Call at C. NAMANNT. Lorln Station.
$300— LOT 40x120: on Shattuck ave.. near Alca-
troz ave.; $25 down, balance In Installments.
C. NAMANNT, Lorin Station.
C. C. BE— IS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. S24 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley — Corner lot 87x160, with modern
house of 9 rooms.
$3500— To dose estate; .corner lot 116x180; hi
Berkeley; near Ashby Station and 1 block
from streetcar line; with Improvements,
houee S rooms and bath; large barn, wind-
mill and tank. Address EDWARD HOEOB-
MAKN, executor, or H. A. POWELL, attor-
ney, C15 Safe Deposit bldg, Ban I-Yancisco.
$3700— LOVELT 7-room new house, close to uni-
versity; on Improved street. O. G. MAT &
CO., Berkeley station.
$SEOO — FINE 8-room colonial house In the beau-
tlful Scenic Park; large lot O. Q. MAT & CO.
HOUSES to rent, furnished or unfurnished, for
the summer or by the year. O. G. MAY & CO.
BEE our choice lot« In the choicest part of
town — the Scenlo Park and Hillegass tracts —
north and south of the collegre grounds. O.
G. MAT & CO., Berkeley Station.
THOROUGHLY well furnished house, in tha
very best port of Berkeley, to rent for 6
months: references required. Apply to MA-
EON & McLENATHEN, adjoining: P. O.,|
Berkeley Station. \
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRDITVALE RE AL —STATE.
ONX.T J400 FOR A HOME.
ONLY S400 FOR A HOME.
ONLT $400 FOR A HOME.
ONLT $400 FOR A HOME.
Come to-day If you want It; it won't last long.
Easy terms If desired.
FOREST PARIC TRACT.
Only a few minutes from the station.
H-acre lots. H-acre lots. %-acre lots.
Special sale for next two days.
They are going fast, -and you will miss the
chance of a lifetime if you don't come quick. If
you wont a desirable place for a home; only a
few of choicest lots left. >
In a millionaire' 8 district at a worklngman's
price.
Lots 75 feet deep and any frontage desired; all
etreets graded; water piped to every lot; In
Fruitvale sanitary district; over 4000 forest and
fruit trees on this tract; a good speculation if ,
you do not want a home; we build to suit you;
title guaranteed; close to car and transportation
lines.
$300— Lots 50x175; choicest part of Frultvale;
bearing fruit trees on the property.
$600 — Lot 10Oxl7B: fine place for chickens.
$€0O — 4-room cottage and lot; eaey terms.
$S50— 4-room cottare and lot; easy terma.
$1100—3 chicken ranches, new and complete In
every detail: easy terms.
Lots of others at .various prices.
MONEY TO LOAN,
FLAT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Frultvale office, half a above Frultvale
station.
FOR SALE BY H, A. PLEITNER.
$550 — House of 4 rooms and basement, large
chicken house, good well and pump; lot tOxllO;
$100 cash, balance on your own terms.
$750— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement: fruit
treee, etc.; lot £0x110; $100 cash, balance $12 per
month.
JSSO — House of 5 rooms, hard finished; large
barn, chicken houses, good well and force
pump; lot 40x150; eaey terms If desired.
$1100— Bay-window cottage of 3 large rooms
and basement, stable and pigeon houses; lot
90x117; all fenced.
J12W>— House of 8 rooms, high basement, all
floored; stable, chicken houses, good well and
pump; corner lot, 170x150; all fenced.
$1500— Modern cottage of 6 rooms and bath
stable and chicken houses; choice fruit trees In
bearing; lot 100x100; all fenced; see this for a
bargain.
tlSOO— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement
stable and chicken houses ; lot 107x260, all fenced
$2650— Half -acre lot with cottage of 7 rooms
and bath, mantel, basement, stable, chicken
houses, fruit trees, fine artesian well, windmill
and tank: located in the best part of Fruitvale
J3000— Modern 1',4-story Colonial style residence
of 8 rooms and bath, fine mantel, nickel plumb-
Ing, gae, etc.; large lol; splendid location; only
blocks from local train. For particulars aDDly
to H. A PLEITNER, Frultvale Station. Cal.
SAN LEANDKO REAL ESTATE.
$4000— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage barn
etc., near Ban Leandro. FRANK & MCCAR-
THY. Ean Leandro.
J4000— ORCHARD of 5 acres, with cottage, born
etc.. near San Leandro. FRANK & MCCAR-
THY, San Leandro. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND R_ AL ESTATE.
$50 CABH, $10 monthly; lot 100x256 feet; will
build you a cottage, 8. 4 or 6 rooms, all com-
- plete; payment as cheap tent; land level and
rich soil; climate the best and grand view; no
fogs nor raw winds here; you can have ele-
vated or valley land; near a 80-foot-wlde boule-
vard and electric car line; not far from a fine
school; Westall Tract, adjoining East Oak-
land; building up rapidly; select rabbltry and
extensive poultry plant now located here; call
or send for circular;" 465 Seventh St., near
corner Broadway, Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
$1060— STORE and 4 rooms, with lot. well lo-
cated, for business; property worth $1500. Ap-
ply quickly to ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
$600 TO loan on pianos, furniture, eto. ALDEN
CO.. 1118 Broadway.
J2500— NEW 7-room resldenco modern, and cor-
ner lot; well located, Berkeley; easy terms
and a bargain; rent or sal* by ALDEN CO..
1U8 Broadway.
TWO 6-room modern houses; new; up to date
In every respect: In best residence district of
city; $2000 each on terms to suit.
Four elegant flata In residence district, pay-
Ing 9 per cent on Investment; bargain.
Fine building lots on Telegraph ava. and
Grovo st.
Fine residence at Piedmont, clear of en-
cumbrance, valued at $10,000, to exchange for
stock ranch In Sonoma or Contra Costa Co.
$3500 worth of clear unimproved lots for
rniall ranch In Contra Costa County; will pay
In $2000 in cash If necessary. Apply to
CROURKB & JACKSON,
10O2 Broadway.
2 LOTS: Grove Bt., near I2d; cheap. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
10 ACRES nice bearing orchard below San Jose;
$2250- no buildings; fine fruit. C. IC KING,
802 Broadway, Oakland.
$1000 FOR 6 1-8 acres; Walnut Creek. Contra
• Costa County; house; born; -1-acre orchard
C. K. KING. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
500—160 ACRES near Uklah, Sonoma County;
house; some land cultivated; 25 acres cleared.
C. K. KING. 902 Broadway/Oakland. ,'
ORCHARD in pretty Elmhurst. cut- In lot*
40x120 to an acre; $125 per lot and up. 8ALS-
BURY. 459 Ninth st; Oakland. -
I FOR sale at great bargain— Beautiful Oakland
residence. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 64G Market.
BLOCK 64, must be sold, near I3d ave., 17th st.
East Oakland; a rare chance for a block pur-
chaser. SAMUEL SWIFT, 11_ East Six-
teenth st.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
£ A gLAND REAL ESTATE
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE •
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION
SATURDAY, JUNE 2D, 2 p.m., at Salesroom,
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
460 and 462 Eighth Bt., Oakland.
__ EXECUTOR'S SALE.
The following, subject to confirmation of
court: ¦
e NO. 1.
btarr estate— Southeast corner Fifth ave. and
E. Tenth st. ; elegant (Starr) residence; 13
rooms; furnace; stable; lot 125x140. or 300x140;
location choicest in East Oakland.
No. 2.
FINE RESIDENCE LOTS.
Adjoining above, NE. corner Fifth avo. and
H. Ninth st.; Clinton station; opposite elegant
mansion of W. S. Qoodfellow; in 4 subdivis-
ions, 87% and 50x140 each.
No. 5.
' EXECUTOR'S SALE.
Waters estate— SW. corner Tenth and Webster
sts.; 60x76; business lot for stores or flata: 2
blocks of First National Bank rrenth and
Broadway); lot Is outside of nevst fire limits.
MAGNIFICENT COTTAGE HOME.
1510 West st. ; Market or narrow-sauce sta-
tions; 8 rooms; modern; curly redwood finish j
mantels, gas, etc; 35x100: only $500 cash, bal-
ance- S per cent; rents $25 month.
BAST OAKLAND BUSINESS BLOCK.
768 and 76S^4 H Twelfth st., bet. Fifteenth
and Sixteenth aves.; 2-story brick building;
store and upper flat: lot 26x140 to alley; terms
cash.
INCOME FLATS.
SB. corner Sixth and Castro- sts.; Market
station; modern building-, each JB rooms, bath;
pas; mantel: brick foundation: lot 37*4x75; fine
location for store; only $400 cash, balance S
yearly payments: rents $27 E0 month.
EASY TERM RESIDENCE.
877 Sixth St., near Castro, adjoining abovoj
2-story, 8 rooms and bath; brick foundation; lot
«7%x75; near Market station; only $800 ca*h,
balance S yearly payments.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Subject to confirmation of court.
803 Franklin st. bet. Fifth and Sixth; cot-
tage, 5 rooms; lot 25x75; only 2 blocks of Sev-
.enth and Broadway; rents $1J
ELEGANT 9-ROOM RESIDENCE.
464 Merrimao st. (or Twenty-eighth), near
Telegraph ave., on beautiful McCluro Heights;
modern in every respect; lot 63x110: bank mort-
gage MOOO can remain; must be sold.
FINE BUILDING LOT.
West side of Adeline st.. 125 feet north of
Eighth; 6ftxl28:8; choice location.
BAN PABLO-AVE. LOTS.
NW. corner Son Pablo and Bonton ave«. :
Golden Gate station; 8 lots 46x100 each; location
for stores; new electric line and Santa Fe Rail-
road will treble value; quarter cash.
FINE BERKELEY COTTAGE (City Limits).
South side of Benton (pr Sixtieth) St., 800
feet wrest of Grove-st. car line; 2 blocks Lorin
station; 8 rooms; porcelain bath; mantels; fin-
ished basement: cost S. F. merchant $4000: lot
EOxl35; new flat loan $2000, balance cash; a snap.
HOME NEAR TELEGRAPH AVE. and 33th st
East side Ruby st., 200 feet north of Moss
ave. (or Thirty-eighth st.); modern boy win-
dow, 7 rooms; bath; cement basement; extra
fine barn; lot 50x100; choicest shrubberies; new
flat mortgage $1500, balance cash.
Remember date. SATURDAY, June 2J, 2 p. m.
WRITE FOR MAPS.
. CALL AND BE SHOWN PROPERTIES.
LAYMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.,
Office and Salesroom,
43MG2 Eighth st., Oakland.
AT AUCTION.
— AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDE* M AOTIC-S.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No! 105 (fifty
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship
Company will be payable at the office of the
company, 827 Market st., on and after Fri-
day, June 1, 1900. Transfer books will close
on Saturday, May 26, 1900, at 12 o'clock m.
W. D. K. GIBSON. Secretary pro tem.
DIVIDEND Notice — Dividend No. 79 (twenty-
flve cent3 per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after Monday, May 21, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, May 16, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tem.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriagre licenses were issued
yesterday:
Charles H. Packer, 23, SIS Gneen street, and
Ella E. Kroenke, 20, S30 Green street.
Lucien B. Gales, 23, city, and Lizzie- Sheurer,
19, city.
Fred R. Hooke. 33. 216 Turk street, and Jes-
sie L. Frese. 26, 210 Turk street.
Edwin H. Mor^n, 40, SSO Jackson street, and
Minnie Slothan, 22. 618 Fifth street.
Henrlk Joharmissen. 41. 510 Howard street,
and Reglna T. Madison. 45. 2326 Mission street.
William B. Cotter, 43, city, and Benr.edlcita
Svendjrard. 33. city.
Ralph C. Mlze, 23, Presidio, and Iva Woot-
ten, IS, Vacavllle.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES-DEATHS-
Birth, marrlatce and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ANFINDSEN— In this city. May 13. 1900, to the
wife of Captain. B. Anfindsen, a daughter.
BRACKETT— In this city. May 15. 1900, to the
wife of George F. Brackett, M.D., a daugh-
ter.
BURKE— Irt this city, May 18, 1900, to the wife
of John J. Burke, a daughter.
CLARK— In this city. May 18, 1900, to the wlf»
of Edward J. Clark, a son.
DONQHOE— In this city. May 18," 1900, to the
wife of Cornelius Donohoe, a son.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, May 8, 1900, to
the wife of Thomas F. Fltzpatrlck, a son.
FOWLER— In this city. May 15. 1900. to the
wife of W. C. Fowler, a son.
LUBY— In this city, March 15. 1900, to the wife
of E. P. Luby, a daughter.
LUCKOW— In this city, April 29. WOO, to the'
wife of R. C. Luckow, a daughter.
MASON— In Lorin, Berkeley, May 3, 1900, to the
wife of J. H. P. Mason, a daughter.
MEYER— In this city. May 18, 1300, to the wife
of Herman M. D. Meyer, a daughter.
MICHAELIS— In this city. May 16, 1900, to the
wife of Captain Julius Mlchaells, a daughter.
ROESSNER— In Oakland, May 1. 1900. to the
wife of H. W. Roessner. a son.
SCHACHT— In this city. May 12, 1900, to the
wife of II. Schacht. a daughter.
MABBIED.
CRUMP— BEVERIDGE— In this city, May 17,
1300. at the bride's home, by the Rev. Phillip
Coombe, Percy A. Crdmp of San Francisco
and Florence Isobel. daughter of J. A~, Bev-
erlde of San Francisco;
JONES— ROGERS— In this city. May 13. 1900,
by the Rev. W. P. White, Harold D. Jones
and Ida M. Rogers, both of Michigan.
MORGAN— STOTHAN— In this city. May 19,
1900. by the Rev. Paul Branke. Edwin H.
Morgan and Minnie Stothan.
DIED.
Aber, William E. Heydenrich, Emil
Adalr. Annlo . Morgan, Hugh J.
Andrews. Peter IX O'Connor, James S.
DoEsllllo, Lloyd S. Phelan. Patrick
Capelll, Sophie Putnam, Charles
Concannon, Luk« Roblnet, Sarah
Cooper, John A: Schmidt. Mary A.
Cotton. Robert W. Shafer. Henry
Crlttenden, Dwyght Stephens. Martha G.
Cronln, Ellen Strother, Fleete F.
Davis. Lottie White, George S.
Garcia, Anastaaia Wllklns. Thomas _
ABER— In San Diego, May 19, 1900. William K.
Aber. beloved husband of Augusta C. Aber,
and father of F. Russell Aber.
ADAIR— In Oakland. May IS, 1900, Annie Adalr,
a native of New 'York, aged 70 years.
ICTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 8:30
o'clock, from the residence of R. C. King,
817 Jaokson I street, thence to tha Churoh of
the Immaculate Conception, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
Members of the Third Order of St. Francis
are respectfully requested to attend the fu-
neral.
ANDREWS— In this city. May 19, 1800, Peter
D. Andrews, son of Mrs. Margaret and the
late Peter Andrew*, a native of Scotland,
aged 66 years. (Iowa City. la., and Wads-
worth, Nev.. papers please copy.)
(n7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, . from the mortuary
chapel of l the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery- >
BASSILLIO— In this city. May 15, 1900, Lloyd
Syrll. Infant eon of John F. and Annie M.
Bassilllo. - -¦.¦-¦
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannacan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM_R3L
t© Firth et., opposite Lincoln ScaooL .-<:•-
Telephone . South SO. '
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery A ssociatioh,
EAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
If deceased was a member of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer, and secre-
tary, the : charge for ¦¦ cremation, i a copper . re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service is $29.
The same for members of the family.
. GEORGE R. FI_TTC——R. Superintendent.
CAPELLI— In this city. May 19, 1900, Sophie,
dearly beloved wife of Michael Capelll, daugh-
ter of Martlno and.Estere Giovannonl, sister
of Mrs. A. Podesta, Mrs. M. Gabrielll and
'Joe. Albert and Eddie Giovannonl. daughter-
in-law of Mr. and Mrs. C. Capelll. and sister-
in-law of A. Capelli, -Mrs. Mary Carll and
Mrs. Louisa Slgali. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 6 months and 14 days.
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral takes place
to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1811 Powell street, near Fil-
bert. Interment New Italian Cemetery.
CONCANNON— In this city. May 18. 1900, Luke,
beloved husband of Julia Concannon, and
father of Mrs. D. Lolly and the late Mrs.
McCann, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aeed 92 yeara.
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 20«; Eleventh street, thence to St. Jo-
seDh's Church,- where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the reoose of his soul
at S o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
COOPER— In this city. May 16, 1900, John A.,
beloved husband of the late Catherine Cooper,
a native of Baltimore, Md., aged 68 years 2
months and 9 days.
O*Friend3 and acquaintances and members
of Associate Veterans ' of Mexican War. Po-
cahontas Tribe No. 11, Imp. Order of Red
Men. Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O. U. W.. and
Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5. K. of P.. are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 320 Brannan street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
COTTON— In the City and County Hospital,
May 19, 1900. Robert W. Cotton, a native of
England, aged 41 years.
CRITTENDEN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 19. 1900, Dwyght Crittenden, a na-
tive of New York, aged 70 years. " -
CRON1N — In San Pablo. Contra Costa Coanty.
May 16, 1900, Ellen Cronln. beloved mother of
Katie, Daniel and Dennis Cronln. a natlr*
of Ireland, aged E5 years.
DAVIS— In this city. May 19, 1900, Lotti* DavU,
beloved wife of Ernst Davis, daughter of Mrs.
Gellert. and mother of Milton and Charles
r>avls, a native of Germany, aged S3 years 8
months and 6 days.
GARCIA— In the City and County Hospital,
May 18. 1900. Anastasla Garcia, a native of
Mexico, aged 26 years.
HETDENRICH-In th« City and Ctnmty Hospi-
tal. May 19. 1900, Emil Heydenrich. a natlvo
of New York, aged 39 years.
MORGAN— In Sacramento, May 10. 1900, Hugh
J. Morgan, husband of Gussla Morgan, and
father of Roy and .Amy Morgan, a native of
New Jersey, aged 40 years.
O'CONNOR— In Berkeley CaL. May 18, 1900,
James a. O'Connor, beloved brother of Mrs.
B. Y. Hobson. a native of Ireland, aged 40
years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Paul's Church for services, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PHELAN— In this city. May 19, 1909, Patrick,
husband of the late Mary Phelan. and father
of George W. Robert B. and Henry G. Phe-
lan and Mrs. J. H. Dwelle, a native of Queens
County, Ireland, aged 89 years.
C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, IS Clara street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment private In Holy Crost
Cemetery.
PUTNAM— In this city. May 19. 1900, Charles
Putnam, a natlvo of New Tork. aged 69
years.
ROBLN'DT— In this 'city. May 19, 1900, Sarah.
beloved wife of Louis \Roblnet, mother of
Lulu Roblnet and MrB. William Chlttlck of
Los Anereles, Cal., and sister of Mrs. James
Denny of Alameda and Mrs. Robert J. Bo-
I land, a native of San Francisco, aged S3
years and 10 months.
SCHMIDT— In this city. May 19, 1900, Mary A.,
beloved wife of the late William Schmidt,
dearly beloved mother of Maude E. Schmidt
and Mra. .Tames S. Fennell. and sister of
Margaret Lenahan, a native of Ireland, aged
EC years.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SHAFER— At the German Hospital, May 19,
1900, Henry Shafer. beloved husband of Ellen
Sharer, and stepfather of Thomas Alexander,
Mrs. Frank Leveroni and Mrs. Fred Mlnkel,
a native of Baden, Germany, aged 6a years
11 months and 8 days.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the rarlors of the Gantner & Guntz Un-
dertaking Company, 8 and 10 City Hall square.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
STROTHER— In this city, May 17, 1900, Fleete
. F., beloved husband of Elizabeth Strother, a
native of Waehlneton, D. C, aged 61 years
and 13 days.
IE5"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1CS4 Bush street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
STEPHENS-In this city. May IS, 1900, Martha
G., wife of II. R. Stephens, aged 24 years 2
months and 6 days.
WHITE— In this city. May 19, 190O. George S.,
beloved oon of John S. and Abbie A. White,
and .brother of Willie, Lizzie and Edward
While, a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years S months and 3 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, S2U Howard street. Interment Holy
Crces Cemetery.
WILKINS— In this city. May IS, 1900. Thomas
E. Wilkins, a natl\-e of Chelsea, Mass.. aged
65 years. (Chelsea. Mass., papers please copy.)
\gy Friends and acquaintances and members
of the Ship and Steamboat Joiners' Associa-
tion are respectfully Invited to attend the
funeral this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from
the parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 118
Geary street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.Shipping Intelligence.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Time Ball.
Branch Hvdxcsraphlo orfl.ee, U. S, K., Her*,
The only change worthy of note in local se
curities' was an : advance in Contra Costa
Water i to $72. Business was fair. : -
Home Oil was steady at J 4 85® 1 90. Another
pood well has , been struck on this property.
The- company will pay - a dividend of 10c, or
JlO.dOO, to-morrow. •
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
BATURDAY, May 19—13 , m.
Bid.Ask. ¦•-¦: - - .. Bid. Ask.
TJ S bonds— - - Eqult G I> Co. 2«4 ST4
4s quar coup.. 118 117- Mutual El Co. — -.11 •
4s do rer.~......ll. 117 OQ L & H....'46H 47*
THE STOCK MARKET.
TO SAIL
CHICAGO. May ».— Liverpool was still
whooping It up for Baden-Powell to-day and
forgot the deal in grain, and in the absence of*
this usual hint to go one way or the other the
market here opened the session unchanged,
July at 67%®67Hc. The Northwest was with
out rain. Just as It has been for some time. It
renewed Its wailing- and looked through gloomy
glasses at the prospect of seed dying from
drought In the ground. The Southwest com
plained of recent liberal rains. In addition
Illinois reported damage from the Hessian fly
These tidings were enough to worry shorts"
and under pressure of covering the price of
July was forced up to 67%c. The corn weak
ness later made Itself felt and many of the
early purchases were thrown on the market
again, July selling off to 67a The close was
steady st 67<§67%c, He under yesterday. Trade
throughout the session was quiet. .
Corn was quiet but firm for an hour, , but
weak after that. The weakness was duo to
pressure of longr corn and too much rain in
the Weet- July closed heavy, down
at 3Sc.
There was very little trading In oats. July
closed a shade- lower. >
Provisions were very qujet but fairly steady.
The opening was a trifle lower, because of
light nog receipts. July pork closed* with . a
loss of 2%c, lard 2V4@5c lower and ribs a shade
lower. ¦-.¦¦•¦• -. .
The leading futures ranged as follows; 1
Chicago Grain Market.
NEW YORK. May 13.— The stock market
xsaintalsed n fairly good speculative tone to
day. In spite of the continued discouragement :
reported by the mercantile ayenciea over the ',
course of commodity prices. Railroad Btocks
generally are bisher on the day to the extent
of a fraction und some of the specialties show
Jarjrer char.ee*. Sugar was the leader of the
market without ar.y news to account for its
strength beyond the suggestive parallel that
rr.igbt be Crawn between its case and that of
the New York Gas Companies, whese costly
conflict seems to be ended. With the profitable
per:cd of the year approaching to the Sujaj
trade, it is natural to suppose that the incen
tive to settling a contest that takes away the
profit* of the business is augmented. Consoli
dated Gas reflected the pressure of apeculatlve
r •-¦:-:. 2 :r.(r and the Tobacco stocks showed signs
cf weakness. The local traction stocks con
tinued fctrong. The market was largely one
Icf fcjjeclaltie*. There was some demand for
the Vanderbilt stocks, apparently en the Re
port «1 return from Europe of «VIl!iam K. Van
dert/tlt, which was denied after the close.
Union Pacific gained a lar^e fraction. Bur-
ISHRt&n and Norfolk and Western halted in the
advance, which was the feature of yesterday's
market, while traders took their profits. The
bond market showed a decided improvement,
both in the volume of the demand and the
prices brought. The sharp advance In Gov
ernment bends was, of course, in response to
the announcement from XVashington of the
calling of the extended 2 per cents.
Prlcee of raitrofcd stocks have partly recov
ered this we*k th* loeses Incurred last week.
In the Industrial department of the stock list,
on the contrary, there have been some formid
abla inroads upon prices. Business has been
largely in professional hands and the volume
of draUncs has been less than half a million
shares a day on an average. A large part of
the demand was evidently from the bears, who
had oversold the market on the previous de
cline. Professiunal manipulation against the
ehcrt* was a factor In tfce advance. After the
trickle of the week the market showed renewed
tendency to sag with the satisfaction of the
<J<-mc.nd from the ehort Interest nnd with the
efforts making- to realize by professional trad
ers who had turned bulls for a time. The
London money market found unexpected relief
by the receipt of $5,000,000 in Rueelan geld and
this has resulted In some buying for London
account In Serf York, which has been a ius
tii'r.ir.K influence each day In the New York
market. It has also resulted in alleviating the
fear* cf a heavy drain of gold from New York
to relieve the European money markets, which
xn!(rht ui>s«t the home market. - '
¦*^Crop prospects are playing: an Imposing: part
In wperulative considerations and the firmness
of Wes^err railroad rhares has been helped by
this consideration. Wall street, nevertheless.
continues rather depressed and uncertain, due
to the obvious fact that buying of commodities
Is trtlll withheld waiting for indications that
bottom prices have been reached.
The fact that investment buying of bonds *ias
b*»*n dull in npite of low rates for money has
r«— n a discouraclEt* factor in the stock mar
ket.
United States refunding 2s, when Issued, ad
vanced IV: "Id 4« and 1* H4: new 4s % and
the 2s and 2« H in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Chares dosing
Bold. Stork*— Bid.
1.S.T0. Atchison 24«4
10.273 Atcbison prefd 72-,
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS
NEW YORK, May 19.— The market for Evap
orated Apples was quiet and steady at un
changed prices. California Dried Fruits ruled
rather dull and nominally unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
iV&OSoj prime. 6%®€c; choice. 6%@7c; fancy
7%^ 8c. ¦ . "
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— S%®7c
APRICOTS-Royal. 12%@14c; Moorpark, 1531
18c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 16@20e; unpeeled. 7©9c
DRIED FRUIT.
WHEAT— Receipts, 8S4.125 bushels. Spot,
firm; No. 2 red, 77»ic elevator; No. 2 red, 80%o
f. a b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 7oHc
f. o. b. afioat to arrive. Options were firm and
fairly active most of the session, guided by
further drought from the Northwest and local
covering. The market closed firm at %e net ad
vance. May closed 71%c; July 72V4S72 ll-16c,
closed 72^c; September 73&@73 9-16c, closed
73Hc.
HOPS— Steady. State common to choice, 1896
crop, 3ffSc; ISM crop. 10S13c. Paciflo Coast, 1836
crop. 3y3c: 1SS9 crop, 10@13c
HIDES — Firfti. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
19Hc; California, 21 to 25 pounds, II Via; Texas
dry, 24 to 30 pounds, 15c.
WOOL— DulL Domestic fleece, 25328c; Texas,
15£flSe.
COFFEE^ — Options closed steady at net un
changed prices to E points decline. Total sales,
E7E0 bags, including: June. $6 £0; October. $6 75;
November. 16 75S6 80; December, J7; March,
$7 10@7 15. Spot Coffee— Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice,
714c. Mild, quiet; Cordova, 9US13HO.
SUGAR— Raw. firm. Fair Reflninf, 3 13-82e;
Centrifugal, 96 test, 4 15-32c; Molasses Sugar,
8.15Ci3.16c. Reflned— Steady: Standard A, 4.96c;
Confectioners' A. 4.95c; Mold A, 6.40c; Cut Loaf,
5.55c; Crushed, 5.55c; Powdered, 5.25c; Granu
lated, 6.15c; Cubes, 6.30c.
BUTTER — Receipts. 9315 packages; market
steady. Western creamery, 16Vt@20o; factory.
13ffl5V£c, .
EGGS — Receipts, 9281 packages; market firmer.
Storage Western at mark, 12%@13c; regular
packing, 12H@13c,' loss off; Southern at mark.
10v»c. f
NEW YORK. May 1».— FLOUR— Receipts, 17,
217 packages; exports, 6750 packages; market in
active but firmly held. Minnesota patents,
$Z C0S3 83; do bakers', $2 65©2 95; winter patents,
$3 6023 S3; do straights, $3 45©8 55; winter ex
tras. $2 S5*?2 90; do low grades, J2 25@2 40.
• ARRIVED.
Saturday. May ».
Stmr "Westport, Ericsson, 16 hours from L sa.\.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett, 43 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen, 13 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 72 hours from San
IHezo and way ports.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr State cf California, Gag?. 45% hours
from Portland, via Astoria 37% hours.
Er stnsr Wellington. Saimond. 3% days from
Ccmox.
Schr Enterprise. Fritsch. • days from Tllla
mook. , , - . -
CLEARED.
Saturday, May V.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Honolulu; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Stmr Centennial. Kagles. Seattle: E T Ki-use.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Unalaska; Nortn
American Commercial Co.
Stmr Sunol. Green, Unalaska: Alaska Com
mercial Co.
Jap stmr America Maru, Going:. Honolulu.
Yokohama and Hongkong; W II Avery.
Ship Geo Curtis, Calhoun. Honolulu ; Welch
£ Co.
Schr Maggie C Rusa, Kallenberjr. Unga;
Alaska Commercial Co.
Schr Nome. Bertelsen. TTcalaska; Alaska.
Commercial Co. .-- . -
Schr Torke, Torgensen, Cnalaska; Alaska.
Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. May IX
Stmr "WlJlajnette. Hansen. Seattle.
Stmr Greenwood, Fa«rerlund, .
Stmr San Bias, PlUsbury, Vancouver.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea, San Pedro.
Stmr Homer Donaldson. Unalaska,
Stmr Nome City. Levlnson. Portland.
• Stmr Crescent City. Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr Despatch. Johnson, Portland.
Stmr Arcata, Reed, Cocs Bay.
Stmr Empire, Macgenn. Coca Bay.
Nor stmr Universe, Esrenes, Ch«ma.!nus.
Jap stmr America Maru. Going. Honolulu.
Yokohama and Hongkong-.
Jap bark Tsuki3hima Mara, Mat3umoti. Kobe
and Yokohama.
Schr Impossible, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Czar. Wagner. Mazatlan.
Schr Arcie and Fontie. Skipper. Flsks Mill.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowena Landing.
Schr Viking, Peterson. Golovia Bay. via Coos
Bay.
Schr Queen, Frederickson, Grays Harbor.
HPOTCTTM
May 5. lat 17 X. lon 26 W— Br shtp Eudors,
from London for San Francisco.
May 2, lat S N*. lon 20 W— Ger bark Edmund,
from Hamburg for Santa Rosalia.
May IS* lat 50 N. Ion 12 W— Ft bark T.-mt«
Pasteur, from Oregon for Queenstowa.
DISASTER.
MARSHFTELD, Or. May 13— While crossing
Coos Bay bar this morning the machinery of
the schr Monterey became disabled and she
struck on south sett and will probably be a
total loss. Masts and deck load are son*. She
drifted back in the channel and is now drift-
In™ to sea on ebb tide. Life-saving crew and
tug have gone to scene. It is not yet
known If any of the crew were saved.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 13. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 6 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 13— Ship Lue'.ls.
hence May 7.
Sailed May IS— Schr Thos P Bayard, tor
Nome.
Sailed May U-Stmr Humboldt, for Sir. Fran
cisco; Br shiD Drummuir. for Chemalnus.
VSAL— Sailed May 1^— Stmr Newsboy, for Ca
yucos.
BO WENS LANDING— Sailed May 13-Schr
Ne-aark, for Kan Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 1*-Br bark
Battle Abbey, from, Seattle.
.Arrived May 13— Schr Meteor, frcm Port
Townsend.
POi:T LOS ANGELES— Sailed May 1>-Not
stmr Tltania. for Nanalmo.
SAN PEDROr-Sailed May 13-Schr Sacra
mento, for Siuslaw River.
Arrived May 13— Stmr South .Coast, from
Ventura: schr Comet, from Port Gamble: barge
Santa Paula, hence May TL
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May ID— Nor itmr
Horda, from Honolulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May IS— Schr
Zampa, from Santa Rosalia.
FORETGN PORTS.
ACAPULCO— Sailed May 18— Smr City of Pa
nama, for Maiznntllo. May 17 — Stmr Acapulco^
for Panama. .
Arrived May 17— Br bark Low Wood, from
Newcastle. Aus.
SHANGHAI— Sailed May 1»-Schr Muriel, for
Hakodate, to load for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 1>— Jap stmr Hong
kong Maru, for San Francisco.
'OCEAX STEAMERS.
.NEW YORK— Arrived May 1?— Etmr Minne
apolis, from London; stmr St Louis, from
Southampton, etc.
BOSTON— Arrived May 13— Stmr Cltonta,
from Liverpool.
HAVRE— Palled May 13— Stmr' La Touraine.
for N'ew York.
ANTWERP— Sailed May 13— Stmr NoordTand.
for New York.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May 15 — Stmr
Friederich der Gross*, from New Tork. for
Bremen.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 1»— Stmr JC«w
York, from Southampton, for New York.
HAMBURG— Arrived May 1?— Stmr Hat a via,
i from New York, via Cherbourg.
GEXOA— Arrived May W— Stmr Oeorjia, from
New York.
- HONGKONG— Arrived prior to May 19— Stmr
Doric, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 13— Stmr Lucanla.
#~- x-»n- Vn.lr
New York Grain and Produce.
United States Coast and Geodatlo Surrey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
"VVaters at Fort Point, entrance to Sao
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both place*.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the s-cond tide of
the day. the third time column th« third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide cf th« day. except when ther? are but
three tide3, a» sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th<«
United States Coast Survey charts, exepst
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the heleht.
and then the number given l.i subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
SAX FRA-NCISCO. May IS. 6 p. m.
Tfce following are the seasonal rainfall* to
it-.'--, as compared with tho."=e of the same data
lapt season asd rainfalls la the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Station*— Z4 hours, eeason. season. ,
Eureka COO 4s.ES 23. SS <
Red Eluff 0.W tl.il 20.08
Sacramento 0.00 20. 2S 14. C7
Kan Franclico 0.00 18.42 16.10
Fresno 0.00 10.14 ".IS
I.iJependenc* 0.00 8.64 1.21
ean Luis Obisjjo 0.00 17.80 18.41
L-.S Angeles 0.00 7.83 6.01
fan Diego %0.00 5.S8 4.S8
nan*. 0.00 l.S» 1.64
ban Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
TC . minimum. £0; mean. *0.
WEATHEH CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fa'.r weather prevails over the Pacific Slope
th.s afternoon, with fresh northwest wind.
The pressure has risen elowly over the north
ern portion of the Pacific Slcpe and fallen
along the H>u'.h««i>t coast.
The temperature has fallen in Southwestern
Arizona ar.d remained stationary in other dis
tricts.
Conditions are favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in California Sunday.
Forecast made at Kan Francisco for thirty"
houre ending midnight. May 20, 1900.
Northern Canfcmia— Fair Sunday; continued
vira; :•< ~\. northwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Sunday; £re«h west
»ind.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
ArUor.a— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday;
warm; fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast OffldaJ.
Weather Report.
<l2Cth llerlfllan— Paciflo Time.)
Total tt;S3.4:i.40» 1413,866,973
There haa been & net Improvement of flSS.-
C«J.<«X) in Treasury operations for the tea
tnocths.
1SSS-99. 1S99-00.
CM11 J104.41S.234 JS7.841.528
War e ny.C45.t37 U7,7&6,645
Ks.vy / 65.E2.6S4 45,890,&:$
Indians U.iS»,74S 45.$30.E:$
Pensions ll6.6»3,043 117.S54.liS
Interest S4.6Si.8e8 36.274,8S3
Government receipts for the first ten months
cf the fiscal year cosij-are as fo'.lows:
isss-M. lBss-oe.
Custcrcs *ieS.4£6.033 $l?7.02:.^5
Internal r«fr«in« — 223.50C.660 243.fiSS.S24
MisceUaseouB 81.093,321 81.601.514
Total J424.0I6.014 • J472.CS7.063
Tfce disbursements compare- as follows:
Income and Outgo.
Foreign import* at thU port durlag the first
Jour months of the rear amount to $1S,946.S:XX
against tl4.«£3,0 i : i 0 for the same time in 1S39,
tJie l«a<lJE«- iieir.s b«?in« as follows: From the
IlawaJlB-i Ielanis $3,775.6^); China. $3,8*7,400;
Japan, «.91S,550; Great Britain. J1.27B,2M; Cen
tral America. J2.Ci.6OO.
Foreign Imports.
Local bask clearings last week were $21473,
ttt. against $:9,OO3.4S1 for the same week last
year.
Bank Clearings.
Tbe America M»P' took out ¦> troasorv list of
tlS2.2SS, ccnslsttc; of f 101. 480 In Mexican dol
lars, i'x, in gold coin and SS0.000 In silver
bullion.
Treasure Shipment.
Tti* Defiance loads polea at Cbwlchan for
Banta Roealla; Lizzie Bell, wheat at Portland
for ETurrjKj, 41s ti: Meteor, lumber at Port
Gamble for Honolulu.
Charters.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... $4 85%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 SS%
Sterling Cables — 4 80
New York Exchange, sight — 15
N<»w York Exehanee. telegraphic — . 17%
Fine silver, per ounce — W%
Mexican Dollars 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— England turned the day Into & hol
iday to celebrate the relief of Mafeking, hence
there were no quotations from Liverpool.
Chicago was firm, with more buyers than
sellers reported, owing to reported damage to
the crops. There was drought In the Northwest
and Hessian fly In Illinois. , The Kansas-Okla
homa crop was reported very little Impaired.
There was nothing new in the local market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 90®91Uc; milling, 93?i
©%%c . .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December — MOO
cts, 93%c.
Second Session— December— 22,000 ctls. 99%c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
S9%c; 6000. 99%c.
BARLEY — Closed the week quietly at 'un
changed quotations.
Feed, 72%c icr No. 1 and 67%«T70c for oft
grades: Brewing and Shipping grades, 75®S2Hc;
Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— No aalea.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales. •
OATS— There was nothing. doing yesterday.
White. SI 10@l 30; Red. Jl@l 20; Gray, $1 07tf
©1 15; Black. J1®1 07%.
CORN— Eastern large yellow, $1 15@1 17% per
ctl; Eastern white, JlQtt 10 per ctl.
RYE— bb&W&c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The TBuklshlma Maru took for Japan 91$2
bbls Flour. The Panama steamer took 6908 bbls.
.FLOUlt— California family extras, »j w,<o.u tJ .
usual terms; bakers' extras. 13 4»@ 3 50; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 60-
Oat Groats. $4 50: Hominy, $3 26®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 25;
Farina. 14 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). *6@7 26; In sacks. $5 75@7; Pearl
Barley, $5: Split Peas. SB; Green Peas, $5 SO per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions, with
quiet markets all around.
BRAN— $12 50@13 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17020 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $15©17 per
ten: Oilcake Meal at the. mill. $26(327; Jobbing
$27 60©2S; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal'
$25; Cracked Corn, $25 60; Mixed Feed, $15 so-
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, $7t?9 for common to good; $9 50
©10 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7©9- Oat
$6@8; Barley, $S@7: Alfalfa, $5@7 50 per ton. '
- NEW HAT— J4 50@6 per ton.
STRAW— 25@37%c, per bale. /»
Beans and Seeds.
There Is very little demand for any of these
goods and quotations remain the same. ' -
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 20; small White. %3 25®
8 45; large White, $3 10@3 20; Pink. $2 E0@2 99-
Red, $3 2503 50; Blackeye. $3 50@4; Butters'
nominal; Lima. $5 25@5 30; Pea, $3 40@3 50- Red
Kidneys, $4@4 E0. ;*»
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4c; Flax. SI 90@2 20; Canary 3}*c
pe,r lb for California and 4c for Eastern* Al
falfa, nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4@4u;c'
Timothy. 4#4%c. "
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 90
@2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts are discontinued, as the eeason 1* ao
far advanced and arrivals are so ; Intermingled
that it Is Impossible to give them with accu
racy. Supplies of Potatoes are : too large and
the , market Is weak. Onions continue steady
A box of Tomatoes came In from Winters
and brought $2. v
Vegetables .were In their usual large supply
and featureless. :
POTATOES— Burhanks, 40®65o per !>ack- Ore
gon Burbanks. 6O@75c; New Potatoes. SOcCIl
in sacks and 40c@$l 15 In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red, 99c@$l per ctl; Austra
lian, *4@5 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 60@75c per
dozen; Rhubarb, 40c@$l per box; Aspara
gus, 25c@|l .- per , box for No. 2 and $1 25
®1 50 for No. 1 and $1 75 for i fancy large:
Orpen • Peas. 73c@$l : per sack for common and
$125 for Garden; String Beans, 2Ht?3%c; Refu
gees, 4@4%c; Wax Beans, 3@4c: Cabbage, 400
60c; TomatoeB, $1 25@2; Egg* Plant ;from Los
Angeles,'6@10c:'Dried Okra, 32%c per lb; Green
Peppers from Los Angeles, - 6^12%c; Dried Pep
pers. : 8@10c : Carr6ts, 1 25@35c . per ( sack ; , Summer
Bquash, , 75c@Sl 25 ,p«r box; ; Cucumbers, 40@90c
Cash quotations ¦ were as follows: • ? Flour,
quiet; winter patents, $3 60<g3 70; straits. $2 90
03 40* clears. %2 7O(g3 20; spring specials. $3 80@
3 90; patents, S3@3 40; straits, ?2 fiO0j'2 90; bak
ers'. $232 40. No. 3 spring wheat, 62®66c: : No.
2 red 72073c; No. -2. corn, 87%@38c;'No. 2 yel
low, SSg3S%c: No. 2 oats, 23»i@24c; No. 2 white,
26®27c; No. 3 white. > 25#26c; No. 2 rye, 65c;
fair to choice 'malting^ barley, 39@42c; No. , 1
flaxBeed {1 80; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO; prime
timothy'seed, $2 45: m«« pork, per barrel, $10 60
©11 75; lard, per 100 nounds.'JS 85@7 02%; short
ribs sides (looee), J« 6506 80; dry salted should
ers (boxed), 6V>@6\c; snort , dear- sides (boxed),
V 10#7 20; whisky, besla of high wlnea, Jl 25.
l.E-50 Baltimore & Ohio 76%
Canadian Paciflo ~ 94%
200 Canada Southern 62%
•700 Chesapeake & Ohio 2SH
100 Chicago Great Western 12%, .
11,140 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 125»i
Chicago Ind and Louisville £3
12S Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd...... 62
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 101
240- Chicago & Northwestern 164 !
8,000 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 10&H
€20 C C C & 6t Louis Z 60*»
500 Colorado Southern 6 .
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 40Vj
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 18H
100 Delaware & Hudson 114^ ,
Delaware Lackawanna & W extern.. ]7t '* j
Denver & Rio Grande IS", i
Denver & Rio Grande prefd e&V« |
130 Erie 12'i I
200 Erie 1st prefd.... 37^
' 100 Great Northern prefd 123Vi
Hocking- Coal 14Vi
100 Hocking Valley 3S'j
200 Illinois Central 113» 4
Iowa Central 16%
Iowa Central prefd 4SU
600 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 17%.
240 Lake Erie & Western 29
7G0 Lake Erie and Western prefd S3
Lake Shore 212
2.540 Louisville & Nashville S1H
4,100 Manhattan L 9l£,
3,350 Metropolitan Street Railway 155 i
300 Mexican Central 13 i
100 Minn & St Louis «, 62H I
- Minn & St Louis prefd 85
8,640 Mifsouri Pacific 67
Mobile & Ohio 4G J 4
100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 11
1,000 Missouri Kansas &. Texas prefd 34
100 Kew Jersey Central 117
8.600 New York Central ...132 T »
2,245 Norfolk & Western 87'
Norfolk & Western prefd 78
9,650 Northern Pacific 63T4
400 Northern Pacific prefd 74^4
100 Ontario & Western 21*fc
Oregon Railway & Nav. .............. 42
Oregon P.ailway & Nav prefd 76
5,430 Pennsylvania 130^;
COO Reading 1714
670 Reading let prefd , £6Vi
300 Reading Id prefd A 2S'ii
Rio Grande Western £6
Rio Grande Western prefd 87\4
600 6t Louis & San Fran IOV4
St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 67
1,000 St Lculs & San Fran 2d prefd 34
100 St Louis Southwestern ...lMi
100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2*1*
7.070 St Paul 1171!
- Et Paul prefd 17214
1,000 St Paul & Omaha, U3
800 Southern Pacific .*. $51-4
1.500 Southern Railway 12s,
400 Southern Railway prefd E5U
1.850 Texas & Pacific 16'i
2,032 Union Pacific {&%
........ Union Paciflo prefd 74^
Wabash ja»
800 Wabash prefd 21*1
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9--Z
7S1 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 28u
4&5 Wisconsin Central lev;
Z r A Third Avenue lQS
Express Companies—
- Adams S113
-- American ......ISO
10O United States 46
Wells-Fargo ; U7
Miscellaneous —
O American Cotton Oil 86
American Cotton OiVprefd.... 90
•'American Malting 354
200 American Malting prefd 2'
200 American Smelting & Refng 37"»
600 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. £S»i
American Spirits 2^4
American Spirits prefd l"
300 American Steel Hoop 22H
American Steel Hoop prefd 71
8,775 American Steel & Wire &*_
1,200 American Steel & Wire prefd 75
1 100 American Tin Plate 24
American Tin Plate prefd 74
22.2S9 American Tobacco £S*i
American Tobacco prefd USi^
"00 Anaconda Mining Co 431;
B.050 Brooklyn Rapid Transit ..V 70T,
860 Colorado Fuel & Iron 37a,
12.470 Continental Tobacco 22»i
8-50 Continental Tobacco prefd 76
1,425 Federal Steel 8634
900 Federal Steel prefd 67
100 General Electric 135
130 Glucose Sugar 47
Glucose Sugar prefd... 9914
800 International Paper ....*. 22
200 International Paper prefd 63%
Laclede Gas 67
410 National Biscuit 82^
. National Biscuit prafd 82
100 National Lead _ 20
„ National Lead prefd 99
1,000 National Steel 80&
10O National St*el prefd S6
New Tork Air Bralte 124
109 North American 14%
Pacific Coast 49^
Paciflo Coast 1st prefd SO
Pacific Coast 2d prefd :..... 53
2.170 Pacific Mall 27%
7.SW) People's Gan - ...100%
100 Pressed Steel C».r 4J
Pressed Steel Car prefd 78
Pullman Palace Car 1S2
Standard Rope & Twine 5 7 i
42.850 Sugar 111%
100 Sugar prefd 110U
*.-~ r > Tennessee Coal & Iron 75%
1.4 I » United State* Leather 11%
4S0 United States Leather prefd 68%
United State* Rubber 2S£
United States Rubber prefd 92
ECS Western Union S04
600 Republic Iron & Steel - 14H
100 Republic Iron & Steel prefd SO'-;
P C C & St Louis 67Vi
: 221.400 Ehares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s M K & T 4s «2T4
(when Issued) 104>4 N T Central lsts...lll
U S 2» registered.. 93?i N J Cent gen 6s. ...121
U S Ss registered. .109^ North Carolina 6s..l27',4
U S 2s coupon lC9V»|North Carolina 4s. .106
U S r.ew 4s reg 1344! Northern Pac 3s... 67
U S new 4b coupon. 134H; Northern Pac 4s... 103%
U S old 4s reg ll«Vi|N Y C & St L 4s. .106%
U S dd 4s coupon .11S>,41 Nor & W cons 4s.. 96Ts
USSs registered.. 114V»! Nor & W een 6s. ..130 .
U S 5a coupon 114 iOregon Nav lsts 110
Dist of Col S.ess 121 Or Navigation 4s. ..104%
AtchUon gen 4s.... 100% Or Short Line 6s..l28Vi
Atchison adjust 4s. 84% Or S L cons Ss 114Vi
Canada Sou 2d».... 106% Reading gen 4s 88
Ches & O 4Hs 9SV4-R G Weetern lsts.. 98%
Ches & O 6s 11« |Et L & I M cons 68.110
C & Nor cons 7s.. ..140 iSt L & S F gen 6s. 124
C & N S F Deb 5i.U5%IEt Paul cons 16S
Chicago Term 4s... 95 (St Paul C & P Ists.122
Denver & R G lsts.lOUi'St Paul C & P 5s.l21%
Denver & R G 4«.. 99 iSouthern Ry 6S....111H
ETVii Ga lsts.. 102 T * ' Standard R & T 6s 71
Erie general 4s 72 iTenn new set 2s.... 85
Ft W & D C lsts... 70%!Texas & Pac lsts.-lMH
Gen Electric 5s 120 Texas & Pac 2ds... 64
G U & S A «»—...lW Union Pac 4s 105%
O H & S A 2ds 107 Wabash lst» 115
Houston & T C 61..IUH Wtbash 2ds 1O2'4
H & T C cons €s..H0 West Shore 4s 112%
Iowa Central Isu..ll3 'Wis Central l»ts 91'i
KCP4O lsts.... 71% \a Centuries .„" 92
La new cons 4»....1C$H Va Deferred 9
h^- 1 !^? 1 . 11 / 4 4s --- 10O i» C°» & Southern 4s.. 85
M K & T 2ds &-i Southern Pac 4s.... 82*4
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15jOntarlo '. 7 75
Crown Point 07!Ophir """ kn
Con Cal & Va..... 1 25 Plymouth '"" in
Deadwood 60 Quicksilver .. 1 so
Gould & Curry 15 Quicksilver prefd ' 7 E0
Hale & -Nora-oss... 21 Sierra Nevada. 80
Homestake 55 00 ' Standard !!I 3 60
Iron Silver WilTnion Con .... 15
Mexican 24 ,'Tellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific ...... S5%
Call loans I ©4 Union Land 2
Time loans l'.4S4% West End 9114
Stocks — Bonds — ,
A T & S F 26% Atchison 4s 991;
A T & S F prefd... 72 NE Ga« & Coke Es 68U
American Sugars. Ill Mining shares—
Am Sugar prefd. -.110 Adventure „ 4
Boston & Albany. .242 Allouez Mining Co.112
Boston Elevated... 139 ' Arnalt Copper 87% !
Boston & Maine. ..193 Atlantic 23
C B & Q.. 12S«i Boston & Montana.29S
Dominion Coal..... 42 Butte & Boston.... €6
Dom Coal prefd.... 118 Calumet & Hecla«153
Federal Steel $7 Centennial . 17%
Federal Eteel prefd 67% FranKlin ............13%
Fltchburg prefd,. ..130 'Osceola „„. 6214
chants" FTChange, San Francisco CaL
May 19, 1300.
, The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. •.. at coon of the liCth meridian, cr at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. XT. 3. X.. In charge.
NEW YORK, May IS.— Exports of gold and sil
ver from this port to all countries for this week
aggregate $1,300,205 silver bars and coin and
$3 231.464 gold. Imports of specie this week were
124,375 gold and $?a,2S2 sliver.
WASHINGTON. May 19.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance, exclusive of the $150,
000 COO gold reserve, shows: Available cash bal
ance, $142,424,420; gold, 170.806,755.
U^tw York Gold and silver Exports.
Condition of the Treasury.
LONDON, May 19.— Atchison, 27%; Canadian
Pacific 86%; Union Pacific preferred, 75%;
Northern Paciflo preferred, 76H; Grand Trunk,
1%; Anaconda. &%. Bar silver, firm, 27Hd per
ounce. Money, 2®2H per cent. v . ¦ •
CLOSING
NEW YORK. May IS.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: Tho
city was seised with Mafeking insanity to-day
and the caturnalia. exceeded even that follow
ing the relief of Ladysmith. The Exchange was
swimming in champagne and flag-flourishing,
trumpet-blowing and patriotic anthems super
seded business. The tone was cheerful, but it
was almost impossible to obtain prices.
London 'Market.
NEW YORK. May 19.— Th« Financier says:
The changes In the totals of th« Clearing-house
bonks for the we^k ending May 19 are unim
portant. The principal feature is a gain of
$1,666,000 In cash, due principally to the move
ment of Interior funds to this center. Pension
payments by tho Treasury offset the gold with
drawn for export and the banks really ended
the week as creditors In this respect. The rapid
rise In the loan total noted over the last two
months Is seemingly at an end. Following a
email decrease for the week ending May 12 the
banks have made a slight expansion of S743.0OO
during the last six days, but this is due to local
causes. The deposit item is $1,374,000 higher
and the week closed with a reserve of $L 222,500
in excess of tho previous statement, making
the total surplus $16,556,225. There Is reason
to believe that the gold export movement Ib
at an end. and as Western banks are report
ing a remarkably easy condition of the money
market the inference is that New York will
receive some heavy currency shipments before
the crop season opens. The redemption of the
outstanding 2 per cent extension bonds by tho
Treasury will also operate in the direction of
easing the market, so that the future appears
to favor low rates. It la not to be forcotten.
however, that the Presidential campaign Is
nearly at hand, and as this will create more
or less disturbance prudent borrowers are tak
ing advantage of tho present opportunity in
order to secure themselves against a possible
hard market later on. Of course It Is impos
sible to estimate how much money will be
needed In the fall for crop purposes, but wlm
the strengthened position of the Western banks
and the poeslbility of adding to present sup
plies of funds through the issue of new bank
notes anytb:ng approaching etrlngency, even
with a Pret lentlal ejection impending, is out
of the quest x '
At any rate, r- needing that domestic supplies
of currency tho.id be absorbed In various ways.
It will b« an easy matter to recall some of
the lm/nense. sums now being loaned to Europe
on current trade balances. The very fact that
merchandise exports have exceeded imports in
three years by nearly $1,500,000,000 shows that
gold Imports can be forced at any time.
Associated Banks' Statement.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Light trading in local securities.
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange as before.
Shipment of $182,285 to ChiiuL
Bank clearings show a slight gain fcr the week.
Grain market stands about tJie same:
Hay and Feedstiiirs quiet and unchanged.
Nothing doing in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes in heavy supply and weak. Onions steady.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs quiet at former prices.
Several cars of Eastern Poultry due to-morrow.
Fruit market cleaned up fairly at good prices.
Provisions quiet and weak.
Hides and Wool neglected at zveak quotations. \
Nothing new in Meats.
Increased foreign imports at this port.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— j July. Sept.
Opening - Holiday.
Closing Holiday.,
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec. .
Opening •-••• 19 80 21 45
Closing • 19 75 2140 j
Flour-
Opening 25 90 27 S3
Closing - ...•• 25 90 27 85
I Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, May 19.— CATTLE— Receipts, 200.
Nominally Natives, good to prime
steers, $5®6 75; poor to medium, $4 25@4 SO;
selected feeders, $4 25®5; mixed stockers, $3 75@
'4- cows $3@4 60; heifers, $3 25g1i: canners, $2 60
25- bulls, 53!3>4 25; calves. $4 60®6 50; Texas
fed steers, $4@4 15; Texas bulls, ?3 20@3 65.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
estimated. 30,000; left over, 3500. Active at Fri
day's close averaging a shade lower: top one
car at $5 40. Mixed and butchers, |5 05@5 35;
good to choice heavy, $3 20@5 40; rough heavy.
$5 05@5 15; light, $5®5 30; bulk of sales, $5 25®
E 2 i * I 4
SHEET 1 — Receipts, 2000. Sheep and lambs j
steady. Good to choice wethers, $5 lSgo 30; :
fair to choice mixed, $4 6<>@5 15; Western sheep,
$5 15^6 35; yearlings, $5 25Q5 SO: native lambs,
$4 5*@7 25; Western lambs, $5^7 25; spring
lambs lower. $5S7 50^
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May 19.— The brokers' price for
lead was $3 80 and for copper $16 75.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, May 19.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California frutt
sold at auction to-day: Cherries, boxes— Black
Tartarlans, 60c®?l 55, average $1; Royal Anne,
average {2 25.
NEW TORK, May 19.— California fruit sold
to-day aa follows: Cherries, boxes— Biggereau,
E0c@$2 05. average 85c; Chapman. $1 20@l 30,
average $1 29: Royal Anne. S2 40®4 05, average
%2 45; Black Tartarlans, S5c@£l 80, average SI 27.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 19. — Consols, 101 i-16@101 11-16.
Bllver, 27%d. French Rentes. lOlf 2%c. Wheat—
Cargoes Walla Walla, 27s 3d; English country
markets, quiet.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. May 09.— Wheat In Paris, firm:
flour In ?arls, steady; French country markets,
quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, E^d.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON. May 19.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 9525 bales. Good
Bcoured brought higher prices. Despite the ad
vance here there were some withdrawals of
this grade. Two shillings was bid and refused
for super-Victorian scoured clothing, "of which
9500 bales have been withdrawn since the open
ing owing to the firmness of holders.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. May 19.— Clearings, $217,£S1; bal
ances. $36,425.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 19.— Wheat— Dull; Walla
Walla, 61352c; valley, 61@52c; bluestem, 532540.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 19.— Wheat market quiet; no
Changs in quotations. Bluestem. 54c; club, Elc;
both for export. _
Gen Electric ..:...134ttf Parrot ...42*
Oen Elec prefd 137 Qulncy 135'
Mexican Central... 12T4 Santa Fe Copper... 4%
N E Gas & Coke... 16% Tamarack 17* 1
Old Colony 208 Utah Mining 27'4
Old Dominion 17 Wlnona 2V»
Rubber 28H Wolverines 3S^ 4
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 14H@19Hc; dairy,
13@16Vic. Chew, dull, 8Hs@9?ic. Eggs, easy;
fresh/lO^c -
William and Eliza Sharp to Charles Josaelyn,
lot on S line of Green street. 132:6 W of Bu
chanan. W 27:6 by S 137:6; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Lean Society to Michael
Oulllinan. lot on N line of California street.
70 E of Webster. E 35 by N 132:5; JSOOO.
Charles and Mary G. Josselyn to William
Sharp, lot on N line- of Clay street. 195 W of
Scott. W 25 by N 127:S»i; $10.
J. H. Jlunsttr to Ella M. Rohlffs. lot on XE
corner of CFarrell and Broderick streets. E 23
by E 92:6; $1000.
Sarah H. Blackman to Benjamin Mayers, un
divided one-third of lot on S line of Oak street.
»7:6 W of Shrader. W 75 by S 100; $10.
Benjamin Mayers to Sarah H. Blackman, a!l
Interest in lot on S line of Oak street, S7:( W
of Shrader. W 25 by S 100; $10.
William M. Burness to Sunan Burness. lot on
E line of San Carlos avenue (or Jessie street).
186 N of Twentieth street, N 24 by E 75; gift.
Henry Duveneck to Ernest A. H. Duveneck,
lot on W line of Alemany street, 230:3H N of
Seventeenth. N 12:4%. W 75. S 13. E 74:9*i; $10.
Louis Keppher to Hedwlg M. Keppler, lot on
NW corner of Twentieth and Noe streets, >»
93 by W 25; gift.
Edward Wllberg to George S. Crim. lot on 3
line of Twenty-third street, 145 "W of Harri
son. W 26 by S $0; $10.
Stephen A. and Mary I* Born to John E.
Lansrley, lot on N line of Jersey street, 80 E
of Diamond. E 2S by N 114; $10.
Same to Ella T. Sexton, lot on N line of
Jersey street. 106:S B of Diamond, E 2S:8 by
N 114: $10.
Anna B. Steiger <wlfe of J. George Steiger)
to Joseph Welssbein,' lot on N lino of Alvarado
Alameda County.
John A. Ben gs ton to John A. Johnson, lot 3,
block M. Golden Gate Tract, Oakland: $10.
P. *H. and Eugenie C. Reiliy to Re*tna
Reilly , lot on NE corner of Eighth and Ade
line streets, E 40 by N 125, block E46. Oakland
(qultalaim deed): $1.
Rosa Doollttle to Margaret A. Curry, lot on
SE line of Locksley avenue, 83 SW of Clifton
street. SW 50 by SE 100. being lot 86. map of
Locksley Square, Oakland: $10.
Same to Clara Gustafson, lot on BK line of
Locksley avenue, 133 SW of Clifton street, SW
50 by SE 100, being lot 35. tuna; $19.
Hugh and Anna S. Hogan to Nellie E.
Mathews, lot on W line of Twenty-first street,
70 SW from SW corner of East Twentieth- street
and Twenty-first avenue, W 100, S 35, E 100.
N 35 to beginning, being portions of lots 13 to
16. block 49. San Antonio. East Oakland: $S00.
Myron L. and Rebecca Wurts to Antonio
Iteis, lot S. block I, Kllnknerville Tract. Oak
land Township; $10.
F. Mathiesen to Alice C. O'Leary, plat or
subdivision D of the A. S. Ladd estate, town
of Llvermore. Murray Township; $23.
Jacob A. and Louisa Schilling to Katie
Kirsthbraun. lot on SE corner of Padnc avenua
and Hibbard street. S 130 by E 108. being lots
11 to 15. block 38. lands adjacent to Enclnal.
Alameda: »10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
4» do cp new..l34%135HlPac Ga« Imp.. 43«4 45%
*3 do coupon.. 109!»U0»^ Pac L Co 43 45
Miscellaneous— S F O & E.:.. 46H 45 T J
Cal-st Cab J 3 ..U3 — San Francisco. 4ft 4?,
C C Water 6s.lO3 10S?i Stkn G & E Co 10 -
gd L & P 6s --128% — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. .US — Flrem'» Fund.22T& —
Geary-st R 5s. — 95 Bank Stocks—
H C & s 5^s.. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 63 66%
Do 5s 103 108 Bank of Cal... 405 —
L A Ry Ss 104U10414 Cal S D & T..104 -
L A L Co 63... — — First National. — JM
Do gntd 6s.. — , — Lon P & A 132H —
Do entd 5s.. 99H101 Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A & P R 58.132^ — Ne T Nat Bank — —
Markct-st 6s,..128*i — i Savings Banks— x
Do 1st M 5s.. 117% — IGer S & L...133O —
N C N G R 7s. — 114 !Hum S & L.. — —
N R of Cal 6s. 115 — Hut Sav Bk.. 45Vi —
N R>*>f Cal Ss.Hf^i — ! h> F" Sav U 605 —
N P C R R 6S.1QU41P2H Sav L & So 74 73
NPCRR 5s.lO7?ilCS£is>ec Sav Bk... — —
N' Cat R K 63.112 — (Union T Co.... — —
Oak G L&HSs.lH — Street Railroads—
Oakffran 6s... 117HU7H California ....121^123
Oak W Co 5s.. — — jGeary-st SO —
Oceanic S Co.-lOS-JlO'^iilarket-st Ry. 62^4 63
Om C Ry Cs...U7H — lOSLi H io
P k Cl Ry 6s.lO4H — Presidio 18 -
P&ORR6S.115 — I Powder Stcck?—
Powell-st R 6s.l2t> — (California 1»> lTn
Sac L & G R3s — — IGiant Con Co. SS^i 90
S F St. SJV 5s-118'i — Vigorlt 2^» 2%
S Ry of Cal 6s.im« — Hugar Stocks—
S P of A 6S....114HHS IHana S P Co.. 7:4 8U
Do (W3) — 110 -Haw C& S Co — —
Do tl!«>6) aii%ll-i S Honokaa P Co. 32^, 32H
Do (1912) — 122»s' Hiitch S P Co 25 7 i 25%
Do 1st eg 5s.. — — jKilauea S Co. — 2!"-,
S P Br 6s 12SVJ — iMakaweli S Co 47^j 4*
S V Water 6s..ll4?ill5'.VOnomea S Co.. — 2SS
S V WatPr 4a..lii-« MS^iPaauhau S Co. 30>* 31U
S V W 3d m..lO2 102U 1 Miscellaneous—
Btocktn Gas 6s SJ — Al Pack Assn.m'i —
Water Stocks— - ICal Fruit Asn. M 100
Contra CoMa.. 72 72^'Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marin County. ?<• — 'Oceanic S Co.. 92'4 H
Spring Valley. 95& 96 iPac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pae C Bor Co.U9 —
Cent G L Co.. — — , Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Cent L & P 3*i
Morninr Session.
Board —
66 Contra Costa Water 71 73
20 Contra Ccsta Water 71 50
5 Contra C.jsta Water 71 37'4
23 Contra Costa Water 71 62's
10 Contra Costa Water 72 CO
113 Hlna Plantation Co 8 12Vi
35 Hana Plantation Co 8 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 26 CO
50 Paauhau S P Co 30 62'i
30 Pacific Coast Borax 149 00
10 Pacific Gas Improvement 45 37»4
SOS F Gas & Electric Co 46 73
$4000 Oakland Transit Co 6 per cents 117 25
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 107 00
$1000 S V 4 per cent bonds. 2d mortgage. .103 00
Street —
50 S F Gaa & Electric Co 46 75
PRODUCErtS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
200-Home Oil Co 4 90
100 Home Oil Co. b 30 4 90
Street—
100 Home Oil Co 4 g5
500 West Lake 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San FrancJsco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning- Session.
BOO Chollar 20 400 Ophir 60
10O Con Cal & Va.,1 50 300 Overman, 18
100 Crown Point.... 08 100 Potosl JO
100 Gould & Curry. 16 10O Sa.vag» 14
100 Mexican 23 100 Silver Hill 22
Following were- the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
• "Mornln? Session.
200 Crown Point... 09,' 200 Overman IS
1300 Gould & Curry. 15! SCO Potosl 20
300 Justice 02| 100 Savage 14
400 Mexican 29.10<» Silver Hill 22
700 Ophir 60> BOO Union Con 21
25 Ophir 631
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
6ATURDAT, May 19—33 m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 01 03
AJta 03 05 Kentuck — 01
Andes 06 07 Lady Wash.... — 05
Belcher ...: 10 12 Mexican 28 23
Best Ss. Belcher 2S 30 Occidental 12 13
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 5S 59
Caledonia 110 115 Overman 13 16
Cto'.lar 20 21 Potosi 21 £»
Challenge Con. 13 15 Savage 13 14
Confidence 70 75 Scorpion — (12
Con Cal & Va.l 45 1 50 Seg Belcher 01 03
Con Imperial... — Oil Sierra Nevada. 32 23
Con New Tork. — 03 1 Silver Hill 23 23
Crown Point.... 09 10 St Louis — 12
Eureka Con — 60 Standard 3 63 4 00
Exchequer 01 03 1 Syndicate — 09
Gould A Curry. 15 16 Union Con 21 23
Hale & Norcrs. 26 23 Utah 07 03
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 18 17
Receipts of Produce.
' FOR SATURDAY. MAT 1J.
Flour, ar sks .... 12.22S Hops, bales >;.' 7
Barley, ctls 4.630 Wool, bales 218
Oats ctls 3S0 Pelts, bdls 37
-Corn, ctls 135 Hides, no ........" 437
Rye ctls 650 Quicksilver, flsks 40
Cheese. -ctls 62 Raisins, bxs ..... 1.1S0
Butter, ctls 621jEgr3, doz 23.S3O
Tallow, ctls ¦¦ 257j Wine, gals 57,800
Potatoes, ¦ sks ... 2,504 Leather, rolls ... •¦• 94
Onions, sks 444 Lima,' bbls ...... 20
MWdllngs, sks .. 60 Chicory, bbls .... SO
Sugar, sks ....... 1.900jPaper, reams .... 433
Hay. tons 4791 ,
OREGON. -
Flour, qr sks... 815
Dealers continue to report an inactive and
featureless market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, He per Ib for heavy,
lie for light medium, 12o for light, Uc for ex
tra light and 14 for sugar cured. ! Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13i*@14c: Mess Beef. J13 per
bbl; extra Mess, 113; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork, JM 50<gi5; extra clear. J19; Mess, J16 50;
Smoked Beef. 12U@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7©Sc per lb for com
pound and 8H@Sc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
8iic; 10-lb tins, 9*4c; 6-lb tins. 10V4c
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8*4®8%e per lb; half
barrels, 8%®S%c; io-lb tins, 9Hc.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Hides and Wool continue dull, with buyers
hanging back and stocks accumulating.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. 10©10Hc; medium. 9@9&c; light, 9®3**c;
Cowhides. 9^&Hc: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 10c;
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound, -13c; culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 1&{£17c: Dry
Calf, 19c; Sheepskins, .hearlings, 15830c
each; short Wool, 3o&60c each; medium, 7o<(iaoc;
long Wool. Sl@l 50 each; Horse Hides $2-32 50
for larze and Jl 25@1 75 for small; Colts. 25@
EOc. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 40c; fall
or medium skins. 35c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per Ib; No. 2.
4©4Hc; refined. 6c; grease, 2V483c
WOOL — Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, lSHU'tfc; Northern defective 13
@15c; Middle County, free, 15@17c; Middle
County, defective. 13@13c; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12Sg:i3c; do. free. 7 months', ll@13c:
do. defective. 7 months'. 13.t?12c; Humboldt and
Slendoclno. 20^ 21c; Nevada, 14<S17c per lb. I
Jacob Wollner's circular safs: j
"Our wool market is still dull, but there is
a little more looking around for choice north
ern wool. About 60,000 pounds were bought by
an Eastern purchasing broker from 15c to 16c.
There is a little more Inquiry for scoured wool,
but prices are nominal.
"Eastern markets are reported quiet, with
some sales on a lower basis.
"London sales, which opened tho 8th inst.
from 5 to 10 per cent lower, have somewhat
strengthened as the sale progresses. One hun
dred thousand bales will be withdrawn from
this sale, as the consignees expected higher
prices, and if all the wools which were put
in this sale had been offered there would have
been quite a slump in the market."
HOPS— «@llo per lb. Buyers are said to be
bidding as high as lie for new crop Sonoma,
and the, crop is reported light in that important
district.
- San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6®6%e per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL — Large, 7c; small. 8@8V4c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6H@?c; ewes. 636HC per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. S@SV4c per,lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%®5%c for small and'
"medium and 5tt&'5*fcc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders. 5K®5Kc; dressed Hogs. 7@8£c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, ?5 63; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 6%c; Wool Bags, 2S?tS32i£c; Fleece
Twine. 7%C. *
COAL— Wellington, JS per ton; new Welling
ton. $S; Southfield Wellington. $S; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $8;^ Co
operative Wallsend, $S: Cumberland, $12 In bulk
and |13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite
Egg $14; Cannei, $11 per ton; Coke, $16 per ton
In balk and SIS In sacks; Castle Gate and Rock
Springs, $8 45 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 10O-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crashed, 5.60c; Powdered,
6.20c; Candy Granulated, 3.20c: Dry Granu
lated 5.10c: Confectioners' A, 5.10c: Magnolia
A. 4.70c; Extra C, 4.60c; Golden C, 4.50c: barrels.
10c- more: half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c
more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or lta equivalent. Com-
Inos, half-barrels, 5.S5c; boxes. 6.10c per lb.
Provisions.
Poultry and Game.
The usual Eastern will, be put on to-mor
row.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, Iig>l2c for Gob
blers and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 £C@1 75: Goslings. $1 60@l 75; Ducks. $4 S0S5
for old and J5 50@S for youne: Hens. Jlff-i 50;
Young Roosters, $3@6: Old. Roosters. $4 25^
4 DO; Fryers. 13 50@4 50; Broilers, J3@3 50 for
; large and %\ 75@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 75$2
; per dozen for old and $1 73^2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
.... Butler, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is moving oft slowly and stocks would
accumulate were It ; not for packing. Cheese
Is quiet and unchanged. Eggs show no change,
being dull and in. ample supply.
BUTTER— • 7-7-
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17%SlSc; seconds,
17c.
Dairy— Fancy, 16®16»/4c; good to choice. 14®
15%c: common, 13%c.
CHEESE-New, 7>4®SV4c: Young America, »@
9V4c; Eastern, 16@l"c; Western, 15@16c per Ib.
EGGS-Quoted at 13®14c for store and 14#16r
per dozen for ranch.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The black Figs that came In from Yuma Fri
day sold at 50c per lb.
Peaches were In larger receipt, but firm.
Apricots also kept up. and Cherries cleaned up
in good shape at firm figures.
There was a general advance in berries, as
usual on Saturday.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
APRICOTS — 60c(g$l per box for Pringles and
$1@1 25 for large. Receipts were? 560 boxes.
APPLES — 75c@$3 per box; Green Apples, 35®
75c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $5#6 per chest for large
and $7@10 for small berries. Receipts were
405 chests. • y ,
GOOSEBERRIES — 23<ff3Oc per drawer for com
mon and 10c per lb for English.
RASPBERRIES-J7013 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES-J10 per chest. Covicas,
12Hc per basket. Logan berries, 40@50c per
drawer.
CURRANTS— $2 SC@5 per chest.
CHERRY PLUMS— 50®75c per drawer.
PEACHES— n 25@2 per box.
CHERRIES— 20@40c per box for red and white
and 35<g60c for black. In bulk, 4tJ3c for black
and 2H l ?*'3Vic per lb for whjte. Receipts were
5510 boxes.
CITRUS FRCITS-Xave! Oranges. 51 50®2 75
per box; Seedlings. Jl@2; Lemons, ?1@1 50 for
common and $2(&2 £0 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4 50115; Bananas, $1 23@2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, 13 5C@4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, \Nuts and Raisins.
Prunes are the only fruit 6bowing any life
at the moment. They are cleaning up slowly.
though at the low basis of 2c, and stocks are
smaller than usual at this time of the year.
The California crop Is an average one, the
Oregon and Washington crops are slender, and
the only obstacle in" the way of a good mar
ket next Fall is the abundance of the European
crop, which will doubtless have Its effect.
DKIEL) KRU ITS— Prunes. In sacks. 3^<t»*c for
40-50's, 3%c for 50-60" s, 3c for 60-70" s, 2%@2%c for
70-80' s. 2c for 80-90' s and l%Sl=ic for 90-100' s;
Apricots, 9g-10c tor Royals and 10@llo for Moor
parks; Peaches, 4HS4&C for Standards, Be for
cholca. and &V4@6c lor fancy: Peeled Peaches, 10
®12Vic; Evaporated Apples, S'/ifgSc: Sun-dried.
3@4c per lb; Pears, 3>*®4%c for dark and 7®8c
for bright halves; Black Figs. lftgSc; White
Figs, 2@3c; Bleached Plums, 7&c; unbleached
Plums, 6c for pitted and lV&c for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c: un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, &V4c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6V4c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, Be; Seedless,
50-lb boxest'Sic; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, &%c:
3-crown, 6>»c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, Jl 50 per box; 3-crown, SI 60. Fancy
Clusters. |2; Dehesa. *2 50; Imperial. *3. All
prlcee are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts, 809c -for Standards and 9©
10c for softsbells; Almonds. llH©12c for paper
shell. 9@l0c for soft and 405c for hardshell.
Peanuts. 5*i@G%c for Eastern and 5o for Cali
fornia. Brazil Nuts, 7&@8c. Filberts, 12®12</4c.
Pecans. Il&l3c. Cocoanuts, $4 5C@5. f •
HONEY-Comb, ll%@12c for bright and 10H®
lie for light amber; water white extracted, 7%c:
light amber extracted, 6&S7c; dark. 5}»<S*c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24®26c per lb.
per dozen for hothouse and $2 25 per box for
Marysvllle; new Garlic, 6@6c per lb.
Sugars— Cut loaf, 8.93c; • granulated. 5.87c; con
fectioners' A, S.33c ; off A, 5.78c Clover, con
tract trade, |7. ¦ ¦• ¦
THE SAN FR AKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; MAY 20, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
31
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
ARTICLES.
OpenJHlsh.
ii>dw. ;
I Close.
65T4 68%
67% 67%
27% 37%
38% ssvi
2STs 33
22\ 22%
22H 2214
21*4 21H
11 75 11 80
7 02H 7 05
7 05 , 7 07%
6 67% 6 70
6 70 6 70
i
!
Wheat No. t— .
May
Juty I
Corn Na. 2—
May
July •¦
September .--•
Oats K6. 8—
May -•
July "
September
Mess Pork, bbl—
July ........
Lard. 100 lbs—
July •--
September
Short Ribs. 100 lb»-
July •••
September ......... "•••
. 65%
67
- 87%
• 3S%
22%
22%
21%
65H
67%
87H
SS
3SH
22%
22H
1175
1177%
7 00
7 02%
7 02%
7 02%
6 67H
6 67%
6 70
6 67%
ARTICLES.
I Receipts.
Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 8,000
¦Wheat, bushels 23,000
Corn, bushels 100,000
Oats, bushe!^. 203,000
Rye, bushels? J.OOO
Barley, bushels 35.000 •
5.000
50,000
163,000
101.000
ii.'doo
Steamer, j Destination.
Salli.
Pier.
Wai. Walla Vic A Pfrt Sd. May 21. llam'pier 9
Corona . JSan Diego May 21. HamjPieT It
Zealandla .Cape Nome.... May 21. 3 pm Pier/ 7
Pt. Ar*>"a..'Pi)lnt Arena.. May M, :piri'Pter 2
North Fork|Humboldt May 21. 1! m|Pler 2
Sequoia |Cape Nome.... May 22. 3 pmiPler 2
Bonlta ...'..I Newport.. May 23, S»am!Pierlt
State of Cal'Oreiron Ports. IMay 23. 11 amIPier 21
Pomona ... Hurnboldt IMay 23. 2 pm!Pler »
Knsger Tillamook May 23. 12 mlPler 2
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May S4. 2 pm Pier IS
Santa Rosa. San DleffO May 23. 11 ami Pier 11
Umatllla .. Vie & Pgt 3d. May W. 11 am Pier 9
Noyo Cape Nome May 26,
St. Faul.... Cape Nome.... May 26.
Valencia ... Cape Nome..;. May 26
Arcata ..... Coos Bay. May 16. 5 pmlPler 13
Coos Bay... Newport....... May 27. 9 am Pier 11
Isr.iIariPC.il Mexico May 2S. ; I..
Colon ...... Panama....... May tt, 12 miPMSS
Columbia ..(Portland...... May 2S. llam!Pier2*
Steamer. I From. I Du».
From.
v , 2
City of Peking. (China and Japan tMay 20
Samca JHumboldt |May 2>
Colon (Manama (May 2J
State of Cal 'Oregon Ports 'M.ijr m
Robt. AdamsonlXanalmo !May y*
Irnac. MarlscaljManzaniUo I May 23
l-oraura iHumboldl '. [May -t
nonita ..(Newport (May 21
Humboldt jSeattle I May 21
lEnersia [China and Japan |May 21
Australia IHonolulu iMay 12
Umatilla 'Victoria & Puget ScundlMar K
Mattea*an [Tacoma |May 22
Santa Rosa San Dietro.../ IMay 23
W'arfleld Oyster Harbor Mar 23
Crescent City. .. (Crescent City..... May 24
Coos Bay Newport IMay 23
Columbia Oregon Ports 'May 2.»
Point Arena Mendoclno May 25
Arcata. Orepon Ports May 25
Tellus Oyster Harbor..... May 25
North Fork IHumboldt May !«
Corona San Diego.* May 27
Curacao Mexico May 27
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 27
Del Norte Oregon Ports [May 23
K-. .'
, -i
3un rises 4:59
Sun sets 1\\%
Moon rises ..0:00 a. m.
C ITlmej 4T1ma jTlmel ITSmel
5. j Ft. Ft. Ft. I ! Ft.
? H W JL W ; H W L W
13 .
:i .
!0 ... 2:371 4.9> 9:47 0.2! 3:0o! S.2! ;0:37 I.«
tl ... 4:13 4.«j 10:40 0.6 S:43l 6.4 11:4S ! t.O
!2 ... 5:J7J 4.41 11:S7 1.1 g:*>| 6.« I
!3 ... 0:50! 1.3 7 :0 o 4.3! 12:33 1.3' I'M] 5.S
!4 ... 1:45| 0.7 S:15 4.4! 1:25 2.0* 7:59'. 6.1
!3 ... 2:41 0.0 9:23 4.4 J:15| 2.3! 8:41' 6.2
16 ... 3:33-— 0.5 19:28 4.5 1:04! J.8! 9:2fi: «.S
Steamer, j Destination.
Salli.
Pier.
Wai. Walla Vic A Pfrt Sd. May 21. llam'pier 9
Corona . JSan Diego May 21. HamjPieT It
Zealandla .Cape Nome.... May 21. 3 pm Pier/ 7
Pt. Ar*>"a..'Pi)lnt Arena.. May M, :piri'Pter 2
North Fork|Humboldt May 21. 1! m|Pler 2
Sequoia |Cape Nome.... May 22. 3 pmiPler 2
Bonlta ...'..I Newport.. May 23, S»am!Pierlt
State of Cal'Oreiron Ports. IMay 23. 11 amIPier 21
Pomona ... Hurnboldt IMay 23. 2 pm!Pler »
Knsger Tillamook May 23. 12 mlPler 2
C. D. Lane. Cape Nome.... May S4. 2 pm Pier IS
Santa Rosa. San DleffO May 23. 11 ami Pier 11
Umatllla .. Vie & Pgt 3d. May W. 11 am Pier 9
Noyo Cape Nome May 26,
St. Faul.... Cape Nome.... May 26.
Valencia ... Cape Nome..;. May 26
Arcata ..... Coos Bay. May 16. 5 pmlPler 13
Coos Bay... Newport....... May 27. 9 am Pier 11
Isr.iIariPC.il Mexico May 2S. ; I..
Colon ...... Panama....... May tt, 12 miPMSS
Columbia ..(Portland...... May 2S. llam!Pier2*
Steamer. I From. I Du».
From.
v , 2
City of Peking. (China and Japan tMay 20
Samca JHumboldt |May 2>
Colon (Manama (May 2J
State of Cal 'Oregon Ports 'M.ijr m
Robt. AdamsonlXanalmo !May y*
Irnac. MarlscaljManzaniUo I May 23
l-oraura iHumboldl '. [May -t
nonita ..(Newport (May 21
Humboldt jSeattle I May 21
lEnersia [China and Japan |May 21
Australia IHonolulu iMay 12
Umatilla 'Victoria & Puget ScundlMar K
Mattea*an [Tacoma |May 22
Santa Rosa San Dietro.../ IMay 23
W'arfleld Oyster Harbor Mar 23
Crescent City. .. (Crescent City..... May 24
Coos Bay Newport IMay 23
Columbia Oregon Ports 'May 2.»
Point Arena Mendoclno May 25
Arcata. Orepon Ports May 25
Tellus Oyster Harbor..... May 25
North Fork IHumboldt May !«
Corona San Diego.* May 27
Curacao Mexico May 27
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 27
Del Norte Oregon Ports [May 23
K-. .'
, -i
3un rises 4:59
Sun sets 1\\%
Moon rises ..0:00 a. m.
C ITlmej 4T1ma jTlmel ITSmel
5. j Ft. Ft. Ft. I ! Ft.
? H W JL W ; H W L W
13 .
:i .
!0 ... 2:371 4.9> 9:47 0.2! 3:0o! S.2! ;0:37 I.«
tl ... 4:13 4.«j 10:40 0.6 S:43l 6.4 11:4S ! t.O
!2 ... 5:J7J 4.41 11:S7 1.1 g:*>| 6.« I
!3 ... 0:50! 1.3 7 :0 o 4.3! 12:33 1.3' I'M] 5.S
!4 ... 1:45| 0.7 S:15 4.4! 1:25 2.0* 7:59'. 6.1
!3 ... 2:41 0.0 9:23 4.4 J:15| 2.3! 8:41' 6.2
16 ... 3:33-— 0.5 19:28 4.5 1:04! J.8! 9:2fi: «.S
ARTICLES.
OpenJHlsh.
ii>dw. ;
I Close.
65T4 68%
67% 67%
27% 37%
38% ssvi
2STs 33
22\ 22%
22H 2214
21*4 21H
11 75 11 80
7 02H 7 05
7 05 , 7 07%
6 67% 6 70
6 70 6 70
i
!
Wheat No. t— .
May
Juty I
Corn Na. 2—
May
July •¦
September .--•
Oats K6. 8—
May -•
July "
September
Mess Pork, bbl—
July ........
Lard. 100 lbs—
July •--
September
Short Ribs. 100 lb»-
July •••
September ......... "•••
. 65%
67
- 87%
• 3S%
22%
22%
21%
65H
67%
87H
SS
3SH
22%
22H
1175
1177%
7 00
7 02%
7 02%
7 02%
6 67H
6 67%
6 70
6 67%
ARTICLES.
I Receipts.
Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 8,000
¦Wheat, bushels 23,000
Corn, bushels 100,000
Oats, bushe!^. 203,000
Rye, bushels? J.OOO
Barley, bushels 35.000 •
5.000
50,000
163,000
101.000
ii.'doo
I will s-11- Two carloads of Herses and Mares
from the Oregon ranch, the same class of
horses as scld last Monday; also 12 head of
Draught Mares, suitabla for contractors or
ranch work: 1 four-year-old station, weighs
1«00: 1 bay Mare, with colt by her slje sireu
by Iris; 2 heavy Draught Te-ams. welsh over
3400. This stock can be setn at yards up to
day of eale/ and must be soM to highest bld-
3«r. S. WATK1X9. Auctioneer.
MONDAY
May 21st. -at 11 O 1 Clock A. II;
AT SWITZER'S SALE YARD, TWELFTH
AND HARRISON STREETS.
fe»AUCTION SALEfe*
MAMMOTH CUT LOOSE SALE of the con-
tents of a carriage and wason repository. 1149
FOLSOM ST.. near Eighth, and 6S1 to 6S7
Clementina St.. THURSDAY. MAY 24. at 11 a.
rn. This sale is called to close an estate and
everything offered must be sold. The stock con-
sists of handsome rubber tire Surrey, Road Bug-
gies, Carts, etc. : 1 first-class 12-ra3se.iser Wag-
onette; 2 Hacks, fine cut-down Furniture Wag-
on. 10 fine Express and 20 Delivery Wagons: S
Buckboards; 30 open ana top Buggies; 7 Wag-
ons suitable for bakers, laundrymen. etc.; S
Chests of Tools. Paints. Varnish, etc.; 20 head
of good gentle Horses, suitable fcr all purposes;
a private Read Horse. Buggy and Harness,
which I consider cne of the best that goes over
the road, gentle for lady to drive: lf>0 seta new
and seconJ-hand double and slnsle Harness,
fc'adJles, Bridies, Whips, Robes, rte.J also two-
story BuiMinic. with elevator, Furr.Iture and
Carpets of a 4-room fiat: the fcuiMir.s fronts on
two streets: the ground rent only $3) per month:
the flat alone worth the amount. This 1» a
grand opportunity for some to engage In a fine
paying business at once, as the good T.ill, build-
ins and contents are cut loose to the highest
bidder and must be sold. It will pay Intending
purchasers to wait for this sale, as they wifl
surel* secure some grand harsrains.
S. WATK1.SS, Auctioneer.
£^ AUCTION SALE! £^
AUCTION SALESDivorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Hannah Sixnmonds against ; Thomas C.
Slmmonds for cruelty, George Schmitt
against Marguerite Bchmttt for intemper
ance, Lucius Little against Carrie E. Lit
tle for cruelty, Florence E. Wells against
George H. Wells for desertion and Annie
F. Jones against George D. Jones for de
sertion.
Raid on Delinquents Postponed.
Assessor Dodge announced yesterday
that the proposed raid on those delin
quent upon their unsecured personal
property tax will not take place to-mor^
row. On Tuesday morning a force of
deputies will go the rounas of the city
¦with an express waeon and cart to the
City Hall any portable property found on
the premises of people who have not paid
their personal property taxes. The pub
lication of the Assessor's threatened ac
tion had the effect of brln&lner a large
number of taxpayers to the office yester
day, and in the hone that all will pay ud
, ,. .» -.. .»..—;•-.•? - •. 1 .i-vw
Don't Miss To-Morrow.
The last week of the Boston Shoe Com
pany's sale will be a corker. To-morrow
we will sell the finest lot of men's sample
shoes, consisting. of tan, vici kid and box
calf, worth from $3 50 to $6, for only Jl 60
a pair. Of course, the 2000 pairs of ladles'
shoes on our table for. 50c a pair will
bring all the ladies to the Boston Shoe
Company's shoe sale, 775 Market street,
near Fourth. ,.'....
PRINCE DOLGOROUKOFF
HERE ON BIG BUSINESS
Russian Nobleman at the Palace Try
ing to Forward Trans-Siberian
Project. :-/-'
! Prince Alexis Dolporoukoff of Russia
arrived Jn this city last night and regis
tered at the Palace Hotel. He Is In this
city both as a representative of the Rus-
Elan Government and also to look out for
private business interests connected with
the big Russian-American Commercial
Company, which was originally formed
lor the purpose of operating along the
line of the Trans-Siberian Railway Com
pany.
This company has a capitalization of
$3,000,000. One of its big ventures is to
! run a line of steamships from this port
to the Orient, and to establish connec
tions with the preat Russian railroad.
Memorial Service.
Next Thursday night Buena Vista Par
lor, Native Daughters of the Golden
West, will hold memorial service in its
hall in the Native Sons' building.
The Diamond Was Glass.
A. I*. Rehfeld, saloon-keeper, Lyon and
Greenwich streets, swore to a complaint
In Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday for th«
arrest of A. Harris, a member of the
Hospital Corps at the Presidio, on a
charge of obtaining 1 money by false pre
tenses. Harria sold an alleged diamond
ring a few days ago to Rehfeld for $13.
and now Rehfeld has discovered that the
"diamond" is nothing but plain glass.
Rehfeltl came into prominence some
months ago by some soldiers attempting
to burn and wreck his saloon.
J. Bubb Steps on an Engine Belt at
the Cliff House With Disas
trous Results.
J. Bubb, a well-known resident of Santa
Clara, met with a singular accident yes
terday morning at the Cliff House. He
was boring a well for drainage above the
Sutro baths when something went wrong
with the engine. He walked forward to
see what was the matter and stumbled.
While recovering himself he accidentally
stepped on the engine belt and was
thrown about eight feet in the air. His
right leg struck an Iron bar and he went
head foremost into a barrel.
The ambulance was summoned and he
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where It was found that his leg was frac
tured. His head was also bruised by com
ing In contact with the barrel. He was
taken yesterday afternoon to his home In
Santa Clara.
THROWN IN THE AIR
AfilD HIS LEG BROKEN
City Attorney Says Ordinance Grant*
ing Right of Way on Illinois
Street Is Valid.
The City Attorney filed an opinion ye»
terday with the Board of Supervisors In *
which he holds that if the proper enact
ing clause is inserted in the proposed or-*
dinance granting a franchise to the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Railway Com
pany to construct and operate a railroad
along Illinois street it will be entirely
valid. The opinion continues:
"The franchise is for forty-five years,
but under the charter the city can grant
franchises to street railways for but
twenty-five years. That the railroad to
be operated on Illinois street is not a
Btreet railway should affirmatively appeaz
to save possible question later."
VALLEY ROAD WILL BE
GIVEN ITS FRANCHISE
Assemblyman De Lancie
Will Take His Place as
Deputy Marshal.
Milt Green Obtains the Appointment,
It Is Said, on Behalf of His
Friend, United States
Senator Perkins.
—• |
The dull thud of the political ax will be
heard on June 1 in the office of United
States Marshal John II. Shine, and the
head of Deputy United States Marshal
Harry Mofiitt will roll into the basket.
His official shoes will be worn by Richard
de Lancie, Assemblyman' from Butte
County. It is understood that Mr. de
Lancie'a appointment was asked for by
Senator Perkins through Milt Green.
Mr. de Lancie bears an excellent repu
tation and is no stranger to official life.
He served for a while as deputy Bheritt
in Butte County and was County Treas
urer for several years.
Deputy Marshal Moffltt has held his
present position for six years and- will
leave the ottlce with a first class record
and the best wishes of all with whom his
duties brought him into contact. Marshal
Shine remarked yesterday that Mr. Moffltt
was one of the best officers he ever met.
There are . no Indications of further
changes In the office in the near future,
but political thunderbolts have a habit ol
striking very suddenly, and there is no
knowing what may happen before the
close of the coming campaign. Three
deputies. Including Mr. Moffitt, have been
smitten with the cold edge since Mr. Shine
took the office, and there remain only two
of the old force— Deputy Shelley Monck
ton and Office Deputy A. L. Farish. <¦
Mr de Lancie voted for Grant and aft
erward for Bard for United States Sena
tor.
HARRY MOFFITT
WILL STEP OUT
ON THE FIRST
The Board of Education Is receiving the
fullest support from the prominent edu
cators who have been appointed on a
commission to formulate plans for the
election and appointment of teachers in
the School Department.- The board at its
last meeting selected to serve on this
commission: Benjamin Ide Wheeler,
president of the University of California:
David Starr Jordan, president of Leland
Stanford Jr. University; Thomas J. Kirk,
State Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion; Elmer E. Brown, head of pedagogi
cal department of the University of Cali
fornia; E. P. Cubberly, head of pedagogi
cal department of the Leland Stanford
Jr. University, and Frederick Burk, prin
cipal of the State Normal School of San
Francisco.
Chairman Mark Is In receipt of a num
ber of replies from those honored with
appointment, in which they accept the
places and express indorsement" of the
plan. Benjamin Ide "Wheeler writes that
he accepts with pleasure the honorable
commission tendered him and says ho will
be glad to do what is within his power
to aid in the most beneflcient work which
the- Board of Education has prepared for
the new committee to undertake. Mr
Wheeler signifies his Intention of being
present at the meeting of the commission
on May 24.
B Dr. David Starr Jordan has also ex
pressed approval of the new commission''
and accepts a place tliereon. Elmer E.
Brown, head of the department of peda
gogy at Berkeley; Professor Elwood Cub
berley and Dr. Burk, principal of the
State Normal School, have all written to
Chairman Mark, expressing their willing
ness to act on the commission and ap
proving the. endeavor, to improve the
plan of selecting teachers In order that
favoritism may be reduced to a minimum
Superintendent of Schools Webster Is
likewise in hearty accord with the propo
sition, but says that the only way it can
be done is by competitive examinations.
He will attend the meeting of the com
mission prepared to urge the formulation
of a' system founded on that line.
"The election of teachers by competitive
examination," said the Superintendent
yesterday, "is the only method to elimi
nate political : considerations In the mat
ter, of their, appointment.-" I have not de
termined upon Just, how this can be done
In order to obtain the best results, but
the commission, should It take that view
of the situation, will no - doubt present
the wisest course to be : pursued in the
matter. I hoped to • see ¦ one or two busi
ness > men on - the • commission to give us
. .. «v .'-- ./*,...._
Chairman Hark Receives Notices of
Acceptance From Prominent Edu
cators Who Have Been Hon
ored With Appointment,
i
School Board's Educational
Commission Soon to
WILL FORMULATE
BEST METHOD TO
ELECT TEACHERS
Annual Gathering at the Occidental
at Which the Old State Officers
Dine.
The twelfth annual banquet of the Vet
eran National Guard of California took
place last evening at the Occidental Ho
tel and was the customary success t*f the
organization. After an elaborate menu,
Toastmaster George W. Reed arose and
in a succinct, pithy speech retold the his
tory of the old guard and 'introduced W.
M. Cubery, who responded to the first
toast, "The Old National Guard— What It
Has Been."
i Colonel T. F. Barry's subject was "The
New National Guard— What It Should
Be." Then came another colonel. H. P.
Bush, who spoke of the veterans and
what they should do to advance the in
terests of the guard. Captain George Fil
mer spoke of the National Guard Veter
ans in active service, and Colonel C. M.
Klnne wound up the toasts in a reminis
cent vein, "Departed Comrades."
Those present were:
General J. Hewston. Colonel H. P. Bush, Colo
nel A. E. Castle, Lieutenant Colonel II. J.
Burns, Major A. D. Grimwood, LW-umiiant Colo
nel P. L. Bush, Commander G. R. Sanderson,
Colonel C. Mason Klnne. Colonel T. F. Barry,
Major J. E. Millar, Lieutenant Colonel G. H.
I'iUVV. Cautain E. G. Elsen, Colonel C. C.
Fisher. Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Gifstlng,
Commander G. W. Ueed, Lieutenant John.
Middleton. C. Rosenberg, E. H. Prentiss,
Captain J. E- Kline. LJeutenant T. A.
Iivans, Lieutenant G. H. LanRley, Captain E.
Fitzpatrick. Cartain \V. R. Robertson, .1. L.
Iiowen. li. Schenk, I. D. Bluxome, J. Schwartz,
J. R. Weir. Captain George Filmer, Captain C.
1'. Le Breton, K. 1). Oakley. R. D. Cunningham,
W. M. Cubery. Major H. B. Hosmer, N. Cohn,
K. J. Sellick. Cartain G. D. Harvey, D. E.
Murden, C. \V. Radebald. Colonel W. C. Little,
Lieutenant M. Branson. E. W. Lewis, J. Myers.
H. N. Jaudin. Arthur KIdd. 8. Rosenthal, E.
\V. Lan?enbach. Lieutenant F. F. du Rose,
Colonel C. L. Taylor, E. T. Foley, Captain A.
A. Hank*. Major J. A. Margo. W. J. Myers, J.
B. Coffcy. B. J. Fell. W. J. Armstrong, F. J.
Hove. John Burns, Colonel A D. Cutter, Colonel
S. I. KelloES. L. J. ReuboM. F. A. Will, B.
Collins, C. 8. Benedict. J. W. Scott. F. A. Tag
gart. O Nolte, VV. P. Eaywell. W. H. Fuller, 1
A. Shula, A. H. Kennedy. Lieutenant George H.
Strong-. P. E. Vandor. John Middleton, H. Tur
t!n, I: McArfile, Major J. A. White. •
VETERANS OF NATIONAL
GUARD AT A BANQUET
the benefit of their practical ideas, but I
am confident that the known ability of
the gentlemen selected will devise the
most perfect system possible."
if given another day the Assessor will
not levy on the delinquents to-morrow.
Surrendered Themselves.
John I. Sabin. president, and Fred W.
Eaton, secretary ot the Pacific Telephone
and Telegraph Company, surrendered
themselves at police headquarters yester
day and were booked on three charges
preferred against them by Tax Collector
Scott. They were immediately released
on $300 bonds on each charge accepted by
Judge Cabaniss.
The Marion Coming Back.
The United States steamer Marion, as-
Fipmd to the naval m'.lltia of fte Na
tional Guard, which has been at Mare
Island undergoing a thorough overhaul
ing-, will return to this port to-day.
Complimentary Entertainment.
I>ast evening a complimentary enter
tainm< v nt and dance was tendered by
Court Star of the West. Ancient Order
of Foresters, and Friendship Lodge, An
cient Order of Workmen, to Frank J. Ma
truirf. a prominent member of both or
gaiiizaTions, in recognition of his valu
able services. The social hall of the For
esters' building, in which this was given,
was crowded. There was an interesting
programme of the vaudeville order.
As a sequel to the arrest cl Mrs. Louis©
Kelso and Miss Mary Hilborn on Friday
night on complaint of Mme. Annette
lx>ul»e HarbJdjre-ilaristajjy, 'who used to
be proprietor of a cloakhouse In Alameda,
a. search warrant case was heard yester
day by Judge Oalmniss. in which Mrs.
Maristany wa« the complainant and Miss
Hilborn, who Is also known as Mary Don
nelly, was the defendant.
Mrs. Maristany procured the eearch
warrant on Friday afternoon, after she
had swore to the complaints in Alameda
charging Miss Jillbom and Mrs. Kelso
with embtzzleraent. She sought to re
cover possession of a g&f skirt and tan
suit wnich she alleged Miss llllborn had
stolen from her. The articles were found
ax 4 CJrovn slr»-et, where Miss Hilborn
resides. Mrs. Maristany, who accom
panied the ofacer. saw a jacket which she
said bad also been stolen from her, but as
it was r.ut Induced in the warrant the
officer refused to taie it.
There wajs a lively scene between the
worn in whenthey faced <;aeh other In court.
Miss Hilborn said Mr?. Maristany had pre
sented her with the skirt, tan suit, jacket, a
hat and globes before she left fjr the t-ast
about two m<>nths ago for reasons txeet
known to herself. Sue v.-as surprised to
learn that the articles had been charged
up against her. She produced a letter she
had received from Mrs. Maristany in an
swer to one she had written her, in which
ehe acknowledged that she had not done
enough for her and said It was all a mis
take.
ishe scornfully denied the accusation of
embezzling $23 charged against her and,
gTrispine Sirs. Maristany by the arm.
said: "You dare not look me in the eyes
and say 1 stole that money."
Mrs. llaristany did not accept the chal
lenge, and retorted: "I am looking at the
Judge and not at you."
Mrs. MorlPtany claims that the tan suit
In dispute was not the one she had given
as a present to Miss Hilborn. Bhe said
that when she was called East to her
mother an Inventory of the stock was
taken, and shortly after her husband
made another inventory and found about
J4Ii0 -worth of stuff missing. He had given
Miss Hilborn $23 to send to her, but it had
never reached her.
The Judpe, after listening patiently to
the two ¦wompn, said It was a matter for
the civil courts and made an order that
the Fkizt and tan suit should be returned
to Miss Hilborn.
"That woman is an adventuress, your
Hnnor," said Miss Hilborn. "and I will
make her smart yet for having me ar
reste.1. She was to pay me $10 a. week for
traveling expenses, and I have never re
ceived a cent of It. The time has not yet
come for me to tel! what I know about
her."
Mis? Hilborn alletred that Mrs. Marfp
tany went East to get a civorce from her
husband, and Mrs. Maristany charges
that Miss Hilborn Is married and Is to
pet a dlroroe from her husband so that
sh*» ran marry another man who Is a
friord of Mr. Maristany.
Mrs. Maristany also secured a search
warrant for the recovery of $150 worth of
articlP5 which she alleges were 6tolen
from her by Mrs. Louise Kelso. or Lura
Walsh as she is named In the complaint.
The articles ¦were taken from 1520 Geary
street, where Mrs. Kelso resides, and are
now In the possession of the property
clerk. The cape will be heard to-morrow
morning.
Judge Cabnuiss listens Patiently to
Recriminations Between Women
in a Search Warrant Case
B-f ere Him.
WOMEN PREPARE
FOR A BITTER
WAR IN COURT
Mary Hilborn Scores First
Point Against Mrs.
Maristany. -
There is a division of opinion In the
National Guard as to the necessity of .a
division camp this year and as to the pos
sibility of running a division camp for
one vreek. Including transportation from
all parts of the State to Santa Cruz and
from Santa Cruz to the respective loca
tions of the several organizations, on $28,
000. At division headquarters it is stated
that It can be done, while others who are
looked upon as "facts and figures" In
camp matters say that that allowance is
not sufficient to meet the demands. Then
there are many who declare that there is
no necessity at this time for such^a gath
ering of the men of the various organiza
tions, as the majority of them would not
learn anything that they did not learn
during the time they were volunteers In
the Spanish-American war and learned it
more thoroughly than could be taught
them in eight days. The flle of the or
ganization is opposed to such a camp.
Those who compose that very important
part of the guard say that If the authori
ties have SSt.UCri to spend they would better
use the money for the purpose of putting
the guard on an effective basis instead of
getting up an affair for the sole purpose
of gratifying the ambition of three or four
of the higher officers. The First Regiment
of infantry is not in a condition to go
into camp nor is it possible to get it
ready by July unless it is the desire to
send it as was Faistaff's command, ail
rags and tatters.
General orders from Sacramento say
The report of Colonel J. F. Bureln. Inspector
Keneral of rifle practloe. filed in this office
May 10, 1900, shows the result of the skirmish
firtne lor the year 1S39, as follows:
Company C, Second Infantry, percentage for
trcphy. 23.M; Company A, Seventh Infantry,
20; Company F. Seventh Infantry, 19.87; Com
pany F. Second, Infantry. 19.43; Company E,
Sixth Infantry, 17; Company A. Second In
fantry, 10.54; Company G, Second Infantry,
16.2; Company O, Seventh Injpntry, 15; Com
pany M. Seventh Infantry, 14.t7; Com
pany B. Seventh Infantry, 1S.7; Company F,
fiixth Infantry. 13. 4S; Company A. Fifth In
fentry, 12; Company K. Seventh Infantry, tkti
Company C, Seventh Infantry, n.2; Company
L, Seventh Infantry, 10.9S; Company I, Sev
enth Infantry. 9.41; Company E, Second In
fantry, E.S; Company F, Fifth Infantry. 7.1;
Company O. Fifth Infantry, 6.9; Company C.
Sixth Infantry. 5; Company C. Fifth Infantry,
4.5.
Company C. Second Infantry, having received
the highest percentage under the rules govern
ing the contest lor the silhouette target firing
trophy, eald company Is hereby aw&rded the
custody of the trophy — a silk fla« now In the
possession of Company. M. Seventh Infantry —
until after the eklrmish firing lor the year 1900.
These orders also direct that "the Ra
tional Guard will parade for target prac
tice with small arms in the year 1900 dur
ing the months of May, June. July. Au
gust. September, October, November and
December. The practice of skirmish firing
will be held at the time of the encamp
ment, to be announced hereafter."
Captain C. M. Warner and Second Lieu
tenant George W. Meyers of Company I,
Liverrnore, attached to the Fifth Infantry,
have qualified before the examining board.
H. L. Deitrick. D. T. de Barnardl. Ed
ward O'Riley, B. F. Walls and H. M.
Bone of Company K. First Infantry, have
filed a protest against the action of the
officer who presided at the recent elec
tion of that company for having refused
to allow the names of Otto Schwerdfeger
and E. M. O'Rleliy to be presented as
candidates to be voted for. The protest
will be heard next Wednesday afternoon
before Judsre Advocate Dorn.
Colonel Berry announces the following
changes in the non-commissioned start' of
the Seventh Infantry: To be commissary
sergeant, Bert Rees. vice F. L. McRey
nolds, promoted battalion sergeant major;
to be battalion sergeant major, F. il Mc-
Reynolds. vice Rees, appointed commis
sary sergeant.
The following appointments have been
made In the same regiment: Company
I— To b* corporal. Roy Rafferty; Company
M — To be sergeants, W. G. Polcene and
E. A. Meacham; to be corporals Charles
XV. MeXalght, W, S. Huddleson and Berry
la Rue.
It Is Also Asserted Tliat a "Week of
Camp Life Would Not Improvo
Their Condition or
efficiency.
Claim Available Funds Could
Be Used to Better
Advantage.
STATE SOLDIERS
DO NOT WANT A
DIVISION CAMP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAY' 20, 1900
32
ADVZBTISE3HENTS.
1 TRADE MARK I
i Branded on Each Sho6. Q
I The New Shoe for Women. B
I Dsar to the heart, but not to D !
E thr purs?, is "Sorosis." u
M Like all good things, they're I 1
a imitated. Djn't be dtceived. j
l£ Not one pair soiJ in Ssn Fran- 1<
8 clico except at THE ROYAL. H
0 Almost every store now has an 1 '<
a imitation of so-called "Sorosis," |j
1 or som; mls!?ading nam;, which s'
[ Is kept in sto;k to sell en our H ,
I advertising. 'I
I Fcrtv styles S!:ofs/'(J|rt Cft I
I Every leather ' O VJU |
i sizes and widths^ \g nj
I that you cannot I U'
H get els-whrre. V Always. |j !
I 50 THIRD ST., r San Francisco. §
3 Second Sboe Store fron> Market. |j
3 Illuetrated Catalogue Free. t{
4- Room' Furniture
FOR $98.
EEDROOM— n*droom fct. 7 piece*, hardwood;
1 cood Wire fiprins. I rood Top M&ttreaa. l
PAK1/)K— • plecem OJ.lt or Mahopany Uphol-
ttered e^t.
DJN'ING-KOOM— 1 Harflxood Extension Table,
t, Oak Ch»lr».
KITCHEN— 1 Patent Table. 1 No « Sto%«. S
Chairs.
Tio »xtr» charxe on cr»dlt.
— juk:: tour ovsrs terms. —
EASTERN OUTFITTING CO n
1310-1312 Stockton St.. Near Broadway.
Open Evenings.
o~©-©-o-o- o-«-© -o-« -©-•-•- o- 0-0- o-o-o-o-#-<
...AT... <
REDUCED PRICES.:
i
To-Morrow and Following Days We Will Offer the Following;
86 NEW PLAID SKIRTS, newest cut, lined throughout with good per- Qft p fj •
caline, bound with corduroy," regular value $3.50— reduced to . . \j s. 1 J U <
120 BLACK CHEVIOT TAILOR-MADE SKIRTS, beautifully appliqued, O* Mr 1
good lining and well made, regular price $6— reduced to 0*71 *Tw ,
72 CREPON SKIRTS, tailor made, "newest cut and perfect hanging, full O r n ri ,
width, good lining, regular prie3 $6.50— reducsd to. Ou 1 U U
40 dozen PERCALE WAISTS, light and dark colora, well made, regular A r ft ,
prices 60c and 75c-reduced to .••• :. *fOC
25 dozen PERCALE WAISTS, assorted colors, perfect fitting and well made, 7c n
former prices $1 and $1.25— reduced to f JJb
35 dozen FINE WAISTS, assorted pique, dimity and percale, white and O j flfl '
colored, regular values $1.50 and $1.75— reduced to OliUU
Golden Gale M - Si House
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
-'--.-.-.nL-u-u— - Hale'a. ' . ' [ ' . Halo's. | Hale's. | Hale's.
1 i liRy in our preparations for moving^ please watGh Hale!s ifc J
B&H |-^ vSf^k •^'^rt to-day we show you two pictures of fashion's favorites — one dates back to 1820. the other is of the year t /-v n^,]^ £%
feUi I/?Orb7«>^^S xv 1900, and sketched in our cloak and suit department, we show you these two contrastinj? sketches to illua- /^^s/^O^^- : '"\F^k ? *8 £ (ski
||I| XfCs* \k trate how styles change. and to impress upon you how champed we arc in this old-fashioned store and i^^^^'"'^7* s^«^^H /^Jfr*l Of W*
|p2j >^/il\^\ Vk- how much more liberty we shall have in the new store now buildins:. we_ wish the women of 'frisco to 'A^^yfl vt' \) S&
§g?| f \woi\ rSj watch all our advertising with closer attention than ever, because we intend to make' prices that will t^V&x^k £*
S|s| . y£>\ V-P\^ll KvL save us the expense and trouble of rnoving the greater part of this stock into our new store, this VVifS i,V^' I V I??*53 SSOO 1*1
P>J ¥/\ XS^vVPfii we ek presents an unusual opportunity for you to secure Rood sillcs at a price worth looking into. /«&* ••& V$&4 ~ tW F&
Ir-M T*$$k \ ApI&£&\^& the leading fabrics this season are foulards, plisse silks that look like old-time seersucker ' in desisrn. \fu £££$<, %*'^\^^ VV J I 1 !*i
-39 Xr®§f<V \ V I anc * * ace str 'P es anc l corded effects in taffetas are much admired: in delicacy of texture and beauty 01 /^^V^^C^^^fe^ *^t "1 F^
EBB Yi^J^^J^C^Wir design both silks and wash fabrics are richer than ever and may be expected to be when we sny one n*S3 \^r^>4T^^»^S» y^2jCO/T3CJB?K
Ma xf ff '^^"^^W leading factory ¦ pays its art designer a thousand eagles a year, and we show some of the creations ot >£' . |fi
l/j/lV^ sa| e of vacation suits, waists, skirts and wrappers '^^^mT i \
y. ladies' tailor-made suits, in dou- ... one hundred white pique separate ladies' colored percale shirt ar *' ! '^?Miwl V' W fc?S
Ws^r'/ " v v^- /s -— ' . v\ A blc breasted eton jackets, silk taf- skirts, box pleat back, good full waists, nicely tucked down front, c^? jogj f?Ji
II l\ \ \\ Vk^ pleat 'back, sizes 32 to 40 $15.00 front and one row around bottom; P ink and white and lavender and *^^^^^^ry«^'^^
vg^V.y.£^v J\ s~\ Xr\JsZf\ a fine assortment of misses' tail- just the thing for the seaside. .S2.25 white, sizes 34 to 42 50c
!»• hnomrii onrl iinrloru/onr just in, new mercerized cotton with silk taffeta bow and \\m&0' 0m S&ae& t * im t**'
Wl nOSlBiy alia UnUBlWKdl foulards in navy blue, purple and flowing ends, trimmed with iubv OlHc fn hpailtV SIIPPIS V CMnfi HflW ' EJS
P misses' and boys' full fashioned blacks, elegant designs for full and silk fringe, fresh from our dlUd IU UCdUlJ, dpCUailjf £UUU UUW . B^i
iron thread black cotton hose, dresses and shirt waists: per yard own workshop; complete Qoc Ri cna rd Hudnut's violet almond concrete tincture of benzoin, for |^i
Mt hard twisted elastic maco yarn 40c , meal, for sunburn and to whiten whitening and preserving the fg^f
JK*3 good heavy weight, but fine rib O I ft TO II OHIO • he slcin : beautiful women use it skin 7^ Ki
JM and dressy, smooth lisle finish. ail nSGulBWOfK Ulillu IIUVbU instead of soap _\=;c cosmo buttermilk soap 25c g«
MBi deep glossy black narrowed ankle, new silk mantle and Diano 1am •' „-..,., Richard Hudnut's face powder, celluloid soap boxes 25c Egt3
W full fashioned foot, sizes 7 to 10, brwuins n™ color?nK the bS 7'f ' f brand of underwear'' f h and beam 5Oc curli iron5 |g
m excelleht value 20c °™}£ n % {^^ fS"^ 5 '^^ of which we think you know little and liichard Hudnut's cold cream of Linaud's violet toilet water: large |^
i SS^SSJT&^& broide^aSf stanl^ tp^ S»S ffl
p| edge, pearl buttons and covered designS( silk stitched ru ffl es , regu- T./J" , ir J n ""^noi >Zol? for removin S freckles, so liable aches 2;c fjM
E3 Reams three stvles lowneck.no larlv wArth rt-r nn „!'.«' of /men— /men. you say. why not wool f to come now $1.00 chamois for use with powder 5c 5*»4
M Ses/kn^Sg^; high neck; t^T^ silk " Xylfes. h ZeZ E^Tand tdTthl ato^f bottle Hstrol tooth powder Allen's florida. water «= M
• PI long or short s eeves. ankle frnccd edees three rows of drawn Ureece - £ 9yp* and India the art or 2 - c i arge bottle Riza s bav rum.... -»oc
m Wth the suit 50c work reSly worthT wearing fme porous linen was well 4 . oz . bottle vaseline 8c R. Hudnut's celebrated per- :.<:¦*
i cfn^'.Vv'i^Vn fast black lisle. : . on sale's;" « known? do you know the greatest of ycer ine and rosewatcr 10c fumes are kept in stock in all
g|| same,styles m fast black lisle.. .. .. ... ... .. .. .. .. ... . v on » aI «.« «J the ancient physicians-Moses-recog- M ennen's borated talcum powder the fashionable odors: per gg
Syi me sun /.t>- biiian lot oi nauu emoroiacreu mrarj Un „,,.,(„ n / i.nan itnrimru/pnrc - / 1 • 1 • • \ Bra9
E^ " , ( . • ... Mnchtel sotnrcs «;rnrf<; pni nized the purity of linen underwearf l5c ounce (sweet orchid is in vojrue) |Bs»
U% 100 dozen (50 of each in white spacntel squares and scans, em- do you ever read in Ezekiet, " they 1 bott i c o { witchhazel for ?oc frtsi
m and ecru) of children's french bro»dered in silk :and cotton these S J, be clothed with r ,nen gar- bites, sunburn, bruises \"T'l"\ M
ribbed cotton underwear, without will be put on sale at one-half reg- menis and no wool shall come upon and swelling 25c Sale Ol Sh86tS P^|
|SS5 fleece lining, medium weight for uiar prices. them , • » they shall not g{rd . ., , . .
i S e InrSef n^eM: man's wear anothar ribbon snap J&fat i
M tons, covered scams, pants nicely a c Iean-upin our gentlemen's in this all-linen underwear to read a 4000 yards ot Nos. 12 and 16 tat- two jizes, tor single and double
WM shaped, french sateen yoke bands, furnishing department— book about "the deimel linen mesh un- fcta moire ribbon good quality, oe a>.
M sizes 1 to S. for ages 2 to 15 years; a lot of men - s natura] cray wool derwear? - if you do. call or write. bright, pretty and ate colors; light size 04x90 riches eacn 35c g|
|» size I is 25c, size 2 is 30C. Sizes 3 mixed shirts and drawers, a gar- and we will give or send you one free. blue, medium blue, pink, tur- size 81x90 inches ....... .each 44c
W£ and 4 are 35c sizes 5 and 6 are 40c, mem of medium heavy weight; all better calf and see how really hygienic quoise. mle, lavender, heliotrope. l.ale^ Uo^be .varp siicet,.
m sizes 7 and 8 are 45c sizes in shirts from 34 to 481 this underwear is. you will have your salmon, mauve hunter's green. £ e^hcd 1. a erj heavy _ and d ; .ab.e.
m ladies' fine muslin umbrella drawers 30 to 40 sale price 59c eyes opened to its many advantages. cense, orange, white; the whole m special lavor with hospitals. W
M drawers, 19 inches wide at bottom. a lot of earners hair shirts and ,,?*?• lot bought d.rect from factory tor K 61 ?^^ 8 ' 00^™ 8 "^? »
m 9-inch lawn flounce trimmed with drawers good weight; were sold at .. McCa * s magazin6 - ior j une has J, *%,«**? *yl d"; "ak Sd SS^rSc^ar e Te^uired'^ M
1 wx™« a »£% inches^g- i^?^ih& Ss Ss^ffisSs? £ » iSSkT^ 1
m open or closed; unusual value, ooc 3^ 40 • sal^ce 75c fOWelingS S 5S £ {SU SS 'B VtM M
tte a lot 01 tan cashmere underwear, lna U p wash fabrics," "fashion notes." ««"«""o u . size 90x90 In! (note the size)) eailcr^c Eftgi
It? uoilitrr QnH hanrllrorfhiofc very nearly an all-wool garment ..Lme remeHlP* " "mothers' column " IOOO yards of 17-mch wide Rlass S :z f > &jxW In. (note the size). ea..724o faaSB
p^ veiling ana nanaKercmeis ami wcll worth $I . 5Oi but vve have ,/ >o y l re^' es -.. .. t Z etn 7ntT'""how toweling, in checks and piaid Pa t- 3 ize wxios m. (note the si^; a....^ g|
m, 1300 yards 18-inch plain and only the drawers-no vests-and , nb P bon ' silks and ' satin ,- : terns, regularly worth 8 i- 3 c per ¦
dotted tuxedo mesh veilings, in in sizes 30, 36. 38, 40, 42. 44. 46. ... Zenty-five other articles, get a copy yard; on sale at 6c "bBb . Kg
tan, brown, navy and black; good sa.e price 95c for r , ¥e cen is at our pattern counter. fiftlp thtnCT^ th?tf V/HHIPn V/^nt &0 ° P l! . Iow case3 OI , h " e
|5t value at 15c and 25c yard; clean-up , , . IIUlo Ullll^o ill a I WUIIlcll ifalll muslin, improves with first bun- E**3
if a t IOC in DUSV DaSement see how 3CQ bans of knitting cotton. dering. has a soft and smooth Kga
600 gentlemen's colored border -quart white mountain icecream fhe mS JLZTnai 'terns are " Hale>s brand"; per ball.. .4: hnish, ready for use. with a -inch gSg
W$i hemstitched handkerchiefs, being freezer, with triple motion, un- ,„£! %,rrn/i&^ 2 gross ol i-mch brush edge hem: ,.,,,..,
W$ the last of the big factory sale we doubtcdly for the price the best (P 9 J sklrt bm 4 in S . h ™* : size 45x36 inches (note the size). .. hw3
Pcd started last week; your choice.. oc freezer made $2.10 . protects skirt and lasts .each UC
fe^Ta , , , ., , , ...„. nf ,t 1p camp /¦—./•• /ass/ Ar-r—f7 well; per vard =;c size 50x36 inches (note the size) ... EM
KgJ i8co ladies' sample embroidered 3-qua« ot the same (^V. /jgT/ /£&/ *7S5v "' V,' ".- r . rnn ,. -fi eacn iVc t£&9
m Blffi a" drSm,re's bO sam- '^M W il^'™B s -^,6 inc,, C s (note .he^i.) . .. g
l||k (note the price). . .$1.60 tm — -^&Zj~®Oft >rtnftr*& ' on the paper, for 5c grade mushn \2\~t JgS
I " THE CREDIT HO USE" \
• Six Stories High *
j Cane-Seat, Dining Chair. Full j
j size, high, broad back, strongly j
j made chair. You would ordi- j
• narily pay $t for. a wood-seat, j
; but we got a car load of these j
j oane-seats for less than it costs !
j to make them 50 Cents ;
; Golden & Flemish oak & mahog- ;
j any chairs artistically. designed & j
j carved, ranging up to f2o. 1
j Many styles of superb Sideboards, j
j You couldn't help being pleased ;
• with them. Entertaining is easv j.
: with fitting furniture $13 to $135 j
S Zambesi (African) Moss Mattresses. ;
! Next to hair for lightness, freshness ;
| & cleanliness. For double bed; cov- |
j ered with strong, X ticking og 5
j Drapery Department— New lot of j
S Aladras curtains; pleasing patterns ;
: & designs. Especially desirable for j
S summer homes. As; low as $1.75. •
I CARPET DEPARTMENT j
; Thick, soft Nubian, Oriental Rugs. ¦
; ' Variety of design & color. Fringed ;
• ends. <2 feet 4 x 4 feet 4> $mo. j
J Free Delivery, Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley ;
I M. FRIEDMAN ;& GO. \
I •' (Incorporated) . j
I 233 to 237 Post St. Open Evenings ; J