THE SUNDAY CALL
I • -^ .IX;Minstrelsy has !orsr reared to picture the
eccentricities of the plantation darky.
Brudder Bones and Tamho at the ends
m-tke all the fun. K p rit!emen In full even
ing suits and white kid gloves meander
in romantic grounds for cullings. even
venturing in operatic fields. Instead of
the sole accompaniment of the banjo,
there is a full orchestra. Specialties un
hea/d of in the early days of negro miT
strelsy are introduced in the present en
tertainment.
There were no female impersonators and
if a wench character was put on the most
comical man of the crew was selected.
To-day female impersonators draw the
largest salaries, for It requires art to
know where fan in petticoats stops and
bad taste besins.
Barney Williams was the fir3t burnt
cork female impersonator and won a repu
tation for his sketch cf "Lacy I.onsr."
His success led to Imitator's and' there
are a number of female impersonators to
day whose light tenor voices are good ac
companiments to the characters they as
sume. ,
The fortunes of minstrels are variable.
Dealing in fun and good humor, making
a merchandise of wit and comicalities,
they learn to brave life's ills v.ith forti
tude and before the footlights or minslinff
with the world are jovial and companion
able
Alive to a joke they are peculiarly sen
sitive to a slight. Frank Lynch, a capital
banjo-player, delighted in telling jokes to
amuse his companions while awaiting con
veyance from town to town. He took;
great pride in recalling when "h> was
with Harnr.m." One day a member of
the troupe handed him the life of Bamtnn
just published, remarking thai he had
mentioned Lynch in his autobiography!
The passage f*>ad: "Mere I picked up en«
" Francis Lynch, an orphan vagabond."
The statement did not bear truth and
I..yncli to his dying flay cherished such ;t
hatred of the name of Barnum that none
dared mention the book in his presence
Ralph Kee!er. whep a lad. practiced so
violently "a w;:lk around and a hoe down"
In his room that he was turned out of tht>
boa rding-hou.se. He occupied an Import
ant position on thr minstrel stage when
h»> left it to beeonte a distinguished scenic
arJist of California.
Negro minstrels have never attained tha
popularity of their burnt cork imitators
The varied experiences o f the minstrels
of early days is well illustrated by the his
tory Of Morris Bros., Veil & Trobrld'e
From lS**-«3 they occupied Ardway Hal>
In Beaton, opposite the Oid South Church
and enjoyed a run of popularity that
called forth the "standing room only"
card" as early as l:3u p. m. month after
month.
They have all been transported over the
Btyx, and two of them. Trobridge anti
Vfll. abandoned burnt cork In the inter
est of agriculture, dying farmers In good
circumstances. Lou Morris, who also ac
cumulated wealth, bought a race track,
and left a comfortable competence to his
family.
Billy Morris, who -wore diamonds in
firofuslon and carried a bag of the spark
ing gems in his pocket and took pride in
displaying them, died destitute In a
drunken fit in a gutter in Boston.
Another sad side of minstrelsy is em
phasized In the dramatic death of a onca
prominent burnt cork artist.
When Frohman was managing ITaver
ly's minstrels during their European
tour they met at Manchester a nonr
broken-down minstrel. Ben Iceland Ha
•was passed into the show. In th~ plan
tation specialty r.s the las: note of "OM
Kentucky Home" died away the audience
was startled to see a stran^e-lookin?
tlgure advance from the pit to the foot
lights and distinctly plead: "Sinrr that
near old song again, boys: sing it again
for me. -Every v/ord is a friend, a homo
to me; sing it one« again."
They complied with the request, he
Joining in the chorus. At Its conclusion
bo resumed his Beat and at the close of
the performance it was discovered that
he was dead.
¦ The Mastodon Minstrels attended h!a
funeral in a body, sang "Old Kentucky
Jfome. Good-night" over hi* grave, and
left orders for a monument that mnrka
his resting place. "WILLIAM H. WEST. »
melancholy when asked if he were hun
gry, and reply; "1 ate a peanut last week. 1
is ineffaceable fr^m my memory and dis
played the artist."
For ten years Hice was without a peer
in his comic diltits.
In IMI a band 'of five comedians and
musicians associated together in LtVnch
burs, Va.. and were known as the Vir
ginia Serenaders. L P. Carter occupied
the place of interlocutor, which was then
as now a ready shaft for the end man's
wit. In addition to playing the banjo I.
Banford played the tambourine, while one
end man. C*. White, manipulated the trl
ansle at the other. Master Edwards
rnttled the bones and J. R. Meyers
si|U>akcfl the violin. Thc'cistumes worn
were in exaggeration of the dandy suits
STEPHEN C. FOSTER, author of
••Old Folks at Home," was the in
stigator of minstnlsy. and the
quaint old plantation eong of "Jim
Crow*! suggested the organization
of "Burnt Cork TrouJjadors. "
In the year lv"ll v "l FoaterJ who -was a good
comedian and singer, was tilling en <n
ragement in Cincinnati. Passing to ana
firoxn rehearsals Ms attention was arrested
by a negro omnibus driver, why inces
santly sang:
Turn about and wlio<>l about ar.d do J'.s *o!
And every time 1 turn about I dance Jim Crow.
The catching words and melody made
puch an Impression that he hastened to a
t neater where IV. U. Rice was burlesqu
ing Scotch and Irish characters and sur
gested that he Jrarn the r-ong from the
negro, imitate his misfit clothing and
bnng it out as a new feature in his spe
cialty business. He secured the uitty. but
deferred its introduction.
Kice"s next engagement was in Pitts
l.urp. At Oriftitns Hotel he discovered
BXnong the attaches a negro who was a.
character. Kmploy^O in transferring bag
pace from the boats he enhanced his ex
chequer by letting the boys make a catch
penny treasury of his open mouth.
Hice at onro cultivated his acquaintance,
took him to the theater and bribed the
r.ejrro to direst himself of some of his
rags. Leaving him in the wings he donneu
the raiment and appeared at the foot
lights sMnpiiiff "Jim Crow." The dellghu-a
audience demanding an encore. Kice re
turned to repeat his song, when a voice
from the winfrs screamed lustily: "Oh,
Massa Kice. u<> give niggah his clo's!
Heah dat whistle ob dat boat? Ginger
Preferring to a rival sable porter* don t;et
ell df>m passengers for his hotel."
The suoct-ps of the new venture at the
Fifth-street Theater was heralded far and
near, and the music house of Peters &
Co. of Cincinnati published "Jim Crow,"
with an embellishment on the cover of
Kice !n costume.
The popularity of the "Father of Mln-
Ftreisy ' increased daily. The boy on his
vay la school whistled it; the plowman as
he turned his furrows in the oarth bade
hi* team "Turn about and wheel about
and do jfs so."
The lawyer's sanctum was invaded by
"Jim Crow," an<l tfc* merchant in his pri
vate office hummed "Wheel about and
turn about."
The demand for a wider field of this
kind of melody was i«*cogniz«»d. "Old Vir
ginia Never Tire" and "Zip Coon" fol
lowed "Jim Crow." and wer«- disseminated
throughout the land by the postman, then
one of the best vehicles for introducing
novelties.
I.ike the troubadors of ancient dayn.
tvhen the burnt <ork minstrels travefed
from place to place doors were thrown
open for thHr reception.
Foster, 'vho was a neur relative of
President Buchanan, made his first ven
ture when <iuile younp. as a composer of
riecrro melodies, and was the author of
"Old I'ncle Ned." "Oh, Susanna." "Old
Folks at Home" and "Old Kentucky
Home"— the two latter sours popular to
this day — and a host of others.
A frl"n-l writing to Foster from Europe
FEid 'Tiide Ned" was famlllarlv known
to the dwellers in tents at the Pyramids
and "Oh. Susanna" sung by the cottagers
en the Clyde."
Not only did th^ minstrel performer?
Imitate the parb of the nejeroes; but even
the instruments with which they accom
panied their plantation ditties. J?anios
(very crude j>erfcrc*>i were originated by
tor- negro, and consisted of a eo»rd with
o. circular hole cut on one sid*>. the neck
having pegs introduced to hold twine
strings stretched tishtly its full lencrth
and fastened at the lower e«>Re. The
banjo proper Js an evolution of the primi
tive Instrument of the negro.
American minstrelsy ha* received the
approbation of foroijjn and home celebri
ties, hoth Thackeray and Washington
Irvine basing been unstinted In its praise.
Hdwin Forrest. Fpeakiner of Dan Rrv
ant s sketch. "Old Time's Rocks," remark
ed. "There was not a finer bit of acting
to be seen in .America ;it that time that:
Bryant In hi? broadly funny wit." Said
the tragedian, "His quaintly depicted
"BILLY WEST" GIVES THE ORIGIN AND HISTORY OF NEGRO MINSTRELSY: ALSO SOME INTERESTING ANECDOTES
professional man and be was instructed
how to weigh and tabulate every ounce
of food consumed at his table. A Chinese !
laundryman was taken as the type of the J
average manual laborer and a Chinese j
gardener as the hard worker. I
It's one thing to eat the soups, salads
and other etceteras prepared by a moon
factl mandarin who presides over your
shining cookstove. It's another, matter
when it comes to dining "en famllle"
with your Chinese laundryman or your
Chinese gardener. Yet that is exactly
what Professor Jaffa did.
All sorts and conditions of people have
made .ill manner of dietary tests, from
living on raw vegetables to living on
Alger beef. Professor Jaffa himself has
made some very interesting experiments
on Infants" diet. However, others have
also studied alone: this line. But Profes
sor Jaffa is probably the only man in
college, or out. who fo.r three weeks broke
bread with the almond-eyed aristocrats
who "do tvashee velly cheap" and sell
v< £« tables "velly fresh, velly good."
Sam Lrng and Charlie Hop were the
gentlemen who played mine host to the
assistant professor of agriculture of the
State L'nlversltr. Professor Jaffa was
frequently accompanied by T. J. Snow,
who helps liim in his dietary experiments.
Mor-t people would be delighted to have
a college professor as a guest. Is'ot so
with Sam Lung and Charlie Hop. They
shook their round heads and blinked their
slant eyes, and without even a "velly
polly" they insisted that they would not
let Professor Jaffa share chopsticks with
them. This may have been the retort
courteous according to the Chinese Ches
terfields, but in the argot of the Berkeley
freshman, it was a "cold turn down."
Professor Jaffa was not to be daunted.
Tli" authorities at Washington had re
quested ihat if possible Professor Jaffa
make a study of the diet of the Chinese.
But the harder Professor Jaffa persisted
the mure Btroftgly Sam Lung and Charley
ji..ji resisted.*
They didn't want a "Mclican man" eat
ing rice with them, or riipbllng at 'the
other and strange articles that go to make
the Chinese menu: "Him professor come
to table, ail my washmen go on stiike."
said Sam Lung. In other words Sum
Lung's laundrymrn thought it beneath
their Oriental dignity to eat with a meru
college professor.
Charley Hop was a little more polity,
but equally firm. Charley runs' a large
vegetable garden in Berkeley, and the veg-
In vogue, being blue cloth swallow-tail
coats, double-breasted, fastened by four
shining brass button?. Th^ir hats were
grotesque Imitations cf the silk stove
pipe, with broad brim and narrow crown.
Widening toward the top.
This organization had the proud dis
tinction of bring the first minstrel troupe.
The Boston Minstrels followed, with an
added member, who played the accordion.
The songs partook'of the camp-meeting
order, jubilee singing, imitation of roust
about music, as "Dey Floated Down the
Ohio." or "Lubly Louisiana Belle."
As the songs of the negroes wore full of
cheerfulness, even to their camp-rnecting
ditties, their Imitators copied the min
strelsy they were supposed to represent.
The programme of that day contained the
songs, "Dandy Jim of Caroline." "Miss
Lucy Long." "Old Dan Tucker," "Uncle
Lucy Lens," "Oh, Susanna."
P PROFESSOR M. Tl. JAFFA of the
I'nivorsity of California Is living
like a white man again. For three
weeks Professor Jaffa tried the diet
of John . Chinaman. Collejje pro
fessors are seldom gourmands, but
there are not many of them who would
voluntarily Inflict their palates with Chi
nese fare.
Professor Jaffa lias charge of the ex
periment station of Californ'a. The tflj-
Ject of thi»>-e stations, which the Depart
ment of Agriculture at Washington has
*stablished throughout the United States.
1p to get data On the various food materials
and their nutritive and economic value.
The reports submitted by th<- experts are
published at Washington in. bulletin form
and are ih«-n sent broadcast to colleges
and dietary students.
I-jiFt year the food experts met in San
Francisco. Few of our visitors leave us
•without carrying away some souvenir fof
Chinatown— lrom a chopstick to a kimono.
These gentlemen? whose business It is to
analyze, weigh and compaie the food of
mankind, were more.. interested In the
food shop* of Chinatown than the joss
houses. The curious roots. «4U«-er looking
vegetables and seeds fascinated them
more than the turn-ami of the Chinese
Theater or the link!- <>f the cups in the
tea house.
It has always been accepted ns true
that the Chinese are largely vegetarian
In their diet an«l this apparently without
Ferinus detriment t« their physical <1<»
veif'pmcni. Evidently their vegetables
*>.re the equivalent of the materials that
make u;i our own vegetable dietary and
presumably possess an intrinsic value for
such a purpose.
The visiting food experts were much
interested in the Chinese diet. The re
pult was that the authorities at Wash
ington ordered ;t report <»n the Chinese
vegetable foods, which was forthwith
prepared by Mr. Walter C. Blasdale. an
Instructor of chemistry at the University
nf California. This report gives the
analyses of the principal Chinese vege
tables found ia the Chinese quarter.
A description and analysis of the
Chinese vegetables by no means covers
the ground of the CblneM diet. So Profes
sor Jaffa prepared to make a study of tiie
food of rh«- three classes of Chinese— the
professional man. th<> man doing average
labor and the man doing; hard labor.
A Chinese <s>'niiM was elected as the
Has Been Engaged in a Work of
International Importance.
etables find their way to many a profes
sor's table. But why a professor should
want to come to his table was too much
for Charley's "sabe."
Then Professor Jaffa solvod the proh
lem. In the classic halls of learning at
Berkeley Is one Walter Fong-, a graduate
of Stanford University, and now doing
post-graduate work at Berkeley. Mr.
Fong has adopted American clothes,
taken an American wife and is- imbibing
all the knowledge that our two universi
ties otter to the student in mining engl
neeringfl For all that he has parted with
his. Mr. For.g comes from the land of pig
tails.
So Mr. Fong went to Sam Lung and
Charley Mop, and successfully pleaded the
professor's cause. They were convinced
that college professors are outside the
pale of "white devils," and that it is not
necessary to burn punk after their exits
and entrances*.
It was easy to initiate the Chinese den
tist into the mysteries of tabulating his
diet, but Sam l.ung and Charley Hop
needed some one at t!;eir elbows "to set
that it .was properly done. For unless
the data is absolutely correct any conclu
sions drawn therefrom would be value
less. Mr. Fong having given them the
"open sesame." Professor Jaffa, assisted
by Mr. Show; began his work.
After the first few days th«- Chinamen
got used to having either Professor Jaffa
or Mr. Snow With them at meal time. The
"Melican men*' were there to tabulate the
food, but after a, day or two they were
asked to share it, and, according to both
gentlemen, some of the Chinese dishes
wero ?o tempting that they did not need
urging.
Both Sam Lung and Charley Hop. once
they understood the matter, "were inter
ested in the experiment and as Careful as
Professor Jaffa that tie nightly dietary
account should ho perfectly correct. Char
ley Hop, the Chinese gardener; confessed
that when first broached on the subject of
having an outsider watch his meals he
thought it was a scheme of the tax col
lector to tax them for all food consumed
over a certain tixed amount. "My men all
eat heap big. I always give them neap
plenty, so I much aflaid." he exclaimed.
AVhen convinced that the tax collector
had nothing to do with it Charley took
a most intelligent interest in the proceed
ings.
The dentist has such an Americanized
larder that it i. roves very little regarding
the Chinese diet. Following is a list of
the food materials used by the laundry
men and gardeners <iurin;; three weeks.
Many of th<rn sound strange to the Cau
casian car, and taste stranger yet to his
palate:
Lean pork and boef were the only
meats used: the other articles were tisti.
shrimps, fresh and dried: canned squid,
abalone, fresh and drie.J: bean cheese.
bean sprout?, vermicelli, rice, native cab
bage, dried Illy flowers, lotus roots, po
tatoes. Chinese radish, taro root.-*, water
chestnuts, dried fungus, algae and bam
boo shoots. In addition they consum B d
a small quantity of bread, butter and
supar and large quantities of tea.
Many of these articles need explanation.
The water chestnuts grow wild In China
and are sweet, juicy %nx\ resemble tha
chestnut in flavor. Taro root has about
the consistency of a sweet potato. 13 very
popular amors? the Chinese, and a num
ber of white people here, who have tasted
them in Chinatown, use them, at their
own tables.
Several species of fungi are used In
the Chinese dietary, the most popular nn»
being yellow in color, except the top,
which is brown or purple. Two other
species of fungi are sold as delicacies, re
tailing as high as $2 per pound. Alga* i«
also largely \;*t>t\. It looks like tangled
masses of horsehair, but when boiled
forms a gelatinous mass that is used for
thickening purposes, especially with dried
shrjmps.
The sacred lotus has many uses among
the Chinese, ranging from a toilet wash
and medical remedy to an article of food.
In San Francisco the Chinese use th«
roots for the preparation of a kind of
starch and also boil them and eat th»»m
raw as we ear salad.
F.ily leaves are considered a delicacy
an«l are greatly relished.
. The young shoots «,f bamboo are also
considered very palataMo and are either
pickled in brine or canned.
Professor Jaffa is now at work compil
ing the data and making deductions there
from. As soon as he has finished the ma
terial will be sent to Washington and
printed. Professor Jaffa says that gen
erally speaking the Chinamen lived very
well compared to white people doing tba
same sort of labor. The amount of woris
they did. and their health, proves that
their dietary contained an ample amount
of nutrition.
A Sunday Ca!l reporter and photog
rapher accompanied Professor Jaffa and
Mr. Snow on the last day of their Visits
to Sam Long and Charley Hop. Sam Lun?
was visited at breakfast time a-d Charley
Hop at the midday meal. Bam received
the outsider courteously enough, hut t-.ls
workmen took decided exceptions to their
presence ar.d refused to sit down at th^
table until the new "white ghosts" tooit
their departure.
Charley Hop, the gardener, did not even
look askance at the camera, and whilo
Professor Jaffa and Mr. Snow piled chop
sticks with Sam lung and his nvn they
were photograplu-d.
This Chinese experiment of Dr. Jaffa""*"
Is something new under tIM "dietary"
sun. and those ir.terpsted in dietary com
parison* will have something to ponder
over when Dr. Jaffa's, full report la pub
lished.
Professor Jaffa Makes Valuable Tests
for the Government.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE PROFESSOR TRIES THE DIET OF JOHN CHINAMAN
THE STTNDAY CAlilj.
2the "mamma'R little darlings" who would
*Hp off and be rescued by Mr. Emlay.-
Fcmetimes Just as the r.aters were clos
ing over them forever. The little wharf
tats Eat on the poles and with a loop In a.
ftring tried to catch the crabs that clung
to the bHdce work below.
Mamma's little boy, r.ith his nose
pressed flat against the window pane of
the car, saw the wharf urchins and made
up his little mind that the first time he'd
pet a chence he too would balance on the
c-dfiro of a pole and dar.gle a string Into
the water. The first time nurse or mam-
gin to compete with him. Guess he juttk
lost his head."
Mr. Emlay is a young man in his twen
ty-eighth year, tall, straight and athletic. >
With his two assistants, one an electri
cian and the other a machinist, he stands
guard in the tower at the top cf the bridge
work, with an eye always on the alert
for any significant circumstance. The
bridge was closed and the electric cars
running back and forth. While speaking
he was looking away to the north. Sud
denly his bright blue eyes lit up and he
turned quickly to the machinery.
"Scow coming," he said. .
Sure enough, it was a little two-sailed
black barge, laden with coal. Small as it
was, however, it was Important enough to
command that big bridge to give trail. As
it bore down Mr. Emlay grasped a brake,
gave it a wrench, then turned on the pow
er. The strong iron gates on either side
closed and locked. There was a rumbling
and a turning of big-cogged wheels anil
we began to go around. Slowly the im
mense mechanism, three hundred and.
sixty-five feet in length and wide enough
for car-tracks, roadways and two walk-
Ing paths, swung out and around, leaving
two great gaps, each one hundred and
sixty feet in width, on either side. The
little scow sailed leisurely, impertinently,
through with an air of accepting her due.
It was as If the big bridge said. "I beg
your pardon," and got out of the way.
which used to amuse him in his dull,
weary hours at Olney. arc as weil known
as the two men themselves.
Charles Kingsley seems to have loved
every living creature around him. and he
taught hid children to respect even the
most loathsome insects. Mrs. Kingsley
tells how a fanjily of runaway toads made
their home in a hole of the green bank at
Eversley, and the scythe was never al
lowed to approach their retreat. He had
two little friends in*a pair of sand-wasps,
which lived in a crack of the window in
his drawing room, one of which he had
saved from drowning in a basin of water;
arid every spring he would look out eager
ly for them or their young, which came
out of, or returned to, the same crack.
He petted the white stable cat and the
black house cat. and sat up with a sick
dog during the last two nights of its suf
fering life. Wherever he went he was fol
lowed about the parish by his faithful lit
tle Dandy Dinmont, whose Intelligent face
was always to be seen at the lectures and
school lessons, and was known to every
cottager In the place-, being almost as
much esteemed by them as by the Kinga-
the water. T remember' one fellow that X
pulled out. I had a hard time with him.
I saw him going under the second timf
and I made a dive from the bridge. When
I got to him he tried to jerk away, and
even tried to kick and struggle while I
was dragging him out. When I got him
straightened out and the water pumped
out of him he cursed and said he would
have been all right without any interfer
ence. 'Now, I suppose." said he, 'that you
will go around and brag about saving my
life, d n you.' I don't think he had any
Intention of committing suicide, but he
certainly would have been drowned had I
not gone to the rescue.
• "Once or twice I have had to jump in
after swimmers who lost their heads or
were taken with cramps. I recall one in
stance in particular. A young man, who
was an expert swimmer, came down to
the bridge to fish. I had often seen him
swimming about here, and when I saw
him slip and fall from the bridge I was
preparing for a good laugh at his ex
pense. He must have lost his head, or
been stunned, I d<vi't know -which. Any
way, I saw that he was helpless, and
was going down the second time. I
Jumped In and swam with him over to
that little dock there. It was a strong
tide, and 1 had to go with it to make any
headway. I v.-as about gone In when I
got him out,, and he was unconscious.
When we had fixed him up and had him In
bed he came to himself and said: 'Why,
was I drov.'uing?'- He could not bellove it
himself, and after a stimulating drink of
whisky he was so puzzled that he pro
posed taking a swim together, just to see
what was the matter. We went In, and
he swam all around me. I could not be-
Some Pets of famous Authors.
ley children, whose attached friend he
was for ten years.
Dogs, perhaps, have been pet* with a
greater number of famous persons than
any other animal. Every one ¦will remem
ber Sir "Walter Scott's canine pets, of
which he had more than a score. Th^
most prized was the old Scotch hound
Malda, his companion for many years,
whose grave is near the gate at Abbots
ford, with the monument and inscription
that he de^ijrned for her. Then there wer«
the two pet greyhounds. Douglas and
Perry, which attended him everywhere.
They had a privileged place in his library,
one of the window* being left open in all
weathers, so that they might pas 3 in and
out when they pleased.
Lord Byron had a famous dos. Boat
swain, whose picture is still to be seen at
Newstead Abbey; and Hood's dog Dash
will be remembered as the one that Barry
Cornwall laid should have been named,
Hover. He accompanied Charles Lamb in
many of his walks, nearly worrying the
life out of the gentle essayist, who could
hardly manage to keep In sight of his
restless four-footed companion, and was
In constant terror lest he should lose him.
Walter Savage Landor was another
lover of dogs. He had a, number of them.
Partgl. which followed him in all hi*
tramps; (Jaillo, given to him by the sculp
tor Story, whose place was to He at his
feet, and, most celebrated of all, Pomero,
the little white Pomeranian dog that *va3
sent to him from Kiesole to Bath, wher*
he was then living. Kor twelve year*
Landor and his dog- were always together,
noticeable figures wherever they went,
nnd Pomero was written about and talked
about nearly as much as was his master.
Mary Russell Mltford was surrounded
by dogs from her childhood. To relate
her history would be to tell theirs HKe
wise, for they were inseparable. Their
qualities, troubles and general doings
have an important place In her letters,
and they have tender mention that might
lead one to % suppose them to be hum»-n
members of'the household. "All our pets
are well," 13 her usual message In cloa
ing, and many of them come in for spe
cial mention, like "Marmion and Mo.loo
and Moss Trooper, tho hounds"; "Mar's
with her black and glossy puppies": Mi
randa, from Stratford-on-Avon"; "May
flower and Mitl and Lufla, from the nor:h
countrie." and Dash, who "sends his re
spects to Mrs. Browning's doves," ani
was so well beloved by his mistress that
when she was in London homesick sh^
wrote to her parents. "I am dyinjr for
my Dash and my flowers."
Wordsworth's companion on his morn
tain rambles was a dog, for whoso death
he sincerely mourned and to whose mem
ory he paid an exquisite tribute in verse.
There have been other famous lovers of
dogs. Sir Edwin Landseer was especially
fond of them, and many of his pets he ha*
made to live again on the immortal cin
va*.
Mrs. Browning was greatly attached to
a silken-haired, hazel-eyed spaniel that
Miss Mltfortl gave to her. "Flushie" lives
in literature as the subjeel of on© of his
mistress' tenderest poems.
Goethe hated dogs; his pet was a ltv»
snake, which he kept in a chimney cor
ner, a repulsive companion one would
think. The pet of Tiberius, the Roman
Emperor, was also a snake; yet the twa
men were wholly unlike in every partic
ular.
Jean Paul Richter's pets were a mouse,
a squirrel and a white spider. Hogarth.
the painter, was fond of cats, and at his
home at Chlswick he had a garden wher«
he buried his favorites, placing little tab
lets to mark the spot and distinguish the:r
individual sepulchers.
The cat has been a favorite with a num
ber of well-known people. Pope mado
companions of several and he showed th<«
best side of his character to them. Dry
den had also a stately favorite cat. with
a temper as bttter and as bitlngr as his
own pen.
Gray, author of the beautiful "Elegy in
a Country Churchyard," wrote an "Oda
on the Death of a Favorite Cat, Drowned
In a Tub of Gold Fishes." In this little
poem he bewails the fate of the demure
and almost historic Selina. Dnnte made a
pet of a large black cat. Theophile Gau
tler had a white cat of great beauty
named Don Pierrot de Navarre, of which
he was extravagantly fond. This amiable
animal died of consumption. He had a
regular physician and was fed on asses'
milk, but he finally succumbed to the
disease and th« poet describes his death
In movinj terms.
ma was net looking pway he clattered «¦
quickly as his little feet could carry him,
and pometirr.es he really did land at the
bridge. The Tvh<>.rf rats would show the
"sissy boy" how to loop his string, but
practice alone can teach him to sit on
th-> slimy edge of a water soaked timber.
There would come first a little fright
ened cry. a splash, then the urchins -could
yell "kid overboard." and In a moment
Mr. Emlay was in the water. Never once
was he too late. Often the little fe'lows
were dragged out unconscious, but Mr.
Emlay carried them to his room in the
tower, rolled them, poured stimulants
down their throats, and worked over them
until he brought them to. Then they
were wrapped in blankets, and when their
clothes were dry enough, wetter but
v.iser little men. they were trundled back
to their distracted mothers and thereafter
"hang your clothes on the hickory limb,,
but don't go near the water," dinged Into
their ears.
"Most of them told me their names,"
paid Mr. Emlay. There was one little
fellow, though, who said "Gee, mister, I
can't tell, 'cause 'f I did mother'd find
it out 'n' I'd catch it. I never kept
a list of them, so I've forgotten their
names.
"There was one little chap, though, that
I'll never forget. I noticed him down
here several times and chased him away
each time. I always tried to play bogie
man of the bridge and keep youngsters
away from it. It was not hard to frighten
away the little girls, but the little boys
were not so easy. This one little chap
kept coming back, and fell In like most of
the others, only — only he did it purpose-
Mr. Emlay told the story of the little
chap. It isn't pleasant to think of a ten
yr-ar-nM lad so tired of his young life
that he tried to end it. His name was
Jim, and his father was a sea captain
Failing somewhere on the ocean's blue.
Jim's mother had died at sea when he
was born, and Jim was brought to Oak
land and given to a "kind-hearted widow
lady," who lived up to her advertisement
by beating Jim for her daily exercise.
"Somewhere down under the water was
his mother, somewhere on * the billows
rode his father's ship, and surely the tide
would carry his body to one or the other"
thought little Jim, so overboard he fell.
When ho had been nsiieu out, pumped
dry and thawed out. he told his story.
The next port that sea captain put into
he found a letter from Mr. Emlay, and
the next foreign-bound ship that left this
harbor carried Jim to his father's arms.
Mr. Emlay did not. confine himself en
tirely to savins? runaway children. "There
were a number of men," said Mr. Emlay,
"and two or three I have reason to be
lieve did not fall in accidentally. .Then
there were others who were 'half seas
over* before they ever wandered down to
th« drawbridge.
"One old fellow who Jumped over and
was rescued Is living yet. I meet him
frequently on the street, and there is al
ways a peculiar expression on his face
when he sees me. I pretend not to recog
nize him, because I do not wish to re
mind him of it, but he always knows mo
and tries to avoid me. He was not quite
sober that night. I have fished out other
fellows who came dcrwn here 'just to let
the night air blow on their heads.' ''
"Do you always find it easy to rescue
people?"
"Well, comparatively. I am an expert
swimmer and keep them at a distance In
Down where th» fishes plar. l^avy Joaet
sighs for the victims that might have
been his — the foolish ones whr> came down
to let the ni?hr. ?¦»¦ Mow on their heads:
the weary oil m»n tired unir» death of
life and Its troubles: the runaway hoys
who wanted to cutch crabs. H« Is Just
thirty short In his ml! call is Davy Jones.
and It's thsr:ks t^ Charles Kmlny. And
that's why Oakland thinks that tha
brightest medal Congress can turn out Is
due Charles Emlay.
WtTT probably
THERE are thirty lives charged tip
in the Book of Life to Charles Em
lay. Thirty souls that his strong
arm enatched back from the jaws
cf death out Into God's sunshine
from the Fhades of suicide.
Thirty lives lias Charles Emlay saved,
thirty times has he played the game of
chaneo with life and death and always
with the odds In favor of death. Thirty
time's };as he risked his own life that oth
ers might live.
You •will find this thirty-ply hero at his
post In thp high tower that dots the draw
bridge which spans the Oakland estuary.
Ho t:11 tell you th3t he Is not a hero at
all. that It Is his business to control the
drawbridge. Time was when the draw
brMge was an old-fashioned ftoam-run
nlng affair, every "choo-choo" of which
was a menace to the human freighted
cars which passed over It. One day a
train plsinged Jnto the yawnlnsr chasm
which the inefficient drawbridge had left
open. Then the present modern electric
drawbridge was built, and Charles Em-
Jay's opportunities of playing the human
life-saver were lessened.
The nest txvn year? will not duplicate
the record of the last two years. Charles
Emlay will not have to stand sponsor for
thirty more human beings saved from
watery graves. The railing on the new
r'rawbrldjre handicaps the suicidal and
fsvcs the unwary from slipping into the
¦waters below. But If Congress turns a
willing f^r *°> the petition of the Oakland
Merchants' Exchange Uncle Sam will give
Chnrles Emlay a medal for the saving of
thirty of his citizens. It will glisten on
the wall of the drawbridge tower, and he
who runs may read how In the days of the
rid drawbridge one man cheated the
greedy waters of thirty victims. For
two years Charles Emlay worked on the
old drawbridge, ar.d during that time he
rescued ns many drowning souls as there
are months In the years, with six extra
for Sundays and holidays.
Tru'.y this Is a record to be proud of
*md in his pecret heart Charles Umlay is
prc-ud of It, for all that he will tell you Is
be la cot a hero. The business for
¦which he was raid was to manipulate the
£rawbr!dye end not to hurriedly throw off
h'M coat and plungre Into the water. Tis
£eep ar.d dark and horrid there where the
¦waters flow, ar.d It took a strong arm
end ftoutcr heart to dive o!T the four
teen-foot bridpp, plunge In and grapple
Trlth the drowning. So whether he will
or not Oakland pl.ices Charles Emlay high
on her lift cf heroes. .
It was usually the small boy who called
forth Mr. Emlay's aquatic prowess. Not
the little wharf rats who crow up at the
iritr-r'i! rim and can Fit on the frippery,
elirr.y edge of a board and fish with the
ronchalar.ee to the water born. It was
The little black.' dirty ay w did not even
say, "Not at all."
"You see." explained .I**. Emlay, "the
water traffic has the right ol way, and we
have to respect It. The bridge reaMy has
no right to be there except at the pleasure
of the water traffic, When they blow
three whistles we open up the bridge and
let them through." As the scow sailed
through the brtOge ilowljr followed it and
rpsumed Its pla^e, with ends rercrsed.
In the old days Mr. Kir.!ay had to at
tend to the bridge alone, po between his
rather busj-. "I slept and ate here." h«
bridge duties and savins; lives he was kept
said laconically; "never left the bridges
but once and then only for seven hours to
get married."
Has Saved Thirty Lives from a Watery Grave
THE SITNTDAT OALTi.
f\i) Oa^lapd Bridge Sepd^r U/170 J-las Braved D^atl?
/I\apy Sim^S apd Qlpeated Davy
lopes Out of prey.
3
«^< VOLUME might be written of fa
f I raous people and their pets, and It
I I would be interesting reading.
\^ I Many books of biography have,
J^ scattered alone their pages, ten
der reminiscences of art attach
ment to some dumb animal, from Bos
well's "Johnson" and Cowper's "Letters,"
down to one of the latest works of the
kind, "The Life and Correspondence of
Charles Kingsley." Johnson's cat
"Hodge," for which h» used to go out
to buy oysters, "lest the- servant?, having
that trouble, should take a illslike to the
poor creature"; and Cowper's hates,ekrt<"rirs, which carry n story In them-
Belves an.l give an inkling to. the thread
cf th'- ta'f. His books are "roomy' book.-;
there is plenty <>f marginal sjiac, the ii
lu«-tiations are not crowded, the <!<cora-
Uve work is in perfect taste and the type
Is large ar.d legible. In justice it must be
paid that to Mrs. Grace Gallatin Seton-
Thompson if fine tho crtdit for the gen
eral mak'-up. Mrs. Se»ton-Thompson has
always scccmnasled her husband upon all
his trips into the wilds, and is In perfect
sympathy with his work and personally
Fuperir.U'nds the> set-ir.g of his books
through the pr<-ss.
The late-si book appearing under the
authorsh'p of this most capable writer
upon subjects of the animal kingdom is
"The Biography of a Grizzly." Illustrated
and de-cf.ratpd by the author and published
t>y the Century Company, price $1 "A. The
chapters were first printed in the Century
Magazine, late 1 last winter, and have now
bc-en gathered together in its present ai
trai tive form.
About all of Mr. S^tcn-Thompson's
work there is the coo! fresh air of the
woods, the high* st admliutlon for and
sympathy with animal life, combined with
the rare- and nappy faculty of making his
tales of the gre-atest human interest. In
the prc-ser.t bock he takes as his hero the
grizzly cub Wahb, and. as the title sug
gestf, follows him through all the vigor
of his fie Toe bear life to his iinal eioom In
Death Ouhh. "that fearful little valley
where everything was dead, where the
very air was deadly." Sefjr.-Thompson
has the ability of making his animal char
acters rsost Intensely human. 1 1 <> is su'"h
a dose student >>f tho woods and its life
that not a solitary detail is ever negle'Ctcd.
It Is this tvldinoe of Study and the
6 tra'.frht forward manner f.f t«l!i:ig that
Haraj'K !i:s work as real and e-arr'>s the
reader's confidence. You know that th!s
man ha? lived among and loved his char
afte-xs. and his very enthusiasm fcrms
haif the <-h;:iT.i In reading him.
"Tho CiPSTZpby cf -a Grizzly" Is divided
Into three part:--— "TheCubhood of Wabb."
"The D;)ys ot H;:s Strength" and "The
V.',->:,;r.K." Wa!;b's cttbbood <lays are al
most the only 1 right ones thr.t lie has. and
they do DM last long. lor rifle bullets lay
low his mother ar.d brothers and sisiers,
end be Is obUsed to wander forth alone to
loam by bitter experience ."11 the; hard
things ihat 41fe- has In store for little
CXizzUcs v. !)o rennot lie guided by the
vrfsC&n of sh.?;r loroboars. His discover
ies, the pradd.il realization of his great
rmr.fath and the development of his in
h.crcr-t sagacity arc what make the story.
in tbe rccdins ot which you will learn
more about the* habits of the king of
Amextuui leasts than you would in a
week's study of text books on grizzly
tcart. Y'.u wl!j l< arr. to know the animal
ts one of Go£'s living « reaturcs, and not
ac a brute machine.
••Coder) riorsesrjoz."
Mr. Stephen Bonsai* "Golden Horse
shoe." which has justly been received
with much favnr. purports to be a reprint
of the letters exchanged at the outbreak
of the trouble in the* Philippines between
two officers in the Cnited States atmy —
the names indeed being altered and seme
portion* of the letters being omitted, but
absolutely no other changes being made.
The plot, so to speak, of the book i« the
change cf view in the mind of a brilliant
and devoted young officer, who entered
the Spanish war an opponent of expan
sion, and who, as the result of the liber
alizing influences of a voyage to the Phil
ippines by way of the Suez canal, came to
believe In the imperial destiny of the
Vnited States. He sees Ceyion, Singa
pore and Hongkong, of course, and runs
over to the rotting Portuguese colonial
capital. Macao. Being modest, open
hearted and open-eyed, he hears frank
and instructive speech from Yankee skip
pers. Catholic missionaries, colonial
Judges and exiled men of business. He
Ftruggles at the risk of his life through
the Chinese quarter of a, Chinese port.
reador will reason that no t .;.tc-ij* Stntes
transport which passed through the Suez
canal was driven so far north as Vladi
vostok, and that if the letters are inac
curate In that point it is impossible to
tel! iiov,- far they are authentic in any
point. -Cot every reader wiii know that
the publishers advertise the book as
iictic.:.
The brilliance and liveliness of the work
are not diminished by regarding it as a
piece of expository Tctinn. but of course
its peculiar evidential value disappears if
it is not absolutely what it pretends to
be. The acutencss ol 'he observation and
the cleverness of the style remain, but
the personal charm and interest of the
book have disappeared.
11. B. LATH HOP.
Story of Christian Science.
Stanley Waterloo, who wrote "The
Story of Ab." has published a novel, "The
Seekers." in which are weighed in the
balance— and found wanting— the preten
tior.s of Christian Scientists and others of
Uir.Ured faith— the "truth serkers" of the
book to pese as truth finders. In the
novel, the devotees of the "new thought "
are divided into two class* s— those who
are ho.ientin their belief, but in whom all
sympathy for human sorrow ti-ens dcad
er.<-d ty trust in the theory of the non
reality of nain, ar.d those who make pro
fession of the new faith serve as a schema
lor money-making.
Mr. Waterloo, to be sure, does r.ot tell
us whether the science attracts disagree
able people or whether unpleasant quali
ties are developed* by the religion in Its
adherents. A« an unprejudiced inquiry
into the value of Christian Science; tho
boi;k is .scarcely convincing, though read
for its story it is possibly entertaining.
The heroine. Kate Vaughn, a successful
woman of business in Chicago, brings
from her home in the country her young
sister, Narcissa, who is out of health.
Narcissa, having been under the care cf
a physician, without deriving benefit from
his ministrations, next tries what a hc-aier,
Mrs. Clay, can do for her. Finding Mrs.
Clay a failure, Narcissa joins the classes
of Dr. Zadski, the teacher of a system
«.f philosophy,' which he calls "Truth."
and v.hich he pretends to have originated.
Kate, ltarful of the Influence which Zad
ski is gaining over Narcissa and suspect
ing it to te harmful to her Eister, also
joins Zadski's classes to see If she can
counteract this Influence. However, Kate
herself succumb^ somewhat to Zadskt's
fascination. When the latter leaves town
for his summer vacation, Narcissa disapp
ears. Kate-, in despair, unable to trace
her sister, seeks aid lrom her lover; John
Yule, from whom s-he has been estranged
on account of the lack of sympathy he
shows fer Kate's new faith. \ule finds
Kardzsa in the South In v colony founded
by Zaelski, and then telegraphs for Kate,
who arrives only in time to receive her
dyinfr sister in her arms. After Narcissa's
death. Kate, hating the syste-m of philos
ophy which she believes to have been an
swerable for her sister's loss, turns from
it to the old religion of her childhood.
("The Seekers," by Stanley Waterloo.
Herbert Stone & Co.. Chicago. $1 23.)
"Barbara pritfcehie."
Clyde Fitch, not willing to let a play
able p!ay rest on its laurels won behind
footlights, must needs issue It between
covers.
The story of Barbara Frletnhle is based
upon Whittler's poem— that is to say, the
Hag-waving climax is. in other respects
there is little resemblance. Barbara is
described as "a ravishing young crea
ture," instead of the elderly person we
have known since we used to "speak
pieces." The other characters are also
new to us. But "the author disclaims any
intention to the wilting of an historical
play," and "he has endeavored merely to
picture of an imaginary eto'ry some of the
spirit and atmosphere of a certain period
of our history."
For stage purposes he has done all that
be assumes to do. and hu who reads wim
lems of city government. The theme of
which Comptroller Coler has written is
therefore one on which a notable work
might be founded, but the volume he has'
given us is utterly Inadequate. It does
not even explain the form of government
the new charter provides. The various
papers i were doubtless Interesting when
they v.'*re published In magazines or
delivered as lectures, for they were then
timely to some issue occuping public at
tention. They are not BO interesting In a
book, and are far too, sketchy and slight
to be accounted valuable. The subjects
dralt with are: "The City Charter,"
"Public Charily," "Charity Regulated/
"Income and Expenses,'.' "Water Supply,"
"Transportation," "City Development."
"The Church In Politics" and "Political
Machines." These are all good topics, but
in not one single case has the Comp
troller given us anything more serious
than a liffht review suitable for the casual
magazine reader. ("Municipal Govern
ment as Illustrated by the Charter
Finances and Public Charities of New
York." by Hlrd S. Coler, Comptroller of
the City. Published by D. Appleton & Co.
Price 51.) [
"Through fira to Fortune."
Mrs. 1 Alexander Is too well known as a
writer of bright, readable books to need
a word of commendation. Her latest
work, "Thro" Fire tc Fortune." will not
prove a disappointment, for. although It is
inferior to her work at its best, there, is
about it a freshness of touch and a mod
errity of treatment which will appeil par
ticularly to the younger class of novel
readers! The plot Is a hackneyed one. but
the heroine is distinctly likable and the
hero has the necessary amount of fasc.'.na
llon. bo that one can find entertainment In
the book If not in an exacting mood. (R.
F. Fenno & Co., New York).
The pree Trade Movement.
One of a series of volumes designed to
deal with the principal features of the
Victorian era in Great Britain is ,"The
Free Trade Movement and Its Results,"
by G. Armiiage-Smith, principal of the
Blrbeck Institution and lecturer for the
London Society for the Extension of Uni
versity Teaching.
The work is much more of a plea for
free trade than an impartial record of
history. In his preface the author says:
"The old controversies still remain and
have, in fact, been renewed with fresh
vigor, partly owing to the persistence of
the United States and other countries In
a protective policy, and also to the move-
Trade Movement and Its Results," by G.
Armltage-Smith; Victorian Era Series,
published by Herbert S. Stone & Co., Chi
cago and New York; price $1 25.)
The City Problem.
Under the title "The City Problem." Al
bert A. llgskln presents a city puzzle
ar.d a solution thereof that ought to have
been cast in the form of n Utopian novel.
or n chapter from the philosophy of Pes
simism. Mr. Hoskin can c»rry his theo
ries straight through more contacting
facts than any man that has ever written
on municipal problems. He says the city
Is an established factor in social economy;
that the genius of tho city is corrupt and
that it must be purified or perish. The
man who does not work should not be al
lowed to eat whether he be a tramp or a
millionaire. Mr. Hoskin continues, and
that law is violated in the city. The city
Is a non-producer and the rural districts
aro taxed to support it, and along with
the city they have to support also the
city slum. Moreover, the city is destruct
ive of the home. It divides its people Into
two classes, one of which has mansions
larger than the owners can occupy and
the other has no home at all. Then. the
city Is unsocial, for, says Mr. Hoskin.
"sociality is democratic, but society is
aristocratic, it is autocratic. It is pluto
cratic, it is royalistic. And all this Is un
natural, unbrotherly and cruelly unkind."
Finally the conclusion is reached that we
can never find an ideal social compact
within a city, and therefore the solution
of the city problem Is to abolish the city.
Mr. Hoskin* proposes* that every family
shall have forty acres of land to . live
on, and be made to live on it. That would
enable the people to live near enough to
gether to have sociality, or as the author
puts It: "We would in such manner reach
the result of stimulation without conges
tion; of emulation without envy; of am
bition without contention; " of aspiration
without greed, and of combination with
out competition." ("The City Problem,"
by Albert A. Hoskin.' Published by" John
B. Alden. New York; price 50 cents.
"The Successful flroerican."
The third Issue of "The Successful
American," published monthly by . the
Press Biographical Company of New
Several half-tones have been added,
among them a picture of the recently
burned Theatre Francais, and the former
chapters considerably strengthened. Lee's
Guide thus becomes a standard not only
in. name but in fact. (Laird & Lee. flexi
ble cloth, 50 cents; full leather, full Kilt.
$1, with large plan cf exposition, in colors,
and diagrams of the Louvre museums.)
Mochrn Jcurnalisro Expoundsd.
Mr. Curtis Haven, "Journalist. Author
and Teacher of Over Twenty Years' Ex
perience," has published a clever litt:e
handbook entitled "A Practical Course In
Modern Journalism and General Litera
ture." The work presents a detailed ac
count of the workings of different news
paper departments and the requirements
of editorial, local and special writes, to-
Slther wi:h practical examples ard ex
. anatlor.s of proof-reailing and advertise
ment writing. The author also gives sjma
valuable hints to the ambitious shoi t
story writtr. The book contains S7 pagea.
On tr;e South) African Trouble.
"Who Ought to Win? Oom Paul or
Queen Victoria?" is the title of a graphic
account by Spencer Randolph of the South
African struKgle from . its inception to
February 10, i9UO. Its aim la to present
the facts in their chronological order of
the history of the Boer settkrs. first under
the rule of the Dutch East India Com
pany, later as British subjects and finally
during their checkered career ai an in
dependent republic. A number. of illustra
tions are scattered through the boon. an«l
a hand; reference map is given: OUO sjm-j
tables that should prove ini.eresi.lng.
(Laird & Lee. Ch»Lago> Cloth; 75c.)
F^ornarjce of Bagdad.
A very interesting rr.mance of tho time
of Harun Al Kaschul, in v.hich the Khalif
plays an Imp'oriaiit part, iia.-^ been written
by Kate A. Beaton and entitled J*Geber."
Mrs. iienton has made the philosopher
and scientist lieber the central :iguic »:•
a story of the tragic tvents which marked
the closing years of the reign of Harun.
It seems sui prising that in this day of
the vofiue of the historical novel there
should have been overlooked f^r so long
the wealth t>t material for a fascinating
romance lurnlshtd by that naosj pictur
esque and romantic of times— the guiucti
age or' the Khalifate.
•"GeLer" gives an excellent picture of
the lite ana manners of the Hosle&a and
contains a st^ry sufficiently t-ng-iging u>
make- one loth to ;>ut aside un.- ooolc
until it ;a uri-shed. ('"Getier," !)V Kate A.
L>t:uoii. Frederick A. t, t uK.cs Co., New
\eiiK; 41 m.}
Cverheara by t^z B.oKworrrj.
The Century Company announces for
publication on April 2s a new novel by L»r.
>vtulam Harry, atunoi of "i'lie Two
Htaiiuaida.'" '.ilus romance is aaiii to be
wholly different trom Father .Barry's prt
vious work In characters, scene and i»iot.
It Is named lor ltd nero, ' .vrUen .Uu^i
ter."
Kand, MeNairy & Co.. Chicago and New
York, announce the pub.i«.u.iion atwui
Aprii £0 of a new novel entitled "Bisnop
Pendle," by Fergus Hume, author of
•"lbe Mystery of a Hansom Cab," etc.
Mr. Hume is widely known as a master
ot stirring! ingenious plot that nrst ruis
ltatls ar.il then surprises the reader, and
of vigorous, picturesque Knglish.
The London Globe records an extraor
dinary Instance of absence of mind con
cerning a popular book. A certain per
son, needing a copy of Mr. Whiteings
"No. 5 John Street," is said to have taken
a cab to John street, AdelpbJ, to have
rung the- bell at No. 5 and astonished the
maul servant by asking for one whiting.
This sounds like fiction, but it is declared
to be a fact.
When Columbus discovered America It
occurred to others to go and do likewise.
Now that Captain Joshua i-loeum has
sailed alone around the world, and told
much labor and expense— the best text of
the play extant. In this volume Mr. Stead
has gone a step further and thrown the
play Into a narrative— novelized the
drama. The result la one of the most
vivid imaginative narratives of the last
week of Christ's career that has ever been
written. The book is published by Davis
& Co.. Chicaso.
In "Bird Lore" (the Macml'.lan Com
pany) for April a new camera is described
which, like a gun. may be firea the mo
ment it ia sighted, an ingenious device
enabling one to focus, after the slide has
been drawn from the plate holder. The
same magazine also contains bird calen
dars for the spring month*, a paper on
methds of bird study at CTellealey, an ac
count of the manner in wMch egrets*
plumes are obtained in Venezuela, a re
nrrt from the Postmaster General in re
rard to tho improper use of the maila
by feather dealers and numerous illustra
tions.
ft "The Farmstead; the Making of the
Rural Home and the Layout of tho
Farm." is the title of a new volume in
the Rural Science series, which will be
published immediately by the Macmlllan
Company. -
The author. I. P. Roberts, director of
the College of Agriculture. Cornell Lnl
versity, explains how the gains from
farming may be applied to tho making of
comfortable and attractive homes. 11*
does not hold out the bOJM that the farm
is a theater on which to Lccumulato
wealth; but rather that it Is a place upon
v.hich one may secure a competence and
live a happy life. In the great majority
of cases, the f:irrner fails to f.nd happi
ness because he do*"? not know how to
• live. Professor Roberts discusses tho
location cf the hou«e, the layout of the
grounds, the details of construction of
houses ar.d farm buildings, the planning
•>f the- barns, the .< cheme of Bctda and
fences, the f urnisliins anJ sanitation of
the home. As far £s any book can this
work will take the place cf an architect
for rural buildir.s-f.-r Professor Robert 3
was himself ome a builder. It is a oook
if advice for every one who lives on tho
t:irm or who contemplates country life,
ar.d is profusely Illustrated ar.d printed
in large type. Professor Roberts' pre
vious book i:i this name series was on
"The Fertility of the Land."
The contemplate. l purchase by the
Brooklyn Art Institute of the Tissot paint
ings gives special interest to the presenta
tion of M. Tissbt'4 character and methods
cf work in Cleveland Sloffett's Lt-nten lec
turts.
Mr. Moffett yper.t some weeks with Tls
.«ot last summer at his home in Frince,
and gained a better insight into this com
pltx artlxt'fl nature than most of the
Frenchman's admirers have obta-r.efi.
T!ssot has been called a realist, and no
doubt he pushes Ills paintings to almost
photographic accuracy, but he is more
than a rtaiist. h* is something very dif
ferent from b realist, a seer of visions ar.d
a cirearr.er ol dreams.
Mr. MofTett reates several conversations
in Which Tissot. With gravest conviction.
acknowledges his indebtedness to a certain
Sister Kathirine for tlata in various
Kcnea of Christ's Hf^- For example, ct
the time of the crucifixion it ts known that
Mary stood somewhere betwem the crosa
arid "the garden of Joseph of Arlmathea.
Tradition says there were three terrace 1 *
on the 1 ttle hill of Calvary. Dili she stand
on the tirst of these, or on the second, or
on the third? In the absence of all his
torical knowledge on this point. Tissot ap
peals confidently to Sister KaTherine.
"Tell me. my sister," he said one day.
"if Mary stood on tho third terrace, the
one nearest to the garden?"
"Oh no " said Sister Katherin**. cj'ilta
confidently; "the Blessed Mother stood on
the second terrace. Many, many times I
have seen her there and watched with her
to the end."
All this quite simply from this holy
f-u -tilC pood old snyins that "f:r.<? feath
ers make fine birds." while never in-
J^ t«nded to l>e applied to books, r.ever
th<!rss is appropriate in that con
nection to a preat extent. Hooks an- made
to please or to ir.s-ruct; v.'hcn they botb
plcape end Sr.strurt they become that
much more v;.iu:il)ie. especially when,
p.fter fillinir botn tbe above re~u;ren?entp,
they aro also arrangod. printrii nrrl !1!uf
tratfd in a manner perfectly !n harmony
vith the subject matter presented, and i:i
Eympathf'.i'c. r.rlistic taste*
The nrorks of Urnest Setor»-Thcrnppo;i
fill all thioe of these requirements— they
«re pleasir:;?. they aro Instrtictivti ard th.ey
are rr.tirc-Iy artistic. Without reference
to the to:;t «.r "Jr. Srtr.n-Tho^ipson'.s
books, but pWstefi tlum up for a first and
carual p'.ar.cr. you crouid s;:y, "There is
a. book that I -would like io read. It looks'
laterestlnic? The photogravurfg are all
from stu«"feF of animal Itle made by tlie
author himsc'.f. an»l the pages ar? further
ornamented by inarsir.tl pen and ink
and beholds the marvelous administration
<.f justice by a Chinese Judge. A conven
ient storm carries the old transport In
¦which Hcrndon is off to the north, and
before the captain can get coal he is
oUigrd to run all the. way to Vladivos
tok, rleltlng a Korean port on route.
TIki? In a most dramatic but artless an<l
natural m&nncrtaxe presented to view thr»
ocntrasts between Oriental decadence anil
incompctency and Occidental thrift, en
ergy and power of orK«nizati'in. In brief
but ftriklns bits of narrative and de-
Fcriplinn arc depicted the demoralization
of the Chinese character, the Inefficiency
of the PorlLSUtsp, the dignity and hcnetl
cer.ee of Kr.glish ruU*. sustained by the
line, clean energy of the English charac
ter, the abjectnesa of the Koreans and
the civilizir.K activity of the Russians.
It is to be roprette;l that a work of
fiction like this should have the appear
ance at claimfrs to be accurate in poi.it
( f fact. Mr. Bonsai's sisned preface lojks
like a trick for the unwary. Not eiviy
an eye to stage setting and action will de
tect the skilled hand. But It is not to be
supposed that the book was Issued for a
small technical class. It was meant to be
rend, and being read it fails.
The descriptions inserted, under the
guise of ccstumc or stase .directions are
feebly poetical. For instance, "A young
ccunle. arm in arm, stroll absorbedly i>,i3t
on their way back from the usual lovers'
walk of the "town— where the willows weep
vt\d hearts ?to;i beating underneath cool,
white marble names.".
Cemetery is what it is usually called
Again, "Slio is dressed in a billowy mass
cf blue gra-.zinrss." This, it will be seen,
neither ttirs the soul nor aids the dress
maker. |
The narrative Is not striking, the lines
n;e net clever. And yet your theater man
can tell you why the play has made a hit.
lie will talk about settings and contrasts
and climaxes and business. But we are
discussing 'the;' book. (Life Publishing
Company. 25 cents.)
Mur>xipal Government.
Bird S. Coler. Comptroller of the city
of Xew York, has compiled a series of
papers dealing with some of the salient
features of iho administration of that
city under its now chartor. Most of the
chapters In the book were prepared orig
inally .is articles for reviews or a3 lec
tures. Consequently the work does not
tive anything like a satisfactory account
of the subject. Municipal administration
is at the present time one of the most in
teresting of political topics to the Ameri
can peopie. and the experiment in thHt
form of government which has been un
dertaken in Greater New York is the most
important venture which has yet jeen
made in this country in solving the prob-
ment for federation with our colonies,
most of which are committed to protec
tion." It is therefore as a contribution
to an existing controversy rather than
as a review of the controversies of tho
past that the work has been written.
Those who look to It for a comprehensive
account of the great agitation in Kngland
which resulted in the overthrow of the
corn laws will be disappointed. It deals
with that agitation, it is true, but the
standpoint of the writer is that of a par- 1
tisan, and his purpose has clearly been
that of refuting the arguments of the free
fair traders who are now increasing in
number in Great Britain rather than of
composing a book which would be accept
ed by all parties as a correct history of
one of the most notable events of the Vic
torian age.
A slncle pasfage from one of the early
speeches of Cobden will serve to show
why free trade ha 3 been adopted by the
British and why the corn laws were re
pealed. Addressing the Commons, he
said: "I am neither a Whig nor a Tory.
I am a free trader. Under the corn laws
the family of a. nobleman pays to the
bread tax about one halfpenny on every
300 pounds of income, while the tax takes
from the income of the family of a labor
ing man about 20 per cent." Of course, a
monstrous tax of that kind upon a neces
sary of life could not be maintained In a
free country, and it was repealed. Pro
tection in the United States does not en
tail a bread tax nor impose such unjust
burdens upon tho laboring man. It Is, on
the contrary; a benefit to him, since it
builds, up industries which provide him
witli work and wages.
The wide difference which exists be
tween the conditions of the United States
and of Great Hritaln affords ample expla
nation why a fiscal system. injurious m
the one country can be advantageous to
the other. Professor Armltage-Smith,
however, is an intense partisan on the
subject and undertakes to maintain thai
free • trade is right everywhere, that all
the nations of Europe and America are
wrong and that Great Britain alone ha 3
the true light. Ho has made an Interest
ing work and those who wish to go over
again the old controversy that raged
around the tariff issue in this cpuntry
during the Cleveland administration will
find the work worth reading. ("Tho Free
York, is devoted to the history of official
Washington. It contains excellent pic
tures, in half tone, of the United States
Senators now serving, the respected mem
bers of the Supreme Court, a group photo
graph of Mrs. McKinley surrounded by
the "Ladles of the Cabinet," and specially
posed pictures of the President and his
Cabinet. In addition are given valuable
and authentic biographical sketches and
data of importance. The publishers have
taken up a new and Interesting field, and
from the superior results thus far at
tained merit the success which will un
doubtedly be theirs.
Concerning Mexico.
"Guide to Mexico" is the title of a
bandy little text of some 12T pages from
the pen of Christobal Hidalgo,. Besides a
map and excellent photogravures illustra
ting the character and life of the country,
the book contains detailed information up
on every point likely to be of valua to an
Amorlcan contemplating a visit to Mex-co
cither for business or pleasure. It com
prises statistics, the agricultural re
sources of the country, descriptions of its
cities and railroads, possibilities of em
ployment in different branches of labor,
and points of interest for the sightseer—
altogether a quite valuable and handy lit
tle volume. (The Whitaker & Ray Com
pany, San Francisco, $1.)
•'Autobiography of a Cu^cK '
'.'The Autobiography of a Quack" is a
psychological study of a man who is more
rogue than quack in the common accepta
tion of the term; for we do not usually
symbolize by "quack" downright villainy,
and Dr. Mitchell has taken for his subject
the description of the character of one
who is- the embodiment of degeneracy and
whose life opposes the theory that envi
ronment is able to overcome the evil en
dowments of nature. Dr. Sandcraft. the
quack, engages in practice of all kinds
of nefarious work, sometimes led on by
love of pain, and again Induced to gratify
some passing, impulse.. His methods are
all dishonest, and as they are employed
by a clever man, who is mentally ami
physically the opposite of weak, the sym
pathies of the reader are not engaged
in his behalf. Indeed, It la with a feel
ing ot distrust, us well as of pleasure.
Book AEVIEWS
that on<> rises from a perusal of Dr.
Mitchell's book— distaste on account of
the unvaried rascality of the leading char
ter and pleasure given by the skill of the
author In clothing with interest the ex*
plolts of even a precious rogue.
In the same volume is the imaginary
rnsc of Richard Dedloe, nr army surgeon,
who loses his limbs in the war of the re
bellion. V
The case excited a grbat deal of atten
tion and sympathy when the article ap
peared in the Century, and a number of
subscriptions were sent to the "Stump
Hospital." It was then that Dr. Mltcheil
confessed that ho had written up the case,
not having Intended it to fall into the
hands of the publishers, which it did
through h friend.
The descriptions of Dedloe's sensations
aro painfully vivid. not only where he lose 3
his limbs, one by one, but after he has be
come a "stump."
The story Is not pleasant reading to one
who. Is affected by horrible pictures, sticr*
as could alone oomo from the pen of one
who, like Dr. Mitchell, has been a lifetime
in Katherins such data, but it la certainly
fascinatingly weird. (The Century Com
pany, New York: $1 25.)
Guide to Paris."
Laird & Lpe of Chicago have just issued
an eighth edition of their Guide to Paris,
which is to all purposes an entirely new
book, to be known henceforth as "Lee's
Standard Guide to Paris." This work
was successful from the start, but in its
present form it is undoubtedly the best
guide of the size ever published on either
side of the Atlantic. Its main new feature
is a Eeries of twelve city routes, with dia
grams, covering every possible point of
interest in the great city, and giving
crisp, accurate descriptions of all monu
ments, public buildings, churches, the
aters, museums, bridges, parks, etc. These
routes have taken the experienced Paris
ian author months of close study, as his
ambition was to give the tourist a chance
to see everything and miss nothing, while
covering the ground in a minimum of
time. A second novel feature introduced
in the" book i 3 v short vocabulary of words
and sentences in German and Italian that
will prove most valuable to tourists visit
ing Switzerland, Germany, Austria or
Italy after or before their trip to Paris.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
th? wo.M how he did It, another hardy
sailor has proclaimed his Intention of
doing, or trying to do. the same thing. It
would not be surprising if. before long,
"ocean greyhounds" would have to steam
at half-speed to avoid running down
would-be Slocums, trying to circle the
globe alone.
Stanley Waterloo's new novel. "The
Seekers," has called forth a striking
tribute from Dr. Dowlc. This eminent
preacher, who claims to have performed
miraculous cures and holds crowds en
thralled by his emphasis if not by his elo
quence, says that "the hottest place in
hell Is reserved for Stanley Waterloo."
Mr. Waterloo has therefore abandoned
his project of going to the war In t^e
Transvaal; and is remaining in Chicago
by way of fitting himself for so rloble a
vocation.
Frank K. Young. wllely known by his
articles on the strategy of the Beer war.
is the author of a series of books on
chess playing, known as the' "Minor,"
"Major" 'and "Grand" tactics of chess.
Mr. Young believes that the mathematics
of chess and of war are identical, and
that chess play and warfare differ only in
matters of relatively minor detail. This
idea he will bring out more clearly In a
fourth volume. "Chess Strategy's Illus
trated," which Little, Brown &. Co. pub
lish next falL
A timely novel, taking its plot and char
acters from the "Oberammergau Passion
Play"— ln fact containing almost the full
text of the famous drama— will appear
the latter part of April. It is called "The
Crucifixion" and is written by the bril
liant Kngllsh Journalist, AVUllam T.
Stead. Great popularity la predicted for
the book on account of the decennial per
formance of the play occurring this sum
mer. It was written In a most unusual
manner. In ISOO Mr. Stead realized a long
standing wish to see the "Oberammer
gau Passion Play." He attended several
performances of the drama and grew so
enthusiastic over it that he secured— at
woman, now worn with ago. ret trusting
as ev-er In the absolute reality of these
Christ pictures that have ccme to her all
her life.
EooKs Received.
"The Redemption of David Corson," by
Charles Frederic Goss. The Bowen-Mer
ri!l Co.. Indianapolis.
"Robert Tourny." by >William Sage.
Houghton. MiiHin & Co., Boston and New
York; $1 CO.
"Chalmette." by Clinton Ross. J. B. LJp
pincott Co.. Philadelphia. Paper: DO cents.
"The Immortal Garland." by Anna
Robeson Brown. D. Appleton <S*Co., New
York. Cloth, II; paper. £) cents.
"Ezra Hardman, M. A., of Waybaclc
College," and other stories, by Sara li.
Ropers. Dodse Pub'.ishinpr Co.. New York.
"Sophia." by Stanley Woyman. Long
mars, Green & Co.. New York; Jl SO.
"Historical Nuggets." Selections rrom
Macaulay. Stanley. Froude, Flske. Arm
strong and Emerson. Fords, Howard &
Hu'.bert. New York: 45 cents.
• "About My father's Business." by Aus
tin Miles. The Mershon Co., New York;
$1 50.
"Twentieth Century Knighthood," a se
ries of addresses to young men, by Ilev.
Louis Albert Banks. D.IX Funk & Waj
r.alls Co., New York; 75 cents.
"Who's Who In America." A biograph
ical dictionary of living men and women
of the United States. Edited by John W.
Leonard. A. N. Marquis & Co., Chicago;
J2 73.
"Lee's Standard Guide to Paris and
Every-day French Conversation." Laird
& Lee. publishers, Chicago. Cloth, co
cents: morocco gilt, $1.
4eg I! i= over. The master of the /^^WSII : '^ Pw, : •
fff a hounds has hung up his I. ¦>'.>; -' Ww
/ jgum hill and down Blingum dale "/git. . .
f echo the praises of the queen of / -¦' : ¦ '. ; ; -' * ¦.«';
the cha««. There isn't any dis- / r :^ •'• ¦¦M ' ,:-'¦'¦''¦ v ; ¦ ¦'¦ -' '.'•' ' ' /%.
thoueht of risk beforehand once .-; * - Sw'^fl
\ •— . «^-*-^. X ' n tn e saddle it was swept away X^ '£&£,¦
/*sA CT^^ by the color and stir of the field. Xf^^jj^fi;
I^>S\Z^^ *V the supreme excitement ot tht N^SS^gßM^s
P? We went to 3urHn*.ime to see
7^Xi£^SsS\, the. hounds throw off. It was the
" S /^ I JT\^\ la-t hunt of this season, and
hor c CS and riders were keen for _ \
¦ ¦ - I^\ the run. Spring was in the an-
THE SUNDAY CALL.
5
HHI2^BK« t »ti/'l'/ : 'ISA '/ " Theycomeri SStS h to r ve°rthis C pkkit" /i
? Ready for
oft for zs
Quief
canter.
MARIA WELLS
QUEEN OF THE HUNT
Me .
iT\u>e .
Look 5
pfca/e!,William in order to avoid a more serious
d A^Sfe^or Buffering, embittered by separa
tion, then began *ortbosa three beings.
Wil/iam returned to England. 'wWte £ora
and Julia went to Italy, where, in an at
mosphere quite new to tnem. by the effect
of a nature and an art they had Ipored
until then Nora's sensitive soul changed
Uttie by little and suffered the mysterious
transformation that Georg Ortsen had
ata^ln^^SKrt wffitoo^M!
But Nora began to detest that which she
believed to be the Imperative law of her
conscience She hated herself for having
condemned her mother without listening
to her defense. She hated herself for hav
ing^ refused William's love. She decided
she would go to him and say,: "I am
your wife* take me; I love you.
y °She spoke of this project to her sister
Julia, who burst into a storm of re
nroaches Nora, in her astonishment,
tried to' defend* her ideas at first but
finally she saw the motive of her elder
sister's anger— jealousy. And in the course
of amalnfrtcent scene she dared to expose
to her and show her the secret and uncon
scious hypocrisy that filled her heart. Ana
J^ a o C to c< him! You are a lost woman!"
deeply; your conscience is
poisoned! Farewell! lam going where I
cU S S h h e t r t e°jomed William after some months
of fruitless search. She found him in
Derbyshire, where was aid the opening
scene of the novel, which was written
throughout in retrospective form 1 after a
chapter in which William and Nora were
reunited. A!as! It was too late! Sepa
rated from the being whom he loved. Vvii
liam had led a wretched « xlstenc ? 7h a i "h
was dying of pitiless heart dlse » se '^ l^w
had already reduced him to the shadow
of himself. Nora's arrival reanimated the
invalid for a short time. He imagined he
was restored to life and happiness. But
the bright period was of short duration.
The maiady would not relinquish its prey,
and William died in Nora's arms. ..„,
"I have killed you!" she cried. For
5 "No?" replied William: "it is not you
who have killed me, Nora. It Is the other
Nora— the one whose conscience was not
awakened. . . ,
Long after Lea had finished the book
she remained in thought, leaning on the
window sill. The afternoon recreation
was over. The evening study and classes
had begun in the rustling silence of the
big buildings. The pupil who had been
copying in the neighboring room from tli
see Reclus' booK a short time before had
gone. The library was empty. By insen
sible degTees the June twilight was slowly
dying away. The steeple of St. Charles'
Church stood out darkly, precise and yet
obscure, like a silhouette cut in blacU
paper, acainst the background of a sky
like mother-of-pearl. Lea. standing there
motionless, had only, one thought, attenu
ated and dim.
She remembered vaguely a pointed stee
ple piercing the opalescent sky on the hor
izon at Richmond. Now that she had rin
ished her book she felt intoxicated by
what she had read, as by some drugged
beverage. The real and the imaginary
were indistinguishable, and the confusion
wa.s rialnful to her. William and Nora
were Geore and herself capricously meta
morphosed by Tinka's intuitive art. and
she had further complicated her person
ages by attributing to them the strange
and rebellious suggestions of her own con
science. Lea mechanically replaced the
book in her portfolio and left the library.
As Kcon as she attained the corridor the
Llnze of light from the electric globes
hurt her eye?, as though she had been
nwaitened suddenly. She had to stop and
Jean against the wall for support. A sen
sation of eiddiness seemed to make the
luminous line in the middle of the ceiling
ppin round her. A hand was laid upon
her arm.
"What is the matter. Lea? Are you
ill?"
She raised, h*»r eys and recognized Daisy
Crag-?:?. She drew a deep breath.
"No. Daisy," she. said, "it is nothing. I
stopped too long in the library reading
near the window, and the light in the cor
ridor dazzled my eyes. It is nothing, you
ccc: nothing!"
She took a few steps that were at first
rather uncertain, leaning on the Irish
¦woman's arm. Then she liberated herself
and walked along side by s!df v.-ith her.
Daisy watching her companion's face with
affectionate anxiety. She shook her head.
"You are not very well. Lea. I told
Pirnitz and your sister that you ought to
take v little holiday and go away for a
short time from this place."
"I shall have a vacation like all of you"
replied Lea. smiling, "when the pupils
take theirs."
Mile, de Salnte-Parade talked of rent-
Ing a house at the seaside or in the
country during the months of August and
September— a house where the mistresses
m:|?ht stay with those of the pupils who
had no relatives or whose family would
allow them to go.
Daisy CrapK's Hp moved as though she
were about to speak, but she restrained
the Impulse and said nothing. Her sister
Edith had told her the story of Lea and
Georß Orsten. Although she was op
posed to the dominant sex and had been
simerely happy and tranquil in her celi
bacy since she had enjoyed Germaine's
vivifying presence, she would willingly
have scolded Ix>a in a friendly fashion.
"What! You are still th-nking of that
dar.dy who w<\3 nmiising himself in Italy
while you were weeping for him!" But
she was tao charitable and too kind
hearted to run the risk of paining her
companion. "Besides," she thought, "I
don't understand these love stories."
"Have you heard the news?" she paid
in order to change the subject, as. having
descended the staircase, they were going
to their rooms.
"What news?"
"There is an article attacking us In the
Eemalne de St. Charles, the little journal
which is said to be directed by the Abbe
Minot."
"Attacking us? '
"Yes. Mile. Heurteau lent it to me a
few moments ago. I glanced through it.
We are not mentioned Individually, but
the methods nnd the instruction of the
school are condemned, with a few reser
vations and compliments in honeyed
P " r wtmt do they reproach us with?"
° S She onV asked" hy mere habit and by
the acquired force of her former apos
tolic ardor. As a matter of fact, she had
become completely indifferent to all mat
ters relating to the school. The earnest
tone of her own voice asking the ques
tion astonished her; it resembled an In
voluntary hypocrisy which she desptsed.
while Daisy was telling her or trie ob
jections made by the Abbe Minot to "a
ivstem of education that is half Protest
ant and half atheistic, a cosmopolitan,
anarchical tendency, the sullying of
youthful imagination by indiscreet hysri
enic lessons, the lack of modesty in the
Instruction Riven, the openly professed
horror of marriage."
The two women arrived at the door of
Lea's room. The young girl listened with
secret impatience, her hand on the door
knob Her dizziness was gradually dis
appearing, leaving in her brain two
vaguely aching spots as^ though caused
by ft double blow.
"Protestants! Protestants!" cried Daisy
Indignantly. "I am as good a Catholic as
ho is. the dirty old caasocked scribbler!
If my father had not been a Catholic he
would never have been driven from his
farm like a dot: when I was only ten
years of age! Protestants. Indeed!"
She went away still muttering. this epi
thet, which ruffled the hereditary fiber of
a persecuted race in her. Lea entered her
room. Frederique was dressing for suo
per, according to the custom cf the
school; where even the pupils were led to
the lavatory before meals and came to
table with clean hands and fa<*e^, the? I 
hair in order and their clothes well
brushed. Frederique was arranging her
heavy tresses of dark hair before the mir
ror of the wardrobe. L«»n loofced at her
for a moment before closing the dx>or.
"How beautiful she is!"
And the two aching points In her hraln
immediately became more painful. With
out turning Frederique asked:
"Is that you. dearest? Where have you
been all afternoon? I have been looking
for you."
"I was in the library lookin? through
some albums by Viollet le Due."
The half falsehood caused her no confu
sion. For a long time the former com
plete communion between the two sisters
had changed Into a discreet reserve.
"While Fredertque, observing her sister
secretly, related the effect produced upon
the general staff of the tchool by the arti
cle in the Semalne de St. Charles. Lea.
having taken off her bodice, cooled her
face and her milk white arms In the cold
water, and then, letting down her chest
nut hair and leaning backward, she began
to brush it and arrange it afresh.
Frederlque'a words made clear to her
the meaning of the double pain In her
brain. She began to understand what was
the double shock that Tinka's story had
caused her. It had aroused her Jealousy
against her elder. With a sort of moody
certainty. Lea now attributed the senti
ments of the Imaginary Julia to the actual
Fredertque. The other shock was this
fear— Georg was HI: Georg was dying, like
William in the book!
Tlnka, by an artistic caprice, had given
Lea's soul to the hero of her novel, but all
"William's love adventure was really that
of Georg, and the story of his return to
England read like a faithfully written
diary. Since the novelist told of his ill-
Synopsis of Preceding Chapters.
FreaetiQue and Lea Eurier. native TarlElans,
are half-irtßter*. The first is the result of a
liaison between the mother and a man of
w-ealih and portion, the second the Issue of a
mariiapi- hastily patched up with an inferior
in th» employ of the seducer. The couple <1!e
»n4 the deters are thrown upon the world.
They a.'cure pot-itions In a wallpaper firm. hut.
because of Improper advances made by their
raptoyer, Jude IXiram!>erty. they reslpn.
llcanwhile they had fallen in with an en
thuciastic Hungarian Inrty. nomaine Pirr.iti.
tho f-.-under of a erwiety named the rwble
Maifonf. with tranches in nudapest. in London
ovA in Paris. Her Mea and the M^a of her
society is that every woman Fhoul.i learn a
trade and a correct theory of life. Now. this
correct theory is that woman ehouid be Inde
pendent, virtuous herself and the inspiration
to virtue in man: further, that celibacy is
nobler than marrtape.
When the sorters are cast out of employmrnt
Wn:e. Pirnitz recommends th^ni to the branch
<V her society in London. The six-let y obtains
*-erk for both. In L*>r.<l.->n they lodse with a
Flr.nish brother and plMer. <;«>.->rjr and Tinka
Ortsen. the former a sculptor, the latter a
novelist l^ra. openly. Kr<*Jeri<iue secretly, fall
In love tvith Ge'irjj. "and he with Lea.
The young people drram "f a r-.yst'c and
platonlc union. tu;t <Wr« shatters th'« idr-a!
by one too pa^sic nate kiss. The Reparation.
ennne !crj by Kl-.Jeri.sue and Romaine. become*
absolute when •;•!¦. r^ MdZessea in the present
of the trio that he has U>st hi* virginity. T!-.'*
f:m»!-b menr.iihll" leave !»v.idon an<l J'Mr. th ¦¦>
I'aris branch of the society as teacher*. But
Lf» «tf!i FcmrtM for h»r lover.
This yearning Is Increased tenfold «hc-n
heirs that another of tiie Noble Maide'.:*.
Dnyvecfec Hexpel. !;i* tmrsKPtl herself to
m.-.rry a vidower nacirt Rexainefca scraint-t
the visfc*.* of ihc pocfetr. .".Ml mainly because
cf h<-r '.ove for t'.)p man's tittle invalid B n.
Other Ncbl^ Idafdero who i>lay wibord'.naUr
paits in th« KtCTT «r.' Mme. Sar.z. Mile, llour
teau, Hdith .tr.J T^a:*y t'r.i^s. <J»r:nain** Sou
btxe, etc. The society tiaa a V):tt<>r enemy in
thp Abb* Minct. a lieroous but boorish and
Li.ytrd priest of peasant '^risia.
Copyrighted — CHAPTER V — Continued.
SKATCD arour.d the bis lamp car
ried In by the artisan thry contin
ued to talk about the child. Re
mlncau recounted the incidents of
liis attack of bronchitis during the winter,
his relapses and constantly increasing
anaemia.
"As a mntter of fart, the little fellow is
ratir.g his heart away. There is no Other
name fcr it. He is so fond of MH<>. Duy
vecke. and her departure was a dreadful
blow to bid. He has never recovered
from it. Ibe poor little f eilow seems to
vepeiate here. And what can 1 do, all
alon'-. I j'lay v.ith him as will as I can
end give him everything he asks for, but
1 Ci;::r.ot take Mii<-. Duyvecke's place."
Duyvecke, liar.!;.? on the table, wiped
her »j(*, which had suddenly tilled With
tears.
"What a pity he Ss not a girl," said
Germaine. "We could take him to the
schonl and everything Tvould be settled. "
"You could not bring htm up w;th the
piris, even at his age?" a>kod Renilneau
timidly.
"No, ' said Duyvecke. "We do r.ot be
lieve in co-education. It is against ILJe.
Pimitz's ;.ir::u i;i'es."
"In that case tne little chap and I are
lost."
"I will elm and Bee him .is often as
possible, l>n:i, con't be afraid."
'i he worttuutn snuoK h.» tiead without
repi> inK- oeriuaiiit; Suuuizes presence
t-mbariasseu n:m and prevented turn from
saying ail lie would nave t-aid to uuy-
Vecke ha<i tney been aione. And i»u>
vecke, uno>: standing his confusion, was
very gla^i tnat lie tsaouid not npea.lt and
that siie bad not to listen tv h:m. for a
little while noihi.i^ «\us beard but ihe
muliied hi:-s.i!.B at wie lami» in the O:nins
room. It was lici-maine wuo broke the si
lence.
"We had a very exciting time at the
Bchool to-day?*,*
"VViiy. wr.at was the matter?" .isk'; 1
Duyvecke.
"Tiie inspector called— not the technical
Inspector, the one for primary education."
Well.' i t >¦ not the lir.^-t tinx
"No. but tor the Drat liise it was a M.
Lecointe-Uupre. who. instead of L"ing jvj
lite and beuevolent like thos<; of m.->
pre«2ee< sehis who havt- already paid us v
visit, put on an air ot great authority,
questioned the pup;!?, criticized our pro
gramme, th«- discipline and the spirit
in which our school is conducted— in lact.
it was quite a little revolution."
"What doe* it matter? \V«- are our own
mistresses and a^k lor nothing from the
Government."
"On the contrary. Mile. Heurteau claims
that it matters a great d< al. .She says
his had tf-mj 1 r proves that the disposition
of the authorities t with regard to us has
changed. Tho inspector came with defi
nite, prartmnsed i>i'-as and armed with a
port of official authorization to criticize
us. In France the Government ran put
Bjmkea in any urbee] when it likes."
"That's :<n outr.-'so." Interrupted Re
minr-au. "1 should like to know what tin
Government objects to in our school! It
will not tind m;my conducted by women
ti.^ respectable!*?
The worthy fellow ¦was quite oxcited, as
tfeough some one hnd been disrespectful
t« Duyvecke herself in his presence.
*'Ml!e. Heurteau. who was the only one
to t.'Uk with the inspector after h:s round
«-»f the classes, says that be .protest'-.!
¦LRainst the immorality of the Instruction
fe-iven:"
"The immorality?" cried Duyver-ke.
"V*s; no supervision of th<" pupils. They
ere too fn-o; they go home alone. We in
culcate very Maskable doctrines. We set
them against marriage, agatoct matern
ity. You *cc how I'irnitz's ideas are trn
vejstlcd outside! My lessot;s were particu
larly incriminated! It «pp<ars th'jre is a
rumor current In St. Charles that i h.-ivc;
teught them very Questionable ur
*.&;ls about care* necessitated in child
birth. And yet you know nidi what dis
cretion I have touched upon such :i dcli
cato suljjeet."
"Who can have spread Fuch a ca
lumny?"
"I don't know. Mile. Heurteiu flunks
she divined from the very reticence «>£ the
Inspector that the Municipal Council lias
had seme share in it. As for me, I suspect
"Oh! A priest! Do you think he would
have ar.y share in Bttcfa an abominable in
trijrtie?" cn*-d Duyvecke. who was still a
pious end churehgoing Catholic.
"He may think he is serving the church
In i.tTack'r.g us."
"Di« the inspector speak to Pirnits?"
"No. but he seized an opportunity to
cay a few words to Frederique. She was
pivirig her lesson in French to the elder
pirls when he camp into her. classroom.
After questioning several of the pupils
rather bad temprrpdly a.nd trying to c-ra
barrafls them, he asked them, one after
the other. 'Have you received a certifi
cate?' The girls, who hardly knew what
he meant, opened their eyes In amazem
ent. After the fourth demand Fred
crique replied. 'No, sir. None .of these
children has a certificate, as none of them
has ever paesed an examination. I thought
you knew that.' The inspector, rather
disjruFted. protested. 'iiut why don't
they undergo an examination?' 'Society
does not need diplomas,' cried Fred
erique. "What it needs is enerpry and
conscJence: 1 Thereupon the inspector
turned red. rose and left the classroom.
MJle. Heurt^au he declared tiis inten
tion of sending ia a very unfavorable re
port." -
"Very well: lot him draw up ills report.
It cannot affrct us. cs the Government
gives us rothing."
"Mile. Heurteau says they can always
withdraw our authorization. And you
mill see.' continued Oermaine. with a
eudden animation which he'ghtened her
oolor and even seemed to chanjje the hue'
of her eyes; "they vvil! withdraw it! They
will persecute us because we represent in
dependence and truth! All the corrupt
citizens of fit. Charles and al! official
Paris wiil bfind together asainst the
school. But, I asauro you. there is at
least ono amonp t:s who will not be put
out quietly. They phall kill me first!"
She became silent and for a few mo
ment; hhe remained with contorted lace
and lips tXCTBbUng under th» Inlluerce of
a restrained fury. Remineau looked with
tome surprise ct the pleasant visage bo
suddenly ronvult=ed. Duyveoke only
smiled. She was familiar with CJermaine's
stormy temperament, with her sudden
outbursts of indignation, her revolution
ary tendency. By a sort of endosmosis
the anarchial doctrines which the course
of years had attenuated In Daisy's mind
had infiltrated Flowly Into that of her
companion. Since Oermnine had inhab
ited the school Fhe had become irritable.
She no longer talked cf anything: save re
bellion, of a- vengeance to be wreaked
ten one of the lines of this cylinder."
Pirnltz herself admired Lea's tranquill
ity, the calm, tireless activity with which
she accomplished her daily task. But Pir
nitz, so accustomed to read the human
heart, was mistaken. In the fullness of
her hope she said to herself: "Lea has
recovered control of herself." Lea even
deceived herself.
"Oh. Vanderbrouck, your drawing is
very poor. Stand up for a moment."
She took a glass of clean water, dipped
the brush in it and prepared the colors,
her graceful profile bent over the sheet of
paper buckled by the humidity*. But while
she handled the brush and pointed out the
faults to the pupil— a fair-haired girl, with
a narrow forehead, big blue eyes and
wide-open mouth — she had only one
thought, a thought that little by little be
came painful as a wound. Her mind dwelt
on the book brought in a few moments be
fore by the little monitress, the book she
had refused with such apparent indiffer
ence, and which was now lying upon the
table on the platform.
She had cast a glance at the book, a
single glance, when Alexandrine offered It
to her. She has seen two things with a
shock— the small, black, clear type of the
English paper wrapped round it. and the
bluish violet stamps with the nls,.tt. "irea
"2V»" above the proliie of the
Queen. It came from Eng- 1
"Who can have pent me a |
boon from England?" I ; ff?3~Zi
[!' Mir.o. F.iv.iv.. who was to ftf**!?
Irave the following day, ha 3 Kfl&&*3
not been In l': ; ris at that Si&M-£
very moment. her nnni" tS&if>oi&
would have occurred to her fes«urs
at or.cc. As It could not be Ifi&fC
from Mme. Rar>7.. who couWl 1111111
have sent It? Edith <'raggs. WmMai
Daisy's sister, who had been HfHMQ!
her companion and friend in I^sS^
I'lariss" workshop? Th« Heßgi
hook apreared to ho an or- l^^S
dinary English novel, und MvfyJgi
Edith, who ior s'-.rrii 1 V.rr.'i miS^t 4^
had given no p'gn of "life, v.-a.i ¦¦.fp***
rjuitc !ncapat>ie of sending Eliiißji
anything except Methodist fffesfe&
Still Lra, while continuing IV^?*
her round among the pupils. m'&feM
tried to force herself to be- R?^»S
lirvr tb:U the book had bf-^n lyisia
sent by Edith, could only B«^^
have been scr.t by her. But BXsl?!
I y i he mysterious power of R^^g
divlnution. which becomis so B$§»PP?
keen In moments of spiritual BuJ&sfS
erfscF she felt tbat it coul.l W^&3
no: be from Eoiith. S'.ie K^sSi
knew it: She was sure of it! WmSmk
Continued Next Sunday.
meet her lover she went along the corri
dor quickly and up the two flights of
stairs. Upon the landing of the first she
met Germaine Soubize.
"Oh, Lea, Duyvecke has written to me!"
the slender young, rea-halred girl said to
her as they passed each other.
Ah! What does she say?"
"Little Remineau has had a relapse.
This time It is a veritable attack of mu
cous fever, unmistakably defined. She
dare not leave him. She says If he were
to die in her absence she would feel that
she had killed him."
"Well?"
"She Is stopping with him."
•Without any further exchange or con
fidences the two girls went on, each in
her own direction. Lea, while walking
toward the library, remembered the con
fusion created among 1 the members of the
general staff of the school the day before
by Duyvecke's absence. They had tried
to hide their confusion, and no one dared
to discuss it. They even pretended that
Duyvecke had acted wisely. "She could
not let the. little one die through her
fault.". In her place they would all have
acted as she had done,
But each of Duyvecke's companions
asked herself In secret. Will she return?
The uneasiness created by this defection,
the first that had occurred since the
foundation of the school, was Increased by
a vague fear of the financl.il embarrass
ments of Mile, de Salnte-Parade. by the
emotion, due to the Inspector's visit and
his pronounced hostility. Lea thought, as
she walked along: "Duyvecke is guided
by fate. In spite of herself she will re
main at Remineau's and will marry him.
She pulled herself up in her thoughts by
an effort of will. She was afraid of com
paring herself to Duyvecke. Did she hope
for a similar constraint, for a pressure
upon the part of Destiny that would also
liberate her? «
The echool library occupied three me
dium-sized rooms upon the second floor,
lined with shelves and furnished with a
few bamboo armchairs. Most of the
books were Dauer-backed. Ud to the
"Jhanks, jfl 3xl ndrine. put Jt on My Jable."
present there had been no money to
b:nd thorn. They came from Pir
nitz's o!d library and increased by
gifts from each of the foundresses,
and, above all, by a fine collection
t>f classical authors taken from Mile,
de Sainte-Parade's residence; for, as
.Mile, de Salnte-Parade never read a
line, she had offered them to the
school. In each room there was a
window opening upon the square,
planted with chestnut, trees, which
formed the other side of the Kue
Delornel. They w<:e b:-.y windows,
with a little bench running around each
one.
When Lea came In two of the three
rooms were empty: in the third a pupil
was copying out of the "Universal Geog
raphy," by Reclus. Lea sat down on a
bench in one of the windows. Evening
was slowly descending. An orange col
ored light gilded and reddened the top*
of the trees, the roofs in the Rue Delor
nel and In the neighboring Rue St.
Charles, and the pointed steeple of the
church. Lea recnlied 5n ber memory an
evening at the beginning of summer sim
ilarly glorified by a reddish sunset. It
was in Surrey, after a day spent with
Georg. About the same hour they had
stopped at a little old-fashioned English
inn, the Rutland Arms, to take afternoon
tea.
Yes, a similar orange hadrblushed the
light atmosphere that evening, and the
tenacious memory of the eyes suddenly
reanimated all the souvenirs, all the pic
tures of that happy period. The past rose
up victoriously before her, moro real than
the unreal. Indifferent present. Was not
all that had happened since then a con
fufed dream— their return to France, the
two "attempts made by Georg to win his
betrothed, the long months spent in the
school in a state of artificial exaltation?
It seemed to Lea that another person had
usurped her. thoughts and her Mfc! To
day time and space were annihilated, and
she seemed to reconquer her former per
sonality! She became again the joyous
traveler pouring out the steaming tea for
Georg Ortsen in the little parlor of the
Rutland Arms, lit up by the orange rays
of the sunset.
She heaved a sigh for freedom. Open-
Ing her portfolio, she took out the book,
untied the string without haste, unfolded
a number of the Bristol Herald in which
It was wrapped, and, comfortably in
stalled in the corner of the window, began
to read.
It was a cheap .eighteen penny edition
of an English novel, entitled "William
Powell's Two Sisters: translated from the
Finnish of Tlnka Ortsen, by Mrs. Irving
Clarke." It was bound 'in cardboard,
with a design, in tawdry colors, at once
loud and tasteless, so inartistic was their
juxtaposition. It represented a woman
sitting on astono bench with a man at
her feet.
Lea examined the first page, thinking
she might find some Indication as to its
origin, perhaps a little dedication. But
the page was blank; not a single word
was written upon it. . • '
"One of the most varied and picturesque
fiarts of England for travelers Is cer
ainly the county of Derbyshire, near the
old thermal station called. Buxton, where
Queen Anne formerly went to take the
baths." .
Lea read and reread this phrase me
chanically. It seemed to her quite de
void of sense. She had never been to
Derbyshire. She had never heard of Bux
ton, and then her very deception made her
realize that she had expected to find the
As for Nora, this is how the author de
scribed her:
"She hud this peculiarity, her soul seem
ed to te almost always sleeping, as slum
bers a little child. It was a calm and
peaceful sleep, probably more peaceful
thnn its vigils; tor, when awakened, it
displayed a keen desire to enjoy life, to
be moved by powerful sensations. And
as she did not know how to procure, these
sensations. Nora would sit at the piano
for hours; for hours she would woo art
to give her peace. And, fatigued by its
own exaltation, Nora's soul would fall
asleep again."
Nora had a sister named Julia. In de
scribing her the author had certainly
used Frederiquc as a model. But she had
drawn a Northern Frederique, harshei,
more rigid, than the original one.
"Julia and Nora," continued the book,
"were born in Finland, where the Creator
seems to have measured parsimoniously
all the joys of warmth and light und
where for six months in the year
one might say that nature la
dead. Like the plants and the
trees, they had only learned half of
life, t And yet, though, they thought they
lived, a vague inner conscience warned
them that one day they would live more
fully, more intensely. They did nothing
to hasten that awakening. And as there
was no i disturbing element in their sur
roundings that awakening could only take
place owing to the development of their
own conscience."
The tragic, conscientious scruple which
really drove. ' the Herstens from Finland
had been Ingeniously changed and jitll-
Izcd. Julia and • Nora discovered that
their father and mother were not mar
ried, that their mother's real husband was
still alive, that, she had left him almost
immediately after their marriage to live
with a lover, and that Julia and Nora
were born of this union!
Bereft of respect tor their mother, they
dared not beg her to return to the path
of duty, so the two young girls preferred
to leave the paternal dwelling and to take
a refuge in Germany. There they met
William -Powells, who immediately
aroused their sympathy by his wretched
polltude. His wife had left her home,
like the mother of Julia and Nora. The
two sisters resolved to unite their lives
with that of William and thus' to try
and atone as much as lay in their power
a little of their mother's fault. They
would brighten his loneliness with their
tenderness.
In their Idea — and also In William's —
this tenderness was to be a purely frater
nal affection, but it changed gradually
into a more overwhelming and less inno
cent sentiment. They both became at
tached to William, but William loved No
ra only. And one evening, after a walk
which made Lea's heart throb quickly —
for she recognized in it the Richmond in
cident—William and Nora's lips met in an
ardent kiss. The girl was immediately
filled with horror* of herself. It was In
vain that William showed her that a di
vorce was possible, that the courts would
certainly grant it in his favor. . Nora re
plied inflexibly:
"I did not come to profit by your wife's
sin. but to comfort you and cherish you
with a sister's love. That which human
law permits here and forbids elsewhere
does not concern me. You have a wife
still living."
Julia, jealous of William's love for Nora,
strengthened her In her determination to
sacrifice herself. She decided to leave
She s v r m Iscd v'SWiB IHi
who sent it! Im^^&hpJlh h
She stuck firm- \u«S-! M f
ly to her task \SpiK*ili§l
until the end of WSt%i- ml
the lesson, and eVnlvl' m I
fli<l not return fffitl |3
to licr platform Isiwl' ilk
until she had Wmll HHs!^
pivcn the signal Mall?! »SlsS3fc.
to the girls to / \ff r*' :^£ii
put the drawing fe^W^T
boards, brushes V**§3&*i«
and other mate- JPte£r^*i4fct.
rials In order.
From the draw
ing class the
girls went to
the cloakroom with their blouses and then
to the playground to take tea. Lea did
not follow them, and was left alone,
standing before her table, face to face
with the little packet, which she regard
ed without touching.
When she had read the address she felt
a little relief. It was not entirely whfit
she had dreaded. That strange writing,
almost the writing of a child, full of Ir
regularities that formed a striking con
trast with the immense capital letters, re
vived in Lea's memories souvenirs of a
little mahogany desk, strewn with hun
dreds of sheets of paper, covered with the
same handwriting, and a sort of child
woman with a doll's face and short, curly
fair hair, sitting before the desk biting
a cork. penholder. Tinka Ortsen! The desk
upon which sho wrote in the drawing
room in Appletree Yard! And the novels
that she read oloud as fast as she imag
ined them, half turning toward her cus
tomary listeners, with an even, tranquil
voice! Lea could see again that little fig
ure, with the air of a fairy, princess, her
feet barely reaching to the carpet, and
rarely changing the outline of her short,
white starched skirt! „:*.
"Why has Tinka sent me-'a book?
Although less disquieting than a letter,
the packet signified an intention, a desire
to renew relations that had been broken
for a year and a half. Lea was terrified
to find that this return into tne past, far
from startling her as it would have done
formerly, now charmed her. Her heart
beat with an irresistible Joy. a joy so
overwhelming that It swept away all sad
ness and all anxiety.
She did not tear oft the wrapping of the
book. She felt incapable of taking any
resolution, 'ihe cries of the pupils play-
Ing In the courtyard reached her ears en
feebled by fae distance, for the yard ex
tended to the other side of the buildings In
the Rue dcs Vergers. Lea followed her
customary routine, put everything in or
der, then slipped the book into her leather
portfolio, left the classroom, taking the
key with her. attained the lavatory, where
she washed her hands and face. Then,
and then only, she hesitated.
Pirnltz and Madame Sanz were absent:
they had b*gun the furnishing of the lit
tle house they had rented In the Avenue
Henri Martin for the pupils of the Free
College. But Frederlque would certainly
be In the playground: The duty of gen
eral supervision fell to one of the foun
dresses in rotation, and it was Fred
erique's turn to-day. Lea felt that she
could not sustain her elder sister's gaze.
It was already so hard for her to with
stand, it seemed to scrutinize her very
Boul-on ordinary, occasions. How could
Bho hide from her such profound emo
tions? She felt she had not courage to
reveal its cause to her."
She thought of the library, and as noon
as the idea occurred to her she beheld
herself reading the mysterious book in
the corner by the window. She took up
her leather portfolio again, and with her
heart beating like that of one hurrying to
upon an idle, tyrannical society.
In the silence a little voice cried from
the neighboring room:
"Mamma Vecke!"
Duyvt-cke ran to the child's bed, Reml
neau and Germaine following her.
Gaston put his arms around Duyvecke's
neck as she bent over him and whispered
in her ear. They only heard the young
girl's reply.
"I will come again."
"No." said the child aloud: "you must
not go away. You must stop here. You
must stop here always."
Duyvecke kissed him again.
"All right." she said.
Gaston a head fell back on the pillow,
but his black, wide-open eyes never left
the pretty Fleming's face. He was still
anxious, and had made up his mind not to
bo cheated again.
They withdrew from the bed.
"What did he whisper in your ear?"
asked Romir.oau.
"He wants me to stay with him. Xatur
ally eaougb, 1 replied yes. Hut it is late.
1 must go with Germaine. The doctor
will not need mo, as everything is going
on so satisfactorily. Besides, I doubt that
he will come now. it is so late."
"Jt is after 10 o'clock," said Germaine.
"1 will tro arid put on my hat. and Ger
maine ami I will -run away through the
dining-room."
"1 hunt? tho little chap won't suspect
anything. " murmured Ilemineau, in an
anxious tori. "He will make such a row
if ho discovers that you are gone."
"Nonsense. You must tell him 1 am
resting. t!-nt 1 am asleep, and that he
must not awaken me. He will end by go
:rg to s:et>p."
U'liilc- speaking she adjusted a black
r;r:i\v bat on the heavy ma: : a of curly fair
hair. \,ut. In spite or herself, her voice
trembled. The two girls softly cript out
of the dining-room through the door open
ing Into the hall. Kemineau accompanied
th«?rn, moodier than ever. As they were
iioftly saying good-by the door of the bod
room Opened suddenly and they saw Csas
ton with hi.* bare feet, trembling In his
blue shirt, a lamentable little living skele
ton.
"Ah! Great heavens!" cried Duyvecke.
She caught him up quickly and carried
him to his bed: ecverlng him with kisses
nrhiifl scolding him.
'"Oh. >i v naughty boy. You naughty
•>oy. to ;:et up v.'ztho'.it my leave. You
caugrhty child. 1 will not come again."
The child, without weeping, his ryes
burning with fever; clasped his thin fing
« ri- arour.d EJuyyecke's aim. around her
n<''". :•: d r«"JC-siTi-:iiy dr pvoly :
"'Mamma Vedse mn^t nut go away. She
xnufi r.ot 6O away. 1 won't iot her."
lie trembled; h:s t-eth (pattered, and
apain an alarming red Qush r n se to his
cheek?. Germaine whispered in Duy
\ecke's oar:
"If you do not step, that child is going
to bave another access of fever."
Deyvecke; kneeling near her bed, re
assured tho boy and promised to r?:nain.
With his nervous hands he grasped the
trim cf the straw hat in an endeavor to
remove it- Doyvecke laughed:
"You are hurting me! You are pulling
my ba!rrv
Fhe had to take oft her hat. and only
then would Gastoo be pacified. He would
not allow Duyvecke to go away from the
bed. and as ehe made a movement an
though to ro Into tho riinir.ir room he al
m<-st jumped out of bed again.
'"What am I to do?" Duyvecke asked
Gfrrp;;ine.
•JThere is nothing to do but to stop
here."
"Oh. yes. Mile. Duyvecke!*! stammerer!
Remineau. hi.s face working nervously.
"Step here. I pray you! The little fe'.low
wr.n't rrmfin in be«l if he seos you jro
awsy. I will leave the place if you liv**
1 will git outside en the stairs, o*r, if you
prefer, I will go for some worr.ari to
watch and nurs^ h!rr> with us; then no
one can say anything."
"It ia not what people here will Fay
that is troubling me." said DuyvecVe.
Ehrujrclng her shoulders, "but at the
Bchcol!"
'11 v.ill tell ther"< what has hanpencd."
rrli Germaine. "Do you think Daisy or
Pirnlta wbuld r>ct differently if they were
in yoi?r place?"
"Oh! Daisy, no. Tint. Pirnitz— l ranno*
ray. In any r.isc, it's God's wi]J. I shall
stop! Try and make our friends under
stand that it was impossible for me to
rciurn." /
As soon as Oe'maine had left Remi
nesii took Duy« oleo's hftnd and attemp*
f<\ to k!ss It. But drew it away, sud
denly erp.'o;»r»*as==« i rl and oonfused.
"I pray you. Remi, leave me alone with
the littl« one!"
Ho vrnt away, went as far from her
np the limited ronm wou'o 1 allow him. and
took refuge in the kitchen. Duyvecke.
Firtinc- on f.n«ton"« rr<l. rested her head
upon th<> pUItOT; her cheek against his
r-heok. The child caressed her with his
little m< ist hands for a s^nn time,
touched hr-r with bis li'js nnd then fell
asleep. And sh^ also fell n«leen. slum
borine roondly in nil the tranquillity as
surfti her by a superb henlth.
Al! .his time the arti=«n sculptor, sit
ting on a Fto->1 in tho kitchen, his heels
unon one of the crosshnrs. his hands
clasped around his knees, watched
throuph the oppn window a corner of the
blue sky. Bcixitlilatinj; the stars, whlcr
was outlined by tho chimneys and carrets
of the neiehborlns houses. He did not
want of F!e"p. He did not ever want to
move. He was completely happy.
CH AFTER VI
Tho vast rectangular room where Lea
p.ivp her lessons In water colors to a score
of puj.ils v.-as bright that afternoon In
Juno, with the warm rays of sunlight still
powerful, though it was after 4 o'clock.
On the other side of the Rue Delormel,
whore tliis wing of the building was sit
uated, the chestnut trees on tho vacant
plot of ground showed their motionless
verdure, dry and dust-laden, above the
boundary wall. Not a breath of fresh air
w.iF stirring outside. Tho twenty girls in
their glazed calico blouses, perched on
high stools or standing before their desks,
lr-anr-d over the drawing boards with
brows covered with beads of perspiration,
thoir eyes attentively watching the splash
of color made by tho brush, while they bit
their lips cr a little jtrimace contorted
their mouths in the effort to obey their in
structions. In spite of the big window
openings and the scrupulous cleanliness
of everything, the large room, with its
white walls, was lillt-d with the acrid odor
of thotr damp hair, of their youthful,
perspiring, imprisoned bodies.
Lea went along their ranks Inspecting
them one after the other. For a little
time she would stand without speaking,
following the work of the pupil, who
who sometimes stopped, upon which she
would say:
"Don't stop! Continue! Don't pay any
attention to mo."
When a wash of color had been laid
on she would make a few remarks.
Sometimes she would take the brush her-
Eelf and illustrate her observations with
a direct example, skillfully correcting a
mistake, and then go to the next pupil.
During the two long hours that this daily
water color class iasted she did l.ot In
terrupt her lesson for a single moment
The pupils even -noticed that she took
less and less leisure every day. She no
longer, as formerly, returned for a mo
ment to the little platform reserved for
the mistrefs to write a letter, to glance
over a ir..ipazinc or to rest. Only a few
minutes he-fore the young artists, grave
and orderiy, though they retained all the
curiosity and mischievous spirit natural
to their age. had witnessed an instance
of this professional, devotion. The girl
who wns the monitress for the week had
oome In with a little packet, apparently
a book, delivered by the postman, and
walked toward Lea. holding it out to her.
]>a was rectifying a tint in the little
color tablet cf a pupil, and she said, with
out taking the book:
"T.hanks. Alexandrine. Put It on my
table."
And while twenty pairs of eyes follow
ed the course of the book in Alexandrine's
hand, its ascension on the platform, and,
finally, its installation on the mistress' ta
ble. Lea calmly added -drops of -water to
the yellow ochre in the tablet.
"You see. Alice," she said to the little
brunette with Chinese eyes, whose stool
she hnd taken for the moment, "if you
do not prepare the tint very carefully b>
mixing it thoroughly and by seeing that
everything is perfect before you begin,
you may be as careful as you like in put
ting on the wash. It will always be spotty.
There, the color Is ready! Now lay it on
quickly with an even brush."
She gave up her place quickly to Alice
Aubry. who. climbing on to the stool, set
to work again, quite proud of having at
tracted the attention of the mistress, and
began to paint with her short-sighted, al
mond-shaped eyes almost on the board.
"Adele, you did not wash your brush
properly. s=o the color lias altered while
you were painting. The red has become
brown. My dear Claire, you have forgot-
portrait of herself in the book! She had
been convinced, absolutely certain, that it
would relate her story and that of Georg.
She resumed her reading. The story con
tinued with an Interminably minute de
scription of the little city of bath 3 built
at the bottom of a sort of funnel formed
by the high hills, a spur from neighbor
ing mountains. All Tinka's novels began
in this way. The opening was always
wearisome, long and cloudy, as though
the author's ideas awoke with an
effort. Little by little, like tho
breaking of day, life and warmth
began to vivify the pages until
the reader was surrounded by a flame so
bright, so ardent and so pure thai the
very obscurity of the beginning was illum
inated by contrast with it. Lea, after hav
ing glanced through a quarter of the vol
ume with an irritated impatience, felt the
influence of this mysterious flame, one
capable of illuminating the most abstruse
theories, of animating beings that cold
reason would regard as impossible.
The two characters of the book were
face to face. They were drawn vividly,
at once simply and surely, without any
attempt after effect; seen, as it were, from
within, with a marvelous sense of what
might be called the realization of the pic
turesque side of their souls. And In those
two souls Lea found her own and that of
Georg. Only, by an unexpected artifice,
the author had changed their sex; Wil
liam represented Lea and Nora represent
ed Georg. How could Lea fall to recog
nize in the following lines the modltled
delineation of her own nature?
"William made one think of a red rose
bush cultivated in a Northern hothouse, a
plant upon which had been grafted one
of those simple pale roses of Scandinavia
which resemble a lily. Only regular prun
ing prevented nature- from liberating the
original sap that struggled and rebelled
against the constraint of the thorny
branches. And if for two successive sea
sons the gardener should neglect to trim
the plant the sap would conquer and red
roses bloom instead of the pale, abortive
lilies."
THE SUNDAY CALIi.
ness and death, was It not becaua© aha
saw Georg dying before her eyes?
"I have killed you! cried Nora at tha
end of the book.
And that despairing cry haunted Lea.
She could only think of Georg now. with
"William's features. Feeble and ill. he re
covered toe influence over- his betrothed
that he had exercised in London hefora
her modesty had taken alarm. She had
been strong to oppose him when she saw
him twice afterward in Paris, robust and
insisting upon his rights, almost imperl
ous and more like ordinary men. But
now she was anxious, softened, ready to
yield when she again thought of him.
weak, solitary and dying through h*r
absence.
"Are you ready, dearest?'
Lea was so profoundly lost In reflection
that she had not even- thought of dissimu
lating or of breaking the silence with a
few words. Her sister's voice aroused
her. She was standing before the mir
ror, her toilet finished, her eyes gaziag
into vacancy.
"Yes. I am ready."
"Let us go down." said Frederlqua.
"The second bell has rung."
They were the last to arrive in the din
lng-room. Each went to her place. Lea
surrounded by her favorites, Alice Aubry,
Lydia Ronacker, Georgette Vincent and
little Alexandrine, woo had brought
Tinka's book to her in the afternoon. Tha
youthful chatter and conversation con
tinued as usual. They talked about
drawing, about wacer-color painting,
about experiments in chemistry, about
their games of prisoners' base, about gar
dening and also about Komaine's lectures.
Lea usually took part in their conversa
tion. Something in her was really Inter
ested In them in spite of her melancholy.
JBut that evening their talk seemed to
her like a distant, indifferent echo. She
did not even try to raakf a pretense of
Joining in their talk. She replied to
Alexandrine, who remarked her abstrac
tion:
"Yes, dearest, I am rather anxious."
The end of the meal set her at liberty.
Pupils and mistresses dispersed and went
into the courtyard. Lea joined a group
which included lime. Sanz. Pirnitz. Fred
erique. Germaine and Daisy, gathered
around a bench under the acacias. The
evening was very sultry. The tall sur
rounding buildings, the school as well aa
the workshops, scorched all day long by
the blazing sun. seemed to radiate a sort
of ardent reverberation in the evening.
Even the children's habitual inclination
for movement seemed to be a little sub
dued by the heavy atmosphere. They
walked about in parties, or, sitting ia cir
cles, talked in semi-whispers.
As Lea took a place r.tar Pirr.itz, Mile.
Heurteau was saying:
"According to the information T hays
been able to gather, an organized cam
paign against us is beginning. The So
maine de tit. Charles ia on too good terms
with the municipality to have declared
war without a. previous understanding."
"But we have, no quarrel with the mu
nicipality," objected Frederique.
"No, out we refui;e to be dependent
upon it, and that is what irritates tho
authorities. We have refused the subven
tion they offered us for prizes. You re
member we refused It somewhat against
my advice."
"We could not accept it." saM Plrnltz,
"as we do not give any prizes."
"We ought to have accepted It all th«
same. Conditions are different in Paris
from what they are in London. We c:m
only exist by the tolerance of the admin
istiative authorities, and they will not
tolerate us unless we at least pretend to
take them seriously ami to have need of
them."
As she uttered the word?, a fleeting,
tawny Hash gleamed in the warm haze.
"Lightning:" said Germaine Soubize. in
a startled voice.
"Yes." said Mme. Sanz, "a storm I»
threatening. The day has been so sultry.
It has been difficult to breathe."
The air became charged with electric
ity. There were no clouds in the sky, and
yet it was now difficult to discern tho
stars.
The flash of lightning had agitated the
pupils. They all ro?e, then came together
again, forming bigger and more silent
groups. Germaine took Lea's hand, and
Lea felt the girl's nervous lingers griu
inic into her flesh.
"I do not like storms," whispered Ger
maine.
"Oh! It Is far from here." snld Lea-
It will probably not break over us."
"Do you think so?" asked Germaine,
anxiously.
Mile. Ileurteau continued to expose her
Ideas regarding the events of the day.
"Our neighbor, the most influential man
In the Council, is against us." she said.
"What! lmramberty?" cried t>aiay.
"Why, he founded a. scnolarship here! ll»
has never shown ua any hostility.'"
"Duramberty is our enemy; Krederlqu©
knows it well. Everybody knows it."
Frederique did not reply and fi_>lt happy
that the dusk hid her sudden blush. \V aj
it possible every one kntw the painful se
cret of the past, the infamous proposition
made to her by the manufacturer, the re
fusal she had given him? Had they di
vined it. or had the manufacturer carried
his Impertinence so far as to relate tho
incident himself?
"They are a lot of wretches:" cried
Germame Soublze. "And to think that
such a council pretends to be socialistic.
that not one of the members will take our
part' If we were not poor, feeble worm-n
they would not dare attack us: But we
wilt defend ourselves, even if we ara
women! The inspector was wise not to
conn- into my Class! With the help of
two or three of my big pupils I would
have thrown him through the window."'
They all laughed, and Daisy Craggs
cried: "Come, cyme, Germaint. Don't ba
angry!"
"Angry!" replied Oermaine. "Were you
angry at my a«e when you were on puard
with a ritle in '-our h.nrd at tho window
of your father's 'arm in Galway, where
Fenians were hidden?"
"All that is so long ago." said Daisy,
with a sigh. "Besides, we are not In Ire
land."
"I think the situation i 3 exactly the
same!" said Germaine, more excitedly.
"Our enemies want to drive us out of our
house, exactly as the English landlords
evict their Irish tenants. 1 don't know
what you're going to do, but no one shall
lay a finger on me with impunity!"
In the silence that followed her last
words the sky quivered ¦with a fresli flash
of lightning. All conversation cea»e<l.
Every one listened. A slight rumbling like
the funereal beat of a muffled (irum was
heard dying away in the west. Then sud
denly a gust of wind from some unknown
point swayed tho slender acacias and
swent a cloud of dust across the court
yard.
"Oh! let us go in," said Germaine, in a
charged TOlCe.
The bell rang the end of evening recrea
tion and the hour for retiring, fastinct
ively silent at the approach of the sfTm.
the pupils hurried toward the school
buildings. The mistresses. Krouped before
the door, waited until they had passed.
Oermaine pressed close to Lea and laid
her forehead upon her companion's shoul
der to avoid pef lng the lightning. Lea
looked up at the sky. whore now could h*
seen but a single star. The approaching
storm bad tensed her nerve* also. riut
this strife of atmospheric forces agitated
her without alarming her. She was living
In that state of Intimate distress in which
the conflict of the elements teems a har
monious benefit. Like the dethroned, de
spairing King Lear, she could have cried
to the tempest: '"Blow, winds, and cr«ic!c
your cheeks!" •
The pupils were all Indoors. A confused
trampling like that of a little flock of
sheep died away in the spiral of th» stair
case. A few big drops of rain fell on tho
mistresses as they were entering in turn.
Alexandrine, the little minitress. was giv
ing out the evening mail in the vestibule.
Lea recosnlzed t-dith Crates' writing
upon a letter she handed to Daisy. Pir
nitz, taking an envelone from Alexan
drine's hand, murmured In a whisper to
Frederique: "It's from Duyvecke!"
She slipped the letter In her pocket.
Daisy, on the contrary, went upstairs
reading hers. On the first floor they all
separated.
"Edith sends you her best wtsftes." raid
Daisy to Frederlque and Lea, r.ho wero
going to their room together, "dhe ha*
decided to leave Clarisa & Sor.3 and to
become a nurse."
Her sentence was lnterrur>*eil by the
sound of doora slamrr.lnjr. nil the doors
that had been opened and thru the wind
shut furiously. The smell of warm rain
filled the corritlcr.
"Oh, come with mo. Daisy." muttered
Germalr.e, "I dare not leave you."
"Good night!" cried Daisy to the two
sisters, walking away with Gerrruiine.
The rain beat upon the windows while
I^en and Frederique were undressing and
making their evening toilet. The storm
appeared to have resolved Itself into this
tropical deluge The rumbling was less
frequent and faint. The rumbMn? thun
der that followed the flasi.o-i at lornr inter
val* was hardy audible. The two sisters
exchanged but a few words, then were
Filer.!, and finally lay down without any
further conversation. When the light
had beon put out Freflerlqup'j h;in<!
sought tha.. of Lea upon the neisbbortnjc
couc".». and the little hand «<he took In
hers, at first inert and indifferent: little
by little returned her tender pressure.
The evening when, orphnns and exiles,
they had landed at Fresh Whnrf. in Lon
don, they had sOent thus in bed-? placed
close together, their hands had clasped.
before falling into their first sleep on
forelen soil, they had embraced in loving
affection.
LEA
6THE SUNDAY CALL.
CHILDREN OF THE MAY
7
/Bo you must wake and call ma tarty, call mi
early, mother, dear,
, To-morrow' II be the happiest time of all th<
glad new year; '
( To-morrow" 11 be of all the year th* maddest,
'. merriest day.
For I'm to be queen o' the May, mother, I' a
to be queen o" the May.
e=ii=3HE foregoing lines of Tennyson*
beautiful poem are brought to mind
II at this season of the A-ear. Tues
w day '•will be the happiest time of all
the glad new year" to the school children
ot this city. The Ist of May, so filled with
childhood memories, Is but forty-eight
hours distant. The Maypole, with its
dancing, happy children and the sound of
their sweet young voices, will be seen and
heard on the one day that is set apart for
the little ones to make merry.
This year the children will sing more
blithely and dance more exuberantly, as
they are to appear in a worthy cause. The
San Francisco public school teachers' an
nuity fund is to be benefited by their
grand performance.
Promptly at 1 o'clock on the afternoon
of May 1 .pretty little Jessie Eva Swift
will be crowned "Queen of the May." This
regal ceremony will be held in the bis
pavilion. Then will follow the picturesque
Maypole dance and in their order the fol
lowing dances: Gavotte, Uncle Sam, Lov
ers' Quarrel. Sailor's Hornpipe, waltz
clog, Spanish Castagnette, La Paloma.
Caprice, Minuet de la Coeur, cakewalk and
an endless .variety of fancy dances, all
under the direction of Professor William
J. O'Brien.THE SUNDAY CALL.
8
CANDIDATES OF THE RIBBONS
IN THE
SAN FRANCISCO
KENNELS CLUB'S
BENCH SHOWjfands drained for the and the plow
Si Brave Hearts That Proved
Fearless in the j?aGe of hardships and Peaih
tnin&s ssfie experienced wore enough to
mtirie one Insane. Kverybody likes Mrs.
Garner. The cowboys say she •is the
Ucrvlest and (incut v/urnan in iho whole
_ .nitcry. \. ..erever she goes she is
called upon to tell a chapter in her expe
riences as a pioneer in tho West.
llr-r patents bWMisht her from Clr>ve:
land, Ohio. wVtrn p'^e v.-ms a girl of 13 at
th^'ime ci the Pikes Peak gold excite-
ing. panting horses. None of these men
spoke. Two cf the men threw themselves
from their steeds, snatched their pistols
from their belts, and dashed past th«
frightened parents and girl into the tent.
Amid curses, a dozen shots in quick suc
cession rang out. Then the two horseman
came out of tho tent and sticking their
weapons buck in their belts, wiped the
perspiration from their faces. It seemed
errand among the friendly Navajos and
he never came back. Searches were made
over the mountains ar.d 'through the can
yons, but no trace of him was ever found,
ror two yenrs more the young widow
cooked in a mining camp at Espanola, X.
M. She was one- of four women among
4fiO men. There were shootings there
every week. Once she was pouring coffee
for a boarder when the boarder's enemy
What Some of Arizona's Courageous Women Have Done
THE SUNDAY CALL.
little girl in the party that set out for
Utah. On the way down the western slope
of the Rockies the miners visited new
placer diggings, and they found rich dirt
to wash. Men ar.d women worked togeth
er with pans, getting out $4 and V> each in
gold every day. But the Navajcs came
around and warned the campers that if
they remained all winter they would be
buried alive in the snow. The- men were
making too much money and did not heel
the warning. The first intimation of trou
ble vas in the failure of the last pack
train to arrive in November, and they be
gan to so on short rations. Three of the
miners became: nlarmed and returned to
Denver, leaving; Mr. and Mrs. Sneilmg ar.d
tlu-ir Kltl and eipht men in camp. The In
dip.ns were correct, for the show fell as
it had never btfore fallen In that reginn.
A German mail carrier. Pete, had lost his
way, wandering aroun:! in the drifts until
he "had frozen his feet terribly. He had
traveled around the cabin, within a half
mile of it, and'wi* found unconscious by
one of the men. The fellow's feet and legs
w«T e frozen, so twu of the miners ampu-
Them 'Pacbes are th»- worst tribe alive.
Thim mh .< s are awful rich, but it's sign-
In" one'fi death warrant to go mmm' down
there."
The prospect *>Z life in Apachelar.d did
Dot eeem alluring, however rich the ji;ii:
*ral i-;iic:c.t!.s assayed. For weeks l'eter
Halpin and hi.- wife talked of little else
t!.;ui the Wonderful goM and silver ledges
In the Superstition Mountain. Months
n-en passed, and Peter dreamed about the
(T/'TOinus riches that might be his if be
could but go and work the. mines in Ari
zona. Ore day he said that he had about
decided to go and prospect and locate tno
mines frera which the specimens iiad
come, and then he dwelt upon the rich
prize that would b«? h\* if no were suc
cessfiil. Mrs. Halpin agreed to tho propo
sition, but she said: "My Interest-! :ne
your Interests, I'oter, and where yoj so
111 go t<x>. If you r!sk your life arr.ong
the Apaches for me I'll go and risk mine.
\Wlj ,vt rtr.fi together, Peter."
So it came about that Peter Halpin, Mia
wife ar.d thfir uv<i boyo of 12 and II years,
rtotred away in a "prairie " with
nil Jheir belongings, tiiuvo slowly tver tho
llocky Mountains, down ir.U> new Meiico,
past J-*e, across the Navajo ro;ctva
lion ii.!'> Arizona: through the pine t->r
ests, across the i Jill William* and verdo
mountains, Ihrough vast areas of alkali
orasto to the desolate Superstition fcloun
taisi.s <.f Ontriil Arizona. The Apaqhcj
and PfmftS were quiet that year, arm the
Vr,:!"J Btates troops in tne Territory
thought they at last had the tribes UMfier
control. The Halpins laughed at ih<?ir
J';rrmr foreboning.-? of trouble by the
Indians, and felicjtatwl themselveti upon
thr-ir decSzion to como to Arizona. 7!:cy
built v rough pine cabin on the southern
slope of Buperstitica Mountain, and tii^n
Peter eet out to prospect fur the gold nnd
silver mines from irtuch bis Denver friend
liad Bald the wonderful specimens iiad
ci me. Other people, beliuviug the Indiana
had been cowed int;> peaccfulness, m;»ved
out Into the Superstition Mr-untnins -md
took ii;» land ciairc:. utid water ligiu*.
Povr motiths later throe more fam ie<
moved down from Colorado to try their
luck in the rninarralizfed mountains.
Dut the A*>achfcs were far from -•üb
duod. The ne^t April the San Cark».« tribe
t .;' ;: era won', upon ihe warpath again. It
would talcs n l&ncc volume, to lell In it—
tall ihe frightful atrcdtles and iu:n.lish
crucli:-. perpetrated by the Indians dur
la« lliat Fj.iir.g :ir.d summer. Sev'tn
v.-omer. .-..rirt the. liuic- children at hon.-e.
vith them crcre backed and ria*h^d to
nieces by paintetl Apaches in one morn
Inpr. cabins were Ijurr.cd over the dead
bodies «f th«> white settlers, enws v.cro
dri\en away and bones stolen. The pierc
ing yells of Indians returning from flesh
murder and rapine startled tho Ha!&in
family in their cabin on numerous nights,
aru each time there were reasons to be
lieve their ov.-n domicile would cc rur
r«-«un<3ed by the xavasn before next dawn.
Peter Ilalpin hid beneath an ovcrlappii-i?
ledge of r.ick oobtsooimer day vrbea tVu;
aavag«S caxn«u»rhoopu3jt and screaming vt
his own r laughter. arid lie thereby escaped.
When nipht came he crept and crawled
homeward three, miles over bowlder* anl
through timber, expecting to rind tlxs
cabin in BSbea r.nd tii<» bodies o* his wife
and boy* weltering in their blood. When
nt '.net he turn-d the trail and saw the
p.iadowy outMn«s of his cabin in the dart:
nevs b© boldly burst into a run to the
cabin. When he raw his wire and boys
nlive nnd v.tll lie Bank in helpless joy on
tho floor of the rude home.
Mr*. EfalplnJ too. bad had her share of
tie fri£bt ol that tar.ie <2a.y; but. resoli ;J
WfcVw Halpin- in the world was in
her home and the mountains round about
her. Her boys had grown to be stalwart,
brave ycuths. and they decided to stay
thefe another year, anyhoij'. There was
rot a settler left within .«even miles, and
the life was as lonely almost as one may
imjifune. It took a stout heart nnd a large
amount of will power, but Mrs. Halpin
and her sons were equal to it. Many a
time they paw the prints of moccasins in
the dustalong the trail that led to their
h.ime. Several times the news came of
the slaughter of other settlers farther to
the east. Once, on her way home with
her elder boy from what is now the cop
per mining rnrnp of Globe. Mrs. Halp.n
turned h*r horses off the trail to visit a
former frienl from Colorado, only to find
that the friend's cabin rmd been burned to
the ground a week before and her friend
had been killed by the Apaches. For four
years there came U> the Halpin home in
the mountains almost every month the
r.tvvP of t:<.rr.e fresh atrocity by Indians.
Twite the mother Jind her sons barri
caded themselv< s in their hou?e, and with
a supply of Partridges and several line
rittep made such a demonstration of armed
[strength ih&t the Apaches retreated
amid a little pelting of leaden bullets. "I
learned from thr old trapper. Beavls,- she
F.-tid on<e to Editor Morton of Mesa, "that
the Anaches are as cowardly as they are
frisi.tful when they have a paleface at
POETS ar.d story writers have made
i'. f ro!'.- types of tne women who go
into army hospitals and ambns the
dead :u:d scozmded on li'.'.ds of bat
tl-?." tai.l reflectively me *-eteran
editor of the Mesa <Ari3.» Free
Pre^s, \\llUaa> D. Morton, the other <i:iy,
"bet there is. a Uttlc army of women in
Arizona Territr.ry who are J list a - !): " : ' vo
and caiirg ki any that ever lived. And.
nxdre'a iV.e pltyj they r.ro fi-arcc'.y known
outside cf the little rillera ::r.U the lonely
nirjr.tr.ir.s v»!;- re- they live*. Th<»SP Ari
*c»i;a v.-orr.cn have lived nor a fe\v riays
or months bnt many years of homely
heroism. They hare risked the'.r lives
for t •-.- .r tanilliCS" ¦-¦ '¦'¦ ¦ '¦¦'¦ v <* :!'"<-d a:nid
ell tho horrors nt • - .at;e trarfare; and
have cntSured more <ii the hardships of lite
tha:i less ihftn li:i!r ••'•• B>€3 fxp^ience.
an.: ;-.-;\e :->en mere Bansralcary brutality
tn::n or.« man to ttrenty thousand pees in
a lifetime. ! Smbw if no ti.iss ot women
ttxt'? tojjcliinsly rouraseoisp; mere falth
fuliy nerry. than s«ai« of the troniea; now
gray-iiuireu and wririile;!. who ir.mc to
• • I :.: - .r; in their *craag womanhood
Rjid have leJ i»lonc*r iives there on lhe
Ijordcr ot the .'•¦¦ iche apd t'::aa j:id Ma:i
li^th Indian Sands.*'
The < c:i\" r. i: .i ri !a>' lurrod vmii •!-.>
:<_.-:.: cieatii ut Mrs. Crldfet lLilpln, at
to pel! her own and her boys' liver* as
dearly a? possible, sh.? h;td barred tie do^r
at the fust appearance of a band of
Apaches creeping stcaltliilv up the grade
t<"iwurd the house, and had :•;<*., ritie in
hntid, al! day peering i:: every direction
through chinks in the pine wails of the
rude cabin. The Ir.6ir.ns nad no idea how
many gxins were within aimed at them,
ami aft^r a while they stole away frjm
tiie scene. Next day pursuing cavairy
raen brought the news ol the ma?: aciv of
a family of Qve children and a mother
br.t a mile and a half away t^ the vvvs:
by n bond <:* Apaches. Every few weeks
thereafter durtns the summer the Mal
t'ins hod rf-.is. n t<_< sit for a Jjy at .1
time. £¦•'.» in hand and watching as f;ir
v\' and down the mountain sld« na the
peep-holes in tho cabin woyld uormlt f''r
Rlgnß of Indian approach. JLU'V a nlffht
the bOS^and niid wifo took iu.ns iit fnaiid-
Irq g;uar<i in" their lonely Cftilln while ;l:e
Other nnd thp boys ?lcp',.
Tv.n years later l'<:tcr Ilalpin tras
returning to his cabin from a proa
recting trip over Uic other side ot the
mountains wllh two other men. nnd the
party jvaa cnuslit In a narrow dclilo by a
par.p < f Indians sej rcted among the r.u r ks.
AH thp white nun were Btuclc. like <iv Ka
or. a porcupine, witli poisoned arrows.
their bodies were horribly mutilated and
lh<-Ir scrips HftejL It wn? a wefk before
t he. rf mains were found, anil by that time
the ravages were so far away that they
v.crt never a^frehenvied. All that the
died, and the old man who was sick with
scurvy, and one or two others who wera
too sick to travel, were Mt U «Ho in th«
cabin. Mrs. Snelling made NorYraetan
snowshot-s for herself and bor girl. Tho
men had snow shoes alt;o. The party
started on January 2, HXi, for Santa Fe,
leaving all the food, nrluding a little Cc%.
with the miserable wretches in the hut.
The snow was twenty feet ilcrp awl mor-3
failing. The lirst night was s^er-t in I'te
Gulch trying to keep 'toni frTCXlOff Tho
next tl.ty a fresh start was in.idc? without
fdod. Mrs. BtttlUatfa luggage consisted of
two blankets, a change of CiothlsS f°**
her«e'f nnd a shotgun. Tlvr? was enough,
l'onr in tlie p:irty to kot»> l!i<m tr->?n iiar
vation. After untold raffertnjCS tiie men
reachvil a c;:bln at the bottom of tho
range. Here thf-y made :i riiv In ore cor
ner and tfaccd Mrs. Snelllu; -»nil her lirtlo
girl as comfortably as possible. Tho
women could proceed no farther. In flva
days the re.-e;;er.; return.-.] la find both
the mother asvt daughter bare'y alive.
The pnrty reached Santa Fe m Washing
ton's birthday, more dead than alive. Th«
their mercy, and I never let them believe
for a moment t,hat I was unarmed or
afraid of them. I just meant to stay by
that cabin and our claims until death,
and as time went by 1 got mudder and
madder at the thought that Apaches could
ever make, the boy 3 and me quit the ccun
try for their dirty r«dskinned selves. I'm
Wetter than a doacn Indians in any sort of
a light."
'mere is scarcely a woman alive who
has been an unwilling witness of so much
brutality and a helples3 participant in
such frightful adventures as Mrs. Krama
earner, who owns one-half the Garnnr
¦\Vtstfall.cattle range and herd. in Nava.io
County, south of the Atchison, ToyeKa
and Santa Fe Railroad. She is now
about 55. and from her girlhood until a
dozen years ago the vicissitudes of fcr
tur.e, the excitements and the dreadful
ment. The family traveled in a prairie
schooner, behind a team of mules. Hard
ened characters Hocked to the diggings
from all along the border. One January
night tne party of forty gold seekers (in
which the party from Cleveland
traveled in -/agon train) .camped
near where the 'town of La Junta, Colo.,
has since grown: — ~i, • ..=• ¦
Arrived at the llttlo camp of Denver
Mrs. Garner was witness of several tragic
deaths One evening a powerful man,
pale and excited, burst into the* family
tent, find without a word tried to squeeze
himself under the daughter's bunk, as if
to conceal himself. lie was breathless and
far too wild with fear to speak; while he
pulled and struggled in his efforts to hide
himself in the narrow space beneath the
pine bunk. At that moment a party of
ir.cn came riding up to the tent on foam-
that the man who had sought to hide un
der the bunk was a desperate character.
He had murdered and outlawed for years
on the plains, and when at last he was
found unarmed he was closely tracked to
the tent.where*he,had hoped to escape by
concealment.* ' f. \ : J. •.. -.- "
Mrs. Garner, married- when she was. 17
and'moved.to Santa Fe,' New- Mexico.
There she saw a street duel before >her
eyes one day wnile sne was taking, her
baby out for- an airing. Two drunken
Mexicans stabbed at each other until both
fell dying and bleeding horribly, in the
roadway." within 2C<> feet of the young
mother and her child. 1 On another occa
sion the clothes line In her adobe door
yard was cut away and used for lynch
ing a bandit from a cottonwood tree in
front of her house. Four years after her
marriage her husband went on a mining
popped his head in at the door and shot
the boarder dead before he could pick up
his tlncup of coffee. Afterward the
shooter felt so chagrined that he should
have killed hia man while endangering the
life of the widow that he gave her $290 or
5300 in bullion and offered his heart and
hand. At another time two of .the widow's
boarders got into a row- about a domino
game and while the little woman has
tened in to smooth the troubled waters
each man drew and fired at the other. One
man fell with a hole in his chest, tut he
recovered. ,
At the age of 23 Mrs. Garner (then Mrs.
Bourne) married a Mr. Snelling. The
couple started to move to Salt Lake in
October, ISG7. hoping to get through be
fore the sr.ow became too deep in the
Rocky Mountains. There were fourteen
men and two women and Mrs. Snelling's
tated them with a common hand saw and
a butcher knife. The victim' lingered on
for a few days and died.
Another miner, in going down lhe ?ange.
fell uoon the pole used to ijuldo himself
with and ran it almcat through him. so
another death was added to ttxa camp.
Mr. Snelling b.*o so ht* it:? nnd frow \o
death before he could hobble buck through
the snow to the cabin. Their, old miner
friend was laM 1 >»v wi'.U ccunr in Its
worst form, and cv?ry on* thTe was ill
to some degree. Vr.»vi:-i>>:is ran so lo*v
that starvation utart*] theta In ih<> face,
and she made up her mUvi » h it pctbnlns
on the divide %vas octt-^r than s?n« -vina To
death in a cabin covers! frt'-i lw«v« t*ct
of snow. Mrs. Snellins- therefr>:«\ :;n
nounoed that she would lako her girl and
start for Denver. The nVa-.err; said they
would so also, and Pete, wiio had not* yet
men In the cabin perished rr.i3erab!y.
In IS7O Mrs. Sr.elling became Mrs Gar
ner, and the couple came to live In Ari
zona. For months Mrs. Gamer v.-a 3 '.ho
only white woman in what Is W Cochiso
County. A nenhew who came trom Ohio
to live with the Garners tn- the tucatliy of
what Is no?/ Benson was killed and
scalped by the Apaches while he was out
with the Garner cattle one day. and iirs.
Garner boasts that she herself killed two
Apaches and wounded another to pay for
that murder.
The Garners had all the uns and downs
of life on the frontier, in I^4 Mr. Garner
died. Mrs. Garrer has since been a work
ing partner with her husband's partner.
E. P. Wextfall. She knows the cattle
busfrjpsa M well as any man In the Terri
tories', and she Is quoted at $40,000 by onv>
merciul agencies.
9
h*r son's rancn; r.^nr }*re?cntt. Ar;z.. after
pixty yours of strange vici.-titu.les on the
Western bonier, and after La\in? lived
Pipht yea.!.-- in almo«l daily danger of
fiendish o~,urder tiv the -Apache.. Indians.
'•The Fiory of the life "f Mrs. Hulp'.n in
frier csl.tr.. '' pai4 the veteran editor, "where
the Apaches murdered. burneO,. pillaged
v.iih liivie cr no hindrance for year.-, be
fore ih» y were finally corral ed at Pan
<"r.rlos reservation, 's almost as thrilling
as anything In lletton; There are .Jo/.i«m
of somewhat .-i:rnlar lives lived in Arizona
by pioneer women."
Peter Hatpin and hfs wife were young
Irish people who lived in Catondb mining
<...;>.< tor fourteen yearn. They were
: • rong, Ftout-heart* d and able-bodied. Kith
plenty of grit HJid determination to win
success in mir.ii.g if epurxgie and hard
work wf-rc factors. A minim? "rospector,
who had been away to the south for sev
eral years, epread tK'fore Peter and Brid
get Halpin** astonished eyes one day in
Denver a half bushel of specimens of the
r.-opt wonderfully rich goi'J and silver ores
th< y had ever seen. Two of the specimens
£^s;iy«<] at over 115.000 a ton.
"Ah, me boy. it'll do no one no good to
nine where thorn chunks coi::c from.''
!>i j .!d the prospector.
•Why not?*' asked Halpin.
"Because them chunks af out of a
ledge what's down in the Superstition
Mountains in Arizonny. where the 'I'aches
and Pimas are tliick'n blackbirds, and
v. here no white man can Bye a monthcate operation. They toucn the end ot
the finger to the points of the abdomens
of the prisoners, and withdrawing it gent
ly pull out the filaments and carry the
twelve or twenty-four to a "crochet,"
where they are united and through which
they are drawn and at the same time
twisted into one and . wound on a spool.
The apparatus, which at once makes the
drawing, twisting and winding of the
thrf ad, is of very ingenious devising and
gives excellent results.
The spiders submit to tho winding-out
process without resistance, in fact seem
rather to enjoy it. As they are emptied
they are replaced by others. After thi?
operation the "convalescents" are placed
in a "park" constructed for thitf purpose
with bamboo poles planted in the ground
and joined by a kind of trellis-work,
where after some days of reposo, those
who do not fall prey to their stronger
neighbors are ready to undergo another
operation. Tho. thread thus obtained is
very clean and pure and can be woven
without the least difficulty. .
As stated before a single Halabe spider
properly handled and under favorable
WHY SHOULD NOT CALIFORNIA RAISE THE SILK-PRODUCING SPIDER?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Tn the first place the spielers are brought
In by Malagach women, from the gardens
and the country around in light baskets
just when they are ripe for the winding
process, which should be at once proceed
ed with, as they should be kept together
and shut up as short a time as possible
on account of thpir bad habit of devour
ing each other. By delay there is risk of
finding only a. last survivor of a promis
ing lot of full and ripe female Halabes.
As it is desirable to unite several fila
ments and twist them on themselves into
a.single thread of a given size the spiders
are arranged for the winding out in
groups, generally twelve or twenty-four.
It is very important not to wound or mu-
tilate them during the operation, as when
carefully handled each one can support In
the course of a single month four or live
winding out operations. representing
about <r)00 yards of filament, before dying.
The little animals are placed in a frame
holding a number of little adjustable clips
or stacks, which press down between the
abdomen and corselet, holding them firmly
but not too tightly. The abdomen . pro
trudes on the side, on which the drawing
and twisting apparatus is placed.
The young Malagach »,'lrls have hands
very light and well suited for this deli-
AMONG the thousand ar.d one novel
nnd interesting things which will
attract the attention of visitors to
the Paris Exhibition will be the
working and products of a nrv»- industry,
¦which may ultimately find large lodg
ment, if nut Its chief center, in Southern
California. As the Per?'.3:i monks, return-
Ing from Cathay fourteen hundred years
npn brought 1-ack in their hollow bamboo
canos the rilkworm eggs from which was
started the industry that buiit up and en
riched many sections of Turkey, Greece,
Italy ar.d France, so may so^ne Califor
nia^ visiting Paris and the exposition for
pleasure and such profit as may be Inci
dentally had bring back with him a stock
of Ualabc oggs and lay the foundation of
an industry for which a large part of. Cal
ifornia :s most admirably adapted and
•which may r.ri:'? to );<r far more wealth
than her rich mines, her immense wheat
fields or her vast orchard?.
The Halabe silk may mean much to Cal
ifornia. The ucly spiiier known in its na
tive clime by that name may in the
course of j:o great number of years make
California the mistress of one of the great
nnd most, remunerative Industries of tho
vorid. A French economic writer Bays
that Tananarivo threatens to dethrone
J-yons as the mistress of the- silk trade of
the world. Some California city, San
Francisco, L,cs Angeles or may be one
vet to ppring up, may outrival both of
ihpm. It may not be too much to say
that not many decades hence bales of
Ilalahe Filk may be going from our ports
¦with the Texas cotton to old China itself,
where for COOO years or more the cocoon
Bl'.k Industry has fiouriFhed.
The Halabe, as it Is called by the Mala
pachs. Is but little known outside of
Madagascar, except to those naturalists
•who have made a special study of the
FPrtcigcni (silk-producing) arachT.ids. To
them It is known as thee Nephila Slada
frascarensis. They flourish by th*> millions
In the Imerina. district of Madagascar.
In which tho capital, Tananarivo, Is sit
uated. But reproduction In captivity.
however. Is very difficult, because the fe-
Tnale, who produces the thread. Is of
Fuch f.erc« and cannibalistic disposition
that the mala can only approach her with
the greatest precautions, and after being
assured of her willingness and docility,
*vcn then half the time she kills and eats
him before the Interview Is ended. The
•weaker members of her own sex are also
her frequent prey.
Therefore the Halabcs are found In
frreat. numbers or.ly In those places where
they are assured of abundant nourifh
snent, without the necessity of devouring
each other. Euch as tho great groves of
mango trees Rnd the royal gardens In the
Environs of Tananarivo. Under these un
favorable conditions it is almost impossible
to hope for an unlimited artificial produc
tion, as In the case of the silk moth, and
it is necessary to confine the operations
to collecting the living spiders in those
favored localities where they swarm in
myriads In their natural and wild state,
and rmpty them of their much desired
product as near their habitat as possible,
so rs to make the most of what they can
give.
The si:k cf the Halabes Is of a marvelous
color. A thread of "gold could not be more
brilliant, nor of a purer yellow. It has a
tenuity, an elasticity and a tenacity much
superior to* the silk from the cocoon,
which permits its being worked into stuff
«'f wonderful firmness and exquisite plia
bility, st the same time of a solidity un-.
rivaled. The merit cf the discovery of
taking tho silk from the living spider be
longs to a French Catholic missionary in
Madagascar, Father Cambone. Following
the example of tho Malagachs, he at first
collected a large number of the webs that
covered the gardens of the mission where
he was stationed and carded and spun
them. The thread produced, however, was
by necessity of the case of mich irregu
larity that he determined to find some
other method of utilizing the immense
quantity of splendid material that was
everywhere going to waste as far as hu
man purposes were concerned. •»
He finally hit upon the idea of drawing
the thread directly from the spider, whom
he shut up and held securely in a small
match box provided with an aperture
through which the point of the abdomen
projected and from which he wound out
the thread. The method he employed is
the one used to-day, but the mechanical
arrangements for holding the insect and
ruling in and twisting the thread have
been much improved upon by M. Nogue,
the director of the technical school at
Tananarive In this institution establish
ed by General Galliani, In the palace of
the former Queen, there has been for
pome time In operation a model school
for teaching the young Malagach women
the process of taking the thread without
injury to the Bp'.f'-r and weaving it into
cloth.
A correspondent' of *Lo~ Monde Illustre
visited the school some time since, and
sent the following description, Illustrated
by photographs (which are here repro
duced) of the different phases of the cu
rious operation:
more than one-half la obtainable as reeled
•Ilk, the remainder, consisting of surface
floss or hard gummy husk or "knub."
The net reelable material from one co
coon runs from SCO to CO yards, and even
this Is of very variable thickness. whil»
en the other hand the Halabe silk is
drawn out into one long continuous fila
ment, as uniform in size and strength as
a drawing of steel wire. Tho material
being uniform and the operation of draw
ing it out beir-p: continuous tho filament
Is homogeneous throughout its length.
Hence the greatly superior appearance of
the material woven from the Halabo silk
over that woven from the eoroon product.
The tenacity and increasing strength of
the Halabe thread is likewise far superior
to that of the cocoon, so tho cloth woven
from the former not only presents a much
more uniform surface appearance, but
possesses far greater lasting powers than
the latter. The cost up to the point of
winding en the spool, where there Is a
supply of spiders at hand. Is much less
than that of the cocoon silk.
It would perhaps be as difficult to Ray
when spider thread cloth was first made
as to say when paper was first made.
The beginning of the use of papyrus, from
which the latter material takes its name,
can be well fixed in the chronology ot
Egypt, whence it was Introduced Into
Europe, but the Chinese como forward
with well substantiated claims of discov
ery antedating the other by centuries. So
too In the cas^ of spider-thread cloth. In
Europe Reaumur in 1710 first tried the ex
periment of drawing the thread from tho
living spider and weaving it into cloth. Ha
had. however, only the small and rather
unfruitful silk-producing spiders of South
ern Europe to experiment with, and when
he found from what he had obt lined that
!t would require some 700.000 of the llttla
animals to produce one pound of silk h»
dropped the economic side of his Investi
gations altogether and only finished his
work for the sake of the curiosity. H»
succeeded in getting thread enough, to
weave a piece of wonderful cloth, not
larger than a gentleman's handkerchief.
Other experiments with spider web cloth.
in Europe and elsewhere, have been suc
cessful In no greater measure. Not so la
Madagascar, howevejr.
Though until Father Cambone took th*
matter in hand only the already woven
webs were used, spider web cloth had
been produced by the natives since— how
long no one can say. Now, though but in
Its first birth, as it were, the industry
promises to the French eye to assume
proportions that will make the valleys of
Imerlna rival those of the Rhone for
wealth of product. The French colonial
section of the exposition standing on tho
Trocadero contains something of what can.
be shown in the way of Halabe thread and
cloth, as well as the whole process of col
lecting and bringing in the spiders, tha
winding out, spinning and all, besides
numerous forms of finished work, such a3
curtains, bed hangings, wraps, laces,
handkerchief?, etc. and this Is only the
result of a short season of experimenting.
as it were, on the part of the authorities
to show what may be done. It falls for
the first time under the groat commercial
eye of the world. Capital will see its pos
sibilities, and In her hands a wonderful
industry will <:cmand a large place in tha
next exposition, a decade hence.
While the Halabe has been noticed la
various parts of the Island of Madagascar,
which stretches from 12 degrees to 28 de
grees south of the equator, with a breadth
of some 300 miles, it has been found
In greater numbers in the upland
district of Imerina. near the central part,
than anywhere else. There they swarm
In millions, and in the capital city. Tan
anarive the exploitation of the industry
has been had.
This region is between 3000 and 5000 feet
above the level of the sea, with a tem
perature ranging from 70 to S6 degrees.
The range of habitat of the Halabe.
covers nearly 2000 feet of altitude. Quita
large."
California has vast sections of country
as well adapted to the growth and hand
ling of the Halabe as Its own Island home.
"Why should she not have a part or win
the lead in the development of an Indus
try which promises such remumerativu
returns? Great numbers of the spider*
have been brought from Tananarivo to
Paris and specially arranged gardens
have been prepared for their keeping and
sustenance. Files and small insects are
their food, and It la safe to say that they
will not starve in Paris during the expo
sition. A few of them can readily be
brought over to California during the
summer, and as they are quit© prolific
these few will serve as a.start. like tho
ladybug Imported from Australia to kill
the moth pest of the orange tree, they
will take care of their own propagation;
and In the vast flower land of this State.
teeming with every form of insect life. It
is sure that one» established here the
Halabe will not starve.
10
conditions can undergo four or nve opera
tions of winding out in a. month's time,
yielding some 4500 yards of filament. This
is a far greater return than is hs.d from
the silk worm. Common cocoons inclos
ing chrysalises weigh each from sixteen
to fifty grains. One-seventh of this
weight is pure cocoon and ef that nottrip cot:la muster and k<->ep ready for tho
long Journey.
"The bark purchased by these contribu
tion." was a whaling vessel railed the
Catalpa. The plan was to make pretrnse
of starting- on a whaling cruise and under
this mask make bur way toward Western
Australia. IJnleEB wo had somj ostensible
excuse we knew well enough that British
suspicion would he quickly excited. For a
British gu:<r<l is eagle-eyed. When no
body was looking we would snatch the
six prisoners and make off,
"We set rail from New Brdford the last
of April. JS7r>. Captain Anthony was a
good man to hnvo charge of the danger
ous voyage, for he w; ls a cool-headed
captain. He and I were "both Americans,
and there was only one Irishman in the
crowd. He was a common sailor; the rest
of the crew were mostly negroes and Ma
lays.
"We cruised about, going to Fayal and
on to Australia frora there. We had
aboard 200 barrels of sperm oil when we
finally reached Bunbury, which is about
ninety miles from Fremantle, the prison
town. It is fair enough to call it that,
for the town Is nothing more than an
environment for the prison.
' > mind all the. time the con-
dltion of those pooF fellows living there.
It helped brace up our courage, and we
knew that without all the courage in the
world we could never push through our
undertaking. They had a dreary time of
It. I puess. They were allowed a good
deal of freedom within the town, as we
found out afterward; they were put to
work at different jobs in the town out
side the prison, but they felt pretty, sure
there was no way to escape."
In the life of John Boyle O'Reilly an
account of his punishment in Australia is
described. Here is a paragraph from the
book :
"The first official function was the read
ing of the rules (of Fremantle prison).
What struck O'Reilly most in that long
code was the startling peroration to the
enumeration of so many offenses— 'the
penalty of which is death!'" r ."
They must have been a glad group of
men who heard the whispered news that
a party of daring seamen had left home
and were risking the dangers not only
of sea but. far more, of British displeas
ure, to take them away from a place
where the death penalty threatened from
a stern wall.
Captain Smith— captain now, mate then
—does not dwell upon the dangers of the
action together. Breslin was to return to
the prisoners and make them ready. Cap
tain Anthony would go to Kockingham.
about twenty-two miles from the prison
town, and there wait to receive them and.
bring them out in the lfttle boat to me.
I was to have command of the Catalpa
for the time and hold her out a little -way
from shore, ready to'reteive the escaping
men.
"The preparations were careful and
complete even to the arranging of a cipher
cede for use in telegraphing. On Satur
day afternoon, the day before Easter of
-1576, we sailed beyond' Rottennost Light
house, and on Sunday morning, when we
were about thirty miles southwest of the
lighthouse, our captain left in his small
boat. He took a few- picket! men along
with him and left the bulk of the crew
behind under me.
"Then some very important things hap
pened on shore— as quietly, too, as though
they were every-day occurrences. In the
broad daylight of Easter Monday sorre
carriages drove the twenty-two miles
from Fremantle to Rockingham. They
contained the six prisoners and Breslin.
their rescuer.
"It is a wonder to me that they ever
succeeded in getting so far without being
overtaken. There was no attempt at con
cealment — the men simply entered the car
riages and drove away. Perhaps they
were at their various working places. One
was the parson's gardener and another
T^Vunployed breaking stone, if I' retnem-
Then they sighted the boat on the Geor
gette. It didn't take them long to decide
on action. It was a race between tha
Catalpa and the police boat to see which,
would get to the runaways tlrst.
"Close along to our lee quarter ths
Georgette kept. Again and again we
headed her off. At last we were close to
Captain Anthony' 3 party.
"I swung around so that the Catalp*
was between the two small boats. I
kept in that position so steadily that ths
police boat could not see the other. Then
all of a sudden I lowered the falls,
grapplrd the little boat fore and aft and
hoisted the whole thing on board. It was
not until I had got the men safely up that
the captain of the police ho, at knew wh.it
I was doing. Then he shouted. 'Well don«»
and a good Voyage to you.' I don't know
who he was. but I'll never forget thd
generosity of that.
"We thought then that all th* trouble
was over. But not quite. Next day
the lookout on the bow reported a sail
about three points on the weather bow.
Breslin thought it was a coaster, but
when I looked I was sure it was the
Georgette.
"I was right, mores the pity. She came
after us and at last fired a ball across th*
Catalpa's bow. She demanded that we
heave to. When Captain Anthony refused
the gunboat's captain said: 'I'll give you
ten mlnutei to surrender, or I'll sink you.*
"This was serious. They knew we had
prisoners aboard. I went below and talked
to the six prisoners and askrcl what they
wanted to do. 'If you who have saved us
choose to surrender we are willing." they
said, 'for we don't want to cost you your
lives; but if you choose to keep on we say
die rather than surrender.'
"'We above board said the same. The
crew was asked thrir wish. 'Sink or swim,
no surrender." they replied. I added: 'Let
him fire and we'll ell sink here together
before he'll got a man off this ship. We're
into this and we'll carry it through.'
"And r.-e did. We made our escape,
though the gunboat pursued for a little
way. In August. lS7t>. we landed in New
York with the rescued prisoners, and
there the little party broke up.
"Where are they all now? I don't know.
Scattered on the four winds, I suppose.
But this much I do know— they are all
what we k-ft them, free men In a frea
land."
WWN SAW*,
PTRST MATS
6p "CATALPA/'
?EUS THE
STORY
S^CUUSTVEUY
FOR THS
SUNDAY CAU
CONN of ths Hundred Battle 3
and Art, the son of Conn — they
were heroes of the long-ago Fenians.
The Fenians cf "75 were not known
by any such names, which, for their
very chime, ring down the years.
They fire plain O'Brien, for instance,
and John O'Malley, and they are re
membered only because of the men
they stand fcr.
But the Fenians cf "75 found bat
tles to be fought, and they fought
them, in the same spirit, perhaps, as
Ccnn and Art, his son. It was a val
iant spirit, an earnest one. at any rate.
Captr.in S. P. Smith, mate in '75 of
the Catalpa, has just come to San
Francisco. He has a story to tsll— the
story of the Fenians' Av.tralian res
cue and his part in it.
Do yon remember about the six po
litical prisoners who were confined in
Fremantle Prison? How thsy cam?
to be sent there is a long story cf ie-
THE ?AUE OP
# THE BOLD
TRTCKA
YANKEE CRAP?
PLAYED -THS
SRTTTSH
YEAR 1575
ber rightly. They had been good prison*
ers and they were allowed a good deal oJ
freedom.
"It was only a question of time befora
the alarm must he given at Fremantle.
Just as the boat containing the six pris
oners and their rescuers was starting
from the shore the mounted police rode up>
in a hurry and tried to, stop them. They
were too late. Anthony slipped his little
party out from under their flnger3 and
made for the CatalDa.
"Now in the meantime I had horn hav
ing a little affair all my own. The Brit
ish gunboat Georgette had been paying
me marked attention. I knew she waa
pretty curious about the Chtalpa. Finally
the captain shouted 'Bark ahoy.' I
wouldn't answer at first. 'Bark ahoy,' I
heard again. 1 replied 'Bark ahoy' my
self then, but when the Georgette de
manded that I heave to. I wouldn't do it.
'Where's your captain"' he askprl m»
then. He knew I wasn't the captain.
When I wouldn't answer him he didn't
like It and he kt-pt on cruising around
near us.
"It wasn't until tne rescue boat cam*
toward us that matters grew scrioua.
plot. He Is a big weather-beaten rover,
who is brave in cetion and modest in
speech. Perhaps th«t is why he is a cap
tain himself nowadays— a captain who is
about to take a great vessel to northern
waters where he has guided safely before.
"For the last twenty years I've been
cruising around Alaska and farther
north." he says. "I've never been to Eng
land since we took those Irish prisoners.
I don't know as I care to. I guess these
waters- north of here are about as near as
I want to get to the power of Great Brit
ain."
Then he turned back to the voyage once
more.
' ."When We got to Bunbury we found no
one there. You see Breslin had gone
ahead of us to Australia, along with Des
mond—old Thomas Desmond, you know,
used to be Sheriff of San Francisco. These
two had been nosing around under false
names. They pretended to be buying
land, I believe, and so had an excuse to
hang around Fremantle and communicate
wlthjthe prisoners. ; * i
"Although Breslin was not at Bunbury
to meet us, he kept watch of us, and the
day after arrival we received a telegram
from him. ."-Captain Anthony replied, with
the: result that Mr. Breslin came down to
ua and he and the captain laid the plan a?
bellicn that was strong with zeal, but
•weaker than the hand of Great Brit
ain. The hand reached forth and
cn:shtd.
la the little town of Fremantle,
Australia, a tovrn that is no more
than a dear patch in the woods anil
bush, steed a big white stone build
in jr. It \ras the prison where lonely
cr.d tri'i mea dwelt. It was thither
that Crptain Anthony of the Catalpa
was bound Then he set sail from
New Bedford in April, 1875.
IT had ••;.:-. a liny tine to make
ready for ;sie r^pc^'.o," nays Captain
Smisi:. "Ft - . •; ? year the rescuers had
been wr.rfcirs to collect money i for the
V r., ;-¦ .... , r , [?-. a long one and would
r*»quin» much outlay. The mfn who com
menced the i,brnf:iK were John Breslin
ar'i .T^!;n Devoy ai.d at first, when* they
talked about it, I sucks people thought
•Mr liMn'i take Jon??, though, for them
to lnt< i' -i the Fenians-— that is, to win
their confidence. They were interested
enough all the time, it was about ten
years einr<e ifcie revolution had made its
brief EtrUßEl* and died. It was about ten
years since the la:t had been 'seen of the
Iri?h prisoners on their way to a strange
land wlm rr there was never a friend to be
found. I Jut in those ton years the friends
left; behind had not forgotten. '
••IVhrn D.-voy an d Hr^lln laid their
plan they Lsuw wrll enough that they
would have to tell it to many people and
the question vras. Would the many keep
t secret? \Vc all acknowledge that a se
cret is enough for two. you know. When
you realize that this was a secret among
five thousand you may know that the
hearts of these five thousand were in the
cause.
"It took the contributions of all tho Se
members of the Clan-na-Gacl to raise the
neoeisary i2).0C3. It tool:, besides, all th»
r'r •
THE SUNDAY CALL/.
11
CAPTAIN ANTHONY'S
RESCUE OF THE FENIANSTHE SUNDAY CALL.
12taken charge of by the Basutoland Gov
ernment and removed to Mafeking, where
at present seventy wounded are getting
along well. *^^
ARSENAL EXPLOSION
CAUSED BY TRAITOR
PRETORIA, Friday. April 27.— Later re
ports from Johannesburg say the Govern
ment inspectors there are convinced that
dynamite was the cause of the recent ex
plosion and that the dynamiters' train
has been traced to a vacant house in the
vicinity of the first explosion. They have,
therefore, stopped all trains through
Delagoa Bay in order to prevent the es
cape of suspects. Among'the persons ar
rested is William Begble, son of the head
of the Begble Company, in whose case
bail has' been refused. The affair may a£
fect the question of the British remaining
In the State.
SLIGHT ENGAGEMENT
NEAR THABA NCHU
THABA NCHU, April 27.-General Run T
die's division has arrived here. The
march from Dewetsdorp was uneventful.
Generals French and Hamilton are also
here. The Boers are reported ten milt.*
to the eastward. The mounted force came
In contact with them and had a slight
skirmish. The result of the Junction of
Generals French and Rundle is the clear
ance of the country' of Boers at this point.
BASUTOLAND NATIVES
STOP BRITISH FORCE
PRETORIA. Friday. April 27.— The, re
porter of Rueter's Telegram Company,
with the Federals at Brandfort, is in
formed that the British at Jamersdrift
tried to get ammunition through Basuto
land, but that the Basutos stopped ¦ the
wagons and Informed General Dewet. A
strong contingent of Basutos Is now
guarding the line to prevent entrance to
or exit from Basutoland.
Making Way for the Wounded.
CAPE TOWN, April 25.-Orders - have
been received here- to clear; all the hos
pitals of convalescents, and they are he
lng removed to the hospital ship, with a
view of providing for future contingencies.
AT CLOSE QUARTERS— BRITISH LANCER PATROL AND BOER SCOUTS ENGAGED.
(From the Spear.)
LONE FOOTPAD IS RUN
TO EARTH BY POLICE
OFFICERS OF OAKLAND
Proves to Be a Polish Cook, Named Vetsera.
Driven to Crime by Lack of
Work and Hunger.
Attempted Five Hold-Ups Last Night in the Fashionable
Residence Section of the City Across the Bay and Was
Finally Captured Without a Struggle.
FLOOD WATERS SPREAD
OVER THE LOWLANDS
GALVESTON, Tex., April 28.— Reports
received to-night Indicate that another
disastrous overflow is spreading over the
lowlands adjoining the streams and rivers
of the State and that the loss to farmers
will be enormous. Crops will have to be
replanted in many instances. The rail
roads are feeling the effects of the. second
flood.
; A telegram was received at the head
quarters of the Santa Fe Railroad
from W. B. Scott, superintendent of the
Southern division, reporting, that the
Brazos River was rapidly rising on the
Montgomery branch and rising three
inches an hour at. Thompson, where the
Santa Fe crosses the Lower Brazos. Mr.
Scott expressed fears that there would-be
trouble on the Lower Brazos. . ¦ .
He reported Little River rising one foot
KINDNESS OF "BOBS"
TO WOUNDED SOLDIERS
LONDON. April 27.— According to the
stories reaching London Lord Roberts*
great kindliness and sympathy have been
finding many outl< ts. During the wait at
Dlocmfonlein he has visited every man In
the hospital, carrying with him many lit
tle comforts. Going up to one of the
wounded he af=kf>d. cheerily, "Can I do
anything for you?" receiving the reply,
••y<s; I'd likf you to keep my name out
of the casualty list." This man's name
did not appear and his anxiety that his
relatives should not be alarmed was ap
peased.
Another, a dying officer. Lord Roberts
comforted by promising to watch over
the future of his only child. With such
incidents current It is scarcely surprising
that the nation adores its little general,
and as a whole abstains from criticisms
Of anything he may do. If General Buller
had waited Inactive as long as Tx>rd Rob
erts has at Blocmfontein the storm of
CLAIMS TOWNSITE
AS MINING LAND
Utica Company Asserts Title to
Property in the Heart of
Angels Camp.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, April 28.— Owners of
the Utica mine of this place have created
much excitement among property owners
by asserting title to land that reaches
the heart of Angels and has many busi
ness houses and residences on it. The
Utica Company bases Its title on a deed
obtained from Otto F'etcher, a resident of
this place, who sold his claim for $15,000.
The property in dispute was in pioneer
days the Confidence mining claim, which
was staked off by Fletcher's ancestors.
Twenty years afterward. Justice Cooley
says, Judge Norman, then occupying the
Superior bench of the county, was asked
by residents to procure a Government title
to the town site. He received from the
Government, in trust for the locators, a
patent to the site as agricultural land, antt
subsequently deeded It to them. The locat
ors of the Confidence, making no protest,
were presumed to have lost all title.
The Utica people claim that the mineral
location is a preferred title and still hold?
good. A meeting of those owning lota In
the disputed parcel of land will be held
soon to prepare for making a legal battle.
Some fine points of law regarding the lo
cation of agricultural and mineral lands
will probably be decided through this coa
t troversy. ¦ • ¦• ; ¦
SURGEON AT A DUEL
SLAIN BY A BULLET
Principal in a Parisian Affair of
Honor Kills One of the *
Attendants. ?
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, April 28.— The World has
this from Paris: A duel yesterday be
tween M. -Lagache, the well-known Jour
nalist, and M. Vlngtrinler, a sculptor of
reputation, resulted fatally, but to neither
combatants. The rounders of the boule
vards who .would find something to Joke
at in the black plague are shaking with
laughter over the melodramatic encounter
and result.
Lagache had been harshly criticizing
Vingtrinler's statues, saying In effect that
the first-year students in the medical
schools knew more of surface anatomy
than did Vlngtrinler. The indignant
sculptor sent his "seconds; Lagache
promptly accepted the challenge, and
chose pistols as the weapons.
They met yesterday. Everything was
quite proper and solemn.
The principals, clad entirely in black,
even turned up their coat collars, so
neither exposed a "pot of white to his ad
versary's aim. The word was given. Both
raised their pistols, but only, tie Journal
ist fired, and he missed.
With a superb gesture Vingtrlnier
turned his pistol away from Lagache,
and, exclaiming. "My religion forbids me
to shoot my fellow man," pulled the
trigger.
The surgeon in attendance fell dead.
The sculptor had shot him through the
heart. -I ¦
Transports Rechartered.
WASHINGTON. April 28.— The quarter
master general has rachartered ¦ the trans
ports Athenian and Flintshire on the Pa
cific Coast, the first named for freight ser
vice on the Alaskan station and the last
named for freight service between -San
Francisco and Manila.
HALF-BREED DESPERADO
LYNCHED IN MISSOURI
Mindee Chowagee Taken From Jail
and Strung Up on a Tree in
• the Yard.
MARSHALL, Mo., April ¦ 28.— Mindee
Chowagee, the negro-Indian who escaped
from jail' here on Thursday ; night after
assaulting Sheriff Joseph Wilson and his
little son and shooting the Sheriff's wife
in the arm when she came to their assist
ance, was lynched at 11:30 to-night by a
mob of angry citizens. The lynchers
forced an' entrance to the Jail, meeting
with slight resistance at the hands of the
officers, and dragged the prisoner out into
the'Jall yard, where he was strung up to a
tree.
Chowagee was recaptured at 10 o'clock
last night ten miles southeast of Mar
shall. He rode up to a farmhouse on a
stolen horse and asked for something to
eat. .He was invited in, and while he sat
at the table the farmer .and one of his
men covered him with two shotguns, or
dering him to throw up 'his hands.' He
obeyed and was bound hand and foot and
brought back to Marshall.
Chowagee was under arrest on a charge
of burglary. John Smith, the negro pris
oner who Joined with Chowagee in the as
sault upon the Sheriff, is still at large.
FILIPINO CABINET'S
PRESIDENT TAKEN
Signor Patemo Found 111 in the
Mountains and Carried on a
Litter to Manila.
MANILA,' April 28.— Major General
Lloyd _ Wheaton reports that Senor Pa
terno, ; the former President of the Fili
pino so-called Cabinet, was captured in
the mountains near Trinidad, Province
of Benguet, April 25. !
Paterno recently, through relatives in
Manila, requested and received permis
sion to enter the American lines, but
failed to appear. His relatives explained
that he had. been sick a long time and
was an invalid. He was brought to San
Fernando on a litter ambulance by sol
diers of the Forty-eighth Regiment.
FREIGHT RATE ON
SUGAR IS LOWERED
Decision of Interstate Commerce
Commission in a Nebraska
Case.
Sr?cUl DisDatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Nebr.. April 28.— 1n the report
and opinion of the Interstate Commerce
Commission filed in the case of A. J. Guj>
tin against the Burlington, the Union Pa
cific, the Rio Grande and the Southern
Pacific railroads, the city of Kearney se
cures a reduction in the rate of shipping
sugar from California common points to
that station.
The report of the commission Is volum
inous, covering twenty-two quarto pages.
Briefly, it decides that as regards the
Burlington road Kearney is not an inter
mediate point between the coast an<l
Omaha and therefore the bill of the com
plainant, as it affects that road. Is dis
missed. It decides that in the case of the
T'nion Pacific Kearney la an Intermediate
point between the coast and Omaha. Th«
commission then considers the rate of 50
cents per ton on supar from the coast to
Omaha and goes into the matter of com
petition for business between those
points, showing that the rate is affected
by the rate between San Francisco and
New York by vessels around Cape Horn
and by the rate from New York and Mis
souri River points over the competing
line, all rail, rail and canal, rail and
water.' The conclusion ia that by reason
of this competition the Union Pacific is
entitled to haul sugar to Omaha and tr>
Kearney, where no such competition ex
ists, but that it is not entitled to chargo
4f> cents in addition. Therefore the rate la
reduced to a more reasonable figure,
which the commission fixes at not to ex
ceei\l3 cents, makinsr the maximum rate
charged to Kearney 65 cents against 50
cents to Omaha.
ALBERT VANDERBILT
IS ENGAGED TO WED
Hi 3 Bride-to-Be Is Miss Elsie French,
a Wealthy Heiress of New
York City.
NEW YORK. April 2S.— The engagement
of Albert G. Vanderbilt. second son of the
late Cornelius Vanderbllt. and Miss Elsio
French, the daughter of Mrs. Francis Or
mond French, was announced to-day.
Miss Elsie French and her mother anl
Mr. Vanderbilt are In London. It was
learned at Newport that Mr. Vanderbilt
and Mis?s French would be married thero
in September at Trinity Church.
Francis O. French, the father, left a
fortune of $15,000,000. Alfred Vanderbilt
inherited the greater part of his father's
fortune. He is 22 years old and a grad
uate of Tale.
FLEEING TO ESCAPE
THE RISING WATERS
Every Vehicle in Waco Utilized
to Carry Residents to Places
of Safety.
WACO, Texas/ April, 23.— The flood
situation remains* practically
unchanged from last nigttt.. Con
ditions could hardly be worse.
Every available wagon, dray
and float was brought into. use,
and the entire night was spent in moving
hundreds of families out of the submerged
district. There are no new names added
to the list of fatalities to-day, but reports
of persons missing and who were last seen
in the overflowed section are numerous.
A call for aid, signed by the Mayor and
many prominent citizens, has been sent
out, and a mass-meeting of citizens of
Waco will be held Monday night to devise
means to aid tho suffering and those In
need. The local weather bureau gives
the rainfall for the past twenty-four hours
as 4.05 inches, the heaviest on record. It
was believed that the worst of the over
flow was at an end until the Government
bureau posted the following bulletin to
day:
"Excessive rains throughout the Brazos
drainage basin will probably cause a de
cided rise in the Brazos River, overflowing
much low land from McLennan County
to the gulf during ; the next ten days.
Please warn residents along the river."''
Much anxiety is felt now over the
Brazos overflow, and runners have been
sent to notify the farmers in the low
lands. The flood yesterday was not alone
confined to this county. Temple and Bel
ton, thirty miles south, reported vast dam
age by overflows, the rainfal at Temple
being 5.94 inches, by far the heaviest ever
known. ,
A special from Belton says: "Not since
1852 has this city and vicinity been visited
by such a. downpour of rain as fell here
during the past two days. The Salido
River broke all previous high water marks
and destroyed the fine iron wagon bridge
at this place. At Summersville the school
house was carried away and the dam
washed out. The large steel bridge at Lit
tle River, on the main line of the Mis
souri, Kansas and Texas, is wrecked. The
Leon River is out of its banks and the
electric plant is flooded," the city being 1 in
total darkness."
Calverts reports a; fifteen-foot rise In
the river there. . The Navasota at Court
ney is, within two feet of its high water
mark and; with the large. creeks, is pour-
Ing a flood:into the swollen Brazos above
Hempstead. At that point the river is
out of its banks and rising fast. The bot
toms will be full of water before morn
ing.
At Chapel Hill the river is booming and
backwater covers a large section of flat
lands. The same conditions prevail at
Saley. At Richmond the river is ten feet
higher than yesterday from local rains
and the waters are still to come.
Columbia reports the river near the
tops of tho banks .and rising fast. The
country Is already flooded and the river
is expected to repeat its performances of
last July and spread half across Brazoria
County. No loss of life is reported, but
the universal report of correspondents Is
that crops are ruined beyond hope of re
demption and farmers will have to begin
all over again on their year's work.
per hour and said that the stream was
much higher than it had been during the
flood earlier in the month. He reported
100 feet of track washed out at one place
on the Montgomery branch and 500. feet in
another place. On the San Angelo branch
two bridges have been swept away and
200 feet of track unplaced.
The Southern Pacific is operating its
westbound trains for California around
tho wrecked bridge at Columbus by the
same route as before. .A day train goes
only, as far west as Alley ton. It is re
ported here that all trains on the San Aji
tonio and Aransas Pass and the New
York. Texas and Mexico trains out of
Houston have been abandoned. The Gulf
and Interstate Railway Is under water at
Hildebrandt Bayou, north of Winnie, and
no trains were run to-day. The telegraph
wires are also down.
IMMENSE DAMAGE BY
FLOOD AND HURRICANE
. DALLAS, Texas, April 28.— The floods
show no signs of receding. On the con
trary, most of the Texas rivers are ris
ing. A Fort Worth telegram says the
Trinity River has overflowed, doing much
property damage. The people are alarmed
for the safety of the waterworks, which
are seriously threatened. A nine-foot rise
is sweeping down from the headwaters
of the Trinity.
The telegraph wires are gone south of
Waco, Isolating more than half the State.
Railroad movements are absolutely sus
pended south of Dallas, on almost every
line in the State. The loss by flood and
hurricane since yesterday'mornlng is esti
mated to reach three to five million dol
lars, including damage to ' railroads and
crops. The damage to railroads is im
mense In Hill, McLennan, Williamson,
Bell, Colorado, i Bastrop and adjoining
counties.
E The telegraph companies have large
forces of linemen out trying to make re
pairs.
SENATE REFERS
BOER RESOLUTION
TO COMMITTEE
WASHINGTON. April 25.-Qulte
unexpectedly the Senate to-day
was brought face to face with the
proposition to extend its sympathy
to the Boers in their war with
Great Britain. In the midst of the
consideration of bills of minor im
portance Pettigrew of South Da
kota called up the following and
asked for its Immediate considera
tion:
Wher»as, From the hour of achieving
their own Independence the people of
the United States have regarded with
sympathy the struggles of other people
to free themselves from European dom
ination, therefore be it
Resolved, That we watch with deep
and abiding interest the heroic battle
of the South African republics against
cruelty and oppression, and our best
hopes go out for the full success of
their determined contest for liberty.
When Lodge of Massachusetts
had formally ascertained that no
committee had reported the reso
lution to the Senate he moved that
It be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations. Without a
word of debate the vote was taken,
thirty-one Senators voting In favor
of reference and eleven against it.
As the vote disclosed the absence
of a quorum, an effort was made
to secure one. but it was unsuc
cessful and the Senate adjourned.
Party lines were not drawn in
the vote to refer. While all those
who voted against reference are in
favor of the adoption of the reso
lution, several Senators on both
Bides of the chamber who are
known to be favorable to the reso
lution voted to send it to the com
mittee. As a quorum was not pres
ent 'and voting the resolution re
tains its place, subject to call at
any time.
The detailed vote was as follows:
Ayes— Allison. Baker, Bard, Carter,
Clark (Wyo.). Clay, Cullom. David.
y. rre o«ar. Hansbrough. Hawley. Jones
(Nev.), Kean, Lindsay. Lodge, Mc-
Coma*. v McCumber, McEnery. McLau
rln. McMillan. Morgan. Nelson. Penrose,
Perkins, Pettus. Pritcbard, Proctor,
Ross. Scott, Shoup— 3l.
Noes— Allen <N>br.). Berry (Ark.).
Chandler, Cockrell. Culberson. Heltfeld,
Petugrew. Rawlins (Utah), Teller, Tur
ner. Vest— ll-
public criticism and impatience would
well nigh have forced his recall, j
_ «
SUGGESTS REVIVAL OF
CONCENTRADO SYSTEM
LONDON, April 28.— The St. James Ga
zette this afternoon, dealing with the
problem of the treatment of the Free
State farmers, suggests a revival of Gen
xal Weyler*s Cuban concentrado system,
"minus the horrible dishonesty of Its exe
cution." •
A dispatch from Ladysmlth under to
day's date says there are only small par
ties of Boers in Tintwa Pass, but that
some hundreds are guarding the Van
Reenan and Olivershoek passes. Com
mandants De Beer and Vanniesklrk are
in charge, and their forces have been so
disposed that the whole body can be
massed at any pass the British may at
tempt to force.
A dispatch from Dewetedorp, dated Fri
day, April 27, pays residents of that place
claim the strength of the Boer force which
recently evacuated the place was 6000 men,
with six guns, under German officers.
?
RETREATING BURGHERS
CHANGE THEIR COURSE
MASERU, April 27.— The Boera. number
ing several thousand, who abandoned the
siege of Wepener on Wednesday, started
in the direction of Ladybrand. butchanged
their course and took the middle road
leading past Thaba Patso Mountain and
Lecan River mills, thence toward Thaba
Nchu and in the direction of Wlnberg.
The border guard of Basutos has j been
broken up in consequence of Wepener
now being in the hands of the British. One
of General Hart's wacon trainfc which
encumbered the movements, has been
Roberts' Forces Trying
to Overtake Burgher
Column Retreating
From Thaba Nchu,
TRANSVAALERS ARE
FAR OUTNUMBERED
Annihilation Threatens
the Patriots IF They
Be Compelled to Turn
end Fight.
ONDON. April ~>, 3:30 a. m.-The
X total absence of news from the
fer.t cf war in South Africa dur
ing the last twenty-four hours it
is presumed indicate? that opera
tion- are progressing which it is deemed
prudent to kerp secret.
So far as tbo riJuc:ion in the southeast
ern part of the Free State can be ¦worked
<v.it freni th<? latest dispatches, the main
body of the Boers, composed of the forces
recently holding Thahu Nchu. Leeuw Kop
rin-1 Dewetsdorp, Is retiring; probably with
:: vio-v to joining, in the neighborhood of
Ladyfcnuid, the commandos from the vi
cinity of Wepener. which, according to a
dispatch frora Aliwal North, dated April
S\ rea.de good their retreat to La<3ybrand.
Tbe ir.ain body of the Doers is being fol
lov.e.l by General.-- Hamilton. French, Bra-
Vrr.t i.nd Hart, while Ger.c-ral Rundle al.so
is on tho ?pot. Tht* ISritish thus have an
overwhelmingly superior forc<» and ought
to v.'.po oat the Boers if they succeed in
overtaking: them and bringing them to
bay.
It may be assumed that the Boers are
f to the eastward of a line drawn from
Thaba Nchu to Wopener. The retreat, it
Feemp, is being carried out without fight
ing. T.hich indicates that the Boers have
a pooi start, and the dispatches say that
they are Dot hampered much by transport
and leave no visible v.-heel tracks behind
;hcm on the veldt. This militates against
The probability of their being overtaken
and forced to a conclusive action. While
St Is possible that news of such a battle
may com? at any moment, the chance
seem? even that the retreating com
mandos may get away without being
forced to turn and fight.
It is within tho range of possibilities
that Lord Roberts, without waiting for
the outcome of these maneuvers, may
1 f jrin his advance northward. This may
be th<> recret that the censor has been so
Jealously guarding. The outcome of this
interesting situation cannot now be de
layed long.
Tlic oem from other points is unimport
ant and uninteresting. Sniping and slsell
irjr continue about Warrenton. apparently
Ineffectually, as no. casualties have been
reported on eeitherr r sloe. A FpecLal «lis
patrh from Beira, dated April 27. states
tfaat the dispatch of General Carrington's
division to Rhodesia Is proceeding as rap
idly as crcumstances will permit. Seven
transports have already landed troops and
btore-s.
IRISH SOLDIERS MAY
HAVE TO WEAR KILTS
LONDON. April 2S.— Though the Queen
has returned to England and though her
remarkable visit to Ireland is now a mat
ter of history, the latest fad shows no
fcicr>!= of abatement. Royalty's presence In
Eria failed to make Irishmen flaunting-ly
English, but, curiously enough, made
Knglishm^n annoylngly Irish. Of this
jihas-e. which began by the universal
¦wearing of the shamrock, there have been
several striking examples this week. The
lower House of the York Convocation,
<-orr.po?ed of sedate clergy and laymen of
the Cliurch of England's northern diocese,
has adopted resolutions to put St. Pat
rick upon the pages of the prayer-book.
from which he was unaccountably miss
ing. St. Andrew Is there, but Erin's
patron saint was omitted when the re
formers re-edited the liturgy.
On a r-^r with this action Is the agita
tton in England over Irishmen's right to
¦wear kilts. Upon this momentous ques
tion Hon. William Gibson, son of Baron
Ashbourae, Lord Chancellor of Ireland,
has been lecturing to large audiences in
London, dressed in the picturesque abbre
viated s^nerally associated with
Pitchmen. He makes an impassioned
pica fr>r the divine right of Hibernians to
wear kilts. Mr. Gibson is a learned young
man who married a Frenchwoman and
consistently resides in England.
Now there is talk of making the new
Jr!=h Guards Brigade masquerade in kilts,
though the reports which have come from
South Africa telling of the suffering of
the barr-l^gped Highlanders and the sor
rows v.-hkh are attached to this out-of
date uniform are recent enough to banish
the suggestion into the long list of foolish
absurdities. It is probable that the War
Office will take that view.
In consonance with the Queen's present
vl?hes, as many as possible of the new
Guards Regiment will be mustered for the
Usual birthday trooping of colors and re
view ceremonies in London on May 23.
This canoslxins and kilting would .be
merely humorous could the impartial on
looker forget the misery, poverty and
stagnation of industries that prevail
throughout southr-rn and western Ireland.
But in rlew of the conditions that exist In
that portion of the British isles the so
called Shamrock craze in England can
scarcely be considered anything but an
other instance on the part of the majority
<.t England's people of their complete fail
ure to grasp the nature of Ireland's needs,
however well meant and generous may be
the?e outward skin-deep signs of friend
ship.
pl?tol m hand ordered the women to
throw up their hands.
Instead of obeyinjr. the trio began
screaming and started to run. The foot
pad pursued them for a short distance
and then disappeared. As soon as this
was reported Police Captain Peterson or
dered a squad of patrolmen Into the Lake
side district. As fast as detectives and of
ficers could be mustered they were scat
tered over this fashionable quarter of
Oakland.
At H) o'clock the second hold-up occur
red. Charles S. Greene, librarian of the
tree Public Library, was stopped at
i ourtoenth and Alice streets by Vetsera.
Greene thought he was the victim of a
joker when he heard the order to throw
i:p his hands and obeying started on a
brisk walk. Vetsera followed him. but
save up the chase. He then ran upon his
last victim. Harris Allen, who resides
with Greene at 1257 Jackson street. Allen
was only a block away from the house
when Vttsera thrust a pistol at his head
and commanded "Hands up." Allen had
a good view of the weapon and the holder
of it, but started to grapple with the rob
ber.
\etsera grabbed Allen by the coal, tear
ing it open, wnd with one hand tried to
drag Allen's watch out of his pocket. In
the tussling the robber snapped his pistol
tnree times in Allen's face, but the'cart
ridge." luckily failed to explode and a
murder was thus prevented. Vetsera was
caught two blocks from where he stood
up Allen. He said he was going to East
Oakland to complete his night's work.
He secured nothing in Oakland. Ho
said 15 was all the money he got from
his San Francisco hold-ups.
Before he was locked in his cell Vetsera
said: "The next day after I held up tho
man I shot I went down to the City Hall
to see what the police were doing. I
talked with several of them there. They
seemed afraid I might come around and
steal their salary warrants."
Vetsera ?ald he had lived for a short
time in Oakland, but he refused to say
where his lodgings had been.
But There Are Others.
At a late hour last night a younsr colored
man named Brown reported to the police
that he had been held up about 8 o'clock
by a footpad at the corner of Jackson and
Steiner streets. Brown said the robber
secured $5 from him. The footpad wors
a white handkerchief for a miak.
WjJ^AKLAXD. April 28.— The masked
M V liighwayman who has been terror
1&l3 izing the Western Addition In San
Francisco and baffling the Police
Department of the city was cap
tured In the fashionable lakeside district
of Oakland to-night at 11 o'clock, after
having held up five persons within two
hours. The murderous footpad in Simon
L. Munckorosvon Vetsera, a fair-haired,
youthful native of Poland. ID years old, a
cook, driven to robbery because he was
out of employment.
With freedom he confessed to the four
hold-ups committed across the bay and
to the five>in this city which to-night
brought him to the end of his rope. The
pistol and a black , knotted silk handker
chief which were his implements of trade
were found in his pockets. The arrest
was the result of quick and clever work
on the part of Detective George Kyte and
Charles Hamerton. who ran the footpad
down on bicycles, capturing him near
the corner of Thirteenth and Harrison
streets, within three blocks of the heart
of the city. Vetsera unhesitatingly ad
mitted that he was guilty, declaring that
he might as well be hanged for a sheep as
a lamb.
His operations early this evening in
Oakland were identical with his method*
in San Francisco and the police were
positive that he was the name robber who
was striking terror in the residence sec
tion of the Western Addition.
His capture was largely due to the
prompt action of Night Police Captain
Peterson, who sent a score of detectives
and policemen into the Lakeside district
as soon a3 the first attempted robbery
of the night was reported shortly after 8
o'clock. Kyte and Hamerton. on their
wheels, were zigzagging through the dis
trict east of Harrison street to Lake Mer
ritt. stopping every person they met.
Shortly before 11 o'clock they were riding
along Thirteenth street and saw a man
walking ahead of them on the north side
of the street, just east of Harrison.
Jumping from their wheels they drew
their pistols, and in a second both detec
tives were at the suspicious pedestrian.
He fitted in a general way the vague de
scription they had of the robber.
Before he had time to make a move the
detectives seized his arms. Kyte searched
him hurriedly and found the silk hand
kerchief mask in a coat pocket. The pis
tol was dug out of another pocket by
Hamerton. Nothing else »^ut some odds
and ends were brought to light. The rob
ber had not a cent. The pistol was an
old-fashioned, rusted weapon of foreign
make, carrying a 3S-caliber cartridge.
"What's this for?" was the surprised
robber's exclamation, as he -was r.ei«s.
He said little more until the detectives
got him to the police station, and there
he lost no time in telling his story.
"I might as well admit everything. You
have got me," said Vetsera. "I gave
those San Francisco police all the trouble
they wanted. Yes. I am the robber. My
first hold-up was in San Francisco last
Sunday night. Then there was another on
Monday evening and two on Tuesday
night I shot at a man that night, but I
didn't 'know until the next day, when I
saw the papers, that I hit him."
The hold-ups were: Edward Xorthrup,
Sunday night; J. J. Deane. Monday: Mor
ris Sideman and Alexander Rogers. Tues
day, the latter having been wounded by
Vetsera. Continuing his story, the slender,
smooth-faced young robber said:
"It was laughable the way I fooled the
police. When they sent out the men dis
guised as women I used to walk along
the streets at night and bow to them. One
night I saw a couple standing under a
gaslight. The disguised policeman lifted
up his skirts to scratch a match and I
saw he had on trousers. With another
couple the 'woman' was a foot taller than
the man.
"I got tired of. trying In San Francisco,
so I came over here this morning to look
around and decide where to begin opera
tions to-night. The Oakland detectives
were too smart for me and I am caught.
Well, it can't be helped. I suppose.
"I came here from New York about six
months ago. My native place is Poland.
I had a girl In San Francisco, but she
left me a few days ago and went to Port
land. No. I will not tell you where I
lived. I am a cook, but I have not been
working for some time, and so, being
broke, I thought I would try to raise some
money by standing up people. I tried to
hold up folks that looked as If they had
money. 1 followed the man I shot for
blocks, thinking he was a rich man. But
none of them panned out very well."
Vetsera was charged with robbery. He
will not be turned over to the San Fran
cisco police, as he has confessed sufficient
of robberies in Oakland to insure his im
prisonment for many years. The police
believe Vetsera is insane.
The crimes which led to the robber's
capture to-night were of the same daring
nature that characterized his work in
San Francisco. The first holdup was re
ported to the police shortly after 8
o'clock. Mrs. Steddon. Miss Beeman and
Miss Bennett, residing at 317 Boulevard
Terrace, were walking along that "street,
one hundred yards from their house,
when a masked man jumped upon them
from the shadow of some trees and with
BRITISH AND BOER ARMIES RAGING
NORTHWARD TOWARD LADYBRAND
Pages 13.t0 22
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 160.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
Pages 13 to 22
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
NAME.
slip
is i?
** . V* *
- J*
?f v'
; rt
1
3
Event No. 3. QZ
Delicacy. » 2
> C 2! ?o
SS S£ ?i ji
•^5 "g l« 5*
YounK
Brotherton
Brooks —
Kverett ...
Muller
Lovett
Battu
Carr
Reed
i ...
. \m \ 92. s
? 115 73.8
. 91 73
. 106 89. 4
. IIV7 92.4
. 118 87.4
. 91.6 89.8
. ... 02
. 90 92
90.8 74.2 82.5
88 65.10 76.11 91
7S.S 59.2 65.11 65.3
8S 70 79
87 73.4 80.2 ....
89.3 74.2 81.11 96.2
8S 60 74 70.1
92.8 70.10 81.9 93.1
91 67.6 | 79.3 | 59.1General Rivera's Successor.
HAVANA, April 28.— Senor Perfeto -L*
coste has accepted the office of Secretary
of Agriculture made vacant by the res
[ icnation of ¦ General Ruia Rivera,
AID POURING IN
UPON OTTAIA
FIRE VICTIMS
Workmen Already Provid
ing Shelter for the
Homeless.
Total Value of Froperty Destroyed
by the Conflagration Now
Placed at Fifteen Mil
lions.
OTTAWA, April 28.— The estimates on
the damage wrought by Thursday's fire
proved to be rather over than under the
mark. The survey of the field gives the
following results:
Dead, seven; homeless, 15,000; buildings
burned, 3000: persons out of work, 5000;
value of property destroyed, 115,000,000,
Lumbermen have been having a talk
over their losses, and while none of them
will speak for publication, the loss of
lumber alone is put at 125,000,000 feet. This
makes a total loss for lumber of about
$3.5^,000.
The great need for ready relief for the
sufferers from the disaster haa made all
strain their best efforts in that direction.
Quick response has been made from many
cities of the Dominion and goods and
money are coming in by every train.
Workmen have already started in Hull to
build shelter for the people. Everything
has to be conveyed over the river in boats.
At a mass-meeting of citizens it was
decided to instruct the City Council to ask
the Ontario Legislature for permission to
borrow $100,000 by issuing debentures to
aid the sufferers from the fire. General
sub-committees were appointed for the
purpose of affording relief. It was de
cided to build two shelter buildings in
Hull Orders for blankets, bread and
other necessaries were given. Archbishop
Bruchesl of Montreal has given $500 to the
LONDON, April 28.— After a consulta
tion with the Canadian High Commis
sioner, Lord Starthcona, and Mount
Royal, Lord Mayor Newton has decided
to immediately open a Mansion. House
fund for the relief of the homeless peo
ple of Ottawa, and a Stock Exchange fund
was opened to-day with large subscrip
tions. The Lord Mayor's appeal will be
issued Monday. _.
PORTE LIKELY
TO REPLY IN
THE NEGATIVE
Answer to American Note
May Be a Virtual
Defiance.
It Is Believed That Without a Dis-
play of Force Turkey Will Not
Fay the Missionary
Claims.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 28.— The
United States legation haa not yet re
ceived the Porte's answer to the note
handed to Tweflk Pasha, th© Turkish For
eign Minister, by the American Charge
d'Affaires, regarding the Indemnity claims,
and the impression is gaining ground that
the reply will be in the negative, or even
that no reply will be made. The latter
alternative, however, seems to be unlikely.
The general opinion is that without a dis
play of force the Porte certainly will not
pay the claims, because it wishes to show
the Moslem world that It only yielded to
force.
It is not considered here that a simple
rupture of diplomatic relations will render
the Porte easier to deal with; but a rup
ture of formal relations is not necessary,
while the sending of a warship to a Medi
terranean port would suffice to obtain a
settlement In less than twenty-four hours.
The same proposition for the settlement
of the Indemnity question by an order of
a warship, in the price of which the In
demnity should be Included, was formerly
made to France and Italy, but M. Con
stans and Senor Pansa rejected the pro
posal.
The newspaper critclsms and comments
upon the attitude of Turkey in this affair
are causing great irritation at the Yildiz
Kiosk. • . • . •¦ . i
WASHINGTON, April' 28.— The United
States Government has not received the
slightest Intimation from any European
nation of a disposition on Its part to In
terfere in any manner In the present dis
pute between the United States and Tur
key over the American indemnity claims.
It may also be stated on the. best author
ity that none pf the representatives of
the European powers in Washington have
requested the State. Department to deliver
itself of any explanation of its intention
affecting Turkey, nor does our Govern
ment expect' any interference by third
parties in this matter so long as our
claims are confined to. their present per
fectly legitimate basfs. " '
All that can be stated by authority re
specting Mr. Grtscom's course at Constan
tinople is contained in the general declara
tion that he is pursuing instructions to
insist to. the, Turkish Government upon a
redemption of its promise to pay the
American indemnity claims. Naturally the
officials decline to Intimate what steps will
be resorted: to In case Mr. Griscom's re
i quest is denied. They prefer to believe
that the demand will meet. with success.
The phase \o bo feared is procrastination
on the 1 part of the Turkish Government
something harder to meet than an unqual
ified refusal to pay. It is understood that
Mr. Griscom Is., shaping -his representa
tions to the Porte with special reference
to the avoidance of this pitfall. .-
Ferrouh-Bey, the " Turkish Minister,
called at the State Department this after
noon and -spent - a 1a 1 half-hour in conversa
tion with Secretary - Hay. Beyond the
statement .that the indemnity claims were
the subject of discussion nothing official
could be ' learned of what took place be
tween the two. It is gathered - that : tha
Turkish effort 1b still in the direction of
finding some other means of escape from
the present situation than a cash settle
ment. Thus there Is belteved to be more
talk of the old proposition to build a Turk
ish cruiser here and settle the claims un
der the coverof such a transaction, but
whatever the' character of the details of
,the Turkish proposition, .It appears . that
ithere is no attempt to deny the obligation
assumed toward these claimants and em
bodied in the piomlses to Mr. Straus, and
consequently there has been no refusal to
pay the debt in some manner.
PARLIAMENT
AWAITS ACTION
BY ROBERTS
Herculean Efforts Being
Made to Reconstruct
Liberal Party.
American Complications With Tur
key the Gossip of London, but
No Serious Consequences
Are Expected.
____ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ . : . •;
Copyrighted, 1900, by the Associated ¦ Press.
LONDON. April 28.— Though the event
of the week in England has been the re
sumption of Parliament it scarcely justi
fied even passing- comment. Lethargy haa
marked and probably will continue to
mark the debates. Dissolution is in the
air, but all the members of the- House of
Commons now seem to realize that their.
happy release from Westminster depends
entirely upon the progress of : the war in
South Africa, although, as -' announced
weeks ago in these dispatches, until Lord
Roberts brings the campaign to a climax
the Government will continue to kill time,
adopting a non-committal attitude toward
any home measures that might engender
serious controversy and holding back any
announcement of any permanent policy
in regard to South Africa until the issue
of arms simplifies the multitudinous prob-.
lems involved. The Liberal papers in
veigh against this endeavor to secure
peace first and announce the policy after
ward, maintaining that a frank announce
ment of the Government's intentions .to
ward the South African republics would
greatly hasten peace.
However, the Liberals are fcr too hope
lessly divided on the war Question to have
any chance of forcing Lord Salisbury's
hand in this respect.' Thus the unimpor
tant situation is likely to define itself into
forgetfulness amid Liberal clamor that
the Government ' is' making deathbed re
pentance on international issues, and
when Lord Roberts breaks' the backbone
of the Boer resistance the Premier' will
spring a programme and go' before the
country. , . .-Jijy'o
Activity of Liberals.,
Judging from Lord Spencer's speech this
week, herculean efforts are being made
by the old-time Liberal leaders to recon
struct the party. Lord Spencer blessed
every Liberal section, but in the same
breath declared himself for Lord Rose
bery. That is the rock on which the Lib
erals split. The attitude of the former
Premier will probably have more effect
on the next election than any other cir
cumstance except the outcome of the war.
Strenuous efforts are making to bring
Lord Rosebery into 'active politics again
and within the fold of recognized party
lines, but so far they have met with no
success, as he cannot be persuaded to put
International policies above considerations
affecting the empire. While he stands
with the majority of the Liberal leaders
on local issues, he is bitterly at variance
upon imperial questions with a large body
of the party, especially the Forwards, or
more radical section. As Lord Rosebery
numbers among his followers Lord Spen
cer, Sir Henry Fowler, H. H. Asquith
and many other leaders, it can only be
surmised that the Conservatives will put
off the election until a moment most op
portune for themselves and then, faced
by the disintegration of opposition, sweep
the country even more completely than
at the last election.
The past week has witnessed a feeble
attempt to celebrate St. George's day with
the outward signs that marked St. Pat
rick's anniversary. One result was that
roses slightly increased in price (most of
them came from France), and there was
a sprinkling of flags. But on the whole
the efforts to celebrate England's patron
saint were by no means successful. Ex
cept by handling the gold coinage of the
realm few people, however, have any
knowledge of St. George, and in the pop
ular, mind, he retains only uninteresting
associations in which he is connected
with the mere conquest over the. dragon
portrayed on the sovereigns, which fails
to awaken enthusiasm in stolid England.
Complications With Turkey.
American complications with Turkey
continue the topic of the day. The Out
look, after declaring the Sultan and Isaac
Gordon, the notorious money lender who
died recently, were own brothers in mat
ters of money, says:
"The Sultan has now fallen back on
the desperate debtor's last device of buy
ing more and has offered to place an or
der for a warship with an American firm
if only the American Government^ will
accord him a- while longer. ButT the
American Government will do nothing of
the sort and grimly intimates that unless
the dollars are promptly forthcoming the
matter will be put in the hands of the
United States navy. Yet President Me-
Kinley's candidature may not, after all.
enjoy immense help from a naval demon
stration in -European waters, for the
European powers who are fellow • suf
ferers with America and Armenia
are,- in wholesome imitation, taking
steps, to press their claims, and un
der such pressure Turkey must give
way. Russia, it Is true, is holding
aloof, but, menaced by Japan, she is
hardly likely to lend Turkey more than
diplomatic help."
During the course of a long article the
Speaker maintains that the difficulty is
chiefly due to the exploitation of the Con
tinental and American press and ridicules
the possibility of a serious outcome, say
ing: "The devH'B shadow promises to re
build, punish, tax and to do a hundred
things, but pay he cannot. Thereupon his
vision conjured up Admiral Dewey, of all
people, sailing into the Mediterranean
and occupying one of those ports, for. the
virtual neutrality of which the great
European powers are willing to risk the
chances of a great war among them
selves. It Js on a par with the boycott of
the French exhibition of the Don Paciflco
claim."
Richard Croker will remain in England
until after Derby day and neither politi
cal rumors nor personal paragraphs will
alter his determination to enjoy the Eng
lish spring racing season.
FLYNN IS DEFIANT.
Says the Irish League Will Meet as
Arranged in Newmark.
CORK, April 28.— James J. Flynn, mem
ber of Parliament for the north division of
Cork County, haa been served with a
proclamation prohibiting a meeting of tho
United Irish League, scheduled to take
place at Newmark; County Cork/ to-mor
row, on the ground that the meeting is
for the purpose of Intimidation.
Mr. Flynn has written a letter to the
authorities declaring his intention of hold
ing the meeting and warning the police
against interfering with free speech. A
large force of constabulary is being draft
ed to that locality.
-, »
DEATH OF MRS. WILSON.
Wife of Porto Rico's Governor Suc
cumbs to Fatal Bums. ....
HAVANA, April 28.— The wife pf Major
General James H. Wilson, Military Gov
ernor of the Department : of Matanzas,
Santa Clara, died this afternoon from the
effects of burns accidentally received this
mornlne while driving with her daughter.
In alighting from her carriage Mrs. Wil
son stepped on a match," whicn ignited her
dress. She was terribly burnea, and'al
though everything was done to relieve her.
sufferings she died about 3 p. m,
"AT THE SLOANE BUILDING"
POST STREET,
BETWEEN HEARNY ST. AND GRANT AYE.
SPECIAL SALE OF LACE CURTAINS!
« We offer an intense stock, specially imported for the opening of department
• ia UEW STOhE, at greatly reduc»d prices. WE QUOTE FOB EXAMPLE:
Irish Point, regular price $3.75 REDUCED to $2.75 Per Pair
Irish Point, regular price $5.00. . . REDUCED to $3.50 Pep Pair
Irish Point, regular price $6.00 REDUCED to $4.50 Per Pair
Irish Point, regular price $6.50 REDUCED to $4.75 Per Pair
Battenberg Lace, regular price $6.SO.. REDUCED to $4.50 Per Pair
Battfnberg Lace, regular price $7.50. .REDUCED to $6.00 Per Pair
Battenberg Lace, regular price $8.00. .REDUCED to $6.50 Per Pair
Battenberg Lace, regular price $9.00. .REDUCED to $7.00 Per Pair
Battenberg Lace, regular price $9.75. .REEUCED to $7.50 Per Pair
We beg to announce that we are ready to show our lines of •
RENAISSANCE, ARABIAN , RUFFLED MUSLIN and other CURTAINS.
FURNITURE OEPA R TMENT
Occupies three floors of our NEW BUILDING, with complete lines of
Parlor, Dining-room, Library, Kail and Bedroom Furniture,
SOt_IE AGENTS I=OF*
BERKEY & GAY FURNITURE CO. and ANSONIA BRASS BEDS.
W. & J SLOANE & CO.,
Furniture— - — —Carpets Upholstery
114-W6-118-120-122 Post Street.
Battery N to Leave Alcatraz.
WASHINGTON. April 28.— Battery N.
Third United States- Artillery, is among:
the batteries" which have, on the recom
mendation of General Miles, been ordered
by the Secretary of War to -take station
at Fort Monroe, Va., for duty at the
artillery school. The action of the depart
ment In this matter is taken with a view
to increasing the efficiency of the artil
lery arm of the service, the importance
of which has greatly increased by reason
of the additions and Improvements of the
coast defenses.
REVEALS THE
SECRET OF HER
LIFt'S TRAGEDY
Crown Prinoess Stephanie's
New Book Causes a
Sensation.
Portrays the Infelicities of Her
-First Marriage and Her Hus
band's Want of
Fidelity.
?
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1&00, by the Herald Pub
llshlne Company.
BERLIN, April 28.— Crown Princess Ste
phanie,' now the Countess Lonyay, has be
come an authoress. A few weeks ago an
iHustrated article by Her Imperial High
ness appeared in the work "The Austro-
Hungarian Monarchy in Pen and Pencil,"
which she edited with her husband. Crown
Prince Rudolf.
After the death of the Crown Prince,
Princess Stephanie herself took up the
editing of the work. The book has caused
a great sensation. It would be Interesting
even If the writer were not such a highly
placed personage, for it reveals the secrets
of woman's soul— all that she suffers, her
hopes, fears, all the love she lost and that
which she found.
"When I think of the past," Countess
Lonyay writes, "I ask myself if I have
lived or dreamed. When one's life has
failed, deep in the heart there rises a
yearning for something unknown— for
something endlessly sweet, for some
heaven-sent happiness which one feels,
but yet which one can never reach."
She early learned the shadowy side of
married life, and concerning her former
husband's want of fidelity she expresses
herself as follows: . -
"In a marriage where the husband is
completely blase, both heart and soul
with time become as empty as an egg
shell?" .
Much surprise was expressed and It was
regarded as a" mere conventloual act that
Crown Princess Stephanie often laid
flowers on the grave of her husband, who
died for the sake of her rival. But, as
was to be expected, her youth made the
Princess yearn for more life. Fate of
fered it to her. She writes:
"It is possible I have passed tfirough a
long, long and dark night, and now the
black, clouded sky Is flushed with the ris
ing light and gleam of hope which pre
sages the splendor of the sun. Will it rise
in dazzling beauty? Shall I bask in its
warm beams, and will it kiss tears from
my cheeks? Come, oh, sun, come. You
will find a poor, wretched, almost withered
rose which the hand of fate has stripped
of thorns." • ¦ . ?
It becomes clear that she has decided
on the final step.
"Two young people see each other for
the first time, know each other for a quar
ter of an hour and then utter words which
bind them till death doth them part"
Her struggle to realize her new life is
thus described:
"Parents, friends, all desert me one by
one How often does one's heart bleed in
having to respect narrow laws of so
called conventional morality?"
The Crown Princess addresses the fol
lowing poem to her daughter:
Tbe evenlns bell i» softly ringing:
Across tha peaceful vale to me:
I would its nlstant chimes were brlnglns
My greeting from afar to thee.
Ths sun Is sinking: slowly westward.
The glistening moonlight nils the air,
- And heavenward floats on angel pinions
. For thee my silent evening prayer.
JAPANESE CONSULS ACT.
Bequest That Emigration to This
Coast Be Checked.
SEATTLE, April 28.— Japanese Consul
Shokmo of this city to-day received a dis
patch from the Consul at " San . Francisco
to Join in the cabled request, signed by
all the Japanese Consuls on the coast, to
the Japanese Government to stop further
Immigration to this country.. Eight thou
sand Japanese have arrived on the coast
this -year, and the Consuls -fear trouble
if the arrivals continue. Shokmo wired
a strong protest- to the Japanese Govarn-
L jnent this afternoon.
DEWEY SAYS
HE IS IN THE
RACE TO STAY
Certain to Be an Opponent
of Bryan at Kansas
City.
?
Oliver H. P. Belmont Declares tho
Admiral's Backers Are Seek
ing to Disrupt tha
Democracy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 2S.— "When asked
whether he would issue a statement de
fining his position on public questions be
fore leaving Washington Admiral Dewey
said:
. "No; I see no reason for any hurry in this
matter. I have announced that I would
be a candidate and have announced that 1
am a Democrat. Then, too, it is known that
I will be an opponent of Mr. Bryan at
Kansas City, which should suggest plainly
where I stand on the vital issues. I am
not prepared to say just when I will make
a statement."
Oliver H. P. Belmont returned from
Europe to-day. He has been absent two
month* and most of his time has been
spent in Paris. Since his departure from
these shores the candidacy of Admiral
Dewey for President has been announced.
"It was with regret." said Mr. Belmont
to a Call correspondent, "that I heard
that Admiral Dewey had announced him
self as a candidate for the Presidency. I
regard it ts simply the result or a scheme
of n few men who are attempting to dis
rupt the Democratic party, tor Aumiral
Dewey. himself I have great admiration,
and having once served in the nayy ¦ t
have for him the most kindly feelln*3. He
has certainly served the country w«Il. and
th! United States owes him a debt of
W&rait ?h CC e U candida C y ox Admiral
Dewey is a hopeless one. It la a foregone
conclusion that Bryan will be the nominee
of the Democratic convention and that
McKinley will be chosen bx the Repub
ii7«n« As far as votes are concerned I
think that Admiral Dewey would take
mo?e from the Republicans than from the
Democrats. The admiral has been most
unfortunate in his choice of those who
hayS represented him before the people In
th .?Aa U r^ral P Dewey'» platform I ? e*. Is the
American flag and the constitution. It is
onTy a question of determining upon those
nrinclDles which are necessary for the
Carrying out of the constitution and pre
serving the honor of the flag.
••Do you think, then." Mr. Belmont was
asked, "that Mr. Bryan will be elected tf
he is nominated?" -'- '¦"'¦,
••Unquestionably," was the reply. "The
Democratic party will win on the issues
of trusts and of anti-lmpenalism.
The winter climate has deranged, more or §|\ WWI WWA ° St °* aU SP " ng tOnkS ' '^ ***' °* *"
less, the mucous membranes of your whole \\\\W| W^S\ P uriflers > ths surest of all nerye mvi Sor a tors.
body; has produced a catarrhal condition, if#\\\™|| C\ \@S®iM One bottle of Peruna will do more in clearing
not only of your head, throat and lungs, but g^|l|| l . \\tPw aw *y tbe fogs of April ailtnents tbaD all thO
quite likely your stomach anddigestive organs, wl^ll^ other medicines in the world,
also. Your appetite is changeable. Your \^^S^^ J ' Stuartf Eastland > Texas, writes: "/
food digests poorly. Your blood is out of W^^^ \\ \\^^^ have purchased one bottle of Peruna, and it
order. You have that « tired feeling.'* All P^^^^. \ v\^t^ was used by myself and wife as a spring medl-
this is due to the catarrhal condition of the V cme ' l conslder lt tbe best dollars worth
mucous membrane. Systemic catarrh, Dr. T^^nilt/K, \w?»iv!! I ever bought." i
Mart man calls it. WmWuk \N 111!)? Lena L. Stoll, Adrian, Mich., says: **1 used
It Is time to take Peruna, therefore. It Is Wmwll \ W| Peruna for five years as a spring medicine."
time to take a thorough course of Peruna. '[fly V ' ' We have thousands of testimonials from all
Peruna will strike at the cause of all your P*rts of the United States on this subject,
troubles by removing the catarrhat condi- ' Write for a book of them. Sent free by The
tions. This makes Peruna at once the great- \ Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio.
ANGLOPHOBIA
IS DYING OUT
IN GERMANY
Press Comments Show a
Marked Change of
Attitude.
Past Year Has Been the Most Pros- ]
perous Since the Founding
of the German
Empire.
Copyrighted, 3900, by th» Associated Press.
BERLJN. April £«.— lnterest in the
South African war has flagged, owing to
the lack of exciting nws. The semi
official Milltair Wochensb'.att says it is
Impossible to grain a clear idea of the
present status there "because of the want
of concentrated efforts on both Fidf-s.
the actions being small and scattered,
probably ov.ing to Lord Roberts' mistake
in believing that the southern half of the
Orange Free State was pacified, whereas
numerous commandos are evidently form
ing there constantly."
During the week the German press paid
great attention to the relations between
Great Britain and Germany, and it was
Interesting to note that even such an An-
ClophCbe paper as the Hamburger Xach
richten added "it was foolish to needless
ly anger and provoke England," and ad
vised the German people to "use more
wisdom and circumspection when criticiz
ing the English or the war."
It Us also significant that the Govern
ment organ, the North German Gazette,
reproduced the fon&going article.
The Vossische Zfitung came out with
an editorial, eemi-excuFing itself for pre
vious utterances and claiming that what
the German press had been doing was,
only giving the British good advice in
criticizing the war. otherwise remaining
friendly to England.
The whole Government press now simul
taneously prints pro-British arguments,
evidently navir.g received a cue from ;
headquartprs. It is quite true that the
Emperor has all along been pro-English.}
He regards friendly and even intimate |
relations between the two countries as j
one of the cornerstones of his policy. i
The correspondent of the Associated I
Press has from time to time furnished j
proof of this. His Majesty's latest cvi- j
dences in this line are his personal utter- ;
ances, the knowledge of which has not j
penetrated beyond his immediate sur- j
roundings, but it is said that they are ;
all confirmatory of his pro-British feel- ,
The Emperor is of one mind with the j
Foreign Affairs Minister, Count yon Bu- |
low, and both of them have been strength- i
ened in their views by the behavior of i
France and Russia since the South Afri- I
can war bfgan. They have also been lnflu- j
enced by the attitude of the United States
toward Great Britain since the beginning
of the war. his Majesty being a tirm be
liever in a cordial understanding between
Great Britain, the United States and Ger
many. He has not scrupled to give ex- |
pression to this conviction during the past |
year to both the British Embassador, Sir |
Francis Lascelles, and the United States
Embassador. Andrew C. White. It is need
less to say that this policy is wholly dis
approved of by the Agrarians, who are
putting out that the late Prince Bismarck
always thought Russia was Germany's
be«=t friend.
The pfmi-official Post, correctine the
views expressed by part of the British
and American press that a strong anti-
American feeling is prevailing in Ger
many, concludes:
"It is true the war with Spain, which
began without sufficient cause, was more I
heverely condemned, but now that peace
is restored we endeavor to be just to the
Americans, not being blind to their feel
ings, but admitting their great achieve
ment* in every department of life. Tha
United States has stepped into the rank
of the world powers and we do not know
why Germany should show animosity,
since both powers, rather, should go to
Fame paces."
The visit of the Emperor to Prince yon
Furstenberg was partially undertaken in
order to gain a correct id<*a of the actual
status of the German language and na
tional strife in Austria before meeting
Emperor Francis Joseph, with whom he
will converse on the subject.
The North German Gazette prints fie:
ures showing that financially the year 1R99
was the most successful since the founda
tion of the German empire. The surplus
over the estimates was sixty million
marks, in pplte of the larger expenditures
for the navy.
The Socialist May festival Tuesday next
will not be generally kept, the Vorwaerts
referring to Tuesday** RelchFtag session
as a "counter-demonstration." In Berlin
six Socialist Reichstag districts will cele
brate the day with popular entenlain
ments. dancing and fireworks. Jr
WASHERWOMEN'S
STRIKE ANNOYS
TIE PARISIANS
Famine of Clean Linen Is
the Result of the
Walk-Out.
Proprietors Greatly Incensed at the
! Action of Their Employes
During the World's
Fair Bush.
... ,
Copyrighted. 13C0, by the Associated Press.
PARIS. April 28.— A famine of clean
linen is more disturbing to Parisians than
the incomplete condition of the exposition
grounds. Eight thousand Paris washer
women have struck, for higher wages and
shorter hours and serious inconvenience
ha*s already been caused. The hotel man
ager-! and keepers of restaurants bitterly
complain that half their linen is not re
turnt<l from the wash, and private fam
ilies are also feeling the pinch. The strike
commenced at Boulogne-Sur-Seine sind
spread to several other environs where
laundries are situated. The laundry work
people around Paris number between 20,000
and 30.000, and if the strikers succeed in
securing; their adhesion the mass of Paris
ians will have to go unwashed. The fact
that the influx of visitors to the exposi
tion is begun, necessitating heavy de
mands on the laundries, gave the washer
women an opportunity to put the screws
on their employers, who naturally are
much incensed by this attempt to force
their hands now, when they have already
concluded contracts in many cases with
hotels, restaurants and other establish
ments for tho exposition season at deter
mined rates.
Refuse to Compromise.
I The masters offered a partial increase of
j wages, but the strikers thus far have re
fused to compromise. Bands of work peo
ple gather in the neighborhood of the
! laundries where work is still partially
'continued and try to persuade the non
strikers to join them. No serious disorder
j has yet occurred, but the police are lak
i ing precautions and detachments of
I gendarmes have been drafted to the dis-
I tricts where trouble is possible.
This ebullition of labor difficulties calls
; attention to the serious possibility of
much graver disturbances arising from
i the throwing on the labor market of thou
sands of workmen by the completion of
! the exhibition and of the central portion
jof the new Metropolitan Railway, These
I great undertakings attracted to Paris vast
| numbers of provincial carpenters, masons,
painters and unskilled laborers, and the
I problem the Government has now to face
i is the dispersal of these men through the
I country or to avoid a great labor crisis in
I Paris, the consequences of which It would
Ibe difficult to foresee. The first measure
• of the Government has been to post at all
( centers of work placards enumerating un
' dertakings in the provinces directed by
the Minister of Public Works. It is esti
! mated that three days will absorb about
j 12.000, and free transportation will be
given to the places where the men are
required. There still, however, remains
a large number for whom jobs are wanted.
The acting secretary of the Labor Ex
change calculated that 60,000 workmen
came to Paris last year. Of this number
perhaps two-thirds intend to return to
their homes.
The secretaries of the various trads
unions take a more pessimistic view of
the situation. The secretary of the paint
ers' organization reckoned that the com
pletion of the exposition will leave over
10,000 painters alone unemployed, while a
I committeeman of the unskilled laborers'
i union claims that thte number of that
. class who will be thrown on the streets
will reach 20,000, few of whom will con-
I sent to go to the provinces. This latter
' reluctance is an important factor In the
j crisis, as the countrymen, intoxicated by
\ the glitter of the metropolis, are disposed
• to hang on as long as possible.
Order Out of Chaos.
The fortnight's work on the Exposition
since the opening has done much to
j bring order out of chaos which obtained
: when President Loubet declared the Ex-
I position open. Perceptible progress is
j neing made daily, and sight-seers can
find sufficient to repay them for the
I trouble of a visit. The galleries are fill-
I ing up with the exhibits, which are being
rapidly installed. The foreign sections
¦ in this respect are further advanced than
i France's own building, and the American
i exhibits are keeping well abreast of those
of other countries. Most of the foreign
national pavilions now are on the eve
of Inauguration, and several have been
i opened, Bosnia and Hungary being the
! latest to unclose their doors. Both of
I these offer charming Interiors, and are
I characteristically and artistically repre-
I sentative of their respective countries.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, SUNDAY, APREL 29, 1900.
581-585 EIGHTH' ST. . Telephone Sooth 239.
We beg to announce that we have Just completed the erection of a new
building and have fully equipped It with a line of new and modern ma-
chinery. We will turn out Laundry Work as It should be, where your linen
will be handled with the greatest care and your Interests especially consid-
ered. We assure you the prices and work will be satisfactory and solicit a
trial.
V GEO. W/. SCHINDELE, Manager,
0 Recent Manager Whit* Star Lanndrjr.
14
NEWS OF FOREIGN LANDS
BY CABLE TO
THE CALLADVESTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS WEEK
WE WILL MAKE A
GRAND
CLEARANCE
SALE
...0F...
WILL CLOSE OUT
ABOUT 1200 PAIRS
At $1.00 Per Pair.
LACE AND CONGRESS
SINGLE, DOUBLE AND CORK
SOLES.
Pay your money and Take Your Choice.
Just think of It I $1.00
"-" i a pair for shoes that c-st ¦ ¦ ¦
54, 55 and $6 a pair. — —
ALSO ABOUT 600 PAIRS OF
BOYS' BUTTON AND LACE
SHOES
Most of them French Calf, to be closed
out at
SI.OO a Pair.
We do not fill mail orders from the
Men's and Boys' Si.oo shoes.
THIS WEEK WE WILL CLOSE
OUT 600 PAIRS OF
LADIES* BUTTON AND LACE
SHOES,
Coin and Square Toes, all sizes, at
51.25 a Pair.
ALSO ABOUT 400 PAIRS OF
LADIES' PARIS KID, VESTING
TOP LACE SHOES,
Latest style Coin Toe. Parent Leather
Tips, all sizes, at
51.40 a Pair.
BEAR IN MIND—
We will close cut all our last year's
stock. Prices no object
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
NOLAN^BROS.,
812-814 Market Street,
PHELAN BUILDING.
nJ_A.}//YI j DR. PIERCES
immk electric
RFIT
v^^S^fel*^ ULL 111 1
»jL IP^ THIS BELT 13 WAR.
'/Vs ranted to b« ttia latest fm-
'» prored. most powerful and i»
>n mpecti the best now manufactured la any
part oftn* world Ita equal does not exist. Th*
Onlvanometer »hows Ita electric current to b«
doable that of «ny ether. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attar-i-
nenta Preoial conductor* and electrod**.
Double wira suspensory for men. It w»J cur»
any dlse*** on earth thit It Is posalbU to cur,
with electricity, and It cure* when others tan.
Buy no belt till you s»e "Dr. Plerce's."
••Booklet No. t." fre« at office or nent by mail
for a Z-cent stamp, tells all about It. Ad-".re»*
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 .Market Street.
<Ot>p. Palace HoteD SAN FRANCISCO.
Eastern Office— New York City.
51 E!3a sV ««¦¦ h -^ pi Qj^iii
f3f 3 fl B r9 fc^ji H En Q ¥ SUM
Pehhyroyal pjlls
H.^uT^W. Ortulnml and Only Iranian.
A,f>J?s3a- *« CHICHKSTEU'S KN'r;HSII
HEI» ud Cold atu.% N.«. m%\*i
7Z\ —-^ftf wKab:»« ribbon. Take ¦• other. Refkat*
T*l «^ «Vj I»«neert»n« Habatttatioaa aail lmll».
I*/ "T ft} tlanih Uur of jour l>rti<*..<i. or «»n1 4r. la
I ••- Jf nainp* for Partlealara, Tr.tlmonlal*
\V* ft* maiX "Re "er for l.»dl<-«.- ti I'tttr. St r<^
' 1/ tmrm Mmll. 1«.«»O TntlmnataJ.. Silif
v — ""/ »!1 r)ru«:in. i'blvar.trr «'hrmlc>! <'».,
Keatlon th!» p*,<r. MsJlton »«aar«. flliLU PA.
jii.riALL's liEuvicoaAro&prast?
Five hundred reward for any B^fJ^^S^
case we cannot cure. Thia »ecr»t &"* *^»
remedy stops ail losses In 24 R
hours, cures Emissions. Impo- CSil ESEr-
tency. Varfcocele. Gonorrhoea. Rtffl ffi '
Uleet. Fits. Strictures. Lose UJtJ IJZ4I
Mannood and all wastln< efl<Tts B«tl__F3?''
of delf-.ibuse or excesses. Sent 1x231X3*2*
sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. S3; fi-uaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAX. IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal Also
for sale at 1073H Market st.. S. F. All prlvata
diseases quickly cured. Send for fre» book.
DDTTC U l7 Q 1R rarhers. bar.
DnUOnlulJ!-' bootbla**,. beth.
iu-u'-t. billiard tablxt.
rfr*-*-»r«, b»:keinderv candy -mnkan. caanen.
Ay em. (Vmr mlUa. foondrtu. liuaJrHs, pap«r-
rmnjrers. crlat«r». palctvrt, »ho# Nctorlra. »v«
blemec. tar»roAteni. tanners, tallon, ata.
BUCHANAN BKOS..
Brush Mtnufasturer*. 600 Sacramento St
All B° f% Completely eradicated with-
Oil Li \T out euttln* or tytnv. No
I 1 1 1 b\ cure> no P"*- ror tnforma-
OF INTEREST TO COAST.
"List of Pensions Granted and Post-
masters Appointed.
Fppola! Hisratrh t.> The Call.
WASHINGTON. April 2S.— The following
pension? ha%'e been granted:
California^ Original— Horatio Perry Rob
ertson. Sheep Ranch, J6; Stephen F. Har
ris, raski nta. $.">: Samuel O. Fortney, Red
l.ir.ds. JS. Renewal— Charles E. Birge,
Pasadena, JS. Original widow, etc! —
<"lara G. «'ase, San Francisco. $S. Mexican
wa.r widow— Mary Jane Blassingame
Fresno. JS. Increase— Amos Harry, San
Francisco. ?«.
Oregon: Original— lx»ander F. Wilhoit.
Olalla. St. Increase— John H. Gibson. Pen
dleton. $8 to SlO. Original widow. reissue-
Ma r^arct G-.fbel, Wallowa. Sl2.
Washington: Increase — George W
Pierce. Goldendnle. $3 to $10. Original
¦—Peter Hansen, Tacoma. $6. Additional—
Alfred Phillips. New Whatcom. «. In
creas<«—Frank Platt. Tneoma, $8 to $10.
A n*w postoffice h.i« be-»n established at
Washington. Pine Flat, Kllckitat County,
r<n<l Nora E. Lindsay appointed Post
mistress. At the newly established post
office at Grizzly. Crook County. Oregon,
N A. NVwbill was appointed Postmaster.
Other PopimaFtTs appointed are: Cali
fornia—William Edwards, Benton. Mono
'•ou-tv. vice E. B. Partridge, resigned;
E. V,. Fixley. Oastl* Cng. Shasta Cou.-.ty
vie- 3 George Schonewald. resigned.
cropon— Bertha Plymale. W'lsonvtlle,
'"h.rknmas County, vice Henry Mll»y, re
sipred.
on— William Hunter. Almota.
Wr>atcom County, vice M. C. Spalding. re
*-fgTied: A. Lovefrre*>n. Preston, King
County, vice J. F. Hudson, removed.
PoFtcffice sub-station No. 17. San Fran
«M!=eo. will be established at Seventh and
Mir.na streets July L
I'resident McKinley feels obliged to de
cline the invitation to Join the camping
expedition to Mount Whitney and Sequoia
National Park in July, extended by the
J'.oard of Trade of Visalia through Repre
sentative Needham. The President may
po to California this summer, but cannot
place himFfif outside telegraphic commu
nication with Washington.
Iowa Docked.
PRATTLE. Wash.. April 2S.— The battle-
Fhip lowa was successfully docked at the
Purpt Sound naval station at Bremerton
at 2:21 o'clock this afternoon and at 5
o'clock was resting on the ways. The
docking was madf under the direction of
Assistant Naval Constructer Homer Fer
p-usr.n. on<» of the few times in the history
of the navy that an official of such low
rank has had the conducting of bo impor
tant an enterprise.
Fell Under a Car.
SACRAMENTO. April 2S.— A roadmas
ter"s velocipede car on which were riding
Alexander Kyle and C. L. Allen, em
ployes of the railroad company, left the
rail? Nt Second and R streets this mom
ing Kyle fell under the car and his skull
v.-as fractured by a flange of a wheel. The
phyni elans In charge say his chances of
recovery are alight.
TROUBLE OVER
APPOINTMENT
OF GIRIMONDI
Much Comment Follows the
Naming of Consul to
Santos.
»
Is a Roman Catholic Priest, but Has
Aroused the Enmity of His
Churchmen in Wash
ington.
Bpeclal Dirpatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. Washington. April 28.-
Much comment ha« followed the belated
announcement that Dr. J. J. Girlmondi,
lately appointed by President Mcivinley
and conlirm«d as Consul to Santos, Bra
zil, is a secular priest of the Roman Cath
olic Church. It is not so much the fact
thut Girimondi is the first priest to be
Riven a Consular position that has occa
sioned the talk as that he has incurred
the bitter enmity of m<uiy belonging to
tne priesthood of Washington. Dr. Giri
mor.di twice c.-iIU-d to pay his respects to
-\lpr. jsartinel:i. I'apa; representative in
.America, and both Urnes he was refused
an auriionce.
Another strange phase of this remark
al?!e Incident is thai while priests of this
< ty assert that Dr. Girimondi belongs in
St. Paul to the archdiocese of Archbishop
Ireland, he is credited. In his appointment,
to California. He had the solid support
for the appointment of the California del
egation, ail of th<» members of which ex
press ifrnorance a* to his church anteced
ents ai.d are surprised to learn that he
tx-Ic-ngs to the priesthood. One close lo
l'zesident McKinley to-day gave full au
thority for the assertion that when Dr.
<»iriir:ondl received his appointment the
I 'resident did not know tnat he was a
j riest.
The reeling is that deception has been
practiced, und some one will certalnlv be
oallfHi upon for an explanation. This is
ail the more likely because of the opposi
tion to Dr. Girimondi within his own
church, some of the Washington priests
even poing so far as to predict that the
P'-pe wili interfere.
Senator Perk ns to-night said that he
had recommended Dr. Giriraondl for ap
jxnntment. adding that he had the support
of the entire Fr^nrb. Spanish and Italian
colonies of San Francisco. He expressed
preat surprise when told he belonged to
the priesthood.
Representative Kahn said he had known
Girimondi many years, and this was the
first timi he had ever heard of his being
a priest.
The Late James M. Miller.
by Dr. S. 8. Bogle in the back yard of his
residence on Mendocino street Wednesday
evenlns. " le d tnls corning shortly after
11 o'clock of his wounds.
Immediately upon being informed of the
fact Dr Bogle, who '.he shooting has
been out on 110.000 bail, proceeded to the
Sheriff's office, where he gave himself up.
Denuty Sheriff Logan Tombs at onco went
before Judge Brown of the Justice's Court
and swore to a complaint charging Dr.
uo"le with murder and he was reanesttd.
An Inquest was held this afternoon and
the Jury brought in a verdict to the effect
that deceased met Ms death aa the result
of a gunshot wound at the hands of Dr.
S. S. Bogle.
As soon th« verdict of the Coroner's
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OI Cclno Uy)
Spring Colds,
Grip-Influenza.
Manual of all Disease* sent free-
Humphrey!' Hom*opathlo Medicine Co.. Cor.
William and John sts., N. T. Be sure to get
HUMPHREYS'
MILLER DIES AS THE
RESULT OF HIS WOUND
Dr. Bogle, the Santa Rosa Physician,
Held for Murder Without
Bail.
Speda.l Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA ROSA. April 28.— James M. Mil
ler, the Hinton-avenue paint and wallpa
per dealer who as the result of a misun
derstanding over money matters was shot
Jury was announced the matter of admit
ting Dr. Bogle to ball was argued before
Judpe Brown. The motion being over
ruled, the doctor was lodged in jail, where
be will have to remain until after tne
trial. Much sympathy is being heard for
both families. One of Mr. Milier's daugh
ters is a well known teacher at Geyser
ville and another attends the State Uni
versity at Berkeley. Both arrived to-day
before their father died.
SUIT TO PREVENT THE
DIVERSION OF A RIVER
TOPEKA, Kas., April 28.— Attorney
General Goddard left .to-day for Wash
ington and will on Monday file In the Su
preme Court an injunction suit in the
name of the State of Kansas against tho
State of Colorado to prevent the diversion
of the water of the Arkansas River from
its natural channel. For several years
past numerous irrigating companies, do
ing business under charters granted by
Colorado, have been tapping the Arkan
sas River, and the people of sixteen coun
ties in Western Kansas allege that they
are thereby deprived of water which nat
urally belongs to them and upon which
they are dependent. The suit Is brought
at the Instance of these counties and
upon the authority of Governor Stanley.
The Supreme Court will be asked to for
bid the granting of further franchises
and to enjoin the State of Colorado from
renewing those already In existence.
The estimated value of the property in
volved in the suit is J75.000.0fi0. and about
2.fa.K).000 acres of land are affected.
FLY-CASTERS COMPETE
ON STOW LAKE WATERS
The San Francisco Fly-casting Club held
its sixth Saturday contest yesterday at
Stow Lake. The weather was damp and
cold, with a strong wind blowing from the
southwest, which made it uncomfortable
for these who participated in the different
events. The attendance was rather light.
Some fair scores were made.
In the long-distance event Lovett was
first, with a cast of 118 feet: Brotherton
was second, with 115 feet: Muller third,
with 107 feet. The official table shows the
various scores in detail:
LOS ANGELES. April 28.— After elect-
Ing officers and delegates and dis
posing of other routine business the
convention of the State League of
Republican Clubs adjourned to-day.
The meeting was called to order at 10
o'clock and after the reports of commit
tees were read and adopted addresses by
Mrs Ada Dalon of San Francisco, Sena
tor Morehouee and Assemblymen Dibble
and Hubbell and Dr. Pardee were heard.
Telegrams were read from President Mc-
Kinley and other prominent Republicans.
Nominations were then called for and
D E McKinlay nominated Alden Ander
son for president and D. T. Riordan sec
onded the nomination. Anderson was
elected by acclamation. The election of
the other officers followed, practically
without opposition. The result is as fol-
Alden Anderson of Alameda, president:
Clio Lloyd of Santa Barbara, Hrst vice
president; Lenn Shaw of Santa Ana. fec
ond vice president: A. L. Llndley of Sac
ramento, secretary: Felton Taylor of Oak
land assistant secretary and treasurer.
T D Riordan of San Francisco, G. J.
Griffith of Los Angeles H. A. Melrtn of
Oakland. John Martin of "i üba. J. W£Balj
lard of Orange and Frank L. Coombs of
Napa were chosen as delegates at large.
San Jose was selected as the meeting
place of the next convention without op
position. ¦- ?
The platform adopted is as follows.
We most heartily Indorse and reaffirm our
continuation of the same across the Pacific to
our possessions in the Philippine Islands.
We favor the early construction of the Nic
aragua Canal by the Government.
We heartily favor the construction of good
roads, and urge upon the Legislature the adop
tion of such laws as will cause the speedy and
permanent construction of the same wherever
practicable.
We adopt the following language, used by
President McKinley in his Inaugural address
as the sentiment of this league on the subject
of trusts:
"The declaration of the party now restored
to power has been In the past that of opposition
to all combinations of capital, organized in
trusts or otherwise,, to control arbitrarily the
condition of trade amonc our citizens; and It
has supported it In such legislation as will pre
vent the execution of all schemes to opprees
the people by undue charges on their supplies,
or by unjust rates for the transportation of
their products to market. This purpose will be
steadily pursued by the enforcement of the
laws now in existence and the recommendation
and support of such new statutes aa may be
necessary to carry it into effect."
Republican clubs and organizations should be
requested to appoint special committees who
shall be charged with the duty of calling upon
and urging nil Republicans to Immediately
register for the coming elections, as the law
now requires that there must be an entirely new
registration In every county of the State. Un
der the primary election law primary elections
will be held in every county on the 2d of
August next for the election of delegates to
the State convention to nominate Presidential
Electors, district conventions to nominate rep
resentatives in Congress and local conventions
to nominate judicial officers and Senators li\
the odd-numbered districts and members of
the Assembly.
Every effort should be made by all Repub
lican organizations to take all necessary meas
ures to thoroughly educate the voter on the
provisions of the law. which gives him every
opportunity to exercise his choice freely for
delegates for conventions nominating candi
dates for public office.
We would most earnestly urge upon the at-
belief in and devotion to the teachings, tradi
tions and historical principles of the Republi
can party and we especially emphasize our
allegiance to the principles enunciated In the
Republican National Convention, adopted in
St. Louis in 1895.
We believe that the laboring, producing and
manufacturing interests of the l T nited States
can only be maintained by the wise and Judl
, clous enforcement of the well-tried and thor
: oughly established Republican policy of pro
tection to American labor and American in
dustry-
We earnestly and heartily endorse the wise,
able and patriotic administration of President
McKlnley and declare that the Republicans of
California unanimously favor his renomlnatlon
and re-election.
We earnestly commend the action of the Re
publican administration and the Republican
majority in Congress In providing for a civil
government In < the Island of Porto Rico, and
thus early placing the military under the ju
risdiction of the civil power, and in the course
pursued in dealing with Cnba and the Philip
pine Islands.
We heartily commend and endorse the able
and courageous administration of Governor
Henry T. Gage, and sanction his wise action
in enforcing economy and efficiency in the
management of the several public institutions
of the State, resulting in a great saving to the
public treasury and materially lightening the
burdens of taxation.
We favor the constitutional amendment, now
pending In Congress, providing for the elec
tion of United States Senators by direct vote
of the people.
We commend the action of Congress In pro
viding for laying a Pacific cable from Califor
nia to the Hawaiian Islands, and we favor the
RETIRING PRESIDENT AND NEW OFFICERS OF THE LEAGUE.
tentlon of the League of Republican Clubs as
well as upon the Republican party at large
the supreme Importance of complete organiza
tion In order that we may present a united
front to the enemy In the coming Presidential
campaign. Organization Is the key to success.
"We nave no time to lose. The first gun In the
Impending conflict haa already been fired. Ac
tion should be the watchword of every patri
otic citizen.
The district delegates selected are:
First District— C. 8. Mllnes, Eureka; E. B.
Edson. Slsklyou; John L. McNab. Mendoclno;
J. 8. Taylor, Napa. Alternates— C. H. Belden,
Santa Rosa; Joseph Prior, Marln; Kilos D.
Gardner, Tehama; C. R. Jilson, Slsklyou.
Second District— W. M. Popetrie, Sacramento;
A. I* Le\insky, San Joaquln; Charles Swlske.
El Dorado: Mr. Alexander. Calaveras. Alter
nate?—T. 11. Braky, Pacramento; A. G. Keosh,
San Joaquin; S. W. Wood, Sutter; H. S. Blood,
Calaveras.
Third District— B. D. Arnold, Berkeley; E. H.
Archer, Yolo; L.. C. Wittenmeyer, Martinez; L.
11. Kuhland. Bcnlcia. No alternates chosen.
Fourth District— William McDonald. Robert
Wllneke. Oscar Tolle, D. T. Cole, all of San
Francisco. Alternates— Colonel T. V. Eddy. J.
W. Brown. George D. Flock, Major George
Hooper, all of San Francisco.
Fifth Dlstrict-Slgr M. Bettman. San Fran
cisco; F. E. Enslp-n. A. E. Shumate. San Jose.
Alternate?— J. D. Miner. Charles L. Wltten. San
Jose; W. H. Rickard. Frank Fried, San Fran
cisco.
Sixth District— Charles S. Swain, Los Nletos*
H. J. LauKhlln. Santa Barbara; S. J. C. Spru
ance. Covlna; Robert D. Wade, Los Angeles
Alternates-C. W. Hyatt. Los Angeles; J. T.
Conner, Ventura; A. T. Currier, Spadra- Filo
J. Bevidce. Hollywood.
Seventh District— O. Z. Hubbell. A. J. Hub
bard. Frank H. Short. Tmxton Beale. Alter
nates—John Brown, William Snow, E. Nolton
C. S. McElroy.
The four alternates at large are: A. S.
Wallace. Santa Ana; Nat P. Brown. San
Luis Obispo; Ben Brooks. Humboldf
Louis O'Neal, San Jose: W. E. Dargie,
Oakland, and O. A. Hale, San Jose.
FORMAL OPENING OF
BELMONT GOLF CLUB
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. April 2S.— The formal
opening of the Belmont Go'.f Club took
place to-day at Reid's Schocl, Belmont.
The club was organized about six weeks
ago with about forty members, and such
Interest has been taken in it by the mem
bers that they will soon erect a handsome
clubhouse, plans for which have already
been submitted.
The guests of the club commenced ar
riving at Belmont on the morning trains
and were coming and going all day. One
foursome match was played on the links
this morning between R. B. Wheeler and
A. A. Peters against E. J. Boothe and J.
Kruttschnitt, resulting in a tie.
A lunch was served in the dining hall of
Reid's School at 12:30 o'clock in honor of
the occasion. Among those present were
the following: Mr. and Mrs. Reid. Mr.
and Mrs. Jerry. Miss Beatrice Bromfleld.
Miss Mildred Stern, Miss Clara Lion. Miss
Emily Stevenson. Miss Florence Bailey.
Miss Edna Hopkins. Miss Helen Hopkins.
Miss Emily Stone. Miss Ethel Woodward.
Miss Isabel Woodward. Miss Maude Hand.
Miss Marie Wells. Miss Carr. Miss Bow
man, Miss Harold. Miss Florence Cal
aghan, Miss Charlotte Evans. Miss Lola
Davis. Miss McGilvary, Miss Hattle
Thompson. Miss Chapman, Miss Carmel
lito Brittan. Miss Natalie Brittan. H.
Kruttschnitt, P. Llndley, F. H. Draker,
Frank Fogg, J. Sefton. A. Reynolds, S.
Hopkins, H. B. Muzzy. D. Seltzer. E. Al
len. G. Gunn, A. G. Gage. Mr. Cheney,
Mr. McAfee, M. B. Bowman. Mr. Carr.
Mr. Peters. B. Cartwright, Walter Mc-
Farland. Harry Woihe. Ray Wheelen. B.
Wood, S. Kelley, Ralph Brown and Don
ald Ross.
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE ELECTS
ALDEN ANDERSON PRESIDENT
To San Jose Falls the Honor
of Entertaining the Dele
gates of the State Clubs
When Next They Assemble
in Convention.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAUL., SUNDAY, APRIL. 29. 1900.
ROOT'S WORDS
DIRECTED AT
THE KAISER
Had Germany in Mind When
He Spoke of Future
Warfare.
Berlin Government Believed to Have
Its Eyes Fixed Upon Territory
In the Western Hemi
sphere.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. April 2S.—
Secretary Root's sensational declaration
at the Grant dinner last nlpht that the
American Government will scon be called
upon to forcibly uphold the Monroe doc
trine was leveled, It is said by administra
tion officials, at the Government whose
eyes are fixed upon territory In the West
ern Hemisphere— Germany.
Coming from the Secretary of War th«
statements made are regarded here a=? of
the gravest import, and occasioned con
siderable comment on the part of mem
bers of the diplomatic corps. In only one
respect may they prove injurious to the
United States. The German Emperor may
use them as a new argument, in support
of his naval bill. State Department a«l
vlces show the chances of the passage of
this measure decidedly slim, and that it
needs some external emergency to induce
the members of the Reichstag to vet? for
the enormous naval increase proposal by
the Emperor. According to a diplomat
familiar with the German people and Ger
man affairs, t'ae measure would t? over
whelmingly passed were the United States
to give an affront to the Berlin Govern
ment or to take action which might dem
onstrate the need of a stronger German
navy. But it is hoped by the administra
tion that Germany will need the warning
which the Secretary of War has so adroit
ly given. There have been many straws
which have reached the State Department
to indicate the trend of the Kaiser s am
bition with respect to the Western Hemi
sphere.
[ m| That Feeling of Exhaustion |
3 V/> is PROMPTLY CDRED BY I
* J^^^tiiipiii HUDYAN gives strength, energy, vim, vigor, because HUDYAN 8
3 bu * lds U P the ncrv °us system and gives a renewed impetus to the S
3 circulation - HUDYAN cures one and all of the following symptoms: g
5 ss^^^^^^^^^^H g# ') Headaches, Dizziness, Swimming. j§
§ (Fi 2' 2) Hollow E y es » Haggard Look, Dots before Eyes. §
t (F ' 2 " Coated Tongue, Offensive Breath. S
3 V& i^^^^^^s^^^ 4) Pain and Weakness in Back. £
3 WJ^^^^W^^M (Fig> Trembling of Limbs, Shaky Knees. O
3 '^^wMpMM Fia ' 6^ Swellin S of Ankles, Cold Extremities. s
? HUDYAN cures loss of strength, loss of appetite, a feeling of
• languor, despondency, gloomy forebodings, sediment in urine, clouded <5
r^WlS^^^ memory, general weakness, ' nervousness, sleeplessness, want of $
i* =E confidence anJ all conditions that arise as a result of a letting down v
!* =E li^M^^l^OT °^ tne nervous system. HUDYAN corrects any organic weakness, ft
A HUDYAN strengthens and stimulates to perfect activity the Heart, g
rF^^^^F^^^ 1 1^3 - ¦ Liver, Stomach, Kidneys. HUDYAN quiets nervous irritability and o
> --"¦¦" .J^f^ffi^^^i tones the entire system. 9,
h '-''"' 'll^fll^" "1 If your constitution is broken down and your system devitalized ,o
3 "gg * |§," | then you need HUDYAN. HUDYAN makes rich! red blooJ that §
i '¦ Mf V jfc~—^| nourishes every part of the system. HUDYAN restores health, and X
5 ¦¦ ' ~jjJFj Jjrv^j r^T^T 1 I»rTTF^VAISI rom your dru P? ist » S OC a pack- o
rr^7g& l| — — -j \JJCj 1 JL jOLkJ 1J jL JrLL\ age, six packages fo- 52.50. If your Q
" P"** — j druggist does not keep it send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO., $
4 Vim '"tf^ i|C^" corner Stockton, Ellis and Market streets, San Francisco, Ca!. i^
i I A*ir^^ *r^>n k /^'T'/n.r*C>T of the ud y Qn Remedy Co. may bz q
a "^ 000 1 vllv^l consulted by letter or in persor). %
3 v vssL I — -*¦ Write your symptoms. g
*¦ I SEND FOR CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS OF THE 8
The man tangled in the tape from
the ticker is the type of Uie average
business man. His business cares
wrap him about like the coils of a
constrictor and slowly crush out his
life. The common 6ign of the busi-
ness man's slavery is "weak stom-
ach," the natural consequence of the
rapid eating, the indigestible pastry,
the coffee and pie or doughnuts,
with which many a man stuffs his
stomach under the name of "quick
lunch." The quickest way back to
a strong stomach and sound health
is to use Dr. Pierce* Golden Med-
cal Discovery until perfectly cured.
It goes to the root of disease. It
removes the cause of ill-health.
It makes more blood and better
blood, and thia blood nourishes
every organ in the body to the
highest point of vigorous health.
"During the summer and fell of 1806."
•rrites Chas. H. Scrceant. Esq., of TUin
City. Madison Co.. Obit*. «i became all
' run down.' uerres were out of order, I
wrote to Dr. Pierce for advice. He 6«id I
had fcreneral <scM'.lty. and advised Doctor
Pierce* Golden Medical Lrincovery. and,
thscks to you for your advice. I used six
bottle*; and since J stopped taking it about
one vcar ago. I hare not taken any medi-
cine of any kind, and have b«m able U work
tvrry day. My appetite is rood. I caa eat
three square meals a day. end I do not feel
that miserable burning in the stomach after
rating. My blood and nerve* are in good
shape, and, I am ia good running order. »
Dr. Pierces Pellets cure biliousness.
15
NAME.
slip
is i?
** . V* *
- J*
?f v'
; rt
1
3
Event No. 3. QZ
Delicacy. » 2
> C 2! ?o
SS S£ ?i ji
•^5 "g l« 5*
YounK
Brotherton
Brooks —
Kverett ...
Muller
Lovett
Battu
Carr
Reed
i ...
. \m \ 92. s
? 115 73.8
. 91 73
. 106 89. 4
. IIV7 92.4
. 118 87.4
. 91.6 89.8
. ... 02
. 90 92
90.8 74.2 82.5
88 65.10 76.11 91
7S.S 59.2 65.11 65.3
8S 70 79
87 73.4 80.2 ....
89.3 74.2 81.11 96.2
8S 60 74 70.1
92.8 70.10 81.9 93.1
91 67.6 | 79.3 | 59.1Railway Men's Excursion.
One h&ndred railroad men will act as a
NEW OFFICERS
OFTHEEPWQRTH
LEAGUE CHOSEN
Increased Attendance at the
Pacific Grove Con
vention.
Many Interesting Beports Heard and
Santa Clara Selected as the Place
for Holding the Next
Meeting.
PACIFIC GROVE, April 28.— The second
day's work of the Epworth League con
vention opened with a greatly Increased
attendance over that of yesterday and
marked enthusiasm was visible through
out th« day. The first session was opened
at * a. m. with a brief devotional service,
after <rhlch the day's business was taken
up. Rex>orts from the various leagues
repr*s«ntfed in this convention were im
portant features of the morning and a
notable measure of growth and improve
ment in Epworth League work in the
State during the year being manifested
thereby. Reports and short talks upon
interm»-diate and Junior league work were
also prominent features of the morning
session. At the close of the morning busi
ness representatives from the Christian
Endeavor sock-ties of Monterey and Pa
cific Grove were introduced to the con
vention and accorded a hearty welcome
by th* leagues.
"in the afternoon the chairmen of the
various departments of league work—
spiritual, mercy and help, social, Oriental,
etc. — reported uj>on their work and dis
cussed the new phases, plans for future
•work and other things relative to these
departments.
The evening session, which was called
to order at 7:30 p. m., was chiefly occu
pied with a discussion upon plans and ar
rangements for the great International
Kpworth League convention to be held in
San Francisco In 1901. speeches being
made by Dr. J. N. Beard of San Fran
cisco Rev. Dr. Thomas Filben of Pacific
Grove. Hon. William H. Maste of Oak
land and other leaders in national league
work. v «
The following officers were elected for
the coming year: President. E. C. Hurl
bert of Campbell: first vice president. L.
L. Loofbourow of Palo Alto; second vice
president. Miss Lillle Smith of Pacific
Grove; third vice president. Miss Etta
Bn«-deker of Santa Cruz; fourth vice pres
ident, Mrs. Jefferson of Hollister; secre
tary. Miss lilaisdell of San Jose; treas
urer. Miss Kynett of San Francisco.
Santa Clara was selected as the place
for holding the next annual convention.
To-morrow will be devoted to religious
exercises of various kinds and the annual
eermon will be delivered by Rev. Leslie
M. Burwell of Palo Alto. The convention
will close to-morrow night with a league
consecration service.
May Day Merry-Go-Round.
To-morrow (Monday) there will be on
sale GOO pairs ladies' fine shoes, tan or
black, all sizes and styles, .for $1 95, worth
from $4 to $6 a pair; 1000 pairs misses' or
children's, same as above, for 95c, worth
$2 50 a pair. There will also be on sale 500
pairs men's Vlci Uld, French calf, patent
leather or tan, all welted, for $2 25, worth
from $4 to $6 a pair. These ¦goods came
out intact from railway collision. *'The
Standard," 1029 Market street, between
Sixth and Seventh. • •
ELKS FORM
A NEW LODGE
AT VALLEJO
Visitors From Many Cities
Present at Its Insti
tution.
Special Dispatch to The Call
VALLEJO, April 28.— Amid the glare of
red fire and strains of music, like unto
a celebration of the nation's birthday, the
delegations of K.lks were ushered into this
city this evening to bestow upon some
forty-seven Vallejoans the honor of mem
bership in the Benevolent and Protective
Order of Elks.
Preparations for this fraternal event
have progressed for the past two weeks
and the efforts of the local- lodge . have
been crowned by a glorious success, a suc
cess such as has never been equaled by
any other fraternal organization in this
vicinity, a success that should make the
members of the local lodge flush with
pride and each visitor remember with the
keenest pleasure.
Vallejo Lodge No. 559. Benevolent and
Protective Order of Elks, was Instituted
by a team from, the Oakland lodge and
the following officers installed by District
Deputy F. L. Gray of Sacramento: Frank
R. Devlin, exalted ruler: J. F. Deininger.
rsteemed leading knight; Marshall F.
Jones esteemed loyril knight; Guy Shir
ley esteemed lecturing knight; J. R,
Whitaker. secretary; G. 11. Oakley, treas
urer; J. G. Nevins, tyier; C. E. Turner,
B. E. Wilson, J. B. McCauley, trustees.
SAN RAFAEL, April 28.— Miss Jose
phine Dufflcy of San Rafael and Wil
liam P. Barry of Honolulu were
united in marriage at St. Raphael's
Church here this morning.
The ceremony was a very quiet one,
only the most Intimate friends and rela
tives of the family being present. Dr.
George Dufllcy, brother of the bride, gave
Miss Dufflcy away, and the knot waa tied
by the Rev. Father Hugh Lagan.
Miss Dufflcy is a graduate of the Do-
I^ove speaks through the eyes; the lips
are otherwise engaged.
train committee on the big excursion to
be run May 1 by the Railway Employes 1
Association of California to Sunset Park,
in the Santa Cruz Mountains, so the ex
cursionists are certain to be properly
taken care of. The picnickers will leave
on the £:45 a. m. narrow gauge boat.
Belgian Hare Club Meeting.
The second meeting of the Belgian Hare
Club, recently organized, will be held to
morrow evening at Excelsion Hall, 102
O'Farrell street. All interested partien
ere cordially invited to attend.
WEDS AT MOTHER'S BEDSIDE.
NEW YORK, April 2S.— At the bedside
of her mother, who Is recovering from a
serious Illness, Miss Margaret Townsend.
th«> youngest daughter of the late John D.
Townsend, formerly a well-known lawyer
of this city, was quietly married yester
day at her home in this city to Signor
Giovanni Tagllapietra. for many years one
of the most celebrated barytones ln oper
atic circles.
During the last ten years Tagllapjetra
has done little public singing, but has
The first delegation to arrive was the
Sacramento contingent, which waa met
at the depot by a band and. a delegation
of local Elks, marshaled by Dr. J. J. Arm
strong.
The delegations from Oakland. San
Francisco and San Jose were met at 8:30
by a similar escort, which conducted them
to San Pablo Hall, where the ceremonies
took place.
The reception committee was composed
of the following gentlemen: T. J. Aspln
all, J. J. Armstrong (marshal), Marshall
F. Jones.
After the ceremonies of institution the
new lodge and its guests adjourned to
Farragut Theater, where a most elaborate
banquet had been spread by Colonel
Adolph Huber under the direction of the
following banquet committee: J. H. Con
nolly (chairman), J. G. Nevins, Guy Shir
ley. ./
The representatives from the San Fran
cisco and local press were the only guests
outside the order.
• The charter members of the new lodge
nre: J. G. Nevins, Frank R. Devlin, C.
E. Turner, W. A. Kirkland, S. J. Mc-
KniKht. J. B. McCauley. C. A. Devlin. P.
E. Pond. N. B. Guffy. O. S. Cooper, H. J.
Aden. J. A. Bruce. C. H. Warford. R. E.
Doyle. G. G. Halliday, J. F. Deininger. A.
J. Buckles. J. A. Keys. J. E. Brownlie. M.
H. Peck, J; R. Whitaker. J. E. Lowney,
E. McGettigan Jr.. Carl Siebrand, Joseph
Feaeter Jr., Marshall F. Jones, T. J.
Aspenall. J. H. Connolly. J. A. Browne,
Guy Shirley, R. J. R. Aden, Steve St.
John. \V. A. Jones. G. E. Bangle, J. H.
Rhorer. J. J. Luchsinper, J. J. McDonald,
N. E. Hanseh. W. G. Downing. S. E. Wil
son, J. J. Armstrong. G. H. Oakley, Paul
Boteler, J. J. Pflster. William J. O'Don
nell. E. P. Hilborn, IL F. Stahl.
mlnlcan Convent of San Rafael, and Is
the daughter of Judge and Mrs. M. C.
Dufflcy, and claims Lady "Woolaey as her
cousin.
Immediately after the ceremony the
young couple left for a tour through the
southern part of the State, after which
they will sail on the America Maru for
the bridegroom's Island home. Mr. Bar
ry Is a grandson of the late Judge Barry
of San Francisco, and is a prominent fig
ure in the Honolulu and San Francisco
business field.
ADVERTISEMENT^ ' _^^ iSSS
! SPRING DRESS GOODS AT LESS THAN |
~t 11 1 1 M!O t W«'v» been watching for a rood opportunity to give you something very re- BOXE CASINO-9-yara A
& NllN niarkable ln DRESS FABRICS. The time Is ripe, and here are the goods. AT A Pieces, black and col-
*. null w GREAT SACRIFICE to a leading wholesale house, the largest deal ever comnim- brush "skirt BIND- *T
TJ l/CII IMP mated h*e Just been terminated by us. We became the purchasers of their entire inG . AND CORDU- 5
I LlLlnUi surplus stock cf Spring Dress Goods, acgregating over GOOO yards of FABRICS ROT BINDING- All *J
OF UNQUESTIONED EXCELLENCE that were manufactured for this Spring. col 0 "---;"^-*** 5 yaM U
*"* 8 Yard (OF the w « Propose to giv« you the benefit of this tremendous purchase, and offer them, HOOKS AND Eit-a- «j»
Crt A 7«! commencing to-morrow, and on sale all week, at, your choice, DRESS BHIELDS-The <£
* Quality Rfints a Yarrl. h H: :^i o T3 I
£ w , i, v anuiv JU UulllO U lUlli' N^l£gf *Eu£f* *
Ur'Mbrtc^^ran?^ POSmTELT WORTH ?1.00. ?U5 and ?1.80 TARD. tfon.. I ." .^.".lOc "pitr **
? srtrl»- W i? : tJj2e tMty The Dre«e GooAa on sale represent the following favorite weaves produced for AMIsiLK""LINING— &*
•4* SSinS: Pl-k L^l- 1900 • SCOTCH H(™IESPUNS. ENGLISH REDFERNS. SILK AND WOOL MIXED The popular Lining
** on"c- N ? i'le Tan sTar- NOVELTIES WOOL ETAMINES In pa«=tel colorings and many others. This is the of to-day We carry A
J£t let. Cardinal Shrimp b*n Dress Goods offer ever presented, and patrons wishing to chooee from complete all the shades. Ask *
Pink. Castor and Black. assortments should come early. to »cc it
f $1.00 SERGE FOR 57c. $1.25 ALPACAS FOR ' 63c. . $
T* recommend for gooi'veSn In colorf of Navy. Brown, New Blue. worth regularly 11.25: but we bought them cheap and we desire ->
JL Red Green Ta£ IMn le £^nd Black. our customers to get the benefit. ?£
*? CII V IinDCCU ilifi VACfI Only for Mcnrtay. The best qual- AKJI 9R PIFP.FS Brilliant Black Figured Alpacas, so popular
Z- SILK MDRLLN 4zC TAnU. uvbolJ by all stores at 50c yard. ALOU /3 rILULd now for Shirt Waists and Skirts; in hand- *J»
T Vot Mnu('»T> fpocial celling a saving of fc on every yard. In some and etyllih designs that you can appreciate only when you
* Ss®sS®^®a&£^: Tur " %
* BLACK EXQUISITE SILK FOULARDS. BLACK
"*^ <CATIM niIRHFSSF rtock"was '*e\'er n so exttnKUc-^Uemti 'more varied, desists and DCAII fiP QdlC +^
jt OMIIII UUUHLOOLi coloT comb inations more elaborate— than at the preoent time. rCMU UL OUILi
~ A JianHwrif rich auali^V Our Prices, too. sa moderate, for here only you can choose from /?
_^ A handsome, ncnquan-5 . Spring's favorite and moft exclusive designs, and of T « .. . *. tT
yen' commendable for t he very best grade, priced at 75c. sr>c and fi.oo a yard. IHe kind you pay $1.25 -.
£? dress purposes, 27 inches $1.25 CREPE DE CHI WES A T SBc YA^D for. Special at 92c yard V
f. wide, special at Just received a new shipment of the dainty and soft Imported A soft and lustrous make. *y
._ „ . Crer* <3e Chines, a most beautiful Silk for an evening gown: ln ... j * 3
II Qfip a Yard *xcuiEite colorings of Cardinal. Light Blue, Pink. Old Roee, very durable, made by a &
4* Gray. Pearl. VloM. White. Cream and Black. Our special price, . _, nt ,r-- f ,,_- r 2
Good value at $1.25;. «Sc. Regular value ji.25. noted manufacturer.
% A SPECIAL OFFERING IN HOUSEFURNISHINGS. $
*^ These cuotatlonti are consHerably l^cs than the present prevailing prices. If you haven't already made up a list of your needs for a*
J£f town or country residences for the coming season, do to at once, for there is a saving ln every item: . T^
1 Sheets and E %^ h^?n% of a n a d hh w a^ ! Glass Toweling 9c a Yard. &£? o ft». White Pique 17c Yard. Ss*&%J5S: *
*^ Dlllnui Popdc «n<i"wear equal t" linen. I Toweling. In checks of blue and red; regu- A special purchase at special prices. A
jt nilL'W UCbtO. xbej are hand-torn and lar value 15c. heavy quality, in plain and fancy cords; *$p
<P laundered, ready for use. ilAr* TARD— IS-lnch Barnsly heavy well worth 25c. ~
4* inr' EACH-1 00 -ior-en Hemstitched Pil- j lUt Linen Crash; a splendid wearing ll orror | 7Ot l Cniilarf'c Ofip Yarrf Wean- ~
«^ lOC ion- Cases; <:x36; good value at 2ic. ; Quality; nrular value 15c. MBrCcNZcU iCUIsr S .lUC TalUi tlclpat- A
Jtt Special. IC»c. ! Tawqlq ffO Dn7Pn Hand-loom All-Linen ed a big demand for them and bought ac- ??
*? m + K^rH— CO dcien Hemmed Pillow • IUnCiO Ol UU.CII. Huck Towels; soft fin- conlingly. A large variety, newest color- M>
Jt. 14C Cases; 4ix384; good value at 10c; j igh; regular value $:.. r ,O doien. inj?s and the choicest designs are here for Or
*^ Special, 14c' * Wn.ei DOZEN— Hemstitched All Linen your inspection.
I*7/^ EAOI— SO dozen Hemmed Pillow ;O <£ Huck Tnv.els; German make; In «..•,„« ... ,, IIIP , . >•
*^ I< C rases, WxSSH; good value at 22c. White and Red Borders; regular value «.M OUTING FLANNELS ???
spedai^o^ SHEETS< | Napjins $1.85 Dozen. g-gSjJS SPECIAL FOR MONDW.
% HEMMED. ' HEMSTITCHED. |
*; 4.%0 earh 63x90 »4e each , «JO Gerrr.an Narklns; In many taste- cha3ed rerr esents two styles-light colors, it
JLt r.2c each 72x90 «?!«• each I f u ] designs: a grand Napkin for the money ln Dretty str !pes and checks, suitable for •*
C? {!«?<• earh Slx9o «>•<• «"ach and easily worth $4.50 a dozen. Gowns, etc. and dark ones, ln choice Per- JJL
JCI «Oe each SK'x&O «.»c eacn t.li. I !«,„« *Qn V*rA 70-inch Bleached sian effects and other pretty designs, par- T»
~ - P p«.»i %#AI lIC lfl9lß UUSIIS HO'j IdlU. Table Damask; ticularly well adapted for Wrappers. All /*
JKt. Sr£C:Al. VALUfc. ,j n choice designs; a heavy quality; worth go on sale at *^
£t BedSprß'dS. Honeycomb V^eads.^ heavy QQ r TARD-72-inch Pure Linen Bleach- R G G fltS Yflflj.
Zl cuahty- ln beautiful patterns; already OOt ed Table Damask: extra fine qual- {*
•& hemmed Sr>ecial at !<l.ir» each. ! Ity; in several beautiful designs; worth $1.23 Regular value 10c and l2'-»e. *y
* MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. LACES AND EMBROIDERIES, *
Sj Our ecring stock has been selected with QQ/> EACH— Ladies' Gown«; made of We secured a limited quantity of ex- ly
*^ unusual care, and ln it you will find the t/OW best quality MuKlin; full length: tremely beautiful Point de Venice All- !Z
j^, heft materials, good workmanship and the embroidery trimmej and new hemstitched Oven and new effects In exquisite Em- •]&
tf latest Etyles ar.d makes, at very low prices. effects; rezular value $1.25. , broideries. »nd will offer you in consequence
| mjg^as£B#M ww awiji!., ;h^*HS roiFotraiireHuwEas 98. v $
T* Ppecial at we. broidery and specially priced at Kic to WORTH 91. .%0.
•&• AG.C PAlR— Ladies' Drawers; made of JJ7.30 each. SOO yards Embroideries: handsome '^F
C T-OW pood stanrtard Muslin; lace trim- _... . — .__ stylf.s; patterns made for thlß season; from ii
*?£ Emched flounce; a Kreat bar - RIBBON OPPORTUNITIES. IS i^BSS&£Lf2Z& B sTr *
AQ = r EAOH- Ladles' Corset Covers; FOR MONDAY'S SELLING. T, N^Tc Au"-^ ' *
£ ZOC made of fine Cambric; trimmed LINI -C SAVifyCS. l!
with Valenciennes Lace. Special at 2Sc Best quality Black \ elvet Ribbon. Linen lnches ISc't^ *?
~ each- bac "; „„ nfill Ulgin. grade, at Tard I<C 1>
f Coiert Skirts 95c Each. i^pJVf] H &gMBz Sl\\l B& Taffata, Mcire Njar-Si;* ftSftSSfts *
made of cottcn covert cloth and finished ln *°- * c r " ece or 10 Jaras Ol, Ul | n | n , all fashionable *T
tlie la'tst box-platted fashion, with a broad No. 5 A!l-Si!k. Satin-Back. Velvet Ribbon; oiUH wlllWlg. colors; actually «•
¦V hem- extra width and length; leading the very best grade; worth 15c. I />/-» j worth 25c We bought a big quan-- SO/— fS*
*^ Fhades: worth f 1.25. Special at Yard IV^ ' tity; therefore only Yard IZt ;*
"2^ Ccontry Ordert B?e«iT« Conntry Order* Eeeelr*
PRETTY WEDDINC
AT SAN RAFAEL
Miss Josephine Dufficy Becomes the
Bride of William P. Barry.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
GRIDIRON CLUB
IN A PARODY
ON POLITICS
¦ ?
Washington Correspondents
Hold a National
Convention.
Nominate McKinley and Bryan and
Drop Dewey Into the "Hole
. iii the Bottom of
the Sea."
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The Gridiron
Club had a national convention to-night,
and the Washington correspondents com
posing that organization scored a "beat"
on the parties which will nominate candi
dates for the Presidency.
There was general satire In the state
ment of President West that all details,
such as the selection of temporary and
permanent officers, appointment of com
mlttees, etc., had all been arranged be
forehand. . „„
"What kind of a convention Is this?
asked a member of the club.
"A convention on the Philadelphia
plan," was the reply. "The delegates have
nothing to do but to furnish the enthu
siasm.
This seemed, however, to be perfectly
satisfactory, for then and there appeared
the Gridiron Marching Club, carrying red
white and blue campaign umbrellas and
wearing linen dusters. After repeating,
like a college yell, the fact that they were
friends of McKlnley, the club marched out
and immediately reappeared, shouting
with equal enthusiasm for Bryan. The
"marching club" was preceded by two
musicians playing a fife and drum in true
campaign style.
"Collapse of the Platform."
The latest member of the club, Henry
G. Kemp of the Baltimore Sun, was in
troduced as the club's hero, and entered
wearing an admiral's uniform. After he
had been presented a wreath, a sword and
other trifles, he mounted a platform, re
turned his thanks, accepted the nomina
tion and declared himself the people's can
didate. At that moment his platform
collapsed and the choir sang, with lugu
brious voice, "There's a" Hole In the Bot
tom of the Sea."
The April dinner of the club was based
on the convention Idea. Over the doors to
the banquet hall were the words "Gridiron
Convention," and everything that followed
was on the national convention order in
gridiron style.
The idea of a convention was carried
out in the elaborate decorations. The
paneled oak ceiling and the mirrored walls
of the banquet-room were swathed in
flags and bunting, while at Intervals along
the tables were staffs and banners bear
ing the names and coats of arms of the
States. The resemblance of a convention
hall was complete. The floral display was
also very fine. There was a delicious fra
grance of spring blossoms in the room, as
well as a glory of color to delight the eyes.
Amid so much bunting and floral effect
a few plainly printed placards, bearing
more or less flippant but appropriate le
gends, were conspicuous. "Admiral
Dewey's Headquarters, Parlor 131, Hanna,
Quay and Reform," etc.
The menu souvenirs were fac-similes of
convention tickets, being handsome and
unique, and were brought in by two
"sound delegates," who were alleged to
have been trying to sell them on the out
side.
Nominate Themselves.
There was a platform, of course. It was
a Jumble of nonsensical phrases, patterned
after the usual extravagant declarations
of political conventions, but it was not
adopted, a substitute being adopted in the
shape of a gridiron platform, made of lit
tle planks. Governor Roosevelt was im
personated as a Rough Rider with great
success.
The speeches were excellent, one of the
novelties about them being the nomination
by some of the principal speakers of them
selves.
Among the guests who spoke were ex-
Senator Gorman. Senators Allison, Depew.
Carter and Hanna and Representatives
Allen and Dalzell.
The guests Included Secretary of State
Hay. Secretary Long of the navy. Secre
tary of the Interior Hitchcock, Postmas
ter General Smith, M. D. Provand. M. P.;
Colonel J. L. Torrey of Wyoming, Thomas
F Walsh of Colorado. Hugh C. Wallace
of Tacoma. W?sh., and many Senators
and Representatives and others prominent
in olflcfal life. _^_
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, - 1900.
I Let the bi^
I store make
1 an estimate
I on your . ;
I Alaskan outfit.
I tood* clothing j
I and utensils. ;
•3 Everything
I under one roof. •.
I Goods properly i
I packed and del- j
I ivered on time, j
S iiS EMPpKIUfti f
&P tiokten Ifcule Bazaar. f*V'
CASH oi^CREDIT.
Furniture, Carpets, Mattings,
ETC.
BIG REDUCTIONS IN ALL LINES-
It will pay you to Inspect our stock
and prices.
Estimates given on comslete house
furnishing.
Goods delivered free within 100 miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
NKAR POWELL.
Open Evenings.
Avisit OR- JORDAN'S great {)
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A Ch i:sinA222r:r.6at.e±irti,s.f.ca.^
T Wr*' The Lareest Anatomical Mncnn m ihp \
A - . L jjft-j,i Wotid Wutnc. .«» or any contracted A
V Sj,~~ £Zb disease pe«ltl»rly nr«d r>y the oldsit T
j5 |ssV3i fcpeciiliitcu the (.out. E.Ljiyui- 9
$ a'&&K 08. JO3DAN-PRIYATE DISEASES 4
V ff£B^^%n Co.nul'ition free and T.n •.'¦y private \
A B jSSf rl Trt itment personally nr by letter. A M
V a nr H Pot.tna Curt In every case unusrtakea. T
ar // \\ tS> Write for Book - rniLOKOPav « » A
r¦ a j T » HiliaUGE, MAILED FRU. "AT
X /» J!. valuable book for turn; \
f DB. JOBDASiACO. 1061 Market St.. a F ¥
LESLIE C. HURST
Will find It greatly to hia Interest to
write to E. W. MORANCY. admin-
istrator of F. K. HURST, deceased.
Versailles. Kentucky, or to ANDRKW
THORNE. MILLS BUILDING. San
Francisco, Cal.
Any one knowing him to be alive slnrp
ISS9, or knowing him to be dead, kindly
notify the above.
riven h!s attention chiefly to private mnsi
cales and individual instruction.
Mrs. Tagliapietra is a writer of plays.
She wrote "Cherry Diamonds. " "A Mo«ir
era St. Anthony" and "A Stag: at Bay."
The fire of the eye, the magnetic charm, flow from that vital principle— elec- \ N. mm v^^^^L fHI
tricity. How sublime it is to face the world with sound health and energy \ x.^^^^^^^ Kfjp
so as to abstract all that Is worth living for! 1 say to YOU WHO SUFFER - \^ /s7& /\s^/^ lmr
PAIN, WHO ARE UNABLE TO KEEP UP YOUR WORK, WHO ARE BROKEN Yf/^// f ) ]K\ Wk
DOWN BY DISEASE, BY RHEUMATISM, KIDNEY TROUBLE, DYSPEPSIA or other SVr^ I rA I I Mil H
serious ailment, I CAN CURE YOU. I CAN RESTORE YOUR VITALITY, I CAN LIFT Ovi V\ lb ' s*»W W/£k :\\ Hi
YOU FROM THE BONDAGE OF SUFFERING. Electricity is the greatest servant of oV^^^U/wfAjTi^J j §S
man. My method of curing disease by that power is a triumph of medical treatment. A\y V $Sm
OR IMBI HH Ift FIFPIRtP PFIT Z^^M^^^^^f^^M
uth KbiKltnLlli o ttLUnlu eILI V Hi
is the grandest invi£orator* for man or woman. Half the world is run down by suffering y -j^^^f\)/\ mh
or debility. To conquer this condition has been the effort of centuries. New discoveries //^ 7"/-£^'7 "/-£^' W^\\ TF WA \
sweep away those of the past. Electricity supersedes them ail The remedy which /)£^ /^&m \ wk MpiwvH
works with nature is the best. Where this harmony doesn't exist there can be no cure. tew A $* x m
That is why drugs fail. That is why my famous Belt succeeds. It soothes away your \^f /| *&<= U v^ Slmm
pain and endows you with strength. It sends its thrill of life through your system, filling you with vigor and courage. This is
the Belt which has been welcomed by thousands whose pains it has driven out. It is the helping hand which lifts you up and
away from the weakness that kills. It gives you 6tamina to go through your .-
work and live as nature meant you to live. read these proofs.
__ __ _ _. , ..... - •' 1 > ... -** a _^._m«1 A 4-**. • Tour Belt has cured the trouble In my back. Two applications of your famous Eelt en-
aPFPI AI irritating electrodes with my Rclt. It is easy and comtortaDie to The varicocei c i 3i 3 be« e r. u re iy cu«d ™of lu c m^ l .^ ac
01 LUIHL| use. You feel its healing current in the nerves; arid the blood, and i£'fc 1 2££ T oiL S SI £* Ro8 * su * £*** al
this casts out impurities that cause pain. Come and see my way of applying Four Years* Rheumatism.
it, or write for my book, finely engraved, free .DR. DR - M - *• ¦Mei^uoHUN-DeM"ir? a f l 2Jfff«d '«£ feii^Th.
7 :,. v T V *• T *»%*f •¦ k pains ln the muscles were so severe I could not raise my hands above my head Three
- ¦ ' - r'^'i.' • . _ _ ».,,„.«-*— ' weeks 1 use of your Electric Belt Treatment greatly relieved me and to-day lam entirety
HR M A MPT ATTfIHT TN 702 MARKET STREET, COR.KEARNY, SAN FRANCISCO. -ystem of «.«,r,^ %£&*,**
ULXm 11L* X1l« I!JLV/J-4iri.U VJIJLJLJJLIX 9 And Burdlok Block, Cor. Spring and Second Sts,, Los Anffeles. ; : ; :.;-,
16Bedroom Sot— n^^fx*^^-* sCT^T^r .
Handsome golden -oak ©H^**£s2Sel ' ' JM&&ssh)
finish, with 24x3 ) inch \*HHIII :W **M$
French pattern' plate '" ' ' "-Z^?X^: "j| *£^ J>'\\\
mirror, 3 pieces, worth : :3&o&— s{_';%¦ jfis}\
?30.00, sale-price...::... . . ¦ -rrCfesf^g^ m^^^ "4 1
$20.00 j[_ 'r.^^j; flss£y^
Bat/room Set— \ " "^^ r»fßar I .U xtiyn _¦¦ -
Solid golden oak, with "^^3^
24x33 inch French plaU '—^^lT*^V^ff_ " —
. mirror, beveled and pat- — «fcjg-,Sy: J& &
' terned exactly -as. In g^s" 11 " gj
picture; the 3 pieces U^T ' , ,
complete for.s23 75 uf^~ "fr
Ohitfonlor— Solid golden oak, with French plate mirror. 5
large drawers, worth $15.0.), sale price ..$9,75
Brussels Carpets, 4Oc Yard.
RBVBPSibIo Brussels Carpets— 27 inches wide;
new, pretty patterns— at the extraordinary price, per jd.400
Wilton VoiVGts— Rich, lustrous carpets with borders to
m*tch — par yard 880
Smith's Axmtnsters— Styles and colors suitable for
most expensively furnished parlors, borders to mateh — per
yard »&Oo
Lowoll Body Brussolu— Best wearing carpet mtde —
per yard.... • $m*Os
Linoleum— Matting— Rugs*
Our Linoleums are guaranteed the pura cloth fabric — the only
kind worth buying. -We sell you the best quality, for much less
than you would expect to pay for the nondescript grades.
Inlaid Linoleum Sold everywhere at $1.65 per square
yard... $1*25
Good Lino' Bum — 4 yards wide; will cover your room
in one piece;' worth 80c per square yard. BSo
Heavy China Matting— -Imported this season, 1 yard
wide— per yard.... ; 100
Llnon Warp Matting in a fine lot of new patterns —
checks, stripes, bars, obiongs, octagons and the like— per
yard .••.. 200
Axntlnster Rugs — 27x60 inches — Persian, F.oral and
Turkish patterns; regularly j3.oo— sale price $2mOO
Hindoo Rugs— With wool fringe, 18x36 inches, 4O i ;
27x6>) inches, 600 f 36x72 inches $1.25
nes. Camp chairs, stools, wire and canvxs cots, etc.,
. ¦ Rear Half of Second Floor.
CALIFORNIA'S LARQESf --AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE
Oookatoos
Remain
Another
W3Qk.
Bring th» childr
to see these,
remarkable birds
Standard
Dictionary*
95.40
Sale continues.
regular price $12.75;
400 left at |5.40.
Dining Chairs— Solid golden oak
with brace arms, 16-inch seat, 'fancy
turn spindles, exactly as in picture,
tach :.. ..:.........:800
ISlli! 7/ Oining Chairs— Box seat,. solid
HIS!! / golden oak, high back, richly polished.
f! lllflll f\j worth $8.00, sale prica.V. $5.90
lj^ m Jkjl Extension Table— Solid go. den
Jh oa ' c > extends 6 feet, ha 3 fancy twi3ted
"y^J^^^z^n ' ce S 8 an( l heavy stretchers, neatly
r^gifji «^ I carvei, worth $10, sale pricQ.sGm2tS
r^-aSS 5? Extension Ta bio -Golden quar-
L~-«B , mi _ tor-sawed o*k, with masaire twisted
Y^ |_J-Z- Jm- legs, finely made and highly polished,
I U^*" extends 8 feet, . worth $U2.50, sale
•i 'J^ii price .....$l4-m7 5
u "~^ vK^ Sideboard— BoM golden oak, 14x
24 inch French bevel plate mirror, half swelled front, neatly
carved, highly polished, has lined drawer for silver ware, a
beauty, worth $20.00, sale price ..$13.75
OMna O/osof-*Hapdsome golden oak, with French plate
mirror top, one of our new spring patterns, worth $25.00, sale
price $16*75
Feathor PJHo vra— Good size, well filled, pair $1.00
Child's Orib -Solid oak, with 2-ply wire mattress, size 2Jx
5 feet, worth $6.00, sale price.. ......$4*73
Damn Oots— Covered in colored canvas, can be folded up
small and curried under the arm; worth $4, sale price. &2j5Q
Gfoeiionlon— With 18x28 inch French plate mirror, solid
goidea oak, large roomy drawers, worth $22.50, sale price. ,SIB
DnoaßOfa — Golden oak finish, with French plate mirror. 3
large drawers, worth $15, sale price..... JBO.OO
Dresser — Quarter-sawed go den oak, full swell front, 24x
30 inches, French pattern plate mirror, beautifully carved
piano polish, worth $33.00, sale price....... ..$20.00
Enamolod Bed— With brass trimmings, ' handsome scroll
pattern, heavy malleable iron,; well enameled, worth $7.00,
sale price #4*50
Parlor Sot— 3 pretty pieces, mahogany finished frames, up-
holstered in a variety of charming patterns in velours, brooa-
telles and damasks, worth $22.50, sale price $13*73
Parlor 7ah>O— Solid oak, turned legs, shelf below, size of
top 24x24 inches; regularly $2.0 J, sal* pries-. ....sl*2s
*AB sorts of furniture j or camp and summer tic
etc., all at low prices.
Annual -Event ftegins Monday.
There has been a large advance in the wholesale cost of everything in the House Furnishing line ;
but forehanded buying when Furniture and Carpet prices were low enables us to offer a list of special
value 3 which will mean a largo saving to every purchaser of Household Supplies during thi3
sale. Orders for advertised items will positively be filled. We have quantities of each article that should
in all reason last through- the coming week. -¦ . {-g;
BAIN IN THE SOUTH.
"Will Be of Benefit to Late Barley and
Wheat.
LOS ANGELES, April 28.— Although
there was only a sprinkle In Los Angeles,
ye«terday's rain storm was heavy and
general in other parts of Southern Cali
fornia. In come Instances there was
heavy thunder and lightning.
Snow fell at Tehachapi and also at Mo
rieta. a station on the Redondo railroad,
in this county, but nu-ked almost imme
diately. At Ful'.erton the rainfall was
1.25 inches.
At Anaheim two inches of hail fell north
of the town, and during the storm an inch
of rain fell in lees than an hour, the heav
iest jirecipitation in years.
At San Bernardino there was a heavy
downpour, and at Riverside a quarter of.
en inch fell In !e?s than a half-hour.
At Santa Anita the Ftorm lasted an hour
ersd a quarter, and late barley and wheat
will be materially brnc-fiu-d. A consider
able Quantity of cut hay was more or less
damaged.
JAIL BREAK PLANNED.
Fire Saws Smuggled Into the Prison
at Seattle.
SEATTLE, April 2S.— A daring: conspir
acy to liberate forty prisoners at the
County Jail was unearthed this morning.
Among the prisoners is John Collins, who
•was arrested at San Francisco recently
on a charge of robbing the First National
Eank of this city of $5000 in broad day
light.
Colline was at the head of the conspir
acy. A friend emugpled five saws to him
and he distributed them to friends in the
north tank. A woman yesterday brought
a letter to Collins, which was examined
by the officials and led to the discovery.
The saws were found in Collins cell this
morning, and he was put in solitary con
finement. He wa* Just about to start to
file his way out when the discovery was
WAINWBIGHT CASE ENDED.
Court Decides That Dorothy May Re
main "With Her Grandfather.
Special .Dispatch to Th» Call.
BAN RAFAEL, April 28.— The end of the
fight over little Dorothy "Wainwriglit of
Sausallto was reached to-day, when Supe
rior Judge AngeUotti dismissed the habeas
corpus proceedings instituted by the
child's uncle Harry Wainwright. tb pain
possession of his neiee, who. he claimed,
wa* being deprived of her liberty by her
grandfather, Theodore Van Tassel of Sau
sallto.
The custody of the child was awarded
by Judge Troutt of San Francisco to Van
Tassel, and the writ was dismissed to-day
at the rtipulation of both parties and
papers of adoption Issued to Van Tassel.
Adelaide Mine Sold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PASO ROBLES, April 28.— Adolph Klau
ha* closed negotiations whereby the Ade
laide quicksilver mine was Bold for 550.000
to the Karl Klau Quicksilver Mining Com
pany. The mine has !>oen a paying prop
erty for come time and was owned by A.
Dubost. It will now be operated on a
larf?r Fcale. Karl Klau was formerly a
wholesale merchant of San Francisco.
Indian Uprising Feared.
SEATTLE, April 28.— Residents of
Halncs Mission, eighteen miles below
Skaruay, on the Lynn canal, have made
an appeal to the army officer* at fikaguay
fsr troops to protect them against an an
ticipated Indian uprißing. The trouble is
over the imprisonment of Indians arrest
ed for the Ilorton murder last fall.
Silver N©relties33«r
Special Sale Monday—
Another, come-in-a-hurry sale in the silverware Department.
A cp Q cial purchase from n reliable manufacturer of Sterling
Silver Novelties, about 500 pieces confeißting of
Nail Files Button Hooks Paper Cutters
Nail Brushes Rolled Blotters Shoe Horns
Tooth Brushes Ebony Darners Hair Curlers
Pretty Table Bells. .
The handles are in exact patterns shown in illustration, 8J
i inches long and made of 925-1000 fine sterling silver.
The special price for Monday only, while *»O e
quantity lasts, each • •H»»
Jewelry Section— Rotunda. .
Photo Special
410. Celeron Panels #&.
MM'))! 'l Wfl///////}//} VA • Celeron Panels are the long narrow
¥li//W///W/m//M ¦ klnd now bo p°p alar - For ° ne wesk
Wlli!''''-"-' '!'! fi; m^' b e g intlin i Monday, April 30, the
ifliluil ~ ®fs*\ 'fffffi' store will make two sizes of these
'mill slag!.' CTl.'" Celei ' <>n Panel : P^^fi^P 118 in the yerT
'I iil i m MWmmb eßt manner possible at just one-
'ln i w< SiMK na/f regular prices* This
if 111 l lp Hk. too^ offer is made with the sole object of
! 111 l w) V^ fsK still furtner introducing our perfectly
Will (li\ equipped Photograph Gallery.
¥//i , |SS# -»» WeekOnly-l dozen finest
//////' IWi Celeron Panel PictureP, SJxISJ
//// Ilw inches, finished in carbon on Melton
w/Ji!WW\w sS \W> face mounts thafc are diX nn
Wifk »' lJ S^ regularly $10 doien for &O*UU
i^flli One W~ck Only-l dozen finest
\\V\WRI Celeron Panels, 4xBi inches, finished
in carbon on Melton <£a c~ff%
face mounts that are regularly $5 a dozen for.
Photograph Gallery— Second Floor.
Monday and Tuesday—
So many demands upon our newspaper spaoe that only a few
pf our very low grocery prices can be published at a tima.
Ask the clerk from whom you order to send you one of our
monthly grocery price list?. These extra reductions for two
days only.
Coffee — Emporium best Mocha and Java, 1b... 29c
Cheese— Beat California full cream, lb 100
Soap - Emporium Savon, no better laundry soap made. 7
bars 25c
Crackers- Fresh Soda, £ boxes 40c
Sardines— lmp rted, packed in good oil, 3 tins 2So
Bacon — Best Eistern, lb t3hc
Oysters— Freah Cove, 3 tins 250
Tomatoes- Best peeled, galloi tins 18c
Tlu Tomatoes ptr do{en, $2.15.
Soitps — Campbell's assorted, S tins 250
Main Floor — Rear.
Telescopes, m'th Straps—-
'¦ . Here's a big special offering, on
• flffsSg^""^^ Monday only for picnickers,
r^j!?? ' |f? J^~J § commuters, In fact anybody that
/^<^>j£l£s2=«£ needs a Telescope Basket. These
/YMk { {; f'Tpffi^X"^] are we^ ma( le Baskets, every one of
ffiira^J iz y^=^ '_' jjl> *^ em P rov '^ 9^ w '*k a P a *ent steel
r»'.'''*^Ssaja^fflfel2v^ handled shawl strap that does not
["•''"^ ''';fe~£ p^~ I -S have to be buckled; four Bizes at one-
|rr£/'g?=*y Jiy third 1 ess than regular values —
• f r:T l 13 jncheß long 22c
14 inches long.. 26c
15 inchfs long 30c 16 inches long 34c
Above prices include the strap.
Basket Department— Second Floor.
Wash Neckwear
The ZS-t kind for 12*
' We start the wash neok-
ff $^&-& wear eeason by remark-
cL^ A&r^%3^ a^ e not-to-be-reapeated
<G i&>*u ' fif^ '¦^liib offering for Monday only,
V f* t/ VsB** **"* >S* 125 dozen white lawn or
\ id *•* pique Puff Scarfs, various
V—-Y-dV — -Y-d / (s^L^ shapes and styles for
"•N^ill' ladies or men, new bright
•f*^\7^ W j^r^vra^ stock jaet received for
P<T e J*' f'l ir<^7 \ v^S summer or evening wear,
f'lK' /* '•*'!« ~l^k \ £$< would cost regularly at
*him/ '-Ml \ffi> leßBt 25 ° each> Mf >n-
!«•/' " / "V" W \ wJ day only «o«
{ iC 'A' * ? Sf>w \ m&%*
W\>/ Bargain Table—
* u ' v *i Main Aisle.
Monday and 7ite<sdqy-
Sautcr fie— Five years old, regular 75c gallon quality
520
Lichlg's Ms.lt Extract— The genuine, regularly
£2.25 per dozen, while our present supply lasts $1.79
Ginger Ale— 2oo bottles of the good quality, while sup-
ply ast", dcz?n SQo
Bourhan Whiskey—Gums' Old Private Stock, Spring
" 1888," 100 proof, full quart bottles, that are regularly
! $1.75, on Monday and Tuesday $I.Q®
!ZS> *** #43 irB r ir*nM Our large stock bought bsfore
ES&gtigß&tfiSg the advance in mill prices re- I
_ m mains on sale at the o!d figures.
u? SJ3 SI/ 'S3 'J a '® 'S a a r r ' cc w '" 9 advanced
I «¦# p? q while the quantities that we have
on hand in our warerooms last. The Sheetings could not be
' bought in the zniils to-day at the prices for which we are sell-
! ing them at retail.
Heavy Bleached Sheeting —
! 10-4 240 yard 9-4 220 yard
F-4 20G yard 6-4 140 yard
I 81-inch Unbleached Sheeting, a fine oloth and an extra good
! value, per yard 200
< Ready ma c Sheets for double bed, 81 inches wide, unbleached
and no dressing, each 4&J
! 1000 Sheets, bleached, well made of good material, 81 inches
wide, each 550
•*v Homo Gray Blan-
' Q=m jS/^yw^^. kots — Extra size, specially
F^Ms^^rS^biiefrC^J*!!* fi ne wool, close and firm,
¦=^J>^vShh4h T p air $b.7s
\ R'/L*~*\\ U*?4J Nomo Frown t lan-
. ylK)^ V kets— Full 7 lbs weight, a
Mp™v fcT*Yf ! V special make of very fine
\ \ ,r-\ I w^i'n wool, per pair $6*OO
\v¥xl Ujinl t) )j II I Nomo Oxford Gray
} \<gSK^v v .,~gg^ Blankets— Weight 8 lb3,
' fifvg-X^CX^ ''- none finer, per pair..^7»sO
f li^^^te White Blankets To
yvll|ij^^==j~ close out about 100 pair 3,
Kjl ** fornia wool, size 72x84
inches, a $10 bed covering,
per pair $7*50
, White Family Blankota—k little cotton in the
warp, sire 72x54 inches, weight 5J lbs, slightly soiled in
display, to close, per pair $3. G0
'. TSIEsBG * fc costB no more to aye taD^° cloths ani
3 anrsm*** Da^ IIX3 to natch than to have odd sets. These
IL,iaMt&lß*9* gets, as well as the piece goods, are all new
styles, in pretty patterns, and at verr reasonable prices.
Dinner Set s— Fine Iri?h Linen Table Cloths, 2\ yards
long, with dozen 24-inch Napkins to match, set $5m75
; Dinner *Of 8- Hemstitched Cloth, 2J yards long, with 1
dozen 17-inch Napkins to match, set $6 OO
EloaGhod Damaefc— Heavy weave, satin finish, a
make strongly recommendable, yard 700
Grcam Damask— k solid, well-wearing fabric, good
in style and appearance, 63 inches wide, yard 4&O
Cream Damask— A nice article for general or kitchen
use. 54 inches wide, yard 25c
Table Padding, or Silence Cloth, 4J feet wide, yaH
4So
Naakins — Fine Bleached Damask, patterns new, sizs 22x
22 inches, an unusually good value, dozen $1.75
"Dry Goods— First Floor.
The LsitQst New b:)oks oa dato of isBa9 at lib -
mj^Hrmgxßr* era^ re(^ uc tions from publishers' prices.
Ptaw&iS* Here are six of the very latest.
Pub. Our
Price. Price.
"The Touch Stone," Edith Wharton $1.25 $I.GO
"The Grip of Honor," Cyru3 Townsend
Brady. 1.50 1.19
"Toomey and Others," Robert Shakelton 1.25 I.GO
"The Conspirators," Robert W. Chambers.... 1.50 1.20
"Resurrection," Ciunt Leo Tolstoy ....1.50 1.19
' "Joan of the Sword Hand," Crockett 1.50 1.15
Children's Dresses inneM. assort-
«.»•«* B****Kr**4*> meQts < th * largest
, Sknti nJaCHetS* west of Chicago)
and prettiest etyles produced, makes
• *^ c se ' ec ** on °' wash dresses for girls
•^sTS Ito 1* years of age an easy "matter in
tj.^ zj? the big store. We can give you a
• «tSJ^i/v>s* pretty wash dress for any age for 75c,
/Wf&%£s/\ muc h more elaborate ones for $4.75,
/ Js%tM/(\\ w '*k a " c e * ween prices.
', /CA/ C A I \\/') Two-piece Linen Sailor Suit with pique
,Xy%\Ai\r^>y gamp, blue braid trimming, for agea
Jr\ /s'• :^\\X\ 6, 8,10, 5Z.75; for agss 12 and
; I w ] m\ 14 $2.00
\ 7jj \\\ All-piqae two-pieca Sailor Suit, new
\ /^^ - \mme^j 8t^ c B^i rts ' pearl buttons, tastily
\ \ v»/rtV^^^P^y^ trimmed with blue braid and thor-
\ \ VTr— i^"* 0^ onjrhly well made, ages 6 to 8,
VLH ]^*£r $2.25; ages 10, 12 and 14
; -*2.50
w^ All-wool Serge Sai'or Suit, lined skirt,
*c trimmed with ' fancy soutache braid.
; splendidly made, 6-year-old siz3 ". $SmOO
'¦ Children's Coats — Late3t box-back style, with caoas
for ages 2 to 6, colors blu9, tan or red $3. 50
\ Box Jackets— Handsome new short Box Jacket? of fine
'¦ al-wool kereey, red or blue, large pearl buttons, 8-year-old
size • $5m73
\ Children's Furnishings— Second Floor.
¦ MeW c r ' s^ lt Btv ' es an^ oolorings for Spring
. /m«/ m« and Summer. Thin glove stock is complete.
> QxiOlfeS* This plain statement mean 3 much. It
; ir.eans that every desirable new style and coloring is included
. in the assortment. The two-clasps are in greatest demand,
¦ although many prefer the three.
| Two-clasp Famosa Kid Gloves... « ?slw'DO
! Two-clasp Thistle Kid G oves #/.25
• Two-clasp P. K. Kid Glove 3 &1.50
' Three-c'.asp Premirro renl kid Gloves $1.53
, New Department— Rotunda.
' PeerleSS '^ ie prettiest effects that w e have
1 Ml ¦ £>«•#«« 4 «»_.~ GVer owned in Lace Curtains,
. Uf. nOiSVery* Tapestry Portieres and drapery
| materials of all kinds, and through various trade conditions
, we have become owners of this sum- ¦ • cjii2&iJC
¦ mer stock of draperies at exceed- °$}ffi/s£i^-^&8K0
; ingiy low prices. We offer this ]&s?>
' 100 pairs Nottingham Curtains 1 / T^L
st.oo $$MsmA-\fjtifc
, 100 paira Nottingham Curtains ?fiJ^*ts\ tW^
si-bo i 'JFf~**Wi w
'50 pairs at : $2.50 y\ \ j|v [W
; 50 pairs at $3 50 , r J \ 111 1 u\ Wit
All the above full size, Tricot edga, 'yf/f I v Pj^iM
' good patterns, heavy qualith?. (f/ifl iVi^r^iV
\ 50 pairs of Irish Point f urtains, Hf* T*~rra^-r^7\?
ReniisEance pattern $5.00 'I .I / I_7\lT /VlAvJli
¦ 50 pairs of Point de Calais L^ce I C'\ \xf\\*
' Curtains, very handsome.s7*/J£J
. 24 pairs Arabian Lace Curtains, Louis XIV pattern, plain
center, heavy worked border $11 . SO
24 pairs of Saxony Brussels Curtains, very elegant, per pair..
910.G0
10 0 pairs of Portieres, 3 yards long, 50 inches wide, of double
faced heavy rep, eight colors, beautiful patterns, per pair...
: $5.00
Ourtain Stretchers— Square, flat corner, adjustable
pin Curtain Stretchers .*.. ..$1.50
50 new patterns in drapery silks (Cheney Bros, choic-
est grades and designs), Oriental and Hsrald'c. per yard
...: 800 and 7So
Main Floor— Off Rotunda.
Sale of Plates
Extraordinary— Monday Only.
Not often does . j<Cl7>sm^
worth regularly £<
$1.44 to $6.84 per dozen, there are 28 different styles of
decorations, shapes and siz«, all of them pleasing and up-to-
date and perfect in every way. Monday only these
plates will be placed on special sale at
One-third Off
Regular Marked Prices*
Silk Remnants
J4f Off Marked Price*.
There is not a reasonable silk want that cannot be filled at
this silk section of ours, and the prices regularly are exceed-
ingly tempting. The remnants that we offer special on Mon-
day only are from the choicest of this season's silk 3, the
reasonable prices already reduced when they became remnants.
The pieces range in length from i to 6 yards each, and include
plain and fancy taffetas, foulards, India*, colored and black
Batin, poplins, grenadines, white si ks and satins, etc., etc.
There are a great many desirable lengths for shirt waists that
can be used for either street or evening wear. The shorter
lengths are suitable for trimmings, coat linings, rufSing3, etc.
On special sale to-morrow only at
One-quarter off already reduced
Prices*
Bargain Table— Main Aisle.
Boys' Clothing
An Extra special Sale- % > w
Bought in the regular way these thor-
toughly dependable Spring Suite for boys
would cost from $1.00 to $3.50 more than
the special prices — there 'SS^.
are 285 suits divided into f^vbk
three lots — and the sale £* •S?
is for the entire Jar^v
week, if . quantities (flf&S^
last that long. n&r\\
Lot I—loo 2-piece all- /JIM/OX \
wool Suits for boys 9 \\\J^j
to 15 ye are, double- \l -_^ -^
breasted coat and knee /.. \ I .
pants, in new, nobby (111 \ 1//1
patterns of all-wool \\\l I\l //
mixed cheviot, would ~\ X\
be an exceptionally / VI
good value at $2.95, J \J
sale price..£f # £5 J^ \^
Lot 2— 75 Blouse. Sailor Suits for boys 3
to 10 years of age, six styles of braid and embroidery
trimming to select from, worth at least $3.95, a a qb
sale price.. WBm&O
Lot 3—60 Blou«e Sailor Suits, for boys 3 to 12 years of age,
. very pretty Scotch mixtures, red, blue and green serges,
stylish spring materials, entirely new. each suit a
novelty, regularly $7.03, $7.50 and $8.50, jm O{ ~
sale price..... &*f-*&O
Second Aisle— Rlg:ht of Entrance.
Dinars lOfori£>^
Orand Republic tScintilla^^
Are you a patron of the big store's Cigar Department ? If
not it would pay you to become one and save from 10 to 20 per
cent of your smoking bill. We sell evory day most brands of
12 js. Cigars for 10c each, and 5c Cigars 7 for 25:, and propor-
tionately low prices for all Smoking Tobaccos and Cigarettes,
while every week there are one or more special offerings that
it will pay you to watch for. in our ads.
Monday and Tuesday only, fcr very little money,
we propose to give you a good Titt'e ?moke— Grand
Republic Sinillias -10 for 15a , or 100 f0r....
:... : ..~.~.51.50
Cigar Department— Rotunda.
Extra Monday-Offerings
From Many Departments.
7he $15. Kind for 410.
This is the most important /^\
clothing offering that has been y?%
made in San Francisco this year. Y^L
Oxford Gray Vicuna Suits are / / T^saYV\
the most fashionable business J\ \^|)
clothes /that were offered to /Xj^f "\ v \
good dressers this season. (f'Vjr 1 'Jv /
The suits that we shall sell . C"'/]/ If
special a// this week IJHmT/ / '
are made of strictly all-wool *vkl n
Oxford Vicunas, either single / 1
or double-breasted sack coat / 1
style, with single or double- / I
breasted vesta as desired, two I I
pretty shades of gray, suit 3 I I
worth regularly 4g% IJr
$12.50 and $15, for #T\k?
Main Floor— Near Entrance. \r' v^
Only IS cents rr Monday-
Any Sheet Music published is sold regularly by too big store
at one-half publisher's prices. On Monday ozlj wb fSO
offer two very popular coon songs, par "»py-. ......
* 'Td Leave My Happy Home for You."
"Hello, Ma Baby." .QaTutmr^r*^.
Music Department— Second Floor. tJ&^V§!y^&*S.
Millinery 2J* J|||Sp
V&£s&Cff£2MM trimmed i/? f -«%^S-3^
* hat of
Mou33eline de Soia and flaa braid, /'"'•
trimmed with pretty flowers and foli- *^&SSj
age, in either castor, white, purple or V
mauve; splendid value for $10 — while p^GKgX?
the lot lasts $7-5O ,*rSSSsIL
Second Floor— Fonrth-atreet Side. < * f °* oc( ™±-
M tmOOti c iiavo **** stroa 3 M t Xl ?a
#• «* we g+tz of Hammocks ever ah own in
HantntOCiC OOC* San Franchco. at the lowest
prices we have ever been able to quote. One specially good
value is an open weave, linen finished hammock, quarter col-
ored, having a concealed spreader, size of bed 35x73 inches,
our price -Sso
Canvas Hammocks, white. $1.50, &2.00, $2.50;
brown, $2.25, $2*50 ; Mexican Grass Hammocks
.85c to $1.75
Other styles, with pillow, concealed spreaders, wide drapery.
from... $2.50 to $6.50
Ribbon fs£§itl
bows msm
Mads Free ~\
At the ribbon coun- -^f>>'|ypf^\^d!yH j£-^w h^TK
ters in the rotunda are J f^'7''rs^^^j&
a number of the moat jC^CM^ 5 -^ V^SiiP*--^
expert bowmakers in 1 \^^fi^^\ v£l •^/•l |> **
the city, who are at %^j{'M\!M /W\ $AV lll l
your service without // /vXr^V . V
charge v They will make $Jl& x %r&\
you corsage, hair or virJMsMtyi
neck bows in all of the I |/*w Ji
latest artistic styles. W f>, / '
Select your ribbons, we * l.iy
will make the bows. •/
Goloß*Gd Tiia t5 * Btore ma^ e9 a ric?l
T?***** >L and noTe Bhowin S o{ spring and
DreSS GOOOS* summer Dress Fabrics, which are
being added to almost daily by the new arrivals from the
world's fashion centers. Here are three new arrivals, hand-
some cloths that will be much in demand during the next few
months.
42-inch Novelty Damasse, very dressy, in light grays, tana,
ca?tor and lilac, suitable for elegant summer costumes, per
yard ~ —$1.25
52-inch Venetian Cloth, all wool, perfect dye and finish, in
four shades of blue,' three shades of brown, three shades of
garnet, a pretty cardinal and all of the new and exqni3ite
pastel colorings, price per yard $ImsO
56-inch . Homespun, strictly all wool, a clean, well-finiehed
olotb, in five shades of gray, also pretty tana and browns.
an exceptional value, per yard ~~.slmOO
First Aisle— Left of Entrance.
TfUnfofS That Baggage and expressmen vfll
M#-JJ 0 V have hard work in tryfag to
vwiii LaSt* * smash these trunks. They are
built to laet. Plat top, canvas
cover, waterproof painted, ftv«
Ap^^§pS§|§|SpJpF*^ . hardwood slats on top, two
Mflfr * * afcjT' ¦// aroaQ d body, set-up tray with
'ife—- r-~£i ~^«n*^^ ' two at k° xc8 ' both cloth coy-
ere^» foiir-strap hinges, copper
rr^^^^^-^n^^rZ^ riveted, an extra drew tray,
' bra S3 excelsior lock and iron
bottom, 7 size.*:
.23 in SBOO 34 m....89.5Q S3 in-.~5T1.00
30 in 5.50 86 in....10.00 40 in — 11.75
32 in 9.0 1
Dress Suit Caso— ,-c^Sss?s^— ___
heavy sole leather, steel frame. . * K "^^^^^£3a
fine brass lock, heavy stitched Vh'
• handle, heavy leather corners, [r I %
hand sewed, inside pocket, leath- '' 1 Js^
er strap* and leather lined— ~v J (i
20 in...57.00 24 in...58.00 "»*- ¦ -^^__ iJ
22 in... 7.50 26 in.... 9.00 ~" *^k^
cushion Tops, ttSaanift:!*™
Tabie GOVeS*S* N«w violet top with bottom...
- ..250
Cross Stitch top on denim with bottom- 250
Cross Stitch top on linen with bottom ~~ — 25c
Tinted Flag LLy, bunches of violets, bunches of pansies, flame
girl tinted, top and bottom complete, each ....BJo
Stamped Duck Table Cover 3, floral designs, in large variety
with coored linen fringes, 36 inches square 250
Waffle Cioth tinted table covers, rose 3, poppies and chrysan-
themum designs. S3 inche3 square 60 J
Fourth Section— Left of Entrance.
Ice Cream a]1 We re Jg^
FreeZerS* makes in the
if \%- !fi~^ n^' " ac °' si 22 ' 9*9 * from the little
II I S y^*<^g • baby size for invalid use, up to the
r—-r\ 3 a, large siz3 for hotels and restaurants.
cc ~ t ' ©t^Sgy*"^ ih". Double motion Freeters, made by
li^V^ the White Mt - Freezer Co.— 2-quart
\S : Biza $1.65, 3-quart size $2*lo.
- 4-auart size $2.40
R-StWn new no °' j3wn Croquet Seta for
sea»on 1900 have jiut arrived. They are
CrOtjUe** all neatly packed in dove-tailed, hinged
boxes, and ' the latest rules of **
the game are supplied with each £^ Ar
4-ball sets, shellacked mallet / h //(
and balls 750 ty JW I
8-ball sets, painted and. varni=th- 'iill •;.' 'y%*S. \],
ed - ....$l.OO K fy\ 'M^ ;
8-ball seta, painted band, 2 yff I ''/ yi^.
stripes, No. 1 stock, snecia) f^r^v^ H^-
value ...$1.50 CfrOJJ £^ /TMTH
Oi' er Prices are $2.00, UJaLLU
$2.50, $3.50, $4.50, $8.00, $10.00.
8-ball nets, 9-inch selected dogwood mal.et3, painted, polish-
•d and well striped, candlestick wickets which afford
opportunity -to play after dirk $15 OO
'4-ball sats, 9inch imported English dogwood mal.et*. screw
handles, candlestick twisted wickats for $20.00
Bporttng 0004s — Second Floor.-
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM:.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
MERRIAM OK
THE WARDHER
INQUIRY GRILL
General Explains His In-
structions From the War
Department.
Admits That Ha Adopted No Means
of Determining the Guilt or
Innocence of Itfiners
Arrested.
WASHINGTON. April 2S.— The examin
ation of General Mc-rrlam was continued
at tha Coeur d'Alene investigation by the
Military Committee of the House to-day.
He explained in detail his instructions. In
a telegram from Secretary Alger, of May
81. he had referred to General Merriam'a
"original Instructions." General Merriam
testified that he hud never received any
"original instructions" beyond the direc
tion to proceed to Idaho to put down the
insurrection. He had applied to the de
partment twice for the "original instruc
tions," but they had not been furnished,
and h« had come to the conclusion that
Secretary Alger -vas In error. Regarding
tb« incident of the pump men at the Tiger
and Poorman mines, he eald Governor
Steucenber* had aeited what could be
done to save the mines in case they de
clined to take out permits. He had re
plied that he did not feel competent to
tulvise. He knew that to have allowed
the mine to be filled with water would
hare destroyed it as effectively as to have
blown it up with dynamite.
Attorney Robertson conducted the cross
examination of General Merriam. In le
ply to a series of questions. General Mer
riam t«»USed that martial law was de
clared by the Governor of Idaho, upon
whose request the United States troops
were furnished, and that the section of
the Revised Statutes requiring the Presi
dent to proclaim a etate of Insurrection
<il<l not apply. Some of the Federal troops,
he testified, were in Idaho and some on
tbelr way there before martial law was
declared. He had telegraphed on May 1
to the War Department that ha would ex
ercise martial law If the action was not
disapproved by the department.
"Was that your intention?" asked Rob
ertson.
"It was," replied General Merriam, "but
It "was not exercised. It was my intention
to scrutinize travel outward bound from
the scene of the trouble. The Governor
proclaimed martial law on March 30."
Up to the time of his arrival 13S arrests
had been made. Robertson sought to get
an admission that some of these arreAs
were made prior to the Governor's procla
mation, but General Merriam denied this
emphatically, producing his telegrams to
•how that when he ordered the arrests
he stated martial law was declared. When
he directed that arrests should be made
by deputies he had not conceded that
troops could not make the arrests directly
and without warrants under military law.
"Do you think that under the conditions
that obtained in the Coeur d'Alene it was
proper and reasonable to hold prisoners
from four to six months without examina
tion?"
"1 am not prepared to answer 'no, re
plied General Merriam. "I don't know
all the attending circumstances and con
ditions."
"Did you take any means to determine
the probable innocence of prisoners for
your own information or that of the Pres
ident of the United States?"
"No further than to urge preliminary
examinations by the civil authorities."
"You convened no military court to try
tho*e prisoners?"
"I did not. The State courts were
"You took no pains to determine
wtoether or not information had been
lodged apainst the men arrested?"
J"l did hot."
"You then lent soldiers to deputies who
made arrests?"
"I did not. I sent soldiers to protect
deputies and to receive and safeguard
prisoners. "
"Do you think there can be civil officers
under martial law?"
"I do, emphatically."
"Deputies exercising the functions of
military officers?"
"Yes; under the direction of the Gover
nor."
G<?n< ral Merriam in response to a ques
tion a* to whether he now considered the
p«<jple of fihoshone County capable of
self-poverament said he was not in pos
session of sufficient Information to giv*
an opinion.
Without completing the cross-examina
tion of General Merriam the committee
adjourned until Monday.
Jfi* "¦ "V
f- — "Z&th&wvrr^S^
17Supervisor Helms has progressed far enough in his
advocacy of the racetracks and all they entail in dis
tress and dishonor to the city to suggest that he is
well qualified to organize a society for the suppression
of virtue.
American citizenship appears at last to have won an
international value. Many resident foreigners who
intend visiting the Paris Exposition are making their
preliminary declaration as American citizens before
they go.
The local shoemaker who bet and lost on his belief
that he could write English is probably convinced
now that there was much of truth in that old adage
that the shoemaker should stick to his last.
In his lifetime very few people heard much of the
millions of the late Georpe Smith, the American mil
lionaire who recently did in London, but since liis
death his estate has made him famous by reason of
the enormous inheritance taxes taken out of it. The
British treasury took $5,000,000 to begin with, then
the New York inheritance tax took $1.9.34.753. an.i it
i.« 'lid the United States Government viill take about
?-,000.000 more. The error of Mr. Smith was in leav
ing a large estate, with no children to inherit it, for
the taxes on collateral inheritances are high; and he
made a further mistake in investing his estate in one
country and making his will in another, thus giving
two nations a whack at it. It is to be remembered,
however, that the old man being dead will not miss
the money, and those to whom the fortune falls need
not take it if they think the tax too high.
Recent developments indicate that as female im
personators members of the Police Department are
not glittering successes. Chief Sullivan might ad
var.tageously use the excess "talent" in the depart
ment by (riving us a farce comedy with his office as
the central scene.
Germany has decided that our agricultural products
shall not be admitted within the lines of the Father
land. This seems particularly unkind after we have
been buying German guns with which to enforce
American demands.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OCR GOLD DBEDQINQ PUMPS
KKUbn Tear. All cti*r. faHwi. la c^-
raUsa i*.".7. » S'^ttssos rt.3.7.
SA>D CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
Tr Or»i-«tio« Daily. €» »!-r?1» «rr-^.
BYRON JACKSON.
D»E£>aiNa pimps.
nn. Osani^M. Steam Hatiti. Caatrtraxat Frressa.
rnt>DwtßoU«r» U«ad;Mul W111..M rrtnast'
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
•«n!» tmb »r aait w«t»r for «;a:e* boxvb:
r* tt Mm I'rt* «t!33ced« Xi Uir«it Ct.
COL « SEPAPATOS.
Ocl«>» OeU Separator as 4 \:salrasarr<p r«
t*r.y ev«ratlca Wa. S. Sirca * Cr :b b>
OOLD SEPAPXTO?.
MARSHALL «.-iJ «*«=« V « .- » -^ T» r«*-
•^m «tro»t. Ort»«ta: Ov» C5.«-"s» O«bs»x»
CO CEXT^VTO *.
PATTERSON S "Aast* v>qv o? T .•%;.•» «•-•«*»
; black s*=J dai l^. STT K?J!>!*.t» »«..
Klcn*lt# c^r;».-a *""*v?» nn* c«&?- Jv«rT»«-
Uca t3T-.;«-l rat VSTt »*-. >vi-r««f *3wtT«-A
I placer *--A tc: l^ X'aetmm
i L**-f *r Vk»^» 4,' nit, «*> i^v.*. tt, *.x
! resit* »•.¦*>> l-MYVvS- s^H*>«s. ' *•• ftji**,J»
aa|E=s==p:
: Ql- Its HI--- $<:;*£s¦££, s^^tm. a».
«>» >i>i> »i% '.-aA-fcrA tif-HuWUrt, %^ *. r.
«>«£.« vftoe* !*,*¦ Susm. ' IC-Wi Vi;«. t i . A. T.
Mission Bay Tract Will Be Needed
When Its Coast Gap Is Com
pleted.
The fifteen acres of marsh and laguna,
which were formerly a part of Mission
Bay. bounded by Fourth, Kentucky and
Channel streets and the base of Potrero
Heights, is to be filled in. A contract was
secured yesterday by Henry A. Whitney,
secretary of the Potrero Land and De
velopment Company, from the Southern
Pacific Company to do this work.
The piece of property mentioned was
given to the railroad company by the
State Legislature some years ago to be
used as a yard for the company 7*7 * rolllae
etock. A part of this property w u filled
In several years ago. To complete its
present work will necessitate the removal
of about 2M.000 cubic yards of earth,
which will be taken from the Develoo
ment Company's bluerock hill opposite
the Union Iron Works.
The chief reason for filling In this prop
erty at the present time ia that the rail
road company will need It when trains
are running regularly over the new line
between this city and Los Angeles. Pas
sengers from the south will then com*
here direct instead of by way of Oakland
A CURIOUS LAW QUESTION.
O BERLIN M. CARTER, late captain of the
United States army, convicted of gross frauds
in swindling the Government in the construc
tion of improvements at the harbor of Savannah, has
at last entered a Federal prison and begun his term
of servitude. So far as he is concerned, therefore,
the sensational case ends in a triumph for law over
influences sufficiently strong to baffle it for years. In
the meantime, however, the case has taken on a new
phase, involving other parties, which promises to be
as remarkable as that attending the trial of Carter
In the frauds which Carter was convicted of com
1 mitting he did not act alone. Certain wealthy con
! tractors residing in New York are accused of being
j associated with him. Last December a Federal Grand
i Jury in the district in which Savannah is situated in
| dieted five of these contractors as parties to the con
spiracy to defraud, and an effort was made to arrest
them in New York and take them to Savannah for
trial. By dilatory proceedings before a United States
Commissioner in New York the accused men man
aged to delay the law so long that early in this month
the Savannah Grand Jury made a formal presentment
: of the case to Congress calling attention to the evi
dent attempt to save the accused men from trial.
I Shortly after this presentment was made Judge
! Brown of New York refused to issue a warrant for
the removal of the indicted men to the jurisdiction of
the Federal court at Savannah.
The case has naturally attracted a good deal of at
tention. It is sufficiently notable in itself to cause
remark, but coming as it does as a sequel to tht
notorious Carter case, its interest is augmented. It
appears that the ring which was so powerful as to
nearly clear Carter is once more at work on behalf
of the contractors and is still sufficiently potent to
delay justice, even if it do not defeat it altogether.
The action of the New York Judge in refusing to
surrender the indicted men to the court at Savannah
is said to have excited a good deal of indignation at
Washington. It is stated that the Attorney General
and the Solicitor General have openly denounced the
decision and will take steps to have it reversed. « It
appears, however, there is now no power of law by
j which the officers of the Government can compel the
New York courts to surrender the men to the. Sa
vannah court, and accordingly a bill has been intro
duced into Congress to confer the power. The meas-
SUPERVISOR HELMS is one of those men
who can learn nothing from what is going
on around them. With a stubbornness which
argues something like a mental incompeter.cy to
profit by the teaching of experience, he ignores all
that the Police Courts and the Morgue records re
veal of the effects of track gambling, confronts the
indignation of all good citizens, defies public opinion,
and pushes himself forward as the champion and ad
vocate of the gamblers.
At the meeting of the Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors on Thursday Helms expressed
a determination to submit an order permitting horse
racing for a period of sixty days and allowing pool
selling within the inclosure. He endeavored to in
duce the committee to recommend the order, but
failed in the effort, and thereupon announced his in
tention to take the case before the full board.
If Helms and men like him have not learned the
evil results of track gambling by what has taken
place in this city within a time comparatively short
it is hardly likely that anything would teach them,
and argument would probably be thrown away if ad
dressed to them. We have had defalcations, em
bezzlements, frauds, robberies, suicides and murders
resulting from, track gambling, and some of these
crimes are of such recent occurrence that the com
munity has not yet recovered from the shock.
There is little danger that Helms' order will 'be
sustained by a majority of the board. There are not
many men of his type in the city, and it is hardly
likely there can be more than one or two of them
on the board. The people and the officials of San
Francisco have had enough of track gambling for
the rest of the lifetime of this generation. We have
contributed enough to the nefarious profits of the
Eastern sports and have yielded them an ample
number of victims as fugitives from justice, convicts
and suicides. As an advocate of the gamblers Super
visor Helms may discredit himself, but he can do
nothing more. In San Francisco the track gambling
issue has been made up and closed along with the
tracks.
FASHION HIST FROM PARIS.
The toque represented by the engraving
is of sky blue straw. charraingSy triranjed
with wild pansies. draped In »ky blue
tulle. On the crown at one side la a large
rosette of sky blue and mauve taffetas
blended.
you will see. a kind of whipcord, and.
though It 13 net exactly the s*=:e eclor
as the stuff wem by cur trocys. tt ts. to
my rair.d. even better in that respect, fc-e
ir.g mere nearly the cclor of African sot:.
This stuff I gave to a little Italian tailor
to make into a uniform for tne. and I was
very socn converted In appearance into
the yeoman that you »cc dat'y !s the
streets. Including the leggings, though
mine had buttons, and the lace boots."
THE WARDNER TROUBLE.
NOTHING more shameless has ever occurred ia
American p'-!.t::s than the attempt of Con
greiirr.ezi Lentz and Sulzer to make po:iticai
capital ag*:r.-_: the President cut of the declaration of
marua: .i- a: Aarlner, in Ica.no, ana tr.e £er.c:r:g o:
regular troops there by the Secretary- of War on de
mand or tnt government ct the itate.
Ler.tz procured the appointment ci an investigating
committee by the House to look into the affair and
throw out a dragnet for party cap:tal to use ia the
campaign. Governor Steunenberg of Idaho was
califi as a witness and underwent a direct and cross
exasrinatxoa laiting twelve days. He declared him
self tolejj responsible for the declaration of martial
la-*- and for the presence of the troops. He (bowed
that under the law the President had to send them
when he as Governor officially demanded their pres
ence to suppress an insurrection, which he said ex
isted at Wardner. On cross-examination he dis
tinctly assumed responsibility for every detail and in
cio^nt cf the military occupancy and conduct. If
any act transcended the law, he assumed responsibility
aho for that. He proved that the President desired
to withdraw the troops after a certain time, but that
he protested against this and demanded their reten
tion. Whatever fault there may have been in his
judgment and policy, Governor Steuner.berg en
trenched himself in the respect of all fair-minded men
by shirking nothing and taking responsibility for all
that was dene.
Lent* ar.d S f sher were spiteful, indecent and in
sulting in their demeanor throughout the Governor's
testimony, ar.d since it was finished and had cut every
particle cf ground from under them they have con
tinued to mouth furiously about a conspiracy of the
President and Secretary of War to suppress the civil
la*' in Idaho.
Such puppy politics will deceive no one. Governor
Steonenberg is a firm Silver Democrat ar.d has been
twice elected by a Populist fusion? He is a prominent
candidate for the United States Senate, and if h's
party win in the next election he will succeed Shoup
ir. that office.
If wrong were done at Wardner he has said under
oath thst he and not the President did it. If Lentz
and Sulzer h2ve any issue it is against the Demo
cratic-Populist Governor of Idaho and not against
the Republican Present of the United States.
In other words, it i? not the Republican party that
is responsible, but the Populist- Democratic party,
%nd the two demagogue leaders of that party in the
House have made a laughing stock of themselves.
ADVrZETISX^LZZrrS.
for ¦ the protection of the rights of the people cf
Washington City, and in Oakland the merchants
have had to undertake a movement for a better service
there. It is the same everywhere, from the Atlantic
to the Pacific seaboard. The regulation of telephone
corporations for the purpose of putting a stop to their
extortions and compelling a better service has be
come a necessity of the time.
On Monday, then, the people expect the Super
visor? to put an end in this city to the frauds com
mitted by the company in demanding payment for
service which frequently 13 never rendered. The
amount of money exacted in that way from the
patrons of the nickel-in-the-slot telephone machines
nay not be large frcm any particular individual, but
in the aggregate it runs up to a considerable sum
t\-try week. It is. moreover, one of the most irritat
ing forms in which petty swindling can be practiced,
and has now become well nigh intolerable.
The officials of the corporation have intimated ho^v
they propose to treat the effort to obtain justice.
One has suggested that any tax levied upon the cor
poration will be "put in the bill" of the patrons of
the corporation, and another has intimated that if the
company be required to furnish a switch before ex
acting the r.ickel ! it will give such an inadequate ser
vice as will induce the public to return to the old way.
Such threats should not deter the Supervisors in
doing their duty. If the corporation officials carry
out the threats they *il! furnish new incentives to
the people to amend the charter so as to give the
municipal authorities power to regulate telephone cor
porations in the same way as other corporations con
trolling ar.d operating public utilities are regulated.
There should then be no further postponement of the
issue. On Monday the Supervisors should act.
IN kis jp-tech at Wichita Colonel Bryan treated
things in his csnal light and airy fashion, and as
csual assumed that everybody is waiting to hear j
Sitting outside of himself a$ a part of the audience
enraptured with him, he said: "The public wanders
why I have dropped the silver question. New meas
cres are resting cjon us, uzi I sr^-.l neTer c«p t-
silver question until the little coterie ct English
financiers cease to meet in secret and cake laws for j
Say there is 2 statement of fact. It is either true j
or false. What evidence has 2ryan cr any supporter j
of h:s that a little coterie, of Englishmen meet in .
secret and make laws for this country? Who com
pose this coterie? Whit taws do they make? Why
do they wish to make any laws for this country?
The statement h a falsehood atsd is used merely ss ;
an appeal to prejudice.
In such appeals Bryan is a past master. He never
csade a icgrcal argurr.tr.: ro hi? life. He doesn't j
know a syllogism from a p:ed mule.
Englar.i t.zz never had any interest in our adop
tion of the gotd standard. Ker interests financially
have been with silver and Mr. Bryan, because that j
left her the leading gc!d stir.iard natron 01 the wor^d
in-i made London the clearing-house of the planet.
Our adoption of the gold standard threatens her i
ftrrenrfal primacy. It threatens to transfer the settle
meat of balances from London to New York. If we
bad ce£nite:y adopted the go'-i stancird on our re- ;
sttmptkm of specie payments in 1879, and Bryan bad |
takes to the pulpit cr the «tage, by this time we |
would have tttr. the leading creditor nation and Ne« |
Vcrk vocld hive been the world's dearing-hoase.
In the same speech Bryan threw a kiss to the Popu-
Iht;, saying: "Tr.e East no longer regards Populists
as ar.irchiits. but has come to respect them." Of
corrse this refers to the Popu*.:s:j who are willing to
support Bryan fcr the Presidency conditioned npoo
'-.- forcing the Democracy to adopt Populist prin
c:: •-. ¦ Each he hi? so far succeeded in doing.
But the gem of his Wichita oratory was t£:s: "In
the great contests that are fought between kingdom;
and republics we know where to pl2ce the heart? «
Arrrri-rir.s. It is '-o to-d^y with the Boers, and I do
ret s^y that becanse I ara against England, for I am
ps.rt Er:g:i;h myself, also part Irish and part Scotch,
but above a!! I am an American-"
No other public man. aspiring to the Presidency,
has ever said anything as delkiously and demagogi
cally funny 2s that. He wishes to stand well with zll'
rationalities and so pedigrees himself back to the
British Isles. He is English. Irish ar.d Scotch,
an^ wants the vote of each nationality. Hi; sympa
thies are with the Boer? because their country is a re
public, not because England is treating them unju-stly.
If Er.g!and were treating a weak monarchy as bad?y
as she i; treating those weak republics. Bryan leaves
; it to be inferred that he would be indifferent to the
i?;ue. or would perhaps let his one-fourth British
I blood lead him into the support of England. His
! treatment of the Boer issue i* characteristic of his
¦ illogical habit of thought. He has no sense of ab-
I stract justice at all. The rights of the Boers are set
; tied, in his view, by their form of government. Re
[ publics are right always, is his rips conclusion, and
\ then he turns on the republic of the United States
[ ard condemns everything it has done since he was
- born ard denounces everything it is doing now. In
i this damnatory pan of his speech he condemns this
I republic for "its notorious secret alliance with Great
. Britain."
What evidence has he of any alliance with Great
,' Britain? How can the same matter be secret and
. notorious? If it is secret he can know nothing about
j it. If it is notorious, that means that evidence of it
!is common knowledge. Where is such evidence?
This, like his "small coterie" in London, is a false
i hood ar.d a demagogue's appeal to prejudice.
The only notorious alliance between Americans
ar.d Englishmen that has ever existed is that between
Eriti-h and Bryan free traders. The only English
interference in American politics has been to induce
this country to adopt free trade and turn its market
over to Great Britain.- Bryan's party is the only po
litical party in this republic that ever had a British
alliance. Great Britain never as badly needed that
alliance a; now. Under our protection policy we are
rot only crowding England out of her foreign mar
kets, but we are pressing hard upon her at home.
Commercially we have her down, and her sole hope
of getting on her feet again is in the election of Mr.
Eryart and the decadence of our commerce under
free trade.
Held to Answer for Murder.
¦Wayne Harris, the =es*e=ger z<~. tu
yesterday heM fir murder ty J-i?^ rr.:i
wf>o»st bends. D~.-.:? a q-j_irrr. "»".Ui
Andrew L«7is=- ii-o-j:*r =ea3<n?rr toy.
*t the Sutter-stre-t oC« c* faJ^_- 7
r:atbe*J hi=i.
The Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Tte se»*ca la SOW Cs#2- S:i«* tr? h«.s t*«a
redu««4 ts r* t~--rs. Cr-=f :-ai:« *^==u*i»
tl:=» at hcte^ Tt» mr^i trtp n:e frc= =va
rrmscUco i» osly Ci. ParUcuUr* xz Sasi* F»
AKUSEKZHTS.
Ors b -. st— VassCrrEe.
" - - :-" <xmZkjtT%.~
- Th* VT-.z.^ • : ' " - SRJe "
-» . ¦ iiiT— -K^-Jf) V*i_« "
' ¦¦*_.:• rr.i*.- a •;.;*: TttAT.
iaebtt'j Caocttt H-jcx— "L*. Tr»Tt*ta-"
Or-V». Zoo *i.3 Ti**Jer— Va.il •-.-.:.« «t*t7 aJzxrz^r^z. »ii
. ¦ --*_. - F <:<-Bt»>ttl
•^ ParSt— B4ll»c A»yi«fec.
- - .-• * nr»- -.^rt:zr zi>~ixj
iZectmlc* JTm iflton" TVIT Hicw. May :
E Ctn^j— ZjiX.:.^x. i*:w;.r*. JLtiurjr. «.;.. rrery cir-ii7.
'.««-*. ¦ ~ i - i a ¦>¦» ¦ -rL.rr -m
AUCTION SAI.ZS.
Ey = TTii£. -.— i/-rl»7, Air.i Z.. a.: H -ydx't, Kori** «.^S
<^j^>
Half a century ayo the iabcr ccr: is. ti«
production cf 1W S^li h"=t!r? -ar*t-h c-^'-ea
turned wa-> J**?. 1= Z^C it -"raa cz.ly CO.
CaL gl*c* fnilt i>- c»r atTow^seil"*.*
Chinese Held for Murder.
Tur.it Tee ar.-i Harr: Kee tt*t- -<i :¦>
answer by Judge Ccr.lan en a charge of
murdering Chun Ah S--o at Jaci*-= sTr*-t
ard Sullivan al>y Febroar;- i* !>:••-:»
Poy. charged with the «a=e offessa, »v
discharged.
demanding pay for it. Several times curing tnose
months it has appeared as ii success were to be at
tained at the next meeting of the bo3.rd- la every
case, however, the appearance has been deceptive.
The corporation, upon one pretext or another, has
obtained delay after delay, and continues to practice
its profitable extortions.
On Monday the issue is to come once more berore
the board. It is expected that there will then be
submitted to the board a report concerning the feasi
bility of the proposed regulation ar.d its estrmaici
cost to the company. The report vril! doubtless be
forthcoming, for acr.p'e time has been allowed tor a
fall investigation of the prob'em. It wi3 then be
the duty of the board to refuse any further delay to
the evasive corporation and to enact the desired or
dinance at once.
The cotirse parsttfrd by telephone ccrporations ha?
been one that has aroused popular indignation in
every part cf the Union. The Gerr,3.r. i for redress is
heard in Massachusetts even more strongly than in
California. Cor.zresi has been ccrr-pe'l-d to interfere
corporation to famish the switch aiked :or by
patrons of the slot machines of the company berore
ft T»OT an the JoorssJtstlc talent of the
IP^I cct^itry is vn the safe side of the
f! prison bars. At Sing Sing. N. V..
U publisfced a bi-weekly paper
which suggests the thought that a goodly
bomber of br;ght newspaper caen are
witain -he prison wails. It ia called the
S:ar of Hep«?. and represents the three
Stare pttsocs of Auburn. Sing Sing and
Clintcn. Ail the work of editing, type
setting and r^=*i--S 1* done by the ln
rcates. It has one advar.tAgc over other
Jctirrsis in the fact that its circulation
cf «T» is assured. There are always now
r*>ader« coming to supply the places of
these who have changed their places of
residence for cne presx-stir.g tnone oppor
tunities of freedom. From the Boston
Transcript we quote the tollowtag account
of this journal:
"Th^ na::*r contair.sd is the r*P*r has
a wile rar.^e of subjects. inc!ud:isg reli
gkms discussion, fcuc.orous article* and
Jokes and hits. The editorial rase shows
a go*id deal of thousht ar.d research. Sub
jects cf national interest and others hav
ing a direct bearing upon the lives of the
pr-.scr.ers themselves are treated, all be
ing edited, be it r-.cxesibsred. by ir.mates
of the institutions. The educational ar.d
moral value of the sublicaucc can not
be esiisiated. The interest felt is it. how
ever, is Illustrated by a letter appearing
in a recent number, reading: 'T-:s is ray
first attempt at writing for the paper. Be
patient wiih me. for when I came here I
could cot write nor read." Another con
vict writes: "What a blessing the paoer is
to us men. I ser.d you a feeble attempt
ar:d if you use it vri.ll be glad to try again.'
One cnmnn fs given to a brief review of
the important happenings throughout the
wcrld. ar.-i each r.uinter contains a col
umn or two cf criminal pcetry. niuch of it
not cf the highest order. b'Jt some fully
as goo'i as appears In some publications
cot printed behind r-rison walls, with only
convicts for contributors
••The übiquitous reporter of the worsar.**
prison at Auburn. Mrs. So. !>:. in a. recent
number has ar. ar.lmated account of the
dol.-;irs fa the ladles' retreat.' She writes:
'Every wir.cow on the frost of cur ladies'
boarding-house was handsomely decorat
ed with ffags en the two Dewey days; the
balcony over the fr?^t d>cr was espec'a!
lv remarkable, beir.g completely covered
with O!d Glory. The girls celebrated on
their own hock ard our caged Pattis sar.g
in concord and discord, out of the S:ar.
cr: h one of urgency, for it will cow b« be: a cora
paxathrciy short drre wfecs the sutcts of lir^hatioas
will operate to relieve the acctised cor-tracccr* asd
they wili then be able to laugh a: cot^ts. Congress
and grand jt^ies.
This case, taken zs a whole, is one of the mosc pe
crliar that has erer arisen in the United Slates. The
fraeds commhted were enormotis and the persons in
volved are all of them connected with strong business
and political combinations. Carter was convicted by
a military conrt upward of txo years ago. bu: it was
only on Friday last that he was taken to prison. Now
the men who are charged with having conspired with
him seem abotrt to escape even a trial- What in
fluences are back of the accused men and by whit
means they have b«en enabled to defy the law for so
long a time has never been made pt:blic A case of
such a character merits the fullest investigation, 2nd
row that the matter is before Congress it is to be
hoped the investigation will" be made.
UNIQUE NEWSPAPER
PUBLISHED IN A PRISON
A DEPARTMENT HEADING FOP. 'THE^STAR OF HOPE."
g:sr.x \*-wjer IMOM JRa-f* *-7 tasT^j:*
ft ofttain. A t,*rv'rr *A?s.l?Z** s*rz:.'*r -.'.
ti* bar niarf* * *.ZX**&3* t*tx*f*** Vr.
Cirtia *;-•¦,-.•: t.v:» 'A'.r.* xaA ?a* iM *•«
c.*4 h* J*t» r.'orsw'i \s**+ tl+ '. a i
tats oKCXJtiiyn. feet Zzau.y. «trs«* ¦»t:a
»»— or**. )ve ••vrrj«i i> »ttJt; ~t a-ss »
f.-rA. I *-•» :>-* z*.zx***- '>--' «¦ «**s
TS» 7-.--Jn->r t-zrrr.y-t v. *¦•.--»
fcia -m\iik it* r*=Ari: "Xi-e**. *2 sb.*3
are fws* xi tirzx*. **&*?- S ** T ' \ ' 'i
— tmtif Trst anr* i***j-7 «?¦?¦*** '¦ i
i'aW'T ' f.xt»A M t.itSL < T»»«* - '
fc* »Mf«3. *&* * t{jr?rr CocA Cata
T<^i« J <i^! t£« » «» «« '2=:*
.^«r.y K. Jrtrr- t* *hG*7><!. ~tl i» ¦» «>•
Too ea^ .-wry*? t* a rjuant VsA izax
SUPERVISORS INSPECT
SPRINIG VALLEY WORKS
Hc=da *zA li^r^d Visited.
TZ&l*. &z2#rzUr*c9 wee! «a * «*«£S '- ' '-
J>ia! ln*3«e?!<i= yeacer^.7 M> *i* yj^rx :T
tbTfbrta* Y*ah WXOS War** te
city. &« trip t*'~x =^« az i£e *x5-^»*
ct the ecryi.-^T^n. 1= T J?ZL'
S-j>ervt*sr» R«*i. 30i135. Eri^csiefe
C<7=::e. Cozst'-r. Zrmy*?. Jlajr=-^« _*r~
sar.4er*ssL. Tc*T »*r* a-^x=ip*^«3 trr
City Zr-^rvwr G7-zz**T o£ i^e B«*s
P^tn^ works. DtrtcUst Etssa CxxS
Eogface* QeftßWTrr at the -*-\rrr <vr=y*z.7.
Tee party tfrcTe » tie v^r.-Jtzx *"-*
BUcit Petal, Tr-,rs Hb*v>: i=* **?*****
w«: to tfce pri=:>J=r <sttU2&s *t s * rr *~Z
teenth «tre*t. Like H.-.=«Sis«ar ti* =.^
point vlyn*»i a»i Use *-r*xrzizJ! £*ese CBT
th« water frs.=s PlZ&n?.z.oa t»a*TT*Zlz w*J
a. '—>-¦'* ir*T-<~-i -.- —i~* .¦-*.— ¦_¦>*. ".----. "»
upper laice I* act tz?,i* s*e-i. *-* tie wa~j?
is tepuT*. The \-.-kht iai~, »iJci 1» ffi»
larges:. i* -'-»• h*'.r-z dri»= o- irr *
greater cuartlty tiA3 its eap<*cir7 war
rants asc will s/soa b* eraptle^.
The parry lmrp*<rt«4 rnlTrer^it?- laati'OU
near the Old LadX H^rr.e izi 3-iTt- 'ir:
Fmr.clsco ar.4 C-r.ege Hlli reserr-.lr ="ir
. S^ Mary' 3 College.
Judge the Bigger Fool.
Ex-Judge Curtis ».f N«w York refuses
to b« outdon*. no mntt*r what the di
rection of (ill effort*. !W*n who have
worn tho Judicial orralno generally have
Origin of the Khaki Uniform.
Colonel Duller, who says he Is the In
ventor of the khaki uniform, is a native
of Belgium, and has lived in England for
the last twenty years. He served in the
English army in Egypt. "In 18*2."- he
says, "I was attached to the British cav
alry staff In Egypt. It was while holding
this position that I invented khaki. Ne
cessity was the mother of this, as It ha*
been of all Inventions. I was robbed of all
my uniforms, and I .cast about In despair
for a substitute. Good luck would have It
that I came across the very material of
which this coat hero la made. It is, aa
Good Night for Footpads.
Footpads are especially In evidence In
San Francisco Just now and they act with
remarkable boldness. But what else could
be expected of a city which shrouds Itself
In Impenetrable darkness half the night
to keep up the pretense of a low tax rate?
—Sacramento Record-Union. ... .
THE EXCUSE FAILED
Charles Miller, a Standard Oil magnate
whose home Is in Franklin, Pa., has &
precocious son less than 10 years old In
whom hard business cense and worldly
caution are highly developed, says th»
Philadelphia Evening Post. One day Mr.
Miller said to his son:
"My boy. It's time for you to go to bed.
I want you to get up bright and early to
morrow and go to church with me."
"I don't think 1 care about going to
ch .H^ to-morrow," replied Master Miller.
"Why not?"
"Last Sunday the preacher «ald h© waa
going to preach about the devil."
"Well?*
"I know he will nay low of hard things
about the devil— awful hard things about
him.
"Well?"
"Don't you think, papa, that If we Us
tened to that sermon It would be rather
unpleasant If we ever m«t the devil wa;
day?"
But the boy went to church In «plte of
his clever excuse.
Berolzhime Not Dead.
A dispatch published from New York,
dated April 1. stated that Mrs. Catherine
Jordan, famous for years as one of the
handsomest women on the Pacific Coast,
wa3 found dead in her apartments on
West Forty-second street. The gas was
turned on. The statement was added that
Mrs. Jordan had been married twice and
that both her husbands were dead. The
following letter shows that one of them is
still alive:
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: My attention
was called to a dispatch from New York,
April 1. published in your journal on the
2d headed: "Mrs. Catherine Jordan takes
her own life." It states that both hus
bands are dead. Quite an error, as I. at
least, am very much alive.
As I am a subscriber to your Sunday
issue, I would thank you to make a proper
correction in your next Sunday's Issue as
far as that part of the article la con
cerned, and greatly oblige. Yours respect
fully J. BEROLZHIME.
3430 Vernon avenue. Chicago.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TO OBTAIN FINAL PAPERS—Sub
scriber. City. If you took out your first
papers more than five years ago. have re
sided In the United States ever since and
desire to obtain final papers, but cannot
find two witnesses in San Francisco who
can certify to the fact that you have re
eided in the Union for five years, present
such proof as to residence as you have
to the court where you intend to apply,
and you will be advised what course to
follow.
RAILROAD WILL FILL
POTRERO MARSH LAND
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, April 2S.— Mr. Sutherland
of San Francisco is at the Manhattan; L.
Dowling of Los Angeles Is at the Empire.
A CHAMPION OF TRACK GAMBLING
PERSONAL MENTION
T. "W. Sheehan of Sacramento is at the
Occidental.
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks of Petaluma. Is
at the California.
F. H. Kennedy, a merchant cf Stockton,
is at the California.
Edward Berwick, a rancher of Mcn
terey. Is at the Grand.
R B. Stej-her.s. s. minir.g man cf Lo-3
Ar.g^lea. is at the Grar.d.
Dr. G. W. D wine 11. a mining man cf
Mrvrtairue. is at the Grand
F. A. Fatkenbursr of Denver, who Is at
'the head of the "Woodmen of the World,
is at the California.
J. Wilzinsk!. a merchant of Visal'.a. and
M. Gr2enwald. a merchant of Arcata, arc
guests at the Grand.
Dr. M. S. Simpson, an army surgeon
who has eeen much service in the Phil
ippines, is at the Occidental.
Lieutenant Colonel G. F. O'Jott of the
United States marin-3 Is at the Occiden
tal; having just return »d from the Philip
pines.
Heir Goldschmlth of Berlin, a member
of the German Reichstag. 13 a guest at J.he
Palace. He is here on a pleasure trip, but
is also making a study of trade conditions.
Captain E. Dubofs of the Forty-second
Infantry is at the Occidental. He went to
the Philippines in December and was shot
through the shoulder in an engagement on
February 5. He returned hense on the
transport Sherman.
Francis B. Clarke of St. Pad. treneral
traffic manager of the Great Northern
Railroad, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
He has come to attend the adjourned
meeting cf the railroad presidents to be
held here this week, when a division of
the Oriental trade will be discussed.
Special infcnsatlon rsppMed iiily t*
busl=e«s houses a=d c^t'tc cea by ti*
Press CttpgtßS Bur-aa <a::«ji H3 Jiart-
Cosicrv street. Te'.ephor.* Mi!n 1342.
rTankee Cewey. how <3ye do? Dewey.
you re a dardy." * , ..
"Anything cut cf the ordinary in the
culir.arv aiie t> received evidently ir.tii
srett fr;o»cir.s by the ccsvicia. for the
tanie *ce<ie reporter exciainss: v> c ».a
>itw«d tomatoes on Monday. Can jreu
teat that, you bon vivasts cf the ner. s
retreat for retired tankers?' Aion* the
siuae line is a paragraph under tht head
or •Whisperlrg*.' which readt: They do
say that the Friday dinner of boiled blue
f.sh. brown bread an,: coffee, witrs n^^
ar.d near In it, was treat. In
der the same caption :: is reniarkea that
•a Bowery girl with a Sniith & Wesson
gun in her cictius can be safely
termed an armed cruiser."
•'In one humorous article Auburn Fri&on
is compared to a. university. requiremecLS
for admUston being as follows:
•* *L Candidates must have graduated
from some recognised jail.
" 1 Must plve satisfactory evidence or
an immoral character.
" "3. And must pass a successful exam
ination in the following branches: Intox
ication, dissipation, profanation, depreda
tion, speculation, hyper-recreation aca
peripatetic rustication.
"That department of the paper devoted
to Clinton Prison is usually found to 1*»
sctDtinatins with wit. There are flr.rer
marks which point to the editor beizg
Iri"»h. He inquires how far a ir.an drops
when he falls asleep, ard records that
'One cf our ex-grentlercen remarked tne
other i^ay that association wita hicaaeiJ
is spollir.e his n:cra!s.'
"The Star, however, is by so raean3
civen up to wit ar.3 humor. Some of th»
wrler« dettrht to deal with subjects rnet
aph>?'.ca!. 'Sirs Slr.g. m. !s the signa
ture attached to the foliowin? quotation
from soire current publication: "MoraJ
truth needs no aid from moral untruth:
falsehcvi can give truth nothing that It
i» not retter without.*
"In tb<* 'Opes Parliament' such rubiects
are discussed as Tfce B:b!«." 'Our Indl
viduai R*spor^!b:Mty' aci Tt» RSz*.t« cf
the K»^ro." An *-i"catior:a: <f»partm'?r.t ts
rr.E<!«» ecod U5« o* by the cor.vlcts. partic
clar Interest belr.?: appar*T.t:y ma=:f»st"4
!n history. Or:e pare is srlven cp to mat
ters of r»:!?lcn. anl many o* the art:ci»s
¦srh'ch appear or. that par* rr.'yht Sad a
p?ac» wttfi equal arsproprateress In a re
• z\cns ; Jovrra*. A!tcF-e?"rer The srar cf
Hope t.« a revelation of the Hres. thcuyhts
ard a«piratic!.s of the rcen ani the wcrj^rj
¦srhT go to nutke up our vast priaos ?¦:?"
lation."
\/\ ONTHS have passed; since the Saperriso-s
/ \ en:ered upon the task of preceding the i^.ter
* * ests of the peblic by compeiling the telephone
THE DUTY OF THE SUPERVISORS.
«U\-D\V.. APRIL 29. 1900
JOHN 13 SrRECKELS
»'IBLICATIO% OFPICE..JI«rVM »¦* Tktr*. S. F.
Trl»,h««. Mala thO%.
i DITORiAt ROOMS 71' t» 221 «•**»••» «?
Telf»h«ar Mala l"»T*.
• Irr."«- fopUt. % f#Bt».
Trmt hr Ma.II. Iq<-I o<J In sr Pott«c«i
r -L 7 <:jl~~ --'.-'.. ?-i - :'-xi '.=* T*J *«*¦
r/.-T Cal-I. ¦•.•-r-.-.'.-.T e^zta-r: * ss«i£« I.""
i*aroL!. '^e."^tui« et=4*T>. * =x»i£« i ¦**
LiAO-r caix-B> e.-s*> H«a> «*'
*T_~*fl>AT Cal-1. Ot* T»»r t-S*
* ttXIT CAUL Or* T«"»r >J»
AJJ poitamttrr* ar» aatboriicd t« re«*lT«
• ¦¦•Tiptloa*.
>. »KHMj OFFICE! 1111 Broadway
rltoec Duiasc. 7»:«sii=* "C«=tra. »J ' ¦
C C CAELTCW ~*t - -"--'"
S7£P-E % « E St'!T-._ .-" "----« BaSdwg
CHI' A<V> SE7-: £T>-Vr.«
f --¦=.-.« Boo**; As£acrtaa H'-t*L
VSTf TC?-i: NZTW.S STA.V-*
K=rr*» H:~ Bcsat
njSHJMSTOS -. CJ OFFICE - Mrtogtai Hot.
IfORTCM £ C = -'«; C-.--«-c~:r-*
tßiim ornrt« — r v - r-r-*-» -r-^ - cjt. «^
«~2 #*•< « r.sec* W. H»r»« ep«E c-'2 »¦¦» a>!>»-*. «O
KcASVr cpes «stS ».*> c cUct «IS L*rk:ru «c«-2 a«l
S*> c'eiack. tx: »f—lnw. cs«s BSttl M ceaci. 2^5
Kcrkct. ecrc-T fc^i«=--t. cse=. JSlfl * « ciork. »•»
».»:«=». ij »r WCXJ » --"->•«- :« E:er«=tX cpea BStS
- 15. ei»*- N'T. t^z^kt X-mez.zj-**^z* «£--; fc.»c^i:*.
THE SA2s FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
BRYAN, HIS PEDIGREE.
FOR
CAPE
NOME !
The Owl is headquarters
for ail the "far north"
medicines. Always in stock
a large variety of Medi-
cine Chests from $2.50 to
$20 each. No outfit com-
plete without medlclr.es
from The Owl.
100-pos* Drug C:: = .:~.t - ;: >t
free.
Free <*e!!very to rzWrzai pa:-ta
*:t.~:-> 100 miles on orders ef S5.00
or over. *~t~ rr.s-ey s:::-.::: «
: - e order.
« PACIFIC COAST
ACEJ1TS
OR. EQISQJTS 03ESITY
BEUEDiES.
Write for B3o"n!et. "Haw
to Cure O&esity."
THE OWLDRDB CO.
Cst-R*t» DrmiUt*.
1/23 MARKET ST..
s--~~_ • SXN FRJLXC13CO.
18
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
7TI3S) noUick 110 4
(1110) tJrafter 110 1
1143 Thil Archibald 103 8
1104 St. Rica 110 2
1130 Oaylon Brown 110 7
1104 Rl Oriente 113 3
(114S) Illilouon 10S 5
1143 Jim Hale 110 9
1128 Kellerophon 113 6
...
¦
H
12
3 1
6 V 4
7 3
5 1
4 •*
• 9
8 H
%
1 4
2 1
3 '-*
4 1
8 2
6 H
5 hi
1 1
9
Str.
Fin.
1 2
2 5 '
3 2
4 Vi
5 2
6 V 4
7 2
8 6
9
_l Jockey. |
11. Shleldn I
I. Powell
Baf>slnger
Ruiz
J. Woods
Buchanan ....
Bozeman
O'Brien
Macklln
lOp^
I 2-5
8
8
10
10
60
15
30
100
Cl.
2-5
12
H>
10
25
25
50
100
Index. Horse Age. Weight. |St.
1156) De Blaise. 4 109 S
moo Merry Boy, 6 109 8
1163 Alas, 3 96 5
115S Mountebank, 3 SO 2
1152 Torslna. a 107 6
1162 Roselbra. 6 107 9
1146 Pat Morrissey, 6. ...104 10
BS6 Novla, 5 107 1
1111 Ksplrando. 5 109 4
IH4 ITterp. 4 99 7
SSJ Racery, 4 104 11
X
V,
3 H
6 1
7 M
5 h
2 H
9 2
10 5
1 4
4 1
8 %
11
3 Vt
5 1
6 1
4 1
2 I
1H
7 2
10 1
U
Btr.
Fin.
1 n
2 5
3 4
4 2
6 1
§« 'i
7*
8 1
9 1
10 6
11
_ Ji-ckey. |i
~H. Stuart
I. P0we11......
Mounce
Fauntleroy ...
Holmes
J. Woods
Ranch
Buchanan ....
Bozeman
Basslnger ....
I.otrup
IQp.
5
5
7-2
15
8
15
3
2
30
30
CI.
3
10
7
10
12
39
5
5-2
23
6i)
10.)
Index. Hqrpe. Ak*. Weight. 'St. hi
1150 My Gypsy, 3 87~1 1 1
1157 Rosormonde, 5 104 4 3 2
115S) Captive, a 112 6 * hi
IUO The Fretter, 4 103 3 6&
1157 Constellator, 3 96 2 2 1
1154 Rapldo, a 8S ' 6 6
H
1 2
3 1
6
5 h
2 1
4 1
%
1 3
2 ltt
6
5 2
3 5
' 4 1
•
Str.
1 3
2 3
5 2
?
3 3
6
Fin. I Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
1 2 Ranch 1 4-3
2 8 Buchanan .... 2 18-3
3na Ruiz 5 5
4 3 Mounce 6 13
a 6 BaFsinger .... 6 ?
6 Mcßride .:.... 50 60
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St. Vj
UISS) Headwater, 4 1101 7 6 4
1107 Tlzona, 2 .92 5 2 2
1121 Sly. 6 113 3 In
1157 Dr. Sheppard. 6.... 121 2 3 Vt
920 Torlblo, 5 ;...108 4 * hi
1156 Hugden, 4 .... 103 1 8
1146 I,ob Medanos. 4 ....106) 8 7 1
1158 Jingle Jingle. 4 10l| 6 5 1
¦4
4 h
12
5 1
2%
3 h
7 2
S
»2
S
iM
2 2
* H
3 1
6 1'
, « 1
g
7 2
Str.
1 H
2 3
4 ft
3 1
55
6 2
7 1
8 ~-
F»n.
1 %
2 5
3 2
4 4
5 1
6 1
7 1
8^
Jockey. |Op. Cl.
Ranch 1 7-10
H. Stuart 40 40
Ruiz 5 5
IH. Shields I 4 5
IMounce | 5 9
I. Powell I 20 3D
Alexander f 15 30
_ Buchanan | 10 7
Index. Horn*. Ae>. UVlght. .St.
1145 Snips. 6 102|4.
1150 Twinkler. 5 107 3
1164 Silver Tone, 4 103 7
1154 Storm Klnr, - 6 ..107 6
1145 Montanus, 4 . 103 1
1128 Cromwell, a 110 2
1145 Gauntlet, 4 ..: ..103 3
1152 Opponent. 5 .:.... ...104 5
1111 Jennie Reid, 4 101 8
W>ieht. St.
6 1
4 1
5H
1 3
2 H
7 h
8 8 ¦
9
3 -
V,
5 V 4
2 1
4H
1 2
3 h
8 8
6 tf
9
" 7 % ¦
-%.~ Str. Fin. [ Jockey. |Op. ci.
3 1 *2 1 In Mounce 15 fi
2 1 in 2 1 Shaw 3 4
4h 3 2 3 IV4 Buchanan .... 6-2 5-2
12 4>4 4 h Bozeman 4 5
6^4 5 1 5 6 Norton 20 30
5 h 6 1 6Vt Basslnger 20 12
8 2 7 6 710 Ranch 4 5
9 8 8 2 H. Ktuart 3 4
7 6- 9 9 J. Woods 8 12ing organization to meet on the San Ra
fael range is the Marln County Schuetzen
Club. This Is an old club, but of late
years it has not been an active factor
before the targets. It was recently reor
ganized.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein
has arranged for its rorty-first annual
May festival and grand prize shoot to
take place at Shell Mound range on Sun
day and Monday, May 20 and 21. Cash
prizes amounting to $350 are offered on
the point and bullseye targets. There
will also be prizes offered for the first
and last bullseye In the morning and aft
ernoon. On the 21st there will be the
eagle shoot for the members of the club
and the king prize will be Included In the
contest.
MORE REVENUE LEAKS
EXPOSED BY THOMAS
Revenue Agent Bart M. Thomaa made
another important seizure of tobacco In
RIFLEMEN ARE READY
FOR COMING EVENTS
Three Clubs Shoot at Schuetzen
Range To-Day— The San Francis
co's Annual May Festival.
Although an off Sunday, there will be
considerable rifle shooting at Schuetzen
Park range to-day. Several weeks ago
the California Schuetzen Club postponed
its monthly bullseye contest on account
of a public prize tournament at Shell
Mound range. The postponed is
booked for to-day. The Turner Schuetzen
Verein will hold its April and May con
tests on the same range. Another shoot-
Why Am I Selling the Gennine
SANDEN BELT
AT HALF PRICE?
Because I bought a cargo of them and
wish to get rid of them. Because I have
the right to sell them at as low rates as I
please or to give them away if I choose.
'They're the Dr. A. T. Sanden. patented,
and so stamped. I made no contract with
Sanden as to selling price. If I had he
would probably have bound me to get
his own high figures. But I am quite
content to clear these famous Belts at:
No. 7 $40.00 Belt for $20,00. No. 6
$30.00 Belt for $15.00. No. 5 $20.00
Belt for 910.00.
They're a good Belt. They've a
splendid record, and will cure Rheuma-
tism. Kidney Trouble and all Pains
and Nervous ailments of man and
woman.
You can have Dr. Sanden'a book
"Three Classes of Men," free, by send-
ing me your address, and if you get one
of these Belts you will live to thank me.
They're on sale at the Lion Drug Store
and at my office.
DR. S. S. HALL,
702 MARKET 9T. t ROOM 3,
3 An PHAXCtSCQ.
A Perfect Concentrator.
"William Patterson, a practical miner
and Inventor, gives the mining world a
concentrator constructed on new lines,
and one which Jn detail and results inter
ests any person who has gold to separate
from foreign bodies.
The principal features of this machine
are, first, the length of distributing sur
face embraced for saving the finest gold,
there being ISS feet. Inclusive of the tail
race, which has forty feet.
It is adapted for placer work and beach
mining.
It is not theoretical, but practical, and
has been In constant use on black sand
for seven years.
There are no blankets, carpets, matting
or jute sacks used. Instead the machine
employs quarter-sawed cedar boards,
which when wet will catch the finest sul
phurets. platinum and gold.
The motion of a one-inch stroke creates
a preclpitntinf? action which settles the
gold into the fibrous surface of the board.
The machine is supplied with water by a
rotary pump operated by the same power
which operates the machine. There is one
plate furnished with' the machine, which
is placed under the trip screen at the head
of the first tray. Should any .gold get
away from the fibrous surface It is caught
In the mercury trap at the lower end of
the bottom tray. The auxiliary parts con
stituting this plant consist' of. besides a
complete machine, a tall rnce lined with
boards as aforesaid; one wash box, 2x5,
in which the concentrates are saved
for future panning, and the trestles
upon which the box sets: the No. 5 double
rotary pump and a plate containing five
feet three-pound copper, plated with one
ounce silver to the foot.
Mr Patterson will explain the operation
of this cold saver to any person calling
at 227 Mission street, where It is In opera
tion dally from 11 to 4 o'clock. -.:•„:
1212, 1214 Market St.
TO=MORROWIS SALES DAY
1212 and 12I£Market St.
Money for You by Buy-
ing Up These Snaps
as Long as They
Last*
3 doz«i ladles' COVERT CLOTH SKIRTS, ex-
tra wide; sals price 70c
8 dozen ladles' GRASS LINEN SKIRTS; sale
price 330
9 dozen children's CALICO DRESSES; all
sizes: sale price 18e
U dozen children's MUSLIN DRAWERS; sale
price 8 l-3c
9 dozen ladles' HOSE, silk finish; regrular 'value
35c; sale price 18c
3 dozen ladles' WHITE SKIRTS. 3 yards wide,
with ruffle: «ale price 47c
12 dozen ladles' PERCALE WAISTS: sale
price 2«">c
12 dozen WASH VEILS: regular value 23c: sale
price 15c
4 dozen ladles' PERCALE WAISTS. 2 rows In-
sertion; sale price 7.~c
19 dozen ladles' LINEN COLLARS, all sizes.
latest styles, 4-ply; sale price S l-3c
12 dozen ladles' SLEEVELESS VESTS, all
colors; sale price 13c
C dozen ELASTIC JET BELTS; regular value
Me; sale price yr.c
5 dozen FRENCH CORSETS, all sizes: sale
price 4Uc
4 dozen ladles' WHITE PIQUE OUTING
WAISTS; regular price S2 50, at SI.4S
UCES AND EMBROIDERIES
850 yards POINT VENICE DRESS TRIM-
MINGS, applique effects 100 to 2.*»0 3"d.
12-lnch NORMANDY VALENCIENNES LACE
lOc yd., worth 25c
6-1 nch DUCHESS LACE, bowknot design
lOc yd., regular price 2oc
200 dozen narrow FRENCH VALENCIENNES
LACE IlOe dozen, regular .price 50c
Double-thread buttonhole stitched EMIJROID-
ERY *°« yd., reeular price ISc
4-thread IRISH POINT EMBROIDERY, 5
Inches wide 12V4c yd., regular 25c
6-lnch VALENCIENNES LACE
5c yd., regular price 12Hc
1000 yards LACE. 5 Inches wide
3c yd., regular price 6^c
When buying from Marks Bros, you buy from
manufacturers, therefore receive the benefit of
buying retail at wholesale prices.
Country Orders Solicited.
MARKSBROS.
1212, 1214 Market St.
FRESH IMPETUS
TO TROUBLE IS
TURF CIRCUS
California Jockey Club Not
Satisfied With Recent
Ruling.
Danny Lynch, Joe Piggott, Willie
Martin and Milt Henry Are De
nied the Privileges of
Oakland Track.
As a sort of aftermath of the recent
eruption In local turf circles, which termi
nated in the ruling against Jockey "Mike"
Hennessy and the exoneration of Jockeys
Piggott and Martin as well as Trainer
D. J. Lynch by the Western Turf Asso
ciation, the California Jockey Club decid
ed yesterday to mete out punishment to
the last named three horsemen. It was
mild, but may prove troublesome. The rul
ing says:
"Joe Piggott, Milton Henry. D. J. Lynch
and Willie Martin are denied all privileges
at Oakland track, including admission to
the grounds."
"Danny" Lynch will leave for the East
to-day. Milt Henry left here to ride the
horses of W. J. Arkell. the New York
newspaper man and horse owner. Con
necting Henry's name with the recent de
velopments was quite a surprise. Judge
Murphy said the rider was released by
Barney Schreiber owing to his dissipated
habits, and the association across the bay
considered him an unfit person to be on
its course.
Thei ruling oft of Hennessy may cause
quite a controversy between the two
Jockey clubs. F. H. Green, through Dr.
Wetherly. the press agent of Tanforan.
now denies that he said his club would
stand with the Oakland people and pro
tect Hennessy for making his confession.
Mr Green states that his answer was:
"I will inform the stewards and I am
sure they will do what is right." There
will be further correspondence between
the rival organizations regarding the
question. • ' ¦ '¦ '¦¦'' ¦¦¦¦
At the meeting of the Tanforan stew
ards last evening nothing was done in
the now famous "Sly case." and probably
never will be.
this city yesterday, amounting to TOO
pounas, done up in two and a half ounce
packages and weighing up to three ounces.
The tobacco was of the same brand and
from the same factory at Mount Airy.
North Carolina, as the lot of 1000 pounds
seized a few days ago.
Agent Thomas has found that the to
bacco has been sent In overweight pack
ages to every town on the Pacific Coast,
and under authority of the Secretary of
the Treasury he has telegraphed to all
revenue officers to seize the tobacco wher
ever found. In compliance with this order
1000 pounds of the sam<» firm's output was
seized yesterday in Fresno and Los An
geles.
Miss Nicholson to Lecture.
Miss E. Nicholson will deliver a lecture
to-night at 8 o'clock In the Temple. 117
Turk street. Subject, "Individualism."
The public is invited.
SOLD OIL STOCK TO
DEAD MEN FOR COIN
Swindler Earned Forty Dollars Per Day
With a Few Circulars and
Stamps.
JOHN BARSTOW, alias James Buck
ner, alias James B. Blair, alias Rob
ert Deuprey, is a young man of de
cided genius in his small line. With
the inside of his hat and his coat pockets
for an office and a few hundred circular
letters for capital he launched an enter
prise in oil that was bringing him in from
$25 to $40 per day in cash until yesterday,
about a month aver launching his
scheme, when he was rounded-up by
United States Marshal Shine and Post
offlce Inspector Erwin and landed In the
County Jail on a charge of using the
United States mails for fraudulent pur
poses.
The strangest part of the story is that
Barstow corresponded only with dead
men. While the money he received came
from the living, it was sent to him in the
names of and on account' of the dead. His
scheme was to consult the death notices
in the country, newspapers, and selecting
from among them the names of men over
18 years of age who had died within the
past few weeks, he sent to the address of
the deceased persons a letter and a circu
lar of which the following are samples:
The Oneida Oil Company (Incorporated), San
Francisco, Cal.. April V), ISOO— Mr. Thomas
Proßser, Sutter Creek. Cal.: You are hereby
notified that the final payment of $5 on certi
ficate No. 2W>. ten shares, par value $100. of the
capital stock of this company held by" you Is
now due and payable immediately to the sec
retary at the office of the company. 226 Kearny
street San Francisco. Cal. On recelrt of the
amount due the certificate of stock will be for
warded to you with receipt In full for all pay
ments, and If this payment Is not made by April
27, 1900, the stock will be held delinquent, and
by the terms of the agreement slcned by you
and now In our possession the above stock will
revert to this company and the previous pay
ments made by you will be forfeited. By order
of the board of directors.
JOHN BARSTOW, Secretary.
The Oneida Oil Company (Incorporated), cap
ital stock J250.000, John Barstow, secretary and
financial, fluent.
Kan Francisco. Cal., April 21. Thomaa Pros
ser. Sutter Creek, Cal. — Dear Sir: I Inclose
notice of final payment now due on your certl-
fliate of shares In Onelda Oil. You are cer
tainly to be congratulated on the foresight and
buslncps Judgment which led you to'lnvest with
us. as the ftock is now selling at par, or very
nearly eeven times the price at which you se
cured it ($l5). and it will ko still higher. We
are also r«y ln K a regular dividend on It. Thank-
ng you for the confidence reposed In us. and
•ongratulatingr you once again on the suc
cess attending your Investment. I remain
espectfully yourn,
JOHN BARSTOW, Secretary.
One of these circulars was sent to the
address of a dead friend of United States
Marshal John H. Shine, and the Marshal,
having had considerable experience with
crooks, laid the matter before the post
office authorities, who detailed Inspector
J. W. Erwin on the case. Mr. Erwin
seized the contents of Barstow's postofflce
boxes In Oakland and San Francisco and
found in each letters from the friends and
relatives of dead men, containing postal
orders, bank checks and currency for $5
each. Marsha] Shine located Barstow yes
terday forenoon at the house of M C.
Thlelman, 1014 Second avenue, East Oak
land, and brought him to the office of the
Postoftlce Inspectors, I
Inspector Erwin put Barstow through
the sweating process for about an hour.
He said that his name was James Buck
ner and that he had assumed the name
of Blair for personal reasons shortly after
his arrival In this city from the East, ten
months ago. Under the name of Robert
Deuprey he had conducted what he called
the Astrological Turf Information Bureau,
at postofflce box 445. Oakland, the object
of the bureau being to furnish tips on the
races. Among the letters found In his box
¦waß one from H. Hart, 23 Kearnjr street.
San Francisco, inclosing a small sum of
money and informing Deuprey that his
tips were bad and that Hart, who repre
sented himself to be a bookmaker, had
lost J3OO by following them.
The prisoner denied that his name was
Barstow, and pretended that that was the
name of a man whom he met early in
April and who hired him as otfice boy and
messenger, to call for and open the mall
and deposit the money in bank for him.
For this service he was to be paid $10 per
week. Barstow's oflice was said to be at
226 Kearny street, but the prisoner said
that he had never been inside the office.
The discrepancies and Improbabilities In
the fellow's story were so many that Mr.
Erwin could not avoid the conclusion that
Barstow and Buckner were one and the
same and constituted the board of direct
ors of the Onelda Oil Company. A com
plaint was accordingly made against the
prisoner and a warrant of arrest was is
sued by United States Commissioner Hea
cock.
their eyes closed and pups of all ages
were dumped upon the office floor.
In desperation Mr. Holbrook seized the
telephone and called up Poundmaster
Walton and sent for the pound wagon and
all the disinfectants on hand. The pro
cession of small boys and outcast animals
continued. Cats and dogs did not har
monize, and the former were occasionally
obliged to seek the safer positions on top
of desks and bookcases.
In the midst of the turmoil the manager
of the building called and suggested that
a oranch pound be established on one of
the side streets. Late in the day the
pound wagon arrived and carted oft the
accumulation of animal life, while the
janitor made liberal use of chloride of
lime.
THE office of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals, on
the fourth floor of the Parrott build
ing, looked like a compromise yes
terday between an animal show and a dog
pound. Secretary Charle3 B. Holbrook
was nearly crazy, and the lady who
manipulates the typewriter was on the
verge of hysterics.
For months past the society has been or
ganizing bands of mercy among the pupils
of the public schools. The bands now
number thousands. The members are
pledged to do everything possible to alle
viate the sufferings of the dumb animals.
A few days ago a small urchin lugged into
the society's office a mangy dog picked
up on the street. Holbrook. In an un
guarded moment, gave the youngster five
cents to encourage him in the good work.
That was the fatal mistake. The schools
wore closed yesterday, and the lad who
had received the nickel started out to earn
more money by hunting up stray dogs for
the society. Ho did not hold the monopoly
long. By 3 o'clock every boy for miles
around had the tip. and organized parties
were scouring the city for "game."
After the round-up the urchins started
for the office of the society in - bunchfs,
each carrying an armful of dog or cat. Mr.
Holbrook received the first consignment
with a smile, but the smile turned to a
ghastly expression of horror as mangy
cats, lame and starved dogs, kittens with
Generous Gift of a Nickel Creates a Canine Carnival in Hoibrook's Office.
Whfin You Buy Doulile Goate(l *
' Steel White
Buy on iiondsy imM
Ware at
f ° r ""t is .Special Prices
the day
bargains like SS^J^i^SZSi'S
these are 2-quart straight saucepan 50 eta
cc J U Coffee cup and saucer 33 cts
Orrered at 2-quart pitcher 63 ct3
OUT hOUSe 10-inch pudding dish, square.. 40 cts
14-quart dishpan Jl 00
Only. 5-quart teakettle » 23
BISSELL'S GRAND RAPIDS CARPET
SWEEPER— I9OO pattern; latest Wn-
/provements. ball bearing and dust proof
ti t M j— caps. Special. J2 40.
(FFlZr^^^fry? One-burner PURITAN OIL STOVE-The
SiESwliSw^^ best stove on the market; 4-ir.ch burr.er.
nickel-plated trimmings. Special, 85c.
"STAR" CURTAIN STRETCH- EXTENSION SHAM HOLDERS
ER— Fits any size curtain; pat- — 52 inches, -wire and wood, pat-
SScSffifSteSSS" B>f£ip3£J; ent «elf-r e& ulatin g ends. Special.
$1 65. 25c.
25 feet GARDEN HOSE— »i-inch, ME \T SAFE— I3x22. height 27
T l - h.h .o C °«V Pllng3> CXtra S ° Od QUal * Inches; light wood, very stronff,
Ity, J- «*. ire oq three s . dea Speclal 51 00.
We also carry same Jn 50-foot
lengths. «
FOLDING TABLE— !Sx36, with
WINDOW SCREENS— m 23; hard measure; double galvanized
wood, with brass slides, 33c. brace; extra well made. Spe-
Same, 24x33, 40c. cial. Jl 50.
C^ ¦ : <
818-820 Market St.. S. F.
MAIL. ORDERS FILLED PHOMPTLT.
tfISCTTT/r. A NEOUS.
~TfO KINDS fIPPOBTIITIES.
One is the oIJ-ta hioneJ, high-pr Led, slow-going store. The
•iher the rmJern, up-io-Jate, >mall-profit store— that's PATTO
;. EN'S. Which !o you prefer?
The "i ne-piice" store, wheie you get as low a price as any one
;ets, but no Ji^oiru, or' the store with all kinds of prices and all
11 .jn ot discounts ?
Where ;he prLe is m.uked in plain figures that you can read for
ours^lf ?
Or 'vhere all goods are marked in bind characters ?
Whether it's a room, a modest cot-
I ' . :¦ :-i;t< ..-i " tage, an imposing residence, a perma-
*w ' ' :' Z^ nent or seasonal hotel, boarding-house.
' " "^fT^^^^M restaurant, dormitory, sanitarium you
CT!^— ¦¦ rr& r.rp TpFC~~^&\ WIS^ to e Q u 'P throughout or renovate,
fViif P v^^ s*l -' ou cant afford to P ass Pattosien's big
Vi f\ ;d ! j t$ store. Consult us. Makes no difference
1 I X w'l If how much or how little you desire lo
>lil§ jri'l cL spend, we'll save you from 10 to 20 per
j|| cent -
& |A Parlor Furniture.
"* Roman Chairs, with polished-finish J
frame, upholstered in French silk dam- j
Dining Tabes and Chairs, i a".°n.cd...c.ol°"-...5^52.50a ".° n . cd ... c . o l°"-... s^S2.50
Round Extension Table in golden \ Cf% •?- For box-seat dining-room
oak, piano polish, exactly like the j chair; has genuine leather!
illustration; size of top, 4 CIQ TLC\ seat; quantity limited. ;
feet 6 inches «3iy. JU j 00 F ? r dinin g- room table « made
C- nft For Dinin S Table; solid oak; #uv/ o; solid oak; has five hand-
'^^•"" special value. some rope-turned legs.
xMattings From Illinois and Indiana.
Tfce grasses that thrive and are scythed in the fertile valleys of these two
States are woven into Mattings so clean, cool, fragrant and bright that they j
need no argument from us for you to buy them. The heavy straw from which
they were made is fresh and strong — not old. dry and dead. It is elastic with
life — won't crack, split or break. The values quoted are for this week only,
to make you acquainted with the goods— 2sc and 30c per yard.
SlO and $12 Japanese Matting at $8 25 Per Roll.
An offering of Japanese Mattings that you can't afford to dream over. Their
beauty and goodness and cheapness should spur wide-awake buyers to instant
action. Clear greens, blues and browns. Sold only by the roll.
To-Morrow Horning. pSs&£S|u Efeq.
Sio.oo — Brussels, Duchess, Renaissance p^s=~ —^^z***=*e* If n
and Swiss Lace Curtains in this sale xvill p£,-.^ = g-fl *jjl j |
go at a pair (Special) $6.50 * w ~ | *T JSEBBSB,
Sio.oo — Renaissance, Arabian. Duchess. r^. --^ -^^s -L^S^j j r ~xi ,
Saxony. Brussels, etc., will go at. a pair j f^ miS^™,' 1 k/"
(Special) $9.00 iCss __L > fe^p
12 pa;rs Corded Swiss Lace Curtains. {¦ s^* Bjm") W .*?J
sold at Siooo. go at, a pair $6.50 Ir~ _ r^~ rar ggj
6 pairs real Renaissance Lace Curtain*. I Jl ,-_^.__~ s: =§?j
sold at $;000. go at. a pair $6.50 v |j~ pp- — *
6 pairs Point de Paris Lace Curtains,
sold at $12.50. go at. a pair $7.50 A three piece-Suit of Solid Ash:
6 Arabian Lace Curtains, sold at Splasher-back Washstand; elegantly and
$17.50. go at. a pair $10.00 heavily carved: drawers all hand dove-
10 pieces Nets, all widths, sold at 40c tailed; full paneled ends; solid brass
a yard, go at. a yard 25c hardware; mirror of French plate glass
55.00— White Irish Point Lace Cur- an d beveled. Others ask and get $25.00
lams in this sa!e will go at. a pair (Spe- j f or these 3 pieces. We only C |f- k/\
cial) 53.25 j as k *3>1U»31/
$7.50 — Brussels Lace Curtains, new.
this ?ea*on*s daintiest patterns, in this 24 pairs fine Xottinghams, sold at
sale will so at. a pair (Special).. .$5.50 ; $5.00. go at. a pair $3.25
15 pair? fir.c Nottingham, sold at j 6 pairs Irish Point Lace Curtains, sold
$2.50. go at. a pair $1.75 j at $6.00, go at, a pair $3.75
John BroTilav & . c ons' Al -Wool Reversible Smyrna Rn^s
The designs and colorings smack of rhe truest Orientalism.
75c for the $1.00 kind. 18x^0 inches j 56.00 for the $7-50 kind. 4x7 feet
52.00 for the $2.50 kind. 26x54 inches $16.50 for the $20.00 kind. iViXXoVi ft.
52.50 for the $3 50 kind, .10x60 inches! $24.00 for the $30.00 kind, 9x12 feet
Handsome Wilton Rdits
Remarkably durable, and in beauty of designs and colorings they compare fa-
vorably with any. A Mussulman would admire them for their Byzantine rich-
ness. Every- detail has an Arabic flavor.
54.00 for the $3.00 kind, 27x60 inches I 535.00 for the $40.00 kind. Qxi2 feet
56.00 for the SB.OO kind. 36x66 inches' 528.00 for the $32.50 kind, 7^xio^ft.
350 Remnants, drummers' samples, of All-wool Ingriin Carpets; 'Jf
three-ply and pro-Brussels; worth up to 90c per yard; per remnant... «3C
Each remnant from 1 yard to 1 1 A yards long.
ca^b <-— >: Furniture Exposition Building, ' '^®
Corner Sixteenth and Mission Streets.
TWO DRUNKEN MOTHERS
TO BE SENT TO JAIL
Mrs. Bridget Haynes and Mrs. Nellie
Qualts Convicted of Cruelty
to Children.
Two young married women appeared be-
fore Judge- Mogan yesterday, each charged
with cruelty to their children. There was
a similarity in the cases in the fact that
drunkenness was responsible for their j
negrloct of their little ones and that both j
husbands had concluded to give up the j
effort to reform thHr wives.
Bridget Haynes lives at 612 Howard
street. Her husband is a 'longshoreman,
with only one leg, and he was forced to
leave her owing to her habits. About a
month ago she took the pledge before
Judge Fritz, but promptly broke it. Friday
f vening she was arrested by Policeman
Moriarity. She had be^n fighting with a
neighbor and had a black eye. When the
officer rnt^red the house a baby 10 months
old was sucking at an empty beer bottle, |
having been without food or drink for
twenty-four hours. A plrl 3 years old was
crying for something to eat.
Nellie Qualts, 354 West Mission street,
hail been arrested five times for drunken-
ness and once for cruelty to children. She
has three children, the oldest 4 years of
age. She was found drur.k Frlda'y night.
The throe children were In a terrihle con-
dition. Her husband left her last Sunday,
giving her some money for food and cloth-
Ing for the children, but she spent it all
on drink.
Both women were convicted on the
charge of cruelty to children and were or-
dered to appear for sentence to-morrow.
The Judge intimated that he would give
them the limit— six months. The children
have been taken care of by the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
« ? »
Fall in Line.
Exactly at 9 o'clock to-morrow will the
Boston Shoe Co. commence their combina-
tion sale of shoes. The doors will posi-
tively not be opened until then. On sale,
1000 pairs of ladies' shoes and ties for 50c
a pair; also 500 pairs men's hand-sewed
Vlci kid, box calf and tan shoes, worth
none less than $3 50. for only Jl 80 a pair,
at the Boston Shoe Co. sale of Bhoes, 773
Market street, near Fourth. •
c STRICTLY RELIABLE.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.,
M^v Specialists.
***^ Ji\ *• fi \ v^T** I> ~' ES ct v 'tality. rrematurenrss. etc.. is causal by chronic inflam-
fc^ 1\ v 1 // *£. matlon of the IVontate <;iand. producing dlf">rd<»rp.l function of the
V \V fr? // // "rganfi. and U NOT a WEAKNESS, but a SYMPTOM,
y. iX.V/f // VVe emphatically cure thin cIaEH of caws In «»i:rht week*, proving
\\ 1 ' i // our assertion correct. Many men who have unsuccessfully treat-
» 7 erl f.,r a weakn*ss will new understand the cause of failure.
We make a specialty of contracted disorders of MEN which have
become rtrmnlc and complicated from neglect or tmjiroi>er treatment.
We are the only specialists In San Francisco with a thoroughly equipped hos-
pital for the accommodation of out-of-town patients and others wishing to remain
during treatment
Cur offices are the most elaborate and private In ths city and contain every
mo em appliance and Instrument known for the cure of these dsorders. We have
the largest practice on ths Pacific Coast, treating every form of Y/eakneSS and
Co"tr--ct£ri Diseases of Men, and bsolute'y m'hing else.
¥ARICOCELE
CUREJ IN ONE WEEK
At our office, or Jour we?ks of hom-
treaTnrrr, wiMout electric belt
cr suspensory. VV- hay- cur d over 2 000
case* of virico:!- without a < nzle lai-
ure or unpleasant r-su t We Invite cor-
respon enc* nnJ fu lest Investigation of
our m-'hods and reliability.
Offi t hou s, g a. m. to g p. m., Sun-
day* incluJeJ.
ENTIRE UPPER FLOOR.
997 Market St. Cor. 6th
AN AVALANCHE OF ANIMALS
DUMPED INTO AN OFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
cooooeooooooo©«ooooooco©ooooooooao»ooo9#©09©o
© ©
o . •
• . •
I Three Wash Fabrics! I
9 •
S F*EAU DE SO/Eg
O A new silk finished Sateen, elegant new designs In navy blue, new blues, g
O purple and black ground, white and lavender figured; fine value at 50c. q
$ Market- street store only. SPECIAL at 4Oc Yard. 9
©
9 MERCERIZED SILK ZEPHYR- %
2 -A. new substitute for silks, permanent finish, in hello, lavender, blue. 0
5 cray and pink, warranted fast colors; good value for We. ©
o Market-street store only. SPECIAL at 35c •
g SCOTCH DIMITIES- S
J? In a great variety of small patterns and dainty colorings; good value •
** for 25c ©
q Market-street store only. SPECIAL at 15c Yard. 5
Q S
| KOHLBERG, STRAUSS & FROHMAN, I
O 1220-1222-1224 MARKET STREET. O
O •
ooeooeeooooooooeooooes^tjooooooooocoooooooooooo
19SHOOTING TOURNAMENT.
California Inanimate Target Assccia-
tion Opens at Fresno.
FRESNO. April 13. -To-morrow there
will bogin hr.re 'he eighth annual tourna
ment of the California Inanimate Target
ARsociatinn. for which an attractive pro
gramme of m*'<ial and prize events has
bwn arranged. All day long the visiting
trap shooters were at the grounds near
the Pollaeky depot at practice and famil
iarizing themselves with the loral condi
tions. The weather bids to be ideal. There
ar<- at l*as=t 1.7) marksmen in town already
but more will arrive to-night, especially
from the valley counties. The Olympic
Club has the largest representation here.
Association Games.
MILWArKHE. Arril 2*.— Milwaukee S. Cbi-
MIXXKAPOLIS. April 2?.— Minneapolis 2,
KanysK nty 1.
rLF.VKUNI), April 2S.— Cleveland 14, Indla
nare-IIK 7.
BUFFALO. April IS.— Buffalo 12 Detroit 7.
Music at the Park.
Following Is the park programme for to-day:
Overture. "Romantlque" Keler Bela
Mazourka <3e Concert, "La Czarina" Ganne
Scenes from "Travlata" Verdi
Waltz, "The Wizard of the Nile" Herbert
"Offenbachlana" Conradl
Fantasia from "Robert le Dlable"... Meyerbeer
Barytone solo Selected
Walter H. Colverd.
Descriptive, "A Musician Astray In the
Forest" Herman
Overture, "Raymond" Thomas
"Dewey's March" Chambers
Stockton Team Wins.
STOCKTON, April 28,-Stockton defeat
ed San Francisco this afternoon In a fist
game, in which clever team work and
good base running won out by a score of
4 to 2. Jack McCarthy of the locate made
one of the most sensational plays seen on
the Pacific Coast, or on any other dia
mond. In years. He stole home from third
base in the ninth Inning on a pitched ball
by securing a good lead while Fitzpatrick
was unwinding his arm in a long swing.
The hits were scattering with the excep
tion of one inning on each side, when the
runs were made. Score:
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, cf 4 0 10 5 0 0
Courtney, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 10
Pace, c 4 1 2 1 2 0 0
Jack McCarthy. 1f... 1 1 0 2 1 0 1
Babbitt, ss 3 10-1210
Morrow, rf 4 1114 0 0
Pine, tb 4 0 2 0 7 0 0
Moore. 3b 4 0 10 2 10
Whalen, p 3 0 0 0 13 1
Totals 30 4 7 5 27 S 2
SAN* FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. 3b 4 0 2 0 3 0 1
McCarthy, lb 3 1 1 0 13 0 0
Krup. cf 4 0 0 0 10 0
Hildebrand. rf 3 1 1 0 1 0 0
Levy. If 4 0 1 Q 2 0 0
Schwartz, c 4 0 1 0 4 3 0
Rellly. 2b 4 0 0 0 16 1
Pteples. ss 3 0 0 0 13 0
Filzpatrlck. p 3 0 0 4 13 0
Totals '. 12 2 « 0 27 15 2
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Stockton 00000030 I—4
Base hits 10000031 2—7
San Francisco 00200000 o—2
Base hits 11301000 o—6
SUMMART.
Runs responsible for— Whalen 1, Fltzpatrtck
3. I^eft on bases— Stockton 3, San Francisco 5.
Sacrifice hits— Jack McCarthy. Courtney, Bab
bitt. Double play— Peeples to Joe McCarthy.
Hit by pitcher— Jack McCarthy. Bases on balls
—Off Whalen 1. off Fltzpatrtck 1. Struck out—
By Whalen 2. by Fltzpatrick 2. Passed balls-
Pace 1, Schwartz 1. Time of game — One hour
and thirty-five minutes. Umpire— J. Donovan.
Scorer— A. H. Harlin.
W. N. McCarthy's schooner Ramona, the
yawl Phyllis and the sloops Juanlta and
Catherine cruised over from Sausalito and
lay at unchor in the cove.
To-day the first cruise of the season will
take place under signal from Commodore
H. D. Hawks" flagship May. Several Cal
ifornia yachts will join the Corinthian
fleet and most of the San Francisco Club's
boats will also be on hand.
Yesterday was also the opening day for
the California Yacht Club in Oakland
Creek. Throughout the day the yachts
lying off the clubhouse displayed all their
available bunting until the sunset gun
was fired. In the evening the members and
a few guests gathered in the clubhouse,
where a simple but abundant supper
awaited them. A variety show followed.
To-day the fleet will cruise under signals
from Commodore E. N. Walton, on board
the sloop Embla. After beating out of the
creek the course will be designated as
soon as the open waters of the bay are
reached. The fleet will probably stand
over to the watorfront of San Francisco
and will there join the San Francisco and
Corinthian fleets, cruising In their com
pany.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
Time— 1-16. :OS%; 3-16. :3M4; 9-16, -.55%; 13-16, 1:21H: mile, 1:40%: 1 1-I6m. 1:47. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, -J.S. Gibson's b.' m.. by Fellowchaxm-Czarina, Winner
received a- very persuasive ride at the price. Away well. Silver Tone could have won.
Opponent shut oft by Cromwell. Scratched— Alaria 98, Torslda 103, Lady Meddlesome 104.
McCoy to Talk to Young Men.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock Secretary
McCoy of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation will address men only at the
association hall. He will speak on "The
Younjj Man and Ills Decision/
Even a fool gets credit for wisdom he
doesn't possess when he appreciates the
bright things you say.
BERKELEY ATHLETES ARE
SPEEDING EASTWARD
Fix Up a Rubbing Boom on the Cars
and at Each Stop Go Through
Their Events.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ELKO, Nev., April 28.— The team of ten
! sturdy athletes from Berkeley is speed
ing across the continent.
At Reno, where the men breakfasted,
they were received by the University of
Nevada men, who were introduced by J.
C. Stubbs, a former student of Berkeley.
After loaving Reno a rubbing room was
fixed up in the car and each man was
given a thorough kneading of muscles.
This will be rept-ated each day until New
York is reached. At Winnemucca each
man went through his event and got thor
oughly loosened up. At each station,
whether the stop be for half a minute or
more, the boys get out and play ball.
While at Winnemucca, Walsh, the mile
walker, picked up a horseshoe, which will
be kept as a mascot. There is also an
other mascot in the person of a cute little
girl, whom the boys have decorated with
blue and gold ribbons.
The. team will reach New York City at
1:30 p. m. on Wednesday. After staying
there for an hour or so the men will go
on to New Haven, where they will rest
until they meet Yale. Saturday, May 5.
May 6 they will go to Princeton, where
they will remain, until the Eastern inter
collegiate meet, which will take place
May 25 and 26. On May 12 will occur the
meet with Princeton and on May 19, at
Franklin Field, the Californlans will com
pete with the University of Pennsylvania.
The Western intercollegiate field day,
which will be held at Chicago, takes place
on June 3.
Thirty-one American locomotives ara
ready for shipment from Philadelphia to
China, with 200 tons of steel rails for
Japan.
Bobbed on Barbary Coast.
J. C. Patterson, a railroad employe, was
robbed of J2OO In coin, a valuable gold
watch and chain, a Masonic emblem and
other jewelry on Barbary Coast Friday
night by some unknown persons.
According to Patterson's story he visit
ed a number of saloons on the coast,
drank in each of them sind finally lost con
sciousness. When he awoke from his stu
por all of his property was missing.
Stole the Ferry Bell.
Several weeks ago the large bell at tha
ferry was stolen by bay pirates. Tha
theft was reported to the police and last
night Sergeant Tom Ellis and Polica Of
ficer Connors arrested three men and
charged them with the crime. They gava
their names as Robert Thompson. Joe
Sotto and James Jinks. The bell has not
been recovered.
11G.%. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse. $300.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
(Copyright, 1900. by H. H. Egbert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK. Saturday. April 2S. 1300.— Weather fine. Track fast.
Woodmen's Benefit Bazaar.
The bazaar of the Woodmen of the
"World In aid of the bureau of relief closed
In Native Sons' Hall last night with a caa
carone party. During the evening the
Woodmen formed In a hollow square and
gave the salute of honor to the American
colors, after which President Masses, on
behalf of Tamalpais Camp, presented a
beautiful silk American flag to California
Circle of the Women of Woodcraft, the
gift being accepted on behalf of tha cir
cle by the guardian neighbor. This was
followed by an addrens by Head Consul
Falkenberg. who arrived from Denver.
Colo., yesterday on an official visit to tha
coast. Then there was dancing until a lata
hour.
LEADERS ARE TIED.
Philadelphia and Cincinnati Struggle
Hard for First Place.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
Clubs— W. I* Pet. ! Clubg— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 6 3 .700 New York... 3 4 428
Cincinnati .. 6 3 .750 Chicago ....3 5 .375
St Louis 5 3 .625 Plttsburg- ... 3 6 .333
Brooklyn ... 5. % .€25 Boston 2 6 .250
PHILADELPHIA, April 23.— 1n the pres-ence
of 11,760 spectators Philadelphia Indulged In a
batting matinee to-day at the expense of
Pitcher Doheny. Every man on the team, with
the exception of one, made at least one hit.
ami doubles were numerous. In the seventh
inning eleven men batted. Five hits were
made, three being doubles. New York's only
run came In the eighth on a two-base hit by
Selbach and a single by Doyle. Score:
Clubs— R. 11. E.
New York 1 -9 4
Philadelphia 19 17 1
Batteries— Doheny and Warner; Donahue and
McFarlar.d. Umpire — Connolly.
PITTSnURG. April 2S.— When Plttsburß tied
the score In the eighth Inning there were hopes
of her winning the only real game played here
this reason: but Wagner's error and good bat
tlntf hy Cincinnati In the tenth gave the visi
tors" five run*, making It three straight games.
Attendance, COCO. Score:
Cluhs— R. H. E .
Pittrburg < > 2
Cincinnati 7 13 2
Ratterie?— Ch^yhn and 7/mmer; N'pwton and
Kaho". l.'mpirf— Swart wood.
BROOKLYN, April :?.— With Kennedy's bril
liant pitching and sharp flpjllng behind him.
Boston wa« never In th» hunt to-day. A home
drive by Jones with the ba.«<»s full ppnt Nich
ola to th» bend! at the end of the first Inning.
r>ir.«>n. who succeeded him. was effective until
the sixth Inning. Attendance. 6600. Score:
IV>ston 1 6 1
liro..k!yn 10 11 0
natteriep— Xlrhols, Dlneen mid Clarke; Ken
m-'iy and McOuire. I'mplre— lCmslle.
CHICAGO, April 2S.— noth teams struggled
for nine innings tn-day without getting a man
over the plate, the game being strictly a
pitchers' battle. Cllngman's errors started St.
l»uls off In the tenth. Burkett was hit with
a 1 it' hr-,1 ball and a double and single followed,
counting for three runs. Chicago scored one
run on a gift, an out and Dungan'g single. At
tendance, ISOO. Score:
cnl^T ?• f E i ;
St. Louis 3 7 2
Ratterles — Garvln and Donahue; Youtnj and
O'Connor. Umpire — O'Pay.
CHICAGO. April 2S.— Third Baseman Wol
verton. of the Chicago National League team,
was released to-day to the Philadelphia club.
as follows:
The Tax Collector may demand the exhibi
tion of any license for the current term from
any person, firm or corporation engaged or em
ployed In the transaction of any business for
which a license Is reaulred. and If such per
son, firm or corporation shall refuse or neglect
to exhibit such license the same may be revoked
forthwith by the Tax Collector.
Scott Immediately served notices on the
Board of Supervisors and the Chief of Po
lice that the club had been deprived of its
license, and his deputy, Morris Levy, will
swear out warrants for the arrest of
Groom and Gibbs for having given a box
ing entertainment at a place other than
that specified in their permit. The club's
license was granted last January by ihb
Board of Supervisors on the payment or
$1000. The subsequent peVmit for a box
ing contest specified that the same was to
be given at Woodward's Pavilion, whereas
the Neill-Murphy contest was pulled off
at Mechanics' Pavilion.
Scott says that if the National Club had
made an application for a change in the
locality where the light was to be given
they would have complied with the law
and the application would have been
granted cheerfully. No fees would have
been exacted for this application, it being
simply a formal matter.
Scott says that he did not care to stop
Friday night's fight, as such a proceeding
might have been deemed highhanded.
Scott indignantly denied Groom's accu
sation that he had made trouble for the
club because he had been refused a block
of tickets to the fight.
NATIONAL CLUB
IS DEPRIVED OF
FIGHT LICENSE
Tax Collector Scott Revokes
a Permit Granted by
Supervisors.
Tax Collector Scott yesterday revoked
the license of the National Athletic As
sociation, of which J. D. Glbbs and J. J.
Groom are the controlling spirits. Scott's
action is based on the refusal of the club's
managers to exhibit the license under
which it was presenting the Nelll-Murphy
contest Friday night. The section of the
charter under which the Tax Collector
claims the right to revoke the licenses is
MY GYPSY COMES
HOME IN FRONT
OF ROSORMONDE
Sprightly Bit of Horseflesh
Also Lowers a Coast
Record.
The miniature racing marvel My Gypsy
is now a coast record holder. Beaten last
Wednesday over one mile and a quarter
at Oakland in 2:06, the filly evened up
matters yesterday by lowering the colors
of Rosormonde over the same route, and
lowered the coa.st record to 2:05? i as well.
Gypsy, with S7 pounds and J. Ranch in
the saddle, ruled a strong favorite and
was never headed. Rosormonde found the
Journey a trifle far, but made a gallant
bid. being beaten but a couple of lengths.
The Fretter and Constellator were never
contenders, the showing made by the pair
causing considerable comment.
The attendance was large and the bet
ting entirely satisfactory to the book
makers, who as a rule "kick" on the
slightest provocation. Four favorites had
their numbers displayed as winners.
The 8 to 5 favorite Coming Event took
the introductory number very handily from
Flush of Gold and Lobosina, two out
siders. Mrs. C. a well backed one from
Johnny Campbell's stable, showed plenty
of hi «. .»; for three furlongs, when she died
away.
Rollick, the best of the Burns & Water
house two-year-olds, won the kindergar
ten number without much effort, starting
a 2to T> favorite. Grafter held Phil Archi
bald safe, securing the place.
There was a steady play on Novia at
odds of 11 to 5 to win the six furlong
event, third to be decided, with quite as
much coin going into the books on De
Ulaise. After racing in front to the
stretch Novia died away. Sumrt, on Do
Blaise, then came through, beating out
the 12 to 1 shot Merry Boy a heart. Pat
Morrispey never showed any speed.
It was considered peaches and cream for
Headwater in the seven furlong jaunt.
Hughey Jones' fast sprinter closed a 7 to
10 chance, and at one stage of the run
ning it looked as if the 40 to 1 shot Tizona
would land. Ranch sat down hard on the
favorite, ilnally pulled the race out of the
coals by half a length. The others ran
badly, far below par.
Backed from 15 to 6 Snips, with Mounce
again in the cab. rattled into the depot a
neck before Twinkler. Silver Tone was
flagged at the start or he would have won.
<=i}=3IBURN Cove presented a gay sight
yesterday afternoon on the occasion
II of the opening of the season of the
Corinthian Yacht Club. In front of
the clubhouse the entire fleet lay
at its moorings, brightly decorated
with fluttering signal and prize flags.
Not quite all the yachts are in com
mission yet, but it will not be long be-
I fore the whole fleet is ready to get under
I way. During the afternoon the clubhouse
was crowded with ladies and members,
the former in bright dresses and Easter
hats and the latter in natty yachting cos
tume. Dancing, music and song made the
hours pass pleasantly. The ladies re
turned to the city by the 5:40 boat. The
yachtsmen donned old sailing togs and
eagerly awaited the signal to attack the
clam chowder and other good things pro
vided by Port Captain John H. Keefe.
The 6:30 boat from San Francisco brought
a few more yachtsmen to swell the al
ready largo crowd. About 8:30 the mem
bers "and their guests gathered in the large
Commodore of the Corinthians and Two Yachts of His Fast. Fleet.
clubroom. After a number of "fresh news
of fresh subjects" had been shown on
Gorter's wienerwurstoscope the Corin
thian stock company rendered a comic
sketch entitled "A Hot Time in the
Cooler." in this piece twenty-five char
acters were enumerated in the cast, which
included Sighor Abramoft, Dave McLaugh
lin, George Ryan. Jack Cathcart, R. B.
Mitchell. O. Franks. W. Hynes. Frank
Thompson, Ren Tarbox and several other
favorites. The piece was full of rollicking
fun and delighted the audience. After the
Arabian quartet had performed audience
and actors alike went below for "a wee
bit to drink and a something to eat." It
was morning before all had retired for the
night.
The Corinthian fleet lying at anchorage
in Tiburon Cove includes the yawls Naiad,
Arcturus. Kittiwake, Spray, Nereid and
Diana, the sloops Rover, Phoenicia, Paul,
Mignon, Speedwell, Ella. Edna. Lapwing,
Aeolus, Cupid, Merope, Wawona. Truant.
Presto, Harpoon. Clara, Emllie, Freda,
May. Halcyon, Twilight, Dawn. Sappho.
Queen. Emma, Sans Souci, Mistral and
Mischief and the yawls Spray and Seven
Bells. J. D. Spreckels* schooner Lurline,
CORINTHIAN TARS OPEN
THEIR YACHTING SEASON
VICTORY RESTS
WITH BERKELEY
BASEBALL TEAM
Stanford Badly Beaten by
the Wearers of the Blue
and Gold.
SAN JOSE, April 2S.— TT)« closing and
deciding game of the series between Stan
ford and Berkeley was played at Cyclers'
Park to-day before 1500 people and was
easily won by Berkeley by a score of 10
to 5. Stanford came down In a special
train with an army of enthusiastic root
ers and lost mainly on account of the
ragged work of Pitcher Lannlgan. It was
one of his blue days and he did not seem
to know what he was there for. He let
nine men take bases on balls and gener
ally handled the stick as though he did
not know what it was made for. Other
wise the game was well played and some
fine work was done by both sides. The
score:
BERKELEY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hunter, a. a 4 114 3 2 0
Braly, Sb 3 110 14 2
Smith, c 2 2 0 17 0 0
Kersburg, p 4 2 2 10 0 0
King, 1. t 2 2 1 3 2 0 1
Farry, lb 4 110 8 0 0
Fuller. 2b 4 1112 10
McKennon. c. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Meln. r. f 3 0 0 0 2 10
Totals 29 10 7 10 27 I 3
STANFORD.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Lougheed, o 5 0 1 0 < 1 0
Kdwards, s. 5. ....... 5000122
Btrohn, 2b 5 110 2 11
Murphy, c. f 6 112 111
Havens, lb 4 12 0 9 0 0
Cowdon, 1. f 4 110 2 11
'Lanigan, p 4 0 0 12 4 0
Symonds, c. f 3 12 10 10
Brown, 3b 3 0 0 ( 0 1 1 0
Totals 33 5 t 4 24 12 6
RUXS BT INNINGS.
Berkeley g 0 0 0 0 0 2 1 o—lo
Stanford ..1 00010120—5
SUMMART.
Bases on balls— Kersburg 1, Lanigan 9. Two
base hits— Lousheed. Havens, Kereburg. Thr««
base hit — Kersburg. Struck out— By Lanlgan 4.
by Kersburg 7. Passed balls— Lougheed 3,
Smith 1. Wild pitches— Lanlgan Z. Time of
game — 1:43. Umpire — O'Connell. Scorers —
Cameron and Earle.
LEASHMEN FIND
GOOD SPORT AT
INGLESIDE PARK
Several Short Enders at
Good Odds Are Given
the Flag.
»
The run-down of '.he non-winners* stake
at Ingleslde Coursing Park furnished
some good coursing yesterday. A few
shortenders landed, and most of them won
en their merits. The hares showed
strength enough to make the hounds do
some long courses and relief dogs had to
be turned loose In several Instances.
Victor Boy, Spiteful. Magic, Crosspatch,
Shylock Boy, O X Capitol. Spindle and
Granada we're forced to do heavy work to
raise the nag. Safeguard won a good
course from Flyaway at odds of 1 to 4.
Spindle, at 1 to 6. beat Lady Claire in the
longest course of the day, winning on
merit. Alarue showed improved form and
heat Miss Cable at 1 to 24 handily, and
against O X Capitol to-day stands a good
chance. Remus won his course from
Mary Ann, the latter bein,? withdrawn
after an undecided, and all bets were de
clared off High Born Lady got the flag
from Terronite after a fair run. She sold
short end in the betting at 1 to 3.
To-day's programme is made up of
evenly matched dogs and winners will be
hard to pick. Clarkson's dogs Flower or
Gold and Golden Garter seem to have a
good chance in the finals. Following are
the day's results:
Non-winners' stake — P. Horgan's Manila beat
J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson; T. Fannlng's
Knya. Cliff beat T. A. Gaffney's Sir John Ar
nott; W. C Gla.-won's Santonin beat S. Han
¦cn'a L. S. Oinley; F. McComb's Motto beat J.
Edmonds' Morning Glory; J. Potter's Remus
beat M. Tierneys Mary Ann; J. R. Smith's
Master Davenport beat R. E. de B. Lopei &.
Son's Minne Wa Wa; J. Holden's Scottish Chief
beat D. Dillon's Prince George; J. Moriarlty'b
Snapper Garrison beat F. Passon's Merry
Maiden: J. Byrnes' Olympus beat Sterl &
Knowles' O'Hara; James Dean's Brilliantlne
beat Connell Bros.' Green Isle: Russell. Allen
& Wilson's Victor Boy beat D. J. Healey's
Maggie N; J. Edmonds' Go On beat A. John
son's Mountain Beauty: A. T. Leonard's Mas
ter Lawrence beat P. Horgan's Lucretia Bor-
I gia: James Hurley's Hurricane beat Barteis
j Brcs.' Beer Brewer: J. Df»n'« Sweet Lips beat
' A. Van den Burg's Naughty Girl; A. T. Leon
; ard's Mayflower beat R. E. de B. Lopez &
\ Son's Carmenclta; Russell, Allen & Wilson's
: Spiteful beat T. J. McHugh's Maid of the Mill;
i J. McNelll's Black Hawk beat G. Shaman's
Walt a Bit: J. Flower's Keystone beat C.
Leavy's Babe Sheridan; H. A. Peckelman's
Snapshot a bye: E. M. Kellogg's lowa Maid
beat M. J. Kelly's Ever Sure; D. Shannon's
Safeguard beat H. A. Deckelmans Flyaway:
J. Mnoney's Silent Treasure beat D. Dillon's
Europa: T. A. Gaffney's False Flatterer beat
W. N. Hoag's Lady {forborne: Dan O'Connell's
Satan beat J. R. Smith's Victor; J. R. Smith's
Lady Sears beat W. Perry's Campania; Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory beat J. McEnroe's Nor'
west: J. Tt. Smith's Magic beat M. Mlchalek's
Terrona: D. Shannon's Strand of Gold beat P.
J. Nolte's Fire Laddie: H. A. Deckelman's
Rocker beat O'Shea Bros.' Merry Girl; J.
Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat T. Nevln's Nellie N;
E. M. Kellogg's Ben's Babe beat D. Ford's
Bonlta; Kay Bros.' Crosspatch beat J. McEn
roe's Lady Trilby; Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Miss Allen beat D. Tolar.d's Twilight Jr.: R.
L. Taylor's Beauty Spot beat C. O. Peterson's
Silver Cloud; R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Sara
beat T. Fannlng's Babe Murphy: W. C. Glas
son's Sleigh Bells beat William Calrne's Impe
rial: E. Reddy's Chauncy beat C. Levy's Wilrl
Game: W. Stark's Thunderbolt beat McCarthy
& Muller's Brentwood Belle: C. Bonner's Wild
Norah beat Curtis & Son's Echo; I). E. Wiley's
High Born Lady beat M. Michaleks Terronite;
James Hurley's Shylock Bojr beat S. Handy's
Lady Hugo: James Hurley's O. K. Capitol beat
P. J. Nolte's Fire Queen; W. H. Shear's Alaru.»
beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Miss Cable;
George McDougall's Spindle beat D. J. Hea
ley's Laidy Claire; D. J. Healey's Granada beat
J. Moriarlty's Jimmy Anthony: P. M. Clark
son's Flower of Gold beat S. Mahoney's Nellie
G; P. M. Clarkscn's Golden Garter beat S.
Handy's Free and Easy.
STRONG HARES
MIKE COURSING
VERY EXCITING
Fliers of the San Joaquin
Plains Show Well at
Union Park.
Two Three-Minute Courses Indicate
That Strong Trials "Will Be the
Rule Hereafter — Luxor Is
Stake Favorite.
A brace nf throe-minute trials at Union
Courting Park yesterday indicates that
hares are rur.r.ing much stronger than
they have been for several weeks. The
majority of the trials yepterday were
alxjvf the average, the scores being much
larger than usual. The first of the long
courses was between Cash and Rowdy
Boy. the former ¦winning after th*>y had
run three minutes and five seconds. The
Fccond was between Oriole and IJabadln.
They ran three minutes, when Madge
Wildfire, the relief dog. was refused. She
ran fifty-six seconds, when the hare was
assisted to epcaj>e by Slipper Jam*-? Grace,
who picked it up cleverly and dropped It
over the fence out of reach of the dogs.
I^uxor is the stake favorite at even
money. Warship, which did not show
brilliantly yesterday, is 2H to 1: Flora
McDonlaJ 4, UcKtnley and Whitehead 6.
Ireland. Brutus and Hot Hapte 8. Honor
Bright. Chicagro lioy and Herpchel's Pride
10. Ireland made an impression on the
epectators, leading Julius Caesar ten
length* across the field. Curtis & Sons
Showed a new puppy which is expected to
distinguish himself later on. He is a half
brother to Beacon, being by Skyrocket-
Vanity Fair, and is called Anchor.
Flying Fox ran in great furm. leading
Master Clalr two lengths. Favorites were
uniformly successful during the day. The
hlfrgt'St upset wa s the defeat of Vandal, a
Z to 1 favorite, by Crawford Rex. Th*
former had the speed, while the latter had
stamina. Slim beat St. Oran. a 24 to 1
favorite. afi*>r an undecided. Three fa
vorites, all at 5 to 2 in the betting, went
down in a row. Aneas beat Victor King.
Bonnie Pasha beat Diablo after the latter
led and Grafter beat Sir Pasha. The de
tailed results, with Judge John Grace's
official score, follow:
T J Cronin'* Maid of Bail b*at D. K. Car
ter's Travilllan. 7-1; R. K. <1« 15. Ix^pezs Craw
ford Vu-x. t-»at T. J. Crania' a Vandal, s-7; J. I.
O'nrien's Statesman l>eat K. F. I>avls' La<ly
Godiva 7-0; Curtis & Son's McKlnley t*-a.t
Pasha Kennels' Itnllirkir.g Airs. 4-1; Ous Ab»r
erorr.hie'e Hot k Island Hoy beat J. Carroll. «
Krlti's Hop*. M! V. Van Si>osten's Magn»t beat
J. P. Thrift's Tar BUI. S-5; T. J. Cronin'e
Thorr.hill beat J. Carroll's Bluertone. 5-2: F.
Drown'a p-nrert Briar t#at T. E. Lovelady's T
n U, S-9; '"urtis & Son's <'ash beat H. L. Tay
|< r s I'owiiy Js<»y. 27-V; T. Logan's Honor Bright
l.«T.t H. Lyr.rh's L»-xln*:ton. 4-2; Russell. Alien :
A: Wilson's Chicago Boy l«>al Erwln &. Lyon's (
May yupen. 4-1: J. M. Halton's L«v<>niler boat j
K. & R. Scott'a Lord Byron. 4-2; Aeneid Ken- '
Tf\f' Agamemnon beat J. O. Farrell's Blick |
Marcos; t-0: D. Winder's Random Aim beat i
•j.- Tpe Nethrrente's Fr<»da C. S-0; Land* & |
Orb*r> Uienzi b^at Al Austin's Los Angel's.
l<i-C>; Curtis & Son'f CavalW boat J. Carroll's
n«>d Hlr.d. 7-1: K. P. Whitings St. Anthony
twet <"; W. Heintz'p Coquet. 3-0; T. J. Cro
r.ln's Vixen b«>at Curtis & Son's Anchor. 4-3:
I'avha Kennelfe' Round About belt D. K. Car
t»r'» Hirh Jinks, 4-0; J. P. Thrift's Brutus !
t>»*at D. WinfWs Uisky Attempt. 4-0: L*>we & I
Thompson's Flora McDonald beat W. Crea- I
lr.or's- Jfssv Moore, Z-2; F. A. McCoir.b'o One |
Rpot \<fnt «'urt!s &• Son's Vulcan. 5-0: Pt*rl & '
Knrwies' Beetr Mist beat N. P. Whiting's I
Wodena. 7-0; E. M. IMlogg's Kid McCoy beat i
R. L. Taylor's Winning L«SFie. 3-0; Ous
AbereromMe's Rork Island King beat Pasha
Kfni!-!f' IJest Assured. 4-2; R. E. de B. Lopez's
P»-r"i ¦ bye. Castle Island Boy withdrawn; :
Ma her & K»id's Singleton beat K. E. de B. Lo- j
r*>z«= Crawford I-ass. 10-S; U. E. de B. I>opez's
Crairfort I.aJ beat F. C. Mack's IJella M. 6-4;
P. AloCabe's Boney Boy beat Eugene Casser
ly'p Silence. f.-0: R. E. de B. Lopez's Soft G«>ode
I^-at J. Ennix' October Woodcock. €-2; Lowe &
Thomjifon's Prince Hal be*t Aeneld Kennels"
Mail «f Erin. S-2: F. A. McComb's Little Plster
l-oat N. Be^K's Beaj Peep. S-l; J. Horn's Bona
Fide l»at E. M. Kelloggs Sweet Emma, 3-2; I
Pasha Kennels' Metallic beat F. Brown's Tarn- j
rrany. f.-0: Acneid Kennels' Aeneas beat Gus '
Alxfrrorrbie's Victor King. 4-3: E. (leary'g
BaOßte Pafha beat R. E. de B. Ix>pez's Diablo,
7-3: P. J. Reilly's Grafter beat I". A. McComb's
Sir Pasha. <i-l; Curtis i- Kens Blackette beat
F. Caaseriy'a Lady Blanche. 7-1; J. Martenet's |
Flim beat Lcv.-e &. Thompson's St Oran 5-*- I
G. W. Heintz's Herschel's Pride beat H. |
Lynch's Lottie M, 3-1; J. I. O'Brien's Wander- I
in;; Tom b»at Al Austin's Thomdaie. 13-6; X i
Ge«rv*« Ireland beat Russell. Allen &' Wilson's
Juliu* <Vfar, 22-2: Al Austin's Firm Foe beat
A. Johnsrn's Lowlander. irv-5; J. H. Harrison's '
Hot Haste a bye. Maid of the Hill withdrawn; I
J. O'l»nw<rs Btaaotarer beat J. Murnane's Wild
wo'«i, 5-2; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox beat Rus
sell. Allen & Wilson's Master Clair. S-2: J.
Carroll's Auckland beat T. Iran's YAsa Griz- i
zlo. 12-*': B. M. Kdlopg's lowa Boy beat Maher |
& Reid's Nr-Ilie Bawn. 14-2: R. E. de B Lo-
I^-z'p Whit'h^ad b*at A. Vanrterwhite's I>ear !
King. 6-1: W. If. lord's Revolver beat M n i
Kavanp.uths H.-rd Lines. S-; : Curtis & sin's i
Luxor t*a- M. Wf-lch'e Marj- Jane's, 5-0; Pasha !
Kernels' Royal Anne beat C. L. Appleby's i
Martha Washington. ?-«; J. U. "V\ - . Mulle'r's '
bruiser tx-at T. I-oean's I>»ah. 6-2: M. London's !
Magneto tK>at B. She* han's Gattee. 5-0; W De
laney's Oriole beat Babadin, iT»-6; T. J Cro
nin's? Rose r,f Trslee beat J. P. Thrift's Tyrone
Prince. «>-3; M. Welch's Bendalong beat J M
Halton's Ooria'a Flashlight. »-<\; P J Relllv's
Warrhip beat Pasha Kernel's Rude Awakening
<"-2: J. Anthonys Patriot lieat P. J. Refily's
Willful Widow. 5-4; P. J. Relllv's Ploughboy
*x-«t T. Lufiwlc's* Lady Garnet. 6-2.
The rr.ntrh between P.eacon and Palo I
Alto will lie the feature of this afternoon's !
•¦tinning. The fast dojrs remaining in the !
op<^n stake should also provide sensa- J
tlonal sport if the hares continue strong. '
SENATORS WIN
IN EASY STYLE
FROM OAKLAND
The Sacramentans Find and
Badly Punish Steffani's
Curves.
Listless and Careless Game In Which
the Result Was Never in
Doubt at Any
Tim*.
Sacramento 8, Oakland 3.
Michael Steffanl. dude and Greek
scholar, was untwisted, unraveled and hit
all over the grounds yesterday afternoon
by the heavy stlckmen of Sacramento.
With Oakland's costly errors thrown In
the capital city team was permitted to
push men over the rubber at all times.
The game lacked interest on account of
Its one-sided nature. The Senators start
ed out on the Jump to keep the boy at
the Scoreboard busy. Oakland did not
P, as » a man over the plate until tire
eighth.
At the very outset of the gram© after
.McLaugnlin s out Devereaux took a con
stitutional, finishing his course around th©
sacks on Eagan's single to right, which
Dunleavy allowed to roll through his
hands. Two fouls Into Hammond's hands
ended the inning. In the second Shana
han, who went to first on a single, scored
on Stultz's two-bagger.
The third brought a couple of runs to
the Senators. Eagan and Stanley stepping
over the rubber by reason of hits ana
rare Juggling. Then for two Innings the
Senators rested. In the sixth there was
some lively stick work. Hanlon connected
for two bases, scoring when Stultz rolled
the ball to deep center for three bags,
subsequently scoring on Doyle's single.
McLaughlin also scored before the Inning
was over. Stanley added run eight to Sac
ramento's column In the seventh.
Dunleavy opened the end of the seventh
with a long drive to the roofs back of
center. Luck was against him. for tha
ball bound«d back Into tha grounds and
his bag chasing ended at third.
Oakland's run in the eighth went to
Schmeer's credit. He was safe at the
first station on Eagan's bad throw and
made second on Hammond's hit, going to
third on an error of Stultz and scoring on
Franck's out.
In the ninth Oakland saw a gleam or
hope. Dunleavy and Moskman walked,
but Lange and Hardle died In rapid suc
cession. Schmeer hit for a double and
Dunleavy scored. Hammond hit to short
and Mosklman scored, but Schmeer was
dropped at the plate. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McLaughlln, 1. f... 6 1 0 0 S 0 0
Devereaux, 7b 4 1 0 0 1 3 1
Easan. s. s 6 14 10 3 1
Stanley, c 4 2 10 12 0
Hughes, r . I 6 0 0 0 10 0
Shanahan. c. f 5 1112 0 0
Hanlon, lb S 1 1 0 14 1 1
Stultz. 2b 4 1 2 0 3 J 1
Doyle, p 4 0 10 2 10
Total 41 S 10 2 27 12 4
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer, s. ¦ 5 1 1 1 3 1 3
Hammond, c 4 0 1 0 6 1 I
Hutchinson. lb 3 0 117 0 0
Francks. 2b 8 0 1 0 3 3 n
Drennan. c. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Dunleavy. r. f .3 110 0 0 1
Mosklman, 1. f 3 1 0 0 3 1 1
Lrfimre. 3b 4 0 0 0 2 10
•Steffanl. p 4 0 0 0 0 5 0
Total 32 3 5 2 27 13 5
•Hardle batted for Steffanl In the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS ET IXNINGS.
Sacramento 11200310 0 — J
Bast hits 12200401 o—lo
Oakland 0 00000013—3
Base hits 10000210 I—s
StniAIARY.
Runs responsible for — Steffanl. 1. Three
base hits — Stultz, Dunleavy. Two-base hits
— Stultz. Eagan. Har.lon. Schmetr. Ftrst
base on errors — Sacramento 4. Oakland 3. First
base on called balls— Sacramento 2. Oakland 3.
IWt on bases— Sacramento 5, Oakland 5.
Struck out— By SteffanJ 2. by Doyle 1. Hit
by pitcher— Devereaux. Double plays— Francks
to Schmeer. Passed balls— Hammond 1. Wild
pitches — Steffanl 1. Time of game — 2 hours.
Umpire — Graves. Official scorer, J. W. Sta
pleton.
A UF SKILLcD. SPECIALISTS, ESTABLISHED IN 1881,
CURE Lost Manhood, Wasting Weakness, Unnatural Losses, Nervous
Debility, Stricture, Rupture, Varicocele, Hydrocele. Tumors, Private
Diseases, Sleeplessness, Kidney Diseases, Bladder Diseases. Spine Dis-
eases, Blood Poison, Skin Diseases, Rectal Diseases. No injurious Med-
icines or Electric Belts used. No incurable cases taken.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE AT OFFICE OR BY MAIL.
ALL REMEDIES AND APPLIANCES FREE TO PATIENTS
AS A GUARANTEE DR. MEYERS & CO. will let the patient de-
posit the price of a cure in any bank in San Francisco, to be paid after
he is entirely well. If it is not convenient to do this, payments may be
made monthly. No other doctors will make such an offer
HOME CUBES A SPECIALTY. If you cannot call/ write for pri-
vate book, diagnosis sheets, free advice, prices and other particulars Cor
respondence solicited. All letters confidential. Cures sent safely by mail
or express, free from observation.
DR. MEYERS & CO. Conduct the Largest and Best Equipped
Medical Institution and Have the Most Extensive Practice in America.
731 Market Street, elevator hou^-s to 5 d.n,.
/^V BAN FRANCISCO. ENTRANCE, irrn^'o":
Time— %. :12%; %. :37: %, I:KV*. Good start. Won all out, second and third driving. Win
ner, Antrim Stable's b. f., by Imp. Calvados-Katrlnka. Winner had best staying qualities.
Flush of Gold ran a nice race. Mrs. C a flash in the pan. Cue thrown against fence.
Scratched— For Freedom 117. •
HOG. SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Time— r,-l6 :31- 4Hf "S6. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner. Burns
A Waterhouse's eh. g., by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick not bo much speed as
usual. Archibald slow beginner. Scratched— Follow Me 108.
1 107. THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward: purse, $350.
Time— >;. :25: >£. :50; %, 1:15. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. J. Rothert's
eh. h., by Perblalse-Devotee. De Blaise cherry ripe Just now. Merry Boy away poorly. Alas
showed improvement. Morrlssey off badly. Novta stopped. Scratched— Morelta 93.
I1«»S. FOURTH RACE— One mile and a quarter; Alameda hdcp; 3-year-olds & up; purse, $500.
Time— V4. :20: >4, H9&: «i, 1:14%; mile, 1:40%: l%m. 2:05%. Good start. Won all out. second
and third driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. f., by Forester-My Gyp. My Gypsy
cut out her own pace. Fretter and Constellator . both sore. Captive messed about.
Scratched— Twinkle Twlnk 90. ;
1 U>!>r FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and upward: purse, $400.
Time— H, :12%; %. :36%: • H. 1:02: T4. 1:27%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
H. .L. Jones & Co.'s br. K-. by imp. Watercress-Headflower. Tizona gave the favorite a
stiff argument. Sly queerly ridden. Toribio can do better under other circumstances.
Sugden cut off at start. • ¦ ¦ ' •
1170. SIXTH RACE— One mile and a sixteenth: selling; fo^r-year-olda and up; purse, JJOO.
I P^fil fossil fod-av^
L ,
{ } Over-eating-, working- and drinking may have caused it, or you
may have caught cold. Makes you feel mean — bad taste — and
y a headache. Go upon our advice just ooce and take i
© (
ido^ti§Lyi& CANDY CATHARTIC <
} MARK REG I STE RED ? rfH^^ <
* i i
I f No mercurial or pill poison in CASCARETS, but an absolutely I i
I | harmless, purely vegetable compound. Pleasant, palatable, (
potent. They taste good and do good. Get the genuine C.C.C.
' f Any drugrgist, 10c, 25c, 50c. Take one now and I i
jj¦ < i
: Feel well tomorrow ;
' : HI 412 <
20
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
U42 Coming Event...... .107 1
1OSS Flush of Gold 117 9
1147 I»boslna 117 8
1136 Fine Shot 112 7
.... Mrs. C U7 2
1113 Formatus 109 6
1163 Cue 122 10
1123 Frank Duffy Ill 5
1031 Summer 112 4
1131 Honduran 119 11
1147 Katie Walcott 117 3
_K
H_
2a
3 2
6 1
4 2
1 1
10 5
7 h
5 1
11
9 1
%
1 1
32
5 1
4 1
6 2
7 Vt
R Vk
9 2
11
10 3
Str.
Fin. I Jockey.
1 2 Ranch ....
2 4 H. Shields.
3 \Vt Ruiz
4 h Ruchanan
5 h Shaw
6 3 Rozeman .
7 5 W. See....
8 Hassard ..
9 h Baystni?er
10 5 Vlckery ..
11 X. 11111..^
I BettlnR.
I Op. CI.
... "2 8-5
6 - 12
.. '"«> W
.. • 6 15
..3 4
7 13
..3 4
.. 40 75
.. 10 12
.. 50 100
.. 10 15
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
7TI3S) noUick 110 4
(1110) tJrafter 110 1
1143 Thil Archibald 103 8
1104 St. Rica 110 2
1130 Oaylon Brown 110 7
1104 Rl Oriente 113 3
(114S) Illilouon 10S 5
1143 Jim Hale 110 9
1128 Kellerophon 113 6
...
¦
H
12
3 1
6 V 4
7 3
5 1
4 •*
• 9
8 H
%
1 4
2 1
3 '-*
4 1
8 2
6 H
5 hi
1 1
9
Str.
Fin.
1 2
2 5 '
3 2
4 Vi
5 2
6 V 4
7 2
8 6
9
_l Jockey. |
11. Shleldn I
I. Powell
Baf>slnger
Ruiz
J. Woods
Buchanan ....
Bozeman
O'Brien
Macklln
lOp^
I 2-5
8
8
10
10
60
15
30
100
Cl.
2-5
12
H>
10
25
25
50
100
Index. Horse Age. Weight. |St.
1156) De Blaise. 4 109 S
moo Merry Boy, 6 109 8
1163 Alas, 3 96 5
115S Mountebank, 3 SO 2
1152 Torslna. a 107 6
1162 Roselbra. 6 107 9
1146 Pat Morrissey, 6. ...104 10
BS6 Novla, 5 107 1
1111 Ksplrando. 5 109 4
IH4 ITterp. 4 99 7
SSJ Racery, 4 104 11
X
V,
3 H
6 1
7 M
5 h
2 H
9 2
10 5
1 4
4 1
8 %
11
3 Vt
5 1
6 1
4 1
2 I
1H
7 2
10 1
U
Btr.
Fin.
1 n
2 5
3 4
4 2
6 1
§« 'i
7*
8 1
9 1
10 6
11
_ Ji-ckey. |i
~H. Stuart
I. P0we11......
Mounce
Fauntleroy ...
Holmes
J. Woods
Ranch
Buchanan ....
Bozeman
Basslnger ....
I.otrup
IQp.
5
5
7-2
15
8
15
3
2
30
30
CI.
3
10
7
10
12
39
5
5-2
23
6i)
10.)
Index. Hqrpe. Ak*. Weight. 'St. hi
1150 My Gypsy, 3 87~1 1 1
1157 Rosormonde, 5 104 4 3 2
115S) Captive, a 112 6 * hi
IUO The Fretter, 4 103 3 6&
1157 Constellator, 3 96 2 2 1
1154 Rapldo, a 8S ' 6 6
H
1 2
3 1
6
5 h
2 1
4 1
%
1 3
2 ltt
6
5 2
3 5
' 4 1
•
Str.
1 3
2 3
5 2
?
3 3
6
Fin. I Jockey. |Qp. Cl.
1 2 Ranch 1 4-3
2 8 Buchanan .... 2 18-3
3na Ruiz 5 5
4 3 Mounce 6 13
a 6 BaFsinger .... 6 ?
6 Mcßride .:.... 50 60
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. (St. Vj
UISS) Headwater, 4 1101 7 6 4
1107 Tlzona, 2 .92 5 2 2
1121 Sly. 6 113 3 In
1157 Dr. Sheppard. 6.... 121 2 3 Vt
920 Torlblo, 5 ;...108 4 * hi
1156 Hugden, 4 .... 103 1 8
1146 I,ob Medanos. 4 ....106) 8 7 1
1158 Jingle Jingle. 4 10l| 6 5 1
¦4
4 h
12
5 1
2%
3 h
7 2
S
»2
S
iM
2 2
* H
3 1
6 1'
, « 1
g
7 2
Str.
1 H
2 3
4 ft
3 1
55
6 2
7 1
8 ~-
F»n.
1 %
2 5
3 2
4 4
5 1
6 1
7 1
8^
Jockey. |Op. Cl.
Ranch 1 7-10
H. Stuart 40 40
Ruiz 5 5
IH. Shields I 4 5
IMounce | 5 9
I. Powell I 20 3D
Alexander f 15 30
_ Buchanan | 10 7
Index. Horn*. Ae>. UVlght. .St.
1145 Snips. 6 102|4.
1150 Twinkler. 5 107 3
1164 Silver Tone, 4 103 7
1154 Storm Klnr, - 6 ..107 6
1145 Montanus, 4 . 103 1
1128 Cromwell, a 110 2
1145 Gauntlet, 4 ..: ..103 3
1152 Opponent. 5 .:.... ...104 5
1111 Jennie Reid, 4 101 8
W>ieht. St.
6 1
4 1
5H
1 3
2 H
7 h
8 8 ¦
9
3 -
V,
5 V 4
2 1
4H
1 2
3 h
8 8
6 tf
9
" 7 % ¦
-%.~ Str. Fin. [ Jockey. |Op. ci.
3 1 *2 1 In Mounce 15 fi
2 1 in 2 1 Shaw 3 4
4h 3 2 3 IV4 Buchanan .... 6-2 5-2
12 4>4 4 h Bozeman 4 5
6^4 5 1 5 6 Norton 20 30
5 h 6 1 6Vt Basslnger 20 12
8 2 7 6 710 Ranch 4 5
9 8 8 2 H. Ktuart 3 4
7 6- 9 9 J. Woods 8 12MRS. AENLLE'S NOBLE
WORK IN HOSPITALS
Wife of Wealthy Spanish Cigar Man
ufacturer Who Nurssd Sick
Soldiers in Manila.
Mrs. P. Aenlle of Manila, who came up
on the transport Sherman as a guest of
the Government because of the work she
did in the military hospitals in the Phil
ippines, has made her home in Manila
for many t years. Her husband is a
wealthy cigar manufacturer of the isl-
OPENS MAT Ist. Rnund Trip, $3 75. Send for
circular*. FREESE & JUERGENSEN.
Proprietors. City office, JIS Larkln street
ands, of Spanish descent, but extremely
friendly to the Americans. Since the war
began Mrs. Aenlle has been a volunteer
worker In the hospitals, and has spent
not only her time but a considerable
amount of money in trying to alleviate
the sufferings of the boys in blue who
have been wounded in battle or stricken
by disease.
Said an invalid officer, who Is home on
sick leave: "I was compelled to lie
In the hospitals for many weeks, nursing
a broken shoulder, and I speak from »x
perience when I say that the work of
good women, Hko Mrs. Aenlle, fg of more
real benefit to the sick and helpless sol
dier than all the doctors and medicines
put together."
Mrs. Aenlle has a large family in Ma
nila. She has brought two of her chil
dren with her nnd will take them East
to put them in school. She is not travel
ing at the expense of the Government,
as has been stated, but was merely given
I Blankets I
8 AND g
I Underwear! I
1 s
8 8
£ The right kinds and the right §
<» weights. All-Wool Blankets. O
J? from 5 pounds to 16 pounds, in vj
$ scarlet, gray, brown and blue. A
£> A large assortment of the right 0.
$ kind of Underwear and Over- V
ft shirts, in lipht and heavy weights; jfji
Oj also linen Mosquito Canopies. p
§ Call and examine our goods; §
r, you will find the prices right. '<$
| C CURTIN, 1
I 911 and 913 fil RKET STREET. |
Officials Know of
Unlawful Acts,
but the Fraud
Does Not Stop.
each case to Adams' authentic records In
making up the figures given here.
Adams is the Southern Pacific and
Wells, Fargo & Co. agent at Colma, and ia
also Postmaster. He acted In a very pe
culiar manner when asked to produce the
Colma records and would not do so until
ordered by the Coroner. He at first flatly
denied having any records. When asked
why he did not make a report of the glar
ing discrepancies in the matter under In
vestigation he said he had "had his eye
on the proposition."
When asked if it was likely tho Chinese
•were burying more than one set of bones
under, one transfer he said he did not
think so, but promised to open the next
box brought out.
Investigation shows startling discrepan
cies between the records, of permits given
here and transfers issued at Colma.
These* records demonstrate that a very
small percentage indeed of the "fish
bones" are reinterred. During ' the last
sixteen months, for instance, at Colma
about 760 Chinese burial transfers .were
obtained, while 1737 removal permits md
657 original burial permits were obtained
in San Francisco, a total of £394, leaving
1634 bodies yet to be accounted for. Dur
ing the month of December last, 718
Chinese removal permits were obtained
here, while the records at Colma show a
total of ojly fifty-seven transfers for that
month.
During January 43S removal permits
were issued here and not one removal
transfer at Colma. During March twen
ty removal transfers were issued to sev
enty-eight permits given, and this month
there have been issued 200 removal per
mits at the San Francisco office, against
thirty-eix transfers at Colma.
During January and February last
there were 112 original burial permits is
sued here and fifty-six were Issued by
Adams. How many Whalen rave out Is
not known, but he could hardly have
made tae totals balance. Nearly every
other month shows a difference that could
not be accounted for by Whalen's trans
fers.
"We wrote to the Coroner of San Ma
teo about this matter when it was first
called to our attention," said President
Williamson of the Health Board yester
day, "but for some reason he did not
deign to reply. We cannot follow every
wagon that leaves here with Chinese
bones into San Mateo County."
The reason so many bodies were
"rushed" out of the old cemetery just
before the charter went into effect that
is that the disinterment inspector re
ceived $2 50 for each body removed un
der the old law.
Ship Human Re
mains as Fish
BonesandThus
Evade the Tax.
FRAUD In the matter of shipping
the remains of Chinese to the
flowery kingdom is at present the
subject of Investigation by the lo
cal Health Department and the
police, whose aid has been enllßted by
Health Officer O'Brien. The board has
finally become awakened to the fact that
the city has been defrauded of thousands
of dollars Justly due it and Is still being
victimized by the wily Mongolians.
The investigation was commenced sev
eral days ago. Health Officer O'Brien de
taling department employes and also
placing the matter into the hands of the
Chief of Police. It is the sacred belief of
every Chinese that his remains should
finally re?t in Chinese soil, and the bones
of dead wanderers from Cathay are ship
ped to their home country from all parts
of the world. In California there is an
"export duty" on these ghastly Mongo
lian relics. The sum of $10 is demanded
by the city for each full set of bones
shipped, a State statute providing that
this amount be paid for each permit to
phlp the remains of a human being out
of the State.
The health authorities suspect that most
of tha great number of bodies disinterred
from the old City Cemetery on Point Lo
bos road ostensibly to be reburied in the
Chinese graveyards In San Mateo County
were really sent to China and without
payment of the $10 fee demanded for each
ekeleton.
Further than this it Is prohable that the
bones of many Chinese who now die in
this city and for whose burial In San
Mateo County permits are obtained are
really shipped to China, instead of being
taken across the county line for burial
The flesh is removed from the frames of
the dead Celestials by boiling, or some
other process. It is thought, and the skele
tons sent back across the sea as "fish
bones." under which name the Chinese
ship the last relics of their dead fellow
countrymen.
That white men are helping the Chinese
in carrying- on this fraud is probable. Si
lence is the chief commodity the Cau
casian abettors would have to sell fn this
affair, and the Mongolians could afford to
pay a pood price. A demand for an in
vestigation made at the proper time would
have probably resulted in the entire stop
ping of the illegitimate practice, as it will
purely be stopped now if the If^cal Health
Department sees fit to do its duty and pre-
MONTFVIS7A OPEN MAT Ist: tons of
lUU 'IE TIJ A fruit: help yourself; Hhi*.
trated circular. THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
Flat. CaL
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ti> A GREAT RfSXOXiATXVJi. i-N VXlioiLA-
tor and Nervine.
Tb* most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tentc for the Sexual Organs for both aaxe*.'
The Ileilcan Remedy fcr Dlsea**-* of the Kl4-
n*ys and Bladdar. Sells on Its own merit*.
NABER. ALFd * BRUNE, Agent*.
IS lUrket St.. S. F.— <S«nd for ClreuUr.j
An Interesting Letter From Cape
Nome.
T. C. Crawford, who left here about two
years ago for Dawson, writes from his
camp, about 100 miles east of Nome, of
the wonderful richness of the country.
The letter was received by G. W. Price,
manager of the Krogh Manufacturing
Company, 9 Stevenson street. Mr. Craw
ford writes he has found dirt running $40
to the pan, but the average is $2. He has a
No. 4 Krogh pump and a twelve-horse en
gine and boiler, which machinery, he says
he could rent for $1000 a day. He enters
with detail Into the best methods of hand-
Ming; this sand, which he has discovered
by personal experience. He advises a
man to bring all the comforts possible,
including his family. A person going to
Nome would do well to call on Mr. Price
''and read this letter, as Mr. Crawford's
experiences are very Interesting.
MRS. HOWARD TARLETON.
and yet he wan good to me. I managed to
ccrape alone, but it was a dreadful struggle,
and never a night did I sleep until I saw him
*afely In bed. Hp rarely came home till near
daylight, and how he ever stood It all these year*
I dr.n"t know. What cured him waa a remedy
called Golden Fr>ecinc, a powder to be mixed
with coffee or fqod or anything liquid. I gave
It to him secretly. I saw an article in gone
newspaper about this remedy, and It seemed to
be Just the thing. I thought of it day and night
for quite a while and then concluded to try It,
come what might. You know the rest of the
story. It was only a few days when he said:
'Mother, I have resolved to stop drinking.' He
put his arm around me. kissed me passionately
and with tears rolling down his cheeks begged
me to forgive him for all the misery he had
caused me. And he did stop. That remedy had
done its work, and if there ever was a message
straight from heaven it was that article In the
newspaper which told me to uee Golden Spe-
cific" This remedy Is the discovery of Dr. J.
W. Haines. ISS6 Glenn building. Cincinnati,
Ohio and he sends to every woman who writes
him a free, trial package of Golden Specific, so
she can try It for husband, eon or brother, and
thus save him from a life that must eventually
prove his complete ruin. Do not fail to write
at once for this free trial package.
Mining Man Found Dead.
Theodore Fox, a mining speculator and
accountant, was found dead in the Oaks
Hotel at 119 Third street last evening. Thfe
man has been HI for some time. Death re-
Bulted from a rupture of the aorta.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELI'S MINEKAI.
SPRINGS at Glen Ellen Is the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. The
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
stomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In
the world; 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cheap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. CVDONNELL, office 1021VJ
Market St.. b?t. Sixth and Seventh, 8. F. If
you want your health this Is the place to go.
FAmOUS
GILROY EOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousand* of
cure* cf Rheumatism. Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Polsonlnr Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaint*. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Bathe, refitted and Improved. Magn'.acent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unenualed for health, rest and
recreation. Rater. $12 to $14 per week. Trains
't*v» Thlnl and Townsend streets. S. F.. » a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at Ollroy
far sprinsa. For llinstrafeii ramphlet* address
n nOBPP.TCOV. Proprietor.
GLEN PARK will open to-day for the
summer season and a lively bill of
entertainment, will be offered. More
than twenty separate vaudeville
features will be presented at the theater,
the most novel and sensational of which is
the turn of Oura's royal Japanese troupe
of gymnasts. These athletes, of whom
there" are 6even, do some remarkable feats
on the slack wire. This is not the only
high class number on the card, as the pro
gramme will attest.
Out of doors the park will present many
new attractions. A balloon ascension, a
slide for life and other hair-raising blood-
Btlrring events will be in order. A dacing
cyclist who rides his wheel down a ladder
160 feet lons from an elevation of 100 feet
will be a feature of the open-air enter
tainment. Besides all this a band of four
teen pieces will provide music during the
entire show.
The brightness of its attractions is what
has caused Glen Park to become such a
popular resort. There is always some
thing startling and novel to be seen there
and the sunshine that floods the park adds
to the pleasure.
The new management announces that It
Intends to make this one of the most
popular of the many pleasure resorts In
the vicinity of Ban Francisco. It Is ex
pected that the opening day will furnish
ample proof of the claims of the manage
ment In this respect.
— ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 3lst day of Decem-
|>er. A. D. ISS3. and for the year ending on
that <lav, ac made to the Insurance Commls-
r!-aer of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections CIO and €11 of the
i Code, condensed aa per blank fur-
CUfced ty tie Commissioner.
CAPITAL^
Anocst at Capital Stock, paid op in
Caeh $500,000 00
ASSETS.
ResJ Est&te owned by Company $33,043 03
1, t-.t en Bond and Mortgage L764.20S 89
(.*•: l';.rW Value of all Btuck* and
Bor.«* owned by Company 2,956,504 25
Amount cf Loans secured by pledge
of :••¦". Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 141 %2X II
Caeh In ecstasy's Offlce 40.647 73
Cash in Banks 1i8.614 53
Interest due and accrued en ail
Stocks ar.d Loana 25,283 77
Interest <!ue and accrued on Bonds
aciS ITortgtges 46.272 21
I*reir.:u2i« In due Course of Collec-
tion 804.132 3S
Rents «ne *nfl accrued 1,630 go
t»ue from ether Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 15.911 40
Due fcr nJviige oa losses paid l.ci OS
Total Assets $«.250.C2» 42
rjABILITTEa.
Lcsaac A&Jurte6 end unpaid $152.667 42
i, -t-s In process of Adjustment or
IS Suspense 1£9.6€5 7(
Losses resisted Including expenses... SS.2OS 81
LnjM prealum* on Fire Risks run-
clnt; one year or leas, J1.i50.t32 S3;
relM-jranoe 60 per cent 815.28*42
Cross premium* on Fire Risks run-
ntn« more than one year. n,210.-
646 15; reinsurance t>ro rata L 165.508 S4
Arnoust recialsjable by the Insured
en perpetual Fire Insurance
I-olldo* 1,857,243 10
|Jj other demand* against the com-
any 34LC9 U
Total LtabUltlM ....- - 54.740.53 C r.s
INCOME.
Pe* Ca*h acttuJJT received for FJre
pr»n-.lu=is : $2,485,711 57
Received for Interest on Bond* and
Montages 197, C1S 8»
r.ectived for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
aM ether sources 144,196 33
fcecfcjved for Rests 8,868 7S
lwp'«:t premiums received for per-
j*tual Fire risk* W.J9I «S
Total Income M.519.78* 1J
EXPENDITtmES.
Pet amourt paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding IZA,:n 07 losses of pre-
vious years) $LB'*6.BC2 43
Dividends to Ptockholdem 20,000 00
paiii f>r allowed for Commission or
Brokerage C3L290 14
Pel"! for Salaries, fee* and other
chant** for officers, clerks, etc 2T4.22S 64
Paid for .-..:-. National and local
t£.xei. 83,140 79
HI other payment* and expenditures 206.943 23
Totil Expenditure* .....' ..t3.122.5C8 19
Fire!
Uvrrt Incurred aurin* the year $1.1574.032 00
Risk* end Premiums. ! Fire R!«ks. I Premiums.
(Set amount of R|«ks(
written during the!
****" I 1268.750,92* J3.2t3.C64 84
Bet amount of Rirks
expired during thei
**•»¦ 2C7.KI.SW J.Oa.JtS 17
Cet etnount In force
I/ecerr.ber 31. ISW. JP2.2T.2.707 4.041.078 OT
E- C IHVIN. President.
c- ». -_w F :. VIS ' T HEJtKNESS. Secretary.
FubBcrib.<l an<l nv Tn to bef ore me, this 2Sd
lay of Jar.vary. lWlfi.
THOMAB B. PHOPsnn. Notary Public,
T. C. SHANKLAND.
«taU A«ent fcr California. Nevada, Arizona
and Hawaiian iKlanfis.
JOHN D. RICHARDS,
M&nfccer Pan Krancitco Department.
21* Ear.t.; )me st.
Telei^hone Main 6C24.
KEW WESTER* HOTEL.
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON 6T8.-RE-
modcled and renovated. KlXcj WARD 4
SO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day
IB to *S week: Kto 120 month. Fr** baths; hot
md cold water every room; fire grates In every
loom; elevator runs all nS*bt.
Weekly CaJJ,sl.O(Tper Year \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Drunkards
Easily
Cured
I Mrs. Howard Tarleton Wants Evepy
Lady Raider of This Paper to
Know How She Saved
Her Son.
Used an Odorless and Tasteless
Remedy in His Food, Quickly
Curing: Him Without His
Knowledge.
Trial Package of This Remedy Will Be
Mailed Irse to Show How Easy It
Is to Cure Drunkards.
Every woman In thin broad lani Is srlven an
Inspiration In the words of Mrs. Howard Tarle-
ton, whose address is box £46, Lebanon, Ohio,
that trust result in the greatest temperance
crusade ever started. She cured her son of
drunkenness after he had become a sot, a com-
mon loafer, and now he is a reformed, upright
citizen, rejoicing with hie mother in the won-
derful reeult and the marvelous remedy that
brought about this grand change In his life.
"Yes. I cured my son of drunkenness," eald
Mrs. Tarleton, when Interviewed about It. "Al-
though I am his mother and proud of him, I
must say he was a wayward man for a good
many years. He waa what the newspapers call
a bum. or a saloon Joafer, drunk ail the time.
Young Men's Institute.
On the 17th lnst. Strohmayer Council
was visited by Grand President St. Sure,
Grand Secretary Stanley and Grand
Trustee DollardJ The following night the
grand president and grand trustees named
visited Columbia Council; on the 19th
Grand Second Vice President O'Leary and
Grand Director Myrick visited California
Council in Alameda: on the 26th these of
ficers will visit Cathedral Council.
Pioneer Council will give an entertain
ment and dance on the 17th of May.
On the 17th inst. Major Geary delivered
an address on "Campaigning in the Phil
ippines" before St. Vincent Council of
Petaluma.
a passage on the Sherman through the
courtesy of General Otis, as a small
token of appreciation for her services.
GLEN PARK OFFERS
NEW ATTRACTIONS
The Co-operative Brotherhood.
The Co-operative Brotherhood Is hold
ing meetings every Tuesday In Scottish
Hall, and there is always a good attend
ance, as the doors are open to all who
may desire to attend. National Organizer
Rev. W. E. Copeland of Salem, Or., will
arrive in this city early in May to deliver
addresses. The brotherhood has received
a number of photographic views of the
colony at Burley, Wash.
.HUSKS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER, Mgrt.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hnt and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Liv;ry.
Hunting: Horses and Dcg«. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will b»
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates. $10. $12 and $14 per week.
resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms. IlKhted br Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCTIESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Danclnir In Ballroom every erentn*: George
W. Watson. Dancing Teacher. Tennl» and Qoif
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Addrexs HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. SlB Montgomery street.
Hichland Srr!r.r« Mineral Water* on sale at
OAKLAND PIONKKR SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster rtreets. Oakland;
AHRENS. PBIN & BULLWINKLE. 6SO Post
street. Sun Francisco.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In the midst of grand and Impressive
mountain scenery with Me. Shasta
and the Crass for a
background.
OTJTE HUNTING AND FISHINO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
abla rates.
RAILROAD FARE. round trip, including
sleeper both ways, 914.00.
For rates, terms and r.iher Information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Care Pacific Improvement Company,
Crocker building, San Francisco.
The biggest frauds prepetrated took place
of course in the removal of the bodies
from the old City Cemetery, which began
last August and Is still going on, though
of the 2000 or more bodies Interred there
but few are yet to be removed.
No charge Is made here ; under the char
ter for removal permits, but in San Mateo
County 50 cents Is charged for a burial
transfer. Half of this goes Into the pocket
of the Deputy Coroner making the collec
tion and the balance into that of Coroner
Crowe of San Mated County. These trans
fers are issued on the burial or removal
permits given by the local Health Office
C. J. Adams is the Deputy Coroner at
Colma who Issues the transfers for the
larger Chinese cemetery. A Deputy Cor
one,r Is appointed for every cemetery in
Colma. M. Whalen Is the deputy who is
sues transfers for the smaller cemetery.
He could' not be found yesterday, but
Adams said he averaged ten transfers a
month, and this number was added In
CHINESE DEFRAUD CITY
OF THOUSANDS IN FEES
vent the shipment of any more "flah"
bones until the tax has been paid.
During the last few months but a half
dozen permits to ship human remains to
China have been bought at the health of
fice, and for the came period many cases
of fish bones have been going to that
country aboard the Pacific Mail steam
ers. Alexander Center, manager of the
steamship company. Is authority for the
latter statement. Mr. Center would not
divulge the names of the shippers, but
they are supposed to be Chinese firms of
undertakers or their representatives.
Further burying in the City Cemetery
was prohibited more than two years ago,
and In March, IS9S, live of the Chinese
companies bought five acres of land In
"Happy Valley," close to Colma, for a
graveyard, and In the same month the
King wung Benevolent Socletj' bought a
small tract near by. Since that time nil
burials of Chinese dying in this city have
taken place in those cemeteries.
ADVEBTISEMEJNTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
THE HEALTH HABIT.
Just aa Easy to Form as Any Other.
We do not deliberately form our pet
habits, but they are unconsciously ac-
quired and prow as we grow, and by the
time we learn they are hurting us, we
find them too strong to be easily broken.
Then, why not form a good habit, a
habit which will counteract the many bad
ones, in other words contract the unfash-
ionable habit of being always well.
The best health habit to get Into Is to
h:{Je> ar.d kocp a vigorous stomach; if you
have a healthy digestion you can drink
your bclovod coffee, smoke your favorite
brand of tobacco, with little or no harm;
the mischief begins when these things are
forced upon the faithful stomach, without
any assistance.
Forn) the habit of taking after meals
some harmless but efficient <Jlg>"!tive
¦which will relieve the etomach of so much
extra work.
Mature furnishes us with tuch digestives
and when they are combined in such a
pleasant preparation as Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets, they give the overworked
etomai-h just the necessary assistance to
secure perfect digestion without any of
thtr harruful effects of cathartics and sim-
ilar drugs*.
1 he habit of taklnjr Ptuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after meals Is as necessary to the
Tveak stomach as food itself, and Indeed
to pet the benefit from food eaten, noth-
ing better and certainly nothing safer can
be used.
Many families consider Stuart's Tablets
ot essential in tho house as knives ar.d
1( tks.
They consist entirely of natural dipest-
Jvc principles without the effect or char-
acterietict of drups; they have no cathar-
tic action, but simply go to work on the
food tat en and ofgest It.
Take into ax-count your bad habits and
the txptir.se they entail and then invest
fifty cents in a box of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and see if your digestion fur the
Dext month Is not vastly improved.
Afk the clerk in any drug store the
name of the most successful and popular
f=t"mach remedy and he will say "Stu-
art's."
e?*2\ §P^ W%s.
B AI» WAT'S KKAUV KELIK* has stood
unrivaled before the public for 60 years as v
Pain Remedy. It instantly relieved and quickly
curee all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
rhltlfc. Pneumonia, Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all painß. Internally
lor AUUoria ill Buwel Pains. All druggist*.
A Japanese Wire Walker.
\ \ '111 1 •/ \ \
The most common of the multitude ot diseases that afflict humanity are
disorders of digestion, and these are of the most far-reaching in their ef-
fects on the general health. Owing to their Immediate nervous association,
the brain at once enters into sympathy with the stomach whenever the func-
tions of the latter are disturbed. So intimately, in fact, are the stomach and
head connected through the medium of the great sympathetic system, that
mental disturbances will not only produce loss of appetite, but also affect the
process of digestion; while this In turn produces depressslon of spirits and
sometimes Insanity!
CAUSES-
• Most persona are familiar from personal exoerience with the commoner cause of
dyspepsia— exceatea in eating and drinking; the excessive use of alcoholic llquors a which
Inflame the coating of the stomach. A disordered condition of the blood renders the
stomach more susceptible to attacks ot Inflammation and Irritation.
SYMPTOMS.
Palpitation of the heart, a trembling In the pit of the Btomach, loss of flesh, restless-
ness, depression of eplrtts. mental and physical weakness, a weak and flabby condition
of the muscles, a dry and hot, burning skin. locs of appetite, acidity of tha stomach,
heartburn, vomiting, flatulence, etc
CI6CII OZOUfi CUBE DYSPEPSIA.
There Is nothing .that equals ELECTROZONE for the removal of this
distressing trouble. "ELECTROZONE is a combination of the very elements
of life. It acts directly on the trouble and removes all impurities from the
blood, causing a healthy flow to all parts of the body, which assists the
stomach in doing Its work naturally.
ELECTROZONE acts like magic In curing dyspepsia. It arrests fermen-
tation of food, prevents acidity of the stomach, Increases the appetite, Im-
proves the digestion and regulates the bowels. The general result Is a posi-
tive cure— a boon to the afflicted.
ELECTROZONE at druggists, $1 a bottle.
Send : for pamphlets to ELECTROZONE MFG. CO., San Francisco.
PABUSO HOT SPRINGS, *•"•££;£..
Monterey County. Cal. — For heaita, raad
climate that caaoot b« equaled; up-to-dit4
accommodations; beautiXu! scenery; profusion
of flowers: hot coda, sulphur and electric
baths: cwltcmtng tank 30x50 fe«t. Our x.a^.'jrj
aro all graduate*. Hunting and fish:.";; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tannis and
dance ball; large hotel and S3 cottages, afford-
ing tpsclal accommodations for families; nil
Illuminated by gaa. By train. Third ani Town-
oend Atreets. San FrmncUco. 9a. m. ; First ar.d
Uiuadway, Oakland 9:13 a. in. dally for :'<.'.--
dad. then by stag* orer beautiful level road 7
miles to iDrtnsr?. R-mnd-trin ticket* S3. at 3.
P. ot?C9. (13 Market street. Telephone ir. I
postofflca. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. I* PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
Take a Hot Sand Bath
Free country life among oak-clad
hills away from wind and fog; a
fine hotel with every modern con-
venience and new home-like cot-
tages. Beautiful hill and valley
drives. FAMOUS MINERAL
MUD and HOT SULPHUR and
SAND BATHS. Enjoy life and ra-
jmin health.-
AT PASO ROBLES
HOT SPRINGS
Flowers and well kept grounds,
tennis, croquet, shady walks and
groves. Rate?, including hotel,
baths and physician's attendance,
$10 to J?l a week. Write for Illus-
trated booklet.
SPECIAL BOON9-TRIF BEBATB TIC2ET3.
For further Information apply to
Frank W. Ely. City Arent. Tel.
Red 23C8. 840 Market at.. S. F.
Otto E. Ktrer, Proprietor, Pass Eoblts, C&l.
If fll
SOUTH BEN LOMOND. CAL
OPENS MAT litb unJer entirely new man-
agement. My personal attention will N» paJii
to th* cuisine and service, which will he *ur-
pasjed by none. Full informttion at Traveler
office, 10 Montgomery St.. or
B. DICKINSON. L*«Jtee.
VICHY SPRINGS.'
Three miles fror.j Ukiah. Mendoclno CountT-
Natural electric waters, champagne batti*: only
place In the world of this clasa of waters
having continuous flow ot natural warm water
direct from sprlnra to bathtubs, Iy>v»ly
grounds: fishing and hunting; crystal spring:
accommodations and tabla first cUus. Opeaa
April 15th.
J. A REDEMTTYTn * CO.. Proprietors.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3W Hours' Ride From Los Anjreles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club/
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The S;x>rt.-<man"» Paradise.
HOTEL. METROrOLE and COUNTRY CLUB,
always open. Oolfyand Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W. THOMPSON.
621 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring Bt., Los Anreles. Cal.
Cl/ATrC HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
Ol\./\vivl© County: only «H hour*
frcm San Francisco and but nlns miles of
ftagiJig; waters noted for medicinal virtues:
best natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery: good trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph: dally mall ar.d expresa: FIRST-
CT;>?S hOTF.L AND STAOK SERVICE:
momintr and nfterr.cen stages: round trip from
Ban Francisco only $5 50. Tika TSburon ferry
at 7:l* a. m. or 3:SO p. m. Terms. $2 a day or
SU a week. Reference*- Any iruest of the Dast
fiva years* catronage constantly inTesalnfr.
' J. FT MUtXJnE-vr. Proprietor.
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
The moat attractive plac* la L#ik» Coantr to
fp*nd your vacation. Beating, bathtnz. bowl-
ing tennta. llT«rjr, new walks, etc. Wr*t* fjr
circular to H. WAMBOIJX
L*nr*l r>n. L«>r» bounty. Ca!.
CARLSBAD^Ss 1 :
MoM beautiful spot in JLake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affection*. Accommodation* first
class: $!0 a week: 11ehte<1 by gaa.
W. R. MGOVERN. Kelseyvtlle, Lake Co.
"A 0 - TOCALOMA, "JJ."
HERTRAXD HOTEL.— First-class accomm'*.
datlons; reasonable rates; for familes ani r*7»
ties: fishing. tMthins. beat'Jt^ful drives to t^'ajr
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BEnTTtAND or Par.l»
shoe »tire, 324 Kearny st., S. F.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, vnder new management, Xiy
15. New hotel l.tiag built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathing. For further particulars
addrec* O. WEISMAN. 41 Third at.. S. F... C*t.
GLENWOOD HOTEL,
Amonr the redwoods, Santa Cruz Mountains; 3
minutes' walkvfrom depot; cream, • fruit, poul-
try: chalybeate springs, swimming tank, amuse-
ment hall; acetylene gas. Round trip, l: 30; t$
to SIC per week; (re* carriace. _ WM. MARTIN,
Glen wood. Cal. ••.•.-.* ¦ " y
THE GEIYScRS,^™
ONE t)F NATURE'S WONDEII3.
Natural steam baths, awlmmlns. tlshlcs.
hunting prut livery. Wvita - for - pamphlet. I.
WERTHEIMEH, Manager.
BANTA CRUZ Mountains— A qulat rtnea, flvs
miles from Santa .Cru*: delightful summer
home In redwccxJa; rur.slnir watsr: ahundanea
- fruit i grood. table; terms 13 3» week. Addresj
W> CRANDEIX. Saata-Cruz. Cal.
VACFMITF £^4 hours from San
.IVIoCITIII 1-. Francisco, via the Bis
Oak Flat route. Stages reave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. dnlly. Round trip froio
San Francisco $32. For further information call
or address WM. J. WHITE. General Agent.
630 Market St.. S. F. : telephone Main 6133.
TO let for season— Furr.lahed cottace In Santa
Cruz Mountains: orchard, barn. etc. Me-
EWrX BROS.. 11"» M'-r.tsomery st !
HOITT'S M BDILO fA RK.
The beautiful grounds and new bulldlnjra at
Holtt's School will opfTi to guests durins June
and July; *ood accommodations, excellent tibie.
reasonable prices. Address IRA O. HOITT.
I PAPOIPSI 1| S
1 Xpricc/ f^f^S^SßS £kß£ \
I EVERYWHERE •
1 They teach, you how \
I to sin and not repent j
THE SHIPMENT CF "FISH BONES" TO CHINA BECOMES AN
IMPORTANT LOCAL INDUSTRY.
21land was killed by falling from the third
floor.- Pinneo has been living in Dimond,
Alameda County. , He was formerly em
ployed as a cracker baker In Denver. His
age was about 45 years.
Dr.: George c. Pinneo of Diamond City,
father of the dead : man, arrived in the
city yesterday afternoon. Pinneo was aub
lect to eDlleotic fits."
GEORGE PINNEO fell through an
elevator shaft in the works of the
Standard Biscuit Company, <• at
Front and Pacific streets,, yester
day. He died soon after from the injuries
received. The story given out at the works
was that Pinneo had a fit while he stood .
on the elevator and was about to descend.
He fell backward and his head struck
heavily on the floor of the elevator, which
was at that time about a foot below the
level of the third floor, and stationary.
Several employes, seeing Plnneo's mishap,
ran to raise the elevator to the le.vel of
the floor. Some one pulled on the elevator
rope that caused It to descend. The in
tention was undoubtedly to have the ele
vator rise, but in the confusion the oppo
site direction was given. As the elevator
dropped Pinnoo, who had been tossing
about in his fit, no longer held in, fell
three stories to the cement* basement.
Pinneo was picked up unconscious and
carried to the Receiving Hospital, and
there he died. The Coroner will investi
gate. This is the second elevator accident
that has taken place In the biscuit com
pany's works this year. Bernlce McClel-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We have just opened a veru large shiDment
of NEW, PLAIN AND PRINTED ART
DENIMS, suitable for draperies for seaside
and countru homes. These goods are all full
36 inches wide and are in the veru latest
designs and colorings.
We have also received a veru large variety of
.PLAIN AND PRINTED SILKOLINES, extra
rjualitu, new patterns and latest shades, and
all full uard wide.
This week we will also show a complete
assortment of 50-INCH TAPESTRIES, 27-INCH
PRINTED VELOURS and CURTAIN MUSLINS
In 36, 40, 45 and 50 inches in width,
NOTE....
Our Mail Order Department is most complete.
Samples of above goods sent to anu address.
Our store will be closed Tuesdau, Mau Ist, all
dau.
*
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Ush pond. Mr. Corrigan.
Hearst Grammar, Eandwicaes, etc.. Mrs.
Wood.
Horace Mann Grammar. Individual lunch
eons, Miss Burnham.
Horace Mann Grammar, milk, buttermilk,
etc.. Miss Hurnham.
Horace i:ann Grammar, May pole. Miss An
derson.
Horace Mann Grammar, bicycles checked at
entrance. Miss Burnham.
¦ I..'uuna Honda, pavilion management, Mrs.
O'Neal.
Le C'onte Primary, crackers and fish pond.
Miss Griffiths.
I»ngfellow, pop corn. Miss J. Smith.
Pacific Heights, general refreshments. Miss
A. M. Stineen.
Polythechnic High School, games on the cam
pus, W. JC. Bush.
Redding Primary, candy. Miss Deane. ,
Sherman Primary, donkeys, Filipino buffa
loes. Miss Hurley.
Stanford Primary, badges. Mrs. -Lyon; Sutro
Primary, hat checks. Miss Magner.
Washington Grammar, gates to entrance, T.
11. McCarthy.
Whittier Primary, peanuts. Miss E. E. Stin
een.
Whlttier Primary, games. Miss E. E. Stln
cen. ;
Sun ray stereotitleon In octagon office, Mr.
and Mrs. J. M. Hutchlngs.
The best thing about it all Is that the
large sum of money that will -be made
will be devoted to a most worthy object
that of providing maintenance for those
who have spent their years Instructing
and elevating the minds of the young.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KILLED BY A FALL
DOWN ELEVATOR SHAFT
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
HIBERNIANS ENJOY A
PLEASANT REUNION
There was a reunion of all the local di
visions of the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians in Teutonia Hall last night to. enjoy
a smoker. Frank Conklfti, the master of
ceremonies, welcomed all to the feast,
after which he called on a number of
members prominent in the order to make
addresses and on others for songs, recita
tions and specialties. The speakers were
J. J. Donohue. county president; Judge M.
Cooney. for Division No. 2; J. J. Moran,
No. S; John Coughlan.No. 10; J. P. Devine,
No. 12; John P. Henry, No. 14; M. Dunne,
No. 17. and John O'Neil. for No. 20. Those
who furnished the musical and literary
portion of the programme were: C. B.
Flannagan, T. w. Hlckey, John Heenan,
Charles A. Swrlgert, George Lowe, Mar
low. Kelly and Hansen, M. A. McEvoy, H.
M. Cullcnden, Perrin and Desier and Peter
Greenan. The entertainment closed with
the singing of "God Save Ireland." by
Eugene D. Sullivan, the five hundred in
the audience joining In the chorus.
During the evening genuine T. D. pipes
were passed around for all who wished to
enjoy a smoke. There was also a collation
and refreshments.
C and D, who each put In $10,000 for their
stock, making $40,000 paid-in capital, which
pays each man 12H per cent dividends on the
same business. Now, as a corporation shall
we tax only the $10,000 of merchandise? If so.
$30,000 (the money of B, C and D) has bren
wiped out of existence as property for tax
ation. This would be contrary to law and Jus
tice. Under our laws governing taxation we
should tax the corporation for a franchise of
$30,000, then the capital or money of B. C and
D Js taxed, and they pay the taxes through
receiving a smaller dividend. 11 Instead of 12/2
per cent. Is any one injured by this?
The Assessors have It in their power in this
war to modify somewhat the evils of excessive
capitalization, and to control to some extent
the ever growing trusts, and exact from them
some adequate tribute.
It Is along these lines that I shall endeavor
during the next few years to equalize taxation.
Until personal property of all classes Is more
Justly assessed, I shall endeavor not to add
anything to the burden of taxation which real
estate Is now bearing.
"WASHINGTON DODGE.
necessity of contributing its quota to the ex
penses of running our government.
This Is well illustrated in the case of a cer
tain millionaire, who, owning no real estate,
is the possessor of personal property to al
most a million dollars. His taxable property,
revealed after an examination under oath, was
last year only $10,000. This amount he had In
vested in bonds, which were then taxed for
the first time. This year, making no return
to the Assessor, he explained, on being sub
poenaed to testify, that It did not pay him to
be taxed on bonds, so he had sold them since
lai=t year and invented the proceeds In the
stock of the Alaska Packers' Association,
which, he Faid triumphantly, "you know you
cannot tax; It is a California corporation." So
he exi>ects to draw his dividends -while his
money, <>r the property representing it, goes
practically untaxed. His wealth is practlcally
a!l invested In United States bonds, which are
exempt from taxation, and Ftock of California
corporations. There is but one way to reach
him, namely, tax the franchise to the corpora
tion, and the tax thereon will fall on him and
com* out of the dividends paid on his stock.
Now, I propose to reach the capital of this
class as far as possible and let It bear its
share of taxation. There are many corpora
tions similar to the one Instanced which should
be taxed tnr franchises for the same reasons.
Thus the California Fruit Packers' Associa
tion has stock having a paid-up value of $2.
773.500, on which regular dividends are paid.
Its total aeseFsed valuation in this State In
all counties where It pays taxes is $355,544;
this would leave Its franchise worth $1,309,756
If we aFsfRS It for only 63 per cent of Its paid
up capital. This assessment will be made.
The California Powder Company has stock
of an actual paid-up value of $1,500,000, having
a market value of $2,250,000. It pays taxes in
all the counties of the State where It Is as
sessed on a valuation of $554, 594. Its franchise,
therefore, is assessed low at a valuation of
$695,100. We must either do this or allow the
millions of money actually invested In this
enterprise, and which are earning a greater
Interest than most Improved real estate earns,
go practically untaxed. This our revenue lews
never contemplated, and. therefore, I shall
assess its franchise as Indicated.
One more example. The Pacific Borax Com
pany has a paid up capital of . $1,900,000, its
market value is $2.550.000. Its total assessment
in California Is $211, 454, in Nevada and Oregon
$19,570. For thin, it being without, the State,
it Is entitled, according to our laws to no
deduction. This makes a total of $231,054 as
sessed valuation. Assessing its stock then at
60 per cent of its market value, we must value
its franchise at $1,478,948.
These are a few only of the many great cor
porations vrhich have In the past escaped a
proper and reasonable assessment.
I Let it not be thought that because they are
taxed for a "franchise" that they Rre regarded
as having an "exclusive right" or that the
franchise In Itself is valuable. It is taxed be
cause under our revenue laws It Is property.
; represented by the capital stock, which would
otherwise escape taxation were the franchise
to remain untaxed, for, under the California
laws, we can only assess the tangible property
at its actual cash value. The same object is
attained In some other States through the law
permitting the tangible property to be assessed
fur in excess of its intrinsic value. Thus Ohio
permits the Assessor to value a telephone box
at a value of $200, though Its cost Is but $5,
on the ground of Its earning capacity. Our
law does not permit this as stated, but attains
the Fame end by assessing the franchise as In
dicated, and the Supreme Court has clearly In
dicated that the full cash value of a franchise
Is obtained when from the market value of
the capital stock we deduct the value of the
tangible property cf the corporation. When
this Is done, the capital stock of the corpora
tion Is practically assessed. If it Is not done,
the capital stock, or the money Invested In it,
escapes to a great extent from taxation.
We assess franchises, therefore. In order that
the corporation may be compelled to pay taxes
on an amount bearing: some relation to the
market value of its capital stock. This is recog
nized as Just by law, and in most States is
made imperative by levying an assessment on
the capital stock direct. This Is clearly Just
and reasonable, and may be made clear by
this Illustration. A has a business in which he
has Invested $10,000 capital In merchandise. It
is a very profitable business and nets him $5000
a year for 50 per cent) profits, but he Is only
taxed for the $10,000 which he has Invested.
Seelnp a chance to capltalli* his profitable
business, he forms a corporation, taking In B,
THE army of school teachers of San
Francisco is still hard at work on
the preparations for their great cel
ebration and festival to be held
Tuesday next, Mayday, at Glen Park.
If success brings happiness, and it will in
this case, there will be a joyful band of
teachers at the resort named on this
memorable day, for it seems as if half the
people of San P'rancisco were going to at
tend this festival. Of course, that num
ber will not attend it, but there will be
one of the largest crowds ever seen at a
resort contiguous to the city. There is
more talk about the Teachers' •Annuity
Society benefit than any other local event
just at present.
How those teachers have worked, too!
Not a detail has been overlooked, and cer
tainly thore are enough details in the ar
rangements for such a tremendous cele
bration. There are so many things to be
looked after that no one can be i<ile who
has anyihlng to do with the arrange
ments. How well the committees have
done the work will be demonstrated by
the success of the celebration, and that
eucceps is well assured. Those who attend
will go away wondering that so many fea
tures could be crowded into one gala day.
The children are working, too, and with
a will. Every day there are rehearsals,
and the pupils will be perfect in the parts
and drills they are to take part in when
Tuesday comes.
School Children Rehearsing for Mayday Exercises at Glen Park.
| There will be booths of all kinds, a reg-
I ular Midway Plaisance of entertaining
I novelties, where visitors can get enough
! tun to keep them in a pleasant mood for
i months. Following is a list of the booths
' and the managers, as prepared from the
I official programme:
Adams Cosmopolitan, shooting gallery. Miss
¦ McColjan.
Bernal Primary, fruit, sandwiches, etc., Miss
i Keating-
I Clement Grammar, Japanese tea garden. Miss
I Callahan.
t Cooper Primary, games, Mme. Pechin.
Denman Grammar, candy, sandwiches, grab
: bag. Miss Smith.
Dudley Stone, Japanese tea. garden. Miss
j Earl.
Emerson Primary, popcorn. Miss Wilson.
Franklin Grammar, phonograph. Miss Clas
j sen.
Entrance to pavilion. Mr. Faulkner.
Girls* High School, rake. Miss Hunt.
1 Golden Gate Primary, peanuts. Miss Falr
j child.
Mothers' Club, grab bas, Mif=s Fairchild.
Mothers' Club, cold drinks. Mlsa Fairrhll"!.
Hai^ht Primary, scientific palmistry, Mrs.
Green.
Hamilton Grammar, cake and lemonade,
j Misses Morton and Strauss.
Hancock Grammar, ice cream, soda, clam
j juice, tamales, sandwiches, hot soups, etc.,
Miss Coleman.
Harrison Primary, salads, Ice cream and
! chocolate. Miss McElroy.
' Fortune telling, Miss MeElroy.
! Hawthorne, salads. Ice cream and chocolate,
Mrs. Mann.
TEACHERS' GALA DAY WILL
BE A MOST MEMORABLE ONE
Captain Hart of the Warren
Too Sick to Take His
Vessel Out.
Many Changes of Officers in the
Transport Service — More Ves
sels on the Way Here From
New York.
t
The United States army transport War
ren will sail for Manila on Mayday. The
cargo is now being rushed aboard and
Captain Dunn expects to have everything
in the shape of supplies and quartermas
ter's stores in the vessel on Monday morn
ing.
The Warren will take away the largest
consignment of troops that has left here
in months. Many officers whose sick
leaves have expired are going back on her,
a lot of men for the hospital corps and
about 600 recruits will about take up all
the passenger accommodation the good
ship possesses. A stop will be made at
Honolulu and the men given a run ashore,
as the plague scare is now over. From
there the transport will go direct to Ma
nila. »
Among the cabin passengers who will
sail on the Warren will be Major Charles
L.. Heizman surgeon, IJ. S. A.; Major Kd
win F. Gardner, surgeon, U. S. A.; Major
F. J. Combe, surgeon, U. S. V.; First
Lieutenant G. A. Skinner, assistant sur
geon U. S. A.; First Lieutenant Benjamin
J. Edgaj\ assistant surgeon, U. S. A.; act
ing Assistant Surgeons Frank R. Maura
and Albert L. Millen; First Lieutenant
Carl R. Darnall, assistant surgeon, U. S.
A., and acting Assistant Surgeon Randall
C. Stoney. Seventy-five hospital corps
men will make up the medical force.
The Warren will go out with almost a
new set of officers. Captain Hart is on
the sick list and will remain ashore for a
few weeks. When chief officer of the Mar
iposa he was thrown off the bridge and
had several of his ribs broken. This was
while the mail steamer was on her way
to Australia. When Sydney, N. S. \V.,
was reached Captain Hurt was sent to a
hospital. His wife was at that time one
of the visitors to the hospital and in that
way she and her husband became ac
quainted. After the Mariposa completed
another round trip the jovial master mari
ner became a benedict and brought his
wife to San Francisco. When the Gov
ernment purchased the Scandla and re
named her the AVarren Hart was made
captain.
AVhen the Warren reached San Francis
co on her last trip Captain Hart was not
a well man, but he held out aa long as
possible, but finally had to go to St.
Luke's Hospital. There it was found that
the ribs broken on the Mariposa in a gale
were causing all the trouble. An operation
had to be performed and a growth on the
bones scraped off. The captain has been
out and about since, but gathers strength
slowly. He will take command of the
transport Sheridan and Captain Pierce of
that vessel will go out as master of the
Warren. The Sheridan will be in port for
a couple of months.
Chief Officer Fred E. Magune of the
Warren is now master of the Lawton.
The second and third officers of the War
ren have taken a step upward in conse
quence. Purser Bucklln left the Warren
yesterday and is now purser of the Nome
steamer C. D. Lane (Irrawaddy). His
place has been taken by R. Center, for
merly Quartermaster Miles' clerk. The
Warren's freight clerk has gone to the.
Lawton as purser. A number of other
changes makes almost a new crew list
for the Warren.
The cabin passengers of the transport
Sherman were landed yesterday. The sol
diers and sick will be put ashore at the
Presidio this afternoon at 1 o'clock.
The battalion of the Fourteenth
Infantry that is aboard contains a great
number of California boys. They are to
be given a welcome home. A tug carrying
a band and a number of prominent Na
tive Sons will go to the transport as soon
as she Is released from quarantine and
will convoy her to the Presidio. Patriotic
airs will be played and the boys will be
given a royal welcome. WTien they land
on Presidio wharf a cavalry escort will
meet them and accompany them to their
quarters.
The transport fleet is to be increased by
three fine vessels. The Kllpatrick, Buford
and Macpherson are now on their way to
Manila via Suez. They will come here
from the Philippines to be fitted out and
will run regularly between San Francisco
and Manila. The tug Slocum is also on
her way here from New York via Suez.
On her arrival she will replace the char
tered tug Fearless.
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Marlon has been sold to H.
ASSESSMENT OF
FRANCHISES TO
RAISE REVENUE
First Tax Roll Under the
New Charter of the
City.
Alaska Packers' Association and
Other Rich Corporations Receive
Uotice of an Increase in
Valuation.
Taxpayers are manifesting much inter
est in the tax roll for the coming year,
the first under the new charter. There
are apprehensions that the new govern
ment will be more expensive than the old
an<J fears are expressed tha.t the burden
of increase will fall on real estate.
In this connection Assessor Washington
Dodge makes the following statement
over his own signature:
If it become* necessary to increase the tax
roll over iZTo.OOO.OOO, the amount on which this
year's revenue was collected, real estate thail
not be made to bear the extra burden. I
fhall continue my efforts to make personal
property b«ar more of the burden of taxation.
This I hop« to do by assessing property of
this class which has heretofore escaped taxa
tion- Heal estate will only be raised, if at all.
Ir> those lew localities where it may be foun-1
to I** assessed below the uniform basi£ of
valuation prevailing in other j.arts of the city.
The greatest gains this year, «ts >v«i the ca*e
last year, are expected to be made in the as-
ECEsnient of franchises.
I.*Et year. It will be remembered, J15.000,000
was added to the asse«£ment of franchises of
the quasi public corporation?. The law. how
ever, makes no distinction between the method
<:t asbtsKing the franchise of a quasi public
corporation and that of any other corporation.
It becomes necessary under the peculiar tax
system cf this State to tax franchisee gen
erally, or millions of p^rs^nal property would
escape taxation. This condition arises from
the statutory exemption of the stock of Cali
fornia corporations irom assessment. The mar
ket value of the stock represents the value of
the property of the corporation, tangible and
intangible, end this stock itself is taxed, in
m<*t States, at its par or at its market value.
The constitution of our State says all stock
?hall be assessed; but the Supreme Court in
ex^mptinp -specifically the stock of California
corporaxtMH said that the property of the cor
poration, "Including its franchise," being fu!!y
taxed, to then tax the stock, which represents
this, would t>e double taxation, and hence un
constitutional. But exempting the stock from
taxation we must clearly tax the tangible prop
erty of the corporation and Its franchise at
such a figure as would represent the value of
its stock or a lair proportion of the same. If
»c do not we haye — worse than double taxa
tion — no taxation at all practically.
L«t m« Illustrate. The Alaska Packers'
Association 1c a very wealthy corporation.
It he* a capital Ftock raid in to tne
amount of IS, 120.000, on which it pays annual
dividend* of about 13 per cent. ItH etock is
sold on the open market above par. and 1b
toug*t as an investment, it being a good dlvi
dt-nd-paylr.K Ftock. ty_mor.eyed capitalifte. In
tnaiv other States tro .stock itself would be
taxei. aodinff millions to the tax roll. H<"re
we cannot tax the Ftock. v it It t California
• orroration. but we are supposed to tax what
the stock represents fully. l>o we? The total
assessment irf thlF corporation in San Fran
ois'-o. the home of the corporation, has been
rt-tumea by It to the Assessor this year for
J4SOI with a written protect apainst having
i-nme of its cthf-r property In San Francisco as-
r ,^ sm l. in addition it pays taxes on vessels
*Fs«"f=sed at $116,000. making its total assessment
J120.000. The rest of its property which the stock
T-;. inserts ha* all escaped taxation. In other
words, it p&jm tsxes on about one twenty-sixth
p«1 of the actual amount of money invested in
the enterprise, and on lee* than one fortieth r,f
the market value of its stock. Why should the
;;{ con tr<Q of coin invested in this very profitable
»i;!.-rprise be practically free from taxation? If
it v.<*re not rr> Invested it would probably pay
taxes throuEii beirp Invented in some other
fi.vjgn probably less profitable enterprise.
How. then, shall we tax it? Under our law, 1n
nnly one way. By assessing its franchise for
the difference between the value of its stork and
th» value of the tans'Me prcperty on which tt
pays; taxes. This would rais«> its franchise val
naXtoo for aswesisment from VWiO to o^-er J2,00r«,
008 and this year its franchise will be so ae
f.^sed. Now, who raj's this tax on the fran
<h!-"? Tn-.y. the caj)ita;ist who invested his
money in the ftock. He in r<»ality pays the
tax through the reduced dividends which he
would receive. Our law never oontemplatefl
that the property of any corporation should es
c?i* taxation in the manner this property has.
If the franchise is not assessed the «=tock of
such corporations furnishes a ready method of
investing money where it is placed beyond the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 29. 1900.
And filled absolutely without pain by our late scientific method, applied to
« the pins. Absolutely painless, no sleep-producing- agents or cocaine. These
are the only dental parlors In San Francisco that have the patented appli-
ances and Ingredients to extract, fill or apply gold crowns and porcelain'
4 crowns, undetectable from natural teeth, and warranted for ten years, with-
\ out the least pain.
We Will Fit Yon Where All Others Have Failed.
B— <'l JI . NO PLATES ff|§S|^^
SET Ea^^m|
NEW YORK
7
723 Market Street, San Francisco
(MISTORT BUILDING).
FOURTH AND MORRISON STREETS - -' - — - PORTLAND, OR.
A Hosiery Bargain
2oc a pair for £0° hose
sizes 6, 6^, 7, 7^, 8 and 8K
Commencing Monday at 8 a. m. we shall
place on sale a special purchase of children's
imported black lisle thread hose, narrow rib-
bed, guaranteed absolutely fast color, a splen-
did hose for dress; the price for any size
while they last will be
2uc a pair
Ladies' Shirt Waists
Ladies' French flannel shirt waists in the
new shadings for spring, well made in
the most desirable styles at
$4.50 each
Ruffled curtains, well made of figured,
dotted, striped and plain Swiss, 3 and $J
yards long, 45 inches wide at
$1.50 a pair
ocarrs
Hemstitched toilet scarfs Tambour toilet scarfs
made of good quality mull made of mull with hem-
with lace insertion, size stitched borders, size 18x54,
18x54 inches at • a good value for
3 's c each 25c each
. 129 Kearny St.
Write for our illustrated catalogue.
BURGLAR ROBS RESIDENCE
OF MRS. EMMA LEOPOLD
The residence of Mrs. Emma Leopold,
627 "Webster street, was entered by a
burglar last night while Mrs. Leopold was
at the theater. A quantity of silverware
was taken.
War Department Buys Type-miters.
I* & M. Alexander, apent-s Smith Pre-
mier Typewriter, received two more or-
ders from signal corps. Manila This
makes twenty-two Smiths ordered since
January 1. 1900. •
C. Larsen and will be put on the berth
The barkentlne Catherine Sudden sailed
for Cape Nome yesterday. She carried no
passengers, but has aboard every ounce
of freight she can pack. The barkentlne
carries all the appliances for landing
freight by means of an endless cable.
CASH-OR-LITTLE-AT-A-TDIE.
fpltl
Send 2c is Stamps for Postage for New
Furniture Catalog-
Refrigerators.
Many styles — many prices —
ail prices way down thb Week.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
tOIT • 1023 MISSION STREET,
ABOVE SIXTH.
Fhona Soati li. Saa Fnadseo.
Eye=Glasses
You'll Take
Both comfort and pride In. They'll fit you;
they'll become you. Our clip won't slip. 50c
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Man 13l
642 Market St. toTBUKMn
•no: ft CCmC.t >"il"-"-
&fiQ VERY LATEST
).* :/k\ Straight Front,
(hry *) Hand-Made
1 ( SAPPHIRE
jjSijS CORSETS
l^M. $3.00 1» $15,00
VV^vj/Ov PER pair -
fW% 10 Gearu St.,
// A "j.:j CORNER KEARNT.
LfF^j\ I CHESTER F.WRIGHT,
f\2J?X^ SI A Royal Worcester Cor-
* »et-Flttlng Parlors.
Polona covered passage-
JL CliclV'C connecting these
two Immense struc-
¦ tures places under
_ one management UW
Q"f»rl rooms, 900 of which
dllvl have hatha attached.
Tourists and travel-
' era from every section
/^ ~**. _. J of tne world recognize
¦TI rtTill and appreciate the*
i «.»«vi comforts and convenl-
¦ encea offered by these
hotels.
Hnffllc American plan. Ku-
JflULtJliD ropean plan.
oft rr nn\/ & i corner F° urth » ad
Lfti t nulftL S^V F if
Wl " *• ¦* w " l >*"sc. Overcoats and
Valises checked fre*.
Zvenan artist can see art in
things meclianical.7nere can
be art in a pair of sboeb.it Vne^
are so constructed
X^^h^S^^Pp"^^ /fabts shoes have
"^j^^^^^Sl been so made, that tnerc i ; ;
i-Jg^ ts beauty, as well as |$
®^\ f-^ comfort. and price value. |§|
~ \ ' 1 y KASTS k*' 1 ™
22
FROM
SEA
AND
SHOREDivorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed In the Su
perior Court yesterday by Mary H. La
coste against John F. Lacoste for de
sertion; Lena M. Pyle against George
S. Pyle for failure to provide, and Eliza
Lamb against John E. Lamb for cru
elty, • ; -7-- r; -.: - — ~~ — ¦ — --.
Insane Man With a Gun.
A man about 50 years of age slipped into
police headquarters yesterday morning
and walking up to Captain Norman said
he wanted to give himself up, as people
were 6aylng that he had plunder in his
house. He pulled a revolver out of his
pocket and remarked that he was able to
take care of himself. Norman succeeded
In getting possession of it and had the
man sent to the Insane ward in the Re
ceiving Hospital. He said his name was
Hannibal Birtram. a laborer, but he could
not tell where he lived.
New Oil Company.
Articles of Incorporation of the Palace
Oil Company were filed yesterday. The
capital stock is $1,000,000, of which $330,000
has been subscribed. The directors are
John C. Kirkpatrick, Ernst A. Denicke,
Edward P. Heald. Edward H. Steams,
John S. Bedford, L. F. Wlnchell. Laura
C. Winchell and Lewis F. Ward.
REV. V. MARSHALL LAW DIES
OF PARALYSIS IN A TEXAS TOWN
REV. V. MARSHALL, LAW. former
rector of an Episcopal church of
Oakland, died in Clarendon, Tex.,
yesterday.
Rev. Victor Marshall Law was called to
Clarendon, Tex., by the Bl3hop of that
diocese and started on his work a few
weeks ago. His family left the home in
Oakland to remain In San Francisco until
arrangements were made to join the head
of the family at Clarendon.
On April 20 Mrs. Law received a tele
gram stating that her husband had been
stricken with paralysis, and on the fol
lowing Sunday left for his bedside.
During the week daily telegrams in
formed the family of the patient's condi
tion. Each day the news was more en
couraging, until on Friday, when a change
for the worse was noted. Early yester
day morning Mrs. Law telegraphed to
her relatives the news of her husband's
death. Mr. Law was stricken with pa
ralysis about eighteen months ago, but
the stroke was of short duration, and
atter his arrival in Clarendon he wrote
that he had entirely recovered.
Deceased was a graduate of Cornell
College and also of the Hahnemann Medi
cal College of Chicago. Mrs. Law was
at her husband's bedside when he passed
away, having arrived in Clarendon two
days before his death. She immediately
left for San Francisco with the body and
will arrive here on Tuesday.
OAKLAND, April 28.— Rev. V. Marshall
Law was appointed rector of the Church
of the Advent about five years ago, first
attracting attention by the introduction
in his church of an automatic cleansing
communion chalice, taking the place of
the - individual communion cup. Later
some friction arose between the rector
and his vestry over his sermons on Chris
tian science. John J. Valentine, the pres
ident of Wells, Fargo & Co., senior war
den of the vestry and one of the largest
contributors to the church, resigned. The
vestry maintained that the financial trou
bles of their rector had much to do with
the misunderstandings which arose. Once
the Sabbath collection was attached by
a Deputy Constable for a Chinese laundry
bill owed by the rector. Several months
ago matters came to a head. The con
gregation dwindled and the large, vested
choir went on a strike. The rector was
given a vacation last October, at the end
of which he resigned. Dr. Law was also
a practitioner of medicine. He had been
In China as a missionary before he came
to Oakland.
IS LAID AWAY TO
HIS ETERNAL REST
Friends Follow the Bemains of An
drew Smith Halladie to the
Grave.
The funeral of the late Andrew Smith
Halladie was held yesterday from the
First Unitarian Church. Rev. Dr. Steb
bins, assisted by Rev. Bradford Leavttt,
presided at the impressive services. The
church waa filled with the many friends
of the family of the deceased. The di
rectors of the Mechanics' Institute, the
regents and facility of the University of
California, the trustees of the First Uni
tarian Church and the employes of the
California Wire Works, of which de
ceased was president, attended in a body
to pay their last respects to the man who
had passed away.
Dr. Stebbins briefly sketched the life of
the inventor, telling of his early strug
gles and ultimate triumph. He dwelt
upon his many noble gifts and called at
tention to the many worthy qualities that
made him a stanch, true and loving
friend. In conclusion Dr. Stebbins said:
Let m» not apeak of him now in fulsome
praise, of loose and tawdry eulogy. Let m»
not Indulge in vajrue phrase of rhetoric or
fancy, but among all men whom I "have met.
and I have met many. I know as much of men
as they are, as is common to human experi
ence; I know more of men and their manner*
and their character than ministers are com
monly supposed to know: and when I speak of
him I speak of his great humaneness, his
kindness. I never saw where the va«t sea of
his generosity washed against the shore of self
interest. For those who were dependent upcrn
him in any way. for those In whose blood
flowed a kindred strain, he was surpassingly
good. All he had was for them, all he could
do v* 3 for them, and he left a host of silent
friends who will never say a word, who will
never utter a word of his KOortness, hut in
whose hearts that kindness Iras fallen like the
gentle showers upon the thirsty earth.
Hail, faithful friend. Hail, honorable man.
Ascend to your father and to my father, to
your God ar.d to my God.
When the last words were spokon the
pallbearers — George T. Marye, P. B.
Cornwall, Colonel G. H. Mendel. Horace
Davis. C. A. Murdock, H. I^. Davis
Colonel K. A. Dtnicke. President Ide
Wheeler,. Joseph Le Conte. Judge dlack
Ossood Putnam and Colonel Wallace
took up the flower-covered casket anil
bore it to the hearse. The remains were>
interred in Laurel Hill Cemetery In the
presence of only the relatives and & lim
ited number ¦or friends
WEBSTER IS ACCUSED OF
BREACH OF CONFIDENCE
School Director Denman Says Super
intendent Informed Principal
Kilpatrick of His Threat
ened Suspension.
School Director Denman Is authority
for the statement that Superintendent
Webster has violated the confidence of
the Board of Education In having notified
Principal Kilpatrick of the Business
Evening School some weeks ago of the
board's contemplated action to suspend
him. Denman says that Kllpatrick's
wife Informed both him and his associate
on the school board, Mrs. Kincald, that
Webster had notified Kllpatrlck'a attor
neys that the accused principal was about
to be suspended, and had suggested the
immediate issuance of a restraining or
der to prevent such action. As a con
sequence Denman says that the board
was served with the injunction a few
minutes before the suspension waa to
have been made.
Superintendent Webster, when seen
last night, denied that he had violated
the confidence of the board In any par
ticular. He says that action was taken
at one of the secret conferences of the
board, and that, meeting Kilpatrick. he
felt It his duty to inform him that he
was In danger of being suspended. "Web
ster is of the opinion that the dark lan
tern proceedings , of the board are or
should be public property.
Kilpatrick. will continue In his position
until the final disposition of his case,
which will be taken up May 8.
CONVENTIONS OF
THE SEASON ARE
TOPICS OF TALK
Leading Republicans Who
May Be Chosen as
Delegates.
General Feeling of Elation Over the
Election of Speaker Alden An
derson to the Presidency
cf State LeagTie.
The ejection of Fpc-aker Alden Anderson
to the presi6< nry of the State League of
Republican Cluba gives general satisfac
tion in Sa.n Francisco. In the prolonged
Senatorial conteftt which resulted In the
choice of Hon. Thomas R. Bard to repre
sent California in the Senate of the
United States Speaker Anderson was
true to the cause of the people. He never
faltered. He never cringed. His devotion
to good principles and clean methods was
an example which kept the wavering in
line. Neither the railroad bosses nor the
touts of the racetrack were able to cor
rupt or coerce him. His promotion to
leadership of the young Republicans of
California is deserved.
The Republican Congressional Commit
tee of the Third District met yesterday.
Telegrams w. r<- received from Alamedans
at L<js Angeles requesting that no action
be taken v.ith reference to the district
convention until next Wednesday Indi
cations art* that a plan of conciliation will
be presented to the committee which will
j.rove acceptable to all the interests of
the party in that district and at the same
time confer upon the voters a right to ex
press at a primary election their choice of
delegates to the tonveMlon.
In the Second Congressional District
there are no signs of a contest for the
boaor of representing the district la the
fifteen months, we can get twenty engines
from America in four.'
In concluding the committee says to the
mechanic: "On December 18 the Man
chester Cotton Mills of New Hampshire,
employing 15.000 hands, added to the pay
roll JtjiXi.iMi per year, an increase of 10 per :
cent. Notices of 10 per cent advance in
wages are being posted gradually through
the manufacturing districts of the coun
try- Wages in almost every line of in
dustry have advanced. In many instances |
a Fecond and third advance has been i
made Flnce the beginning of the year. |
Yet there are those who within a few
months will be building bonfires, parading
the streets and shouting for some candi
date who will oppose the principles and
policies which have brought about this
unparalleled era of prosperity. Before
that time is reached we ask you to think
over the situation, not from the stand
point of a partisan but from the stand
point of your own personal interest and
advantage."
The next example is a letter addressed
to a livestock man at San Andreas, <'al.
He Is reminded that wool is selling for j
20 cents per pound, with eager buyers for
this year's clip. Three years apo it was
offered for 8 cents, with occasional takers.
Mutton sheep to-day are selling from $2 50
to $4 on the ranges. Three years ago
from $1 50 to $2 was considered a good
nrfcp
REPUBLICAN CLUB LEADERS IN THE SECOND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT.
The livestock man is asked to study the
following figures: In 1836 the United
States Imported 231,000,000 pounds of for
eign wool; in 1597 350,000,000 pounds; in 1838
13'J,000,000 pounds; in 1599 100,000,000 pounds.
Were it not for the fact that there are
13,000.000 less sheep in the United States to
day than there were In 18S4, occasioned by
those In the business becoming discour
aged and quitting, the imports of ISM
would. have been much less, as a call on
the foreign product by the American man
ufacturer was necessary to supply the de
mand for manufactured woolen goods.
The letters cited in the foregoing para-
PROGRESSIVE REPUBLICAN ORGANIZATION
OF THE SECOND CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT
Republican National Convention. Judge
K. C. Hart of Sacramento is an accepted
favorite and no opposition to his election
will be offered. The other delegate will
be taken from the mountain region. As-
Hurance is given that either ex-Senator
E. C Voorhlfs or Senator John F. Davis
may go to Philadelphia. If both should
decline, the honor may be tendered to
Harold Power of Placer County. The last
named will not be a candidate if Voorhies
or Davis is in the tleld. .
E.- F. Preston of San Mateo may be
ohosen as one of the delegates to repre
sent the Fifth District. Ex-United States
Senator Charles N. Felton is not a candi
date to represent the district or the State
at large. There Is some talk In San Jose
of sending O. A. Hale to the National
Convention as a delegate from the Fifth.
The Fourth Congressional District Re
publican Committee will meet next
vVednenday or Thursday evening to ar
range for primaries to elect delegates to
the district convention. Candidates for
the pleasure and honor of representing
the alstrlct at Philadelphia are like an
gels' visits, few and far between. Judge
Waymire. whose law office is In the dis
trict, would attend the National Conven
tion with pleasure, but his home happens
to be in Alameda County, where nearly
all the resident adults entertain political
aspirations of one kind or another. Hence
the Judge is almost lost in the shuffle of
his neighbors.
The Democratic State Executive Com
mittee <Seth Mann, chairman) will meot
at the California Hotel to-morrow. Can
didates for delegates at large to the Kan
sas City National Convention are not
scarce. It Is regarded as certain that ex-
Senator Stephen M. White and James G.
Maeruire will ho chosen. Among others
willing to accept a commission to vote for
the nomination of Bryan are: Dr. .1. S.
Potts. W, 11, Alford. Jaeper McDonald and
Mr. Miller, who was formerly the law
Pott*. W. H. Alford. Jasper McDonald.
ex-Governor James H. Budd, Marion de
Vries and Mr. MIIW, who waa formerly
the law partner of M. M. Estee.
graphs were sent to the various localities
throughout the district. Each letter con
tained a notice to the effect that on a cer
tain night there would be a public meet
ing addressed by public speakers for the
purpose of effecting an organization of a
Republican club, the purpose of which
would be to promote the renomination and
re-election of William McKinley to the
Presidency of the United States.
The first meeting of this kind was held
at Angels Camp, in Calaveras County, on
the 6th day of February, thi3 year. Since
that meeting there have been thirty club 3
registered at the committee's headquar
ters at Sacramento, which clubs in the
main were organized by the district or
ganizer of the Republican organization of
the Second Congressional District, a few
having affiliated themselves with the new
organization, but having been established
before.
These clubs now show an enrollment of
over 3000 members, which from the first
day of their organization have been stead
ily on the increase. Each club is pro
vided with a set of by-laws similar in
every respect, save those which are nro
vided to clubs organized In cities, which
are given additional functions by virtue
of the particular work exacted In mu
nicipalities—that Is to say, experience has
Superb System
Employed to
Ascertain the
Political If tews
of Every Reg
istered Voter.
/7^KE Republican organization of
*" c Second Congressional Dis
/Y 1 trict has adopted measures and
(V I . employed means In the matter
\^~— *^j of marshaling their forces for
the great campaign of IiKX)
v.hich from a standpoint of ef
ficiency are certainly without
a parallel in the way of a similar under
tcklr.r in this or any other State. An ef
fective organization, embracing thirty vig
orous clubs, already exists. Progressive
men of character and ability are repre
cr.ted in the leadership of these clubs, as
the pictures herewith presented will mdi
C.'itP.
When It Is understood that the commit
tee, by its system of registration, will
have located every voter in the Second
Congressional District, and that record
V«ben completed will show his name, age,
occupation, postoffice address and politics,
en insight into the magnitude of the plan
will be had. It is probably the most per
fect and rational system that has been
ever suggested or adopted.
Now. the question naturally arises, how
can such a work as that be accomplished —
how can tiie integrity of such a record be
I!::- :::ta.:ne<3?
J:i the first place, at the outset of the
work, which is now rearing its comple
tion, a plan was adopted somewhat dif
ferent from the one now pursued. Under
the present system of club organization
the matter of registration has been taken
u;> through the clubs, and not only is
t:;ere a completeness, but the accuracy of
the information and data gathered is in
no manner impaired.
In order that a brief resume may be
given of the development of this work, it
Kill be necessary to go back to the orig
inal step, which was taken in the early
part of the summer of 1K33. The Great
Registers of all the counties were gath
ered together and from these registers the
names, ages, occupations and postofhee
addresses of all the voters ascertained.
This list, was in many respects defective,
for there were no means of ascertaining
the number of deatns and removals. As
b'jud as that information was gathered a
cluMsiflcaUon was nude, which separated
the voters a.s follows: Farmers, laborers,
mechanics, merchants, livestock men. pro
fessional men, iiquor dealers and saloon
keepers.
As soon as that classification was com
pltttd Utters were addressed to each
voter bearing upon and referring to mat
ters of special Interest to each class. In
other words, a line of argument was em
ployed which bore upon a personal inter
«-!-t. a personal welfare and a. personal ad
vantage.
To illustrate what is meant by this two
examples may be cited. A mechanic liv
ing at Grfdley, Cal.. is addressed by the
committee of organization. He is asked to
f?\\r his support to the present national
administration. Facts and figures are
niiimitted to convince him that h" has a
j>fTf=onal interest in the contest. The let
l«r contains this appeal to the mechanic:
"We ask you to give your support to the
present national administration. Why?
Ilrcause in so doing you are lending your
j!'.:luonce and giving your approval to noli
< i«s which are establishing the reputation
end standirrg of the American mechanic
on a higher and more prosperous plane
t han he has ever enjoyed before. Ameri
«-nn built vessels?. American built locomo
tives. American built bridges and Ameri
can machinery of every description are
now being fagerly sought by every pro
gressive ration in the world.
• • :•
"Fir Edward Parent. In a recent address
tn th*> board of directors of the Midland
Hallway Company of London, said: 'You
«ill no doubt have Been that we have
tw>ea purchasing pome engines In America.
V.i would very much prefer to purchase
J.ome-made poods, whether it be engines
cir anvthlng el«=<». if it were possible. • But,
P'r.tlemen, engines are a necessity and
T.f muEt have them, and while we cannot
E< t one engine promised In England in
Thirty Clubs Al
ready Estab
lished-Confer-
ence Conven
tion to Meet
atSacramento.
taught the necessity of giving to the clubs
maintained in the cities something In ad
dition to the ordinary work of an occa
sional campaign. With such an Idea in
view the by-laws of the city clubs, in ad
dition to the great number of committees
which are provided to country clubs, have
what is termed the committee on munici
pal legislation.
It is the duty of this committee to pro
vide reports on all situations of a political
nature as well as to gather such data aa
It can obtain pertaining to the general
field of labor. Opportunities of labor are
also reported. Matters of registration are
considered. At the same time there is no
endeavor or tendency to remove the re
sponsibility which by custom or right be
longs to the County Central Committee.
No endeavor to promote the interest of
any individual or any faction Is tolerated.
One of the conditions and exactions
made by the committee who took up the
work in response to the call of the Repub
lican State Central Committee waa that
under no circumstances ¦would it permit
the results of its labors to be directed in
such a manner as to provide any indi
vidual with a prestige, and in carrying
out the understanding it was also agreed
that when it came to- the nomination of a
Republican candidate for Congress in the-
Second District it should not fall to Sac
ramento.
But while it is true that this com
mittee has taken no Initial steps toward
securing for any man the nomination for
Congress, when the time comes for such
a nomination to be made and when it
has been made and the choice has gone
to some other locality the Congressional
committee to be appointed by the Con
gressional convention will of course be
provided with all data and all informa
tion and be given the full benefit of the
labors of this committee, which will have
covered a period of nearly a year preced
ing the nomination.
A conference convention of the clubs
will be held at Sacramento Hay 4 and 5.
The programme at this convention will ba
as follows:
Introduction of Judge E. C. Hart, chairman
of convention.
Address of welcome. Governor Henry T.
Gage.
Klectton of secretary.
Report of District Organizer Judson Brusi».
"Expansion from a Constitutional Stand
point," Hon. 11. M. Estee.
"Imperialism," General N. P. Ctlpman.
"Oriental Diplomacy," Hon. Frank I*
Coombs.
"Trusts— Their Growth and Development."
D. E. McKlnlay. San Francisco.
"Trusts — From a Commercial Standpoint."
Major H. Weinstcck.
"Trusts — From an Industrial Standpoint.'*
John A. Sheehan.
"Has the Financial Problem Been Adjust
ed T' John P. Irish.
"The Nicaragua Canal— lts Effect on th»
Commerce of California." Irving M. Scott.
"New Occasions Teach New Duties."
Thomas V. Cator.
"Interpretation. Operation. Purposes and
Effects of the Election ami Primary Laws of
the State of California." Hon. F. S. Stratton.
"Lessons of the Hour from a Business Stand
point," Henry J. Crocker.
"Club Organization as an Influence for
Good," Rev. Joslah Sims.
It is the purpose of the committee to
edit the addresses to be made at the con
vention and send them out as campaign
documents. Much interest is manifested
in the approaching convention, as the del
egates will be men constituting a new ele
ment in the political family of the Re
publican party In the Second Congres
sional District.
The task of organizing for effective
work in the Second Congressional District
was delegated to Judge E. C. Hart, sec
retary of the Republican State Executive
Committee. He appointed a committee
consisting of Daniel Kevane. M. J. Curtis,
"William M. Sims. James Whittaker, H.
D Klrcheval, Joseph M. Anderson and L.
F. Breuner. As soon as they were ap
pointed they organized themselves by
electing the following officers: M. J. Cur
tis, chairman; L. F. Breuner, vice chair
man; Joseph M. Anderson, secretary:
James "Whittaker. treasurer, and Judson
Brusie. district organizer and correspond
ing secretary.
Since their organization early In Octo
ber of last year theyhave been constantly
at work bringing about the results which
have been made apparent and above re
ferred to.
THEy LATE' REV. V. MARSHALL LAW/
Live eagles are as hard to catch aa those
on our BiFver dollars.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 29,. 1900.
Pages 23 to 32
Pages 23 to 32
. ¦ * ...t * TJhe Oalrt-On western shore of Clear L * k «- lv «_s h l ey^nS
» north of Lakeport. Rail and stage to Lakeport; livery beyond
! Boating, fishing and bathing. Can accommodate rt Ad r^. s
- $7.00 per week. Address, Mrs. Emma L. Lyon. Lakeport. m*
1 CoU cftnU?i Cottage - Town Home - hSES
J grounds. Edge of town, on shore of Clear Lake. Qu?et home
- Can accommodate four. Adults. $7.60 per week. Address. Mrs
A. J. Everett, Lakeport. Lake County. Cal. •-.„
t Clendenln'M— Three miles from Lakeport. Means of trana
. fer, rail and stage to Lakeport. where giiests will **™ et --I™,
. ranch, fifty acres. In Scott's Valley. Pleasant location. Twentj
. cows. Can accommodate seven. Adults. $1.00 per day. «¦«.»
. rates for families by the month. Address. L. P. Clendenin. Lake
: Will meet guest. Qatar
home place Large, airy rooms; hard finish. .Beautiful ¦had
• trees, flowera. etc. Can accommodate eight. Adults, *«•"" p*i
. week. Address, Charles G. Rlppey. Uklah Mendoclno County. Cal
Chllßon'a-Town Home-Ukiah. Will meet guests. Qule
? home. On edge of town, Jn foothills. Adults. $;. 00 per .week
, children, $3.w: Address. Mrs. O. H. Chllson. Ukiah. Mendoctm
County, Cal. j
i St. Joneph'l VHIa-Ukiah. On the edge of town, neaj
. the foothills. Will meet guests. New modern house, fntlreij
: separate from the Convent. A garden amidst flowers and shad
• trees. Can accommodate twelve. Adults. $9.00 and JlO.OO pc:
week. Special rates for families. Address, Mother fauperlor. faa
r cred Heart Con\ent, Uklah. Mendocino County. Cal
: Mountain View-Six miles from Uklah. Hunting am
¦ fishing. Good elevation. Mountainous surroundings. Can ac
• commodate eight. Adults. 57.00 per week; children, half rates
Address. J. W.; Shoemaker. Uklah. Mendoclno County. CaL
Kniery'n-^Eight miles from Uklah. Will meet quests
Mountainous surroundings. Fishing and hunting. Can accommo
date two. Adulta. $7.00 per week; by the month. $5.00 per week.
; Address, F. Emery, Calpella, Mendoclno County, Cal.
Redwood Vnlley— Nine miles from Ukiah. W^U mcci
guests. New house. Surrounded by hills. Soda springs. Mount
ain streams near by. Trout fishing. Ponies for riding. Can a*
commodate ten. Adults, $7.00 per week. Address, Mrs. Mai
Thompson. Calpella. Mendocino County, Cal.
Mountain Uoine- Twenty-one miles from Ukiah. Meant
of transfer, stage. Mountainous surroundings. Mineral springs.
Gentle horses for riding and driving. Guide and dogs furnished
to hunters. Can accommodate twenty. Adults. $6.00 per week.
Address. Creed Moxley. Sawyers. Mendoclno County, Cal.
Deer Ridge— Twenty-two miles north of Uklah. Means of
transfer, stage. Good elevation; overlooking Wlllits and Little
Lake Valleys. Surroundings heavily timbered. Can accommo
date six. Adults, $7.00 per week; children, half price. Special
rates for families. Address. Mrs. M. R. Sawyers. Willtts. Mendo
clno County, Cal.
Mountain Home— Twenty-four miles north of Uklah.
E>aily stage. Mountains surrounding. Can accommodate ten.
Adults, $7.00 per week; children, $5.00 per week. Special rates
for families. Address. Mrs. Jennie McCabe. Sawyers, Mendo
clno County, CaL. or Mr. W. Perry, Ukiah.
Hopkins' Rnneh— Twenty-eight miles west of Uklah.
Means of transfer, stage to Half- Way House on the Orr'« Springs
and Mendoclno Stage Road. Will meet guests there. Small
opening in the Redwoods. Altitude, 1260 feet. Can accommodate
eight. Adulta. $1.00 per day. Address, R. J. Hopkins, Comptche,
Mendoclno County, Cal.
Kovre'n — Thirty miles from Uklah. Means of transfer, stage.
In the Redwoods. Hunting, fishing, etc Can accommodate
twelve. Adults, $7.00 per week; children under ten, $3.50. Ad
dress, H. D. Howe, Wlllits, Mendoclno County, Cal.
nranncoiub'K- Fliiy-two miles from Uklah. In the Red
woods. Means of transfer, stage. Mineral eprings, hot and cold;
mud springs. Trout fishing, hunting, etc. Can accommodate
eight. Adults, $3.50 per week. Special rates for families. Ad
dress, J. H. Branacomb, Branscomb P. 0., Mendoclno Co., Cal.
Pax ton Itimcli- Five miles from Uklah. Means of trans
fer, livery. Plenty of shade. Sulphur baths. Can accommodate
four. Adults, ?1.50 per day. Address, D. E. Paxton, Ukiah,
Mendoclno County. Cal.
.Mountain Retreat— Eighteen miles west of Uklah. Will
meet guests. Mountain ranch. In the Redwoods. Several fine
trout streams adjacent. Mineral springs. Can accommodate
eight. Adults, $7.00 per week; children under twelve, half rates.
Grounds open to campers. Tents supplied. If desired, at low
price. Furnished cabins rented to ca.mpers from $10.00 to $12.00
per month. Grounds free to those who bring their own tenta.
Fuel free. Address, F. M. Bellby, Ukiah, Mendoclno County, Cal.
Cnstle Garden— Eighteen miles from Uklah. Means of
transfer, livery- Soda Springs. In the Redwoods. Mountain
streams. Hunting, fishing and bathing. Can accommodate four.
Adults, $1.00 per day. Address, H. A. Snow, Ukiah, Mendoclno
County, Cal.
Handle}'* Summer Renort — Twenty miles west of
Uklah, on the Orr'» Springs and Mendoclno Road. In the Red
woods. Dally mail. Long distance telephone near by. Mountain
stream. FiEhing and hunting. Dancing, picnics and other amuse
ments for guests. Can accommodate forty. Adults. $7.00 per
week; children under ten, half rates. Address, F. J. Handley.
Orr's, Mendoclno County, Cal.
Diiy'i*— Twenty-three miles from Ukiah, on ths Eel River.
Five miles from Potter Valley. Means of transfer, stage. Mount
ainous surroundings. Hunting, fishing, boating, bathing. Adults.
$7.00 per week; children under twelve, one-half. Special rates
for families. Address, J. L. Day, Potter Valley, Mendoclno
County, Cal. »
Cook'st— Twenty-four miles from Uklah. Staga to Wlllits.
Quiet race. Plenty of shade. Hunting and fishing. Good deer
dogs. Horses to ride. Can accommodate five. Adults, $7.00 per
week: children, $3.50. Address, Thomas Cook. P. O. Box 32. Wll
lits, Mendocino County, Cal. '
Rlvernlde Ranch— Twenty-five miles from Uklah. Means
of transfer, cstage. On the banks of Eel River. Fishing and
bathing. Mountainous surroundings. Can accommodate ten.
Adults. $7.00 per week; children under twelve, half rates. Special
! rates for families. Address, T. J. GiUesple, Potter Valley, Mendo
cino County, Cal.
Traveler* Home— Twenty-five miles from Uklah. Means
of transfer, ptage. Mountainous surroundings. Soda and sulnhur
sprlngfi. Mountain stream. Hunting and fishing. Can accom
modate fifteen. Adults. $6.00 per week. $20.00 per month: chil
dren under six, half rates. Special rates for families. Address.
M. L. Sawyers. Sawyers P. 0., Mendoclno County, Cal.
lilerley's — Twenty-five miles from Ukiah. on the western
slope of Mount Sanhedrln. elevation. 2200 feet. Means of trans
fer, stage. Hunting and fishing. Can accommodate fifty. Adalta.
$7.00 per week. Address, Jerry Llerley, Llerley P. 0., Mendocino
County. Cal.
• Rucker'a— Twenty-five miles north of Uklah. Means of
transfer, stage. On banks of Eel River. Fishing, hunting and
bathing. Mountainous surroundings. Can accommodate eight.
Adults. $7.00 per week. Address, Mrs. M. H. Rucker. Potter Val
ley, Mendocino County, Cal.
Hnlf-AVny Hoiipi- — Twenty-five miles west of Uklah. on
the Orr's Springs and Mendocino Stage Road. Means of trans
fer, ntage. In the Redwoods. Daily mall. Mountain streams.
Fishing and hunting. Can accommodate twenty. Adults, $7.00
per week. Address, Mrs. J. Hansen, Comptche, Mendoclno Coun
ty. Cal.
- Mountain Honae— Sanhedrin. Thirty miles from Uklnh.
Means of transfer, stage. Altitude, 4000 feet. Fishing, hunting,
etc. No accommodations for ladles. Can accommodate ten gen
tlemen. Adults. $7.00 per week. Grounds open to campera.
Chargea reasonable. Address, James E. Booth. Potter Valley.
Mendocino County, Cal.
Cornncoptn Fnrm— Thirty-four miles from Ukiah. Means
of transfer, stage. Altitude, 2100 feet. In the Redwoods. Fish
ing and hunting. Quiet place. Can accommodate six. Adults.
$25.00 par month; children, half rates. Special rates for families.
Address, C. W. Bradford. Wlllits, Mendoclno County, Cal.
Me.Math'n— Thirty-five miles from Uklah. Means of trans
fer, stage. Can accommodate three. Adults. $7.00 per week.
Will furnish separate well-finished house of six rooms In a grove
of oaks close to river bank. Address. R. F. McMath. Hullvllle.
Lake County. Cal.
Hnnter'm llnntlnc and Flnhlna; Renort — Thirty
five miles from Ukiah. Means of transfer, stage. Hunting, fish
ing and ewlmmlng. Can accommodate twenty. Adults. $7.00 per
week; children, half rates. Grounds for campers. Address, W.
C. Hunter. Hullvllle, I^ake County, Cal.
Illnck Rook Ranee— Fifty-three miles north of Ukiah.
Means of transfer, dally stage via Laytonvllle and Covelo. Daily
mail. High elevation. Ten thousand acres rich In all kinds of
game. Hunting reserved for guests. Five miles on Eel River,
three miles on Woodman Creek and four miles on Burger Creek,
affording fine trout and salmon fishing. Saddle horses at reasona
ble rates. Can accommodate twelve. Adults, J7.00 per week;
children, half rates. Special rates for families. Can also accom
modate camping parties. Rates reasonable. Address, T. J. Crow
ley, Laytonville. Mendoclno County, Cal.
'Willtamnnn'fl— Town Home— Covelo. 'Can accommodate
ten. Address, Miss Lily Williamson, Covelo, Mendoclno Co.. Cal.-
Smidford'n .Mineral Sprlngii-On Eel River. Gravelly
Vnlley, Lake County. In the midst of a great hunting and fishing
region. Arrangements for camping are to be made with John
Panford, at St. James Hotel, corner Laguna and McAllister streeta.
San Francisco. No one permitted on grounds without permission
from him.
Lngruna Farm-One and one-half miles from Mount Olivet
Station, eight miles from Santa Rosa. Will meet guests. On the
shore of a lake. Boating, fishing and bathing. Can accommo
date fourteen. Adults, $0.00 per week. Special rates for families.
Address, Mrs. R. Ballard. Mt. Olivet. Sonoma County. Cal.
White Onlc Farm- Two miles from Trenton. Will meet
guests. Quiet home. Woods, • running streams, fruit orchard, etc.
Can accommodate fifteen. Adults, $7.00 per week. Special ratea
for families. Address, Mrs. E. Surryhne, Trenton, Sonoma Coun
ty, Cal. •
Ideal Fruit Farm— Two miles from Trenton. Will meet
guests. Fifty acres. Fruit ranch. Shady groves, running
streams. Children's pond, with boat; swings. Six cottages and
floored tentß. furnished for housekeeping; $15.00 to .".0.00 per
month for cottages. Camping facilities for those who bring their
i own tents.- Address. N. A. Griffith. Trenton. Sonoma County. Cal.
Wall'n SprlnßK-One mile from Green Valley Station. Will
meet guests. Fn the hills a short distance from Russian River.
Hot sulphur baths. Can accommodate forty. Adults, $7.00 per
week. Special rates for families. Address. 11. C. Wall, Hilton,
Eonoma County, Cal. . . "•.¦
Hilton Summer Renort— At Hilton Station, on the banks
of the Russian River. Fruit ranch. Redwood forest. Boating,
fishing and bathing. Can accommodate twenty. Adults. $7.00 per
week: children, half rates. Special rates for families. Address.
T. P. Brown. Hilton. Sonoma County. Cal.
Florence*—T own Home— Guerneville. Pleasantly situated.
Can accommodate ten. Adulta. $fl.oo per week; children under
twelve, one-half. Address, Mrs. M. Florence. Guernevtlle. Sono
ma Itedn'ond 'lleiffhtu— Near Guerneville. Good location for
campers At home we will furnish board, If desired. Can ac
commodate five. Address, Mrs. G. W. Beebe, Guerneville, Sonoma
° UI *»tnirK i »«'— Quarter of a mile from Guernevllle. Will meet
guests. Can accommodate twelve. Adults. $7.00 per week. By
the month, special rates. Address, Mrs. H. A. Stagga. Guerne
ville. Sonoma County, Cal. _.
Southslde— Quarter of a mile from Guernevllle. Will meet
guests Pleasantly situated on a knoll overlooking the Russian
River and the town. Can accommodate thirty. Adults, $10.00
per week: children under twelve, $7.00 per week. Special rates
for families. Address, A. L. Guerne. Guernevllle, Sonoma Coun
ty, Cal.
Yarbrongh'«-Onc mile from Guernevllle. Will meet
guests. Farm home. Surrounded by mountains covered with
redwoods. Plerfty of shade; hammocks. New house, newly fur
nished. Baths. Can accommodate fifteen. Adults. $1.00 per day;
children under ten, one-half. Address, N. L. Yarbrough, Guerne
ville. Sonoma County, Cal.
Pino Grande Ranch— Six miles from Guernevllle. Will
mcct 5 guests. Mountainous ranch: elevation, 800 feet. In the
Redwoods. Creek and swimming pool. Cottages. Can accommo
date twenty. Adults, $7.00 to $8.00 per week; reduced ratea for
children. Excellent sites for campera who wish board. Addreas,
N. Danlles, Guerneville, Sonoma County, Cal.
• Steven*'— On banks of a branch of Sonoma Creek, half a
mile- from Schellville. Will meet guests. Fishing, boating and
bathing. Can accommodate four. Adults, $8.00 per week. Ad
dress. Mrs. W. Stevens, Schellville, Sonoma County, Cal.
• Willow Ranch— One-half mile from Vineyard Station.
Pleasant surroundings. Can accommodate six. Address, Mrs
W. : B. Hunt,- Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal.
McGlll'ji— Town Home— Sonoma. On the edge of the town
Will meet guests. Plenty of shade. Pleasantly located. Can ac
commodate nine. -Address, Mrs. P. L. McGlll, Sonoma. Sonoma
County, Cal. .
. -Lawrence Villa— .Town Home — Sonoma. Will meet
guests. Pleasant location.,: Plenty of shade. Can accommodate
twenty-five. '¦ Adults, $5.00 per week; children, $2.50. Address
Henry Pellissier, Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal.
;• ' AVehber'n— Three-quarters of a mile from Sonoma. Means
of transfer, omnibus. ' Pleasant location. Address, C. X Web
ber, Sonoma, Sonoma County. Cal.
Pcrklnn'— One mil*- from Sonoma, on the banks of Sonoma
Creek.' Bathing,' boating- and fishing. Grove, hammocks, swings
croquet 'grounds.' Can accommodate eighteen. Adults. $7.00 per
week; children under ten, one-half. Special rates for families
Address, Mrs. C. D. Perkins, Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal
Agna Rica Hot Mineral Sprinc*— Two and one-half
miles from Sonoma, at Verano Station. Will meet guests. Min
eral baths, water 112 degrees F. Pleasant surroundings. Fine
shade trees. A few choice spots for campers. Address. Captain
and Mrs. Boyea. P. O. Box li Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal
Pioneer Grove— At Verano Station. Partly furnish-j
house, as well as a number of unfurnished rooms. Cannot fi
nish board. Grove. Splendid place for campers. RBBni B 
stream. Address, J. P. Key. P. O. El Verano, Sonoma Co.. r' a :>
l'ennlon Fra ncaiie- On Sonoma Creek, near V>~j,j lo g, •
tlon. Will meet guesta. Fishing, swimming and taOdag. can
accommodate fifteen. Address, C. Dutil,, P. O. El Verano. s oa
ma County. Cal.
Dowdall'n- One-half mile- from Verano Station. Win aifl , t
guests. Charming surroundings. Can accommodate four. A j
dress. Ed Dowdal'l. Sonoma P. 0.. Sonoma County, Ca!.
Hill's— A few minutes' walk from Eldridse Station. Two
four-roomed furnished cottages. So board. Beautiful location
Plenty of shade, etc. Rent per cottage, $20.00 per month, aj
dress. R. P. Hill. Eldridge P. 0.. Sonoma County. Cal.
Lennt Vlneynril- One-half mile from Glen Kllen. In th*
foothills. Pleasant surroundings. Can accommodate six. Adults
J7.00 per week; children under seven, one-half. Address, m,-^
Charles Kennedy. Glen Ellen. Sonoma County. Cat.
Glen Oak* Ranch— Three-quarters of a mile from o> n
Ellen. Will meet guests. In the hills. Old oak trees Rxrnxtnd*
Ing house. Romantic canyon close to ranch. Large, airy rooms
Can accommodate twenty. Adults. $7.Ci» per week: children *..
der twelve. $4.00. Address. Frederick Quien. Glen Ellen, Sonor"i
County Cal.
Idlevrlld— One mile from Glen Ellen. Will meet guesta
Cannot furnish board. Two completely furnished houses. $15 i>j
to $25.00 per month; one of five and the other of three rooms
Pleasantly located. Lots of fruit, free. Address. J. O. Crom
well. Glen Ellen, Sonoma County. Cal.
Wegrner VlHn— One mils from Glen Ellen. Will ir.e»t
guests. In the foothills of the Sonoma Mountains. Grow
walks, large playground for children. Mineral water. Hot ani
cold batha. Croquet and quoit grounds, dancing hall. shuj?:»
board. Can accommodate forty. Adults. JS.Oy to $10 00 per week
children, according to age. Special ratea for families. Address
J. Wegner. Glen Ellen. Sonoma County. Cal.
Redwood Farm— Three miles from Glen Ellen. Will weet
guests. Mountainous surroundings. Mineral springs. Sulphur
tub baths. Wide verandas, croquet grounds. Plenty of shad»
Can accommodate twenty or twenty-five. Adults. $8.00 per week
children, $4.00. Special rates for families. Address, W. a"
Thompson. Glen Ellen. Sonoma County. Cal.
~. O" 1 * Shade Farm— Three aod one-half mile* from Glen
Ellen. Will meet guesta. Quiet, homelike farm. Capital ac
commodations. Pretty surroundings. Can accommodate eight
Adults. $7.00 per week; children, one-half. Address. H. W
Brunlng. Glen Ellen. Sonoma County. Cal.
Lo» Gntllco* Wnrru Spring" — Three and one-half
miles from Glen Ellen. Will meet guests; charge 80 cents each
way. Including baggage. Warm sulphur baths. Swimming pool
In Sonoma Creeß. Grand old oaks. Dancing pavilion, tennis
court, hopa and musical entertainments. In cottages can ac
commodate twenty. In tents can accommodate on* hundred.
Adulta. $7.00 per week; children under twelve. $5.00. Address
Mrs. P. T. N. Wate. Lock Box 83. Kenwood. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
waldrnhe's- Four miles from Glen Ellen. In th» Sonoma
Mountains; elevation, 2000 feet." Will meet guests. Electric
lights. Croquet, bathing and fishing. Pl«a*ant drives. Can ae
:ommodate thirty. Adults, $7.00 to $3.00 per week: children, one
tsalf. Address, C. H. W. Brunlng. Glen Ellen, Sonoma Co.. Cal
Soda liny— A few miles beyond Highland Springs and
reached by etatre la Soda Bay. a resort on Clear Lake, a counter
part of Lake Chautauqua, New York. The grounds of the hotel
have a shore margin of two miles. Large live oak, pine and
tnanzanita tree* afford a bountiful shade. On the beach th«r« ia
fxcellent bathing. In an alcove of tho Lake, at the bottom. Is a
•Soda Spring, called the Great Sprlng3 or Omar-Ach-Hah-Bee. It
wimes out of the earth below with great fcrea. flowing fully a
million gallons dally of delicious effervescent soda water. Over
.his spring la a bath house, affording every opportunity for bath
ng In this exhilarating water. Boating and tailing on th« lake,
rerms, $10.00 per week and upward. Address. Ben Ely. Kelsey-
B-llle. Lake County. Cal.
CAMPING.
In Marln. Sonoma, Mendoctno and Lake Counties th» Camper
finds his natural horns. T . may be alonssido a quiet stream In
the valley, or by the mountain brook as It tumbles down th«
canyon; perhaps on the bank of a river, the shor* of a lovely
lake, or In ths mountain glades under the towering Redwood.
The spot for an ideal camp la under shado traes. ciJntlgraous
to a stream. In these counties there are. besides a number of
lakes, 300 streams. Russian, Eel and other rivers, furnishing over
6.000 miles of water length, which are k?pt well stocked with
trout from the Fish Hatchery of tho California Northwestern
Railway, at Uklah.
Whilst many like to camp out In th« country, far away from
the railroad, many wish to be near their homes, so that father,
son or brother and friends can make frequent vislta. For these,
attention la called to the following picturesque spots, which ar«
especially adapted to campers, and are of easy accesa to San
Francisco:
Glen Ellen Park— ls situated on the Sonoma Branch of
the California Northwestern Railway. Thl» Park contains flrty
five acres, beautifully shaded. Sonoma, an excellent trout stream,
and one of the prettiest creeks in th« State. boun<la the Park on
the north and affords safe bathing. This Park is fre« to camp
ers, and In addition, the country for four miles along the So
noma Cretk. Mr. W. W. Beck. Agent California Northwestern
Railway Co.. at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Joining the Park and also skirting Sonoma Cree'.c la the
ranch of Dr. C. C. O'Donnell. on which are many beautiful camp
ing spots which are free to campers. The Doctor will supply
tents and furnish them for a reasonable rental per month. For
particulars address. Dr. C. C. O'Donnell, 102IH Market street,
San Francisco.
Between San Francisco and Glen Ellen this Road runs two
passenger trains dally. Supplies are delivered on tha ground by
the merchants of the surrounding towns.
Mirabel Park— la en the Ouernevil> Branch, twelve mllos
from Santa Rosa. The train stops at the Park, and Mr. Ojrburn,
the party in charpe, will be on hand to receive and locate camp
ers. Mark West Creek skirts the Park and la dimmed, aiTor.itnsf
fine bathing, fishing and boating. Boats for hire at reasonable
rental.
Between Mirabel Park aad Pan Francisco this Road runs two
passenger trains daily. Supplier are delivered at the Park by tha
merchants of the surrcur.dinK towns.
Currnevillp — In the midst of the redwood country, and on
the Russian River, U practically the terminus of tha Guernevlllo
Branch. Mr. R. N. Tunstall. representing the Business Men's
Association, will take parties in hand and show them the differ
ent camping locations. Ths Russian River will be dammed, af
fording a magnificent sheet of water for boating and bathim?. j
There are free locations, but In p?neral there will be a reason»-~'
ble charge. Correspondence may be had direct with the following,
who have (grounds specially prepared for campers: Guerne and Mc-
Lane, F. L. Clar. W. H. Neely. Joa. Berrl. Guerneville. Sonoma
County. Cal. For location on, the grounds of the Sonoma Lumber
Co.. address Sonoma Lumber Co.. Claua Spreckela Bulldlnjc. 3aa
Francisco.
Between Guerneville and San Francisco this Road runt two
passenger trains dally. Supplies are delivered on the ground by
the nl^rchants of the surrounding towns.
On the Orr's Eprings and Mendoclno Stage Road, runnlnj
from Uklah to Mendocino, there are numerous camping spots
From Orr's SprinKS the Hot Springs Creek runs due west eight
mllen, where It forms a Junction with Dougherty Creek, and to
g-ether they empty Into the South Fork of the Bi/? River For
over ten miles alone the banks of these streams are a great
number of most beautiful camping spots. Although In the heart
of the redwoods the camper can receive his mail regularly, as
the stage passes daily. From the ranchers In tha neighborhood
can be procured plenty of milk. eggs, butter and fresh vegetables.
The butcher's wagon makes regular trips over this road. Camp
ers who do not wish to do their own cooking can get table board
at Orr's Springs. Handley's and other homes In the neighbor
hood. Through tickets are sold from San Francisco to all points
along thla Road, which campers should procure, aa the stage
company on these ticketa will carry free from Uklah the tents
and poles belonging to th^ party, and one hundred pounds of bag
gage for each camper. For locations, address Mr. J. L. Johnson
proprietor of the Orr's Springs and Mendoolno Stage Line Uktah'
TICKETS FOR CAMPINO PARTIE3 ARE TO BE PRO:
CURED AT TICKET OFFICE. W0 MARKET STREET A3
THEY WILL NOT BE SOLD AT TIBURON FERRY. '
HOTEL LIST.
The towns along this Road ar» delightfully situated, and th«
country around affords every diversion for the pleasure seeker
Parties stopping at these hotels can find In the Immediate vicinity
a new and picturesque spot for an every day outing, which can
be reached by moderate walking or short drives.
Tlbnron- SONOMA HOUSE. Mrs. O. Erdin, Prop. Bates, tl.oo
Ilelvedere— HOTEL BELVEDERE. Mrs. A. T. Moore. Prop
Rate*. $2.50 per day.
San Hnfnel-HOTEL RAFAEL. R. C. Haltou. Prop. Rates
J3..-.0 per day; $17.50 to $20.00 per week; $80.00 and upward
per month.
THE CALIFORNIA, 'P. Kempt. Prop. Rates, 60c per day
and upward.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTBX, Mrs. R. Scott. Prop. Rate*. 11.00
to $1.50 per day.
ORAND CENTRAL HOTEL. M. R. Rama*. Prop. Rate,,
$2.00 per day.
MARIN HOTEL. J. Schneider. Prop. Rates. $2.00 per day.
THE JORDAN HOUSE, Mrs. H. Jordan. Prop. Rates. $1.00
and upward per day.
Sonoma— ClTY HOTEL, L. Quarteroli. Prop. Rates. $3.00 per
week.
TOSCANO HOTETL. Clued & Martenonl. Props.
GARIBALDI HOUSE, L. Modlni. Prop. Rates. $5.00 per
week.
UNION HOTEL. A. A. Enke. Prop. Rates. $8.00 per week.
Glen KIIen— MERVTN HOTEL, A. Harrison, Prop. Ratea.
$3.00 to $io.(i.i per week.
Petnlnma— ClTY HOTEL. Bolettl * Pometta. Prop*. Rates.
$1.00 to $1.50 per day: $3.00 to $.'i.so per week.
WASHINGTON HOTEL. E. D. B«nrardl. Prop. Rates $LOO
to $1.50 per day; $5.00 to $7.00 per week; $20.00 to $23.00 per
month. • .
AMERICAN HOTEL, T. J. Conway. Prop. Rates. $1.00 to
$2.00 per day: $25.00 per month.
Santa Hour- EAGLE HOTEL. J. Robinson, Prop. Rates.
$1.00 per day: $r>.oo per week.
TUPPER HOUSE. G. A. Tupp«r. Prop. Rates. $1.00 per day
$5.00 to $6.00 per week.
OCCIDENTAL HOTEL. P. H. Qulnn. Prop. Ratea. $3.00 per
day.
MAGNOLIA HOTEL, J. F. Smith. Prop. Rates, $1.00 to $1.23
per day; $5.00 per week.
GRAND HOTEL. P. Morshead. Prop. Ratea. $3.00 to $14.00
per week.
Sehnntopol— ANALT HOTEL, J. B. Loser. Prop. Rates, $8.00
to fU.oo per week.
Fnl ton— FULTON HOTEL. F. Tartter. Prop. Rates. $3.00 to
?7.00 per week.
Guernevtlle— GßANt> CENTRAL. W. F. Graham. Prop.
Rates, ?7.0U per week.
Windsor— WESTERN HOTEL, William Welgand. Prop. Rates
$8.00 to $12.00 rer week. .. ' '
Healilxbarp-UNION HOTEL. A. L. Learn. Prop. Rates. $1 00
to $2.00 per day: ?«.00 to $7.00 per week.
SOTOYOME HOUSE. J. McDonough. Prop. Rates. $1 50 to
$2.00 per day: J7.00 to SIO.OO per week. * w xo
Gey«ei-rllle-GEYSERVILLE HOTEL. Mrs. J. STcaggs. Prop
Rates. $600 to $7. 0n per week. rrov -
Cloverdale-UNITED STATES HOTEL, M. Menihan, Prop
Rales. $10.00 to $IR.OO per week. *'
Hoplnnd-THATCHER'S HOTEL, W. W. Thatcher Ptod
$0.00 to $8.00 rer week. " v " -
Lakeport-LAKEVIEW HOTEL. E. Hudson. Prop. Rates
$-.(*> to $10.00 per week. **" *«""•
HOTEL. GISELMAN. A. H. Spurr. Prop. Rate*. $10.00 per
HOTEL BKNVENUE. F. 4A. M. Scales. Props. Rate». $1.00
L'kufh-GRAND HOTEL, B. S. Hlrsch, Prop. Rates. $S.OO to
$10.00 per week. • *
UKIAH HOUSE. J. F. Dlnwlddle. Prop. Rate* $1 00 r*»r Any
PALACE HOTEL. O. E. Williams. Prop Rates $1 J5 to
12.00 per day.
S£?;^sii < oTp£ MM o 9 ntn N " lepp * Co - p ™> 9 - ™~- »-oo
Potter Valley-TRAVELERS' HOME. R. Warders. Prop.
Rates. $100 per day.
WI R%TY™ $^r^y TEU MrS - A - L ° n * I - d . *"*
OCCIDENTAL HOTEL. Thos. Flanlgan, Prop. Rates $1 00
per day. \ .+.
PALACE HOTEL. Cha». Whlted. Prop. Rates. $3.00 per
week.
TICKET OFFICE— 6SO Market St. (Chronlcla
Building). General Office— Mutual Life Building,
:or. Sansome and California sts., San Francisco,
Dal.
H- C. WHITING, General Manager. i
B. X. BYAH,GenL Pasaenger and Freight Agent.
-
r T"*HE California Northwestern Railway (Lessee of
I San Francisco and North Pacific Railway). "The
* Picturesque Route of California," furnishes trans
portation facilities for Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino and
Lake counties, which lie north of San Francisco. Larce
and well-equior>cd steamers perform -the service on the
bay between San Francisco and Tiburon, a distance of
six and a half miles.
The road traverses Marin, Santa Rosa, Russian
River, Ukiah and onoma valleys, which are skirted by
foothills and moderate mountain ranges. All the hills
are wooded. The territory directly contiguous to the
line of the California Northwestern Railway runs from
thirty to fifty miles from the Pacific Ocean. It is not
situated in what is called the interior of California, and
therefore not subject to the great heats of that section:
nor directly on the coast, and therefore not subiect to
the fogs and winds of the Pacific Ocean. It occupies
an intermediate position wherein Sol's rays are tern- ;
percd by the ocean breezes, producing that happy me
dium — a salubrious climate.
The topography of the country, valleys, foothills,
and moderate mountain ranges, together with the salu
brious climate pervading the whole, makes this section
a natural health and pleasure resort. With over three j
hundred streams — mountain torrents, creeks and riv
ers — flowing: in all diections. there is no Mineral
Sprinc Resort, town, or hardly a ranch, not directly on
a running stream or very close to one.
Some people for their outing prefer the Mineral
Spring Resort where they can get the benefit of medi
icinal waters: some prefer the quiet home-life of the
ranch; others prefer to remain in the smaller towns.
OXE cf the features of this part cf California is the great J
number and variety of mineral springs. It is truly said |
that tiowhere «!«b on the American Continent of a similar
are« axe there «o many mineral waters and of such varied
qua::t!ea. It is aleo true that cheml<»l analysis and the
experience of eminent travelers prcve that the waters of the
famous springs of the world ere here duplicated. Naturally these
Fprtnjr* are the resort of. those peeking health and pleasure.
In this article we refer to the Mineral Spring Resorts only in
a peneral way. We do not attempt to rive in detail the special
features of each, nor a description of ihftr location end beautiful j
surroundings. Our readers, however, can reft assured that a i
visit to the Reports in this rr.ost picturesque section of California, ]
blessed with the choice climate o£ the Pacific Coast, will be a I
pleafure and a. benefit.
SoTie of them are but a few hours' ride from Fan Francisco,
some ar« reached in the afternoon, and the most distant one In !
the ear!y e-venir.g. The transportation rates are low.
{•¦n Knfiiel— V.'hl^h etat'etlo* show to te th? •healthiest |
roscrt on the Pacific Coa>t. if the ideal suburb of Psm Francisco, |
and flietarjt therefrom cn!y fifteen mile*. It is a city of pretty
cottages, beautiful homes and magnificent residences, all cra
bower»d In rofes and a. wealth of fcliage. Its c'.linate Is of that
delightful medium so pleasant to all. For the accommodation
of visitors this city reicrt offers private homes, villas and ele
fcact hr>te!s. The Hotel Rafael is among the finest in the West. |
and yields to n^r.e in its complete modern equipment and the
beauty of its grounds, with winding drives, lined with trees
and shrubbery, through a twenty-ecie park. Terms— By the dny,
f3.CO and upward, ecccrdlng to rocm: by the week, JI7.T-0 and ;
upvard. Adflret-s Hotel Kaf.-jel. Pan Rafael, Marin County. Cal.
California Hot M>rlnif— ln Sonoma Valley, on the So
nnrr.a branch of the California Northwestern Railway (leF^ee S.
F. * N. P. Ry>. Is California Hot Spring (formerly the Aitna
< nlii-nte >r»rlna!"i This Fprinp has been famous since er.rly :
days. The hot*! there at the present time is a large and modern I
building. In the lirprcvements. however, the oM adobe was not |
destroyed, and the rooms which Grant, Fherraan and other noted I
soldiers used to oecuj.y are still preserved. Warm Mineral Fwim- ]
nilng. hot and cold tub baths. One of the lareest swimming
tanks (n California. Only a couple of hours' ride from Pan i
Francisco. Two trains daily. No stairing. Terms— Slo.T.o and j
upward r>er week. Address. Cooper & Stewart. Proprietors. Asrua .
Caliente, Porraia County. Cal.
Mark Went SprlnK-ss — Are eituated nine miles from Santa i
Roea. A picturesque ride through Santa Rosa Valley brings the '
fruert to the mountain range, and when the crest Is reached, j
Merle West Fprinps. resting In the miniature valley below, affords j
one of nature's most beautiful pictures. The baths are naturally
•uai-m er.i are free to grues:s. The Mineral Bprlaci are Soda.
Magnesia, Fulri'ur. Iron. Iron and Arsenic. Three trains each
war daily between Fan Francisco and Panta Rosa. Stage con- I
nects reg-u!ar!r with the morning train from Ran Francisco, and !
with the a'ternocn train cf Saturday. P^stofflce and telephone, j
Terms— s2.oo per day: adults, per we*k, $9.00. 110.00 and $12.00; I
children under ten years. f-C.OO. Address, Frese & Juersensen. I
P. O. America, Pwrr.a County, Cal., or Charles Juerger.sen, 012
Larktn street. Pan Francisco.
Lytton SprlnKPi— So well and favorably known for years.
are ftlrectly en the line of the railroad. No staging. Recently
the prTT^rty cramfJ hamis and th» new owners have spent i
many thousand collars la Improving and beautifying the grounds.
The hotel and cottajres are equipped with all modern Improve
ments. The 1000 acres of Jand rise in a gradual slope from the
railway Ftati«n to the hills beyond Lytton eprings nr . berth a
par.iteriurn and a resort. The waters are Lytton California Pelt
eer, and Lytton Geyser Soda. A large swimming tank, shady
proves, winding walks and drives, croquet and lawn tennis
grounds, and invigorating waters afford rest, pleasure and health j
to the ruests. Postoffire and telegraph. Terms — Adults, f 10.00
to $2r..00 per -week: children. $7.00 to ? 14.00. Special rates for
families. Address Wm. Hensley, M. D., Lytton, Sonoma Coun
ty, Cal.
SUaps-ii' Hot Sprtnerii— Are nine miles west of Geyser
v!'l». in the Coast Range of mour-tair.s, and about twenty miles
east cf the Coast. A quick stage ride on an excellent road over
rolling hills, through Dry Creek Valley (one of nature's beauty
spots) arid Warm Springs Canyon. Is a delightful feature of a
vieit to these springs.. No fogs, no disagreeable winds, no mos-
C«lto*s. Kot baths, mineral eprings, trout streams, excellent hunt
ing, and well-wcvxjed Wlls, form a most desirable combination
for the health and pleasure swker. Baths free to guests. Post
office and telephone. Terms— ?2.oo per day. $12.00 per week.
A<s4ress, John F. Mulgrew, Skaggs' Hot Errlngs, Sonoma County,
Cal.
Bine Laken— Eighteen miles east of Uklah lie Blue Lakes
and Laurel Dell Lake. These lakes are nearly surrounded by
high mountains, and are the moet picturesque In America. They'
find their counterpart In Lake On«va, Switzerland. At the
upper lake Is lilue Lak^s Hotel. Guests have the choice of hotel
or cottages. There is also a lake house built over the water.
. thus serving as a dance hall, boat house and bathing place. The
temperature of the lakes runs from 65 degrees to 72 degrees,
and for the greater pleasure of the guests a Jumping tower, sliding
and fprtr.gboards are pnn-lded. These lakfß have been heavily
ftocked with Lake Tahoe trout. Tenr.s— s2.oo per day, $12.00
per week. Address, O. Wiseman, Proprietor, P. 0.. Blue Lakes,
Lake County, ral.
Laorrl Dell — Joins the Blue Lakes. Its topography is a
•surprise and a. wonder. The lakes are greater in length than In
width, and are favors with a never-failing breeze. The border
of Laurel Dell Is covered with trees whose branches- find their
reflection in the crystal waters beneath. Whether boating on
the 'lake, fishing lor trout, or rerllnlng on the chore under the
ehafle of massive trees, one enjoys that pleasant rest which so
relieves the mind and invigorates the body. Every accommoda
tion for the comfort and pleasure of the bather has been pro
vided, even to a marine toboggan. ' An excellent livery will be
furniehed at reasonable rates, so that excursions can be made
to the many points of Interest in the vicinity. Including Clear
Lake. A new hotel building and cottages double the accommo
dations of previous year*. Hotel and grounds lit up with gas.
Terms— tl.BO to K.OOper day. fS.fK) to .?H.OO per week. Ad
dress. H. Wambold, Proprietor. P. 0- Bertha, Lake County, Cal.
Snrntoica Sprlns*— Are three miles east of Blue Lakes
and Laurel I>oll Lake. This place ie particularly well favored in
the number mid variety of its mineral springs. The hotel and
cottages are located In one of those miniature valleys, so typical
In the mountainous wctlins of California. Visitors have their
choice of water from Sulphur, Soda, Iron or Magnesia Springs
Facilities for the enjoyment of Mineral Baths, as well as Natural
Water Baths, axe of the best. In the. vicinity are excellent trout
Krearaa. an( 3 in the mountains roundabout deer are plentiful.
Good roads for wheelmen permeate this entire section. The livery
is of the best and very reasonable. On the grounds around Sara
toga Springs are many beautiful spots for camping, and campers
ercmont welcome. Terms — »2.< V) per day, $12.00 per week. Ad
dress. J. Martens. Proprietor, Bachelor P. 0.. Lake County, Cal.,
r,r F. A. Busse. 416 Pine street. San Francisco, Cal.
Bartlett From Ilrpland to Lakeport In a stage,
thence eight miles across Clear Lake In a fast little steamer to
TSartMt Ijanfllr.g, therxe In a stage, over hill ard dale to Bartlett
Fprlngc. arriving th*>r« In the evening, affords a trip never to be
forgotten In its changes and variety of scenery, and never mo- I
notonous, no matter how frequently taken. A large hotel—capac
ity £00— -twenty pretty cottages and large rooming houses
furnish accommodations for the regular guests. In addition, there j
¦re 100 cottages, at a small weekly rental, for parties who wish i
to <Jo their own housekeeping. A large swimming tank $ox2o. |
Terms— From $10.00 to Jls.<V> per week; cottages for housekeeping, j
?2.fK> to $6 00 p*r week. Address, lUrtlett Springs, Lake County: j
or r.a.rt!*U fprings Co., Ko. 2 gutter ftreet, San Francisco, Cal.
Carlstbad Sprlnjjn— Are located In the central part of
Lftk<* rvjunty. In full view cf Clear Lake. Means of transfer,
etafre from Hoplar.d. Elevation two thousand feet. A mountain
trout stream runs within a hundred feet of the hotel. There are
twenty mineral springs. "The Springs" property of over one '
thousand acres Is co\-ered with p!ne and redwood trees and sur
rounding mountains abound with all kinds of game. A new dam :
Is being built which will afford boatlnjr and bathing. Also a new '
bath houw for baths of th« mlner&l water. Hotel and grounds
•re Illuminated by gas. Can accommodate two hundred. Adults,
jfS.OO and $10.00 j>er week: children, half; special rates for faml- i
lies. Address, W. R. McGovem, Carlsbad Springs, Kelseyvllle.
Lake County. Cal.
The Gey»rr»- A great variety of mineral waters. Hot
mineral baths. A tepid ewlmm.ng lake of mlnprol waters. Large
snd email game In abundance. Mountain streams full of tmut. :
Well-equipped burros ¦ for ascending Geyser Peak and Cnbb '
Mountain and to visit the celebrated "Indian spring" where 'Ed^
win Forrest camped In the early *&o's and was completely cured !
nt a reriou« rheumatic complaint. Accommodations for campers. J
T>al!y stage to and from Cloverdale. Leave Tiburon Ferry. San .
Francisco, for Clo\-erdale 7:30 a. m., via California Northwestern '
Railway, arriving at Geysers 3:30 p. m. Terms— $2.50 per day,
f 12.00 and $14 00 per week. Address, J. Wertheimer, The Gey- \
eers. ficnoma County, Cal.
Doncan Sprlnun— One mile from norland StPtlon In Dvn
ran Springs, and a bus meets evrry train. The Hotel Is on quite j
an elevation, which Joins a mountain range and overlooks Eanel ;
Valley. Mineral springs are numerous, but a Magnesia. and a
Soda spring are the principal ynes. The latter pours nut from
the mountain Fide In a canyon. The Hotel is large and commo
dious and the surroundings are charming. The climate is of that ,
delightful softness co beneficial to those afflicted with asthmatic •
or throat troubles. Terms— s2.oo per day, or $10.00 per week, i
Address, O. Hotrell, Proprietor, Duncan Eprings, Sonoma- County, •(
Cal.
Hlgrhland Sprints*— From the railroad Ftation at Hopland
twelve miles of staging over' the, shortest stage rout* In Lake :
County and on the best mountain road on the Pacific Coast '
takes you to Highland Springs. A largftinew hotel and a num
ber of cottage* »have Just been finished, thu* doubling the ac- !
commodatlonß for jruests. Clear Lake Is contiguous. Over thirty j
kinds of mineral eprings, a resident physician in attendance, su
perb climate, beautiful mountain scenery, fine trout streams. ]
de*r and email game plentiful, magnificent drives through the ;
mountains, and unrivaled mineral water . baths, make this an
ideal nesort. Large swimming tank. Terms— sl.TO to $2.50 per I
flay. $10.00 to $1000 per week. Address, J. Craig. Manager High- t
land Spring*. Lake County. Cal., or Lee D. Craig, 316 Montgomery )
ftroct. Han Francisco. CaL .
Orr'n Hat SprlnsT"— Fourteen miles west of Uklah and
towards the coast are Orr*« Hot Sprints. Here the water at a '
temperature of 100 degrees comes out of the solid rock. The !
situation of Orr 1 * Springs Is most picturesque, being right Jn the
midst of the redwoods and surrounded by high mountains. Fish- j
ing la excellent In the mountain streams, and game of all kinds ,
!¦ piectiful. - Orr' a Hot Springs have been known . for yean for j <
t^elr efficacy In cases of rheumatism. In the early days the
Indians resorted to these Hot Springs for their curative quali
ties. Terms— s7.oo to $9.00 per week; children under twelve, half
rates. Address, John L. Orr, Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno
County, Cal.
, Vichy Springs— There are a number of springs at thii
~ place, but the principal one Is the Vichy Spring. The flow o
\ water is so alwndant and the tubs so arranged that' during thi
1 bath the bather lies in the tub. enjoying a constant stream o;
water direct from the spring. The water is heavily charged wltl
gas and electriclty t and its effervescent and exhilarating effect!
1 naturally lead to the affectionate term "Champagne bath." Thi
f Ardeche Spring, largely charged with borax, Is a water of ex
. ceeding softness. The effect on the complexion and skin is bucl
that the bath is familiarly known as the "Beauty Bath." Th<
i ground around Vichy numbers about 2000 acres. Uklah, a thriv
l Ing town, and the terminus of the California Northwestern Rail
(. way (lessee S. F. & N. P. Ry.), Is only three miles distant.
J Terms— s2.so per day, M 2.00 to $14.00 per week. Address, J. A.
I P.edemeyer. Vichy Springs, Mendocino County, Cal.
> ii — FOLLOWING are the addresses of persons along the California
: |f ==^ Northwestern Ry.. living on ranches or in the towns, whe
I will be triad to receive guests. ' ¦,¦.,-.
• £1 Whilst the valleys through which this road runs art
- varied in their acreage, none of them are so large but that th«
ranch In the valley, or the home in the town. Is .within easj
walking or riding distance of the foothill* and the canyons in
• the mountain ranges.
To avoid constant repetition, wo have not specified for every
, ranch and home given, that the table will be supplied with th«
fresh products and fruits of this section. At every ranch and at
'¦ j every home the guest will have vegetables direct from the garden,
• plenty of milk, eggs, butter, fruits. The poultry will -not 'come
' from coops after lying for days In a Commission House.
This road (California Northwestern) operates Us own Spawn
1 Ing Station thirty-five miles north of Uklah, and its own Fish
Hatchery at Uklah. The streams are yearly stocked with trout,
so that throughout the whole section excellent trout fishing is
found, and it Is lawful to fish for trout from April Ist to Decem
ber Ist.
In correspondence please give number in party (children, if
any) ppeclfylng how many gentlemen and how many ladles, and
whether married or single, so that the rooms can be better ap
portioned.
At most of these homes a greater number can be accommo
dated if the guests are willing to sleep in tents.
Where it Is stated that the "means of transfer" is by stage,
through tickets are sold over rail and stage, which guests should
purchase.
Dally mail, telephone and telegraph in every town. Dally
mall and telephone at every Resort. With very few exceptions,
! dally mall at every ranch, and telephone communication near by.
New ttngrland Villa— San Rafael— Short distance from
I depot California Northwestern Ry. (broad gauge). Means of
j transfer, omnibus. Hotel cottages situated in the midst of trees
»-nd flowering plants. Can accommodate one hundred. Adults,
| $7.00 to $8.00 per week: children under ten, half rates. Special
: rate? for families. Address. M. O. Connor, San Rafael. Cal.
j Goldfrap's— San Rafael— Few blocks from depot California
; Northwestern Ry. (broad gauge-> Means of transfer, omnibus.
i Can accommodate four. Address, Mrs. Goldfrap, Fourth and E
j streets, fan Rafael. Cal.
Live Oak Villa— San Rafael— Means of transfer, omnibus.
A few blocks from depot California Northwestern Ry. (broad
gauge). Plenty of shade. Flowering plants. Can accommodate
twenty-five. Adults. $7.00 per week; children, one-half. Address.
j Mrs. M. Obltz. San Rafael.
¦Walker's— i?an Rafael— One and one-half blocks from depot
j California Northwestern Ry. (broad gauge). Means of transfer,
omnibus. Rooms by the month. No table, but would furnish
breakfast. Address, Mrs. M. D. Walker. San Rafael, Cal.
>Ic(; reevy*s— San Rafael— One block from depot California
j Northwe«tern Rjr. (broad gauge). Adults, $7.00 per week. Ad
dress. Mrs. R. McGreevy. P. O. box 525. San Rafael.
Barker's— San Rafael — Short distance from depot California
Northwestern Ry. (broad frauge). Means of transfer, omnibus.
! Can accommodate four, with board. Rooms without board. Ad
j dre.s.o, Mrs. A. H. Barker, San Rafael, Cal.
Kadriemnn'n— San Rafael— Two blocks from depot Cali-
I fornla Northwestern Ry. (broad gauge), near Hotel Rafael. Ad
i dres?. Mrs. J. Kaddeman, San Rafael. Cal.
Johnson's— Short distance from Novato. Will meet euests.
; Garden, oak grove, fish: foothills near by. Can accommodate
! fifteen. Adults. $7.00 jkt week; children, half rates. Special
! rates for families. Splendid place for campers. Address,' Robert
j Johnson. Novato. Marln County, Cal.
The Tavern— Family Hotel— Novato. Will' meet guests.
Near eaJt water bathing. Grove adjacent. Can accommodate
j fifteen. Adults, $G.OO per week; children under nine, half rates.
! Special rates for families. Address, Messrs. D. L. & M. J. Hay
i den, Novato, Marln County. Cal.
Rose's— Town Home— Novato. Will meet guests. Boating,
fishing, hunting and bathlnp. Can accommodate twelve. Adults,
$ti.Oo per week; children, half rates. Special rates for families.
Address. W. T. Rose, Novato, Marln County. Cal.
San Antonio It n noli— Three miles from Burdell's; five
j miles from Petaluma- Will meet guests. Fishing and hunting.
i Very pleasant purroundtnpp. Can accommodate four. Terms.
j $<5.00 per week. Address. Mrs. R. M. Skinner. Petaluma, Cal.
Tihlietts'— Town Horn*— Petaluma. Means of transfer,
street car. Pleasantly located, commanding good view. Airy
an.l sunny rooms. Can accommodate four. Adults, $5.00 per
week. Address, Mrs. I>. Tibbetts. Petaluma, Cal.
I'ine Grove — ",'own Heme — Suburbs of Petaluma. Grounds
! two acres. Grove ol pine trees. Can accommodate four families,
without board. Two huuses. Rent, $10.00 to $20.00 per month.
1 Address. Mrs. S. Drown, P. 0.. box 272. Petaluma. Cal.
lluena Vlstu Itnneh— Near Petaluma. Will meet guests.
Address, J. H. Caltoft, Buena Vista Ranch, Petaluma, Sonoma
County, Cal.
Llnehaneh's— Stony Point— Ten miles from Petaluma. Will
meet ruests. Rolling country, natural groves, orchards; hunting
and fishing. Can accommodate four. Adults. $7.00 per week.
Address, Mrs. J. H. Linebaugh. Stony Point, Sonoma County. Cal.
' Llnehnuarli'M— Ten miles from Petaluma. Will meet guests.
Home orchard, natural grove, charming surroundings. Can ac
commodate four Adults. $7.00 per week. Address, Mrs. R. F.
Linebauph. Stony Point. Sonoma County, Cal.
Slaylleld's— Ten miles from Petaluma. Will meet guests.
Quiet country home. Fruit Farm. Can accommodate four to
Fix. Adults. $5.00 per week. Address, Mrs. G. W. Maytield,
Ktony Point, Sonoma County, Cal.
Kelley's Ranch— Six miles from Petaluma, Will meet
ruests. In the foothills, between Petaluma and Sonoma. Lake
on ranch. Boating. Can accommodate six. Adults. ?5.00 per
week; children under twelve years, $2.50. Address, jamea J.
Kellev. Petaluma. Sonoma County, Cal.
AVhlllateli'n — One and one-haif miles from Corona Station.
Will meet giests. Quiet country home. Rural delivery mall every
day 11 a. m. Can accommodate four. Adults, $5.00 per week;
children under ten years, half rates. Address, D. F. Whitlatch.
Petaluma. Cal.
Wilkinson's— Half mile from Perm Grove. Will meet
guests. Quiet country home. Can accommodate six. Adults, $7.00
per week. Address, Mrs. Wm. Wilkinson, Perm Grove, Sonoma
County. Cal.
Mice's— Town Horne — Perm Grove. Will meet gruests. Quiet
country home. Can accommodate six. Adults. {25.00 per month;
children, half rates. Address, Mrs. E. B. Rice. Perm Grove, So
noma County. Cal.
Cheney's— One-third mile from Perm Grove. Will meet
guests.* Farm, pleasantly surrounded. Can accommodate four to
six. Ad'iltff, $*>.o<"i per week. Special rates for families. Address.
Mrs. T. H. Ch»ney. Perm Grove. Sonoma County. Cal.
Chandler Heluhts— fix miles from Perm Grove. Will
meet ituests. In the foothills. Splendid view. Spring water.
Abundant Fhade. Paily mail. Can accommodate ten. Adults
tn.OO per week: children, hajf rates. Address, Mrs. J. Perry
Whltnker, Panta Horn. Cal.
Temperance House— Santa Rosa. Central part of town.
Means of transfer, horse cars. Address, J.W. Curry, Santa Rosa,
Sonoma County. Cal.
Cottaire Home— Town Home— Suburbs of Santa Rosa,
Will meet guests. Plenty of shade. Hammocks. Mall twice a
day. Can accommodate two. Adults,- $7.00 per week. Address
Mrs. M. Phelan, Santa Rosa, Cal. .
3lonntnln View-Town Home— Suburbs of Fanta Rosa.
¦Will meet guests. Plenty of shade. Hammocks. Mall twice a
day. Can accommodate six. " Adults, $7.00 per week. Address
Mrs. J. H. AbPhire, Santa Rosa, Cal.
Rose Cottace— Town Home— Suburbs Santa Rosa, Will
meet guests. Modern house, elegantly furnished. Telephone,
electric lights. Splendid view. Running stream skirts the grounds
Stable for horses and carriages. Can accommodate ten. Adults
$15.00 r>er week. Address, Mrs. F. B. Cornne. Santa Rosa, Cal. '
White's— Town Horne — Suburbs of Santa Rosa. Pleasantly
situated. Means of transportation, omnibus. Can accommodate
two. Adults. $5.00 p«r week. Address, Mrs. Charlotte White
Santa Rosa. Cal.
Jones'— Town Home— Santa Rosa. Pleasantly situated. Can
accommodate eight. AddreM, Mrs. J. M. Jones, Santa Rosa, So
noma County, Cal.
McMeans'— Town Home— Santa Rosa. Pleasantly situated
lArjre. airy rooms. Ample grounds. Address, Miss Carrie Mc-
Mean«. Panta Rosa, Sonoma County, Cal.
White Snlphnr Sprintr*— Located In the foothills with
in two and one-half miles of Santa Rora. Bus meets all trains
Hotel and cottages are located on good elevation and command a
view of the whole Santa Rosa Valley. There are abundant shade
trees. Located as they are. the air Is always pleasant, no matter
how hot the day. Sulphur baths. Can accommodate sixty
Adults. $10.00 to $12.00 per week; children under ten, half rates
Special rates for families. Address, John S. Taylor, Santa Rosa'
I Sonoma County. Cal.
Arlington Manor— Nine miles from Santa Rosa. In the
mountains, among the pines. Camping privileges to a few quiet
families or parties. Fuel free. Address. Mrs. M. A. Ransom
Santa Rosa. Sonoma County. Cal.
! Valder's— Three miles from Santa Rosa. Will meet guests
! Pleasantly situated. Short distance off road In orchard Mark
I West Creek flows through the place. Flfhlng. boating and bath-
I ing. Can accommodate two. Adults, $7.00 per week. Address
Mrs. 11. D. Valder, Fanta Rosa. Cal. Aaaress.
Oak Shade Ranch— Seven and one-half miles from Santa
Rcsa. Will meet euests. Seven hundred and twenty-seven acres
In the foothills, 1000 feet above sea level. Hunting and fishing
horses and rigs; 30 Jersey cows. Can accommodate fifteen Ad
dress, Harry L. Jones. Eanta Rosa. Cal. " "
Loser's— Town Home— Sebastopol. Will meet guests. Pleas
antly situated. Can accommodate twenty-five. Adults $0 00 to
$3.00 per week. Address, J. B. Loser, Sebastopol. Sonoma Coun-
Collin*'— Six miles from Rebastopol. Will meet guests In
a fmall valley. Froit farm: Hills covered with redwood trees
Can accommodate eight. Adults. $6.00 per week; children under
ten. *3.n0. Address, C. B. Collins, Occidental. Sonoma Co Cal
nremner's— Five miles from Santa Rosa— At the foot of
Bennett's Peak. Near Matanza Creek. Fishing and hunting.
Imlly mail. Can accommodate fifteen. Adults. $0.00 per week.
HpeHal rates for families. Address, D. B. Bremner, Santa Rosa,
Trlup'Pi-On Gold Itldge-One-half mile from Sebastopol and
, eirht miles west of Santa Rosa, Hills near by. Will meet euests
at Sebastopol. Can accommodate four. Adults $5 00 per week
children under ten, half rates. Address. B. L. Tript) Sebastnnni
.Sonoma County, Cal. u«iujjui.
Lone Redwood Home— One mile from Fulton— On "' Mark
West Creek. Bathing. Plenty of shade. Will meet rurstn
Adults. W.OO per week: children, half rates. Addr? S s. Mra. M
D. Brown. Fulton. Sonoma County, Cal.
l.nlliiier Ranch-Four miles from Windsor. Will meet
IK.' S5S$5 '^ I^,^. SSaSSKJtfg
Live Oaks— Three miles from Windsor. "Will meet truest*
Horses and vehicles for guests. Fishing and swlmmln "in^Rus:
elan River. Free baths at mineral Rprings. Cat, accommodate
twelve.' Adults. $8.00 Per week; children under ten. $4 00. Sp"
Count* Car' Address, W. B. Rich, Windsor. Sonoma
. Welcli'M-Quartrr mile from Windsor. Will meet guests.
Farm pleasantly located. Can accommodate four to six. Adults
1 Cou^ty. er Ca¥ Address, Mrs. F. T, Welch. Windsor. Sonoma
Ila'rnes'— Town Home— Healdsburg. Means of transfer om
nlbui. Centrally located. Adults. $fl.oo per week: children half
rates. Address. Mrs. T. J. Barnes, Healdsburg, Sonoma County,
.v ne\lo's-Town Home— Healdsburg. Means of transfer, om
?. lbUi TT *? ea £. a y* y « tv^ ed - Can accommodate eight. Address.'
Mrs. H. L. DeNlo, Healdsburg. Sonoma County. Cal. t
Heald's-Town Home-Healdsburg. Will meet guests.
Pleasantly situated. Cool shady verandas. Fruit trees, shade
l- c £2' . * r f f I J>« lawn ' etc - , Cajl accommodate six. Party of two.
$7 00 to $£00 per .WMk; four or more, $7.00 per week. Address
Thou, T. Heald. Healdsburg. Sonoma County, Cal
Karrar'n-Town Home— Healdsburg. Means of transfer,
omnibus. V ill meet guests. Pleasantly located. Large, sunny
rooms. Can accommodate eighteen. Address, Mrs. S R Farrar
Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Cal.
Peek T s— Town Home— Healdsburg. Means of transfer, omni
bus. Pleasantly situated. Airy rooms. Can accommodate two.
Adults, $5.00 per week. Address, Mrs. George Peck, Healdsburg,
Sonoma County. CaL . .
3 SarßTinssou'n— One mile from Healdsburg. Will meet
. guests.- At the foot of Fitch Mountain. Russian River flows
f through .the farm. Swimming and fishing. Can accommodate
, two. Adults. $7.00 per week. Address, Mrs. C. Sarglnsson, Healds
burg, Sonoma County, Cal.
, RoNebroujrh'a)— Quarter of a mile from Grant Station. Will
. meet guests. Plenty of shade Fruit ranch. Can accommodate
', six. Adults, $7.00 per week. Address, C. E. Rosebrough, Healds
: tvr «H_ Sonoma County, Cal
Trendway's— Three miles from, Healdsburgr. Will meet
i guests. Situated in the foothills. Can accommodate five. Adults,
r $7.00 per week; children, half rates. Special rates for families,
s Address, Mrs. D. O. Treadway, Healdsburg, Sonoma County, Cal.
'• *,r.,, Monn * aln View Ranch- Seven mile* from Healdsburg.
i will meet guests. Pleasantly situated. Can accommodate twenty.
. Adults, $10.00 per week; children half rates. Special rated for
. families. Address, Ed Shone, Lamberts, Sonoma County. Cal.
¦\ i, I * anc '" Farm- Eight miles from Healdsburg. One-quarter
mile from Russian River. Will meet, guests. Fishing and hunt-
Ing. • Can accommodate .ten in house. Adults, $5.00 per week.
' This Is also a desirable location for campers. Table board for
. campers, $3.60 per week. Addresa, Mrs. A. Isaacs, Healdsburg.
Qbl. j .- * '.. i
i Chapneira— On the banks of the Russian River, nine miles
, from Healdsburg. Fishing and bathing. Three hundred acres.
Can accommodate eight. Adults $7.00 per week; children, .half
,- price. •¦ Special .rates for families. Address, J. D. CSappell. Alex
, ander-Valley P. 0., Sonoma County, Cal.
Pine Hat— Fourteen miles from Healdsburg. Means .of
transfer, Pine : Flat and Healdsburg Stage. In the i midst of
groves of pines and firs. Fishing and hunting. Can accommo
date six. Adults, $5.00 per week; children under twelve, $3.00
per week. Address, C. A. Grimmer, Pine Flat, Sonoma Co.. Cal.
: -• Barlow*— Town Home— Healdsburg. Pleasantly situated.
Can accommodate six. ¦ Adults $10.00 per week. Address. Mrs.
M. Barlow, Healdsburg, Cal • ' ' •
SUriver Place— One-half mile from Lytton. Will meet
guests. Plenty of • shade. Pleasantly situated. Can accommo
date six. - Adults, $7.00 per week* children under twelve, $3.60.
• Address, Mrs. Oeo. Shrlver Lytton, Sonoma County, Cal.
.Patterson's— Four miles from Lytton. Will meet guests.
lln Alexander Valley, near the foothills. Fishing In Sausal Creek
near by. Can accommodate two. Adults, $7.00 per week. Ad
dress, Mrs. E. Patterson, Alexander Valley, P. 0., Sonoma Coun
ty. Cal.
Merrill's— Town Horne — Geyserville. Large roomy house,
pleasantly situated. Can accommodate eight. Adults. $7.00 per
week; children under ten. $4.00. Special rates for families. Ad
dress, Mrs. M. M, Merrill. Geyserville, Sonoma County, Cal.
Country House— Three-quarters of a mile from Geyser
vill*. Will meet guests. At the foot of mountains, in Alexander
Valley. On the Russian River. Mineral spring. Can accommo
date four. Adults, $25.00 per month. Special rates for families.
Address, Mrs. L. M. Smith. Geyserville. Sonoma County. Cal.
TJird'fi Xewt — Two miles from Geyserville. In the foothills,
at the base of Geyser Peak. Will meet guests. Mineral springs.
Can accommodate four. Adults, $7.00 per week. Address, Mrs.
J. W. Parrott, Geyserville, Sonoma County, Cal.
Albrid'n-r-Four miles from Geyserville. Will meet guests.
On a small hill commanding view of the valley. Good fishing
and hunting. Teams at disposal of the guests. Can accommo
date twenty. Adults, $7.00 per week. Addresa. Mrs. Kate Albrid,
Cozzen's P. 0.. Sonoma County, Cal.
Lanrel Knncn Resort— Five miles from GeyserviUe. Will
meet guests. On a hill overlooking the valley. Fishing in Little
Sulphur Creek near by. Can accommodate fifteen. Adults, $7.0u
per week; children under twelve, $4.00. Address, Mrs. Geo. H.
Black, Geyserville, Sonoma County. Cal.
Measner's— Five miles from Geyserville. Will meet guests.
Mountain ranch. Vineyard. Mountain streams. Good trout fish
ing. Can accommodate six. Adults, $8.00 per week. Addresa,
Jake Messner, Geyserville.
Geyner Pentc Uanch — Seven miles from Geyserville. Will
meet guests. Elevation, 2000 feet. Three thousand acres. New
house, large verandas. Fine trout stream flows through the place
for three miles. Can accommodate twenty-five. Adult*. $3.00
per week; children, half price. Address, J. T. Harlan, Geyser
ville. Sonoma County, Cal.
linnhnm'ft— Town Home— Cloverdale. Means of transfer,
omnibus. A quiet parsonage home, pleasantly situated. Croquet,
tennis, etc. Can accommodate four. Adults, $7.00 per week. Ad
dress, H. E. Banham, Box 265, Cloverdale, Sonoma County. Cal.
Kincs Id's— Town Home— Cloverdale. Will meet guests.
Pleasantly situated. Can accommodate six. Adults. $8.00 per
week. Special rates for families. Address, E. Klncaid. Clover
dale, Sonoma County, Cal.
Locust Ilnll— Town Home— Cloverdale. Will meet guests.
Pleasantly situated. Plenty of shade. Can accommodate elcht.
Adults, $7.00 per week. Address, Mrs. John Fields. Cloverdale.
Sonoma County, Cal.
Linda Vlntn Cottiyre — Town Home — Cloverdale. V.'lll
meet guests. Pleasantly t'tuated on the edge of the town. Can
accommodate six. Adults, $7.00 per week. Address, Mrs. G.
Hagmayer, Cloverdale, Sonoma County. Cal.
Honilley'B— Town Home— Cloverdale. Charming surround
ings. Can accommodate four. Adults, $7.00 per week. Address,
Mrs. H. C, Hoadley, Cloverdale.
/Shole*'— Town Home— Cloverdale. Will meet guests. Pleas
antly situated. Can accommodate two. Address. Mrs. M. J.
Sholes. dovenlale, Sonoma County, Cal.
IriMli'n — Town Horne — Cloverdale. II«lf-mI!e from station.
Means of transfer, hotel bus. Can accommodate six. Adults, $7.00
per week; children, $4. C0. Address. W. \V. Irish, Cloverdale, So
noma County. Cal.
Ivy Hell— Lovely farm which adjoins the town of Clover
dale. Hunting, fishing, croquet, plenty of shade, hot and cold
baths, etc. Can accommodate twelve. Adults,' $S.OO per week;
children under twelve. $4.00. Address, William CaJdwell. Clover
dale.
Home Comfort— Quarter of a mile from Cloverdale and
less than a mile from Russian River. Fishing- and hunting. "Will
meet gupsts. Pleasant, shady grounds. Guests driven to points |
of interest. Can accommodate twelve. Adults, ?7.00 and JS.OO
per v.-eek;- children under twelve, ono-half rates. Special rates for
families. Address, Mrs. A. Itentley, Cloverdale. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
I'lenMunt View Raiielir-One mile from Cloverdale and
half a mile from Big Sulphur Cr<vk. the famous trout stream.
Quiet country hom«\ near to heavily wooded hills. Can accom
modate fifty. Adults, $7.00 per week; children under twelve, $3.50.
Address, E. M. Shelford, Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal.
The ()ak» — One and one-half miles from Cloverdale. Will
meet guests. One-half mile from Russian River. Fishing and
bathing. Mineral springe near by. Can accommodate five.
Adults, $7.00 per week; children under eight, one-half. Address,
Paul J. Leroux. Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal.
McKoon Ranch— One and one-half miles from Cloverdale.
Will meet guests. Situated In a little mountain valley. Plenty
of shade, walks, drives, etc. Can accommodate six. . Adults. $8.00
per week. Address. H. H. MeKoon, Cloverdale, Sonoma Co.. Cal.
Mnr Well's — Two miles from Cloverdale. Will meet guests.
Road adjoins Rursian River. Bathing and flshlnpt. Plenty - of
shade. Can accommodate ten. Adults, $S,OO to $10.00 per week;
children, one-half price. Special rates for families. Address.
Ellas Markell. Cloverdale, Cal.
"Wood's— Two and one-half miles from Cloverdale. Means
of transfer, stage. In the foothills. Plenty of shade. Pleasant
drives ami walks. Hunting and fishing. Can accommodate Blx.'
Adults, $7.00 per week; chlldre-n, half. Address, Mrs. J. B.
Wood. Cloverdale, Konoma County. Cal.
• The Alder Glen Mineral Snrlnpr* — Two and one-half
miles from Cloverdale. Situated in a picturesque canyon. Hill
sides covered with timber. Adults, $8.00 to- $10.00 per week.
Good location for campers. One dollar per week for family or
tent. Store where supplies can be bought. Address, Harris Rob
ertson & Son*. Cloverdale, Sonorna County, Cal.
White Onk Fnrni- Three and one-half miles from Clo
verdale, two and one-half miles from Astl. Will meet guests.
Situated In a little valley surrounded by mountains. Plenty of
shade. Dancing platform, croquet grounds, hammocks, swings,
etc. Can accommodate forty. Adults. $7.00 per week; children
under ten, $3.&0. Address, W. H. Hlatt, Cloverdale, Sonoma
County. Cal.
Stone Wnll F"rnlt Hnnoli — Three and one-half miles
from Cloverdale. near Russian River. Fishing and bathing. Will
meet guests. House on elevation, overlooking the valley. Adults.
$7.00 per week. Special rates for families. Address, John H. Tur
ner, Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal.
Parker Vlneynril Ranch— Four miles from Cloverdale.
Will meet guests. In the foothills. Plenty of shade, pleasant
walks through the canyons, and hunting. Can accommodate
forty. Adults, $7.00 per week: children. $3. 50. Address. John D.
Winter, Cloverdale, Sonoma County, Cal.
Vnlley Kami— One mile from Astl Station, four miles from
Cloverdale. Will meet guests. Residence in the foothills. Rus
sian River within a quarter of a mile, affording good boating. Can
accommodate six. Adults, $8.00 per week; children. $5.00. Spe
cial rates for families or parties. Addresa, Wm. H. Black, Clo
verdale, Konoma County, Cal.
Riverside Ranch- One mile from Astl, four miles from
Cloverdale. Will meet guests. On Russian River. Fishing and
bathing. Can accommodate six. Adults, $8.00 per week: chil
dren, $5.00. Address. Charles E. Black. Cloverdale. Sonoma
County, Cal.
Cooper's— Eight miles from Cloverdale. Will meet guests.
Hunting, fishing and bathing. Can accommodate ten. Adults,
$8.00 per week; children, $5.00. Address, F. J. Cooper, Clover
dale, Cal.
Good Fellow* Home— Dripping Springs, on Pine Mount
ain. Nine miles from Cloverdale. Means of transfer, livery. Ele
vation, 5500 feet. Adults, $8.00 per week. Will also take campers.
Furnish wood, grounds and water privileges free: $5.00 for the
season for each camp. Tents and cottages for rent at low rates.
Addresa. S. Stratlon. No. 3 Eighth street. San Francisco. Cal.
Telephone Jessie 044.
Kraxler Ranch— On the Oeyser Road, ten miles from Clo
verdale. Sulphur Creek, the famous trout stream, skirts the
ranch. Geyser stage from Cloverdale passes dally. Fishing and
bathing. Surrounding country rich In game. Can accommodate
twenty.- Adults. $6.00 per week; children under eight, $3.00. Ad
dress, Mrs. E. E. Frazler. Cloverdale, Cal.
Ornbann'a Mineral and Medical Snrlner Resort-
Twenty miles from Cloverdale. Will meet guests. In .the Red
woods. Fishing and hunting-. Can accommodate twelve/ Adults
JO.OO per week; children. $.1.00. Address, John S. Ornbaun Orn
baun, Mendoclno County, Cal.
Clow's— Thirty miles farm Cloverdale. Means of transfer,
stage. In the Redwoods. Hunting and fishing. Adults, $5 00
per week; children, S3. So. Address, Mrs. G. T. Clow. Boonevllle
Mendoclno County, Cal.
Oleander Farm— Quarter of a mile from Preston. Will
meet guests. On the banks of the Russian River. Bathing and
fishing. Near Sulphur Creek for trout fishing. Plenty of. shade;
orchard. Can accommodate twenty-five. Adults, $7.00 per week
children, half rates. Address, C. E. Worth, Preston. Sonoma
County, Cal.
Senter's— Town Home— Hopland. Pleasantly situated. Can
accommodate six. Adults, $5.00 per week; children, half price.
Address, E. Senter, Hopland, Mendoclno County. Cal.
IlnrUer's— One-half mile from Hopland. Will meet guests.
Pleasantly, situated; charming home. Can accommodate four.
Adults. $i.OO per week. Address, Mrs. Henry Barker, Hoplaml.
Mendocino County, Cal.
Lowe's— At East Hopland." One mile from Hopland. Will
meet guests. On the banks of the Russian River. Fishing and
bathing. Can accommodate four. Adults. $7.00 per week. Ad
dress, Mrs. D. M. Lowe, Hopland, Mendoclno County, Cal.
Illatt's— One mile from Hopland. Will meet guests. Charm- :
ing surroundings. Can accommodate four. Adults. $6.00 per
week. Address, Mrs. M. Hlatt, Hopland, Mendoclno County. Cal.
Leek'»-~Three miles from Hopland. Will meet guests.
Hunting and fishing. Adults $7.00 per week. Address. Mrs. C.
E. Leek, Hopland. Mendocino County, Cal. '
Daw Rnneh— Four miles from Hopland. Will meet guests. ;
In' the hills. Quiet country home. Fishing and hunting. Can ac- '
commodate two. Adults, $7.00 per week; children, half price. '
Address, Mrs. J. Daw, Hopland., Mendoclno County, Cal.
Iluclciuan's— McDowell Valley. Four miles. from Hopland.
Will -meet guests.' Near headwaters of Pleta Creek. Mountain- !
ous surrqundlngs. Fishing and hunting. Can accommodate four. .-
Adults, $7.00 per week;' children, half price. Address, J, R. ,'
Buckman, Hopland, Mendocino County, Cal. !
Uenson'n— Four and one-half miles from Hopland. Cannot :
accommodate party with board, but if they bring their own tents
and bedding will board. Adults,- 75 cents per day. Addresa, J,
B. Benson. Hopland, Mendoclno County, Cal. '
Kelsey Mills— Seventeen miles from Hopland. three miles '
from Highland Springs. Means of transfer, stage to Kelseyvllle, .
where guests will be met. Mountain stream within one hundred ;
feet of house. Waterfall over ferns and mosses. Shady walks,
etc. Can accommodate ten. Adults, $6.00 per week; children, .
half rates. Special rates for families. Addresa, W. H. Brown.
Kelseyville, Lake County, Cal. . " , , ¦¦' '
Combs' Ran,ch— Eighteen miles from Hopland. Means of '
transfer, stage— passes the door. Large house, situated In oak
grove. Always cool and pleasant. Can accommodate four. Adults, i
$7.00 per week. Special rates for families. Address, James H.. '
Combs, Lakeport, Lake County, Cal. " • . 'j
Onkvllle— Eighteen miles from Hopland. Means of transfer,' .'
stage — passes the door. Mountainous surroundings. Can accom- <
modate eight. Adults, $8.00 per week. Special' rates for families.' 1
Address. N. McNeiU, Highland Springs. Lake County, Cal.
Johnson's— One mile from Upper Lake. Means of transfer. <
stage to Upper Lake, where guests will be met. Ranch home. '<
Pleasant surroundings. Address, Miss Annie Johnson, Upper '
Lake. Lake County, Cal. < <? .
• .Whites-T hree miles northwest of Lakeport, In Scott's Val
ley. Pleasant location. Stage from Hopland to Lakeport. where i
guests will be . met. Address, Mrs. C. White, Lakeport, Lake <
County, Cal. . , . i
THE SAN. FRAK CISCO CAL.L, SUJSD AY, APRIL 29, 1900.
TIPS FOR YOUR VACATION CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALIFORNIA.
Lessee
S. F. and N. P. R y ,
24COMMITTEE WILL NAME
POPULIST DELEGATES
Convention That Was to Have B*en
Held This Week Will Not
Take Place.
The Populists of California have Issued
a letter in which they announce that ow
ing to the expense of holding two conven
tions, the short time before the Cincinnati
convention and the fact that ail the Pop
ulists are practically opposed to holding a
convention to nominate delegates ..o tha
national convention und^r the circum
stances alluded to. the call for the nom
inating convention for delegntoa, for May
1, previously Issued, la rescinded, and ths
provisional committee will m*»et May 1 at
the Turk-street Temple to name the na
tional delegates. This letter Is signed by
Horace W. Phllbrook as chairman. Thom
as H. Porter. Dr. John Z. Miller. Georg*
A. ClouKh. W. E. Walker. W. J. Greer, J.
T. Rogers, fJeorge W. Monteith. G. A.
Huhboll. J. K. Phillips and C. D. Rogers.
The regular nominating convention to
name candidates for the State offices will
he held In Ausrust. The letters received
from all over tho State, so the committee
men 3ay. Indicate almost unanimous oppo
sition to Bryan and favor amalgamation
between the "middle-of-the-road" Popu
lists and th»> Social Democrats.
ENDS HER TROUBLES BY
DRINKING CARBOLIC ACID
Eva Chase, a young woman living at
224 O'Farrell street, committed suicide at
1 o'clock this morning by swallowing tha
contents of a bottle of carbolic acid. The
body was removed to the Morgue.
PROMINENT ALAMEDAN
SUMMONED BY DEATH
ALAMEDA, April 28.— George A.
Bordwell, a member of the Board
of Freeholders, died last night at
the Homeopathic Sanitarium in San
Francisco, after an operation performed
In the hope of relieving abdominal trouble
which seized the patient suddenly last
Wednesday.
The deceased was prominent in the new
charter movement in Alameda, having
been president of the Municipal League,
which was behind the agitation for a new
organic law. He was identified with the
Presbyterian church and was a member of
Encinal Lodge, A. O. U. W.
Born in Jacksonville. 111., on November
3, 1850, Mr. Bordwell came to California
with his parents when he was but 5 years
old. Hl» father was an architect. When
he died the son succeeded to the business.
Mr. Bordwell married Miss Elizabeth
Moore in 1874. The wife and six children—
Hattie, Fred, Percy, Frank, Otis and Paul
Bordwell— survive him.
The funeral will take place on Monday
at 1 o'clock from the First Presbyterian
Church. Rev. Frank S. Brush will officiate, |
LATE GEORGE A. BORDWELTj.
HENRY HAVES' DEATH
HASTENED BY WORRY
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 28.
EX-COUNCILMAN HENRY HAVES
died this afternoon at his residence,
626 East Fourteenth street, from an
' ' apoplectic stroke Induced by worry
ing over the implied criticism of his busi
ness dealings to which he has been sub
jected during the progress of the Brooks
will contest:
. The deceased has been a resident of this
city since 1572 and was a member of the
wholesale butcher firm of Hayes, Car
rlck & Co. and later of Henry Hayes &
Co. until the year 18tt5, when he retired
from an active commercial career. At
one time he was a City Councilman and
took a keen Interest in public affairs. For
many years the late Lafayette Brooks
was a partner of Mr. Hayes and the ex-
Councllman has figured prominently In
the will contest Instituted by Mrs. Alice
Wilkinson, a daughter of Brooks, which
Is now on trial in Judge Greene's depart
ment of the Superior Court.
During the progress of this case Attor
neys representing Mrs. Wilkinson, have
asked numerous questions plainly Indicat
ing an opinion that prior to his death
Brooks had been unfairly treated by his
partner. Particular stress was laid on the
burning of the books of the firm.
According to David Symmes, bookkeeper
for the old firm and a trusted employe of
the deceased for . many years, Hayes
brooded much over what he regarded as
attacks on his honesty.
Hayes himself was summoned as a wit
ness yesterday In the case. He was sub
jected to grilling cross-examination. He
was Just^ recovering from a severe at
tack of grip. When he reached home af
ter his experience In court he was so
weak that Dr. de Larue was summoned to
attend him. He felt much Improved to
day and worked for a while In his gar
den. About half-past 3 o'clock In the af
ternoon he went into his chamber to take ,
a nap and was stricken with apoplexy as
he was In the act of reclining, his death
following within a few minutes.
The deceased was born near Reedsvllle.
Mlfflln County, Pa., and was consequently
74 years of age. He leaves an estate val
ued at about J75.000. His only surviving
relatives are two brothers, living near
Reedsville, and his niece, Miss Anna
Hayes.
The remains will be shipped to Reeds
ville for interment.
GOVERNOR TANNER'S ILLNESS.
Physician States That His Condition
Is Very Critical.
CHICAGO. April 29,.— Dr. Nicholas Sonn
said to-night that the condition of Gover
nor Tanner was alarming. The State's
executive arrived in Chicago In the morn
ing, a critically Kick man, and Is now con
fined to his bed at the Great Northern
Hotel. Dr. Senn Insists that an absolute
ly certain diagnosis of the case has been
made and that the Governor is suffering
from gall etones. If this be true the pa
tient's chances are not considered very
hopeful, but as a last resort an operation
will be performed probably within a few
days.
Sues a Physician.
SACRAMENTO. April 28.— Florence Lo
retta Mackay has bejrun suit against Dr.
J. H. Shirley for $20,150, alleging that he
agreed for JIHO to cure her of what he told
her was cancer, but that through hla
treatment her left side is paraylzed and
that ehe will never again be able to get
along without the attendance of a nurse.
\ We've got the reputations
Jor low prices. \
l Can we be of an3 r ser-i
Jvice to 3*ou in saving*
Jinoney ? J
Sugar *
} Spreckel's jg p Oun d S $I.OOi
a Pur* cryßtalizwd cane. \
>Sugar Cured Ham a
4 tSSXS****- pound i3^cj
? teadcr— Just right for breakfast. T
Dairy Salt f
I «£ toW * 50 lb sack iscf
f Pur* white. Usually 80c and 85c. f
# Ivory Soap .4 bars 25^
A r <tr 26 wrappers you Ret a 50c ticket A
f free for the Orpheum theater. f
America Cheese f
4 Only the ?•ry highest _„ r l. cor f
\ gT*de cheese is put up CdtU
f under this brand and style. §
Snaps. .4 pounds 250^
> fi-.nge.rj- and snappy. Regular lfto. a
a Extra Soda Crackers J
4 r?ein 10 pound box 30c 4
w from the oven. Usually 60c ~.
JC. & B. Paste J
\ BibSTwdr.. large jar 15c J
f AncJiovy or blouter paste. 9
a R^frular &c. \
\Chancerelle's Sardines ?
a half pound can 15C1
f Imported. About 22 sardines f
A to tbe caa. A
Whiskey A
0 ZSSHrteS gallon $2. 75 i
». for richnom and flavor that no \
6 other whiskey has. f
+ Beech Run Whiskey -was.")
4 SSf^Jffl 1 *- bottle 75 cf
a cuicldjr be. om<? a strong favorit*. A
f Re ommeaded for medicinal use. "
Sweet Wines v*
t An-oiica, gallon 45C^
4 Sherry and IKK) tint&ge. §
Muscatel. Most dealers sell '
A thfja at 75c and f 1.00 gallon. A
A-.\% Market St. B. T. fihattuck Ar. Farkeleyi
'Bth £ W»«ihintfton,Oak Ontral Avo. AlaniodaX
ai(*!7 Broadway. " 7th & Wood. Oak. A
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Eastern Visitor's Death.
OAKLAND. April 25.-John Scribner. a
pioneer manufacturer of Walllngford. V't..
died to-day at the Hotel Albany, being 70
years of age. Deceased had been spend
ing the ¦winter In California, his custom
for several years. He had a brother at
Montlcello and a son In Vermont.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In %ernrAxne* Trfth f»>» «J»r«rtfAn«i of th* RT?-
PVBLICAX NATIONAL. COMMI'ITKB that
delrtcated repre**n':attve» of the Republiran
Party frcm th* teverat States ansunblo tn Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY. th» lJth
i*r of June. A. D. 1300. at 13 o'clock noon.
for th* purpoa* of nomlnatlnc candidates far
tbe office of President and Vie* President of
the United States, and for raeb other baslae**
as may be brought before said convention: and
In accordance with th* Instructions rty«a by
•aid National Committee, directing; that ta*
Congressional District delegates shall b* chosen
at a convention eaJled by th* Congressional
Committee of each said district. In th* sam«
manner as th* nomination of a Repreaentairv*
In Congress la made la said district; therafor*.
ba It
Resolved. By th* REPUBLICAN BTATB
CENTRA!, COMMITTEE OV CAtJFORXIA.
representing* the Republican Party of salds
State, that th* Concresslaoal Committees of
the several Congressional District* of th* Stat*
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions ot their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held aa bcrelnaftar
provided, at which, two del*a-at*a shall b«
chosen to represent each of such districts la
tha NATIONAL, REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held aa aforesaid, and for tfc*
selection of two alternate delegates, to act la
case of the absence of the delegates first chosea.
Tba selection of the delegates of the Con.
gresslonal Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of tbe Congressional Committee of eaca
district. In accordance with th* call of th*
National Commute*.
Provided. That th* basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be aa
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assets*
bly District within the Congressional District:
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces more than one county, ther* shall b*
on* delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In such Assembly District,
and on* delegate for each 100 votes cast for
Henry T. Gage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In 1899. and one delegate for each frmo-
tlon of ISO votes or over.
It is further directed that the aetegatee
rhosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet 1b State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
1900. at t o'clock p. m.. to select four delegates-
at-lanre to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In case the delegate*
¦ elected be absent, for the election of a Stat*
Central Committee, and for th* transaction ot
such further buslnes* as may be brought be-
fore th* said Bute Convection.
It la further directed that where primary
flection* are held the test for voters shall be:
"I believe In Republican principles and In-
dcrse the Republican policy and the admin-
istration cf President McKlnley. and intend
to support the nominees of th* Republic**
Party at the ensuing election."
It Is farther directed that contests must be
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Crmmlttee In writing, with a full statement
of the irrounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting of the State convention.
-All matter* relnUns; to such contest before th*
Congressional Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the lit*
tar of May. 1900.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATS CTW-
TBAT. COMMITTEE jjt San Francjsoo, April
t 1300. E. C. HAST. Secretary.
Was Pitcher's Brother.
OAKLAND. April 2S.— Definite Informa
tion has been received by relatives of the
late Henry S. Pitcher of Llvermore that
Charles A. Pitcher, who committed sui
cide at Seattle, was the dead banker's
brother. Charles had been largely de
pendent upon the Livermore financier and
it if= Fuppost-d became despondent when he
heard of hi? brother's suicide.
E. A. DICKSOW ELECTED
EDITOR IN CHIEF
BERKELEY. April 2S.— E. A. Dickson
of the olass of *01 of the University of
<"falifornia baa been Hr-ct»-d editor in chief
*if the CaiSfornian. Mr. Uickson has been
connected with the college daily for the
past three years in various capacities. He
hai been nt wppatht.rer and associate edi
tor and has done good work. Mr. Dlckson
¦will not name his staff until next semes
ter, when many of his colleagues will be
given positions.
EXPLOSION IN WASHINGTON.
Powder House Blows Up and Much
Property Is Damaged.
RITZVILLE. Wash.. April 23.— The pow
der house at Llnd. six miles east of here,
blew up at 6:30 this evening. The explo
sion shook every building for miles
around, wrecked the frelghthouse and de
pot, tore down telegraph poles, broke
nearly every window in town and de
stroyed a part of a drugstore stock. The
powder house, which is near the depot,
contained S*XX) pounds of dynamite.
The house caught fire. When the fir©
reached the powder there was a shaking
up such as this section never before ex
perienced. Where once stood the powder
house Is now nothing but a blj? hole In tha
ground. The railroad buildings were shat
tered so that they win have to be built
njiew. Telegraph poles were prostrated,
and for two hours ail telegraphic commu
nication with the East and West was in
terrupted.
The presence of fire gave ample warning
to the depot employes and townspeople,
and they were at a respectful distance
when" the explosion came. The property
loss is not over HOOO. with no Insurance.
SACRAMENTO READY TO
MEET KING CARNIVAL
Street Fair Will Be Opened Monday
Evening and a Week of Revelry
Will. Follow.
SACRAMENTO, April 28.— Everything Is
in readiness for the coming of King Car
nival on Monday. The arches, booths and
decorations in and around Capitol Park
are the finest ever seen in thin city. Al
most every business house in the city is
resplendent in carnival colors, and great
preparations have been made for the re
ception and care of visitors.
The fair will be formally opened on
Monday evening, at which time Mayor
Clark will present to the queen of the car
nival. Miss May MeAflams, the keys of
the city. Tuesday has been set apart for
the great floral carnival and Mayday pa
rade. Over three hundred decorated vehi
cles will be In line.
Special features have been provided for
each day of the week, and on Saturday
night Rex will appear and lead his people
In a great masquerade ball, to be held In
the big Agricultural Pavilion.
ARMY PROMOTIONS.
President Sends to the Senate List of
Nominations.
WASHINGTON,' April 28.— The Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate:
Army— Promotion, regulars: Second
Lieutenant F. S. Price, Sixth Infantry,
to be a nrst lieutenant.
Promotion, volunteers: Second Lieuten
ant Arthur N. Plckel, Thirty-ninth -In
fantry, to be first lieutenant.
Appointments In the volunteer army:
Eleventh Cavalry, to be second lieuten
ants—First Sergeant George It. Suther
land, Troop M: First Sergeant Edward S.
Luthi. Troop C.
Thirty-seventh Infantry— First Sergeant
Thomas W. Gunn, Company X, to be sec
ond lieutenant.
Thirty-ninth Infantry— To be second
lieutenants— Battalion Sergeant Major
Henry- R. Casey and Sergeant Major
Archer W. Davis.
Chess Champion's Feat.
PHILADELPHIA. Aurtl 2S.— Harry Nel-
son Plllsbury. the American chess cham
pion, to-day attempted the difficult feat
of playing twenty games simultaneously
against the most expert players of this
city, with the boards of his opponents
placed where he was unable to see them.
This i 3 the first tinni such an effort has
been made. Late to-night Mr. Plllsbury
had won seven games and lost one to L.
S. Landreth.
Every move made by the players was
announced loud enough for the champion
to hear and he followed with the return
move, mentioning the piece and the
squares.
Wildman for Vice President.
NEW YORK, April 28.— A dispatch to
the World from Hongkong says It Is re
ported there that Rounseville Wlldman,
the American Consul General, Is leaving
for the United States on a political mis
elon. Mr. Wlldman, It Is said, has been
asked by Republican leaders In the West
to become a candidate for the "Vice Presi
dential nomination.
BUILDING COLLAPSES
KILLING TWO MEN
Eleven Others Injured, of Whom It
Is Thought That Two "Will
Not Survive.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala., April 28.— 8y the
collapse of the framework of the main
building of the Dlmmlck Pipe and Foun
dry Company, In the course of erection in
North Birmingham, to-day, two men are
dead and eleven are injured, two of whom
will die. The dead:
JAMES McWHORTER.
DAVID WHITE.
The injured: Wlliam McWhorter, Inter
nally injured will rife; D. O. Patillo. will
die: Homer Brown. X P. Walker, John
Oliver. W. H. Allen. J. O. Beck. George
Slier, W. B. Jenna. J. B. Rolf and John
Sharp.
While an immense beam was being
placed In position on the roof it fell, strik
ing the next beam and knocking that
down. The second beam knocked down the
third, and so on, until twenty-six beams
¦had fallen, causing a collapse of the struc
ture. <*
About thirty men were at work on the
building. Thirteen were on the superstruc
ture and went down In the wreckage.
Those on the ground floor leaped out of
the doors and windows as soon as the
first beam fell and escaped uninjured.
MRS. BRUNER REMARRIES.
Daughter of Senator Elkins Again
Becomes a Bride.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 28.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Elklns-Bruner. daughter of United States
Senator Stephen B. Elklns and widow of
Edward E. Bruner, was married to Wil
liam Canes Wlederseim of Philadelphia
yesterday morning. The marriage cere
mony was performed by the Rev. Dr. R.
Heber Newton and was witnessed by
relatives only. The bride, who Is a tall
and handsome blonde, was not attended
by bridesmaids nor maid of honor.
Dissatisfaction in San Jose.
Sppclal Dispatch to The Call
SAN JOSE. April 28. — The Republican
Good Government League of Santa Clara
County is not satisfied with the recent ac
tion of the Fifth Congressional Committee
In the" appointment of delegates to the
conventions at Sacramento, and at to
day's meeting the matter was thoroughly
discussed. The action of placing the rep
resentation of thei Santa Clara County Re
publicans In the hands of the Rea gang
was scored, as was Chairman Goldberg.
It is evident there will be a wide breach In
Santa Clara County Republicanism unless
the State Committee steps in and guaran
tees that no more sucn highhandedness
will be tolerated. -
VICTORY FOR THE SAN
DIEGO FLUME COMPANY
Judge Torrence Refuses to Grant the
Temporary Injunction
Prayed For.
SAN DIEGO. April 25.-Judge Torrence
In the Superior Court has decided that the
injunction asked for by the ranchers tak
ing water along the line of the San Diego
nume to prevent that company from regu
lating- the flow of -water -to them by ad-
Justing their gates, or In any way reduc
ing their supply, shall not be granted.
In his opinion, which is of general In
terest throughout the Stale, Judge Tor
rence says:
"Unless some substantial Injury Is being
done a court of equity will not Interfere.
The plaintiffs proceed upon the theory
that they are entitled to the water In the
flume and that any tampering with their
measuring boxes will interfere with their
rights. There is no allegation that the
flume company has been shutting off the
entire supply; the allegation is that the
company has prevented them from receiv
ing their whole amount.
"In a number of contracts It is stipu
lated that if a shortage occurs the water
shall be distributed equally. That exists
now. and the answer shows that there Is
not sufficient water there to supply all.
If there were no such clause they would
be entitled to a pro rata anyhow. There
is a doubt in my mind whether a preferred
right could be enforced as against other
consumers. Why should a court of equity
furnish water to two or three consumers
to the detriment of all the rest? The
grounds on which the temporary Injunc
tion Is denied is that a court of equity
will not Interfere to enforce some techni
cal right.
"The plaintiffs do not allege that the
flume company is not furnishing them
their distributive portion of the water,
and therefore I do not see any occasion
for issuing a writ of injunction. The flume
company is only apportioning the water,
and not using It."
MONEY FOR FORTIFICATIONS.
Senate Committee Favors Additions
to the Appropriation.
WASHINGTON, April 28.— The Senate
Committee on Appropriations has com
pleted consideration of the fortifications
appropriation bill and made the follow
ing additions to the bill:
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars
for the purchase of land on Cushlngs
Island, Portland harbor, Maine, on which
to erect additional batteries and buildings
for troops: $135,000 for building sites on
Sulllvans Island. Charleston. S. C; $115,
140 for the completion of field and siege
batteries: $40,000 additional for the A. B.
Emory elevating carriage; $100,000 for the
purchase of the right to manufacture and
use the Isham high explosive shell and
Tuttle's high explosive thorite.
The additions made by the committee
aggregate $G40,140, bringing the total ap
propriation made by the bill up to $7,
733,628.
HEROES REWARDED.
Medals Awarded to the Officers and
Crew of the Hudson.
"WASHINGTON. April 28.— The House
passed a number of bills of .importance
to-day, and the major portion of the ses
sion was devoted to the Senate bill to
create a commission to adjudicate
claims of citizens of the United States
against Spain/ assumed by this country
by the treaty of Paris. The bill devel
oped considerable opposition, but was
finally recommitted to the committee on.
war claims with Instructions to report
back a bill to refer the claims to the
court of claims.
The Senate bills to recognize the ser
vice of Lieutenant Newcomb and the offi
cers and men of the revenue cutter Hud
son, which rescued the torpedo boat
Winslow at Cardenas. Cuba, by confer
ring gold and silver medals upon them,
and to retire Captain Hodgson of the rev.
enue cutter Hugh McCulloch for merito
rious services, were passed.
»
Socialists Want Recognition.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April 28.— The Socialist La
bor party of this city, which recently
nominated a full city ticket, to-day began
mandamus proceedings In the Superior
Court to compel City Clerk Cook to ac
cept certificate of nominations of their
pt> rty and to place the same on the official
ballots to be used at the coming city elec
tion. A section of tbe new charter makes
provision for candidates to go on the
ticket by petition, and when the Socialist
party presented a certificate of nomina
tions City Clerk Cook refused to accept it.
Delegates Appointed.
TUBA CITY. April 28.— The Republican
County Central, Committee of Butter
County met this afternoon and appointed
the following delegates to the State Con
vention May 15: R. S. Algeso. C. G. Raub,
H. Luther and Lawrence Schllllg.
FINDS WIFE AND
FURNITURE GONE
ALAMKDA. April 28.— When Arthur
Tate. a machinist, returned from his work
Thursday r.ight he found that his home
at lr.Jft Xinth street was not graced by
the presence of his wife. His three young
children by a former wife were crying
for food. The house was bare of fixtures
£nd the children had to content them
eelves with seats on uncarpeted floors.
Mrs. Tate had iloramji«i with 'everything
in sight. To-day fhe filed a suit for di
vorce from Tate on the sround of cruelty.
Tale i? willing to give his wife a divorce
if «h<- will only give nis furniture and car
pets bark. The couple were married last
Nnvrr.te.r.
year there was a gain of nine new courts
and a net gain In membership of more
than 700. despite the fact that many mem
bers were suspended.
During the year there has been a
marked increase' in the court funds, many
of the courts showing a good financial
standing. Of the thirty-eight courts in
San Francisco with an aggregate member
ship of 5300, those which on the first of the
current year had more than $1000 in the
treasury are the following: Court Golden
Gate 114,001. Golden West $11.0-17, Seal Rock
$t*62. Washington $4918, Hubertus $4HOS.
Justice $2092, Palo Alto $1998, Magnolia
$1932. Defiance $1858, San Francisco $1733.
Mayflower J1784, America $1694, Sutro
Heights $15«n. Ferrucio $1429, Inter Xos
$1397, Acme Jll2l, Xl Dorado $1107 and
Zenith $1104. The other courts have in
thfir funds amounts varying from $230 to
$9SO.
During the session of the Grand Court
there will be endeavors to the end that
there shall be sin Improvement in the»
Grand Court sick and funeral fund; that
the work of extension be enlarged so as
to in time establish a court of Forestry
in every city, town and village in tho
State; that visitations by grand officers
shall be more frequent, and that head
quarters for the order may be established
in San Francisco, as that now called such
is totally inadequate to the needs of an
order of this magnitude.
J. W. Hushes, Superior Judge of Sacra
mento County, at present grand chief ran
ger, will become the Junior past chief.
He will be succeeded by Hugo K. Asher
of this city, the grand sub-chief ranger.
John Heenan of this city, at present
grand senior woodward, may become the
sub-chief, but he will likely have opposi
tion. Frank Conklin of this city and John
J. Cordy. grand secretary, will each be
re-elected for the term. There is to be
quite a contest for the office of grand re
cording secretary. The candidates who
expect to be elected are Lee Wells of Ala
meda County, H. A. Gabriel of Santa
Clara. J. E. O'Brien of San Francisco and
11. Simon of San Francisco. For senior
woodward, which is the stepping stone to
the highest office of the grand court,
there will be a strong fight between
George D. Goldman, City Clerk of San
Diego, and Dr. W. A. Weldon of -San
Pedro, the present Junior woodward.
Charles Hogg of Santa Clara, who is se
nior bV-adle. will in all probability be
come the Junior woodward, while Max
Grimm of Lodi will probably be advanced
from junior to senior beadle and Warren
M. John of San Luis Obispo will be put
forward for the office of junior beadle.
The prominent candidates for grand trus
tee are E. B. Collins of Chico, J. E.
Barnes of lone, with possibly one from
the southern part of the State.
The following cities want the next
grand court: Los Angeles, Stockton,
Chico and Placerville.
While the grand court is In session the
encampment of the Grand Army of the
Republic will be held In San Luis Obispo
and arrangements as already announced
in The Call have been made to entertain
the representatives of the two grand bod
ies jointly while not engaged in business
for the orders. Warren M. John. P. C R.,
will deliver the address of welcome to
both organizations after Mayor Shipsey
shall have delivered over the keys of the
city to the visitors.
THE twelfth annual session of the
Grand Court, of the Foresters of
America, jurisdiction of California,
will be held m the city of San Luis
Obispo, commencing on the Ist day of
May, and will be continued during the
week. The legislation that may be re
quired for the coming year will be passed
upon by the following grand officers:
Grand Chief Ranger J. W. Hughes of
Sacramento. Grand Subchlef Ranger
K. Ashcr of San Francisco, Grand Treas
urer Frank Conklin of San Francisco,
Grand Secretary John J. Cordy of San
Francisco, Grand Recording Secretary R.
E. Uevan of Marysville, Grand yer.ior
Woodward John lieenan of San Francisco,
Grand Junior Woodward Dr. \V. A. Wei
don of San Pedro, Grand Senior Beadle
Charles Hogg of San Jose. Grand Junior
Headle Max Grimm of Lodi, Grand Trus
tees H. A. Gabriel of Santa Clara, Dr.
George F. Pache of Angel:? Camp and
Kmll Lampe of San Francisco, and dele
gates from 151 courts, representing a mem
oership on the iirst of the current year
of 13.592.
What the order has done In the way of
assisting Jts members since the date of
the institution of the first Grand Court in
lbS9 is shown by tha fact that in that.pe
riod there was paid out in round numbers
for medicine and medical attendance $.1 r .»?,
10rt. for sick benefits $409,700, for funeral
expensos $G9.3f>o, for donations to members
in distress $25,600, an aggregate in ten
years c.f more than three-quarters of a
million of dollars.
The reports to be presented at the Grand
Court session will show that during the
H. K. Asher, Next Grand Chief Ranger; W. M. John, W. 0., and G. D. Goldman, Candidate
for Senior Woodward.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA TO
GO TO SAN LUIS OBISPO
SAID GOOD-BY
AND LEAPED TO
DEATH IN BAY
Unknown Man Commits
Suicide From Ferry-
Boat Oakland.
?
Disappeared at Once Beneath the Sur
face and Nothing More "Was
Seen of Him— His De
scription.
c
OAKLAND. April 28.— "Good-by!" Tit
tering that one word of farewell to a
number of persons standing near him. an
unknown man Jumped from the deck of
the ferry steamer Oakland as she was
opposite Ooat Island on the noon trip
from San Francisco. The steamer was
Instantly stopped and a boat lowered. Ten
minutes were spent In a futile search for
the suicide, but h<» was never seen after
first disappearing beneath the surface.
None of the witnesses of the tragedy
seem to have paid any particular atten
tion to the man prior to his fatal leap
and no detailed description of him could
be ascertained. He -was a man of middle
age and wore dark-colored clothing. The
hat cast on the deck by the suicide Is of
the slouch variety, brown In hue and has
no distinguishing marks.
MAKES STRONG
DEMAND FOR A
PRIMARY VOTE
Third District Republicans
Hear Views of Chair
man Reed.
Congressional Committee's Final Ac
tion Delayed in Response to a Be
quest From Absent Party
Representatives.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 28.
The Third Congressional District Re
publican Committee was in conference to
day upon the question of calling primaries
for the election of delepates to the State
convention at Sacramento, which will
elect delepates to the National Republican
| Convention. The sentiment of the com
j mitte was practically in favor of prlma
j ries. although Solano, Glenn and Lake
| counties' representatives thought appoint
ment •would be preferable in their sections.
I They said, however, that the method
I adopted by the committee would be satis
• factory to their county committees. The
Alameda County members voiced them
selves almost unanimously in favor of
j primaries, and a resolution declaring that
I to be the sense of the committee was pre
'¦ pared, but not voted upon because of a
! request from Republicans attending the
i State Convention of Republican Clubs at
i Los Angeles to defer iinal action until
i next Wednesday.
The request was taken as an Indication
that the wilier of the party in Alameda
County headed by Dr. George C. l'ardee
was desirous of a delay until the return
of Pariiec and Assessor Dal ton from Los
Angeles. The committee, after agreeing
to the postponement, discussed the situa
tion at length. Chairman George W.
Keed made a Hat demand for primaries.
Those present were: Charles Ourner.
Solano County; E. A. Randlttt, Mortimer
Smith, W. w. Morrison, George I). Met
calf, Frank Itarnett and George W. Reed,
Alameda County; O. Pirkey held proxy of
J. S. Hendrick of Glenn County, and
George W. Heed held R. M. Beattie's
proxy from Lake County. Those not rep
resented were: Mark Chamberlain of
Yolo, J. S. Balsford of Coiusa, J. L. Geary
of Contra Costa and A. F. Schweer of
Alameda.
As soon as roll call was completed
Chairman Reed read the dispatch to Con
gressman Metcalf declaring that It was
the latter's desire that the delay be
granted.
Mr. Pirkey of Glenn County expressed
himself in favor of granting the postpone
ment, saying: "I think the pleasure of
Congressman Metcalf and the gentlemen
now In Los Angeles should be considered
In the Interests of harmony. As far as the
outside committeerr.en are concerned. It
makes no difference. The Republicans of
Glenn County will be satisfied with what
action tho committee shall take. In Glenn
County the people favor appointment. Our
county Is largely Democratic, and there
are very f«-*w Republicans to hold prima
ries. There will be n:j contest, and the
people believe that by appointment the
needless expense of a primary would be
avoided."
Commltteeman Durner said the ap
pointive method was favored in Solano
County.
Chairman Reed reported that after tel
ephone communication with Committee
man Geaxy he had found the absent mem
ber from Contra Costa County in favor of
primaries.
Commltteeman Beattie of Lake County
had written that ho favored appointment
of delegates.
Commltteeman Randlett favored prima
ries. Commit teaman Durner suggested
that each county might select its own
method.
Responding to Chairman Reed's invita
tion for expression of opinion from Re
publicans other than committeemen who
were present, W. W. Knickerbocker ot
Alden and George C. Bibcock of Alameda
spoke strongly for primaries.
"But how about the legal aspect?" quer
ried Chairman Reed. "I understand that
In the Kifth District and in Los Angeles
County they have decided to appoint and
that there will be a contest. If thsir del
egates are unseated, would it not aft>ct
those from this district who wore ap
pointed?"
Commltteeman George D. Metcalf.
Judge Emil Nusbaumer and Assemblyman
Joseph Knowland of Alameda ¦were In
favor of primaries.
Chairman Reed, who is a candidate for
national delegate, spoke at length for pri
maries. He said:
"It would eerm to me from a legal
standpoint that this enmmittee has tio
power to refer this matter to a County
Committee. The call of the National Com
mittee declares that we shall decide this
matter. I take It that there might be a
serious legal question raised If we dele
gated our powers to another body. There
Is only one course for this committee to
pursue, it seems to me, and that is to hold
primaries.
"There is no law at present to govern
this primary. It was omitted from the
Stratton primary law perhaps with the
Idea of having the matter decided by the
National Committee. It has been urged
as a substantial reason for appointing the
delegates that this committee has no
funds and that the primaries are going
to cost Fomethlng. but It seems to me that
this difficulty can be surmounted. I would'
not like to vee a contest in the State con
vention. This district needs its entire
voice there."
INQUIRY BOARD
SAYS GUY SMITH
WAS INDISCREET
First Christian Church Will
Pass Judgment on Its
Pastor.
Outcome of the Investigation of His
Conduct at Princeton, Coiusa
County, May Be His
Resignation.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
11IS Broadway, April 2S.
The church board of the r'irst Christian
Church, which has under Investigation the
question ct retaining Rev. Guy Smith as
pajßtor of the church, has practically com
pleted Its labors. Its report will be sub
mitted to-morrow moni'ng to the church.
While utmost secrecy has been maintained
Fince the Inquiry was instituted it has
been ascertained that the committee has
found that the pastor was not guilty of
improper conduct, but was unwise in
come of his actions so far as they related
to his visit to the home of Mrs. Fred Hart
at Princeton, Coiusa County, during the
•nay there of Miss Mary Browning of
Woodland.
The church board wns composed of W.
T. Glbbs (chairman) R. P. Dey. Georpe
C. Uubbard. J. L. Edwards. Charles K.
Lloyd. Craißie Sharps. J. Beattie and H.
Olsen. Judpe E. A. Bridpeford of the
Evangelical Association. Rev. W. H. Her
ry of the Ministerial Association and Rev.
Dr. Elatcn of Berkeley tat with tho board.
The final report of the committee will
he eijs-ried to-morrow morning and will l>e
read to the members of the church after
the morning service.
The members refuse absolutely to make
known the recommendations as to Rev.
Mr. Smith's connection with the church
until after th«> report has been acted upon
by the church members.
A* his relation now stands Mr. Smith
is actinjr as* pastor only from week to
¦week, that arrangement having l.een en
tered ir.tu last February by the board of
trustees. Tho clergyman has not slrt.l
fiod his Intention except to some intimate
friends and the understanding is that he
will shortly tlepart for ;he East.
In its decision the board found that th«»
pastor was justified in securing: a divorce
from his wife on the ground of her in
fidelity. She had made a confession to her
husband, which; with oth» r testimony,
was used as proof of the truth of his com
p'aint. Mrs. Smith testified before the
rJiurrh b".ird that the eharpes of her hus
liand's oorr!;ilnsnt wore true.
The rule of conduct in the Christian
church sire? ih*> church body the final de
< -Ision in inquiries of this character. The
vote of the membership to-morrow In re
lation to the committee's report win be
th^ rr<i so far as the church action will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
WORLD'S RECORD
IS SMASHED BY
A COLLEGIAN
M. Prinstein of Syracuse Uni
versity Sets a New Mark
in the Broad Jump.
Successful Fietd Day Held Under tha
Auspices of the University of
Pennsylvania and Good
. Work Is Done.
PHILADELPHIA, April 28.— One world's
record was shattered and the world's fig
ures for another record were equaled to
day on the Franklin Held during th? sixth
annual relay races under the auspices of
the University of Pennsylvania. The new
world's record was made by M. Prinstein.
the marvelous jumper of Syracuse Uni
versity, who jumped 21 feet 7V4 Inches in
the broad jump. The former record was
held by A. C Kraenzlein of l-enrcsylvania
at 24 feet 44 l /2 Inches. The 100-yard dash
iigures of 0 4-5 seconds, were equaled by
A. J. Duffy of Georgetown University,
who holds the American cnampionship.
To-day's relay race carnival proved to
be x the greatest the University of Penn
sylvania has held since its inception Bix
years ago. The weather was clear and
watm, the track good ana exceptionally
fast, all the events were warmly contested
and thclargest crowa that has ever gath
ered on Franklin field to see relay races
was present. Over 100 of the large col
leges, academies and preparatory schools
in the East were represented in the various
events, and over 450 athletes were entered.
In the broad jump there were only two
contestants— Prinstein and Kraensleln.
The latter, who holds the world's 120-yard
and 220-yard hurdle records, has been ill
for some time and had to give up training
until a few days ago. he only jumped
twice, and the best he could uo was 23
feet ZVz inches. Prinstein took three
leaps, breaking Kraenzlein's record o"h the
jump. He was loudly cheered when the
result was announced.
Duffy, the Georgetown sprinter, ran a
strong race in the 100-yard dash, as is
proved by his equaling the world's record.
He led all the way, while his comrade
from Georgetown, K. C. Minnehan. kept
second position from the start to the fin
ish.
Princeton r.ad no trouble winning the
two-mile relay college champlonshij) from
Pennsylvania. Columbia, the other com
petitor, was never in It aTtt-r the start.
Princeton's time was live saconds faster
than any two-mile relay race ever run on
Franklin field.
The field events did not bring out any
thing startling. Sheldon, formerly of
Yale, won the shot-put and discus events,
Boynton of Cornell captured the hammer
throw, Baxter of Pennsylvania the high
jump and Coleman of Princeton the pole
vault.
Interscholastlc one-mile relay — George School,
Bucks County, Pa., first; St. Lukes School,
Philadelphia, second; Friends' School, Wil
mington. Del., third. Time. 3:W 1-5.
Interscholastic one-mile relay— Ardmoro, Pa.,
High School, first; Radnor High School, sec
ond; Bridgeton, N. J., High School, third.
Time. 2:55.
One-hundred-yard dash, open only to Uni
versity of Pennsylvania athletes — M. Goodman
first, S. Lardner second, P. Elwell third. Time,
0:10 8-5.
Intercollegiate one-mile relay— Johns Hop
kins, Baltimore, first; Villa Nova College,
Pennsylvania, second; St. John's College. Bal
timore, third. Time, 3:3«.
Intercollegiate one-mile relay — University of
Pennsylvania medical derailment, first; Hah
neman Medical College, Philadelphia, second;
Pennsylvania Dental College, Philadelphia,
third. Time, 3:44 1-5.
Shot putting— Sheldon. X. T. A. C. and ex-
Yal«. first: J. C. McCracken. University of
Pennsylvania, second; T. E. Hare. University
of Pennsylvania, third. Distance, 44 feet 11V*
Inches.
Two-mile college relay championship — Prince
ton: H. T. Willis, G. A. Chamberlain. J. M.
Posy, J. F. Cregan. first; University of Penn
sylvania: J. Bushnell, B. Earnshaw, O. Grant,
H. Mechlin?, second: Columbia: S. L. Thurs
ton. A. R. McAnerney, O. M. Vanclse. I. C.
Caldwell. third. Time. S:C3.
Intercollegiate mile relay — Rutger*s College
first. Swarthmore College F»cond, Xew York
University third. Time. 3:34 2-5.
High jump— l. K. Baxter. Pennsylvania, 6
feet, tlrst: R. L. James. Cornell, second; W. C.
(Jarroll. Princeton, third.
220-yard dash, open only to University of
Pennsylvania athletes — J. Francis first. S. J.
Karley second. P. Klwell third. Time. :22 3-5.
Interscholastlc. one mile — Drexel Institute.
Philadelphia (protested), first: Pennlngton (N.
J.) Seminary, cecond; Temple College. Philadel
phia (protested), third. Time. 3:43 4-5.
100 yards (special)— A. J. Duffy. Georgetown,
the American champion, first: E. G. Minnehan.
Georgetown, second; M. Goodman. Pennsylva
nia, third: H. G. Lee. Syracuse, fourth. Only
four starters. Time, 9 4-5 seconds, equaling
world's record.
Pennsylvania intercollegiate mile relay — Buck
nell University first, Dickinson College second,
Carlisle Indians third. Time, 3:33 2-5.
Broad jump— M. Prinstein. Syracuse Univer
sity, Jumped 24 feet 7^4 Inches, breaking the
world's record of 24 feet 4S inches, held by A.
C. Kraenzlein of Pennsylvania; A. C. Kraenz
lein, Pennsylvania. 23 feet 2S inches, second.
Only two contestants.
Pennsylvania interacademlc. one mile relay-
Pennsylvania Charter School, Philadelphia,
first: Mercersburs (Pa.) Academy, second;
ShadyslJe Academy. Pittsburp. third. Time.
3:41 1-5.
Hammer-throw — L. W. Boynton. Cornell. H4
feet "H Inche3. first: J. J. McCracken. Pennsyl
vania, second: T. T. Hare, Pennsylvania, third.
Interschola.'tlc. one mil.' relay — Montclalr (N.
J.) High School, first; Central High School.
Philadelphia, second; Western High School,
Washington. D. C. third. Time. 3:41 4-5.
Intercollegiate, one mile relay — Syracuse Uni
versity first. Columbia second. Dartmouth
third. T|me, 3:27.
Preparatory School, one-mile relay champion
ship — Hill School. Pottstown. first: Horace
Mann School, New York City, second; South
Jersey Institute, third. Time. 3:31 4-5.
One mile, quad college relay championship
fonly three starters)— Chicago: H. B. Slack. S.
11. Lord, M. F. Maloney. W. A. Maloney.
first; Pennsylvania: W. C. Cook. W. C. Smith.
J. C. Westney. G. Drumheller. second; George
town: XV. J. Holland. T. H. Dessz. E. H. MII
llgen, A. C. Kernan, third. Time. 5:23 1-5.
Discus throw— R. Sheldon. N. T. A. C and
ex-Yale. 120 feet 5*4 Inches, first; J. C. Mc-
Cracken, Philadelphia, second; T. T. Hare,
Pennsylvania, third.
Pole vault— A. C. Coleman. Princeton. 10 feet
10 Inches, first: A. C Baxter, Pennsylvania,
and R. Denning. Cornell, tie at 10 feet 5 Inches.
25
LATE HENRY HAVES.California Limited
Santa Pc Route
T2 CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across tho continent.
Connecting Train Leaves Saw Fkanciscos
I P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chlcaco at 2:15
P.n la time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND LeaTes San Francisco at 5:39
FvnnFcc p. m. with Palace and Tourist
* ... 5 cars for Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local train* t>etween Stockton. VALLEY
Fresno, Banford, Visalla, Tnlare nr»An
and Bakersfleld. KUAU
SEC YOU ItS San Francisco office. 623
•fDKrO Market Street, Phone Main
TKI3IU aUUHt IS3I . Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 301 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Boat* Clara Street.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing: April 22. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. '8:30. 9:30. 11:00 a. ra.;
12:45. m VAa. !:15. 4:16. *5:15. 6:15. «:40 pn m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :CO, *t:W>, *9:W. »10:0 O. 11:00. 11: JO
a. m. : 12:45. *l:30. 2:30. *3:15. 6:00, «:00. 7:2J
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•) ran to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:3S. »6:30. 7:50. i:4O. •10:15 a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30. 5:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at "6:43 and 10:20 p. m
SUNDAYS— «:IS. «S:00. »9:50, '11:00 a. m. ; »12:00
m.; 1:00. 2:15. 'Z.Zii. 4:30, »5:45. 6:45, 7:30, 10:20
p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:S3. 6:45. 8:00. 8:55. 10:J0 a.
m.; 11:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:30. 4:50. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 4:3S. 8:05. 10:05, 11:10 a. ra. : 12:15.
1:20. 2:30, 3:45, 4:66. 6:15. 7:05, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIN!
7:00 a. m. week days— Tasadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. weekdays {Saturdays exeepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
MILL VALLET AND MOUNT TAMALPAI3
BCENIC RAlLWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1900. Tla SausalJto Ferry. Week
da>s— Leara San Francisco. 9:10 a. m.. 1:45 p.
m. Sundays— Leave Ban Francisco. S a. tn.,
I a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. tn.. 1:30 p. m.. 2:39
p. m. Tlcktts can be purchased at the Sau-
sallto Ftrry. north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market St.. San Francisco. Fan.
round trip from Saa Francisco, fl 40.
W?Btly Gall $1.00 per Year
TWO= Ea^gpTßAlß
Knickerbocker
Cnprial Noonday
u\) wLIal Train From
( NEW YORK.
QT I OFIIQ tn ) BOSTON,
bl. LUUIb 10 < BUFFALO.
( CINCINNATI.
Via Bifi Four Route and
New York Central Railway,
JVO TUNNEL AT ST. LOUIS.
NO FERRY AT NEW YORK.
STOr AT NIAGARA FALLS.
White City
JpCCicl! From
, CINCINNATI.
C WASriINGTON,
CHICAGO tO < BALTIMORE.
/ PHILADELPHIA,
x NEW YORK.
Via Big Four Route and
Chesapeake & Ohio Railway.
CARLTON C CRANE.
Pacific Coast Agent.
nF^HE past week was one of the most
brilliant of the social season, and
£ probably win be considered the la*t
of the season. Now every one is
looking toward "preen fields and pastures
new." and all the life and gayety of the
social world will have its being at the
fashionable resorts.
Pretty gr'rls and handsome costumes
were in evidence at the final assembly
tr,d perman of the Entre Nous Cotillon,
which closed its tenth season at the Pal
ace Hotel on Friday evening. "The club
has a membership of fifty couples, and
the six permans giren have all been en
joyable affairs and successful in every re
epect. Each fathering has had its indi
vidual share of originality and effective
ness, and the directors in charge during
the past season deserve great credit for
their devotion to the social success and
prosperity of the club. Early next winter
the Entre Nous will re-form for its elev
enth season. On Friday evening six pret
ty and praccful figures were danced, un
der the leadership of Sar.ford G. Lewald
and Miss Irene Metrodorffer. Those in the
leading set were: Misses Belle Herzor.
Gertru<U- Scott. Doris Heuer. Mabel Mc-
Fadden, Carrie Brunner. Kittie Barkhaus,
May Nolan. Lillian Lubben. Linda Priber.
Kate Pyir.gton, May McDonald. Adelaide
Samuels. Eisa Priber. Kate Games and
I>r. and Mrs. Frank L. Platt; Messrs.
Frank C Sykes. Dr. J. D. Mlllikin. Vin
cent O'Neil. Fred W. Burgers, Charles
Fli kett. Dr. William C. Hopper. Arthur
Muessdorffer. Dr. Edward Keeffe. Philip
Heuer. Walter H. Rtflrinson. D. T. Berry.
Alphonse Putter. S. Howard Smith. Byian
I». Bent. W. L. Muf ssdorffer. Herman H.
Herzer and James T. Ludlow.
They're Engaged
The engagement has been announced of
Miss May Lowell, niece of Colonel Frank
W. Sumner. and John E. Medau. son of
the late Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Medau. The
young couple are well known in this city,
where they have a host of friends. Miss
Jxiwell is highly accomplished and owing
to her charming manner is a preat favor
ite in society. Mr. Medau is connected
with the firm of Baker & Hamilton, and
5s popular In business and social circles.
No date has been set for the wedding, but
it will probably take place during the
summer months.
Mrs. C. Siiverstone announces the en
gagement of h>-r daughter. Miss Lizzie, to
Leon Siess of Minneapolis, Minn.
Weddiog Bells
A quiet wedding took place at St. Pat
rick's Church on Wednesday evening, the
l*th inst., the contracting parties being
Miss Clara Mac Mullen, daughter of
Thomas F. Mullen, and Charles L.
O'Brien, late of Honolulu. The ceremony
was performed at St. Patricks Church
by the Rev. Father Barry. Miss Mary
Daley, cousin of the bride, acted as maid
of honor, while John Costello officiated
as best man. After the wedding Mr. and
Mrs. O'Brien left for Monterey.
Dr. W. Bruce Ffolkes. A. A. surgeon.
V. S. A., formerly of this city and later
health officer of the Port of Manila, was
married early in April at Sydney, Aus
tralia, to Miss Jeanette Smith, daughter
of Mrs. Coirr.an Smith of Sydney.
Beatrice E. Simi and George E. Stiles
were married Thursday night at St. Pe
t» re Episcopal Church by Rev. Dr. W. M.
Hours. The bride is the daughter of P.
Simi. a prominent wine merchant of
Healdsburg. The groom is the cashier of
the Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Com
pany of. this city. Fn-d Krone was best
man. and Miss Edna. Sham. attended the
bride. After the ceremony a sumptuous
bar.quet was given at a downtown hotel.
The your.g couple left for a tour of the
south on Friday night. They will be at
home at 102S Greenwich street late In
June.
William S. Vagg of Oakland and Ger
trude S. Mair.warirjg of Monterey were
quietly marrit-d at the residence of the
bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. David Rod
rick of Monterey. Thursday, the 10th inst..
at 9 a. m. The or-rtmony was preformed
by Rev. L. W. Krahl of Pacific Grove.
Mr. and Mrs. Vagg left on the 11:30 train
for a short trip, after which they will go
to their home in Oakland. They will be
at home to their friends after May 1 at
J'j3o Fifty-third street. Oakland.
One of the prettiest of the post-Lenten
•weddings took place in St. Mary's Cathe
dral Tuesday evening. April 24. when 11.
J. Collins and Katie Sweeney were united
in marriage by Rev. Fathr-r Prendergast,
Vicar-General of the arch-dU>cese of San
Francisco. The bride was attended by
Nora Dwyer and the groom by Thomas
Hourihan. After the ceremony a recep
tion was tendered the happy couple at the
home of the bride's aunt. Miss Margaret
Hogan. After a sojourn in the southern
part of the State Mr. and Mrs. Collins
will reside In this city.
Home Gatherings
A very successful farewell surprise
party was tendered to Miss Alice Condon
en the eve of her departure for an ex
tended tour at the residence of her pa
rents, 755 Harrison street, on Friday even
ing. April 20, by the junior class of the
Sacred Heart Presentation Convent. The
committee having charge of the arrange
ments of the affair consisted of the Misses
Carrie Lc-dden, Hazel Brennan, Mary
Nash. Mary Guerln, Helen Goyhenix and
Marguerite Keenan. The evening was
passed in the rendition of aji impromptu
prGgTamme of unusual merit. After a de-
Reunion of Parishioners.
The parishioners of St. Francis Church
will hold a reunion and picnic on May
day In Shell Mound Park. The commit
tee having the affair in charge is as fol
lows: A. Connich (chairman), P. F.
Quirk (secretary), P. Connors, P. A.
Buckley, C. Nlcholes, E. J. Ryan, D. J.
Hennessey. J. McFadden W Antonlvich,
J. Campodonico, B. Dowd. Mrs. Mckles.
Mrs Stevenot, Miss Dowling. Miss Mc-
Givney, Miss Foley, Mrs. Green, Miss
Mullin, Mrs. Bardet, Miss M. Gleason,
Miss Casey and Miss K. Fitzstmmons. ,
lightful supper, dancing was Indulged In
until a late hour. Among those present
were: Tho Misses Edith Stukes. Gertie
Townley. Minnie Budd. Nellie Van Kne
rin. Francos lvcs. Kate Sullivan. Annie
Sullivan. Marcella McCarthy, Emma Har
1«>, Nettie Haulton. Lottie UrockofT. Nel
lie Rcllly. Alice O'Brien. Julia Cummings.
Henrietta K<atlng. Irrne Wichman, Fan
nie Brady. Charlotte Sullivan. Mary Mc-
Carthy. Bertha Brandt. Eva Pincus Ame
lia Le«lden. Rose Condon, Alice Condon
and Ethel Robertson: Messrs. Jack Rob
ertson. James W. Hnrr.e, George Clayton,
George Gladwin.! Elmer Freed. George
Drummond. Louis Kraker, M. D.. Norman
Jones. Clifford Morris, Ralph Cook. Ar
thur Townley. Walter Brennan, Harry
Geary. Pct< r Kavanagh. Jerry Sullivan.
Frank Becker. William Kune. Wallace
Meyer John Goyhenix. Louis Issac.
Thomas? Evans. Hugh Garrity. R. W. Con
don. Ueorge Condon. William Brennan,
Thomas Geary, John Ledden, William
Ledden, Joseph Ledden. Joseph Madden.
Eddie Hause, Harry Overington. William
Canavan: William Condon and Charles
Friend; Mr. and Mrs. Coffey, Mr. and
Mrs. John D. Condon, Mr. and Mrs. John
D. Condon Jr. and Mrs. Sullivan.
A veiy enjoyable surprise party was
given t"i Charles Simmons at his resi
dence, 245 Eleventh street, on Saturday
evening. April 21. Games were ' played,
Rfter which refreshments were served.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs.
Simmons Mr. and Mrs. Orack. Rose Sim
mons. Mattie Kohn. Miss Douglass, Jean
ette Kohn. Gertrude Mehrtens. Rose
Orack, Florence Levy. Pearl Grahm. Ju
lia Orack. Edith Knox. Oiga de Curtoni,
Mamie Roener, Lulu Burkardt, ¦ George
Satorious. Henry Levy, Joe Forrine, Ed
Simmons. Ed Johnston, Isador Simmons.
Julius Verdier. Charles Simmons. Ben
Levy, Emile McCartney, Gilbert Shearer,
George Zaro.
A pleasant surprise party was tendered
Miss Kffie Nidever by Miss Emma Estes,
on Saturday evening, April 21, at the
home of her parents, 314 Third street.
Among those present were: Miss Erne
Nidever. Miss May Jameson. Miss Emma
E^tes. Miss Myrtle Jameson, Miss May
Grant. Miss Ethel Harrlgan. Miss Annie
Conroy. Miss Grace Collison. Miss Frankle
Conroy. Mr. and Mrs. Strock, Mr. and
Mrs. Clifford. Mr. an.l Mrs. Weymouth,
Mrs. Alice Kelly, George Roach. Ed Es
tos. Jim Lucas, Wallace Nidever, Rich
ard Condon. Mr. Price. George Svetrlch,
Roy Ross. Ed Lucett, George Ushold,
Will Hutchinson. Ben de Spain, John Cox.
Claude Conilson, Bill Green, Mr. Ford,
Mr. Gable and 11. Thurber.
Club Parties.
The San Mateo Fortnightly held Its last
meeting of the season April 19 at the resi
dence of George W. Dickie. The pro
gramme began with a vocal solo by A. L.
Hall. Mr. Dickie introduced the theme of
the evening. "The Work of Women In
Social Progress." Miss Bonnie Waggoner
followed with a recital, "The Red Fan,"
and gave an amusing number as an en
core. C M. Morse road a short paper on
the evening's subject and a poem by the
wife of Professor Markham. the author of
"The Man With the Hoe. f Mrs. D. F.
Walker sang "A May Morning" and "The
Last Rose of Summer." Mrs. H. E.
Hlphton and Miss Sisson made addresses
concerning the work of the Women's Ex
change of San Francisco and the univer
sity settlement work in San b rancisco
and elsewhere. The meeting closed with a
musical number from Handel. "Tne Lar
go " by Mrs. J. H. Doane, pianist, assisted
by S. "a. Maclure at the organ.
"On Tuesday evening April 17, the
Sterling Club tendered a banquet to Ben
J Miller prior to his departure to accept
a responsible position at Cape Nome. Tlic
affnir took place at a downtown restau
rant. The banquet hall was beautifully
decorated for the occasion, and merry
making was indulged In till midnight.
Toasts were responded to by J. J. Rielly,
I ieutenant W. M. Gill and Senaior Lynch.
T J. Horan acted as toastmastcr. The
following members of the club were pres
ent- T. J. Horan. Lieutenant iUiani M.
Gill J. A Colleton. William Hayes, Sen
ator Lynch, William Li.ndie. Alex Mc,-
Curte Thomas Ken. George Finnigan. Jo
seph Derby, Frank Williams. J. Grant
and J Relfly.
A most enjoyable entertainment was
given by the Red Caps at St. John's Guild
Hall Friday evening under the manage
ment of Captain O. Wilson and Mrs. L.
C Sanford. The following programme was
rendered: Song. Red Cap Drill; banjo
solo Miss Ruth Bockious; tableau, the
three graces. Faith, Hope and Charity;
coon pong Lucius Newell; piano solo. Miss
Florence Holt; coon song, William Potts;
recitation Miss Kennedy: vocal solo. Miss
Giovanette. with violin accompaniment by
Mr Dumont; piano duet, Miss Lang
etadtei- and Mrs. Gardner; vocal solo, Mr.
Wilkins: dance. Miss Eunice Miller and
Miss Dudley: pantomime. "Who's That
Tapping at the Garden Gate"; remarks,
Mr. Sanford.
;
In the Future
The Fleur-de-Lls will hold Its third so
cial dance Tuesday evening. May 1, In So
cial Hall. Foresters' building.
The Astorias will give their closing party
of the season at Union-square Hall, Tues
day evening. May 1.
On Thursday evening. May 10. the Sine
Cura Club will give its seventh hop at
Hinman's Hall. Howard and Twenty-first
streets. The invitations are out. but on
account of the great demand they will be
limited to those who have been hereto
fore favored.
Mrs Matthew Powers announces the en
gagement of her daughter. Miss Mary
\pnes Powers, to George Alfred Bates of
Detroit. The wedding will take place In
the near future.
The Columbia Dramatic Club will give
an entertainment and social In Mission
Opera Hall, on the evening of May 2. the
proceeds of which will be devoted to the
Angels' Sodality booth, St. Paul's ba
zaar In addition to a musical prgramme
a comedy In one act, by K. McLeod, en
titled "Tactics," will be presented.
Sailed Away.
The following Callfornians Balled for
Europe -en the Hamburg-American line
steajner Belgravia from New York April
24.: H. Braunschwelger, Theo Dierks,
Mrs. Theo Dlerks. Theodore Dierks Jr.,
Miss Olga Dierks. Miss Erma Dierks,
Mrs Dr. Frederick Westerberg. Master
Joshua Westerberg. Mrs. L. Strandberg.
Master Charles Strandberg. Mrs. E. M.
Grimes. Master E. T. Grimes. Miss Gert
rude Macfarlane, Mrs. William Schoening,
Miss Adele Schonening, Master Ernst
Schoening. Herman Strauss, Lewis Mor
ris Mrs Julia Lafrenz, Master Adolph
Lafrenz. Master Willie Lafrenz, Rev.
A Krause. Mrs. A. Krause and three
children, Mrs. Sophie Miller and William
Weimar.
On the Hamburg-American Line steamer
Palatia, April 28: Mme. C. Lanfranchl,
Mr 3 A. Lagarde, Ernst W. Kaufman,
Miss Emma May Kaufman, Miss Minnie
Sorge. Mr. and Mrs. J. Slevert, Miss Clara
Si-vert. Miss Olga Slevert. Andreas Siev
ert. G. Knappe, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Jens,
Miss Annie Jen?. Master U. Hiram Jens,
Miss Bertha Mohrdleck. John Helg, Miss
F J. Hlnrichs, L. H. Zimmerman, Maxi
milian Herzog, Mrs. Maximilian Herzog,
Mrs. Tillie Lichtensteln, C. A. Noble, Miss
E. c. Peters, Mrs. Sophie Meyer. Miss
Auguste Harrenberg. Airs. O. Cochlus, F.
Micheelsen, Mrs. F. Micheelsen. Joseph
Dobke. Mrs. A. B. Palmer, Master Paul
Palmer, Ingwer H. Peters, Miss Fannie
Seel Ig, Paul Hoefllch.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Platz and youngest
daughter Clella of 263 X Pine street sailed
on April 21 for Europe, after spending sev
eral weeks In New York. They will prob
ably be gone a year.
Mrs. Sam Davis has given up her apart
ments at CO5 O'Farrell street and taken a
cottage at 1205 Pacific avenue, Alameda
(Bay station). At home fourth. Tuesdays.
Mrs. I. Magnln has removed to her new
residence, 1452 Page street, corner of Ma
sonic avenue, and will be at home every
first Wednesday in the month.
Mrs. Stephen 8. Rau has removed to her
new residence, 1482 Page street, corner of
Masonic avenue, and will be pleased to
pee her friends every first Wednesday In
the month.
Dr Josef t Man son of 917 Van Ness
avenue has returned from a trip to the
Eastern hospitals.
Captain L. G. Emerson, a well known
ship master of this port, left for his home
in Maine on Thursday, after spending six
months In this city.
Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Friedman will re
ceive their friends Sunday, April 29. and
Wednesday, May 2. at 1343 Pierce street.
Attorney L. C. Flstolesl and wife hay«
returned from their northern trip and
have gone to Orovllle, Mr. Plstolesi being
a delegate to the Grand Parlor, N. S.
a. \v.
Miss Ella V. McCloskey, accompanied
by her brother and sister, will Bpend the
next four months at Larkspur.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Kapp have re«
turned from their three weeks' stay at
Byron Springs.
Dr. and Mrs: C. E. Cooper- left yester
day for an eight months' European trip.
iJr. Cooper will attend the International
Medical Congress' at Paris.
Ex-Consul J. Simpson and family have
returned to San Francisco after a two
weeks* pleasant stay at Gllroy Hot
Springs.
Mrs. C. A. Owynn has returned to the
city after a pleasant stay at Gllroy Hot
Springs.
Henry Wihlein. president of the Schlitz
Brewing Company, Milwaukee, Wls., and
Mrs. Wlhleln will spend a short time at
Gllroy Hot Sprir.es.
Mr. and Mrs. Morton Llndley and Miss
Josephine Davis of San Francisco left
Saturday morning for Castle Crag.
Miss Celia E. McDermott and Miss Win
ifred V. Rowlands have returned to the
city after several days' sojourn in Liver
more Valley, where they were the guests
of Mrs. T. Owens.
Comedian L. R. Stock well, Mls9 Nevada
Heffron and Miss Mary Scott of the "In
Paradise" company, while In Helena.
Mont., were entertained by Governor and
Mrs. Smith and other well-known society
people on several occasions.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Nathan and daughter
leave to-morrow for the East and Europe.
Mrs. William D. Shea of New York Is
here on a visit to her mother, Mrs. B.
Hahne, at 1324 California street.
Oscar L. Fest, scenic artist of the Tiv
oll Opera-house, with Mrs. Fest and their
two daughters, Lennie and Mattie, will
leave early next week for an extended
tour of the southern part of the State,
taking In the Catallna Islands and Mex
ico. They will be gone two months.
At the Resorts.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS—The season at
Highland Springs has opened up earlier !
than usual, and there are some forty '•
guests at the hotel. Among the golf en
thusiasts who dally frequent the new
links may be seen Dr. F. W. Skaife and
K. O. Steers of San Francisco; Miss Lou
Stephens. Mrs. W. B. Hopkins, Miss Sue
Gordon, Misses Marie and Cecil Sorbier of
Woodland, Miss A. I). Ames, Miss I. Q.
Hunter of San Francisco. J. Craig Is rap
idly recovering from a severe attack of
pneumonia. Among recent arrivals are:
E. J. French, Mrs. M. H. Wardwell, E. P.
Fish. J. F. Foster, Dr. C W. Hibbard and
wife, J. Hanson, H. H. Elliott, J. Oliver,
L. P. Bolander and son, Mrs. W. C. Rob
inson, F. Pascrt, C. C. Sculp, F. M. Moore,
Miss A. D. Huner, E. C. Ewell and wife,
Dr. F. W. Skaife, Dr. K. O. Steers, C.
Buck, C. A. Hallowall, Mme. L. A. Sor
bier, Misses Marie and Cecile Sorbier, <;.
E. Buckner, P. H. Lacy and wife, B. Con
way and Earl Kelr, all from San Fran-
Cisco.
SKAGGS HOT SPRINGS-The follow
ing guests are registered at Skaggs Hot
Springs, Sonoma Countyr T. P. Smith, L.
N. Kercheval, Mr. and Mrs. Robert F.
Marcum, George W. Richardson, D. J.
McKay, W. J. Tiffany, Chester Skaggs,
Val R. Burry, J. A. Buck, J. A. Buck Jr.,
Walter E. Buck, Rev. V. G. Martin, Dr.
T. D. Mahr. Mr. and Mrs. F. Marriott, E.
B. Blood, A. Irvine. Mr. and Mr6\ M. H.
Glrondln, Mr. and Mrs. Percy J. Young.
Mr. and Mrs. Archie A. Tlsdall, Mr. and
Mrs. C. W. Hibbard, Mrs. J. O. Rountrec,
Harold Rountree, Edwin C. Ewell, John
Struven and family. J. P. Thorn, C. W.
Kenitzer, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Schroth,
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Young, Rev. William
P. Kirby. Henri Omli, M. Gets, Mrs. A.
Lux, Miss Selma Lux, Frank A. Lux, Gus
Ferguson, H. H. Elliott, W. N. Wieboldt.
Dr. C. F. Howe and wife. San Francisco;
Miss Meta Neilson, Miss May Nellson,
Oakland; S. H. Goldstein, Dr. J. R. Pow
ell. J. \V. Seawell and wife, W. W.
Skaggs, H. W. Peck, Miss Lon Seawell,
Miss Lulu A. Mulgrew, Vernon Goodwin,
Ernest L. Finlcy, Healdcburg; Mrs.
Helmke, George Helmke, John McLen
non, Blocksburg; R. Hopper, Yell Nobles,
W. Ornbaun, Lee Nobles, H. Nobles, Dr.
Hastings, San Diego; J. D. Wllkerson,
Texas; W. P. Powers, Chicago.
PARAISO—The following guests reg
istered at ParaißO during the past
week: Colonel Duboce and wife,
William Hall, R. R. Richie, James
Lannan, L. R. Ellert. Mrs. L. M.
Johnson, A. M. Johnson, Mrs. McDurmett,
Mrs. Fahrbach, child and maid, San Fran
cisco: Miss Flint. A. B. Smith, E. J. Mar
tin, Oakland; W. S. Joy, J. M. Taylor,
E. P. Johnson. Alameda; Thomas Will
iamson, Spreckels: C. R. King, J. A. Cot
tie, Miss C. F. Wagner, A. C. Anderson,
San Jose: M. K. Keokokalela, Honolulu;
J. E. Toague, Salinas; A. B. Cole and wife,
E. J. Brown, P. L. Benton, R. J. Camp
bell Berkeley; Mrs. E. L. Williams and
child. James G. Bailey, E. C. Godfrey,
Los Angeles.
GILROY SPRINGS—The following
guests registered here during the
past week: Olen Owen, John Thom
son Grant S. Pyle, James Roche,
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin C. Ewell. Jay Scott,
William E. Cunningham. Captain A.
Nlcolsen. wife and child. San Francisco;
Henry Wihlein and wife. Miss J. Wolfrom,
Mips L. Swan, Haldo Rohurt and wife,
Milwaukee; G. Pedemonte, E. Vaccarlggo,
C. Pollard. G. Dowdy, Gllroy; Anton P.
Petersen, San Ramon; Hans Nelson, Dan
ville.
Los Angeles.
Rev. Bishop Montgomery, who will
shortly leave for a visit In the East, was
the guest of honor at a dinner given by
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Scott at their home
on East Thirty-sixth street. Covers were
laid for the following: Hon. Stephen M.
White. Judge H. C. Dillon, Hon. R. F.
Del Valle, I. B. Dockweller, John F. Fran
cis and Z. Montgomery.
Mr. and Mrs. O. W. Childs entertained
at dinner on Monday evening at their
home on Hoover . street. The following
were present: Ex-Senator and Mrs.
Stephen M. White, Admiral and Mrs.
Bradley and Miss Morrison of San Jose.
Mr. a*nd Mrs. Secondo Guastl entertained
at dinner on Monday evening at their
home on East Third street. Mr. and Mrs.
William Hunt were the guests of honor
and other guests were: Mr. and Mrs. H.
F. Vollmer, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Cham
bers Mr. and Mrs. Marlon "Welsh, Miss
Sue Johnson, Miss Aurella Amlllo, J. Fon
tana and J. W. Nelson of San Francisco.
The Midwinter Cotillon Club gave the
last of its very successful series of danc
ing parties at Kramer's Hall on Tuesday
evening. Several hundred persona were
present.
Following Is the list of the club mem
bers: Messrs. R. L. Horton, F. A. Hlnen,
Dr. Robert Day. Arthur Bralay, Dr. J. T.
Coffey. Robert Carhart. Warren Carhart,
Addison Day, Ralph Day. J. Griffith. Fred
Griffith. J. J. Fay, Charles Henderson,
Fred Henderson, Horace Henderson, Cap-
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
Dlt and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
bulldlntr. 11*0 Market »t., cor. Taylor, rooms
28-28. with the electric needle without pain or
scar. Permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p. m.
The rreatest skin food and tissue builder.
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM
Removes wrinkles -by m&kln* the skin firm.
It renders the skin soft, -
emoolh. clear, white and Vss»TS>'k. "
youthful. It is a liquid. iSft3kk»fcl>
Any cream of the con- ,a€S£**B|fgfe
slFt<-ncy of butter will 4^£tfjTi™
stimulate the rrowth of /tfSEyJJfcNttW l
hzilr on the face. Brah- .'ACr "iy WKpS'
man Toilet Cream Is Yf]£ _j. T^SSut
cuarrntred not to do no. X£\ "lUkSBHL
Price 5Ck-. Brahman Tooth «i?V *5S»^.
Powder 10c. All drurel*ts .»77v*!J%(V*eSp ?t
and at office of A. W . L r\H:*M*iX& ]J*
TRAVERSE, M. D. r _- T rl
SAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
Stsamar "Montioclla."
MON.. Tues., Wed.. Thurs. arid Sat., at S:«
a. m.; 8:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays," 10:30 a. m., &
p. m. Landing and office. .Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FAKE .? 50c
10MFAQNI3 C£NESALETSANBATL«HTIQ.C£
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRBrPARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of *TTj*Xp»
Saturday, from November 2, 1899. at •„*»•
10 a. -m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot or
Morton St.. LA BRETAONK. May 3; LA
CHAMPAGNE, May 10; LA GASCOGNE, May
17: L'AQUITAINE. May 24. First-class to
Havre, JCO and upward; S per cent reduction on
round trip. Second claJis to Havre, $43: 5 per
tent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AOENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA; 83 Broadway (Hudson building), New
Tork. J. F. FUGAZI 4 CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
frfc. Steamers leave Broadway
Ba>» wharf, Pan Francisco:
VV^L^lk. I ' or Alaskan ports— lo a. m.,
|*3)«rJJO!H(k May 1. Chance to company's
rkSkßCTifraH s^"""i«rs at Seattle.
fe*ffws£W^\i For Victoria. Vancouver. <H.
BH»Z}rt(««M C), Port Townsend, Se;lUl».
f^^VEatSgA Tacoma. Everett, Anacortrs
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
10 a. m.. May 1 and every
fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle to this
company's steamers for Alaska and O. N. P.y. :
at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— lo a. m.-, April
29, May 4 and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme... San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. April 29. May 4 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port Lo«
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) — 11 a. m..
April 27, May 1 and every fourth day there-
after.
For Ensenada, MagdaJena Bay, Ban Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. tn.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserve* the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
w l»». <-t nrevlotlf" notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
QOODALL, PERKINB A CO., Q*n. AgenU,
10 Market at.. San Fr&nclao.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
Will Dispatch From
BAN FRANCTSCO Direct for
The Well-Known ALASKA FL.TEH,
Si S. HUMBOLDT,
failing WEDNESDAY ¦ • May 39.
ELEGANT Si S. ZFALANDIA
(1000 tons burden).
First sailing (capacity engaged) May 21st
Second catling (approx.)... June 25th
S. S. AtORNING ST/IR,
Balllne (capacity engaged). May 24th.
Throutch nervlc* for Dawson and all Yukon
River point*.
For pannage and freight rates apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
General Offices, 139 POST STREET.
OPEN
SAN FRANCISCO
TO
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe kailway System begs to
announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to
Chicago— 2sso miles.
It Is the only railway which owns and controls its track from
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan.
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and It
hopes to receive a generous proportion of the public patronage
May Ist freight will be handled regularly to and from the East
and all points In the San Joaquin Vatley and Southern California.
Freight Depot: Corner Spear and Harrison Streets.
The date for Inaugurating passenger train service will be
announced later.
JOHN J. BYRNE, EDWADD CHAMBERS,
General Passenger £gent, General Freight Agent,
Lines west of Albuquerque.
W. A. BISSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe System.
BAXLROAU TRAVEL.
RAILRQAD TRAVEL.
Girls Do Charitable Work.
The San Francisco Nursery for Home
less Children will derive a neat sum from
a bazaar and entertainment held last
nipht at the "Walters residence, 3028
Washington street, by the "Haymak
ers." Th« organization is composed of
the following young ladles: Anita Rose.
Grace Taylor. Carrie McLean. Leslie Car
ter, Edna Osborn, Edna de Wolff, Daisy
Walters and Ottle Glfleland.
Czarina.
A ladies' shoe made of the very best
Vie! kid, hand-turned, known for their
style, elegance, ease .and service, called
Czarina, worth $3 80, can be had for 52 50
a pair, and as a special Introduction of
this elegant shoe 500 pairs will be sold on
Wednesday only for $1 50 a pair. See tne
window display of the Czarina at : the Bee
Hive Shoe Co.'s, 717 Market street, near
Third.
AMUSEMENTS.
-i-i-i-i 1 ¦!' n 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i-i"i"i-H-8-H-»8"W-i"i"» -^ 1 m-i-m:: : :~h~h~i~: c
Vl 1 1 "1 A riitLlU t
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
JUST RECEIVED! J
Latest Novelties in
FOULARD SILKS!!
Elegant and Exclusive Designs,
7Sc* $1.00 and $1.25 per yard. %
....FANNE VELVETS.... t
200 PIECES COLORED TAFFETA LINING SILKS. |
. Special salei I
3000 yards Striped, Piaid and Fancy Silks, reduced from f
$1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 to 75c to close £
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED. I£
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
SE. Corner Goary and Stockton Streets, San Francisco. -;«
UNION SQUARE.
¦¦¦; I 1 I 1 I I 1 I 1 T " " " ' -M-t-i-H-H-H 1 HI"
tain J. J. Meyler. Lieutenant R.A. Miner.
Cosmo Morgan, J. W. A. Off. E. T. St' lll^
spn George Steckel, T. A. Stlmpson. A. J.
Waters, Will Wolters. J. H. Norton.
W. Myrick, Godfrey Holterhoff, ,^ a " er
Chanslor. J. Chanslor. E. H. Bagby, _Dr.
D. J. Frick. W; W. Lovett, Robert B«* a "'
Percy Schumacher, Sam Baskins. W. W.
Stephens. J. G. Mott. W. S. Newha U, Dr.
J. M. McGarry, E, O. McLaugnlln, J.
Llewellyn. K. C. Klokke. Charles Chans
lor. Douplas Burdette, F. F. Blake, Rich
ard Bundrem, Arthur Bumiller, G. G. Ed
wards, Fred Forrester, Jack Foster. oa>
Lewis, Harry Tufts, Edward Tufts, Don
yon Neumeyer. Bert Williams. A. A. Stev
ens. F. Shoemaker, C. A. Miller. Fred
Johnson, P. H. Lyon, F. E. Enpstrom.
Carroll Allen. Russ Avery, G. A. Baldwin,
W. S. Burnett, W. R. Burke, L. C. Brand,
W. Barker. W. Chapman. J. Carson/yes
ley Clarke, Earl Cornon, J. E. Cook, J. M.
Elliot, A. K. Fraser, Allen Hancock, W.
G. Hutchinson, R. h. Howell. ,W. H.
Holliday, Oscar Lawler, C. N. Hacllow, A.
P. Mprland. Lloyd Mach. E. K. Monk. C.
W. Newmark, W. S. Porter, Joseph Sor
tort. Ross Smith. Phil Wilson, W. K. R.
Viel. Charles Seyler. L. D. Sale, T. J.
O Hara, G. Perkins, T. Ruthven and Fow-r
ler Shankland.
Andy McCarthy of San Francisco ar
rived In the city Monday from the north.
H. Rosenfeld of San Francisco, accom
panied by his wife, is a guest of the Hotel
Van Nuys. >
Colonel T. A. Lewla has i?one East to
visit his old home in Louisville, Ky. He
expects to be cone about six weeks.
Mrs. E. R. Neidlj? has returned from a
visit to friends In San Bernardino.
Rev. George T. Dowling has gone East
on a business trip.
Dr. H. Bert Ellis has returned from San
Francisco.
Judge Carroll Cook of San Francisco
was a g uest in the city durinp the week.
Dr. M. L. Moore has gone to North
Bend. Ind.-. where he was called by the
sprlous Illness of his father.
Nathan Cole Jr. ha» gone to Chicago on
a business trip. He expects to remain
about a month.
United States Marshal 11. Z. ¦ Osborne
has returned from a business trip to San
Francisco.
Dr. H. E. Fellows, who has been spend
ing several days In our city, has returned
to San Francisco.
Mrs. A. F. M. Strong has returned from
an extended visit in the East.
Captain and Mrs. Charles J. Bell left on
Saturday for the East. They will leave
early in May for Europe, where they ex
pect to spend several months in travel.
Mrs. William Wlncup has returned to
her home in this city after a visit In the
East.
Mr. and Mrs. E. M. Coleman of East
Fifth S tre e t have as their jgifjg Mr. and
»1» 1 £ rn «fig tt AKS?r *•> draraatlc
luncheon on Monday in honor of Mrs. U
St Mr JOh a n n<f gfe^.SS^ have g one
Watson Toung of I the LO9
Angeles School of Dramatic Art ga% c an
excellent address on "CharacMr^BuMnß
and Voice Culture" before 1 the current
events section of the Wednesday Morn
Ing Club on Monday afternoon.
THE SAN FKAJNUISUO CALL, SUJsDAY, APRIJ^ «*>> IOKfKU
IBARGAINS^^i
£X*? * Second-hand, in good H
M order, every instrument i
guaranteed. U
; Chickering Square, . $508
Hallet& Davis " . 75 1
Emerson " • j ooh
I Chickering " • 125 1
Stein way " . I s°i
Bucher Upright, 50 1
VVoodwprth • " icxjH
Ricca " 1 50 a
Arlington " 175 H
Newby & Evans " 185 1
Opera " I 9O[
Byron Hauzy |
308-310312 Post St. b
Setamer ft Co., Byron Maury Pianos H
RAILEOAD TRAVEL.
¦•iiTiiKR!! rAcirm cojimst.
(FACINO STNTKM.)
Trains l«»i»»r iiml nrr «tn« li> arrive nt
WAN KU 4 \ «!*««».
(Main Line. Foot of Market SUeet)
LBAVB — ?SOX APRIL 13, 1900. — AltKlva
•7:00* Benicia, Sulsao, Elmln. VacariUe,
Bumsey »nti Hacramento *7:4"S*
•7iooa ShMta Express- Datia, Willows,
Bed Blufl. Portland *7:45r>
•7i3»a Maxtinez. *»" Ramon. Vallejo. Napa,
CalisV'g* »ml .Santa Ron *atl»p
•S:3oa The O*e;Uml IJ ml ted— Ogden, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago *3i!3r
•liUOi Sa» .loar. LiTermore, Stockton,
lone Sacramento. Placertlile.
Marystilltr. Chlco, ltad ItlulT M:ISp
•S:3O« •Milton, Oakilale.Sonora. Carters... MilSp
•0:00* Howards. Nlicsaud Wai Stations. •11:13*
•O:ou* Dark, Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarTiTllle, Orotillo.. •7:I»F
• 9:OOa Atlantic Kxpress— Ogden and Ka«l '1»:I3*
•0:OOa Martlunx. Tracy. Latlirop, Btoclctou,
Mcrci-claod lfre«i>« •la-.l.Tr
•»!«•«» Port Costa, Kr »uo. .Mujaio and l.vi
Anxel-R »e:l.lp
•I«:OOa Vallfjo. Marthie* and Way Stations *B:4r>r-
•ll:«t»A XUes, Lberraore, Stocktou. Hscrv
mento, Mendota. Uauford, VUalla,
Porterfllle 'IjlTp
•1 3:Ottn Haywards. Nlles and Way Stations. *a:4"> P
tl:OOp Sacramento l!l»er Hte«mer« tH:«u>.
¦3:OQp ii t nytrarU. Nlles and Way Stations. •»*ta .-
•4:i»(»r Mtrtiii.-*, H»it lUiaoi.. Vallejo,
Napa. C«]l»tiig«. HauU Kosa *":• ">•
•liOOr Bi-uicia, VacavUl*. Maora»ieiito,
Wouilland, KnlghU landing,
MarysTille. Orofllle Ml>:4:j»
•••.iSOr Nllea, SauJoaeand Stockton »7:l.jp
•SiOOpThn Owl limited— Tracy. Fresno.
BakantleUi. t<au«us (or dauta Bar-
bara. Los Anfeles., •l<»:15»
•StSOr Stockton. M«vce<l, KresDO •!»•»»
•3<3»r Frosiio.ir.akersfleia. Santa liirt »r».
Los Angeles, I><vuii>*. El Fuo.
New Orlraus and F.ast •»:«:»»
•3iSOpHanU ?• ICmite— AtUullo Express
for Mojaf •. aii<l KaH **l:l5p
•6:oo r lUyir>[.!«. Nllea and Hau Josa "71-i**
• «i::ntr Vallrjo ">»:ISp
•tftitor Oriental Mall— "Ogilen. Cheyenna.
Omaha. Chicago ••*•»* *
*«:30r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver.
Omaha. Chicago M:l.V'
«»••' Vallrjo, Port Co«ta and Way Sta-
tions. J»iS»p
• Bi*sr Oregon and Califernla, Ki|>t«u. Mao-
namla Marsavlttai Rwfcltnft
PortUi..l. I'Mll-t H 1 ami l:««t •WllSt
COAST IHfl^lO* (Harrow «a«g#).
(Foot of Hi rket Street. i _______
17:43 a SanU Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wsy Btatiocs JSiO.ir
•St 1 3 * Newark. C<-nterilllr.."an J«w». Kriton.
Boulder Crrek.MaiitaC'riix and Way
Stations.. # 6.20»
t2il.Tr Hewark, Ceiiterrllle, Han Jose, Snw
AlmaJon, Peltoa. Boulder Creek.
Sauta Cruz and I'riuclpal Waf
Buttons f I •!.¦»•»
MilSp Newark, Han .Tone, Los dates *'•«»
o4:l3r01onwood. Felton. SanU Cmi <;«:.V>a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
mmtin rimisco— r»«i >r ¦»k«i sirM^r.n ?>—
•7:15 900 11:004.11. }1:33 «2:03 UC3
•i:C3 J!:M *6:a3r.*.
from OttUJJ— titi t'Jrjil«ij.— '4:oo 900 10:00 l.M.
tI3:C3 '1:03 tt-CZ »3:03 t*:s3 *3:33r.M.
COAST IMTISIO* (DrosdUaiife).
(Third and Townsend Btg.)
f«il*A (\»*a View. South Han FranciwX).. JSiOOf
t?tO*A S*a Jo»« »..,! Wa» 8t»tlon» (Now
AlmadAii Wr.lrißi.Uyn only) •1:30*
J7:3*a Sunday Eieurslon for San Jose.
SanU Crux. Pacinc Qrore and
I'rindp il War Stations . . . - {»133» 1 33 r
•U:OO» Hau Jo«o. Tre« Pliioa. HauU Cms.
Pacltlc Urote. Pun Knbles. San
I.ula Obianu, ft'irf, Lompoc and
Principal War SUtlons MilO-
•la:t»* Baa Jmo and Way ataUona. '«i»»
¦lli3Oa BanJo««,LosGatosaiidWajSUtlo»« # 3:30r ,
f*i«sr 8«n Mateo, Uedwood. Meolo Park.
Palo Alto. SanU Clara. >i»» .lose.
Tres Pinos. Hai.ta Cmr. Salinas,
Monterey and Taoinc Oro»e tIWtIWA,
t»:Sl»p San Jose ami Way SUllo.is *7i3«p
f4:1.1r San Jose and Principal Way Stations # »:<3a
t3:O»r3an Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way SUtlous tB:Oi»4
•*:3Op San J.>t« and Principal Way SUtlons t.l:3.^*
•«:HOr Ban Josa aud Way Stations ni:«»«\
«11:45p 3an .loseand W*y Statiuus •?:3»r
A for Morning. P f or A rtern.wn
• Daily. t Sunday eicepted. I Sunday •nly.
b Saturday only.
• Saturday and Sunday, c Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlfcuron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
HAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:*>. »:00. ll:0O a. m.; U:3S.
1:90 1:10. tM P. Nt TUupßdays— Kxtr» tn»
at iI:M o. m. 6»turd*jr»-Extr» trip* at 1:50
6UNDA«-s:o<?' tdß. U:« -. m.: 1:M. IM.
k-Otl 110 D m.
BANKArAIb TX> SAN FKANC3SCO.
WEEK DAT3-«:l». T:5O. »:». 11:10 a. m. ; U.-4S.
»•« I-1S P- m. Baturdays— Extra, trtpa at
BUND^YS^ •"«. nil m. m.| I*l I*.
Between San Franctsco and Bchaetzea Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I la Effect. I Arrive
Pan Francisco. fApr. 15. 1900.1 gan Francisco.
Week ' Sun- I I Sun- I V/e«k
Days, f days. ( Destination.) days. | Days.
"VJO^m l:C0 sml Novato. 10:40 anil »:4» am
1:30 pm 9:20 am Petaluma. 8:05 pm!lO:2S am
1:13 pm 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm! 6:20 pm
~ Fultoa, I
f :S0 ara Wtndaor. 10:JS nrT «
Healdsburs;.
Lytton.
Geyservtlle.
1:39 pm >:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:J3 ptu «:20 era
7:10 am! I Hopland 1 110:23 ara
1:33 pml 8:00 ami and Ulclah. | 7:r, rnij I:W pm
T:3O am I 110:25 ant
SH» ami Guemrrtlle. 7:13 pm!
J:3O pm -I I C:H ptt»
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma »:li am ).(•) ra
and
t:10 pm S:0O pm Glen Ellen. t:O5 pm t:T> pm_
T:SO ami »:C0 ami [10:40 am! 10:25 am
«:80 pml S:CO pml Bebastopol. I 7: 53 purl t:2O pm
Etases connect at Santa Rona for Marie West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fultoa
for Altrurta: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
QeyservlUe for Skag-xs Springs- at Cloverrfa:*
for the Geysers; at Hoolanrt f^r Duncan
Springs. Highland Pprlnjrs. Kelseyv-llle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
t?prtni?s: at Uktah for Vichy Sprines. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Fprlnss. Upper Lako. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lter!ey». Bucknells.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hutlvtlie. Orr'« H^t
Eprines. Mendoclno City. Fort BrasK. W?«t-
port. Usal. WUllts. LaytonvUle. Cummins.
Bell's Sprints. Harris. Olsen-s. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday roanrt trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offlre^. «50 Market St.. Chronic?- bids.
H. C. WHTTIVO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gea. Pass. Aseat.
THE 0. R. & R. CO.
DISPATCH FABT STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Bpear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CA DC $12 First Class Including Berth
rflnt $8 Second ' lass and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
May 3. 13, 23, June 2
COLUMBIA sails May 8. IS. 28, June 7
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. ,
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL; PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
Nt TOKX. f OUTHAMPTOH. LOHDOM. FABZt,
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a, m.
St. Louis May 2 St. Louis May 23
New York May 9 New York May 80
St. Paul May It St. Paul June I
RED" STAR LINE.
New York atyd Antwerp.
From New York every Wednesday, U noon.
Noordland May 2 Westernland ....May S3
Prlealand May 9 Kensington May 30
Southwark May le Noordland June «
tMPIRt! tlNti. 5;. V:";5 ;.V:";
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco, May 18, and
from Seattle, May 24. to Nome and Bt. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 30. July SI, August 10.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
80 Montgomery st., or any of Us agents.
f3fPF5MSff* Th * s - S. Australia
[dMMsaMS. snllß fpr Honolulu
•EE 8 *"""* Wednesday. May 2.
b"^ ». l«>0. at 2p. m.
Qisr I * > The 8. 8. Alameda
SlfriniSlHlk' ralli vla Honolulu and
GfIKIIIIJIIiy Auckland for Sydney
fOfilP()rcy- Wednesday/ May it,
\ r. i ¦>. 4 at S p.* m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suaz,
England, etc.: StlO first class.
). b. bfrtLCKELS A iJi.oa. CO., Nats.. •!? Montoomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight owr-?. 327 Market St
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. ¦• 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. calling; at
Kobe (H!o*o), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connectlnx at Hongkong: with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of Bailing. '
SS. AMERICA MARU..:
Baturday, May 19th. 1900
SS. HONOKONO MARU
; Thursday, June 14th. ,1900
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday, July 10, 1900
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market st. corner First.
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
I/AOBIAO I ItkltC HATHOH .0500 Ton*
KOSMOS LINE zss&t rssss ?o°s:
B EB.API3 .4000 Tons
Hon'hly sailing 1 for Valparaiso and Hamburg
rla Mexican ports, Central, South America, etc
8. 8. CCTAVIA SAILS ABOUT MAT 10.
If. D. BrRICKXLS a BROS. < <).. .itinu, 114 RMlmurr St.
26
In the FutureFAMILY RESORT-EL CAHPO.
•OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-five . minutes' ride on the bay In that
large magnificent steamer. Uklah. Dancing,
bowling, fishing. -boating, plenty of shade, re-
freshments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults. -25 cents for the round. trip, including
admission to the I grounds. Children between
c and 13 years of age 15 cents.
Leave ferry, foot of Market street.
10:30 a. m.. 1 and 4. p. m. Leav« El Clunpo
01:45 a. m.. f sad 6 d. m. '
*. First Baptist. Eddy «treet, near Jones— Rer.
j-- E. A. Woods.
% Emanuel Eaptiet. Bartlett street, near
..- Twenty-third — Rev. George Gibson.
<s> O'lvet Congregational, Se\-enteenth ar.d Noe
*> «treets— Rev. H. T. Ehepard.
•> Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
«, (venut and Clement street— Rev. Philip
?? Cocmbe.
<t» Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
¦»• Mlselon— Rev. Alfred Bayley.
4> First Congregational, corner Post and Ma
4. eon streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
T Nctre Dame dcs Victolres. Bush, near
.4. Stockton— Rev. Father Hamet.
4, Et. Mary's. Paullst. Dupor.t and Califor
4t, cla «treet»— Paulist Fathers.
?
*> 6t. Irnatiue. Van New avenue and Hayes
<*> rtren.— Jesuit Fathers.
4>
* St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Nees avenue and
••• O'Farrrtl street— Rev. Father Prendergast,
4» V. G.
*> Trinity, corner Bush and Gough streets —
*¦ Rev. F. W\ Clampett.
<l> A. If. E. Zion, EO5 Stockton street— Rev. T.
4> Brown.
%
<s, .
A, Centenary M. E.. BuFh street, between
A, Goußh ar.d Octavia — Rev. J. EX Moore.
4> Siir.pnori Memorial M. E.. corner Have* and
-;• Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
? ¦ Vl^ 1 _
«,, — —
4> Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
4fc Wrbster streets— R.ev. Eugene H. Avery.
4> D.D. ' ?<K»~ ¦:<:-.
*> Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and
*• Geary rtrm»— Rev. John HemphlU.
4
*> V.'mprial Presbyterian— Rev. Herbert N.
A Bevier.
yS>
*• Stewart Memorial. Guerrero street, near
4h Twrnty-thlrd— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
4b 1 — — ¦
<j> First Pre«byter!an. corner Van Ness avenue
4» and Parramento streets— Rev. R. Macken
*> rle. D.D.. paster.
a : . a .
A- First Chrtrtinn. Twelfth street, near How
... ard— Rev. Y. S. Ford.
<Z, — ¦ .
4> Second Vnitar'.an. corner Capp and Twen
-;. tleth street*— Rev. E. M. 8. Hodgen.
x
4> . —
i>> Y. M. C A., Mason and Ellis etrects-H.
4. J. McCoy, wcretary.
<t. Punday Lecture Association. Metropolitan
A. Temple— Rev. B. Fay Mill*.
i, Theosophical Society-Odd Fellows' bulld
+ iPC-
X Church of J*su« Oirlrt of Latter I)»y
a. Saints. Pythian Hall— E'.der A. W. Boh-.
/i. man.
Ji nrrt Church of Christ. 22S Slitter street.
A-. bf-twrVn Kt-arny street and Orant avenii*
<j> —The BIMe and Science and Health, With
4. Key to the Scriptures.
V. First I'nitarian. smith wert corner of Geary
4, and Franklin etreptu— Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
•*, minister emeritus: Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
••> minister in charge.
Morning— "Why Did Jesus Weep?" Even- <?>
ing— "Converted in a Chariot," followed <i>
by Baptism. ...
Morning— "Jesus at Jacob's Well." Even- A>
ing— "The Young Man of To-Day." <f>
— : <s.
Morning— "Misfortunes of Discovered Guilt." <?>
Evening— "The Doctrine of Election." 4>
. : <2>
Mnmlng— "John the Beloved." Evening— <s>
"Feter the Bold." <j>
?
— — A,
Morning— Noel H. Jacks of Oakland will <§>
epeak on Y. M. C. A. work. Evening— <«>
Preaching by the pastor. <$,
_ 4.
Momir-s— "God Is a Spirit." Evening— <J>
"Follow Me." <|,
' 4>
Morning-— Solemn high mass in honor of <«>
Hlessed I'eter Chanel; sermon by. Rev. <§>
Father Hamet. Evening — Vespers and ser- <«>
mon. «j,
. ¦ . in
Morning— Sermon by one of the Fathers at <i>
11 o'clock rrfass. Evening— Vespers and ser- <|>
mon. /*,
, _ 4»
Morning— The Very Rer. J. P. Frieden will <§>
preach at the 10:30 mass. Evening — Rev «*>
Father Hlckey. . <»>
_ — : ,
Morning— Rev. Father Hannlgran will preach <^
at 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Vesper* and •$?
yermon by Rev. Father Ramm. <s>
— 4,
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening *»>
Same. <j.
Morning— "Balaam's Prophedei and Par- %
ables of the Prosperity of the Children of &
Israel." Evening— "The Grandness and <J>
Sublimity of Womanhood." <{>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening <4>
—Same. r ; <$>
Morning— "The New Covenant." Evening— <a>
Sacred concert under the direction of J 4>
M. Ehawhan. X
Mornlng-"The Man Who Has No Need of %
.Religion." Evening— -The Words That Z
Give Light. X
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Evening %
—"Strength From the Strong Son of God." |>
Morning— "The Spirit of Truth." Evening— %
"The Meaning of Suffering." X
Morning— "Drifting." Evening— "Y. MC %¦
A. Work," an address by N. 11. Jacks* X
secretary Y. M. C. A. of Oakland. ' %
Morning— Services will be conducted by Rev <&
William Kirk Guthrie. Evening— Same. » ' <|>
?
Morning— "Keep Yourselves in the Love of «fo
God." Evening— "Election." <j>
Morning— "lt In Better to Hear the Rebuke %
of the Wise Than for a Man to Hear the «*>
Sons of Fool?." Evening— "The Elements 4>
of Christianity." <^
— _ — — . • 3,
Afternoon— Secretary McCoy will talk .on <$>
"The Young Man and Ills Decision." <s>
Evening— Address by Dr. Mills on "Between <*>
the Animals and the Angels." <§>
. <s.
Evening— "Ancient Peru and the Mysterious <i>
Civilization." 4>
. a. <t>
livening-— Address by the elder on "The Gob- &
pel." 4>
<f>
. — <«>
Morning— "Adam and Fallen Man." ««>
Morning— Preaching by Rev. Dr. Leavltt on <fc
"The Foolishness of the Wise and the Wis- <$>
dom of Fools." . . 4>
Commencing
4th THIS SUNDAY NIGHT
BIG — "
VVFFW Matinees
yvi^iy Thursday and Saturday.
INCONTROVERTIBLE HIT!
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANY.
Presenting Nat Goodwin's Bigsest Comedy
Triumph.
"J\ GILDED F=*OOL"
.With Mr. Neill as "CHAUNCY SHORT."
Carriages 10:45 p. m.
Play to follow— "A PARISIAN ROMANCE."
-fJLVHEATRE r A>
MATINEE 10 DAY, Sunday, at 2.
TO-NIGHT QUO VADIS.
TO-MORROW CTT]7 I
NIGHT. - - - KjJ w Ju •
PICTURESQUE PRODUCTION
Of Bret Harte's Beautiful Story of th» Early
Days of California, "• .
EXTRA 7V\"/\TIINEE
TUESD/VY,
DEUUEY DAY.
olymfia SiiiSiai
The only free vaudeville show in the city.
Last week of
THE BLACK BARTONS,
The biggest hit of the season.
THELMA WINF ELD,
The wonderful violinist.
MAUR Cr MONTAGUE,
The sensation of two continents.
MLLE. TiiELMA
In " poses plastlques.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COM-
PANY.
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
THE WEEKLY CALL
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
PHONE MAIN 533.
L A S T -:- N I G H T -:- O F
"AN ARABIAN GIRL."
COMMENCINO TO-MOP.ROW (MONDAT)
EVENING.
— The Famous Casino Success, —
A Magmlflcer.t and Costly Production. Witt
New and Beautiful Scenery and Costumes.
Rich In SONGS. DANCES and MERRY JESTS.
Reappearance of
/V\R. CHRIS BRUNO.
Special Engagement of
MASTER ARNOLD GRAZER
and LA PETITE HAZEL.
A Superb Cast. Including the Entire Strength
of the Company and
OUR rKLKISRATED CHORUS
EXTRA MATINEE TUESDAY NEXT (Dewey
Day), when sooJ Reserved Seat caa be ob-
tained In Orchestra for 2~> cents.
In preparation — An entire novelty to San
Francisco— THE LADT SLAVEY, for two years
the rase of London and New York.
II^UAL POPULAR PRICES.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium,
.....LITTL.E, FREiD
And His Troune of Trained Animals.
Choppers' Friendship Club.
The Choppers' Friendship Club, a bene
fit auxiliary of the "Woodmen of the World
of this city, has through its committee
composed of A. J. Weinert, E. R. Engle
man, J. I. Peterson, A. T. Love and W.
H. Scheper arranged a programme of en
tertainment for its friends to be feTiven on
the Uth of May in Native Sons' Hall.
Those who are to appear on that even
ing are: Miss Amy Peterson, Henry
Mauser, Miss Exina Roberts. W. J.
Hynes, Miss Claire Fex and the Union
quartet. The musical and specialty pro
gramme will be followed by a farce com
edy and dancing.
Ingenious Burglar Held.
Arthur Deering, the burglar with an in
genious contrivance for opening doors,
THE C. F. KAPP COMPANY
CONCERT HALL,
Corner Golden Gate Aye. and Market St.
CONTINCOU3 VAUDEVILLE
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE
EVERT NIGHT' EVERT NIGHT!
ADMISSION FREE.
Will Preach in the Churches.
The Mission branch Young Men's Chris
tian Association has arranged for. an
"Association Sunday" to-morrow. The
several churches of the Mission will be
supplied with speakers who are well ac
nualntcd with association work and will
make a presentation of it at the morning
ami pvenine services. H. J. McCoy will
speak at QTace Methodist Church fn the
morning and Emmanuel Baptist Church
at nisht Noel H. Jacks, general secre
tary of the Oakland Y. M C. A., will ad
dress the Third Congregational people in
the mornine and Stewart Memorial in the
evening. Rev* Alfred Bayley of the Third
Congregational will spealt at the Trinity
Presbyterian in the morning.
SCAVENGERS SEEK
TO EVADE THE LAW
Chief Sullivan Will Allow No Fur
ther Delay in Having Proper
Covers on Wagons.
Five of the scavengers arrested some
weeks ago for violating the health ordin
ance in not having proper covers on their
wagons appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday. . .. ...
It had been agreed that if the scav
engers would comply with the law the
cases would be dismissed. ¦* " ,
Chief Sullivan was in court and said
that the cover for the wagons had been
selected about two weeks ago, but the
scavengers had not adopted it.
Attorney Glover, for the scavengers,
promised that they would Immediately get
the cover if they knew where it coud be
seen, and the Chief promised to supply
them with the information. The Judge
then • continued the cases until next
Wednesday, on the understandlncthat if
the defendants had not by that time com
plied with the. law the cases would go to
trial without any further continuance.
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
COURSING AT
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
INGLESIDE PARK
TO-DAY
STJITOAY ? . APRIL 29, 1900
96— FAST HOUNDS— 96
96— FAST HOTJITDS— 96
Mission-Street Electric Cars Direct to
the Park Gates Every 5 Minutes.
TO-DAY
AT INGLESIDE
AT IHGLESIDE
AT INGLESIDE
COURSING PARK
¦2 COURSING PARK
COURSING PARK
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT
VAUDEVILLE SHOW!
EVANS & MAITLAND,
DAVENP"ORT SISTERS.
ALICE RAYMOND.
JONES. DAVIS & HEARD.
THE HEWITTS.
MULLEN & WARD.
EDWARD ADAMS.
MOVINO PICTURES.
Telephone for Seats Park 33.
FIRST NATIVE DAUGHTER
BORN IN ORDER'S HOME
Little Stranger That Will Arouse In
terest in the Parlors of This
City.
A new native daughter has arrived. Bhe
made her appearance in the Native
Daughters' home a few days since and
is the first child born there. The mother
Is a member of Naomi Parlor of Dan
ville who came to this city a few weeks
ago 'taking up her residence at the home.
It Is probable that the christening of the
newcomer will be quite an event Na
tive Daughter circles of this city.
The home has become well established
and has received favorable consideration
and assistance from local parlors and
from many in the interior. Since it was
opened sixteen months ago It has proved
what it was intended to be^ — a home for
many Native Daughters who, coming to
this city did not wish to go to either a
hotel or be a burden to friends during
their sojourn here.
SERVICES THIS DAY
AT THE CHURCHES
UNION COURSING PARK,
TO-DAY. Snnday, April 29th.
GIGANTIC
OF
120 NOMINATIONS I
Great Match Race !
PALO ALTO VS. BEACON.
PALO ALTO VS. BEACON.
PALO ALTO VS. BEACON.
$1500-PR!ZE MONET--Sl5OO
MUSIC BT YON DER MEHDEN'S BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets 13:15 a.
m., 11 a. m.. 12 m. and 1 p. m. Returning at
4:45 p. m. and after last course. San Mateo
electric cars every six minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
TO-NIGHT—
AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
ThoM Funny Fellows.
WARD and YOKES,
40— PEOPLE— 40
In the Musical Farce.
THE FLOOR WALKERS.
FUN PRICES 25c. 35c, 50c, 75e and Jl
Look out for "THE EVIL ETE"
FOURTH ANNUAL
CHOW f
snuw i
MECHANICS' PAVILION
MAY 2, 3, 4, 5, 1900.
THE LARGEST EXHIBITION OF DOGS
EVER HELD ON THE PACIFIC COAST.
OPEN 10 a. m. to 10 p. m. DAILY.
ADMISSION. AFTERNOONS, 25c
EVENINGS. 60c.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEIi CLUB.
H. H. CARLTON.
EVERY ONE SAYS *T IS
Greater Than Idol's Eye"
SEATS ON SALE
SEVEN DAYS AHEAD!
EVENINGS (\T 8.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2.
KIcSl! 25^ 50 Cents
TELEPHONE— BUSH 9.
AWAITING ACTION BY
COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF
The Question of Camp or No Camp
for the National Guard May Be
Answered To-Morrow.
The first orders for the blouses for the
men of the National Guarl have been
filled and the garments were distributed,
but it was found there were not enough
to fill the requisitions, so the uniform
board directed Mandel. Pursch & Co. and
the Pettlbone Company, the contractors,
to furnish several hundred more, the
work being divided between the two firms.
The first named firm refused to accept
the order, stating that it had enough of
National Guard contracts. The order was
then placed with the other firm.
It is expected that to-morrow the com
mander-in-chief will announce his de
cision in relation to the site of Santa
Cruz recommended for the school of in
struction for the guard. If it should be
favorable it is almost certain that a di
vision camp will be ordered, despite tho
aversion or some of the regiments. It is
said that if the camp is ordered it will
be purely a military one, without dally
dress parade and reviews, and that but
one review will be had, that to be on the
occasion of the visit of the commander-in
chicf.
Delay seems to be the rule in the First
Regiment of Infantry. There was delay
in petting it back into the guard after the
return from Manila, there was more delay
in the matter of electing line officers and
now there is delay in ordering elections to
fill vacancies by reason of several of the
line officers having failed to qualify. This
latter delay prevents the election of field
officers. These delays have in a great
measure discouraged the enlisted men.
who. when they signed the rolls, expected
to see the regiment in full operation
within a month after it was accepted.
First Lieutenant E. G. Hunt has-been,
elected captain of Company A, Fifth In
fantry, vice Poulter, jpromoted major;
First Sergeant John C. Ellis- has been
elected first lieutenant vice Hunt, pro
moted. . . _
Privates R. B. Felton and "W. E. Green
of Company F of the Fifth has asked to
be transferred to the sanitary corps.
AMUSEMENTS.
TO-DAY! TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
TUNNEL DAY!
A MAMMOTH SHOW
At the Theater and on the Grounds.
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE,
Over 20 separate acts In the magnificent bill.
THE SLIDE FOR LIFE!
A fearless feat of reckless daring;,
BALLOON ASCENSION,
And a score of other attractions.
San Mateo cars or Mlssion-st. cart, via Bos-
worth-st. tunnel (Just completed).
10 CENTS— ADMISSION— IO CENTS.
*X S VO ILl*
OH V HILE V I CHARGETHEERISEI
AM I A WIZ? YOU BET I AM!
TO-MORROW BEGINS
THE THIRD WEEK
OF THE
enormous success;
THE SUPERB COMIC OPERA,
The Above Unsurpassed Aggregation of Talent In Conjunction With
ORPHEU/W STARS.
BUOMAN AND AKDELLE
Socletv Sketch Artists.
BROTHERS FORREST
Musical Clowns From Paris
Mr. and Mrs. ARTHUR SI DM A N
In an ori;in-l One-Act Co-nedy. "A BIT 0' REA T LITE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Redmanshlp. They have secured the
names of fifteen of the business men of
that place to a petition for a charter.
Order of Chosen Friends.
At a meeting of the various councils by
representatives a few evenings since to
take steps to celebrate the anniversary of
the order, which falls on the 2Sth of May,
Past Grand Councilor Boehm was chosen
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments, W. F. Gibson vice president, F. M.
Staley secretary and Mrs. Clara J. Swee
ney treasurer.
The recent visit of the grand councilor
to Empire Council was an Interesting one,
and that official and those who accom
panied him were cordially received by a
large number of members of- the council
and order. The meeting was addressed
by Grand Councilor Savage, Past Grand
Councilor Boehm, Supreme Representa
tive Mrs. C. J. Sweeney and others on
matters relative to the order.
The grand councilor, in company with
\V. F. Gibson, S. R-. S. C. Waflis, G. C.
and Grand Marshal Mrs. W. H. Pratt,
paid an official visit to Oakland Council,
in whose hall there was a joint meeting
of the councils of that city. The hall
was tastefully decorated and an interest
ing session was held.
During the past week Grand Councilor
Savage paid official visits to the councils
in Napa, Benicia, Dixon, Stockton, Lin
den and Sonora.
The council at Angels Camp has ar
ranged for a picnic in May.
Teutonla Council at its last held meet
ing had two initiations, Pacific Council
had several and Grass Valley's council
had one.
There la to be a meeting to-morrow
night in the hall of Empire Council of
the delegates to the anniversary celebra
tion committee to perfect the plans for
(he event.
On the 7th day of May there will be a
meeting in the hall of Empire Council to
discuss the advisability of organizing a
series of union meetings. •
The open meeting of Pacific Council on
the evening of the 20th was attended by a
large number of the friends of the mem
bership. There was presented for their
entertainment an excellent programme of
varied numbers, which was followed by
dancing.
Ancient Order of "Workmen.
The grand master and other grand offi
cers at a meeting last Wednesday night
decided to start the extension work in
this city on a large scale. It is proposed'
to have district meetings at stated in
tervals and to have public meetings and
entertainments once a month.
Valley Lodge will give a grand entertain
ment on the nißht of the 30th Inst. A eood
programme has been prepared.
The cash prizes offered last year for the
largest net gain of membership have been
awarded as follows;
To Porterville Lodte No. 199 — Net
cain from April 1, 18S»i». to April 1. 1900,
171 members; present membership. 220; nrst
cash prize, $100. To Valley Lodge No. 30— Net
grain, 117 members; present membership, 849;
cash prize of $75. To Nevada City Lodge No. 62
—Net gain of S9 members; present membership,
334; cash prize of »75. To Magnolia Lodge No.
41 — Net gain. S4 members; present membership,
379; cash prize of $75. The following- lodges
have won the diamond Jewel of honor for ad
mittlnff thirty or more members in December,
1599: Valley Lodge No. 30 Santa Cruz Lodge
No. 46 and America Lodce Wo. 365. The follow
ing lodges have won the same Jewel for ad
mitting thirty or more members from February
1 to March 24, r0O0: Enterprise Lodge No. 17,
Valley Lodge No. SO, Magnolia Lodge No. 41,
Santa Cruz Lodge No. 46, Nevada City Lodee
No. 52, Willows Lodge No. 115. Porterville
Lodge No. 159 and Tesla Lodge No. 363.
The following cash prizes will be offered for
the current year, viz.: $100 cash for the lodge
making the largest net gain from April 1, 1000,
to Aoril 1, 1901. providing said net sain is not
less than 100 members. Three cash prizes of
$75 each to the next three lodges makine the
highest sain, providing said net gain of each
lodge shall not be less than 75 members. A silk
emblematic banner to the lodge makinir the
highest net gain of percentage In said year.
Irrespective of members. No lodge shali be en
titled to any two of these prizes.
Friendship Lodge is arranging to cele
brate the twentieth anniversary of its in
stitution.
The musical and literary lecture deliv
ered last Thursday night by Sam Booth,
grand receiver, in Excelsior Hall, in aid
of the general fund of Excelsior Lodge,
was well attended and was a very inter
esting as well as an entertaining one.
Grand Recorder Miss Loretta S. Don
nelly of the Degree of Honor was in
Guinda, Yolo County, last week in the
company of Grand Lady of Honor Mrs.
E. F. Mayon and organized Loretta Lodge
No. 105 with twenty-nine charter mem
bers.
The lodge at Lemoore was reinstituted
last week by Past Grand Master Collins.
It starts with forty-seven members.
A new lodge of this order will bo in
stituted in this city this week.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
Court Twin Peaks on next Tuesday
evening will give a children's entertain
ment in Mission Turn Verein Hall and
that will be followed by a dance. An un
usually good programme has been pre
pared under the direction of the commit
tee of arrangements, composed of Alex
ander Smith, W. T. Hammond, W. J.
Clinton, James H. Ernst, W. R. Spence,
W. F. Dulfer and W. B. Carpenter. The
committee declares that it will be the
best entertainment that* has been given
in this city in years by children.
Frank J. Maguire a prominent mem
ber of Court Star of the West, also a
member of Friendship Lodge of the A. O.
U. W., will be tendered a grand compli
mentary benefit on the 19th of May in the
social hall of the Foresters' building.
There will be a fine programme of varied
numbers and then will follow a pro
gramme of dancing.
Court Star of the -West will give a
smoker on the night of the 4th of May,
on which occasion fifteen strangers will
be initiated.
Last Wednesday night High • Chief
Ranger Boehm paid an official visit to
Court Star of the Mission and found it in
good condition. The following night he
visited Court Grant in East Oakland,
where he presented a handsome gold em
blematic badge to the member who dur
ing a stated period introduced the great
est number of candidates to the court for
initiation.
A. B. Peters of Court Camoens of Hono
lulu is in this city, the first delegate out
side of San Francisco to arrive to attend
the session of the High Court of Call
fnrnia.
The entertainment given last Tuesday
night by Court Twin Peaks in Mission
Turn Verein Hall was well attended and
was one of the most successful affairs
ever given by this court. It was a chil
dren's night, the programme being a most
enjoyable one.
Companions of the Forest.
Fidelity Circle gave its iirst invitation
party last Wednesday night in the Laurel
Hall of the Shiels building. It was well
attended by an audience that enjoyed a
good programme of dances.
Loyal Circle's clothespin party last' Mo
nday night was a pleasant affair. Each
visitor was presented with a clothespin
dressed as a doll, many of them being
very comic. Two weeks ago this circle
initiated thirteen strangers, making twen
ty-seven new members during the term
of the present officers, and the member
ship of the circle at this time is 106.
Independent Foresters.
Last week Court Seal Rock had
a. pleasant social in its hall on Devlsadero
street. There were many ladies present,
who, with the members of the court, en
joyed a well-arranged programme of
dsLnccs
High Chief Ranger Q. A. McElfresh last
week paid a visit to j Court South
ern Heights, in the Potrero, and
was received by a number of visitors in
addition to the membership. He deliv
ered one of tho?e interesting logical ad
dresses with which he can always enter
tain an audience of enthusiastic Forest
ers such as are those of the visited court.
This court proposes to secure quarters in
the central part of the city.
Court Yerba Buena is still progressing
and is making arrangements for an.en
tertainment in the rear future.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh paid an
official visit Thursday night to Court
Diana and delivered an encouraging and
Interesting address.
National Union.
Tosemlte Council No. 39 of the National
Union 1 celebrated its removal to Balboa
Hall, in the Native Sons' building, on last
Monday night by a housewarming. , All
the officers of the council wcr«'a commit
tee to receive. the San Francisco Cabinet'
which paid it an official visit that night,
also to entertain it and visitors from other
councils who were present. There was an
excellent programme of music/ vocal and
instrumental, the latter being. by an or
chestra of six pieces, addresses by promi
nent members of the order and half an
hour of clever, card tricks by Professor
Keane. The council also served up a col
lation and distributed cigars.
At the meeting of;. the 'San Francisco
Cabinet last Thursday night it was de
clared to be the sense of that body that
the local councils should give a joint
smoker some time in September. The sec
retary was instructed to notify the coun
cils. * . :'•%•.¦
POWDER MILL
AT SANTA CRUZ
DESTROYED
Tons of Powder in the
Small Glaze House
Attendants Had Fortunately lief t the
Building: and Escaped Without
Injury Beyond a Severe
Shaking-Up.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SANTA CRUZ. April 28.— Slumbering
Santa Cruz was startled this morning at
2:60 o'clock by a force that shook things
up for several seconds, and a great re
port, followed by a loud rumbling sound
as the noise reverberated and resounded
down San Lorenzo Canyon, was evidence
enough that a heavy explosion had taken
place at the California Powder Works.
It was the smallest of the two glaze
mills and contained two cylinders with a
charge of nearly four tons of powder. J.
E. White and Sam Dunn, the men who
run tho two glaze mills at night, had Just
left the smaller one a few minutes before
it went up, and the cause of the explosion
is not known, as all was In safe running
order when the men left. No one was
killed or injured. '
The building was totally destroyed by
the explosion, and the only thing that
marks the spot where it stood is a large
hole. Even the concrete foundation under
the machinery, which was about eight feet
deep, was disposed of as though it were
sawdust. The large high board fence
along the Big Tree road was blown down
for a distance of 200 yards by the force,
and to one side of the road lies the elec
tric motor, which was blown fifty yards
or more.
The warehouse containing soda was par
tially destroyed, and the burning of the
contents lighted up the heavens for some
length of time.
The big glaze mill, which was but re
cently built to replace the one blown up
six months ago, and which is about 200
yards distant, was badly damaged.
The flying pieces of debris, machinery,
etc tore through its roof, and becoming
entangled among Its machinery stopped its
workings. The windows and doors were
torn out by the concussion.
The machinery and fragments of the
building in which the explosion occurred
are scattered far and wide among the
trees and brush that cover the hills.
This mill was built about a year ago
and the damage can only be roughly esti
mated but it amounts to several thou
sand dollars. The mill will be replaced
by a new one. __^
FRATERNAL NEWS.
Order of the Eastern Star. - ]
Grand Patron George L. Darling, who '<
rent to Los Arwrelos with the Drill Corps
?f the Golden Gate Commandery. K. T..
w ill remain in the southern part of the
State after the conclave. He will make
k imitations to the chapters in Los Angeles,
Ban Bernardino and San Diego counties.
His wife. Past Crand Organist Mrs. Dar
ling, will vijiit the chapters with him.
During his Flay in the south he will in
stitute a new chapter at Ontario.
On the second Monday in May Beulah
Lodge will give as an attraction at its
"at home" a clothespin hour, which it is
said, will be entirely different from any
thing ever given in that line before.
The associate grand matron has been
visiting in the northern part of the State.
Ivy Chapter had two initiations last
Tuesday night. The worthy matron has
returned from the north, where she went
to the bedside of her husband. Captain
Bonnifleld. who was suddenly taken ill.
Degree of the Amaranth.
Crescent Court of the Degree of the
Amaranth ie moving onward and is add
ing to its membership. Ab the purpose oif
this order Is better understood and its
beautiful ritualistic work is witnessed by
those eligible* who Join, it creates a de
sire on the part of the initiates to do mis
sionary work to the end that others shall
Join the membership. The court at its
last held meeting initiated M. Nelson of
Tacoma. Mrs. Mary H. Lewis and the
Jdleses Nason. The court is honored by
having five of its members on the board
of grand court officers, namely: Florin
L. Jones, associate royal patron; Mrs. Ad
rile L. B&ilou. associate royal matron;
Sirs. M. G. Dunn, grand wisdom; Jennie
A. Graves, crand truth, and George "W.
Drew, grand sentinel.
Mrß. M. G. Dunn, Mrs. Annie Lambert
ar.d C. P. Sommers have been appointed
a committee to arrar.g<? for a grand social
event to be given by the court in Golden
Gate Hall on the 29th of May.
The Odd Fellows.
At the last held meeting of Parker
Lo/Ige George C. Crowcll and James A.
Wells were each presented a set of resolu
tions in recognition of their valuable past
•ervtees to the lodge.
At the next session of the Grand Lodge
th«r* will be introduced a resolution to
have that body, under authority of the
Sovereign Grand Ividge. give official
recognition to general relief committees
that may exist or may be organized in
this Jurisdiction.
The Bebekahs.
California Rebekah Lodge has com
pleted all Its arrangements for the grand
ball it will give in the assembly hall of
the Odd Fellows' building on the night of
May 4. Mrs. J. H. Wehser is the chair
man of the committee of arrangements,
which has prepared a fine programme of
up-to-date dances. D. A. Hagens has been
selected as floor manager.
A few ever.ir.gs sir.ct the Veteran Re
rx-kah Association held a meeting at the
residence of the Misses Brown, daughters
of the late president of the association.
This lady in her lifetime expressed a de
sire to receive the Veteran Association
during her term as president, but it was
decreed otherwise. It was in accordance
with a wish of the lady, shortly before
her demise, that the reception was ten
dered by her daughters. After a short
business session there was served a colla
tion and there were music and short talks
that served to make the evening a pleas
ant one. It was the largest quarterly
meeting that the association ever he.d.
Ttoe annual meeting of the association
will be held during- the week that the Cali
fornia Assembly shall be in session.
The Elks.
San Francieco Lodge is still adding to
its membership and is approaching the
three hundred mark. When that number
Fhall have been reached the initiation fee
will be increased to £*). At the meeting
last Friday the lodge received the re
ports of committee on five applications.
Oakland Lodge had a gala meeting last
week receiving four applications for
membership and initiating seven can
didates Secretary Hannifin contemplates
a visit to the Paris Exposition.
H S Manning and several coast aele
rates are making arrangements for a
special car to go to Atlantic City to at
tend the session of the Grand Lodge.
The lodge in Tucson. Ariz., has just fin
ished "n« of th«* handsomest halls in the
•United States. The lodpe owns the land
and house in which the hall is located.
The Native Daughters.
On the evening of the ISth inst. the spe
cial committee of Golden State Parlor of
the Native Daughters entertained its
members and visitors with charades and
a guessing contest, and subsequently had
a collation served at a cafe.
4 *~~ .v^inn «!<nre the unmarried la-
dies of La Estrella Parlor entertained the
married ones with a game called "search
ing for Easter eg-^s." A number of candy
''RSs placed in ntsta were concealed in va
rious parts of the parlor, and in the
search for these some secured fine nests.
Dr. Lillian Boldemann, who had charge
of the games, kept up a string of jnerry
entertainment all night. Miss Frances
Platz Ourinf* the evening rendered several
charming vocal solos, after which ice
crcJiin and cakes were served. Then the
married ladies departed for their respec
tive homes to tell each anxiously waiting
husband that
The club had a meeting; to-night, love;
Of Jollity we had a treat eight, love.
The entertainment and dance to be
given by La Estrella on the 9th of May
promises to be a great success, as there
has been a great demand for invitations.
The members of the various parlors will
observe Native Daughters' Memorial day
by appropriate exercises on the loth of
May.
Grand President Mrs. Sifford will pay
an official visit to Alell Parlor in Salinas
on the 7th of May.
Orinda Parlor has arranged for a spring
time snowball party to be given in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building
next Thursday. The committee has se
cured barrels of snow from the Sierras
for the occasion.
The Druids.
The boom of Manzanita Grove Is still
on. At the meeting last Thursday night
fifteen strangers received the first degree
and forty-eight the third or Druid's de
gree. The increase in this grove, which
is phenomenal, is due In a great measure
to the efforts of Frank Marini, the noble
arch who on Thursday next will lay
down the gavel to give way to his suc
cessor, who, with the other officers, will
be installed for the ensuing term.
On the 20th inst. Masonic Hall in Beni
cia was crowded with members of the or
der from this city, Sonoma, St. Helena
and Fairfleld to witness Noble Grand
Arch JVlaninoni and Grand Secretary
tiraves. assisted by Deputy Grand Arch
H Lange, Grand Guardian J. S. Godeau.
A. Wolf (N. A. of Laurel Grove), Past
Arches K. H. Miller and J. F. Maganino
and Solano Grove institute Benicia Grove
with twenty-five charter members. A
banquet followed- the ceremonies.
Past Noble Grand Arch Sorenson. who
is secretary of Modesto Grove, reports
that that grove in the past four months
increased its membership by seventy. At
the last held meeting it still had seven ap
plications to act upon. This grove has
one of the best-drilled teams in the juris
diction. It works six nights each week.
Nearly 200 members of the order wit
nessed the Joint team of Laurel and Tem
plar groves confer the bard's degree on
a number of candidates for Golden Star
Grove. The team is deserving of praise
for its excellent work.
Officers will be installed in all groves
that meet. Many will be public.
El Dorado Circle, Daughters of Melan
thus, recently Initiated twenty candidates
and elected its officers for the ensuing
term. These will be installed in public
on the second Tuesday in May.
Roma Grove initiated five candidates
last Monday and received five applica
tions. Olympia Grove initiated one at its
last held meeting.
Aurora Grove's second degree team
pave an exhibition drill in Mission Parlor
Hall last Tuesday night and it was favor
ably commented on.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Pocahontas and Kaweah Councils of the
Degrree of Pocahontas have arranged for
a joint picnic at San Lorenzo Grove on
the 20th of May.
Yosemite Tribe has eleven palefaces to
adopt. This tribe in the future will have
an entertainment under good of the order
on the fourth Tuesday in each month.
Those who are interested in the forma
tion of a new council of the DegTee of
Pocahontas to be known as Iroquols
i Council will meet in the office of the
j great chief of records on the 4th of May
Ito organize. This new subordinate will
I be instituted by Pocahontas Council, on
| which occasion Great Pocahontas Miss A.
Gill will be present.
The members of the order In this city,
Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley and Elm-
J hurst will celebrate Tammany day. the
j 12th of May, by a picnic at Mirabel Park.
There is to be a long list of gate and
gam' prizes.
Ycsemite Council, depree of Poca
i hontas, on the 20th inst. had a musical and
literary entertainment, followed by a
farce, in Armory Hall, Alameda.
H. J. Hutaff/D. D. G. S., visited Car
i qulnez Tribe at Crockett on the 20th Inst.
j and instructed the team in the degree
| work. We reports the tribe in a flourish
j inp condition. The tribe will shortly
adopt tWMity-flve palefaces.
Minnehah.'i Council ar.d Samoset Tribe
I of Vallejo will celebrate Tammany day
! by a prand ball, for which elaborate ar
rangements are being made.
Charles Neilsen, D. D. G. S., has just
] returned from a visit to Watsonville,
where, in conjunction with Julius Jensen
of that place, iie worked in the interest of
AMUSEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^X,, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
was held to answer yesterday beforethft
Superior Court by Judge Mogan on a
charge of burglary. Bonds were fixed in
the sum of $3000.
\ AMERICA'S GREATEST MIMIC S
ETTA BUTLER X
The San Francisco Girl Who Conquered New York.
DIQBIT BEIX-iHj I
The Operatic Comedlan-Monologlgt. j
RAtz AND BROSCHE J
In Their Up-to-Date Sketch. "TOO MUCH WOMAN." I
/ PROTO MILDRED STOLLER V
S^ Holland's Premiere Danaenae. Character Vocalist. X<
(SUNDAY). APRIL 23th— Parquet 23c. any seat; Balcony 10c;
nviMV.« i<£ air t>art A few front orchestra rows, reserved, 30c; front rows of balcony.
SserVed 25c SPECIAL MATINEE DEWrV DAY-TUESDAY. MAY Ist.
®
SAN FRANCISCO Oi»lAnA
jfi^'^V £\ LOS ANGELJES DENVER
A GREAT DOUBLE BILL. «* Weak Comneccing Snniay 'Matbee, April 29tL
FULGORA'S ALL-STAR SPECIALTY CO.
SENT FREETO MEN !
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
"physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment, and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the nat-
ural functions and has been an absolute
success in 'all cases. A request to the
State Medical Institute. 328 Elektron
building. Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with promptly. The
Institute Is desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable them to see how easy
it is to be cured of sexual weakness when
the proper remedies are employed. The
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed in a plain package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to ¦write without delay^
FISCHER'S
A CONCERT HOUSE
122-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
E. A. FISCHER. Prop. I GEO. MOOSER. Mgr.
THE HANDSOMEST MUSIC HALL IN AMERICA!
...WEEK OF AfRtV 30...
Entire Change of Programme!
LA TRAVIATA
(CAMILLE)
GREAT LOMBARDI OPERA QUARTETTE.
MR. JOHN KURKAMP.
MISS LILLIAN WALTHER.
AUGUST HINKICHS' SUPERH OKOHESTRA.
Next Week— "FAUST" and "RIGOLETTO."
SIGNOR ABRAMOFF— MEPHISTO.
ADMISSION. 10 CENTS.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
AJPRIL Jl TO MAY 5: INCLUSIVE.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thuri-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shins.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. ni. sharp.
I Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:80, 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with ¦ trains stopping . at the entrance to tho
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts: no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric ears at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
AND
27AGENTS WASTED.
GOOD thine: ladies or gentlemen; city or
country. Crown Studio, 1140 Market St.
LADY agents— lf you want the best monejfs"
makers get the Hygela Electric Corsets and
cklrts; the standard for 20 years. Address
Western Corset Co.. St. Louis, Mo. •".¦>
AGENTS for an all-round useful utensil; best
ever Invented; $15 to $25 per day; profitable,
permanent business. Call or write HERRICK,
1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED building and loan agent*.
Room 140 S. Claus Spreckels building.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest a_trol-
opist and palmist In the world; satisfaction
.guaranteed. t5 Powell st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
'. W. A. X NICHOLSON, attorney at law; tele-
phone Davis 234. 410 Kearny st.
I ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
I F. H. MERZBACH. attorney at law. has r--
j sum*d practice at tO3 Cal. st.. Clunle bldg.
j L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
I PATH CABINET—HOT AIR. VAPOR.
i ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; door opens firm
; and safe W. S. BROWN, -en. act.. 426 Ellis.
!1 1 '
BELGIAN HARES.
I CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIATION
NEPTUNE GARDENS. ALAMEDA,
I Have mure IMPORTED and HIGH-CLASS
j animals than all the rabbitrios around the
Hay of San Francisco combined. When we
i hay IMPORTED we mean brought from Eng-
I land, and parties purchasing hares should de-
! maud that dealers who advertise IMPORTED
; animals produce bona fide certificates show-
; Ing that animals were actually Imported from
England.
I We have 10 animals that score S5 and over.
We have 30 animals that score &4 and over.
Our stud is led by that famous animal.
WANTAGE FOX. score S6; fee $iO.
More money was paid for him than any bare
on e_rth.
Arrived from England April 16, ISOO.
— Special announcement. —
We will on January i. 1801. pay the sum of
1 $'.00 in gold coin for the beet specimen sired
; by our WANTAGE FOX from any doe bred
to him after April 24. 1900; competitors for
this prize to select the Judges.
Further particulars can be obtained at our
office NEPTUNE GARDENS. ALAMEDA.
lgl|,ned) CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE
ASSOCIATION.
Next on the list Is England's latest cham-
pion buck,
CHAMPION DUKE OF CHESHIRE. .Fee $50
Winner of 13 first prizes and gold medal In
England.
Mom richly colored animal ever brought to
America.
DASH PRINCE (Imported); score Fee $25
Sen of CHAMPION DASH and winner of
Special prize In Encland.
RARISI (imported) Fee $2o
Sire. COOK OF THE NORTH, most perfect
anin-.al in shap* and form ever imported.
PIKE CF TECK (imported) Fee $20
MARQUIS OF LORNE Fee $20
EARL BANBURY Fee $20
hire. LORD BANBURY; dam, LADY
ROSEWIN.
, DUKE OK BELMONT Fee $15
Famous Yukon strain.
SIR FREDERICK Fee $10
Son of Rochedale.
SIR ROBERT fee $10
Son of Lorti Britain.
And 8,-, me 40 others of equally famous strains.
Call and see our magnificent collection of
IMPORTED DOK.S and HIGH-BRED DO-
MESTIC ANIMALS.
No matter what grade or strain of animal
you desire, we i-p.n fill your order at prices
that will be satisfactory-
Our Rabbltry :s lrx.ateil at Webster-street
f-tailon. on the narrow-gauge railway, Ala-
meda.
If you take the broad gauge, get off at Mas-
tick 'station.
Alameda electric cars run within one block.
Open from 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. every day. In-
cluding Sundays.
GEORGE A. YOUNG, Manager.
LORD EDINBORO (imp); fee $25
LORD EDINBORO (Imp.); fee $25
LOUD KI'INBORO (imp.); f»e $::. |
LOUD EDINBORO (imp.); fee i2o j
LORD EDINBORO (imp.); f<>e $25
LORD EDINBORO (imp.); fee |2j
DUKE OF CLARENCE (Imp.); fee $15
M"KE OF CLARENCE (imp.); fee $15
DUKE OF CLARENCE (imp.); fee $15
DUKE OF CLARENCE limp.); fee $15
SIXTEEN TO ONE (Imp.): fee $10
SIXTEEN TO ONE (Ira?.); fee $10
We have over twenty-five of the flneFt bucks
in the State In our stud, healed by the above
grand trio.
Does cf the be?t Imported and domestic ¦
striiinc. bred to them, for sale at lew prices. ;
Greatest number ct fine Belgians to select
from on the coaet.
Have over GO I .' mature animals on han4 now. :
Crackajack youngsters for sale now, by
EDINBORO. DI"KE OF CLARENCE, SIX- !
TEEN TO ONE I»ind-m Surprise: out of such I
d.*B as QUEEN CF LONDON. JANE SEY- j
MOT-R. LADY OLOA. EMPRESS MATILDA.
QUEEN HENRIETTA and ten others, all of '¦
which score over &4'».
If In want of the best you must 6ee these.
6AN FRANCISCO BELGIAN HARE CO.
SAM C. HAMMOND, Manager. •
Visitors welcome. Ot*n dally until 9p. m. i
Rabbitry— lols Shotwell street.
Office— Spreckels Market.
THE AMERICAN RAT.TMTRY.
\V. R SINK JR.. Proprietor.
Importers and bree^f-t s of pedigreed Belgian
Hares.
NOTE THESE PRICES:
To make room in our hutches for a large ship-
ment f-f fancy exhibition Ftock we are selling
the following hares at prices quoted: ,
Sir IJanbury flees; 4 months old; beautiful j
color and fine shape; $10.
Nonpareil strain 7-months-old does; already ;
bred: fine color; beautiful ticking; splendid j
length of body; $16.
Bucks by Lord Clethorp" (half brother to
! Champion Fat-hnda); 4 months old; beautiful '
color, great length of body, nice heads, etc.;
tio.
Bucks by the great sire Ambrose; great
lenirth of body, fine color; really grand speci-
mens; $20.
Ten i>er cent discount on orders of three.
All stock rained outdoors; (fuaranteed
healthy and much lep« susceptible to draughts i
and atmosj.hrric changes than haxea raised in- '
doors or In Sr._thern California.
We have nothing to hide; we 6how our stock i
in the daylight.
Visitors- invited. Call and see the magnifi-
cent young bucks
BANNOCKBURN
and
BEATT EDINBOHO
And the most beautiful imported doe In
America,
PRINCESS XENIA.
Stock by all the champxn*. Correspondence
solicited; satisfaction guaranteed.
Park aye., Emeryville. 1 block from Oakland
ra<~»track and San Pablo-avenue cars.
Phone Black 1312.
XI NG FASHODA.
King Fashoda. son of Champion Fashoda,
winner of 12 first prizes at the Crystal Palace
show. Breed your does to King Fash6da if
ycu want blue blood cheap, fee $13, for a short
time only, or buy a good doe already bred to '.
him for $3".. I am receiving shipments every
few rieys 'rom my rabbltry In Los Angeles. I
ran «=>*ll —ood does cheap; come anl see me be- I
fere you buy. ORANGE GROVE RABBITRY, ;
College Hall, cor 12th and Harrison, Oakland.
ATTENTION! ATTENTION!
SUNNYPIDE RABBITRY, '
552 Broadway. Oakland.
Is the home of
SENATOR DASH.
He has marvelous color, shape and style;
service fee for the present. Jl5. Btock of" all '
egfs constantly arrfvlnf:; will give a special
barr-'n in fine does for a few days. Call I
and see them. i
BOES Rabbltry. 3515 Howe St., Oakland— Thor-
oughbred Belgian hares, breeding does; young-
sters for sale from the following strains; Yu-
kon. Lord Rochdale, Klondike Nugget and
Red Sovereign; British Klnir at service; vls-
ltcrs welcome; take Mountain View cars.
COLORADO RABBITRY, 609 East Twenty-
nlnth et., Los Angeles— The following week
we offer _ood values In 6-months Banbury
does and bucks (score 92 and up), by Mrs. A
M. Bush; also 6 Leopold does; mature. Write
for price.
$S— THOROUGHBRED BELGIAN HARES— $5
We offer for quick sale a shipment of Lord
Britain strain at $5 each, $10 pair; other
strains from $5 up. KENWOOD RABBITRY,
t3B Fourteenth St., Oakland, adjoining City
Hall. ,
HIGH-GRADE Belgians— Our hutches contain
blood from the best strains of America-bred
and Imported hares; our priceß on mlidllng-
rrade stock cannot be beaten. The FASHODA
JR. RABUITRY. 1703 New England St.. Los
Angeles.
SOUTH PIDE RABBIT FARM
Keeps constantly on hand from 1500 to 1400
; Belgians; all colors and sizes: heavyweights a
! specialty: correspondence solicited. Address
i 875 East Forty-eighth St.. Los Angeles.
FOR SALE— Fine pedigreed Belgians; does
bred and unbred; bred to Fashoda and Yukon
stock; alto Sir Dash. Yukon; other youngsters.
Address CALIFORNIA RABBITRY. Main
ar.d Thirty-first sts.. Los Angeles.
MILWAUKEE Rabbltry. Rose aye., nursery.
Mills College P. O.— Standard Belgian hares,
both young and breeding does and bucks;
prices reasonable. T. G. ARMSTRONG, prop.
BELGIAN HARES.
BELGIAN HARE LUNCH.
THE PACIFIC BELGIAN HARE CO.,
E. B. CAMPBELL & CO.
On Saturday. May 5. will open business at
their new headquarters with a sale commenc-
ing at 9 a. m.. which will consist of some
choice stock, both fancy and heavyweight
Does,' bred and unbred, and does with litters.
Our Mr. Campbell has been In Los Angeles,
arranging a second carload of Belgians for
this sale from our model rabbltry. Isote a
few of our^aders^ Em?JBOROi
Only Imported buck holding first-prize cer-
tificate at exhibition held at Los Angeles.
ENGLISH SURPRISE; YOUNG FASHODA;
LORD BRITAIN JR.; SIR STYLES JR.;
BANBURY CHIEF.
Remember that we are not sell ng out and
retiring, but remain behind all sales.
Headquarters formerly at 713 East Twelfth
st. Oakland; now removed to N. v\. corner
Blossom st. and Frultvale aye.. IruitVale.
Take broad-gauge and etreet cars and trans-
fer to Fruitvale-arenue cars. •
Lunch served free. ____________________
LAUREL DELL RABBITRY.
Agency of the Meadow Brook Belgian Hare
Company of Los Angeles, Cal.'
At stud:
Gold Britain; score 95 Fee $10
Liverpool II (son of Lord Liverpool) $5
Oro Fino (Klondike Nugget) $5
High-bred, pedigreed bucks and does, all the
popular strains, $10 up.
Does with litters. Full line of Rabbltry
Supplies.
Bend 2c stamp for our book on The Belgian.
H. E. PYBURN & CO.,
735 Market St.. San Francisco.
BLUE RIBBON RABBITRY, 604 West Twenty-
seventh st., Los Angeles, Cal.— We offer for
the first time several of the handsomest does
of the Lord Britain. Dexter and Sir Styles
strains ever shipped from Los Angeles; only
a few for sale; if you want them write at
once for price and particulars. Also several
choice Lord Britain and Dexter bucks.
Extra choice does, bred to Lord Yukon or
Lord Salisbury. $15 each.
Good, well-colored does, bred to Duke of
York (.score 94). $10 each.
Choice breeding docs, bred to bucks scoring
not less than 92, $7 50 each.
AT F. E~ MASON'S. 1710 Everett St.. Ala-
meda— "LOßD ESSEX," imported, fee $20:
"Teddy Roosevelt," winner first prize Los
Angeles, fee $15: "Dandy Styles." own son
of "Sir Styles." fee $15: "Britain Prince."
own son ol "Lord Britain" and "Avalanche,"
fee $15; "General Washington" (heavyweight),
son of "Star Buck." fee $10; does bred to
these bucks from $13 up; closed Sundays.
THE largest and best-equipped rabbitry north
of Los Angeles; Imported Belgian hares;
wholesale and retail; fashionable strains of
imported bucks nnd does always on hand;
nurse does; a full line of rabbltry supplies.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.,
608-611 Golden Gate aye., S. F. ; tel. South
C5l. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
AT a eacrlflce— About 20 does and 2 bucks; a
chance to secure a grand start on a small
capital. OAKLAND RABBITRY. 468 Oakland
aye., Oakland.
BELGIAN hare fanciers are invited to attend
a meeting to be held at Excelsior Hall. 102
O'Karrell ft.. Foresters' building, on Mon-
day. April 3n, at S p. m. . for the purpose of
forming: a Bele ; an Hare Club.
BAM C. HAMMOND. President Pro Tern.
D. C. BOLE, Secretary Pro Tern.
LORD FASHODA CHIEF (copyrighted) Im-
ported, fre $25 : Yukon Prize, fee $10. and other
fine- bucks at Ptud. Lady Lunt. winner of
firpt iTize at Itrldllngton, England; and the
choicest strains c.f Belgians, at the Eureka
Rabbltry. 1816 A Turk st., San Francisco. DR.
S. R. JACOBS. Prop.
BEAUTIFUL Fashoda buck PREMIER at
ptud; fee JIB.
Banbury l.v.rk at stud. FASHION; fee $5.
Ivaohoe Yukon buck FALCON: fee $5.
Literature, medicines and supplies.
MARKET-ST. UAIIBITRY, IFS2 Market St.
WILLIAM C. BENTHAM. Prop.
COLUMBIA RABBITRY-High-class Belgian
hares; clmlr" ctock from priz?-winn!ng strains
for Bale nt all times: prices right: correspond-
ence solicited. 15f,5 West Twenty-first st, Los
Angeles. Cal.
RFDFOOT RABUITRY— Choire Sir Styles, Yu-
krn. Banbury. Klondike Nugget. Roil Rover,
Puke of Auckland and other?: fine does, ready
to litter; crack young bucks. Seventh und
Clay sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION— TREMONT BELGIAN HARE
CO.. 2134 Fi'.lmore St.. San Franrisco, Cal
Pend 6 cents In stamps for book on care and
fer-ding The cheapest and best treatise on
the subject.
RELOIAN hares— Fancy Ff>ck on palp; bred
and unbred 6vfg frr.m $10 to $10f> ; young pe.ll-
Kreed Ftnrk on sale at reasonable prices; cor-
respondence solicited. Pajaro Valley Rab-
bltry. P. O. drawer IX Watannvllle. Cal.
,VX> HEAD finf-M prdipree^ r,elp!an har.-s In
Ptate: acclimated to Central California; docs
brpi to bucks scoring 9fi; start right; booklet
and descriptive Ust free. BRITAIN RAB-
BITRY. Watsonvllle, Cal.
PEDIGREED does for salo; bucks— Richard
111. service $10; pe.Htrreed younßsters. $2 60
up: lot fine {.fork Just received, l'al.nce Rab-
bitry. 1134 Ea«t Twelfth Ft.. East Oakland.
ROPEMONT Rabbltry. 3S Maple court, off l«th
Et., above Guerrero — Breeding docs $12 Ml up;
younpytTs $4 up; large stock; finest strains.
PKnirjßF.F.n rloe? with litters and young does.
$2 up: «>xpre!>sa-« puM. W. K. ADAMS. 742
Prutii Man ft.. Lop Ancreles. Cal.
MASroT FtAHBITRY. 427 Putter St.. S. F. Fine
ff-dlgreed Mock guaranteed; at reasonable
prlres: renlco. $15 and $?5.
FLEMISH ginnts and Australian lop ears.
Address ROUT. A. FATJO. Santa Clara.. Cal.
PnpiOnEED Belrian hares 2 months old $5
per pair. ROUT. A. FATJO. Santa Clara. Cal. |
THE Enctnal Ra'nbltry. HafMt & Hew. 1222
Or.-'id st.. AlaniPila.; correspond, solicited.
muniiiNii nut 1 iiii.dkkv.
YOUNG couple would like to take charge little
pirl as companion to their- daughter. 41 Ju-
lian aye., near Fourteenth.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; gaod
home. 2178 Perry st.
BOARD for one or two children In German
family; sunny yard. 439 Minna st.
GOOD home for a child, with German widow.
I 1?I 1 ? IHrkiry avo., near Ormen.
lli'OKS — MSW AND OLD.
VJ^_^__ J _^_^_ SJ , _. J ,_^ ttvJ _ v , _-^_^_— _,-___,
ECHOOL ROOKS bought snd^~exchangedT
I- - . r v- .'- -11 <Nf<,.'-- «, -„,„ Third.
IHIU 1 \.\tt hHUiii KAUGAI.\S.
BARGAINS Iri~ladTeT and~chlidren's shoes;
drummers' ramples st manufacturer's cost.
J Kf'TM PF'-vfr u t, ypurth B t.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A CANDY store, near Market; cause, death"
COWING & CO.. 713 Market. St.
A HOME kitchen and dellcaclei! store; re-
ceipts $15 day. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
A— BUTCHER shop, near Call bldg.; bargain,
COWING &. CO.. 719 Market st.
A — BOARDING and roomlnK-house north Mar-
ket: a snap. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
A— RESTAURANT, near Market; great sacrl-
fice this day. COWING & CO., 719 Market.
A SALOON on Market; fine location; must sac- I
rlfice. COWING & CO.. 719 Market at. ¦ I
A GROCERY and bar, near Market St.: fine
corner place. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A CANDY and Icecream parlor; Market St.; a
snap. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
$1600— NEWSPAPER route; leading morning
paper will pay about $76 per month. Foi
particulars see McLAUGHLIN & CO., 777V4
Market st.
JRijO— BARBER shop: 4 chairs; well established-
bargain. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 777H Market.
$800— BAKERY; bargain; disagreement of -part-
ners cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN it CO.,
777H Market st.
THE RELIABLE HIRSUTTNE CO.
MRS. E. R. DUNLAP, late partner of T. O.
Carpenter, desires to thank her many
friends for their patronage, and still solicits
same, as she will treat them square, giving ;
value received by way of curing applicants of
all scalp and hair troubles; no swindling
half-Interest to sell; beware of so-called
fakers; State agent for Lewis Chemical Co.'s
Luxurlol, bust developer; all my specialties
guaranteed. Address with stamp, E. ¦ R 1
DUNLAP. 6 Eddy St., 8. F. Cal.. parlors 73 j
and 74. |
FOR sale In Alameda— An old established candy
and confectionery store, with all utensils for
candy and cake making; good ; trade; low
rent; party must leave for different climate
under doctor's order. Address W. DUFOUR
P. O. box 1124, Alameda, Cal.
FOP Sale— Owing to a sudden death In the '
family will have to go East. I offer my new
stcck of millinery goods for sale. For fur- •
ther reference inquire of any wholesaler In !
Ban Francisco. MISS S. ESCHER, Salinas '
Cal.
A SNAP— A good-paying thoroughbred poultry
and Belgian hare business for sale for value •
of stock and fixtures; owner going to Nome-
fine location. Address box 2763. Call office
Oakland. .
FOR Sale— General merchandise stock; well
established; one hour from San Francisco* j
full Investigation Invited; best reasons for
selling. Address Q. M. 8., Call Branch. Okld.
FOR sale dirt cheap— Grocery store, saloon and
also furniture for a 15-room house. Apply O
K. DOAN. 1318 Grove St. '
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
SOME GOOD SENSIBLE ADVICE.
We have on our list some baricalns rare.
And In our dealings we are fair;
Saloons and restaurants of every size.
For sale, In The Call we advertise.
So If In business you wish to go
In seeing us do not be slow.
The number Is Market, seven five nine.
So come up early and fall in line.
If you wish to sell or wish to buy,
When you mean business, us do try.
We are not here iußt for our health.
But, like our patrons are gaining wealth.
You don't risk life, nor pay biff fare
To come, and In our profits share.
80 don't risk life In going to Nome.
Invest In business and stay at home.
REMEMBER MARKET 759.
Don't fall to call on us in time. ____
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy, sell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEGLADDERY, 759 Market st.
FOR sale— l6o acres of pasture and rolling land,
near Reddine; bargain at $5 an acre. Call
BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY, 709
Market st.
A— $350— PARTNER wanted; must be steady,
reliable man, satisfied with $18 to $20 a week;
no night or Sunday work; trial given before
buying. Apply at 9 Geary St., room 2.
A— S2OO— HOME bakery for sale; a bargain.
Apply 9 Geary St., room 2^
$800— FINE carriage and wagon factory; a bar-
galn; must leave city. JONES A CO.. 860 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS saloon and lodging-house, fur-
nished, for rent; within one block of Powell
and Eddy. Apply to DONNELLY & BRAN-
NAN', wholesale liquor dealers, 1069 Mission.
$10,000 TO $20,000 wanted; corporation; monop-
oly: manufacturing product of universal use;
rare chance for amount of investment; princi-
pals only. Address X. X. X., box 3445, Call.
DO you want good paying dairy depot, clear-
Ing more than $2 per day? some delivery: on
account of departure; no reasonable offer
refused. Address J., box IS3I. Call office.
COMPANIES organized and financed: guar-
anty bonds furnished securing investors in
stock against loss: be up to date and get your
company "going." Box 1814. Call office.
WANTED— A man with a reasonable amount
of money to Invest In Cape Nome; no chance
of loss; a fortune assured. Box 1863, Call
office.
GOOD chance to rent running bakery, with
tools and wagon route; 2 barrels per day; ac-
count, retiring from business. Box 1837. Call.
DINING-ROOM and kitchen with a paying pat-
ronage; well turn.; will be sold reasonably
this week. Call at d l n lng-room. 122H Turk st.
A CAPABLE business person wants a partner
with $2000 cash; good opportunity; good secur-
ity; principals only. Box 4550, Call office.
A— WANTED; middle-aged lady with some
money as partner in business at Cape Nome.
F. J. DECKER. 724 Market St.
HORSESHOEING business for sale; also horse,
cart, surrey and harness. Apply at 1223
Franklin Bt., Oakland.
PERSONS capable of Interesting capital re-
quested to call room 13, seventh floor, Mills
building.
NEW cigar stand for rent: cheap; southeast
corner Third and Townsend, opposite R. R.
depot.
NOT a living only, but a competence on
Kearny st. ; $1350. Box 1536, Call office.
FOR sale— Handsome furniture of a family ho-
tel in full running order. 728 Sutter st.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; fine fix-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth st.
FOR Sale— Oyster and chop house; 268 Hayes
street; cheap; other business.
FOR sale— Delicacy store; srood location. 60Q4
Post st. ' ¦ ;
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and j
copper shop: also stpel ranee: dolnjr good I
business: established 14 yeurs. 411 Vi Callfor- j
nla St.. EUGENE ROBIN ET. j
RESTAURANT for sale cheap: rent and water
$15: price $250: owner other business. Inquire
at grocery store, 1282 MiFsicn sv j
STATIONERY, branch bakery, candles, cigars
and laundry in connection. 1559 Market st.
BICYCLE repair shop, sundries, tools and
wheels; $100; golr.s to Nome. 1454 Mnrket ft.
SALOON cheap: located In the Potrero. Apply
on premises, 1543 Kentucky st.
S-..TIONERY, school supplies; clean, new
stock: JICOO. Box JS2O, Cull offlce :
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store cheap. 203
Twelfth st.
TO lease— Old established brewery: fitted up for
Immediate operation. 217 Sacramento st.. San
Francisco.
1 $300 CASH— Double Express, and business; es-
tablished IS years, with good paying hauling.
Address box ISO:.. Call.
FOR sale— Old-established drug store In North-
ern 'California town of 6500; no better drug
town in State: invoice about $5000: will sell 25
per cent below Invoice; reason for selling satis-
factory; business very Drofltable. Address
box 2153, Call.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property: a weU-stnrkedT modern, paying |
rims store in a cood mining town; cash trade.
Call at 720 O" Farrell ft., city.
SALOON for sale cheap. 172 Fourth st.
BARBER shop for rent: completely furnished;
2 chairs: Ion? established business; pood lo-
cation on Third st.: rent complete, $22. In-
quire V/M. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call
bid.-.
$225— CIGAR stand near Market St.. with spare
room; lew rent and laundry. Address box
SEO, Call office.
BAKERY store. 1105 Howard St.; 4 rooms; large
oven and tools to let low; location excellent.
BARBER shop; (rood business; 3 living rooms
In rear. 1220 Market St.. Oakland.
GOOD paying saloon and cafe for sale; cheap;
rent J2O. Box 3332, Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ' .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
22-ROOM CORNER
TRANSIENT HOUSE.
CLEARS $:00 PER MONTH.
PRICE $1050 IF SOLD MONDAY.
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
18-ROOM house at your own price. Apply to
DECKER. 1020 Market St.
100 rooms; rent $50: clears $200 $1.V)O
IS rooms; on Third st 230
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash..... 2000
S-room fiat; new; elegant 250
IS rooms; on one floor; near Call office... 650
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 400
25 ror«ms; on Market St.; worth $1200 800
10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 450
86 rooms; on Market St.; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN 81.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
36 rooms, 5 blks. N. Mkt.; 23 boarders.... sl6oo
48 rooms; clears $140 a month $2500
SO rooms; N. Mkt.; rent $90; bargain $1200
10 rooms; S. Mkt.; rent $20; full $150
11 rooms. 4 blks. N. Mkt.; rent $50 $600
6 of IS r. ; $550. $400. $1100, $1000. $1400, $500.
SELECTED list of good houses: 10 to 100 rooms;
prices to suit all; money loaned buyers at 2
per cent. SCHWEINHARD & CO., 917 Market
St., rooms 1 and 2.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE north Market: best bar-
gain In city. COWING & CO., 719 Market st.
10 ROOMS; nice fur.; rent $30; Larkln St., near
Geary; price $275. C. P. DAVIS. 916 Mkt.. r. 69.
BARGAIN— 9-room lodging-houße; central lo-
cation; all occupied; good furniture; rent low;
clearing $32 above rent; will sell for $300. Call
between 11 a. m. and 7 p. m., 743 Howard st.
$275— ELEGANTLY furnished: 8 rooms: bath!
yard: full roomers; great bargain. 913 Howard.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work _ driving .horses. 15th A Valencia.
BELLING out, half cost, 100 sets harness. 200
waconi. 1140 Folsom st.. near Eighth.
CAI'E i>O3IK.
FOR SALE.
The steamer Cella; a good steamer for Cap*
Nome business: Just off the ways at Hay &
Wright's shipyard, Alameda; length UJ feet,'
beam 29 feet, gross tonnage 281.46. W. H.
HIGH. NW. corner of Broadway and Twelfth
st.. Oakland. Cal.
"PARTIES wishing to obtain stock In the
Alaska and Cape Nome Company, or Informa-
tion regarding same, can apply to W. E.
BARNARD, secretary, Examiner building, 8.
F., room 202, or 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
ROUND trip to Nome and York, a home while
there; an Interest In a schooner: superior
prospecting and mining advantages, for $250.
Inquire . of LETCHER, 403 Montgomery st,,
room 5. .
A FEW first and second class tickets for Cape
Nome; call at once: sailing May 80: S. F. to
Nome In 10 days. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market
st., room 8.
ONE room, 6 berths, ladles' room: 6 berths,
Rents; center steamer Tacoma; May 21: $100;
baggage and freight $40. Call on MRS. 11.,
1302 Twelfth aye., East Oakland.
CAPE NOME and all points In Alaska. For
freight or passage, call or write C. F.
MOORE, 935 Market St., room 6. -''
THE Bllckensderfer Typewriter Is especially
adapted; durable, portable, reliable, practical;
'$40. 117 Eutter st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'B Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. B. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 Hth st.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 894. QEO. WALCOM, proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gwte aye.: telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^TENTib^"rrrr^™....Tr.Trrr7r^?EMovED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
The World's Me st Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradl*
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed,
To the Sick Especially •
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin ! diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mail is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
GO to Watson, "only natural" palmist and oc-
cult medium: the luckiest and truest on the
coast; readings 25e. 15S1 Market st., near
Twelfth: specimens, mall. 50c.
MRS. BAILEY, circle 8 p. m.. 10c; readings 25c
and up. 1204 Flllmore st.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th; clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MRS. ELLIS, business and prophetic medium;
sittings. $1; clr. Frl.. 2 p.m.. 25c. 233 Valencia.
MRS. J.J.WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life render: x'ftlne. __ 11A4 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. CLARK, — ™—
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
I
May be consulted on all affairs of life: while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you how to overcome your ene-
mies; remove family troubles; restore lost
affections; unite the senarated: recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your entire life, while In a perfect trance;
satisfaction (tuaranteed by mall.
. Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st.. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. • ally.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tell* past,
future; never falls; has the treatest Esyi ; .an
Becret: shows picture future husb.' nd or w fe:
fee 2ne and up: satisfaction to everybody, ti^s 1
on races. 11S7 Market st.. bet. 7th and Sth
GO to WATSON, "occult medium and palm- |
Ist," the luckiest on the coast; readings. 23c. I
15S1 Market si., near Twelfth; advices by
mall, $1.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice tn difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St., near Larkln.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 92lhi Mission, op.Mlnt.
MRS. DR. WEST, business, teat medium: re-
furned: magnetic treatment. 12C6 Mkt., r. 15.
MME HANSON*— Palmistry: card reader; past,
; present, future, 25c. 14S Sixth st, room 12.
MJ.IE. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1143 Mlsston.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt.. original
gypsy life reader; readings 25c: no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; test
reading this week, 50c. 126 O'Farrell st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212U Sixth Bt.
MME. VERLEIN. life and card reader; busi-
ness advice. R27H Post st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. PYHILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
bpnd's picture. !. r .r: lndle*. *»14 O'FsrreH ?t.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
' leys successful, rtnom 310 027 Mark»t st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE 4 rooms; large yard; next to Doug-
lass School. 214 Colllngwood st., between
Nineteenth and Twentieth.
COTTAGE and stable to let; four rooms. 2524
Harrison: $13.
COTTAGE i rooms and bath; fine view; rent
$35. 1323 Washington St., near Jones.
$20 — COTTAGE; 2 bay-windows; B rooms, bath,
yard, basement. Call 1222 Valencia St., near
Twenty-fourth. .
$8 PER month— 4-room eunny cottage and base-
ment. 171 Collins St.. near Geary-st. cars.
$10— COTTAGE; 3 sunny rooms; yard. 134 Rose
aye.. between Gotigli and Octavla.
COTTAGES FI'RMSnED.
4-ROOM sunny cottage, complete for house-
keeplng; reasonable. 3314 23il st.. nr. Sanchez.
¦ ¦ ;
i>_.vrivrs.
A— DR. T. S. lIIGGINS'' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract- j
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied j
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 CO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5: a
full set of teeth on a gold p!ate. $25: teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work pur
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years, fillings. 50c: crowns. $3 50: all work 1
painless nnd warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL I
PARLOK3, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 fiO up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
, DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts ar.d tills teeth painlessly ky his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizos; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; gold crown-. $3: new
methods In bridge rrork: fillings, fcold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 50c; gaa ittve-..
New York Dental Parlors, 963 Mlsslon,cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Hth— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; filling.. 25c.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext., crowns, bridge work; open Bund, till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third St.: crow-.
Jjrldre.work; ext. painless; full set teeth $7.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. ISU Polk st.
. ' DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BU7*ARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine. 7sc; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogs boarded. Tel. Wcßt 636.
DUIiSSMAKEUS A.MJ Si^AiUS i M.i_Ss__
FASHIONABLE Suit Parlor— Suit, made to
order on short notice; perfect fit guaranteed;
men and women tailors; now ts the time to
da your summer sewing; sewing lessons $1
?, c , r , week - 8 - F< Ladte -' Tailoring College,
411 Van Ness aye.
MCDOWELL'S Is the place to learn practical
dressmaking: late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles" Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary st. ; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect rit.
AN experienced misses' and chlldrens' dress-
maker; latest stylea; 50c up. Box 4533, Call.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL..
SHORTHAND— lndividual instruction elch
evening by J. WILLARD SMITH, expert
stenographer, 1720 Market St.; highest speed
known accomplished by Isaac Pitman sys-
tem (the Inventor of phonography); rates $5
per month; by mall $4; another class May 1.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8 F —
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
' EDUCATIONAL.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
, Business University; arranged In departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market st.. San Francisco^
AYRES', the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing: Uto
scholarship, $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BU3I-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; est. 1564.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher.
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
ADULTS and children taught English branches;
Individual Instruction; day and eve. 334 Hyde.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bid?.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. lOCS Mission; violin, guitar.
ESPINA. Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
KMrLOVMKAT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off, O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st. : telephone Bush 135.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help furn.: tel. John 2121. 80«H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411 V. O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 428.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
Best help. 417 Powell st.. telephone Clay 88.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nesr. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
A WEFK'S news for 6 cents The Weekly Call.
II pages. In wrapper, for mnlllnr. <1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — FEMALE.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. Tel. South 279.
Emma Spreckels' Bldg., »27 Market st.. rooms
201. 202, 203; Oakland office, 10034 Broadway.
"Phone Brush 821— If you want a stenographer,
cashier, bookkeeper, saleslady, domestic, phone
or send order; all help furnished free^
HOUSEKEEPER, managing, hotel, board In g-
house, lodging-house; ref.: city, country; first
class. BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. »27 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation;
also Norwegian cook, second girls and a num-
ber of housework girls await situations; city
or country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as second
girl or housework In a small family; refer-
ences. MISS CUIXEN. 325 Sutter st.
A GERMAN woman wishes to do washing and
cleaning or plain sewing and mending by the
day. 4G9A Minna st.
A WOMAN with a child wants a position as;
J housekeeper; either city or country; object, 1
j good home. 124 O'Farrell st.
j NEAT, reliable American woman, elderly,
wishes situation as housekeeper; good eco-
nomical cook; kind to children; has good ref-
erences; wages $12 a month. Box 1539, Call, j
GERMAN lady wants family washing by the \
week: work at home. 2334 Greenwich St.,
near Pierce; telephone Baker 118 S.
STRONG woman wants work by the day;
washlrg, house-cleaning, etc.; wages 11. Ap-
ply 212 Clara st.. rear.
LADY wishes a altuatirm to do family sewing
by the day. Call at 11 Essex st.
AGED or Invalid, etc.— Educated, versatile
English woman offers services as attendant or
housekeeper; absolutely trustworthy ; kind;
musical; likrs animals; careful driver. Box
lsS3. Call office.
YOUNG widow from the East wants work by
the day or week. Call or address 74* Folsom.
COMPETENT North German nur?e seeks po-
sition to go to Europe with a family: Is us*d
to traveling; best city reference. Address F.
F., 1516 Pacific aye.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes a position
as housekeeper, either city or country. 801
Jefferson St., Oakland.
A GERMAN woman wishes to work by the
day washing, irunlng and tnusecleanlng; Is
a good laundress. 731 Minna st.
DRESSMAKER from the East; flrst-cla*s cut-
ter and fitter: go out by day; make a -ult In
one day. 1532 Polk st.
A YOUNG woman with a good education. In
quick at figures and penmanship, wishes a sit-
uation as bill clerk In a wholesale or retail
house; references. Box IS3B, Call office.
COOK— Competent person wants place; willing
to assist In general houseworK tn small fam-
ily. 2415 Clay St., near Flllmore.
MAN and wife want work In the country on
a ranch. Call at &03 Pacific St.. above Stock-
ton.
WOMAN wishes to do either house cleaning or
washing. SOS Natoma ht., near Howard.
RESPECTABLE "middle-aged woman wants po- I
Pltton as housekeeper In city or country. Ad-
dress box 1«16, Call office.
WANTED— A position as housekeeper by one
thoroughly competent: city or country; please
state waxes. Box 1535. Call. 1
TRUSTWORTHY woman, good cook, would as-
sist with washing; city or country: postals
answered If .carfare paid. 5 Ewlng place,
off Lacuna, between Post and Sutter.
NEAT, reliable American woman, elderly,
wl.-hrf situation as housekeeper; good eco-
nomical cook; kind to children: has good ref-
erences, wages $12 a month. 230 Minna st.
A YOUNG German girl wishes a position to do
I general housework; no postals; speaks French.
I 711 Mission st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission ht.. room 1.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to tak« car* of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europ*.
Apply or address 215 Union st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman; light house-
work. 4232 Twenty-fifth st.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: xoud reference. 60S Franklin st.
I WANTED — A lady wants a partner in a well-
established business; will bear Investigation.
626 I st.. Sacramento. Cal.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $160 night; $150 to t
w»ek. convenient and respectable; free "bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsemente and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lencla st
EMPLOYMK.Vr W ANTIC O MALE.
A— BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB, 'phone South
279 Emma Spreckels building. S!7 Market st..
rooms 201. 202. 203.
OAKLAND office, 1003H Broadway; 'phone
Brush S2l.
We can furnish competent cooks, waiters,
other restaurant and hotel help. FREE OF*
CHARGE. "
RESPECTABLE gentleman of good address, 43
years of age. best reference, would like a po-
sition as traveling companion with an old
gentleman. Address box 3442. Call office.
GARDENER. German, wishes position; refer-
ences from home and abroad. Address R. 8..
box IE3O. Call office. *
OLD gentleman and wife want to go Into th«
country to take care of small place: wife good
cook, man understands taking care of stock,
understands massage: city reference. Ad-
dress box 4574. Call office.
YOUNG man of good appearance and habits
would like a position as nurse or attendant;
Call at 2435 Folsom st.
MAN wishes to take charge of cattle or horses
for fare East. Box 1811, Call office.
WANTED— A position as bookkeeper by a
young man who has had < years' experience
with one of the largest firms In the East.
C. L. HAGAN. 217 Pest St.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wishes situation, care
of horses and garden; can milk; good refer-
ences. Address box IS4I, Call office.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busi-
ness In all branches. Is trustworthy and reli-
able, desires situation In private family; ref-
erences. C. S., 1022 Jackson st.
WANTED— Position as Janltsr. watchman or
any kind of work around house: can give
good references; aged 26. Box 1860, Call.
YOUNG man. Inexperienced, desires position to
learn to tend tar; references: work first month
for board. A. SPECK. 618 Gough st.
COMPETENT gardener wants work In Jobbing
gardening. Address E. WAGNER. 570 Mission.
TEAMSTER would like lumber, freight or
quarts team to drive In northern or middle
part of State. Box 1327. Call.
YOUNG business man. 12 years' experience In
retail grocery business, desires position as
manager, salesman or solicitor. Box 4CJ4. Call.
SITUATION by competent woodworker on gen-
eral work. Address box 1822. Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation as a laboratory
man In dental office. Box 1826. Call office.
YOUNG Irish Catholic ecclesiastical student,
without means of pursuing his studies, de-
sires position as teacher or tutor or any con-
genial situation. Box 1806, Call office.
E3IPLOYM_;NT WASTED — MALE.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper seeks situation la
office; thorough knowledge of office routine;
exceptional references. 11. _? 623 Fell st..
San Francisco.
MAN and wife would like situation on ranch;
man as general ranch hand, wife as cock.
Address J. H.. 474 Jessie st.
COUNTRY newspaper man. practical ag-
round compositor and pressman, wants posi-
tion; references. W. J.. box ISijB. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wants situation as good
cook In a family. H. 1.. Zl3 Ellis st.
ENGINEER, first-class traction, thrashing of
any kind, would like work. Call or address
Engineer. 2308 Laicur.a st.
GOOD gentlemen garment cutter with much
• experience desires position in city or country.
Address box 4573. Call.
NURSE, graduate of training school, would
like situation. O. A. McKENZIE. til
Minna st.
AN experienced gardener. S3 years of ag-. Gey.
man. has knowledge of few other mechan.-al
trades desires position aa gardener. Janitor
or house agent. K. W. P.. 101 Hartlett gt.
BY active, middle-aged, respectable, educated
man cf family: outside work preferred, refer-
ences for 30 years here and security. Box
4551. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription*
received »t <"-!! branch office. 2200 Killmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1253 Pclk st. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
sub«rrlptlons has been established at lW« Va-
le—eia «t __________——.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLB. German expert optician.
1071H Market st. ; examinations free: German
eyewater by mall. SOf- Phone. Mint 257.
exchange:.
ALAMEDA business block; rents $350; ex-
change or sell: price 136.000; equity $20,000: for
clear Improved property or mercantile bust-
ness at or near San Francisco. Address box
2764. Call office. Oakland.
FLAT* TO UCT.
A— NW. COR. Butter and Scott— Finest flat tn
city for the price; Investigate: « large rooms
and large glazed porch: appreciated If seen.
A— $2O— NEW; every room sunny: 4 rooms, por-
celain bath; marina view. 1421 Green st..
near Van Ness aye. '
A NICE sunny upper fiat: S rooms and bath:
newly papered. 527 Dolores st.. nr 19tt: $14.
A MODERN sunny upper fiat; S rooms: porce-
lain tath; $1«. 1903 McAllister st.. near Park.
AN upper flat of 4 rooms, with large yard and
stables. 2 Hayward St.. near Eighth.
BEST centrally located flats for small famine*:
nice neighborhood: must be seen. Hanover
place, off Sacramento St.. above Powell.
BUSH. I>«2, near Buchanan— Modern sunny
light flat; 8 rooms and r>ath.
CAPP, 774— Sunny Bats. 4 and 5 rooms: all con-
veniences; rent cheap.
ELEGANT sunny flat. 8 rooms and bath. 131»
Pine st.. between Hyde and Larkln.
FELL. 524— Flats of 8 rooms and bath, $13;
also fiats, 4 rooms, no bath. $3.
FILLMORE, 113, rear— Flat of 3 rooms, with
yard.
FIRST. 305, Just above Folsom— Upper cart of
house: 3 rooms; $J.
FULTON. 142— Extra fine modern middle flat;
« rooms: bath; City Hall: fur. or unfurnished.
FULTON. 24225;— Flat 3 rooms. $6; nice garden.
Inquire 810 Mission st.
IF you want to move get printed list fiats to let
from BALDWIN* HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513.— Upper flat: 6 larg" sunny
rooms, bath, gas and laundry; rent $IS.
NICE flat. 6 rooms and bath: only $20; water.
Apply 10 to 4. 707'- 3 McAllister st.
O'FARRELL. 735— Upper flat. 6 sunny rooms:
key 737 O Farrell st. _
SIX-ROOM fiat— TT-ira st.. rent $14: also three
rooms for $3. KREDO & CO.. 3B Qeary st.
SUNNY hard-fln'.s'hed S-room fl^ts: $& and $3.
Apply to H. LCHRKE A SONS. IVtroro.
} SUNNY lower flat; 4 rooms; newly papered:
large basement. 114 Perry st. : $10.
! TO let— Sunny flat of 5 rooms, bath. 31s Capp
street.
TWENTIETH. 3438. near Howard— MMem ran-
! Ny, ft-room upper flat; rent reasonable.
' TWO elegant corner flats of 7 rooms ami bath
each, sun all day; rent very reasonable. 300
and 302 Scott st.. near panhandle.
VALENCIA. 13C6 — Flat. 6 large rooms; sunny
yard; cheap to richt party.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard: base-
ment: rent moderate. 1931. 1935; 1337 O'FarrelL
$B—4 ROOM flat and barn: water free. 327
Hearst aye., gunnyslde.
$7— SMALL upper rear flat. 708 Laskle St., oft
Mission, near Ninth; no children.
$B— FLAT, 887>4 Hayes st.; S room- and bath
and yard; new plumbing.
$18— UPPER flat. S rooms, bath: modern: ma-
rine view; close to cars. 1121 Filbert st.
ri'll.MTl ttli toll SALE.
FOR sale— A choice piece of furniture, mahog-
any secretary: 150 yean old. Apply 317 Lar-
kln St.. room 11.
NEWLY furnished flat, 7 rooms. In 1000 block.
Post 'st. ; must be sold. A. B. SMITH FITR-
NITURE CO.. 118 Ellis St.
PARTLY furn!«hed flat of < rooms: furniture
and carpets In fine condition; price and rent
reasonable. 41 1 Eddy st.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms; cheap: elegant: with
or without upright piano. 733 Guerrero st.
FURNITURE In seven-room Sat; pia*o: no
dealers. Box 3444. Call offlca*
4 ROOM 3 furnished In oak for $4S 60. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 11?7-1131 Market.
FL"ll.\lTLll_ WAITED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furnltura. carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.; telephone Jessie 7t_
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. p*y»
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red X 333.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE^
C. R. HA.VSEN & CO *.. Phone Grant US
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, resort, same place, set party
here; 2 waitresses. Marysvllle, $20; 1 wait-
resses, Fresno, $23: 2 waitresses, Vlsalla, $20;
2 waitresses, Salinas, $20; waitress, Watson-
vllle. $20; waitress. Healdsburg. $20; 2 wait-
resses, city. $25 and $20; 2 restaurant wait-
resses. $7: woman cook. $50; 2 fancy Iron era.
city and country. $30 and found.
FAMILY ORDERS
2 housegirls, Martinez. $20 each, choice
places, ranches near together; nurse, one
child. $20; cook for mine. $25, sea party here;
working housekeeper. $15: 2 second girls. $20
each; housenlrl. Lakeport. $25. see party her*;
houseKlrl. Monterey. $15. fare paid: cook for
mine. $IS. C. R. HAXSES A CO.. 104 Geary.
A NURSE for sanitarium, short distance In
the country: tts and found. C. It. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
A— lo CHAMBERMAIDS to wait at table, city
and country. $20 and $25; chambermaid and
seamstress. $20: nurse. 2 children, for acroaa
the bay. $15: chambermaid, city hotel. JOT;
restaurant waitress. $6 p«r week: second girl.
Belvedere, $20; 4 second girls, city, $20 each;
waitress, private family. $20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
25 girls; general housework: $20 to $30.
2 waitresses: city; good pay.
2 second girls, at once.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S. CLUB. 927 Market St.
WANTED for Seattle— Thoroughly experienced
cloak and suit fitter; also thoroughly experi-
enced saleswoman; liberal salaries and per-
manent positions: city references. D. a JA-
COBS. 220 Sutter st.
WANTED— A girl to do second work: waxes
$15. Apply Monday morning. 2,90 Mission at.
GIRL 14 or 15 years old to help with bouse-
work. Call at 911 Stelner st.
GIRL for light housework: must sleep home.
Call Monday at 130 Twelfth st.
GIRL; general housework: plain cooking- fam-
lly of »; wage» $15 per month. IS26A Sutter.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework: 2 In fam-
ily: no washing. Call 10 to 4 at 1032 Kills st.
NEAT girl, not over 16. to assist with upstairs
work; care of child of 3 years. 171S O'Far-
rell st.
A GOOD dressmaker: business established: no
money required. Address box 1813. Call office.
WASTED- Starch work troner; also e-perl-
enced girl to rub shirts and collars. Stand-
ard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
WANTED-Talloress: steady position. ROOS
BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
A BRIGHT woman looking for a business
. opening; must use good language and dr^j
neatly. Box 1845. Call office.
A REFINED German girl take care of crown
child and sewing. $23. MRS. LA.UBERT. 41$
Powell st
WANTED— A corset and muslin underwear
saleslady. Bo- 1844. Call office.
GlR—i for general housework: cottage; small
- family; wages |_0- 1705 Baker st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
SA* FRA*CISCO CALL.
pr-prNEFS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street-, open
until 12 c' clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— I2I Montgomery street
ecmer Clay; open ur.til »:J0 p. m.
too Hayes street; open until 9:20 p. m.
«I 8 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lflrkin street; open until 9:80 p. m.
JS4I Mission *treet; open until 10 p. m.
ITCJ Market street, corner Elxteenth; open
tntll » p. ra.
1C« Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
ICS6 Valencia street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Uts Pc!k street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
ti-<-k> firfeiF; open u-V.H 9 p. m.
CIILKCII SCKVICES.
TRINITY Church, corner Bush and Gough sts..
Hiv. Frederick \\ . Clamoett. D.D.. rector-
Holy communion. S a. tn,: morning service,
II o'clock; evening prayer. 4 o'clock.
6ECONI> Unitarian Church, corner Caup and
Twentieth st£.. Rev. E. M. S. Hodzin, pas-
tor— ll •_ m. subject. "It is better to hear
the rebuke of the wise than for a man to
hear the eotiK of fools"; music in the morn-
ing Includes soDrano solo, "For All Eter-
nity." with violin cbllgatj (Maseberoni); an-
them quartet. "The Hea>en» Are Declaring
< Heelhover.) ; cello solo, with violin and
I'lano. "Ber-ena4e" (Schubert). At 7:45 p. m..
lecture. "The Elements of Christianity^
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and
Mason fts.— l'.ev. George C Adams, D. D..
pastor, will in-sch at both services; at 11
a. m.. th«?me. "ilo<\ Is a Spirit"; at 7:45 p. m.,
theme. "Follow Me." All are cordially in-
vited.
SEVENTH -DAY Advent.st Church. Hi Laguna <
ft., bet. McAllister and Golden Gate aye.—
Preaching this (Sunday) evening at 7:30 o'clock j
by the paster. Elder J. O. Corliss; subject. .
"The Time of the End, as Shown by the j
Pn rhpt Daniel." A cordial invitation is ex- ]
tended to all; seats free. j
Tin: First Divine Science Church. M. E. I
Cramer, pastor— J^iscurse at 11 a. m. Bub- ;
Ject. "The Lord Increased His Possessions •
Into the Double." t^ri ices every Sunday at
H me CVillr^e. CSC& Seventeenth st., between j
1,'..-Mcn and Val^nria. I
CHURCH of Jesus Christ of Latter-day
£aim»— Services. 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. ra.. -t
I^thian Hall, i'OS Market et.. Sun£:iy. Arril
2i; EUer A. W. lUnan will address the
evening conerecaticn on "The G&si>el." All
are welcome.
riP-FT Church of Christ, Scientist. Central
Hock, !£3 Gutter fit., bt-t. Kearr.y and Grant ,
_ye. — Christian Science Bible lesson at 11 ¦
a. rr.: subject, "Adam and Fallen Man." Sun-
<iay-Rohc.>.i for children at the tame hour.
Wednesday evening meeting at 8 o'clock.
Fri- nailing room, :ci> Kearny «. All wel- j
cc me. j
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and El'.ts
•ts.— MaEs-meetlnt to-day at 3 o'clock, for
men only; practical talk by Secretary McCoy
on "The Vcune Mar. and His Decision."
Feats free; £.«_. i muMc; all young men cor-
dially invited.
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sun Jay ever.me at S o'clock, in Theo-
eorihic Hall, OiM Fellows' building: to-night,
"Amient IVru and Its Mysterious Civilisa-
tion." by Mrs Ula B. Keefer.
MEETINGS SVXDAY.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN (by request of many
Fentleirser.) will »--ive his lecture to Men Only
at Crystal Hall. Pythian Caetle. 90s? Market
et.. this evening at S o'clock. Subject. "Some j
Thlr.ps Every Gentleman Ought to Know." ¦
Profusely Illustrated by splendidly llluminat- [
ed mammoth views from lire, presenting a I
genuine school of instruction for gentlemen
win desire to act in accordance with the pre-
( v|it, -Man Knew Thyself." Seats free. No
collection.
BENJAMIN FAY MILLS speaks at 7:30 p. m..
Metropolitan Temple, on "Between the Ani-
mals ar.<i t!ie Angels"; Mr. AUred Wllkie
Bings; remarks by Hon. James G. Magulre
ar.d P.ev. George R Allen.
AT DR RINP.S' Spiritual Society. M 9 Market—
11 free- 2:i' t; Mrs. Seeley. Yiirars. others;
a callt-d me- tir.p May €. 1 p. m.. of the society j
t" f.'rm a benefit association; Rines, presi- |
der.t; I_ttle. secretary.
SOCIETY cf Progres-lve Spiritualists. Oecl-
d> ma! Hall, i- rner Larkin and McAllister.
Sunday at 7:3" T- — J Mrs. It. S. Lillle. Sub- ;
Ject, "The Righteousness of Our Cause."
A PPIRITI'AL tes-t meeting every Wednesday |
evening. Occidental Hall, SOS Larkln si. ; Dr.
I'a.rker. L'r. Carey. Mrs. Griffin, Mrs. Robin-
son: 10c.
MFFTING of Co-operative Brotherhood. Tues-
day. 117 Ln-kin Ft. "A Glance at Civiliza-
tion." by Mr. Homing. All welcome.
SCuTTISH HaM. IJ7 Larkin: S p. m. ; spirit re-
turn demonstrated ; prominent mediums;
good music.
MRS. WINCHESTER. IGIO Clay: '•Ircie to-
Bleht, S: Tues-day. 2 p. m. ; consultation dally.
FRIENDSHIP Halt. "25 McAllister: tests to-
night: circle ever\- eve.. I>V:. Mrs. C. J. Meyer.
ALL Mivlted— To-night, grand convincing test j
rr.ourx: ArnG'.d-D.ckscn; others. 14S €th. r. L •
tin. Ha'rland'e circ> to-nlsbt: articles read l"c;
true prophetic rradlnrs daily. 136 Sixth st.
JIM!'. YOVXQ'B convincing test circle to-
r.lirht. 6'>r, McAllister St.; come skeptics.
AT Mrs. Eberhardt's Temple of Truth— Spiritual j
messages to-night, l^. 22^0 T2d st.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 EHis et.: seance to-
DlCbt; Wednesday night. S o'clock. j
MRS. MENA FRANCIS. Independent slate
writinc m «-_:um. US Halght -t.
MRS. EOOERT AITKEN. medium ; sittings
daily. l.ft McAllister gt.. flat 1.
MEETINGS — I'nlvemal Brotherhood.
THEOSOPHICAL Society in America. El 9 Mar-
ket st. — I^ecrure to-n!fcht. "Castin- Out !
Devils." by A. f pinks; I. B. L. Tuesday j
nipht; rubjwrt. "Men as Creators." Children's
Lotus group. Sunday, 11 a. m., room 20.
MEETING NOTICES.
THE members of the Past Mas- ,».
ters' Association. F. and A. M-. \JL
are requeued to attend the A^\
funeral <>t our late brother. B 'A
JEROME PPAULDING. P. M.. /X___V
at lUaaloil L-«Jge No. ies. from y_J_*^V_
Masonic Temple. Oakland. «[VA
THIS DAY (SUNDAY). 2!*h fJ /S*AV%
Jnst.. at 1.80 p. ml.m 1. Take 12:30 SQl2___C£*\ '
Lroadfrauire boat. By order of
the pieel<sent.
PETER T. BARCLAY. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. IC9, F7and A. M.— _
< *2icers and member* are hereby no- _#\^
tlfifd t attend the r,:- •r m! f our f!~- lf_K
ceased brother. JEROME SPAULD- < r^r j
ING. P. M.. from Masonic Temple. Oakland, i
TO-DAY «SCNIjAY> at 1:30 j>. tn. Take 12:3) !
broadrauge boat. Hy ord«r of the \v. M.
C. D. BL'NKEK, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lo^Re No. 1. I. O. O. j__lfi__.
F.— lnitiation MONDAY EVEN- __2si?s£_
ING. Arril 30. Visitors welcome.
\VM. TROTTER. N. G. rwsruw
KNIGHTP of the Red IJranch— Pl^- jf
• nic committee will meet MON- . *V_/ qh
¦ PAY EVENING, at K. R. I 9u fZ
Hall, to make arrangements IV; I
iilCnle to be held at Shell Mound •jJ^^fP
Park May 6. , r
CALEDONIAN Club.— Thirty-fourth vr _l
annual Katherine and carries at 2t qSj
Fhell Mound Park, lierk-ley. on XXXST
WEDNESDAY, May 30. corr.iirisinf; !
athletic Kames, feats cf strength, manly
ei>or_p and many exciting events.
PACIFIC Coast Marine Firemen's Union— I
Notice — The rf-t-ular weokly meeting of above t
• jclety will be lx-M on Monday. 3'nh Inst.. '
Tuesday being a ho] May. Important business. I
'AM. PAKKEK. Delegate Pro Tern.
iNNTAL mooting— The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchtnson Supar
I'Uirtatlon Company will be held at the office
of '.tie company. 227 Market St.. San Fran-
c.sco. Cal.. r- Tuesday, the Sth day of May.
2V«O. at the hour of 11 a. ns.. for the purpoe*
of '•lectin* a board of directors to serve for
the »:.-..: »¦ year and the transaction of such
nther business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer b'>oks will close on Friday,
April 27. ISOO, at 3 p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
AGBVTS WASTED.
WANTKt) . :mme<ji»tely —10 to 16 men and
women to mII :>.O chares reliable oil stock
each; must be cood ruMlers; can make from
J5 to $10 per day. For full Information address
R. Y. CAMPTON. Newhall. Cal.
AGENTS— You will secure best hustlers In
frrall Western towns, by advertising In "Mall
order Monthly.** St. Paul. Minn, guaranteed
cirvulation 17i.00O; rate, 5c j>er word); results
will surprise ycu.
TWEICTY-IN-ONE «hirt bosom; entirely new;
20 chanr^s; complete stylifh fronts; lightning
(seller: samples £So; call before noon. Manl-
lold Nov. Co.. 178 Seventh St., S. F., Cal.
IN each town for book quoting value of old
coins; 15: 100 samples, 20c. LORRAINE _
CO.. P. O. box 20TC. S. F.
SOLICITORS wanted— Harper &. Brothers' fine
eubscrlptlnn works offered here for the flirt j
time; reliable solicitors wanted. 206 Kearny. I
ACTIVE, energetic men of good address and j
ability to solicit; steady work, good wages !
and rapid advancement. SIC Market, room 42. i
AGENTS— "Hat Bleach" cleans straw hats In |
." minutes; greatest seller out: sample 10c;
write to-day. Hat Eleach Co. Xenia. Ohio.
AGENTS— NewIy patented article for men'i
wear: fast seller: big profits; sample free.
\V. K. HERIUNGTON CO.. Aurora, 111.
AGENTS wanted for the greatest money maker
oa U_e cuLTket. 126 Kearny St., room IS.
28HELP WANTED — MALES.
WANTED— A baker; third on bread; $30, beard
and iodglng. 2SOB Twenty-fourth st
WANTED— First-class dishwasher. Apply at
li>4 Davis at, Sunday morning.
LUNCH waiter for restaurant 673 Hayes st
WANTED— 2 first-class cabinet makers at W.
BATEMAN'S, 835 Folsom st
WANTED — An amateur actor of exceptional
ability. Address box IS6I. Call office.
WANTED— Bushelmen. at RAPHAEL'S. .
WANTED— Experienced manager stock rooms
In large general merchandise business; must
altto be familiar with office duties. Aniner,
(.tatlng reference and experience, box 1524,
this office.
WANTED — Experienced cast Iron soil pipe and
fitting molders; state experience. Address
Foundry. General Delivery P. 0., 8. F.
BARBER, firet-class workman, wants position
in country or Oakland. Box 4579, Call office.
BARBER shop; In good mining town; for sale:
cheap: shaving 25c. DECKELMAN BHOS..
106 Ellia st.
WANTED— By an eetablished merchant tailor-
ing house In outside city, a thoroughly ex-
perienced coatmaker who has had experience
in handling help, to make from 20 to 40 coats
a week, at «n average of $3 59 per coat; a
guarantee will be given for 20 coats a week
the year round; must brine help with him;
workroom free. Address bux 4648. Call office.
GOVERNMENT positions; where they are,
how obtained, ralaries paid; particulars free,
write for circular 115. National Correspond-
ence Institute. Washington, D. C.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BEAN hand wanted at tannery, Santa Cruz.
Apply at IC7 Clay St.. city.
YOUNG man wanted to work In exchange for
tuition. S. F. Bus. College. 1236 Market st.
WANTED— A baker, third hand. Apply at 1829
Polk Et. •
GARDENER wanted. Call at flower store. 1211
Polk st. '
BURNISHER wanted in DENNISTON'S S. F.
Plating Works. 652 Mission st.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States I
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un- I
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years: not less than 6 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch in height;
must be citliens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office 40 Ellis st, San Francisco. Cal.. or
830 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks: day and evening
class: special Inducements this season; only
Institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLERS BARBER COLLEGE, «35
Clay st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring <"V>.. 115 Kearny.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 6«2 Mission St.. bet. lFt and 2d sts.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 2« Btenart
WANTED— Letxrers and mechanics to know
that E4 Rolkln Reno House proprietor, still
runs r-enver Hcu«e, 217 Third st: 150 large
rooma: 2ac per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MAN or boy to do Janitor work 'r>r his tuition
In barber school. 741 Howard «t.
BOT 14 to 16; make hlmyelf generally useful
in factory. 723 Market st.. room "5.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
year« practice; Examiner hid?.
WINCHESTER HoteL 44 Third Ft., near Mar-
ket: 700 room*. 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baeeage to and frnm th» '-•--.
LIN DELL House, cr.rn'r Sixth and Howard—
Rooma USe to p»>r n'srht: Tie tr. $2 r*r w»ek.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and *i:hscrlptlons
rece ye-! at Call branch ffl>e. C2if) Flllmr"e ?t.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisement* anfi FUbscrtrtliT.' has been opened
at 1223 Polk «t.: open until 9 p. m.
! A BRANCH office for Call aflvertl^'nients and
I fsiibscripticns has t»»»n established at W'6 Va- |
lenrja «t.
HORSKS. LIVE STOCK. Xto — Kor Sule
40 HORSES fcr Bale; also wagons, burgles.
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
' $17 Plxth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
Fri.LIVAN * nOTLE. Auctioneers.
TWO handsome horses, 7 years old; well
matched in cnlor. rizf, style and trait: pric<«
moderate. 2530 Market St. or 3TO Parrott bldp.
FOR sale — Chestnut mare, harness and mbber-
tlre Hurry. To be seen at KELLY & SON'S
PTABLES. 1G25 and lfSl Pine st
CO HEAD flne draft ard driving horses at 1«21
end I«2S Marktt s».. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
¦ leo K--nn» fine matched Mack teams.
FIVE draft and driving horses »-oTiPtant!y on
hand. Orcidental Horse Exchange, 721-723
Hcward et.
i JUPT received. 23 head of fin* hors^e, ranging
fron 1000 to 1400 pounds. $5 Dore St.. near
j Folsom and Ninth.
! $45— LIGHT wsgon. horse and harness; also
large mare. $3". 21 City Hall aye.
J M CANTY has removed his 200 horses to
2170 Market st : Cai-tro-st. cars pass the door.
20 WORK and driving horses: flne carriage
| team; span of mules. 2200. 1751 Mission Bt.
I FOR rale— Fine doctor's team; « and 7 years
rid T">AT.7IFL vet. <I*nt. «f« OnMen Bate ay
HOtSKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO r*nt— For the bummer; complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, flne garden, pure
spring water, beautiful scenery: with or
without uae of barn, horses and vehicles: 3
miles from Et. Helena; hi mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANGE,
Grand Hotel, Ft. Helena. Cal.: also cottage
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
$1500— HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath: t lots and
furniture; rents for $45 per month: at Han-
ford. Cal. KREDO & CO.. SB Geary Bt.
$«O(V_gt;NNY cor.; 15 nvim.«; neat and clean;
clears $W a month. KREDO & CO.. 86 Geary.
I^2 Pwlflc ay.; 10 r.s6o 1610 California; 7 r...535
2018 Buchanan; 9 r... 45 301 Jones: 14 r. S5
ELEGANT sunny lioum near park: 8 rooms and
bath. Comer of Hayes and Devlsadero sts.
MODERN house. » rocms and bath, $45. 1912
Washington st. above Franklin.
POLK 230>— A one-story, five-room house to
let.
UPPER part of building at 629 Mission st:
contains 18 rooma.
HOI'SES TO LET — FURNISHED.
TO LET— Furnished ; for the summer monthn;
sunny corner house overlooking Alta Plaza:
fully furnished; 9 rooms, bath, basement and
garflen; within 1 block of 3 car lines; $50. Ap-
ply from 9 to 13 or 2 to 6 at 2216 Stelner st,
cor Clay. __^___^__^^______
I FTTTtNITURK of 8 rooms for sale and house to
let. Fv;thw«-»t <-nrner Pntt»r arM Weh-fr sta.
HOUSE —SUBURBAN.
CORTE MADERA— Furnlfihed 1 house of 7 rooms;
modem conveniences. Inquire station agent
HOUSES WASTED.
MODERN house: Western Addition; rent about
$S6; long lease. Box 1821, Call.
WANTED to rent or lease — Building, barn or
store room in San Francisco; well located for
rabbltry. M. A. LONG, 2812 So. Main at. Loa
Angeles.
HOUSE FOR SALE.
HOUSE for sale, to be removed. Apply 938
Bush at
LOST A.MJ I'UL.NIi.
LOST— Pocketbook. at Oakland Pier, about 6
p. m. Finder will please return alt but the
money to owner. RICHARD W. READING,
Eelby. Cal.
LOST— GoId horst watch fob. Finder will re-
ceive liberal reward by returning sam« to
807 Market st
LOST— Package addreaaed to Board of Health.
Finder please return to City Hall.
STRAYED— From 617 Eddy at., black cocker
spaniel; balf-breed; female: long tail; name
Onida; $5 rsward for her return.
LOST— On the ferryboat Berkeley, which left
Oakland mole at 12 o'clock a gentleman's
open-face gold watch, with lady's Dlcture in
back. Leave at Senate Saloon, Pine and
Kearny sts.. and receive liberal reward.
LOST— A dark chestnut mare from P. H.
•\VULFT"S grocery. Seventh aye. and M at,
nutchertown; reward.
MEDICAL.
DR KG TOT KEE. late of Canton, China, tea
and herb aanltarium, 704 Sacramento st, cor-
ner of Kearny; all dlaeasea and ailmenta
cured exclusively by Chinese berba and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 a. *m. to 12 m.,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1418 Eighth et, Alameda—
Fem&l* specialist; borne In confinement
3JKDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in Ss. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
10234 Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladies' phy-
slcian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned
from Europe with advanced knowledge ; treat-
ment $5: 15 years' successful practice in S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1007V4 Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; home
In confinement; treatment at office, $5; any
ailment; consultation free; confidential. ,942
Post st, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' specialist— Treat-
ment at office, $5; consultation free. 1222
Market Ft, bet. Mason and Taylor; hours 8
a. m. to 5 p. m.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken: terms
reasonable. 528 Castro St.. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market: ladles' spe-
cialist; treatment at office, $5; consultation
free; hours 10 to 8.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife; private home
In confinement: English and German spoken.
510 Eddy st.
DR. F. FRANK and MRS. ANDERSON, ladles'
physicians; every case guaranteed. 1019 La-
guna st
DR. JAMES PIERCE, 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment. $3.
VI-VI— DR. WISE A CO.. the ladies' specialists,
1118 Market: every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOKNER— Private home
in confinement. 1212 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
JIKDICATKU UATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, ecxema
and all nervous troubles; ladles' department
removed to "The Bellevue," Van Ness aye..
opp Bt. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet, DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
MINES AND MINING.
SHASTA mines— Deal ¦ direct; several choice
properties, large and small; personal knowl-
edge of them; principals only. C. L. PAIGE,
room 320, Parrott buldg., 525 Market Bt
2522 SHARES for Tale of" Poker Bar Dredging
Co.. Trinity County; seller needs ready cash.
Write or apply room 208, 603 California st,
San Francisco.
NATIVE platinum bought: rare minerals as-
sayed. National Refining Co., 400 Adams
bldg., clty^ __^
GOLD 'aver; we challenge all competitors;
call and see. 1798 Fifteenth st. or 25 East
street.
MISCI2LLA.M£OLS FOR SALK.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleyn,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Bpear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
S2 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN, 1017, 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st, above
Sixth; write for catalogue.
THOROUGHBRED silver-spangled Hamburg
. chickens from a noted strain of recent priv.e
winners: 3 young laying hens and cockerel:
also 6 chicks 3 months old; price for lot $11.
Apply at 1727 Broadway, Alameda, Cal.
INQUIRE at rooms 73 and 74 for first-class
solid walnut bed, clipper springs; and three-
burner oil blue flame, with oven, In No. 1
condition. 6 Eddy st.
40-MILEPOWER Lemaire field and marine glass
for )1£; cost orltlnally $40. UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
2000 SIIEETB, 1000 pillow slips, suitable for
steamships or hospitals, cheap. Address box
27(2. Call office^
LARGE Australian opal gold ring; $10; will
semi C. O. D. PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE,
25 Stockton Et.
AUTOMATIC Willcox & Glbbs eewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission st.,
near Fifteenth.
$6— SINGER family sewing machine In good
condition. TOO Eddy Bt
LARGE-SIZE microscope, suitable for a physi-
cian, for J2O; original cost $45. UNCLE HAR-
RIS, lv Grant aye.
$2£. r ,— SLOOP yacht; length 35 feet, beam 14: 3
rooms; in good condition. Inquire at 415
Twenty-eighth st ¦
PAWNSHOP; established 18 years. Particulars
at 221 Third Bt
16 CHICKENS for pale, cheap. 1931 Sixteenth
aye.. South San Francisco.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
J33 Market at. Son Francisco.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. nr. Pine.
WE want good clothes and will pay big prices.
PORTLAND LOAN OFFICE, 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale— Billiard table. Apply at 429 Bush
street
FOR sale — Young donkey and Bt. Bernard bitch;
cheap. 410 Maple st.
GASOLINE engines; all sizes; second hand;
cheap; guaranteed. Newell Bros.. 140 First st.
CASH registers of every description for sale
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and 10th.
ONE 2%-horsepower EOO-volt mo.tor; standard
make: cheap. WHITE. 616 Mission st.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
HIGH-ARM Binger Bewlng machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. Isth.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand Baueage ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Wolpman, ISS Fremont
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 400 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BEXTHAM. 1532 Market st
A 10- TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 216 California st
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof pafe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st.
BAFES— New and pceond hand, all slaes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher; 1
air compressor: 5 locom"tlve«, 220 Fremont.
MIStEI,LA.NEULS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND garden hose and attachments;
must be reasonable. Ohio Dental Parlors,
f. r .O Market st
WANTED— RoIIer top de?k and office fixtures.
Room «23. Parrott building.
WANTED — 8 cr 3 good diamonds. C. I. CAR-
TER. GUroy, or box 1823. Call office. Ri».r >:
BIG prices paid for full-dress suits. PORT-
LAND WAN OFFICE. 25 Stickton: will call.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WmTKFTEAO 1710 IUrVH «t.
MO.M£s TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages: confidential; advice free. G. IS.
OLSEN. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. I.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 64*5 Market
et.; tel. Main 1(44. Branch IS Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HEBTHAL, 10 Blxth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. HO Powell st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
¦ furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
AT 126 Kearny st., room 9, respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Tel. Pa\-U 995.
ON furniture and planoa without removal: quick
service: money direct; lowest interest Rooms
68 and 69. Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
LOANS made on furniture at 1H P«r cent; also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARQER.
$22 Ellis St., room 84.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchge, 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security; all busi-
ness confidential. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3%;
no removal; no commission. I Eddy Bt., r. 81.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co., 366 Parrott build-
ing— Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorcer. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortga;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, lit McAllister.
MO.VKV TO LOAJS.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
TO salaried men, without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. H3 Phelan building.
JitiiCAL ISSTKUfUENTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos In
every grade, from Eteinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash. $S per
month: other pianos $3, $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
opportunity for snap hunters.
Weber— Upright; like new.
Everett— Sample from factory.
Vose— Slightly used: walnut case.
Krell— Large size; very good.
E Bte y — Medium size; fine tone.
VToodworth— Small upright.
From $95 up: to close quickly no reasonable
offer refused: warranted. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16-18-20 O'Farrell st, Chlckerlng
Agency. -
IF you really want a real bargain, you can rely
on getting a reliable article from us at a low
price: call and see for yourself. MAUVAIS
SIUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
OUR reputation for bargains is well estab-
lished because we always give the most that
can be had for the money; try us. MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Bt.
DECKER & SON and PACKARD planoa have
been so well known for many years that we
need only say we are the agents and carry a
full line. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Mar-
ke tst.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
16, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. »
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER &. CHASE. 30 O'FarreU st
A PIANO In cood condition $45
Fine upright piano (a bargain) $145
Upright piano (slightly used) $167
Upright piano, walnut (nearly new) $187
Bheet music, small musical Instruments. S.
F. MUSIC CO.. 225 Sutter st.
MAGNIFICENT upright piano; must be sold
Immediately on account of departure of owner
from the city; $125. Apply rm. 21. Flood bldg.
SOHMER & CO., Byron Mauzy planoa. 808 to
312 PQBt st. J ¦
$50 SAVED— IOO pianos at a sacrifice; Inntall-
ments $5 75: rents $2. HEINE'S. 136 EIIU st
FOR sale cheap for cash— High-grade square pi-
ano; eplendld condition; guaranteed. 529 Eddy.
FINE Steinway upright for sale; leaving city.
1625 Webster st. corner Sutter.
$45 — FINE upright piano; perfect order; great
bargain. 1259 Mission St., near Ninth.
A FEW day* only — New pianos, $2 50 per mo.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., 660 Hayes st
GOOD Fischer; great bargain. SCHMITZ* 16
McAllister st. next Hibernia Bank.
FINE Fischer and Steinway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento St., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IS ra«e». In wrapper, for mailing. SI per year.
OITKICES A.VK STORES TO LET.
$10 50— STORE and 3 living rooms; yard; coun-
ter; shelving. 1008 Natoma, near Eleventh.
LARGE store, corner Seventh and Natoma;
used 30 yrs. as grocery and saloon; reasonable.
VALENCIA. »93, near Twenty-first— Large ele-
gant store: rear rooms: large basement.
I'ALMISTKY.
MME. Neergaard, Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmißtry; reads 1 to 8. 616 Geary, nr. Clones.
PARTNERS WANTED.
FIRST-CLASS painter, as partner, with good
references. PAINTER. 340 Third St.. room 10.
I'UKSO.NALS.
MIDDLE-AGED widower of culture and re-
finement desires acquaintance of good look-
ing lady, stout preferred; object matrimony;
trirters and fortune hunters will not be rec-
ognized. Address box 2761, Call office.
TWO young men. single, have means, about to
return to Cape Nome goldtields, desire ac-
quaintance or 2 young ladies; object matri-
mony. Address for 10 days C. and H., box
1832. Call oitlce.
WELL-EDUCATED, bright German widow de-
sires to meet honorable, intelligent, elderly
gentleman of good appearance; object matri-
mony; state particulars. Box IS 10, Call.
ATTRACTIVE widow wishes assistance to go
to Capa Nome; security given. Address box
1557. Call office.
BUSINESS man wishes to meet young lady;
object matrimony. Box 1815, CalL
WANTED— Pleasure parties to the Yosemite,
with or without board. Yosemite Express,
JOHN F. BTEELE. prop., 200 Sutter St.. S. F.
BLUE-EYED baby girl for adoption. MRS.
DR. FUNKE, 141« Eighth st. Alameda.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca keepa hair fresh and
flne; 3&c box; Lederer"s Foamo Shampoo keeps
the scalp clean; 6c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
LADIES— Your bust enlarged 6 inches- harm-
less; $100 guarantee; proof free. LEONARD
MEDICINE CO.. Kaneaa City. Kana.
AMATEUR photographers — Save 60 per cent by
having your work done at Rembrandt Studio.
850 Market st, cor. Stockton; kodaks, 3Vix3i4,
only 25c; no charge for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advice free.
MME. FISHER'S face remedies will positively
and permanently cure wrinkles and all facial
blemishes where other remedies have failed;
trial treatment free; call and be convinced.
Parlors, 19 Powell st
WANTED — Lady partner for Nome. Address
MRS. L., box 1834, Call office.
LEDERER Is the hairdresser who does it right,
price 25c; makes a specialty of sending artists
to do brides' hair; thla week 22-lnch switches
$3 60. 123 Stockton st
HAIR doctor's remedy; prepare, use myself.
KUESTER, specialist. N. O. depot. Oakland;
call, write.
NEW chemical dUcovery which cleans a house
of all vermin, germs, etc, from roof to cel-
lar; easily prepared at low coet; recipe $1;
Inducement to first answers. MELVIN REM-
EDY CO.. 248 Sumner aye.. Brooklyn. N. Y.
DR. PARKER, absent treatment cures all dis-
eases. 1027H Market at, San Francisco, Col.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; ten
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie st
FREE]— Success in life can only be obtained
through Influence; will eend absolutely free a
100-page book which explains all the secrets of
hypnotism, personal magnetism and magnetic
healing; tells how to cure diseases and bad
habits; enables you to win and hold the love
and respect of others; anybody can learn In a
few days; we guarantee success; write to-day.
Address NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF SCI-
ENCE, Department SI7H. Rochester. N. Y.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale; also
rhenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWB. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. Bilverman. 984 Folsom; tel. Folsom 119 L
INFORMATION wanted concerning WILLIAM
THOMAS or ANDY BOWHEN. natives of
Kiltubrlde, County Leltrlm, Ireland. If liv-
ing please address CHARLES H. GILLOOLY,
Carolina, Rhode Island, box 127.
SUITS on easy Installments from imported or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co.,
632 Kearny St., bet. Sacramento & California.
DR. B. J. WILLIAMS, removed to 989 Howard
St., cor. Sixth, Orlando House.
FREE— A bottle of hair tonic to each customer
calling at my balr dressing add manicuring
parlors. 112 and 118. 997 Market: open eves.
$5 PHOTOS for $2 per dozen at FOWZER'B.
1148 Market st., near Taylor.
MISS SHELDON, chiropodist and' business ad-
vice. 850 Market st. second floor, room J7.
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from Imported or do-
mestic remnants L. LEMOS. 1117 Market at,
between Seventh and Eighth.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly obtained
by using Talcott'a Curling Fluid; 25c bottle.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send poatal. COLEMAN'S. 606 Kearny at
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third at, near Market: 100 rooms;
26c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STAMMERlNG 'corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D., 1315 Linden St., Oakland.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. Black 4123.
ALASKA fur garments, hoods, mitts, leather
coatw. H. M. HEINEMAN. 109 Sanaome at
"photographic supplies.
WE loan kodaks free; photo supplies; Backus
studio 11 Geary St.. ground floor.
PIIISICIA.NS A->ii bUKUKOAS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021*4 Market at. bet Sixth and Seventh.
DR. STYAN'S Rheumatism Cure, $1; free to
poor evary Wednesday. Sfi Goary tt
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. __
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$3500— Park residence; very cozy home; 5 rooms
and bath; trick foundation: modern in
every particular; sunny side of street; 2ox
137:6; convenient to all lines of cars.
$2500— Rents $336 per annum: 2 houses and lot Zo
xSO; near sth and Folsom sts.
$2000— Corner; 125x70; short distance from Mis-
sion st; 2-story house of 7 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc.; sanitary
plumbing; fruit trees.
$4250— Rents $420 per annum; Mission Warm
Belt; 2 flats of 5 and 4 rooms: brick
foundation, etc.; 30x130; nice stable on
rear street.
$6250— Webster st; fine 2-story bay-window resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath; 27:6x81:3.
$4250— Rt-nts $600 per annum: corner on Harri-
son st: 2 stores and flats.
$4000— Barsaln: Pine St.; nice 2-story base-
ment bay-window residence of 7 rooms
and bath; 25x137:6; nicely located.
$4000— Rents $452 per annum; 4 flats and lot 25
x9O; near Ellis and Pierce sts.
$3500— North side Minna st; improvements
and lot: this is cheao.
$3000— Rents $300 per annum; store and 3 rooms
and 3 tenements; near Eth and Shipley
sts.
$2600— Coziest home In the Mission Warm Belt;
cottace of 5 rooms and bath, basement.
etc.; modern In every particular; stable
nnd driveway: 23x1C0; will be sold on very
easy terms.
$2250— Rents $300 per annum; 2 flats of 6 and 4
rooms and bath each: near Mason and
Filbert sts.
$1600— Rents $240 per annum; Zoe et; 2 houses
and lot.
New pocket map of San Francisco county, 25c.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montjomery st.
FOR SALE.
BY BURNHAM & MARSH CO.
20 Montgomery St
A GRAND CORNER.
$20,000— Rent* $170 a month; splendid loca-
tion, on Mission Bt, and having 255 ft front-
age. This' Is a pick-up.
$16,500 — Leased at $125 a month; corner store
and £3 rooms, on 4th st. ; has great future.
LARKIN-STREET FLATS.
$6750— Rent $70; 3 flne flats; brick foundation;
not far from Sutter street.
$4000— Rent $44; adjoining corner and street
car crossing; store and flat; same tenant for S
years.
$4100 — Rent $34; 2 flne flats, on Lombard, near
Stockton; reduced from $6000 to make quick
sale.
$1600— Rent $16; Broadway, near Jones; lots
close by selling for $3250 each.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
20 Montgomery St.
AT AUCTION
MONDAY. May 10, at 12 M.. at office
BURNHAM & MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery St
Nos. 988-90 McAllister St.; 34 ft east Bu-
chanan; lot 25x66, Irregular depth and key to
corner; rent $32 to $50. I
Lot 159x156, irregular depth; south line of
Lombard St.. east of Van Ness.
11 South Broderick it.: 2 fine flats and lot,
36x128; rents.
Lot 25x100, west line of Willard st, 100 ft. j
south of Golden Gate aye.
NW. corner of Turk and Willard streets; lot. ,
25x100. |
Lot. 25xS0. ea«t line of Folsom st; 25 ft. NW. |
of 13th at.
WILLIAM BUTTERFIELD. Auctioneer.
At Office BURNHAM & MARSH CO., \
in Montgomery st. |
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY STREET. ]
PACIFIC ST. A SACRIFICE.
Brick building on Pacific St., nrar Montgom- ¦
cry aye.; store and 22 rooms; rents $70; must be !
sold; price JBOOO.
FOUR FINE LOTS
On Dolores st. between Liberty and 21st: 23x i
92:6 feet each; graded and ready to build on;
view of city; these lots must be sold; price only !
$1750 each.
THREE FINE FLATS
On Van Ness aye.; new and modern; rents $130 j
monthly; lot 25x125; price $12,600.
A NICE HOME
On Hayes st., near Devisadero; 8 rooms and
bath; sunny lot; price $6000.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
On Point Lobos aye., between Ist and Id ayes.;
two stores and cigar stand below; 8-roomed fiat I
above: would rent $45; owner anxious to sell; I
an offer wanted: price $4500.
PACIFIC AVENUE CORNER.
43x100 ft, with city and ninnne view; street |
work all done; will be sold at a sacrifice.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
ICSOO — Business lot on 16th St., near Dolores; I
65x110: must be sold.
j4sno — Splendid marine view lot on Presidio j
Heights: 24:4x127:8.
$3<W-Sunny lot on Clay st. Presidio Heights; !
30x127:8.
$2500— Lot on 24th St., near Folsom: 37:6x100. ,
$1750— Nice lot on Spruce St., near Clay; cheap. ;
Jl6oo— Lot on Golden Gate aye., near Central
aye. ; offer wanted.
$750 each— Two lota on California st. South, |
near 7th Rye.: 25x100 each.
$650 each — Alvarado St., near Sanchez; 25x111
each. . t
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, i
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST. I
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST.
$90,000 — Few blocks from Chronicle; pays 6 per j
cent net: lot £Ixl2o ft.; 2 frontages;
brick Improvements.
$75,000— Corner: half block from Market st; vi- ;
cinity Hibernia Bank; 75 ft. front; rare |
investment: rents 1200.
$62,500— Near Market and First »ts.; lot 98x34 :
ft.; 4-story brick building; bank mort- i
gage $25,000.
$45,000— Rents $400: modern improvements: lot 80 j
x 137:6; Days 10 Der cent net. !
$40,000 — Near Kearny Bt. ; good brick improve- I
ments; rents $3300 annually; 35 ft. front
$28,000— Lot 68:9x120 ft.; vicinity McAllister and
Larkin sts.; rents $210.
$23,000— Sixth St.; 75 ft. frontage; bay-window
building; rents $200; 4 stores.
$1J.600— Rents $130;- marine view; 3 new flats.
$12,500— Ninth st: 38 ft. front; t stores and
flats; rents $1020 yearly.
$9,000 — NE. corner Fell and Masonic aye.; lot
2SxlOO; elegant residence, 10 rooms, bath;
all modern conveniences; space for a
stable; make offer.
$S,ooO— B new flats; rents $84: lot 80x100 ft.
17,000 — 6 flats near 6th and Mission;. rents $960
a year; lot 50x75.
$s, BOO— Powell st.: S flats; rents $52.
$2,7so— House and lot, 11x107:6; No. Jl South
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET ST. j
$5000— OFFER wanted? SW. corner Post and j
Lyon sts.; store with 3 rooms: lot 30x72:6 ft
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTB.
$550 to JSOO — Sunset lots; 'superb view of
ocean; graded and sewered; eaay Installments.
$450 to 1300— Choicest Richmond lota; $10
monthly.
$100 to $250— Level lota: near Mlsslon-st. car;
$5 monthly.
$650 to $1000—4 and S room cottages in .excel-
lent locations; near cars; payments same as
rent
Call for Mar* and Diagrams.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER,
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
W H. CRIM & CO.. 119 Montgomery st.
Potrero block; well located for manufacturing
or warehouse purposes.
Eddy, nr. Hyde; 12 rooma and bath; 27:6x137:8.
$$000— Twenty-fourth st, near Bryant: 4 flats;
50x104; half cash.
$3500— A bargain: Market st, near Church; 7
rooms and bath; 25x100.
Two neat cottages of 5 rooms and bath each;
liberal terms.
$6000— Business property: Mission st. near
Sixteenth: 25x100.
$1600— Corner Twenty-first and Collingwood
sts.: 27x75-
sl2so— Liberty at., near Dolores: 25x114.
$1000— Cottage of 7 rooms and bath; Sears st.
Ocean View; part cash.
BARGAIN
Lovely corner home; NW. corner o.f Twenty-
fifth st and Hoffman aye.: 75x100; good com-
fortable house of 8 rooms and bath; flne
vlewa of almost the entire city; very sunny
place; Twenty-second electric cars lust one
block from the property; place for home or
institution; will be sold on very easy terms;
$WOO can remain at 6 per cent; must be sold.
Further particulars of G. H. UMBSEN &
CO., 14 Montgomery Bt.
2 FLATS: top one 7 rooms and bath; lower one
6 rooms and bath; lot 22:6x122:6; price $4200.
PHILBRICK, 2647 Folsom st.
FLATS — Always rented; pay 13 per cent: may
be increased to 17 per cent; Second aye., Rich-
mond Addition: must be sold at once; no
agents. Box 1809. Call of flee. .—fy.-y
$175— MUST be sold; lot 25x120: only 125 ft from
X at and 3 blocks from Park. Owner. 911 and
913 Market at. in office. «
ELEGANT residence, 7 rooms; bath: Shotwell,
near Nineteenth: large lot, 30x122:6. H.
FEIGE. builder. 1058 Capp at. ¦'i-.,.-
J3OOO— GENUINE bargain; Just completed;
7 room house; easy terras. 24th and Noe ata.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
J $27,500— Paciftc-ave. residence; elrgant modern
residence. 17 rooms, 2 baths; all arrangements
for an up-to-date home; lot 37:6x122:6.
$6500— Octavia st, near Broadway; two-story
residence of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:6:
rents $45.
BUSINESS CORNERS AND RESIDENCE
SITES.
Entire block, bounded by Folsom st.. Treat
aye.. Thirteenth and Fourteenth sts., bein*
offered in subdivisions; call at office and get
diagram; $140u and upward.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
$40,000— Third-st. corner; 137:6x137:6; store and
flats; good Improvements; rents $2^o.
$45.00o — Folsom-st. corner: manuiacturlng dis-
trict; 3 frontages: rents $170; lot IWxS7:6.
AN OFFER WANTED.
$3250— Ritch st.; 5 flats; rents fti 50: lot 22xS0.
$BCKK)— Rents $63; Natoma st. near Sixth; coal
yard and 4 flats above; lot 25x75.
RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
$7500 each— Facing Jefferson Square on La-
guna st; special offering of several choice resi-
dences; get a diagram and particulars at office.
$2000 — Nice - suburban home; 7-room cottage,
bath, high basement; large lot, lOi:«xl7S; near
Mission road; windmill; fish pond; every fra-
turo on country home, while being convenient
to city.
$11, (XO— Pine st., near Buchanan; good mod-
ern residence; 10 rooms and bath; up-to-Uate
plumbing:, electric lights; lot 2.".x137:6.
VACANT LOTS.
$3000— Van Ness aye.; corner; 32:6x109.
$13.000— Presidio Heights: corner: U7:6xI27:SU:
flne marine view; choice residence lot.
A COTTAGE IN THE COUNTRY.
$3230— Mi1l Valley cottage; 5 rooms and bath:
partly finished attic: large lot: will trade for
city property. BALDWIN & HOWELU
10 Montgomery st.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
CREAM OF PARK LOTS.
GAS AND WATER SERVICE.
On very easy payments; choice lots in the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H ami
I sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes.; rlarht
on the Park ar.d the new Nlneteenth-ave. bou-
levard; most of the lots already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine investment, good
building lots; all ready; lots on official grade;
macadamized; plank sidewalks; 6 per cent In-
terest only.
SEE THE HOUSES NOW BUILDING— YOUR
OWN TERMS.
Money advanced for building purposes: elec-
tric cars paas the property: see this block at
once; go to our branch office to-day, cor. H st.
and Ninth aye.; price lists, etc.. there or at our
office. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery at.
BOVEE. TOT it SONNTAG.
624 Market Street
AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY", May 3d. 1300.
At 12 O'clock Noon.
At Our Salesroom. 624 Market st.
Foreclosed Properties by Order of the Bank.
3 cottages of 5 rooma and bath each; Nos.
203. 211. 213 6th aye.. west Bide, between Cali-
fornia and Clement sts.; each lot 20x120; to be
sold aa a whole or separately; cars pass the
door.
Lot on southeast line of Porter aye.. 200 feet
northeast of Naglee aye.; 40x125 feet.
Clarendon Heights, lots No. 3. No. 4. No. 5.
west side of Stanyan st, between Belgrave and
Clarendon ayes.; lot No. 3 is WUlltoUll ft;
lot No. 4 Is 25?ixll6xllS ft; lot No. » i* &>\x
HSxl22 ft
Harripon at. lot 73x124:3 ft: easterly line of
Harrison at, CO ft. south of ISth at.
Lot 466, Gift Map No. 2. east side of Cheru-
busco st, between Esmeralda aye. and Coso
aye., 25x70 ft; lot 1042. Gift Map No. 3, east
side of Pnntlss St., between Powhattan st. and
California aye., 23x7i) ft
Building lot on Jerst^- st.. north side. 23 ft.
east of Church st ; 25x114 ft.
Large lot on 21st st., south side, 155 ft. east of
Noe st; fine view; 130x114 ft
Lot en southeast corner of 23J and Diamond
sts.; 2Sxloo ft; ready to bullu on.
Building lot on Ashhury Heights, on south
sWc cf Frederick St.. 1w5:3 ft. west of Ashbury.
fine view cf the park and city; 23x102 ft.
Lot en north side of 23th st. 160 ft. east of
Diamond st: well located; SC.\ll4 ft.
Sunny corner lot on northeast corner of San-
chez and Elizabeth sts.. 23x'J2 ft.
Lot on south side of 23th st. SO ft east of
Fountain St.; £5x120 ft.
TERMS— The above property Is to be sold for
one-quarter cash, the- balance In one. two and
three years. Interest six per cent. .
3 flat 3 of 6. 5. 5 rooms and bath; Nos. 1307.
13f). 1311 EiMy It.; rents $44 per month: also
cottage fr intlntr on Lnurel aye. of 4 rooms and
bath; rent? $10 per month; 23x120 ft.
8 fiats of 4. 5 rooms and bath each: Nos. 1 to
8 Cohen place, off Ellis st.. bet. Leavenworth
and Hyde; rent? $I' 2 per month; lot SSxSfi ft.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAO.
624 Market st
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO. (Inc.).
513 CALIFORNIA STREET.
IMPROVED.
1 3S :llHxl24— lrregular to Stpvenson St.; Market.
near Valencia: frame improvements: $^S,OOO.
2."xlf)O— City Hall aye.; opp. City Hall.
25:9x128:9 — Union St., near Taylor: 3 modern
flats and rear house; rents $37: $12,500.
23x100— Folsom st, near Eighth; store, 2 flats
and rear house; rents $65; $S3OO.
3."xl2o— Sacramento st.. near Hyde; house, S
rooms and bath; rent $35; $7000.
25xS<V— Fourth at, near Harrison; store and
flat: $ns(O: sale urgent.
23x137:6 — Grove st., near Central aye.; new 3-
story bay-window flats: rents 150: $6500.
112:6x27:6x87:6 — Corner Kearny and Greenwich
sts. : 10 2-story houses; rents $S0: $6000.
45:1*ix137:6. with an L— Vallejo st.. near
Mason: cottage, two flats and rear, house; rents
$64: $GCCO.
2".x3O— Folsom st, near Bth; 2 flats; rents $46;
16000.
I<>:6xS0 — Green st.. near Dupont; 3 bay-window
flats; rents $55; $3600.
2."x122:6 — Capp St., near 23d; modern 6-room
residence; $5500.
2."x112:6^ — Octavia St., near Vallejo; two-story
mottern residence: $5500.
45 :6x65:10— Corner Bay and Midway; cottage
and flats: rents $20; $<500.
2f>xlOO— Webster st, near Filbert; 6-room cot-
tage: $4250.
23xS0— Diamond St., near Twenty- fourth; cot-
tage: rent 115; $2500.
20x60 to rear street— Salmon st. near Pacific;
$1500; 2-story house.
UNIMPROVED.
65xS7:S— Valencia st, near 17th; $10,000.
30x90— W. of Mission st, S. of Army; 3 lots.
25x100— McAllister st., near Lyon; $2230.
25x137 :fi— Frederick st, near Cole: $2000.
25x137:6— C01e st, near Frederick; $2^oo.
2.">:2xlC0 — Union St., near Pierce; $1300.
80x71:10 — SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
2fiOxl2s— NW. cor. of Fountain and 25th.
32:6x100— Cor. Point Lobos and 11th ayes.
A HANDSOME HOME.
A new house on Ninth aye., near J St., two
block 9 from the park: contains 7 largre sunny
rooms; finished basement; 2 mantels; large re-
ception hall; fine porcelain bath; bay windows
front and rear; panoramic view of park and
bay: an ideal home; close to all the park at-
tractions: price only $3150: terms same as rent;
take Eddy-st. cars (Haight-st. cars transfer),
get off at Ninth aye., walk aouth 2 blocks; a
pleosant ride: can reach town in 25 minutes.
GOING RAST. GOING FAST.
S SOLD IN THIRTY DAYS.
LYON & HOAG, 114 Montgomery st.
$12. 50ft— BUSINESS corner: splendidly Improved
with 3-story building, store and flats above;
rent $30; always rented: small expenses. On
Howard st, close to town.
$."250 — Rent $53: sunny side of Haight at; S
fiats; lot 25x100: biggest kind of a bargain.
LYON & HOAG. 114 Montgomery at
FINE FLATS ~
IN A SELECT NEIGHBORHOOD.
$11,250— Pay over 10 per cent; Buchanan st: 3
handsome flats; marble steps; tiled vestibule;
latest sanitary plumbing; a flne investment.
LYOX & HOAG. 114 Montgomery at
$5650 — RENT $52 50; 2 flne flats. 5 and 6 rooms,
in best portion of park panhandle district;
lot 25x121.
LYON & HOAO. 114 Montgomery st.
BIGGEST BARGAIN
IN THE CITY.
BEAUTIFUL WESTERN* ADDITION HOME.
$4800, easy torm.<; $3500. easy terms. See the
beautiful, new, modern residences, in best por-
tion of Ashbury Heights— Clayton et. close to
Frederick; lota of sunshine in every room:
houses beautifully tinted and decorated; open
plumbing; porcelain baths: large closets, etc:
in every way a modern, stylish residence; lot
26x101:3; take blue car on Eddy st, which
passes the houses iHalebt and Ellls-st. cars
transfer): open for inspection dally; terms,
$1000 cash, balance equivalent to rent.
LYON & HOAO. 114 Montgomery at
FOR EXCHANGE— PRICE $200oT — — —
Beautiful corner lot in Berkeley; alxe 132x208
feet; level aa a floor; flne soil; close to car
lines; street sewered: title clear; no mortgage;
will exchange for San Francisco property. Im-
proved or unimproved, and give or take caah
difference.
LYOX & HOAG, 114 Montgomery St
$625 EACH— SIOOO cash, balance $5 per month
on Installments; choice building lots on ElU-
abeth st, between Douglass st and Hoffman
aye.: size 25x114; half a block from electric
cars: this location is rapidly being built up
by nice new houses, and the lots offered are
the cheapest In the Mission: ready for build-
ing; will give possession immediately; will
arrange to build: Installment payments if
desired. Apply to O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14
Montgomery at.
TO be sold immediately within 3 days; call ac
office for particulars: a nice home; 2-story
residence; 7 rooms and bathroom; on account
of departure for Cape Nome; lot 23x123; a
great bargain: 2 parties stand ready to rent
the house at $30 per month: can arrange for
easy payments. W. J. GUNN.
_^^ 830 California st
BARGAIN— For sale, flne sunny residence. 11
rooms, bath, attic and basement; modern:
perfect order; grand view; large lot 80x114:
electric cars: might exchange in part for
smaller house or good lot Address D. J.
MURPHY. MS California st, Co6f&s 3u aod. tL
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR HALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDCFTCO^ |^£ gT
SEE THIS TO-DAY.
Agent on Property From 10 Till 2 O clock.
$3,250— 8ui1t to order; new house. « rooms and
bath; porcelain tubs; tiled mantels: gas
grates: pretty artistic front; Iron fence:
cement walk: bitumen street: cars pass
the <!.x>r; Mission warm belt: will make
terms; location northeast corner of
Twenty-sixth and Bryant sts.
BANKS PAY I 1-3 PER CENT— THI3 PROP-
ERTY PAYS 24 PER CENT ON
INVESTMENT OF
$2,000 cash, balance $3oou at S per cent: large,
e!»eant hotel of 30 sunny rooms: cost
fcuov t>» buii.i; large lot 43:6x100; tenant
will take lease.
INVESTMENTS.
PAYS 12S PER CENT.
$7,500— Near Stockton and Sutter sts. : 3 new
flats of a, 5. 6 rooms and bath: every
modern improvement: porcelain tubs,
tiie mantels, etc. ; lot 30xii.>; all rented.
$2.0C0— Peventh st. near Bryant; lot 23x90; old
Irr:>rovemenf3.
$2,500— 0n Sheridan St.. near Ninth and FoUom;
2 fiats and rear house; rents $-S; lot ZJX
100.
j $4,300— Clay st, near Mason: 4 flats on 40-foot
frontage; rents $34 per month.
RESIDENCES.
BRODERICK-STREET RESIDENCE.
$3,soo— Near California at.: elegant modern
house. 9 rooms anil bath and servant' a
room, etc.; every moiiern improvement;
porcelain tubs, tile mantels, etc.
NEW MODERN RESIDENCE.
$3, 100— House. 7 rooms and bath and basement;
all modern improvements: dome ceilings;
porcelain tubs; reception hall: white and
gold mantels, etc.; lut 2ixlj<:3; Clayton
at. near Waller.
$2.23o— Near Steiner and Geary ats. ; 2-atory
house. 9 rooms and bath and basement;
rents $22 per month.
$1,430— Florida st.. near Twenty-third; 4-room
ccttage; 26x100.
OTHER PROPERTIES IN CHRONICLE AND
BULLETIN.
EASTON. ELDRIPGE A CO..
623 Market Bt
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
63S Market Street
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY. MAY S. 1300.
At 12 o'clock, noon.
At our salesroom. 633 Market st
MISSION STREET BUSINESS PP.OPERTY.
South side; 9."3-9."34 Mission St.. 125 feet east
I of Sixth; Btore and 11 rooms; renta $S2 &0 per
j month.
PARK PANHANDLE LOT.
1 ....
Nnrth side Waller St.. X:« feet west of
Phrader. 23x100 feet; a fine lot, ready for
; building; une-half block from Golden Gats
j Park; a fine site for steady renting flat*.
PARK LOTS.
South side Carl st, 107:6 feet west of Stan-
yan; 2 lots. 20.x137:6 feet each: a fine chanca
for speculators as lota in this locality ara
seldom sacrificed at auction to highest bidder.
VALENCIA STREET BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East side Valencia st, 102 north of Seven-
; teenth: lot 8."x57:6 feet: a fine lot on the best
j business portion of Valencia st.
BUSH STREET INVESTMENT.
I Fcuth sl<le. 1411-13-13 Bush St.. between Polk
I and Van N>?s aye ; two y-room tind one 8-
! roi.m house; in good condition; rents $92 ;>0
per month; a fine large lot, 33x120 feet, with
two frontages.
GUERRERO STREET RESIDENCE.
East aid*, SO7 Guerrero St.. 77:fi south of
Twentieth: fine lari;e nice-appearlni? residence
of 8 rooms and bath, all modern lmprovementa;
porcelain tubs, etc.; lot 25x100 feet.
| NORTH BEACH BUSINESS PROPERTY.
I Southwest corner Baker and Jefferson ata. ;
; large fine business corner; 103x137:S feet; par-
: tlally Improved with atv>re, restaurant and
I dwelling; renta $30 per month.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
South side, 1527 Howard st, 212:8 feet east
of Twelfth; two fiats of 5 and 8 rooma and
bath; rents $— per month; lot 23x100 feet.
SCOTT STREET FLATS.
¦West side. 1413 Scott st.. near G^ary; thr»«
I flats of 5. 6, 1 rooms and bath; renta $77 50
per month; lot 27:6x36:6 feet.
MISSION CORNER LOT 3.
Southeast corner of Noe and Hill sta. : two
lots, suitable for cheap homea; street and
sewers all done; corner lot 26:6x11u feet; Inside
lot 25x110 feet.
NORTH BEACH CORNER LOT.
Southeast corner Lyon and Filbert sts.: slse
125x110 feet; a large, fine corner lot. suitable
for business, residences or fiats.
MISSION CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
¦Southeast corner Twenty-fifth and Castro
sta.: size 25xS0 feet: suitable for store and fiats.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
«3S Market at
MADISON' & BURKE. Real Estate Agent*.
62i Market st.. opp. Palaco Hotel.
Established ISJS.
$17.000— Fulton at., between Poli and Van
Ness aye.; lot 50x120 to Ash ay*.
$14,000— Pine at., near Hyde; t fiats; rant*
$115; lot 34:4x137:0.
$12.000— Vallejo st, near Stockton? T2x«B:»i
business location.
$Sooo— Capp st. near Eighteenth; rents $Ss{
flats all rented; 37:6x122-4.
$650<> — Laundry: well leased; Lombard st..
near Flllmore: 63:9x137:8.
Choice- corner for flats— Web«ter at. and Wll-
dey aye.; 27:6x31:3: old improvements; now pay.
ing good Interest ; $300 caah, balance easy tana*.
tSOOO— McAllister st. near Lag-ana; rents $57;
lot 27:Cx120 to Locust aye.
$3000— Washington st. near Stockton; X3xUT:(
to an alley; well Improved.
|500<) — Baker st, near Sacramento: S rooms
and bath; In perfect order; 25:&x103:C
$2500— Pearl at., near Market; t room* and
bath; 25x33. .
$2300— Bryant at., near Seventh; t cottages;
rents $20; lot XOxSO.
$3100 — Oak Grove ay«., near Harrison st : rents
$26; lot 25x115.
$4250— Octavla st. near Haight ; aa elegant lot
for modern Cats; 37:6x37:6.
$SnOO— Greenwich at., between Stockton and
Powell; good house and lot 13:9x100.
$1500— Day st, near Church: cottage of 8
rooms; lot 23x111.
MADISON A BTTRKE.
<28 Market st. opp. Palace Hotel.
PT. RICHMOND PANTA FH
PT. RICHMOND BANTA FE
The new townsite at terminus of Santa Fe
R. R. A limited cumber of lots will be sold
for $100 each: $10 cash: $3 monthly.
SANTA FE PT. RICHMOND
SANTA FE.. PT. RICHMOND
McEWEN BROS., lIS Montgomery 8t
|1 (too— MUST BE SOLD. ~ "
$1600— MUST BE SOLD.
$1800— MUST BE SOLD.
$1800— MUST BE SOLD.
A eottaar* on Bth
st;. near Church. It
will be sacrificed.
McEWEN BROS.. 119 Montgomery Bt
LAY THE FOUNDATION
For a home by utilizing the money that now
goes out to the landlord month after month,
never to do you any good.
$22 » A MONTH.
WITHOUT INTEREST •
Buys a new 6-room and bath cottage, half a
block from electric cars; it has all latest Im-
provements: street work done: gas main laid.
Go out to-day, to-day, and look at it Take.
Mlssion-st. car. transfer to Twenty-second St..
ride to Hoffman aye.
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post at.
A GOOD CHANCE FOR A HOME. ~
$12 50 A MONTH $12 50
New 4-room and bath cottage on Bosworth
St.. half a block from Mission; street work
done; a bargain.
OSCAR HEYMAN. It Po»t at.
BARGAINS IN LOTS. ~
One block from Twenty-seoond-st cars:
graded and sewered; from $130 upward; $5
monthly. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
WILL build for $1200 rear 2-flat house; plans
furnished; house repairing; done; drop poatal.
GEO. M. 9ALSBURY. builder. 2047 Polk at.
$1200— i 4-room cottagea; pantry, hot and
cold water: easy terms. 1322 Rhode latand st
For Additional Classified Advvrtisw-
zxxe&ts Bee Pago Thirty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
iii:lp wanted— female.
WANTED-Girl for general housework; $25.
Apply Monday afternoon at SSIS Clay at, near
Laurel.
BOOK KgKPEB-S»Ycun» lady accountant in
artiolfWi* huune; must be good writer and
exi>erienced In double entry; reference* r«-
i^ired. Box 1542, Call office.
WANTED- A middle-aged woman for general
housework. Apply at 717 M at. cor. 9th aye..
£>outh - Ban Francisco. ;;•:•.
AN experienced hand for alteration* on ladles'
tallvr-made «u!t«; .-\pply after 8:30 a. m.
WEUCSTOCK. LUBIN & CO.. ilarket and
Taylor ata.
GIRL to assist with housework; must Bleep
home. lfl7'-» Wtbster at
LITTLE girl to asslkl with baby; good home.
H36 Kutter st
COOKS, second girls, nurses; good wages. MRS. j
_CATTELL. 525 Elshth st. Oakland.
WANTED— Ycur.g girl for light housework.
FRANCES. 7SC Sutter st.
WANTED- Firft-class waist hand: also appren-
tlcr; paid while learning- 21»v6 Sutter ft.
GOOD talloresa wanted. 5E3 Valencia at.
WANTED— A stror.KT~wllling woman to help
with cooking and peneral housework on
n~ioh: wages $IS. A; ply at 206 Clay st. on
April Zj. from 12 to 2 p. m.
GIRLS wanted. Bo^kbindery. 63« Clay at
TRUSTWORTHY g'.rl to learn dressmaking;
paid while learning. R. ITS, Spring Valley big.
NKAT girl for general housework and cooking;
family of 1. Apply IEJI Port st. 9 to 11.
i>AI:BERS— G'Vid-payinjj 10-cer.t shop and S
bathe; for Bale at a bargain. DECKELMAN ,
BROS.. 106 Ellis et.
SPECIAL.
To all entering our achool before May 15th a
yearly subscription to our beautiful monthly
fashion Journal, high c'.aes and up to date;
pee our Imported patterns; sewing room grow-
ing in favor; open to all;- patterns cut 2Sc up.
McWWELU WSPoMst.
PKOTESTANT girl for general housework;
ico^ii Lome; wages $18. Apply I2J Dolores St..
near Sixteenth.
WASTED— Experienced handa on eklrts: also
Infants' wear. Cat. Underwear Co.. 1025 MJct.
LADY over 25 for refined, pleasant office posi-
tion: s-curity required. Box 182 S. Call offlc*.
WAITRESS; neat and competent girl for filn-
ir.g roi>m. 448 Third st. ___— __
TAII-OP.ESS wanted a« pants finisher. 6Vi
Kearny at. room 18. .
GIRLS GIRLS. GIRLS.
Hiche«t wagea paid to sewing machine oper-
atcre on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 324 Fremont.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirt*: beginners taught. LEV I
STRAU6S «t CO.. 564 Fremont st ; elevator.
LA I -ITS wanted— To learn barber trade; only I
requires I to I weeks to complete; day and
evening c!a*s; Illustrated catalogue and map [
cf dtS mailed fre«>; hatrdrfsting taught In 4 :
weeks' MOLERS BARBER COLLEGE. £35 1
C: «> gL — i
FEW young laSles to Join night school; low I
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market. I
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions !
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH' office for the reception of adver- ]
tlsen-.cr.ts and subscript ior.s has been opened ,
at 1223 Polk ft. i'K" till S p. m.
A BRANCH oOc* for <"all advertiPTnentf and
EubfcrlpUooa has been established at ICK Va-
!>¦•¦ :a *t —
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^IiUKRAT & READY.... PHONE MAIN SMB
turHnr llmr'oymer.t and Let.or Agents,
...WANT HONDA V. 7 A. M
£-> rr.t»n for various positions, wages from
$120 V.U. $l-">. $?t'. ISo. $'¦">• *" 5 . * ci . Wi *°-
|W. $45. UK $30, J25, JL'O. $15 P*r month and
t..'jn.3, «ngineer. t&i; 6 stab'.emen. S3». $3j.
$ij ar.d found; 27 b!ackFn-.itns, also tome help-
ers. $2 75, $2 r.O day. K>. $15, $40. ISO. $tt ar.d
fi'Und- i wheelwrights, carriage-makers and
wooUwi>rl -r f , *3. J2 ZO. 12 (Jay. $4'J. $sf>.5 f >. $50
and f"UTfi: 3 co^ints
Blacksmith, machine chop. cHy $3 50 day
« rough carpenters, fare paid $&•¦>
1) haymakers, difft-rent pood Jobs
$125 day and found
r.3 milkers, butter-makeris •
$X, f39. $25 and found
6 Fheepherdt-rs, $-*5 and found; 25 choremea
and d >rs
!2<) ranch orchard and vineyard hands. $35.
130 fCG, $i"0 and fnund COME SEE LISTS
•'. laborers ' r >r mines <no experience required),
VOULL SUIT. Jil ar.d found; steady year
ri 'md !6 ruir.ens single ne.n<i and machine,
$90 anil J" |
:-f'4 laborers and teamfterf!. city and country
loba CHI P«, $2. $I*s Oay; COME SEE
LISTS
GyrVnen!. ooarr.rr.en; farmers &.n<i wives....
COME WE PAY YOUR KARCS SEE
1">~. rr.»n. sio exjjfcrlence required, anybody will
h- t that's you, to work in mines, wood«.
yarda. wharves, etc.. $26. $00. $35. $4') and
found: ban<l tawyera. screw turners, lumber
pliers, pang efipern-.en. tree fellers and M
other positions. $?>5. $W, |S6. $!». $70. $SO. $v»
and found : 4. r S t'emakers and woodchopperg,
I. $1' .'.'. 12. $1 75, $1 cord, 12c. 13c each, tools,
.•<•., ;<-.un<i
iv»r the other positions come down and read
Li;jboards MURRAY & READY.
634-C36 Clay st.
A— HOTEL. Laundry. Bakery and Other De-
partments— 3S conks
$60. tzo. $45, $40. $35. $3 r i. $25 and found
S* waiters.. s4'). $35. IW. $26, $25, $20 and found
27 dlFhwashers, porters, runners, bell and
«-l»vator boya. $33. $26. J2.">. $2<>. $13 and found
12 laundry men $i.". *3i). $2$ and found
1 second and third hand bakers, also helpers.
%V, to f2C and found. MURRAY &. READY.
€54-C:6 Clay at.
A _£AQ MEN WANTED TO-DAY
Railroad work: long Jobs $2 a day
Free transportation to the work. Apply to
C. It HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary Bt
AT C. U. HANFEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Wanted— Monday morning. at 7:30, with
blank«-ts. r«-ady to go on train, a gang of
teamster* and laborers for the Coast R. R. ;
free fare
20 laborer* for R. U. company work, $1 75 a
day; hoard $4 DO a week; free fare j
X laborers for tawmlUs and woods. $2C and
board, fares aiivani-*-d; 2 boilermakers, coun-
try. $3 60 a day. 20 farmers. $20. $25. $2«. $30:
10 farmers for haying. J; 25 a day and board;
4 blarkt-mlth*. tl 1.0 and 13 a day; 10 milkers.
125 and 130: blacksmith ''<t summer resort, $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 G<-ary at.
A— CHEK. Sf-v. feeend cook, ISO. for summer I
retort; cock, mine boarding-house, $D 0; baker,
country hotel. $i 0: bak<-r. country chop. $40;
2 second cooks, $40 and $".0; 6 cooks, $30, $33
and $4 r> : € waiters, country, $25: 10 dlshwaah-
«-rs and kitchen hands. 129. $25 and $30. C. R.
HANHEN A- CO.. 104 Geary ft.
A—* WAITER!? for R. R. camp: $30 and free
fare. C. R. HANPEN & CO., 104 Geary at.
WANTED— Man and wife for fruit ranch. $M,
call early, see party in city; man and wife
for private place. $50; man ani wife for
poultry ranch. $40. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY,
C2S Sacramento et.
WANTED— Band sawyer. $90 and found: 40
laborers and woods men of all kinds, jack-
•crewers. mill men and others for large lum-
ber frcm $2 day and increase. J. F. CROS-
ETT AGENCY, C2B Sacramento et.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment EL Bernard. 6ec. 104 7th: tel. Jettle V.I.
t MUEICIANS to go to China on U. S. S. So-
lace to form part of band of flarship of
Asiatic station; pay from thirty to thirty-six
<$20 to 536) dollars per month and rations. Ap-
ply before 11 a. m. May 1 on U. 6. receiving
f-h'.p Independence, Mare Island. Cai.
MEN and women to appoint agents, local and
traveling: salary to begin $50 month, e»-
per.tes- rapid advancement; permanent pcsl-
tlor.g. 'BUTLER A ALGER. New Haven, Ct.
WANTED-Kteady man. eatlsfied with $18 per
week: must be able to keep plain acoounta
and assirt In outside work; $100 caah required,
me Market at. room 10.
WANTED immediately — 10 to 15 men and
women to sell 1000 Bhares reliable oil etock
i-arh; mupt J* cood rustlers; fan make from
$5 to $10 per day. For full information address
It Y. CAMPTON. Newhall. Cal.
WANTED— Men and women to learn barber
) trade; only two months required." GORDON
Barber College. 417 N. Main at. Loa Angelea.
i'ANTED- Boy from 18 to IS yeara of age,
ne&tly dressed, for light *ervice; references
required. A^ply Hotel Baltimore, 101J Van
Ners aye.
WANTED— SaWman for retail grocery busi-
ness; give age, experience, reference and
wages expoct<-d. Box ISI2. Call office.
,'ANTED— Man and wife to cook, or man to
work around place. Box IEIO. Call office.
'ANTED-Male and female first-class mas-
t-.-urs (man ani wife preferred); only first-
class nt-ed apply. Address Napa Sanitarium,
Napa. Cal.
EXPERI ENCED boy to feed prlnUng press. It
Stevenson at. Monday.
SMART Industrial insurance collector and can-
vasser. R. RALPH. 455 Montgomery, rm. 6.
WANTED— A milkman: one who can milk IP
cows: f^wias man preferred; wages $25. Apply
at 30« Clay nt. on April 30, from 12 to S p. m.
WHITEWASH Ell. handy man. wanted at mar-
ket £!« C!ay et.. to-day, Sunday.
AN experienced salesman wanted in every coun-
ty: permanent engagement; new ljne; $10
weekly affured. American School of Corre-
ajxjndence. Boston, Alaes. HSffii
29
C I Time Time I Time Time
g. I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a jL W H W L. W H W
« ... 6:21—0.7 12:19 4.9 6:03 2.6 U:2V i.l
10... 6:10—0.8^1:14 4.8 5:47 2.»
. H W L "VV H W L. W
1 ... 0:00 6.0 7:00—0.7 2:VJ 4.7 6:33 3.1
2 ... 0:41 5.7 7:501— f1.S 3:08 4.6 7:27 3.8
3 ... 1:32 5.4 8:42—0.2 4:03 4.5 8:33 3.4
4 ... 2:26 6.1 8:33 0.2 4:5» 4.6 9:57 3.4
5 ... 3:31 4.6 10:29 0.6} 5:SO| 4.S| 11:21 3.2
Steamer.
From.
I Doe.
Uatteawan JTacoma Apr. 29
Curacao [Mexico • Apr. 29
Wellington lOyster Harbor Apr. ti
City of Puebla. Victoria & Put** Sound Apr. M
Aloha' Crescent City Apr. Hi
Valencia Oyster Harbor Apr. »
Kibte ?1 Cal i ..imtsi ...|Apr. M
Octavia {Hamburg „ iApr. *>
Tltanla iN'analmo Apr. X
San Bias. (Panama ~ |Apr. 30
North Fork Humboldt ~.jMay 1
Coo* Bay (Newport May t
Arcata .1 |Coo« Bay May J
Empire [Coos B&y IMay 1
Waiia Walla victoria A Pu^et Sound May i
Acapulco Panama May S
Thyra .......:... China and Japan May 2
Mackinaw Seattle m May I
Willaniett* .... Seattle May 2
Pomona Humboldt May I
Corona San Diego May S
Crescent City... Creac«nt City May 8
Progreso Tacoma May 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 4
Coptic China and Japan May 4
Alameda Sydney May 4
Columbia Portland May 5
Bonlta Newport May S
Samoa Humboldt May 5
THlamook THlamook Bay May 6
Umatllla h Victoria & Puget Sound May 7
Banta Rosa Ban Dteso !May 7
Del Norte Oregon Port* |May 7
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Bonlt* Newport Apr. 29, 9 ami Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt Apr. 29, 2 pmlPler 9
Portland ... Cape Nome Apr. 80, 2pm Pier J4
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.'. Apr. SO, Jpm Pier >
Newburg ... Grays Harbor Apr. 30, "5 pm
i>»tH3 K'.sa i»»" i ¦ »go M»y i. 11 am P'»r 11
Manauense Kahulul May 1. 12 m'Pler 20
Queen Vie A Pirt Sd. May 1, 11 tm Pier 9
Samoa Humboldt May 1. 10 am | Pier 13
Auktralla .. Honolulu May 3. 2pm Pier t
Arcata Coo« Bay May 2. 12 mlPler 13
Coos Bay... Newport May 3. 9am!Plerll
Cty of Rio J China* Japan May S. 1 pmIPMSS
Btate of Call Portland May 3, 11 am Pier 24
North PorklHumboldt May 4, 9am Pier 2
Thyra Chlna&Japan May S
Corona San Dlejto May 5, 11am Pier U
8. Portland Cape Nome.... May 6
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. May *. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico May 7. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland May 8. 10 am Pier 21
Tillamook . Tillaraook May 8. J
Acapulco ..Panama May 8,12 m PMSS
TO
V L.
i«
Secoi
3 Feet.
DATE.
| 1S»».
I 1900.
April IS -
April 15
April IT -
April 13
April 19
April 20-
April 21
. 1
. V
. l!
! i
i
!
10.4C0
10.4C0
10.100
9. SCO
8.200
8.200
».2UO
13.700
12.500
12.100
11.600
11.3(30
12. «)0
14.000
STANISLAUS RIVER
AT
OAKDALE.
Second
Fact.
DATE.
1539.
1300.
Aprtl IS
April 1«
April 17
April 1?
April 19
April 20
April 21......
- i
40<»
50.5
5015
4377
4COO
4000
4123
1150 .
1450
isa
1523
2340
3020
SAN JCXA
AQUIN RIVEH AT 1
II
vDON. <
Becor
nd Feel.
DATE. I-
i
1539.
1300.
-
April 15
April 18
April 17
April IS
April 19
April 20
April 21
80SO
7134
«K0
8403
6405
5130
5^5
Hi;
Ki-
ll--*
133
in:
221:
in
KING' 3 RIVER
AT RED
XI
NTT A!
Seco
>nd F
DATE.
o.
April 13
April IS
April 17
April IS
April 19
April 20
April 21
st:
<X'
5.'!
IB
T COLUMN*
;VER AND C
'a:
kLS
AT
\
GRANGE.
! Mlntr
Tv
Secc
md Ft. bitch
£
DATE.
To
•i
)3
» J 1300 1900.
April 13....
April 16
April 17
April 13
April 13
April 20....
April 21....
7721
804 i
7o:<
«74i
57«<
674;
v
•o
15
n
15
> 1440 24
) 1740 24
> 1740 24
i 2255 24
I 2SOO 24
) 4320 24
> 4073 24
_'_
C 3
83
83
«3
83
«3
63
IE
i>:
IS
»
w
inDockham. J. M. Johnson. Karl
Dove. Alice Prideaux. John 9.
Florentine. Alexander Roser. Albert L.
Gisln. John F. Slebke. Frederic-
Hayes. Henry Southern. Jennie S.
Hobbs, Cart. H. H. Spauldlng. Jerome
Westeate. George E.
BEAUVAIS— In Valencia. Santa Cms County,
April 22. 1300. Larinla D.. wife of the late
Andrew B. Beauvais, and mother of Mrs. «.
E. Milwain and Kate R. Beauvals. a native of
Corinna. Me., aged £6 years ar.d S months.
BIGELOW— In this city, April 27. 1300. Dorcas
F. Bigelcw. mother of Mrs. L. M. Tuttle and
Mrs. I. H. Kittredge. a native of Massachu-
setts, aged S3 years S months and 1 day.
(Bostnn. Mass.. papers please copy.)
CTFriends and aCQuaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2519 Bush street. Interment private.
BLOHM-In Berkeley. Annie Blohm. mother of
Mrs. W. L. Arnold. Mrs. H. D. Kelsey and
Charles H. Blohm. a native of Birmingham.
England. . , .
E7"Funeral services will be held at her late
residence. Shattuck avenue and Berryman
street. Berkeley, to-morrow (Monday), in-
terment private.
BLUM-In this city. April 23. 1?00. Bennett M.
Blum, beloved brother of Jacob Blum, a na-
tive of Dobnyn. Poland, aged 70 X*ar_ •»
months and 25 days. A member of Artel
Lodge. I. O. B. 3.. of San Jose.
C7Triends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of Theodor Dierks. 557 Mission street, tb.er.re-
by 11:30 o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery
for Interment.
BORBA-In Sausa'.lto. April 28. 1900. Manuel P.
Borba. beloved son of M. P. and Maria A.
Borba. a native of Sausallto. aged 14 years.
BORDWELL—In this city. April 17. 19W.
George A. Bordwell. beloved husband of Lii-
zle S. Bordwell. and father of Fred A.. W.
Percy. Frank V.. George Otl*. Paul H. and
Haul* Bordwell. . ...
I_r Funeral at Presbyterian Church. Ala-
meda. to-morrow (Monday), at 1 o'clock. In-
terment private.
BRUNE— In this city. April 26. 1900. Gu»tave.
beloved brother of Henry and Dr. A. E-
Brune, Mrs. C. A. Kern. Mrs. A. O. H*t;e-
dorn. Mrs. D. Pabst and Dledrick. Ernst.
Louis and Fritz Brune. a native of Germany,
aged 33 years o months and 2 days.
CTFuneral this day (Sunday), at I
o'clock, from the parlors of H. F. Suhr * Co..
1137 Mission street, between Seventh an.i
Eighth. Cremation at I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
BUNYAN— In this city. April 26. IXC. Michael
Bunyan. beloved brother of Thomas. Kane
and Peter Bunyan and Mrs. Maria Cron.n.
and uncle of Julia, Norah and Mary Bunyan.
a native of the parish of O'Dorney. County
Kerry-. Ireland, aged 43 years. (New *orU
papers please copy.)
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. A solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul at St. Patrick's Church to-
morrow (Monday), commencing at 9 o docK.
DANTON-In this city. April 27. 1900. Roy B ,
beloved son of J. M. and Agnes Danton. a
native of San Francisco, aged U months.
JC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. :i25 Sixteenth street, near Guerrero.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by car-
riase.
DOCKHAM— In this city. April 2T. 190n. J. M.
Dockham. a native of Maine." aged 63 years.
A member of Evergreen Lodge No. ISI. I. o.
O. F., of Sebastopol. Sonoma County, and of
Santa Ro«a Encampment No. 53. I. O. O. F.,
Santa Rosa.
C7"Frier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall corner of Seventh and Market streets,
where s?rvtces will be held under the aus-
pices of I. O. O. F. Relief Board. Interment
LaurM Hill Cemetery. Remains at the un-
dertaking parlors of J. S. Godeau. STS Mont-
gomery avenue.
DOVE— In this city. April 28. 1900. Alice Dove,
beloved wife of the late James Dove, and
mother of George S. Dove. Mrs. Sarah Tay-
lor and Joseph A. Dove, a native of Notting-
ham, England, aged S3 years and « months.
FLORENTINE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, April 23. 1500. Alexander Florentine, a
native of New York, aged 64 years.
GISIN— In this city. April 28. 1900. John Fred-
erick, beloved sen of C. E. and Mrs. L. I.
Glsin (nee Center), and brother of Erne»t
and George Gisln. a native of San Francisco,
a<»J 9 years 2 months and 23 days.
.TyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parents' resi-
dence, 343S Sixteenth street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HAVES— In East Oakland, April 28. WOO. Henry
Hayes, a native of Reedsvllle. Pa., aged 74
year* 5 months and 25 days.
HOBBS— In this city. April 28, 1300. at his late
residence. 202S Bu»h street. Captain Hiram
H. Hobbs. a native of North Berwick. Maine,
aged CS years.
E^Funeral private.
JOHNSON— In Reedley. Fresno County. CaL,
April 26. 1300, Karl, beloved son of Alfred and
Emma Johnson, and brother of Axil, Alfred
Jr. and Ebenezer Johnson, a native of San
Francisco, aged I year 3 months and 15 days.
B_TFr!ends are respectfully Invited to ai-
tend the funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the residence of his parents.
23D Bryant street, between Twenty-flrst and
Twenty-second. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
LAW— In Clarendon. Texas. April 2S. 1300. Rev.
Victor Marshall Law. aged 47 years.
LEWIS— In this city. April 28. 1900. Jennie, be-
loved wife of the late John Lewis, a native
of Scotland, aged EX years 10 months and _>
days.
C7*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1024-rj Folsom street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery-
MAKIN— In this city. April 2S. 1900. Eunice,
beloved wife of John Makln. and raot-er of
Mary E. Makin. a native of County Donegal.
Ireland, aged e5 yeara.
inXFriends and accualntanees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 314 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencinn at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MATHEWSON— In this city. April 2S. 1900. Nel-
lie, dearly beloved daughter of Nelson N. and
Nellie Mathewson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 2 years 3 months and 3 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the Darents. 60 Natoma street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
MEAD— In this city, April 27, 1900. Charles F.,
beloved husband of Adelaide Meade. and
father of Lillian Mead, a native of Kahway,
N. J.. aged 63 years 9 months and 8 days.
(Massachusetts and Minnesota papers please
copy.)
CJ" Friends and acquaintances and Ladles of
the G. A. R-. and comrades of the Civil War
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at J o'clock, from the
parlors A. W. Martin & Co.. 118 Geary street.
Interment National Cemetery. Presidio Reser-
vation.
MEHSE— In this city. April 21. 1900. Hazel
Inez, beloved daughter of Louts A. and Cora
Mehse. a native of Idaho, aged 4 years 4
months and 20 days.
MICHAELS— In this city. April 27. 1300. Julius
Michaels, beloved husband of Sarah Michaels,
father of Consuela Michaels, beloved son of
G. Michael." and brother of Mn. Max
Abrams. Mrs. H. Abrams. Mrs. 11. Appleton.
- Mrs. H. Bloom and Leo and Ray Michaels and
Manuel Michaels of Hartford. Conn., a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 23 years 7 months
and 12 days.
FT Friends and acquaintances and also
members of Bay City Lodge No. 7L I. O. P.
F., are rc-SDectfully Invited to attend the fu-
neral this day (Sunday), at 10:1 a o'clock, from
629 Golden Gate avenue. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
O'BRIEN— In this city. April 27. 1900. Cather-
ine, beloved wife of Thomas B. O'Brien, and
mother of James 1.. Matthew S.. Edward J..
Antone and Katherine O'Brien and Mrs. J. J.
Miller, a native of Ireland, aged 53 years.
CTFriends of the family art» respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral this day (Sun-
day), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1611 A Sutter street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PHEA— In this city. April 2S. _»00. Walter Har-
vey Ohea. beloved son of Richard Ohea. and
brother of Margaret, Lizzie. George. Robert
and Harry Ohea, a native of San Francisco,
aged 27 years I months and 7 days. (Brook-
lyn. N. V., Chicago and New Orleans papers
please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from Calvary Pres-
byterian Church, corner Powell and Geary
streets, thence by 1 o'clock creek boat to
Mountain View Cemetery for Interment.
PRIDEAUX— In this city. April 26. 1300. John
S.. beloved husband of Rose Prideaux and
father of John H. and Frank W. Prideaux a
native of Dodgevllle. Wls., aged 60 years 5
months and 15 days. (Dodgeville and Mil-
waukee. Wis.. papers Dlease cotiy.)
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 540 Natoma street. Interment Cyprett
Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
ROEER-In this city, April it. 1300. Albert
L. Roser. beloved husband of Agnes M. Roser
and stepfather of George 8.. Walter P and
Arthur E. Ehrenpfort. a native of New York
aged R0 years 1 month and 2S days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited tn attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
HENRY d. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
*_ and » Fifth st. TeL Sooth "C
rUNERAI, DIRECTORS AND SJfBALK-RS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J F Parker &w. lowa j W Chlnn. Vallejo
H C Parker. lowa 'Mis* Brown. San -Rafael
Miss Parker. Icwa A Z_ hner, Los Angeles
J Kaiser, Stockton O Wells. Bakersfleld
C Wilson. Vallejo L Barry. San Jose
J P Silver. Alvarado J McCarthy. Fresno
J Mahon. Merced iH D Roper. Arkansas
T Baruchl A f. Vallejo 'j M Davis. Modesto
J G Bode. Castrovllle iH Scrensen. Los Angela
GRAND HOTEL.
E Huerch. St Louis ;W A Newton. Cnlcago
W C Swain. Cal w a Llttlefleld. Cal
W R Stone. Cal ! R Spear. U S N
P H l'Estrella. Berkly J E Tener. Phenlx
M Sears. U S N a B Stevens. L An;
E Fl3her. Sacramento J Wllzlr.skl. Visalia
H M Earstow. Cal M Greenwald. Arcata
C A Berdlnc. Ferndale T D Witt. St Louis
C H Grimm. Cal ;o R Millet & w.Seattl*
W Dclan. Cal : W E Hampton. L Xr.g
W R MeGuffick. Stktn i> Hlgslns. Denver
E L Jones. Cal ;C P Chandler, Denver
R Lewis. Santa Clara | W s Watson _ w. Pa
E L Smith. Merced j Miss H Watson. Pa
F W Hankey. Honolulu E Crouch. Chlco
J B Mullany. Portland H FerrU. Cal
J C Ellis. Dayton , L Hamberger. Ky
G W Dwinell. Montague J L Russell. S Dakota
G H Foster. _ w, St M McDonald. Colo
Raphael iMlss O'Hara. Cal
C A Myers _ w.Sonora Miss M O'Hara, Cal
H E Haggatt & w, C W Furts. New YorH
Juneau W P SweUert & w,
F J Cressy, L Angeles i San Jo«e
A G Slocum. L Ang ,Dr A L Tlbbetts. Cal
D L McCurdy. Utah ;W S Little. Boetnn
R C Gardner. Truckee H R Hay. Nogales
W D Hendry. Chicago A J Johnston & w. Sac
M Wilson. New York C O Wiggins. Pa
A Simon A w, N York; Miss M McLera .n.Sangr
J H Sterling. Nebr i_is3 L Wortherby.
E Beruck. Monterey I Sander
PALACE HOTEL.
P J Hart, r S N iMn A J Erwta. lad
L Waterbury. X V jG L White, Manterev
Mrs WateTbury, N V (Mrs White. Monterey
, T M Allen. N V IMiss White. Monterey
C O Webber. St Louis 'Mrs R R Rand, Minn
W L Peppei— lan.Wash Miss W Rand. Minn
C Zung. Belgium Mrs R G Evans, Mlna
Dr A R Hull. lowa Mrs Lintner. N V
J F Davis. Jackson Miss Lintner. N T
C F Ackerman. NY R Woldenberg. Cal
J W Foley. U S N 'HA Strauss. Chicago
G Kirkman. Cal 'Mrs Strauss. Chicago
H H Shutts. Chicago :D Kennedy. Phila
A H Gefferey. Oakland Mrs Kennedy. Phlla
C B Kaufman. Cal jMlss E Mlson. Phila
J B Llppenectt. Lcs A'M!.«s Fraude. Phl!a
C L Johnson. Los Ang F B Clarke, St Paul
P A Detmas. Los Ang !F W Baldwin. Cal
Miss Detmas. Lcs Ang J Underwood. Cngo
J J Byrne. Los Ang ;o W Welghtmaa. N V
Mrs H H Shutts. Chgo ; Mrs Welgatman. N V
H H Shutts. Chicago iW E Winship. Cal
T J Field. Monterey E A Wiltsee. Denver
T H Wender. Boston W Wentzer. Cal
J II Rulgot. NY L H Moore. Phlla
W G French. NY ;j R McLean. Boston
J S Chapman. Los Ang F Smith. Trenton
Mrs Chapman. Los A G W Lyon. N V
H»D Hurchburg. Mo iMiss Moody. N V
Mrs Hurchburg. Mo Miss Carey. N V
E I Wills. NY M X Murphy. N V
D E Murphy. Cal Mrs S A Buntnall. NT
Mrs Murphy. Cal . W Fontaine. N V
E Petty. London Mr Kennedy. N V
Mrs A H Bray. Mo G G Gage. S N
O H Bray. St Louis H A Manon. San Jose
S W Bray. St Louis II C CcClure. S Q
Mrs J H Weilly. Mo '
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Alameda County.
Henry «nd Annie Westphal to J. W. Phillips,
lot on W line of San Pablo avenue. (5 N of
Doyle avenue. N 50 by W 200.73. being lot 3.
block A. Doyle Tract. Map 2, Oakland: also
lot 4 and W 50. IS feet of let S and lots 3 and
9, block E. also lot 4, block J. also lot* 1 and 2.
block H. John Doyle Tract. Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Joseph and Sarah H. R. Hume to the Es»
peranza Gold M!o?ng Company (a corporation),
lota 38 and 37. block 6. amended map Central
Park. Alcatra- and Newbury Station. Berke
ley: $1000.
Charles M. WUson to Ingre Wilson, lots %
and 12 block T, Leonard Tract: also lot 10
block T, of above tract. Berkeley; also un
divided quarter Interest In lot on S line of
Twenty-first street. ICO E of West, E 25 by S
100. block 230, Oakland: gift.
Andrew and Jane C. Jonen to Vlncenzo Abena
lota 14 to 17. blcck 3. Map of Berthler's Addi
tion to Jones Tract, being a subdlvisim of
lots 2 and IS. Peralta Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
E. N. Prouty to C. H. McLenathen. lot 30
on map of subdivisions • and 7, Hardy Tract
Berkeley; $ld
Constance A. Meeks and Blanche T. Heath
(executrtccs estate of W. Newtnn Meeks) to
Frederick Bammann. lot on NW lire of
Broadway. 135:9 NE from N corner of Broad
way and Santa Clara avenue. NW 140-2 ND
200. SE 140:2. SW 220 to beginning, being Tots
3 to «. block 2. Hays and Caperton property
Alameda: $4050. »«>P«rty.
Cornelius Brleson to Grace Hagerty (wife of
John F.). lot 9. block I^, Map of Haywards
Park Homestead Union. Eden Township- $10
Alexander Martin to Charles W. Bolles t'hw
S 33:4 feet of lot 5, on subdivision Man of lots
14 and 15. as per survey No. K4 for H C L*«.
100 acre traft. Oakland; $10.
George W. Manuel to Jennie E. Manuel tot
on N line of Fourteenth street. 230 W of Grove
W 70 by N 103:3. belntr portion of plat 235 of J
E. Whltcher's Map, Oakland: gift.
B. Kelsey to A. J. Warren, lot" 10. block H
Amended Map of J. W. Crawford Tract, ault
clalm deed. Oakland: $10. , ct * qult
James Watklns to Robert F. and Ida V
Rodgers. lot on N line 0} Crawford street
336 E of Herzog. E M by N IB being lot 2'
block B, tame. Oakland: $10. * "°'
W. J. and Lettie 11. Baker to John M and
Annie J. Taveira. the E 20 feet of lot 5 and W
7 feet of lot «. block C. Map of Broadway nnd
Telegraph avenue Park Tract, being a resuMl
?and; n s?0 f "^ A** E * W " l< ™ *™«! <££
Annie J. and John Taveira to W J rr a t.
lot on W line of Magnolia street ' Kfi-s « „?
Fifth. 8 23 by W 133:3. being lot 3S Wock 4"8
Brtggs Tract. Map 2, Oakland: $10 "
Margaret E. and Gilbert Wvman tn TT« n ,—
East, lot on SW line of HamlCn place it? V
NW of Oakland avenue. NW Jfl by 9 M h7^
lot 31. Hamilton Tract. Oakland : $10 ' *
Union Savings Bank to same lot nn a n~- ~r
SS»Ss_ff_r?SSs *
•A. M. and Mary C. Benham W n ,»i fh.
M. Tlio-a*. __ P. IteaucsSpYid Rp_sfR p_5fl c E n^
Factory (corporation) (by j b L-nkt^T Jl£
Kiln-toner) to First National Bant of otk'?mi"
REAL. ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
207 Montgomery st.
WE AnVTRTIEE ONLT BARGAINS.
Hlepar-t busir.es* corner; Hayes St.; large lot;
Z-Ftery bulldir.g; ctore and 2 flats; always
rented: rents $*2 50.
N&toma st., near Flirt; 25x75: good house, 10
room* and etabie: rplesdld investment.
*4T:O— EaFtlake cottage. In W. A.; lot T7:6x
127:6; ctoM to car line; S rooms and bath:
large basement; modern.
$2200— Must be «:»:<5: Tremcct aye., near Fred-
erick: i*iM; desirable building lot: make o2«r.
IS2SA— Foreclosure sale: Hill rt.. near Caetro:
modern hruse cf S rooms and bath; elegant
view: lot 23x1!4.
$!I. oo"— Clay st.. r.ear Van Ness: 42x127:?: two
fat* ri 7 rooms and bath and rear cottage;
rent* $£24 per annum: key lot*; bargain.
CHEAP LOTS.
JlinO— North sifie Liberty «t-. near Dolore*;
SCxll*.
5l;oc — Ofcurch «.. near Eighteenth; 27x88.
SJOOO— Twer.ty-elghth St.. near San Jose are.;
rtxr.4.
$:uoo— Twenty -fim et.. near Castro: 25x114.
$££*— Sar.rfcex *t.. near Eighteenth: 15x119.
FIDELITY REAL ESTATE CO..
297 Montgomery st.
JOHN PF^RR, 4C3 Pine Ft..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
js&flo— F".'lmor* rt.. near Haight; 4 fine, nearly
reTv flats: lot SCxSO; rent, $65.
$r^0 — A p;ek-t;p; only a few blocks from
F;ra wherry Hill: a N. W. corner: E2:6x100 feet.
JSTOfi each— 4 aplendia lots. 25x90 each, on
Thirteenth (formerly Ridley) *treet. Just weat
cf Valencia street.
lli-50 each— Five lots. 25x70 each, on Clinton
Park, west of Valencia.
Ik •'.-i>r. < .f $£40 pcx aassxa; store and fiats
or, Geary street.
$3400— Rent £30: a *j>lea_l3 piece of business
property: store and dwelling: Jot 25x71.
FAP.X LOTS— AN EASY METHOD TO GET
ONE.
On inrtallraenta— Rs down and $5 per month:
price SISC; park lot* 21x120 feet each: well lo-
cated: oxlr S~e blocks from the park and four
blocks from the boulevard.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & EKELTON,
223 Montgomery st-
t_*.ooo— Northeast corner Hyde and Francisco
•ts.; fine view of bay: Hy<ie-st. cars pass It;
fcuy It now while you can get It cheap.
j4O(WN>w hnue*: Sixth aye.. r.ear Calif M-cla
•t. : mrxle— 1 every way ; good growing neighbor- 1
b^od
IS. OOO— Third *t-. near Howard: good building
an<! basement: rer.ts $!?» per annum.
$14. &¦»>— Geary rt.. near Larkln; «=tcre ana
flat*; r.ever vacant: rent* $!2O per annum.
ni.MO— Geary st.. r.ear Octavia; large lot. lin-
pro%-ed; rented low, $:'*S p«t annum: lot worta
the price: good investment: make offer.
j— 7/^Xice house; Hartford Ft., near C_stro
ar.d Twentieth; 6 rooms and bath: mortgage.
f.tv> ran remain; ret In a home for W> cash.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery >• *t.
f1250 — ABSOLUTE sacrifice: nearly new 5-room
octtage; stable and large lot; SCth and Dolores
sts.: <!e<-tric car passer ; principal bank loaned
MM at 7 per oent f!x months ago; can remain
If desired ; between brothers; Is cheap for
COOT 1 : opportunity of a lifetime to pay rent to
yrwrflf. P. A. DOLAN. II Montgomery st.
J2o<v>— TWO Cats, five ar.d four rooms: all known
improvements: bay-windo-.-; bulkhead: brick |
walls and foundctlor.; best street; sunny: Mis- 1
510r. ; only two vr>n.r» built; a *aer!Sce; on in- !
rtar.zr.eats: $15 mrr.thly or will exchange for
vacant irvtF ar.y part of city. P. A- DOLAN.
-.1 Montgomery rt.
C C. BEMIS Real Estate and General I_>nd
Agent. 224 Montgomery st.
M— ke offer— Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
ar.d Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
s:k»— North line Carl rt.. near Stanyan: 2lx
:ZT:« feet.
BARGAIN— Cost $:?.0OC: tr'.:i b«'.! $€2X>: elegant
hou«e S> rooms ar.d tat— ; j-arden. Apply 1 to 4. •
EIO Page »t.. between Pierce and Scott. ;
"WILL sell or rer:t IC-room house; nicely fur- j
r.'.shed. A. B. Sn-.!th Furniture Co.. 12S El- ,
_!!___ j
BARGAIN— 7 rocn-.s. bath, basement. lovely j
mantels, sideboard, jass pantry, bay win- j
dew. electric appliances: view of park. W. j
X GRANT, builder. E>ver.th St.. r.ear J. 1
PAYS 12 per cent net— 4 mcierr. fiats; all rent- |
e<J; large lot; $4400: half cash. Apply on 1
premise*. Harrison Ft., near Twenty-f.rct.
MARKET ST. PROPERTY.
30-foot ecmer: unimproved. Address REEL
F TATE. 2? Eighth it.
I;a\'K j«i real mate In tae Mission or Her-,
i-ei's Afifilticn that you wish to dispose ol
•r#-< rail m W J QT^XK. E3(» California «t.
HEAL ESTATE COIMRY — For S_le j
A — fJLVj— TEN acre* !n prunes, apricots and ,
peaches, at San Martlne. Santa Clara Ccunty. ;
with cottage and lot texts! directly opposite; a 1
bargain; ." minute* frrm railroad station.
*13 per acr«— Fine etock. grain and dairy
ranci of —I'JG acres at Halfmocn Bay, San Ma-
teo Cour.tr; bar.k foreclosure.
COLUSA COUNTY BARGAIN.
CO per acre — 3000 acres, rear Arbuckle; re-
claimed land, fully protected by levees: all in
grain which will produce 12 to 15 sacks per j
acre th*e year; rented for one third of the crop,
delivered; crop will go with it if taken coon.
GLENN COUNTY.
$10 per acre— l^'w acres, I*4 miles, north of
Prlncttor.; ha* half a mile river frontace and
near steamer landing: about €00 acree in gro— -
Ing crop, balance being summer fallowed: flr.e j
buildings of every description ar.d completely 1
egjj^ped with stock and tools; if taken soon ¦
crop goes with it.
YOLO COUNTY FRUIT LAND.
$75 per acre— Some of the best orchard land in ¦
the State; r.es.r Woodland, fronting en main
county road; ra'.'.road Ftatlcn on place; will
subdivide: photos at office.
FAN JOSE FRUIT ORCHARD.
21 acres In bearing orchard of prune* and ap-
ricots, with firrt-clas* Improvements cf every ¦
description; enly 2 miles from city; particulars ;
at office.
LAKE COUNTY RESORT.
Thl* beautiful summer report place, situated
at Laurel Dei: Lake, comprif-es 30 acres of land
ar.d hat elegant UlltH Vie— testa of every d^scnp- j
tion ar.d is completely equipped; is op*n the |
year around; boatir^. hunting and fishing, and i
ha/i 1170 visitors last year: good fcr $3000 net
per anr.uin; particulars and tihotos at office.
FAIR OAKS.
A beautiful V.'Az. site of 7H acres, with nice I
oak trees, on a corner in the Polhernus Tract, at i
a bargain; also 40 acres r«n St-lby Lane, sur- :
rounded by beautiful homes.
Particular* of DAVID BUSH. Country Dept..
G. H. UME.SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery Et.
A LOVELY 6>-acre foothill ranch: 20 acre* very
richest of highly cultivated level dark loam;
12 acres bearing orchard; 4'» wooded hill pas-
ture; splendid ft-room residence ; good large
tarn; abundance pure water piped *rery-
where: offered with stock, vehicles and tools;
orly $2iOO; i miles fey good road from Napa.
..:... GIVEN AWAY
Only JfiCflO for Jl6.'">'> first-class general farm:
13 acres: all very test of Napa Valley loam;
Al fencing; complete and elegant Fet build-
Ings co»t and worth over I^>Xj; 12 acre* bear-
ioK orchard; 12 acres resistant vineyard: bal-
ance in frra.'.n; unsurpassed water Fupply; in-
cluding stock, vehicles, tool* and growing :
crop (worth near $4»;>; adjoining railroad
station.
ONLY RSM FOR
Neat ar.fl rood 10-acre place: half In bearing
prune*; adjoining railroad town, center cf
Sar.ta C!ara Valley; residence, etc.
N. D. FICKHLS, the Land Agent.
10 Geary rt.. o;.p. Chronicle building. S. F.
|2t'.r«fX— l2l ACRCS best valley land; 4-roora
bouse and lnspro\'ementa
t'.'S:-' — 112 acre* richest grain or vegetable
land: some In orr-hard: house*, crop* and
teams: mv« be sold Immediately; lnvestigate.
>4&00 — Modern &-rotra house and CTi-acre or-
chard; $550. 4-rocrn country house, large lot. a
rr.ap. Apply to A. WH ELTON, agent. San
I^-andro.
FOR rale at ha'.f price— Beautiful «5-acre ranch
near fianta Cruz: 40 under cultivation. 10 orch-
ard: abundance wood; living rtream; hou«e 7
Turrit and outbuilding*; Drice $4000. WEST-
HRy.LAND CO.. C4O Market rt.. S. F.
AT X DO PER ACRE.
A mountain home of 120 acres. 15 acre* Im-
proved under a ditch c.nd eelf -Irrigating; bal-
ance good fruit and agricultural land; school on
the quarter Faction; «-aj>y payments. T. HEN-
PHRSON. Wergler. Pharta County. CaL
FOR SALE— t_X»: Stock ranch In. Mendoclno
County; over 500 acre*, mostly >we timber
land; Improvement* In best condition; liberal
terms or In rxchange for city property. A.
PCHOHAY. owner. 208 Haye* rt.
tZ*— TWO miles east of Redding, county seat of
Fharta; 20 acre*; fine location; level; some
timber; adapted to fruit of any kind; cost,
year ISS€. $210. before railroad line wa» built;
— -«rt • half of lot JL Shasta Citrus Colony.
__ COFFHY. CIH4 Natoma et.
FOR sale— At a sacrifice. In c thriving e!ty a
few hour* from S. F. ; a *ell paying produce
business and route; established 14 years; also
house. 4 lots, orchard of choice fruits, stable
trranary. chicken houses, etc.; horses and
wagon. Box U'3. Call office.
ETOCK and grain ranch for ¦¦!• In Coluaa
County: 1240 acre*; 110 per acre; 500 grain.
rert hill land. M. E. CHANDON. Marys-
vllh>. Cal. '
JItW— FINE 20-acre ranch; level garden land;
rood house; barn full of hay; fine hurse,
!»u?gy; 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.;
farr 50c: mile to station.
Clearance sale: 50c on the Jl: 2$ fine Im-
proved farms In price* ranging from $1000 to
SSt.GflO each; they belong to a bank and are
ordered sold within sixty days at '¦* appraised
value: easy terms; freight to S. F. $1 a ton;
fare Me. Call for full Drinted descrtDtlon.
Jlso— Nice 10-acre home, on It. R.: nice land;
rome onk trees; payable $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market rt.
A SPLENDID bargain— For sale to close an
estate, popular resort in Santa Cruz moun-
tains: accommodates 100 people; 25 acres
rrapeF, 30 choice fruit, 45 hay and 200 heavy
saw timber; boating, bathing and fishing;
ea*y terms. WESTERN LAND COMPANY.
€40 Market st.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo are.. 3 miles
nf*rth cf Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad —
Valley land by the acre. $1S» to $200. Call for
x=-f». etc.. en G. W. HAIGHT, 401 Cal. Bt.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sal*
THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as thl*
1* the time cf the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range In size from 10 to
40 acres and now sold to Induce Immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
eeekers will never regret securing one of these
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market: good society, rood school* (In-
cluding high school); macadamized roads; S
railroad trains daily from San Francisco;
water for Irrigation when desired: •uperior to
6outhern California for raising all kind* of
citru* fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern California experts: these lands,
w'.th the «ut>erior soils and all other advan-
tages named, will be sold at prices far below
thoee asked In localities hitherto considered
unapproachable in excellence; th*Te t» no mere
independent life than the small diversified
farmer's: the farm* sold before the panic
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally a* much as $100 per acre; you can leave
Fan Francisco on 8 a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hours at Esoarto. and beck to San Francisco
early the same evening; you will find an agent
at Hotel Bame*. Esparto, to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FIPKE. Woodland. Cal.
MARIN CO.. M miles from 8. F.— s4o to $80 per
acre; choice lands in tracts of all sizes; Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands: easy terms; rail
and water transit: good schools. HOME AND
FARM CO.. room 2. Sth floor. Mill* bldg.. 8. F.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
3990 ranches on my sale and exchange Hit.
N. D. SICKELS— the land agent— 10 Geary st.
ACCURATE personal knowledge — each of the
8000 ranches on my SALE AND EXCHANGE
lift N. D. SICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
19 Geary rt.
KOSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
ROES Valley lots— soxlso. «00. or larger piece*
In proportion; San Rafael water sy*tem: fine
rlew; eprlnkled road*: 5 mlnutee* walk from
new station of Kent. 10 minutes from Ros*
•tatlon; all trains stop at these station*. At>-
ply P. ROSS. Kent station, or C. H. STAN-
YAN. 31 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
LARGE list city and country property for ex-
change: send for catalogue. SCHWEINHARD
— : CO.. 817 Market »t.. rooms 1 and 2.
It OO. MS FOR HOCSEK.EEPING.
BUSH, 14C8— Three rooms and bath furnished
for housekeeping. , —
BUSH, 1417. near Polk— Four convenient fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; small private
house: rent $20.
COMPLETELY furnished parlor. I*o bedroom*
and kitchen: rent only $12. including water.
Apply at CIS Second »t^
COR. McAllister. 824 Laguna— Handsomely fur-
nished large sunny frcnt suite. $16: also mod-
em iflttlnrsforlighthskpg__Sjt_jJames.
EDDY, 207— Large front room, $2 75: front room,
running water. $2 25; sunny room. $2.
EIGHTH. J4B. near Market— One or two sunny
fror.t r»ns and kitchen, furnished for house-
keeping; bath. ;
I EIGHTH. 1015— Sunny housekeeping room: fold-
! ing bed; email range; sunny porch; etation-
| ary tubs; $7.
FIFTH, 345— Suite of room* furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, 620 —Large furnished and unfur-
nished; large grounds for children.
FOLPOM. S34— Sunny bay-window room ar.d
kitchen, $3 25: also 2 ethers: closet, bath. $2 50.
FULTON. 30S— 2 sumy rooms, furnished for
housekeeping; hot and cold water; yard.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 129— Two sunny connect-
ing rooms, furnished for housekeeping: rent
__± _—
; HOWARD. 1324— 0ne or two front rooms for
j light housekeeping.
HATES, 461— Four newly furnished rooms and
tarh. $15: also three rooms, $11 50. |
HYDE, 4CJ— Sunny parlor floor cf 2 or 3 rooms,
complete for housekeeping; also single.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 334—1 or 2 rooms for
housekeeping; also single room: reasonable.
GUERRERO. 733— Three beautifully furnished I
rooms; nice nelchborhood : furniture for sale
cheap, with or without upright piano; rooms
to let.
IVY 2:4-3 rooms furnished for housekeeping;
rer.t 13.
JACKSON, 514—2 R-jr.r.y unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; water free.
JESSIE, 267— Furnished and housekeeping room j
to let.
JEFSIE. 476— Furnished rooms for light house-
keeping; also single rooms.
KEARXI. I~t. r.ear Sutter— A front suite. SU:
t-«>. Janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
LARKIN. 707. nr. Ellis— Newly furnished, nice
cltan housekeeping rooms. $15; no children.
LEAVEVWORTH. 1521-2 or 3 rooms furnished
cr unfurnished, for housekeeping.
MARKET. IC-2S — 2 rooms furnished for house- <
keeping. $11; 2 unfurnished $?: 3. $S.
MARKET. IS*, opp. Ter.th— Large *unny al-
cove. $7; also comfortable bedropm and I
kitchen. |
MARTHA place. 6—26 — 2 sunny furnished rooms;
housekeeping: sink; w. c. same floor. I
MINNA, 2S— Furnished housekeeping and single
rooms. 7Ec ar.d $1 per week.
MINNA, 434— Large sunny furnished room,
with stove, $6.
MISSION, Large front and back sunny
room* to let: suitable for housekeeping.
MISSION. &4S— Front room and kitchen, with
fo!6Mr.gb*d: complete for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1113— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
newly furnished; $5 and $5 month.
MISSION. 1735— 2 pleasant connecting front
rooms complete for housekeeping; bath; $12.
MISSION. 2CS3. near Sixteenth— Large front
room, furjjlshed for housekeeping. $4.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
!rr flocr; 2 to 5 rocms; housekps. or otherwl»e.
O'FARRELL. 431 — Two cr three sunny rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; no children.
PINE. 142?. cor. Polk— Two furnished room* for
housekeeping; gas; running water; also one
single room.
POST. 972—4 furnished rooms, with bath, for
housekeeping. Call bet. 1 and 3 and 7 and
8 p. ; m.
EIXTH. 113A — 4 connecting rooms, with piano,
furnished for housekeeping: also other rocms.
EIXTH. 136— Large runny room, light house-
keeping: also other roem«; rent reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 90 — 2 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms, $3; also unfurnished.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— Two sunny front rooms;
nicely furnished; convenient: housekeeping.
SUTTER, 407— Two rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished, for housekeeping.
EUTTER, 823 C —Unfurnished front rooms with
mantel, gas and closets. $S 50. '
EUTTER. 1111, near Larkln— Comfortably furn.
elngle suites: also hkpg.; terms reasonable.
THIRD. S4A— Two rooms complete for house-
keeplng; $6 per month.
TWO unfurnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing: private family; references exchanged.
Address box 1807. Call office.
VAN NESS. 43— Sunny front rooms for house-
keeping. $10 to $18; also single rooms f6r gen-
tlemen, $6 to $10-
VAN NESS aye.. 1021— Front sunny suite with
kitchen: gas range, bath.
2 OR 2 large eunny rooms, connected, for house-
keeplng; sink, bath and gas. 14D1 Powell *t.
$7 A MONTH— Bed and sitting rooms; finely
furnished; Bunny. G. P. H.. box 1562, Call.
$14— BAY-WINDOW; 5 room*: gas and bath;
rooms newly fixed up. 3154 Twenty-second St.,
corner Capp.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been opened
at IR3 I'clV St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertlaementa and
«-b*criptlons has been established at 10M Va-
lencla St.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Ilofnra.
A- BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 141 Sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night: Jl 25 to Ji per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night..
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 524 Bush St.. ad-
joining the Rus* Hotel: 84 rooms; all prices.
BOHEMIA. 2» Post. cor. Stockton— Single and
corner sunny suite*; finest In city; hot and
cold water; elevator; tourists accommodated.
BROADWAY. 635 A —Unfurnished rooms, suites
and single. $2 up.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUFH. 112t— Elegant suite and aingle rooms;
bath; running water: beautiful reception
room; breakfast reasonable; elegant home.
BUSH. 1124. corner Hyde— Sunny corner room*;
lawn, telephone and all conveniences; hot
water and bath.
CALIFORNIA. 832— Nob Hill; elegantly furl shed
sunny rooms; bath and phone.
CAPP, 1020 A —Nice furnished room; private
family.
CARROLTON. 1201 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn.:rms. it office*.
CLEMENTINA. 227. flat B— Fine room to rent
to gentleman by a German lady.
DOLORES. 381— Large sunny furnished room;
reference*.
EDDY. 21&— Booms, day, week or month; best
for. the money la the city.
ROOMS TO LET — I'nrn, and I'nfnru.
EDDY. 431— Sunny furnished room; running
water; gas; bath.
1 EDDY. 732, bet. Polk and Van Ness— Elegant
furn. parlor suite; choice location for doctor.
ELLIS, Bl6— Parlor suite: sunny alcove; use of
kitchen: single room. $6.
ELLIS. 639. corner Larkln— Sunny furnished
room: mantel: gas; for 2; $11.
FOLSOM. £34— Large single sunny front fur-
nlshed room; closet; bath: priv.: $115 week.
FULTON, lit— One single; also double; rent
reasonable^
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms: suites or single: travelers accom.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 6*4— Sunny rooms; fur-
nished: rent very reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 631— Furnished and un-
furnlshed rooms: very reasonable: gents only.
GOLDEN GATE Aye, 121>— Front rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished; gas and bath.
GOUGH. 649, near Fulton— Sunny furnished
room $1 25 a week.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Eunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor: reading room; elevator.
GUERRERO. 1147— Suite of parlors and kitchen.
furnished for housekeeping: $15.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission St.— Select
family rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HANOVER HOUSE. 827 A Howard— Changed
hands ; newly renovated; housekpg. and single.
HARRISON, 7MH. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rocms; bath; all latest lmprove-
mtnts; homelike; $1 week up.
HOWARD. S2>— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
25c to $1 night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD. 1072— Four *unny rooms and bath;
$12 00.
LEAVENWORTH. 405— Sunny front hall room.
$6.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA. 38— To let. 8 rooms with separate
yard and water; rent $8.
NATOMA, ts3H— Nicely furnished *unny front
room. $4 E0: tack room, $4.
NUMBER of large sunny rooms for gentlemen:
$10 to $35; call for list. 613 Examiner bldg.
OAK, 116— Sunny newly furnished front bay-
window room: gas; bath; private family.
OAK, 3Ss— Large front room, nicely furnished,
with private family; with bath and gas;
cheap.
OTARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished room* and
offices: elevator: electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
PINE. Sl3. nr. Powell— Nicely furnished single
front room: closet: private; $6: also* double.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles; running water: gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House. 31S ft 321 Ellis st.— Rooms.
n!r,ht. 26c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 35c to $160; week, $2
to l«; month. $S to MO: elevator on office Coot;
rocmi with hot and cold water: baths.
SHERMAN Apartment Houee. 2S Eighth »t..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STI7VENSON, f.37Vi, bet. Sixth and Seventh-
Large front room neatly furnished.
STEVENSON, 620— Sunny front rooms; elngle or
double; light housekeeping.
TAYLOR. 511, near Geary— Nicely furnished
sunny room.
TAYLOR. 610B — Fine large sunny parlor, upper
Ftory: also side sunny room: moderate.
THE A«tor, 1120 Market— Electric bells, ligbts;
elegant new furniture; single, suites: trans't.
THE OAKS. !19 Third— A rood rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
TO let— N!re runny front rooms for offices and
also furnished rooms; very cheap. Apply at
rooms 1! and 13, IS Montgomery st.
TURK. 613— Furnished sunny sleeplns room; $5
month.
WEBSTER, 711— Two or three large sunny un-
furnished rooms; every convenience.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch cff.ee. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office fcr t v e reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
CHKAPFST and best in America— The Weekly
Tall. 16 pages, sent to any address in th*
Ur.lted Rtate* or Canada one year for $1.
pcctnire paid.
nooMs A.\n no ait d.
A FAMILY having a large, well appointed
and refined home wishes to secure a few
couples to board and room: first-class In every
particular; references required. Address box
3454. Call office.
A— FIRST-CLA.SS family hotel. The Bradbury;
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table; prices moderate: 2 car lines pass aotel:
elevator: telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
»t. : comer Polk, near Van Ness aye.
A— HOTEL La Normandie, 326 Eddy — Sunny
suites and single rooms; everything new; ex-
cellent table and services; prices moderate.
BUCHANAN. «12— Sunny, well-furnished rooms;
cor.; with or without board; phone; reas.; ref.
CALIFORNIA. 2:23— Sunny parlors; also single
room; breakfast if desired; references.
LARGE sunny room, with first-class table. In a
quiet home on Van Ness aye.. for a couple;
$»0 a month: refined people; reference; a few
other boarders taken. Box ISI9, Call.
NEW family hotel: first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special Inducements to
select people. SO7 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
JOHNSON House. 605 O'Farrell— Double and
single Funny rooms, with excellent board;
large grounds: references; reasonable.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms: superior board: $2." up.
BUSH. 1105—2 large elegantly furnished rooms;
2 persons In either, $55; 1, $33: billiards; piano.
HAIGHT. 232— Sunny rooms with board; terms
moderate.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
suites and single rmi.; sunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands: thoroughly renovated: elegant room*.
LAS PALMAS. l? 20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.; private: bath; sin. rms.: board optional.
POWELL. 524-S2B (The He<lges)-Large sunny
rooms; marine view; excellent board: reas'ble.
VAN NESS aye.. 544 (The Wallace)— First-class
appointments; furnished or unfurnished if de-
sired: table supplied v.-lth the best the market
affords; cannot be surpassed; special Induce-
ments to students and oouples; $20.
VAN NESS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished: $20.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
po*t"re paid.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— By young married couple, 2 house-
keeping rooms In private home; furnished or
unfurnished: privilege of bath; vicinity of
Twenty-fifth and Mission Rts. Address, stat-
ing terms, J. E.. 1096 Valencia st.
YOUNG couple, no children, desire 3 sunny fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; best references;
location central. Box 1543. Call Office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chlchetter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other:
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." in letter by return mall: at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
THE Union Oil Co. of California will remove
its office May 1 to the Mills bldg., rooms
21 and 32. seventh floor.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co., 416 Montgomery St.. rooms «-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from 13: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
BEWIKG MACHINES AND SUI'PLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 6th ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, oold. exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGi: AND WAHKHUI'StS.
p7RR^-m)D^LpSr&torage and Moving Co!
Offlce. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market Bt.;
tel. South £35; packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
SUMMER RESORTS.
CAMPING ground at Redwood Crovc: 10 mln^
utes' walk from Fairfax station, near Pan
Rafael: also furnished house of 7 rooms to
rent. Inquire of J. 3. Bellrude, Sausallto, or
J. E. SLINKEY & CO., SE. cor. Market
and Fifth Ht«. •
_______ „
FOB rent— Fine dairy; 100 to 125 cows; In Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a money maker. For further particu-
lars aoply to FRANK HICKAL/LN. 41i J st.,
Bacranjento. ¦ - • • . , ...
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Continued from Pace Thirty-One.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association.
SAN FRANCISCO." CALrFORNIA.
If deceased was a memtter OF ANY ORGAN-
IZATION havirg a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charge for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle fcr the ashes and organ service Is $30.
The* sarr.e for members of his family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
RABBITRY— Corner lot suitable for rabbltry,
J550, will put up buildings, terms, owner;
JHOO. lot 50x150. north side San Antonio aye.,
near Willow st.; $2000 will build a new house
of 5 rooms, lot 35x100. between the railroads,
west of Park St.: JlO6O. nice house, 4 rooms
and basement. large lot. J. H. YOUNG,
1243 Park st. .-;.''
$9000— 4 MODERN houses; 6 rooms: corner lot.
100x125; rent pays 1 per cent per month on
111.000.
J5SOO— Fine NW. corner. 100x150. with modern
house of 10 rooms; great bargain.
Fifteen handsomely furnished houses for rent,
:i5 to $75.
E. D. JUDD CO., 1424 Park st.
BARGAINS ON TERMS.
6, 6 and 7 room cottages; 7. S and 9 room
houses: waterfront property; lot 66x195, on
Central aye.. near Fifth St.: double lV»-»tory
house rents for »24; price $2200. Apply to A.
R. DENKE. Webster-st. station.
$800— FORECLOSURE; modern * room and bath
cottage: sunny eld* of street: 1 blocks from
rtatton and school; terms $100 cash. Sw per
month.
$1900— New modern cottage: 5 rooms and
bath: street work, cement walks, etc.. com-
plete: near station and *:hool; $100 cash. $20
per month.
$1650 cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner In Alameda: »cc this at onc Jv_
Fine modern house: 8 room* and bath; $S000;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot; this Is a snap. ,
H. P. MOREAL - CO.. li» P*t* st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 18 page*, sent to any address In th«
United States, pcstraid. for II per year.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished— lo rooms, bath, large
grounds: best part of Alameda: 3 minute*
from Chestnut station; to lease S months or
longer. Address 1727 Endnal aye.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY R_AI. ESTATE.
$2JOO— SIX rooms and bath: basement floored
and plastered; lot Mxl3s; abundance of fruit
and flowers; sewered; street work all done:
$500 cash, balance on terms. W. C. MORAN.
$2000— NEW. modern cottage of 8 rooms and
bath, to be completed in a few days; comer
lot, 46x125; sewered and fenced: sldewalked:
1 block to car; terms to suit. W. C. MORAN.
$1300— FIVE rooms and bath: 100 feet to car
line; two blocks to station: close to store and
Postofflce: lot 40x105: south frontage: $400
ca»h. balance flat loan. W. C. MORAN.
$1200— GOOD 4-room house and three lots; all
fenced and sewered: near school and church;
two blocks to car; close to station; $150 cash,
balance $12 a month. Including Interest. W.
C. MORAN.
PRUNE ranch of 10 acres In Santa Clara Val-
ley, near Campbell, to exchange for small
home In Berkeley, near university. TV. C.
MORAN. '^.
JSfO-t-ROOM cottara; lot 25x120; fenced and
sewered: good well and pump; near school;
two blocks to carline: cement walk all the
way. W. C. MORAN. Lorin Station. Berkeley.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
J7OO-Close to lorin Station; lot 50x150: fenced;
wells: sewers; city water; S rooms: *50 down,
balance $10 per month.
Il2Ro— sloo down. $16 monthly: lot 40x110; 7
rooms; city water: good plumbing: house Is new
and lot completely fenced: half-way between
Berryman and University stations.
Jl2r,o— Lot tthcttO; 6 rooms; high basement;
sewers: city water; graded otreet: close to Lorin
Station: $50 cash, balance $17 per month.
$1400—7 rooms; good basement; sewers; city
water; sidewalks; street graded; good location;
laree lot.
An 8-room house; unobstructed view; has to
be seen to be appreciated.
Call and get our complete lint of property In
Berkeley. Oakland and Fruitvale.
MONEY TO LOAN.
FLAT OR ON INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
San Francisco office — Room 2, ground floor.
222 San^ome St.; afternoons.
Fruitvale office — Half a block above Fruitvale
Station.
$S5O— A POOR man's chance; cost double: nearly
new; house 5 rooms and bath; barn, trees and
shrubbery: close to station.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
$1050— BIO lot, 50x135: near station; house of 4
good rooms and bath; fine garden.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
$1300— CORNER lot. 45x120; close to school and
station: 2- story house 7 rooms and bath; a
bartrain: easy terms.
~ JlBoO— let. 60x135; right at' station; new
house, modern: contains 5 rooms and bath fin-
ished and 3 unfinished rooms: cheap. '
H. P. IRWIN, Lorin Station.
EXAMINE these new, strictly up-to-date cot-
tages; 6 rooms, porcelain bath; tiled sink,
tinted walls, gas fixtures, cement walks; com-
plete and Ideal; $2000; choice of 3 fine loca-
tions; easy terms.
Some bargains In choice lots.
H. D. IRWIN, R. R. Waiting Room,
Open Sundays. Lorin Station.
SOW In course of construction, a splendidly
arranged house of 10 rooms, bath. etc. : only
two blocks from university. For sale by
MAFON & McI.EKaTHEN. adjoining Post-
office. Berkeley Static^ _¦
A FEW more of these very large lots at' a
very low price In the H'.llegass tract; electric
cars pass the pf>oerty. For sale 'by MASON
& McLENATHEN, Berkeley Station.
6 ACRES, right In the heart of beautiful Berke-
ley; small house, laree barns: very conven-
ient: for sale at a low price. MASON &
McLENATHEN, adjoining Postofflce, Berke-
ley Station.
NEW house, near university; 9 rooms, bath,
etc.; complete In every particular: very ac-
cessible. For sale by MASON & McLENA-
THEX. adjoining Postofflce. Berkeley Station.
2 ACRES: only 3 miles north of Berkeley; 7-
room house, chicken houses, .barn, farming
Implements, horses, buggy, cow. pigeons,
chickens and everything pertaining to the
place; all In first-class condition: only $2500;
$500 cash, balance to suit: also a fine resi-
dence In Berkeley, to exchange for a ranch.
CEO. SCHMIDT. Berkeley. Schmidt block.
NEW cottage 6 rooms, bath, pantry, mantel,
stationary tubs, hot and cold water; brick
foundation, high basement: large lot. 60x140;
all fenced and cross-fenced; chicken houses,
fruit trees, flower garden: price $1200, $100
cash, balance $15 monthly: 3 blocks from sta-
tion: J blocks from 2 electric car lines; close
to school, churches and stores: this Is a snap.
Take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin Station,
ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
GOOD BERKELEY BUYS.
$5000— Choice corner, new; t rooms: elegant
view; close to U. C.
$4500— Colonial home, near U. C: easy terms.
$500—220x190; North Berkeley: snap.
$1500— Modern, nearly new, 5-room cottage;
South Berkeley; easy terms. WURTS, Seven-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. . .
WE offer a centrally located boarding-house,
with furniture or without, at a bargain: also
a new modern dwelling In choice location for
$3700; another of 8 rooms for $3500. In Scenic
Park; all street work done.
O. G. MAY A CO..
7123 Center «t.. Berkeley.
FINELY furnished house of 12 rooms to let; in
the very choicest part of Berkeley; references
required. MASON - McLENATHEN.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
NEW houses for rent; only 4 blocks from Uni-
versity grounds: all the latest Improvements.
MASON & McLENATHEN. .
' Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery ¦_
In Berkeley— Corner lot- 87x160, with modern
house of 9 room*. •
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARD.
"THE PLEASANTON," 2432 Durant aye., will
be open for summer boarders May 15; rates
reasonable; board optional.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVAL.E REAL. ESTATE.
FOR SALE BY H. A. PLEITNER,
$800— Cottage of 4 rooms and basement; fruit
trees, etc.: lot £0x110; $100 cash, balance $12 per
month. *
$850— New cottage of S large rooms, .stable,
good —ell, etc. : lot 75x108; all fenced: easy
terms if desired.
$950— House of S rooms; good well and pump;
lot 37:CxlOO; 3 blocks from local train; $100 cash.
balance $12 per month.
$1500— Modern cottage of 6 rooms and -bath:
stable and chicken houses; choice fruit trees
In bearing; lot 100x100; all fenced; see this for •
a bargain. *
$I&oo— Cottage of 4 rooms, hall and basement; ¦
stable, chicken houses: lot 107x250; all fenced.: :
$2650— V4-aere lot. with cottage of 7 rooms and
bath, mantel, basement: stable, chicken house*: I
fruit trees: fine artesian well, windmill and
tank: located In best part of Fruitvale.
Four acres In bearing orchard; house of 5
rooms and bath; large barn and chicken houses;
fine artesian well, windmill and tank; 3 blocks i
from electric cars.
Chicken ranch: 2V4 acres; house of 6 rooms: 2
stables and outhouse; good well, windmill and -
tank; water piped all over the place; for rent
at $¦$ per month: stock and implements for sale,
consisting of 1050 chickens, GOO pigeons, 4 chick-
en houses, one incubator, one feed cutter, one
bone mill and 4 brooders. For particulars ap-
ply to H. A. PLEITNER.
Fruitvale Station. Cal.
PNLY $1300; new house. S rooms; lot 155x183
feet; fruit trees: fine well of water; terms to
suit. H. W. DAVIS, A«t., 1 block from Fruit-
• vale»Utk)_. - - .. ¦-¦¦ ¦ -
bis father-in-law. Jeremiah Finn. 124 Morris
avenue off Bryant street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SIEBKE— In this city. April 26. 1300. Freder-
ick dearly beloved husband of Katl* diebke.
father of Alfred and Clara Slebke. brother of
Mrs. Anna Hamm. son-in-law of Mr. and
Mrs. Fred IMttmar. ant trother-in-law of
Herman Dittmar. a native of Meldorf. Schles-
wlg-Holstein. Germany. age<i 30 years 3
months and 1 day. -/•
G~Friend3 anJ acquaintance* ar* respect-
fully invited to att-nd the funeral this dny
(?unday> at 1 o'clock, from Union-squar-
Hall 4*l Post street, where services will be
held und»r the au.Tices of Germa.ita Club,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
H F Suhr & Co.. 1107 Mission street.
SOUTHERN-In th!.« city. April 27. 1300 Jen-
nie S b»loved wife of Fred J. southern,
daughter of P. and the late Sarah Laughran.
and sister of May. John. Thomas. V. Ullam
and Joseph Laughran. a native of san Fran-
cisco, aged CS years.
CTFriends and acauaintanres ar» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
• Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of "Porter & White. 122 Eddy ¦«-_.
thence to St. Rose* Church for services at
2:30 o'clock. _,»«,,
SPAULDING-In this city, April 2S, 1900, J«r-
ome. beloved husband of CelestU Spau!<Mng.
and brother of N. W.. Charles Marcenus an<!
Madison Spauldir.g. a native of North Anson.
M» aged S3 years 4 months and 13 days.
CTFriends 'and acquaintances fjy WPW"
fully Invited to attend the funeral Oils day
? Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mas"riie
Tfmp>, enmer Washington and _•»««_
streets. Oakland, under the auspice* of _M .*-
slnn Lodee No. IS?. F. and A. M. I^*™*"*
Mountain View Cemetery. Remains «t t..«
funeral carlcrs of Bunker A Lunt. 2«68 Mis-
sion itreet. San Francisco, until 10:30 a. m.
Sunday.
WESTGATE— In this city. April 23. iro. at h!«
residence. 113 Russ street. George E. »««>•
gate, brother of Ned Westgate of Rio * Ista.
Cal.
*_rßema!ns at the parlors of N. Gray *
Co.. 641 Sacramento street.
CARD OF THANKS.
April 21. \yv.
We wish to return our sincere thanks to all
friends and accua'.ntar.ces who so kindly
showed their respect and sympathy In attend-
ing the funeral of Mrs. Jennie Schmesl: also
the officers of the Supreme Lodge ef the F.
of the f.. and all members of the order: als^
all the officers and members of the Deg— p»»
of Pocahontas. Once more, thanking every
one for their Exeat kindness, we remain, re-
spectfully.
HENRY J. SCTTMEHL. Husband.
JAMES O. MASTEX. Son.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALEJ REAL ESTATE.
FOREST PARK TRACT.
Only a few minutes from the station.
H-acre Lots H-acre Lots >i-acre Lots
in a millionaire's district at a workingman's
Price; for Immediate sale; special prices are
being made for last week of April only.
Lots 1.5 feet deep and any frontage desired:
all streets graded; water piped to every lot; In
Kruitvale sanitary district; over 4000 forest and
rru It trees on this tract; a good speculation If
you do not want a home; we build to suit you;
title guaranteed; close to car and transportation
ttuO-Lots 50x175; choicest part of Fruitvale;
bearing fruit trees on the property.
*fw— L«J 100x175; fine place for chickens.
JiOOO— Chicken ranch 4 rooms; fenced; lot 137 x
1S1; close to cars.
1350— 550 down, balance Jl2 50 per month: well
and pump; lot 50x150; corner; fenced; house of 6
rooms; also chicken houses
$1100—5 rooms; sewer; city water; 3 minutes
from station.
I^~i S0 down - balance 115 50 per month; lot
Svxl-0; fine for chickens; fine fruit trees.
-. _ T MONEY TO LOAN.
-, F^, T^ OR ON * INSTALLMENTS.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY.
Ban Francisco office— Room 2 ground floor 122
Eansome st.; afternoons.
Fruitiale office-Half a block above Fruitvale
Ftation.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
oakjlaxd 11kal estate,
c. eTbunce.
80S Broadway.
SOUND AND SAFE INVESTMENTS. 00 * 1 *
J2500-Lot 100x133 feet, with nice cottage; must
be sold within ten days.
Large I_t of new houses for sale on easy
terms.
400 lots for sale In Oakland, Alameda, Fruit-
vale and Berkeley.
tJOOO— 4SO acres land In Napa for exchange.
1100 per acre; 100 acres of oil land for sale
or exchange; rare chance.
140.000—600 acres near Oakland; stock, fruit
and vegetable ranch.
J4500— 25 acres; 10- room house; barn; fruit;
fine Improvements.
»3500— 3:0 acres; grain ranch.
Ranches for sale from 20 acres to 50.000 acres.
1.000,000 acres for sale In Mexico at 50 cents
per acre, close to navigable river; well adapted
for colonization.
Thirty-page catalogue of ranches and homes.
Large list of California and Eastern property
for exchange.
I have good business chances of all kinds for
sale.
Oakland property for exchange for San Fran-
cisco property.
Before you buy or loan your money on Cali-
fornia real estate get my opinion of Its value
for your own protection.
E. E. BUNCE.
908 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
4 ACRES at Fruitvale, with house, family
orchard. 6 chicken houses, etc., at a sacrifice:
owner soon off for Cape Nome the reason for
selling: apply quickly. ALDEN CO.. 1113
Broadway.
JIO6O— GROCERY store and 4 rooms, with lot
25x100. all for JI050; the best snap ever offered
In Oakland; good location and half-price.
ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
WE have plenty of money to loan on real
estate, furniture, pianos, etc. ALDEN CO.,
111S Broadway.
$2600 INVESTMENT.
Two modern flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
first-class condition; Market-st. station; pay 1
per cent monthly on Investment.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
. _____________
Houm of 7 rooms and bath In the best resi-
dence portion of Oakland; modern conveni-
ences; close to cars, schools, etc.; now being
offered at above price; actually worth SSZ-jO;
must be sold; terms easy.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
1100 CASH, ?8 50 monthly. *i acre, more or
less. 3-room cottage, all picket fenced: shade
and fruit tree* and shrubbery: fine spring.
also city water in the house: away from cold
winds and fog; close to steam local, electric
cars and model school; sell the very best:
price, all told. $J5O; Galindo tract. Fruitvale.
adjoining Oakland; call or send for circular;
455 Seventh St.. near corner Broadway, Oak-
land: carriage free. H. Z. JONES, Owner.
FOR sale— Fine home. 8 rooms: large garden:
on Slxteenth-st. electric line: bargain. Ad-
dress F. N.. 1431 Bush St.. San Francisco.
ELEGANT modern 5-room cottage: lot 3^135;
nice yard: concrete walks: fruit trees: chick-
en house. Particulars r ( «7 !sth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FimxiSnED FLATS.
$20— FLAT; 7 rooms; complete for housekeep-
ing: gas range. 51R E Fifteenth St.. Oakland.
OAKUM) FURNITURE FOR SAL_.
AN Introduction to you from 11. Schellhaa*. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OIVIOEXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 104 (50 cents
per share) of the Oceanic Steamship Company
will be payable at the office of the cempany.
127 Market St., on and after Tuesday, May 1,
1800. Transfer books will close on Wednesday,
April 25. 1900, at 3 o'clock p. m.
W. P. K. GIBSON. Acting Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage license* have been Issued as follows:
Harry C. Guffln. 27, 832 Mission street, and
Maude Smith. IS. 733 Pine street.
Ivar Glasberg, 33. 4;6 Sixth street, and Marie
Koenig. 2S. 617 Birch avenue.
Domenioo Franco. 23, 1313 Dupont street, and
Mary Carbonl. 21. 1313 Dupont street.
William H. Miller. 49. 2C3 Powell street, and
Virginia McLean, 42. 203 Powell street.
Henry G. Boell, 28, 503 Greenwich street, and
Julia M. Alvarez. 2S. 3 Kramer place.
Henry R. Lytle. 29, Davisvllle. and Crlstlna
Murray. 2S. 140 Laldley street.
Henry Gorman, 27, city, and Josephine Alg-
ner, 20, city.
Frank Murray. 26, 2074 Mission street, and
Margaret Malton. 23. 907 Minna street. •
Albert J. Watson, 27, 105 California avenue,
and Caroline S. Kreth. 27. 1445 Thirteenth aye.
Joseph A, Bush. 26, 837 Capp street, and
Agnes Lyons, 22, 511 Ivy avenue.
Patrick GrealUh. 31, city, and Nora Rooney,
26. city.
Thomas H. Filmer. 23. 534 Halght street, and
Alfrlda Fallln. 20. Hanford.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notice* *ent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be-
lndorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BLAKE— In San Jose, April 23. 1900. to the wife
of George W. Blake, a son.
COLLINS— In this city. April 21. 1900, to the
wife of John J. Collins, a dauchter.
FREDRICKS— In this city, April 17, 1900. to the
wife of W. D. Ftedrtcks, a son.
GOODWIN— In this city. April 24. 1900. to the
wife of William F. Goodwin, a daughter.
HALEY— In this city. April 23. 1900. to the wife
of Chris Haley, a daughter.
HARGENS— In this city. April 23. 1900. to the
wife- of Emll J. Hargens. a daughter.
HARRISON— In this city. April 26. 1900, to the
wife *f W. H. Harrison, a daughter.
LO ROMER— m this city, April 22, 1900, to the
wife of J. B. Lo Romer, a son.
MATTSON— In this city. April 22. 1900. to the
wife of Captain John Malison, a daughter.
NELSON— In this city, April 26. 1900, to the
wife of John W. Nelson, a son.
ROSE— In this city. April 24, 1900, to the wife
of J. W. Rose, a daughter.
SPRECKELS— In this city. April 22. IMO. to the
wife of Richard Spreckels, a daughter.
BTANGE— In this city. April 17, 1900. to the
wife of John E. W. Stance, a son.
MARRIED.
BAHLS— TUM SUDEN— In East Oakland. April
26. 1900, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Hermann
Bahls and Alma, turn Suden.
BOCCA— DE ROSA— In this city. April 25. 1900.
at St. Francis Church, by the Rev. Father
McGough. William A. Bocca of New York and
Abble de Rosa of San Francisco.
CASTLE— O'BRIEN-In this city. April 24. 1900.
at St. John's Church, by the Rev. Father P.
D. Brady. John Charles Castle and Kate M.
O'Brien.
HOWE— HOWK— In this city. April 25. 1900, by
J.-12. Barry. Justice of the Peace. James T.
Howe and Madge Howe, both of San Fran-
cisco.
JOHNSTON— SOPER— In this city, April 25,
1900. by the Rev. Father Collins of St. Jo-
seph's Church, Robert H. Johnston and Mac
E. Soper. both of San Francisco.
MINOR— CLAASSEN— In San Rafael. April 13.
1500, Elliott B." Minor of San Jose and Emma
S. Claassen of San Francisco.
MURNANE— DELANEY— In this city, April 22.
1300. by the Rev. Father McGough. Patrick
Murnane and Mary Delaney, both of San
Francisco. .
PERRY— LIGON— ApriI IS. 1900. by the Rev. C.
L. Mell of Sacramento, assisted by the Rev.
W. N. Bours. Eugene T. Perry and Aline
. Ligon, both of San Francisco.
DIED. ~~~ ~~
.Beauvals. Levinla D. Law. Rev. Victor M.
• Blgelow. Dorcas F. Lewis, Jennie
Blohm. Annie Makln. Eunice
Blum. Bennett M. Mead. Charles F.
Borba. Manuel P. Mehse. Hazel I.
Bordwell, George A. Mathewson. Nellie
Brune, Gustave Michaels. Julius
Bunyan, Michael O'Brien, Catherine
Danton. Roy B. - Ohea. Walter _.
ANTWERP— SaiIed April 23— Stmr South
wark. for New Ynrk.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed April 2S— Stmr New
York, from Southampton, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed April 2S— Strar La Bretagne.
for New Ycrk.
NAPLES— Arrived April 23— Strar Werra.
from New York, for Genoa.
BREMEN— SaiIed April 2S— Stinr Maine, for
New York, via Cherbourg.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 29, 1900.
30THE STOCK MARKET.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. APRIL 28.
Flour, qr sks 15,425 Sugar, bbla 190
Wheat, ctls 2.365 Chicory, bbls 10
Barley, ctls 60,542 Pelts, bdls E62
Rye » ctls 460 Hides, N0..... 978
Butter, ctls 733 Leather, rolls .... 127
Cheese . ctls 179 Wine, gallons ... .18,400
Tallow, ctl 217 Quicksilver, flasks 113
Beans, *ks 37S Wool, bags us
Potatoes, sks .... 1.446 Eggs, dozen 25.490
Onions, sks ....... 335 Lime, bbls 91
Middlings, sks.... 205 Hops, bales 21
Sugar, sks 600 Hay, ton* 428
Mustard, sks 11
OREGON,
Flour, qr Bks 2,556 |
via. from ITnmhurs. etc.
failed Anril 2S — Stmr Statendam, for Rotter
dam, via Bou!ocijp: stmr Trave. for Genoa:
stmr Thlnsvalla. for Cr>penh-ici»n. etc; »tmr
Palat'si. for Hambrrs. via Cherbour*.
HON'GKONfl— Arrived prtor to April 2%— Stmr
Honekrnr Maru. from San Francisco, via
Honolulu and Yokohama. •
BniSBANK— Arrived April M—Stmr Warrt
mon. from Vancouver.
GKNOA— Sailed April 28— Stmr Ems. far New
York.
I-IVERP<X>t^SaUed April 28— Stmr Etrorla.
for New York.
Continued on Pa ere Thirty.
Steamer Movements.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. April 28.
Stmr Bonita. Gray. 90 hours f.-oni Newport
Ship Luctle. Hansen. 5% days from Seattle.
Schr Esther Buhne, Anderaon, 7 days from
New Whatcom.
Schr Roy Somers. Soiland, 8 days from Port
Gamble.
CLEARED.
Saturday. April 23.
Stmr Pern. Irvine. Panama; P M 8 3 Co.
Stmr Bonita. Qray. Saa PeJro; Uoodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodall.
Perkins & Co.
Br stn-.r Robert Adamson. Mclntyre. Che
mainus: It Dunsmulr Sons Co.
Br shiD Gen Roberts. Fearon, Queenatown;
Epplnger & Co.
Hark Harvester, Krebs, Karluk; Hume Bros
& Hume.
Bark Merom. Peterson. Kaxluk; Alaska. Pack
ers' Association.
Schr Herman. Thunnell. Kodlak; North Am
Schr C T Hill. Undhal. Kodlak; North Am
Com Co.
Schr W S Phelps, Noyes. Maiatlan. Clipper
ton Island and aealtne; Wm Johnson.
SAILED
Saturday. April S3.
Stmr Washtenaw, Gllboy, Tacoma.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria.
Stmr Peru. Irvine. Panama.
Stmr Crescent City, Stocltaeth. Crescent City.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Ship St Nicholas. Brown. Bristol Bay.
Br ship Jessomenw, Thomas, Queenstawß.
Bark Harvester. Krebe, Karlulc.
Bark Martha Davis. McAlman. Hllo.
Bktn Catherine Sudden. Panno. Cap« Nora*.
Schr Volant. Ericsson, .
Pchr Nettle Sundbor*. Nelson. ¦.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. Bowens Landing-.
Schr Twilight. Centhen. Klhel and Fanning
Island.
Schr Una, Hark Ins. Cap* Nome.
Schr J G Wall. BJornstrom. Cap* Noras.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. Coqullle River.
Schr Occidental, Rosich. Orays Harbor..
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3, April 23. 10 p m— We*ther
foggy; wind BW, velocity 18 mile*
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— PaIIed April 23— Schr John
D Tallant. for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNO— Arrived April XS— Btaw
Newark, hence April 27.
GREENWOOD— Arrived April 23— Stair Ale*
traz, hence April 27.
Salted April 23— Stmr Whitesboro. for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed April M— Schr
Ethel Zane. for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived April 23 — Btmr Newsboy,
hence April 24.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed April 23 — Star
Santa Cruz, hence April 20. for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April 2S— Schr Metecr.
for Port T&wnsend; stmr gunol. for San Fran
cisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived ADiil 27— Stinr Al-Kl. fm
Ekaguay; stmr Signal, hence April 19; stmr
Mackinaw, hence April 22. April 23— Stmr Santa
Cruz, hence Aaril 20.
Sailed April 23— Stmr Newport, for Dutch
Harbor.
EURETCA— Arrived April 28— Stxar» North
Fork and Luella. hene* April 28.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April JS— Sahr
Defiance, for Port Townsend.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Acrtl 23— Star State of
California, for Pan Francisco.
Arrived April 28— Tag Samson, hence April 21.
FOREIGN PORTS.
FLEETWOOD— Arrived April 27— Br ship
Leyland Brothers, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 28— Stmr China,
hence April 27.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to April 23— Ja?
stmr Hnnekonp Maru. hence March 81.
SHlELDS— Arrived April 27— Br ship Kelat,
hence Dec 21. !/
RUNCORN— Arrived April 2*— Ger ship Adolf,
from Portland!
. . OCEAN STEAMERS.
NAGASAKI-Salled April 2S-Strar Victoria,
for San Franel3co.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to April 2S— Btmr
China, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Honjkonsr.
Sailed April 28— Stmr Sikh, from Hongkong,
for Tacoma.
NEW YORK— Arrived ADrtl 2S— Btmr Bata-
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 60: Mixed Feed,*|l« 60;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common to rood: $9 60
for choice and occasionally $10; Wh«at and Oat.
$6 60@9; Oat. $<i®B; Barley. $5®7; Alfalfa, $6@
7 60 per ton. -
STRAW— 2S©BSc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
BEANS— Bayos. $303 16; small White, $3 25 Q
2 60; large White. $3 20«3 15; Pink. $3 KQ* W;
Red. $3©S 60; Blackeye, $4^; Butters, nomi
nal; Lima, $5 26; Pea, $3 40®3 60; Red Kidneys.
S3 50® 4.
SF EDS— Brown Mustard. ' nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%@4Xc; Flax. $1 So@2 20; Canary,
3Hc per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9@loc; Rape. 2%53c; Harnp. 4©4% c:
""DRIED P% 4 Afr-Nlles. $1 90@l 25; Green. $1 90
@2 25 per ctl. •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The market Is well supplied with all descrip
tions, especially Peas and Rhubarb.
Receipts were 707 boxes Asparagus, 451 boxes
Rhubarb, 832 cacks Pea* and 525 sacks New
Potatoes. " ¦ '
POTATOES— Burbanks. 4O@7Dc per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 6O@9pc; New Potatoes, l@l%c.
ONIONS— New Red. $1 25®1 75 per ctl; Aus
tralian. $8 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 25©$1 per box;
Asparagus. 75c?25l 25 per box for No. 3 and
$1 60iS2'for No. 1 and $2 25®2 50 for fancy large;
Green Peas, 75c@$l per sack for common and
2V-@4c for Garden; String Beans, 7@Bc for
Los Angeles and B@loc for Vacaville; Hors*
Beans 75c«?$l per sk; Cabbage. 40<350c; Toma
toes, $I@l 75; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, SQ
10c; Dried Okra, 32% c per lb: Garlic. So:
Green Peppers from Los Angeles, 7@loc; Dried
Peppers, B<arioc; Carrots. i!s@Ssc per sack; Los
Angeles Summer Squash. $1 25@1 50 per box;
Cucumbers, 50 if 7sc per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Two or thre« cars of Eastern will be offered
to-morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@llc tor Gob
blers and 13Q14c for Hens; Geese, per pelr,
$1 75^2; Gosling $2 25©2 50: Ducks. $4 501T5 50
for old and $557 for young: Hens, $sg«;
Young Roosters $C 50©7: Old Roosters, $4 25®
4 60- Fryers, $5 SOS*; Broilers, $3 bOQi 50 for
large and $2 50©3 for small; Pigeons, $1 75®3 per
dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There waa no particular disturbance of values
yesterday, the market being tame and dull.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery. 17%@18c; seconds,
17c
Dairy— Fancy. 16%@17c; good to choice, 14®
16c; common, 14c.
CHEKSK— New, 7H®Bc; Tounff America. 89
BH<*: Ka>it»>rn. 16«717c: Western. 15f115e p»r lb.
KGGS— Quoted at H^lSc for store and 169
17c per dozen for ranch. ""
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. \
Cherries continue to hold their own very well.
and Strawberries also sell off without diffi
culty.
Citrus fruits stand about the same. Two
steamers fall due with Mexican Limes to
morrow.
L>t.<. IDUOt'S FRUITS—
APPLfP-fIWH? "fr tv-x.
STRAWBERRIES— S4S 7 per chest for large
and JT^IO for small berries. Itecelpta were
350 chests.
CHEnRIES— SO©7So per box tor common red
and white and 65c@$l 25 for black. Receipts
were 719 boxes. \. ,
UITKUb tttlHTS— Nairel Oranges, $1 255J2 .3
per box; Seedlings. 75ciff$l 75; Lemons, $I©l 50
lor common and $2@2 E0 for good to choice:
Mexican Ltmes. $4(04 00; Bananas. $1 25g2 oO
per bunch; Pineapples, $3 50®4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DP.IED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, t%e for
40-50' s, 3Hc for SO-SO* ». 3'.4c for 60-70' s. 3©3Uc for
70-80's. 2%@3c for 80-90'h and 2%c for 90-100's;
Apricots. SiftlOc for Royals and 10S11C for
Moorparks: Peaches, 4%@5c for Standards, 5c
for choice and 6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches, 103
12% c; Evaporated Apples, s%iff6c; Pun-dried, Jfl
4c per lb; Pear«, 3%@4%c for dark and 7SBc for
bright halves; Black Figt. I^t2c; White Figs,
2(g3c; Bleached Plums. 7%c; unbleached Plums,
6c for pitted and lHc for unpitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's —Fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prlnu. 6c: un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb., S'-c; choice, "'-c: standard, 6v*c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
EO-lb boxes, sc; 2-crown, locße Muscatel*. s"*c;
S-crown, 6^o: 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown $1 E0 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehefa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are I. o- b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS — Walnuts. B©9c for 6tandard» and
IKtJICc for Hoftghells; Almonds. HVsgl2c for
paper shell, OfclOc for soft and 4'<}sc for hard
Fh»ll. Peanuts Z%Q6%c for Eastern and 5c for
California. 'Brazil Nuts. 7%©Be. Filberts, 12(9
12Hc. Pecans, llftlSa. Cocoanuts, $4 oC&i.
HONEY— Comb. 11%©12 c for bright and I3%t*
lie for lljfht amber; water white extracted.
~y*c; Hsht amber extracted, 7Vis7%c; dark,
Bi*4i6c p-er lb.
BEESWAX— 24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy,
lie for lisht medium, ttc for liffht, lie fcr ex
tra light and 14% c for surar cured. Eastern
RUgar-cured Hams. UVi'g'Wc; Mess Beef, 512 per
libl- extra Mess, $13; Family, Sl4; extra Prime
Pork $H BO&tf; extra clear. $19; ILeaa, 118 60;
EiTiOkVd Beef. 12%©13 c per lb.
LAUD— Tierces quoted at 7®Ro per lb for
compound and BH«9a for pure; half-barrels.
r>ure M4ci J«-lb tin?; 9%c: £-lb tin*. 10% c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. Sii©B%c per lb; nalf
bnrrels, i^G^-ic; 10-lb tins. 9Vic.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
All descriptions under this head are dull and
featureless.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands s»ll
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
lOJfllc; medium, 9%c; light. »S3%c; Cowhides.
9519'/6e; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 9®9%c; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, 18@19c; culla and brands,
15c; Dry Kip and Veal, lCSlfc; Dry Calf, 19^
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15@30c each; short
Wool 35<7760e each; medium. 70<@S0c: long Wool,
$Iftl 25 each; Horse Hides, $2 25q3 for large
and $12510175 fcr small; Colts. 25©50 c. Deer
Skins— Summer cr red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins. 3ic; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
SOc: medium, 25c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5®5%c per lb; No.
2 4<3H*c: refined. 6%c; grease. 2%f12e.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16® 18c; Northern defective, 139
16c- Middle County., free, 16@17c; Middle
County defective. 13<315c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'. 12«P14c: do, free 7 months'. lfStte:
do defective. 7 months'. 10012 c; Humboldt and
Mendocino, 21#23c; Nevada, 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— 6<g9c per lb,
San Francisco Meat Market.
With the exception of Hogs, which continue
scarce, the demand and supply* about balance
and quotations show no change.
BEEF— 6&7c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— tVjSJSc per I*>- „,
MUTTON— Wethers, 737% c; ewes. 6%©7e per
LAMB— Spring. S39c per lb.
PORK— Live Hcgs, 5%<56%c for small and
medium and s%©s>ic for large: stock Hcgs and
feeders sVi#s%c; dressed Hogs, 7®BHc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags, $3 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6%@6%c; Wool Bags, 28%@32%c;
Fleece Twine. 7%c
COAL— Wellington. (8 per ton: new Welling
ton. JS: Southfield Wellington. V 60; Seattle,
J6 60: Bryant, J6 60; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $8;
Co-operative Wallsend. J8; Cumberland, til in
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $1S
per ton in bulk and 117 In sacks: Castle Gate
and nook Springs." $S 48 p«-r 2000 lb».
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per 1b In 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6.60 c; Powdered,
6 60c; Candy Granulated, 6.10 c: Dry Granulated.
6c- Confectioners' A, oc: Magnolia A. 4.80 c;
Extra C, 4.50 c; Golden C. 4.40 c; barrels. 100
more: half-barrels. 25c more; boxes, 60c more;
60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken for leas
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlsoa,
half-barrels. 6.73 c; boxes, 6c per lb.
Discharge of California Rivers.
Tie followiov record of the estimated dally
dlrcharge of certain California rivers Is fur
a'jhed by J. B. Llpplncott, resident hydro
tcrafher of the United States Geological Survey.
One secend foot equals 50 miners' Inches:
$94 25 to J9J. There were no other variation*
worthy of note.
The Geary-street Railroad will pay a divi
dend of 600 to-morrow.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. April 23— U m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask
U S Bonds— Dqult O L* Co. 2S »
4s quar coup... — — Mutual El Co. — 11
4s do reg.......1HUU5% OG L & H.... « 60
4g do cp new.. 133 — Pac Oas Imp.. 46% —
Es do coup — 110U Pac LCo — 43
Miscellaneous— SF G & 8.... 48 —
Cal-st Cab 55.. 119 120 San Francisco. 4% 4%
C C Water 55. .107 — 3tkn O&ECo 10 —
Ed L A P 65.. 130 — Insurance —
F&CI Ry 65..115 — Flrem's Fund.ttT —
Geary-st R ss. — «J% Bank Stocks—
H C & S S%s. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. «4* —
Do 5s 105%— E»nk of Ca1...4M —
LARy Ss 104 — Cal SD & T..lM* —
LAL Co 65... — — First National. — »•
Do gntd 65... 88 100% Lon P & A. ...132% —
Do gntd 65... — 101 Merchants' Ex IS —
LA& P R 55. 102% — Nev Nat 8k... — —
Market-st (5...128Vl — Savings Ban'xs—
t Do Ist m 85..117U — Ger S & L..ISSO ZOOO
NCNOHII.- 114 Hum S <c L... — —
NR of Cal e5.113% — Mut Say 8k... 45% —
NP of Cal 65. 115% — S F Bay U....515 —
NPC R R 65.105 — Say & L 50... 74 71
Do 5s 107% — Sec Say 8k.... — —
N Cal R R S«.US — Union T C 0.... — —
Oak O L-.tH59.1W — Btreet Railroads-
Oak Trans 8a. .114% — California 121% —
Oak WCo 6i.. — 106% Oeary-st *n — ,
Oceanic 8 C 0. .107 — Market-st Ry.. Wi n%
Om CRy ts. .MSUm OS L & H-... - 50
P&CI Ry 85. 104% — Presidio 18 —
P&OR R 6s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.11T — California 15« MR
Par L * GR5s. 90 — Giant Con Co.. 82% 83%
S F & SJV 55.117%U5% Vlgorlt »% i\
3 Ry of Cal 6». 111*4 — Sugar Stocks—
SPof A 65.... 114%114% Hana S P Cc^. — W.
Do (1908) 109 110 Haw C&S Co 87% 89
Do (1906) limn 3 Honokaa S Co. 32 W 52%
Do (1911) 119%120 Hutch 8 P Co. !«» 24%
Do Ist cc ss. — — Kllauea S Co.. 21 21%
S P Br 65.. 127%128U Makawell S Co 47»4 4S
S V "Water C 5.114% — Onomea S Co.. 27 25%
Do 4s 104 — Paauhau S Co. 109* 31
8V Vi (3d m). 102 — Miscellaneous—
Stktn Gas 65.. W — Al Pack Assn.llSH —
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asa.los\lo«%
Contra Costa.. M% 85 Mer Ex As«n.. — IV)
Marin County. 60 — Oceanic 8 Co.. 93 KM
Spring Valley. »4% — Pao A F A.... 2 —
r.as &. Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.150 —
Cent LAP... 3% 3% Par Paint Co.. 19 —
Cent G L Co.. — —
Mornlns Session.
Board —
I6OCO S F & S J V..'. »« 00
$5000 Market-street Railway 6s 117 50
100 Makawell -— 47 75
25 Equitable Gas 2 T5
10 Market-street « 23
50 California Safe Deposit 104 00
10 California Fruit Canners 106 CO
10 Paauhau ~ 30 7»
50 Paauhau «> *<>
100 Paauhau So 62%
250 llonokaa W 2j
10 Hawaiian — 83 00
15 Oceanic Steamship Co ** CO
6 Oceanic Steamship Co *3 oO
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 93 12%
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 93 00
45 Alaska Packers' Association. 113 60
40 Hutchtnson S P Co 24 &>
SO S F Gas &. Electric Co 43 &>
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board—
200 Barker Ranca — 115
450 Home Oil 6 00
400 Home OH ~.. 4 95
50 Yukon 116
MINING STOCKS. -
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Seeslon.
100 Belcher 13 ICO Crown Point ... 12
50 Belcher U 200 Gould ft Curry. 23
2PO Best & Belcher. IS 50" Justice 03
100 Caledonia 1 43 100 Potesl 25
100 Caledonia 1 40 300 Savage CS
COO Con Cal & Va..l 55 < 200 Union Con 23
200 Chollar 22!
• Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher U 7ro Justice C3~
200 Best & Belcher. 22 S'~« Occidental 10
100 Caledonia 1 45 3PO Ophir 62
200 Challenge Con.. 17 60<i Ophlr 63
200 Chollar 24 ECO Potnsl 23
liX) Con Cal & Va..l E3I 400 Potost 27
100 C C & Va 1 S2 1 , 1 3i*o Savage 07
800 Crown Point ..: 12 150 S>rra Nevada.. 44
too Crown Point ... 13! 200 Utah 11
$00 Gould &. Curry. Ml 600 Yellow Jacket.. 24
500 Justice 04
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 23— 12 m.
Bid.Ask.l Bld.Ask.
Alpha 03 C4:ju«tic» 03 04
Alta <M C 5 Kentuok — 01
Amies f3 1" l>a<ly Washgtn. — 03
Relcher 15 16 Mexican S2 33
Best & Belcher. 22 23 Occidental 6* 10
Bullion C 3 04 Orhlr «3 <t
Caledonia 145 1 F. 5 Overman 21 22
Chnllar 14 Zr, Pntnsl 27 23
Challenge Con., 15 17 Savage 07 03
Con Cal & Va..l 83 160 Scorpion — 02
Confidence 85 87 .«eg Belcber .... 03 04
Con Imperial .. — 01 Plerra Nevada.. 43 41
Con New York. — 04 Riiver HSU 17 13
Crown Point..™ 13 14iSt Louis — 12
Ftireka Con .... — 50 Standard BSOS 63
F-xcherjtier — 03'Pyndlcate 06 —
Oould & Curry. 24 2S Union Con 24 28
Hale & Norc... 84 Sfi Utah 11 12
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 24 25
AUCTION SALES
SALE OF THE Si A - ON.
Consignment of 80 head of choice, well broke
HORSE 3 AND MARES from the Smith ranch,
Fresno. Monday. April 30. 11 o'clock, at Sales-
yard. 1574 MARKET ST.. between Eiehth ana
Ninth, near Larkln. San Francisco. I will sell
at public auction SO head of choice horses ana
mares, suitable for all purposes, ranijintf in
welxht from 9PO ta 1400. in age from 4 to S
years, all well broke to harness. The abcv»
stock will arrive at yard Sunday. Aortl 29.
E7" Persons having use for *ood. serviceable
horses will find It to their advantage to attend
this sale, aa they will positively be sold to
highest bidder without limit or reserve. 8.
WATKINS. Auctioneer.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
The feature of the stock market at th^%io
ment Is the advance In Home . Oil, which
touched $5 yesterday. The advance In this
stock has been rapid during the past day or
two.
On the Bond Exchange Oceanic declined from
Sun rises 8:18
Sun sets 6:53
Moon sets..... 1 0:00 o. m.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL, 29, 1900.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, XT. S. N".. Mer
chant*' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal..
April 23. 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
buildlnr waa dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at coon of the UOth meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. a.. Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. C S. N.. in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
•*. -*
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the ilty front (Mlnsion-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the heicht of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. APRIL 23.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence aa to time. The
second time column gives the second tld« of
the day. the- third time column th«» third tide
and the last or right hand column gives tht
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts. ' except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
closed %o under yesterday at 8&%®39%0; July
%c down at 40% c. . ' .
Oats were weak, even when corn and wheat
showed firmness. The good weather and the
Increased country offerings were factors. May
closed %c lower at 22% c; Jury, »ie depressed
at 23% c.
The provision market was quiet, opening
steady In sympathy with firm 1-ogß, but easier
later on lack of support. Much of the selling
was In the way of taking profits. July pork
closed 12% c down at Jl2 77%; July lard, 12% c
lower at V 25, and July ribs, 12% c depressed at
*6 97%<&"7.
There will be no session of the Board of.
Trade on May 1, Dewey day.
The leading: futures ranged as follows:
ARTICLES. lOpen.lHißh.l Low. IClose.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and financial quotations as before.
Bank clearings show a decrease from last year.
Wheat and ether cereals quiet and unchanged.
Bran, Hay and Beans continue iiiactive.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables unchanged.
Butter, Ch-eese and Eggs steady at previous quotations.
Several cars of Eastern Poultry to be offered to-morrow.
Cherries and Strawberries sell off well at steady prices.
Proznsions continue dull and unchanged.
Nothing doing in Wool, Hops and Hides.
Meat market stands the same.
Charters.
The Aeplce loads wheat at Portland for
r-.Tot*. 4is id.
The jes*i* Minor loads redwood at Eureka
for Honolulu.
Bank Clearings.
LooaJ bank clearing* Us* week ware lU.6SS.
til. againat ZiS.tZi.TJ, for the same week last
Weather Report
(X2?th Meridian— Pa clfio Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 2S— 6 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as cempared with those of sain* date
latt season, and ralnfails In last twenty-four
Lours:
Left This Last
Stations— H Hour*. Se&eon. Se&son.
Eureka _...^..._ 0.00 47.5-8 52.6»
Red Rluff COO 21.71 IS.BB
fcacraroer.to 0.00 17.83 13.82
rtn Francisco O.M IS. IO 36.94
Kresr.o 0.00 7.*8 7.08
Independence C.06 1.5S 1.18
ban Luis Oblspo 0.00 15.82 16.31
Lo« Angeles ..../. 0.00 t.vi 4.97
Baa Diego 0.:4 4.84 4.87
y-jrna 0.44 1.25 1.34
San FYs.ncleco data: Maximum temperature,
Q ; minimum, 47 : mean. £2.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AN"D GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rre«iir« has fiulen generally over the
northern half cf tie Pacific Coast. Over Ore
t r. and Northern California there has been a
r«n of cut-tenth of an Inch during the past
twelve hours.
over Ar rona and Southern California the
j rtOTsr* has r!6en rapidly. A depression of
t :r,e fiepth overlie* California, but no rain is
refv-rtf'i ««st cf the Sierra*.
lia:r.s have been general In Arizona, Utah,
end Nevada. The temperature has risen rap
icly over Northern California, and northward
to the international boundary.
In the Valley the temperatures
are Irom lo 10 15 degrees aboVe the normal.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houre. ending midnight April 2'j:
Northern California— Cloudy, unsettled weath
er Sunday, possibly showers In eastern por
tlcn; fret-h BvUthweFterly winds.
Southern California— Cloadjr. unsettled weath
er Sunday, with showers in the mountains;
Irwh southwen*rly winds.
Nevada— S!k wi-rs Sunday.
Utah— ehowers Sunday.
Arizona— Shower: fcunday; warmer Sunday
r.'.rrht.
Sen Frar.eieeo and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday,
with fog la the rn'.'rr.ing and In the afternoon;
31«-Jit soullieriy changing to brisk westerly
Winda. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast CfflcUl. -
•¦ *
EASTERN MARKETS.
Xezv York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 2S.— Wall ftreet was In
clined to read the signs cf the day ea naean
trx "a little setback, la oar prosperity." The
market had B.n undertone cf depression which
did not reach to po»ltlve weakness. A wa.it
ln« attitude would be tht proper description.
The rej-ort* of the commercial agencies for
the week, which make tfcelr appearance on
6atur<Jay mornings, caused a feeling that In
dustrial and trade activity and buslmas pros
j*rity were not being fully maintained for the
t!m» being. There are suggestions In various
; ( ;r B that rulls* prices are serving to diminish
cocevimpttoti to an extent that may necessitate
curtallcietit of production and lowering of
prices. The report for March of the Lehigh
Vallny furnished the exhibit of unfavorable re
sults In the anthracite field. The bank etate
zsent, ¦ while a strong one according to the
ordinary role* of Interpretation, created an
unfavorable Impression. Preliminary reports
cf ti;e large Inflow of currency from the In
terior »er« fully coiJlrnied by the statement
ThU movement In view of the ease of money
at thU center rfves fcrce to the suggestion that
tber* Is a failing oS in trade activity. Thi»
view at all events was the keynote of the
Creeping tendency cf prices, to which there
were not sufficient exceptions to afiect the
general tone. The steel Industrials were special
euCerers on reports of Intended competition ty
tie Carnegie Company '.n the field for steel
end wire companies' products and the shutting
<iowa "for repairs" of a plant of the National
Steel Company. The wetk'e increase of loans
Is undoubtedly largely due to borrowing on
¦t*r;ing collateral. Owing to the cheapness of
money here and the relative dearnese abroad
this operation Is more profitable than drawing
tfce exchange. This operation, as well us th»
export cf gold, represents the lending of money
to foreign borrowers as the country's foreign
trade continues to accumulate credits In our
favor. Reports of bank clearings do not war
rant the assumption that the return flow of
currency Is due to dlmlnibhed trade activity.
N«w York and Boston are the oniy important
center* In the country to show a decrease In
cl*ar?n£s for the week, compared with last
y«*s. The flve other leading rtserve cities as
v.e'.\ aa the total for all other cities show in
creases running from i to over 2S per cent.
Tbe true explanation must be tiiat the ex
tension < f bsxk note circulation and the dis
bursement cash by the United States treas
ury fc** overrun the needs of circulation
ana :s forcing funds back Into the Idle re
serves cf banks. Pliers of stocks are rather
higher at tba end of this week than they were
at the end cf the last, after having been con
siderably lower. The amount of support ac
corded to prices and the extent of the demand
*t any reaction In prices na» been something
cf a surprise to observer*. It was feared that
the break !n prices In the Iron trade would In
duce widespread liquidation In securities. Wall
street by tradition locks upon the Iron trade
as an Infallible index of pro^p'-cts for busi
ness conditions. Once established that Iron
and steel production has outrun demand and
that prices have reached a level to effectually
discourage end curtail consumption or that
needs fcr the future have bwn »o far met
as to lead to depression In Iron and eteel and
Wall rtreet is prepared to accept the evidence
as conclusive of a culmination of a prosperous
cycle, with the certainty of a period to follow
of busir.ese reaction and comparative depres
lon - On last Saturday the cut In prices by
American Bteel and Wire Company seemed
to establish the fact of such a condition in
the Iron and eteel trade, and the week opened
In consequence with evidences of general liqui
dation of stocks. The first check to the de
cline came from the powerful support by Inside
Internets in the various ptocks. It became
cuirkiy evident also that in the eteel stocks
themselves the heavie«t liquidation had already
been effected by huld?rs who knew what was
coming and who had not only sold their hold-
Ing* at stocks, but had gone short of the
market at the higher level. Thus It has hap
j;en«*d that the opening rale on Monday morn
ing marked the lowest price In the Iron and
Bteel movement. The eager demand from the
Fborts to rover proved an ample sustaining
force for these stocks. But Wall street be
lieved that after the bears on eteel stocks had
tafcen their profit* there might be a renewed
decline and operators continued to cell. Ru
mors began to circulate that recent confident
predictions of inaugural dividends on some
stocks and lnereaj-^s In others were not well
founded and that the f-peculatlve pools which
had c»'j!"*J th*-**- predictions to be made hsd
sold out their holdings and taken their profits.
Estimates were published of th* Improvements
planned by some of the railroads. Involving such
an enormous outlay sa to threaten the absorp
tion of current Increases in earnings which have
been counted on for disbursement In dividends.
The conditions which were demonstrated 'ln the
Kteel and Wire Company had a strengthening
Influence on the sentiment on account of their
bearing on the queeiicn cf the efficacy of the
pigantlc Industrial combinations of the last
year and a half In controlling trade conditions
co fur afl to lessen th* danger of recurrent In
dustrial depresiflon. The prospect of large ex
l>orts of gold wa« an added factor of depres
sion. The professional bear trade™ fairly
revel«»d in the various reactionary tendencies
and sold stocks at an open hand. They sold
•o freely that their demand to cover short con
tracts developed keen competition. How far
tht demand from this eource wax responsible
for the late rally In the market must wait for
clear demonstration until the further closing
out of speculative ventures and a cessation of
the excessive manipulation Incident to the con
test of speculative forces. The transactions In
Sugar make it appear that the unwary bears
had sold In the aggregate rather more than the
total etock Usue of the company. The necessity
they were under by their contracts of buying
this amount of stock to deliver placed then In
an unpleasant predlc&ment when the flowing
supply had been largely taken up by a bull
pool, who then made the most of rumors that
the sugar war was about to be settled, prices
advanced and dividends increased again. The
violent rl6e In Sugar certificates Induced a
general covering movement among the bears
and their opponents tried to add to their diffi
culties by rumors of favorable developments
bearing en values. The bulls had In their
favor continued large earnings by railroads in
every section of the country except the anthra- \
cite coalers. Strenuous efforts were made to
re-establish confidence In the prosperous con
ditions of the Iron trade, affirming the large
consumption of Iron products and the certainty
of continued demand to meet the needs of pro
jects already entered upon. The problem of
gold exports and their effect on our money
market and etock market, or rather the ex
tent of such effect. Is deferred for a short time
at least. The week's small shipments had lit
tle effect on sentiment.
Activity in bonds has been mostly confined
to special cases where Individual causes aftect- '
ed prices. The market generally was quiet.
United States refunding 2s. when Issued, the
2s. old 4s and Cs declined % and the new 4s
advanced % In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
sold. Stock— bid.
3.600 Atchison 26%
6.020 AtchiEon prefd 70%
2.2C0 Baltimore & Ohio 81%
100 Canadian Pacific 95%
Canada Southern 16
1,000 Chesapeake & Ohio .¦ 30%
fcOQ Chicago Great Western 13%
6,100 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 125%
Chicago Indianapolis & Louisville... 25> s
Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 57
Chicago & East Illinois 102
Chicapo & Northwestern 161
1,425 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific I'JS%
IUO C C C & St Louis 61H
Colorado Southern 6%
Cclq Southern Ist rrefd 42 1 ,
Colo (southern 2d prefd 18"-»
Delaware & Hudson 115
Delaware Lack & Western 179
100 Denver & Rio Grande 184
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 70%
Erie 13%
100 Krie let rrefd 39%
Great Northern prefd 157%
100 Hocking Coal 17
830 Hocking Valley 4024
Illinois Central IU%
lowa Central 17%
SCO lowa Central prefd 60%
Kans-as City Pit^tiurg & Gulf 18
Lake Er:e <& Western Sl%
„ L E & Western r'refJ 35
Lake Shore 210
1.24S Louisville & Nashville 62%
1.700 Manhattan L 931 i
1,010 Metropolitan Street Railway 15S»i
Mexican Central IS I,*1 ,*
LSCO Minn & Pt Louis »>4
Minn & St Louie prefd 95
7.510 Missouri Pacific 67%
Mobile & Ohio 43%
Missouri Kansr.s & Texas 11%
1.150 Missouri X & t prefd 35%
100 New Jersey Central 119
€25 New York Central 135%
7.200 Norfolk & Western SS>H
2,255 Norfolk & Western prefd fc'>%
b.^'O Northern Pacific 68%
SOO Northern I'acific prefd 75%
SOO Ontario & Western 23
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
7.544 Pennsylvania 137%
1,075 Reading IS%
600 Itead'.r.R lft prefd tS 7*7 *
400 Reading 2d prefd 31%
Rio Grande Western U)
Rio Grande Western prefd 82
100 Xt Louis & San Francisco 10%
100 fc=t Louis & S F Ist prefd 70
Pt Lcuis & S F 2d prefd 35%
f?t Louis Southwestern 12U
620 Ft Lou!» South western prefd 31,'%
3.5C3 Et Paul IWi
St Paul irefd 173
Pt Paul & Omaha 119
7,000 Southern Pacific 35%
640 Southern Railway 13%
800 Southern Railway prefd 57%
720 Texas & Pacific 19%
4,600 Union Paclnc 56%
700 Union Pacific prefd 75
800 Wabash i>%
7,820 Wabash prefd 23
Wheeling & Lake Erie 10%
420 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 25%
Wteconsia Central .. 17%
Express Companies — '
Adams 120
American ! 145
I'nited States 48
Wells Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
American Crtton Oil 35%
American Cotton Oil prefd 96
American Malting 3%
American Malting prefd 21
American Smelting & Ref 3S
100 American Smelting & Ref prefd 83 '
American fpirits 2% I
v American Spirits prefd 17
1,629 American Steel Hoop 28
100 American pteel Hoop prefd ; 75
15,350 American Steel & Wire 38
5.200 American Steel & Wire prefd 77%
625 American Tin Plate 27
American Tin Plate prefd 78
4,123 American Tobacco 104%
AmeVlcan Tobacco prefd 133 j
250 Anaconda Mining Co 47
6.025 Brooklyn Itfcpid Transit 74%
1.000 Colorado Fuel & Iron '. 41Vi i
4,050 Continental Tobacco Zl% ',
170 Continental Tobacco prefd 81% j
10.250 Federal Steel 40% I
1,270 Federal Steel prefd €9% i
General Electric 135% j
23S Glucose Sugar 49 (
Glucose Sugar prefd $5
420 International Paper 23% j
100 International Paper prefd 64 1
Larlede Gas 71%
100 National Biscuit 32%
National Biscuit prefd 86%
National Lead 22
National Lead prefd 144%
4,030 National Steel 33% j
657 National Steel prefd S3
New York Air Brake 125 !
200 North American 14%
200 Pacific ' Coast 61%
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 83
Pacific Coast 2d prefd CO 1
440 Pacific Mall 52%
1,700 People's Gas 1C4%
120 Pressed Fteel Car 46
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd 80
Pullman Palace Car 185
Standard Rope Si Twine 6Vi
48,460 Supar 116%
Sugar prefd 111
2.300 Tennessee Ccal &. Iron SIW
7,490 United States Leather 12%
200 United States Leather prefd 70v»
400 United States Rubber 31%
United States Rubber prefd 97
110 Western Union g2%
150 Republic Iron & Steel 17^4
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 59%
P C C & St Louis 60
44S Third Avenue 107%
214,900 Chares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
V 6 2s refdg. when jN V Cen lsts 110%
Issued 102%|N J Cen gen 65.. ..123
do 2s reg 99%!N0 Carolina 6s ....127%
do Ss IG£%| do 4s .106
do 2s coup 103% No Pae lsts 68%
do new 4s reg....133% do 2s 68%
do coup 134% do 4s 103T4
do old 4s reg ....114% N V C * St L 45. .107
do coup 114 Norf & W con 45.. 97%
do £¦ reg 112 do gen 6s ........134
do coup 113'iOr Nay lsts 10s
Dls of Col 1.655. ..112 do 4s 103%
Atchlson gen 45. ...100% Or S Line 6s 128
do adj 4s Mi do con Ss 115
Can So 2ds 107 Reading gen 45.... 88%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95% R G W lsts 89
do Ss ..ft 121 Et L& I M con 55.110%
Chi Term 4s 96 St L& S P pen 65. 124
C & N W coa 75. .143 St Paul cons 172%
do S F deb 55. ...121% St P C & Pac lsts.l2o
D & R G lsts 105 do S* 122
do 4s ...'..... 99"% So Railway 6s 112%
E T Va & Ga 15t5.102% S Rope & T Cs 71%
Erie gen 4s 74%-Tenn new set 35... 95%
Ft W & D C lsts.. 72%;Tex & Pac 15t5. ...115%
Gen Elec 5s 120 1 do 2ds €0
GH&S A 6s 107 Cnlon Pac 4s 104%
do Ms IGS Wabash lsts 118%
H & T Cen 6s 111% Wabash 2ds 103%
do con 6s 110 West Shore 4s 113
lowa Cent lsU ....115 iWU C*nt lsts 01%
KCP & O lsts.... 73 Va cent 81%
La new con 4s 107 do deferred 6
L & Nash unl 45. .100 Colo & Sou 4s 83%
M X & T 2ds 69% Sou Pac-'45...V..... M%
<Jo 4s 93s;[
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar is Ontario 8 25
Crown Point 10 Ophir 64
Con Cal & Va 1 45 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver 160
Gould &. Curry 20 Do prefd 760
Hale & Norcross.. 2S Sierra Nevada 35
Homestake 60 00 Standard 3 85
Iron Silver 6S Union C0n.... 2»
Mexican 26 Yellow Jacket 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific 66%
Call loan* 3%©4% West End 93*4
Time loans i @3 Bonds-
Stocks— Atchlson 4s 100
Atch T & St Fe... 26% N E Gas & C 65... 63
Do prefd 70% Mining Shares —
American 5ugar.. .116% Adventure 4%
Do prefd 111% Allouez Mln C 0.... 1%
Bell Telephone- S4O |Amalg Copper 90
Boston & Albany. .24s Atlantic 24%
Boston Elevated. ..l 44 Boston & M0nt. ...313
Boston & Main*. ..l93 Butte & Boston 70
Chi B & Q 125% 1 Calumet & Hec1a..752
Dominion Coal 44% ! Centennial 19%
Do prefd US i Frankltn 15%
Federal Steel io% Humboldt 73
Do prefd 69% Osceola 65%
Fltchburg prefd 138 IParrot 45
General Electric. ..l37%lQuincy 85
Ed Elec 111 205 ifit Fe Copper p 5%
Mexican Central... 13% Tamarack 183
N E Gas & Coke.. 18% Utah Mining 80%
Old Colony 20S Winona 4
Old Dominion 19 .Wolverines 40%
Rubber 81%'
Associated Banks' Statement.
? — *
NEW YORK, April 28.— The Financier says:
The excess reserve reported by the New York
Clearing-house banks now amounts to $10,074,
275, j. net gain of $2,179,500 during the week.
The current statement does not acTee In Its
totals, probably for the reason that the tech
nical adjustment of the accounts of the two
consolidating Institutions has thrown it out of
balance. Half the total expansion In loans and
deposits can be traced to this cause.
The principal feature of interest disclosed
by the exhibit is the gain of about $4,500,000
In cash, which resulted from operations with
the sub-treasury and the Interior. The increase
was not as large as was anticipated and Its
effect was lost in part in the gain of $9,443,100
In deposits, the latter returning an added re
serve of over $2,000,000. Loans are $7,075,300
larger. It is not notable that the added cash
holdLngs for the week are traceable to receipt
of legal tenders. This indicates operations with ]
interior banks. One event of importance was
the export of $500,000 In gold by the National
City Hank. This was largely a special transac
tion, but at the same time, with the banks
gaining from all sources. Interest rates will
probably not go higher and exports of specie
are only natural. The per capita circulation
of the United States la now at the highest
point of Its history and is Increasing. As busi
ness Is not expanding proportionately there
is nothing strange in the spectacle of a small
percentage of Idle capital seeking better In
vestment returns elsewhere. It will be useless
to predict the volume which the present export
movunent will assume, if Indeed It continues,
but since money commands better terms abroad
and there is certainly a surplus beyond present
needs here there would be nothing surprising
in a continued movement for some time to
come. But this does not imply weakness or un
favorable trade conditions. On the contrary,
it re\eals the inherent financial strength of
the country- It is not saying too much to pre
dict that exports of gold can be stopped im
mediately If the occasion arises without dis
turbing business in the least. The fact that
the United States has since ISPG absorbed one
third of the entire gold production of the
world and that present supplies are being added
to at a rate exceeding $5,000,000 monthly through
current production is often lost sight of when
the question of foreign need for gold arises.
London Market.
NEW YORK, April 29.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
The markets here were very quiet and the
tone was dull on the absence of business. The
war loan was at 1% premium.
Americans, after opening over parity, reacted.
There were no features.
Coppers weak, Ti'ntos reacting %"and Ana
condas %. > ¦ • 1
The bank boucht £15,000 gold In bars and
£22.000 in German coin and received £7000 from
Australia. The market repaid smaJl loans to
the bank. There was an easier tendency in
discount.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 28— Canadian Pacific. 95%:
Uniin Pacific preferred, 77; Northern Paclnc
preferred, 7S; Atehlson. 27 7 i; Grand Trunk, 8;
Anacor.da. t%; Rands, 36, bid 86%; bar silver
firm. 27 7-16 d per ounce.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 2S.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $13i>.000.i^K) gold reserve in the
division of rt-demption, elnws: Available cash
balance. $14;,543,631; gold, $79,575,5&7.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
6*<6o; exports, 21,652; slow and barely steady,
without quotable change. Minnesota patents,
$3 70Ji3 95; Minnesota bakers, JS 85#4; winter
patents. $3 7053 90; winter straights, $3 453>
3 50; winter extras, $2 60@2 85; winter low
grades. $2 25f 2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 75.450 bushels; exports,
15.SSS bushels; spot ecpy. No. 2 red. 7s%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 76% c elevator; No. 1
Ncrthern Duluth. 76% c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive. Options opened firm on light offerings
and foreign buying, in the face of bearish
cables and fine homo crop news. Subsequently
thf market yielded, however, losing its ad
vance under local realizing. Closed easy at
%<3%c net decline. Mar. 73 1-16^73 3-160,
closed 73'sc; July, 73% ( ';ir73%<\ closed 73% c; Sep
tember, 74%^C74»»0, closed 74% c.
HOPS— Quiet. State common to choice. IS9S
crop, 3&5 c; I«>9 crop. 10(6 13c: Pacific Coast, 1596
crnp. 3'<jsc: WJ9 crop, 10fil3c.
HIDES — Steady. Galveston, 20 to 25 pounds,
«%©IS%C{ California, 21 to 25 pounds, 21% c;
Texas dry, 24 to 30 pounds. 15c.
WOOL— Dull. Domestic fleece, 25@2Sc; Texas,
15® 18c.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady at 5(315
points higher; total sales, 19,750 bags, lnoiud
lng: May. $<> 60<fi;6 70; July, $<i SO; August. $6 S5;
September, $6 !)3~; October. $7<if7 05« November,
$7 C 5; December, $7 25Q7 35. Closing prices v.ere
as follows: April, $8 65f(« 75; May, {6 Cagti 70;
June, $6 70*56 75; Juiy, $'J TS'S'S SO; August, $6 80
(g6 90; September. $0 90<if?t3 05; October, $6 ?s(g-7;
November, $7@7 05; December, $7 25; January,
$7 2c@7 85; February, $7 30©7 35; March, $7 35@
7 40. Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice, T%O.
Mild, market quiet Cordova, B%@IS%C.
SUGAR— Haw. steady. Fair refining, 3 15-18@
4 11-18 c: centrifugal, 96 test, 4 1-lfic: molasses
sugar, 3*4 c Refined, quiet; standard A, 4.95 c;
confectioners' A, 4.95 c; mold A, 6. -40 c; cut loaf,
5.55 c; crushed. 5.55 c: powdered, 5.25 c; granu
lated. 5.15 c; cubes, 5.80 c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2952 packages; firm.
Western creamery. ISHiffiSc; factory, 13@14',4c.
EGGS— Receipts, 9652 packages; steady. Stor
age Western at mark, 12%®12c; regular pack-
Ing at mark, 12#12%c; Southern at mark, 11@
12% c.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market* for evaporated apples was quiet
and about steady at unchanged prices. Cali
fornia dried fruits were dull and nominally
unchanged.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common.
4%iisc; prime. 6%©6 c; choice, 7(S7',ic; fancy,
7^4(5 Be.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— S%@7o per
pound, as to size and quality.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13(ijlfic; Moorpark. 15©18 c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, lS©22c; unpeeled, 7%@90.
Chicago Grain Market.
*;': : ; *
CHICAGO, April 28.— While wheat did not
show any great strength at the opening prices
It started a trifle higher " than , yesterday's
close and the feeling was steady. Liverpool
cables wera a trifle Improved, but were not
considered as responsive to the strength her*
yesterday. There was a fair disposition to
buy, but this disposition took shape in orders
which were scattered and generally unim
portant. The anticipated decrease in the visible
Monday and the fact that more attention is
being paid to bull news nowadays occasioned
a spasmodic advance early, but somebody be
gan relllng, presumably a long line, and the
puny bulge withered up and was blown away.
Liquidation was small, a fact especially prom
inent by reason of the nearness of delivery
day. A little export nibbling was reported and
ignored. There was little difficulty experienced
in changing options at a spread of l%c. May
ranged from 66©66% c to 65% c, and closed %4f s Uo
under at 65Hc; July from 67% c to 67% c, closing
%<?f%e down at 67% c. Feeling at the close
was lioavy,* while the whole session was re
maskable for its lack of action.
The corn market was dull, firm part of the
time, but closed easy. The only feature of the
trade was the early demand for May. "May
Wheat No. >-
April :. 66%
May 66% 66% 65% 65%
July 67% 67% 67% 67%
September 68% 68% . 68% CSft
Corn No. 2—
April 29H
May 40 40 39% 89%
July 41% 41% 40% 40%
Oats No. 2—
May ~ M 23 22% 22%
July ....¦.....•..:.....:.. 23% 23V4 23% 23%-
September 22% 22% . 22% 22%
Mess Pork, bbl—
Hay 12 70 1J 70 12 57% 12 67%
July ~. 12 S5 12 87% 12 75 12 77%
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May '. 7 82% 785 720 720
July 7 37% 7 87% 725 725
September 735 7 37% 7 22% 725
Short Ribs, 100 lbs.
May 7 02% 705 695 695
July 710 710 8 97% 700
September" '¦.... 7 07% 7 07% 695 6 97%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet; winter patents, $3 60@3 70; straits, $2 96
Q3 40; clears. $2 70@3 20; spring specials, $3 80
@3 SO; patents, J3 10@3 45; straits, I $2 6003;
bakers', $2@2 45. No. 3 spring wheat. 64%@65c;
No. 2 red, 70c: No. 2 cprn, 39%@33%c; No. 2
oats. 24@24%c; No. 2 white, 27%0; No. 3 white,
2C©27%c; No. 2 rye, 63%<g>54%c; No. 2 barley,
41@44c; No. 1 fiax6eed, .$1 73; prime timothy
seed $2 40; mess pork, per barrel, $11 60®12 65; :
lard, per 100 pounds, $7 15@7 22%; short ribs
sides (loose), $6 90@7 15; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 6%@7c; short clear sides (boxed), $7 60
@7 60; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, $1 25%. Sugars— Cut loaf, 6c; granu
lated. 6.44 c. ¦
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 11.000 10,000 *
Wheat, bushels 52,000 20,000
Com, bushels 23\000. 302.000
Oats, bushels 233.000 250,000
Rye. bushels 8,000 2,000
Barley, bushels 81,000 14,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creamery. 13%@lSc: dairy,
12%@15%c. Cheese, firm; 10@12c. Egge, firm;
10% c. ¦
* *
Foreign Futures.
#. _ *
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— June. Bept.-Dec
Opening - .' 5 9% 5 9
Closing 5 9% 6 9
PARIS.
Wheat— Juno. Bept.-Dec.
Opening 20 SO 2190
Closing 20 15 2185
Flour —
Opening j... 26 80 2S 80
Closing. 26 70 28 60
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, April 23.— CATTLE — Receipts,
1500; nominally steady. Natives— Good to prime
steers, $4 90-S5 85; poor to medium, $4 25@4 SO;
selected feeders, $4 2505 05; mixed stockers.
13 40<f4; cows, $3-34 50; heifers, $3 20@4 85: can
ners, $2 2<Vff 2 P0: bulls, $2 90@4 30; calve 3, Jl 50
<g6 50. Texans— Texas fed steers, $4®5 23; Texas
bulls, *3 25©3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 18,000; Monday, es
timated, 35,000; left over. ICOO. Active; 5e
hicher; top. $5 <>2£. Mixed and butchers, {5 354?
5 60- good to choice heavy. J5 4.1@5 62^4; rough
heavy 15 30fiS GO; light, $5 25@5 62> / £; bulk of
sale?, *5 45^5 55.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000; sheep, slow; lambs,
steady Good to choice wethers, $5 25(g'5 60; fair
to choice mixed, $4 75@5 25: Western sheep, $5 40
<7T5 60; yearlings. $5 50(36 25; native lambs. $5 50
07 30; Western lambs, $C£7 20.
Imports and Exports at Nczv York.
NEW YORK. April 2S.— The imports of specie
this week were" 150, 80S cold and J56.501 silver.
Exports of gold and silver from this port to all
countries for the week aggregate $630,200 silver
bars and coin and $1,109,751 sold. The imports
of dry goods and merchandise at the port of
New York for this week were valued at $IL
227.775.
Nnv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. April .28.— The brokers' price
for lead was $4 45 and for copper $17 25.
London Wool Market.
LONDON, April 2S.— The arrivals to date for
the next series of wool auction sales number
226,835 bales.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 2?.— Consols," 100%: 6ilvor,
27 7-i6d; French rentes, IOOf SOc; carcoes on
passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California. 20s 9d; English country mar
ket?, dull.
LIVERPOOL, April 2S.— Wheat, firm: No. 1
standard California, 8s 4.1-5Cs 4'id; v^heat In
Paris, wpak; flour in Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 5V4d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— Firm: No. 1 California, 6s 4d
<?6s.4V&d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s ll ! ,£d. Fu
tures—Qutct; April, nominal; May. Es 9?»d;
July, 5s 9d.
CORN — Srot — Firm; American mixed new, 4s
3'4d. Futures— Steady; May, 4s 3Ud; July, 4a
19jd; September, 4s l^d.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 28.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 63@54c; valley, 52^E3c; bluestem, 66c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 28.— WHF.AT— Unchanged;
market dull; bluestem, GGc; club, 63c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 28.— Exchanges, $185,180;
balances, $23.653.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchanpe, sixty days... — $4 85%
Sterling Kxphange, sight — 4 vun
EterllnK Cables — 4 80
New York Exchange, sight — 1714
Now York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver. per ounce — 59? i
Mexican Dollars 48ft 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHRAT- The Grand Duchesse Olga takes for
Cork fil.fiia ctls. valued. at Jf.0,100.
There was- nothing, new anywhere yesterday.
Futures were off somewhat In the local mar
ket
t;pot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96%c; milling,
9i%cfcsl. CALLI BOARD SALES. .
Informal Pppsion— 9:ls o'clock— D^ember—
8000 ctl», n 04; 4000, $1 03%: 12,000, $1 03%.
Second Session— December— l2,ooo ctls, $1 OS«4-
May— 4ooo 94% c:" •4000, 94% c; 6000, 94% c.
Regular Morning Session— December— 14,000
ctla, $1 03%; 22.000, $1 03%. May-2000, 94%0.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
featureless. •¦
Feed 75«F77tte for No. 1 and 70@72^c for oft
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 80@87%c;
Chevalier, nominal.
•CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal- Session-9:15 o'clock-No sales.
Second Session— No s f lM -
Regular Morning Session— December— 4000 ctls,
78% c; 6000, 78Vic. '
OATS— There Is no particular change, though
red are slightly higher. The demand is quieter.
White, Jl 10#l 30: Red. JlOl 20; Gray, $1 07V40
1 15: Black. $I@l OJ%- t ,
CORN— Eastern W hlte Is quoted at Jl 02V4SJ
1 07»4 per ctl and Eastern Yellow at $1 Is©i 20
per ctl; mixed. |1 «H©l ls per ctl. vx M
.wv Q'iGi'j'iVic per ctl. '
BUCKWHEAT-Nomlnal. ,
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOTTR-^alifornia * amtl y extras, $3 BO@B 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington.- $2 25@3 per barrel. ,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows,usual discount .to the trade: Graham
Flour $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rya
Meal ' S2 60: Rice Flour, $.; Corn Meal, $2 60'
Oat Groats. $4 505 Hominy. $3 25@3 60; Buck
wheat Flour. $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat. *3 25.
Farina J4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3: Rolled
OaU fbarrels). $««? »! In sacks, tfWfcV; Fearf
Barley. $5; Split Pe**. $*; Green Pcaa. $6 50 per
100 lbs. . ":
Hay:and_Feedstuffs.
Old .quotations still rule and the market Is
featureless.
BRAN— $l2@l3 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17©20 p«r ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15(517 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26®27; Jobbing.
$27 £0@28; Cocoaaut Cake. $20©21; Cora Meal,
31
Cripple Greek Illustrated!
A great volume. JUST OUT. Nearly 100 rho-
to-engravlngs of gold mining fcenes; also cor-
rect map. Gives sketches of every mine and
mill, ore produced. ' dividends, ttc. ABSO-
LUTELY DISINTEPvESTED. The edition coit
$10C0 to Issue. To introduce our bisr Illustrated
weekly family paper (founded I<W» we will
•end you a copy of •'CRIPPLE CREEK ILLUS-
TRATED" and our pamr 13 weeks on trial for
23c. Clubs of 8. |1. Stamps taken. Latent
mining news and western stories. Refer to tha
editor of this paper. Address
ILLUSTRATED WEEKLY. DenTcr. Ctlfc
Steamer.
From.
I Doe.
Uatteawan JTacoma Apr. 29
Curacao [Mexico • Apr. 29
Wellington lOyster Harbor Apr. ti
City of Puebla. Victoria & Put** Sound Apr. M
Aloha' Crescent City Apr. Hi
Valencia Oyster Harbor Apr. »
Kibte ?1 Cal i ..imtsi ...|Apr. M
Octavia {Hamburg „ iApr. *>
Tltanla iN'analmo Apr. X
San Bias. (Panama ~ |Apr. 30
North Fork Humboldt ~.jMay 1
Coo* Bay (Newport May t
Arcata .1 |Coo« Bay May J
Empire [Coos B&y IMay 1
Waiia Walla victoria A Pu^et Sound May i
Acapulco Panama May S
Thyra .......:... China and Japan May 2
Mackinaw Seattle m May I
Willaniett* .... Seattle May 2
Pomona Humboldt May I
Corona San Diego May S
Crescent City... Creac«nt City May 8
Progreso Tacoma May 1
Point Arena.... Point Arena May 4
Coptic China and Japan May 4
Alameda Sydney May 4
Columbia Portland May 5
Bonlta Newport May S
Samoa Humboldt May 5
THlamook THlamook Bay May 6
Umatllla h Victoria & Puget Sound May 7
Banta Rosa Ban Dteso !May 7
Del Norte Oregon Port* |May 7
TO
V L.
i«
Secoi
3 Feet.
DATE.
| 1S»».
I 1900.
April IS -
April 15
April IT -
April 13
April 19
April 20-
April 21
. 1
. V
. l!
! i
i
!
10.4C0
10.4C0
10.100
9. SCO
8.200
8.200
».2UO
13.700
12.500
12.100
11.600
11.3(30
12. «)0
14.000
STANISLAUS RIVER
AT
OAKDALE.
Second
Fact.
DATE.
1539.
1300.
Aprtl IS
April 1«
April 17
April 1?
April 19
April 20
April 21......
- i
40<»
50.5
5015
4377
4COO
4000
4123
1150 .
1450
isa
1523
2340
3020
SAN JCXA
AQUIN RIVEH AT 1
II
vDON. <
Becor
nd Feel.
DATE. I-
i
1539.
1300.
-
April 15
April 18
April 17
April IS
April 19
April 20
April 21
80SO
7134
«K0
8403
6405
5130
5^5
Hi;
Ki-
ll--*
133
in:
221:
in
KING' 3 RIVER
AT RED
XI
NTT A!
Seco
>nd F
DATE.
o.
April 13
April IS
April 17
April IS
April 19
April 20
April 21
st:
<X'
5.'!
IB
T COLUMN*
;VER AND C
'a:
kLS
AT
\
GRANGE.
! Mlntr
Tv
Secc
md Ft. bitch
£
DATE.
To
•i
)3
» J 1300 1900.
April 13....
April 16
April 17
April 13
April 13
April 20....
April 21....
7721
804 i
7o:<
«74i
57«<
674;
v
•o
15
n
15
> 1440 24
) 1740 24
> 1740 24
i 2255 24
I 2SOO 24
) 4320 24
> 4073 24
_'_
C 3
83
83
«3
83
«3
63
IE
i>:
IS
»
w
in
Steamer.
Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Bonlt* Newport Apr. 29, 9 ami Pier 11
Pomona .... Humboldt Apr. 29, 2 pmlPler 9
Portland ... Cape Nome Apr. 80, 2pm Pier J4
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.'. Apr. SO, Jpm Pier >
Newburg ... Grays Harbor Apr. 30, "5 pm
i>»tH3 K'.sa i»»" i ¦ »go M»y i. 11 am P'»r 11
Manauense Kahulul May 1. 12 m'Pler 20
Queen Vie A Pirt Sd. May 1, 11 tm Pier 9
Samoa Humboldt May 1. 10 am | Pier 13
Auktralla .. Honolulu May 3. 2pm Pier t
Arcata Coo« Bay May 2. 12 mlPler 13
Coos Bay... Newport May 3. 9am!Plerll
Cty of Rio J China* Japan May S. 1 pmIPMSS
Btate of Call Portland May 3, 11 am Pier 24
North PorklHumboldt May 4, 9am Pier 2
Thyra Chlna&Japan May S
Corona San Dlejto May 5, 11am Pier U
8. Portland Cape Nome.... May 6
Walla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. May *. 11 am Pier 9
Curacao ... Mexico May 7. 11 am Pier 11
Columbia .. Portland May 8. 10 am Pier 21
Tillamook . Tillaraook May 8. J
Acapulco ..Panama May 8,12 m PMSS
C I Time Time I Time Time
g. I Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
a jL W H W L. W H W
« ... 6:21—0.7 12:19 4.9 6:03 2.6 U:2V i.l
10... 6:10—0.8^1:14 4.8 5:47 2.»
. H W L "VV H W L. W
1 ... 0:00 6.0 7:00—0.7 2:VJ 4.7 6:33 3.1
2 ... 0:41 5.7 7:501— f1.S 3:08 4.6 7:27 3.8
3 ... 1:32 5.4 8:42—0.2 4:03 4.5 8:33 3.4
4 ... 2:26 6.1 8:33 0.2 4:5» 4.6 9:57 3.4
5 ... 3:31 4.6 10:29 0.6} 5:SO| 4.S| 11:21 3.2School Board Must Explain.
An order was issued: yesterday com
pelling the Board iof Education to appear
before Judge Seawell. next -Friday to show
cause why its members should not be
punisned for contempt of court for hav
ing suspended vi. C. Kilpatrick, principal
of the Business Evening School, pending
the decision of the board on the charges
recently preferred against . him. ' Kilpat
rick contends. that the board is in con
tempt, as a temporary restraining order
was in force at the time the order of
suspension was issued by the board.
sent to San Quentin by Judge Lawlor yes
terday for a term of three years. Wynn
sold the saloon for 5145, but on investiga
tion the purchaser discovered that sev
eral barrels and many bottles had been
filled with water.
James D. Soulard, colored, was sen
tenced to one year in San Quentin for an
assault with a deadly weapon. As Sou
lard's offense was not an aggravated one
the court would have sent him to the
County Jail but for the plea of the pris
oner, who informed the court that he did
not want to "serve time in a dirty, un
kept hole."
Charles Boyle, who pleaded guilty to a
charge of burglary, was sentenced to one
year in San Quentln.
I A FEW SUGGESTIONS. g
I Outing Skirts. |
§ LINEN, GRASS CLOTH, PIQUE AND DUCK SKIRTS, 8
I $1, $1.50, $2, $2.50, $3, $3.50. |
I Silk Waists $5.00. I
g Made of good quality Taffeta Silk, newest style, perfect fitting, «
% the best value ever offered. §
I Linen, Duck and Pique Suits at 1
1 ${.50, $2.50, $3.50, $5.00. 1
I Feather Boas $10.00. I
S 45 inches long, elegant quality in black and gray, special i$
g value $10 00. g
1 Silk Petticoats $5.75. I
g 24 SILK PETTICOATS will be on sale, good quality new 8
S plaids, real value $8.50, at $5.75. . g
1 $15.00. I
I Biack TAFFETA SILK SKIRTS, elegantly appliqued, new box g
g pleat, tailor made and perfect fitting, at $15-00. g
I $5.00. |
I Black CHEVIOT SKIRTS, elegantly appliqued, box pleat, good g
§ percaline lining and well made, at $5.00. «
I Golflßn Gate Cloa^* Suit Hiinse I
I £ 1230-1232-12^4 MARKET STREET. , |
Officer Harrison Assaulted.
i Police Officer Luke Harrison, who is
I known as the Tom Sharkey of the Seven
teenth-street police station, was more
than, surprised while on his way to the
station to report for duty at 12 o'clock
Friday night. As he passed Eighteenth
street, turning into Shotwell, he received
a blow under the right ear that sent him
to the curbstone on all fours. In his fall
he seized his assailant by the leg and
brought him down with him. After a
fihort tussle he succeeded in laying out
his antagonist. He placed the cuffs on
his wrists and yanked him off to the sta
tion. The man gave his name as Aus
tin W. Oliver and his occupation as a
druggist in the Railroad Hospital' on Mis
sion street. He declined to give any rea
son for the assault and was charged with
* battery.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
Hassocks. Great variety, bright
colors, strongly made. Tapestry
covered; 25 Cents each. Moquette,
covered, ; 50 . Cents each.
Free Delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN & CO*
233 to 237 Pott St.
\ Open ereaiagg NearStoektom
FRIEDMAN'S ANNOUNCEMENTS.
Odd pieces and odd effect sin furni-
ture are popular. Roman, India and
many other odd chairs in rich carv-
ings and woods, $5 up to $5°
Drapery Department— Just arrived
Genuine Arabian Lace Curtains.
The finest patterns and greatest va-
riety of new and beautiful effects in
the city. From $11 a pair up.
Genuine Battenbergs. Newest
patterns and effects, $8 a pair up.
CONTRACTS FOR SHOEING
FIRE HORSES AWARDED
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and referred a petition from
the Eureka Valley Improvement Club
asking for a fire engine and apparatus to
the Board of Public Works and a peti
tion from the Nuevo Potrero Improve
ment Club asking that Rhode Island and
De Haro streets be repaved so that fire
engines might get into the district was
also referred to the board.
The contracts for horseshoeing In ac
cordance with the resolution passed at a
special meeting last Wednesday dividing
the city into districts were awarded as
follows: District No. 1, T. J. Crowley 11
Merchant street; district Xo. 2, T. F. Mc-
Gee. 300 Gough street; district No. 3, P.
Friedhofer, Third and Silver streets; dis
trict No. 4, James Mooney, 321 Sixth
street, and district No. 5, N. Morrissey,
332 Ninth street.
By innuendo Frank Frisbee, a local
blacksmith., has charged the Board of
Fire Commissioners with favoritism to
ward others of his craft and has filed
suit against the board to restrain it from
enforcing the provisions of a resolution
heretofore adopted, in which It was de
creed that those in authority in the va
rious districts should decide as to whom
should be granted the contract for shoe
ing the department horses. In his peti
tion Frisbee alleges that the object of the
resolution In question is to give into the
hands of political friends of the mem
bers of the board all of the work of the
kind mentioned. He says that such ac
tion is illegal, and that competitive bids
should be solicited.
Shot in the Shoulder.
Al "White's saloon, 435 Dupont street, was
the scene of a shooting affray early yes
terday morning. James R. Shepperson.
an ex-soldier, and J. E. Sweaney. a sailor
on the United States steamer Manning,
quarreled over a woman. Shepperson
drew a revolver and fired at Sweaney. the
bullet striking him on the left shoulder.
Sweaney was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. Shepperson was arrested and
booked on the charge of assault to mur
der. He told the officers that he shot to
kill.
WORK OF SAVING
FLOOD HERS IS
FAIRLY STARTED
Preliminary Surveys Are
About to Be Made at a
Cost of $12,500.
Government, Water Association and
State Universities Are Backing
the Big Jndertaking With
Money and Men.
The first substantial steps toward pre
serving the flood waters of the State
were taken yesterday. At a conference of
the interested Institutions held at the
University Club the expenditure of $12,500
was authorized to secure data as to the
cost and feasibilty of the contemplated
undertaking.
The conference was attended by Presi
dent 'William Thomas, Secretary T. C.
Friedlander, F. W. Dohrmann and Mars
den Manson of the California Water and
Forest Association; Professor Soule, Uni
versity of California; Professor Marx,
Stanford University; J. B. Lipplncott,
United States* Geological Survey. An
agreement was entered into by which the
Government and the water association
will supply the funds and the universities
contribute the services of several of their
professors, including Professors Soule and
Marx.
The money to be expended in the Imme
diate preliminary work was apportioned
as follows:
For the investigation jointly by the
irrigation expert of the Department of
Agriculture and the two universities of
the sources of supply, rights, etc., of the
watersheds of Lassen County, Yuba,
Kings, -tealinas and San Joaquin rivers,
$5000, the Government to put up half of
the money and the association the other
half.
For investigating reservoir sites and
kindred matters. $5000. contributed as
follows: Kings River Canal Company,
$1500; United States Geological Survey,
$2500; "Water and Forest Association, $1000.
The reconnoissance of the Salinas River
will cost $1000, to ba shared equally by
the Geological Survey and the associa
tion. If the reconnoissance develops that
the Salinas watershed has good reservoir
sites the association will expend $1000 for
its survey. ' The reconnoissance of either
Stony Creek, Cache Creek, Putah Creek
or Cottonwood Creek will also 6e made at
a cost of $500. All this work will be per
formed .before next fall.
The conference will be continued this
afternoon.
has no complaints to make about lack of
condition, but simply says that he was
unused to the style 'of fighting in vogue
in this country. A return match between
the men is being advocated by local
sports.
The gross receipts of the fight were
JoT.'K. Of this sum Neill received $2764 40
and Murphy $1113 85. According to their
agreement with the National Club the
men were entitled to 72 per cent of the
gross receipts. This was turned over to
them and was divided, the winner taking
70 per cent and the loser 30 per cent.
THREE CONVICTS GIVEN
TERMS IN SAN QUENTIN
A. Swindler, a Gun-Fighter and a
Burglar Must Pay th.c Penalty
for Their Crimes.
7 P. J. "Wynn, -who on February 26, ISS9.
Bold a "Btufled" saloon at 634 Mission
•treat to John Kins, and who was subse
quently convicted on a charge of obtain
ing money under false pretenses, was
NEILL NOW READY TO
MEET "TOMMY" RYAN
"Tim" Murphy Anxious for Another
Meeting With the Pacific
Coast Champion.
Al Xeill's stock as a boxer has risen 100
per cent In the estimation of the ring
goers of this city. The clever manner in
which he lowered the colors of Tim Mur
phy, the hard-hitting Australian, leads
the followers of the fistic game to believe
that the young Californian is lit to cope
with the best men in his class now before
the public. Many are of the opinion that
Neill would give Tommy Ryan a hot ar
gument, and the young Californian is of
that opinion himself, lie dots not fear a
meeting with Ryan; he invites one.
Murphy only asks that he be given an
other chance at his victorious rival. He
feels certain that the experience he gained
In his eleven rounds of lighting with Nelll
would stand him in good stead in a second
meeting, and he confidently thinks that he
can defeat the local middle-weight. He
THE SAN FRANCISJDO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL. 29, 1900.
Hales. I Hales. I " Hales. | Hales. I Hales. | Hales. | 2^5:
g. * B beginning to-morrow (monday) we celebrate a week of jubilation; Wednesday, may the second, we have been in these stores eight years; three times during these eight years have we had to I \C\r^f\
tGLCvL^ IAQO l\ '\n enlarge our store, the store pictured on the left is the beginning of our career in this city; the sketch on the right shows the modern five-story building we are now putting up in the same x&fo. Ijy^^.
VCr/ **Jy* jsr b ] ock on Market street, we shall move into it this fall, this week we really commence selling out our vast stock, from now on we shall offer goods at prices which will be explained by
I the fact that we arc «oing to move, come this week; you won't see lavish decorations, preat floral pieces; you won't receive souvenirs otherwise than the birthday presentswe make in the *JS&3 np-VA/
~ -'^jj*' /•- - \ reduced prices attached to these quotations, watch our announcements from now on with more than your usual attention, and remember every article, every piece we advertise is on sale &P\&*' lllt - v y
-'¦' \~tei. ~^j*^s(BffiffiQifi t flsf\ | at advertised price until sold out. , I StOF*O
iS^saFT^ a^ millinery and flowers recked j@^ drusd f h -"c^iw
<^\ i lIIIIIIIIUIJ WliU lIUWWUIU lUUUUUU I ?reat P S™ s-v^g^g^ <=>j?
*****«***; b . |||mm| < _^ r^^Js. S°honor n of our birthday anniversary to $4-00, ?5-°o /^ and brown, ribbon. band; for anniversary sale 20c nJllflWfflnC £8"l It* I PSI •'
— *¦' *-jbzst t !G!'-*i3n~>:'"r~>\ ' arK i <6.00. sale commences Sa. m. monday. (see millinery in our big window .»londay.) piiiun IUJJO gjjr ,j~p*««gaaaait^JL| t^^Mmj §\ g^
wash fabrics curtain sale suit, skirt and petticoat attractions handkerchiefs sco?£5 c o?£? ne 3 I B^^^^^^^^S-
SO pieces dimity <g*. to celebrate jg^'\ xff&h misses' eton vacation suits, in brown rT-~v for our birth- many of one pat- jj fE=^as§3ti=l jjgfgElllgP 1 Ifcfll I^l I
=^?^' and lawns, 28 and I§P^ *J1 c e ' cnt^ /£% tf^'* fi^S? aml Rray covert c l° tn '- Jacket satin- l^*aTi day week 1200 tern; many differ- yr^zr«'^4^^^^3j^^jg^ -j" '
t*r|£Wf&£* 36 inches wide, y^l^^^f^K birthday oi fe& \i£s{ *Z&\ fat lined: box plait skirt, corduroy bound (\p-5& ladies' fancy ent values, such as <U-=== ¦^^^r^^k^^ih^i^^. ,
good white this store £^t <ii s^Ji#^& and percaline lined; sizes 14, 16, 18. . *j ¦ white S^ viss 2 ?°' 35C> . s °C>° C> b " r (j :l: l
'^^^^^ "rd^ birtH^ /T^lliM weVfJe^n u\\\ I Ij^rf ladi ° S ' sln e'e-breasted eton cheviot / \^.o^/{-V\ ' Stchi^ fow^S I°' rl ula" I
'" day price ioc '/^ Vi/^P-i^'c P a r s ec r v NAI I V 7lVlX r { afllfl 4 Cr h.°i SUI *1 l aC j' C 'c-Y T v a t \ \ f//v'i • it! embroidery prices ranging •- :\ JkJwl TJ&ilivfri
r.ew dimity, *o V _^^ [ft Wf ig>) and white /vj lRv/JW«i W t?^ tltchc f . ta f rcta - mcd , wlt . h \j/VL^W and lace bor- from 60c to $i.oS O^^^^^"^%®# I S^l3
inches wide, in «J?^i / / y&ai - : t,W& nottineham JZi Mf/.fi J X black taffeta; skirt box pleat back, \r / Ujg^=^ ders, a dainty each, you can have l ~ /l M "~*~-^-^ . fe, ilWrK^i^O
lavender, light 2-*+ v / /7' \a>'< "vMt curtains » / \yJi t *^\ ffV front seams tailor stitched with tat- , handkerchief. your choice of any )\\>
blue, pink, cadet, / jR It '-^i^tr yards long / \\| \ ba. feta, percaline lined, velveteen bound: and worth 20c one for 35c jg^S^^ ac^ =^ =^^ =C '""
na\7 and blue, tsmjd&Ell \ I (^V/r^l^¥ . by , 5°5 ° to -/ 8 I \l \ w)^ sizes 32 to 40. .: $14.00 ' apiece; • birth- ... .
with white fi^T^tT MM A WMiftvLAJi inches wide. I \J 1 L—-^'^V . day price.. ..gc tU/n ITPmC flt Pnct and even firOCC fTfinriC
stripes; birthday SjO W C/^. MjMM in six P3t " fe^iJ ' v\jo> ladies' heavy Venetian double breast- IWU 1181115 31 COSI 6e/aHr UieSS gUOQS
S§H W pS=7 I \J i^lpii vacation, hints |1|
fn 'SSS S W«? "^ bitVhda'v / ill * > braid trimmed lined with percaline, mexican grass hammocks, full size easel ,_ b . ack I the y sell "Eularly for natCf a n d include heliotrope, gray.
SvcndS oMrtn-1 H — iTh^S nric i $?, I__ bound with corduroy; sizes 32 to 40. . 7 - c and go,. 25c; birthday offering at 15c reseda, new blue; 44 inches wide;
day price.... TV....!. ..?. iS?c novel" net"cartain's"for parior win- ?15 -°° colored mexican grass hammocks, we have a combination paper-cutter bought to sell for $13.50; suit birth-
| new white crepe pique, 22 inches dows;"we are showing an ex- j v ..., ¦ .„ •". _?' .!,,, .„ J . extra large size. .$1.25 and letter-opener, with knife at- 2^ P^":L"V;; v;""-*Vv ;""-*V "¦¦^l°°,
! wide, three paSems. very pretty for ceptionally fine variety of S.voo %^£ ladl " .^ P r^ » J2> ladies' black silk drop fine cot en hammocks, with steel tached and sterling si i vcr handle; J. ne $ OT $ $l h ™™?tin navy blue'
oea Turnismngs d tat \\x¥v\ 'CJirJSS W b ™\: tri T ci : »s t«« of Mme hose. »¦* cou P i,n K
sSfflifjSss&S! iSI#S^ MM II? Jr J m men's furnishings newest silks
ment- U/rannor CQIQ 'W J I we call your at- ffif*& JJ r h /" t p ' c "; X S [ lch neckw « r WA plain £»> Jv&
inches each47^c WldPPBr Sdl6 e M \ tention to the rich tsMm ladies> black camels ' g ,- tr0we15.......... .sc for men; not the and fan- WJ £>^
6JX9O inchU*. :::::*." ll%c / ?.. fc . &£/ *^y ° f silk hairdrop &i cut Onourbig and busy basement.) ordinary 25c .^l^v. cy silks, .^^ %(\t\\
72x90 inches " KyQir » dozen ladies house wrappers, m "11 skirts now on dis- f, nrv = r nii ftn «.H nt k-uk -u d ' as a look /^X^V/aT^A , including -^JT,V_ \A|'A\
Slxoo nches " feS medium shades, braid trimmed yoke, [^^JU^ play in our w in- aS^^ fancy, scalloped at Wll prove; kV^l'A>/| the old v^tk/§2?a k
TSS' notions: belts $2S0 ° -.'<» g F h -%0 l"^: T V
-^V /# S, t m . nUSrf moiM nnnnr*nnitu m* riches : ribbons from our >^F) ? nes in the ] st;5 t; the ?; t we " ™ ade up for shirt waists, 20 inches wide..
V\Y ft--? sheeting; ex- { O r May and its many outings and \\\ W3 SI DUDQIIL llllV 4^L ricnest nn D DO »s irom our y^ZJ from 50c and 75c silks, hard v any Sl oo
TWO? 2d a H^ T P icn ;"-V ffC K raSampleline ° fhigh UppUllUllllJ stock and reduced from (TJW t alikc> bought for our birthday W V offer' hea-vy' 'silk ' iaffciai' 7n "
V/U| 3j ££ a £ T » rade Icather b « lts : not 2 belt in the 10 dozen percale shirt waists, with stitched yoke, body lined; W^ in fine nripe 1 in 1 assorted • fls / o ff " in g, and now go on sale at...2.=5C shades. 19 inches wide, including
\' > lowcise...." h?gh'°a? 1i%5- an th 77 e sy'5 y' ° mC in blue and white stripe and red and white; sizes 32 to 44....50 C jfe%fL colorings and with the ivory, rose reseda, grays and popu-
L^. —^r^/>—^ I2^sc come in white" kid S. 20 dozen shirt waists, of heavy percale, with white yokes nicely pompadour border, it is <y§h\ P D R III P WfITP lar pastel shades 75c
r^^/O ,60 sheets black sea1 ' brown ' f\ tucked down front and back; in blue and white, red and white, VV/W' SH - incheS Wlde and is - an [01 UIIU " igiIIUI ° ™*..««U
( ryy r. sneers, __-«_ -?_, o-am^t £ \ n 1 , , ¦ \ Lib U anniversary opportunity na-v / soan dishes 6c , OnrflFl CQIQ
Jr aS?an,"rrealK fp\ black and white; sizes 32 to 44. ... 75c N^. at !.. per yard 50c Xf '^Sart mS: J^\ B^sBlB
size, 2-inch hem at top. good grade "' \ zXl x / 2 J nch :. a " d U\\ 'r- ¥ } / EZ 7 kettle 15C iL ErK \ children's white lawn aprons, wide
maslin; size 00x90 inches; regularly kid or leather lmed; M U J / / / ] * / 10-quart con- "^^l J awn reveres edged with lace, square
worth 75c; birthday price.... <oc t s ? me metal studded: //] fc| V / I if '"¦^ / / " v T I _ - _ • vex kettle.. 35c \[ mf g^ yoke trimmed with embroidery, for
y - y birthday price 48c ffc\lX\ \ L^^r I " ja, J / / f\ 2//V^ 12-quart con- K»^ t'si.iA ages 4to 12 38c
fnWOIC dozen "Anchor" i/|lj zV* \ / !^« **? B it / *~~ \ f ¦ vex kettle.. 30c -.i-^^ta 3 styles children's white lawn aprons.
lUnultf hose supporters, of yy j ¦ i^'^T / f^ Mai 4 /m/ mm ~ mmm ~^ ll 14-quart con- *^tiu-i^.-;'JsSS^ with round or square yoke, embroid-
, ? • . ? . . , fancy frilled elastic. / / M i f C^*^ §>$ I L^^^ \ I S**^ ~1 J w vex kettle.. 49c cry or lace trimming, 4to 12 years..
72 dozen bleached turkish towels; witl / button dasp and hosC protector: / / / / I rJ V^T^ \^T~£^ 10 -inch pie plates 8c 43c
1 samples trom a Dig mill, Dougnt at co i ors pi n k ( blue, orange, red and 111 / X*^^ _^__^^*" IT^ i-quart graduated measure 13c 3 styles children's white lawn aprons.
a price to sell at a price to crowd bl?ck; worth 25C pair . birthday / / / "" ,~ -^ 6-quart rice boilers 60c embroidery bretelles over shoulders
o-jr ccrnestic department. Pr ,- c S g vJP&&/&]} ]Th 4&/f%J&PS o **^ straight seamed saucepot, with coy- or lawn reveres: yoke plain or em-
I 45c quality now 30c (ste other notions on sale at birth- jf | **r¥S^& UjZVVw/j£f[*?l£r^^ w0 ~~ crs— 6-quart 29c, 8-quart 35c, 16- broidery trimmed; ages 4to 12 yean
t 30c quality now 20c 1 day pric( . s lhis wrek a i s ] e no . x .) quart 490 53c
« THE CREDIT HO USE"
•S Six StariiM High
India Window Seat. An odd
Resign for an odd corner. For
variety in the home. Useful
and convenient in any room
in the hous* , 75 cents
TRADE MARK ON EACH SHOE.
y^Hg\ The tremen-
ypg|lg|\ dous success of
/=s£-sS£.£«l other manufac-
3 *i|s«s?£{|||r Remember that.
1 ''fi^S^f every pair has
XgP£jZSf& the abov e trade-
mark branded in
1 w£~^M lhe sole - Thfrt y-
|&««g|| fiY3 styles,
Ml&Zjqisk widths AAA to
IWggSaSjga EEE, sizes 2to
k^^^^^S world over
W8 5 3. 50
4 EXCLUSIVE AIiKNTS.
CO Third et., S&n Francisco, second
j shoe store from M&rket. Illustrated
cata'osrue of eprins: styles mailed free, j
32