PRICE FIVE, CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVU-NO. 175.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, MAY 14, 1900.
! « SYDNEY/ N. S. ,W.,«May :i3.'— The num'-'
ber J of r cases ';¦ of I bubonic £ plague fofllclally j
reported ; to ' this 'date Ms' 216.' ¦ Of '¦ these* sev-""
enty-three have proved 'fatal; •--«.'
Status jot the" Plague.
OMAHA. May 13.— A special from Blair
to the Bee says: Officer Mencke arrived
there to-day with Rev. Rowland B. Hills,
charged with bigamy, and placed his pris
oner in jail. The English woman claiming
to be his wife arrived al Blair two weeks
ago. Mrs. Hills remained at Tacoma;
Wash., with friends. The preliminary
trial will be held Tue3day. Hills says ha
Is willing to compromise the trouble and,
pay the' expenses of clamant No. 1 back to
England.
Rev. Bowland Hills in Jail.
Large crowds collected, and it was with
difficulty that Wilson was landed in JaU.
There a special guard of twenty-five po
licemen guarded him till a start could be
made for Atlanta. Wilson was secretly
put aboard a train, but a number of
citizens had boarded the train also, whlla
others' telephoned ahead. A crowd met
the train and dispatched tho negro
quickly. _
Whitney and a friend were riding on the
electric line car. when Wilson and an
other negro entered, one sitting down In
Whitney's lap. Whitney slapped tha
negro, and a scuffle ensued, during which
Wilson fired. The ball struck Whitney
below the left eye, and he died within a
few minutes. ' • .
AUGUSTA. Ga.. May 13.— Alec "Whitney,
aged 25. a society leader, was shot and
killed on a street car here to-night by a
negro In a quarrel over a seat. The negro,
Gus Wilson, was taken off a Georgia
Railroad passenger train later at Har
lem, twenty-five miles from here, to
night by a mob and lynched. He was be
ing taken to Atlanta for safe keeping:.
on a Street Car in
Augusta.
Avenges the Killing of a White Man
GEORGIA MOB LYNCHES
' , A NEGRO MURDERER
WASHINGTON, May 13.— The Post to
morrow will say: "An order will be Is
sued-to-day relieving from duty E. G.
Rathbone, Director General of Posts in
Cuba.' He Is held responsible for extrav
agance In the . department and for the
loose business methods' in the conduct
of postal affairs on the Island, resulting
In an embezzlement of funds estimated at
$100,000. He la not charged With or sus
pected of any complicity In the frauds,
but the* Postmaster General and Secre
tary of War are convinced that his unfit
ness for the highly responsible position
has been clearly established. A reorgan
ization of the . Department of Posts will
follow." - -
:. HAVANA. May 13.— There are no fresh
developments In connection with the pos
tal frauds, but light will be thrown upon
the 'whole situation 'as soon as it is pos
sible to get C.F. W. Neely here for trial.
The military authorities do not wish- to
disclose the evidence in their possession
until the issues" come before the courts.
It is estimated- that > the brickyard In
which Neely is interested is .worth. * with
the machinery, $18,000. and it is said that
his Interest represents SO per cent.'
Death of a Jurist.
LOGANSPORT. Ind.. May 11-Judge
Horace Blddle, died to-night, aged 00. He
wasran eminent lawyer • and llteratcur.
He - picked . flaws in - Professor , Tyndall's
work on ."Sound" and made a reputation
in music. .
i -.-•:.¦ - ¦ ?
Musical Director Dead.
MUNICH, • May 13.— Dri Hermann Leler ,
court musical director, is dead.
RATH^ONE WILL BE
• REMOVED FROM OFFICE
Director General of Posts in Cuba
Considered Incompetent to
Fill the Position.
CHANGED THE DIALS -
ON THE WATER METERS
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
May 13.— Prosperity at. home and the expansion of American - commerce
abroad will be the keynotes of the Republican national platform. Confer
ences of party leaders ar« already discussing the planks to be included in
the declaration of 'party laith and their exact conventions are being scan
ned and the best features of each are being noted for incorporation into the
.^national platform. . _ - .
Ohio's platform, which had the approval of. President McKlnley.and all of
the administration leaders, will _ be more closely followed man any other
State platform, and Senator Foraker,\who was chairman of the platform
committee In St. Louis four years ago, 'is expected to preside over the same
committee this year. ...
The platform of*!S96 will be reaffirmed and the country will be congratu
lated on the restoration of prosperity resulting from the carrying out of the
principles then declared for. .There will be no shifting on. the gold Issue,. as
in 1S9G. The adoption of the gold standard will be put alongside of the Ding
ley tariff law as one of the foundations on which the Increased prosperity:
of the country rests.
' The course of the administration which freed Cuba and relieved Porto
Rico and the Philippines from the yoke of Spain will be commended, and the
platform will declare that the Republican . party Is willing-to accept the re-
suits of the war and discharge the duties imposed by them. The progress
already made toward giving Cubans a free and independent government- will*
be pointed to with commendation and the -government already established
In Porto Rico will be approved.. The party wllljbe pledged to the pacifica
tion, of the- Philippines* the' establishment" of free' schdofs in* the islands for
the elevation of inhabitants to -the American standard of intelligence and
the institution of the greatest degree of self-government of- which the Fili
pinos are capable. : , .>:•.- . ' -,
TheMoctrlrie that Congress has plenary power to govern territory belong
ing to the United. States, without restrictions Imposed in States or .wherethe '
constitution has :been specifically- extended 'by act of Congress, will be af- '
. firmed in- the most positive manner. ¦;•;.- .':•;_ " . !
: The maintenance of the Monroe dectrine. a formal recognition , of . wl^lch
was secured 'by! the American delegates to The Hague conference, increase of
| the: navy,- construction of the -Nicaraguan canal, and the passage of a bill to
¦^subsidize American, ships, will be indorsed in the platform, and the repeal 'of
'the. war revenue taxes, which are most burdensome, and the retention of
; which Is not required by the necessities of the Government, will be declared
| one of the policies to be carried but In the next cession of Congress.'
r . The' most difficult task of the platform committee wlll.be to. frame, a
' plankidealing with -tne trusts. A iniddle course probably will be steered.
I That, plank probably will be finallyjadopted which goes farthest In denun
; . elation of trusts and combinations without hieing: so extreme as to alarm con
\ servative business Interests;
Scbxme by Which the City of Chicago
;. Has Be3n Defrauded Out
¦ of Vast Sums.
: CHICAGO. May 13.— A scheme by which
the; city of Chicago has been, defrauded
outof sums aggregating $200,000, according
tq Chief of Detectives Colleran. has been
unearthed. .Clarence M. /Wolfe and
George WVPlggott, employes of the water
office in the . City \ Hall, "- are under ar
rest. It 'is alleged that Wolfe and Pig
gott'we're caught in the act of changing
the dial of a water* meter In the Rainier
Hotel. : : ¦
B The conspirators', scheme .was .to breaK
the cap of a water meter -wherever they
chose and change the . hands on the dial
so as to cut down the' record of water
used. The alleged fraud; was, reported to
the'authorities by James G. Trayner, who
said he vwas' approached : by a man who
eald, he had "fixed" the meter -of the
Rainier ¦ Hotel, of which Trayner was
manager;, and wanted ' money. He told
Trayr.er that, a number of : buildings, were
getting "three: times as much water- as
they 'were paying fo?.. Wolfe and Pig
i gott admit they had been practicing the
fraud ' for two years.' Other arrests are
v Die of Yellow Fever.
CITY- OF MEXICO. May 13.— Two
deaths v from yellow fever are reported
from ; the cTehauntepec 1 Isthmus. : F. ,'JV
Sorba,. 40 years : of ; age. ' an. agricultural
expert, died' at; Coatzacoalcos." He'-was^a
son of Don » Berriado ] Sorba,; proprietor: of
the' Santa ¦ Ana 7 ranch : at . Santa .Ana.vCal.
The. other; death "was ' that' of J. Simpson,
an^Englisman" connected - with", the -Vera
Crui. and Pacific Railroad..-
NEW YORK, May 13.— British scientist^
on the site of Cnossus, an-»»<
cient capital of Crete, have unearthed
what is believed to be the palace of tho
Kings of Crete In thf Mycenian age,
.about 1400 B. C. . In the chambers ofthe !
palace" were found a whole series of clay
.tablets, the palace archives, analogous to,
the Babylonian, but with indigenous Cre- ~
• tan script.. Professor Arthur- J. Evans,
director of the Ashmolean Museum cr£
Oxford, who had charge of the work of
excavation, telegraphed ¦'¦ to Professor
-Richardson n«ws of .the discovery, '¦¦which!
Is regarded as one of unushal Importance.
¦ The . question of" Mycenian writing and!
the actual plan and construction of tha.
palace are regarded as settled. * In a cor
ridor was found a fresco representing a
girl In Mycenian costume." holding a lone
vase. The colors are - brilliant and the
picture is said to: surpass in grace of
form anything known .of the period. Tho
tablets may establish characteristics of
the civilization of the era suns In Ho
meric poetry. - - ' - - ,V.V\
' Special Dispatch to The Call.
Archives Contain . a Series of Clajj
Tablets That May Throw Light
Upon ths. Civilization of ,i*
That Period. . •': 1
PALACE OF HOMERIC "ERA
Find Made by Scientists Ex
cavating on the Site of
Cnossus.
DWELLING OF
THE ANCIENT
CRETAN KINGS
President Steyn's movement eastward Is
BERLIN, May 13.— The occupation of
Kroonstad , by Lord Roberts .without re
sistance haa caused great' surprise here.
The military * expert of the Lokal An
zelger finds an explanation in the fact
that many of the ; Boers have deserted.
He says: ¦ .
"Lord Roberts' advance was.splordldly
executed.. It. Is worthy to be. placed be
side the Kandahar expedition^ The situ
ation is now changed so greatly In; favor
ofthe British that the fate. of the-Boers
Is settled." ¦;'. r-*>j '¦""¦¦
CAPTURE OF KROONSTAD
ASVIEWED IN BERLIN
"If Cronje had loved his country half
as well as his country loved him he would
have marched right on to the point of a
British bayonet on that morning so dis
astrous to the Boer arms, and have yield
ed up his life in order that the memory
of his name might have remained as a
watchword on the lips and in the hearts
of his gallant yocman soldiery. When
he laid down his . arms he launched a
thunderbolt Into the Boer camp which
wrecked It forever." \
"But at last the truth became known.
Some who had escaped from Cronje's
laager brought In the fateful newp^and
then the stolid looking fighting men broke
down. They wept like boys. Great,
rugged, bearded men dashed their rifles
on the ground and spurned them with
their boots whilst down their sun and
wind tanned faces the tears poured stead
ily. Others took the news sadly with
chins dropping on their chests, with hard,
set faces, while with passionate pain too
deep . for words they stood lean
ing upon their rifles with hands
hard gripped until one would think
the tightened muscles would leave
the Impress of the straining fingers
upon the cold steel. The blow had stun
ned them. Had Paul Kruger betrayed
them to their foe3 for the sake of British
gold, they would not have felt the shock
as they felt this one man's surrender.
"When the news came the folks would
not believe it. They would just as soon
have believed that the sun could fall from
the heavens and leave the earth in dark
ness a? that Cronje, the iron-willed, tiger
hearted Cronje. could throw down his
arms. Had the news come that he had
maxle a mad rush at our guns and per
ished with all his men around him they
might have believed it— believed It and
wrpt. and even as they wept they would
have sworn to avenge him. But they
would not. they could not and they did not
believe that he. the man in whom they
had placed their faith, had surrendered
with thousands of his men.
LONDON. May 13.— Rudyard Kip
? ling brought from Cape Town the
? appeal of a well-known Wesleyan
>¦ minister to the president of the
y British Wesleyan conference In fa
?• vor of the annexation of the two
? republics. To this appeal Mr. Kip
y ling- adds:
y "If through any Intellectual las
? civlousness we In England prefer to
h tickle emotion by being generous
?- once again at other people's ex
?¦ pense when the settlement comes
? all this weary, bloody work will
? have to be done anew from the be
y ginning, five or ten years back. I
y assume that you have full knowl
?¦ edge of the situation In South Af
y rica, but I do not think you can
y realize how passionately and eag
y erly the loyalists look to England
? for a sign that the mother country
?- will neither desert them nor betray
t them to the Dutch."
Burghersdorp when the news came
through. He writes:
KIPLING APPEALS
FOR ANNEXATION
OF THE REPUBLICS
Before End of Week the House Will
' * Have Finished : Its Work.
WASHINGTON,; May 13.— The House
this week will send , to the Senate the last
of the general supply bills— the ..general
deficiency and the^mllitary: academy ap
propriation « bills— and s. will ¦ be :c ready : : for
adjournment as soon as the Senate passes
them and adjusts -the 'differences between
the two houses upon those already, passed
or pending , in conference. ' ' V/-' :;;' : ;/ r
• The Senate ; to-morrow; will'. resume con
sidera t Jon of ' the naval ¦ appropriation I bill
and- It • Is- expected • that* the measure ; wll)
be passed during; the day. - - ?--
READY TO ADJOURN.
there will' be ' a" reformation : that .*¦¦. will
shake the religious world to .its founda
tion. Isms and schisms will be partsof
a broken parachute. 1 '
Rev. Mr. Patton •.will' arrange 1 for a
church edifice and will have in the build
ing billiard. and pool -.tables.:
Innovation Proposed by a Young
Minister Who Objects to Present
, Methods of Worship.
TOLEDO, Ohio. May 13— Rev. F. . E.
Patton, a young Christian minister of. this'
city, preached from the stage of Burt's
Opera-house, to-night. 1 He said:
"By the practice of the church more
people are doomed to eternal . perdition
than were ever caused by the saloons j or
any other Influence. Place no faith at all
in your churches. Mark my ; words -. that
BILLIARD AND POOL
TABLES IN CHURCH
Fatalities so Numerous in Indian
Famine Ct-nips That Victims
Cannot Bs Burled.
LONDON. May 13.— The Bombay corre
spondent of the Times says: "The chol
era contiues to rage in the famine camps.
There have been 400 deaths in three days
at Mandivoe. So numerous are the cases
at Godra that it is impossible to collect
the bodies, which He for days In the
sun. The people have fled and cannot be
induced to return. A similar state of
affairs prevails at Broach."
NEW" YORK, May 13.— The Indian fam
ine relief committee to-night issued an
appeal, asserting, that despite systematic
aid furnished 6,000,000 people in India, at
least 6,000,000 are starving. The appeal
says that America ought to send at least
a million dollars.
bodTes of dead lie
for days in the sun
men and boys has had possession of Tur
tle Creek, a small town eight miles east
of here, all evening, and at midnight the
Sheriff was called upon to aid the local
officials. The trouble was precipitated by
the Board of Health trying to take pos
session of an abandoned school building
in the town for a pesthouse. The citizens
objected to this, and when the board
made preparation to remove six cases of
smallpox to the building It. was prevented
by the moD. Special officers sworn in
could do nothing and the volunteer fire
department succeeded in dispersing the
rioters by turning the hose on them. The
crowd soon returned, however, and, cut
ting the hose, pelted the firemen with
stones and beat them with clubs until the
officers retreated. A number of the fire
men were badly cut and bruised.
The mob then surrounded the school
house, in which three of the members of
the Health Board had sought refuge and
barricaded themselves. The Sheriff and
posse arrived at 1:30 Monday morning
and commanded the crowd to disperse.
The men withdrew some distance, but it
Is reported their numbers are being con
stantly augmented and it is feared trou
ble will be renewed later.
dbjects to Project to Utilize an Aban
; -. doned School Building' for
. a F:sthouse.
'PITTSBURG. May 13.— A mob of 2000
MOB IN POSSESSION- OF
PENNSYLVANIA TOWN
NATIONAL PLATFORM
TO BE ADOPTED BY
REPUBLICAN PARTY
;Mr.; Roberts said to-day that from In .
fownatlon which he had' received the de- '¦
posit' of gold '. on I the | Siberian : coast .prom
ised to be 'the most ' .valuable i ever ? dls-~
covered^- ; NpV attempt- wllU be i made T to
work ; In the \tundra this/ year, ; but" the
party hopes, to '.be able to make some con-*
tracts Vwlth; American, owners "'of pumps
and dredges. -' ' - - -
: Hooley, the English promoter, has noth
ing:, to do With the plan. . George D. Rob
erts,, who j is; a* veteran ; California miner,
will be a member of .the exploring rparty.
Mr. -Roberts has. made a study, of; gold
deposits-. in" sea' sands and has a, 'plan for
extracting the gold from the frozen "tun
dra. ; The expedition will sail f rom ; San
Francisco on June 1., after the \ Russians
have conferred with' the Russian ''Minister
at Washington. /It ; will return, about No
vember 1, and expects to be able to make
a' complete report, on the possibilities of
thereglon. '• .'¦',"..•¦' ¦, .
• Miners who have visited the 'Siberian
coast by stealth reported that it is prac
tically the same as ; the Nome coast, con
sisting of a stripof beach, behind which
lies a tundra or belt of gold-bearing sand,
which had been thrown up by the action
of the' waves "and ' frozen.' Many compa
nies' have '. been " formed to work^dredges
and pumps off the coast of Cap* Nome
in order to draw up the precious sand
where it reaches the. beach. It. is ex
pected ' that the operation of these ap
pliances will be prevented by. the ; beach
miners," and that apparatus in which
large ' capital . has .'. been j Invested will be
Idle unless new fields are opened to. it.; If
the -expedition - to Siberia finds - what it
expects the company will invlte^the pumps
and dredges to cross to the Siberian shore
and .operate ..there upon payment of a
royalty.
NEW YORK, May 13.— New gold fields
'rivaling: in richness the deposits of Capo
Nome will be opened to American min
ors If the expectations of the members of
the Russian expedition which arrived last
night* on -the Campania on its way to
Northeastern Siberia are fulfilled.- Vladi
mir Wonlarlarsky, v a" colonel of the Rus
sian Imperial Guard, obtained the conces
sion of the vast Siberian tract which the
expedition is to examine. • "-.There were
more than forty applicants for the grant,
which had been sought with | eagerness
since theMlseovery of gold on the Ameri
can side of the Bering Sea. By means
of court influence, Wonlarlarsky. carried
off the prize. . He formed a .company in
Russia, Which planned the present Expe
dition, headed by A. Bogdanovitch, the
engineer. It is understood that a subsid
iary company hai; been formed in Eng
land in .connection with the section, but
secrecy is maintained in regard to the
English and American Interests.
Russian Expedition Will Sail From
San Francisco in June to Inves
- tigate the Possibilities of
the Region.
AMERICAN -MINERS INVITED
Siberian-Tract That Is Ex
pected to F^val Nome
.District.
VAST GOLD
FIELDS TO
BE OPENED
; . • • . : From the Spear.
' IT WAS IN, THIS ACTION THAT THE BRITISH SUSTAINED THE SERIOUS LOSS OF A WHOLE BATTERY OF GUNS AND 350 MEN. THE DUKE OF
TECK WHO WAS IN COMMAND OF THE CONVOY, IS SAID TO HAVE HIED HIMSELF TO A PLACE OF SAFETY WITH GREAT PROMPTITUDE.
LEAVING HIS ;MEN TO DO AS BEST THEY COULD. FORTUNATELY. OTHERS NOT SO HIGH IN RANK, STAYED AT THEIR POSTS AND PRE
VENTED A MORE SHAMEFUL DISASTER. THE ESCAPE OF THE DUKE FROM OFFICIAL CRITICISM, IN VIEW OF WHAT FELL TO THE LOT OP
' GENERAL GATACRE AND OTHERS, IS EXCITING MUCH COMMENT IN ENGLAND.
BATTERY D, ROYAL HORSE ARTILLERY, CAUGHT IN THE BOER TRAP AT KOORN SPRUIT ON MARCH 30.
CorT*ej--on£enc« of thr Associated Pr*B«.
LONDON. May 5.— Th.e Daily News cor
respondent. A- G. Hales, who was taken
prisoner by the Boers and returned by
them to General Cat acre, sends h's paper
an account of how the Boers received the
new« of Cronje's surrender. He was at
HOW NEWS OF CROWE'S
CAPTURE WAS RECEIVED
All Kesidents Must Tight.
The Loarfr.zo Marques correspondent of
the Times, telegraphing Sunday, says:
"It is rumored that the Transvaal Raad.
in secret session, has resolved to order all
residents. Irrespective of nationality, to
assist la the defense of the republic. In
accordance with the terms of the amend
ed military laws. The Boers recognize
that thty are now in the last extremity
and all sorts ar.d conditions of men are
being rommaadeered. The merchants
here have protested against the stoppage
of a consignment of clothing and corned
beef, of which the latter was purchased
in America. United States Consul HolUs,
whose sympathies are notorious. Is said
to have remonstrated against what he
called "Interference with American
trade." - :: •
The Standard publishes the following
from Durban, dated Sunday: "There are
persistent rumors here of heavy fighting
in Natal. A Red Cross train left last
night for the north."
LONDON. May 14. 4 a. in.— ""The war is
practically ov^r." says the Daily
Chronicle'* Kroonstad correspon
dent, and. In less definite terms,
this Is the view to be jrathered
from ' all the correspondents. They
¦picvtiTK the I2r*er* as utterly demoralized
and disheartened by Lord Roberts' unex
pectedly rapid advance and by his facile
turning of tho carefully prepared posi
tions of the Boers. There was practically
DO fighting and there are no further de
tail? to give respecting the occupation of
Kroonstad. The correspondent ' of the
Daily Telegraph pays:
"The union jack was hoisted In the
market place by Mrs. Ix>ckhead. the Am
erican wife of a Scotchman. Most of the
hcrsx-s of the Boers are in a wretched con
dition, but President Kruger declares he
¦will continue the war."
It appears tha-. the Boers at Kroonstad
had beer, reinforced by 3000 men from
Natal last Friday and that altogether 10,
000 with twenty guns trekked from Kroon
stad on the approach of Lord .Roberts. The
Boers made an Ineffectual stand at Bosch
rand and ha.d elaborate entrenchments In
front of Kroonstad. which offered great
facilities for a rear guard action. Their
only anxiety, however, appears to have
been to get away safely with all their
guns and convoys, which again they have
successful}* accomplished. The few
etores they were unable to carry away
they burned.
President Steyn is represented as hav
ing been frantic with rage and as having
kicked and cuffed the burghers after vain
ly iTnplorlng them to continue the fight.
;:,; Danger of Over-Confidence.
Lord Roberts, after a march which is
regarded as worthy of being ranked with
his famous march to Kandahar, has thus
covered another stage of his campaign, a
e^tape which although successful and with
out the mistakes and misfortunes that
characterized the earlier stages, leaves
tl-.^ Boer forces quite Intact, not having
lost a grun and. having lost very few men.
Experience has taught the critics to be
ch^ry of accepting reports of Boer de
moralization. The Times says:
"The signs point to military breakdown
on the part of the Boers, but, after ex
periences of the past, «ve cannot accept
the reports of demoralization without re
serve. The game of war must be strictly
played out to the end."
J^indlc-y, the new Free State capital. Is
forty-live miles southeast' of Kroonstad.
half way to Bethlehem, and was' proba
bly seiecti-d as a convenient rendezvous
for the ctimnandos now retiring before
General Biabant and General Rundle in
the Thaba Nchu district. Brabant has
occupied Hpcpellok. half way on the road
frc-m Thaba Nchu to Ladybrand.
There Is not a word of news regarding
General Buller's movements or from the
*ar western side. Nothing is. known,
therefore, of the Maf eking relief column.
B4&± ROOXSTAD. Orange Free State, Saturday, May^j*. — The arrival of Lord Roberts was
rffiT~ hailed with enthusiasm by all the British inhabitants. Three hundred Free Staters were .
QS <B£ anxious to surrender. The bridge to the south had not been destroyed, but the large bridge near
the toivn had been demolished. The Irish brigade zvith the Federals yesterday burned the
goods shed. According to the townspeople many of them were drunk.
The Boers are now trekking to the Vaal River, where they arc entrenching. 'General French en
camped northeast of the town and dispatched a force to cut the line. The project succeeded lale at '
night, but unfortunately after the departure of the last irain.
Although the troops had marched sixteen miles they were in excellent form on entering the toivn.
Many arrests have been made, chiefly of those zvho had maligned the British. It was found that many
persons hare been deported from Ladybrand for ultra sympathy with the British. President Steyn has.}
gone to Lindlcy, the new scat of Hit Free State Government. A numb:r of the burghers are trekking'
hamezvard. The opposition in the Free State is practically over. All the prisoners in the hands of the
British here agree that the quarrel betzveen the Free Staters and the Transvaalcrs is so acute that the
Tranvsalcrs have decided to leave their allies, whom they accuse of cowardice and lad of patriotism.
Most of the Transz'aal prisoners think that if they are defeated at the Vaal River the Boers will
retreat to Pretoria, but there appears to be a growing distrust in the Transvaal Government. In a word,
the backbone of the Boer resistance seems to have been broken. The burghers arc fighting without their
prei'ious stubbornness. They seem ready to retreat on the slightest pretext. The prisoners, even the
Transzaalers, appear glad to have been captured. They say they arc sick of a war which can have
only one end. Several have exclaimed, "We have lost our liberty, but why should we lose our lives?"
Correspondents With Roberts' Army Reiterate
Tales of Strife and Jealousy in Patriot Ranks
and Assert That the Backbone of Resistance
British Cavalry Strikes Too Late at the
Federal Troops and Supply Trains
Trekking* Toward the Borders of the
GENERAL FRENCH FAILS TO GUT OFF
THE BOER RETREAT FROM KROONSTAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Interpreted as confirming the rumors of
bickerings between the Transvaalcrj and
the Free Staters.Mrs. Annie Bridgewood,, formerly : wife
of Sam I Bridgewood and sister, of ex-Con
gressman .Tom i Geary, .was ¦ found dead- in
bed" last , night in '. a lodging-house ; at 220
Third street. :: The 'case was; reported '; to
the Morgue. : and from \ information s gath
ered by Deputies B'lannagan and Brown It
Is i evident that ? death ¦ was ;¦ the ; result of
natural causes." "Mrs. : Bridgewood - was
employed I in a ¦ book '.bindery. Her, friends
claim that she had suffered at times from
heart trouble. 'She went, to her room yes
terday : morning, x and was * found ' dead by
a bedmaker about 5 o'clock in ' the even
ins.' ..•.-•-¦¦'¦¦. ¦ r--.::'..
Found Dead in Bed.
THREE M2ET DEATH
IN A SEVERE STORM
Much Damage Done in the Cities of
St. Paul and Minneapolis by a
Heavy Wind.
ST. PAUL. Minn., May 13.-Three per
sons were killed and two were seriously
injured during a severe wind and rain
storm this evening. The dead:
FANNIE MULLEX, killed in St. Luke's
Church.
JOHN M. LAND, struck by lightning.
PATRICK SEXTON*.
The injured: iliss Mary Sexton, arm
and head cut and bruised; Patrick Sexton
Jr., aged 10, bruised and cut.
The wind played havoc with the tele
phore wires between this city and Minne
apolis. The poles of the company for
two blocks were strewn over the track of
the Intersuburban trolley line, thus block
ing traffic for the night. Sidewalks were
displaced and buildings suffered.
Patrick Sexton, senior member of the
firm of Sexton & Co.. wholesale cigar
dealers, had been at Como Park with nls
four children and they were driving home.
On Dale street the storm dislodged the
sidewalk, which crashed into Mr; Sexton's
carriage, killing him almost Instantly and
more or less ' injuring his daughter and
10-year-old son. <
EMPEBOR HOPES FOB, PEACE.
Francis Joseph Speaks of Russia's
Friendship for Austria.
BUDAPEST, May 13.— Replying to-day
to an address from the presidents of the
Austrian and the Hungarian delegations
with reference to his recent visit to Ber
lin, Emperor Francis Joseph declared: .
'. .'/In. the intimate relations 'of ; the allies
80 closely manifested ¦ at_ Berlin I find a
happy complement of the excellent rela
tions between Austria. Hungary- and all
the powers, especially^ Russia. May this
augur firm conditions • for , the continuing
maintenance of peace.'.' .
Has " Come to Look After . Some
Private Business Interests
in the State.
•'Governor Robert B. i Smith : of Montana
arrived at the Palace Hotel yesterday, : ac
companied by Dr. i J. : M. , Fox, a"'¦•.promi
nent resident of Red Lodge, Montana/and
F. R. Hinds. The Governor is here purely
on a business . trip, v- and will i' leave this
morning -for the" northern • part 'of the.
State, where he has. mining interests. -He
expects to return to San Francisco before
leaving the State. Governor Smith waa
here when .1 the - Montana f Volunteers r re
turned from the Philippines and at ' that
time made many warm personal friends.
GOVERNOR SMITH OF
MONTANA IN THE CITY
, ' MONTEREY, May 13.— A committee of
citizens . of this ; place, headed by the
Monterey Masonic fraternity, has been or
ganized for an effort to secure the Califor
nlaT Odd "Fellows' "Home-^about 'to ..be
moved from*' Thennallto— for c Monterey.'
The committee consists of Dr. "A. M. Staf
ford,-William Kay, R. C. Sargent, tH.
Schaufele. 1 Wallace C. Brown, R.- F. John-'
son.'F. A:« Batch :and;R.'. Gunzendorfer.
Some 1 important ; steps relative to -. obtain
ing -- the .' necessary -land s upon which ¦• to
build ..the J home and - making t the > canvass
cf ; the • I. i O:~ O: .; F.t Grand . Lodge » of Cali
fornia for, the purpose of ascertaining the
general opinion ;in the matter .will v be
taken. A. No 1 attempt '-•- to '• raise funds i has
been' made as yet, but it is understood. the
requisite donations -will not -be • wanting
when' the \ time ' comes.
Site for - Odd Fellows' Home.
Special Dispatch '. to The Call.
. The body, which had been in the water
about; ten days, was that of a man of 5
feet 10 inches in height, and judging from
the face the unknown was of German na
tionality. His coat 1 hears the trade mark
of 'Frank Bros.. San Antonio. 1 Texas. » The
body was dressed in a suit of black cassi
mere.' In the pockets was $1 85, some rail
road folders, a bunch t. keys and a cigar
case. -Coroner -Ede* «t San Rafael took
charge of the remains and -will hold an
inquest on Tuesday. V: :¦
BELVEDERE, May 13.— Belvedere, has
contributed her share to the unsolved
mysteries j of the bay. Joseph Scott and
M." Hartmann early, this morning discov
ered the body of an unknown man -washed
up by • the tide below Macullln's fishery.
The drowned man had evidently met his
fate« on this aide of; the bay, for in his
pockets was an' unused ferry check en
titling him to ride from Tiburon to San
Francisco. . -. - •'.¦• . ;
Up Near Belvedere.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Body of an Unknown Man Washed
MYSTEBYOF THE BAY.
Vicar General Dead.
• ROCHESTER. r N. . Y. , , May ; 13.-Rey. .- J.
P.' Kiernan,' vicar general of theiRoches
ter diocese, died to-day,' aged 44 years.
John Redmond Declares That Lord
Salisbury's Remarks f Were
Puerile and Absurd
MANCHESTER. May 13.— John E. Red
mond, sessional chairman of the United
Irish Nationalist party, and John Dillon,
former chairman of the then dominant
wing of Irish Parliamentarians, appeared
here to-day on the same platform at the
Irish demonstration in Free, Trade Hall.
Mr. Redmond said the meeting celebrated
the close of a disastrous chapter in Irish
history. For the first time in a decade he
had the pleasure, he remarked, of stand-
Ing upon the same platform with Mr.-Dil
lon whose presence proved the genuine
ness of the reunion. In conclusion ; he
said:
Much remains to be done, but the Irish Par
liamentary party Is determined to let: the dead
past bury Its dead. ' At the very moment, after
the chivalrous receMlon to the Queen in Ire
land, when an opportunity presented itself- to
cement the feeling between the two countries,
Lord Salisbury ha« mlsrpresented Irish claims
with cynical and brutal frankness. | bff erlnz . an
absolute non-pos-sumue to the reasonable de
mands of Ireland. Ills Lordship spoke of dan
gers ahead of the empire.* If the forces he
mentioned were to dash on British shores there
is one spot where they would not be received as
enemies or ] Invaders. - H ' advocated .the I forma
tion of rifle . clubs, but he . will - not permit Ire
land to enlist' volunteers 'or. to bear arms. .;. UIs
proposal, therefore. Is an Insult to Ireland, and,
60 far" a« the rest of the empire Is concerned.
It Is puerile and absurd.
Edmond's " Body Found.
SEATTLE. Wash.. May 13.— The body of
David Edmonds, ex-State Mine Inspector,
who had been missing from his home since
May 3. was found in < the underbrush near
Lake Washington this afternoon wlth;the
throat cut. -He had i been, in HI health. •
FAMOUS IRISHMEN
APPEAR ON THE PLATFORM
NEW ROAD TO PORTLAND.
Extend Its Line.
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific to
CHICAGO. May 13.— The Record to
morrow will say: It la reported that the
Chicago. Rock Island and Pacific will ex
tend Its line to Portland. Or. Denver is
the present western terminus of this road.
It is said the final survey has been finished
between Denver and Ogden and track lay
ing on that part of the extension will be
gin, this summer. A preliminary survey
has been made between Ogden and Port
land.
Death of a Pionesr.
SAN JOSE. May 13.— Frederick Erie, a
pioneer merchant, died this morning, aged
74 years. He came to San Jose In 1S55
and has held many responsible positions.
SAN RAFAEL, May 13.-Twenty-flve
Chinese fishermen, .with their, boats and
nets, were captured off Point San Pedro
to-day by Deputy Fish Commissioner. J.
H.' Davis, who after taking his prisoners
to Novato. where they were charged with
having; possession of small fish, lodged
them In the jail here. The Fish Commis
sioners, not- having been able to secure a
conviction in San Rafael, will this time
bring the cases before the I Novato tri
bunal, where they are -confident that the
jury will see their side of the question.
Chinese Arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Boys playing in the, market house had
set tire to a large pilOi of tarred lumber
stored there. The names spread rapidly
and were soon beyond control, making it
necessary to. call on Philadelphia for aid.
CAMDEN, N. J., May 13.— Fire to-day,
which broke out in the Farmers' Market
House at Fifth and Federal. streets, com
pletely destroyed that building,, ten stores
and about fifty small dwellings, causing?
a loss estimated at $200,000, and rendering
homeless about 250 persons. These people
are to-night quartered in the Armory
building and are being fed at the expense
of the city.
BIG BLAZE IN NEW JEBStiY.
EMPORIA, Kan., May 13.— Hundreds of
men on foot, on horseback and in all
kinds of vehicles are scouring Neosho
Valley to-night for two alleged bank rob
bers, James Murphy and E. V. Estell. who
last night added murder'to their crime by
killing Deputy Marshal Edward Roberta
of Dunlap, a member of a party that had
been pursuing the robbers for several
days.
On May 9 Murphy and Estell, It is al
leged, robbed a bank at Maryville, Kan.,
and since then a posse of deputies has
pursued the robbers, traveling a distance
of over 150 miles. About midnight last
night the robbers were " encountered acci
dentally in the dark by Roberts and a
companion who had become separated
from the pursuing party. Before they rec
ognized the robbers one of the latter had
emptied both barrels of his shotgun Into
Roberts, killing him instantly. Roberts
was but six feet from the robbers and the
shot tore a big hole in his chest. The
robbers again fled. Later they stole ex-
Mayor Sargent's horse and buggy and
started south.
Roberts was well known In Emporia and
the news of Ms tragic death caused great
excitement. Numerous posses were soon
fotmed and began scouring the country.
About 6 o'clock this evening the robbers
had been traced to within three miles of
Emporia. Lynching will surely follow
their capture.
Hard Pressed Bandits Shoot
Down One of Their
Pursuers.
POSSE BENT
ON LYNCHING
BANK ROBBERS
The total loss to the powder company is
estimated at $5000. One year ago to-day
Foreman Arthur Graves and Assistant
Wilklns were killed In an explosion.
About 100 yards from the demolished
building is located the. new nitroglycerin
plant, which department was to-day
undergoing repairs, and twenty carpen
ters and lead burners were In the building
at the time. ¦¦; .
He ran toward the Ice plant and had
gone » but a short distance when he felt
himself being raised into the air and was
thrown a distance of twenty feet. He es
caped without a scratch. A bulkhead be
tween the acid-cooling house and the acid
cooling mixing-house saved the latter
building, which contained over 700 pounds
of nitroglycerln. The debris immediate
ly caught' fire, but the well-organized fire
department of the company soon had It
under control. .
PINOLE. May 13.— The acid-cooling de
partment of the California Powder Works
exploded this morning at 8:45 o'clock, to
tally destroying the plant. George Cooper
was in charge of the place at the time of
the accident, and his escape was miracu
lous. Mr. Cooper «ays ' the fire wnich
caused the explosion started In the large
acid tank situated outside of the main
building and that he had but three sec
onds' warning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The Acid House
Totally Destroyed
by Fire.
EXPLOSION
AT THE PINOLE
POWDER WORKS
NEW YORK, May 13.— The World has
the following from Syracuse, N. Y.: Mrs."
Mary D. Grace, teacher in Tompkins
School, has received a telegram from her
*on in the City of Mexico apprising her of
ine fact that the -lower courts of Du
rango have executed the order of " the
Supreme (Jourt of Mexico affirming-, her
title to the Bismarck and Vacas mines in
the State of Durango, and, the son, Will
iam J. Grace, has been placed in charge
of the property. This is fortunate news
for Mrs. Grace, who for ten years has
fought to establish her title to the prop
erty, which is said to be worth anywhere
from $6,000,000 to $12,000,000. They are sil
ver-lead mines.
Net only does L|ra. Grace get possession
of the property, but she is also entitled to
a large judgment against the men who
have Illegally operated the mines for
many years. They, however, have some
rights in the property, which Mrs. Grace
or her agents will be held accountable for.
Young Grace telegraphs his mother that
he has had many olfers of a settlement. It
was thought by friends that either these
offers will be accepted or the property
sold to some big syndicate, as a great deal
of money should be put in to operate the
mines on a complete scale.
Mary D. Grace was for many years a
resident of San Francisco, where in 18S2
her husband, in company with other
Americans, became .interested in the Va
cass, San Marcos and Bismarck lead , and
silver mines In Durango. The mines had
lor centuries been successfully worked by
Spaniards and are at present estimated to
be worth about $20 ,000 ,000. ,A recent ex
ploration of the shafts and tunnels showed
about $12,000,000 In ore in sight.
About six years ago Mrs. Grace was de
prived of possession of the mines by rival
claimants, who went before a local Judge
and made affidavit that they were the true
owners and that .Mrs. Grace's son, Will
iam J. Grace, was in unlawful possession
of the property. The Judge thereupon or
dered out the rurale military police and
drove Grace and his associates out at the
point of the bayocet. Ever since then
Mrs. Grace has been teaching school and
saving all she could out of her slender sal
ary in order to provide means to keep up
the fight for her property In the Mexican
courts. ' ¦'¦• - " • • •:^ i <- -'¦
Special Dispatch to The Call
Former San Francisco Wo
man Awarded Possession
of Mexican Mines.
COURT DECISION
GIVES MILLIONS
TO MRS. GRACE
Incorporation Discussed.
Filial r>h<patr:h to The Call.
MILL VALLEY. May 13.— The citizens
of Mill Valley last night held a mass
meetinc to discuss the question of incor
poration as a moans of ousting the liquor
men, wno. by Judge Angellotti's decision
In their favor, now overrun the town, and
also to generally better the town's condi
tion. Love.ll White and Mr. Kappelmann
were the mainstays of the opponents of
Incorporation, while Louis Jaynes, secre
tary of the Mount Tamalpals Land and
"Water Company, was Its most stalwart
advocate. A committee -was appointed to
look into the matter and in three weeks'
lime they will make report.
Glucose Plant Shuts Down.
WAUKEGAN, 111.. May 13.— News that
the big glucose plant of the United States
Sugar Refining Company will clo&e down
Is ronflrmed. Manager Paul Morton
states thai the shutdown Is- but tempo
rary to admit of» enlargements -'and re
pairs, but the plant Is practically newand
has been running a Jew months, so It
Fhould hardly need extensive repairs.
Corn is high and other glucose plants are
closing, po it Is feared the shutdown may
be more serious.
attorney for the purpose of seeing Gov
ernor Gage, and atempting to secure his
assistance toward the recovery of her
younp son. Colonel Marceau a few days
ago departed for the East with the child
concerning whom such a contest has been
made In the courts, and it in the purpose
of Mrs. Marceau to obtain fropi Governor
Gape, if possible, extradition papers for
the arren of Marceau in New York for
kidnaping the boy.
The Governor is out of the city at pres
ent, but it 1b eaid that Mrp. Marceau will
*ta.le the facts to his private secreetary
to-morrow.
SACRAMENTO. May 13.— Mrs. Theo
dore Marceau is in Sacramento v.ith her
Cpecial Dispatch to The Call.
Wishes to Have Papers Issued for
the Arrest of the Colonel
in New York.
MRS. MARCEAU SEEKS
AID AT SACRAMENTO
TBp*clal Dispatch to The Call.
• KESWTCK. May 13.— F. I* Scheeley, a
smokestack painter of San Frajicisco, had
a marvelous escape Ircm Instant death
here this afternoon. He had just been
hoisted to the top of a sixty-foot smoke
t-taxk at the smelter pumping; plant when
the holetlngr rope broke and Scheeley fell.
>He had fallen but ten feet when he came
;near enough to one of the wire guy lines
•lor him to grasp It with one hand.
He held fa5t. freed himself from his
nhair and paint buckets, threw one leg
over the fruy lin*>s and slid down to the
.ground palely. His only hurt was a badly
Trrenched shoulder, caused by his sudden
stoppage by the guy wire. He considers
himself very fortunate, under the circum
stances. He was remarkably cool through
to His Death.
But for Presence of Mind F. L.
Scheeley Would Have Fallen
NARROW ESCAPE OF. A
SMOKESTACK PAINTER
l>etweon the Canadian Pacific, Northern
Pacific and Great Northern Rail way? ,
which in the event that the Canadian Pa
cific loses means that it is to be entirely
t^hut out of Puget Sound cities. ! . Their
traffic arrangement with the Seattle and
International over which they have enter
ed Seattle for the la^t three years expires
iiay 31, 1!*>J, and the Northern Paciiic,
Ts-hlch now owns the Seattle and Interna
tional, has notined the Canadian road,
it is said, that it would not be renewed.
The only thing thus left open to the
Canadian Pacific is the purchase or lease
of the Bellingham Bay and British Col
umbla Railroad, which runs from tMs
city to a connection with the Canadian
Pacific and Seattle and International at
Pumas, on the International boundary
line. It is now said that the Nortnen,
Pacific Is trying to purchase the Belling
liam Bay and Britten Columbia, which will
not only entirely shut the Canadian Fa
ciflc out of the Sound cities, but will
them f ntry into Dellingham Bay as well.
President Cornwall of the Bellingham
Bay and British Columbia has been tn
conference with Northern Pacific offi
cials, and it is said that Canadian Pac»uo
officials will arrive Tuesday for a confer
ence with Mr, Cornwall.
2Hay Hesult in the Canadian Pacific
Being Shut Out of Puget Sound
Cities.
NEW TVHATCOM. Wash.. May 11-
An interesting fight has been precipitated
FIGHT BETWEEN THREE
NORTHERN RAILROADS
PARIS. May 14.— Captain Alfred Drey- I
fus left Geneva last evening, and arrived
with his wife in Paris this morning. The
Government is much worried by this
journey ,' which was quite unlooked for,
and will take measures to have him
leave as soon as possible, owing to its fear
of demonstrations.
Dreyfus Returns to Paris.
THE Comtesse de Martelle de Janyille, who startled "tout Parle" last Sat
urday with a circumstantial story that she had been kidnaped by three
bad men, is better known to the reading world as "Gyp," authoress of
a number of the lcadlnsr novels of the day. Is the grcat-grand-daughter
of the brother of the celebrated Mirabeau. She was born at the Chateau de
Koetsat in the Morblhan in 1S50, and in 1863 married the Comte de Martelle, who
in 1SS8, by official permission, added to his name that of his wife's family, de
Requeue de Mirabeau.
Her first sketches published In , "La vie Parisienne" were noted for "the
very delicate malice of their observations, their witty, risque tone and their
art of enclosing a moral in a tale that bordered very closely on the indeli
cate. Some of her types have been made proverbial, "Paulette" the luxur
ious woman of the world, "Petit Bob," and "London," the boy and girl of high
life, for instance. Her writings have always found ready acceptance with
the high-class magazines. One of her books "Autour du Marlage" was dra
matized by herself and M. H. Cremieux, but the play did not meet the same
success as the novel.
The Comtesse is in the habit of illustrating her own books, under the
pseudonym of "Petit Bob," in a. childlike and comic manner, that has taken
well. Besides those mentioned above, her principal works are "Pour ne pas
l'etre," "Passionette," "Cos Bons Normands" and "Le Mariage de Chiffon,
the last named being very popular.
The Brewery Workers' Union announced
that it would. contribute $1000 a week to
ward the support of the strikers.
The resolution also asked that the mem
bers of the trades and labor unions of St.
l.onis contribute to the maintenance of
the striking carmen and provides for the
institution of. proceedings against the St.
Louis Transit Company to annul the
franchises under which its different lines
operate because of the failure to run cars
as provided by Its charter.
Both the Suburban find St. Louis Tran
sit companies will operate as many of
their lines to-morrow as thq Police, De
partment can protect. The owners of
vehicles of every description had the
street to themselves to-day. But for them
the streets would have been deserted.
This was the last day, according to Gen
eral Manager Baumhoff, that the places
vacated by men on the St. Louis Transit
Company would-be held open for them.
After to-day if they do not express a de
sire to return to, work new men will be
put in their places.
Governor Stephens, accompanied by At
torney General Crow, came down from
Jefferson City this evening and gave out a
communication that he had sent to the
president of the Board of Police Commis
sioners and the Chief of Police. In it Gov
ernor Stephens says in part:
: "To the end that the public peace and
order may be restored and maintained
you are directed to use Immediately the
full power given you by the law, and if
your power is inadequate (which I am
loth to believe) notify me and I will ex
ercise my full authority to assist you."
A secret mass meeting- held to-night by
the presidents, secretaries and business
agents of every trade and labor organi
sation of St. Louis after a session lasting
several hours adopted a resolution calling
a general meeting for Wednesday night
to consider the advisability of ordering a
general sympathetic strike in case the
differences between . the street railway
company and its employes are not adjust
ed before that time.
ST. LOUIS, May 13.-The sixth day of
the street ..railway strike has been es
pecially quiet and devoid of Interest. Not
a wheel on any of the lines,- except of
the mail cars, were turned In the city
to-day in consequence of the decision of
Chief of Police Campbell to give the men
of the force, who had had but little time
for rest during the past five days, a
chance to recuperate for the coming week.
The management of the two street rail
way companies, who feared to run cars
without police protection, decided to make
no j attempt to keep their lines open. As
a result the turbulent scenes that last
week marked the opening of. the different
lines were not experienced and the day
passed off without any serious trouble.
The only police on duty were stationed at
the different power-houses and car sheds.
Rest, Consequently the Strikers
¦,-¦-• Axo Supreme.
Police Taken Off to Give the Men a
NOT A WHEEL TURNED
ON THE ST. LOUIS LINES
A mass-meeting of strikers has been
called for to-morrow morning: at 10:30,
when it is believed determined action
will be decided upon. The meeting will be
presided over by National Organizer
Harry Bryan. . Bryan to-night expressed
his firm conviction that the. men would
ultimately win. and declared that the
fight would be forced from now on.
In addition to the resolutions of sympa
thy the Industrial Council unanimously
adopted an appeal to the Missouri mem
bers in Congress, setting forth the history
of the recent strike and urging the rep
resentatives, in the name of humanity, to
use their best endeavors to have Con
gress pass an act limiting the power of
Unites States Judges in issuing injunc
tions. In this connection there is also
favored the election of. United States
Judges by direct vote of the people. The
appeal was occasioned, of course, by
restraining order issued against the strik
ers last night by United States Judge
Hook. .
The Industrial Council is composed of
fifty-three different unions outside of the
building trades. Each of these unions
were represented at to-day's meeting by
two -delegates.
During the afternoon the Industrial
Council held an enthusiastic meeting and
adopted ; resolutions ,_ sympathizing with
the street-car men and ordering a boy
cott of the railway company. The reso
lutions request the heads of the differ
ent unions represented in the council to
instruct their members not to ride on
the cars and urge the members of these
unions working in the railway company's
power-house and shops, in whatever ca
pacity, to strike in sympathy with the
street-car men. The resolutions go as far
as to request the union musicians who
furnish music at the parks controlled by
the company to refuse to play for the
daily concerts.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 13.T-Every
street car. line. in this city and .Kansas
City, Kans., was In full operation to-day
and no show of violence was offered by the
strikers. The injunction of the Federal
Court, enjoining the union men from in
terfering • with the ; running of the cars,
and the added- fact that It was Sunday,
combined to have a salutary effect upon,
the strikers. There was practically noth
ing to indicate that a strike was In prog
ress. President Holmes declared that, so
far N as his company was concerned, the
walkout' was a matter of history, and he
emphasized the statement by Joining a
party. of friends on a jaunt to Leaven
worth. ' The strikers, interviewed individ
ually, however, declared they were still
hopeful, and that to-morrow would show
different results.
Latter Assert that They Have by No
Means Given Up and Will Be
new the Fight With In
creased Vigor.
Officials Declare That the
* Strikers Have Been
Defeated.
STREET CARS
OPERATING IN
KANSAS CITY
! ptsiny that measure, has been filed in
I the House by the majority of the mem
j bers of the Democratic minority of the
I Committee on Merchants Marine and
Fisheries. Representative Fitzgerald of
Massachusetts drew the report, which
j was signed also by Representative de
! Vrie.« of California, Daly of New Jersey
! and Speight of Mississippi. Three other
i Democrats of the committee— Chandler,
' Small and Ransdvll — have heretofore sub
¦ mltted their views, upholding the general
! principle of Government aid to the mer
: chant marini|; but pointing out defects in
; the bill. The present report, therefore,
> represents the opposition to the measure
j both in principle and m detail. In. the
I main it is an argument against Govern
! ment subsidies, and assert j that most of
the proposed $!<,0yo,000 subsidy will go to a
few favored concerns without building up
American shipping in general or encour
! aging American exports.. The report
| quotes a recent utterance of President
I McKinley on the remarkable increase of
j our ship building and says in part:
I Our foreiKtj trade, then, is increasing 1 with
¦ wonderful rapidity and our shipbuilding in
dustry is remarkably pros]>*rou8 without sub-
I niil}\ Why then should the whole country be
i taxed to provide gratuities for industries which
i are now prosperous end which have every pros
i pec*; of continuing to be more and more pros
perous?
j Kven if our foreign commerce were in a de
clining rather than In a fairly prosperous con-
I dition it is Improbable that the present bill
| would give any relief, and for the followinc
' reason:
j because gubFidic? are graded according to the
[ speed "ami capacity of ships and are more than
I twice as high per ton of capacity for the swift
, paR5enj:er steamers, which carry but Httl<s
I carRo. as for ordlrjary freight steamers, which
I cmry *» to 90 per cent of our exports. The
, subsidy, therefore, if it affects lates at all,
i will affect passenger rather than freight rates.
Effect on Freight Rates.
I An only about 3 per cent of the total tonnage
of the world's shipping is subsidized, and as
| nearly all of the present subsidy Roes to pas
senger and mall steamers, the hopelessness of
trying by subsidy to lower freight rates and
increase commerce Is apparent. Unlimited »ub
. pidy would be necessary to lower general freight
j rates. If any one country attempts by subsidy
j to secure lower rates the subsidy must 50 to
all ships carrying freight*. Otherwise the
1 moment the few (subsidized ships lower rates
for one country l!i<! unsubsidized ships (tramp
steamers, etc.) will withdraw to other service
and rates for this iiaurticular country will go
back to the world's* level. H«nce it is practi
cally beyond the ability of any. one country to
materially reduce by subsidy its ocean freieht
ratee and in this way to increase its foreign
trade.
It cannot be shown, from the history of sub
sidies, that they ever materially lowered freight
rates <>r increased the commerce of the coun
tries granting them. Trade conditions, and
not trade theories, fix the rates which shippers
will i-ay and which shipowners can tret. Neither
does the .history of subsidies show' that any
country has ever built up its merchant marine
in this way. Our experience with the Collins
Brazil and Pacific Mail lines is the present ex
perifence of France and Italy and past experi
ence, of all other countries which have civen
¦real subsidies. .
As the Government could not under the pro
posed law take American" f hips for cruisers or
transports on any more favorable terms than' it
can now obtain them, x-iz.. by paying for them
ail they are w/irth. it will on this -score get
nothing In return fdr its lavish subsidy expen
ditures. Neither is there anything in the hit
whkh would provide American seamen for our
national defense. In no way then would this
bill provide for the national delense. On the
oontraiy, by draining $s».«Xj,000 a year from our
national treasury, it weakens our national de
fense by t.ikinvr money which might otherwise
be invested in more ships or in transports,
provision, ammunition, etc.. In case of war.
Ship-Building Trust Feared.
Such a large amount of subsidy practically
put at the disposal of the few who benefit by
this bill canni>t but tend to unite, even more
closely than now, the great ship-building, shlp
ownlngr and railroad interests concerned in this
measure. By the time these few interests bring
in their foreign-owned ships and get their ship*
now being built Into the subsidy race the J9.O0O.
000 limit will undoubtedly be reached. Hence.
It will be to their Interest to combine to stop
competition and to prevent their subsidy rates
and Droflts from lic-clinins. W* 1 believe that
euch a combination would be completed soon
after the passage ot this bill.
We ulace no faith in the anti-trust amend
m*>nt. All the- Feder*i and State anti-trust laws
now in existence havt proven futile and hav'e
not lessened the rap'ti growth of trusts. We
*ee no reason for think*"; that this anti-trust
amendment wculd prove more effective.
By this bill, which nrofesses to be Intended
Uuce the Government is asked to pav to the
stockholders of a single ship line Jl,*500,000 a
year for carrying abroad in Its four tlrst-clai's
passenger ships, not American uroducts but
American tourists who can afford to travel and
spend their money in Europe. That Is, the
Oovernment is asked to pay. not for the ex
portation of American produce, but for the ex
portation cf American customers.
The report contends that even if sub
sidies are justifiable in building up an en
terprise, such as the Pacific roads, yet
there Is no justification for "a reward to
existing lines."
In conclusion, the objections are sum
med up as follows:
1. The objection professed In the title are
entirely forjrotten in the body of the bill.
2. It is reasonably certain that the most of
the subsidy would go to lines already estab
lished and prosperous.
3. Under this bill the ordinary freight Rteam
ers. which carry SO or 00 per cent of our agri
cultural exports, will get but a fraction of the
amount ot subsidy which the passenger steam
ers would receive, although the latter carry less
than 10 per cent of our agricultural exports.
; 4. Under this bill a Khlp can run practically
: in ballpst and draw subsidy. We believe that
; when freight Is not promptly offered It will pay
than to wait for cargo.
5. Tr.l* bill cocld tp.x all our citizens to pro
vide extra profit for a favored few in this fa
vored industry.
6. The professions of this bill are insincere
and its principles are unsound. We |>elieve
that the best Interests of this nation do not de
mand the passage of this or of any similar bilL
WASHINGTON, May 13.— The minority
report on the shipping subsidy bill, op-
Fearful That the Proposed Legisla
tion Would Itesult in, Creating
a Combine Among
. Builders.
Minority Report Submitted
by Members of House
Committee.
OBJECTIONS TO
THE SNIPPING
SUBSIDY BILL
Buencarnino's reputation, gained in for
mer wars, is that of a man who hurries
to get on the winning side. He was* in
diffavor with the Filipinos, even before
the collapse of their Government, owing
to a widespread suspicion of dislovalty
to his oolloasrues.
Last week General Ma c Arthur- received
a larpe number of officials— Consuls, offi
cers and representatives of commercial
bodies. To Lieutenant Colonel Crowder,
his military secretary, he will assijjn
many duties heretofore devolving upon
The Adjutant-General. This step is taken
in view of the Increasing importance of
the post of Governor General. Mac-
Arthur 1 ? policy appears to involve con-
Fiderable dfoentralization. He will give
to his !=tan" authority in matters of detail
and will devote himself to questions of
•pulley. - - ¦ . • ..
age.
A paper found among the captured ef
fects of General Pantalon Garcia asserts
that the United States Congress has done
nothing for the Filipinos, and that, there
fore, all Filipinos who are. working for
Americans must leave their employers
Immediately or suffer the penalty of trea
son.
One report i* that the Filipino Junta is
endeavoring to Incite an outbreak in order
to show the Civil Commission thdl the in
surrection is still alive.
It does not seem probable that the peace
proposals v.-hich Senor Buencamino. at
"ne time a member of the so-called Fili
pino Government, has drawn up for f?ub
mlsjijon to Aguinaldo and the other in
surgent leaders, wiil have much weight
with the Filipinos.
unteer Infantry. The Insurgents opposed
the landing of the Americans and sus
tained heavy lo.sses. The Americans had
three casualties.
The latest rumor of an outbreak in
Manila among the natives, which' was in
circulation last week, was seriously dis
cussed by some of the local papers and
attracted more general attention than has
uj-caliy been the case with this sort of
thing. As a matter of fact, many Fili
pinos did leave their American employers
vith the apparent intention of joining
wme such movement. Their action, taken
in connection with the arrest of several
natives for carrying concealed weapons
and the dispersion of several suspicious
gatherings, gave color to the report.
The officiate have been active in the
matter, but are not inclined to think ai>
•uprising will be attempted. The-" believe
the Filipinos lack the necessary cour-
Among 1 the Natives in
Manila,
MANILA. May ll— The tov.ns of Hilon
goe and Maasin, Island of Leyte have been
occupied by troops of the Forty-third Vol-
Insurgents Resist Americans
and Sustain Heavy
Pilipino Junta Believed to Be En
deavoring to Incite an Outbreak
OCCUPATION OF
TWO TOWNS ON
LEYTE ISLAND
PARIS. May 14.— The second ballots In
the municipal election in Paris yesterday
(Sunday) In the districts left without
definite results on May 6 have given the
Nationalists twenty out of thirty seats.
This result fully Justifies them in claim
ing a great local victory,- inasmuch as
seventeen out of the twenty seats are
direct gains from the Ministerial Social
ists, t
With the districts they carried on May
6 the Nationalists will now control twen
ty-eight new members in the new Muni
cipal Council. This gives them a sweep
ing majority. Thus the Waldeck-Rous
seau Cabinet has suffered a severe re
buke in .Paris, and the outcome Is sure
to be exceedingly interesting. The Paris
Municipal Council has always been a.
truculent body, but with the Council pull
ing one* way and the Government another,
stirring times are probably in store for
Parisians.
Thoughout the day great animation pre
vailed in the arrondissements where the
polling- took place. Intense excitement
prevailed during the evening on Boule
vard Montmartre, where a crowd of a
thousand collected in front of the bureau
of the Nationalist and anti-Jewish organ,
La. Libre Parole, to learn the results.
These were shown on an illuminated
transparency. Between the announcement
of results portraits of Paul Deroulede
and of anti-Nationalists were thrown on
the screen. The portrait of Deroulede
was greeted with frantic cheering, but the
others brought forth loud hooting and
hissing. Finally the proceedings became
so uproarious that strong detachments of
police were compelled to clear the neigh
borhood and the adjacent streets were
cordoned. This measure led to several
conflicts between the crowd and the po
lice, but there were no serious disorders
At a late hour Nationalist youths pa
raded the streets cheering and shouting
"Vive Deroulede," "Vive l'Armee" and
"A bas les Juifs."
Eighteen arrests wero made on the
boulevards. In the provinces calm was
maintained, except at Marseilles, where
bands of anarchists paraded the town and
broke into the printing office of the
Soleil du Midi. Free fights took place at
many points in Marseilles and revolvers
were fired.
Waldeck-Rouss-jau Cabinet Suffers a
Severe Bebuke and Stirring
Times Are in Store for
Parisians.
Win Twenty Out of Thirty
Seats on the Second
Ballots. - ; ;
NATIONALISTS
VICTORIOUS IN
PARIS ELECTIONS
COUNTESS "GYP" WHO
TELLS A QUEER STORY
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAT 14, 1900.
it all.
2
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Don't Wait Too Long.
Don't neglect your heart! If it
throbs or palpitates, skips, beats or
causes pain in the left side, shoulder or
arm, it is weak and needs attention.
Don't wait until you fall down. at your
work! • Don't delay, until your doctor
says your time on. earth is short— that
you must not be left alone— that you may
die of heart failure at any moment. Dr.
Miles' New Heart Cure strengthens the
heart muscles and regulates their action;
it stimulates the digestive . organs and
makes the blood rich and red and pure.
•"At times my heart would almost stop
beating; at other times it would palpi-
tate and throb so "that I could hear it
beat against my breast. When I con-
sulted my physician he said I should not
venture away from home alone. I was
unable to perform any labor, but when
I commenced taking Dr. Miles' Heart
Cure I grew stronger at once. -I con-
tinued its use, together with Dr. Miles'
Nerve and Liver Pills, and now I can at-
tend' to my business and enjoy good
health.".
Abraham Jackson, Versailles.' Ohio.
:: j Dr.; Miles' -Heart Cure is sold at all
druggists on a positive guarantee. Write
for Tree advice and booklet to Dr.- Miles
Medical , Co.', El khart, Ind.
AT^T7-Trtt.TTfrpT»rm»rrS. f ¦ j
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
! 222-224 SU7TER STREET
FOR SGME-BUY HERE-good ]
¦¦ good:; — wdl pad<ed 1
—no extra cnarge for packing or i
draying. i
Country orders shipped fres 1
within roo miles. j
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Olive Oil, "Santa Ana" brand, bot 75c \
California's purest. Read affidavit <
on bottle. Regularly 82c. J
Cabinet RiasJing gallon 65c ]
Grown in Sonoma County. A aplea- *
did table «'jne of Rhine wine type, j
Regularly $1. j
Oriental Goftee 2 lbs 55c
< ( Fresh dally. A high-grade blend. '
J Regularly 33c per lb. j
] Mustard, French bottle 20c
<! Lou it Freres. -Regularly 35c. i
Window Screens, Oak Frames
1Sx33 regularly 30c., nrwv........25e . j
' £1x37 regularly 40c., nc«v...._...3Oc j
Bay Rum pt40c, qt 65c
Finest Imported. Reg. 50c and 75c ? '
Lime Juice, "Tahiti" pt bot 15c \
Quart bottle 3Oc 2
Pure. Makes an exhilarating drink. 5
Regularly 25c and 40c. 7
Curacoa, Ooigard's qt fug $1.45 I
Imported Holland. Red, yellow or >
-white. Regularly U 73. <!
Curtain Stretchers ii
The latest improvements, flat and J
.*""' square corners; will not sag; 7 feet <
% .'wide. 1* feet long: i
Statlonnry pin*, reg. %Z, now S<1.«.» <
Adjustable " reg. $3 SO. now «2.0O \
Prunes, Cal. French 4 lbs 25c
Regularly 3 lbs 25c.
Buckwheat Flour IQ-li) sack 60c
Eastern. Old-fashioned. Reg. 73c.
Water Pails, Galvanized Iron
10 qts. 12 <n». It qts.
Regularly 30o 40c 50c
Now 2Oe 30c 35o
Warm Weather Goods
Complete stock. Refrigerators. Ie»- ?
;;v-;_ Cream Freezers. Bricks, Molds, etc
New shipment of Huntley &
Palmer Opera Wafers and Dinner
% h^ || j||Ml ll
DON'T PAT THE FANCY PRICES
FOR
Furniture, Carpets, Etc. "
Of the big store* before you Inspect
our LITTLE AT THE TIME PAY-
MENT PRICES.
Estimates given on complete boom
furnishing.
FREE DEMVERT WITHIN 100 MTLE3
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Open Evenings. NEAR POWE1JU.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chain
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FTT.T/FiP AB-
6OLDTELT WITHOUT FAD*, by our Uts
scientific method applied to ta* grrms Ho
sleep-producing agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlor* la San
Francisco having PATENTED APPL1AXCB9
and Ingredients to extract. Oil and apply toll
crowns and porcelain crowna nndatactabla from
natural t<»eth. and warranted for ten Tears.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set ot
teeth $3, a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crown", tt. Gold fillings. JL Bllrer fill-
ings. 60c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 13 to 20 y«ar«' •xperlence. »nd
each department In charge of a. specialist. Glv*
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
as we advertise. We will tell yon tn »aj»n«»
exactly what yonr work will cost by » FKSa
EXAMINATION. '
E3 f% > l^i jS^SkflSBLr^^ft^fc^s—^
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCa
HOURS. 8 to I; SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
1A/. T. HESS.
NOTARY FUBIiIO AITD ATTOBHIY-AT-LATf,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Clans Sprtck&ls BWg.
, Telephone Brown J3L
Residence. tXL California *t.. twlow Powell.
Ban Ftmnclseo.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Malbl
on Application.
ATTORNEY.
F. H. MERZBACH. lawyer, 503 CaL. Ctaala by.
COAU COKB AMD Pld IROX
1 r WTl fe Tli WO Battery Street.
J. t- IT 1L3UH g UJ-, Telephone Main mt.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Snpt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
C W Ph >P Plumbing. Steamboat and
Uff- 3.711111, Ship Work a specialty. 18 and
IS Washington st. Telephone Main . r *U.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS
IA^. RflYF^fc fA Shipping Butchers. 104
JA> OUIua VU»« Clayl Tel Main 1294.
PUIMTIXJ.
F C BIIfiHFS PRINTER.
I- \r UUUHEjt q\ Sansome St.. S. T.
STATIONER AND PKISTEW.
Teleitraphia PADTDTOAP SCS Cattfornla
Codes. rAalalUUC street.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ffi^g
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. Is th« Best Coal In tlu
market. Office and Tard»— i» Mala stnat.In the line-casting event Lovett was
high man. with. 92 per cent; Mansfield
second, 87 3-12 per cent, and Stratton third
place, with 7S 3-12 per cent. The official
scores follow: ,*;¦:. -
In the long-distance event Lovett se
cured first- place, with a splendid cast of
122 feet: Golcher was second, with 115
feet: Brotherton third, with 110 feet; Mul
ler and Everett tied at 100 ftet.
In the accuracy event Young: took first
place, with 95 4-12 per cent. Lovett and'
Muller tyinK. with 94 4-12 per cent, and
Mansfield taking third place, with 93 8-12
per cent.
In the delicacy event Mansfield was
first, with S7 5-12 per cent: Young second,
with S4 7-12 per cent, and Golcher third,
with 84 4-12 per cent.
LOVEH CASTS A FLY
* A GREAT DISTANCE
Sends Delicate Lure One Hundred
and Twenty-Two Feet at
Stow Lake.
The Sai> Francisco Fly-Casting Club
held Its seventh weekly contest of the
Feason yesterday at Stow Lake. There
was a good attendance. The weather con
ditions were most favorable, with a west
erly breeze, and many good scores were
made.
j the list of delegates published In to-day's
I Call that many able and fearless Repub
l Means of California have been chosen to
f represent the party in the conventions
; which assemble to-morrow,
i At 1 o'clock this morning Jacob Step
; pacher. assistant secretary of the Re
: publican State Central Committee, was
t able to furnish The Call Sacramento cor
i respondent with the following official list
of delegates:
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
FORTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Alyward. John iSchweer, A. F.
Shlnn. Joseph Crosby. Henry
Granger. F. B. I McCoy. Joseph
FORTY-SEVEXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Dlmond. Hugh | Dunning. E. R
Dur.levy. W. S. Storer. Frank
Frank. Sam Fields. J. L.
Fabens. George C. Jonea, C. R,
Young, J. W. Hoerst, Ed
FORTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Powell. H. A. 'Fan-ell. E.
Schaefter. L. iRutley. Byron
FORTY-XIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
%?%}}• W - Klinkner. C. A.
VNIHlams Frank Boei,, E . A>
Meese, Walter Spear, C. H
Flynn. Morris Staats, R. C.
FIFTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
J^cn. A. P. I Pulcifer. H. W.
Randolph, ueorge I Parker. L. G.
£ ond0 " V S - - w - | Russ. John
Gler, Theodor |
FIFTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Elston, Arthur IMcAdam. A.
Wyckotf, S. K. Daly. E. H.
Fowler. Frank I Foster N. K.
W - Frank Bieger. Frank
Walsh. E. M. -Hogan. Hugh
ALPINE COUNTY.
Smith. Frank (
ASIADOR, COUNTY.
p»vle, John F. Thornton. S. K.
Newcum. Will A. Voorhels, E. C.
Stewart. Fred L. Whltmore. F. M.
CAL AVER AS COUNTY.
Getchell, C. W. Blood H. S
McClure. David Jr. Donner. Robert
Mitchler. F. A. Fontana. C. D.
COLUSA COUNTY.
Arens. T. O. < Kaerth. E. C.
Thayer. A. A. {
CONTRA COSTA COUNTY.
Harklncon, R. H. (Hedemark. C.
Brown, Samuel | Boquet. John
Hutchinsoa. E. X. Harrison. Ralsh
Wiley. George 1
DEL NORTE COUNTY.
Chilis. John L. I Strain. William
EL TX)RATX) COUNTY.
Swlsler. Charles A. | Howard. Clark
Baker. S. J. Armstrong, John F.
Birdstrup. F. T. !
FRESNO COUNTY.
Rowell. Chester Monrce. George H.
Grunig. Emil - Shephard E. E.
Shields, A. J. Glffln, W. M.
Drew, A. M. Simpson. Robert
Hoxie, G. L. Ayers. J. B.
Aihbrook. M. V.
GLENN COUNTY.
Hochheimer. A. ( Snowden, G. W.
Perkey, O. j
HUMBOLDT COUNTY.
Carson. William Uloze!. F. P.
Gillette. J. N. |.u:h<r. Frank
Bull. J. C. Jr. lAlford, "W. B.
Cook. W. E. I Thompson J. F.
;ohnston, TV. H. iMllnes. C. 8,
lordahl. Andrew Miner. Theodore,
lirizzard. A. j
HT7O COUNTY.
Deasmore, F. E. [Blrchlm, J. O.
ChaJfant. W. A. I
KERN COUNTY.
Brpwn. Andrew. IMtud« A. C.
Trepanier. tJeortre \ Wiley. J. W.
I>epa.ulier. James L. ;Smlth, S. C.
Hirschfeld, Dave iWlthrow. J. R.
KINGS COUNTY.
McJunkln. J. L. . IHoyt. J. X.
Park. A. G. UcKenna, R. E.
Jacobs, H. Scott 1
LAKE COUNTY.
Ingram, C. L. (Moore. W. C.
Ogden. Amos !
LOS ANGELES COUNTY.
SEVENTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Hahn. B. W. tVawter. W. s.
Lacey. W. S. jHolt. D. G.
'"lark. James 'Painter. M. D.
Klamroth. H. H. j Myers. W. I.
Jiarrlngton. M. J. IS^Iit. A. I..
Lambert L. M. iBynom. F. S.
SEVEXTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Chapman. F. M. iBnuldln. T. C
Walker. W. A. I El wood. F. M.
Summer C. B. j Henderson. E.
c-offln. W. V. IXewell. Harvey
SEVEXTY-SECOXD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Phillips, L. A. IStovell, Thomas
Adams. Georce P. (Young. Andrew
, Lewis. James C. 'Weldon, W. A.
Burdett. James 'Burdlck. E. L.
SEVEXTT-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Munsey. E. Meredith, James
JleGarvln, D. C. fargent. V.*. R.
Arnold, Georce L. Okers. E. E.
Neuner, M. C. '
SEVEXTV-POUnTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Lee. Bradner W. Cross, A. P.
Cook. William H. Dering. Thomas R.
Lindley. Walter Kcherer. W. J.
Rowan, Robert A- iKubach. C. J.
£lauson. J. 8. IPlllsbury. Ceoree E
McKinley, J. W. I Parker. Frank M
Btanton. Phil A. I
SEVEXTY-FIFTH AESEMBLY DISTRICT.
Wright. Edward T. Esterbrook. Esque
Lawrence. George W. Hunter. Cal F.
Smith. Fred M. Donnatln. C. A.
Klngsley. John A. Lawler, Oscar
MADERA COUNTY.
Rlnr. W. C. I Knowles. D. L. .
Roberts. J. G. I ,
MABIN COUNTY.
Martlnelll. E. B. Butler. Joseph
Canavan. M. Martin. A. J.
Ring. Geo. K.
MARIPOSA COUNTY.
Gallison. W. E. | Weilman. Robt. S.
MENDOCTNO COUNTY.
Curley. C. M. Roberts. J. M.
I Coombs, W. B. De Camp. E. F\
Brown. Eugene Pennlngton, Air.
Bernard. Lea Carothers, T. L,
MODOC COUNTY.
Laird, J. T. 1 Aable. C. C.
MONO COUNTY.
Brown, J. A. | Boyd, X. W.
MONTEREY COUNTY.
Dorn, I>T. A. Trimmer, O. 8.
Lacey, C. F. Hudson. W. G.
Card. E. W. Saries, William
Field. T. J. Melander. C. R.
NAPA COUNTY.
Kir.g. Percy S. / j Hunter. John
Corlett. Robert j Fisher. W. F.
Gunn. H. L. {Stevens, J. H.
SUilwell. A. A. I
NEVADA COUNTY.
Xllon. T. T. Tyrell. Jno. R.
Lord. A. R- McBrtde. J. 8.
Wadsworth. F. E. Schwartz. Chaa.
Kldder. Jno. F. Grepell. E.
Matteson, D. E. Rutherford, F. M.
ORANGE COUNTY.
Ballard. J. W. j West. Z. B.
Crowther. William A. . Foster. N. B.
Forster. II. A. i Armor. S.
Shaw. L. L. Snow, H. IC
PLACER COUNTY.
Gladding. A. J. Tuttle, F. P.
Trippett. H. C Parker, Ivan H. .
Hubbard," E. I* Towle, Georg« W.
Fulweiler. J. M. ; IWaterhouse. Seymour
PLUMAS COUNTY. '
Hall. F. G. I Young, D. A.
Matthews, W. B. 1
RIVERSIDE COUNTY.
Daniels. M. J. • Mouiton. E. 8.
Freeman. G. K, j Walte. L. C.
White. A. S. • I Payton. W. B.
Webster. C. B. Munn. A. G.
SACRAMENTO COUNTY.
Hart. E. C— At Large.
TWENTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Elms. W. M. Johnson. Grove t«. .
L'ren. Stephen Wilson, J. W.
Atkinson, E. C. Curtis, M. J.
Hook. G. E.
TWEXTY-FIP-ST AESEMBLY DISTRICT.
Daroux. F. A. Green. J. a.
Henderson. J. M. Ryan. F. D.
Jones. C. T. Anderson. J. M.
twe/tt-second assembly district.
McMullen O. C .1 Ererson. Julius
CurUs. WUll*m ICampbelL J. J.
Burnham. J. H, J Hom«ter.-I>wlf ht
KunaUng. mok -¦¦ * ¦¦--—- .-:v:; - - [•
Enough were collected to carry forty-Pve
arriving safely at Billmbing at about 2
p. m. This town is built over the water
on piles atid is commanded by a native
stone fort on the bluff above it.
"Immediately upon landing the town was
surrounded, and upon the appearance «;f
the chiefs they wero told to order all the
inhabitants ashore unarmed and assemble
them below the fort. This is a densely
popalated village, and more than two
hundred men were finally assembled, one
man being shot while attempting to es
cape.
Vengeance of the Soldiers.
"On being questioned, the chiefs and men
assembled expressed absolute Ignorance
of the affair and the men concernetPin it,
and I sent them back to their houses with
the information that if In the morninc at
8 o'clock they could give me no informa
tion the town would be burned. Durin"
the afternoon I had arrested eleven men
on suspicion and they were confined in
the fort, where we passed the night, with
proper guards over the boats and the
town.
"During the night I examined the pris
oners and finally two of them confessed
knowledge of the matter and gave me a
list of eight names and, of course, I knew
that the traitors were the other two. I
verified many of the subsidiary details
from the other prisoners. In the town
there was a big talk all night with my
friendly Moros to help matters along, and
next morning word was sent that they
had three of the murderers to turn orer.
This was done, and the talking was fast
and furious. All the accused told about
each other; told where the other five men
were working, and told where the guns
were buried. The chiefs and Moros
stronsrly advised against sending soldiers
Into the woods for the ftve. as the mur
derers would surely see them first and
escape in the deep forest. So a party of
villagers and my Bonogoa Moros went out
and got them about six miles away. They
all told the story of the murder and the
share each man took in it to the minut
est detail.', their reasons for it, etc.
"One of the murderers was then sent
with a party to get some weapons, and the
other nine were -«ent with a, guard to get
wood and water for cooking purposes. In
a short time I heard some firing. I sent
a detail to Investigate tbJg. and they re
turned with the news that soon after
leaving the fort the prisoners had mada
an Ill-advised attempt to escape, but for
tunately alt had been killed. I sent th«
hospital steward, who had accompanied
the expedition, to treat the wounded it
any, but they were all dead when h»
reached the spot. Soon afterward the
other party of soldiers and Moroa re
turned with the news that the murderer
in their charge had also been killed wall*
attempting to escape."
Captain Cloman concludes his report
'with a high tribute to the men who com
posed the hunting party and praise for
the natives who assisted him in appre
hending the murderers.
In the meantime Private Gibbons had
reached his Bun an<i tired a shot, but,
being virtually blind and staggering, it
was without effect, and then began a ter
rible struggle for his gun. Private Gib
bons could do little more than struggle
bare handed for. his possession, while tnc
three natives literally chopped him .until
he was helpless, when one of them grut
possession of the gun and shot him below
* The G natives then ran for their boats and
nushed off, taking with them three rifles,
one revolver and four belts, with the *art
ridges.
When Corporal Mygatt returned from
the beach he met Private Greathouse In
the woods 'carrying a gun with one har.d
and holding hiR head on straight 'with the
other Shortly afterward Private Carter
appeared; and then began a terrible night
of labor. ¦ ,The whereabouts of the na
tives or their Intentions were unknown
and the night was very dark. Soon after
going in ca nip the plug had been pulled
from the bottom of the boat, and , she
was allowed to fill - with water for the
purpose ot cleaning her, and she had to
be balled out. The dead sergeant and
Private Gibbons had to be carried through
the woods to the boat ..and they wero
more than thirty miles frem friends or
help with one man ¦ to sail . the boat and
take care of .the three wounded. '
They reached this port at 8 o'clock the
next morning. ' „ , _
"The two dead men, "continues Captain
Cloman's report.i '.'were buried that after
noon, and during the day I collected what
native boats I could preparatory, to an
expedition V in - search r of the -. murderers,
soldiers and « the Moro ; boatmen, and the
expedition left the - next ¦ morning ' (Wed
nesday,-January > 21). at ; 8 o'clock, accom
panied by Datto < Fanton and -Datto Sak
ilan, of this place/ with eleven follo-vaca..
Gibbons' Awful Death.
By Sunday morning the party had ar
rived at the town of Bilimblng, on an isl
and of the same name, some three miles
from Tawl-Tawl, and were hospitably en
tertained. None of their • chiefs being
present, however, toward night the men
camped on a small uninhabited island
eight miles from Bilimblng. -Before dark
"they noticed two large proas, or native
boats, about a mile off shore. Next morn
ing tea natives landed and came to the
camp.
Later, followed by the two praus. the
BOldiers proceeded on 'to Tawl-Tawl, land
ed and pitched camp near the beach. The
natives soon joined and assisted them in
their work. About 6 p. m. Corporal My
eatt undressed and. leaving the other four
men playing whist In the middle of the
tent with the natives clustered around
looking on, went down to the beach to
bathe The natives had no weapons vis
ible but as It turned out. each one had a
hatchet or a small bolo. used for cutting
after reaching the beach Mygatt
heard screaming and then two shots, and
at once started back for the camp.
In the tent the game had continued for
about five minutes after the corporal s
departure, when the native standing be
hind Sergeant de Wolfe suddenly pulled
a parang from behind him and struck
the sergeant on the neck, nearly severing
the head from the body and killing him
at once. At almost the same time Pri
vate Gibbons was struck on the side of
the neck and head, making a hole through
the skull five inches long, through which
the brain oozed, and Private Greathouse
was struck on the neck, the parang sev
ering the external carotid artery and ex
posing the internal artery and spine. The
parang (which I now have) is badly nick
ed and dulled, or the head would have
been completely severed. The edge of the
parang meant for Private Carter's neck
was turned by the tent canvas, and only
staggered him. but at almost the same
time another Moro struck him a terrible
blow on the head with the oar he had
made. Ho staggered toward his gun,
but another native sunk a hatchet deep
into his back, injuring his spine. He then
ran to the cook fire, about twenty yards
distant for the ax. but by^the time he
h^d reached it and turned the Moros had
all disappeared but the three who were
chopping Private Gibbons, and these ran
before he could reach them.
Treachery of the Natives.
Several parties of soldiers had previous
ly visited and hunted over the lower part
of the island and In every case had ex
perienced very friendly treatment at the
hands of the natives, many of whom had
visited the post at Bongao in return.
Captain Cloman's report gives a very
full account of the affair, except the de
tails of the killing, which are supplied
from Mygatt's letters. The report, from
which some extracts are given below, is
dated Bongao, Philippine Islands, Febru
ary. 2, 1900. and says that on January 25 a
party consisting of Sergeant Kgbert V. de
Wolfe, Corporal Leonard J. Mygatt, Pri
vates Webster F. Gibbons, William T.
Carter and John A. Greathouse, all of
Company HV Twenty-third Infantry, left
the post on a seven days* leave in a small
sailboat for the purpose ,of visiting the
lake on Tawl-Tawl and hunting.
Instantly his Krag-Jorgensen, filled with
bullets, began belching them Into the
crowd of unarmed natives. He had filled
the magazine of his rilh with cartridges
filed at the end so they would split and
spread upon striking the body. At the
first crack of this soldier's gun the rlfle3
of twenty-nine other men In the detail
began to speak, and, acording to Mygatt's
narrative, not one of the Filipinos was
left alive.
"You deserve It," was the answer.
The letter described how thirty Ameri
can soldiers with loaded rifles formed the
detail that carried the prisoners out to
"work." The prisoners were taken to a
place where wood was already cut. There
they were_ huddled together. One of the
soldiers sprang forward and shouted:
"I claim the first shot."
According to Mygatt, the captain's order,
was: "Take them out to work. We need
wood for our fire. Do not let them es
cape."
CAPT. SIDNEY A. CLOMAN.
PALL. HEADQUARTERS. WELL
INGTON HOTEL, WASHING
LTON, May $.— Some weeks ago
Corporal Mygatt of Company H.
Twenty-tliird Infantry. U, S. A.,
writing fromBongao. Philippine Islands,
to his sister In Brooklyn, gave a graphic
account of the killing of ten native pris
oners by the men of his company by the
order of their captain, Sidney. A. Cloman.
Special Correspondence cf The Call.
SAN BENITO COTJNTT.
Flint. Thomas. Jr. I Hiftby, William
Fredson. A. H. I BriEgS. X. C Jr.
SAN BERNARDINO COUNTY.
Hooper. TV. S. • fMkiir, XVa5hln-ton
Kel!ey, S. F. . iMeGii!iv«\-y, Russ
Pervis. T. Daley EdW.
Holcomb, W. W. ; Nelson '\ P
Hamilton. C. B. |
SAN DIEGO COUNTY.
Stewart. C. R. IXason. A. O.
Babcook. E. a Rice J. A.
Guy, W. R. (Dodridge. W. H.
Xutt, A. E. IHakea. C. C
Collier. D. C. Jr. I Smith. Sam F.
Burgess. J. G. iDunn. A. S.
Forward. John Jr lArndt. H. n.
SAN FRANCISCO COUNTY.
Fourth Congressional District— At Large.
Epear, Jon. S. Jr. I Eddy. T. V.
Smith, Ed. J. Lunstedt. Theo.
Alpers, GeO- 'Lustlg, Dr. D. D.
Koeeel. Frank Marlnl. Frank
Sullivan. D. D. Sonntagr. Charle*
Sullivan. Jeremiah
TWENTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Levl. Jacob Jr. I Daley. James H.
Xolan. W. H. .'Loy, Harry
TWEXTY-XIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Williams. R. H. IBroyer. Al.
Dhue. James I Blake. John T. %
THIRTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Roach, J. I Babbitt X T
Gilleran. James I Johnson. P e'.
THIRTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
McDonnell. M. J. . j Mullaly J
Offerman. William i Hart. William
THIRTY-SECOXD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Rode. C. R I O 1 Shea, J.
x% immer. George i
THIRTT-TH1RD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Kelly. James T. Mahoney, P. J.
ku". I* C. I Williams, J. F.
THIRTY-XIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT. |
I Farnsworth. D. L. Simon. Alexander
Pratt. \\ llliam H. Levy, Barney
Kibbler. William T. y
FORTY-SECOXD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
; Gallapher. William J.j Chretien J M
McLain. Charles A. I Boyd. George A.
FORTY-THIRD ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Brady. Martin I Lyons. William
: Strauss. Gaston I Somps, Emil
FORTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
TonninRson, G. Johnson, Peter
Fitzgerald. William Kalben. E. C
Godeau. Julian
FORTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Evany, C. R. IMcCulIough D.
Robertson. S. J. j "
San Francisco— Fifth Congressional District.
THIRTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Robinson. Edw. B. I Wleman, August
Moran, John J. I Jackson, John
Xlchol?, Dorson I Rutz, George A.
Mayer. Charles j
THIRTY- FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
Pedlar. F. A. De Pew C. M
; MacDonald. L. D. Treadwell, E. F.
Eolander, L. P. 'fianborn, F. G.
THIRTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Berri. E. D. jKase. S. M.
Rigrgins, H. J. |Leonard. J. M.
Groezlnger. G. C. McAvoy M.
Llttlefleld. M. W. j
TH1RTY-SEVEXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Watt. James Alva iXewburg. Henry
Jlowe. Edward lHaynes, Frank P.
Abbott. William M. 1 Eggers. Fred
Palmer, W. E. I Levy, Morris
THIRTY-EIGHTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Flfleld. W, J. IDalzell. Ira B.
Bergerot. P. A. I Morris. C. C.
McElroy. A. iNichoIson. W. A. S.
Marks. William IClark, J. F.
FORTIETH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Bauer, Emll [McKnlght J H
Wilkinson. William Kelly. Edward
Fitzgerald, D. L. I kecheitn. I. J i
Masinnis, E. J fMmpson, J. A.
FORTY-FIRST ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Ftone, George Reynolds, w H
Dibble. Henry C. Grler. Robert A "
Webster. Frank W. Esberg. Alfred i.
?*22g&i.* Snook - James A •
SAN JOAQTJIN COUNTY.
TWEXTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT
Martin. Irving IClark. W. R
Barber H. E. Lansridee. George W.
I Ford. James Levlnsky. A. L.
Tatterson. G. TV. laarke, F. R.
TWEXTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Ferdun. C. M. I Hart. Ed
Louttlt. J. A. I Hall. George B".
Aker. Jerry I LubrEen, Cieorge
Thornton, Arthur |
SAN LUIS OBISPO COUNTY.
Xelson. Albert I Mills. Easton
John. Warren M. | Dawson, B. F.
Shackleford. R. M. j Arsey, J. E
Glass, J. II. I
SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Ross. George C. Fltzpatrlck. Edw F
Martin. W. J. Nelson. H.
Lawrence. W. B. Dearborn. H.
SANTA BARBARA COUNTY.
Burke. E. M. ! Smith. W. H.
Imrfee. E. C. 'Taggart, J W
Merritt. C. W. Talbott. V>\ L.
Parks. W. S. | Tunnell. George H
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
FIFTY-FOURTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
r.ozfTf. W. J. (Grant. F. F. Jr
tJreeninger. A. i Covey, F. W
Halford. J. Crawford. E J
Bond. L. Shortrldffe, C. M
Bridges. Herbert
FIFTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Hale. O. A. Wright. C. D.
Hobs. E. Wltten, Charles
Southworth. M. A. Brown. A. A.
Lowe, James R. O'Keefe. J F.
McGraw, D. F.
FIFTY-SIXTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT.
Sargent, James Steritt. A. C.
LMinlop. George Moody. E.
Stantield, James Brown, H.
Arnerlch. M. E. Cottle. Fred
SANTA CRUZ COUNTY.
Alken. W. H. (Porter, W, R.
RadclllT. Geor«te G. iMaher. David F
Lay, A. G. Kron, H. F. /-
Hoffman, W. C. IHollenbeck. H. O
SHASTA COUNTY.
Watson. Eugene S. I Brown. J. W ***
Shattuck, W. W. I Wickes. H. O
Harvey, R. G. I Abbott. Henry
SIERRA COUNTY.
Smith. Stanley A. (Xlchols. A. S.
Redding. W. I. ISammtns. Benjamin J
SISKJ.YOU COUNTY. \
Edson, E. B. Taylor, R. S."
Ager. J. A. Swlnell, G. W
Beard, J. S. Coggins, Clifford
Julien. J. A- *£j MbMa - .
SOL ANO COUNTY.
Schulze. O. C. Crooks, W. L.
Laehslnser. J. J. Robblns, R. n
Willis. F\ W. Wooderson. G 'p
Savage. G. H. Schtrmer, Charlea*
Heegler, T. H.
SONOMA COUNTY.
Walsh. M. Woodward, n. F
Winans, L. J. Haven, C. E.
Derman. J. R. De Bolt. P. F.
Hall. E- G. Leslie. John
Miller. E. E. Wilson. T. B.
Price. W. F. Poppe, R. a.
Ijt Barron. H. M. Simpson, W. B
Bartholomew. J S.
STANISLAUS COUNTY.
Thomas. R. K. Walthall J. M
Keley. H. C. Kilburn. Guy '
Elliott. C. T.
SUTTER COUNTY.
Algeo. R. S. ILuther,' H.
Raub. C. .G. ISchlllig. Lawrence
TEHAMA COUNTY.
KlmbajrO. O. j Gardner. E. D
Gregg. J. N. Dodson. D. D
Cone. Douglas S.
TULARE COUNTY.
Cairns. J. J. IPlllsbury. J. D
Edwards. J. H. IRosenthal. F.
Huff aker, J. V. jShuey, J. E.
Plllsbury. A. J. . /Wilson, A. G.
TUOLTJMNE COUNTY.
Hender. Thomas A. . Sayre. D. L.
Carter. George B. Burden, Charles H
Long. Robert -
VENTURA COUNTY.
Bell. A. J. / A Driffel. J. H.
Orr. Orestes McKevitt, C. H.
Perkins. D. T. Reese. D. J.
YOLO COUNTY.
Gaddls, E. E. Street. W. E.
Russell, "WV O. Allen, W. 8.
Curtis. V,'. C. Archer, E. H.
Fromelt. Hugo . .
YUBA COUNTY.
Cutter. , W. ; M.' .1 OottwaJs. . Conrad '
Forbes, B.' A, yJj, llrwln, A. C, . ,. ,
Many Fearless and Able Champions of
the People 'Are Chosen to: Repre
sent the Rarty at Sacramento,
THE Republican State Convention
called for the purpose of electing
four delegates at large to represent
California in the national convention
at Philadelphia vrill meet In Sacramento
at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon. Dis
trict conventions will also meet for the
purpose of choosing delegates to repre
sent the several Congressional districts in
tlfce national council- The California dele
caxion, will consist of eighteen members—
tour at large and two from each Congres-
Elcmai district.
According to the provision* of the call
Issued by the Republican State Central
Ccouduee tee titate convention must
elect a new committee to manage the af-
Xairs cf the party. The duty of appoint
ing an executive committee to assist the
central organization in the management
of the Presidential campaign may be del
egated to the chairman of the convention,
bence It 1b essential that a man of the
highest character should be chosen chair
man.
Tfc« Call has no candidate for chairman
ci the convention. It wants the man
selected whose leadership will win victory.
It desires a chairman who will not accept
a programme or take orders from any in
dividual or corporation. This Journal has
opinions to express and does not hesitate
to give expression to them. It is the
opinion of The Call that the Republicans
will make a mistake it they adopt a na
tional platform in State Convention. The
duty of proclaiming the position of the
party on national questions should be
left to the convention at Philadelphia.
Four years ago the Republican State
Convention which assembled at Sacra
rr.e.-.to adopted a national platform, and
the result was party embarrassment in
California throughout the subsequent
campaign. The error committed then
should not be repeated now. The Call de
tlree Republican success and will stand
t>y th« principles which the representa
rix-es of the party in national convention
proclaim.
The Republicans of California have not
authorized any clique, corporation or ln
oividual to present a programme to the
6=tate convention. A programme Is not
required. Delegates can exchange views
ts to proper plans of organization when
the time comes for the convention to or-
Faniie. It is an easy matter for the
sjirolt politician to secure the announce
ment in the Democratic press and rail
road organs that everything has been pre
crrar.jred. The bluff may mislead some of
the dfelefrates and cause them to Join In
•with the supposed majority arrangement.
The politician who groes to Sacramento
•trtiisperlns "This Is the programme, and
you had barter etand In, ehould b« in-
Ftantly called down. TheRepublicana who
favor harmor.y and party triumph— the
men who are Republicans in season and
out of f<ason, m^n who are Republicans
from principle and not for office — have no
programme to present.
It will be observed from a reading of
Captain Cloman's Official Report Con
firms the Story of a Massacre of Fili
.'. pino Assassins by His Men.
ENRAGED SOLDIERS GAVE
PRISONERS NO QUARTER
REPUBLICAN DELEGATES
TO STATE CONVENTION
INDIANAPOLIS, May 13.— Hugo Miller
to-day announced that by a referendum
vote of 1313 to 931 Social Democrats have
defeated the proposed amalgamation with
the so-called "kangaroo" branch of the
Social Labor party, and that this result
,will force Job Harriman off the Socialist
Democratic ticket Jfor Vice President. In
January, in Rochester. X. Y., Harriman
¦was nominated for President. He now
lives In California. His running mate was
Max Hays of Cleveland, Ohio. At the
convention of the Social Democrats held
In Indianapolis two months ago Eugene
V. Debs was nominated for President and
Harriman made his running mate. The
nomination had to be approved by a ref
erendum vote, and this vote carried with
It not only the acceptance of Harriman
as a candidate, but an amalgamation of
the Social Democrats and the "kanga
roos."
Off Their Ticket.
Social Democrats Force Job Harriman
MAY NOT BUN.
The opinion is quite common that the latter
plan prevailed after all. and that It is under
stood that Towne's nomination was simply a
compromise. It was stated by many of the
delegates, though never in open convention,
that Towne will get out of the way If the other
two conventions do not indorse him. It was
freely and openly stated, however, by Bryan
leaders, both before and after Towne's nom
ination, that the Democrats at Kansas City
will never Indorse him. And some of the
Bryan lieutenants based their opposition to
his nomination ution the assertion that b« is
too rood a man to be sacrificed to the Vice
Presidency.
Third— Nominate some man who will with
draw from the Populist ticket If the Kansas
City Convention declines to indorse him.
First— Refer the nomination of Vice Presi
dent to a committee for conference with simi
lar committees from the Democratic and Sil
ver Republican conventions, with power to ap-
I-olnl.
Second— Select several names for submission
to the Democrats and Sliver Republicans and
add "or some other person equally committed
to reform principles."
The men who were recognized as the Bryan
lieutenants In the Sioux Kails gathering were
outspoken in declaring their convictions that
Towne's nomination will not be Indorsed at
Kansas City. That was before the nomination
was made and while they were laboring to pre
vent It In compliance with the plans mapped
out by Mr. Bryan. The delegates who were In
formed of the wishes of Mr. Bryan, In order
that they might carry the greatest possible
weight, had taken the precaution to secure
them in Bryan's own handwriting. The writ
ten slips laid down Mr. Bryan's Ideas of what
tt would be best for the convention to do In
the form of three distinct plans preferred In
this order: /
OMAHA, May 13.— Returned delegates to
the Sioux Falls convention do not hesi
tate to discuss the inside workings of the
Populist steering committee. Some of
them are talking too much, perhaps. As is
well known, the Nebraska delegation split
on the question of nominating: a candidate
for second place, and hence one faction is
sore at the action of the other. The
Omaha Bee will say editorially:
Special LMspatch to The Call,
Bryan Outlined in Writing the Course
to Be Pursued by Delegates
to the Sioux Falls
Minnesotan Likely to With
draw From Populist
Ticket.
NOMINATION
OF TOWNE WAS
NOT "MEANT"
JTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 14, 1900.
Passes Cincinnati in the Struggle for
PITTSBURG ADVANCES.
the Championship.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. L.. Pet. Clubs— W. L. p c t
Philadelphia 13 5 .721 Chicago 10 10 SOO
Brooklyn ... .11 8 .579 Ft. Louis.... 8 9 470
Pittsburg ...10 9 -521 New York... 6 11 353
Cincinnati .. 9 9 .MOJBoston 5 11 .313
CHICAGO. May 13.— New Tork hit GrlfHth
very hard to-day* and with the assistance of
three costly mlsplays was sis runs ahead at
the end of the seventh Inning. Hawley held
the locals down to four singles In six Innlnjrs
then hl» Held went to pieces, four errors, three
'singles, a double and a triple bringing Chicago
up to within one run or New Tork. Carrlck re
placed Hawley. but was found freely, a won
derful catch by Van Haliren was the star play
of the game. • Attendance,' 9100. Score: .
Clubs— ' R. H. ' E.
Chicago ....10 13 s
New York 9 « 7
Batteries— Griffith and Chance: Hawley, Car
rlck and Bowermaji. Umpire— O'Day.. ,."
CINCINNATI. May 13.-A11 of Pittsburgh
errors were costly to-day and gave Clnrlnnatl
the advantage until the ninth Innlns. when
Barrett and Crawford made a mess of two easy
flies, which they failed to reach." and Cincinnati
lost the game. Hahn pitched perfect ball, for
five Innings, but was driven out of. the box In
the seventh aJid Newton nubstituted. Leever
was effective throughout. Score:
¦ Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati « 9 3
Plttsburs •••• •;••'••••••••• 7 1* 4
Batteries— Hahn, Newton and Pelta; Leever
and Zlmmer. Umpire— Swartwood.
ST. LOUIS, May 13.— Jones was invincible to
day. The hard-hitting : Brooklyns could not
touch him. Howelt was hit hard ail through
the game. Attendance. 11.000. Score:
Clubs—. ' R. H. E.
St. Louis.....-"- 8 15-0
Brooklyn- ............................ 0 8, 4
" Batterle*-Jon'es and Crelger; Howell and Mc-
Guire. Umpire— Hurst. '
. American /Association Games.
DETROIT. May IS.— Detroit, 4; Chicago. 5.
BUFFALO, May 13— The Buffalo-Milwaukee
game was postponed on account of mud.
¦The (foreign commerce of the " port of
Boston lost year: aggregated $190,435,000,
surpassing : all previous records.
• •
3
V< >< Event No. 3. Q<
j3 1 1 Delicacy. ||
Jg OO > C S5 !• O"
r ****• -£*? ji is i* &
r 3 35 3? :? 3s
: 3 r ~ • r*
* • • : i •
Touns 94 95.4 93.4 73.10 S4.7 M 4
Huyck 91 S6 »4 67.6 SO. 9 ..*'
Brotherton .. 110 ?6 S4.8 73.4 73 68
Halght ... 72 91.S So 6S.4 76.8 . . .
I»vett ........ 122 M.4 87.4 78.4 82.10 9*
Golcher 115 92.8 92 76.8 84.4 ..
Muller 100 94.4 86.4 7S.4 82.4 60
Mansfield- 93. S 9* 80.10 87.5 87.3
Everett ...... 100.6 92.S 92 74.2 g3.1
Brooks S9-6 85 79 61.8 76.4 74
Stratton % 73 S3.8 S6 67.6 76.9 78 3
V< >< Event No. 3. Q<
j3 1 1 Delicacy. ||
Jg OO > C S5 !• O"
r ****• -£*? ji is i* &
r 3 35 3? :? 3s
: 3 r ~ • r*
* • • : i •
Touns 94 95.4 93.4 73.10 S4.7 M 4
Huyck 91 S6 »4 67.6 SO. 9 ..*'
Brotherton .. 110 ?6 S4.8 73.4 73 68
Halght ... 72 91.S So 6S.4 76.8 . . .
I»vett ........ 122 M.4 87.4 78.4 82.10 9*
Golcher 115 92.8 92 76.8 84.4 ..
Muller 100 94.4 86.4 7S.4 82.4 60
Mansfield- 93. S 9* 80.10 87.5 87.3
Everett ...... 100.6 92.S 92 74.2 g3.1
Brooks S9-6 85 79 61.8 76.4 74
Stratton % 73 S3.8 S6 67.6 76.9 78 3
¦wBS| z^-^^-— -_-^- AVUH^ar » igBr r j £-- —^z^=^=-^ — im ±m s-=^y~ rr^^^^-^fT8l
Kh] jt^ m-r B^V S. ¦JS^r H^p "^rn^nr r * ==3 ""' J j<aa^a^^I^'*^ r^y^ t lff^JzI? cls: ssSSm
CxjS7,f — ' m ~~ "¦ *^MXm ~ • ~~~~ * ¦ j*= KZ||
KZF3 -~— laF JmWrlf HSrMyM^y g ¦ i j mXSB
m 4r=g) ErORh you buy your clothes j@
M _j)Sjt or summer take particular §|j
I pSST notice of this— it will pay m
p| you : We make to your g||
W measure sack suits and cutaway ||
II frocks from fine black clay worsted, p]
M blue or black cheviot and indigo or §|
|i new light blue serge. pj
M Such fabrics made to order at fe|
M are values that cannot be described WL
B— no amount of wording can im-M
m press you with their good qualities m
m — you must actually see the mate-||
Pi T^Kl']/7 E can " ive you ' however » an idea K8
ill \$^*/ °^ s va^ ues u 'hen we te^ you rM
fM they are worth $20 — that's the |||
fH ..Itiiiliiiiil. actual market value of them— suits Sj
1^ iike them sell for $20 everywhere. p|j
W The making is so thoroughly good that |||
H| we guarantee every suit : Y^i
Wa \ Money returned if you want it; or fe|
Clothes kept in repair free for one. year. JJsgj
We could not give a stronger guarantee. Sp
M You can have absolute faith in such clothes, fftji
M We will be able to give these extreme values JSJ
H] as long as the present lot of cloth lasts. \m
p| We would be pleased to give you samples. jp|
5|Sj Out-of-town orders filled for made-to-order clothes— writs t- 's!
SIS for samples: fit assured by our self-measuring blank. J-f-VJ
I Sfl-Wpop'sffrl
718 Market Street and jiji
S^^alBBflS!BV9)BatiM9B5lttM9BafSMMBttaUMfBBBVI^FttMHMBBatfNntaaBBMaMBBta>'
Smiths'
Specials 4BS \
Oysters 3 tins for 25C I
Full height— Baltimore I
—raw packed — exceptional I
flavor — regular ioc I
Com 3 tins for 25c I
Sweet and delicious— [2
creamy — tender — rtg. ice f
Asparagus . 20c j
R.H. brand— the leading tin I
and best soJd — regular 25c \
Soap 8 bars for 25c jj
Santa Claas— big 5c. cake f
don't miss this opportunity [
Cornmeal icibsacklSc 1
Fine white — high grade g
guaranteed to satisfy— F
regular 25c £
Grano 20c j
k lbs— cooks "instantcr" pkg [
[1 like Germea— Ralston I
ft quality — none better — * i
l| regular 25c >f
I Olives 20c 1
li California prize olives q«« I
« either green or black — in y
[| bulk — ripe — flavor equal to K
\l imported— regular 25c
I Nome
f\ Large or tnuB ptrtics outfitted —
M prom pthc— properly — profitably to them
M bec»uv no coinmtssons paid — lr^iu- [
|| mate prices oa]y — p*v you to lock. We j
|j trtthrjapert ptcken— «tve you freight 1
li tpace tad weight.
f-j Prices hold while foods last. We
n challenge comparison of price*.
B German Ejgs, lib pkg 50c
I German Onions, I lb tins ;cc
3 Evaporated \1negar, e^ual to 5 gals 75c
I Sweet Potatoes, evaporated, lb roc
1 Bayo Beass, evaporated, lb 20c
I Onioaa, evaporated, best, I 5c to 25c
J Artcy Radons, 3 d»y» food tin* 50c
I Camp oveni for prwpecton, $1, $1.50
j Fnwt Bite Cure 15c box ioc
H Mosquito Bite Pirvenratve 15c box ioc
H Campers, Sportsmen
ti A»k anyone who ha» bejght here
\l once zr.d they wiU tell you they bay \
fj here again. You know we are the ;
H lea&ig houte for country order?.
26-27 MARKtT «5T.
A Positive
Cure for
Rheumatism.
' Kidney and Bladder Ailments,
Stsntach Troubles. |
Female Complaints,
Catarrh, and
All Blood Disease*.
"At Drussiats. 1
f 1 bottle. Serxi for pamphlet to
ELBCTROZONE MTO.CO.. v
Saa Franclnco.
a T> v k h.t i k v. .CIVILIZATION TO JOHN BUI<Lr-"IF TOU HAVE SO MUCH MONET TO SPEND FOR MT SAKE. GIVE SOME *
OF IT HERE." -Dea Moines New*.
*
ENGLAND'S WAR AND
THE FAMINE IN INDIA
The Presidential campaign opens very coolly, but
there is plenty' of time for it to get red hot before it
Tcrnntius Donnelly has been nominated for Vice
President by one wing of the Populists. Ignatius
will need all the craft displayed in his Shakespearean
freak to locate himself after the votes arc counted in
Jiovember.
The modern iconoclast has reverence not even for
the name of Thomas Jefferson. The chairman of the
fusion Populist convention says that Jeffersonian
Democracy is Populism. The gentleman ought to
be urged to smoke another brand.
From the reports of the cordiality of the popular
reception given to Dc-acv along the route of his tour
through the Mississippi Valley, the average American
citi7en thinks just as much of him and his wife as if
neither of them had ever had an aspiration for the
Presidency.
Neither the athletes themselves nor their friends,
however, will make of the accidents an excuse for
I failure. In fact our champions need seek for no ex
cuses. They have done well against* some of the
strongest teams the great universities of the Eait
I could bring against them. It is to be borne in mind
I that the spring season in the East is trying eventipon
j those who are native to it. The Californians ¦ were
j not acclimated and, of course, felt the effects of the
'; weather. "Furthermore we have not as yet had ; in
'California the thorough training which the Eastern
' students undergo, nor has there been here the same
I degree of stimulus to athletic exercises which -East-
OUR athletes of the University of California
have had bad luck in the contests with the
teams of Eastern universities and something 1
! of their failure to win the triumphsWr hopes expected
is attributable to accident. We have therefore reason
for a continuance of hope for success in future con
tests, for in the next matches the. handicap of bad
1 luck may be on the other side.
OUR UNIVERSITY ATHLETES.
, The agitation for the expansion of the
German navy has brought to public at
tention the fact that the clamor for more
ships Is largely due to the individual bene
fits Which certain steel manufacturers
would derive from the couple of hundred
million dollars' expenditures. German
newspapers opposed to -the naval scheme
charge that Krupp at Essen and Freiherr
von Sturm at Dlllingen, who have practi
cally a monopoly of armor and gun manu
facturing In Germany— just like Carnegie
and the Bethlehem Works in this country
--do not compete, but decide the work and
profit^ Krupp, of course, taking the larger
share. It is alleged that these two firms
have made a net profit of $44,000,000 on
Government contracts aggregating $69.
750,000, and while this "profit is. no doubt,
grossly ; overestimated, 4 it is also certain
that- the Government is -'at' the mercy of
these ..two 'firms for work that no other
concern can handle. Smaller firms have
The British Admiralty has at last made
some slight concessions to the Engineer
Corps of the navy. The engineer In chief
will have the relative rank of rear ad
miral; chief inspectors of machinery have
been increased from five to eight and in
spectors of machinery from eight to thir
teen. The grade of staff engineer has been
abolished: chief engineers are to rank
with lieutenants of and above eight years
seniority; there is also a slight Increase
in pay, and the allowances to senior engi
neers on board ships have been rals«d
from 23 cents a day to 62 cents.
The British ironclad Belleisle, rated tn
Brassel's Naval Annual of 1899 as fit for
active service, has been condemned and
is to be used as a target for the channel
squadron. The Belle isle was purchased in
1878 for $1,200,000 and has never been con
sidered an efficient vessel. Her side ar
mor is twelve inches, not thick enough
to offer any considerable resistance to a
modern high-power rifle of 6-lnch caliber.
Vlckers, Sons & Maxim at 'Barrow are
building one battleship and three armored
cruisers for the British navy. The hull
contracts amount to $10,131,723 and for ma
chinery J3.79S.S95. making a total of $13.
930.620. The Japanese battleship Mlkasa is
also being constructed at the Barrow
yard, making a gross total of about $13,
000,000 to be received and distributed by
one private shipyard.
The Italian battleship Regina Margheri
ta, in course of construction at Spezia, is
13,500 tons, will carry the extraordinary
heavy armament of four 12-lnch, four 9
inch quick-firers, twelve 6-inch quick
firers and eight 14-pounders.
Gray paint has been tried with success
on the British battleship Revenge and tor
pedo depot ship Vulcan, both in the Med
iterranean. They were practically invis
ible at a distance of two miles.
The three new cruisers for the Russian
navy, Askold, Bogatvr and Novick, will be
fitted with five slender and tall smoke
pipes. These ships are practically en
larged Esmeraldas^
NEWS OF NAVIES.
Major Alfred C. Sharpe, inspector gen
eral, U. S. V.. has been assigned to duty
as inspector general of the department of
Porto Rico. Captain Daniel Robinson,
retired, has, upon his own request, been
detailed as professor of military science
and tactics at Simpson College. Indian
ola, ; Iowa. . .
Leave ¦ of absence for four months has
been granted to Major Theodore F.
Forbes. Fifth Infantry. .
Captain Charles D. Clay, Company M,
Seventeenth Infantry," has been transfer
red to Company 'E of the same redment.-
Captain James H. Frier, Seventeenth In
fantry, has been assigned to the vacancy
thus made in Company M.
First Lieutenant Ira L. Reeves, Fourth
Infantry, now on sick leave,, has been
ordered to report at Fort Sheridan, 111.,
for the purpose of conducting a detach
ment of the Fifth Infantry from that post
to Santiago, : Cuba. He will return at
once to New York upon the completion
of his duty. ¦¦¦¦¦' "' ''¦ . ;,
First Lieutenant Harry R. Campbell,
First Infantry, has been transferred to
Company C of the Fourth Infantry, First
Lieutenant Thomas J. Fealy, of Company
C of the Fourth," taking Campbell's place
in Company L of the First, r
Major .Francis AW Mansfield, Eleventh
Infantry, has been granted a leave of ab
sence for four months, to take effect upon
his relief from duty as Collector of Cus
toms. Ponce, Porto Rico.
A week's leave of absence has been
granted ; to i Major Edward C. : McDowell,*
quartermaster, :U.S. V. \ ; :
Captain John - L." Barbour, retired, has
been relieved from duty at the Clinton
Liberal Institute, Fort Plain, N. Y., and
has . been detailed," on ; his • own , request, as
professor .'of military science; and tactics
at Marietta ' College. : Marietta; O. The
transfer; will '.take place July 1. ;
Captain, Rogers, Bernie,. Ordnance De
partment," has ; been" ordered to proceed
from the New! York •» Arsenal to Frank
fort Arsenal..; Philadelphia, for ! the pur
pose; of making certain^ tests of high ex-;
plosives. 1 ; . ¦ *~-^'-.V ¦'¦'-' '-¦ ¦¦' ¦'""-'"'
. Colonel James W- ¦;- Scully, .assistant
quartermaster, general,, has : been' author
ized'to? make ¦¦ at leasts three .trips from
New Orleans to Scranton, Mississippi/ on
business z connected % with the • Quarter
master's Department. ~ *
-. Major. James W. Pope, quartermaster,
has. been' authorized, to make three official
trips from' Charleston, S. C, to.Savan
nah.: Ga.
Captain Fielder M. M. Beall, Third In
fantry, on leave of absence at Fort i:am
Houston, has been ordered to report for
temporary, duty to the commandant of
that post. , • ;;V-
Second Lieutenant Thomas A. Roberts.
Tenth Cavalry, has been transferred from
Troop G to Troop H of that regiment,
and Second Lieutenant Ferdinand F.
Fonda, Tenth Cavalry, has been assigned
to the vacancy in Troop «.!.
Leaves of absence have been granted
to Captain H. L. Jackson and Lieutenant
G. L. Townsend of the First Infantry,
stationed at Cuba, with permission to visit
the United States.
Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Scott, assist
ant adjutant general, U. S. V., has been
announced as assistant adjutant general
of tho Division of Cuba. He will take
charge of the Civil Department of the
City of Havana in all matters requiring
the action of tho division commander,
and will also have charge of the estimates
for island funds throughout the different
provinces of the island.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
It is to be borne in mind that while an early ad-;
jourhment will leave much undone that was expected,
nevertheless a great deal of work has been accom
plished. . The act which establishes the gold standard
and reforms our currency and banking laws is one
of the I most important acts of legislation since the
war and in itself will be sufficient to confer distinction'
upon this Congress. Then there has ' been legislation
affecting Hawaii and Porto Rico of great importance
which opens up a new field of activity; for our Gov
ernment. Thus enough has been achieved to consti
tute a good record for the session, and if now the
members of Congress determine to close up and re
turn home about the . time Presidential conventions'
are held nobody will blame them. It has been a good
Congress, but there is no desire on the part of the
people to have it ' at work all summer.
The Nicaragua Canal bill is another of the import
ant measures which were expected of this -session,
but the opponents of the canal by making a fight
against the Hay-Pauncefote treaty have virtually
forced a postponement of action upon that subject.
Other great issues have been so far involved with par
tisan questions that to bring them forward on the eve
of a Presidential election would result in a partisan
wrangle, and probably little of good could be obtained
by an attempt to force action upon them.
Should the reported policy be carried out there will
be, of course, some disappointment, but we believe
the people on the whole will not be dissatisfied. It
is now clear that the great expectations with which
the assembling of Congress was attended cannot be
realized and the fault has not been that of Congress
itself. For example it was believed last summer that
¦when Congress assembled we should have a, definite
settlement of the Philippine question. The. President
himself suggested as much in his speech at Boston
when he said that the nation's policy toward its new
possessions would have to be determined by the wis
dom of Congress. Events in the islands, however,
have prevented the adoption of a permanent policy at
this time and until the situation there is more fully
understood it would not be wise to undertake to for
mulate such a policy. Moreover until the Supreme
Court has pronounced judgment upon 'the constitu
tionality of the legislation for Porto Rico it is better
to wait before legislating for the Philippines.
0N EARLY ADJOURNMENT.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that the leaders in both the Senate and the
House are desirous of bringing the present ses
sion to a close before the end of June. For that rea
son many important measures which it was expected
would be dealt with at this session will probably be
postponed.
Stockton Independent.
The San Francisco Call published a car
toon yesterday by Artist Warren that
struck home. It was labeled, "Our ex
hibit at Paris Exposition." Its chief feat
ure was the California Commission In re
galia and uniform* and armed with
swords, obscuring with their gigantic
pride and affected Importance the mini
ature display of squashes and other pro
ducts. In the foreground were a few
pigmy observers inspecting the spurs,
swords and • epaulets of the great Com
missioners. It was a happy hit. It ta
to be hoped that all Stockton visitors to
the exposition will try and get a view of
California's exhibit in all their salaried
glory.
THE CAIX'S HA*PY HIT.
The evil is more irritating at this time because the
work is now so far advanced that a little energy on
the part of those in authority could soon complete it.
That energy, however, is frittered away in genera!
fussiness in other directions. The Mayor tinkers here
and tinkers there, to show his power through a mere
vanity, but nothing is done of benefit to the com
munity. Thus the Hall of Justice is left unfinished,
the streets are unswept, unsprinkled and unlighted:
Robbery goes on by night and jobbery by day and
the Phelan administration will be long remembered
for "ways that are dark and for tricks that are vain."
The Hall of Justice, designed as a permanent im
provement, has under the Phelan regime taken a form
that threatens a permanent scandal — a permanence at
any rate which will be as lasting as the Phelan govern
ment. Years have passed since the work on the build
ing began. The traffic of the vicinity has been seri
ously interfered with during all that time and prop
erty-owners have suffered a loss in the rental value
of their property. Most * of the loss has been due
solely to a lack of energy on the part of the municipal
government, and the Mayor, who has frequently
boasted that he is the government, is, of course, re
sponsible for the wrong.
Phclan's ante-election pledges have proven to be
less reliable than the proverbial pie crust, for even
when broken the crust shows something of substance,
while the Phelan phrases have vanished into empty
air. Instead of improvements commensurate with the
growing wealth and population of the city we have
had a retrograde policy which has carried the munici
pal administration back to the primitive days of Yerba
Buena, when street-cleaning was left to the public
spirit of the individual citizen, and he who went out
at night either carried a lantern or waited for the
moon and in cither case went armed.
¦ •
DELAY in the work of completing the Hall of
Justice adds one more to the many irrita
tions of the Phelan fiasco government. The
Mission clubs complain of a lack of permanent im
provements, the Merchants' Association is compelled
to perform the task of street-cleaning, the fraternal
societies protest' against the darkness which renders
the streets dangerous at night, and now the business
men in the vicinity of the Hall of Justice have to re
new their complaints against that exasperating job
bery, which for so long a time has made the construc
tion of the building a public scandal.
THE HflLL OF JUSTICE JOB.
Recent rains throughout California have somewhat
ch?nged local conditions during the past week. The
rainfall was unusually heavy in the San Joaquin Val
ley, from one and a half to two inches falling in one
day alone. Some hay was caught, some fruit spoiled,
some languishing crops given a fine revigoration,
some saved altogether and so on. Some districts
were damaged, others benefited. On the whole the
benefits largely exceeded the damage. The business
of the port of San Francisco continues brisk and
while not as lively as last year, when the soldiers were
here by the thousands and the Government was buy
ing immense quantities of clothing and provisions for
the Philippines, it is still active enough to keep times
good. The decline in wheat is the only unfavorable
feature in California at the moment, but wheat is not
the only staple of the Stale, as it was a few years ago,
fo it brings no disaster in its train as in former years.
Otherwise the markets show nothing new of interest.
Wall street still sleeps. Trading is almost wholly
confined to the professionals, as the public still holds
aloof. Money is easy enough, there are no threaten
ing Elgin in the financial sky, Europe is borrowing
our cold in blocks, yet the public refuse to take the
bait. The fact is, nobody wants to speculate for some
reason or other.
Dullness is the feature of the leading staples at the
moment Iron and steel buyers are holding off and
purchase only to fill immediate wants. Stocks showed
a slight gain in April, while several descriptions weak
ened oft slightly again last week. The unsettled con
dition of the building trades in the matter of labor
troubles is proving a detriment to the iron, steel and
lumber trades, not *o mention the dozen other lines
directly dependent upon the building of house9.
Lumber shows the effects of the strikes in lower quo
tations here and there. Wool has declined again and
the demand is reported slack everywhere. Prints are
offering under previous quotations. Hides and
leather continue dull and weak, as the boot and shoe
manufacturers are holding back on account of the
high price of leather and hides are consequently ac
cumulating at the principal markets. Wheat has
again declined and the market has looked very soft
and discouraging for several days. The Government
report, issued Friday, was bearish, as indicating a
large winter crop in spite of the damage done by un
seasonable weather in midwinter, though the ship
ments of wheat and flour from Atlantic ports were
larger than for the same week in 1899.
The best business reports are received from the Pa
cific Coast, particularly California, and a fair retail
trade is reported from different parts of the country,
but the manufacturers complain that orders from
wholesalers and jobbers are not what they ought to
be. A good many mills and factories are still run
ning on orders received away back in 1899, but new
orders are coming in very slowly, or not at all.
THE improvement in business remarked during
the first week of the month did not last long,
for last week was dull again, with a slack de
mand for goods and a weaker tendency in prices. The
bank clearings of the country fell off 18 per cent, as
compared with the same week in 1899, New York
fchowing a decrease of 26.4 per cent and Boston 18.2,
while the failures were 174, against 169 for the corre
sponding week last year.
ANOTHER DULL SEASON.
AVe are loth to believe that either Colonel Burns or the railroad company had
anything to do with this matter, but would rather think tt to be the overzealous
action of volunteers seeking to curry favor. Events will soon show, however,
the true inwardness of the situation, but at the present writing it is certain that
a premeditated and persistent effort was made to prevent General Dickinson's
election as a delegate to the State convention, and all because he did not vote
for Colonel Burns for United States Senator.
We shall await future developments with great Interest In view of the present
situation. -:"'•/ i* : *'r'f:
The action of Senator Dickinson and Assemblyman Atherton in refusing to
vote for Colonel Burns has always been and is fully- Indorsed by this county, and
It is strange that It should now be used against either by any one; and it would
appear that the action at the last primaries as set forth in this article was taken
by a few with the hope of securing the appointment of one or more of their num
ber to some position in the near future; but we venture to say that they will not
succeed.
We were very much surprised to learn at San Rafael on Saturday last at the
meeting of the county convention that certain friends or pretended friends of
Colonel Burns and the Southern Pacific Company had engineered the primaries
with a view of defeating General Dickinson as a delegate to the convention to
meet at Sacramento. Seeing that he was not and never had been a. candidate
the flpht against him was of the order which attacks windmills. The delegates
from Mill Valley, Bolinas, Tlburon and Belvedere were arranged for to vote
against him, and this by the "old guard," and. this again because the general
did not vote for Colonel Burns for United States Senator. TVe are not particular
ly Interested In the general and he can probably take care of himself, politi
cally- a3 well as otherwise, but there should be fair play and some of the dele
gates present may be pleased to learn the true reason, of the opposition to him.
As he was not a candidate the situation was a trifle ludicrous, and it loses noth
ing of its humor that Assemblyman Atherton also failed to vote for Colonel Burna
and yet his relations with the "old guard" would suggest that if their friendship
.for Colonel Burns and the railroad company Is genuine — tnat they are only in
terested in promoting our best Interests and that the county favored Colonel
Burns' election— they, should have had Mr. Atherton cast his vote for Colonel
Burns. ..'
Sausallto News.
BURNS AND THE S. P. R. R.
IN POLITICS IN MARIN
occasionally brought Krupp prices down,
as for example when the latter made &
tender for a number of field gun barrels
at 91200 apiece and when a competitor of
fered to deliver the articles at W37 50
Krupp reduced his offer to $473. On an
other occasion his bid of $2 12Vi for shells
was subsequently reduced to $1 25 through
competition. Krupp Is the owner of the
only gun-proving grounds In Germany, for
which he charges the Government a fabu
lous rental. Imperial Germany appears to
be worse off In the matter of monopolies
than republican America, for even the
Emperor himself holds considerable stock
In a shlp-bulldlng yard, which latter, ot
course, is largely employed on Govern
ment contracts.
The defect of Washington. is that its population is
made up mainly of people who take no part in the
activities of American life. It is filled with office
seekers who could not get elected to anything and
who content themselves with Government clerkships.
It has no citizens of leadership capable of organizing
a great commercial enterprise or directing a local
government. The community is American in name
only. It dislikes the hustle and the jostle of repub
lican institutions. It suits the official class there to
draw salaries from the national- treasury, spend them
in imitating the manners of foreign embassadors, leav
ing business and politics to the rest of the country. It
would benefit the District of Columbia to have self
government imposed upon it and it is to be hoped
Champ Clark's bill Avill be tried.
It is frequently said that the objection of the people
of Washington to undertaking self-government is that
the negro vote in the District of Columbia is so cor
rupt that it renders good government impossible.
The statement, however, is not to be accepted as a
full explanation of the situation.' Throughout the
Southern States there is in all the principal cities a
negro vote larger in proportion than that in Wash
ington and yet the people of those cities carry on local
governments, with as high a degree of honesty and
efficiency as those of "the North. Moreover it is not
true that the negro vote. is as corrupt as the Wash
ington people assert. It has never been noted in
other large cities thnt the colored vote is any worse
than the white vote or that it tends to make popular
government impossible.
A report concerning the manner in which the sub
ject is regarded in Washington says*: "An indication
oJ local feeling was made a few nights Bftp. At a
meeting of the Columbia Heights Citizens' Associa
tion resolutions for and againut the Champ Clarl:
proposition were introduced and tliitcussctl. The
negative resolution expressed the opinion that uni
versal suffrage 'is deemed highly undesirable to the
best interests' nnd the members of the nssociation
were asked to prevent the passage b( the bill. After
much talk the advocates of suffrage and those opposed
to it came to a vote and the friend* of local self-gov
ernment were beaten 9 to 1, the. vote being 36 to 4.
This would be the result in other sections of the city
if the negroes were not permitted to take part in the
deliberations or to vote."
A short time ago Chump ClarW of Missouri, think
ing to do the people of Washington a good turn, in
troduced into the Hcusc of Representative* n bill
to restore local self-government to; th« District of
Columbia. That, of course, involved the restoration
of the right of suffrage, which wag taken from the
people of the District when tho present form of gov
ernment was established. The effotu of the Mis
sourian, however, have not been received with the
gratitude he expected. The Waihlngtontani nrc
afraid of themselves, they are ;ifrai<t of otic another,
they vlare not mi»i their own vote, They prefer to
be governed by Congress and take elninm.
I JASHINGTON city has the double distinction
VA/ of being the capital of the greatest and
freest republic on earth and the only large city
in the civilized world which \\m no degree of self
government and no desire for any, It is t\ community
isolated from ihc rest of the nation, having little or
no connection with the great movements of politics or
commerce and none of our popular aipirntioni.
AN ISOLATED CITY.
MONDAY MAY 14. J9°°
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. t-EAKE. Manager
I'l'BLICATIOX OFFICE.. SlnrUrt «nd Tlilrd. S. F.
Tele»boae XIatn lbOs. i
CDITOaiAL nOOKS....71T «• Ml Ste^*»«o» St.
Telephone Slala 1874.
Delivered »it Carrier". 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slner'* 1 Copies. S Cento.
Trrrnn toy Mall, Inrlndinu I'oatacr«f
pJMI/T CALL .including Sunday), cat year .....*«. ( V
DAILY CALL, dcduainjr Sunday). C months ».«*>
DAJLT CALL Onc'.uCln* Sunday). S Bontln l.S"
I>AILT CALL— By Eincl* lloalb «5t
BUXDAT CALL. One Tear '-6°
V.KEKLT CALX. On* Tear *O"
All poituailen «r« authorised to recelre
• nbscrlptfonsv
feairtil* copl'-i »iil I* • ¦ : i-«M*U when requested.
OiKLAAa OFFICE 111S Brond.wny
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
l/anrger Foreign Advertising. f/arquetie Bu lain^, Chcago.
iLonc Distance Telephone "Central 2»1»."»
KTTSr TORK. COKKESFONDEXT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
KVTX TORK r.ti«ujf:NTJ>TIVI:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Euidipg
CHICAGO SEW* STANDS:
¦hmnaa Hooae: P. O. News Co.; Ureat Northern Hoi?!:
fresaont HfnTr; .Auditorium Hotel.
KEW TORK NEWS BTAXD8:
Waldorf -Astoria Motel, A. Breauoo, 81 Union Square:
Mcrrajr Hill BoieL
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE _ Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— ~JZl Montgomery, comer of Clar. open
until 9:St> o'clock. Zt'i Hayes, oueii until 9:30 o'clock. CZ)
McAllister. oj>en until 9:30 o'clock. 635 Lark in. open uritii
S:SO o'clock. IMI Mission, cpe-n until 10 o'clock. 22M Market,
corner Sixteenth. ngien until 9 o'clock. 1C36 Valencia, open
until S o'clock. :C,C Eleventh. <j«en until 9 </olock. NW. cor
ner Twenty-EecorjJ and Ker,t'Jcky, open until H o'clock.
The University of California has now proven a
worthy competitor on the athletic field with the great
est universities of the East Her team may not bring
home many prizes, but it will return with honor. An
incentive will be given to further training among the
students and the university will be a gainer from their
efforts. In the course of time we shall send East a
winning team and for the present the University of
California has every reason to be proud of the record
her sons have achieved this year. Yale" and Prince
ton have been a little too strong and too speedy for
them, but they madelhe sons of Eli get there quicker
than they ever did before and compelled the tiger to
hump himself.
ern students feel by reason of the many annual con
tests among' the numerous large universities of that
section.
During the four years which have followed the last
election there has been no interruption- of progress,
no setback to enterprise. The country has gone
steadily forward upon the paths of prosperity and
popular happiness. Now com* the election year
which gives the demagogues and the agitators a
chance to check that progress if they can. The plat
forms of the two parties will show the motives that
animate them and the people will have a plain choice
to make between- the party that rejoices and is proud
and that which mourns, decries and repudiates.
This contrast between the attitude of the two parties
toward the issues of the time is bound to have a
strong effect upon the minds of independent voters.
There are certain natural born Democrats who would
vote the party ticket even if the party platform de
nounced Democracy itself. Those, however, who vote
for the welfare of the country and for their own in
terests will have no hesitation in their minds this year.
The business affairs of all are involved in the contest.
We have had four years of protection and sound
money and to-day the prosperity of the people of the
United States is more general, more abundant and qf
a higher level than has ever been known by any peo
ple before in the history of the world. It is a pros
perity firmly based upon the natural order, of things
and will continue unless the people should place in
power a set of officials pledged to undertake by legis
lation to interfere with nature and to disorder our
finances and our industries for the purpose of giving
the discontented a chsnee to get even with the in
dustrious and the thrifty.
The Republican party will indorse the administra
tion, rejoice in the prosperity that has been brought
about by its governmental p.olicies, glory in the
triumphs achieved both at home and abroad, express
pride in the prestige the nation has attained as a
world power white augmenting the welfare of its peo
ple, will heartily support the administration that has
been instrumental in achieving these great benefits,
will entrust to the hands of the President the manage
ment of public affairs for another term and will com
mend him for his patriotism and his statesmanship in
the past. Democracy will repudiate everything in
sipht, mourn over all that has been done, decry all the
Republicans purpose to do. declare itself ashamed of
our recent achievements in peace and in war, condemn
the administration, denounce the gold standard and
disavow its own record.
There is nothing in the way of a puzzle in the pre
diction. No one will be in doubt as to which plat
form will be adopted at Philadelphia and which at
Kansas City. The difference between the positive
optimism of the Republican party and the negative
pessimism of Democracy was never more clearly
manifest than at this time. There is on the one side
a record of great work accomplished and on the other
a carping criticism of the work itself and of the
methods by which it was performed. One party has a
programme of progress and improvement. The other
has nothing but a confused clamor of discontent and
denunciation.
PARTY PLATFORMS THIS YEAR.
BY way' of contribution to the political predic
tions of the season the Philadelphia Press re
/ccntly. declared the platforms which the two
great parties will adopt this year can be summarized
in parallel columns thus:
"We Indorse — "We repudiate —
We rejoice — . We mourn —
We glory— We decry—
We are proud— We are ashamed—
We heartily support— We condemn—
We entrust — We denounce —
We commend— We disavow—
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 14, 1900.
"Two cents a day will support one life.
"One dollar will Bave a life for two
months.
"Two dollars will save a life until the
harvest.
"Five dollars will save a man, wife and
child until the next crop Is gathered.
"Fifty dollars would save live families.
"One hundred dollars would save a
small community."
Then the North American observes:
"Put the table Into another shape and
we may say:
"Two rifle cartridges a day will support
one life.
"One six-pounder shell will save a life
for two months.
"One twelve-pounder shell will save a
life until the harvest.
"One pair cavalry boots will save a
man, wife and child until the next crop
is gathered.
"One minute's discharge of a Maxim
gun will save a whole family from death.
"The cost of the war for one second
will save ten lives for four months.
"Two rifles will save them and afford
them the comfort of blankets during the
rainy and cold season.
"The cost of firing one shot from a slx
inch gun would save five families.
"One scrub baggage-train horsa would
save a small community.
According to Professor Washburn Hop
kins of Yale University, who In 1397 made
a study of the famine then prevailing In
India, the need in India Is not for addi
tional provisions, but additional money.
"There Is no lack of grain." he writes,
"there 1* no scarcity of supply." He con
tinues: "Why, then, are the peasants
starving? For the plainest reason, because
"Drought Is the cause. Whenever the
monsoon rains fail and the winter showera
also fail, there will always be a famine as
long as the Hindu ryot remains what ha
is by nature and through inherited inabil
ity to escape the money lender. The peas
ant works hard, but he is always In debt.
Not only can he not save, but he will not.
When times are prosperous he lives as
easily as he can; when bad times coma h«
is unprepared, now as always."
Professor Hopkins scouts the Idea that
there were no famines in India before the
advent of British rule. Famines lasting
for years prevailed under Hindu and Ma
hammedan rule. Now the measures, both,
of prevention and relief, are vastly greater
than they were then, and the burdens of
taxation very much lighter. The professor
repeats that the improvidence of the peas
ant class Is the chief cause of the trouble.
For a wedding or a funeral the ryot will
cheerfully double the mortgage on his es
tate, paying to the native usurer ISO to
300 per cent Interest, and this, too, "not on
the sum loaned, but on this sum with a
cipher added, which the usurer knows
how to tack on and the peasant la too Ig
norant to discover."
} h *iT & a T? no mopey to buy this grain. It
Is held by merchants, who have
for the multitude but will not rive It
away; nor may the Government compel
them to do so or connive at looting It If
any charitable folk will help the natives
of India, and great Indeed Is thetr need
let them cable money, not send corn."
But the professor denies that this lack
of money is due to the establishment jf a
gold standard or to excessive taxation,
or to the British misgovernment of any
kind. He writes:
no little, comparatively. In relieving
Ijunger-Bmittrn India. In India, It is
f«tlmnto<l. 80,000,000 famine sufferers need
help and 5.M0.000 are being relieved by the
(iovfrnmr'nt. Kn«Ianrt has sent, in sub-
Borlptions, J725.000 to aid the Indian treas
ury. In South Africa, where, the New
York Times says, "at most a population
of 300,000 Is directly involved in the out
rnine of tho South African war." England
l» spending a thousandfold more — $750,000.
000. The Cleveland Leader calls this con
trast "one of the sorriest spectacles which
our poor human nature has presented In
many years. It Is especially dishearten
ing in view of the fact that it Is the
work of the nation which claims to lead
the van*ln human progress and stand for
rill that is best in civilization." The Phila
delphia North American makes the con
trast still more vivid. It quotes as fol
lows the appeal from the Christian Her
ald, which is raising funds for relieving
the famine:
"Every time the clock strikes the hour
it tolls the death-knell of at least 500 vic
tims In India, who have died for the
want of n crust. Tho cable operates
quickly, and your contribution to-day
may save scores, hundreds, yes, thou
sands, of lives to-morrow.
"How many lives will you save?
SOMI5 pap*ra show a disposition to
blnme the British Government for
Kjn-nrllnR «o much money In prose
'outlni? the war In South Africa, and
4
is thin blood. It causes pale
faces, white lips, weak nerves
and lack of vitality. A blood-
enriching, fat producing
food-medicine is needed.
goes to the root of the
trouble, strengthens and en-
riches the blood, and builds
up the entire system.
For Anemic girls, thin
boys, and enfeebled mothers,
it is the Standard remedy.
SCOTT & DOWNE. Chemist*; New Yort.
ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
The Italian Government has decided to
establish a bacteriological laboratory for
the study of bubonic plague in the island
of Piano'sa. ¦
Beginning May 13 the "OVEKLuVND LIM-
ITED." the Union Pacific's splendid 89H-hour
••flyer" to Chicago, will leave San Francisco
dally at 10 a. m. Instead of 8:30. The FAST
MAIL will leave dally at • p. m. instead of
6:30 with through Pullman and tourist sleeper*
tor Chicago. Perfect dining car ««nrtc» on both,
trains. D. W. Hitchcock, General Asent. I
Montf om«ry st., San Francisco.
Finer and Faster Than Ever.
In the town of Ensley. Ala., eighteen
months ago there were 500 people. Now
there are 5000. They were brought there
by the steel mill, the rod mill and other
industries.
"We do picture framing and taka prlds
In framing artistically everything: from
the small miniature photos to the largest
oil paintings. Bring your pictures In and
let us talk it over with you. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main lOil •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound; in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas-
kets. 639 Market street. Palace HoteL •
Extra fine cream caromels. Townsend'a.*
Butter logs at Townsend's.
Splendid alacuma at Townsend's. •
Roman caromels at Townsend's. •
Molasses crisp chocolates. TownsexuTs. •
¦ • ¦ <
New— peanut crisps at To-wnsend's. •
AMUSEMENTS,
Tlvcll— 'The Witartl of the NUe.~
Grsjid Op»ra-hous»- — "The La£y Slavey."
Alcazar— "Malster cf Wood Barrow."
California— "An American Citizen."
Or^heum— Vandeville.
Olj-mpJ*. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vsudivll'-e every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer's Concert Hcbm- "Fauet."
Kepp Cotnrany Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderback— To-merrow, at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m.,
Persia Itugs. at corner Geary and Stockton streets.
By Sul'.lvan & lX.yle— Monday. May 14. at 11 o'clock. Horses.
•t corner Twelfth and Harrison streets.
By Cha*e & Men<3enhall— Tuesday, May IS. at 1 o'clock.
Iliph-cla** Horses, at 17S2 Market etreet.
IIcrses-Tuesday. May 15. at 11 a. m... at 1S17 Mission street.The judges selected for the' annual
games of the Calidonian Club at Shell
Mound Park, May 30, are: George Mc-
Donald. J. Bradford Matthews. Daniel A.
McLean. James A. McKay, Nell A. Mc-
Lean, Christopher Chisholm M. PJ
Forbes; W-iiam F. McCaw, William Car
ruth. Archie ; Lauriston, R. S. Falconer,
Allan McKlnnon, Adam Hannah, John F.
McDonald. Thomas Pringle. All the lead-
Ing athletes on the coast and many from
a distance have already signified their in
tention of staking part In the games, and
everything is being done by the games
committee; to make the event a great
success. . .
Caledonian Club Games.
Charged With Violating the Ordi
nance Against Fast Hiding on
Market Street.
As an unusual number of bicyclists were
expected on Market street yesterday
afternoon after the relay race, Captain
Splllane detailed extra men on the cross
ings from Montgomery to Sixth streets,
with instructions to arrest every one rid
ing at a greater speed than allowed by
the ordinance.
Twelve arrests were made and all gave
$5 cash bail for their appearance in court.
Their names are: W. H. Hilton, book
keeper; » C. Marty, student; Benjamin
Casey, laborer; John Brown, student;
Frank Smith, clerk; John Smith, clerk;
Edwin 1-iong. cutter; James. Block, la
borer;. H. C. Jagger Jr., gasfltter; L.
Werner, sailor; H. G. Kristensen. book
keper, "and Philip Schneider, messenger
boy.
POLICEMEN ARREST
SEVERAL BICYCLISTS
gion, to leave San Francisco Saturday
evening, June 2d next, at 7 o'clock, and for
which special excursion tickets cohering
the round trip and including sleeping ac
commodations •will be sold at the extreme
ly low rate of $10 each.,
As above- intimated, this train will be
composed of elegant Pullman buffet sleep
ers, which will be stocked with all the
good things in the way of food and re
freshments, excursionists being permitted
to order their meals a la carte.
The tini2 schedule will be so arranged
that excursionists may commence view
ing the magnificent scenery of the Sacra
mento Canyon early the following morn-
Ing, reaching Sisson about 10 a. m., where
a stop of an hour will be made — at the
foot of that 'noted earth giant. Mount
Shasta. Leaving Sisson. the train will
proceed on Its homeward journey down
the Sacramento Canyon, stopping en
route at the following well-known resorts:
Shasta Springs. Shasta Retreat. Upper
Soda Springs. Tavern of Castle Crag, Cas
tella (Cragview Camp) and Sweet Brier
Camp, arriving in San Francisco at 7:45
a. m. Monday, June 4. .
Those who have never visited the sub
limely beautiful Shasta region should
avail themselves of this opportunity, as
this will be the only excursion train of
the kind which will be put on this sea-
The great Shasta region has become im
mensely popular as a place of resort. It
has such unusual attractions In the way
of scenery and opportunities for pleasur
able pursuits that it only needs to be well
known to become the foremost pleasure
ground of the West.
For camping, hunting, • fishing and ail
manner of beneficial recreation it is prob
ably without an equal, all other advan
tages considered, and few places are
known that surpass it for types of the
heroic grandeur in scenery. Its climate
is healthful in a high degree and the con
veniences for enjoyable habitation are to
be found in dozens ;of Inviting places
along the line of the great Shasta route.
-The ease and cheapness with which thla
delightful country can be reached from
the thickly populated centers is naturally
the key note of its rapid growth in public
Colonel William II. Menton. the well
known excursion passenger'agent of the
Southern Pacific Company, will be in
charge of the party and will see to it
that excursionists aro well cared for.
The passenger department of the South
ern Pacific Company have just announced
their Intention of 'running a Pullman car
excursion train to the famous Shasta re-
The Second of a Series of Southern
Pacific Company's Popular
Excursions.
A SATURDAY TO MONDAY TRIP
AMIDST LUXURIOUS SUR
ROUNDINGS AT LIT
TLE COST.
A Pullman Car Excursion
to the Famous Shasta
Region.
A NOTABLE EVENT
The Charles Nelson also bailed with a
big crowd of passengers, but she will land
them all at Seattle and there take another
crowd for the gold lields.
The Santa Ana sailed for the Sound to
go into commission for the Nome rush,
but her bearings got hot after leavinb
port and she had to put into Bollnas Bay.
After a short stop she proceeded.
The Senator sails to-day for Nome with
every passenger she can carry and to
morrow the Ohio, Ranler, San Pedro and
I-uollii will get away. There will be a
great ¦ race ¦ to reach Nome tlrst and the
chances are that some of the steamers
that leave last will be tlrst to the beach.
Harbor Commissioners Harney and Her
old made their usual rounds of the port
yesterday.
The Octavia of the Kosmos line sailed
via Central and South American ports for
Hamburg yesterday. She carried an un
usually large cargo of wines and canned
goods and a few passengers.
The Coryphene and Consuelo were re
leased from quarantine yesterday and
wont to Oakland.
The San Juan, which arrived from Pan
ama and way ports Saturday, did not
carry an ounce of Central American
freight. Everything in her hold came
from New York.
The steamer Aloha, did not get away for
Cape Nome until yesterday afternoon.
She took away about sixty passengers
and a full load of general merchandise.
Water Front Notes.
The trouble arose in this way. On No
vember 15, lbO6, the British ship Kensing
ton arrived here from Europe with a gen
era! cargo. Charters were few and far
between in those days, and as the owners
of the vessel could not get a reasonable
hgure for ttie use of the vessel tney de
cided to lay ner up. The entire crow de
serted ana the Kensington was taken, to
Kaus-alito, where she was anchored off
"Baron" Guitalae's place. As there was
no crew aboard Captain Borland had no
one to man his gig, so made arrangement*
with Guitalde tor the hire of one of his
dingeys. The Kensington lay, at Sausa
lito f 10m December, '»>, to September, '97,
and then in the hurry of getting away
Captain Borland forgot to return Gui
talde's boat. Since then the ship and the
dingey have been to England, France,
Germany, around the Horn to Australia
and tinally reached t5an Francisco once
again a few days ago. In the meantime
".Baron" Guitaldo has been without hlb
boat and now he proposes making the
good ship Kensington pay for his Ios3.
The vessel has been away from here a4i
days and the Baron thinks he is entitled
to $1 a day during that time; then h«
also asks for some back pay and dam
ages.
The chances are that the whole matter
will be amicably settled and that the cap
tain and the "Baron" will ba as good
friends as ever inside of a week.
It is over a question of boat hire that
the captain and the "Baron" are at outs.
The latter asserts that there is ?1000 com
ing to him in the regular way and J50') for
damages, while the captain laughs at the
demand and offers the Baron $20 In settle
ment of the whole claim.
Captain Borland of the British ship
Kensington, and "Baron" (Jimmy) Gui
talde of Sausalito are at outs and the
chances are that a lawsuit will settle
their differences. The captain is master
of one of the finest vessels that comes to
San Francisco, while the "Baron" — well,
he runs a famous clam chewder resort
and incidentally lets out boats for hire.
It Was Taken by Captain Borland on
the Ship in 1897 and Returned
to Him a Few "Weeks
Ago. ,
"Baron" Guitalde Wants Pay
for Three Years' Use of
His Dingy.
Oil
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
The Bakersfield Californian grumbles
again at the stock manipulation going
on at L,os Angeles. It says: "The jobs
that are attempted to be worked in Los
The bill to amend the petroleum act.
the passage of which is urged by the
California Miners' Association, was de
vised to place the mineral locator of pe-
troleum on an equality with the tun
nel miner. The mineral lands com
mittee of the Miners' Association
telegraphed to Washington to find
out how the measure/ stands. The
principal provisions are as - follows:
Patents may be secured to land contain
ing petroleum or other mineral oils or
other hydrocarbons, and chiefly valua
ble therefor, under the provisions of the
laws relating to placer mineral claims.
Locators 6f such claims shall have three
months after working their claims on
the ground within which they begin
•work for the purpose of completing the
discovery, and such discovery, when
made while working such claim, shall
relate back and have effect nunc pro
tune as though made before or at the
time of working the claim upon the
ground; no adverse rights to any part
of the claim can be acquired by other
parties within three months, nor there
after while work is being prosecuted
with reasonable diligence; failure to
prosecute work for six months shall 'be
considered an abandonment of the claim,
and shall work forfeiture; land contain
ing petroleum which has been filed upon,
claimed or improved as mineral, but not
patented under the provisions of the pro
§osed act, may be held and patented un
er the act, the same as if such tiling,
claim or improvement were subsequent to
the passage of the act, and the owners
shall have three months after the approv
al of the act to file copies of their loca
tions In the local land oflice.
Field of Oil Production Continues ta
Extend and Work of Develop
ment Is Attended With In
teresting Features.
Answer From Washington Is
Expected Concerning
Its Status.
NEW PETROLEUM
BILL AMENDMENT
KEENLY WATCHED
Mrs. Vroom had saved about $3000,
which she put into • the Addison- Vroom
Company, but through her husband's mis
conduct with the Morrell woman the com
pany disbanded and she lost her money.
She has been playing an engagement at
the Dewey Theater, Oakland, which con
cluded Saturday night. In speaking of
that she said yesterday:
"All week I played while my heart was
breaking. I wanted to give myself up, but
they would not let me, as It would have
spoiled the play, so I struggled on, but
little did the audiences know how much it
cost me." . '
The young woman, Helen Morrell, who
alienated Vroom's affections, from his
wife, has also disappeared from the city
and no trace of her can be found. The
§ollce are incensed at Dr. Charles J.
chmelz, 721 Howard street, who attended
Vroom after he was shot for not report
ing the affair, and Captain Seymour said
yesterday that if the law could reach him
action would be taken- against him.
The police learned yesterday that Fred
erick Vroom, the wounded husband, had
gone to Seattle, probably on his way to
Cape Nome, and as he will not be here to
swear to a complaint or prosecute the
•case .will no doubt be dismissed.
J Judge Cabaniss happened to be holding
court discharging the "drunks" and Cap
tain Seymour sent for him. Mrs. Vroom
repeated her story to the Judge, who was
strongly moved by the tearful recital, and
with that gallantry tor which he is noted
he suggested that the charge should -be
assault with a deadly weapon, but the
captain demurred and ordered the charge
of assault to murder to be made against
her. The Judge with -the consent of the
captain fixed her bal>- at $25. She prom
ised faithfully to be in court this morn-
Ing, and Detectives Dillon and McMahon
were detailed to accompany her to her
home at 407 Van Ness avenue to enable
her to get the money. They returned
with her and she deposited the $25 with
Warrant and Bond Cierk Greeley and \.as
released from custody. ¦
' "He struck me on the ' face and on th«
breast and arm before I shot him," she
said, "and I can bring witnesses who will
testify that the marks of the blows can
yet be seen on my breast and arm. He
had turned to bolt the door to prevent me
from leaving the room when I fired the
shot. I might have had some pity for him
if he had shown any regret for his cruel
conduct, but he only, said with a fiendish
leer that he thought he was a good gen
eral, but I had been more than a match
for him. He has ruined me financially
and broken my heart." '¦
.The woman was taken to Captain Sey
mour, and between sobs and tear3 told
the story of her husband's infidelity an<?
why she shot him.
• "My name is Grace Addison Vroom,"
said a blonde little woman to Corporal
Cllls at police .headquarters yesterday
mornlng, "and I have come. to surrender
myself for shooting my husband last
Tuesday. You can do anything you like
with me, put me in jail and keep me there
forever, as my heart Is broken, and I wish
I were dead." ;
Judge . Cabaniss Releases Her on
Nominal Cash Bail— The Actor
and His Wife's Bdval
u
Disappear. * :
She Lf Booked on a Charge
of Assault to Commit
Murder.
GRACE A. VROOM
TELLS HER WOES
TO THE POLICE
/ Clay fought against odds. Hl3 long ser
vices in ¦ the cause ' of protection were by
a bold Democratic trick brought to
naught. Polk. 1 the free trader, was made
to write a letter declaring in a vague
way for "fair and. just protection to all
the great - interests of ¦ the whole Union."
and , one " of ¦ the : Democratic campaign
shouts was "Polk, Dallas and the tariff
of 1842; we dare the Whigs to repeal it!"
The Whigs, party of great men,"
were now really led by them. A ratifica
tion meeting of young Whiga was ad
dressed by a splendid array of orators.
Webster ignored past jealousies and spoke
in warm eulogy of his great rival. Clay
felt that at last the glittering prize for
which he had so long striven was within
his grasp. There seemed no question cf
defeat by this puny Democratic cham
pion. But Clay was, after all. hampered
by his brilliant - "record." and Polk had
none. , Besides, Democratic party discip
line was firm. Dissensions disappeared
as the party lash whipped the recalcit
rant into line.
Under the excitement of the annexation
question the two party conventions were
held— both at Baltimore. Once more the
Whigs were eagerly confident. Things
had been turning their way. Their be
loved Clay was now at last to lead them
to victory. He was nominated by accla
mation with the wildest enthusiasm and
he stood upon a platform of his own mak
ing. This declared for a tariff, for land
distribution, for economy and a well
regulated currency. It avowed hostility
to executive usurpation, but said not a
word about Texas, the real issue of the
campaign. The Whigs ardently hoped
that the Democrats would nominate Van
Buren. who opposed annexation, that the
question might not figure in the contest.
Van Buren was indeed th*v leading can
didate-before the Democratic convention,
and but for the adoption of a new rule
declaring two-thirds of the votes of the
convention necessary to a choice he
might have been the nominee. Juntos K.
Polk, a pronounced annexationist. but al
most , an unknown man. was nominated
and a platform was approved denying most
of the principles adopted by the Wh!sr*
and. declaring "the annexation of Texas"
to be a "great American measure."
The Campaign of 1844.
Tyler early aspired to be chosen by the
people in 1S44 to the place which he al
ready occupied through accident. To that
end he strove to become the head of a
party. At first he dreamed of uniting the
moderate of both parties under his leader
ship. Failing in that and finding himself
hated by the Whigs and not really trusted
by the Democrats, who at all events pre
ferred their tried leaders, he determined
to use his position to further his aims.
The civil service was prostituted to the
winning of votes for Tyler, while his
newspaper organ extolled Tyler as the
great and only man who could unite
North and South. This also failed, but
the schemer had one more card to play
which was to work the final undoing: of
the Whigs. Secret negotiations for the
annexation of Texas went on for months
with the President's connivance or at his
prompting, and on the eve of the election
the country was thunderstruck by the an
nouncement of measures of annexation.
The subject will be considered more fully
In a future chapter.
Tyler and Annexation.
Webster, Secretary of State, had remain
ed in Tyler's Cabinet when his colleagues
resigned, in order to complete some Im
portant diplomatic business. A variety
of disputes had arisen during several
preceding years which had brought about
strained relations between Great Britain
and the United States. After long nego
tiation with Lord Ashburton, the British
envoy, Webster succeeded in arranging a
treaty which finally settled the Maine and
New York boundary, provided for the
extradition of certain classes of criminals
and for the keeping of a squadron of ves
sels by each of the two powers on the
coast of Africa for the suppression of the
slave trade. The treaty signed, Web
ster also left the Cabinet.
The Ashburton Treaty.
These high hopes were speedily dashed
to the ground by the sudden death of the
President just a month from the inaugu
ration day. For the first time a Vice Pres
ident became President. Tyler's views in
respect to a bank were known to be those
of the Democratic party, but it was be
lieved that he would feel bound to carry
out the will of the party which elected
him. The first act passed by the special
session called by President Harrison was
the repeal of the independent treasury
bill. This President Tyler signed. But
when Congress proceeded to pass a bill
for a new United States bank the measure
was vetoed. A second bill with slightly
different provisions fared likewise. The
Whigs now saw that they had placed a
Democratic President In power, whose
purpose was to hamper and thwart them
at every point. A bitter feud developed.
All the Cabinet. Webster excepted,
promptly resigned. A meeting of the
Whigs in Congress was held and the Pres
ident "was deliberately "read out of the
paity," while Clay issued an open letter
of denunciation.
Other vetoes followed. The Government
was in great financial straits. Congress
passed bills for increasing the duties,
coupled with a measure, to which the
Whigs were committed, for distributing
among the States the proceeds of public
land sales. One after another they were
returned with the President's veto. At
last enough of the Whigs were willing to
vield and aided by a few Democrats they
carried a bill for high duties, but without
the distribution clause. This Tyler
signed
All this quarreling- worked disaster to
the Whigs. The fall elections of 1S42 dis
placed tne great Whig majority with a
Democratic majority of seventy.
A President Without a Party.
est prospects. Its Congressional majority
was large and its relations with the Pres
ident harmonious, while It was in substan
tial agreement as to its policy.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
The Cabinet was wisely chosen from the
ablest men of the party, and included at
first both Webster and Clay. But Clay
declined Cabinet honors, preferring the
freedom of the Senate. The party entered
upon its tenure of power with the happl-
In spite of the fact that tha Whigs had
won the campaign of 1S40 without the an
nouncement of party principles, they were
by no means without decided opinions up
on many subjects of public import. Har
rison's few speeches had frankly pro
nounced in favor of a national bank. "If
necessary," of a credit system and a paper
currency; while he declared himself to be
against the use of Government patronage
for party purposes and against the en
croachment of the executive upon the
Legislature. He also pledged himself to
a single term, the Whig one-term theory
being as Tyler averred in the heat of de
bate, "tnat greatest of all reforms."
BT JESSE MACT, LL. D.
VT. THE WHIG PARTY.
(Concluded.)
THE WHIG PARTY IN AMERICAN POLITICS.:
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton,
Clay was even made to appear an en
emy of protection. Thus hoodwinked.
Pennsylvania, the stronghold of protec
tion, with her twenty-six electoral votes,
went Democratic.
And the Whigs were forced, after all,
to meet the question of annexation. Clay
had expressed views satisfactory to th»
moderate antt-slavery men and which at
tracted also the anti-3lavery Democrats.
But the Southern Whigs urged him to
modify his position, and unwisely he un
dertook to please all sides. His "Ala
bama letters" gave with some reserve
approval to Texa«i annexation and af
firmed that the subject of slavery "ought
not to affect the question one way or the
other." This was fatal. Henceforth the
great Whig leader stood before his coun
trymen a political trimmer — a man will
ing- to sacrifice his principles for votes.
He had weakened himself in the North
without strengthening himself In tha
South.
The election grievously disappointed tha
"Whigs. Though the popular vote wu al
most equally divided. Polk had an elec
toral majority of sixty-five. Twice more
the Whig party was to join battle with
its enemies in a Presidential contest, but
never arain would it come before the
country as a party of genuine convictions.
Its career has associated the name Whig
with certain doctrines, which, however,
the party has feared to put forward In
campaigns, and when it has mustered
courage to do suit has been beaten. With
a tnagnincent array of great • men for
party leaders, with a worthy group of
political principles to uphold, the Whigs
nevertheless failed to effect what was
rightly expected of them, for lack of fidel
ity to real conviction and genuine politi
cal morality.
The Liberty Party in 1844.
A convention of Abolitionists organized
as the Liberty party in 1S40 and nomi
nated a national ticket. Their 7059 votes
had no effect upon the election and at
tracted no attention from politician!*.
But It was the rise upon the far horizon
of a cloud no larger than a man's band
which was ere long to blot out the sun.
In 1S44. after Clay's unlucky attempt to
occupy both sides of the annexation ques
tion, a great defection of anti-slavery
Whigs swelled the ranks of the Liberty
party. This was the real cause of Clay's
defeat. The «2,300 anti-slavery votes were
drawn mainly from' his party. But for
his temporizing attitude it is probable
that the Abolitionists would have made
no nominations. But the appearance of
Clay's Alabama letters Just before their
convention gave unexpected importance
to anti-slavery action. It was in effect
the Liberty party that elected Polk and
annexed Texas.
Campaign in 1848.
By the election of Polk the country had
pronounced for annexation, and the Con
gress which met In December, 1844, haa-
HEXRT CLAT.
tened to approve the joint resolution for
the admission of Texas. President Tyler
signed the document just as he was retir
ing from onlce. War with Mexico fol
lowed, from 1S4G to 1S4S. Though the
Whigs opposed the war they voted for the
support of the army in the field and won
much glory from the fact that many of
the most successful general3 were of their
party. One of their number, General
Zachary Taylor, became their candidate
for the election of 1S43. He was a slave
holder, but a man who had paid little at
tention to politics and had no party affil
iations in the past. Now he avowed him
self "a Whis. though not an ultra on 1 *."
Five political groups made nominations
for this campaign, showing the tendency
to disintegration in both the great parties.
The Liberty party named John P. Hale of
Xew Hampshire as its candidate. The
barn-burners, a Northern faction of tha
Democrats, withdrew from the Demo
cratic convention and nominated Van
Buren. He was nominated by the free
soilers also. They were an anti-slavery
group, less-radical than the Liberty party.
Lewis Cass of Michigan headed the Demo
cratic ticket. He advocated the doctrine
of "squatter sovereignty," which would
leave .the question of slavery In the Ter
ritories to the people of each Territory.
This as allied to their favorite State
rights principle was expected to com
mend the candidate to Southern Demo
crats, and to draw together the two wings
of the party, so as to prevent a division
on the subject of slavery.
Once more and for the last time the
Whig party elected a President, in ISIS.
carrying 1 more Southern than Northern
States.
The free-soilers and the barn-burners
both opposed the extension of slavery to
the Territories, while the Whigs charac
teristically shirked the main issue and
formed no platform. The real question,
was the adoption of the Wilmot proviso
forever excluding slavery from all Terri
tories acquired from Mexico. It had been.
Introduced in Congress two years before,
but failed to pass. Southerners stoutly
opposed it as destructive of their chief ob
ject in acquiring territory on the south
west. Many preferred the dismember
ment of the Union to the adoption of such
a principle. At the same time the ex
treme abolitionists felt that the provisions
of the Wilmot proviso fell far short of
the national duty. They demanded the
total and immediate abolition of slavery
in the United States or the destruction of
the Union.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
P. D. Armour, the millionaire pork
packer of Chicago, has entered the list of
California petroleum explorers. He has a
company that will operate In the San
Fernando district. - ¦ :,:
The Copper River Canyon district, in
Ventura County, Is attracting attention.
Within one mile of Piru there are seven
teen rigs running. In Torrey Canyon
there are about forty wells.
The extent to which petroleum i3 em
ployed to keep down dust upon the streets
and roads of California is interesting. At
Redding- fifteen^ miles of -streets are
sprinkled at a cost of about 8 cents per
running foot, and the city paid $4416 for
the service last year, the property-owners
gaying individually • a like amount. San
lernardlno sprinkles twenty-five miles
of country roads at a cost of $214 per mile
for the season. The work is performed by
a company under contract. The subject
of oiled roads has been studied to some
extent by the San Joaquin Valley Com
mercial Association in a qnest for bet
ter highways for the valley.
An oil company composed exclusively of
women has been formed at Los Angeles,
to be known as the Women's Pacific
Coast Oil Company. Mrs. Mary Lang
ley is the president: Mrs. L. A. Tomlln
son, vice-president; Mrs. D. Aldrich, sec
retary and treasurer, and Miss E. Li.
Kenney, attorney. They have incorpor
ated under the laws of Arizona. Capital
stock is $300,000, of which $S0O is actually
subscribed.
Angeles on a purely : wildcat basis' : are
responsible for. a growing reluctance ¦; on
the part of possible investors ; to : touch
anything, no matter how good it may, be.
This will have the effect of retarding de
velopment, but it will - also i perform the
good service of knocking the hot air
oufof an unwarranted boom with Its
consequent; wrecks." ¦-,'..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 14, 1900;
Bunko Men Arrested.
James Craig, R. B. Evans . and C. P.
Evans .were arrested .; at the ferry yes
terday' morning I and taken to the City
Prison, where ; they were locked up In
the tanks. They \ are "well-known bunko
men and have been in. the -habit' of board-
Ing; the Incoming overland trains at Six
teenth ;;• street, Oakland, -and drying to
(\atch "suckers.* Complaint was made to
Captain Seymour by the railroad offlciala
and their ; arrest followed. : The Evans
brothers said they . were to sail for Cape
Nome to-morrow; and the police will see
that they do so. Craig, also promised to
leave . the ; city. \ i^r w *HBlf MlHlMI
This la .the season! for photographs and
ours Is the placebo get the supplies. A full
line Tof^Eastman and \Montauk -Cameras
from ! $1 ! up.' ? Books * of ; all kinds ': on pho
togTaphy. •» "We do ; mounting and develop
ing In . the - latest s styles and will ; be ' glad
to f: do 4 yours. » Sanborn, "Vail & \ Co., , 741
Market st. . " - • l
The Purest Beer
Is ;the kind you ;want for use in your home.
The Anheuser-Busch Brewing- Ass" n make their
various brands of beer of barley-malt and hops
—strictly . pure beer. -no corn or- other cheap
materials. E. = CJ. Lyon Co., Wholesale Deal
ers, San Francisco, Cal. ;
Victim of Suicide Identified.
.: From . his ' photograph ¦ at the Morgue " the
man '•; who ; committed suicide 'April 23 < at
JtlTMarket street. was' yesterday Identified
by August * Johnson. ; his former; landlord,
0.3 Thomas Lee..; The deceased. was an En.
plishman j who t had • lost all hl3 ; money ;*' at
Tanforan racing park. ' He was a laboring
man. " -
5
AMTJEEMENT3.
PHONE MAIN 532.
THIS pVENDCG.
FIRST PRODUCTION IX THIS CITT
Of the World-Famous Musical Comedy.
The Lady Slavey
SCO Nlsrhts in London—::.') ln Nctv York.
Reappearance of ARTHL'R U'OOLET.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Peat in <)rch«*stra, Saturday
Matinee. 23c.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
EXCELLED THEM ALL!
THE BIGGEST SUCCESS OF ANT.
Tremendous Enthusiasm Last Nicht Over
k American Citizen
MaKniflcently Presented by
MR. JAMES NEILL
And His Very Excellent Organization.
REMEMBER THE THTTRSDAY AND SAT-
URDAY MATINEES.
In Preparation for Next Sunday Night— A Very
Charming and Original Comedy, Entitled,
"SHERIDAN."
CHUTES^nd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THE DOCKMANS: RAYSTON & RAEFORD:
HARRY HOLMES: GEO. TRUMP; FROSTO
& WARDE: HERBERT GILBERT CASTLE:
DE ARMO.
NEW MOVING PICTURES,
Amateur Night, Thursday.
Cakewall Night, Saturday.
% ~
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
LAMBAJtDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET.
Great Double Kill. Prison Scene from
"FAUST." La«t Act "RIGOLETTO."
]0c — Admission — 10c. Matinee Hunday.
CAPE NOME
JR^SPORT^^MPANIES^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t-OR THE
ift* CAPE NOME-
GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Ftc*>! R«am«hli>
Will tall From fc'au Krauciscu MAX Utn for th»
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
\la brattle, leavtac there May 19tn. Subae-
Soent trips will be from Seattle direct, namely:
une TluU July SUt and August 20th. j fassen*
gen arc advlted to Inspect tbe Senator before
purchasing tickets via otber tteameri, as her
sccond'Clau and steerage accommodations aro
superior to tbe first-class • accommodations oa
mewt of the steamers advertised for Nome.
Ihe Pacific Coast Steamship Company has been
running Its steamers to Alaska — winter and
summer— for 15 years and Is the Pioneer Pa-
riflc Coast Lias. For further Information in-
JjJlre cf J. F. TROWBRIDGE. Ocean Dock.
Seattle. Wash. N. POBTONv Ut Washington
¦tT Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. 124 West Seo-
«Dd St.. I^>« Anrele«. Cal. OOOOALL. PER.
fTTKB A CO., Oen. Agent e, 4 New Mont comer/
tC« or 10 Market it. Baa Francisco, Cal
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can be found
in drug stores and costs but 5t> cents per
parka qe. ¦HBHHHHfHBP9i
If there 13 any derangement of the
stomach or bowels they will remove It and
the resultant effects are good - digestion?
good health and a clear, bright complex-
ion* ' ¦ ' * "
Bear ln mind that beauty proceeds from
good health, good health results from per-
fect digestion- and we have advanced tha
best argument to induce every man and
woman to give this splendid remedy a
trial. "*MA?CI>*WWHfeR<limJ*"
Many ladies diet themselves or deny
themselves many articles of food solely in
order to keep their complexion clear.
When Stuart's Dyspepsia tablets are used
no such dieting is necessary; take these
tablets and eat all the good, wholesome
food you want and you need have no fear
of indigestion nor the sallow, dull com-
plexion which nine women out of ten
have, solely because they are suffering
from some form of indigestion.
This is the reason so many ladies ara
using Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because
they promptly cure any stomach trouble
and they have found out that perfect di-
gestion means "a perfect complexion and
one that does not require cosmetics and
powders to enhance Its beauty.
It Is impossible to have a good complex-
ion unless the digestive organs perform
their work properly; unless the stomach
by properly digesting the food taken Into
It furnishes an abundance of pure blood,
a good complexion is impossible.
Depends on Good Digestion.
This Is almost an axiom, although ««•
ually we are apt to think that cosmetics,
face powders, lotions, fancy soaps, etc.,
are the secrets for sectoring a clear com-
plexion. But all these are simply super-
ficial assistants.
A GOOD COMPLEXION
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Aral aWiz? Jfou Bet I Am!
THIS EVEJCIXG BEGINS
THE FIFTH BIG WEEK
Of the Record Breaking Comic Opera.
W?ZARD
?5eNILE.
The Coct!nnr«38 Ran Tell* th* Ftory of the
Worth ci Our Pro'luction'. !
Evenings at 8. Matlnse Saturday at 2.
Popular Prices — 25 and 50 Cents,
TEI.KPHOXE— BUSH 9.
ALL NEW I ALL NEW !
EVERY ACT A BIG HIT !
EZRA KENDALL:
CHARLES VL.THCK: IX)UISE GUNNING;
NEWSBTM-S- QUINTET: THE MUSICAL
KLEISTP; WILL. E. BATES; MARK SUL-
LIVA>*; BIOGRAPH.
MILTON AND DOLLIE NOBLES,
ReiMTved t«eat5. 25c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
ar.d box *eat«. 50c.
Matinees TVednM^ay. Saturday and Sunday.
(f*f\& QS&3E5BA *"**
V<V^fcillfiTIBIf% wow
EECOND AND I»AST 'WEEK.
Charles M. TaJe"« Greatest Spectacular.
Mechanical, Trick Production.
"THE EVIL EYE"
TVIth It» Endless Array of Startling. Amusing
and Picturesque Feature*.
Tb« Great Electrical Ballet, the Human Wind.
mill, the Catajscltlc Drawbridge, etc.
PRICES- 25c. 33c. 60c, Tac* %l.
Next Monday"— JOHN DREW
In "THE TrRAXXY OP TEARS."
#i??HEATRE T A>
TO-NIGHT— _
E. H. SOTHERN'S
M-*t Successful Drama,
MASTER 'OF-
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
RESERVED SEATS. 15c 25c. 35c. tOc.
Next Week "THE BUTTERFLIES."
CONCERT HALL— THE C F. KAPP COMPANY
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERY N'IGIIT! KVERT NIGHT!
Cakewalk contest *very Wednesday night.
ADMISSION FREE.
; sutrcTbaths
1A/ILL OPEN NIGHTS
O.VXSD AFTER
SATURDAY, May 19, 1900.'
1146 Market Street.
BgHnBHBBEggEBBBBaBBaHBHBBBHBBBBBB3BBHBBB
SUITS MADE TO ORDER. Perfect Fit Guaranteed.
WE ARE STRICTLY ONE PRICE HOUSE.
New Goods and High Novelties Daily Arriving.
All Goods Marked in Plain Figures.
LADLES' FEATHER BOAS, in all shades, from $10.00 to $40.00
LADIES' GOLF CAPES, from $6.50 to $15.00
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, from $5.OO to S35.OO
"•MISSES? GOLF CAPES will be offered at $2.50
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, new styles, from . . . 5Oc to $3.00
T.ATVTFy AUTOMOBILES, from S15.00 to $50.00
JOSSES' AUTOMOBILES, in grays and tans, value for $12.00,
will be offered at $8.50
LADIES' BLACK ETON JACKETS, satin faced, handsomely
stitched, value for $15. OO, will be placed on sale at . S1O.OO
LADIES' BLACK AND GRAY APPLIQUE SKIRTS, value
for S7.OO, will be offered at . . . $5.00
T,A-mrrer BLACK AND GRAY CHEVIOT SUITS, richly appliqued,
tailor made, value for S17.5O, will be offered at ... $12.50
LADIES' BLACK CREPON SKIRTS, In all sizes, value for $6.00
and S7.CO, will be placed on sale at S3.5O
LADIES' BLACK AND COLORED MOREEN SKIRTS, CRAS!
SKIB.TS, FANCY SUMMER SKIRTS, value for §1.OO
and $1.25, will be offered at . 65c
r
...FOR...
1146 Market Street.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
I/DAI' II Were successlul at Nome last
l\i\llUrl year. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson St.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. 625 Sixth Street. -
BYRON JACKSON.
ASSAYING.
LKATIN to pan. amalsramat-. <»t<\. In 10 days.
J20. VAN DEH NA1LLEN. 933 Market Bt.
D3ED(jINa PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are going to Cape Nome.
are you? Better buy one; Just the pump for
gravel; has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO., cor. Fremont and Natoma.
DREDGING PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam HoiFts. Centrifugal Pumps.
Knglnes&Boilers. HendyMach.Wks.,40 Fremont.
A1ARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds, 33 Market st.
ENGINES.
In stock, steam, gas. gasoline; full line: mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn., SO Fremont.
GOL> SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 133 1st.
GOLD SEPARATOP.
MARSHALL. Gold Saving Machine. 229 Fol-
(om street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GOLD-SAVING MACHINE
In operation dally at Mining Fair, Central
Park. Office 137 Beale st.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion sluice saves gold: competi-
tion lnvKed 175S 15th St.. corner Guerrero.
PLATED FOP SAVING GOLn.
Schaezlein & Rurrldee. 3 Hardle place, off
Kearny. between Sutter. and Bush streets.
SILVER-PLATED MININO' PLATES.
GET them at Dennlston's San Francisco Plat-
Ing Works. 652 Mission st.
-_— -—
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co.. manufacturers. 35
Beale gt. S. F.. 34S E. 2d st.. Loa Angeles.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
Learn to know gold and rave It, to handle
amalgamating plates, etc. Central Park.
CAPE NOME SUPPLIES.
F. W. BELL. Central riating Works, 852 Mis-
sion st.. K. F. Phone Jessie 301.
MEDICINE CASES. *
FERRY DRUG CO , &&«.
WHISKY.
RIIVTFJ? PYF CHKISTY & WISE Coranw-
lilMlEa It IK- cial Co.. 327-229 Sansome St.
L1QUORS-
WHICrpV BLATZ BEER, Bethpsda Water.
nii»3t\CI CAHKN & SON.418 Sacramento wt.
PORTABLE FOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. V.
WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pieice cave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered for the successful treatment of Her-
nia, or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers have
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance and thousands of others
are now on the road to complete recovery. Thia
Truss Is different from all others. It does the
work!
You can Ret our "BOOKLET No. 1" by call-
Ins: at the office, or It will be sent on receipt of
a 2-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truss.
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
G2U Market Street f Opposite : Palace Hotel),
San Francisco.
Eastern. Office— New York City.
£visi~ DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{¦USE0H OF aSiflTOSY*
# S5> ¦.uauAsssis».|bit.ftht7a,5.F.ea, i A
\ f&^ ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
a _^iJfti^_ ;• .World. >. W eafcnenes or _ any contracted A
6 fgSwjl S:«tiili«cu Cm.- Coast Eit.36y.5ars ¦""•.
£ $SFu 08 "«"Q h WH-PR!¥&TE DISEASES $
A 6 Y&m/ M '" " me! >t personally or by letter. A /f
\ R IF tI M • flMf ' tie IVre In rvery case undertaken. T
atrli \\& " /Write for Book, C*EIII.OH(iraVcr A
™ tl I W*UB1/4OK, MAILED FRE8. ii\¥
\ vt /!• valu»'i>le boot lor nicu) • , • \
7 DK- JOBDAM A eo.', 10M Market St."; 8. F. f
w^^oKj
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
£$£# Jnl totitja.\S V. Ititea, unnatural Jl*
l$?ttlJ l Gtirsufed 9 C '"»'KCB. or any infle-~ima-
Bm»p not to strlauire. , , tion. , irritation or uiocr*.
B^a»'Pr«Toiiu oentigtoa. tion ot m a c o u s n:cm
KySrHEEVANS CHEMintiCo. bra Pea* : Non-tutringent.
fey tSraxsUt*.
V£|\ O. "• *¦¦ S&A ? T 8Pat ln pitln wrapper.
V^5Sai*>rL^^*V**r4 t>y e*Frtsa, prepaid. fa»
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MI ANA ? BITTERS. THE
i gx eat Mexican j remedy ; -. gi ves : health - and
rtrength to sexual organs. Depot, . 323 Market.THE opening cricket match of. the
season was played yesterday on
the Webster-street grounds, Ala
meda, and resulted In an easy vic
tory for the Alameda men. The Pacifies
went to the bat first, but none of the
eleven made any serious resistance to
the bowling jjf Harold Ward, who cap
tured seven "wickets. The only batsmen
who obtained double figures were: C. P.
Coles, 15: D. Jamleson, 13, and George
Theobald, 11. Three wickets were down
for 45 runs, and the whole side made only
66 runs.
The Alameda batsmen proved far too
strong for the Pacific bowlers. F. J. Croll
scoring 57, Harold Ward 36 and J. J.
Moriarlty retiring after he had compiled
31. Seven wickets were down for 171
runs at the call of time, so that the wear
ers of the blue and white won by 105
runs, with three wickets to spare. Six
Pacific bowlers were tried, the most suc
cessful being Casidy and Coles, each of
whom obtained two wickets. The full
scores are given herewith:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLUB.
J. Myers, b. "Ward Jr 0
C. P. Coles, b. Ward Jr 13
I>. Jamleson. b. Saunders 13
George Theobald, c. Saunders. b. Ward Jr 11
H. C. Casidy, c. Moriarlty. b. Ward'Jr 1
J. J. Theobald, b. Ward Jr 0
A. B. Willis, b. Ward Sr 3
A. W. Wilding, c. Seebeck, b. Ward Jr «
W. Jamleson, c. Saunders, b. Croll 9
W. McDonald, b. Ward Jr 2
E. K. Johston, not out 0
No. balls 2. lee bye 1, byes 3 6
Total 66
Runs at the fall of each wicket— One for 2,
two for 21, three for 43, four for 46. five for 46,
six for 49, seven for 49, eight for 64, nine and
ten for 66.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
Ward Jr 83 33 2 47
J. H. Saunders 4S 11 2 11
Unconventional Poses by Prominent Cricketers.
P. J. Croll 33 7 » 7
Ward Sr 54 1» 3 10
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
R. B. Houue, b. T>. Jamieson It
J. H. Saunders. b. "W. Jaraleson. IS
J. J. Mortality, retired n
F. J. Croll. c. J. J. Theobald, b. Wilding.. 57
H. Ward Jr., c. D. Jamleson, b. Coles 35
V. E. Seebeck. b. Castdy 1
F. Stahl, b. Casidy j
E. J. Murphy, absent..... 0
II. Ward Sr.. not out la
H. W. Brown, b. Coles 0
G. J. Baugh, absent 0
No. balls L wida 1. leg bye 1. byes 8 11
Total ...171
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 24, two
for 38. three for SO, four for 123, five for 130,
six for 160, eevea for 171.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
H. C. Casidy 103 30 3 2
C. P. Coles 103 55 0 J
A. B. Willis 35 15 S 0
W. Jamleson 42 13 2 1
D. Jamleaon ja 18 0 I
A. W. Wilding 36 81 0 1
FIRST RELAY.
803 iAritln ttreet to Sierra Point
Company L Wins.
Company L. League of the Cross Ca
dets, beat Company D of the league in a
game of baseball in Golden Gate Park
yesterday by a score of 23 to 2. The win
ners would like to hear from any team in
the league or other amateur teams. They
line up as follows: XIahoney. catcher;
Smith, pitcher; Kennedy, first base;
Sears, second base; Thllgen, third base;
Fenton, shortstop; Sullivan, left field;
Crowley, center field; Meacher, right field.
tenet's Slim. 6—2; Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon
beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's Miss Allen. %—\;
J. L. Ros3' J L R beat Russell, Allen & Wil
son's Julius Caesar, 8—3.
Second round — Beauty Spot beat Blackette,
7—6; Beer Brewer beat Ollta. 5—0; Master Gor
don beat Boney Boy. *— 7; For Glory beat Ran
dom Aim, 7—6; Hot Haste beat Reckless Arch
er, 14—1; Bowery Boy a bye. Sleety Mist with
drawn; Carmencita beat Just Tip. 13— S; Llttl»
Sister beat Commodore, 12—0: Erin beat Scot
tish Chief. &— 4; Vulcan beat SleiKh Bella, 5—0;
Auckland beat i'hootover, Y>— 5; Echo beat
Royal Anne, 4—3; Grafter beat Athena, 4—0;
Old Glory beat Agamemnon. 6 — 4; J L R a bye.
Third round— Beauty Spot a bye. Beer Brewer
withdrawn: For Glory beat Master Gordon.
6—2; Hot Haste beat Bowery Boy. 5—3; Car
mencita beat Little Sister. 8 — 4; Vulcan beat
Erin. 4—1: Auckland beat Echo. 15—7; Grafter
beat J L R, 5—2; Old Glory a bye.
Fourth round — For Glory beat Beauty Spot.
6—2; Hot Haste beat Carmencita, 11—7: Vulcan,
beat Auckland, 10—1; Grafter beat Old Glory,
17-7.
Fifth round— For Glory beat Hot Haste, *— I;
Vulcan a bye. Grafter withdrawn.
Deciding course — Vulcan beat For Glory, 6—3.
: If you. are: going' traveling don'tlfall to
see -our stock , of: trunks, traveling bags?
valises, 1 suit cases and all kinds of leather
goods. •: Playing cards, crib boards - and
poker ichips. Sanborn,- Vail & Co., 741
Market. st. . \ •
Opposed by Cardinal Rampolla.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May . 13.-The Journal has
this from . Rome: . Archlblshop . Gorrigan,
has arrived here, but in consonance with
his invariable custom he has refused any
interview : -to. > the- newspapers. L'ltalia
declares that the Pope would be willing to
make Corrigan a Cardinal were it not for
Cardinal Rampolla's lively opposition.
Artillery Baseball.
There was a good game of baseball yes
terday afternoon at tae Presidio between
a team from Battery O and one from Bat
ter I of the Third Artillery which resulted
In a victory, for Battery O by a score of
7 to 6. The teams were made up as fol
lows: •
Battery ; O. , Positions. Battery I.
Muller ..........Catcher: .....'.;. ...Chard
Haskell.. •...Pitcher- ....McGovern
Rauner.. .............. First base...... ....... Hoard
Gwinn.... ........... .. Second naBe.........TUlison
Ryan... ............... Third base... ....McNamara
Pratt.. .:.. Shortstop? ...............Ogle
Wade Left .field......;..... Johnson
Martink<* Center field . Peterson
Kinzie....... ....Right field... ...:;..Voce»ky
Printing Pressmen's Picnic.
Printing pressmen and their friends to
the number of 500 enjoyed , a picnic | at
Fairfax yesterday. Besides dancing and
music, those in attendance enjoyed a num
ber of 100-yard footraces, the winners of
which were: • ¦
Special race. George O' Connell: three-leirged
race, J. Jeffries: membere' wives, Mrs. Fitz-
Flmmone: married ladies, Mr& Moran; young
ladies. Miss Regan; members, . John Hughes;
committee. Mr. Maloney; open race, D. O"Con
nell: young: men's, R. Donovan; boys under. 9,
Willie Klrwan; Klrls under 9. Grace Low; boye
between 9 and 14, P. McCall ; irirls between 9
and 14, Minnie Chase; young men' s race, R.
Donovan; married men.-R. Dittl.
; I Actual
RIDER. 1 1 riding
I Club. I Time. time.
Arthur McDonald.. G. C. W. 9:35:44 30:44
L. H. Smith iO. C. W. 9:35:45 130:45
Fred J. GiI!man....jB. C. W. 9:35:46 130:46
Best previous time over this relay— Gall Har
denbrook. O. C. C, 2S:0S. 1S?6.
On the second the Olympics moved up
into first position. Bailey making a g-ood
ride for them. The Bay Cltys were still
last.
SECOND RELAY.
Sierra Point to San Mateo.
I Actual
RIDER, riding
Club. Time. time.
C. Bailey. O. C. W. 10:03:11 127:26
E<J Barnes G. C. XV. 10:03:15 (27:31
Frank Bollo |B. C. W.j 10:03:30 J27:44
Be«t prevlouii time over this relay — Tony Del
mas. G. C. W.. 26:23. 1SS8.
The Garden Cltys again assumed the
lead on the third, the Bay Cltys moving
up one notch. Fleming made a good ride
for his club on this stretch of road.
THIRD RELAY.
San Mateo to seven-eights of a mile north of
Menlo Park.
1 | I Actual
RIDER. riding
Club. Time. time.
Homer Lowe G. C. \V. 10:23:30 26:15
Ed Fleming: B. C. Wr 10:29:30 2-5 26:00 2-6
H. Anthony O. C. W. 10:29:31 |26:20
Best previous time over this relay— E. P.
Barnes, G. C. W.. 23:06. 1893.
The fourth, ordinarily a fast ten miles,
was found to be all cut up, and the men
made slow time, seven and a half minutes
Blower than was made last year. Arthur
Davidson here brought the Bay Citys up
to first position.
FOURTH RELAY.
Menlo Park to one mile south of Mountain
View.
Actual
RIDER. riding
Club. Time. time.
Arthur Davidson... B. C. W. 11:03:05 33:34 8-5
W. Peddler O. C. W. 11:03:05 33:34
J. E. Wing G. C. W. 11:03:10 33:40
Be»t previous time over this relay — Louia
Smith, O. C. W.. 26:00, 1893.
D. E. Francis, Garden City, made the
fastest ten miles of the race on the fifth,
23:50, placing his club again In the lead.
Walter Davidson dropped over a minute
here for the Bay Citys.
" FIFTH RELAY.
Mountain View to Agricultural Hall, San Jose.
Actual
RIDER. rldinsr
Club. Time. time.
D. B. Francis G. C. W. 11:27:00 23:60
J. Hobson....: „ O. C. \V. 11:27:12 24:07
Walter Davidson... B. C. W. 11:28:04 24:55
Best previous time over this relay — Edward
McNess. O. C. W., 24:15, 1KM.
The relative positions were the same at
the end of the sixth, through the city
of San Jose. It was on this relay that
pacing is alleged against the Bay City
man. though it hardly seems possible that
he would be so thoughtless as to accent
pace through the streets of a city which
had a club in the race and where thous
ands of eyes were watching- the result.
SIXTH RELAY. \ '¦ j
Agricultural Hall to Alum Rock and Jackson
avenues. • .
_^ Actual
RIDER, riding
Club. Time. time.
Burton Downing... G. C. W. 11:57:54 30:54
G. E. KroetE O. C. W. 11:58:55 31:43
F. C. Boeckman.... B. C. W. 11:58:55 2-5 30:5S 2-5
Best previous time over this relay— Eugene
I Coffin, G. C. W.. 27:23. 1899. *
The Bay Citys get credit for the best
performance on the seventh and exchang
ed last position with the Olympics.
SEVENTH RELAY.
Jackson avenue to one mile south of Warm
Springs.
RIDER. * rtduw
Club. Time. time.
I I. W. Letcher...... G. C. W. 12:26:30 , 28; ;. .'
H. D. Bean B. C W. 12:27:00 ' 3-S
P. N. Hanna O. C. W. •• — %5
Best prevlou* - ?' "^
Daw. n~" t.
Olympic Gun Club Members Have a
Day at the Traps and Increase
Their Scores.
The Olympic Gun Club held its regular
weekly shoot yesterday at the Ingleslde
grounds. In addition to races for the an
nual record, several sweepstakes events
were shot off. ,
Following are the scores:
First event, 12-blrd race at 2S yards: Cham
pion class— Haight 1 1, Golcher 11, Nauman 11.
Class A— Owens 12, Sands 11, Slade \0, Justlns
10, Shields 9. Class B— Stone 10. Roos 12. H.
Kullman 9, lloumer 9, J. Kullman 4, Derby 11,
Nauman, back score, 12. •
Handicap medal shoot — Nauman 18, Haight
18, Golcher 18, Sands 16, Slade 14, F. Feudner
20, Shultz 18, Kleveaahl 20, Karney 17, Bruns
15, Wi'.son 19, Foster 12, U. M. C. 20, Sweeney
15, : Peel IS, Justlns 20, Bekeart 19, Rose 19,
Derby 17, Shields 20. Wands 13, Shaw 19, H.
Kullman 16, Koos 15. - -
Pool shoot, $1 entrance, $10 added — Nauman
20, Haight 17, Golcher 18, Bekeart 14, Sweeney
19, F. Feudner 20, Shultz 19, Klevesahl 20,
Karney 20. Bruns 15, Wilson 15, Foster 20, U.
M. C. 20. Justlns IS, Derby 18, Rose 20. Shields
13. • ¦ : . • ¦•-. . .•¦¦¦ .¦¦..•¦¦¦.
Club score— Nauman 23, Sweeney 18, Klevesahl
22, Shultz 19. Shields 20, Shaw 14-17, Karney
21, Foster 23. Bekeart 23-23, Wands 18, H. Kull
man 16, Murdock 13, Rosenberg 18-20, Lane 15
15, Whitney 16. Brockbank 13, Peel 13, Haight
20, Golcher 24. . .
PIGEON SHOOTERS AT
INGLESIDE GROUNDS
There was a big concourse of people at
both the start and finish, and much en
thusiasm was evinced. The start was ef
fected at 9:05 a. m. at McAllister and Lar
kin streets and the finish was in Alameda
a little before 2*o'clock.
The Olympics received the following
telegram Saturday from three old mem
bers now in Portland and derived con
siderable comfort from it:
PORTLAND, Or., May 12, 1900.
Olympic Club Wheelmen, San Francisco:
AcceDt best ¦wishes from three of the old
guard for Olympic victory in to-morrow's
relay. JACK PLAGEMANN.
FRANK L. HUNTER,
ARTHUR C. THORNTON.
William Mackie, a prominent member of
the Olympic Club Wheelmen, met with a
severe accident on the third relay. He
was riding along at a good speed when a
dog crossed his path, throwing him heav
ily. Mackie fell on his face, breaking his
Jaw in two places, and was rendered un
conscious. Some clubmates • who were
near at hand brought him to the city,
where his injuries were "dressed and he
was conveyed to his home.
L. Weinand, a member of the Bay City
i Wheelmen, was riding as a trailer in the
race, and while going down the hill at
the Slx-mlle House, his wheel struck a
stone and he was thrown. He went to
the Receiving Hospital and had a lace
rated wound in his neck and several con
tusions and abrasions on his face, . arms
and hands attended.
William Reutmelster, while riding a
wheel down the hill at Fulton and Scott
streets yesterday on his way to witness
the race, lost control of the machine and
fell, breaking his right arm. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital In the
ambulance.
Bfcst previous time over this relay— Wilbur
Edwards. G. C. C. 2S:10. 1S95.
1 Actual
RIDER. riding
Club. Time. • time.
K. A. Bozio O. C. W. 12:55:47 28:46 3-5
Ed A. Rusac B. C. W. 12:55:50 2S-.50
L. A. Smith O. C. W.|12:55:S2 29:22
Best previous time over this relay — A. p.
Deacon. R. A. C. 27:10, 1S37. - ¦' .
Another material change came on the
ninth. Wastle bringing the Garden Citys
from last to first place by a fine rido.
"Mike" Lind lost nearly two minutes for
the Bay Citys, much to their disappoint
ment, as they had expected great things
of him.
NINTH RELAY.
Ending on base of triantcle.
I Actual
RIDER. rldlnn
Club. Time. time.
E. B. Wastie iG. C. W. 1:26:40 S0:48
E. O. Kragness IO. C. W. l:26:40 2-5|3O:53 2-5
I. R. Llr.d |B. C. W. 1:28:10 |32:20
Best previous time over this relay— Emil Ul
brecht. B. C. W., 29:10. 1S95.
Kenna. Bay City, rode the best on the
tenth and last, gaining fifty seconds on
his adversaries, but it was not enough to
win him the race, as he was still forty
seconds behind. Francis, the Garden
City man. had a bad fall at the new High
Street Bridge, Alameda. He was then
about 200 yards ahead of Russ, Olympic
Before he could remount Russ was up
with him and they practically finished to
gether, Russ beating him out in the
sprint. Kenna was close up, but Immedi
ately after the leaders finished the crowd
pressed in around the tape and he had to
dismount and walk his wheel through,
~™ ~~ TENTH RELAY.
Base of trlancle to 2323 Central avenue, Ala
meda.
„ 1 Actual
RIDER. ridinc
Club. Time. time.
Ed F. Russ O. C. W. 1:S6:16 4-5 29:36 2-5
M. G. Francis G. C. W. 1:56:18 1-3129:38 1-5
James R- Kenna... B. C. W. 1:56:53 |2S:49
EMPIBE GUN CLUB SHOOT.
Big Scores Are Made at the Alameda
Point Grounds.
ALAMEDA, May 13.— The Empire Gun
Club held Its monthly shoot at Alameda
Point. A. J. Webb made the phenomenal
run of 70 straight in three events of 25, 20
and 25 birds each. W. T. Huie of the Ala
meda Gun Club made a 30 straight on the
magautrap. Following are the scores: '
Club championship. 25 birds— Howlett. IS;
Debenham, 21; Webb, 25; Hauer, 17; Balrd,
18; Lewis, 7; Lamotte, 20; Allen, 23; Alden,
17; Gere, 14; Tellerson, 15; Juster. 19; Lambert.
14; Sweeney, 11; Cullen, 13; Searles, 11; W.
Roland 9; Guyett, 13: Haupt, 15; Fish, 9;
Eaton, 7; Peltier, 16; Halle, 21; Parent, 10.
In the money match, a shoot off at 25
birds, four classes, Webb took first
money, Howlett second. Gere and Lam
bert divided third and Fish took fourth.
Score:
Debenham, 22; Webb. 23; Allen, 18; Halle, 21;
Howlett, 24; Hauer. 20; Balrd, 17 ; Alden. 20;
Juster, 18; Gere, back score, 13; Gere. 15; Tel
lerson, 14; Lambert, 15; Haupt, 13; Peltier. 14;
Parent. 11: Cullen, 13; Roland, 11; Guyett, 10;
Fish 20; Eaton. 8.
In the merchandise event, 20 birds,
handicap, the prizes were won by Guyett,
Webb and Haupt. Score:
Allen 14; Gere. 16; Fish, 15; Juster, 13; Balrd,
13; Haupt, 17; Cullen. 15; Howlett, 10: Guyett.
19; Rowland, 14; Alden. 15; Peltier, 14; Lam
bert. 16; Hauer. 16; Halle, 12; Webb. 17.
Scores were "rrfade on the State cham
pionship trophy as follows: Webb 25,
Hauor 23, Javette Jr. 21, Debenham 20 and
Haile 18.
In the Schumacher trophy event at 20
birds, handicap, the following scores were
made:
Webb, 20; lAmotte. 19; Hauer, 18: Allen, 18:
Howlett, 18; Debenham, 18; Cullen. 17; Gere, 17;
Balrd, 17; Juster, 17; Tellerson, 17; Alden, 15;
Javette, 15.
mere technicality. It was J. B. Lamkln
of the San Jose club who started his man
a year ago forgetting to give him a
packet, and it was J. B. Lamkin who in
sisted yesterday that his club should be
awarded the race because the Olympics
had dropped theirs accidentally.
The race itself was almost bare of in
cident other than the foregoing. The three
clubs were separated by but a second
apiece at the end of the first ten miles,
as will be seen by the following score:
PREVIOUS RELAY RACES.
Year. Won by. Time.
1893 . . Acme Club 5:48:51 2-5
1894 . . Garden City 5:22:21
1895 . . Bay City 4:56:47
1896 . . Bay City 4:56:12
1897 . . Bay City 4:49:12
1898 . . Bay City 4:55:13
1899 . . Olympic Club 4:46:24 3-5
«-ir— HE Olympic Club Wheelmen won the
¦I eighth annual 100-mile relay race
U of the California Associated Cycllsfs
around the bay of San Francisco
yesterday. Edmund Russ crossing- the
tape in Alameda for them a wheel's
length ahead of Milton Francis, the cour
ier of the Garden City Wheelmen of San
Jose. Owing to a technicality, however,
which the Garden Citys persisted In tak
ing advantage of. the Olympics will not
retain the trophy, and it rroes to the San
Jose Club. The Bay City Wheelmen were
third, finishing about 40 seconds behind
the leaders. The time made, 4 hours 51
minutes 16 4-5 seconds. Is 6 minutes slower
than the coast record, made In last year's
race.
In relay races each club furnishes the
rider of the first relay with a leathern
packet, containing a letter from the Mayor
of this city to the President of the Board
of Trustees of the city of Alameda, the
race being between San Francisco and
Alameda by way of San Jose, The let
ter contained In these packets reads as
follows :
SAN FKAN'CISCO, Kay 8. 1900.
Hon. J. G. Brick. President Board of Trus
' tee«. City of Alameda^Dear Sir: On May
E 13 1900, three contestant* will start from
this city on a bicycle relay race around
the bay of San Francisco with a letter
6lml!ar to this, which will be In the pos
session of each rider. The one arriving
first will deliver the letter to you. I trust
you will eee fit to crown the successful
contestant and proclaim him victor. Re
spectfully. JAMES D. PHEL.AK, Mayor.
' The rider of the first relay, at the end
of his ten-mile run, hands the packet to
the man of his club who is to ride the
second relay, and the exchange is affect
od in a similar manner at the end of each
relay. These exchanges are made at
lull speed, the new courier usually going
down the road a short distance to get
under way before his man comes along.
The exchange can be made at any point
•within 100 yards of the end of the relay
on either side of the tape.
All went well with the riders of the
three teams until the end of the eighth
relay, when Bozio, the Olympic courier.
In changing the packet from his right to
¦ bis left hand to pass It to Kragness. the
1 next Olympic man. dropped the precious
bundle. They were going at such speed
that to stop within a hundred yards was
Impossible, and, as time was exceedingly
valuable. Kragness kept on going, Bozio
handing him his handkerchief, which
Kragness In turn passed to Russ, the
Olympian on the tenth relay. Russ car
ried this across the tape in lieu of the
packet.
As a matter of fact the loss of the
Olympic packet did not affect the actual
result of the race one iota, as no time was
either gtalned or lost In the attempted
transfer. At a meeting between prom
inent officials <)f the Olympic and Garden
City dubs, held at the Olympic Club after
the race/ the Garden Citys insisted upon
a strict Interpretation of rule 10 of the
association relay rules, which is as fol
lows:
Each club contesting shall furnish the
rider of the firvt relay with a packet; said
packet must be transferred to the club's con
testant of each successive relay, the rider
of the last or tfnth relay to carry the
packet acroHs the line at the finish of the
109 miles.
The Olympics could probably have car
ried the matter before the association
with a pood chance of having their vic
tory confirmed, but they decided Instead
to yield to the Garden City's demand, and
the trophy passes to the San Jose Club.
Jt must be won three times to become the
final property of ajiy club, and the three
clubs have now an equal share In It, each
having the credit of one victory.
There were several protests registered
for alleged pacing, which is not per
missible under the rules. Bay City riders
were accused of accepting pace on the
second, third, sixth and ninth relays. A.
I* Hubbard, referee, at the end of the
sixth disqualified the Bay City courier of
that relay for this offense. The Garden
Citys also protested Against Russ. the
Olympian, on the tenth, accepting pace
from George P. Fuller, but withdrew the
charge upon hearing Fuller's own state
ment that he was out of training and
could not ride fast enough to pace Russ,
even If be 'were so Inclined.
In last year's race there was trouble
over packets on the first relay, and the
Garden City and Acme teams rode the
entire race without their packets. Before
th«» result of the race was determined the
four clubs agreed that this should In no
vrlee affect the result, and that the team
crossing the line first should be declared
victor, packet or no packet. The Olym
pics won, however, and the question. was
dot raised. After such sportsmanlike
treatment from the San Francisco clubs
th« latter feel that the Garden Citys are
not acting: very broadmindedly in insist
ing upon possession of the cup under a
Riders Who Played Prominent Parts in the Annual Bicycle Relay Race.
Bozio made a good ride for the Olym
pics on the eighth, bringing them up from
last to first place. The Bay Citys did not
lose much, but the Garden Citys fell back
quite a distance.
EIGHTH RELAY.
Warm Springs to two miles north of Centervllle.
Rifle and pistol shooters were out In full
force yesterday on the Shell Mound range,
members of six organizations partici
pating in their regular events. Light con
ditions were fairly good, but the wind was
not favorable for fine work with target
iirearms. It came In strong from the west
and frequently in gusts which kept the
marksmen guessing as to how to fix their
windages. For all this a number of good
scores were made. F. . E. Mason held in
his usual good form; making in the Golden
Gate Rifle and Pistol Club's medal event
£27 and 229 in ten short strings. J. Utschlg
of the Germanias carried off first honors
with 228 and 223. In this club's yearly
competition for cash prizes the pressure
Is becoming very great, dozens of good
three-shot scores being thrown out as of
no benefit to the shooters. F. P. Schuster
and K. Stettin improved their scores.
The members of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Club are looking forward to
the b;tr tournament to take place at Shell
Mound next Sunday and Monday. A large
number of prizes are offered and besides
those belonging to the club will hold their
annual eagle shoot. Nearly, all of 'the
prominent riflemen around the bay will
participate. The scores made yesterday
were as follows;
Germania Schuetzen Club monthly medal
shoot and prize competition, two 10-shot scores,
2o-rin£ taruet: First champion class — J. Ut
schig. 223. 223 rings; second champion class —
it. fcuttin, 212, iSj; first class— J. F. Briasea,
2i6, Ii2; second class— Augtu-t Jungblut, 2J4;
tmrd ciass— J. Ueuttler, 181. 15$; beet first shot
— It. Stettin, 25; best last shot— J. Heuttier. 2*
Comjxrtitiun lor >:ash prizes, 3 shots, re-entry
— K. isteUin, 71 ; F. f. Schuster. 70.
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln monthly
medal contett. 20 shots. 23-rlng target: Cham
pion class— 1>. B. Faktor, 43* rings; tlrst class—
Not tilled; second class! — J. Lankenau, 3S7; third
class — H. Stelllng, 3aa: fourth class — J. Beuttler,
S63; best first snot — D. Saltield, 25; best laat
ehot— V. B. Faktor, 24.
NorCdeutscher Schuetzen Club monthly bulls
eye coalpit lor cash prizes, best centers, meas
ured by machine — First, W. Gottschalk, 122
points: second. F. Hum. 332; third. K. 1*. Schus
ter, 537; lourth, H. Sidling. 622; lifth, F. Kath
jen, 747; sixth, J. Lankenau, b22; seventh, F.
Koch. !>9S; eishth, J. Peters, »12; ninth. H.
Huber, 872: tenth. D. Salfield, S8S: eleventh. D.
Sthinkel, 1014; twelfth. G. Schutz, 10«7; thir
teenth. Captain J. Thode, 1100.
Gold«n Gate Rifle and Pistol Club re~-lar
competition lor class medals and special pnzis,
rifle, 21K> yiLtas, 10-shot scores, 25-rlng target:
Uushneil trophy— Dr. L. O. Rodgers. 217, 221
rlnas, F. E. Mason. 220. First c!ass trophy,
re-entry— A. B. Dorrell. 219. 217. 210, 215. 215,
2^0; C. M. Henderson, 207. Second class trophy
— G. Tannmeyer. 2*0, 1S2. Club gold medal—
C. M. Henderson, 203, 201. 222; F. E. Mason, 227.
212, 22'J; A. B. Dorrell, 218. Club Bilver medal—
Wi N. Unfred. 144; J. F. Bridges. 202, 13J.
I'lsiOl, SO yards, 10-shot scores, standard
American target: First class trophy — C. M.
Henderson, 75, 6S; J. F. Bridges. 76, 6i. Cham
rlon all-comers' trophy— J. E. Gorman, 97; M.
J. White. 63. Silver medal— F. E. Mason, 88.
Independent Rifles monthly class medal shoot.
10 shots. Blunt target, with musket— E Helmke,
CS; Charles Granz, 38; H. Mlesner, 13; George
Kellenberge;-, 29: C. Hering. 22: J. Helmborkel.
25: Lieutenant E. Moennlng. 37; H. Goetzen,
23; Charles Fredrickson. 27; Senseant G. Mitch
ell, 41: F. Skowran. 2G; H. Marzolf. 26; H.
Kuhike. 33; Sergeant H. Schlichtman. 23.
Companies C and G, N. G. C. (Nationals)
monthly medal Bhoot, 10 shots with musket on
the Blunt target— C. J. Weatherby. 37; T. Me-
Gilvery. 31: W. Mengel. 33; C. Garibaldi. 24;
C. R. Armstrong, 35; F. J. Barry. 2«: H. J.
MuFKrave, 40; A. H. Kennedy. 43; W. Gal
bralth, 37: L. W. Grant. 3S; J. J. Hyer, 23; G.
Atkins, 30; G. Munroe. 21; A. E. Anderson, 42;
A. S Hatneld. 41: F. J. Povey, 46; W. E.
Johnson,. 23; . W. D. Grant. * 30; F. L. Doelnj;.
24; J. L. Brambila. 23; H. May, 33: W. S. Grat
tan. 3S: A. J. Ruddock, 3i; C. Harding. 40;
L. II. Barilau. 22; R. Llppi. 14: E. F. Tucker,
23; C. B. Evans. 39; F. W.Held, 19; C. Mc-
Donald. 31: C. Meyer. 43; J. C. Roberts. 28;
W. 1. Unfred. 37; F. L. McNally. 40: W. J.
Boesert. 10: H. B. Hilton, 23: A. McElroy. 16;
G. Petty, 3S; F. F. Carson, 3G.
Riflemen on Shell Mound
Range Made Very
Good Scores.
THEY SHOT WELL
THOUGH A HEAVY
WIND WHISTLED
Handball Matches.
The handball games yesterday at Phil
Ryan's court resulted as follows:
D. Regan and J.Klrby 21 21 21
W. Foley. and -M.Klrby.. 14 12 IS
J Leonard and P. . Hutchinson.. .."..'.. 21 19 21
J. McLaushlin and D. O'Brien 10 21 13
G. McDonald and P. McKinnon. ..21 21 21
M. McNeil and L. Carralne .....19 15 17
B. Meyers and C. Lakin 21" 15 -21
M.' Levy and 8.' Wurkhelm 11 21 20
P. Ryan * and Q. B. Hay ward. ........ .21 21 21
W. Fisher and W. H. Sieberst.. 19 12 16
W. H. Sleberst and T. Leach....... ¦..'... 21 21 15
W. Hassell and E. Antron.. 14 19 21
E. ' Curley. champion • of Fort Bran,
and R. Murphy ......;..... 21 21 21
W. Maguire.and E. Toy 16 .14 19
E. Barry and R. Hauiman...........,21 21 21
J. Condon and T. Foley....... 13 1 18 w
G. B.' Haywarfl and W. H. Stapff......21 21 21
W. Fisher and T. iSerres... 13 20 12
R. Regll and E. ¦ White.. ......... .....21 21 20
A. -Whlteman : and J. Johnson .....10 9 21
R. Llnehan and J. Harlow..........21 in 13 21
J. White and II, J. Kilgallon......l2 10 21 18
Master Lawrence won the deciding
course In the open stake at Ingleslde
Coursing Park yesterday, with Prince Hal
as runner up. Lowe & Thompson's dog
was a surprise.' The work cut out for
him was of the hardest kind, but he
responded in good shape. . In the second
tie he beat Naughty Girl after a hard run
that lasted 2 minutes and 16 seconds.
The talent did not like his chances In
the next round, and made Tod Sloan
favorite against him, but Hal upset cal
culations by taking the flag in a hard
scoring run. He scored against One Spot
in the next tie, a punishing race, selling
short end at 1 to 4, and at the same odds
in the longest course of the day, a bye
with Cash Day, landed the money for his
few backers. He was all out when he
met the stake winner, who scored 32
points against his 4.
The winner 'was fortunate in having
short courses, but ran them well. In his
go with Rocker he won on the favor of
Chicago Boy was a 3 to 1 favorite in the
opening course, with Night Time, and,
though he got off well and led to the hare,
he weakened and lost the run.
St. Michael beat Wandering Tom at
1 to 2 In the first tie after an undecided
in a long race. Strand of Gold
showed some speed in the first tie, and
beat Morse Patrol, a 2 to 1 favorite. Low
lander, at 2 to 5, beat Battleship in the
second on merit, and in the next round,
again on the short end, beat Rienzi In
a close race, but went down before the
stake winner In the next round. -j
The -following are the day's results,
with Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
<-^ « D »nU» flr-it tie M. J. Kelly's Night
Ttaw bAt feiMrtl. AUen& Wilson's Chicago
niy 7_ 5 - j. Button's Mayflower beat W.
Stork's Thunderbolt. . 5-0; * BJ™L E 5ISP
Spot beat E. M. KellOKK's Kid McCoy, 11-8.
J. Button's Master L*?™™* .%** £2*"$ A jl"
len & Wilson's Belle Claire. 8-6. C. B.
Charles worth's Crawford -Lass beat J. Cav-
Sr Tulle 7-0- Kay Bros. 1 Hawker beat
M MlchU kl's TTrronlte. 4-2; Joe Thrift's St.
Michael beat J. J. O'Brien's Wandering Tom.
18-4 -H A Deckelman's Rocker beat D. Shan
nons Safeguard. 10-2: A. L. Austin's Firm Foe
WE Sett's Rey Del. 9-2: Connell Bros.'
Mamif"PIea"ant beat James Byrnes' Nellie B
7-2- R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's AVanda^ beat
J E Chamblll's Hot Foot. 7-b; R. E. de B.
Lopez & Son's Wonder beat James Byrnes'
Olympus. 6-5: Curtis & Son's McKlnley beat
Bartels Bros. 1 Best Bargain. 14-5: Lande &
Gerber ? s RIenzl beat Lowe & Thompson's
Klntr's Borderer, 4-3; A. Johnson's Lowlander
beat J. McNeil's Captain Byrnes fr-3- James
Byrnes' Battleship beat Conndl Bros.' Clover
6—0- D. Shannon's Strand of Gold beat Farley
Bros.' Morse ratrol. 5—3: A. Johnson's _ Tod
Sloan beat Farley Bros.' Cash Day^ 6-3; I^we
& Thompson's Prince Hal beat E. M. Kel-
Ioer'b Iowa Boy. 6-4; A. Van den > Burg's
Naughty Girl beat J. McNeil's Pearl Mac,
16— 12- J. Rothman'e Minerva a bye; J. McEn
roe's Admiral Sampson beat J. .Mooney*s Silent
Treasure, 4-2; J. P. Thrift's Forsret beat D.
K Carter's Tottle C, 10-3; F. A. McComb's
One Spot beat J. Kennedy's Wine West. 8-2.
Second tie-Mayflower beat Night Time, 9-6;
Master Lawrence beat Eleven Spot, 3—0; Hawk
er beat Crawford Lass. 6—1; Rocker beat St.
Michael. 14— 2: Mamie Pleasant beat Firm Foe,
5—2- Wanda beat McKlnley, 6—4; Rienzi beat
Wonder 10—8 ; Lowlander beat Battleship, 6—1 ;
Tod Sloan beat Strand of Gold, 5-4; Prince Hal
beat Naughty Girl, 7— 5; Minerva beat Admiral
Sampson. 11—8: One Spot beat Forget, 4—0.
Third - tie— Mayflower beat Hawker, 14—8;
Mapter- Lawrence beat Rocker, 6—0 Mamie
Pleasant beat Wanda. 8—2; Lowlander beat
RIenzl, 6—4; Prince Hal beat Tod Sloan, 15 — 11;
One Snot beat Minerva, 7—1.
Fourth tie— Mamie Pleasant beat Mayflower,
6 3- Master Lawrence beat Lowlander, E — 0;
Prince Hal beat One SDOt. 14—9.
Fifth tie — Master Lawrence beat Mamie
Pleasant, 6—2; Prince Hal a bye.
Final— Master Lawrence beat Prince Hal,
32-4.
Prince Hal Lands in Second
Plac9 and Surprises
the Talent.
SPEE DY MASTER
LAWRENCE WINS
AT INGLESIDE
Eugene Geary's young greyhound, Palo
Alto, defeated Luxor, the champion of
the coast, at Union Coursing Park yester
day, shutting out the Curtis crack point
less. -Palo Alto led to the hare, took two
turns out of it and killed, thus winning
by a score of 6 to 0. The duration
of the course was only seventeen sec
onds. The hare favored Luxor slightly,
so that Palo Alto earned all the credit In
defeating the former. , After disposing of
the champion, he met Theron, whom he
defeated easily. Mose was the next vic
tim, and then he met James Dean's Con
nemara, winner of many stakes. At the
first attempt they ran an undecided
course, the score being 2 to 2. Palo Alto
led by three lengths, but faltered a little
and the hare bent to Connemara. He
took two turns out of it, when Palo Alto
knocked It off its feet. He was allowed 1
point for this and 1 for speed, Connemara
earning his 2 points in tne turns.
They went back to slips again. This
time Palo Alto led by eight lengths a
portion of the way, getting the first turn
by five lengths. He then ran up a se
quence of 12 points before Connemara
could get in. When the latter did so he
scored 6 points. Including the kill, and
had to be content with being runner-up
to the peerless Palo Alto.
The English dog. Rural Artist, was
beaten by Mose by a score of 4 to 3. His
trial was a satisfactory one to the people
interested in him, as he, showed himself a
high-class greyhound.
In the first round of the* stake four ol
the eight favorites lost. Connemara beat
Flying Fox, 5 to 3; Theron beat Cavalier,
2 to 1; Palo Alto beat Luxor, 5 to 3, and
Royal Union beat Re-Annex, 5 to 3. Mas
ter Clalr defeated Ireland at 2 to 1. Ire
land was leading, but the hare turned to
Master Clalr.
The reserve stake was won by Curtis
& Son's Vulcan, For Glory being runner
up. The surprise of ihe day was the
showing made by Hot Haste. On Satur
day ho had a two-minute course and il
was thought he was out of the running.
He came back full of speed and was one
of the last four dogs in. In the next to
the last round he met For Glory, the
latter winning by a score of 3 to 2. The
hopes of the backers of Hot Haste were
raised for one brief moment. Judge Grace
inadvertently displayed the wrong signal
to the flag boy, but corrected the erroi
the instant it was made.
The coursing throughout the various
rounds of the stake was of high class,
the dogs being unusually well matched.
The attendance was larger than usual.
The biggest upset of the day was the
defeat of Boney Boy by Master Gordon,
the former being favorite at odds of 8 to
1. Echo beat ' Overture at 5 to 1; Juat
Tip beat Thorndale, 2 to 1; J. L. R. beat
Julius Caesar, 5 to 3; Sleigh Bells beat
Lexington, 5 to 4; Hot Haste beat Thorn
hill. & to 3.
The results in detail, with Judge John
Grace's official scores, follow: , '
Champion stake— Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Master Clalr beat H. Lynch's Lottie M. ft— 0;
E. Geary's Ireland beat D. Winder's Risky At
tempt. 4—0; J. Dean's Connemara beat Curtis
& Son's Flying Fox, 7—5; O. W. Heintz's Her
schel's Pride beat Erwln & Lyon's May Queen,
*— 5; George Whitney's Theron beat Curtis &
Son's Cavalier. 7—6; Eugene Geary's Palo Alto
beat Curtis & Sen's Luxor, 6—0: P. J. Rellly's
Royal Union beat B. •Silver's Re-Annex, 4—0-
R. L. Taylor's Mose beat Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist, 4—3.
Second round— Master Clalr beat Ireland S—
I; Connemara beat Herschel's Pride, Z—2- Palo
Alto beat Theron. 5—2; Mose beat Royal Union,
& — 1.
Third round— Connemara beat Master Clalr
&-«; Palo Alto beat Mose. 5—2.
Deciding course— Palo Alto beat Connemara,
12—6. ,
Reserve stake— R. L.; Taylor's Beauty Spot
beat Captain Clarkson's Headwater, 4—1; Cur
tis & Son's Blackette beat Condrey & Roueht's
Flying Crest, 17— 1; Bartels Brothers' Beer
Brewer beat Gus Abercrombte's - Rock Island
Boy, 7-2; Sterl & Knowles' OUta beat Aeneld
Kennels' Maid of Erin, 4—0; p. McCabe's
Boney Boy beat Curtis & Son's Cash, 7— 5; A.
Vanderwhtte's Master Gordon, a bye. Miss
Gurzle withdrawn; D. "Winder's Random Aim
beat J. M. Peterson's Sandow, 4—1; Sterl &
Knowles' For Glory a bye. Cruiser withdrawn;
J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste beat T. J. Cro
nln's Thornhlll. 7—3; Pasha Kennels' Reckless
Archer a- bye, Shylock Boy withdrawn: C. W.
Bonner"s Bowery Boy a bye, Walt A Little
withdrawn: Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mlat beat
AL Austin's Los Angeles. 7—1: R. E. de B.
Carmencita beat J. Keenan's Mlra
B ? 0 , nt %.^*~ 1; J - L- R os»" Jaat Tip beat A!. Aus
tin's Thorndale, 17—11; Curtis & Son's Commo
dore beat T. J. Cronln's Maid of Ball. 4—3;
F A. McComb's Little Sister beat A. Masseys
Hadlwlst. 4—1; J. Holden's Scottish Chief beat
Erwln &. Lyon's Silver Wings, 4-3: M. Dun
lea's Erin beat T. J. Cronln's Vandal. 9—3; W.
C. Glassan's Sleigh Bells beat H. Lynch's Lex
ington, ft— 2; Curtis <fc Son's Vulcan beat N. P.
TVhltng's St. Anthony. 12-8; J. Carroll's
Auckland beat J. R. Smith's Petronius. 6-2;
™ D ?JV d 8 Sl ?ootover beat , G. Abercromble's
Victor King. 4-2; Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne
beat T. Sullivan's Castle Island Boy, IS— 8-
Curtis & Son's. Echo beat Harrlgan & "Wle-
KancTs Overture. 6— 2; Aeneld Kennels" Athena
beat J." Carroll's Blue Stone, J-r; P. J. Rellly's
Grafter beat" Pasha Kennels' Round About
4-2;; Curtis & Son's Old Glory beat J. Mar-
Defeats Him Pointless and
Beats Connemara for
the Slake.
% *
PALO ALTO IS
TOO FAST FOR
MIGHTY LUXOR
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, ; MONDAY, JsiA. x 14, 19OO.
In the; Opening Match of the Season the Former
Champions Win With a Lead of More Than
One Hundred Runs.
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS ARE
TOO MUCH FOR PACIFICS
OLYMPIANS WIN AND LOSE
THE CYCLERS' RELAY RACE
Edwin Russ Crosses the
Finishing Line First, but
Without the Package,
Which Bozio Dropped
on the Eighth Relay.
Garden City Wheelman
Claim -Trophy on Tech
nicality and Winners
Relinquish Cup With
out Protest.
6
APVEBTISTnVTrTNTS.
-—---¦- — -- --- — -- --- - - - ' ' ' ¦ ' - -^
These Are
the Most
Successful
Specialists i
In America.
Free !
Consultation.
No Pay
Till Cured.
731 Market St., S. F.
Elevator Entrance. HOURS — Dally. 8
to 6; Evenings. 7 to 8; Sundays. 3 to 11
HOME CURES. FREE BOOK.
-
THE WINNER "
Of yesterday's great relay race
rode a
Cleveland
....BICYCLE
22 out 0! the 30 riders who par-
ticipated selected Clevelands for
their mounts.
Experienced Riders
Recogmz: Cleveland quslity.
LEAVITT & "BILL, Agents,
309 Larkin St. S. F.
20 San Pablo Ave., Oakland.
Cleveland Bicycles sell for
$40 and $50.
MARKETbT sF^fff
~S^ 17 >V ee if ble ' mnd and "liable. Causa
hiairhxul'rl^rliy 0001111 ' 19 ¦*«W« «*
regularities^ Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
Btlpatlon, Piles and all derangements of tls»
Internal \lscera. 23c a box. At DrngrsUu. or
by mail. RADWAY & CO.. Naw York.HOW THE NEV/ CROSS
TOWN LINE WILL RUN
Will Open From Hall of Justice to
Tenth and Bryant Streets Next
Thursday.
Commencing Thursday morning next th«
electric cars on the Montgomery an<J
Tenth street line will te operated be
tween the Hall of Justice, at the corner
of Kearny and Washington streets, and
the corner cf Tenth and Bryant streets.
via "Washington, Montgomery, Post and
Iy=avenworth streets. Park avenue. Grove
Oak and Tenth streets.
One-half of the cars bearing red signs
¦will run via the corner of Post and Lea
ven-worth str<?ets and the alternate cars,
bearing- yellow signs, will run via the cor
ner of Taylor and Eddy streets.
Transfers will be issued and received as
follows:
Outbound cam will issue transfers — To in
bound California street horse cars at Mont
gomery etreet; to outbound Second street cars
at Market street; to outbound Ellis and O'Far
rell etr*»et cars at Ellis street crossing:; to in
bound Ferries. Park and Ocean cars at corner
of Turk and Leavenworth etreets, or at corner
of Turk and Taylor *tre«ts — as preferred: to
outbound Hayes street cars at Polk street; to
outbound Haight. Castro and Valencia street
cars at Polk street; to outbound cars of all
lints operated on Ml?sion 'street at Tenth
etr»*>t; to outbound Foisom street cars at Tenth
etrt-et; to outbound Bryant and Brannan street
and >::ctih and Ulffhteenth street cars at Tenth
etre-et.
Outbound car* will receive transfers— From
southbound cars on Kearny street at Wash
ing-ton ttreet; from inbound Sacramento street
«.nd Washington and Jackson street cars at
corner of Baer&zner.to and Montgomery streets:
from outbound California street horse cars at
Montgomery ftreet; from outbound Market
etreet cars at Port street ; from southbound cars
on Powell etr^et at Post street: from inbound
Elli« and O'KarwIl street cars at corner of
Kills and leaver. worth street* or at corner of
Eddy and Leaven worth «treet«; from inbound
Ii&yes street cars at Polk street.
Inbound cars will Issue transfer*— To out
bour.d Hayes street cars at Polk street; to out
bound Ellis and OTarrell street cars at Ellis
rtr*>et cro»*ingr <passen«rer* on cars running via
Taylor ptre^t may transfer at corner of Tay
lor and Ellin strt^tK, or may walk via Leaven-
Worth street irom Turk ftreet to Ellis street,
es they prrferi; to northbound cars on Pow
ell *trr-n at Popt street; to inbound Market
etr«>t rare at Port rtrpot: to Inbound California.
rtf-f-t horw earR at Montgomery rtreet; to out
bound Sacramento s>tr»*t rnd Washington and
Jackson rtrcft car* at corner of Clay and
Montgcrof-ry struts; to northbound cars on
Kearny rtreet at Washington street.
Inbound rars will receive transfers— From In
bound Brjant t>tr*-et and Eirhth and Elchte^nth
rtr*et cars at Tenth «tr**t: from inbound Fol
fom rtre«-t cans at T«*nth street; from Inbound
cars of all lln^s operated on MiBFlon street at
Trnth ctrwt; Jrora Inbound Halght, Caftro and
Valencia «trfft cars at Polk street; from in
treund Hay«? »-tre*>t cans at Polk street; from
outbound Ferriee, Park and Ocrui cars at any
of the oroMsinffs of Turk or Eddy street with
Iypav*Ti worth or Taylor street; from inbound
Hill* and O'Farrell etreet cars at Ellis street
crossing: from Inbound Second street cars at
:.'.:.'. n<t etre«>t; from outbound California street
horve cars at Montgomery atreet.
All transfers will be Issued subject to
the condition that passengers riding on
transfers from the Ellis and O'Farrell
Ftrept or Hayes-street lines will not be
given transfers to the other of those lines.
BURGLAR DOES BOLD
WORK IN CHINATOWN
Man Sing's Place Robbed and Its
Proprietor Assaulted b7 toe
Murderous Thitf.
A burglary was committed In the resl
flenee of Alan Hlngr W* SpoJTord alley. Sat
urday night. The: thief not only ee
cured Jewelry and clothing to th« value
Grief That Came to Mrs. Simen
While Taking Her Infant to
Children's Hospital.
The baby of Mrs. Ola Simen, who re
sides at the Holden House, Seventh and
Wood streets, Oakland, died yesterday
while being wheeled in a carriage by its
mother in this city. The grief of tho
stricken woman at the death of her in
fant was pitiful.
Mrs. Simen Js the wife of a seafaring
man. She reached here on the 1 o'clock;
boat with her baby, intending to take it
FOUND HER BABY HAD
DIED IN ITS CARRIAGE
A supreme effort is being made by the
local Board of Health to rid the city of
rats. The rodents have become so num
erous and daring In their wanderings that
a halt has been called. A rat-killing ex
pedition was Inaugurated yesterday and
"Brick" Johnson, the driver of the City
and County Hospital ambulance, had
charge of the operating forces. Poisoned
nsh were placed in the sewers of China
town and other parts of the city under his
direction and within a short space of time
the hungry pests were eating voraciously.
The results were disastrous. Enough
poison was innoculated into each fish to
kill an army of rats. Every bite brought
death, but the unwise rodents took little
heed of the havoc the denizens of tho
deep were playing in their ranks. It is
EXTERMINATED A HORDE
OF RAVENOUS RODENTS
EOTEIi ABRIVAIiS.
HOTEL.
D C Mitchell & w. New
Castle
J Goldman, Merced
H L Smith, Cal
A E Nutt. S Diego
W Kavanaugh. Sacto
C M Allen, N T
A D Dunn. E?condido
W T Knox, Sacto
B Parlow. Placervllle
E B King. Harford
E E Raymond. Boston
G Kilburn&w. Newman
E T Conley. USA
A W Eaton. N Y
R T Winston. Chicago
W Emmett&w.Belmont
J J Conner. Sallna
C Welsh.' Xeedles
T C Robie. Needles
J Bird. Merced
C E Glldden, Upton
C N Roeder, Madera
R N Ragan. Arizona
T French. Las Vegas
G Frost. Ri verside
C Holland, S Diego
W R Guy. S Diego
H E White. L Ang
W Trost, Mont
G A Buell. Stockton
W Eaaten. Nev
Dr Rustles, Stockton
W Walters. Sacto
J McDonogh. Cal
Mrs Ingham, Seattle
HOTEL.
J G Delaney, N Y ¦
A W Rhodes & w.New
Zealand
Air and Mrs Davls.Nw
Zealand
Mr Bishoft & w, Lndn
B W Hahn, Pasadena
S W Relmer, N Y
J Hudson & w, X Y
Mrs B Mellhenney.Cal
Miss S Mellhenney.Cal
J Mcllhenney. RedFlds
B Whltcomb, Boston
E A Blnckerhoff, N J
Mrs Blnckerhofr. N J
Miss Binckerhoff, X J
Margaret Blnckerhoff.
N J
Helen M Blnckerhoff.
N J
Janet Blnckerhoff, NJ
E Martenson & w. 111
A Adame, Durango
G B Daniels. Durango
T C Bach & w, Mont
J Kldder & w, Qn Val
G Smith. N Mex
\V S Donnelly. Denver
A J Barnes, N Y
S A Komato. N Y
J M Leonard Sc w.Nev
!RN HOTEL.
J C Scott. Antloch
J E Hall. Bodega
A J Anderson, Benicia
H C Ohl. Port Costa
J W Bowman. Cal
W Chlnn, Vallejo
L Forsberg. Greenwood
A Carey, San Jose
PALACE
B I Wheeler. Berkeley
Mrs Wheeler. Berkeley
D H Perry, Sydney
F Rockfeller, Clevelnd
Mrs H Johnson. Mass
M1E8 F Stevens, Mass
H H avens, Stanford
E A Smith Jr, Stanfrd
Sam Floy, N Y
Fol Floy. N Y
P Hendrlck, N Y
T Frazler. N Y
J Gilderslieve. Stanfrd
L L. Rosenthal, Chicag
J L Eastland, Chicago
T H Blake, Oakland
J T Bland, Oakland
R B Smith. Mont
F R Hlrd,»Mont.
J M Fox. Mont
C R Stewart, S Diego ,
F S Duncan. N Y
L E Rhodes, Orlando
J C Holland. Erie, Pai
E Sanders, Los Ani i
C E Foute, Los Ang
W H Davis, Sacto
K E Oftbler.-.N-Y"',
J Uarmether, N Y
A Frank. Boston
K F Drake & w, N T
P E Bomers & w. N Y
NEW WE.STE
P J White. Vallejo
C A Seymour. Portland
B Fisher, Ohio
W H Price, San Die^o
E H Hamblin. Fresno
T J Fitzgerald, Modsto
II Grennon. Ukiah
H Fredericks, Fresno
GRAND
J S Fojrcr. O S A
E T Oonley. USA
J McGllvray&w. Stnfd
Miss R Moore, I- Ang
S T Lutz. L. Angr
L Moesch Liverpool
H C Rodmar. Vallejo
W L Spenser, N V
A M i:ngle. S Cruz
A B Willey. Vallejo
C AVreden&w. Vallejo
J FiRueroa, S Quentln
P C Black, Oakland
A S Allen. Astoria
J T Fuller, Oakland
XV S Cram. Portland
H C Austin. Boise
J Tai?«rart. S Barbara
W K Poole, Phoenix i
JJ1 Meredith. L An?
G Kelley. S Bernardino
\V Knieomb. S Ber'dlno
W Hopper. S Ber'dino
A Kendall. S Ber'dlno
A G Nason. S Die^o
n Oollle- Jr S Dlcgo
J Rice&w. S Diego
K Warinp. Topeka
J Forward. S Diego
R Wrightson, N Y
C C Hakea. S Diego
W Doddridge, S Diego
F Chapman, Covlna
L Mathews. Covlna
Mrs Conley, Deer Ldfre
Mi*s Heasey. Deer Ldg
A J Faulk. Chicago
The Epworth League.
The Epworth League held services at
the Howard-street Methodist Church last
evening. Rev. Dr. Wilson addressed the
congregation and urged all young people
to join the league.
Funeral of Ernest Schumacher At
tended, by Hundreds of Friends
Who Admired Him.
In the presence of hundreds who knew
and loved him well, the body of Ernst
Schumacher was laid away yesterday in
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
All day a throng of friends passed In
and out of the home of the deceased 20
Hill street, for there were few men better
known throughout the Mission, and there
were many who wished to pay the last
poor tribute to his memory by following
his bier to the grave.
There was no display and nothing elab
orate at the funeral. Short, simple ser
vices were all that were said over the
casket In the house and then the pro
cession took up its way to the cemetery.
There again was another, short prayer
and then the earth closed over the dead.
The pallbearers were all old friends.
They were Charles Hummel, J. Hefty, A.
Jacobson, H. SJober. H. Syricker and A.
Cotter.
LAST RITES OVER A WELL
KNOWN MISSION RESIDENT
R. Kondo, president of the Nippon
Yusen Kaisha, and hi3 party returned to
San Francisco last night from Puget
Sound. They are at the Palace.
Colonel C. C. C. Carr, U. S. A., arrived
from the East last night, on his way to
the Philippines, and is at the Occidental.
Dr. W. P. Matthews of Sacramento and
Dr. Ruggles of Stockton, members of the
State Board of Health, are at the Grand.
H. B. Miller, a business man of Chung
king, China, and his daughter. Miss Laura
Miller, are guests at the Palace.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson
came down from Gazelle yesterday and 13
at the Occidental. •
Louis Kahn, a merchant of Oakdale, 13
at the Palace.
' Frank A. Cressey, a banker of Modesto,
ls at the Lick.
J. Harrell, a big land-owner of Vlsalla,
is at the Lick.
E. R. Gifford, a merchant of Auburn, 13
at the California.
Guy A. Buell, a lumber dealer of Stock
ton, is at the Grand.
Henry Auger and wife of Paris are
guests at the Palace.
State Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San
Juan is at the Palace.
¦\V. R. Guy, a business man of San
Diego, is at the Grand.
J.' D. Coughlin. a cattleman of Lake
view. Or., is at the Lick.
E. J. Cox, an attorney of Hollister, and
wife are at the California.
J.. D. Carr, an extensive land-owner of
Salinas, is at the Occidental. '?.*'¦*¦'•'¦
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANY one who would ask for a better
vaudeville show than Is now pre
sented at the Orpheum for the
price would most certainly be un
reasoname. The new bill is without doubt
one ot the best the house has presented
uiid it was -welcomed Dy an audience mat
overuovscu tne aisles tu me doors. U'ne
newcomers are unusually numerous and
or good quality and tne action is rapid
anu satisfactory.
i-zra iveno.au is the main attraction and
ne Kept tne nouse in a roar irom start to
nnisn. he has brought out a lot of iresh,
crap joKes tnat are nred orf with great
rapiuuy ana success. On nis last visit
some of his iun was rattier too oroad tor
uie conitort ot the renned portion of tne
auuitnee, t*ui on tnis occasion his work in
this line is more on tne narrow-gauge.
However, it is uroad eiiougu to satibiy
ail parts of the house.
Louise Gunning is going to make lots of
fnenas among tne rfcotch residents of San
i - rancisco. tone siti^s just a lew stinpiv
songs, but is one ot the hits of the bill.
Charles Lirick does some wonderful work
with a big barrel. The Newsooys' Quin
tet is as popuiar as ever and tne Musicol
lvleists do an act which lor novelty and
originality exceis any act of its kina seen
here in many moons. Milton and Dollie
Nobles scored another success in "Why
Walker Reformed." This little sketca
alone is well worth the price of admis
sion. Ihe holdovt-rs. Will K. Bates and
Mark Sullivan, were well received and tne
new pictures on the biograph made a de
cided hit.
• • •
"The Wizard of the Nile" at the Tivoli
promises to break the record in the mat
ter of a successiul run at that house. To
night it will enter upon the fifth' week and
it has eclipsed the returns of the "Idol's
Eye." Lavish preparations are being made
for the production of the striking- opera,
"The Three Guardsmen."
"The Evil Eye" began its second and
final week at the Columbia last night to a
good house. The play has been successful
and the last performance will be given on
Sunday night next. It is to be followed by
the John Drew company in "The Tyranny
of Tears." a play that has become famous.
The advance sale will open on i'tiursuay
morning and promises to be very large.
At the Alcazar the clever stock com
pany will present to-night the bright,
wholesome drama, "The Maister of Wood
Barrow." The rehearsals indicate an ex
cellent production.
The Grand will present to-night the mu
sical comedy. "The Lady Slavey." Special
preparations have been made for an ar
tistic production.
The Chutes has several new offerings
that are pronounced by the management
to be excellent. A number of vaudeville
stars will make their first appearance and
promise to be entertaining.
• • •
As the engagement of James Nelll at
the California Theatre begins to draw to
its successful close, the versatility of the
actor assumes new proportions. Last night
he appeared as "Beresford Cruger."
a part in which Nat Goodwin won
his greatest popularity in this city,
yet many times during the perfor
mance of "An American Citizen" last
night it was a question open to discussion
as to which made the most acceptable
Beresford. Goodwin possesses a most
striking Individuality — Neill possesses all
the conscientiousness and polish of a fin
ished actor. Goodwin excels Nelll in com
edy scenes— Neill excels Goodwin in the
love passages.
Aside from Mr. Neill, in many of the
situations it was Miss Chapman's night
to shine. In the scene of the floral fete
at Nice her costume of violets was a rev
elation. Frank MacVicars as Peter Bar
bury was the same careful and reliable
actor as he has been In every part he
has played here and the same may be
said of John W. Burton, as Sir Humph
rey Bunn. George Bloomquest appeared
in the small part of Willie Bunn and Rob
ert Morris had little to do as Otto Stroble.
Grace Mae Lamkin was the Lady Bunn.
and Lillian Andrews was tearfully capi
tal as Carola Chapin. Julia Dean
has a part that fits her pleas
ing personality like a glove. Ben
jamin Howard as Egerton Brown,
while possessing a valuable voice, con
stantly gives the impression that he is
suffering from that tired reeling. This
has been noticeable in several roles which
he has pleyed during the present engage
ment, and an effective spring tonic ls sug
gested as a waker-up for this talented
young man. Emmet Shackelford impart
ed to the role of Bimms. the valet, a most
interesting Individuality. Several new
and highly artistic stage settings were
again shown. The house was crowded
with a most apreclative audience, and
some people who started to leave before
the final curtain were hissed back into
their seats. "An American Citizen" will
do a big week's business. The third act ia
particularly good, and Mr. Neill's quiet
work earned him four well deserved cur
tain calls.
PLAY PEOPLE AND
THEIR OFFERINGS
. «
NEW YORK, May 13.— Spenser Wilkin
son of London, in an article "How Long
Will the Boer War Last?" which will ap
pear in the forthcoming edition of Les
lie's Weekly, says:
In the summer of 18S1 there were Drobably
few men in or out of the United States who
foresaw that the war of secession would last
for tour years: if any one had that opinion he
cained little credence for it at that time. In
June, . 1S66, only those who had special oppor
tunities of knowing the condition of the Prus
sian army foresaw that the Austrian empire
would be. suing for peace within six weeks of
the outbreak of the then pending hostilities.
The duration of a war depends partly upon
the nature of the country in which it ls waged,
but more upon the relative resources of. the
two belligerents and the energy and determina
tion which each of them throws into it. The
lost named is probably the most important fac
tor. 1 have from the beginning expected that
the Boers would make a. desperate fight. Ac
cording to their view the cause for which they
are in arms is that of their .independence or
their- national existence, and for this cause
every community fights harder and longer than
for any other.
Great Britain Is fighting for the unity of her
empire and for the moral existence of the
British nation. It ls a cause which appeals
less directly to the intelligence of the masses
than that of Independence, and the dispropor
tion between the resources of the British and
those of the Boers is so great that neither the
British Government nor the constituencies, by
whose tone it is accustomed to guide Itself.
ls abie to realize the importance of extreme
exertions to bring the war speedily to an end.
In the present case the British Government—
the group of politicians in charge of the na
tion's affairs— is not yot more than half awake,
and if the provision heretofore made for the con
duct of the war should prove Insufficient there
would be considerable delay before fresh ex
ertions by way of preparation would produce
a visible result. „
I hardly expect the resistance of the Boer
armies in the field to be prolonged for much
more than three months, but I should not be
surprised it the effective occupation of the
whole country required a further six months of
continuous effort. . ,
There are now under the command of Lord
Roberts altogether 190,000 men. and even if the
most liberal deductions be made for casualties
of all sorts, for Invalids, for garrisons left on
the communications and for troops stationed
in the districts lately disaffected, and If we
allow that there may be In Natal 40,000 to
Bupply a field force of 30, OW. there is still
abundant material for Lord Iloberts to attack
the Boers with a force outnumbering their
whole army. On the lowest estimate of what
the British commander in Natal can do he
must hold fast a respectable fraction of the
Boer forces. The remainder cannot, without
great danger, fight a pitched battle against
Lord Roberts, for in that case his attack will
certainly envelop them and Involve them in
disaster. At the best they can delay him and
harass his communications. It is little more
than a month's march from Bloemfontein to
Pretoria. The Boers, by the various expedi
ents open to- them, of rear guard actions and of
raids on the communications, may prolong this
time by a couple of months: but in the process,
even though they should escape crushing de
feat, their army would be used. After that
ther* i» nothing left to them but guerrilla
warfare or the attempt at a wholesale "trek"
to the north.
This appears to me to be the normal forecast,
but I have no personal knowledge either of
the country or the people and there are many
unknown elements which conceal various possi
bilities which I cannot gauge. The whole of
South Africa ls inhabited by Kaffir tribes, who
far outnumber all the white settlers. If the
Kaffirs were to join in the fight on one side
or the other no one can foresee what would
happen. A second set of possibilities lies In
the general course of the world's affairs. The
longer the duration of the war the greater th«
scope for the occurrence of unexpected events
in some other quarter of the globe, which
might modify the whole situation.
Spenser Wilkinson Reviews
the South African
Situation.
WAR WILL LUST
THREE MONTHS
AT THE LEAST
"In San Francisco we have an example
of a good city charter with a very un
wise provision. That provision is the
clause that allows the Mayor to remove
at will any member of any public com
mission. There is thus established a 'one
man' power, something that should not
exist under any conditions, not alone to
spoil a city charter that is In many ways
a model.
"Instead of allowing the chief execu
tive of the municipality he right to de
pose a Commissioner, these officials
should hold office for a stated period.
"Until the branches of city government
are separated we must do the best we
can under the present inefficient ma
chinery." m
"Our organizations of city governments
are unadapted to good government. We
tried once in this city to separate the
branches of the municipal government.
The Board of Public Works under the
present charter before its amendment was
the beginning of a reorgonization, but the
people of Oakland were moved by ignor
ance and prejudice to amend it. As a re
sult, we have such a thing- as the City
Attorney called on to pass legally on his
actions as a member of the Board of Pub
lic Works. We find the City Attorney
bringing suit against the president of the
Beard of Public Works for the actions of
that official while Auditor. We find all
these Inconsistent things going on be
cause of the amendment of our city
charter.
"Under our present system of govern
ment of our cities one branch not only
collects the taxes, but has unrestricted
power to spend the money so raised,
were the cities of this country to model
their charters according to the great fun
damental principles of the Federal Con
stitution now different this would b«.
There would be officers whose duty it
would be to raise funds, and others who
would be responsible for their disposi
tion. Reverse the conditions of Federal
Government as they exist and you would
have an open door to corruption. If the
Congress of the United States had the
power to levy and also to spend the
money raised by taxation all the charges
made against city government could be
hurled against the Congress of the United
States.
He said, in part
"While the municipal governments of
the United States collect annually an
amount of money as great as that requir
ed by the Federal Government of the
country, the systems of disposal of these
vast amounts of money are altogether dif
ferent. The Government of me Cnited
States is divided into three great
branches— legislative, executive and judi
cial. One branch raises the money for
the expenses of government by levying
taxes, while the other I divisions are
checKs on the injudicious expenditure of
that money.
"A Better Civic Spirit" was the sub
ject this evening of a lecture by Colonel
John P. Irish at the Unitarian Church
under the auspices of the Starr King
Fraternity. Colonel Irish's speech was
the last of a series of Sunday evening dis
cussions on the subject of "The Greater
Oakland."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 13.
He Declares the Constitution
of the United States a
Perfect Model.
COLONEL IRISH
PICKS FLAWS IN
MUNICIPALITIES
In addition. Lane takes up the point
madn by J. J. Dunne, attorney for the
petitioners, in which he shows that
neither Alvord nor Tobin ever was dis
missed or resigned from the department,
and that therefore they were entitled to
redmnent. In answer, he calls attention
to the fart that there are numerous other
PX-Commissioners who never resigned or
•were dismissed from the department, and
he declares that if the contention be a
valid one In the case of Tobin and Al
vord, all the others who served, no mat
ter how short a time, can come forward
and claim equal rights.
Krorn these consideration*, without going into
;-r.y more thorcueh analysis Of the statute or
cf the rirtits of th» parties. I am of opinion
that your board has no pawer to grant the ap
plicaticr.s herein considered
(t) The Leg:s'.atur«* could not have intended
to include Commissioners under the pension
law for the further reason that ordinarily such
Commissioners are frequently changed and
there in no orr-ortunity for them to spend
twenty years in office. It happened in this in
stance cwing to the peculiar form of the stat
ute and the fact that it was not repealed until
the adcptlon cf the new charter, that their term
at office was unusually long. It ls claimed
that this loacttay and meritorious rerviee en
titles the applicants to liberal consideration at
the hand* of the present board. While *uch
long ar.d faithful performance of public duty
is alwHj -9 deserving of the highest appreciation,
euch appreciation should come from the people
at large; the jruardlaos of a trust fund are not
»t liberty to broaden and enlarge a fixed class
of beneficiaries so as to include claimants whom
they mr.jr deem particularly worthy cf public
oortf-identtion.
(5) The Board of Police Commissioners is the
civil heart at a quasi military body. The mem
bers of euch administrative board are not mem
bers of the Police Department except in the
broadest meaning of the expression. The Secre
tary of War conducts the vast affairs of the
army and yet. as Attorney General Win has
eaid. "he does not compose a part of the
arrr.y." tr> in the present instance it can prop
erly be said that the members of the Board of
Police Cr rrmisfioTiers. though at the head of
the Police I>t-nartmem. were not members of
such organized department within the sense of
the pension law. They were without "rank" in
the der&ru«*-m upon which the amount of all
pensions depends.
(4) In the endeavor of the applicants to bring
themselves within Xbr term? of the statute it is
conceded by them that upon retirinc upon the
S'er.sion requested, they would nevertheless con
tinue members of the department and subject
to report and to be as-sipn.r.1 to duty as required
cf other pensioners. V. hat duties ex-memb^rs
of the Police Commtalofl might be aKipned by
the Chief of Police to jwrform are not men
tioned. The lopical ani only possible result of
the contention cf the present applicants ls that
ex-Poiiee Commissioners must serve as patrol
men if ordered to by the Chief of Police. A
OKMtmcttaa which make* such a conclusion in
t-vitaMe would give the Legislature very slight
cred.t Cor ir.teUitrence.
(1) The I'olice Con'Tiisslcn has b«en vari
ously constituted during the history of the city.
At cr.e liiiif the memUni of the iioard of £u
jxirv:sors exercised its duties. At another time
It v.-as composed of the prerident of the Board
cf Supervisory, the Police Judge and the Chief
ct Police, who »«>re denominated the Poiice
Gomistaion. It »',ll not be seriously contend
ed that the** individuals were "duly appointed
or eeiecu-d memtx-rs cf the regularly consti
tuted Police Detriment." If not, then the
pert-ens composing the Police Commission as
existing immediately prior to the charter were
tot BDcb members.
O The law «as intended to benefit those who
pav* 1 their full time to the regular service, not
to tho*e who as Commissioners were required
to devote but & Fm&ll share of their attention
to their duties connected with the department
and who ran none of the risks incident to serv
ice in vh<? department.
(3) Two ooliara per month was deducted from
the ealary of each regular police officer as a
contribution to the fund. No such deduction
was made from the Commissioners' salary.
They did not contribute toward the fund in any
way. The commission might very well have
been comitosed cf those whose services were
given without salary, a? was the case when it
was composed of other city officials. Their po-
Bitions were rather positions of honor than of
reward.
There xv-ill b? no pension for ex-Police
Corr.in'.s^oners Alvord and Tobin if the
reasoning of City and County Attorney
L_tr.e"s opinion in the matter is followed
by the cc_rts--t!iat Ls. should the matter
ever £'i as far as the courts. Lane does
not th.r.k they are entitled to anything
because they never shared any of the
dang' r, forthe braving of which the pen
e:o:. lund is provided as a reward, nor
diU they ever contribute a cent toward
it, two things which Lane believes prac
tlcalxy Kettles their status in regard to
; t nslons. la h:s opinion he gives these
reasons why the ox-l'uhce Commissioners
fciiould live on their own money:
Ex- Commissioners Alvord
and Tobin May Not
Touch the Fund.
NO PENSION FOR
EX-MEMBERS OF
POLICE BOARDS
BERKELEY, May 13.— The funeral of
Mrs. Eleanor R. Pierre took place this aft
ernoon from her home at the corner of
Deacon and Prince streets, death having
come from heart failure on Friday. Mrs.
Pierre was for many years the vice presi
dent and one of the active workers of
the Ladies' Seaman's Friend Society, and
one of the managers of the Sailors' Home
on Rlncon Hill in San Francisco. She was
connected with much charitable work in
San Francisco, where she was well
known. She moved to Berkeley with her
family about eight years ago. and about
a year ago her health became so bad
ehe was compelled to give up her active
work in the cnarities and missions of San
Francisco. She had reached the ripe age
of 61 years and 9 months. / ; ; :
Death of Mrs. Eleanor Pierre.
to the Children's Hospital. While wheel-
Ing It along: Mission street In tts carriage
she noticed it was looking unusually ill
ana asked a policeman where she could
get a doctor. He directed her to a drug
store near by. where it was discovered
that the child was dead.
The body of the little one was removed
to the Morgue.
believed that hundreds of the rats turned
up their little toes.
of $200. but assaulted the owner of the
premises when he attempted to capture
him.
Tuesday, May 15, 2 p. m.— Meeting of th«
Regents of the University in South Hall; «p«
cial order, conferring of degrees. 3 p. m. — An
nual public meeting of the Phi Beta Kappa So
ciety; address by the Rev. Robert J. Burdette.
7 p. m. — Annual banquet of the Alumni Asso
ciation at the Merchants' Club, 223 Sansoma
street. San Francisco. 7 p. m.— Banquet o£
the alumni of the dental department in San
Francisco. 8 p. m. — Banquet tendered by the
faculty and alumni of the College of Phar
macy to the graduating clasa of the college at
Delmonico's. San Francisco.
Wednesday. May IB, 9:43 a. m. — Commence
ment precession forms. 10 a. m. — Commencement
exercises in Harmon Gymnasium. 8 p. m—
Farewell reception to the graduating class by
President and Mre. Wheeler.
BERKELEY. May 13.— Thi3 Is the last
week of the University commencement.
This will be an unusually interesting
commencement week, for It ls the flrac
under President AVheeler. Several special
events have been scheduled, as follows:
Monday. May 14. 10 a. m.— Meetings of tha
graduate council of the academic council and of
academic faculties in the lecture-room of the
Philosophy building; special orders; recom
mendations for degrees; election of deans of the
faculties for 1900-01. 2 p. m.— Garden party
given by Mrs. Hearst In honor of the graduat
ing class at Hacienda del Pozo da Verona. 7
p. m.— Banquet of the alumni of the medical
department. Palace Hotel. San Francisco. • S
p. m. — Meeting of the Philosophical Union irt
the lecture-room of the Philosophy building:
Associate Professor Stratton, "The Spiritual
Implications of Psychological Experiments;"
discussion opened by Dr. W. P 1 . Montague and
Professor le Conte. 8 p. m.— Reunion of the class
of '79 at the residence of Dr. George C. Pardee.
672 Eleventh street. Oakland.
Closing Exercises Will Be
Held Wednesday in the
Gymnasium.
FINAL WEEK OF
THE UNIVERSITY
COMMENCEMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 14. 1900.
7
OCEAN TRAVEL.
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 ton* burden)
r. WARREN.. Master.
— FOR —
¦ ¦¦ HUli 91b hi
Via Seattle, on or about
MAY 21, 1900.
The- passengers* accommodations hav» been
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. Any person con-
nected with Mr. Lane and going north In his
employ will call at once room «. 22 Market
et., and inquire about passage and freight.
Will Have Experience 1 Ice Pilots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prompt lyp'HT'g at their
destination.
For passatre, frelrht. cold storage or Informa-
tion aDDly at once to
J, J. HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Rm. 6.
Or to Purser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
M*i Valencia
| / ""^^H FOR
Cape Nome
LEAV1NO
SAN FRANCISCO MAY 26
SEATTLE..... .MAY 31
SECOND TRIP. •
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For passenger and freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
SO California St., S. F.
813 1st Ave. South. Seattle.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM BAN FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR
¦ETOZMZE
THE WELL-KNOWN ALASKA FLYER,
S. S HUMBOLDT.
Positive Salllns
WEDNESDAY MAT 30TH
«. 6. ZEA'ANDIV
First Sailing.. ...... ......MONDAY. MAY 21ST
From Paclflo-st. Doclt at 3 O'olock Sharp.
Second Sailtne (approximate)..." JUNE 25TH
i For frelsbt and passenger : rates apply office.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,
139 POST STRE&f.
OCEANIC 8. S. CO.— HONOtirtU, APIA
AUCKLAND AND SYDNEY.
6. B. "AUSTRALIA (Hopolula only).
..............Wednesday, May SO, 1J0O, t P. M.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia.... Wed.. May 18, S P. M.
i. U. at'fitCKtLa a. oa&3. CO..MOts.. i-» Montaoman
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Fraijht Otflce, 327 Market St
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD IAHE
mSURAKCS COMPASY, MA,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1899. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
Hurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of CaDltal Stock paid up In
Cash J500.00000
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company JL17fl.912 90
Cash In Banks 197.071 00
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11,561 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 160,415 00
i Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 6,045 00
j Policy Stamps on hand 1.406 00
Total Assets ....$1,656,410 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses In procees of Adjustment or
in Suspense USL300 00
Gross premiums on Marine and In- 1
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent \ 144,915 00
i Gross Premiums on Marine Time I
Rlhks, t : reinsurance 60 per centj i
I AH other demands against the com-
pany - 67.160 00
Total Liabilities $393,375 00
INCOME.
Xet Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums (480,052 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 37.779 00
Total Income S517.831 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. $331,475 00
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 42,757 12
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 8.019 8S
All other payments and expenditures 1,271 00
Total Expenditure! $443.523 00
Marine.
Xjotmtm Incurred during the year $356. "CO 00
_ _ Marine
I Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
' Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ..-...: J74.8S0.740 1501.40100
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 75,616,705 • 601.06100
i Net amount in force
| December 31. 1S99.... 7,427.650 144.915 00
J. WILLIAMSON. President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January. 1900. W. J. SULI8.
United States Deputy Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. COMPANY,
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B.F. DAVIS & SON,
MANAGERS,
216 SANSOME STREET,
~SAlf FRANCISCO. -
Telephone C36S.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Assurance Company of America
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OP NEW
York, on tho 31st day of December, A. D.
1S»9. and for the year ending on that day, ai
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and '611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
PAPITAI
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ,. $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $4*0,125 00
Cash In Banks 27.917 $8
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans . S, 770 83
Premiums In due Course of Collec- .
tion 29.123 40
Internal Revenue Stamps 19 66
Total Asset 1550.958 77
LIABILITIES. "^~
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $22.157 00
losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 23,879 00
Losses resisted Including expenses... 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Rlska run-
nlngr one year or. lest. {178.965 70:
reinsurance 50 percent 83 482 85
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
nlng more than one year, £3,274 07;
reinsurance pro rata 29 81137
All other demands against the com-
pany ............ 18.77109
Total Liabilities . *1S2,361 31
INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for Flra*
premiums; 1157,834 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 3733
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Storks, Loans, I and from
all other sources 21.597 18
Received for profit on Sale of Bonds 1,074 39
Total Income S1S0.S43 s>
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses... J128.121 13
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. 11.452 32
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
•Brokerage » £0,129 75
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 8,215 00
Paid for State, National and local
taxes • V E. 494 69
All other payments and expenditures J.918 33
Total Expenditures 1226.33133
Losses Incurred during the year...:. ..$155,143 SI
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .}'.'¦ |
- written .- during the
year $34,007,222 $307.215 11
Net amount of Risks
expired ; during the
year 28.873.121 274.668 »
Net amount In -- force
December 31. 1899... ¦ 2S.US.453 231.239 77
ROBERT C. RATHDONE. President. , \
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secretary. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 28th
day of January. 1900. GEO. O. RUGER.
Notary Public
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT.
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 6968. San Francisco.
STiATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1S99. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash J200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J(S1,6RO 00
Cash in Banks 43,882 22
Interest due and accrued on all
Stttcks and Loans 2.442 75
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 42,877 32
Internal Revenue Stamps 29 30
Due from C. T. Bowring & Co.,
Ltd., Bankers 800 49
Total Assets $351. 6S2 63
LIABILITIES. -, . .
Losses Adjusted and unpaid.. ' 113,703 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ........ ¦";•.'. ..." 25, SI 4 00
Losses resisted, .including expenses.. 635 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning; one year or less, $161,410 21;
reinsurance 50 per cent 80,705 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. J 12, 143 70;
reinsurance pro rata 2S.240 63
All other demands against the com-
pany .........: 2O.42S to
Total Liabilities 8168.243 74
INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $173,522 84
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 375s
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loan*, and from
all other sources 16,645 62
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 2S.S91 94
Total Income J225.397 78
EXPENDITURES. ''¦-.¦ .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... Jl43.no B3
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. 16.066 24 *
Dividends to Stockholders 24.000 00
Paldor allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 62,402 56
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc...:.' 1 3,105 00
Paid for State, ;¦ National and local
taxes 8,023 20
All other payments and expenditures . 2,493 05
Total Expenditures J249.209 64
Losses Incurred during the year.......|i68.351 83
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks -
written during the
year .................. J3L45S.175 J283.305 70
Net amount of Risks
expired during, .the ,-
year 28.123.281 265,97110
Net . amount In - force ZgBnihtfiart'yiVi a|£»»'»<«t>— »
December 31, 1899.... tl.644.117 103,663 91
E. C. CONVERSE. President. V- .•
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE. Secretary.
' Subscribed. and sworn to before me, this 26th
day of January. 1*00. GEO. O. RUGER.
v . _____ Notary Public. .
WINFIELD S. DAVIS,
GENERAL AGENT,
215 SANSOME STREET;
Telephone 5968. San Francisco.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
SX/\XE/V\EINX
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1S99. and for the
year ending on 'that day, an made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
C10 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $250,000 00
Loans on HonUs and Mortgage 1SS.0OO 00
Cash Market Value of nil Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,751.386 25
Cash In Company's OfHce... 340 63
Cash In Banks 140,131 28
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock* and Loans 20,961 15
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages LS50 S3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 162,947 87
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks. Rents
due and accrued 1.S16 67
Total Assets $2,618,934 63
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid.... $116,632 63
Louses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 63,157 00
Losses resisted Including expenses.. 18,033 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning: one year or. less. 1979,442 61;
reinsurance 60 per cent 4S9.721 20
Gross premiums on Klre Rlska run- -
nlng more than one year, $1,657,-
653 09: reinsurance pro rata 855,783 15'
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 1,316 67
All other demands against the com-
pany 62.148 27
Total Liabilities '. U, 606. 792 03
INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $L""'G,6S3 10
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages — , 9,080 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 77.263 02
Received for Rents 10,308 95
Total Income .....$1,502,335 07
EXPENDITURES. . \ .
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.. ..J1.057.4J7 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage ..... 139,819 06
Paid for Salaries, fees and . other •
charges for officers, clerks, etc 102,764 70
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 45.963 40
All other payments and expenditures 121.305 86
Total Expenditures J1.C27.S20 OS
9*W805» ¦ Fire.- -
Leases Incurred during the year J1.04S.5C9 69
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount Of Risks '
written during the •
year J193.S40.763 Jl.786,255 06
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 190,XS8,78« 1.731,87280
Net amount In I force
December 31, 1SS9... 303,631.705 f 2.637,085 70
' »- •¦-.•- J.J. GUILE, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 24th
day of January. 1900. EDWIN, F. COREY.
Commissioner for California.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents; Pacific Department
21_T SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5968, San Franoisco. .
Two hundred thousand acres In Chihua-
hua. Mexico, have been bought for 400
colonists from Missouri.
Weekly Call, $1.O.O per Year.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadwa-
te»w wharf. San Francisco:
Pm^ 1 — k. For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m ,
iK$_33bL May "• 15 - 21 - :s - 31 - - une 5.
fv**S*tS3\ Chance to company's steam-
Ik Bui vvl er '' at p' 3 " 1 *-
£5^3-3 VaH For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
ES_jK-rrg?''*l1 c ' > - Port Townsend, Peattl-.
r^^^KSKs«_ Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash->— •
"^ U a. m.. May 11. 18. H. 28. SI.
June 5. and every fifth day thereafter: changs
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry-l at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Kureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. May
> 13. IS, 23. 18. June 2. and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Kast San Pedro (Loa Ar.seles) and Newport—
» a. m.. May 1L 15. 19. 23. 27, M. Juno 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfoni
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo <Los Angeles)— 11 a. m..
May 13. 17. 21. 25. Z9. June 3. and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Macdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. May S, and
Ith of each month thereafter.
Fcr further Information obtain company^ a
folders.
Trf coicpanT rener—es the rlgrht to chan*—
steamers, nalllnr dates and hours of sailing
withot t previous notice.
TICKK'* OFFICE— •? New Mont-ornery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PEBKIXS & CO.. O»n. Ajrents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. P. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
¦ CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
InriL $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May 13. 23. June S
COLUMBIA SAILS May IS. 23. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market •_
GOODALL. PEKKINS A CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW Y0HX. 80UTHAMPT05. L0ND0H. TX3.1X
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 19 a, m.
St. Paul May 1$ St Paul Jun» 9
St. Lnuls May 23 Pt. Louis June H
New York May 30 New York June 29
RED STAfl LINE.
New Yorl( ar>d Antwerp.
From New York, every "Wednesday, 13 noon.
Southwark May 16j Noordland Juns 5
Westernlasd ....May 231 Friesland Juna 13
Kensington May 3Qi Southwark .....Juna 20
t-MPlR- LINE.
S. S. Ohio sails from Steuart-rt. wharf. San
Francisco, for Nome, on May 15, 2:30 p. m.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, but limited freight spaca
is sttll available. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle June 20. July 31. August 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St., or any of tts agents.'
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
r.er First and Brannan streets. 1 d. m..
lor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe UIIoro). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkon- with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No carieo received on board on day
Of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday. May 19th. 1909
83. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. Juno 14th. 190O
SS. NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10th. 190O
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight ind passage apply at company's o?3c«,
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
COKPAOSIE tFHEKALE TRANSATLiXTISJCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
fallin? every Thursday Instead of^Tfl*tT\
Saturday, from November 2. 1S9V. at «>*«»«¦»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot oC
Morton st. LA OASCOONE. May 17; L'AQCl-
TAINE. May 14: LA TOITKAINB. May SI: LA,
BRETAGNE. June I. First class to Havre.
$C0 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $45; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. J3
Broadway <Hudson Dulldtnv). New York. J. F.
FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. S Mont-
gomerv avenge. Part FraBH»f^__
BAY AND BIVER^STEAMEBS.
"IfSITsTnayy yard and YAUEjaT
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues., W.ed., Thurs. and Sat, at »:«
a. m.: l:15u 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nl.ht); Fri-
days. Inn. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a, m.. J
pTin. ~ Landing and ofHce Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. X. Telephone Main 1508. . ;^3M—Py-_iai
I FARE .......I*
_ Em the BoMfselds
mi^y^i^W^^^^r^ is as necessary as a pick.
gW^%T^^^^ No miner should be without
M^^fLjSzr^ one " na^ ec^ ec^ extreme
Winchester Ammunition
Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
name and address on a postal card for
Mi'lfllif^^^ 1 60-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
|l|^//!^ Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
$™wV<V NEW HAVEN, CONN.
%}&* jL/^-W! 4I^ Market Street, San Francisco, Cal. 1THE SAN ITRA^CJlSep CALL, MONDAY, MAY 14, 19OO.
8
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ean Francisco
Call, corner of Market anfl Third streets, open
xistil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C38 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lerkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
£2£1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open un-
til * r. m.
106 Eleventh etreet; cpen until S p. m.
I0?6 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreets; open until 3 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN GATE Commandery No. 16.
K T.. Golden Gate building, C25 Sutter Ijmr
Ft.'— Special assembly THIS EVEN- J£3
ING at S o'clock. Installation of of- W 1
fleers. All fratere are courteously In- "*
vit«d. J. C CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. » V;
M — THIS (MOXDAT) AFTERNOON. -#\_
et 8:30 P- n.; also 7:33 p. m.; eecondTK^
degree. By order of the W. M. / *»
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodce No. 260. F. m
mxi& A M.. Franklin Hall. Flllmore. J*^
between Bush and Sutter— First degree vLjX
THIS EVENING at 7:30. ' x
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
CALEDONIAN Club.— Thirty-fourth v %f
cnr.ual gathering and tames at "^ tt.t2J
Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, on "tiKXlr*
WEDNESDAY, May 30, comprising
etfcletic tames, feats of strength, manly
eports and many exciting events.
ANNUAL Meeting.— The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at 327 Market
rt Pan Francisco, California, on MONDAY,
the JSth day cf May. 1300. at the hour of 3 p.
in., for the purpose of electing a board of di-
rectors to s*rve for the ensuing year and the
trer.sartlon of euch other business as may
corne before the meeting. Transfer books will
close on Friday, May 1*. 1W0. at 3 o'clock
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON. Secretary.
Office— K7 Market etreet, San Francisco,
California.
AGEVTS WASTED.
LADIES and gents. $3 to $i day; ealary or
connniEsJon. 1256 Market 6t. room 63.
CA>TVAPSr,RS to introduce culck-selllnt nov-
elty. Apply at 1S4 Minna si
EXPERIENCED building and loan agents.
Room UK. Olau!- Spreckels tulldtng.
ASTROLOGY.
KEY to "your success revealed by scientific as-
trc!o:ry." Arrly for free sample copy of Pey-
chiral Science Review. 1S04 Market st, up-
stairs.
PROF. A MASERY cf Egypt, greatest astrol-
«gt?t and palmist in th * world; satisfaction
guaranteed. 15 Powell tt.
— — — : j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. 1
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. E'.Q Market, cor.Stockton.
ADVICE fr*>e; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. F27 Market t-t.. opp. Ma;on.
L. S. CLAUK. Emma Spreckels bide.. 927 Mar- ¦
ket st.: consultation free: no fe*s In advance. 1
HATH CAIUNET — HOT AIR. VAPOR. 1
ROBIN^ON^~4^parier7<ilditi«; door opens; firm
and cafe. W. S. FtKOWN. gen, agt.. 42« Ellis.
BELGIAN HAKES.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION.
Capital Stock S25.<K*>.
IMPORTERS. BREEDERS AND JOBBERS.
Special Discounts to Dealers.
Call and examine the largest and best assort-
ment of Hares on the Pacific Coast.
We frus.ram?*'" our animals and pedigrees.
?'• anixn&Js just recelv»»d from Kneland that
GEO. A. VOCNO. Manager,
Web«tcr-6t. Station,
Narrow-gauee Railroad. Alameda.
Telephone Grand 1&51.
THOROUGHBRKD Belgian does, bred to Royal
Sovereign. flO to ISO; to Emperor of Norfolk.
JM to ISO; to Ajax (highest-scoring buck In
America). J30 to $00: youngsters, all strains. 6
weeks tZ uO; 10 weeks. (3 50; 3 months, }5 and
$7 EO. Kenwood Rabbitry. -30 14th St.. Oakland.
OPEN Sunda.ys and «-veninirs — GoMen Gate Bel-
f :an Hare Comr-any. €"9-611 Golden Gate ave.
FASHODA KINO (Imp.); high-class bucks
snd pefligreed doe?; e full line of rabbitry
eui'Plies- nuree d^es rented, $2. Tel. South 65L
IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Prop.
CLAREII^XT Belgian Hare Association — Does
bred to Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale,
lip to $50; best strain youngsters, 12 to $15.
4116 Telegraph ave., Oakland^
ANACONDA KABniTUY— Thoroughbred Bel-
gian hares for sale: some of the most popular
EtrsUnf; mail order? given prompt attention;
ped. guaranteed. 1€13 Howard St.. n*-ar 12th.
A CALL to-day will ray you; doe« with litters;
doe? bred to Lord Fashoda Chief, at price of
eervke. ET'REKA RABBITRY. 1616A Turk
st. No srubs handled.
TREMONT BELGIAN HARE CO.. 2134 F1U-
more Et., Ean Francisco, Cal. S»nd S cents
In gtacpg for book on care and feeding.
BICYCLES— -For Sale or Exchanc*?.
SE*V Cleveland bicycles: better than ever; J40.
LEAVITT & BILL. SOS Larkln et.
GP.EAT bargains iz\ second-hand bicycles; from
S5 vv; send for liFt. LEAVITT & BILL, S09
Larkln ft.. Ban Francisco.
BOABDDG FOR CHILDREX.
EXCELLENT home for child; best of car*
given; $10. Box 1309. Call office.
BOOKS XEW AM) OLD.
kCHOOL BOOK S~~bctieht end exchanged.
Hclr.ie« Book Co.. 701 M!s-<!o-. «t. near Third.
BOOT AM> SHOE BARGAINS.
BARGAIN'S, ladles' and children's shoes; drum-
mers' camples mfg. coet. Kohlbecher, 14» 4th.
BUSINESS CIIAA'CES.
X — 31500; COFFEE saloon; established many
years end doing a first -class paying business;
rent |100; choicest location; only two blocks
north of Chronicle bldg. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. S06 Market st. j
A. — JSSO: corner branch bakery and grocery, with
4 living rooms, on G«axy St.: low r*nt and
good paying business; a rare chance. Call
R, O. WILKE. S06 Market st.
A-4C0; EALOON. with living rooms; estab.
many years and good paying place; on Sixth
et.: low rent. Cal! R. O. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— S550; DELICACY and candy etore: choicest
location on Mission Bt.; rent JI5; living rooms;
fially receipts $20; place murt be eold at once;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE.
8(X Market st.
A— JSOO; CHOPHOUSE and restaurant: estab-
lished 20 years; rent $25; opp. R. R. depot; a
rplendld chance and a good paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 9M Market tt.
A— JS50; CORNER ealoon. 1 block from Market
ud Stockton ets. ; net rent tCZ; a. good-pa.ylp£
mna old-established business. Particular* R_
G. WILKE, »06 Market st.
A-S4000; BEST located saloon on MarkeA st:
with 7 club and ladies' rooms and fln«
grounds; place Is known over the U. 9. and
Europe ar.d rto'.ri? a large, profitable business.
Particulars U. G. WILKE. 906 Market et.
A— PARTNER wanted in the best-paying corne-*
taloon. connected with club and ladles' rooms; j
choicest location on Market St.; close to Phe-
lan building; 2 years' lease, with 3 years* or- j
tion: rent 1195; a. rar» chance for the rient
ptrty. See R. G. T.ILKES. 306 Market St.
A— |5CO0: CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
no nljht or Sunday wcrk: € years' lease;
place kept by owner 11 years and clears above
$300 per month; a splendid offer. Call R. O.
! WILKE. 606 Market Bt.
CANDY and ict-cream parlor; Market St.; tick-
nesi. COWING ft CO.. 713 Market st.
CIGAR store: heart city: worth $600 for JSSO;
cause, death. COWING Sc CO.. 718 Market et.
A CORNER downtown saloon; best south of
Market; snap. COWING & CO.. 7H Market.
BRANCH bakery and candy etore: living rait.)
cheap rent. COWING St CO.. 719 Market st.
DELICACT etore; One location; chaap rent;
' frith roome. COWING & CO.. 71J Market st.
SA— GROCERY and delicacy store; full stock;
big bargain. COWING & CO.. 71J Market et.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE north Market; 16 rooms;
cause, death. COWING & CO.. 71» Market.
LIVERY and boarding stable; clearing $150
month; sickness. COWING & CO.. 718 Markt.
1800— RESTAURANT; bargain this Cay. Ms-
Ul'G HLIN & CO.. mhi Market et.
t25fr— PARTNER wanted in manufacturing bust-
ness. McLAUGHLIX A CO.. 777tt Market it.
ISA— WOOD. ooaJ. hay and . grain business;
other business cause of eala. McLAUGH-
LIN Sl CO.. 7T7** Market et. ¦
tSifV-BRANCH bakery, stationery and candy
rtort: bargain. HcLAUGHLIN- 4 CO.. 777%
Market tt. ' ¦¦¦-¦. ¦ .
S1100-GROCERY etore rear the city : bargain;
other business cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO . 777H Market et. ¦ ,
tl2&— CORNER ealoon: bargain: departure cause
«£ «iie. Mclaughlin & CO.. Tim afarVtt.
BUSINESS CHANCES — CONTINUED.
............. A. STENBERG CO .... .......!...
PHONE FOLSOM 1343
$250— Branch bakery 'with sunny rms.; Mission
$SoO— Clrar stand on Market et; receipts $15
$450 — Cor. grocery and bar; owner there 7 yrs
A. STENBERQ CO.. 935 Market st.
A— $1000; HANDSOMELY furnished dining-room
In large hotel on leading business street; aver-
age receipts $30 day: coet $1500 to fit tip: owner
going to Nome. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market.
A— f'PO; LAUNDRY route clearing $60 a month:
good horse and wagon; full Investigation and
trial solicited before buying: splendid oppor-
tunity. STENBERG CO., 935 Market Bt
A— $6J0; RESTAURANT north of Market; many
years established and doing a flrst-claes busi-
ness; will bear Investigation: owner compelled
to sell, sickness. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market.
A— $550— PARTNER wanted: must b« steady,
reliable man, tatUfled with $1S to $20 a week;
no r.lght or Sunday work; trial given before
buying. Apply S Geary st.. room 2.
A — $8000; CAFE and restaurant on Market st.
doing a large and profitable business; no bet-
ter location: only first-class trade; 5 years'
lease; a rare chance. Address box 454«. Call.
FOR sale — As I leave shortly for the mines, I
wish to dispose of ray well-established, paying
loan office; & chance to secure the best Invest-
ment of its kind ever offered in this city; cap-
ital required, $3000 to $4000; fullest Investiga-
tion solicited. Mint Loan Offlce. 14 Fifth st.
$1400 — GROCERY and bar: lease 8 years and 7
months: rent $40; good paying place; corner
Geary and Leavenworth sts.
GROCERY and ealoon; good location; good
stock and fixtures; at a bargain. 219 Natoma.
GRAND chance for an acceptable party to se-
cure half Interest and become a partner with
a man of Al standing and reputation In a liv-
ery, boarding and Bale stable; has more busi-
ness than he can properly attend to: by the
assistance of a man who can give his entire
time to the business it Is sure to clear $400
a month: price $2000. CALIFORNIA IN-
VESTMENT CO.. 632 Market tt.
EXPRESS and transfer business for sale: lo-
cated In San Francisco and across the bay;
•well established and maklnc money; strict
Investigation permitted: a barcaln. Apply
to J. E. SLINKEY &. CO.. STS Market Bt.
DOCTOR'S opportunity— For sale, remunerative
practice and drugstore doing profitable busi-
ness, located in growing district In this city;
postofflce station en premises; low rent; will
sell either or both. Address FAIR, box 2156,
Call offlce.
FOR SALE— Saloon: old-established place; rent
$30. SCULLY & SON. 420 Sacramento st.
WILL exchange clear residence lot In Chicago
suburb for good upright piano or for furni-
ture. Address box 437, Call office.
WELL paving branch bakery, living rooms, for
sale cheap account of leaving city. Call 3012
Sixteenth et.
HORSESHOEING business; steady trade;
chance for right party; retiring from business.
G., 1S41 Mission st.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing shop; estab-
lished 15 years; central location. Address
box 2129. Call.
DRUG clerk. licentiate; six years' experience;
city or country. Address Box 213S. Call.
FOR sale— The Central Hotel in JSTaon. con-
taining thirty rooms; central location; price
reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa, Cal.
WELL established weekly In prosperous town,
only $900; good reasons for selling; excellent
opening. S.. box 2107. CaJl.
A— BUSINESS calls me East In five daj's; must
sell !:nuse of 14 rooms, all tenanted. Particu-
lars 143 Taylor st.
A— HOC; HOME bakery for sale; fine trade; low
rent; living rooms. S32S Twenty-6econd st,
near Valencia.
CIGAR stand, with club rooms, for sale cheap,
if sold at once; no agents. 320 Sixth st.
RESTAURANT for gaie. 136 Second Bt.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; fine fix-
tures; paying business. 115 Sixth st.
FOR sale— Barber shop, 2 chairs; cheap for
ca*h. Box £1«3. Call.
PLUMBING shop, stock and shop tools; in
pood location. Box 4iS2, Call.
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
copper shop; also steel range; doing good
business ; established 14 yean. 4114 CalUor-
nla st. EUGENE ROBINET.
DRUG etore for sale or exchange for San FTan-
clsco prcperty; a well-stocked, modern, paying
crug store In a good mining town; cash trade.
Call at 730 O'Farrell St.. city.
$5000— FOR sale— Junction House, east of Hay-
wards. For particulars apply at SIEBE
BROS. A- PLA<"EMANX, 232 Sansom- St.. S.
F.. or T. C. Armstrong, real estate agent,
Haywards.
GOOD bakery for sale In country town. Box
27T2. Call office. Oakland.
A RESTAURANT; bargain: good business. 233
Eighth st.; call between 9 and 11 a. m.
LOCKSMITH chop: established 15 years; good
location for good mechanic; cheap rent.
EZANIK. 444 Valencia gt.
ALL first-c-iss upholstery done cheap by the
Job. day or month. S. JENSEN, 911 Bush st.
$700— HOME bakery and restaurant; particular-
ly suited for baker with family: all store
trade; fine location. KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary.
$550 — STORAGE and draying business; large
l>Arn : 3 fine horses and harness: everything
complete; business on paying basis. KREDO
& CO., 26 Geary st
COFFEE ana tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL S? CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRAXCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IOC'6 Va-
lencla M.
LODGING-UOUSES FOR SALE.
S4 ROOM~GRAND CORNER~IIC>USE ..... 177.
.PERMA.VT AND TRANSIENT ROOMERS.
Owner will eell on easy payments
at a grand bargain. DECKER 1020 Market
10 ROOMS; on Jones: clears $S5 $40C
10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission »s 4SC
10-rw>m house: new furniture 20C
12-room house: on Poet st 40C
100 room?; rent $50; clears $200 150C
18 rooms; on Third et 2S(
30-room corner: 2 entrances; half cash 2<VX
K-room flat: new; elegant 60(
IS rnorni; on one floor; near Call ofOce 65(
37 roome; on Howard St.; only $300 cash... V*
10 rooms; on Mason St.: payments 45(
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKi'Jl. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
Any str*«t, Jones, Ellis. Mason. Turk. Sutter,
Van Ness. T»./lor. Howard, etc.. 10 rooms. $22!
up; 12 to K roome. $300 to $SQO: Income $54 tc
$130; $SoO. 17 r.. clears $54; :i5O, 24 r., clean
SSO; 3S r.. $t>50. $1200, $1500. all coining money
4ft. 41. 44, 46. 4S. £0. 63. 56. CO and €5 r. ; asl
for tt»m.
a-$5co xm
105 ROOMS
MUST SELL TO-DAY.
WINSTON & CO.. VfX Market st.
$12'X>— 5$ ROOM P. all rented: rood location, neai
Market: ont. : r»nt $75 month. Basil*. 3 Eddy
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
i ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc. cheap. KAOAN' & BOS. 2117 Mission st
NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har
nef». work & driving horses, lath & Valencia
SPIRITUALISM. ~
MRS. HARRISON, medium. 43 Sixth st— Read
Ings dally* satisfaction guaranteed; clrcli
Wednesday, 2 p. m.. 10c; readings, 60c and $1
GO to WATSON, the luckiest and truest occul
medium and palmist: 25c. 15S1 Market nr. 12th
MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and mas
netlc treatments. 1206 Market st., rooms 15-14
MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; 9A .Sixth st.
1 few days only; cut this out.
[ MRS.J.J.WHITNET.clalrvoyant. test buslnes
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market
ME DA HOSKIN8. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar
ket. bet. ICth and llth: c\t. Mon.. 8 p. m.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
MRS. DR. CLARK.
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK
May be consulted on all affairs of life; whll
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery
she will show you how to overcome your ene
mles, remove family troubles, restore lost af
fections. unite the separated, recover lost 0
stolen property; locates minerals; tells you
entire life while in a perfect trance; eatisfac
tlon guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st, near Jones
hours,' 10 a. in. to I p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE.the great clairvoyant, tells past
future: never falls: has the greatest Egyptian
secret: shows picture future husband or wife
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody ;ope:
Sundays. 1167 Market ct, b«t 7th and Sth.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. 82
Mission, nr. Fourth, room 3; 25c up; ring bell
LIFE readings with cards. 25c and BOc; palm
Istry $1. 13S2 Market, r. 87, opp. O. F.'s bldg
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and wate
r«ader;German tpoken. 821V» Mission. op.Mlnt
MME. ZERF.DA of 6 Seventh St.. origins
gypsy life reader: readings 25c: no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader an<
palmistry: 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission
MME. 8HAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader: sit
ttr.gs dally. £12*4 Sixth st.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; buslnes
advice; names given; 25c up. • Fourth st .
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future mis
fcaad's Picture; 20c; ladles. 914 OTsrrell sl
CAFE NOME.
TO Cap* Nome for $90 by 4000-ton steel steamer
sailing May 26 from S. F. , C. F. MOORE. 935
Market st. room 6. Agent. • . ¦ :
CLAIM 11 on Buster Creek, near ' Cooper &
Lane's claim; slie 224 by 600; title perfect.
Apply to CAPTAIN NELSON, room 32, Grand
Hotel. . -
GROCERIES, provisions, tents: packed, shipped
free. SBARBORO & CO.. 621 Montgomery.
CARRIAGES AND WAGOXS.
CAMP wagon— finest on the coast; cost $600; sell
for $300. 3279 Mission st. near Twenty-ninth.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet -beat-
Ing works. 353—357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.,
tel. South 535— Packing, moving and storage.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St.: phone South 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th st ; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 223; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per 3'ard: laid -at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at." tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st:
teL Main 894. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
li»ss successful. Room 810. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NICE* cottag'e, 6 rooms and bath, cheap to good
tenant. 3103 Clay st.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 6 rooms, basement;
yard; stable; also corner bay-window flat, 7
rooms, bath. 1S7G Fifteenth st, near Dolores.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins st. near Geary.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work nt reasonable prices,; pure gold fillings
from $1 up: other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and tilled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 SO up; open evenln_gs and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate. $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and Btronper than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS, 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 800 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex>
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years. »
FULL pet of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge work: fillings, gold, fl up:
silver, COc; painless extraction. 50c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 233 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. llth— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new: teeth from $S
per set; extracting. 60c: gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c. with writ-
t<"n puarantee for 5 years; plates. $3: crowns,
$L IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy Bt.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st, corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. . G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOC HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pill!': by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
610 Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved !
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287. j
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: dogn boarded. Tel. Weyt 636.
DRESSMAKERS A.\D SEAMSTRESSES
THE Livingston Co. of N. Y, Dressmaking
School. Mme. Rembert, manager. 630 Sutter
st — Every detail of the art taught pupils in
separate lessons: time not limited; terms rea-
sonable: taller cowns. dinner, reception and
evening dresseB made; patterns cut to measure;
fit gr.-ud; any design copied at short notice.
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak- :
ing and ladles' tailoring; evening class; pat- |
terns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary et.: dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
EDUCATIONAL.
A^AL^liiAT^HlER^TAit^^ I
rott bulldintr; Gallagher. 18 years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr. expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue. !
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. 8. F.—
> Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand.
» typing-, languages, telegraphy. English
» branches, civil, electrical and mining enjrln-
> eerlng, etc.; new £0-pag« catalogue free.
) AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
> ket; bookkeeping, -shorthand, typing; Ufa
> scholarship, $50; day and evening; catalogue.
} ALL students but two taking full course this
I year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BU3I-
1 NESS COLLEGE. 12S6 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school: thorough; up to date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
; ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. iur-
* vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 18M.
> VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market -
; SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
c knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. J02 Montxtny.
) THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. Slnz, 26 Geary, r. 34.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI,
100S Mission; annual concert May 16, 421 Post.
r BOOKKEEPING practically 1 ; no theory: rapid
i calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct, Flood bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
, etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
I ¦ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
* A— JAPANEil*PcHYNEBE ! Contractor and Em-
¦ ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
- A — MOST reliable Japanese and Chines* em-
¦ ployment office ; established , over- flvo years.
421 Post St.: telephone Bush 135.
t ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese hUp. 42C Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
- SAM KEE, 513 Bush— Best Chinese help fur-
nlshed promptly; tel. Bush 194.
; JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
b»st hMp furn.; tel. John 2121. 806V4 Stockton.
s CHINESE and Japanese Employment Ofllce —
Bf-st help. 411H OT*arrell st.: t«»l. Kttnt 426.
" tCaiPLOYMlSAT W.VMHU — KU-UALii.
' A NKAT competent second girl desires situa-
tion; San Hafael preferred; references. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires sltuaV
tlon; country preferred; good references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
e ;
: A MOTHER and daughter desire situations as
cook and second girl; hotel or boarding-house;
city or country; .best of references. MISS
r CULLEN, 325 Sutter »t.
. A— TWO flrst-class waitresses desire situations;
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
': AN American woman wishes situation to do
' any kind of work; Is flrst-class laundress and
good housekeeper; wlllwork by day at $1 and
:. carfare. 242'^ Minna, downstairs, not in rear.
a . GOOD Norwegian cook with experienca wants
,: position In private family; $25 to $30 a month.
8 San Carlos ave.. bet. Seventeenth and Eight-
_ .eenth sts., near Mission. •¦¦ :';
1 ALL-ROUND cook. and helper want places to-
ll gether in hotel, restaurant or boarding house;
city or country; best references. . 242 Natoma
;. St., basement. . > ~-~- r ., ...-. . . '*„¦;:. -
r AMERICAN woman, first-class worker, best
reference, wants housecleaning," washing or
- Ironing. , 6S0 Washlnarton st., room 6. -.. ¦ •..,
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation;
Is a rood cook : and will do . housework. Call
J at 1316*4 Natoma st.
- WANTED— A place to do second work/Apply
- for '2 : days* by letter only. -IV C.v 10 Wet-
more place, off Clay st. ~\ . .
s YOUNG girt wishes a situation at general
; : housework. 635^4 Jeesie st. • t « M
tf SITUATION by competent girl;. general house-
:.' '. w orlt: jrood slain cook); waxes $20. 11 llth st.
_- m ¦ 1 Tn II " Illl Sl Ml III IMilMMiii il i»MM ¦'II ¦¦ ¦ I fc I _ ,. T~mt J.---TS
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
A RESPECTABLE young girl desires general
work i and. cooking: wages, $30. Call at 221
Hickory ave., near .Van Ness.
WANTED— By middle-aged lady, position as
housekeeper In small family. Call at 14 Mc-
AHUter ttt.. room 8.
A GERMAN girl wants work of any kind by
the day; please cal lor address 324 Minna St.,
bet. Fourth and Fifth. ,
YOUNG lady would like to do light housework
' or mind a baby. Box 2312. Call offlce. v
LADY' wishes position as companion In family
and asnlst with light housework; $2 a week.,
Box 2171. Call offlce. - '
WANTED— By resDectabl* widow, with little
.girl of 6 years, position as housekeeper. 13
Minna it., baiiernent: three days.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes to do general
housework. Call 12 Rltch St., off Folsom.be-
t ween Third and Fourth.
RELIABLE Catholic woman wants a situation
as ! housekeeper or invalid nurse. Apply 130
Second- Bt; ¦ ¦
GERMAN woman wishes situation by day; win-
dow cleaning and ironing and washing. 246V4
Ciemrntlna st.; upstairs. ¦-
LADY wants position to go to Cape Nome; any
kind of work. Box 2173, Call offlce.
LADY, wants a position to go to Capo Nome.
Address C. 74 Geary st.. room 21.
LADY wants plain eewing to do at home. 150
Fourth st.. room 4. . .
WANTED— By experienced ladles' nurse; a few
more cftses; references. Call at 511A Castro.
POSITION by lady typewriter and stenog-
rapher;.good refa. Address box 2199. Call.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: itood reference. EOS Franklin st.
WINCHESTER Houj«. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $150 to $J
week, convenient and respectable: free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce./ 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
»ub.«crlptlons has been established at 1031 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT -WANTED MALE.
RELIABLE man wants position distributing
circulars, cards or adv. matter of any kind;
please state wages, etc. Box 2314. Call offlce.
A MAN and wife, good cooks, desire situations
in a mining or lumber camp. Box 2313. Call.
UPHOLSTERER and carpet layer; young man;
wants work; city or country- 271 Stevenson st.
GOOD paperhanger. painter, tlnter, etc, handy
with tools, wishes situation; city or country
hotel ; reasonable wages. Box 2172, Call.
NURSE and masseur. German, exoerienced in
traveling; with Invalids, wishes position; flrst-
class references. Address box 2174. Call.
GARDENER, married, steady man, will take
charge on private place, run gasoline engine;
understands all kinds of work; good refs.,
letters. Gardener. P. O. box 282, San Ra-
fael, Cal.
ENGINEER and machinist; used to any kind
stationary or locomotive engines; also dyna-
mos; first-class ref. Box 2191, Call.
CARRIAGE painter wants Job; good all-round
man; country preferred. Address Painter, 746
Market St.
YOUNG man. 28, desires position as gardener
and general help around private place or in-
stitution, or any other employment. Address
C. P.. Postofflce. Sacramento.
WANTED — Position by gardener; experienced
men In landscape and conservatory: refer-
ences. SIEVERS &. BOLAND, 25-27 Post st.
JAPANESE, active boy, wants position to do
plain cooking or general housework. Address
MIYANISHI. 123B Market St.. room 38.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia st. : ':-''
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch 'office. 2200 Flllmore st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071% Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mail. BOc. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
ATTRACTIVE, eunny flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath;
rent moderate: Hanover pi., oflT" Sacramento,
above Powell. Apply at 42 Montgomery st.
A — 7-ROOM flat: corner: sunny; 2 bay windows;
all modern Improvements. 417"^ Third st
FELL. £24— Flats of 3 rooms and bath, $13;
aleo flats, 4 moms, no bath. $9.
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms or 8: rent reasonable;
latest improvements. 1359 Minna, st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW sunny flat. 6 rooms and bath; yard; base-
ment: modern Improvements. 1931, 1935;
OKarrell st. ; rent cheap. : !
NICELY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. Apply 532 Lyon st. ,
NICK sunny upper flat, 5 rooms and bath; good
..condition; $15. 37 Langton st.
SUNNY flat — S rooms; bath; rent reasonable.
1314 Green st.. near Larkin.
SUNNY flat— 6 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements; large yard. 2S12B Howard St.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms: newly papered and paint-
ed and large basement: $10. 114 Perry st.
$6 PER month; new flat, 3 rooms; modern Im-
provements; range, yard; water free. 23 Holly
Ft., opp. 33d and Mission: no children.
$9— SUNNY flat of 3 rooms: 1320 Jessie st. off
Hermann, near Valencia. Apply UMBSEN.
793 HAIGHT: 1 r.... $2511610 California; 7 r..$35
1421 Green; new 20! 922 Hyde: 6 r 35
,:¦¦¦. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market Bt.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GREAT SNAPI
Furnishings of new 6-room flat for sale; Hyde
and fiutter st*. ; all cash not necessary If re-
sponsible: best Brussels carpets, brass bed,
blrdseye maple dressing table, bureau, etc.;
mahogany parlor furniture, pictures, bedding,
dishes: nothing la^klnr: been occupied 3
weeks; rent of flat $40. Inquire H. J. MOORE.
1039 Market st
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FTTRNITUTtE of 5 rooms for sale; new; must
be ¦- sold in 3 days; owner going East; houso
f or rent; nice location. Apply 747 Mission st.
FURNITURE of 2 rooms complete or In part
cheap. 129A San Jose ave.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for H* 60. with No.
7 range. K1nf Furniture Co.. im-mi Mory.t.
FURX1TUHE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
piano. . 1135 Market at. : telephone Jessie 79L
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 77J Mission st. pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission: tel. Red JHSS
HELP WANTED-rS»ALE.
WANTED-German nurse, ""ml Pnrtestant
nurse, $25; Invalid nurse, $20; nursery gov-
erness, $25, nice place; cook, $30. see lady at
9 to-day; 4 cooks, plain wash, $30, city and
short distance: hotel cook, $35; 15 hotel wait-
resses. $20, $23; city and country; 2 waitresses,
$20,- nice country place, see party at 11 to-day;
chambermaid $20. and waitress $20. same
place; chambermaid and waitress,' $20, $25* 7
second girls. $20, $28. J. F. CROSETT/ & CO
316. Sutter St. '
WANTED— Mother and daughter. $30; or 2
friends; nic« country place. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Houseglrls.. Menlo Park. $25; Mill
Valley, $25; Redwood City. $25: Palo Alto, $30;
Alameda, $25; Belvedere, $25; Vallejo. $25; San
Rafael. $20; Calavpras. $20: cook for men. J.
V. CROSETT & yo.. 316 Gutter st.
COOK— Summer boarding-house. Sonoma Co.,
$30;- waitress. Placer Co.. resort, $20; Glen El-
len, $20; 10 chambermaids and waitresses, $20
and $25. city and country. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress and seamstress; $25;
see lady here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
A REFINED ; nursery governess; grown j chil-
dren;. $25; must understand music and sew-
lng.MIBS CULLEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
A— COOK. Institution, $40; two waitresses, tame
- place. <* $25 each, short distance: two second
girls. Oakland, $25 eaoh; nurse. $25, city; two
second girls, $25; cook, $30; 60 houseglrls. $25
and $30; ranch ;, cook, $25. Napa; housegirl,
San Mateo. $25; San Rafael. $25 to $30. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. -¦'";. ¦-:. ¦¦.;
.WANTED— Woman ~ to help In kitchen on a
dairy near city; no objection to one child: $15
per, month and good home. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay st. ; : ;,
S5 GIRLS: peneral housework, $20 to $30.
• - 10 WAITRESSES. $20 to $25. ',. :
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, r. 202. »27 Market.
A— COMPETENT, • pleasant I woman I for house-
work and cooking; small American family on
ranch ; fare : paid ; $20; sea lady 1533 Valencia
St.. 'between I and 4 to-day. , ¦ -_
GIRL for cooking and general housework; 4 in
family; good wages. Northeast corner Twen-
ty-flfth and Fair Oaks rts. \ ; :
.WAIST and skirt hands wanted at 1407 Laguna
t - street.,,. ... - • - ..•-..- '-.. ,-,-y ¦¦ . .-¦.., '- , . ,.
GOOD manicure; ¦ permanent - position. BOJff-
* TON, PARLORS. \m Post it. jZ r ~ .\, ,. -TZ"
GIRL .for second work: references. Call bet.
9 and 12 at BE. cor. Clay and Buchanan sis.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
cvr Thansen r s\ co:^" ..Vphone grant 185
....HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress; resort, $30; head waitress,
city $20; 5 waitresses, rew commercial hotel.
$22 60. see party here Monday morning; 2
waitresses, country, $25 and found, fare here;
6 waitresses, different hotels. $20; 4 waitresses,
city. $20 and $25; 3 restaurant waitresses, $6;
lunch and dinner waitresses, $20; 2 pantry
girls. $25. and $20; 3 chambermaids to wait,
$20, i chambermaids. $18 and $15.
FEMALE DEPARTMENT
German girl, small family, city. $20: 3 cooks,
city. $25: housegirl. small family. Martinez,
choice place. $20; 2 houseftlrls to en together.
$2) each; houseglrls. Palo Alto $1S, Sacramento
County $20. Oakdale $1D; ranch cook, rianta
Clara County. $20: 5 choice places on hand for
houseglrls. city, $25: compositor, steady place.
C. R. HAK8EN & CO.. 101 Geary et.
TOUNO girl to assist In housework and take
care of children; wages $10 a month; sleep at
home. SU'4 Larkln st. .
A YOUNG lady to assist in general housework:
German preferred; references. 1015 Golden
Gate ave.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants. 461H
Minna Bt., near Sixth- -
GIRL for housework; small family; sleep home
or not. 2512 Stelner st.
GIRL for general housework; good cook. Call
at 2303 Van Ness ave., between 9 and 12.
SECOND girl to assist with general housework.
3740 Twenty-fifth St., near Fair Oaks st.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework; 2 In
family; sleep at home. 706 Polk, rms. 2 and S.
WANTED— Girls and young women; light work
in laundry. Apply 1519 Eddy St.. bet. 9 and 10.
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted. 304
Tehama st. - .
FEW girls, from 14 to 18. to learn cigar mak-
ing; paid while learning. 303 Eighth st.
TAILORESS wanted on- custom coats. S U7O
Market St.. room 36. '
GIRL for general housework; small family;
wages $10. Apply 1830 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Waitress for coffee bouse; $5 a .
week. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— Waitresses for Hotel Repeller. 781
Sutter st.
A GIRL for general housework. 762 Church st..
neaFVTwentleth.
GIRL to work In laundry and tend office;
wages $4 week. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes.
GIRL to assist in kitchen work. 914 O'Farrell
. street. •
WANTED— Girl for light housework; good
home. 215 Eleventh St., near Howard.
NEAT waitress; early; easy place. Union
Restaurant. 631 Kills st. ¦
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 38*4 Fremont st.; elevator.
GIRLS. GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS 4 CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32-4 Fremont.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; .only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught in 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. ¦
WOMAN for housework In small American
family on ranch, $20; see party Sunday, 2 to 4
p. m. 1533 Valencia st.
WANTED— An experienced crockery saleslady
" for country: good position to right party;
must have Al references. Box 2190, Call.
WANTED— Middle-aged lady to represent large
firm; free from home cares. Box 2200, Call.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook- ,
ing; $15. 42 Stanley place, bet. First and Sec-
ond, near Harrison.
GERMAN girl or middle-aged woman for
housework. 6M McAllister st.
WANTED — Good finisher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny st.. top floor.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 E1113 st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. SH Antonio st.
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell. oft Jones.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' dress
shirts; steady work. Rognwn'i, 635 Valencia.
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S Va-
lends st
HELP WAXTED-UALE.
WANTED — Ranch cook, $30; second cook, coun-
try, $35: barkeeper who plays violin, $30;
cooks, city, $W month, $12, $S, $10 week; 6 wait-
ers, first class. $35 month: waiters, dishwash-
ers, vegetable pien. bellboys: pantryman,
country, |25 and found: other hotel and ros-
taurant help. J. F. CROSETT. 628 Sacra-
mento St.
WASHER for laundry. $30 and found; suble-
man and can washer. $30 and found: 7 car-
penters, short distance. $3- to $3 50 day; 4
blacksmiths, city and country, $2 50 tt> $3
<lay; toolmaker. S3 day; 2 single hand miners,
$2 60 day; 2 muckers, $2 day; top car man.
$1 75 day; 5 laborers for mine, $2 day: 1M
mill and woods men, $30 to $40 and found: *)
laborers for mill and woods. $2 day: bark
peel»rs, $40 and board; 10O woodchoppers, $1 25
to ?2 cord; crosscut sawyers, jack screwers
and barkers. $30 to %V) and board: 2 drivers
for milk wagons. $25 and round and $45;
(¦laughter-house butcher. $30 and found; clerk,
country store, $20 and found; 2 men and
wives, private families, $35 and $50; farmers,
milkers and many others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, 628 Sacramento st.
......NOTICE
DO YOU WANT WORK?..
IF SO
Go to W. D. EWER & CO.. the most reliable
Employment Agents in California: don't for-
get that we guarantee every position and will
refund office fees and fare both ways to any
one not offered work where we send him; no
other agency gives this guarantee
WE WANT TO-DAY
sack sewer. $1 50 and board.
20 men for hayinc. $125 and board
'2 German farm hands. $30 and board
man run self-binder, long Job
10 milkers, near city, $30...;.....
man to milk 7 cows and chore, J25
10 farm hands. $25 and $26
blacksmith. $45 and found...
blacksmith's helper for ranch. $30
20 men for sawmill and woods. $26 to $40 and
board, see boss here, fare paid
vegetableman for Institution, near city, good
steady Job, $25. board, room and wash; lunch
counter man. $35 and board
married milker. *45 and found..
waiter, nice country restaurant, $30 and room
and 100 others
Come and see us before going to unreliable
agents. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay gt.
WANTED
Kitchen hand for Institution near city. $25
per month and found: vegetable man for In-
stitution, $25 and found
Blacksmith's helper, on ranch. $30 and board;
waiter for Institution, near city, $20 and found.
15 haying hands, for different places near city.
$1 25 per day and board : 10 milkers. $25 and
$30: 10 men to peel tanbark. $40 and board,
and $1 75 per cord; 20 laborers for large saw
mill company, $26 to $40 and board, fare paid:
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
T WAITERS, $6 to $10; board.
MAN and wife, resort; $50; board.
LABORERS. $1 75: teamsters. $1 ; board.
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, r. 202. 927 Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
tnent. H. Bernard. See.. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 151
WANTED — Smart collector and canvasser: In-
dustrial Insurance. R. RALPH, room 6. 405
Montgomery at.
WANTED— Steady man; light outdoor work*
will pay $12 to $16 per week: must have $60
cash. 1016 Market st.. room 10.
WANTED — Man to run electrical elevator: must
be thoroughly competent. Hotel Repelier, 781
Sutter. st.
BOY 'wanted. WILCOX & CO.. Printers. 106
Battery st.
BUTCH ER wanted. Inquire 344 Thirteenth St..
San : Francisco.
WANTED— Lunch waiter. 3 Jackson st.
WANTED — Good steady waiter for eveninrs
- and- Sundays. Ill Larkln st.
BARBER, at. 1112 Kentucky st.; steady Job;
good wages." .
WANTED— Vegetableman. 452 Fifth St. .
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 6 Eighth st.;
- call early.
WAITER wanted at 217 Sixth street.
RKLIABLE young man as night .waiter. 1348
•Howard st; wages $S a week.
WANTED— Bell . boy. . 37 Stockton street
"WAITER wanted; also kitchen helper. - Call
¦bet. » and 10. 123 Eddy st.. U.S. Hotel.
MAN wanted to help in kitchen and cook short
orders. 1416 Howard st.
A GOOD coatmaker wanted at 530 Kearny st
• ' room 1; good wanes. . - - _ . • : , "'
LUNCH waiter wanted at 122. Battery st.
DISHWASHER wanted;, must carry ' trays 37
-. Eddy.st. .'.--¦.¦¦ ¦:¦:.. ,-¦¦...'; a .-. ,..-¦¦ ¦ ,,;', . * .
WANTED— A cook In* small restaurant. 34514
; Third Bt. : : ..
A GOOD bootblack wanted at 2SVi Sixth st.
HELP WASTED — MALE.
ers-i2 boU»« J tl^?!i y: aI "° blacksmiths' help-
We%hV P "Vou'{o-day.r..H R |'H***A:**^oKk
25 teamsters .-..o. r. «. r. WORK
25 laborers ;;•*? *J ay
WE PAY YOUR FARE TO. *
rn^ e P^v', s , d onr <^ h m ra - ii * %*£»»
....TO THE GOLD AND SILVER •mtSeS^ '
8 c more miners, single-hand work.. i^i
25 mXrsV.r. .!?. P ! ri .! n ,? 5 JS'SS 1 ""*" 1^ "
6 farmers and choremen and wives $35 k"nA i
$40 and foundf 120 farm, orchard and' vineyard
hands. J25 to $35 and found; milkers and but •
ter-makers; choremen and boys; gardeners
KOand $25 and found; haymakers. $1 25 and
.".....* SPECIAL
Butcher for ranch, $30 and found....
Working foreman for lumber yard; working
foreman for ranch, see boss here. For other
positions come down and read bill boards and
secure latest lists. MURRAY Sc. READY
634-638 Pay Bt.
A— BARTENDER. $30 and found: porter, coun-
try hotel, $*5; second cook, mine boarding-
house, $40 and found
18 cooks, hotels, restaurants, boarding-houses*
ranches, etc., $25 to $50 and found: mess boy".
$15 and found; waiters, hotels, restaurants and
cafes, $25, $30. $35, and $8 to $3 week; troners
country laundries. $25 and $35 and found:
camp waiters and dishwashers. MURRAY Sc
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/S....1M GEARY ST.
Wanted— 600 men for railroad work: team-
sters, laborers and rockmen; $2 a day. Free
fare
20 railroad laborers, company work. $2 a
day. board $4 SO, freo fare: 10 men to build
fences, railroad work. $2 a day, free fare;
house carpenter, railroad work, $3 a day. free
fare
60 muckers, hammenimen and quarrymen.
$2. $2 25 and $2 50 a day; 10 miners. $2 50 a
day; 2 miners near city. $40 and board: 20
woodsmen, lumber pliers and laborers for
sawmills and woods. $26 to $J5 and board: 20
farmers, different ranches, 128 to WO and
board; choreman, springs, $23: 6 milkers, $23
and $30; 2 vegetable gardeners, country. $26
,,and $20; harness-maker, country. $40 to $30....
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Broiler, $55; fry cook. $50; vegetable cook,
country hotel. $40: cook and dishwasher,
country, $40 and $18; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hends. $20, $25 and %X0.
Head waiter for cpringn. $35: S waiters. $23.
$30 and $35. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
A— TWO errand boys for our offlce. C. B,
HANBEN & CO.. 104 Geary at.
40 LUMBER and sawmill men for th<* moun-
tains; ge« party at our offlce at 10 o'clock
to-day: good wages and fare paid. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Sober, married laborer for all-round
work in business house; wages moderate; 1
German or French preferred. Address 15 City
Hall square, opp. Eighth st.
WANTED— Second cook, young man. steady,
for. Stockton. Apply 1 p. m. to-day. C. H.
DALY, care cigar stand. 777 Market st.
LIVE hustlers, accustomed to systematic city
canvassing, can make big money for the
next 30 days. Apply to J. P. MASSIE. room
14. fifth floor. Mills building. ¦
ANOTHER good stenographer for Cape Nome-
good salary; must operate Smith Prem'»r
Typewriter. L. &. M. ALEXANDER. 110
Montzomery st.
WANTED— Laster: Chase machine; steady
work for good man. D. R. WENTWORTH.
West. Berkeley.
EXPERIENCED stenographer and typewriter;
must operate Remington; state salary desired
Box 2177. Call offlce.
AN- experienced stenographer with references.
HIND. ROLPH Sc CO.. 302 California at.
AT once; first-class pressman on custom vests.
609 Kearny St., room 2; good wages; steady
employment.
Partner: must be flrst-class butcher
and good outside man. Inquire S. BECK. Six-
teenth and Mission, saloon.
WANTED— A good second cook. U. S. Hotel.
123 Eddy st.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis at ¦
FIRST-CLASS wheelwright and woodworker
at O'BRIEN & SON'S. 500 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Good ironer. male or female. Wat-
sonvllle Steam Laundry. .¦ ;
EMU/ FREDKRICKSON Is called for at Mare
Island i navy yard.
GOOD pressman on custom pants; steady
work. 225 Fifth tt.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. -642 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d. sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between ths
ages of 21 and 15 years: not less than 8 fe«t
4. inches and not over • feet 1 Inch In height;
must b« citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared . their Inten-
tions -to become citizens; able to read, writ*
and speak English properly. For further tn-
- formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Orace. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. Cal.. or
630 K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
BOY with men's furnishings experience or to
learn, sn Montgomery. 2 to 4.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 2Sc
to 50a E62 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
MAX to open oysters and make himself gener-
ally useful around the kitchen. Caf» Zlnk-
and. 927 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade; only re-
quires six to eight weeks: day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
Institution tn the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. S33
Clay st. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third *t. : ISO large
rooms: 25c per nleht: SI to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barberlng and hairdresslng at S.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash tirices. N. Y. Tallorlnr Co.. US K»«rnr.
BAILORS, ordinary seamen and freen hands:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 24 Steuart.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBF.LL. lawyer: II
¦-, years' practice: Examiner bids;.
WINCH ESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near itar-
ket: 700 rooms. 23c nlitht: reading room: frea
'bus and bagirace to and from the '•--*•.
LIKDELL House, comer Sixth and Howard-
Room* 15c. to 25c r.»» nlrht- 7Sc to $2 i>er week.
BOY. 14 to IS; make himself cenerttlly useful
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
T*c*i\'»& ft Call hmnrh nlflc*. 2"!0O Flllmoro at.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse JU'««u
tn Birth st.; auction sales »vrrv Wednesday.
FT'LLTVAN* & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at lt!l
and 162S Market st.. bet. Twalfth and Brady;
also come fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Sixty-six hemd of mules. 4 and J
years old. Address WM. McOANN. Merced.
Cal.
DOUBLE set of surrey harness: also gentle
horse, and phaeton. 1634 Mission st.
FOR .sale— Klne doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet, dent.. 605 Golden Gate av.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 100 home* to
?I7Q Market st. : Ca«tro-»t. c«r« ps«» th» Aemr.
HOUSES TO LEX.
A— PKLN'ihit* Hst: houses to let; #end lor or-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LEAVENWORTH. 606. near O'Farrell— 2-story
house. • rooms, alcove and bath; In good
order: key at grocery. Apply to C. S. CAPP
& CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
PIERCE. E. side. bet. California and Sacra-
mento— 2-story bay-window. 6 rooms and bath;
neat-house: nlcf neighborhood. Apply to C.
S., CAPP &.CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630
Market, st. -¦
HOUSE of 12 rooms. 706 Natoma St.. between
Eighth- and Ninth.
LAGUNA; , 1715-1717— » rooms each and bath.
; modern, sunny; convenient: rent reduced.,
HOUSES WANTED.
UNSURPASSE^^e^aTrr^antrpartTy ¦furnished
house year or more: pay taxes, water, repairs,
some rent if central: security given. A. J.
RICH& CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
•;"¦; ; LOST-'AJSD FOUND.'
LOST— Between Folsoxn st. and Union Iron
• Works, silver English lever watch: name and
flag Inside. Return to 533 Shotwell St.; J. M.
REID; reward..
LOST — Brown water spaniel; liberal reward.
1426C California st.
LOST AND FOUND.
(200 REWARD- Lost last Wednesday, May 9,
a leather hand satchel containing diamond
Jewelry. The above reward will be paid for
Its return to W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
LOST— A fawn greyhound bitch. Return to 2400
San Bruno road, near Silver ave.. and recelva
reward.
3IEDI CAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the phy-
sician, formerly 4C1 Van Ness, returned fruia
Europe with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure J5; have treated thousands of
cases with success; 15 years* practice in S. F. :
maternity home; low fees. 1007*^ Market st.
DR. G. W. O"DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used if
home; consultation free. Write or call at
1023*4 Market st.
UR3. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 25 yrs.
practice; home in conflnement: treatment at
office, $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fldent.'al. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market: ladle*s T ~speI
ciallst: treatment at office, J.1; consultation
free: hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 257.
DR. F. FRANK, ladies' physician: call on
physician with man's knowledge. 1013 Laguna,
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1T2S Market: ladles'
physician: chronic diseases treated; lac«
scientific methods; treatment. $5.
PRIVATE conflnement home; beat care; phy-
sician; English and German spoken: term*
reasonable. 828 Castro st.. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles* specialist— Treat-
ment at offlce. $3: consultation free. U:'- 1^
Market st.. between Mason and Taylor. ,
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China: dts-
eases of all kinds cured: herbs and teas: sanl-
tarium..M Sacramento. cor. Kearny ;advlce frea.
Y 'ii«~« R L WISE & co -- the ladles* specialist!!.
*»» Market St.; every case guaranteed; li up.
MRS. SCHWARTING. midwife; private homo
in conflnement for ladles. 610 Eddy st.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the emrnenf
female specialist; home or offlce treatment. tX
DR .* - and « MRS - M - WECENTSR-Prlvato hora«
in confinement. 1313 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HLM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the hjman body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED BATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, "eczema
and all nervous troubles; ladies' department
removed to "The Bellevu*." Van NessTve .
opp. St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Po«t.
METAPUYsTcS^
GRADUATE of National School Mental Mag-
netic healing. Dr. Las»well,14 McAl'.lster.r.St.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH Sl WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont st.
A— BUYS, sells cr rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made: .
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1C19. lOli. 1023 Mission St.. above.
Sixth: write for cataloeue.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. |3 29; ncth-
lng on case to Indicate contents; twice th»
price could buy no better: mail orders soiic-
Ited. F. EPHRAIM & CO.. IS Montgomery.
ONE extra fine quality, double, 1 outer and 1
inri-r, 2 compartments, fire and burglar proof
bank vault; made in sections for convenience
In shipping and for setting up; will sell at a
bargain for cash. Box 1SSO. Call offlce.
ALMOST brand-new "Lamalr" field and marine
glass for 114 50; cost originally *27. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
FOR Sale— Fresh cows. Apply 217 Hearst ave..
Suncyside.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies: selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner b.dg.
S-POUND steel T rail for sale cheap.- BUUX-
STINE BROS.. 534-533 Brannan st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for 12 60.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale — About 40 or 50 gallons good country
milk. Country Dairy. 507 Sixth st. Oak:.:. ;.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLAilD &. BRECK. 131 Post st.
BARBER fixtures and furniture; 2-chair outtil
complete; must be sold at once at a sacrifi--.--
Inquire room C14. Call bldg.
AUTOMATIC Willcox & Gibbs sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission st..
near Fifteenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
J100; concert records. 12 50. BACIGALLPI.
933 Market St.. San Francisco.
( SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand. In good
condition, for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. II 7*. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
ONE J H. P. 220 volt motor: standard make; al-
most new; cheap. WHITE. SIS Mission st.
CASH registers of every description for sala
, and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. 9th and lotx
A FINE suit. HO: dres!" pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
, dttlan; complete; cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
i PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and gold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market at.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and firs and burg-
lar Droof safe. 218 California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 flre and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 43 Main st.
SAFES— New and second hand: all s!2es. THH
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-stded sticker: 1 Dlaner and matcher: 1
atr compressor: 5 Tooomotives. 220 Fremont.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SECOND-HAND safe, suitable for country
bank. Address F. A. P.. U. S. Mint, city.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Marie* nt.
MON 13 Y TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; S per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates. legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. O. B.
OLSEN. room 18. first floor. Chronlcla bldg.
ANY amount at • per cent: 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate la pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay, get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGA.N. U Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advarces on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry S ton ,S*S Market
at. ; tel Main 1644. Branch 13 Third at.
MOST reliable place to *»*»:£« d ',^wfv
watches iewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 olxta.
MriSfpScVfor old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furnltura and
pianoT: no removal; low rates; .confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 12« Kearny st.. room 9. respectable prlva:*
plac. toborrow on watches, diamonda: lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 9to.
ON furniture and pianos without removal:quio1
service: money direct: lowest interest Rooras
« snd «9. Donchoe building. 11T'> Market st.
LOANS made on furniture x^h^
loans to salaried «-ople. HARiHBARGEit.
1X2 Ellis St.. room 34.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture cr pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants K.ichnge. n\ cat' ¦
TO salaried people; without necunty ; all b usi-
n*»s tcnfldentJal. Tou5ley Co.. Kl Parrottjvg.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note wltl }^ t
lndor«er. MORRELL. 803 Examiner building.
$50 TO JoO.OOO: lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortsa-:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery:
ON furniture, pianos, without re™ 0 ™ 1 ,- °°
commission; private. LICK. U» McAllister.
IF your property Is mortKaned » nd .7 ou ,.? e '*j i
more money%ee H. MURPHY. 630 M*rket_»^
.TO salaried men without collateral or « n^°rser.
S. F. PlaonitTit Agencv HI PhHat- h-i!l<H--y_
J1OXBY WAITED.
' I15C0— WANTED for twoTearTat S per cent in-
terest: a cottaze and five totijoff"**. « -*-
curtty. Address Owner, box 2H3, <~ail. ua<c
land. » mmm
~~ .MUSICAL INSTRCaHSXTa.^ 7 .
A HANDSOME upright, three-pedal, newest da-
sign, used about six months, will be sold ; for
half price Immediately for cash or large pay-
ment. Room 10. Flood bldg-
WILL sell for storage, upright, p: Thos. Ball
piano. 129; A. H, Chase. Stetnway and
others. WILSON'S STORAGE- 1.10 Market. (
A BARGAIN; fine upright: must sell: leavtn?.
Call to-day. 838 Webster st.. near McAllister^
SECOND upright for sale very <***•"• v 0
factory, cor. Market, nth and Churon; 8:U
A STEINWAY *1«3: installments $3. 13. ft *U>;
, rents *C up. HEINE'S. 138 EUia at.TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
* — — ¦ : — : — : — *
United^ States Coaft aryl Geodetic -Survey-
Times : and Heights of High, and Low
Waters at Furt 1'olnt, . entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
: NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the -: city "front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute, slater than at.Kort Point:
the height nf tide Is the same at both placrs.
MONDAY, MAY 14.
NOTE— In; the: above, exposition cf the tides
the early, m'ornlne | tides | are : Klven ln the left
hand : column and . the = successive : titles ; of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
tecond tlmo . column elves '- the . second > tide of
the Jay, the third time column tha third tide
and ' the .last or rleht \ band ' column ¦ gives the
last tide of tha day. exoept. when there are but
three | tides, I aa sometimes occurs. The • heights
given are ln addition to the soundings on the
United States ,j Coast . Survey;, charts, • except
Kate ¦ L. and George A. Johnston and Ella
Johnston Smith to Mary Johnston Jost. lot on
W line of Gough street. 68:9 N of Greenwich
W 275. NW 138. K 125. 8 107, E 165. S 39:3: 110
Kate L. Johnston and Ella E. Smith to Mary
T. Jost. lot on W line of Gough street. 6S:9
N of Greenwich. N 39:3, W 165, N 107. W 125
SE 14S, E 273; J10.
Mary T. Jost to Richard II. Glassford. same
%1O: - -•¦
Douglas S. .Watson- to Arthur B. Watson,
lot on SE corner of Fillmore i and McAllister
streets. S DO by E S7:6; also lot on S line ot
Clay street, 137:6 W of Laguna. W 60 by S
127:S«_; also lot on NE corner of Summer and
Kearny streets. N'19 by E 74:6: $10.
Joseph H.' Currier to Maggie II. , Currier, lot
on E line of Devlsadero street. 102 S of Green.
S 32 by E 103.-1H: plft.
Frederika F. and Slgmund B. Schloss Nan
nie A. and M.Meyerfleld Jr. to Henry and
Rudolf. Mncquard. lot on N- line of -.Waller
street. 52:6 W. of , Shrader. W 23. by 100: flO.
Catherine McSweeney to Peter J. McSweeney.
lot on-W line of Capp street, ISO N of Twenty
third,: N ¦ 20 by W 122:6; also all Interest In
MB" 137; 51. '. ' > .
. , Henry ' D.'- ¦ and •• Clara P. Morton to • same,
lot on N line of Kills street, 112:6 W. of Tay
lor W 25 by E. 137:6: $10. ¦ ¦'-¦
Alberta A. Vincent . (Thomas) and LHlle
Spencer (Thomas) to Frederick W. Noltemeler
lot on 8 line of Bush street. 16i W of. Polk.
W 27:6 by S 120; $10. .
Julius and Mlna Martins to Samuel Irving,
lot on N line of Lombard street, 103:1'/. E of
Polk street. E 34:4Vi by N- 137:6; $15CU
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Fair weather prevails over California, South- I
ern Arizona and Eastern Nevada; elsewhere on
the. Pacific Slope the weather is generally
cloudy and threatening:. .A ll*ht rain has
fallen In Washington, Northern Oregon, South
eastern Idaho and. Utah. -
T"he pressure has risen over the northern por
tion of the Pacific Slope and fallen along the
California coast. ;¦¦--•-
The temperature, has • risen decidedly over ¦
Northeastern California. Northern Nevada, Ore
gon and Southern Idaho: It has remained nearly
stationary in other districts.
Conditions are favorable for fair and gener
ally wanner weather In California Monday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight, April 14. 1900:
•Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer;
llfrht northwest wind. '_ < _
Southern California— Fair Monday: fresh west
wind. '
i Nevada— Fair Monday. .
' Utah— Cloudy with showers Monday: warmer.
Arizona— Parlly. cloudy Monday; warmer In
northern, portion. - / ' _
-. San Francisco and Vicinity— Fair; warmer
Monday;Iight northwest <wlnd.
¦ O. -II. WILLSON. Local Forecayt OfHclal.
FORECAST.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 13—3 p.m.
The following are the seasonal realfalU to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls In the last 24 hours:
Last . This Last
Stations— 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka O.OO 48.57 .13.35
Red Bluff 0.00 20.0S
Sacramento ............. 0.00 20.2* 14.01
Fan Francisco O.Ort H.42 1S.<)i>
Fresno 0.00 S.H T.1S
Independence O.C0 3.66 l.?t
San Luis Oblypo O.OO 14.02 16.41
I/)s Anpeles 0.00 7.S4 .5.01
San Diego 0.00 5.SS 4.94
Yuma 'COO 1.2* 1.31
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
63; minimum, 50; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Weather Report.
POINT LOBO_— Passed May 13— Xor stmr
Tltania, from Nanalmo. for Port Los Angeles.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 13— Schr
Fred J. Wood, for Kobe; schr Lottie Bennett.
for Port Gamble: schr Maria E. Smith, for
Port Gamble: schr Allen A., for Seattle; ship
HDartan. for Seattle; stmr Discovery, for Cape
Nome. In port — Schr Admiral, from Port Blake
ley, for Guayaquil: brt_ Tanner, from New
Whatcom. ¦ for Cape Nome.
FAN PEDRO— Arrived May 13-Schr Sacra
mento, from Sulslaw River; schr Bella, from
Sluslaw River.
FORT-rLlTDLOW— Sailed May 12— Schr Chas.
K. Falk. for San Francisco.
SEATTLE- Arrived May 13— Stmr Alliance,
bence May 9.
PORT GAMBLE-Arrlved May lJ-Schr Ma
ria E. Smith; schr Lottie Bennett, from Port
Townjiend.
SEATTLE- Arrived May 13— U S stmr Rose
crans. from Valdes.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 13— Stmr Noyo.
for San Francisco; stmr National City, for San
Francisco.
USAL— Salted May 13— Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed May 11— Stmr Columbia,
for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
MOVILLE— Arrived May U-Stmr City of
Rome, from New York, for Glasgow.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled May 13— Stmr Iver
nia. from Liverpool, for New Tork.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 13— Stmr Walder
see, from Hamburg. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, May 13—10 p. m.— Weather,
tossy; wind, west; velocity, 12 miles.
TELEGRA PHIC.
Sunday, May 13.
Stmr Santa Ana. Strand, Seattle.
Ptmr Warfleld, Pattie, Chemalnus.
8Unr State of California. Gaee. Astoria.
Stmr Corona. Glelow, San XMego.
Stmr Chas. Nelson, Anderson. Seattle.
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka.'
Stmr Pomona. Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Jensen, .
Stmr Aloha. Jorgenson, whaling: and Cape
Nome.
Ger stmr Octavta, Terr.me, Hamburg and way
ports.
Br ship Dow -an III1!. Pux'.ey. Qaeenstown
Schr KIo Rey. Johnson. .
Pchr Anita. Funcke. .
Bchr J. Eppinger. Nyman. .
SAILED.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. 8 hours from Fort
Ross.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olse n, 15 hours from Green
wood.
Stmr Newsboy. Walvlgr, 20 hours from Usal.
Stmr Bonlta. Xlcoldon. 70 hours from New
port S., etc.
Stmr A lea t rax. Carlson. 4S hours from Port
Los Anjceles. /
Schr Bendpr Bros.. Wetzel, 20 hours from
Fisherman* Bay.
Schr J. M. Colman, Ltrulholm. 9 days from
ARRIVED.
Sunday. May 13.
Stmr Tlllaraook, Hushes. CS hours from Til
lamook.
Stmr Del Xorte. Allen. 6 days from Portland,
via Astoria — , via Eureka 24 hours.
Stmr GlDsy, Lelanii. 27 hours from Moss
Landlnz, etc.
Stmr Westport, Ericsson. 21 hours from
Rejlr Harhnr ¦ ¦"..--. •
A reliable water supply may be fur
nished to the central part of Calaveras
County. Messrs. Emery and Thompson
have engaged an engineer to inspect the
water supply of the middle fork of the
Stanislaus River and to devise a way to
get the water across the Intervening can
yons.
Two new gold mining companies have
incorporated in Nevada County — the
Gra?s Valley Standard and the Beebe
Gold Mining Company.
Mining near Groveland, Tuolumne
County. Is reported to be pretty lively.
Most of the better known mining proper
ties have been bonded.
The annual report of State Mineralogist
A. S. Cooper gives a panoramic review of
the mineral resources of the State. If tha
miner or prospector or Investor wishes to
know where . any one of. tho products
enumerated as being mined in California
last year Is to be found the report is " a
ready reference. The point of most inter
est to tho average man is probably the.
premiership cUtriDuted to tlie several
counties, in total mineral productions
Shasta County was tasily rtrst, having to
its credit Vt.ClM.&tt! NteVkda] the second on
the list, mude a record of mineral prod
ucts vaiueu'ut »2,2ai,ays. The other coun
lifs-who.su products m minerals exceeded
M.wO.tXW were as follows: San iiernardiro,
41,fc3Wol; i^os Angeles. $1,729,W4; Tuoiumne,
*l,ii5o,8iu; Amador, |l,593.7i'0; Calaveras,
»l.au3.18b; Placer, $1,177.M2; Kern, $1,027,8*.
teiskiyou crowded closely the million dol
lar limit. It is credited with 1991,871, which
really puts it In the million-dollar class.
It will surprise miners to see Alameda
County p-aced ubove Butte, Inyo. Sierra
Kl Dorado. Plumas and Lassen as. a- pro
ducer of minerals.
Copper was mined In Calaveras, Iseva.la,
San Bernardino and Shasta counties. Coal
was produced in Alameda, Amador, Con
tra Costa, Kern, Orange and Riverside
counties. The lead was .from Inyo, Mono
and San Diego counties. Mineral paint
was mined in Butte, Calaveras, Nevada
and Stanislaus; quicksilver came from
Lake. Napa. San Benlto, San Luis Obispo,
Santa Clara, Sonoma and Trinity. Natu
ral gas was utilized in Sacramento, san
Joaqum and Santa Barbara.
The banner counties imvarious products
were as follows: Alameda in •¦'alt, man
ganese, macadam and coal; Amador in
marble; Butto in mineral paint; El Do
rado in slate: Inyo in lead and soda;
Kern in fuller's earth; Los Angeles In
gypsum, petroleum and serpentine; .Napa
in magnesite and quicksilver; Nevada In
gold and pyrites; Riverside in asbestos;
Placer in granite; Riverside in asbestos*,
pottery clay and quartz sand: San Bernar
dino in borax, cement, limestone and pav
ing blocks; San Diego in lithia-mlca; San
Francisco in rubble; San Joaquin in nat
ural gas; Santa Barbara in asphalt; Santa
Clara in brick clays; Santa Cruz in bi
tuminous rock and lime: Shasta Coupty
leads in copper, producing the bulk, of that
metal; to the amount of $3,585,023. It also
leads in the production of silver.
A decision of considerable Importance to
miners has been rendered by Frank D.
Hobbs. Register of the United States
Land Office at Salt I^ake, relating to the
performance of work in a shaft on ground
outside of the claim or group of claims,
for their benefit and for patent purposes.
The substance is that labor upon one of
several mining, claims held in common, or
upon ground outside of the limits of such
claims, may be accepted in satisfaction of
the statute as to all claims so held, if
such claims are adjoining or contiguous,
so that each claim thus associated may
be benefited by work done or improve
ments made. Where the expenditure of la
bor or improvements relied upon is only
had in one of several adjoining or contig
uous claims, held in common, the applicant
must show that such expenditure was In
tended to benefit and will benefit all the
claims; where the labor or Improvements
are not on the claim or upon any of sev
eral adjoining or contiguous claims, -held
in common but outside thereof, the appli
cant for patent must show that the work
Is of a character to aid in the develop
ment of the claim, or claims in common, as
the case may be. Labor 'or Improvements
Intended ior the benefit of several non
continguous mining claims cannot be ap
portioned to the different claims in satis
faction of the required expenditure there
on, for the reason that to do so would be to
credit each claim with" an expenditure
made in part for the benefit of other
claims, not associated therewith as
claims held in common within the mean
ing of the law.
Pocket miners are reported to be meet
ing .with success on the Georgetown di
vide in El Dorado County.
Important Ruling Concerning Per
formance of I Work Upon Group -
of Claims for Purpose of,
Sscuring Patents.
Ten Counties of the State
Dig Eighteen Millions [¦; I
From Mines.
PANORAMIC VIEW
OF GLITTERING
MINERAL WEALTH
THE SAST- FRANCISCO CAT.Ii,' MONDAY, T MATT 14, 1900. *^-
when a minus i I gn (— ) precedes tha height,
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane. of,
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
to .AnnivK.
9
Sun r
Sun-:
Moon
¦iS<?3..... ••••
!ets....'.V. .I.'......
rises (full)......
....:.... ...5:01
;...... 7:12
....0:00 p. in.
14 ./.
15 ...
w...
Time Tim«
Ft.
L w ; ii. w
•6:12-0.3 12:25
6;bO-4.t 11:11
«:32—0.6 1:58
H AV L V\V
¦ 0:OS 5.6 7:15
0-54 5.1 - 8:02
l:M 5.2 .' X:5S
'2:57 4.9 -9:47
Ft '
4.5
4.6
4.7
I
Time ¦ Time •-«
Ft. — — Ft.
L, .W H W
4:41 ¦ 3.0 10:50 5.7
6:2S 3.11. 11:26 6.7
6:15 3.2 .:..:. .....
H \V : L\V|.
2:44 4.8 7:10 3.5
"•S:32 4.S 8:13| 3.2
4:17 5.0) 9:22| 3.0
r5:00 :.5.:| 10:371 2.6
is .r.
19 ¦¦.:
20 r.".i
L-o.c
m
I 0.2;
Steamer.
| Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Pt. Arena. .IPolnt Arena.. May U. 2 pm Pier I
Senator ....|rap» Nntnf May 1*. Jl anvPIrr 11
Coqullle nvjOrays Harbor;May 14. 13 m|
Boniia Newport 'May 11, » am Pier 11
Samoa Illumbfttdt May 13. 19 am Pier «
Halnter ....:Cape Nome.. ...'May 13. I pm Pier M
Ohio Cape Nome.. ..(My 15. 2:30 pm Pier *>
Luella Cape Nome.. ..(May 15. 3 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Cape Nome.. ..'May 15. 11 amiPlerU
Alameda ... Australia.. May 16. S pmjPler 7
Queen Vic & Pst Sd. May J«, 11 am'Pler 11
Del Norte... Orejron Ports. IMay 16. 10am|Pf*rM
Santa Rosa. San Diego May 17. llam!P1»rll
Sequoia Cape Some.,.. May 17, 2 pm|Pl«r 2
Pomona .... Ilumholdt 'May is. IpmtPier 9
Newport ... Panama IMay IS. 12 m!PMSS
Columbia .. Oregon Ports. May 1«. 11am Pier 2»
Empire Coos Bay May 18. Dam Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport May 13. § am Pier 11
Areata Coos Bay May in. 12 m Pier U
Am. Mara. Chlna&Japan May 13
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May IS. 3 pm
Noyo .." Cape Nome.... !May W. :....
Sun r
Sun-:
Moon
¦iS<?3..... ••••
!ets....'.V. .I.'......
rises (full)......
....:.... ...5:01
;...... 7:12
....0:00 p. in.
14 ./.
15 ...
w...
Time Tim«
Ft.
L w ; ii. w
•6:12-0.3 12:25
6;bO-4.t 11:11
«:32—0.6 1:58
H AV L V\V
¦ 0:OS 5.6 7:15
0-54 5.1 - 8:02
l:M 5.2 .' X:5S
'2:57 4.9 -9:47
Ft '
4.5
4.6
4.7
I
Time ¦ Time •-«
Ft. — — Ft.
L, .W H W
4:41 ¦ 3.0 10:50 5.7
6:2S 3.11. 11:26 6.7
6:15 3.2 .:..:. .....
H \V : L\V|.
2:44 4.8 7:10 3.5
"•S:32 4.S 8:13| 3.2
4:17 5.0) 9:22| 3.0
r5:00 :.5.:| 10:371 2.6
is .r.
19 ¦¦.:
20 r.".i
L-o.c
m
I 0.2;
Steamer.
| Destination. I
Sails.
I Pier.
Pt. Arena. .IPolnt Arena.. May U. 2 pm Pier I
Senator ....|rap» Nntnf May 1*. Jl anvPIrr 11
Coqullle nvjOrays Harbor;May 14. 13 m|
Boniia Newport 'May 11, » am Pier 11
Samoa Illumbfttdt May 13. 19 am Pier «
Halnter ....:Cape Nome.. ...'May 13. I pm Pier M
Ohio Cape Nome.. ..(My 15. 2:30 pm Pier *>
Luella Cape Nome.. ..(May 15. 3 pm Pier 2
San Pedro.. Cape Nome.. ..'May 15. 11 amiPlerU
Alameda ... Australia.. May 16. S pmjPler 7
Queen Vic & Pst Sd. May J«, 11 am'Pler 11
Del Norte... Orejron Ports. IMay 16. 10am|Pf*rM
Santa Rosa. San Diego May 17. llam!P1»rll
Sequoia Cape Some.,.. May 17, 2 pm|Pl«r 2
Pomona .... Ilumholdt 'May is. IpmtPier 9
Newport ... Panama IMay IS. 12 m!PMSS
Columbia .. Oregon Ports. May 1«. 11am Pier 2»
Empire Coos Bay May 18. Dam Pier 13
Coos Bay... Newport May 13. § am Pier 11
Areata Coos Bay May in. 12 m Pier U
Am. Mara. Chlna&Japan May 13
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May IS. 3 pm
Noyo .." Cape Nome.... !May W. :....
Telephone South", 247.
FUNERAL, i IHKECTORS • A : EMBALMERS,
323& Market at..", between " 8th and 9th.
C R E MAT IO IN .
Odd Fellowi' Cenieierv ssocia:ioa ".
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA,
If deceased. was a member of'ANT ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, tha ¦ charge i for i cremation. ¦ a ' copper : re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ servlca Is $30.
The same for 'members of the family.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, " Superintendent.
HENRY/ J.; GALLAGHER CO../
(Successors to Flannagan _ Gallagher). .
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM_RS.
" 20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone 8outh 80.
SEWING MACHIXES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, aold; machine ¦up-
pi Irs. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates.* 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE! AXD /WAREHOUSE:-.
Pn_HC_^R^DO_Pir^U)raVe and Movl-iTco!
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PACIFIC' Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 7320 Flllmore >t.: phone Jackson 231.
TO _KA_K.
FOR rent— Fine dairy; 100 to 125 cows; ln Sacra-
mento County: cheap rent to right . parties;
thin la a money maker. For further particu-
lars apply to FRANK HICKMAN. 412 J St..
Eacramento. «
TVPE WRITERS A\D SUPPLIES.
GRKAT BARGAINS IN TTPEWRITERS- We
sell bfttfr machines for le^s money than any
houp» In the city: rentals, $1. The Typewriter
Exchange. EC6 C?alifortila, t«>Iephon<? Main 269.
alamedTaiiyertisements.
ALA3XEDA HEAL ESTATE.
JSOO — MODERN cottape: 4 rwirnn and hath.
fiLO— Modern cottage; 7 rooms and bath.
J^OO— Modern cottage: a rooms, and bath.
$!1P&— Mod*rn 2-story cottage; 6 rooms ari'l
bath.
I All on easy terms and close to schools and
: ctatlonx.
j >ISW>— Modern cottage: & rooms and bath:
finest location; complete; $100 cash, $15 p«r
month.
$19C0— New modern cottgrae: 5 rooms and
bath: $100 cash. $20 per month.
S2S00— Fine modern cottae*: 6 rooms and
bath: Lafayette St.; large lot; $200 catli, $25
j p*r month.
I Furnished and unfurnished houses to rent
i ln all parts of Alameda.
I H. P. VOT2RAL & CO..
! ' 1412 Hark m., Alameda.
ij'imi1'¥y¥t1se1ients
REBKRLRY HEAL ESTVTK.
j SPECIAL BARGAINS.
C'cmf and th» 3-6 room cottss 1 ''' we *re
1 buildlnc with iwrcelaln bath and sink, tvlth
tiling, wooden mantel, bay-window. hiKh
basement, brick foundation, all latest tm-
provod plumtinjr, frith gas; lot 40x100: price
JlfiOft, JIOO cQjh, balance $15 monthly; this 1a
crf*m property; cleg* to station. Take
Hf-rkeley train, get off at Lorin, ask for RL*-
DOLPH _ PERKINS.
4-ROOM house with lot 50x140; 2 blockn from
station; price $S50: $100 cash, balance $10
monthly. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorln station and ask-fer RUDOLPH & PER-
KIXS.
LOTS and houxes and loto in all parts of Berke-
ley and Golden Gate, and all along the Santa
Fe route at all prices and terms to suit. For
Fna? bargains take Berkeley train, i/et off
at l^orin station, ask for RUDOLPH & FER-
KIXS. ¦ _^^^
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— HIS BROADWAY.
OAKUM) REAL. ESTATE.
LA ROE orchard tn pretty Elmhurst; cut ln lots
40x1^) up to an acre; on car line; eravM
streets; city water; terms to please. SALS*
' BURY. <59 Ninth ft.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakl-ind.
ui\m_.\i> Nt«'i ictus.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend Xo. 9 (twenty-
five c*nts per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Ccmpany will be payable at the
r.fftt e of the company. 327 Market St., on ami
after Tuesday, May 15, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 10, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m.
\V. D. K. GIBSON, Secretary pro tern.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 73 <twenry-
. five cents per ahare) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on and
after Monday, May 21, 1900. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, May 15, 1900. at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. TV. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tern.
LEGAL ADVERTISeTmBNTS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
intention to Change principal place of busl-
Df»«- Notice Is hereby given that ln pursuance
to the -written consent of more than two-
thirds <2-3) of the capital stock of the Ko-
wardennan Improvement' Co.. a corporation,
created under the laws of the Stats of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed in the office of said cor-
poration, it is the intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, In the county of Santa Cruz.
Stste of California, said removal or change
to take effect immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, California, this Jd day of May. A. D.
1900. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON. Secretary.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
Pan Francisco, State of California Probate
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
FHARP. deceased. Notice for publication of
time appointed for probate of will (C. C P.,
tec. 1103).— Notice Is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the lfith day of May. A. D. 1900. at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day. and the courtroom
I of Department No. 10 of mid court, at the
new City Hall. In the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, have been ap-
pointed aa the time and place for proving the
will of aald ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the Issuance to
It of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
r>eted May 1. A. D. 1900.
WM. R. PHARP. Attnrnev fnr Petitioner.
rnoposALs.
PROPOSALS FOR MILITARY Vul>P_r__T_^8
New Montgomery et.. Ban Francisco, Cal.,
April 30th. 1900. Sealed proposals In triplicate
! will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m..
! May 18th. 1900, and then opened, for furnish-
ing Stationery, Lanterns. B toves, Stove Fur-
niture, Lamp Chimneys. Feather Dusters, Of-
fice Tables. Rugs. Hardware, Saddlery, G. I.
liuckets. Alcohol. Stable Brooms. Excelsior.
Glue. Axle Grease. Leather. Lumber, Oils.
Paints. Rope. Soap. Sponge, etc. Preference
will be given to articles of domestic produc-
tion and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (Including in the price of
foreign productions, the duty thereon) and
such preference given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
I Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
1 reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Proposals for delivery at other points will
be entertained. Information and blank' pro-
posals furnished on application. Envelopes
. will be Indorsed "Proposals for Military Sup-
pile*. No. S5S8." and addressed CAPTAIN
OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster,
U. 3. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
TREASURY Department-Office of Marine Hos-
pltal Service. Port of San Francisco. Cal.,
May 12. 1&00— Sealed proposals will be received
nt this office until noon of TUESDAY. May
22. 1900. to furnish subsistence and other sup-
plies, including fuel and telephone service, for
use of the Marine - Hospital Service at San
Francisco, Cal.. during the fiscal year ending
June 30. 1ML Schedule8 and further Informa-
tion may be obtained upon application to the
undersigned. JAMES M. GASSAWAY. Sur-
geon. M. H. S.. in Command of Station.
¦ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at. either of the publication ctflces and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ASMUSSEN-In this city, May 12. 1900, to tho
wife of M. I. Asmussen, a daughter.
COUCHOT— In this city. May 13. 1900. to the
wife of Georce J. Couchot. a son.
McADAMS— In this, city. May 11. 1900, to the
wife of Alexander J. McAdama, a daughter.
"married" ~~~
CHRISTIAN— HOBSON— In this city. May 12.
1500. by Kev. John A." B. Wilson.- Russell 'F..
Christian of Kurllngame, San Mateo County.
and Jersfe Viola Hobson of Honcut, llutte
County. Cal. '
DOWNES— REEVES— In this city. May 1.-1900.
by Rev. J.' Fuendeing, . James W. Dowries and
Anna M. Reeves. • — ¦. • ' >
HAGEN— HAECKL—In this' city, at Central
• Methodist Episcopal Church, May 12. • 1900, by
Hev. 1 Dr. 8. D. HutsttiDlller. Rudolf A. Ha-
gen and Annla Ilaeckl, both of this city.
HARRIS— JOLLEY— In this city,' May 32. 1900.
by Rev. Jorfu A. B. Wilson. William Thomas
Harris and Margarine Hanna Jolley, both of
San Francisco. ¦ • • . - ¦ ;, . ¦. ¦ .
JOHNSON— DAI5S— In thin cjty. May 10; 1900.
by Rev. J. Fuehdeling.- Charles Johnson and
Catharlna Elisabeth Dalss. v ,
LANO— ROLICIIECIC— In this city, at Central
Methodist Episcopal Church. May. 13, 1900. , by
' ' Rev.- I>. S. ¦ Hutslnplller. .- Charles - Lang and
.Christine Rollchecftv. both of Tiburon. Cal.
LASSELLE— STORK— In this city, at : 212
Haight street. May ¦ 10. 1900, , by ; Rev. -. S. D.
Hutslnplller, Frank Lasselle of San Franclaco
and Mrs. Carri» M. Btork' of Oakland. /:..-
RYANV-LOU IS— In ; this city. • May , 9. J 1900. ''< by
Rev. J. FucndellngvRalph M. Ryan and Alma
Louis- •¦ ¦.¦-•'¦•¦¦•-¦ .•':"" • '• ' - ¦'. ."•.-.',
BAILBOAI) TRAVEL,
"[liJHTED
Santa Fe Route
T2CHICAGO
'This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent
Connecting Train Leaves San Fjiakcisco:
I P.n . Monday. Wednesday, Friday and
.Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAMD I*eares San Francisco at £:M
EXPRESS P- m * w ' th Palace and Tourist
~ a 11 _ car * f or Kansas C»tj, St- Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalla, Tulare da An
and Bakcr&field. ROAD
SEC YOU liN San Francisco office. 623
"fRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Main
ikio.u OUUT* 15J1 . Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street. .
NORTH PAGING COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April SS. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLBT
AND SAN KAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 7:W. •»:»). »:30. l!:0O a. m.:
12:45. -1:45, 1:15. 4:15. KAb, «:li. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TUIPS— i'or Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Monday*. Wedncndaya. Saturday*
and Sundays, at y:00 and 11:3.*> p. m.
. SUXJAYS- T:00. »S:CO. '9:00. »10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.; 11:45. «l:30. . 2:30. »3:43. 8:00. «:00, 7:»
p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEKK DAYS— 5:35. »«:20. 7:50, »:40. »10:15 a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. 2:15. »S:30. 4:30. S:3» p. rn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. V.'ednesdays
and .Saturday* at *<:4S and 10:20 n. m.
SCNDAVS— 6:15. •«:«». »3:50. '11:00 a, m.; •11:00
m.^l:00. 2:1J. '3:33. 4:30. 'SMJ. «:4J. 7:30. 10::»
p." in.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MIM, VALI.KY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATP-5:5J. 8:45. 8:00. 8:55.- !»:*> a.
m.: 1I.S5. 1:45. 1:45. 3:30. 4:30. 5:» p. nv.
.EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. VV'ednesdaya
and Saturdays at 7:1» and -10:20 p.; m.
- 8UNDAYS— «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; 12:15,
1:20 8^0. S:45. 4:5T». 4:15. 7:05. 10:J3 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. n.'w«k day»— Caradero and way ata-
¦ tlons. ¦ .' :
1:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and. way sta-
tions. - - J iiTj inii 11 Wf*6ill!L3M!U_*fe>-fC
E:l!» p. m. : weekdays Oaturdays cxeepted)—
Point Reyea and way stations. .'. . :
t :00 . a. m. s Eundays—Cazadero - and way ita-
- tlons. ¦- . < ... ¦ '-- ¦ ¦ '
12:45 p. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. £S_BS_BB9_! |WyW
1H1.LVALLF.TAND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
- April 22.' 1SC0. via- Sausallto Ferry. Week
: days— Leave 8an Francisco/ 9:30 a. ¦ m. .1:45
p. m." Sundays— Leave San Francisco. 8 a. m..
9 a. m.,10 a. m.. ,11 a. m.. 1:J) p. m., !:»
. p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
salito Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot.'
foot of Market" st, Sah' Francisco. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco, Jl 40. »
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
SWrrZEP/8 STOCK TAUDS. CORNER
TWELFTH AXD HARRISON STS..
THIS DAT.
[ MONDAY. May 14th. at 11 a, m.
We wtli cell another carload of Horse* an4
Mares from the Oregon Ranch. They ar» front
4 to * years old. Just the same kind of horse*
we Mid last Monday, and sold on tha sami
conditions without reserve or limit.
Horses will arrive Saturday. Mar 12th.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
- - - ¦ Office XX Sixth street.
.fe AUCTION SALE OF &
HIGH-CLASS HACKXEYS. COACH. CAR-
RIAGE. ROAD AND SADDLE HORSES.
All thoroughly broke to drive alngle. double,
tandem and fcur-in-hand. with fine knee ac-
tion. Also to rlUe and Jump. The most of them
1 well known with the Hurllnzam* Hunt and
some of them blue ribbon winners at lost bors*
¦how.
Also the thoroughbred stallion IMP. LOYAL-
IST. Th* property of JO3. DYER. 3AN MA-
TEO: JUDGE 8. K. DOUGHERTY. SANTA
ROMA; FULTON O. BEUKY ESQ.. FRESNO,
and others.
To Be SoTd on
TUESDAT. MAT 15th. 1300.
AT 1 P. M.. AT
SALESTARD. 1732 MARKET ST.. CORNXB
VAN NESS AVE.
CHASE _ MENDENHALU
Successors, to Kllllp A Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses can be seen at yard Friday, May 11.
Catalogue now ready.
/?__ _tt^ _t_5
TUESDAT. MAT 13th. 11 a. _L
30 horses, suitable al! purposes.
I AT i:.I7 MISSION STREET.
BATXKOAD TRAVEL
¦OtITSIKH* l*ACirifl «'OJIP_5IT.
IrActno *YN'rtx.)
Train* !•<•»««• nml nrn «lu* In nrrln al
MAX nURCMCAi
(Main Line. Foot of Market Ssraefc, )
lbati — Fitow Mat 13. IS00. — arriti
*7:OOa ISfiiicU, 9n!iuu. E'.raira. Vaca»D*,
Kaawi ud _craaunio ti<9>
•7iOOa StauU Kzareas— O»t_. \Vl!li«mg (for
Bartlatt Sprlogs). Willows. Uetl
Blutf. forUand. : *7:ISt
•7::ii» * Martinex. _m Uamoii. Vallejo. _ap»,
O»!l»«x* ai"l 8anU Uo*» *9il3p
•SMIO* DatU. Woodland. KnljliU Laadloc. —
MujsTille. <>ia<lli« «7iI5r
•1:OOa AtUati.: Kxprsu — Og-]«n »ad Kaat '11:13a
•»!«•« _«a .li.ia. Utecmote. xtucktmi,
]on«, AacrsiHeuto, PUetlitlls,
MirjifUle fbleo. !:•<! IthirT 'liMr
•lliSO* Oakttate. Cklnea* .(for Yci«mi».
_uon. Carten. *«ilSt
•>»:«O» Ti»jw»r.l». HUM »n.l \V tj Htatioua. *1 I : t."V»
¦BitWA L01 Aoplf Express — Martines.
Tncj, l_t,!.ru;i, KtocktOD. Merced
anil t'rasiio *0>4.1r
•9:104 V*ilrj... MartiDex »n<l Way Stations *«:llf
•IO:vn> The Of«rl*i«i limited— Ogdea, Dwa-
t«r. Om»h*. CUe_K» •3:|.1»
*lli««A Nilrs. Ijtarmnre. Muvckton. S_lr»-
mrnti.. Meuduta, ilanford, VUalla.
PortonlUa.... MjI»»
•l»:t)ftv Hjy«»r.l3. Mies and Wny Ststlons. "iMif
(l:«li>r s,u-r*iii«"ti»<i Iflter .S:e«i.ier».. t3:Ut»*
•S:»»r Haj-'anls. Nilca »n<l W»f atmtlona. m »i**l
•IMMir M.iiiiiw. Man r«_wi. V_i*)o.
- K-i-k. < ¦»!'«' < ¦*¦«. »»¦> t » llr«» *•¦ IS>*
*4i»or ISsuicU. Winters, Hacraineiao,
WiM>ill»n<i. KhivlitS I_uiliig.
M«ry«»illc. Omtillw '10:111
•4i3Or Nl!e». !iauJ«ww him! .Slock «uu *?>Mp
•lioarTlM O»l I.j!oit«.l — Irary. Fresno.
luhrtvtietil. tt_i«ua f..r H»uta H*r-
b_>. l^.« A ¦•K«l<-» «»»-l»4
•3:0Or Fresiio rawenjer— MsrUnrz, Lsth*
. rop. Stock U»L. Ht-rce.1. Uerend*
(K.jTr.n-Ht for Vwemitu). Itwiio.. ( IJ:Mr
•5i:ior New Jrlr.ur Eipreia-IUkersiiel.l.
hliitn U«rh»r«. I.i.k Ali(«l_. ]>•_•
ln«. Kl I'uo. New Utlnua ji.d .
Ku*t •».13a
*3iS«r Maul* ¥» lU>ni<t— Allmitla Kiprns
for M.i!«f» ami Kant *<lil.1p
•«in«r iUjwtiiU, KUm ««a Sat. Jess *7»i»«
1H:Oiir V»ilej« m f4»iHr
•SiO»r Oriental Mail— Ogilcn. Cbojenne.
Omahm. Chicaxn 'll:«i
*«:OOr Orient *1 >Uil-(>B'Ira. . Deoter.
Omalta. Chicago. 'til-P
}7in9p ValloH Tufl <;•»!• anil Way HU-
tl..i,a |ti.VV
•»il>Jr Orc K iM> ami CaiKnmU Ki|>r«u.Hao-
IWHMlbl. M«. t P.,.IU. K.MIll*.
f..«H»i..l. 1-iik^'. s...,,,.l «,,, I K»hK •¦:!¦•>>
I'OtVI I»HI-«ION (Nariii'T Iodine).
(Koot <f M^rkft .Street.!
{7:*5a Hant* Cruz Kicursiun for r*»nt*
Cruz a.u.1 1'rincl^ml Way Station* ;S)*9»
•Si !¦"»* N»vr»rk.«v,,f- t »i;,r.Si,,.l.,,r. Krltm,.
lloul(IerCrr«k.MantaUru*aiiitWar
fiUtiuKS •«;3»»
tlil.1p Newark, Cantarvillv. f*n Jo*. New
Aloiatleii. Kelrmi, lUmltler Cre«lf.
Santa i.'rux ami I'liudpal Way
Station* tio..1«»»
«4il."»r Newark. Man .!«>•». l*m Oacoa •!»¦.¦»»»
»»«:l.1r OlenwooJ. Felton. Pan'% CrtfZ «»!.1»»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rraaSl* rHKOiSCO— fni •' Marktt Slfi.l (Sh» «)—
•7:1S KOO ll.iiOt.H. 11:03 '2:53 't3::3
•4:C3 15:C3 't.Zif.m.
rin0tUI»3-r»l tf 8n.J«.f— -fiOO WOO 10:00*.H.
1U:C3 -*1:C3 ta.CO '3:33 H:C3 *3:83r.ii.
COAST DIVISION (i:roa.n;«uKf).
(Ihlnl m.d To-mw.1 St-..)
t)3. 1. 1, ikmii Viaur. .sonfh Hmn Kr.nci^c... . f«s_«F
t?:«»» Man Jims »¦¦•! Vimy .Stxth.na (New
Almadm \V«<ltie«iUj«f>iil;) *l:3»p
)7i20a SumUy Excursion f r Saa Jose,
HaQla. Cruz. Pacific Grote aail
Principal Way Stations {9:33*
•»!»•» Han J<»*. Trra Ci.,i,». Hanta On,
,'•.-• Taeilic l.'n.ic. I'wi'UaMei, Han
l.nia Oltinpn. Surf. I.oiupoe ami
Principal War SUtlims 'tiff
•Iniio* 9au .1»ie ami VV«y MUiion* *«::I5»
•Ili3u* >»M.I..«-,Lo«(;ato»»ii.l\V«»sut|oin •3tS»r
fai-ISp Han Mat«>. Kr<lw u n.l. Menlo Patk.
Palo Alto. Hanta Clara. Sun ,li.»».
Trea Plnoa. Hanta l.'m*. Salioaa.
MuHier«jr ai«l l-ciflo Orufe |la:3*4
t:ii:in t > Man .>¦»¦« ami Way Statlnni •?:3»r
Hil.tr San Jo*« ami Principal W »j Station. *!l:43a
t5i«o~S_i Jl— , Ixm Gatoa ami Prlueipal
WaySUtlooa «1»:«»4
>3:3Or ShJiim au<l l*rloclii»l Way Stations t">33a
'«:;i»r Sau Joa* and WayHtaliuua tM:«O«
»ll;-|.tr San .Iciean.l Way Station! »7:-Op
A for Murniiif P f or Afternoon. ~
* Daily. t ¦-* 'i >• '1 »r eic«i>tfi ! Hunday only.
6 Saturday only.
a 3»tnr la» an<t i«n<**». « Sunday and Mondav.
CALIFORNIA NOfiTBWESTEBN RY. CO.
LBSSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SA_N _ RAXCISCO TO SAM KAFAEI*
WEEK UATS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 _ m.1 12:33.
1:30. 5:10, t:30 p. m, Thursdays— Extra, trt?
at 11:30 o. ni. S_tur<!*ys— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:29 D. m.
SU.NDAY_-8:00. »:30. U:00 a, n_: l:S0. IJfl.
6:00. <:2O t>. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO 8AM rB_»-MCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:60. »:I0. U:10«. m.: 13:«.
1:40. 5:15 p. m. Baturdays— Extra trips at
1:53 and <:2S D. m.
EUNDAT3-8:10. >:40. 11:10 a. n_: 1:«, I:M.
5:03. 1:25 V. m.
Betrrecn Saa Francisco and Schuetisn P__
lima gchaJul* — » above. -
Leav* . J In Effect. I ArrtT»
Barv rranelsco. lApr. 13. MOO.I Saa FTanclsco.
Week J Sun- J I 8un- I We«k
Days. I day*, f Destination.! daya. 1 Day.
; 7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 ana
1 1:20 pm 9:3ft am Pctaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 an
f:10pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm t:20pia
F'ulton. •
1-M am . Windsor. 13 :C an
Healdiburx-
L ytton.
G«ys«rvlll9.
t:» pm >:C0sm Cloverdale. 7:33 pm t:tOym
T:»«ml f Ropland I |10:J5 am
8:33 pm| »:00 ami and Cklah. I 7:35 pm| «:_> ptn
7:30 ara . 10:_lam
S.OO am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
»:M ptn . l:Mma
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9: IS am 8:40 aoa
s J and - .
1:10 pm S:0O pm' Glen Ellen. C:Q3 pm 8:20 pta
7:30 ami S:CO am) ' 110:40 am 110:25 an
3:30 pnr.l 3:C0 pm| Sebastcpol. I 7:33 pm| 8:M pm,
.Sta«re« connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wett
Springs and White SuTphur Sprtnss: at Faltoa
for Altruna: at I-ytton for _ytten Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaess 8prlr._s:at Clov«rdal»
for the' O«ysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Eprlnirs. Highland Ppr',n«s. Kelsoy*rllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Eprlngs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratos»
Bprln^s. Bin* Lakes. Laurel Dell _ake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno. Potter yalley,
John Day's. Riverside. Uerley's. Bue^nell's.
Fanhedrln Height". Hullvllle. Orr'a Hot
Springs. Mendoclno CJty. Fort Bragr. We«t-
port. ITaal. . Wllllts. Lartonvllle. Cummin*.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dytr. ScotU
and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday roaad trip tlaksta aa
reduced rates. - -•
I- On-8unday rtmnd trip tickets to an point*
I berond San Rafa«l at half rates.
• Ticket office*. 450 Market st. ChronM* blda,
H. C. wniTIXG. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agant.
f Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
mPi^awn ln •*••">• 'or th? treatment rt Pri»at«
KLU— . DiwusM, bost ManhtMHl Debility or
. tmSSrvfflm di*eas«»*ei»r1nzon bortyantS mlndand
¦JbBfwBjJ .~-<ln Df«3a_<_. l'herloctorcur<>awheii
_^E_4_E_ ott "*" {alL Try him. Chnrgs* low.
;N|_H___3 CorfttasraiiUfrl Cillorwrltn.
Dr. _. *'- tilBBOX, Box 1937. Sau Fraoclaca
Weekly Call.Sl.OO per Year
MUSICAL. IXSTKCMEXTS.
_£ we represent the be»t make of planes la
every grade, trcm bte'e-way down to low-
priced nsakt?. and us cur installment pay-
xr.er.ts ere easier than those of other dealers.
? e are ir*e people from wbcm ycu should
Vurchare; n«w upright plane*. $6 cash. U per
nicrth: other pianos «. $4 and $i per month.
6RERMAN. CLAT _ CO.. Etelnwiy Dealers.
*° n £_ arr ' r * nfl £»«*r sts.. San Franc-sco:
cor. Thirteenth asd Broadway. Oakland.
A CARLOAD of beautiful new Et>> I>eckers
J_tt rec«i\«-«1: parties who have teen waiting
:>r thfse wl',1 do we!! to o*!l «l cr.c*. MAU-
a A IS. TCS Market st.
A FINE I'fcckard piano was sold recently to the
Perkeiey Hall Aa*oriatji"n. 1 O O ' F by
the UALTA1.S MUSIC CO., 7C3 Market »t.
IT '-* nor wise 10 throw away money on a sec-
ond-hand it-strurnert, when you can jet a
ftr.« r.*-» cat- po cheap _t MAUVAIS'. 7C3 Mar-
ket (St.
A r.TMBKn of ejcc-Dtior.e.l barcair.s; Weber.
\os*-. Chi'-kfr'.r.s. Sterling, Kisch-r; *7i up-
easy pajinfrts.
BnNJ. Cl-KTAZ_& EON. 16 CFarr-11 »t.
AliFOLLTELT tne c!<Wt iri larg<*t houT*
__St cf Chicago !¦ KOHLEK A CHASJT3.
tf rs and SO OF«r.-»ll rt.; planom. cream and
• .. ether rr.us!<_l Instruments cf all gnde»
mr.C prices: terms »«)•; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to p'eaie and satisfy th«
¦% ctMomer.
* ! rTE L1:G>NT tprTcht fcrTale or rent for~jiT
£42 Kearny at.
fOHMEK _ Co., lijron Uauzy planes. SOS to
812 Post st.
A ,ci-J™ A *y* only— N»w pianos, S2 50 per mo.
ECOTT-CURTAZ TIANO CO.. E«0 Hayes •_
GOOD Fischer; E reat bar5_ln. SCHMIT_. 1«
McAllister tt.. next Hlbernta Bank.
FINK Ptocfec. end Kteinway uprifiht: »acriflce_
KEEFFK'S. 1018 Van N'w- ave.. nr. Oeary «t.
XV. O. BADGER. 412 Pacraroento «.. agent for
Francis Bacoa and Hallett & Davis piano*.
SUPERIOR vlrl'.r*. rithers. old and new. I_
MVI.Lrn. msker. repairer, t Latham clae«.
OX^KICIiS A.'.C iKmCS— TO __T.~
LARGE stcre, ccrner teventh and Natoma;
u»e<3 SO yrs. as gTocery and taloon: reasonable.
OII_ ~~
IF you axe buylr.g c'.I etoek you better read our
fclfier, "How to Judge an Oil Company";'
mailed free en application. The International
Ir.ii'stmenta Co.. Henn« bide. Los Angeles.
PALMISTUY.
>!M_:. Neertaard. Pres. St. Germala Co!lege o(
PtlmUtry: reads 1 to 8. fli Geary, nr. Jcnes.
PEHSOXALS.
JiESPECTABLC responsible, rella^e^money
I _nil_g hcute; lowest rates; established 1S51;
our cwa f.rerroo! building; private entrance:
priNate rocir._ UNCLE HARRIS, li _ra_t
ave.
I_-__KEn'S Quintonica Hair Tonic. J5c bottle.
and hs Foamo tJharrr3 3, r»c package, are the
b^ft steers because f.nr*. 123 Stockton st.
J»RrVATE <5ete<nive work: roasonahle rates"; ten
years" experience. J. p. HAY. S^T Jessie st.
DR. VVENCEi?LON'S Tooth Powder presenes
an4 . b-autlftps the t»^th; hiRhly perfumed;
•end stamp for free sarapie. 1236 Market, r. S3.
LEDERER, the popa'.sr hail _re*»ier. doesn't
Kialte it _ t>o*nt to ohar_e *_ti.i for fancv or
elaborate h_ir<ir»>!=5mg: that which euits your
_ety;«cnjy _<. _2 _tocktcn st.
S3 LADIES' French kid shoe for tZ at the Bee
Hive Shir* Co.. 717 Market.
LEDERER u*°s Quintoni™ Hair Tonic to make
the hair slossy. 35c bottie. and Foamo Sham-
Poo to cioanye the scalp. 5c pkg. 12: Stockton.
ilISS SHELDON, chiropodist ar._ bU5iness~adI
vlr-e, iio Market ti... second finer, room 37.
_ ____>R__S and other suits bought: al»> old
g"id. I'oitland l>_n Of5ce, 25 Stockton st.
LEDEHER. the popular hairdresser: price only
?5c; no extra charee for fancy hairdresslnc;
has but one price for plain or the most elab-
f.ralp ociffurt-s. l»3 Stockton ft.
_>.' f Vpir.i f-u:t for tlZ To from imported or do-
trettic remnants _. LEMOS. 1U7 Market st-
between Seventh and Eighth.
E— ECTBIC liphts la every room; Winchester
Jlctel. 44 Third «t.. n»ar Market:. 100 rooms;
•to tf. Jl tD r«r nlr;ht: SI Mt to SE per we»k:
fre* 'bua and hacsap* to and from the ferry.
DETECTIVE-Honorafcie; ccnflder.ilal; secrets
inviolate. A^idrfss bcx 490. Call office.
l_ADIES'end cents' raFt-off cloUilne bought and
eoi-i Slivprman. SS4 Folson;; tai. Folsom J1SL
»i I'HOTOS tor JI per dozen at FoTTZERS.
114$ Markrt «t.. noar Taylor.
MAIK qulcklr curled or waved by using Tal- ;
c_rt'a Curlint: Kitud; 2hc t^iitle; druggist*. - j
CAST-OF" clot:.in(r. old soli and »l.v*r boucht:
CfPil pt_'.al. COLEllAX'F. DOS Kearny a*.
6TAMMEKING onirected: booklet. J. WHITR-
H«'KN. VM.. Vh.P.. 1315 Linden *t.. Oakland.
JK ycu with full value for your c&at-off cloth-
lr.g c_H on B. Cohen. 1S7 Third: tel. Black <12_
CHEAPEST anj best ln America— The Weekljr
Call, 16 r=ep«, eent to any address la the
United Ftaf-s. postpaid, for Jl per year.
PHOT.CttAPHIC tliPPUBS.
WE lean kodaks free; photo fwpplies; liackus
ttuiilo 11 Osry ft., cround flocr.
PHVSSCIA\S AND SOtGEOKS.
t?R. C. C. O" DON NELL— Office and residence.
ICTli* Market ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHRONIC dit-eappB treated: cures guaranteed.
DR. GORD1N. Sanitarium, i.14 Pine ft.
ER. STVAN'H Rheumat!*_. Cure. Jl; free to
poor even' Wedi e»».jv. it Geary at. -? :
XLCAL. ESTATI2 CITV KOll SALE.
POLK and !2P.OA!)WAT, KE. CORKE_t:«lot
101:Cx€l:3, with two houses; corner 44 feet
vacant; gocxl place for store and T.ars.
Mission, bH. ;7th and 1Mb; neat H-mcry bay-
wlr.Sow housf. S rooms and balh; already busi-
ness pnp_t| ; should be raised and a store
put btiow it; cood location for a doctor, muti-
dEn, <ires> maker, <tc ; cheap.
l»exinrton ave. (formerly Stevenson Ft.) be-
tween U'th en<* Wth; nf_t house. 6 rooms and
t>£Ih: cr.iy f_U/i; good neighborhood. Apply to
CT. S. CAPP &. CO.. real estate agents, 650
Market st.
$123) TO STW— 110 to tth monthly: 4 to 6 room
cottagr-s; bay-windows; latei-t lmprovenit-nts;
vlth one nr two lots each; street work don»;
r.e_r Fo!som-rt. cars; we do our own bulid- '
ing by <i_y's wr-rli and Fell _, |«r cent less
lh_ D other*: liave made iO fair.l!l'< happy the
; t-i-t year by facing ih?ir own landlonl. Ap-
ply D0L._^' BP.OTHKRS. 123 Cortland ave. [
ONLY cr.» left— Elegant new modern residence.
rltuaUKS on the east side of Hyde St.. bet. >
O»y and Washington: contains 3 rooms and
l.-tth. with all modern conveniences; neigh- [
t>ort".oo4 CrsL class; only tt-n minutes' ride
from Market and Keamy ets.; terms easy;
bonne or>«n.
OF'r'KR wanted— Lot 24:Sk123 feet on west line
cf Castro et., between Eighteenth and Nir»e-
te*Btfc; lirsiii^ss block. Apply A. M. SI'ECK
_ <'O.. CC7 Market «t *
U'ANTKD-At om-e; • Improved Incom* city
property; n"0n to SiOOO; for oa*h. at SrECK
* CO.'?. 667 Market ft. .
ENAP for pTfle nic<li>rate mean?: house of 2 ¦
fats, 4 rooms an3 bath rach; Jones 6t.; rent 1
12% month; no agents; $:GOO. Inquire 30SA 10th. .
FOR »a]«*— A ch'ap home, oon*iMiae of a nice ;
comfortable 4-roorned cottage, nearly new. .;
high basement, nice pard«i. chicken yards ;
«r.d chickens: half a bluck from cars. Inquire !
grocery store. ofi>oi«ite Falrmount School.
IF you have property north of the Park, or I
IIcr_-?r - * Addition and the _U»>ion. that 3'ou j
want to dlypose of. . then call on "VV. J. ]
GUNN. K0 California et. {
ONE lot fcr fale; 25x€; feet; south side of j
Ftevens^n Et_. l>etw**n Slh and 10th; price
S2400. Inquire 4M Ellis, in office. |
WODEHN houses and flats built at lowest j
;rlce«; plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL.. 1147 Mission >t.
CIinAPEET good property on PactHe Heiehts:
N'. side: view- sun- location superb. THE
MrCARTUY CO.. C4S Market St.
LOT 10^x109 on PrlcT^t. and Second ave. In J
the Castle Trnct. Inquire at »41 Mlwlon >t. j
CHEAPHET and b-«t to America— The Weekly j
Call. IS paces, sent to an/ address In t'.>«
TTrited P'»t>s. r*-*tra»i<1. fnr tl 'i»r »»»r.
KKAL KiTATK — COlTxi'ItV — Fur £al_ j
MUST Bi: SOL1> 1
TO CI-OSE TArtTNERSniP.
17 «crrs chr,:r;e land In Konoma County, unlm-
prcvrJ; ait.> 2'j aerer. with abnut li acre*
j-o-j:.g orchard, fiowirg well. £:n_li liouee ar.J 1
bnrn. good f*-nc*-s. chicken houses, etc; will I
tcM eeyaT-teiy or tc?rct!ier. Aj-ply Corcnoon)
Owner. 202 _lgtith tt.. city.
1275*— DKSIRAELU country hem*; JO acres
cno!c<>t-t fruit lunfi; jcoi) aim'.n.l and S9 nelect |
frurt tree*. 5 to « y.-ars cM; n-w hard-flnlsheU
resldtr.ee; barn _nd Mher Initlditigi!; excellent
«p_J tit •water: n^w •wlr,«lmiil; goo«l ecliool; de-
rlrable nr idibcrbood; by rail 112 J:ours frcm
K. F. Arr>y ~i Pablo ave.. Oakland.
ALTA I'i.'NTA Tract. Kan 1 'a bio «ve~« mllea
r.erlh or Iterkrlev. nrar Hanta Fe Railroad—
Valley !a.n<l J.y the i-.-re. JIJ!) to fyyi call for
iri_T'«. *:<*.. onC. XV. llAIGHT. 4O1 CaS. «l.
iCCUrtATn f""-onal knoniedge — >_ch~^if the
Z r A.b n.ncl-.ri en my »ale s.nd exrhange ilst. _T
_____£_¦_:'__ ;h * Land Ag-nt. 18 CJeary et- - -
it!IX Valley: hfiise «n<l !ot rheap; on'acoaunt
cf <iep<.rtu:*e. Bcx 420. Call office. -
A WEKK'? "new* for S cents— The Weekly Call.
M pacce. in wra. per, 'cr cuUlUie. II per year.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. !
BUSH, 1408— Floor of 3 rooms and bath. fur»
nlshed for housekeeping.
CLAY. UiU near Flllmore-2 large unfurnished
room?; yard;^water; rear; rent 17. • ,
DEVISADERO. 1903—2 runny front roomi and
bath, completely furnished; rent 118. ¦
FIFTH. 3<S— Suite of rooms; furnished com-
pl*t» for housekeeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM, fc30— 2 large front rooms for house-
keeping; rent reasonable; also others; chea.p.
GEARY. UZ\— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; light
huustkeetilr.g; private family; references.
OROVr. 42"'V». nr. Ortavla — Two sunny rooms
and kitchen; Btove; yard; $9 month; also sin-
gle room. >4.
HYDE. 4CS-Nicfly furnished back parlor, with
j sunny kitchen, gas stove; $16.
JftNTES. 2_«1. err. Gr»-»nwlch— 2 large sunny
j furnlshe-1 rocrrf", $10; 3 unfurnished. $8.
KKAHNY. XS.~ne_r Sutler— A front suite. JllJ
E»». Janitor service free. Apply 13 Grant avej
LEAV1S, IS. off Ta>lcr. near Post—! unfurnished
mmiiy frrr.t rooms; H>.
MARKET, lit*— 3 romns. furnished for house-
keeping. $10; 2 unfurnished. 16.
I MARKET. irSS. r.ear City Hall— Three sunny
, front rooms; water; range;_J15; 3 rooms. t!2.
MeAIJ.I.«TKR. C3* (Eaton's Bazaar)— 2 lance
rooms, kitchen and bath; reasonable.
2 LARGE sunny frrnt rooms, kitchen and bed-
room; furbished complete for housekeeping;
furniture ell new;' $2 per week. Apply at
rhn« •tor*. S *T Miwlon st.. bet. 1st and 2d st*.
MISSION, 2C55— Two sunny furnished house-
keet>lnt rooms; um of bath. laundry, yard.
NATOMA. €3SB-Sunny front room, nicely fur-
i nlshed; private family: rent reasonable.
| NOE, 153 — Complete housekeeping; 2 sunr.y bay-
, window rooms; coal or gab t,tove; bath; J1I.
OAK, £4— Nice sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
O'KARRELL. 74?— S nicely furnished house-
• keeping rooms; parlor floor. 118. $20.
I PINE. l?00— 2 or 3 unfurnished sunny corner
I basement rooms; sink; range; yard; J'.O.
j POLK. L22— Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
I also single mom: cheap.
• SACRAMENTO. 1514, bet. Hyde and Larkln-
j l_rge sunny front rooms, elegantly furnished;
modem: appreciated If seen;- light housekpg.
SCOTT. 16K— Flrnt floor of 3 unfurnished rooms;
i hath, garden, laundry; adults only; $16; v«-
j cant June 1.
ECOTT. 1723— Three unfurnished housekeepinf
rooms; use of bath; SS or {10 month.
I SHOTWELL. 217—2 or 3 sunny connecting
rooms, complete for housekeeping; gas and
j bath.
! SOI'TH PARK. 184—1 or 2 sunny front rooms;
rlcely furnished for housekeeping.
i STEVENSON. 851 — Two sunny clean furnished
i housekeeping rooms; also cellar and >~ard.
! TWELFTH. 12, near Market— Bedroom and
j kitchen, furnished for housekpg; rent J7. JS.
! VAN NESS ave.. 4S— Sunny front rooms for
| houeekeeplrg. J12 to $1S; also single rooms for
j gentlemen. 96 to $10.
; 3 Fl'RN. housekpg. rms.; elegant private res.;
: gas; stove; piano; bath; $18 50. Box 2537, Cell.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
I subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
! lencia. St.
j ROOMS TO Li:T~Karn. and I nf urn.
I A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms
i 25c to $1 per nirfct ; $1 £5 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A-'THE ELMER HOUSE," J24 Bush St.. ad-
Joining the Rum Hotel; E4 rooms; all prices.
! AT t?7 Howard— Chane«M hands: respectable:
: newly renovated: single, double anil house-
l keeping rooms: $1 ud.
! BAKER, 1511—2 sunny front unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; bath.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post. ccr. Stkn.— Single and cor.
runny suites: finest ln city: h., c. water: cars
pass door; elevator; tourists accommodated.
BURNETT. 1428 Market st. (old No. 1364)-Fur-
nlfhed rms.. suites, «!ngle: 8lxo unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 12P« Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave. — Sunny corner: well furn.: rms. _ office*.
CLARA, 152V»— Neatly furnished room ln private
German-American family; rail afternoons.
j KLLIS, CIS— Elegant furnished parlors; suites
for 2 or t centlemen: near City Hall.
j FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
I to let.
| FOLSOM. biS— Room fcr gentleman; li; private
I family.
! FOLSOM. !>CS, cor. *th— <Th« Oliver)— Newly
furn. sunny room*, xlnsle or suites; reasonbl.
j GEARY. <C5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
| rooms; suites or tingle; travelers aecom'dated.
I GOLDEN GATE. «31— 1 furnished room. $«; also
large unfumlnhed. »7 60; payment in advance.
! GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite > or
f'.ngle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
I HANCOCK HOUSE. 711 Mission St.— Select
family rooming house; $1 SO to JS per week.
HOTEL Francisco — Elegant suites; single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HOWARD. SU9 — Rooms from Jl week up to $5;
25c to (I night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD.. 94C — Doable and single rooms, $1 to
Si .".0 per vrk.: clean, <fulet and respectable;
will rent one room to neat woman, half price,
to answer be!l during landlady's absence.
j HOWARD. lOGJB-Unfurnlshed front bay-win-
¦ dow room. SS: also single furnished room. $6.
| JESSIE, C23 — Near new poatofflce; rooms;
i cheap. .''•
i McAIXISTER, 477 — Nicely furnished sunny
j room; cheaj>.
! 1T1XNA. 2^ — Sunny furnished single rooms to
let; 75c and $1 per week.
: MINNA, 6€7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
j window rcom. tl per week; transient.
! O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms anj
j offices: elevator: electric lights; day. wk.. mo.
¦ POLlv. C19— Two or three sunny front rooms;
j gas range; modern; private family.
j POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
. suites or tingles: running water: gas: reas.
| ROSEDALE Hous». 319 ft 321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
| night. 2Sc to $1; week. II 25 t.i 14; open night. ]
I ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis »t.— Incandescent
i light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
! parlor; rooms, per nlcht. iSc to $1 60: week. $2
! to $S; month. 5* to $20: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
j SECOND. tt'V-NlceJy furnished or unfurnished
i rooms, double or rinrle. with or without
I beard. 117 and Jis. with washing.
i SHERMAN' Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
j STEVENSON. 619-Front hall bedroom. SI per
i week. Apply 2 p. m.
i St'TTER. 1111. nr. La rkln— Comfortably furn..
j single, suites; also htkpg.; term reasonable.
j THE OAKS. 119 Thlrd-A good rooming house
| for cond people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
j THIRD. 5HH— JS; 2 large unfurnished rooms;
j rear of barber shop; side entrance.
! TURK. 230— Single and double sunny rooms;
j reasonable.
I VAN NESS ave.. 401 R— One or two nic»ly fur-
nished rooms; sunny upper flat; modern and
centrally located.
CLAt_IFlK_ advertisements and subscriptions
r»r»tve<l at <~a'l branch of Dee. 2S0O Flllmora st.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ar.d
{ vubwriptlona has Leer, established at 1096 Va-
| lends, et.
I *— "— -™ —^ — — m
KOOSIS AXD UOAIin.
' A PRIVATE family of 2 owning modern resi-
dence, desirable location; couple or two gen-
tlemen; table first-class. Box 21C0. Call.
BUCHANAN. 812— Sunny furnished rooms; cor.
house: modern Improvements; telephone; with
or without board: reasonable.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk anil Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; J25 up..
HAIGHT. 233— Sunny rooms, with board for t.
$40 per month: also parlor suite for 2. $S0.
LAS PALM A F. 1_0 Market st.— Suite of 2 or -1
rms.: private: balh: sin. rms.: board optional.
MARKET. \ZZ&. near Cltr Hall— Room ..and
board. $15; sunny room, $4.
VAN NESS ave., M4 <The Wallace)— Rooms and
h/>»»"d; furnished and unfurnished: $21.
UOOMS AXD BOARD WAXTEd"
WANTED — Room for father, and board for 2
children; boy. 4 years; girl, 10 years; must be
reasonable: state price. Box 2311. Call office.
~ HOO3IS WA.NTI2D. .
YOUNG Japanese wishes room near the Chutes
In return for work in morning. Addrees T.
• HERBERT. Chutes. Halght st.
___________^___ _____
r_LES~HETER FREILING'S pile *alve. U per
. box: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itrhlnj. external. Internal or protruding plleg
without' fail, no matter of how long et_nj-
lr.r. 1_S PevleAdero St.. near Suiter.
BAD tenants ejected' for M; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
' Co.. 41S Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. use.
ROOMS r»l>*red from $3: whitened. $1 up;
palatine done. Hartman Paint Co., Sit Third.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully 'Invited. 'to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her . late resi-
dence. 1735 Fifteenth avenue south, South San
Francisco, thenea to All Hallows' Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
TIEDEMANN— In this city,. May 13, 1900, Frank
Tledemann, beloved and only child of Claus
and Katie Tledemann, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 11 days.
URBACH— In this city. May 12. 1900. Ignatz
Urbach, beloved father of Annie, .Alfred and
Fronie Urbach, a native - of Hungary.
FRIENDS and acquaintances and officers and
.members of the Hungarian Mutual Aid So-
cley: You are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral of Ign-ts Urbach. this day (Mon-
day), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of Charles
J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
-WM. ROSENBERG. Sec.
C_"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 306 Sanchez street,' between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, thence to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. • Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
McREYNOLDS— In Santa Rosa, May 10, 1900.
Hannah, wife of James McReynolds, and
daughter of the late Cornelius T. Murphy.
PIERRE— In Berkeley. May 11,-1900. Eleanor
R. Pierre, beloved mother of B. A. Pierre,
a native of Bancor, Maine, aged 61. years 9
months and S days.
S1LVA— In South San Francisco, May 12. 1900.
Maria Gloria Sllva, dearly beloved wife of
John Sllva. and beloved mother of Annie and
Joseph Sllva, a native of Facet, Azores, Por-
tugal, aged 50 years.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 365 Hayes street, thence to St. Joesph'e
Church, where a requiem high mass vi 111 be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
KLINOE— In this city, May 15, 1900. William
• Kllnge,. dearly beloved husband of - Reglna.
Kllntre, stepfather of Henry and grandfather
of Georse. Sophie. Adler. Willie and Ttlile
Spellman, a native of Eldenberg, Saxony. Ger-
' many, aged 62 years.
MACDONALD-In this city. May 13, 1900. Dru-
sllla, beloved wife of William Frederick Mac-
donald, and daughter of Thomas Hudson, a
native ot New York City, N. T.. aged 49
years 6 months and 10 days.
MACK-In this city. May 13. 1900, LJzile Mack,
beloved wife of Fred C. Mack, and daughter
of James and Elizabeth Allan.
McCARTHY— ln this city. May 12. 1900, Mary,
beloved wife of Michael McCarthy, ami
mother of Daniel McCarthy, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 61 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for cervices.
Interment' Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McGRANAGHAN— In this city. May 12, 1900.
Joseph, beloved husband of Margaret Mc-
Granaghan. a native^>f Irelana, aged 5» years.
(New York papers please copy.)
E_"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth street.
th*-nce to St. Ienatius Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
KELLT— In this city. May 11, 1900. Thomas W..
beloved husband of Aggie Kelly, and son of
Mrs. Mary J. and the late James Kelly, a
native of Virginia City. Nev., aged 27 years
7 months and 6 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
< Monday ». at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1313 Leavenworth street, between Pa-
cific and Jackson. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital.
May 13, 1900. Sophie Johnson, a native of Fin-
land, axed 29 years.
KEEFE-In this city. May 11. 1900. Mary Keefe.
a native of County Kilkenny, Ireland. (New
York Journal please copy.)
(_TFriend!i and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors cf Porter & V/hlte. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HEIMANN— In this city, May 12, 1900. Sjisle,
dearly beloved wife of August M. Helmann.
mother of Walter Hcimann. daughter of M.-ir-
guerette Koberer, and sister of Mary, Carl
and ChristoDher Koberer and Mrs. Lena
Gundlach, a native of Germany, aged 34 years
S months and » days.
(ETFuneral services this day (Monday), at
10 o'clock, at her late residence, 924 Flllmore
street. Cremation private at I. O. O. K.
Cemetery- Mease omit flowers.
HAAKE-In this city. May 12. 1900, Oliver,
dearly beloved son of Mrs. C. Haake and the
late John C. Haake. and beloved brother of
Mr?. C. Bvxbee. Mrs. C. D. Chase. Mrs. A.
Lyons and Lillian. Dora, Delia. Clara. Fred
Charles. Henry and the late iiirdie Haake.
a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years. , .
JpTFrlends and acquaintances 'are respect-
fully Invited to attend the services at the
residence of hjs mother, 14 Chattanooga
street, this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
HACKETT— In this city. May 12. 1900. James
Hackett, beloved brother of T. \V. Hackett, &
native of Ireland, aged 64 years.'
AUER— In this city, May 12. 1900. Andrew Auer.
dearly beloved, husband of Alice Auer, brother
of Annie Auer, and nephew of Mrs. Walters
of Oakland, a native of Llmburg an der Lahn,
Heesen-Nassau. Germany, aged 30 years and
7 months. A member of Kureka Lodge No.
6. O. d. II. S. i
C7Ftlends and acquaintances and members
of Eureka Lodse Xo. 6, O.' d. H. 8.. are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of H. _. Petersen _ Co.. i28 Mc-
Allister street, thence to, St. Boniface's
Church, Oolden .GRte avenue, near g Jones
street, where a requiem high mass will bo
celebrated for the repose of his" soul, com-
tnenclng-'at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BEECHER— In this city. May 13. 1900, Delaware
Beecher, beloved husband of Lavina Beecher,
and father of Myrtle. Clyde and Arlington
Beecher, a. native of Sautb Carolina, aged 69
years.
BOSCH— In this city, May 12. 1900, Klizabeth
Katherina Iionoh. beloved wife of George Bd-
wnril Bosch, and mother of George Edward,
Helen. Vi\ C, Frank. Florence, Josephina.
Charles and Annie Elizabeth Bosch, and
sister of Brune Henry and • Elizabeth Kath-
erina Gerdes and the late Mrs. W. \V. Walms-
ley, a. laitive of San Francisco. Cal.. aged 23
years 3 months and 27 days.
£_" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Metzler's parlor*. €36 Washington street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BRIIXJEWOOD— In this city. May 13, 1000,
Hannah A., beloved wife of S. J. Bridge-
wood, and daughter, of the late John and
Margaret Geary, a native of Boston, Mass.
{_TNotlfe of funeral hereafter.
GILBKKT— In the City and County Hospital.
May 12. 1900. Emll Gilbert, a native Of France,
aged SO years. ' .
GILL— In the City and County Hospital, May
13, 1S00. Thomas Gill, a native of California,
aired 32 years. .
GM.'CK-ln this city May 11. 1900. Elizabeth
«!luck. beloved mother of Mrs. Charles Mayer
Jr. and Herman Gluck. a native of Neumuhl,
ltadeu. Germany, aged 73 years.
DIED.
Auer, Andrew ;' Kelly, Thomas W. •
Bosch. Elisabeth K. Kllnge, William
Beecher, Delaware Macdonald. Drusllla
Bridgewood, Hannah Mack, Lizzie
Gilbert, Emll McCarthy, Mary :
Gill. Thomas - McOranaghan, Joseph
Gluck. Hllzabeth McReynolds, Hannah
Haake. Oliver Pierre. Eleanor R. i
Hackett, James Sllva, Maria G.
Helmann. Susls " Tledemann, Frank
Johnson. Sophie Urbach. lgnatz
¦ Keefe, • Mary '.Society .correspondence and invitation
papers . in . the ' correct ; tints : and , sizes.^ . AVe
engrave and print wedding invitations and
announcements; "."reception,' t dinner. ,:iat
home f and ;' visiting ¦ cards : in ;¦ the latest
f prm.X: Special ; sale of ¦ odd papers ; contin
ues this -week and. next, In our station
ery department. Sanborn, Vail & Co. 741
Marketst; - . v ':**<
A musical andV literary entertainment
will be given at ;-'A. ; - M. E. v Zion i Church/
805 < Stockton i street;.', to-morrow
for the. benefit ? of, the ; rally if und." A^ com
mittee, of. which John: L.; Clay ton ,13, chair-^
manr is preparing J a! splendid } programme/
and an enjoyable, time Is assured. . -
Benefit for ; Bally" Fund.
The attendance at Glen Park '.was. very
large yesterday afternoon, and those who
went there enjoyed an - excellent pro
gramme. Professor Romaine made his
daring bicycle ride and there was a cake
walk contest, participated in by more
than' twelve couples.' . : :*•""'.
At Glen Park.
E. M. Carson, an : agent, was arrested
yesterday on a warrant /charging' him
with obtaining, goods : byi false ; pretenses.
The complaining witness is F. ; R. ; Neville,
manager of the WaverCwho' alleges Uhat
Carson made a contract ; for $50 .worth of
advertising on the representation that- W.
H. Miller of the San . Francisco Electric
Light Companv- was a • shareholder . in , the
Frisco and Nome ; Transportation '; and
Trading Company, and would pay the bill.
Miller denied knowing " anything of. the
concern or •: that he "• had ever.* made ~ any
such ¦ promise to Carson. •: The company is
the; one that;Elmer;Sheets,"the'abscond
ing employment agentvfrom St. ".Louis,
who is now, on his way back to that city,
was interested- in. :•> Carson's i wife, Dr.
Olive « F. ¦": Carson, j called ¦ at police t head
quart ers = after his . arrest i and ¦: put -* up $50
cash ball ?f or his appearance.
Hepudiated the Contract.
: Tho \ committee : in "charge * of - the Em
ploying Printers' Association holiday to
be * held : at . El" Campo = nex t T Saturday has
almost completed . arrangements. ¦* It ' is
expected ; that 'a ' big ; crowd will ¦ be \ pres
ent.S and that the 7 whole' affair will ' prove
a -great -success. ,: Several of: the; yacht
clubs will take; part and . the oarsmen I will
be out; In force. . • ,
Employing ] Printers' Qiiting.
Edward E. Callahan, Known as a
' Wife-Beater, Arrested Again
:..' for Battery.
Edward E. Callahan, a polisher resid
ing at? 156 ;; Seventh; street, known to the
police • as ~ a " wife-beater, is under arrest
again ; and a ; more * serious charge ', than
battery;; may be registered against him. .
It is ; asserted • he: went home about 3
o'clock yesterday morning and at once be
gan; to: abuse his wife, v- He 'knocked her
down and .while she was lying on the floor
he ¦ kicked her, in , the abdomen so brutally
that she was! rendered unconscious. "The
police" were -notified and iCallahanU was
placed under , : arrest. ,: He -was -booked ¦ on
a charge >¦ of?; battery, • but - owing to his
wife's condition : an ¦ order was made that
heishouldnot be released on bail, v ¦
, Mrs. Callahan refused * to fro to the Re
cejvlngl Hospitab for .treatment, and -Dr
Abbott twas summoned.. She was injured
severely, and suffering intense pain;
- Callahan had - a s black eye, s. which he
claimed ; was » caused by a blow from ¦ his
wife. ,- ¦¦"¦-¦¦ '¦ '¦- . •¦¦ : ¦ - ¦ ¦ ¦; . ¦ ¦ '¦
KNOCKED DOWN AND ;
KICKED HIS WIFE
Special .Committees Busily Engaged
Completing Arrangeraeiits for
Annual Reunion- Picnic.
•The Sacred Heart parishioners are prt,
paring to; hold their annual picnic at
Schuetzen Park, near San' Rafael, May 26.
The following committees have the affair
in charge: I. ¦ \
General committee— Chairman, Judge M. Coo
ney; secretary. Captain I. D. Dn-ycr. .
on Krounda—T.. Fltzpatrick, H.
Keenan,' J. w. McCarthy. ¦
Printing— J."C. Queen., chairman: M. Cooney,
G. II.: Sullivan. J. Welch and M. Bray.
Committee on oress— I. D.; Dwyer. F. Fltz
patrlck. ,L. Fltzperald. J. W. McCarthy," H. J.
MnhonejvH. \ Mulcrevy.--
Prizes— Messrs. O'Connor," Fitzpatrlck, Fitz
irerald, Mahoney. Stafford, J. - C. Queen, J. B.
Queen. •-: McCarthy, . McPhPrson, Walsh. J. J.
Cooney. Keenan. Bray. Meherin. . .Ward; Mc-
Ginn, Dr. O'Connell. Rlley. Mulcrevy. Shan
non, -M. Cooney, Dwyer. Kelly. McGInty, Pe
terson, P. Fray. P. J, Formey, J. Kllroy,- F.
Holllday and R. Farmer. "
Games— M. Melrevin, W. Stafford, J. W. Mc-
Carthy. .
Reception— M. Meherin, v II. . Keenan. M. Coo
ney, H. Kelly, T.' Fitzpatrlck. I. D. Dwyer. .1.
C. O'Connor. H. . Mulcrevy, L. Fitzs erald. J.
C. Queen, J. Ward.' G. H. Sullivan. Phil Fay. i
P. J. Formey. J. Kilroy. - F. Holliday and T.
Farmer. ¦¦ - : -,¦¦¦. .-'¦. -_ ¦ ¦¦.:•. :..;-•• ¦
Floor manager, Harry Mahony. assisted by I.
D. Dwyor. G. H. Sullivan, A. J. Gaughran, H.
Mulcrevy, II. , Sullivan, Misses Alice Dwyer,
Margaret Murnhy. Frances Arnold an J Mar
garet Gallagher. ¦ - .; I
SACRED HEART PARISH
TO HOLD A BIG OUTING
Henry Spellman, an Aged Citizen,
Meets Death iii a Peculiar
v Manner. .
Henry Spellman. a native of Germany,
aged 61 years, was accidentally.asphyxi
ated by gas yesterday at his ; lft>me, v 221 *£
Fulton street. He was found dead by his
family when they arose rn the morning.
Mr. Spellman was seated in a*chair .with
a newspaper In his lap. The gas was
turned on and the room was filled with
the poisonous vapor. A doctor was hur
riedly called in. but Mr. Spellman was be
vond" medical skill. The Coroner. was no
tified and the body taken. to the morgue.
•Mr. Spellman was a 1 victim of insomnia.
He had been ill for the past year and was
being treated for brain trouble. He was
unable to sleep and, would' frequently rise
and pace the > floor : or," read t to 1 overcome
his affliction. At 1 1 o'clock .yesterday
morning he awakened his: wife and' told
her that he could not sle«p'and would get
up and read the newspapers. " He carried
out his determination and went4nto an
adjoining room. He, opened a window and
lighted the gas.' It. is; supposed he fell
asleep in the" chair and s the ..wind blew
out the light. Thatis the story told by
the relatives of th« deceased.
The Morgue officials say it was; a case
of suicide. According to their report, Mr.
Spellman was found dead in bed in the
front room with the end/ofa rubber tube
in his mouth, the other end.being.attach
ed to a gas jet with the cock turned on
full force. , ¦ .
Mr. Sp/llman had been employed by
Summerneld &, Roman for many years
and was well known in this city. •
INSOMNIA VICTIM IS
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS
Upon arriving at the park a part scat
tered among the trees, where they spread
their lunches later in the day; others par
ticipated in : the bowling contests, while
the majority spent their time in the big
dancing pavilion: The early evening
trains carried to the park many additions
and the dancing was kept up until the last
train left for the city. Hundreds of prizes
were given away to the youngsters. Over
400 people were ¦ present. The affair was
under the manasiment of the following:
Committee of arrangements— Jff v n Hajlw,
president; F. Braun, vice presiden- ¦« "rank Hu
ber, secretary; Jacob Maas, treasv *v ; R. Geh
rln. A. ; Stler, A. Ruf , " JoseDh > Bah. . A. Mehl.
C. '- Hofman, O. Endlcb. -:. John Kusler. Jacob
Noll, Georg-e Hlldebrandt.- Phillip Haup, Wil
liam Klee, Charles Voegtlln.D. Hauk. Phillip
Schmidt, A. Vogt, John Kukar. H. Grote,' L.
Hofman. A. Veit. , Grand marshal, Ulrlch Re
mensbercer; assistant, . A. Mehl. ; *¦;-"-.*
The ninth annual picnic and moonlight
festival of the South German societies
was held yesterday at Shell 'Mound Park.
Early In the morning the members of the
several bodies assembled at their respect
ive ¦• headquarters and marched to the
ferry, headed- by a ba/id, making a pleas-
Ing display. The organizations j partici
pating in the outing were the Gambrinus
Verein,.Hessen Verein, Badlscher Verein,
Sueddeutscher Verein and the Bayern
bund. - • . '
Ninth Annual Moonlight Fes
tival and Outing.
South German Societies Enjoy Their
THEY DANCED AND MADE
MERRY AT SHELL MOUND
Baptist Church: Rev. "\V. W. Grimes,
A.B., pastor of Bethel A. -M. E. Church,
and Rev. A. J. Woodward, pastor ! of
A. M. E. Zion Church of Oakland. Hymns
were sung by tho choir, consisting of
Mrs. Mary Butler, Mrs. Susan Johnson,
Mrs. Lavinia Parker. Mrs. Ida White,
Mrs. Eva Lundy. Miss Artie Derricks,
Mrs. Anna Clayton, Miss May Butler,
Charles Ringold, J./L. Derricks and J. L.
Clayton. The choir also officiated at the
morning and evening exercises.
In the evening the choir sang "Old
Hnndred," "America" and "The Red,
White and Blue," after which the.open
ing address was delivered by George W.
Dennis Jr. The address of the evening was
delivered by Samuel M. Shortridge, who
eloquently reviewed the work of John
Brown in the cause of freedom.
Mr. Shortridge, looking at a picture of
John Brown draped i with an American
Hag, said that under that banner all men
were free; that this was not so when John
Brown was born-KK) years ago. He then
traced the growth and development of
slavery and described the conflicts that
arose between the slave and the free
States. T
"In 1620." he said, "two trees were
planted— the tree of liberty at Plymouth
Rock and the tree of slavery at James
town, Va. They grew and flourished, and
not until by the providence of God such
men as Brown rose was the tree of slav
ery destroyed." - , **
Mr. Shortridge desyribed^ the life and
work of John Brown, which closed at Har
pers Ferry, and his execution on the scaf
fold-December 2^ 1859. Then he quoted: :
But whether on the scaffold high .
Or In the battle's van
The fittest place where man can die
Is where he dies for man.
"Men say he failed," continued the ora
tor. "He did not fail. Robert Emmet did
not fail when he died on the scaffold. Al
gernon Sydney did not fail when he met a
like fate. Joseph Warren did not fail
when he shed his blood on Bunker Hill.
John Brown died— died for man. His body
made sacred the earth, but his soul goes
marching on.
"Free negroes fought at Bunker Pllll.
They did not know that they were break
ing the chains of one race to » transform
them- into fetters for their own. Freedom
in, all ages and in all countries has been
won by the sword. And it was the arm of
Brown, rthe triumphant sword of Grant
and the immortal pen of Abraham Lincoln
that made you free, made us free, made
this nation -a republic in fact as well as
in theory.'.'
THE celebration of the one . hun
dredth anniversary of tho birthday
of John Brown, who sacrificed nis
life for the cause of freedom for
the slaves,- was held yesterday at the A.
ai. E. Zion Church at S05 Stockton street.
The memory of the noble man whose
death only served to hasten the emanci
pation of the negro race of the country
was honored by prominent clergymen m
the colored churches, and also by white
epvakers, who had been invited to par
ticipate in the exercises.
In the morning at 11 o'clock special mu
sic war. provided by an augmented choir,
and the sermon was delivered by the pas
tor of the church. Rev. T. Brown, whose
subject was, "John Brown, the Colored
lilan's Moses, and How to Prove Our-,
selves Worthy of His Sacrifice."
"As Moses liberated the children of
Ipraol from their 430 years of bondage in
the land of Egypt and Canaan," said Dr.
Frown, "so John Brown was the Moses
o£ the negroes In freeing them from
their 250 years of slavery. John Brown
brought about their freedom with the as
sistance of Lloyd Garrison, "Wendell
Phillips. Thaddeus Stevens, Charles Sum
ner, the Beechers and Abraham Lincoln.
Brown was true to his convictions that
it was never intended that slavery should
exist by the framers of the Declaration
of Independence, which is the foundation
of this republic. He gave his life to free
4.0U0.U00 slaves, and it is incumbent upon
us to show our great appreciation of his
sacrifice by helping to build up the re
ligious fitr'.'.cture of the colored race and
to prove to the world that we are fully
cognizant of the great benefits resulting
from his acts— benefits that apply not
only to us, but the people of this entire
nation." ' • /
In the afternoon union services were
also held at -the Zion church by the
Third Baptist and - Bethel A. M. E.
congregations. An interesting feature
was the remarks of David Ruggles, a
former slave, who is now 90 years of age.
He was escorted to the 'chancel by two
members of the congregation, and in a
clear voice told of his experiences in
the times when a negro was regarded as
a chattel and fit only to serve a master.
He blessed all those who had - been- in
strumental In freeing himself and oth
ers of his race, and paid a glowing tri
bute to the man in whose honor the con
generations had gathered. :
Addresses were also delivered by Rev.
J. H. Kellogg. D.D., pastor of the Third
Aged David Rugrgles Tells of Slavery Days.
Oakland 6, Stockton 3.
"My Jack" Donovan doesn't like the
San Francisco public. After Saturday's
few fierce moments with sibilant fan
atics and righteously wrong stickmen he
sloughed valor and clung to discretion,
giving way to a new umpire. J. Fernald
Donohue. Donovan was real brave on
his home gTound. for he played umpire
again in the morning game. But there
are some who think Donohue is not wiser
or fairer than Donovan- Francks swat
ted the ball to Lockhead. who threw over
Courtney into the crowd. The ball was
passed back, put Into play and Francks
died at third. Hutchinson protested the
eanne. He thinks Donohue is a bad man
because he did not allow the runner to
po unscathed clean to the plate.
With the Bcore three- apiece in the
Feventh. Harper fell away In lumps and
the Dudes put the finishing touches on
the game. Hutchinson and Francks took
constitutionals and a hit by Moskiman
crowded the sacks. Dunleavy settled the
strain by a hit to right for two bags, scor
ing all three runners. That was all the
Dudes did in this Inning, but It was
Stockton's Twirlers Are
Easy Marks for Oakland
Stick Swingers.
Afternoon Exhibition at Recreation
Park Interesting In Spots — A
New Umpire and an Un
timely Protest.
MILLERS FALL
BEFORE DUDES
IN BOTH GAMES
Rus responsible for— Hughes 6, Fltzpatrick 8
Krug 3. Home run— Schwartz. Tlire«-base hit
—Hughes. Two-base hits— Devereaux. Eagan
Schwartz. Krug 2. Flret on ' errors— San Fran
cisco 2. First on balls— Fitznatrick 3 Kruz 3
UuchfH 4. Left on bases— Sacramento 9, - San
Francisco 11. Struck out— Hughes 3, Fltzpat
rick 2. Hit by pitcher— Devereaux. Double
plays— Stulz. Eairan. Hanlon; Schwartz, Reilly
Peeples. Time— 1:53. Umpire— Graves.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento ;..... 3 1 0 4 0 10 2 •— 11
liase hits 8 2 15 0 2 0 2 '-is
San Francisco 2 0 2 0 10 0 0 0—5
.Base hits f...S ..4 0 3 1110 2 1— 13
Totals 39 5 13 2 24 ; 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Krar. c. f. and p.... 5 14 0 10 0
McCarthy, s. g 5 1 10 2 7 0
Hildebrand. r. f 5 1 1 1 1 0 fr
Schwartz, c 5 2 4 0 2 •> 1
Levy. I. f 4 0 2X400
Pabst. lb :. 4 0 0 Oil 0 0
Reilly. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 a • 0
Peeples. :b 4 0 0 0 lift
FiUptrfck, p. & c f . 3 010 0 1 0
Totali 26 H 15 '. S ' 27 12 r 2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A E
McLaughlin. 1. f 4 2 2 3 4 1 0
Devereaux, 3b 3 3 2 0 3 2 1
tacas. s. . * ....3 2 2 0 36 1
Hughes, p 5 1 J 0 0 1 0
Hanley, lb 4 2 3 1 4 0 0
Stanley, c 5 0 3 1 4 10
£°5i*. r. t 3 0 1 Ol-o 0
Pyne, c. f 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Stulz. 2b 3 .10 0 4 10
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO. May 13.-Sacramento
by superior batting took to-day's gamo
from San Francisco. The bombardment
was fast and furious. Fltzpatrick was
knocked out of the' box in the fifth in
ning, and Krus finished the same w4th
credit. Score:
Sacramento Defeats Frisco.
Runs responsible for— Bevllle 3. Salisbury 2.
Two-ba?e hits— Hutchinson. Lockhead, Pace,
Lange. Hammond. F*lrst ba!>e on errors — Oak
land 3. Etockton S. First base on called balls-
Oakland 5, Stockton 4. Left on ba«es— Oakland
5, Stockton 7. Struck out— r.y Bevllle 4, by
Salisbury 1. Hit by pitcher— Salisbury. Passed
ball— Pace. Time of game— 1:15. Umpire— J
Donovin. Official scorer— H. , S. McFarlin.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Muller, c. f 5 2 1 1 00 0
Babbitt. 2b 4 0 10 2 4 2
Pace, c 4 2 2 0 5 4 0
Lockhead. s. ¦ 4 1 2 0 3 3 0
Morrow, r. £ 4 0 0 0 0 0 u
Courtney, lb 2 0 1 0 11 0 0
McCarthy, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Moore. 3b 4 0 0 0 113
Salisbury, P 3 0 1 0 0 11
Totals 34 5 8 1 !1 13 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Etockton 1 00002200—5
Ba*« hits 2 01012200—8
Oakland 31004031 •— It
Basf hits 21103023 •— 12
SUMMARY.
Totals .^5 12 12 3 27 14 4
STOr^CTON.
AB. n. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer. b. e 5 3 4 0 1 S 2
Hammond, c 5 12 18 2 1
Hutchinson. lb 4 2 3 1 8 2 0
Franeks. 2b 3 2 10 3 3 1
Moskiman. 1. f 4 110 2 0 0
Dunleavy, r. f 4 110 0 10
Umt, 3b 4 0 10 0 2 0
Drennan, c. f 2 1 0 1 & 1 0
Bevllle, p .4 10 0 0 0 0
OAKLAND.
Jack Donovan, who was bristling with
pain for Ill-deeds as a novitiate umpire,
did the calling and he called well enough
this time to satisfy the crowd.
The score:
Oakland runs and hits came in thick
bunches. In the first Inning the Dudes
untwisted Salisbury for a stack, scoring
three men on a couple of hits and some
choice errors. The fifth inning was murky
base-ball for the Stockton aggregation
and a fireworks display for Ewing's
Brummels. Four hits and three runs
made Harper's sacred nine look like half
of thirty cents.
Salisbury was an easy mark for the
Dudes on the Oakland grounds yesterday
morning. Twelve times he was scattered
over the field and as many times the
Dudes pushed men over the rubber. Be
ville was found eight times, but only five
of the Stockton men crossed the rubber.
Stockton 5, Oakland 12.
MORNING GAME.
Runs responsible for — Harper 6, StefTani 1.
Two-b»w hits — Dunleavy. Hammond. Harper.
First base on errors— Stockton 1. Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— Stockton 1. Oakland
6. Left on bases— Stockton 7, Oakland 8.
Struck cut — By Harper 4, by PtelTanl 2. Hit
by pitcher — Francks. Double play — Harper to
Courtney. Passed ball — Pace. Time of game —
2:19. Umpire— J. F. Donohue. Official scorer—
J. W. Stapleton.
Totals SI 6 8 1 ' 27 16 5
RUNS AND HITS BT INXIN'GS.
Stockton 100011000—3
Base hits 21002122 1—11
Oakland 0 2001030*— 6
Base hits 0 3012020 •— 8
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Fchra«r, 9. b 4 0 0 10 4 1
Hammond, c 5 1 2 0 8 1 1
Hutchlnfon. lb 2 1 1 0 12 0 0
Francks. :b 110 0 3 5 0
MoFkiman, I. f 1110 10 2
Dunleavy. r. f 4 0 10 0 0 0
Lanse. Sb 4 0 10 13 0
Drennan, c. t 4 110 4 0 0
Steffani, p 4 110 0 3 1
Totals 36 3 11 3 24 15 2
OAKLAND.
BrOCrvTO:*.
AB. R. DH. SB. PO. A. E.
Muller. c. t 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Babbitt. 2b 4 2 3 114 0
Pace, c 4 0 2 0 5 2 0
Lockhead, s. s 4 0 0 0 0 10
Morrow, r. f 4 0 0 0 10 0
Courtney. 1b 4 0 1 0 10 1 o
McCarthy. 1. f 4 l l o SO 0
Moore. 3b 3 0 113 2 5
Harper, p 4 0 3 116 0
enough. The protest will be withdrawn,
for something happened In the seventh
that put the Dudes in good humor and
they now admit that Donohue's work as
umpire was of good quality.
The spot Is an ideal one for a. wreck.
The bridge is so dark at all times that
th« most observant engineer would hardly
have noticed the threateneing obstruc-
DASTARDLY attempt to wreck a
/P& passenger train on the western di
/==\ • vision of the Southern Pacific was
ti v made at an eaily hour yesterday
morning, which had it been successful
would have resulted in an appalling loss
of life. The *cfT>e of the attempted wreck
is the bridge over San Lorenzo Creek be
tween Haywards and San Lorenzo, a long,
dark, tur.ncl-like structure that spans the
creek at an elevation of fully thirty feet.
At the entrance to this bridge three great
poles, each weighing 10"0 pounds, had been
placed acroFS the railroad track some
time after midnight Saturday, and had
the obstruction not been discovered and
removed before the first train from Oak
land was due yesterday -morning the un
fortunate passengers and trainmen would
have been dashed to almost certain death
in the creek below without a second's
warning.
The Sheriff's office and the special de
tectives of the Southern Pacific Company
were notified, but there is no clew to guide
them except some very Indefinite descrip
tions of tramps seen loitering in the neigh
borhood.
tlons piled up at its entrance, even in the
bright light of day.
The Standard Klectric Company, which
is bringing light and power from the Blue
Lakes to Oakland, is stringing its wires
aloce the right of way of the Southern
Pacinc Company from Nile?. The com
pany has scattered its poles along the
track for the entire distance, preparatory
Jo setting them in place. The poles are
the largest that are used for electrical
wiring in order to carry the heavy cables
that will be used for conducting the elec
trical current, each one weighing about
1000 pounds.
It was these poles that had been piled
across the railroad tracks at the approach
of the bridge. Fortunately the attempt at
wrecking was discovered at daybreak, be
fore the trains had begun to move, and it
was reported at the San Lorenzo station.
It took several hours of hard work to
clear the track, but this was llnally Gone,
accomplished with the aid of a team of
horses.
"We think Bowers and Driscoll are In
the right," he said. "The Labor Council
had no grievance when it declared the
boycott. As citizens of San Francisco we
have a right to go about our own affairs
as we see fit. There is a rush of work on
now and we would not think of taking
any undue advantage of ctmtractors be
cause of it."
"We have never had any intention . of
yielding in this matter," said Thomas
Westboy, chairman of the strike commit
tee of No. 8186, yesterday. "We are going
to, fight it out to the end and there may
be' a good deal of trouble before the end
comes. We have all the bosses on* our
side except the Whelans, but they get all
the transport work and that amounts to
a great deal. Our organization intends to
at once investigate this matter and find
out Why none of the other contractors can
get' any of the transport repairing. We
will send telegrams regarding this to
Washington to-morrow. We have all the
organizations with us save the Ship
wrights' Association."
President McConneJl of the Shipwrights'
Association said that body would stand
with Whelan' Bros, and the new organi
zation.
Another step the officers of No. 81S6 In
tend to take is that of preventing Whelan
Bros, from getting the repair work on
any more Government transports if pos
sible. This constitutes most of the work
being done ' here now, and the Whelans
get nearly all of It. President McKinley
and Secretary of War Root will be ap
pealed to.
A meeting: of No. R1S6 will be held "Wed
nesday night at 20 Eddy street, when im
portant action will be taken on matters
pertaining to the trouble on the front. At
this meeting the letter to be sent. Presi
dent Gompers will be formulated.
Painters, electricians and others who
v.-ork on ships being repaired may become
Involved If the war continues. These
nearly all belong to the American Feder
ation, and an order will probably be is
sued that none of them shall work on
jobs where any pf the Bowers-Driscoll
joiners are employed.
In the eyes of the American Federation
of Labor the members of the new organi
zation are "scabs." Because of this every
effort will of course be made to shut them
out of work. The new body claims most
of its members are secessionists from No.
8186. The officers of this organization Bay
the members of the rival body are nearly
all joiners who have been brought from
various parts of the country since the boy
cott was declared.
The Shipwrights' Association of San
Francisco, which is an entirely, inde
pendent organization, having no national
affiliations at all, stands with the Bowers-
Driscoll organization, and through its
president declares it will continue to so
stand.
The main grievance of &o. 8186 is against
Whelan Bros, and is based. on a, contin
uance of the troubles -of last DectmDer,
accounts of which have been publishea
heretofore. This trouble gave rise to the
Bowers-Driscoll union, the members of
which' are regularly obtaining work with
this contracting tlrm. There is some dis
trust of George Kundle, but the old or
ganization hopes to win him over. . Be
longing as it does to the American Fed
eration, No. S1&6 is backed* up by the
Brotherhood of Carpenters and Joiners,
and its stand has been indorsed by the
Building Trades Council and District
Council of Carpenters.. The boycott
against Whelan Bros, last December was
declared by the Labor Council and the
officers of the older shlpjoiners' associa
tion declare it has not been called off.
The fines against Driscoll and Bowers
imposed, by. the -original organization still
stand and the men will probably be of
ficially expelled. For this tney do not
care, as they think their new organization
is strong enough to hold out.
President Gompers of the American Fed
eration of Labor^ is to be appealed to, by
No. s>l&6 and upon nis decision the organi
zation will be largely Influenced in form
ing a future plan of action.
The war that is now on between the two
shlpjoiners' organizations of this city
may bring a great deal of trouble to
the ./¦ water front and cause much
embarrassment .. to contractors. Sympa
thisers of the new organization formed by
"Joe" Bowers and "Bob" Driscoll thought
the trouble was at an end, but the original
organization. Ship and Steamboat Joiners'
Union No. 8188, which was organized here
in 1&>7, has no idea of letting matters rest
as they are. On the contrary, officers of
this organization say it has just begun to
tight. "• .
President McKinley and the "War De
partment to Be Asked Why
Whalen Bros. Get All
Transport Repairs.
War to the Finish Is Now
On Between the Local
, Organizations.
GOMPERS IS TO
BE APPEALED TO
BY SHIPJOINERS
Great Poles Piled on Track at
Crossing of San Lorenzo
Creek.
First Train Along Would Have Been Dashed to
Destruction Thirty Feet Below—Obstruc
tion Discovered in Time.
TRIED TO WRECK
TRAIN ON BRIDGE
Colored Citizens of San Franeiseo Cele
brate the Geeasibri at Zibn
¦A, M. E. Chureh.
AFRO-AMERICANS OBSERVE
JOHN BRDWN'S BIRTHDAY
THE SAN 'FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAY 14 V
10
¦ • j AHVH H.TTs tff it] k rTTR-
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
IN FINE
,* • \ ' ¦
1 ? W r e T e T^^ e T ? 111 offer - SPECIAL BAR-
IH "s, T/S^SiKi B S
DENIMS,
400 pairs -White and Ecru LACE CURTAINS,
in imitation of Marie Antoinette, Batten-
lera, Brussels and Louis XIV,
Prices $2, $2.50 and §3 Pair,
3 cases 45 and 48 inch Ecru DRAPERY NETS
fifteen different stules, '
Prices 25c, 30c, 35c, 40c and 50c Yard.
2 cases RUFFLED CURTAINS, in Swiss, Net
and Muslin, all pure white,
Prices $1.25 to $4.50 Pair.
5 cases White and Colored. ENGLISH Mar-
seilles BEDSPREADS, full size and *
lianQsorne uesions*
irrice iiaciL
15,000 narfls Plain and Printed ART DENIMS,
" full 36 inches wide, in a great varietu of
colors and stules.
Price 15c Yard.
20 cases Fine White and Colored BLANKETS,
for single, three-auarter and double heds,
at frffm $2 to $4 ner nair less than mill
prices,
III, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
: J3 ladles' 'French' kid shoes 1 for" $2 at this
Bee Hive Shoe Co.f 717 Market street. •
Dr. W. 11. Mays resumed practice 1116
Butter, cor.. Larkln; res.. Hotel Granada,*
Trtppor'a Oil cures rheumatism and ne'uralria.
DrugrlstK. 50c fla!>k.; Richards & Co... 40« Clay.
GOLDBERG, BOWES ft CO'S SPECIAL 8ATIM8 SALE
GOLDBERG
BQWEN
When In the country you'll need our .
fresh pure foods— we pack, to arrive
safely — sen5 f of May catalogue ; : i
For Gape Nome
The best foods here —
never the cheapest — the
best packing — that's, the
only kind that pays
Condensed foods save
freight — easy to carry
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter— fancy creamery
reg'Iy 35c square
Fresh grass flavor
Tea— ten flavors 40C
Our usual 50c quality— In pink V
packages air proot ¦": ."•
Coffee— Pasha blend ZJ^C
Roasted here^ — pure— ground fresh —
other days 35c lb
Olive oil— gb'a Co pint 30c
Virgin — our importation quart 5 cjC
bottled in France
reg'Iy 35c and 65c bottle
ChOCOlate— Vigor ' cr C
regly 65c lb'
Hauswaldt's Kraft chocolade
-Maple Syrup— Hazcn quart 35C '
reg'Iy 45c and 80c \ gallon 65C
This years sap — just from Vermont
Buckwheat— self-raising 2OC
reg'Iy 25c— Hecher—^ lb package
Whisky— OZdCrotp and Hermitage
'-. , ~ "j'ly special
Old Crow bourbon 18S9 bot $1 25 Si
¦¦¦" " '." 1880 gal" 5 4
Hermitage rye 1886 bot 150 115
U 18S6 gal 6 4 50
White wine— Hotccti m 65c
Rhjne typej — riesling '
other days $i gallon
Olives— Manzanilla '25c
New lot— mammoth
"after this sale 30c quart
Pi CkleS— Pin Money pint 30C
reg'Iy 40c and 75c' quart 60C
In sweet pickle
Glace* . pine-apple 40c
reg'Iy here 50c lb
Imported French fritters
Raisins— fine dusters 2 lbs 25C
¦Buy liberally at this price
- Lemons— reg'Iy 25c dozen 1 5C
Fancy stock— lots of juice— thin sltin
Walnuts— paper shell- 2 lbs 25C
"reg'Iy 20c lb?
Fine for walnut creams— nut cake
with the raisins for dessert
: Apples— evaporated 3 lbs 25C
reg'Iy ioc lb O^^P^BM
Alden— white clean fruit
ADVEETISEMENTS.
SPECIAL SALE OF
Ladies' Oxfords
and Children's Shoes
ONE W/EEK. ONLY.
LADIES' FINE RUSSET OXFORDS. LXV.
h«"*ls. Pit-cadilly toes, hand-turned soles. Reg-
ular price SS.00
SPECIAL SALE PRICE *2.15
LADIES' CHOCOLATK TAN OXFORDS, lat-
est laBts, new tors, hand-turned cole*. Reg-
ular price '. $3 oo
SPECIAL SALE PRICE S1.U3
LADIES' BLACK KID OXFORDS, new toes.
!at*-Pt laets, hand-turned soles. Regular
prire jj.oo
SPECIAL SALE PRICE fl.QS
MIP f E 0;^° XBIjOOD BI -*TTON SHOES, cloth
ana kid tops: repjlar t"m
SPECIAL PALE PRICE .....: J;^?
"MISSES" TAX BUTTON' SHOES <Laifd " Scho"
ST«"r pS^e inaker.). Kid and clothtopi. ReS-
SPECIAL SALe'prICe" ..".".V 'iV^O
UlSSEf AND CHILDREN'S OXFORDS j a
neat toe*, blark ar.d tan roods; elz^g g to 2
Jlegrular price ti —
6PJECIAL SALE PRICE ".*.".".".".". ".'.S5c
IFIIVE SHOES f *
830-832-834 Market Street.
SAK ritAN'CISCO. CAL
8000 Ten Case*. S3 p*r cent cured.
JCATARBH, DEAFNESS,
yHnispc in Pare
StUlOCO III LuIOi
-• i
Throat and Lung
Wtfk Positively Cured
it Ji Bew Method.
r^J^S^ H. J. MeCOY of Y. M.
r " A> ' corncr Mason and
E .1* streets, city, says:
"1 wish to express my nteh appredat I jn ot
the benefit receive! rroa your treatment.
I had trouble with mvheaiand throat
Jcr years and the relief afforded by your
mrthod i< very «t«ti«factory."
JOSEPH HUME of BERKELEY.
CAL.. savs : "1 wouli not take $500 for
the goo 1 it has done me. lean cheer-
fully recommend It to those who rmv
have CATARRH, BRONCHITIS,
ASTHMA or LUNG trouble- I: Is ah
ri"hr.'.« MUMBMH
FREE — Hon^rt trial of one week's treatment
and medidse elren to chow the superior merit
ot tke New Treatment. Call at once or j write."
DR. COTTINGHAM,
204 Sutler St.. NW. Cor. Keerny.
HOUR8-4-U a. nr.. 1^3 and 7-8 p. m.
GOLDBEBO, E0WE5 4 CO'S SPECIAL S17I.V0 SALS
Canned fruit--^fcowc * cans 50c
AH kinds -xceptinR cherries •
heavy syrup— rcg'ly \?oc 2* Id can
-: Prunes ' 25c
Pitted and stuffed with prunes
a rich confection— reg'ty 35c lb
• Eau de Quinine-Hnaud 65c
.'/"Best Frrnch hair tonic— reg'Iy 75c
Campers' edition— our May catalogs
— call or send for one
4 «Plne a3*Sutter a3oo Callfaml«-San Frvadsc*
«O7j CUV between Eleventh and Twelfth O*kUn4
Hiffhf st srade, award 3 ' expositions. Pr*«
f erred by all prominent musicians.
"I consider them a credit to you and wortiy
of every musicians' admiration." — Sara A.
Carr.
"For accompanying the voice It can h*v» so
superior."— Julie RosewaW.
"It la rightly termed Peerless."— Gostw*
Helnrl.
"It haa a beautiful tone." — F. Zech.
"They rank with the b«st before th» public.''
—Otto Bendtx.
Before purchasing: be sure and »e« tho Peer-
less Heine. You will be convinced.
If you do not want a new piano se* »om«» ot
our bargains In second-hand: Henry 5"- Miller.
J185: Chickerin? & Sons. J2S5: SteJnway &. Sons.
$200: Knabe. ¦ $243: Sohmer. C20: Hallett A
Davis. $145: Vose & Sons. *1«: Schiller. JUS:
Installments J3. »4. $5. $6. $7, *10: renta 13 up.
J^s H v89 Kji Sft| BgH cFt
• WAREHOOMS, 13O ELLIS ST. <
Nose Pinching
Eye classes can be made comfortabl* wltli
OUR new clips, properly adjusted.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone Mala lft. .
OPTICIANS p^oGP^^^^ ;
642 Market St,
'•WHCMmCU gw»»ifc
Da 1 q r>n T*»« covered] passa*»-
X ctldUtJ w "y connecting these-
two Immense »truc-
— — — — — — — tares places under
, one management 1400
nnH rooms, 900 of which
all tl have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
1 ers from every section
fi i of the world recognize
| T p9T|f] and appreciate th»
v « x ****** comfort* and convenl-
_________ ences offered by thes*
hotels;
TJrtTTilc American plan. Ea-
'XlULvl^ ropean plan.
r DB.P1ERCES
GOLDEN
. MEDICAL. I-=_^
DISCOVERT
FOR THE . ¦•
BLOOaLlVER.LUWCg;
PUCE Dnvil 'ssstfraie
.VallieschecXed trt«.