PERMANENT CHAIRMAN
OF THE CONVENTION
pal claim to have made. So outrageous
has teen this affair that Crimmins, in tho
flush of ante-convention excitement,' de
clared to-night that he would handle: the
delegates of - the -Fourth Congressional
District aa a certain person dictated-tind
<3id r.ot oflVrid the nostrils of decency. He
nee been fcr years on the border of the
euEpiclour and for year* has been accept
ed by the'people cf San Fran
cisco at the representative of aa evil that
caly time and" persistent effort could
Special Dispatch to The Call.
jf^XLL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, May 14.
fk,^' — The streets and hotels of the town are busy to-night
with the bustle and excitement of politicians, big and lit
tle. The Republican State Convention, which will meet to
morrow, has called forth all the elements of the party. Repre
sentative men from all parts of the State are here, enthusiastic
and eager in advocacy of the sections and the candidates they
support. Political barnacles, old in sycophancy, time-worn in
years of pleading for favor, crowd the lobbies and make noisy
the corridors with their cheap chatter. For the honor of repre
senting the Republican party of California at the national con
vention manv are contending, and to-night a most remarkable
situation has presented itself. Two men are boasting that
through the power of a third man they own every man in the
Fourth Congressional District delegation and will vote every
delegate as they please.
One of these men, who is boasting that the delegates of
the Fourth Congressional delegation are his property, is a man
who is better known as a drunken loafer in the dives of the ten
derloin of San Francisco rather than as an adviser in the coun
cils of the National Republican party. His face is more familiar
in the habitations of social outcasts than in the company of men
who respect their decency and honor their character. His pres
ence is sought by the creatures who live in the shadows of a city
and thrive by the arts' thatnare possible" only in dark'iiess, not
by men who care to have the scrutiny of criticism upon their ac
tions.
This man is a growth of the evil of a big city. He is the
type and representative of the blackguard, yet to-night he is
boasting that four score men of reputation and integrity, men
of position and repute, men who would not dare recognize him
in the company of their associates, are his property, his play
things, to be handled as he pleases, as so much merchandise
which has been bought and sold.
The situation If a remarkable one. This
man keeps a saloon, and not even a repu
table Faloon. His skirts have been trailed
In the mire cf suspicious actions. He has
lived upon a reputation of evil power,
lie has trifled with school boards. Super
visors and official underlings and now
he boasts that out of the members of the
Fourth Congressional delegation at the
corning convention he will make his cat
tle, each delegate with a ring in his nose.
to be led wherever and whenever the rope
tightens.
This man's name is Phil Crimmins. Do
the delegates of the Fourth Congressional
District accept his boast without protest?
Are they willing to have their families,
thrir friends and their constituents b*>
ll*»ve that thry have sold their manhood
to a loader of the dive-? — to a creature
whose sphere began and ought to end in
the nameless places of the tenderloin of a
metropolis? Are these delegates, who
value their good names and prize the
esteem of their fellows, ready to admit
that they are the property of a man
whose horizon is limited to the rim of a
champagne glass and whose ideal is en
compassed In the short skirts of a di\-e
pongs tress?
Are thesp delegates ready to make good
with their votes and thelr-'bbedience the
boast of this man? Are they prepared to
sacrifice their Individuality and their self
respect at the command of a m?.n whom
they shun in public and tolerate on the
barest t--ufl>ranoe only In private?
It in the first time, perhaps, in the his
tory of the Republican party in Cali
fornia that the personification cf a tender
lola saloon of San Francisco played a part
in national politics.
dumber Two of the Triumvirate.
The K«*con«l man who is boasting here
to-r.ight that lie is th«» proprietor of de
cent men. and that he owns a third In
terest In the delegation of the Fourth
Congressional district Is also a striking
eharactf-r. He is unique In one respect.
He Is the only man in California whose
character and reputation have been ap
praised by a jury fitting in a court of
justice. Ami that Jury, after due delib
eration and a critical estimate of every
redeerninPT feature, appraised this man's
character at one dollar. His name Is
ured in the hearing of reputable men only
by neceypity and never in the hearing of
decent' vrorher: yet to-night be pays he
owns an interest in the votes of four
score decent tmn and with his partners
vrtll barter these votes to suit his best
self -interest.
Hi* name ts Mnrtin Kelly. He was
never party to a p-.iitical contract that
crush. Do the delegates of the Fourth
Congressional District indorse his boast
that they are his property and that at
his bidding they are to be sold? Are they
ready to qay that his boast Is preliminary
to a contract Fuch as he has invariably
made in the politics of San Francisco?
As Republicans are they willing to make
him the standard of their political moral
ity and principles?
Third Member Is Herrin.
The third member of this precious tri
umvirate is a Democrat. With the au
dacity which has marked his career In
this Stato he has shamelessly arrogated
a right, as the servant of a great cor
poration, to prostitute public men of all
parties. He knows no morality, public or
private, except the interest of his em
ployers. He has scrupled at no act. how
ever discreditable, to advance the schem
ing ambitions of his employers. ' He has
lived in an atmosphere that stifles men
who value their names and the future of
those they cherish. His name has been
whispered in the scandals of municipal
and State officialism and now he says that
through the agency of a blackleg and a
blackguard he will vote every member of
the Fourth Congressional District at this
convention however, he pleases and how
ever bitter may be the humiliation of
those whom he votes. '
This man's name Is William F. Herrin.
He needs no further characterization. He
represents as in active agency all that is
vicious and unwholesome In public and
political life in California. He represents
a corporation which typifies; to Califor
nians the bribery of public officials, the
corruption of public Institutions, the pros
titution of public life; yet by the author
ity of one man, who reeks of the moral ¦
slime of the dives, and of another who
may place his character on the auction
block for a dollnr. he stands ready to sell
the votes of four score men 'who would
not dare to admit of an association with
him.
Are the delegates of the Fourth Con
gressional District, men of repute, men
hoping for an honorable future in the
communities in which they live, ready to
seal with their votes this disgraceful com
pact of a saloonkeeper, a political huck
ster and a social huckster?
Shameless in Their Boasting-.
Perhaps the most remarkable phase of
this situation to-night is its indecency.
Crimmins and Kelly have not even con
sulted the men whose characters they are
trifling with and whom they Insolently
pretend to control. No effort has been
made to soften or disguise the shame of
the deal which this saloonkeeper and h's
Saloon Politicians Claim the
Ownership of a Powerful Dele
gation — Shameful Boast of
Kelly* Crimmins and Herrin*
Resentment Follows an Insolent
Assertion That the Fourth Dis
trict Delegation Is Owned by
the Southern Pacific*
REMARKABLE INCIDENT MARS THE EVE OF
THE REPUBLICAN STATE CONVENTION
Colonel hdward A, Forbes of
Marysville to Be Elected Chair
man of the Convention by Accla
mation.
Resolutions Will Contain a Ringing
Indorsement of McKinley 's Ad
ministration, but Avoid National
Issues*
Special Dispatch, to The Call
sfQA-LL HEADQUARTERS, SACRAMENTO, May 14.—
The Republican State convention, which will be called to
order at 2 p. m. to-morrow, consists of 591 delegates.
The number holding proxies will not exceed forty. The time for
filing contests expired at 1 p. m. to-day, and not one is on file.
It was settled this evening that Colonel Edward A. Forbes
of Marysville will be chosen chairman of the convention without
opposition from any source. He will be placed in nomination by
Colonel George Stone. The latter announced his withdrawal
this evening and generously acceded to the request to nominate
Colonel Forbes.
J. W. McKinley of Los Angeles is mentioned as the prob
able chairman of the committee on resolutions. -The sentiment
Expressed by delegates on the ground is against the adoption of
an elaborate platform- Rmgmg resolutions indorsing the ad
ministration of President McKinley will be adopted with en
thusiastic fervor. Many of the Republicans here recall the blun
der committed four years ago when the representatives of the
party in State convention went wild on silver at the ratio of 16
to- 1. A few weeks later the Republicans in national conven
tion proclaimed against the free and unlimited coinage of sil
ver and pronounced in favor of sound money. The Republicans
" of California accepted the national platform as the true princi
ple of the party, but the situation was awkward and embarrass
ing throughout thVcampaign of 1896. The delegates, in discuss
ing the platform to-night, gently express themselves against de
claring a national policy. Some things good for California and
known to be good for the whole country will be commended.
The contest fcr the honor of represent
ing California in the national convention
Is interesting. The candidates in the field
for delegates at large are U. S. Grant Jr.
of San Diego, John D. Spreckels and
George A. Knight of San Francisco. Dr.
George C. Pardee of Oakland and N. D.
Rideout of Marjsville.
Probable District Delegates.
Considerable interest is manifested in
the selection of delegates to represent the
several Congressional districts. It is the j
talk to-night that the First District will j
elect John L. Child of Del None and
Douglas S. Cone of Red Bluff.
In the Second District E. C. Hart of
Sacramento and John L. Kldder of Ne
vada County are slated. When the dis
trict convention meets to-morrow Harold
Power of Placer may develop strength
sufficient to displace Mr. Kldder.
The Third District will send G. W. Reed
of Oakland. The Alameda delegation has
agreed to keep hands off and permit the j
other counties of the district to adjust j
affairs connected with the choice- of the
second delegate. Ttie Contra Costa and
Sclano delegations favor the election ot
R. D. Robblns, banker of Sulsun.
The Fourth District convention will
doubtless elect Joseph S. Spear Jr. and
M. A. Gunst.
The Fifth District delegates have agreed
to send W. C. Van Fleet and H. G. Bond
of Santa Clara, banker and president of
the Fruit Growers' Exchange.
In the Sixth District affairs are unset
tled. It was- supposed early this evening
that J. W. McKlnley of Los Angeles artd
A. J. Bell, a Grand Army veteran of Ven
tura, would be chosen without opposition.
Later Mr. McKlnley decided to withdraw
in favor of William M. Garland of Loa
Angeles. Ine further news develops that
J. W. Taggart of Santa Barbara will en
ter the field against A. J. Bell.
The Seventh District, according to pres
ent indications, will select Dr. Chester
Rowell of Fresno and W. S. Hooper of
San Bernardino.
Warren M. John of San Luis Obispo ,s
mentioned as a candidate for alternate
delegate In the Sixth Congressional Dis
trict. He arrived In Sacramento to-night.
District conventions will meet to-mor
row as follows: First District. Senate
chamber. 11 a. m.; Second District. Pa
vilion. 11 a. m.; Third District, Assembly
chamber, noon; Fourth District. Pavilion.
1:30 p. m.; Fifth' District. Pavilion. 1 p.
m.; Sixth District, after recess of con
vention: Seventh District, Pavilion, 10
a. m.
When Colonel George Stone announced
his intention of withdrawing from the con
test for the chairmanship of the conven
tion in favor of Colonel Forbes he sig
nified a desire for reappointment on th-j
executive committee. The Importance of
this committee will be appreciated when
It Is understood that it will have in its
control the management of the campaign
in California.
In the absence of the chairman Dr.
George C. Pardee. first vice chairman,
will call the convention to order at 2
o'clock p. m. Frank D. Ryan of Sacra
mento will perform the duties of secre
tary.
LIVERMORE GAS FIGHT .
MUST GO INTO COURT
OAKLAND, May 14.— Judge Ellsworth
has overruled the demurrer filed by the
Llvermore Gas Company to the action in
stituted against it by William Mendenhall.
In rendering the decision his Honor inti
mated that if the facts of the case were
as alleged in the complaint the plaintiff
had a just claim.
Mendenhall brought suit to recover prop
erty valued at $20,003. alleging that the
company, had violated the' agreement
made at the time he deeded it the prop
erty, not to use the land for any other
purpose than the manufacture of gas. He
"claims that the company has set up an
electric light plant on the land, thereby
reducing in 'value the stock of the gas
company, of which Mendenhall is presi
dent. • . BR*93B9ES2iflK9l
Sovereign of Norway and Sweden
KINO OSCAE HONORED.
Made a Doctor of Laws.;
¦CAMBRIDGE. Eng., May 14.— The Duke
of Devonshire, as chancellor of the Unl
versity of Cambridge, conferred the de
gree 4 of doctor ' of laws on. the King of
Sweden and . Norway " to-day amid much
enthusiasm. The public orator lauded the
King as a musician, poet, orator and his
torian, who had recently, made public the
avowarof his conviction, of the Justice of
Great Britain's. cause In South Africa.
King ' Ocar* showed great ; appreciation
of v his ' reception and continually bowed
his acknowledgments.
New, Railway Franchise.
LOS ANGELES. May 14 —The City
Council ¦ to-day * passed ' the ordinance
granting the Terminal Railway a fran
chise over certain central streets of the
city, and the ordinance was at once
signed by the Mayor. The franchise is fcr
the benefit of a company to be controlled
by the same persons who now own and
operate the traction line In this city. It
gives them the opportunity to secure con
nections for their city lines with suburban
lines to Pasadena. Santa Monica and Saa
Pedro. Several million dollars are to ba
invested in the enterprise at once.
Dynamiters Held to Trial.
WELLAND. May II.— After three ad
journments the preliminary hearing of the
alleged dynamiters Dullman, Xolan and
Walsh was resumed here to-day. Only
one witness was examined when the
Crown Attorney' stated the case was
closed. The prisoners were committed for
trial and will appear at the spring Assizes
before Chancellor Boyd next Tuesday
May 22.
Killed by a Fall.*
SAX BERNARDINO, May 14.^Joso
Padre, a Mexican, 83 years of age, an in
mateof the county hospital, /ell from tha
railroad bridge this morning and was in
stantly killed. As he was crossing tha
bridge a train from San Jacinto passed
him, and In crowding to the edge of the
bridge the old man fell off after half of
the train had passed him. The train did
not touch htm Lilt 111 101
Majors Fighting for Life.
SALT LAKE. Utah. May U -The case
of the State against young Abe Majors,
now under sentence of death for the kill
ing of Police Captain William Brown
near Ogden, on Sunday morning, April 30.
1SC9, came up before the Supreme Court
to-day on appeal. Attorney R H. Jones
appeared in behalf of the condemned man
and the State was represented by Deputy-
Attorney General W. A. Lee.
At the? outbreak- of ; the troubles ; in^.the
Philippines hewas commissioned' major In
the Eighth' California Volunteers Tand' was
ready ;¦ toVproceed ; :to ' the - front ; with - his
command.' 'He •was:asslgried^tO;tne*c6m-
; : Immediately \ after', his " ; gradution from
the Hastings, Law College he was elected
District "I Attorney of • Yuba .County ,.': and
served in that capacity for four. terms. He
has worked on a farm, taught"; school , 'in
vacations : to , pa y\ his .way through college,
worked at the forge and in every way is a
self-made •. man." ¦", i;'. ¦¦-: . ' • -¦"; •¦¦.-,
. Colonel Forbes _ of ., Marysvllle, whose
election as chalrman;of,the State'Conven
tlon is now certain, wvas born In Sierra
County 'thirty-nine'' years , ago. :.- J He ... is .. an
attorney ' by profession and is well known
In political and military circles. ' iV '
*, His selection to the honorable position of
chairman ; of \ the \ convention ; will / . in '• all
probability be -by acclamation.: His only
rival ; f or • the office/' Colonel ¦• Stone ' of ' San
Francisco.T has i withdrawn \ from , the \ fight
and r has -signified /his > intention • of j nomi
nating Colonel ; Forbes for ¦ the^ office^- ~ v *
mand of troops from California, Washing
ton and Oregon, which were stationed at
Vancouver Barracks in the fall ; of 1S9S.
He 'afterward commanded a battery and
detached companies at Angel Island. The
probable chairman Is now lieutenant colo
nel; of / the Second Regiment. National
Guard of California. . He is aNative Son
a nd . a "¦ prominent ¦ member of = the order
Colonel j Forbes attended the last session
of the Grand Parlor, held at Orovllle, and
was a leading figure in the councils of the
order.': .' :,'¦ "
COLONEL EDWARD A. FORBES.
the portrait are splendid likenesses of
Governor Gage and Lieutenant Governor
Neff. A huge "advance agent of prosper
ity" poster, bearing a lithograph of Mc-
Kinley, Is on the sloping wall over the
platform. Banners bearing the seals of
all the States form a frieze about the
ceiling. . .,'»\V.s A .':
Every preparation has been made -for
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. May ! 14.— The convention hall In
which the Republicans will hold their
sessions has' been" especially' decorated
and presents- a gala . appearance. /Work
men were busily engaged all day putting
the finishing touches' on the hall. The
delegates will be surrounded by a wall of
white canvas,, which," will be. surmounted
by a roof. of. red, white and blue stream-
Lrs. Immediately behind the chairman's
•Jesk. there has been 'placed a' festoon i, of
American flags, ¦ surmounted by a , large
picture of Washington.- On either 'side of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Decorations Are Elaborate and Ar"
range ments for the Comfort of
Delegates Complete.
INTERIOR OF THE
CONVENTION HALL
When Dan Burns packed up his traps
and took his departure for Mexico he left
his political fortunes for the. time being
In the care of Lynch. The question now
comes up whether this Republican State
Convention, at the beginning of a great
campaign in California — a campaign
wherein the loss of the State may mean
national disaster, can afford to recognize
Lynch as one authorized to speak for the
party. Lynch left his duties as a Federal
office-holder to interfere in the Senatorial
contest and descended to such methods of
chicanery that his hardened political asso
ciates blushed for his effrontery. ' The
word may be passed out from Herrin .for
Instructions. -Delepates should be on
their guard. Let them beware of forged
telegrams.
CALL HEADQUARTERS; SACRA
MENTO, May 14.— John C. Lynch of
bogus telegram infamy of the Senatorial
contest is neglecting his duties as Col
lector of Internal Revenue to represent
the Southern Pacific political bureau at
the State Convention. The Santa Clara
aelegation has been ordered to report to
Bogus Telegram Lynch for instructions.
J. B. Mackenzie, who takes orders regu
larly from rterrln, has directed the dele
gates representing ine free and indepen-,
dent people of the southern end- of the
Fifth Congressional District to go "to this i
man Lynch for counsel and guidance.
Official to Represent the
Southern P tcific.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Neglects His Duties as Federal
BOGUS TELEGRAM"
LYNCH ON HAND
This is the situation. Can the members
of the Fourth Congressional District af
ford to accept it? Can they afford to sac
rifice their self-respect, abandon the good
will of their fellows, stamp themselves as
the creatures of their social, moral and
political inferiors, and return to San
Francisco disgraced? The decision is their
own.
the person who is dictating Is William F.
Herrin.
the comfort of the delegates and the
thousands of spectators who are expected
to fill the building during the delibera
tions. The Interior Is cool, airy and Invit
ing. There will be no crowding, and each
member of the convention will be com
fortably seated . and have his ' wants at
tended to by a corpa of efficient pages and
clerks.
Some Side Lights on Blackleg Politics in a State Convention.
SAN FRAXCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.
VOL.U3IE LXXXVII-XO. 1TG.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.s.vThlSiis, vouched for by C. A, McNiiellen.
an~, engineer, .recently t returned" from
Johannesburg.
Kitchener gazed surlily at her, standing
bravely though tearfully there and turned to
his military secretary. "Put down," he growled,
"that the commander's orders • with ; reference
to the destruction of Rightman's farm ;• could
not be carried out, owing to unexpected oppo
sition. Forward, gentlemen.*,' ? ,•
While Lord Kitchener was engaged in sup
pressing the Prelska rebellion he ordered the
destruction of a certain farmhouse. Not seeing
any slcrns of his orders being carried out he
rode over with his staff and found an inter
esting: situation. In the doorway of the doomed
farmhouse stood a pretty young Dutch , g lrl,
her hands clasping the door posts and her eyes
flashing fire from beneath her dainty . isunbon
net. The Irish pergeant in charge of the party
of destruction was vainly endeavoring: to per
suade her to let them pass In, but to * all his
blandishments of "Arrah, darltnt. acushla,"
etc..rthe maiden turned a deaf • ear 'and
a ..deadlock .prevailed. Kitchener's , sharp
"What's this'." put a climax to the scene.' The
jrlrl evidently guessed that 'this was the dreaded
chief of' staff, and her lips trembled in 'spite of
herself. ' •
LONDON, May 14.— Reuter's correspond
ent at Pretoria writes: Of all the stories
told by the correspondents with General
Kitchener this by far is the best:
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
BRAVE BOER GIRL
STANDS OFF KITCHENER
The foregoing dispatch refers to the
losses sustained by the Innlskllllngs May
10, detailed in the dispatches of the As
sociated Press Saturday last. The. troop
ers were fired on while unsaddling their
horses, having apprqached the kraal un
suspiciously as a white flag was flying
from it.
"KROONSTAD. Sunday, May "13.— There
were more casualitles in the cavalry di
vision than has been reported by me. I
have been unable to get an exact account
of what has occurred, as the commanding
officer. Captain Elsworthy., was ( killed,
and two o'Hoers were wounded at the
same time, and have been sent to the
rear. But it would appear that a party
of our men going up to a kraal on which
a white flag was flying was suddenly at
tacked by a large number of the enemy.
Two officers, Captain Haih of the Sixth
Dragoons and Lieutenant Wilkinson of
the Australian Horse, were made prison
ers and twenty-one men. are still unac
counted for. Some of them may have
turned up, as the cavalry covered a con
siderable distance May 10 and -reported
missing have been rejoining during the
last few days."
LOSSES SUSTAINED
BY THE INNISKILLINGS
LONDON, May 14.-The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts:
Lord Roberts replied April 22 that he
w.is glad to receive President Kruger's
assurances, and pointed out that no dif
ference was made by the British authori
ties in regard to the Boer prisoners
against whom there might be reasonable
ground for suspicion that they would try
to escape, adding that such exceptions
gave room for abuse by officials without
the knowledge of the authorities.
Regarding enteric fever, the Government
of the Transvaal said it was prevalent
among the civil population as well as
r.mong the prisoners, and every remedial
measure had been taken.
ar.d President Kruger relative to the al
leged ill treatment of colonial prisoners.
The Transvaal's reply was to the effect
that there was no difference in the treat
ment of the prisoners, and that only a
few who had controverted martial law or
who had tried to escape, or who it had
been suspected might try to escape, had
been placed in jail for security. Otherwise
they had been treated like the other pris
oners of war. '
LONDON. May 14.— The War Office has
published h dispatch from Lord Roberts,
date.a Kropnstad,. Sunday, May 13* giving
the correspondence between Lord Roberta
caij a meeting to sue for peace, as further
resistance v.-as suicidal and proposed to
make President Steyn a prisoner.
. Nothing definite has been heard about
the expected relief _ of Mafeking. The
Cape Town correspondents continue to
wire that relief is imminent, fixing Tues
day or Wednesday as probable dates. In
quirers at the War Office arc told that thc»
news of the relief will be made public
immediately upon its receipt. No word
had come to hand at midnight.
The latest supposition concerning Gen
eral Hunter is that possibly he is march
ing upon the north bank of the Vaal with
a force sufficient, in co-operation with
Lord Robert?, to render Boer defense of
the Vaal frontier impracticable.
East of Bloemfontein General Rundle
Is advancing toward Ladybrand. His
troops and those of General Brabant are
stretched over a distance of thirty miles.
The Beers are d^pcribed as quite disor
ganized and as retreating northward.
President Stcyn's lieutenants are trying to
rally them.
The same stories of disintegration come
from nearly every point where the Knglish
correspondents are. Mr. Hollaweil. form
erly a correspondent at Mafeking, who
was put over the Transvaal border, tele
graphing from Lourenzo Marques Sunday,
eays: -
Judging from talks I have had with
the Boers the end of the war will come
in a mo^ith or six weeks. Mr. Steinkampf,
chairman of the second Raad, who trav
eled with me, said that if the burghers
v.ere pressed from Pretoria they would
retire to the district of the Leydenberg
mountains, which had already, been pro
visioned. .ir<» remarked that he hoped the
burghers would stand firm, but he f fared
they, were too' broken in spirits. . I g'ath
eml'from him that the whole available
force of thie Transvaal was now in the
field, the final commandeering having
taken place last Thursday, and that It Is
only the powerful magnetism of Presi
dent Kruger getting his burghers to
gether. At the British hospitals In Bloem
fontein the deaths from fever average
from eight to ten dally." ¦
BULLER SUCCEEDS IN
FORCING THE BIGGARSBERG
LONDON, May 14.— A dispatch received
by thfe Associated Press from Pietermar
itzburg. ' Xatal, timed 12:05 to-day,
brought the first Intimation of a success
attained by General Duller in Northern
Natal. The sender of this dispatch evi
dently assumed that news of the affair
had beon received direct from the scene
of hostilities, for he merely said:
."General Buller's official telegram tell
ing of his success at the Bfggarsberg, re
ceived here an hour ago. has given keen
satisfaction. It is confidently anticipated
that Dundee will be occupied by the Brit
ish to-day. The residents of the north
country are delighted, as forcing the Big
garsbt-ry means that they will speedily
be enabled to return to their homes."
Another dispatch to the Associated
Press, dated Stonehill Farm, 8:20 this
morning, says:
"After four days' march eastward, at
the foot of the Biggarsberg ridges, in the
direction of Helpmaakar, which was oc
cupied by the Federals, the Second Bri
gade Sunday led the attack. Dundonald'3
Cavalry broke the Boers' center arid
IJeihune's Horse advanced on their ex
treme right. In the direction of Pomeroy
a small party of burghers occupied a
ridge overlooking Helpmaakar,' but they
did not wait for the assault."..
m
KRUGER AND ROBERTS ON
TREATMENT OF PRISONERS
ACCRA, . May 14.— Runners .who arrived
here to-day- report - that • Kumassie ¦ is . still
closely, invested ; hy. the Ashantls, but that
the garrison is ; holding out.:-. The Adasis,
neighboring: tribes/ threaten the Bekwais,'
who are loyal to the Government.
KTTMASSIE CLOSELY INVESTED.
BUDAPEST, [ May 14.— In the course of
his : customary speech- to the ' delegations
to-day the " Austro-Hungarlan Minister .i of
Foreign Affairs, Count Goluchowski, , de
clared ' that' the .confidence ¦ he :. had pre
viously felt that the; South 'African; war
would not dangerously affect the relations
between the great powers had so far been
fully realized. He hoped hostilities would
soon be' terminated - and- ; mediation ap
peared to be j out r of/ the question, unless
both ' belligerents desired '. It. >
HOPE FOR EARLY PEACE.
THABA NCHU, May 13.— The . Eighth
Division, with its front extending thirty
miles, was yesterday moving: forward.
General Grenfell and . General Brabant
followed ; the Boers, reaching ¦ Newberry's
mills and . capturing great quantities of
flour and grain. General Brabant's main
force, with Campbell's brigade of guards
and General Boyes' brigade, have cleared
the country. The Boers are splitting up
and retiring in the ' direction of CIoclo
land.
Railway repairs are progressing rapidly.
The town accepts the occupation quietly.
FOLLOWED THE BOERS.
The Standard and Diggers' News of Jo
hannesburg shows that | dissensions exist
in the Transvaal Volksraad.
KROONSTAD, May 12.-Prestdent Steyn
has gone to Hellbrun, not Lindley. He
has declared tho former the new capital.
Four hundred burghers have given up
their arms here and in this neighborhood.
Although the bridge across the Valsch
has been destroyed, a good deviation ex
ists where the road ran before the bridge
was; constructed. The .Transvaalers are
reported to be massing at the Vaal.
HKILBRTJN THE CAPITAL.
LONDON. May 14.— At the annual meet-
Ing of the Army Temperance Association
to-day Major General Sir George White,
the defender of Ladysmlth. presiding, a
letter was read from Lord Roberts, dated
Bloemfontein, April 19, during the course
of which the writer says: "There never
was a more temperate army than that
which marched under my command from
the Modder river to Bloemfontein. Noth
ing but- good can result from so many
soldiers being brought together in an ar
duous campaign when' they see how splen
didly our temperance men have borne up
against the hardships and dangers they
have had to face."
TEMPERATE TROOPERS.
It appears that on Thursday last Paul
Botha and Mr. Macdonald. members of
the Volksraad,? demanded that the chair
man should call a meeting to sue for
peace, further resistance being suicidal,
and that President Steyn be made a pris
oner. ¦
KROONSTAD. May 13.— Fully 200 local
Boers hid under the river banks In order
to escape commando duty. These men
and others have now surrendered and
taken the oath of allegiance. Our troops
are rapidly concentrating and it is hoped
that the requisite locomotive power will
be here by Wednesday. Lord Roberts is
determined to press on in pursuit.
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copy
right. I'M. by New York Herald Com
pany. Ilepublication of this dispatch is
prohibited. All rltrhts reserved in the
United States and Great Britain.]
VOLKSRAAD MEMBERS
READY TO SURRENDER
At a meeting of 350 Afrikander women,
held yesterday, it was resolved to ask the
Government for arms and ammunition
and suggest that they do the work of the
men officials in the town who, they de
clared, ought to be fighting at the front.
The resolution was carried unanimously.
The Volkstem asserts that the British
prisoners in the hands of the Boers will
lirst feel the effects of the embargo placed
on tinned meats and clothing destined
for the Transvaal at Delagoa Bay.
The telegrapher at Malope says that a
heavy rifle and cannon fire was heard be
fore 6 o'clock to-day and that the "Kaffir
location" was in flames within an hour
and was totally destroyed. At 10 o'clock, he
adds, everything was quieter.
PRETORIA, May 12 (via Lourenzo
Marques).— A war bulletin has been Issued
here announcing that the British are ad
vancing against the Federals at Help
maakaf and Tonders Nek. The burghers
this morning attacked Mafeking.
AFRIKANDER WOMEN
ASK TO BE ARMED
CUBANS GRIN OVER
AMERICAN DISHONESTY
WASHINGTON, May 14.— The Postmas
ter General, after a protracted interview
with the President to-day, announced
that Joseph L. Bristow, Fourth Assist
ant Postmaster General, will proceed to
Havana next Wednesday to take charge
of the postal affairs of the island of Cuba.
The Postmaster General declined to say
whether or not Director General of Posts
Rathbone would be suspended. It Is said,
however, that the fact that General Bris
tow will assume these duties does not nec
essarily indicate that Mr. Rathbone will
be relieved of all connection with the ser
vice. General Bristow outranks the Di
rector of Posts, and the latter might ope
rate as a subordinate, though on this
point no statement is vouchsafed.
Further than the announcement that
Mr. Bristow would go to Havana, the
Postmaster General said there were no
new developments in the situation. He
said that there had not been an Intima
tion that there had been any wrongdoing
in the postal affairs of either the Philip
pine Islands or Porto Rico. |
Respecting rumors that similar irregu
larities to those developed in Cuba have
occurred in the other insular possessions
over which military jurisdiction has been
extended, It is declared positively at the
War Department that while the inspec
tors have been working constantly to im
prove the administrative service, they
have not found a single case Involving
moral turpitude.
"To my surprise," said Lindsay to a re
porter, "the charges in Governor Wood's
requisition papers go back to .the old
Spanish laws; they accuse our client of a
violation of the penal code of Cuba, arti
cle 401, section 3, which reads: 'Any pub
lic employe who has charge of public
funds who takes, or consents that others
will take any part thereof, shall be pun
ished with the penalty of Presidio Mayor,
if the sum taken exceeds 6250 pesetas and
does not exceed 125.000 pesetas.' Under
this charge, if convicted, he may be im
prisoned in quarters where the crime* was
committed for a term not exceeding
twelve years or less than six and a day."
"The charges are not brought under the
United States laws, the maximum penalty
for the same offense being seven -years,
nor under the postal laws of Cuba, which
provide for a penalty of not less than six
months nor more than ten years. As the
charges read, the authorities want to try
him In Cuba without a jury and before a
Judge appointed by the Military Gover
nor. Our client asks to be tried in the
United States court as a citizen."
After reading the papers which came
by messenger from Washington, John D.
Lindsay, counsel for Neeley, informed
District Attorney Barnett that he would
oppose the granting of extradition papers.
"I have received the requisition papers
from Washington and have communicat
ed with Governor Roosevelt in regard to
the hearing which is always allowed the
defendants In extradition cases. I pre
sume the hearing will be g}ven not later
than Wednesday."
NEW YORK, May 14.— In speaking of
the requisition for the extradition of
Charles F. W. Neeley. the chief of the
finance division of the Postofflce Depart
ment of Cuba, who is charged with em
bezzlement and is now out on bail. United
States District Attorney Barnett said to
day:
Bp^cial : . DlBpatoh to Th«> Cull.
¦WASHINGTON; May 14.-Kstos Q.
Rathbone =, has been ¦¦¦ deposed nn : director
general 'of'posts'inCubu, and the 5 names
of - Alger •> and .: Major.: General . Rrooke : are
now. being, brought forward In the discus-
ALGER AND BROOKE
ARE NOW BLAMED
others throughout the island, and also to
have extended to outside points which
have been used for the sale of some of
the old Issue of stamps that were ordered
destroyed. •
The result of the Investigation at the
local postofflce Is the suspension of Post
master Thompson, who was Installed in
April. of last year. He will remain at his
own house for the present. Moya and
Mascaro, stamp-sellers In the main office,
have also been arrested and further ar
rests are expected to-morrow. As many
as six others have been placed under the
closest supervision and will be arrested
as soon as their services can be spared.
As a matter of fact, if they were all
to be suddenly relieved of duty it would
not be possible to carry on the postal de
partment of Havana.
Messrs. Reeves and Reynolds, the audi
tors: of the postal department, are still
under arrest at their own : rooms.' in
charge, of detectives. ~ Special quarters
will, however, be prepared In some for
tress, where all , the prisoners connected
with the frauds will be taken as soon as
arrested. • /¦'¦'
• To-day's arrests and the suspension of
Mr. ' Thompson did not take place until
after dark, and consequently these new
features of- the case, are not generally
known - throughout the city this evening,
but there is a perceptible excitement at
the postofflce, where no one knows who
may be the next to be singled out.
It appears that the frauds .ramified in
almost every, possible direction. Even the
rented boxes have been a source of ille
gitimate gain. ; ¦ ¦
Every, additional - revelation Increases
the amazement of ' the Americans here
The Cubans seem to be Immensely pleas
ed. They declare that the Americans can
no longer boast in Cuba' of their superior
honesty, when in Government employ.
Postal Frauds in the Island Far
Greater Than Was .Originally
Supposed.
HAVANA. May 14.— The. extent of the
postal frauds is far greater than what
was originally expected. Besides taking
in the postal department, the frauds seem
to include the Havana office and various
Friends of General Alger resent the at
tempt of the administration to shift the
responsibility to his shoulders. They
point- out that he appointed Director
Rathbone upon the recommendation of
Postmaster General Smith, and the audi
tor upon the recommendation of Secretary
Gage.
sion of the scandal made public by the
arrest of Neeley. There is some dis
position in certain quarters to transfer to
the shoulders of General Alger all the re
sponsibility possible. He is blamed first
for the appointment of Director Rathbone
and of the postal auditor, and secondly
because he ignored General Breckinridge's
tlrst cabled recommendation permitting
the auditor to continue a long inspection
of the postal accounts. General Breckin
ridge, relative to the statements published
this morning:, telegraphed Secretary Root,
arserting he was not responsible for the
criticisms and intimating that the respon
sibility rested with Mr. Root's predeces
sor. It is pointed out by army officers,
however, that Mr. Root was Secretary of
War when General. Breckinridge submit
ted his annual report, in which special
stress was laid upon the advisability of
having the inspectors general inspect all
civil expenditures.
RQME, May 14.— Mount Vesuvius is
again in a state of eruption, and specta
tors are forbidden to approach within a
certain distance. Signor Matteucci. pro
fessor of geology In the University of
Naplesu who is devoting himself to a
study of volcanic action, had a narrow es
cape. He had received a special permit
to approach the crater, and was bruised
and burned by a shower of incandescent
stones.
i
Amaya on Trial.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, May 14.— The taking of
testimony In the case of Manuel Amaya,
charged with murder, was commenced to
day in the Superior Court. Attorney
Lindsay, for the defense, argued against
the admission as evidence of the written
statements made by G. D. Loueks. the
victim, before his death. District Attor
ney Knight argued to the contrary. Judge
Smith will render a decision to-morrow.
Professor Matteucci Narrowly Es
capes Being Buried by Lava.
VESUVIUS ACTIVE.
Senate Committee on Interoceanic
Canals Recommends That the
*tv>.';»- Measure Be Passed. c
WASHINGTON. May 14.— The Senate
Committee on Interoceanic Canals to-day
ordered a favorable report on the Nicara
gua canal bill as it passed the House.
There were only five members of the
committee present at to-day's meeting. A
motion ¦'was made to report the bill, and
without debate the vote was taken. Sen
ators Morgan, McBrlde, Harris and Tur
ner voting in the affirmative and Senator
Hanna in the negative.
FAVORABLE REPORT
MADE ON CANAL BILL
CHARLES F. W. NEELEY, CHIEF OF THE FINANCE DIVISION Ol
THE POSTOFFICE DEPARTMENT OF CUBA. WHO IS CHARGED WITI
Marching -Forty Miles in Three Days He
Scores a Success of Consequence,
Political as Well as Military.
To Be Granted Representa
¦ tives to Sit in the
Privy Council.
Chamberlain Introduces New Austra
lian Commonwealth Bill and
Explains the Purposes of
tha Government.
LONDON, May 14.— The Secretary of
State for the Colonies. Mr. Joseph Cham
berlain, rose in a well filled house to-day
to introduce :the Australian Common
wealth bill, which he. described as a great
and important step towards the organiza
tion of the British 'empire.
Continuing, Mr. Chamberlain said it
would make Australia an indissoluble
federal commonwealth, united for the
most important functions of government
with intercolonial free trade, a common
tariff for. all. the colony and common con
trol of the national defense. Mr. Cham
berlain pointed. out that as foreign coun
tries were concerned in the new consti
tution it was important that measures
that might involve the imperial govern
ment in the most serious responsibilities
should be interpreted by a tribunal in
which all the % parties had full confidence,
and the government could not consent to
Clause 74 relating to the Appeal Court,
because it meant the abolition of the im
perial veto. The government would ask
the /house, he said, to amend the bill so
as to retain the power of the Court of Ap
peals. The government, he added, pro
posed to introduce In the House of Lords
forthwith a reheme to appoint for seven
years a representativo each of Canada,
South Africa, Australia and India to be
members of the privy council and who
would act as Lords of appeal. Life peer
ages would be conferred on them so that
they would continue to sit in the House
of Lords, although they would not act as
Judges after their term of service had
expired. They would be paid the same a3
I^ords of Appeal and at the cost of the
imperial government.
The Liberal leader in the House, Sir
Henry Campbell-Eannerman, said he
thought it unfortunate that the govern
ment had not acceded to proposals which
had received the unanimous approval of
Australia and. he added, the opposition
would refuse to support the government
proposals in reference to the Court of Ap
peals.
The bill passed its first, reading. The
second reading: was fixed for May 21.
ENGLAND MAKES
CONCESSIONS TO
HER COLONIES
GENERAL BULLER TURNS
BIGGARSBERG POSITION
Fourth Assistant Postmaster General
Sent to Cuba to Straighten
Out the Postal Frauds.
FUGITIVE NEELEY TO
RESIST EXTRADITION
THE SAN JfltAJS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.
FLEEING FROM THE BRITISH INVADERS:
As Lord Roberts' army advances: through the Free State the burghers who are unwilling to re
main under British rule r.re "trekking" toward the Vaal. after the manner of their forefathers. The
fi'oovc picture, t.-.kca. frora. tbs Spc".r, shcvrs a team that, too hastily driven, haa about s^ivsn out.
LONDOXj May 15. 3:45 a sn. — Gf-neral
r.uiler has turned the B!|rs-arsborg;
position by a bold rnovcmeql. Tht
Eoor? had evacuated H^lpnidakar.
but were maKss a ctaxtd r Monday
evening 1 at Bleskoplaagle. se\en milv."
from Dundee. The corps on ibe s;>ot re
garded this as a rear-gruard action Intend
ed to cover the retreat of the array.
At the same time Genera} Hiloyard took
Innr.ba and It is reported that the Boers
withdrew in disorder.
General Rulicr. who seems to be em
ploying his full strength, is expected to
pnSh'on. Ills Sret marches \rer« forty
miles in thr*-p days. He is thus breaking
into Er.jr!i8h territory, which had been ad
ministered for six months by the Trans
vaalers as though it -wore part of the re
public, they holding courts and levying
taxes. His success, therefore, has po
litical as well as military consequences.
"While Lord Roberts' . infantry are con
centrating at Kroor.stad, where they will
rest for a day or two. his horsemen have
penetrated eighteen miles northward. In
the squadron which cut th»» railway fif
teen miles beyond Knponstad was the
American scout. Frederick Bumham.
Two hundred Boers who had hidden in
the river jungles near Kroonstad to es
cape F*-rv!ce have surrendered to the
British and taken th<> oath of allegiance.
According to a dispatch from Bennett
BurUigh to the Daily TeleRTaph. dated
Thursday. May 10. Paul Hot ha and Mac-
Donald. mrmlxTs of the Free State Volks
raari. demanded that the chairman should
2
wwoins&n p s
when sick Is Lydla E.
Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound.
No other medSoine in the
world has- done so much
good.
No confidence has ever
been violated.
No woman's testimonial
was ever published by
Mrs. P in kh am without
special permission.
No woman overwrote to
Mrs. Plnkham for advice
without getting help. No
man sees these letters.
Her advice Is free, and
her address is Lynn,
Mass. She is a woman,
you can tell her the truth.
No living person is so
competent to advise
women. None has had
such experience.
She has restored a nail-
lion sufferers to health.
You oan trust her. Others
have. 1
Lydia E. Plnkham Mod. Co., Lynn, Masa. ¦
WABNER'SYREHEDIES.
KIDNEY DISEASE
~~\
A COMPLETE OJRE
AFTER A TOUR, WITHOIT BENEFIT,
AMONG \
THE LEADING LIGHTS «F THE
MEDICAL PROFESSION.
.- \
The Case of FRANCES W. GREStUM,
617 2nd St.. N. W., WashingtonjD. C,
Secretary and Treasurer the Higherieaque
of Educational Society, Washington.
"I firmly believe that I owe my life ta 'War-
ner's Safe Cure. For two years I suffered with
kidney trouble and could find no relief any-
where.. I spent hundreds of dollars on donors
and medicines— some would give temporary re-
lief and others none whatever. I decided to try
Warner's Safe Cure as a last resort and wtsh,
I had followed the advice of friends sooner. It
-was the only thins that helped ma and in lest
than four months it had made a new woman-
out of me. _ I am entirely well and I give all
the praise to Warner's Safe Cure."
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB.
6OLUTELT WITHOUT PAIN, by oar Ut*
scientific method applied to the coma. Mo
sleep-producing agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlor* in flan
Francisco having PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, fill and apply jkjH
crowns and porcelain crown* undetectable from
natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIN. Full set of
teeth 13, a perfect fit guaranteed' or no pay.
Gold crowns. 13. Gold fllllnsrs. JL Silver nil-
ing*. 60c. All work done by GRADUATE DSN-
TISTS of from 12 to SO years* experience, and
each department In charge of a specialist. Glv»
us a call, and you will find us to do exactly
•a ws advertise. We will tell you In advanc«
exactly what your work will cost by a FREB
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. 8 to 8; SUNDAYS. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
S^ifSHY l$ HEALTHFUL! f
o ¦' " fi^ A Natcral Mkeral "Water
O K?l * il h medicinal qualltte*. O
0 /jp& ** or Indigestion and ?
p 4j^ji& Stomach Disorders, o
1 S<>Caned VICHY I
° |p^§i| in siphons 2
% JSS9L ' s " QT W.1S&3 b ?
I SSP^J Cet th0 GentlIn9 o
o a. VIGNIER, Distributing Affsnt*
"I have been troubled a great deal
with w torpid liver, which produces constipa-
tion. I found CASC A RKTS to be all you claim
for them, and secured such relief the first trial.
that I purchased another supply and was com-
pletely cured. I shall only be too glad to rec-
ommend Cascarets whenever the opportunity
Is presented." J. A. Smith. •
2820 Sasquehanna Ave.. Philadelphia. P*.
TJJADB MARK U*O'STCf»ID _^f(ff
fl£^ as »? nt< ?? 1 ? tabI & fo'ent- Taste Good. Do
Good. J.ever blcken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. 35c. We.
.... CURE CONSTIPATION. ...
Sterling R.mfrtr « omp.n., rhle.xo, Mo.trf .1, Sew lark. SO
t!Q«Tfl-RAO Sold.and guaranteed by alldniii-
fiV I U-DAb K isu to <:l'U£ Tobacco Habit.
Ut^l jWSjv'^i *^ t^^^TtH S3 EVl M^ T^j
SjJi iSmEy «tfA w^. _£¦ EjfF Hs^tegtw. 5_9v4
E55?E252S?j fl.* ! * J v 1 r§ »i * Ha i\ 1 1 ¦ "j a wT^BC3*tfRJl
DR.iiALL'S fi£LMVlG08AT0R^?^|
Five hundred reward for any gfatn^a^S
case 'we cannot cure. This secret «•»*¦ « 'U
remedy itops all losnes In 24 i ¦
hJ^iri. cures Emissions, Impo- pfg v 4
tency. Varicocele. Gonorrhoea. Tf*T\ PTrl
Gleet FiU. Strictures. L*>»t LCUl Ug|J
Manhood and all was.tir.se eBecta K>X_J^4
of self-abuw or excesses. Seot r?**VVKaA
sealed II bottle; 3 botttea. U: iruaranteed to
cur* any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE 835 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Al*>
for sala at 1073*4 Market st.. S. F. All prtvat*
diseases Quickly cured. Send for freo book.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
iS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs for both sexes.
The Mexican Kepnedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & BUUNE, Agents,
223 Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Circular. >
WEE&f CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
_____ — —
$1 perA'eaP.
DIZZY s^rv
/ A, S\ \ \ ">Ji| Eult of Jmper-
/ »r I I L £ f e c * Crrula-
I | 1 p n brain. Thi«
| I I / T>-f V Im P«rfect cir-
i I 21 / IT F-i Nation la us-
J I CJ {- X -^ I ua »I>- due to a
I I / /* f£i w< "ak»ned heart
•^11 1 A / / I W « « k n e s s
vJ&WU // ' ' !/ T 131 "* from
J j . f hau«t!on. Thus
> v'^ all \ ¦ <tizz - v s^iis.
/^v A I A I heada ch»s, j
>t !c* I A 1 PWdiness, ten-
ip I I \ 1 dency to faint i
'X I I \ I ere due to j
V: n / / \ 1 Nerve -\\>ak-
yC Ih II 111 n '" ss In nearly
I / 111 every instance.
\.JI II 1 I CUI "t'S surhcon-
J\j, I / ! I <litifi "» as th*
11 I I Uveljr and j*-r-
rSrt / / I I " L ' n Y -a x
~*\ , I I I 1 ourrn func-
\ I i I tional heart
I I I \ troubles
1 I 1 \ I HLL»YAX
-=l \ I l^*-^>w has
-»^?l V^v ""¦•^^^^ hundreds
nv?i
HUDYAN-50C. th 3i
All OMHi'MCtC . OUSCOIDpli-
ttll UrilgglStS. cation* that
nt-rv« wvak-
r.efis brlnps on. Note the figures— they describe
the weak points when nerves are giving way
You want HUDTAX for all weak-nfrve con- I
dltiona.. HUDTAX ouren.ios* of apatite, loss
cf etreug-th. ilerplpflsn**-?, treniUllnpis, exhaus-
tion. HL'DYAN" makes o.ie feel that life is
worth living, for it cstablifhes health.
«KT HUDTAIC Trom your drusrgist: 50o a
j>atkaire, fix packages fcr.J2 SO. If your drus-
piFt doe* n°t keep It. wnd direct to Hl'DTAX
HEMEDT <X>., cor. Stockton, Ellis and Marten
Ets., San Francisco, Cal.
<« & of the Hudyaa Rtra:c'y
i nnrTDR^ v- . may hs . c ° n suited
1 IJUU L UilO ! by letter or in person.
* : — — <*> Write your- symptcms, ;
EEKD FOR CIRCl'LAKS; AND .TESTIMO-
N'ALS OF THIS GREAT UUDYAN— FREE. ' ;Troops Ordered to Cuba.
CHICAGO, May 14.— Four companies of
the Fifth United States Infantry stationed
at Fort Sheridan have received orders) to
leave for New York on their way to
Southern Cuba, where they will be used to
strengthen their regiment during garri
son duty. The troops, which are in com
mand of Lieutenants Reeves and Pattelo,
left for the East to-night.
Death of a Pioneer.
WILLOWS. May 14.— George Washing
ton Hoffman, a pioneer of this county,
died suddenly at his home near Norman
Saturday. He was a native of Ohio, aged
72 years. ;
MERCED. Cal.. May 14.— Yesterday
morning, T. C. Dean, a well-known ranch
er of this county, was shot by a man he
had befriended. On Saturday afternoon
Charles \ Bailey, who several years ago
lived on the Merced River, called at the.
Dean ranch and made himself known to
Mr. Dean as his former acquaintance and
also applied for work about the place.
Mr. -¦ Dean had nothing for the man to
do, but Bailey ; was permitted . to , remain
on the ranch over night. As there was no
room in the house for him he used a bed
that was in the barn. }
Early yesterday morning Mr. Dean
started toward : the barn an'd as he ap
proached Bailey confronted him with a
shotgun and taking aim fired two shots,
only one taking effect, lodging in the ieg.
An employe of the ranch attempted .to
interfere, but was informed that he would
receive the same dose if he did so. When
asked why he had attempted murder.
Bailey replied that "Dean had treated him
like a dog." t
, After the shooting Bailey fled from the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Only Explanation Offered by the
Criminal for the Deed Is
That He Had Been 111
Treated.
Aged Man Shoots a Farmer
Who Had Given Him a
Night's Lodging.
ATTEMPTS TO
MURDER HIS
BENEFACTOR
I ' Special Dispatch to The Call.
™ CALL HEADQUARTERS, "WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
i May 14.— The following bill, which recently became a law. was championed
) by Representative Julius Kahn of California. It will be of particular in
terest to hunters, campers, etc., to know the danger they run unless they
extinguish the nres built by them:
Be It enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of
C America In Congress assembled, that an act entitled "An act to prevent forest flres
) on the public domain," approved February 24, lS37^be and the same Is hereby amended
so ax to read as follows: .;"•¦'-•'
: "That any person who shall willfully or maliciously set on lire, or cause to be set on
) flre. any timber, underbrush or grass upon the public domain, or shall leare or suffer
; lire to burn unattended near any timber or other Inflammable material, shall be deemed
, guilty 'of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof In any district court of the United
States having jurisdiction of the same shall be fined In a sum not more than JJOOO
: or be imprisoned for a term of not more than two years, or both,
i "Sec. 2. That any person who shall build a flre In or near any forest, timber or
other Inflammable material upon the public domain shall before leaving said flre to
¦ tally extinguish the same. Any person falling to do so shall be deemed guilty of a
1 misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof In any district court of the United States
having jurisdiction of the same shall be fined in a sum not more than $1000 or be
Imprisoned for a term of not more than one year, or both.
"Sec. 3. That In all cases arising under this act the fines collected shall be raid
; into the public school fund of the county In which the lands where? the offense was
committed are situated^"
Heavy Fines Must Be Paid to School Districts
by Those Causing Forest F» r es.
DUE WARNING TO ALL
CAMPERS AND HUNTERS
Special : Dispatch - to The Call. -
SAN RAFAEL. May 14.— The children of
F. W. ' Reynolds." while left alone to play
to-night, overturned a lighted lamp and
set fire to the house. They were rescued
from the flames by Game Warden - Rob
ertson.*
Overturned a Lamp.
MONTGOJTERY, Ala., . May 14.—War
rants were gworn out to-day for the ar
rest of Warren S. Reese, United States
District Attorney for the Middle District
of Alabama; Julian H. Bingham, internal
revenue collector for Alabama, and Frank
Morague, on a charge of conspiracy to
kill certain doorkeepers at the State Cap
itol on the day of the meeting of the Re
publican State Convention, April 13. Affi
davits were made by Charles H. Scott,
brother of Gaston Scott, who was shot by
Morague. No arrests have been made. .<
CBTA_HGEI> WITH CONSPIRACY.
ferings of the Famine-Stricken
Natives of India.
LONDON, May 1.— The viceroy of In
dia, Lord Curzon of Keddleston, has tele
graphed to the Secretary of State for In
dia, Lord George Hamilton, saying: "The
decline In the number of persons demand
ing relief in Bombay and elsewhere is
probably due to the outbreak of cholera,
which has broken up many of the relief
camps and has enormously Increased our
famine officers' difficulties. Otherwise the
situation Is unaltered."
BOMBAY, May 14.— Louis Klopsch of
New York, publisher of the Christian Her
ald, has arrived here and is starting on
a tour of the famine-stricken districts.
He has handed to the International mis
sionary committee three lacs of rupees —
about {145,500— for distribution among the
famine sufferers.
? -
Terrible Scourge Added to the Suf-
CHOLERA BREAKS OUT IN
INDIAN RELIEF CAMPS
GERMANS HAVE SEIZED
MUCH OF CONGO FREE STATE
One Thousand Soldiers, Acting Under
Orders From Berlin, Active on
. Ruzizf River.
LONDON, May 15.— Lionel Decla, who Is
conducting a Cape-to-Cairo expedition
fitted out by the London Dally Tele
graph, sends by wire and steamers from
Uvlla, north of Lake Tanganyika, the
following: "The situation here is critical.
The Germans have forcibly seized all the
Congo Free State territory up to Ruzlzi
River, occupying three thousand square
miles of Congo territory with WOO soldiers,
fifteen officers and cannon. The Belgian
officer withdrew from his station under
threat of Instant attack. The Germans
burned the station. Their officers acted
on instructions from Berlin."
BOMB EXPLODED UNDER
CARRIAGE IN PARIS
Its Occupants, HL. Raphael and His
"Wife, While Badly Frightened,
Were Unhurt.
PARIS, May 15.— Some commotion was
caused about 9 o'clock last evening on the
Avenue des Champs Elysees by the ex
plosion of a bomb under a carriage of M.
Rapftael, th© banker, who was accom
panied by his, wife.
The explosion occurred just. as the car
riage reached the Junction of the avenue
with the Rue Boitie. Although consid
erably -frightened the occupants of the
carriage were not, hurt.
COOLIES SENT Tt) BUILD
RAILWAY TO PORT ARTHUR
Russia Ships One Hundred Thousand
Chinese to Manchuria to Hasten
the Work.
NAGASAKI.. May 14.— Russia has ship
ped 100,000 coolies from China to Man
churia to construct the railway to Port
Arthur. »
The fortifications at Port Arthur are
progressing . rapidly, and the troops, am
munition and supplies there far exceed
the necessities of. railway protection.
FILIPINO INCENDIABIES.
Attempt Made to Burn a Quantity ot
Hay at Manila.'
MANILA.. : May 14.— Seven Filipinos
made an attempt to-day to burn a quan
tity of hay: stored near, the quartermas
ter's storehouse on the river front. The
guards - killed one and .wounded another.
The others escaped.
Yolo Census Enumerators.
Special ; Dispatch to The Call. ' " ", .
WOODLAND, May 14.— The list' of cen
sus ' enumerators • for , Yolo County ' was
completed ; to-day by the appointment of
Miss. Myra Ward.
Barker Sentenced.
SEATTLE. . May 14-^eorge . Barker,
found guilty fof manslaughter for killing
Charles ; Johnson > here three ; months • ago,
was sentenced : to fifteen ¦ years' • Imprison
ment this morning. ' '-.¦-¥&£fc£BBim!!&
' For the - Epworth Leaguere • .. and . the
: Toung People's Society of the f Baptist
church there will be special badges, ac
cording equal .privileges with the :En
deavorers. The convention -,wlH *; open
The plan for, the registration of dele
gates has been completed. There will ba
a corps of eighteen to attend to this. /The
pulpit supply committee has not yet com
pleted its work. It is settled, however,
that there will be denominational' rallies
at all the churches on Friday afternoon,
at which receptions ' to - delegates i will bo
extended. A great many people have tried
to purchase the souvenir.: buttons, ¦ but
these are not for, sale, not until after the
convention at least. ; They will be given
to accredited delegates only and will be
the badges of admission to the delegates'
floor of the convention. ¦-¦¦, *.- :_,.-
The decoration committee, under the di
rection of Miss Julia Smith, is working
hard. The Superintendent or Streets has
been asked to have all the gardeners of
public squares cut what palm leaves can
be spared for inside decorations, and all
those having palms are asked to let the
committee know. The work of decorating
the pavilion is going on with a full corps
to-day. It will present a beautiful scene.
The big electric sign, "Stockton Extends
Greeting," has been raised on the west
side of the Courthouse. It will be given
a trial Illumination Wednesday night or
perhaps to-morrow night. Just now the
force of carpenters in the pavilion is
busily engaged in building seats for 2000
people.' .These will be : constructed'. with
backs for ' comfort. - The committee' was
enabled to get but 2000 chairs, which was
not half enough.
Here everything has been arranged.
Miss Green, on the entertainment com
mittee, announces that there*.-, will '".be
enough rooms. The committee will have
to entertain about seventy-five people,
forty of whom are .speakers.
STOCKTON, May 14.— Work was com
menced to-day decorating the city for the
big Christian Endeavor convention which
convenes Thursday. Big banners will be
strung from the Southern Pacific depot
down Main street, on Eldorado, Weber
avenuo and on San Joaquin street to the
Pavilion. The purple and gold of the so
ciety will be used, interspersed with red,
white and blue. The various committees
have everything now well In hand. Chair
man Clark of ttie reception committee has
his assistants all selected. They will meet
all incoming trains and boats and a corps
of 'lour will bo sent to I»di and Lathrop
to meet incoming' delegates.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Entertainment Committee Announces
That Ample Accommodations
Save Been Secured for
tne Visitors.
Stockton Streets Are Gay
With Purple and Gold
S Banners.
PREPARING FOR
INVASION BY
ENDEAVORERS
Mayor tJtke, in response to a telegram
for assistance, sent a fire engine, hose
cart and a brigade of fire fighters to help
the stricken town. The major portion of
the town, which lies on the east side of
the railroad track, is destroyed. Every
thing in tl\p town was burned except two
dwellings, the company's store and the
depot
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. May 14.— A Sen
tinel special from iiarinette, Wis.. says:
Fire started in the big lumber and cedar
yards of C. H. Worcester & Co.. at Fish
er, Mich., twenty-eight miles west of
here, at noon to-day, and to-night the
town is in ruins. A high westerly wind
prevailed.
The loss will be over $200,000, partially
Insured. The C. H. Worcester Company
of Chicago, which owned almost every
thing in the place. Is the heaviest loser.
The fire started in the lumber yard
early this morning and in a short time
the big" sawmill, planing mill, school
house, forty dwellings, hospital, two lum
ber yards and a number of other build
ings were in ashes. Two hundred people
are homeless there to-night.
Burned and Hundreds Are
Left Homeless.
Almost Every Building in Fisher
WISCONSIN TOWN
DESTROYED BY FIRE
chief of staff, at his own request, and
directing him to report at the War Of
fice, were received to-day, and General
Chaffeo will probably leave for the Unit
ed States next Monday by the transport
Hurnside.
properly on Thursday evening. Orrin S.
Henderson, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors, will deliver the address of
welcome and Chairman Ross of the gen
eral committee will speak for the Chris
tian Kndeavorers.
General Chaffee Believed.
HAVANA, May 14--Ordcrs relieving
General A- R- Chaffee, General Woods'
Colored Boy Fatally and Two Men
Slightly Injured as a Besult of
a Saloon Altercation.
S^J LAKE. Utah. May 14—Andrew
R. "White, a colored boy. was fatally shot
and two men slightly wounded, as the re
sult of an altercation which took place
to-rJ£ht !n the Link saloon, at the corner
of State and Second South streets.
The saioon has for some time had a no
tice posted that 25 cents would be charged
for all drinks to colored people. To-night
four soldiere of the Ninth Cavalry and
the boy. Andrew R. White, went Into th<?
naloon and called for five beers. After
rfrlnKins they threw down 25 cents and
started out. William Maddick. the bar
tender, followed them and demanded
more pay. lie say« the soldiers were
abusive and b<-ijan firing, inflicting a
ficalp wound, after which he fired several
phots. One shot struck White in the
bowels. Inflicting a mortal wound, and
another shot struck a colored man named
Pearson, who was passing by. White was
formerly a messenger for General
Wheeler In the Philippines.
FORMER MESSENGER OF
GENERAL WHEELER SHOT
Germany are much distressed with the
reply of Emperor Francis Joseph to the
audrtsses of Herr Jaworekl and Herr
Bzwacyf, presidents of the Austrian and
f.ur.garian delegations, respectively^ The
passage In which the Austro-Hungarian
ruler declared a steady entente with Rus
sia on the subject of Oriental questions
necessary, and that In which he referred
to such an entente ae a good complement
to the Austro-Hungarian alliance with
Germany, are especially criticized.
Kmperor William and the German For
eign Office had not expected puch an em
phatic bid for Russian favor so eoon after
the return of Emperor Francis Joseph
from Berlin. Political circles hero say
this must be the consequence of Ger
many's refusal to enter -with Austria
upon binding engagements bearing upon
future Oriental complications, itlj also
asserted that Prince von Hohenlohe. the
Imperial Chancellor, and Count von Bu
low. the Foreign Minister, acting at the
<xp!icit wish of Emperor William, have
l'-ft no doubta in the mind of Count G-olu
chowski the Austro-Hungarian Foreign
Minister, that Germany wishes her hands
froe in the caw of prospective troubles in
Macedonia and elsewhere, partly owins
to 'Germany's friendly entente with Tur-
Kpy.
With Russia.
BERLIN. May H. -Political circles in
Political Circles Hot Satisfied With
tie Declaration of Entente
DISPLEASED WITH ACT OF
EMPEROR FRANCIS JOSEPH
of the Monroe doctrine by Secretary Root,
Senator Lodge and other prominent men
the State Department has taken steps to
obtain data on the subject. The burden
of these speeches has been the startling
Jncrea.s-e of the German colonies in South
*nd Central America, which have been
rtgarded as menacing the Monroe doc
trine. It also has been aseerted that these
Ocrmaa colonists ' umlnisun - thoir home |
customs la Uie new land, deal almost ex
clusively with Germany, use only the
German language, have almost autono
mous governments within the limits of
A mt rican republics and are, In fact, little
Ot-rm:uiyE, wherever located.
The State Department ha* addressed an
Instruction to every Minister and Consul
in South and Central America to inform
the department fully on all points to
•which reference has been made. Of
course, Germany is not referred to by
rrrrae. for *uch a direction might natur
liiiy givf umbrage to the German Govern
ment. The circular applies to colonists of
nil nationalities, though it is, of course,
expected that the Consuls in compiling
ib--:r reports will differentiate the colo
r.isis.
BERLIN. May 14. — The cabled reports
of statements made in the United States
Sf-natf- chamber during the debate on the
ii.i.va! appropriation bill by Senators Hale
an<I Bpooner to the effect that the United
Ftatfs had no expectation of war or other
trouble with Germany have been received
hort with satisfaction. The semi-official
13erlincr Post asserts that these declara
tions prove that fair-minded and calmly
reasoning Americans form the majority
and concludes its article thus: "We hope
in the future that attacks bv certain
American politicians who impute to a
friendly country all sorts of aggrewlv*
ECooaes will be as promptly repudiated."
State Department Seeks to I/earn
What Colonies Are Being Formed
by Germany.
Special D'.ipatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 11.— In view of the
E&sificant references to the enforcement
ROUSED TO ACTION BY
SECRETARY ROOrS WORDS
A Call correspondent called at Miss
MorriU's home this evening to get her
version of the affair. Owing to her pros
trated condition she was unable to see
him. but her brother-in-law. County Audi
tor B. A. Hayden, spoke for her. Mr.
Hayden confirmed Miss Morrell's signed
statement which appeared in an Oakland
paper this afternoon. She had known Mr.
Vroom for the past two years. She first
met him two years ago when both were
engaged for the season with Mine. Mo
jecka. Last season she knew him with
the Vroom-Addison Company, of which
she was a member. Mr. Vroom was kind
and gentlemanly in his bearftig toward
her and naturally a warm friendship
sprang up between them. In consequence
of this friendship Mr. Vroom occasionally
called on Miss Morrell when she was In
San Francisco and on several occasions
he called while the actress' sisters were
visiting her from Bakerslield and Oak
land. These ladies were pleasantly im
pressed with Mr. Vroom and felt grateful
toward him for the kind Interest dis
played by him In behalf of their sister
and he was of much assistance to her
in her stage aspirations. Miss Morrell
knew but little about Mrs. Vroom not
withstanding the fact that she was out
BAKERSFIELD, May 14.— Miss Mor
rell. the pretty little actress. Is
prostrated over the publicity given
her connection with the shooting of
Actor Vroom and her family and
wide circle of friends here are profoundly
shocked at the humiliating role the es
teemed and popular young lady has been
forced to play in the affair. It is not"
strange that they should be when Miss
Morrell's pure and spotless life here,
where she was born and raised, is con
sidered. In fact the whole community
feels outraged at the Incident. Xo young
lady was ever more popular and highly
esteemed in any community than Miss
Morrell. All her relatives are prominent
and influential. All believe the young
lady's story that no Illicit relations what
ever existed between her and Actor
Vroom.
£l*clal Dispatch to Th* Call.
Some of the time one of my sisters was
with me. I was endeavorlnK to secure an
I have known Mr. Vroom for two years, he
havlnr been a member of the Modjeska com
pany at the same time as myself.
I^ast summer I was a member of the Vroom-
Addlson Company, traveling with him and his
wife through California.
Durlnc the past two months I boarded In
San Francisco at 927 Geary street.
with the lady for a season. She learned
In the beginning that Mrs. Vroom pos
sessed a disagreeable disposition and
hence shunned her. Miss Morrell disliked
to speak about Mrs. Vroom. She does not
want any controversy with her.
The first thing Miss Morrell knew of the
presence of Mrs. Vroom the morning of
the memorable meeting was when the en
raged woman broke into her room on
Geary street while she was yet in bed.
Mrs. Vroom leaped upon her like a tigress
and seized her by the throat and accused
her of illicit relations with her husband.
Mrs. Vroom also flourished a pistol and
a written document purporting to embody
Miss Morrell's confession of her relations
with Vroom. The young lady was natu
rally thrown Into great fear when com
manded to sign the document at the point
of a pistol in the hand of the frantic
woman. She signed the paper as she
thought to save her life, knowing that not
a line of it was true.
Bernard Jackson, who resides here ana
who also traveled with the Vroom-Addi
pon Company last year, speaks in the
highest terms of Miss Morrell. He pro
nounces her one of the purest women on
the stage. He does not have a good word
for Mrs. Vroom. He says she Is insanely
jealous and was the cause of many a
"scene" that the public never gazed on
during the season. He describes . her as
a tempestuous fuss maker, who fre
quently made matters warm for Vroom.
He speaks well of Vroom.
Shortly after Mrs. Vroom visited Miss
Morrell's room the young lady went to
her sister's in Oakland and from there
came to her home In Bakersfleld. Owing
to her great modesty she never said any
thing about the matter till the papers got
hold of it, and in consequence of thp
ridiculous misstaternents which appeared
in some of the papers her people thought
best to give out the young lady'a state
ment. Otherwise she preferred to avoid
any further publicity.
The following statement has been Issued
by Miss Morrell:
The Charge of Assault to Murder
Against Her Will Probably
Be Dismissed.
Grace Addlson Vroom, the ietress. who
fired two shots at her husband, Frederick
Vroom, the actor, last Tuesday In hla of
fice at 10 Annie street because of his in
lldellty, was punctually on time in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday morning. She
entered the courtroom leaning on the arm
of Detective Dillon. When her case,
charging her with assault to murder, was
called she tried to shield her face from
the gaze of the spectators in court, and
listened calmly to the Judge as he in
structed her as to her rights. She was
not represented by counsel, but the Judge
continued the case till to-morrow, when it
will likely be dismissed, as Vroom is in
Seattle and will not be here to prosecute
Before entering the courtroom she deliv
ered to Detective Dillon the revolver with
which she fired the shots. It was a cheap
32-caliber weapon, hammerless and small
and so difficult to operate that she could
hardly pull the trigger. She is still suf
fering from nervousness Rnd seems to
care little what becomes of her.
engagement with one of the Btook companies.
Mr. Vroom called upon me and save me
his advice and assistance.
He rnet my sisters and brother-in-law and
enjoyed their respect and esteem.
I had not seon Mrs. Vroom until she came to
my room one morning, and utterly to my sur
prise, commenced to abuse and choke me.
She had a pistol and threatened to kill me.
With the pistol at my head and under threat
to kill me she compelled me to Btgn two or
three papers, the import of which was vile
and not justified by any relations existing be
tween Mr. Vroom and myself.
After her attack I left my room and went to
my sister's in Oakland, and later came to
Hakersfleld.
All the reports In San Francisco pasers are
based upon Mrs. Vroom' s statements.
In so far as they state that Mr. Vroom
and mvself were more than friends they are
utterly false.
I believe that Mm. Vroom is insane.
I can offer no other explanation of her ac
tions.
?
MRS. GRACE A. VROOM
APPEARS IN COURT
PRINCIPALS IN THE THEATRICAL SHOOTING SCANDAL.
Asserts Her In
nocence of the
C h arge s o f
Misconduct.
A bill was passed to authorize the Se
rieca Telephone Company to operate lines
in the Indian Territory.
At 5:0S p. m. the House adjourned.
VASHIXGTOX, May It— The House to
day passed the general deficiency appro
priation bill, and the military academy
t.il, the last of . the supply bills, •will
follow It to-morrow. The deficiency bill
carried J3,£3?,CC1 and was passed substan
tially without amendment. The general
debate was devoted practically to political
teller, the feature being a severe arraign
ment of the administration by De Armond
of Missouri.
Little of the general debate was perti
nent to the bill. Bropius of Pennsylvania
made a statement of the progressive op
eration of the financial law, supplement
ary of a statement made by him a few
tiu'ys ago. It showed that the total amount
oi bones refunded to May 10 was $2GS,44l,
ftJQ, a little over 20 per cent of the bonds
having beon presented by other than na
tionaJ banks. The national bank circula
tion Fince the passage of the financial bill
he- said had increased $36,152.OS1.
Corliss of Michigan read a letter from
a native Porto Rican indorsing the action
of Congress in passing the Porto Rican
tariff law.
Green of Pennsylvania urged higher tax
ation of olt-omargrarine.
De Armond of Missouri ridiculed the let
ter read by Corliss. He described the ec
stacy with which the native population
must have received the views that they
¦were to be governed by "carpet-baggers,"
•who. he said, "would take everything
portable and null down everything they
could not carry away." It would be the
ead and fhameful etory of carpet bagism
in the South again.
De Armond charged the administration
•with cowardice for allowing no official
utterance in sympathy to go out to the
Boera struppling in South Africa to re
peat the splendid story <jf the American
revolution. He concluded by charging
that there was either a secret under
standing with Great Britain or an Ameri
can administration, truckling: to wealth
and power, tool overlooked and forgotten
the rights of humanity.
Underwood of Alabama offered on
amendment to allow all the employes^T
the House one month's extra pay. To it
Cannon raided a point of order which was
sustained by the chair and then by the
House on appeal. Practically without
amendment ihe bill was passed.
Charges That "Cowardice" or "Secret
Alliance" Prevents Expression
of Sympathy With the
Boers.
Says Porto Rico Is Being
Governed by "Carpet
Baggers."
DE ARMOND
CRITICIZES THE
ADMINISTRATION
Pretty Actress
Tells of Her
Conneetio n
With Vroom.
MISS MORRELL SIGNED PAPERS
AT THE POINT OF A PISTOL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.
ranch. Sheriff Warfield was notified by
telephone and he immediately started in
search of the fugitive, capturing him this
morning at a neighboring ranch, where
he was applying for food. He was
brought to this city to-day and lodged
In jail. Bailey, who Is an elderly man.
Is wanted by the Santa Clara County offi
cers for horse-stealing.
3
|p^5 ISSUED BY AUTHORITY OF §^§1
ill > W^o " |1|
i lInion = Msd^ i
IllpS' HE best labor in the world is union labor; there ||
•Hi^jR is no denying this. The best clothing in the tjfl
H iiiuioiiiiiiii. world is made by union men; this, too, is a 11
III self-evident fact. Union labor is very essential in the li
H manufacture of clothing. It is a guarantee of good jp
|j| workmanship and absolute cleanliness. l||
mm Our ready-made clothing is all made by union men; trained, skilled, ||jj
Pll intelligent help. From the first snip of the shears to the last stitch J||l
§11 of silk the work is done in a thorough, careful manner. Our ready-made ||8
HI! clothing can bear the union label. Don't you want this kind of clothing ? gga
|H We are selling union-made p|I
El n * * • j e
H Our assortment constitutes over $o very desirable patterns, in fancy |||
H and mixed Cheviots, in heavy and summer weights; also black and blue v ||f
MB Cheviots and clays, either in single or double breasted sacks. Some are pi
JU fashionable checks, some neat stripes, others are mixed and some come in j
Bj solid colors. They are all wool, fast colored and guaranteed. Money re- ||l
III turned in every instance where we are at fault ||j
BS 'iilllliiii ERE /is an opportunity to buy the boy a new suit to wear when he Eg
III ni^firi wants to dress up. Sailor suits with knee pants; all-wool gray kJ§
HI I rtjrtl mixtures, in tweeds and cheviots; there are also, some blue serges E|
||i li U among them; they comprise a very large assortment of desirable H
|H ~1 Illl iii patterns and trimmings, so you are quite sure of finding just whati|§
Hi you want. Ases three to ten years; price / '' Wl
Wm Out-of-town orders filled — Write for illustrated catalogue. |f||
K.fc&i» f M tBA** VBi Kn MP vfl mm M^L wU m wBM HB Bv tffispn|
s£S^^^^^mmmmmmmmmm^m^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ m^^^^^ r:^^^ t^^^^^^^ m^^ t^^^^^^^^^^^^^mmmm^mm^mmm^mmm^mmW^mm^mm^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^f^^^^^^Edith Burke, a woman 27 years of ape.
who gives her occupation as a nurse, was
arrested at the Branch County Jail yes
terday by Guard Sartorlous and taken to
the City Prison, where she was booked
on the charge of taking opium into the
Jail.' She had a paper bag which she said
contained walnuts, but on examining the
walnuts it was found that the kernels had
been taken out and morphine substituted.
Took Morphine Into Jail.
In order to give all the children a chance
to see the sames the Board of Education
has consented to close the schools next
Tuesday at 12:30 p. m., and the sport will
commence half an hour later.
The high schools are interested only in
the tug-of-war contests, which will take
place next Tuesday afternoon. The teams
entered are from the Lowell High, James
Lick School of Mechanical Arts. Mission
Hieh and Polytechnic high schools.
Finally,. it may be said that the proceeds
of the tournament, which Vlll exceed $1000.
will be given to the retirement fund of
tht? Teachers' Annuity Society, to which
the proceed - of the Maytlav celebration
were devoted. Over 15.000 tickets have, al
ready been distributed among the various
schools* and the children have taken hold
of their distribution with a will.
The following games are scheduled for
to-day: James Lick vs. Horace Mann, 10
a. m.. Sixteenth-street grounds; Franklin
vs. Hearst, 11 a. m.; same grounds; Frank
lin vs. Horace Mann, 2 p. m., same;
Hamilton vs. James Lick, 3 p. m., same;
Hearst vs. James Lick, 4 p. m.. same;
John Swett vs. Lincoln, 2 p. m., Eiehth
street grounds; Crocker vs. Mission, 3
p. m. ; same.
The football tournament Is all over ex
cept for the finals, which will be con
tested by the Clement Grammar School,
Captain Mlddleton, and the Hancock
Grammar School. Captain Klddernaan.
There will be a preliminary next Tuesday
afternoon for a special trophy offered by
Principal Bush of the Polytechnic High
School, which will be contested by the
Adams Cosmopolitan and the Grant
schools.
Will Prepare New Charter.
Special ' Dispatch to~ The' Call.
LOS x ANGELES. ' May 14.— The City
Council this afternoon : instructed . the City.
Attorney | to prepare : an ordinance : of i In
tention to call an election for a Board of
Freeholders to draft a new charter, v -'
JACKSONVILLE. Fla_. May 14.— Billy
Taylor, .; at -one ..time; the most famous
pitcher in baseball circles in this country
died i here this morning of ; a complication
of ; diseases.? At one time he pitched for
the famous Athletics and also for the
Philadelphlar Athletics 'and ¦ other ¦ leading
clubs/. He wan coach for the -first ¦Amert
can team that visited Europe and Cuba.
Famous Ex-Pitcher Dies.
The twelve bicyclists* arrested Sunday
afternoon on Market street for fast riding
and not having bells on their wheels were
distributed -among ;the police courts- yes
terday. , They were all dismissed with a
reprimand except Philip' Schneider, a
messenger boy. -Judge,. Cabaniss in dis
missing him said he ought ! tCbe encour
aged, as It was something unusual to hear
of . a messenger, boy being k in - a hurry.
Bicyclists Discharged.
Phil "Wand, the well-known referee,
appeared; yesterday In Judge Cabanisa'
court on a charge of violating order 1599
of the Board of Supervisors. The arrest
was made by- Special' Officer Mahoney,
head gardener at the City Hall. Wand
was at the hall Saturday and his dog ran
over- one j, of the grass plats. ¦ Mahoney
threw a nozzle at the dog twice, hitting
it: each time.; Wand heard the dog yelp
with pain -and. saw Majioney throw the
nozzle the second time. Wand called' him
a brute and. was. promptly, arrested. The
Judge agreed with Wand and dismissed
the v case. '" ~ ¦• r";V*\
Hit the Dog With a Nozzle.
SIXTY DOGS WILL RACE
FOR THE MIDWEEK STAKE
Fast Hounds and Big . Entries for
Union Park— Well Known
Coursing Men Arrive.
There will be a sixty-dog stake at Union
Park on "Wednesday for regular midweek
prizes. The draw is:
J. Anthony's Patriot, vs. .T. Henry's Menlo
Maid; N. P. \Vhlting'« Ward'Ena vs F. Her
rtn'n Bt. Elmore; D. Shannon's Safeguard vs.
J. Keenan 1 » Mira Monte; It. E. de B. Lopez &
Son's Sara vs. J. Hurley's O K Capitol; T. J.
Cronln's Maid of Pail vs. J. Keenan's Royal
Oak; George Lahusen's Firefly vs. A.' L". Aus
tin's Lob Angeles; T. McCabe's Bony Boy vs.
B. Sllva's Keannex; Jeff Martinett's Slim vs.
J. n. Smith's Jennie Wilson; Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hare vs. Captain Kane's Master Davenport;
R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's Mlnnewawa vs. Jeff
Martinett's Sally Brass; C. O. Petereen's Sllvei
Cloud vs. Irwln & Lyon's Silver LD>n; Gus Ab
crcromble's Rock Island Boy vs. ,P. J. Riley's
PlouKhboy; Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead
vs. T. Losran's (names) Leah; • Condrey &
UoUKht's Flying Crest vs. P. J. Riley's Moon
bright; A. 'Massey's Hadlwist vs. Pasha Ken
nels' ,' Roundabout; -II. B. Kavanagh's Hard
Lines vs. R. L. Taylor's (names) 'Winning Las
sie; Curtis &-. Son's Cash vs Aeneid Kennels'
Maid of Erin; Sterl & Knowles' Frosty Morn
vs. Sullivan &,Traynor's Castle Island Boy; J.
Dean's Brllliantine vs.* Connell Bros.' Dun
more; Condrey & nought's Nellie R vs. T; J.
Cronln's Rose of Tralee; J.' Carroll's Blueetone
vb. Aeneid Kennels' Athena; T. J.- Crontn'e
Thornhlirvs. Condrey & Rought's ' Tea Shine;
J. Hurley's -Hurricane vs. J. . Hurley's (names)
Shylock • Boy; . J. Rownlng's ' (names) Dempsey
Lass vs.'-Gus -Absrcromble's Miss Richmond;
A.' Johnson's Mountain i Beauty vs. A. . L. Aus
tin's Thorndune; J. Carroll's Red Hind vs. C.
Wieley's Alameda Lad; -A. Johnson's Bald
Eagle vs. P. Rellly's Beauty Rose; D. -Winder?*
(names) - Random Aim vs. . Sterl & Knowles'
Oleda: J. R.". Smith's Petronlus vb.' Coniirey &
Rought's • Royal Lady; * Aeneid - Kennels' Aga
memnon vs. J. Dean's Bell of Anderson.
: . Russell, Allen and Wilson, the well
known coursing men, arrived in this city
last night • from • the East. They brought
a string of sixteen dogs with them, m
Both the Columbia and the National
Athletic clubs lay claim to the fight, but
now circumstances point with certainty to
the latter club. "Billy" Kennedy, the
manager of Al Xeill; Sam Pooler, Moffltt's
manager, Gibbs and Groom of the Na
tional Club, have reached the agreement
that if a $1000 deposit is placed in the
hands of a stakeholder as an assurance
from the club' that it will pull off trie fight
on June 1, the Gibbs and Groom combina
tion will get the light. Charles Newman
has guaranteed the necessary sum, so the
fight la practically, settled, as the Nation
al • Club declares positively that it will
have a license for that date.
There will be a meeting 1 to-day, when
all matters will be finally, settled. If the
$1000 be not forthcoming, Kennedy and
Pooler will sign with the Columbia Clu}>.
©-?—'•*-* i ?- <*> -+-¦*. _#—<;. _?_..«> _»_,Jy_^ .
ffACK MOFFITT, who has been
U matched to fight Al Nelll, arrived in
this city last night and was im- 1
mediately the center of a* group of
warring fight promoters, each anxious to
assert the right to the control of Moffltt's*
pugilistic performances before the public'
JACK MOFFIT OF CHICAGO.
Officials Are Appointed, and the Order
of Events Is Settled for
• Olympic Day.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
of the Pacific Association held .' at the
Olympic Club last night the following of
ficials were appointed for the aquatic car
nival to be held at Belvedere on Sunday,
May 20: Referee. John Elliott; starter, P.
J. Enright; timers — John Cunningham. J.
B. Keenan. John Peat, Judge A. J. Fritz.
Rdward Lynch and Theodore Elsfcldt:
Judges-W. T. Howe A. Taylor, J. Lalb
Jr.. J. J. Cronln, W. Thomas, J. P. Bopan,
Leo Pockwitz and N. Paddock; marshal
of the course. H. A. Pless; assistant mar
shal, T. Meherin.
The order of events will be as follows:
Consolation barge race between two Junior
Olympic crews; match race in outrigger
skiffs between George Baker and Stanley
Adderley; junior barge race; junior out
rigged skin* race. There will also be fifty
and one hundred yard swimming -races,
for which entries should be sent to E.
Connelley at the Olympic Club before Fri
day evening. In the Junior barge race
there are nvc crews entered, and the
choice of positions will be as follows!
First. South End Rowing Club; second.
Dolphin Boating Club: third, Alameda
Boating Club; fourth. Olympic Boat Club;
fifth. Ariel Rowing Club.
The following entries were made for the
junior outrigger skiff race: J. C. Siamer
and H. C. Guild of the Alameda Boating
Club, Charles Wilson of the Ariel Rowing
Club, Victor Cagllerl of the Olympic Boat
Club and M. J. Breen of the South End
Rowing Club.
The boats will be taken over to Tiburon
by the ferry steamer leaving the citv at
9:30 a. m. The regatta will commence on
the arrival of the 1:30 p. m. boat from San
Francisco. \.\~~
PREPARING FOR REGATTA
AT BEAUTIFUL BELVEDERE
A Btar witness and a star document in
favor of the proponents in the Cravtfn-
Falr litigation gave the case a new im
petus yesterday. For a ,week the case
dragged slowly along that handwriting
experts might impress their theories on
the mind of the court. N.ow they have
done, or almost so, and the future pro
ceedings of this Important case now
threaten to" partake of the mildly sensa
tional.
If. N. Bryant's statement that he bor
rowed $50 from James G. Fair In June,
1S92, that Miss June Payne might enjoy
a contemplated trip to Salt Lake City,
was flatly denied from the witness stand
by the lady In question In Judge Troutfs'
court yesterday.
In answer to the question of the clerk
when she was sworn she said her name
was Mrs. N. J. Horton. She said that
after leaving this city she married the
man whose name she now bears, but, not
withstanding this fact, she was none other
than the June Payne referred to by Mr.
Bryant and had come to the city for the
sole purpose of contradicting bis state
ment.
Mrs. Horton testified that she came to
San Francisco in 1892 in response to a let
ter from H. N. Bryant, who informed her
that she could secure employment here *s
a typewriter. On arriving in this city she
took apartments at the Golden West
Hotel, where she remained for a week.
After leaving the hotel she went to Oak
land for a six weeks' stay. As affairs did
not prosper she decided to return to Salt
Lake, which she did in April, two days
after the earthquake which occurred In
that month. ....
Mrs. Horton's testimony Is considered
very important, as it directly impeaches
Bryant, • who was one of -Mrs. Craven's
Btar witnesses. Bryant testified that he
met Mrs. Craven In Senator Fair's office
In either May. or June, 1892, at which time
Fair introduced the school teacher as his
wife. ... - ¦ i
"I went <to Senator Fair's : Bry
ant testified, "to borrow $50 with which
to pay *he railroad- fare of.. Miss June
Payne from this city to Salt Lake. Fair
handed me the money, and as I was leav
ing Mrs. Craven Came in. 'This is my
wife,' said Senator Fair. 'She has come
to my office to see me at work.' "
On cross-examination Bryant would not
swerve from his statement that the meet
ing occurred in June and yesterday Mr3.
Horton was called to. disprove his asser
tion. She testified that she left this city,
on April 22, 1892. She went ' to Salt Lake
Cityand resided there several years. She
finally married W. J. Horton and now
lives with him In Los Angeles, where he
conducts a livery stable. She was posi
tive she left San Francisco on April 22.'
"Did Bryant, provide- you with transpor
tation?" was asked.
VHe did not. He never gave me any
money except that. which was due me for
my services as stenographer," answered
the witness. • ¦ : .
"To your knowledge, did he borrow $50
from Senator Fair?"
"He had no authorization from me to do
so, and If he did he told me nothing about
it.". . .•- • ¦.:• .... • : ¦
"Did he ever mention to you anything
about his having been, introduced to^Mrs:
Craven by Senator Fair. and did he men
tion anything about the Senator having
referred to Mrs. Craven as his wife?" ,
"He did not," was the final' answer of
the witness on direct examination. ' ..
On cross-examination Mrs. Horton said
she came to this city to testify in the case
at the request of the executors of the Fair
will,, who located her a week ago.: Not
withstanding-the. attempt. of Lafe Pence
to break her down, she did not ; waver
but adhered to her story and the. dates
given throughout. . , ": ¦ ¦* .%•
Charle»*S. Neal, manager for the Fair
estate, was the next witness.. • Neal; came
to give his. opinion of 'the various 'docu
ments Introduced by , Mrs. Craven, not
from the view of . a handwriting* expert,
but from his own knowledge and famil
iarity-with the dead millionaire's style of
penmanship. . . - ; ..
• -."I branded the pencil will* a forgery, the
first, time I saw it,'-' 1 said the witness. VI
told ; the attorneys : tor i the ; executors that
Oue of Mrs. Craven's Star Witnesses
Is Flatly Contradicted — Mrs.Hor
ton Punctures Bryant's State
ments Regarding Her;
In a Note His Penchant for
Making Testaments Is
Dubbed Habit..
FAIR INDULGED
IN PASTIME OF
WRITING WILLS
The book Js filled with memoranda of
similar nature and prove, as the attor
neys contend, that Mrs. Craven-Fair and
also her daughter were aware of the ne
cessity of complete notes on passing
events. One of the most startling notes;
which has heretofore been kept out of the
case, purports to be a copy of one writ
ten by Senator Fair. It reads:
"I wish Nettle It. Craven burled in my
vault. James G. ¦ Fair." .Following this
note Is a comment, evidently made by
Mrs. Koehler. "Used to call on mother
quite often," the note reads, "but I do not
remember the dates. It was a habit of
his to make wills at our house and to con
sult with mother on Investments or busi
ness changes." Another .note, evidently
made by Mrs. Craven, reads: "Last will
made September U, 1S94. Wrote Birdie
soon after that he had made another will
and that I was provided for outside of the
will." -.- V ¦ ::¦
After. the memorandum book was duly
Introduced In John J. Fleming
certified to the correctness of a diagram
of the Lick House by which the defense
will-attempt to prove that '¦ Senator Fair
could not have visited Mrs. Craven- Fair
at the hotel wlttiout being seen and caus
ing comment.
Mrs. Craven-Fair was recalled to answer
a question of minor Importance, as were
Estelle .Houghton, Robert A. Coulter and
Charlotte Clarke. An adjournment was
then taken until this morning. " ':
Attorney Garret \V. McEnerney, <jn be
half of the proponents, next offered in
evidence one -jf Mrs. Craven-Fair's mem
orandum book«, "Just," he said, "to prove
that some people must be either gifted
with long memories or take copious
notes." In this book appears the hand
writing of both Mrs. Craven-Fair and her
daughter, Mrs. Margaret Koehler.
Some of the most InterostliiK notations
read: 'Will made September 24, 1S94.
Mother never told me time as to hers.".
"March .5. night of -party at. 2002 Pine
street— 1S91." "March 2. .1891. he wrote let
ter to mamma." "March lt5,lS91. made will
at 2002 Pine— evening— I Rive to my chil
dren all of which I die possessed." "Date
of contract of ma— May 23. 1S92. Was living
nt B23 Sutter street." "S. F. was at Grand
Opera-house tColumbus) May 24, 1S92."
"May 21, 1S92, made will which was stolen
from Cal Hotel."
'Is It not a fact," said Pence, "that at
that .time Senator -Fair charged you with
having conspired - with . Mr. Palmer, the
m .?t1- ae £r. '.' f nls ranch - to defraud him?"
He did, answered thu witness. "There
.was -'ah' article published and I went »o
Senator Fair and demanded a retraction.
He refused to make one and I resigned
forthwith."
"Did you not blame Mrs. Craven for
your trouble at "that time?"
"I never thought of such a thing."
"You knew that Senator Fair and Mrs.
Craven were intimate, did you not?"
"I can't say that I did; in fact I did not
know the nature of their relationship."
Theodore Kytka was next called and
identified negatives of the notarial attes
tations appended to the pencil deeds. By
means of these negatives, backed up by
the opinion of various witnesses, the at
torneys for the heirs and executors seek
to establish their contention that the
forms Notary Cooney says he used when
the deeds in question were acknowledged
before him were not printed until long,
after Senator Fair's death.
"When handed over for cross-examina
tion the witness was called upon by Lafe
Pence to assist In locating the much
coveted diary kept by Senator Fair in
18&2. Neal said that he knew nothing of
the existence of such a diary, but he
knew that "Pair was a great hand at
taking notes." Further questioning only
served to xk>velop his opinion. He said
that he believed the pencil will to be the
handiwork of Mrs. Craven.
Wltnesp said that he had no grievance
against Mrs. Craven, but admitted that he
nad some trouble with Senator Fair in
X059.
Senator Fair never wrote the document,
but. at that time they held a different
opinion, j I also believe the opera-house
note and the marriage contract to be for
geries."
FOR the fourth consecutive year San
ta Clara Colleg-o has won the inter
collegiate baseball championship,
defeating Stanford and Berkeley.
This year's team, while, not as strong as
those of former years, is entitled to cred
it, as there was never a season begun un
der less auspicious circumstances. So
many of the old pluyers had left college
that it was considered doubtful If a good
team could be put In the field in such
short time. This difficult task was en
trusted to "Billy" Hulen of National
League fame. Mr. Hulen set to work with
a will, but at the end of two weeks had
to sever his connection with the team as
coach. The rest of the season was played
with- no coach :to direct affairs, ¦ which
makes the work of the team all the' more
creditable.
The season of 1900 was a very short one.
Only twelve games were played— seven
with the big universities. Stanford and
Berkeley, and live with crack amateur
teams of the State, such as the Koenigs,
Altog and" San Jose teams.
Of the seven played with Stanford and
Berkeley four were victories and three
defeats, while of the other games played
all were victories, making for the season
of 1900 a record of nine victories and
three defeats. Summing up the record of
the Santa Clara College team for. the last
three years It Is founn to be a wonderful
one. In 1808 the greatest team that ever
sported the red and white colors of Santa
Clara played twenty games without a sin
gle defeat. In 1899 the record was sixteen
victories and three defeats, and in 1900
nine victories and three defeats, making
a total of forty-five victories and six de
.L s 'r, Tne record for the games played
with Stanford and Berkeley during the
same time has. been: Victories over Stan
ford 9. defeats 3; victories over Berke
ley 8. defeats 1; making a total of 17 vic
tories and 4 defeats. Much of the success
or the team of 1900 was due to the cap
taincy of Charles Graham and the effi
cient management of Thomas J. Nihill.
ED I. LEAKE. j # j RYAN. - GUY XV m^-KTm
E. P. PINIGAN. C. H. GRAHAM. Captain. T. J. NIHILL. Manager. T. E. KELLY TC TURNER
FELIX J. GALTES. F. J. FARRY. R. F. KEEFe!
Defeat Stanford and University of California and Other Amateur Teams.
When the news of the recent British vic
tories reached the' coast Cape Town .and
Durban were a mass of stars and stripes.
These flags were displayed by English
men, not Americans. Lady Randolph
Churchill waved, according 10 the Natal
newspapers, from the hotel balcony a
union jack in one hand and Old Glory in
the other.
'1 he engine which pulled Cronje'6 cap
tured troops packed standing in open
cattle cars, through the suburbs of Cape
Town, was decorated with American and
British flags. Nearly every train which
hauls troops or supplies to the front has
one or more Stars and Stripes displayed.
Secretary of State Reitz, who is rapidly
breaking down under the strain he is un
dergoing, voiced this general hope in
these words: "We will maintain our in
dependence if we can. If we cannot we
will appeal to 'the American people to
lake us under their wing. Surely the
Declaration of Independence is broad
enough to span the ocean. Our last hope
is that, having again and again carried
our burden of persecution, into the wilder
ness to escape from England, we may ba
permitted to deposit it at the foot of the
statue of Liberty, to find peace and pro
tection under the Stars and Stripes.
NEW YORK. May 14.— The H»rald'a
staff correspondent sends the following:
PRETORIA. March 25.— A commission
composed of Messrs. Fischer. Wessels and
Wolmarans and- representing the republics
of the Transvaal and Orange Free State
sailed for Europe some ten days ago. I
have the highest authority for making the
statement that rather than see their coun
try' conquered by England the Commis
sioners are empowered to ask the United
States to assume a protectorate over the
republics, this protectorate to tend, if de
sired, toward eventual annexation as Ter
ritories or States. In their growing desire
cf getting justice, and seeing no prospect
of getting it at England's hands,- the
Boers turn their eyes toward America.
They do this notwithstanding the use to
which the English in Natal and Cape Col
ony in their faith In America's friendship
are putting "Old Glory."
TRANSVAAL REPUBLICS
•WANT OUR PROTECTION
Will Be Allowed Six Representatives
Each to the l>emocratic Con
vention.
CHICAGO, May 14.— According to Infor
mation recelvc-d from the Democratic Na
tional Committee here to-day Hawaii and
Porto Rico will send delegates to the Oem
ocratic National Convention. Each island
will be accorded six delegates if the
wishes of the leaders of the Democratic
party are carried out.
It is the intention to place Hawaii and
Porto Rico In the class with the District
of Columbia. Alaska and Indian Terri
tory. The Democrats will take the posi
tion that Hawaii and Porto Rico are Ter
ritori*-». neither colonies nor provinces.
Senator J. K. Jones, chairman of the
national committee, recently received a
letter from some Sandwich Islanders who
said they wore Democrats, asking him if
the convent: an wouid seat the Hawaiian
dY-Iesation si Id cne appear In Kansas
City on July 4. Sen tor Jones replied that
the convention Itself would have to pass
upon that question, but. It is said, he
advised the Hawaiians to Fend their dele
gation, which might be seated.
. The Democratic managers say there is
pood politics in the idea of giving promi
nent seats in the convention to the Porto
Rican delegation. The Democrats belle\*e
it will he a good plan,. in view of the fact
that the Democratic platform will con-
HAWAII AND PORTO RICO
WILL SEND DELEGATES
tti bupj'ort of ti»c inercnams. Xoe Jfcilec
tric improvement company, of whicn h«.
»s rr.ai.agt-r, rescued the business men
iroin iiiv mercy of the Light and Power
Company taid cut the prices or gas aiM
e.ectric:ty in two.
Tae factors' L'nicn has indorsed Ed
wards and the citizens' ticket, 'lms win
bni.g a big vote to him. The heavy sup
port ol" tne campaign is to be received
irom the Cfood Oowrnment League and
tbe rexorin .Democrats. No reform ticket
«-ver had sucn united support, and it is noi
believed the ltea an*i Mackenzie forces
tan make any showing against it.
The citizens' ticktt is composed of the
beet men of the city and is as follows:
Mayor. H. J. Edwards; Clerk, W. J.
i-»oiigherty; Treasurer. William Fischer;
Councilman Second Ward. Byron Millard;
Councilman Third Ward, lobe Lord.
Tr.eir platform promises a business ad
ministration.
'i be gang has organized under the name
of the People's Canipaign Committee to
attract the unwary citizen and appointed
the following sub-committees:
First Ward— F. C. Jacobs, chairman.
and A. G. Uennett. secretary.
Second Ward — J. \V. Maxiauley. chair
man, and C. II. Shunia.te. secretary.
Third Ward— C. A. liarker, chairman,
and W. F. James, secretary.
Fourth Ward— Adolph Greeninger, chair
man; Al Col. vice chairman, and Morris
CJraham. secretary.
Kea and Mackenzie manipulate these
committees, and they have given their
henchmen orders to begin hustling. A
strong effort is to be made to elect Mar
tin, and citizens are being asked to vote
for Martin even if they rel'uFt- the rest of
the ticket. With Martin re-elected the
pang will have control of the city affairs
for a year at least, as they now have the
Council and all the commissions and
boards. The rest of the ticket is: Clerk.
J. W. Cook; Treasurer. J. T. McGeoghe
gan; Lou:ici!man. Second Ward. J. J.
Cherrle; Councilman. Third Ward, D. A.
Porter.
The Union Savings Bank failure prom
ises to cut a big figure in the election.
Ex-B(*> Rea's administration a« presi
dent of the bank has been to the injury
of some 1600 depositors. These people are
openly declaring they will have nothing
to do with any political ticket that Rea
indornes.
Organized la.bor is also on Edwards'
side. He has been a large employer, and'
the unions have practically all indorsed
him. Furthermore, the Martin adminis
tration this morning refused to pass a
re-solution presented by San Jose Typo
graphical I. nion by whjeh it was asked to
Fee that the union label is on all city
work. The Supervisors last week ordered
the union label on all county work. This
same matter came up before the Coun
cil to-day.
The city official paper, the Evening
Herald, is a non-union office, and the
Council sent the resolution into the Ordi
nance Committee. Here the matter will
rest until after election. The city print
ing contract expires this month, and the
printers regard this action of the Coun
cil as opposing them, and it will probably
drive votes from Martin.
SAN JOSE, May 14.— One week from to
day the city ejection will be held, and
from this time on active work will be
done by both sides. The gang has begun
to lire up its forces and has selected Its
ijrecjnct workers. The citizens' committee
Cf one hundred is quietly working for the
hidwards ticket and meeting with greater
encouragement than any reform move
ment ever received In this city.
At this time H. J. Edwards appears a
wiener for the Mayoralty. His popularity
&nd aggressiveness have attractea a big
Ju.jow.jig from the ranks of Mayor Mar-
Lin. A? Park Commissioner he did much
to make a summer resort of Alum Rock
Purk a.iid his ax:xuixustraUun of its aftairb
¦v\iij« the best the people Have it-ceived.
Jls a. business man he luxa <uinost the umt-
Special DUpatcb to The Call.
Gang "Willing to Sacrifice the Bal
ance of the Ticket for the
Re-election of Martin
for Mayor.
Edwards Apparently, Leads
in the Mayoralty
Race.
CAMPAIGN AT
SAN JOSE IN
FULL SWING
SPOKANE, Wart., May 14.— The Demo
crats of Washington will assemble In
State convention here on Saturday, May
19, to elect eight delegates and eight al
ternates to the National convention-, to
be held at Kansas City on July. 4.. It will
be one of the largest conventions in the
history of the State, the call providing
for 464 delegates. King County, which is
entitled to the greatest number of dele
gates—53—will be here with contesting
delegates, and the settlement of which
will be seated promises to be the event of
the gathering. Among the delegates-elect
are many formerly known as Populists
and Silver Republicans, as the convention
call invited all who will vote for Bryan
to take part.
Democratic Convention.
Had this sentiment prevailed it would
have meant that Jonn L. Bittinger, Con
sul General to Montreal, and Major "Wil
i.am Warner of Kansas City, prominent
candidates for delegates at large to Phil
adelphia, would have been compelled to
drop out of the race.
The convention will nominate a full
State ticket and select four delegates at
large. There Is practically no contest
over the State offices, with Joseph Flory
oi St. Louis. Railroad and Warehouse
Commissioner, the only candidate for
Governor.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. May 14.— Edward
A. Rozler of St. Louis, United States Dis
trict Attorney, was to-night selected to
preside over the Republican State Con
vention to-morrow as temporary chair
man. Mr. Rozier's selection was unani
mous and it disposed of the first show of
discord incident to the convention. Dur
ing the afternoon the State Central Com
mittee had met to name the temporary
ofheers and Rosier was about to be nomi
nated when a strong element against giv
ing any office to a Federal officeholder
developed. To avoid a row a recess was
taken. - -
MISSOURI REPUBLICANS
ENTIRELY IN ACCORD
tain a strong anti-lxnperlallBtic plank.- By
Beating the delegation from Porto Rico
and giving it six votes the Democratic
managers say they would demonstrate in
a practical way their contention that the
Island Is a part of United States territory,
coequal in all. things political with Indian
Territory, Alaska or the District of Co
lumbia.
SANTA CLARA NINE ARE
THE BASEBALL CHAMPIONS
GREAT INTEREST
IN THE GRAMMAR
GRADE CONTESTS
Baseball, Football and Tug
of-War Tournament
Soon to- End. *
How the Teams Stand Now — May
Lead to the Formation of Ath
' le tic Clubs in the Vari
ous Schools.
The boys of eleven grammar and four
high schools are absorbed Just now in the
baseball, football and tug-of-war tourna
ment , that was inaugurated a fortnight
ago by Principal Bush of tha Polytechnic
High School for their amusement and in
struction and which will be brought to a
close next Tuesday afternoon. Four beau
tiful trophies are being competed for and
the enthusiasm with which the boys have
entered the contest has been a revelation
to teachers and parents alike.
Principal Bush believes in athletics in
the grammar schools. While the present
tournament was only a chance affair— a
sort of ¦overflow from .the Mayday festi
vities — now that It is fairly under way Mr.
Bush thinks' he can easily demonstrate
that it is an excellent thing for growing
boys. The defeats of the University of
California athletes in the East during the
past few weeks have been ascribed by com
petent critles to the fact that the Eastern
college athletes are men who commenced
their athletic training under competent
teachers while they were boys in grammar
schools, whereas the California boys had
only taken up the work after they en
tered college. It Is the desire of Mr. Bu3h
that out of this will grow up a system of
athletic clubs in the grammar schools, un
der proper instructors— that. -will be very
beneficial to the boys. This tournament
has also demonstrated the necessity of
proper playgrounds in connection with the
schools. For their game the boys have
been compelled heretofore to go to places
outside of town or to private parks.
Ten baseball teams have taken part in
the tournament 'and seven games a. day
have been played on the average. The
standing of the clubs at the present time
is as follows:
WENONAH STAKE
WON IN A WALK
BY SILVERDALE
Schorr's Colt Runs Away
From His 'Field at the
Louisville Track.
At Morris Park the Talent Has a
Very Hard Day, Kriss Krinple
Being the Only Favorite
to Win.
LOUISVILLE. May 14.— Schorr's Sil
verdale practically had a walkover in :ho
Wenonah stake for two-year-old colta an«l
geldings to-day. The field was made up
of only Silverdale. Dr. Preston and Hn
Eminence, they finishing: as named. Re
sults:
. Six end a half furlones. selllnit— Nina B t.
won. Aureole second. Sister Alice third. Time.
1:21.
Five and a half furlongs— His Excellency
won. Lady Elite second. Bohul third. Tlm.\
l:0S4.
Four furlonits. selling — Denman Thompson
won. The Butcher second. Bill Maasle thir-1.
Time. :4S%.
Four and a half furlongs, the Wenonah stakes
— Sllverdale won. Dr. Preston second. His Em
inence third, i Time. :55. ,
Mile and a sixteenth, selling — Aurea won.
Beana second. Otlle Dixon third. Time. 1:45^.
Seven furlongs, selling— Sound Money won.
Trebor second, Scrivener third. Time, 1:23.
CHICAGO. May 14— Weather clear,
track fast, at Lakeside. Results:
Four and a half furlongs— Battus won, Boom
erack second. Benson Caldwell third. Time.
:S54.
Mile — Sam Fullen won. Sldbow second. Carl
boo third. Time. l:C1i
Mile and a sixteenth — Hood's Brlsrade won.
Woodtrlce second. Thomas Carrey thiru. Time.
1:4S^.
Fourth race, five and a half furlongs— Al!c*>
B won, Barney Paal second, Northumberland
third. Time. tM%.
Mile and seventy yards — Chancery won.
IV (savannah second, Annowan third. Time.
Mit» and seventy yards— Schnellaufer won.
Rollins second. Tony Honing third. Tune.-V4S\.
NEW YORK. May 14.— Krlaa Kringrle. la
the fourth race, was the only favorite to
win at Morris Park to-day. Results:
Six iiirlonKF—Indian Fairy won. McMeekln
second. Belle of Lexlntrton third. Time^l:10»n.
Four and a half furlongs— Kins Fepper won.
All Green second. Elkhom third. Time. :.i3'j.
Seven furlones— Manltoban won, RInaUa sec
ond. Kine Bramble third. Time. 1:23^.
Seven furlongs, selling— Krlsa Krlngle won.
Sparrow Wing second. Bon Jour third. Time.
1:17%.
•Miie- The Kentucklan won. Approval fcecond.
Walt Not third. Time. 1:39%. . '
Mile— Queen of Song won. voter second.
Handcuff third. Time. l:40>i.
CHICAGO'S TWO RECOBDS.
Plays an Errorless Game and Shuts
Out New York.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
dubs— w. L. Pet. I Clubs— "Vf. L.-Pct.
Philadelphia 14 3 .737|ChlcaKO .11 W .-4
Brooklyn.... 12 S .800 St. Louis.... 8 It) .451
Pittsburg.... 11 9 .J'OjNew York.. « 12 .-»•'
Cincinnati.. 9 10 .474| Boston 5 1_ .:Ji
PITTSrvt'RO. May It.— Dlneen was wild In
the first inninp. givlnir three bases on balls ar 1
forcing in a run. The other tallies of the Pitt
burgs were made by hard hitting. CbtWbra
was hit hard but not safely, his support beins
excellent. Attendance 2300. Score:
Pitsburg ' $ v l •
Boston J • l
Batteries — Chesebro and Zlmmer; Dineen anil
W. Clarke. Umpire— Emslie.
ST. LOCTS. May 14. — Kennedy's mastTf-.il
work on the rubber won to-day's tame for
Brooklyn. Attendance 600. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Brooklyn "..?..... ;.„.,...- a " 9 3
Batteries— Powell and -Robinson: Kennedy ami
Farrell. Umpire— Hurst.
CHICAGO, May 14— The locals made two rec
ords for themselves to-day by playing t*lo1r first
errorless game and malting the-ir first' Bhut..ut.
Uarvin was ia great form, allowing but ff>ur
hit* no two of them in the same inntr.R. a!s >
getting credit for eight strikeouts. Attendance
1200. Score:
Clubs— K. H. E.
Chicago ....A- 10 0
New York v.: 0 * 3
Batteries— Garvin and Nichols; Carrick anJ
Warner. Umpire— O' Day.
CINCINNATI. May It.— A misjudged fiy br
Barrett gave I'hilartelphla three rtins In th.»
opening Innine. ta-tlay. and this lead won th»
frame. Philllpps pitched a good game, but was
poorly supported. Maul was hit hard through
out, but his outfleld gave him grand support.
Attendance 1200. Score:
Club»— " R. H. K.
Cincinnati 4 10 3
Philadelphia 7 13 I
Batteries—Philllpps and Pettz; Maul and Mc-
Farland. Umpire —Swartwood.
American Association Games.
• BUFFALO. May 14.—Buffalo 10, Milwaukee 9.
CLEVELAND. May 14.—Cleveland 6, ilianc
apolls 3. ...
INDIANAPOLIS. May 14.— Indianapolis 11.
Kansas City «.
DETROIT. May 1*.—Detroit 3, Chicago. 5.
» .
* ?;;
Banker Cole Sentenced.
BOSTON. "May 14.— In the United State*
court here to-day Charles H. Cole, former*
president of the now defunct Globe Xa
tional Bank of this city, who recently
pleaded guilty on an indictment charging
him with misappropriation of funds of thi>
Institution, was sentenced to serve eight
years in Greenfield Jail. . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO V CALL, TUESI^X, ; 15, 1DOO.
MOFFITTGOMES
JO FIQHJ PJEIL
¦LOS ANGELES, May 14.-The police
continue to make arrests of persons who
are suspected of being: implicated In the
numerous hold-ups and burglaries com
mitted in the city lately. : Four were
brought in yesterday, two being released
to-day. . Several ¦ have been examined in
the Justice's court and released. There is
no strong evidence against any of the sus
pects.
Suspects Arrested.
WOODLAND, May 14.— The commence
ment exercises of the Esparto Union
High School win be held at Levy Hall
Friday evening-. May 25. The graduates
are William A. Adams, D. Q. Adams.
Louise B. Baur, May B. Cole, D. Howard
Gilllam, Essie M .Humphrey, Minnie H
Stephens and Sarah S. Stephens.
Esparto School Commencement.
Special Dispatch to The Call
4
CLUBS. ;
I Played. ]
iw
. I Lost. |
I Pet.
Pacific Heights
Jame.-i Lick
Horace Mann
Franklin
John Swett
Lincoln
Hearst
Hamilton
Crocker
Mission
•4
1
4
3
5
6
4
5
4
C
0
0
0
1
2
2
2
3
4
6
4
1
4
2
3
3
2
2
0-
0
.000
.OX)
.0»
.333
.4'K>
.40"
-5<»
.600
1.0.0
1.000
CLUBS. ;
I Played. ]
iw
. I Lost. |
I Pet.
Pacific Heights
Jame.-i Lick
Horace Mann
Franklin
John Swett
Lincoln
Hearst
Hamilton
Crocker
Mission
•4
1
4
3
5
6
4
5
4
C
0
0
0
1
2
2
2
3
4
6
4
1
4
2
3
3
2
2
0-
0
.000
.OX)
.0»
.333
.4'K>
.40"
-5<»
.600
1.0.0
1.000
wSfo The only complete Cape Nome cloth- Iplp
l|||| ing ou. fitters on the coast. j§j|
||i|IIp| CLOTHING SHOES OIL GOODS jgjgjfgj
; N .H, v BLANKETS UNDERWEAR MOCCASINS j||jpi|l
;;,f /,_• TENTS RUBBER BOOTS TOBACCO jgayjjp
:" If unable to visit us write for full information. We Iliiii
W£0k- are nand in £ lne bulk of the Caps.Nome business. IfilSii
fiH & R CO M n o k'ct o p pos i t e §jfa
fpgjgp. ****** O«J<7 rflHrVlVIll <J|. POWELL
U . The Greatest of A II [ |
w Blood Purifiers. li
- M It is generally known that a large majority of disease* originate In f f
Rl - ..an Impure condition of the blood. Tbe effect of ELECTROZONE Is Pi
£a ' j? 1 me relyto remove the symptoms of disease, but It eradicates tue jH
M disease itself and a cure is effected In a short period of time. ¦ If you fa
pi are suffering from any allmont «>r complaint that has Its origin In the §2
Kj . blood, take ELECTROZONE. It acts like magic in curing the moat fej
1 Rheumatism, , % Female Complaints, |
| Kidney and' Bladder Ailments, Nervousness, gj
y s All Bipod Diseases, Dyspepsia, n
rf . Thousands willingly testify to the merits of this wonderful. cura- B
Eg tlve. ELECTROZONE cures are permanent cures. When all other K
M... remedies fail, ELECTROZONE effects a speedy cure. ELECTRO- K
a ZONE Is a* boon to suffering humanity. 91
-^^_^__W bottl*. ' KLECTROZONE MFG. CO., San Franclaco. &)Senator Jones of Arkansas Presents
a Measure Directed Against
the Railroads.
WASHINGTON. May 1.— Senator Jones
of Arkansas to-day introduced a bill to
prevent and punish blacklisting by rail
road companies, sleeping car companies,
express companies, steamboat companies,
telegraph and telephone companies, en
gaged in Interstate commerce, and also
to provide a civil remedy in damages for
blacklisting. It is a very lengthy measure
and goes into the subject of blacklisting
and provides methods of obtaining infor
mation concerning the same. Corpora
tions are directed to keep a record of em
ployes and every employe Is. entitled to
see his record. The bill prohibits black
listing for participation in a strike or la
bor trouble. Officers or employes of a
corporation convicted of blacklisting any
person are to be punished by imprison
ment for not less than two nor more than
ten years. " -
ANNIVERSARY AT STANFORD.
Students Commemorate the Laying of
the Cornerstone.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 14.—
The thirteenth 'anniversary, of the laying
of the cornerstone of Stanford University
was commemorated here to-day- by the
cessation of all university work. To-night
appropriate exercises were ' held in the
college chapel, the programme presented
being entirely .the work of the students.
F. B. Riley read a 'selection from the col-
made the following statement in explana
tion of the provisions of the law:
The tax on legacies and distributive shared
Included In the war revenue act of 1S38 is
graded In two ways, according to the degree
of kinship of the legatee and according: to the
valu« of the legacy. The Initial rate Is deter
mined by the defrree of kinship. A legacy to
a husband or wife Is exempt. L.?gacles to
others must pay a tax which rises a* tbe de
gree of kinship is more remote, until property
passing to strangers In blood rays 5 per rent.
To this initial rate a progressive rate, accord
ing to the value of the legacy panning, is ap
plied. Property valued at $10,000 and under Is
exempt; exceeding I10.C0O. but not exceeding
J2.1.CW. the rate is fixed by kinship. The rate
rises with the amount until property exceeding
$1,000,000 Is required to pay the rate fixed by
kinship multiplied by three. .*•..•
COIil^CTTVE ARBITRATION.
Plan Proposed by Greece in the Con-
sular Difficulties.
CONSTANTINOPLE. May 14. — The
Greek Legation: has notified the; Porte of
the intention of Greece to resort- to the
collective arbitration; of • the " powers ¦ re-'
spec ting the controversies over the consu
lar convention: ! At' the same time: the le
gation sent a note to the embassies asking
for arbitration.
WASHINGTON. May 1«.-Fordlnand W.
Peck. Lnlted Stat^ Commissioner Gen
eral to the Paris Exposition, recently re
quested the loam of the large flas which
hangs in the Penrion Office! It was h"
lntenUon. he said, to float !t on the Eiffel
tower on the Fourth of July Secretary
Hitchcock has decided to grant the re
Quest. This is the largest Imtrican r£f
la the world, measuring 26 by M feet.
Eiffel Tower July 4.
American Flag to Float From Top of
"OLD GLOBY" TO FLY HIGH.
Will Probably Be Awarded to Califor
nia Construction Company.
LOS ANGELES. May 14.— The Califor
nia Construction Company of San
Franclpco will complete the San
Pedro breakwater where Heldmalcr
A N> u r,f Chicago left off. pro
vldir.jr thflr hid la found to have been In
era.r.- compliance with the specifications.
ine i,,fig wrre opened this afternoon by
£¦/£!"" J - J ," Myler of th « United States
corps cj engineers.
it~« ,i 1<JV i C! i t - bld made by D. V.
1;.^\ <*.N*w York, who failed, how
k\ ¦[..,« ! " Jb l mlt the propfT guarantee that
t«« thr, I' 1 "* i!1 g °° d f{Uth i and th « bId
n£ CnEltr 11 ?. Ut - Th * b!d °* tne Callfor
f«tv«? ctl °? <-°mpany was the next
low < si to t2.375.546 05 and If
KSgrWSis ll -wnfUbabtf £
SAN PEDRO CONTRACT.
WASHINGTON, May 14.— After a dis
cussion lasting five full days the Senate
to-day passed the naval appropriation bill.
Practically four days were devoted to the
consideration of the armor plate proposi
tion, which was agreed to finally as re
ported by the committee with the excep
tion' that the Secretary of the Navy is
authorized to make contracts only for
such armor as may be needed from time
to time. The Secretary of the Navy is
authorized to procure armor of the best
quality at $445 per ton, but If he be unable
to obtain, it at that price he Is then
authorized to pay $545 per ton for the
armor for the battleships Maine. Ohio and
Missouri, and proceed to erect an armor
factory, to cost not to exceed $4,000,000.
one-half of which amount is made Im
mediately available. The committee's
proposition carried by a vote of 32 to 19.
The Secretary of the Navy Is directed
to purchase five Holland torpedo-boats at
a price not exceeding $170,000 each.
Just before adjournment Nelson of Min
nesota called up the "free homes" bill,
and it was passed without a word of de
bate.'Representative Flynn of Oklahoma.
who has been a warm champion of the
measure, was present when the bill passed
and cordially congratulated Senator Nel
son. . . •
A concurrent resolution was adopted
directing the Secretary of War to appoint
a board of officers of the engineer, corps
to prepare plans for the improvement of
the Snake River, in Washington and
Idaho.
A bill for the establishment of, a light
house and fog signal at Slip Point, Wash.',
at a cost of J12.000, was passed.
A concurrent resolution was adopted for
a survey of the outlet of'Flathead Lake,
Montana, with a view to keeping the lake
full.
A bill providing for the appointment or
a Collector of Customs for the customs
district of Hawaii, at a salary of $400) per
year, and auch deputies as may be neces
sary, was passed.
Hale then called up the naval appro
priation bill, the pending question being
on the amendment of Chandler substi
tuting in Tillman's amendment $425 for
$300 as the price of armor. The amend
ment was rejected, 25 to 27.
Hoar offered the following amendment
to th« committee's proposition with re
spect to the construction of an armor
plate factory: "That If under the opera
tion of the above provision no Govern
ment armor plate manufactory Is begun or
built the Secretary of the Navy shall sub
mit to Congress at the beginning of Its
next session a detailed report, in which
he shall estimate the entire cost of a fully
equipped Government armor plate manu
factory. Including site, and the probable
time at which the best modern armor
plate could be produced at said factory
and ready for delivery."
The nmendment was accepted by the
committee and as amended the commit
tee's proposition was adopted— 32 to 19. as
°Ay C B— Allison. Baker, Carter. Clark of
Wyoming. Davis. Depew, Elkins, Fair
banks Foraker. Foster. Frye. Gear. Hale.
Hanna, Hansbrough, Hawley, Hoar,
Kean Lodge. McComas. McCumber, Nel
son Penrose, Perkins. Platt of New
York Proctor. Rors, Sewcll, Shoup, Si
mon. 'Thurston. Wolcott-32.
Noes— Berry. Butler. Chandler, Cockrell,
TVLnlel Harris, Heitfeld. Jones of Arkan
sas. M"allory. Morgan. Pettlgrew Pettus.
Soooncr. Stewart. Sullivan. Teller, Tlll
nuin. Turner. Welllngton-19.
The next proposition of the committee
nrovlded for the purchase of five Holland
submarine torpedo-boats at a price ot
$170 000. and It was adopted after Bome de
bate with an amendment making the pur
chase mandatory. During this -, debate
Teller denounced the Armor Ordnance
Board as incompetent and nald he would
vote for twenty of the Holland boats ( to
be built to allay, the sensitiveness and ap
prehension of our »ea coast ciUea. and bo
means "equal and uniform" in the sense now
asserted by the opponents of the tax. the words
"throughout the United States" are deprived of
all real significance, and sustaining the conten
tion must hence lead to a disregard of the ele
mentary Canon of construction, which . requires
that effect be given to each word of the consti
tution. .
Uniformity Disregarded.
One of the most satisfactory answers to the
argument that the uniformity required by the
constitution is the same as the equal and uni
form clause which has since been embodied in
so many of the State constitutions, results from
a view of the practice under the constitution
from the beginning. From the very first Con
gress down to the present date in laying duties,
Imposts and exclRes the rule of Inherent uni
formity, or. in other words. Intrinsically equal
and uniform taxes, has been disregarded and
the principle of geographical uniformity con
sistently enforced.
On another point of uniformity he said:
It la yet further asserted that the tax does not
fulfill the requirements of geographical uni
muty. for the following reason: As the pri
mary rate of taxation depends upon the degree
of relationship or want of relationship to a de
ceased person, it ia argued that it cannot oper
ate with geoftrophical uniformity, Inasmuch as
testamentary and Intestacy laws may differ In
every Btate. It Is certain that the same degree
of relationship or want of relationship to the
deceased, wherever existing. Is levied on at the
same rate throughout the United States. The
tax Is, uniform throughout the United States
despite the fact that different conditions among
the States may obtain as to the objects upon
which tbe tax ia levied.
With reference to the objections to the
progressive feature of the law, Justice
White said:
Lower Court Erred.
The review which we have made exhibits the
fact that taxes Imposed with reference to the
ability of the person upon whom the burden
is placed to bear the same have been levied
from the foundation of the Government * So
also some authoritative thinkers and a num
ber-of economic writers contend that a pro
gressive lax Is more Just and equal than a pro
portionate one. .In the absence of constitutional
limitations, the question whether It is or Is
not is legislative and not Judicial. The grave
consequences which It Is asserted must arise In
the future if the right to levy a progressive tax
be recognized Involve In the ultimate aspect
the mere assertion that free and representative
government is a failure and that the grossest
abuses of power are foreshadowed unless the
courts usurp a purely legislative function. If a
case should ever arise where an arbitrary and
conflscatory exaction- is imposed bearing the
guiee of a progressive or any other form of
tax. it will be time enough to consider whether
the Judicial power can afford a remedy by ap
plying inherent and fundamental principles for
the protection of .the Individual, even though
there be no express . authority In ¦ the eonnltu
tlon ¦ to do so. That the law which we have
construed affords no ground for the contention
that the tax Imposed is arbitrary and conflsca
tory is ¦ obvious.
• It . follows from the foregoing • that the court
below erred In denying all relief and that it
should . have held the plaintiff entitled to re
cover so much of the tax as resulted from tax-
Ing legacies below J10.000 and from -increasing
the . tax : rate with reference to the whole
amount of the personal estate, of the deceased
from ¦ which the legacies or distributive shares
were derived.
Justice Brewer dissented on the ground
that the progressive feature of the tax is
a violation of "uniformity," but concur
red on all other points.
¦In the cases; Involving the right to tax
Inheritances consisting of Government
bonds, which were handled In an opinion
handed down by Justice Shiras, the court
said:.
iWe think the conclusion fairly to be drawn
from ' the State and Federal cases Is that .the
right to take property by - will or descent Is
derived from and ; regulated by municipal law;
that In assessing a tax upon such right or priv
ilege 5 the ¦* State may ' lawfully measure or ; flx
the amount of the tax by referring to the value
of the property passing, and that the Incidental
fact: that such property is composed In whole
or : In ; cart of : Federal securities -does not in
validate the tax or the law under which it la
Imposed. .. ,- ": v ' . ;
i This opinion .was rendered in the case
of Plummer vs. • Comptroller : Coler of the
city of > New York and involved- the State
law of New York. ***&*®8r*?&8gmsxa
r, Solicitor \ General \: Richards, .who con
ducted • the' ca*e for : the Government be
fore the Supreme Court, later it th* day
would therefore support the amendment
of Stewart.
The committee amendment appropriat
ing $250,000 for the purchase of Gatnman
guns and ammunition was withdrawn.
The amendment was adopted providing
in effect for the removal of the naval sta
tion at Port Royal, S. C, to Charleston.
S C
The bill authorizes the expenditure of
$412,000, but leaves the expenditure of this
money to the discretion of the Secretary
of the Navy, who Is authorized to exam
ine Into the expediency of changing the
station to Charleston, S. C. The amend
ment provides that there must be a depth
of water of at least thirty feet at the new
station.
Hale, in advocating the amendment,
said the committee felt that -no more
good money ought to be sent after bad at
Port Royal.
Chandler offered an amendment reducing
the number of armored cruisers provided
for in the bill from three to two. and the
number of protected cruisers from three
to two. His purpose in offering It. he
said, was to direct attention to the fact
that we are expending too much money
for our navy and too little for the develop
ment of our merchant marine.
"There Is a bill now before this Senate,"
said he, "providing for the development of
our merchant marine which calls for no
larger appropriation than is necessary for
the construction of 'two first class war
vessels. I hope that Congress will not ad
lourn until it has brought this shipping
bill to a vote."
"I have not the slightest idea," said
Teller, "that the shipping bill will be
taken up until after the campaign, and
neither has the Senator (Chandler)."
"I am not a great party leader," .replied
Chandler . sarcastically, "but ' there is no
need that we should rush away from
here before we pass this bill for the ad
vancement of our merchant marine."
Hale expressed the belief that he and
the Senator from New Hampshire would
be much older men than, they were now
before the subsidy bill would be disposed
of.
Chandler withdrew the amendment.
Teller said Chandler knew that his par
ty dared not bring the subsidy bill In. ;
"It is to be shunted— to go-over until the
next session of Congress," said he. "Then
I suppose we shall nave the' subsidy bill,
the bill to increase the army to 100.000
men, and puch other measures as cannot
be considered now in . view of the Presi
dential campaign." ;'••
McBride of Oregon secured an amend
ment providing for the appointment of a
board of officers to determine the desira
bility of constructing a drydock on the
Columbia River, Oregon. : ,
Tillman offered an amendment provid
ing that no armor should be contracted
for In advance of its actual requirement
by vessels in construction. It was agreed
to. ' <>-:.- ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦ - -.¦'¦.¦.
Pettisrew declared that it was the . pur
pose of the dominant party in Congress to
make these great contracts for war ves
sels and armor in order that it might be
In position to obtain vast contributions to
its campaign fund.
The bill then passed without division.
Nelson of Minnesota ; secured - the pas
sage of an act providing for. free home
steads on the public lands for actual and
bona fide settlers, ana reserving the pub
lic lands for that purpose.' A bill also
passed to apply a portion of the proceeds
of tire sale of public lands to the endow
ment, support and maintenance of schools
or departments of mining and metallurgy
in the several States Rnd Territories, -In
connection with the colleges for the bene
fit of agriculture and the mechanical arts:
-The Senate at 5:45 p.m.- adjourned.
WASHINGTON. May 14.— The Supreme
Court of the United States to-day an
nounced opinions in the cases arising un
der the inheritance tax provision of the
war revenue act and also in a case in
volving the applicability of the State in
heritance tax law of New York to estates
composed of Government bonds. There
were live decisions under the Federal law
and one under the State law, but two of
the former class applied, as did one of the
latter class, to the taxation of Govern
ment bonds. The court held that neither
under the State nor the national enact
ment were national bonds exempt from
taxation. The validity of the general Fed
eral law was affirmed, but it was held to
be purely applicable to legacies and not to
the entire estates of deceased persons, the
court holding that the "tax is on the pass
ing of legacies or distributive shares of
personality, with a progressive rate on
each, separately determined by the sum
of each of such legacies or distributive
shares."
The decisions dealing with the Federal
law as a whole were handed down by
Justice White and those relating to Gov
ernment bonds by Justice Shiras.
Justice Shiras' opinion covered the phase
of the law applying to cases in which es
tates consisting of United States bonds
are taxed. | This opinion held that the
bonds wero subject to this tax.
The principal decision in the list handed
down by Justice White covered the case
of Eben J. Knowlton and Thomas A. Buf
f urn, executors of the estate of
Edwin F.' Knowlton, brought here
from the eastern district of New
York. The opinion of the Circuit
Court was; adverse to the validity of the
law and accordingly it was. reversed. The
opinion is a very. voluminous one and dis
cusses exhaustively every phase of. the
law. ". Referring to the "progressive" fea
ture of the act. Justice Av'hite satd that it
was conclusive that it creates no new
subject of taxation.
Provisions of the Law.
"It simply provides," he said, "for the
progressive rates or. the property men
tioned in the opening sentences, which -is
described exactly as it was in the act of
1864. ..Now, ; as the. act of 1864' taxed not
the whole estate but each particular leg
acy or distributive share, the conclusion
cannot be escaped that the present law
does the same thing, except tnat there is
added thereto a progressive rate."- •
Then he took up the question as to
whether the law commands that the pro
gressive: rate shall be measured by the
amount of a legacy or the whole personal
estate, the conclusion being reached that
!t was not the intention to tax the entire
estate, but: the "separate and distinct
Hums or items of personal property pass
ing." The conclusion then was announced
that the tax Is "on the legacies and dis
tributive shares, the rate being primarily
determined by the classifications and-be
ing' progressively increased .according to
the amount of the legacies or shares. '--
Ccntinulng;on'thls line the Justice said:
Aa the whole amount of such personal prop
erty a« aforesaid relates to the sum ; of -each
legacy or "¦ distributive ; share considered sepa
rately. It follows that all legacies below $10,000
are not taxed and that those above that amount
are taxed primarily by th« degree of relation
ship or absence thereof specified In the five clas
sical'conventions contained 'In the statute, and
that the rate of; tax Is ; progressively S Increased
by the amount of each. separate legacy or dis
tributive share. ; This being the' correct inter
pretation*, of i the statute, .-. it .-. follows t that > the
court • below. erroneously maintained a' contrary
construction, and therefore the tax assessed and
collected was for a larger amount than the sum
actually due by law.-; : : , ;.,• _-¦•-;. -.*.¦*¦¦ . Ax ¦.¦ : -,
¦ The decision held that the tax was not
a direct tax within -¦ the ; meaning of. the
constitution, but a duty or. an excise: tax:
Within the point of /'uniformity," as re
quired • by, the constitution, Justice .White
said' that r. the * constitutional requirement
was geographical, j Considering tbe ' text,
he ; continued: ¦. • 7 _.
¦ It! i»" apparent; that >lx "the "word" "uniform"
¦____ ( ... :- : i ¦ ¦
APPROVES THE
APPROPRIATION
Senate Passes the Naval Bill After
a Debate Lasting a Period of
Four Days.
?
Secretary of the Navy Given Authority to
Construct an Armor Plant at a Cost
of Four Million Dollars.
INHERITANCE TAX
IS CONSTITUTIONAL
Important Decision Is Handed
Down in United States
Supreme Court.
T " ¦
Law Regarding Taxation of National Bonds Held
to Be Purely Applicable to Legacies and
Not to Entire Estates.
the Transit Company and the grievance
committee of the strikers. No basis of
settlement has been given ou,t yet.
At 5:10 p. m. John Schroers, one of the
members of the committee of citizens*
committee, came from the conference and
announced that the Transit Company and
the strikers' grievance committee had
come to an agreement by which the strike
would be declared off immediately and
that cars on all the divisions of the Tran
sit Company's system would be running
to-morrow morning as usual. Mr. Schroers
would not make any statement as to th©
basis on which the settlement was made,
but said only a few minor details remained
to be disposed of.
The Suburban Company had no dlmculty
in maintaining a thorough running sched
ule to-day, and riotous demonstrations on
that line were conspicuous by their ab
sence. On the Transit Company s system
there were a number of demonstrations —
mo'e nolry than otherwise. In one In-
ST. LOUIS. May 14.— There were Im
portant developments in the street
car strike situation to-day. At a
conference held between the officials
of the Suburban Railway Company,
the only system not controlled by the St.
Louis Transit Company, and on which a
strike was Inaugurated ten "days before
that declared on the Transit system, and
the officials of the employes of that road,
an amicable adjustment was effected and
the men will return to work to-morrow.
On Just what basis the strike was set
tled could not be learned at 9:30 o'clock
to-night, but it can be positively stated
that the union received full recognition.
The strike on the St. Louis Transit Com
pany also has been settled as a result of
ihe conference between the committee of
business men with President Whitaker of
Sailors Picked Up.
VICTORIA. B. C. May 14.— Mate Gallad
and the sailors who with him were lost
recently from the sealing schooner Sadie
Turpel. were picked up by the schooner
Penelope and to-day returned safe to port.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., May 1*.-The
street railway strike here was devofd of
exciting incidents to-day. The strikers,
to the number of about 200, paraded the
streets with a brass band this afternoon,
appearing on the street after the Chief of
Police had refused to issue a permit for
the parade and an appeal to Mayor Reed
had been resorted to, the Mayor issuing
the permit.
n Brass Band.
Strikers in Kansas City Parade With
DEVOID OF INTEREST.
stance the police were obliged to charge
on n crowd of strike sympathizers to dis
perse it and in a number of Instances used
the flat side of their sabers In accomplish
ing their purpose. No casualties of a serl
ouk nature were reported during the day.
DURING THE STREETCAR STRIKE IN ST. LOUIS.
Better Telegraph Service.
BERLIN. May 14.— The Government will
ask the Reichstag to increase the postal
appropriation by 2,000,000 marks, with a
view of enlarging telegraphic- facilities
with England. . .
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 14.—
The students of the University. of Califor
nia do not concur in the criticism of the
decision of the judges in the recent Inter-'
collegiate debate. All knowledge concern
ing the letter published over the signa
ture of William L. Overstreet In last
Wednesday's Call Is disclaimed. A letter
from Frank \V. Aitken, chairman of the
University of California Debating Com
mittee, was received here to-day In
which It was stated, that Overstreet's ac
tion was regretted by California's de
baters, and that It was published with
out their knowledge or consent.
Actetd Fairly.
Special D'spatch to The Call.
Believe the Judges of the Debata
BERKELEY MEN SATISFIED.
His Majesty haa invited all the descend
ants of Carl "Weber, the composer, to at
tend the magnificent gala performances
of the opera "Oberon," in which drawings
from the Sultan, showing the interior of
the harem, will be utilized In making up
the secenry.
Carries Into Effect a Very Pictur
esque Attack Upon the New
Forts at Metz.
BERLIN. May U.— Emperor William ar
ranged a picturesque attack upon the new
forts at Metz, leading himself and leav
ing to the Bavarian general Von Llch
stein the defense. Count von Haeseler
was deputed to criticize the whole en
gagement. All the artillery and cavalry,
with two battalions of each infantry com
posing the garrison, were under the
Kaiser. During the right two battalions
of engineers threw a bridge across the
Moselle.
lfction of Stanford stories by C. K Field
and W. H. Irwin. E. M. Davis' spoke
upon "YV hat Stanford University Stands
ror. L. E. Bassett closed the pro
gramme by some select reading. Music
was furnished by a trio composed of Miss
Uinnlfred Morgan. B. A. Olahausen and
R. E. Shulze.
EMPEROR WILLIAM LEADS
TROOPS IN A SHAM BATTLE
CHICAGO. May 14. — The Methodist
Episcopal Conference committee on tem
perance, of which Samuel Dickie of Mlch-
Iriui Is chairman and of which Congress
man M. N. Johnson of North Dakota, au
thor and champion of the anti-canteen
law. Is a member, adopted resolutions to
day which, in the minds of a number of
the commltteemen at least, is a direct
Einp at President McKlnley because of his
acquiescence In the decision of Attorney
General Grig&s declaring the law Ineffect
ive.
The resolutions are a portion of the re
port of a sub-committee Into whose hands
the task of preparing the committee's re
port to the General Conference had b«en
placed, and was adopted In the face of a
motion to substitute for It a minority re
port from Dr. Jacob E. Price of the New-
York conference after a two hours* de
bate. In which the members alternately
arraigned and championed President Mc-
Kinley in his stand on the anti-canteen
law. The report was read as follows:
We are. however, chagrined, humiliated and
exasperated ty the puerile and absurd con-
Ftmctlon placed upon the anti-canteen law, so
callfd. by the Attorney General of the United
States, atid. with all due rvpect to hla exalted
nation, we record th* fact that we are pained
ajid disappointed at the course of the President
In accepting as final and satisfactory an opinion
without binding: force. Such an abuse of power
>• nullification In Its meet dang-prou* form.
Upon the President, as commander In chief of
our army, rests the repponelbillty for the can
ton saloon, an evil which he has ample power
to pupprens and which, to quote the Episcopal
£<2drecs, "ie a more deadly foe to the soldier
We ur*re upon the President «.n early exercise
©f th« power veyted in him, to the end that the
authorities of tli* Government, instead of being
used to i>laee temptation before the soldier,
shall be used to gave him &c far aa possible
from tbe moral hazards Incident to military
After a etormy session the committee on
•p'.scopacy to-day decided to recommend
to the General Conference that two new
Bishops be elected to provide for possi
ble deaths on the board during the next
four years. The body voted down a re
port from a sub-committee in favor of a
petition to the conference to eleci a col
ored Bishop. Instead «f making a direct
recommendation on this question the com
mittee will repoft a revised version of the
declaration aaopted by the conference of
1*36, recognizing the qualifications of col
ored men to fill the high offices and ad
mitting the need of a colored leader to de
clare the religious work among his Doonle
In the south. The result Is taken a* a de
feat of the movement to secure the elec
tion of a colored man as Bishop at this
conference, as the leaders started out with
the determination to get specific instruc
tions to the conference. Chairman Buck
ley will report these findings to the con
ference to-morrow. Both reports are cer
tain to be bitterly contested on the floor
of the conference.
The time limit for Methodist preachers
wins doomed. By a vote of 82 to 21 the
committee on Itinerancy to-day decided to
present the General Conference a report
favoring the abolition of the time limit
cow before the conference.
Methodists Decide to Appoint a Con
ference to Select Delegates to the
Ecumenical Conference
in London.
DIRECT SLAP AT
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY
CHICAGO. Msy 14.— The Methodist
Episcopal Conference to-day adopted a
motion made by Bishop Hurst that a com
mission be created by the General Confer
ence, consisting of one member from each
general conference district, to select the
i2S delegates to the Ecumenical Methodist
•Conference In London. A little politics
was injected into the procedlngs by a
resolution to allow delegates the privi
lege of vacant seats In their delegations
for their friends. This was opposed on
the ground that it gave too much op
portunity for lobbying, and was defeated.
Rev. Albert R. Rich of the Erie <Pa->
conference Introduced a resolution to
make it a violation of a sacred trust to
devote the profits of the Book Concern to
any other object than the support of bu
[¦••rannuated ministers. This was intro
duced to stop the payment of the ex
penaee of the General Conference out of
this fund and the subsidizing of non-pay
ing official paptrs. Mr. Rich said that If
necessary an injunction should be served
upon the General Conference or those
holding these trust funds to prevent their
diversion to any other channel than that
for which they are Intended. Dr. Eaton
of Troy. N. Y.. agent for the Eastern
liook Concern, made a strong plea lor
the adoption of the resolution.
"In xnv judgment," he said, "we have
too many periodicals in the Methodist
church."
Dr. Lewis Curt of the Western Book
Concern also favored the resolution.
After a ppirited discussion a motion by
I>r. Buckley to lay th* whole matter on
the table finally prevailed by a large ma
jority.
The regular order of the day, the or
eanic law of the church, was then con
sidered, article 10 being read for amend
ment or adoption. This article deflnen the
powers and restrictions of the General
Conference. After some debate the reso
lution was referred for further consider
ation by the committee.
The report of the committee on elec
tions, which was made public Saturday,
recommending that the election of Bish
oj>s be held under the two-thirds rule-,
vi.-.s adopted. Dr. Huckley of New York,
«-ditor of the Christian Advocate, made a
Ftrong pita for the adoption of the re
port, which he said would tend to neu
tralize electioneering methods. The re
port was voted on section by section. The
fiction providing for the election of edi
tors of the several Advocates was recom
mitted to the book committee for further
fiction, the Invention being, it is under
stood, to discontinue some of the subsi
dized publications for which editors are
to be selected. The two-thirds rule on
the election of Bishops was then adopted
by an overwhelming vote.
The time of the session was extended to
hear Chairman Buckley's report No. 2
of the committee on episcopacy, the re
port being on the effectiveness of the
board of general superintendents/ It was
adopted after a short debate. It recom
mended that the whole list of present act
ing Bishops be declared effective.
Attempt Made to Permit
Delegates to Pill Vacant
Seats With Friends.
POLITICS CROP
OUT IN CHURCH
CONFERENCE
DENVER, May 14.— The annual conven
tions of the Western Federation of Miners
and the Western Labor Union opened this
rooming with a Joint public meeting., at
which the welcoming address was deliv
ered by Ready Kenehan. to which replies
were made by President Edward Boyce
of the federation • and President Daniel
McDonald of the union. After the public
meetings the two conventions met In sep
arate session. . .
k. subject which is = much discussed
among the Relegates and which -will be
acted upon by both conventions Is the
influx of Japanese laborers into the United
State* and Canada. President McDonald
*>ald- that unless something was' done by
the Government to restrict the Immigra
tion of Japanese it would become a great
menace to white labor and before long
mizht result In serious troubles.
"I have recently been over the whole
Pacific Coast country, where I learned
that' more than 30,000 Japanese have en
tered the United States in the last year,"
said' Mr. McDonald. "They are practi
cally replacing white labor on all of the
railroads in the Northwest and are grad
ually working their way eastward. The
Northern Pacific and the Great Northern
employ them almost exclusively on the
sections, each gang having a white man
a« boas."
In his speech President Boyce said: "I
will say without hesitation or fear of con
tradiction that in the grandest republic
ever organized In the world we are fast
descending to a condition worse than has
ever existed In any monarchy on earth. It
is time for laboring people to say that no
military despot shall exist In any State
or county of this country. We should
not longer endure the action of the Judges
sitting on the bench of the United States
Supreme Court who issue injunctions re
straining laboring men. There seems no
relief to be expected from any political
organization existing to-day, I am sorry
to say. and all <>ur nope of gaining relief
through politics must come when we come
to the point where we can rely upon our
selves to cast a united vote."
President Boyce named the following
committee of credentials: John MeKenna.
Butte Union No. 1. Montana: Albert V.
Poff, Helvetia Union. Arizona; E. S.
Tlmmons, Gillette Union, Colorado; John
Hayes, Gem Union. Idaho: John McCloud,
Two-Bit Union. South Dakota.
President Boyce Criticizes Federal
j Judges for the Freedom With
Which They Issue Re
straining Orders. "
DANGER IN THE
GREAT INFLUX
OF JAPANESE
Subject Discussed at the
Labor Convention in
Denver.
THE SAN FttANOISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.
Officials of the Suburban and the Transit Com
panies Accede to Many of the De
mands of Their Union Employes*
ST. LOUIS STREET CAR
STRIKE DECLARED OFF
INTRODUCES A BILL TO
PREVENT BLACKLISTING
The above picture, taken from the St. Louis Republic, shows the strikers and their sympa
thisers attacking the cars at the corner of Sixth and Locust streets on Tuesday last. The portrait of
Samuel Lee, chairman of the National executive board, who had charge of the strike, is also shown.
5
. THE EMPORIUM.- •¦ | THE EMPORITJM.
Remnant Sale
i To-Day * \
t The rapiditvmfh which remnants accumulate in a store \
\ servingthousamis of customers daily is almost incredible. }
I Short ends and broken si^es accumulate here, not by the }
} dozens or the hundreds, but by the thousands, hence ihe \
\ frequent so-called Remnant Sales. To-dav five depart- 3
\ ments are anxious to dispose of their short ends and '<
} broken lots, and the special inducement to buy is a further '
[ reduction of ' :
c One-Quartor Front the :
I Already Reduced Rem-
[ nant Prices, :
| Silk Remnants— An almost endless variety ; of j
K styles, colorings and lengths, most of them this season's latest !
f purchases, in suit, skirt and waist lengths, varying from 2 to !
( 12 yards — lengths for waists, trimmings, lining, ru filings, un-
[ derskirts, etc.— on special sale one-quarUr off.
\ Veiling Remnants — More than 2000 of them: i
£ almost every style, color and pattern, on special sa!e,0«£- \
t quarter off. \
\ Ribbon Remnants — 3000 short lengths of Rib- \
i bons, all styles, qualities, colore and widths; also some slightly ;
i soiled Ribbons that hare been used in display; all on special ¦
£ sale at one-quarter off. c . 1
\ Wash Goods Remnants — Hundreds upon ;
£ hundreds of short lengths of tine and medium quality fabrics; ;
£ all new, seasonable styles; some white goods among them; ;
£ lengths ranging up to 10 yards; your choice one-quarter off.
i Dress Goods Remnants— Almost every style
of Dress Goods — block and colored — that comprises the big
£ store's summer stock 13 represented in to-day's dress good3 ',
£ remnant sale; on special sale one-quartet off.
I Lace Department Remnants — A miscella-
g neous assortment of fashion's latest fancies in Iace3, embroi- •
$ deries, trimmings, etc., impossible to describe; they must bo !
J seen to appreciate how cheap they are at to-day's reduction. ',
& Chiffons Liberty Silk Dress Trimmings Lace3 Yoking?
f Mousselinea Ruching3 Dress Braids Eubroiderie3 All-Overs '<
jf All on special sale at one-quarter off. \
f Veiour Squares— A small lot (125 only) to be
if closed out to-day; they are 36 inches square, in a great variety
if of patterns and handsome colorings; suitable for cushion, fur-
£ niture coverings, etc. ; our regular 75c quality; Tuesday only t
\ each 48:.
j Curtain Ends — 200 Curtain Ends, all widths and
£ many ot them iuily 2 yards long; for odd windows, sash cur-
g tains and draperies; on special sale Tuesday only, each 20c to 50c.
• *
g ™ 4dol*rteii Ifcule Bazaar. "8
£ CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
Read My New Book
Free tO Man /-*^ s To Woman Free.
ly^l /^r^* II is fincly i llu3 ~
My new book fi^-f^Y '/ r= \\« trated and bristles
is a clear, out- \3b&*? M*?«-S$8 W ' th J^ 01 " 0 " 3 *
spoken r ssa 8 e. /tf^%WM 3&£££&
which should be XI' AV^T* i^>r^SK - m a d whi h
read by every /--b^9k .\rgrrr**'!?^ii/ / r7?"if^ conccrn your life.
man who needs ( "^sSIS^TTO^ii '''T^Wy our happiness.
fers pain. This "jl^jB&r^ Jtf l&aMg nerves and organs
book tells /^Sa2a^^^*^ i th^'W^ anfI live to a ripc
how to recover '^S^ ° ld a?C ' ThiS b °° !c
triumph • over the, people the
every- form oft * "" grandest of all
nervous weakness. It. guides you to treatments for Paralysis, Rheuma-
the means of true pleasure and sue- tism. Kidney Trouble and Nervous
cess in life, shows how to'acquire the Diseases. Women are restored after
energy and manliness which shalljyears of suffering. The pages of my
bear you through the world in a book, like white-handed Hope, tell
way worthy of the position you you of that power which cures your
fill. Call or write "and. learn how tojlost vitality, your racking pain. Call
be cured by my famous Electric Belt.'or write me and receive my book free
TYD 1/T 1 TUTnT' ITTnTTT T\T TOSM'arKet Street. Corner Kearny. San
IK v W A mlillA ItHIiIN Francisco, and. Corner Sprlijfl and
U 11. 111. n. lUUJJnUUJiillll,. . Second Streets. Lcs Angeles.A lodge of the Knights of Honor believes that the
time is ripe for reputable citizens to organize vigilance
committees in protection against night thieves.
Mayor Phelan ought to suggest that the gentlemen
join the Protective Order of Footpads, which his
policy has called into being.
It must have been with thoughts of the deepest
chagrin that Collis P. Huntington discovered that he
had overlooked that little bit of the California and Ne
vada Railroad which leads so readily into Oakland.
The old gentleman must have been absent-minded
when the road was in the market.
The Johannesburg shell factory, has resumed work.
That report that the Boers seemed to be fighting with
less spirit seems to have been a little premature. - ;
The Boers, it is announced, have decided not to
blow up the Johannesburg mines. They have prob
ably reached the conclusion that gold fights gold bet
ter than lead and that it is wise to have something
left- after the present struggle is over.
In a recent speech to a Kansas audience Bryan is
reported to have said: -'T am 'asked;' as often as once
a week whether I have abandoned, silver. To that- 1
answer no. But suppose I should abandon silver,
what difference would it make? I am not the people."
The truth of that statement is strong enough. to work
both ways. -What difference does' it make if Bryan
stick to silver? He is not the people.
The importance of Dillon's speech' is increased by
the fact that it was made at a meeting; which was ad
dressed also by John Redmond, the leader of the wine?
( of the Irish party which has so long been opposed
Replying to Salisbury's speech, John Dillon, for
merly chairman of the dominant faction of the Irish
members of Parliament, said in an address at Man
chester: "Irishmen can now see more clearly than
ever the work they have to undertake. That task
is to again make it inconvenient and dangerous to
withhold Irish rights. It is not by conciliation and
appeals to loyalty that the grievances of Ireland will
be remedied." Nor did he fail to point out the sig
nificance of the fact that it was just "at the very
moment after the chivalrous reception to the Queen
in Ireland, when an opportunity presented itself to
cement the feeling between the two countries, Lord
Salisbury has misrepresented Irish claims with a
cynical and brutal frankness, offering an absolute non
possumus to the reasonable demands of Ireland."
IRELAND'S REPLY TO SALISBURY.
r\ S might have been expected, Salisbury's speecii
l~~\ to the Primrose League has had the effect of
* *¦ exciting resentment among the Irish and
rousing their leaders to more earnest efforts to unite
all factions of the Irish people in a vigorous effort
to bring about a realization of the deeply cherished
desire for local self-government and home rule. In
that respect, therefore, the speech may result in
awakening the British themselves from their dream
of conciliating Ireland by soft words, and convincing
them that if there is to be peace between the two
countries Britain must concede to Ireland the just
demands of her people.
Last Thursday night Golden Gate and
Volunteer councils of the Order of Pendo
tendered a reception to the supreme ofi!
cers in the social hall of the Alcazar
building. There was a good attendance
of the membership i»nd friends and under
the direction of the committee of ar
rangements there was presented an in
teresting programme of entertainment,
the principal features being contributed
by H. L Bachelder. Miss Mabel Pfelffer.
A A Williams. Henry Abbott and Irene
Palmer There were instructive ad
dresses by Supreme Secretary Ernest
Duden Supreme Councilor A. P. Tujrwcll.
Supreme Vice Councilor G. K. Rogers and
W. t. Jones, chairman of the committee
of arrangements.
Order of Pendo.
NEW YORK. May 14.— George C. Hlg
glns of San Francisco ls at the Hoffman;
L. Barton and Charles Dewps of Loa
Angeles are at the Empire.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
The unfortunate fellow who was arrested the other
day and said that he would rather steal than starve
probably thinks that the reign of the footpad is one of
the institutions of new San Francisco established by
the grace of his Honor the Mayor.
The Explanation.
"Maria, Maria, why (puff, puff) can't
you (faugh!) let me buy my own Christ
mas cigars?" VI didn't buy any Christ
mas cigars for you this time. John. ¦¦ Those
are some of the cigars you bought to give
to your, friends last fall when you thought
you were a candidate for office."— Chicago
Tribune. -' ¦.
The Advantage , of Polygamy.
VI see," said the old statesman to Amos
Cummings,- "that you are having a fine
time over Brlgham H;. Roberts of Utah.
It reminds me .of ¦ what happened when
old • Bill Hooper came to : the House as a
delegate from Utah Territory. Farns
worth -of Illinois took a dash at him.
Among other things he asked him how
many wives . Brigham Young had. The
delegate grimly.; replied, 'He has enough
to let other people's wives alone.'" — Chi
cago Journal. ,
A Pair of Liars.
A good story Is going. the rounds of the
clubs* says "The Major" In « To-Day. , A
certain : very smart stock , broker was ap
pointed captain in one of the Irish militia
battalions; He was warned that the plaus
ible old soldiers of this -new company
would get the • better of him. ; He only
smiled. at. the idea. , Soon- after the. regi
ment :-• was ¦:* embodied , the J color-sergeant
qame -to his : captain's room with an old
soldier, who /wished to speak. to the officer
The man was admitted, and /explained
One Effect of the War.
His Wife— IX you can stop reading about
the Boer war-fora few minutes, I have
something to tell you about the cook. «
The Suburbanite — Yes? Is she gqing to
trek?— Puck.
'Tis Ever Thus.
Mrs. Henpeckke— Doctor, I need a tonic.
I am all run down. ,
Doctor— Let me see your tongue.
Mr. Henpeckke (sotto voce) — He won't
find much evidence of It there. — Philadel
phia Record. '
An Accommodating Neighbor.
Piano Tuner— I called to tune your
piano. ' . • '
I^ady— I did not send for you.
Piano Tuner— No. but the man next door
did.— Cornell Widow.
In the Dining Car.
He— Isn't It delightful to be dining to
gether without a chaperon?
She— I should say so! Marriage is cer
tainly a great economy.— Puck.
Ambitious.
"What I want." said the young appli
cant, "Is a chance to rise In the business."
"Very well. How would 5:30 a. m. suit
you?"— Harvard Lampoon.
Not Fitted for It.
Visitor— When you are grown up, will
vou ho a doctor, like your father?
' Hobby— Mercy, no! Why. I couldn't even
kill a rabbit.— Brooklyn Life.
The Difficult Thing.
Teacher — Now, boys, who can tell me
which is the most dlrficult thing to ac
quire In cycling?
Chorus of Yells— The bicycle, sir.— Tit-
Bits.
CHANCE TO SMILE.
Dr. F. R. Hovel of Arcata. one of the
most prominent physicians of Humboldt
Cdunty, is in this city. Dr. Hovel was
chosen as a delegate to the Republican
State Convention. .: "*
Edmund M. Burke. Mayor of Santa Bar
bara, arrived in this city yesterday and
is stopping at the Grand.
Cella Dyer. Mrs. Duff. W. C. Hayne.J.
Shirey and O. A. Cutter are at tho Occi
dental, en route to Nome.
A. B. Wood, the well-known mining
expert of Detroit, ls registered at the
Palace. ' ¦ "'
A. J. Sproule, a mining man of Denver,
en route to Nome, is stopping at-, the
Russ.
N. «6tet?on of New York, accompanied
by his wife and daughter, is at the Pal
ace.
Colonel N. J. Colton is registered at the
Palace.
Dr. Weldon of San Pedro la a guest at
the Grand.
B. F. Shepard Jr.. a druggist of Fresno,
is at the Grand.
Senator E. C. Voorheis and wife are
guesta at the Palace.
Dr. P. E. Doollttle of Toronto la: stop
ping at the Occidental. _ ¦ - '
Richard A. Parker, mining expert of
Boston, is at the Palace.
P. A. Stanton. a Los Angeles real es
tate man. Is at the Grand. ¦,
Fred Conn, the borax mining man of
Santa Ana, Is at the Russ.
PERSONAL MENTION.
FOUR-DOL.LAR PIECES— A. A. E.,
City. The coin dealers' catalogues do not
make any mention of the United States
four-dollar gold pieces that were issued
in 1879. Some few coins were struck off
as an experiment, but as they did not
meet with public favor they were with
drawn.
,A SOLE HEIR— R.. Denver, Colo. If a
man dies and loaves all his property to
his widow, technically, she not being the
executrix, would not have the right to
make a lease of property, but if she did
and the administrator did not file a pro
test it is possible that the court would
recognize the lease as binding.
BERENICE— E. E.. City. The name is
Berenice, a word of four syllables. Bere
nice was the sister-wife of - Ptolemy III,
who vowed to sacrifice her hair to the
gods if her husband returned home the
vanquisher of Asia. She suspended her
hair in the temple of the war god. but It
was stolen.the first night and Conon of
Samos told the King that the winds had
wafted it to heaven, where it still forma
the seven stars near the tail of Leo
called Coma Berenices.
COUNTING IN CASINO— J. J. p. city
If on the last deal In the game of ca«ino
cards are even and A has five points to
make and B has three points to make and
there has been no agreement between the
players that each shall count as he makes
a point, then the one who has soades
?n£ nt h VI' tOr A h % rule ls the count
mfiJ^ 11 . be: Cards : spades, big casino,
Ah 1 / 0 / 8 and sweeps. In a game
where A had five to go and B had three
to £ o u& 6 Car ? 3 wer i evcn and A h ad big
and little casino and two aces and B had
spades and two aces. B would win, as he
had the right to count first. • -,"-
w VI £ E PRESIDENT AND CABINET-
H. E. B., West Point, Cal. Since the
S^Frv 0 / V p Ce , Preslden t HobartTwnilam
S.rFpe. President pro tempore of the
Senate, has been acting as Vice Presi
dent. The members of President McKin-
£ y I*£ abln r et are: John Hay, Secretary
of State; Lyman J. Gage, Secretary of
|« p T»TO EHhu Root Secretary of
rh a /;i o J ° h 5 ! ?£ es Z' A «orney General;
Charles £,. Smith. Postmaster General:
£?£ n r^' L /J n^: Secretary of the Navy;
Ethan A. Hitchcock. Secretary of the In
terior, and James Wilson, Secretary of
Agriculture. . .
CENTVRY-Relatlve to the title "Cen
tvry" on a collection of Emerson's essays
a friend of this department sends this ex
planatlon: "The word 'Centvry'. seems a
bold private coinage, as yet unrecognized
at the mint, where pure and sterling Eng
lish Is dispensed and circulated. With
great diffidence I would suggest that tho
Latin word 'cento* may suggest the deri
vation. The word means patchwork, and
would be to some slight degree appropri
ate to Mr. Emerson's diffuse and desul
tory style, as also to. the miscellaneous
subjects of his essays." The Interna
tional Dictionary gives the following defi
nition of ."cento": A garment of several
pieces sewed together; patchwork; a poem
made up of various verses of another
poem.
DEFACING COIN— A. 15.. Michigan
Bluff, Cal. There is a law against defac
ing United States coin— that is, if it is the
intention to pass such coin as current—
but there is no law to prevent a person
from melting into a solid ingot or any
number of ingots all the coin he has.
A DIVORCE— Subscriber. Monterey.
Cal. If a person divorced in California
should go to the State of Oregon to get
married shortly after obtaining the di
vorce and the marriage is valid In that
State it will be recognized as valid in this
State.
City. A .United States quarter of a dollar
with arrows at the date does not com
mand a premium. One without arrows
commands a premium of $1 75 to $2 75.
PENSION AGENCY— A. S.. Wheatland,
Cal. There is a United States Pension
Agency in Washington, D. C Sidney L.
Wilson is the pension agent and Allan
Bussius the chief clerk.
A QUARTER WITH ARROWS-H. M.,
ONLY WAY— S. S., City. This corre
spondent wants to know the name of the
author of a play called "Only Way." Can
any reader of this department give the in
formation?
• McKINLEY'S FATHER-M. N.. City.
For. answer about McKlnley's father see
Answers to" Correspondents Sunday, May
6, 1900.
ANNIE MOONEY— J. G., City. Annie
Mooney was abducted from Belmont, San
Mateo County. July 15, 1SS3.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
To send up a lot of disjointed and discordant
declarations from the State convention will darken
counsel rather than illuminate it, and California will
gain a reputation for political wisdom by avoiding
such action.
We submit, then, that all declarations of policy
upon the new issues vhich have arisen since 1896 be
left to the wisdom, foresight and experience which
will represent the party at Philadelphia.
We have before us the interesting task of finally de
feating and destroying Bryanism in the politics of this
republic. Its reactionary threat is a disturbing factor
that menaces every laborer's wages and every busi
ness man's financial stability. The country looks to
the Republican party to meet, defeat and forever de
stroy that threat. It looks to the Republican party
to inflict such impressive punishment upon that sort
of politics as to forever admonish politicians that op
position to all that i«. and building a national policy
on the disease rather than on the health of the coun
try, cannot succeed.
To ndminister this lesson the Republican party re
ci-ires unity of action and all its strength. It can
thereby attract the krge independent vote of the
country, which shuns mere destruction, and believes
in a wholesome constructive policy. This large in
dependent vote sometimes snubs the poll entirely,
even in Presidential years. But when its conscience is
appealed to it becomes the active ally of the party
which makes that appeal.
The State convention can find pleasant duty enough
in calling attention to the beneficent results which
have followed the impiession of the national platform
of 1896 upon n-ition.il affairs, and there is no neces
sity for going into a discussion of policies that are in
embryo, and will receive tentative treatment only by
the National Convention itself. "
The Republicanism. of the administration ought to
be good enough for any Californian, as the prosper
ity that followed that administration has been good
enough for the people of the whole country.
By putting the California Republicans at odds with
the National Convention we can easily introduce dis
cords in the local organization which will cause it to
enter the campaign iii a divided and weakened con
dition.
There is enough for the State convention to do
without attempting to fetter its delegation and put
the party in the State in a false position of antag
onism to the national organization. We had enough
of this four years ago to warn sensible men against
a repetition now. To dogmatize about the status of
the people and territory of our external possessions
kJB be the poorest policy, as the dogmatic declara
tions were in 1896. It will be raising an issue to ob
scure the presentation of domestic policies of the
highest importance, because they concern the welfare
of all our people.
THE Republican State Convention has before it
a plain and serious duty. It will make the dele
gation to the National Convention, and will
perfect the organization which is to conduct the cam
paign. The delegation will simply carry out the con
vention's indorsement of the administration by join
ing in the rcnomination of President McKinley. It
»ili also join the rest of the party of the Union in
making the platform a plain summary ot* the results
of Republican rule and a reasonable declaration of the
principles upon which the party will administer the
Government for another four years. When the
National Convention has done this the party will
clign to its action and go into battle.
THE STATE CONVENTION.
John W. Clawson is at work upon a
portrait of Colonel Trumbo. The striking
portrait of Miss Hadenfeldt. which cre
ated so much attention at the Bohemian
Club is still to be seen in his studio.
"It is not generally known." said Pro
fessor W. D. Armes, "that the facilities
In San Francisco for making collections of
Japanese prints are uneaualed." The
professor himself has a fine collection of
these prints, containing specimens of the
work of Utamaro, Ilaronobo, Hokusal.
Hlroshigo. Shunsen, Yeizan, Toyokuni
and all the more famous representatives
of perhaps the most essentially artistic
nation In the world.
ART AND ARTISTS
Marius Dahlgren, the artist who played
such a prominent part in the recent real
life drama of the trustful painter and the
wicked auctioneer, wherein the latter de
materialized with Mr. Dahlgren's round
trip fare to Nome, sailed yesterday on the
Aloha for those icy regions. Mr. Dahl
gren goes mining with the S. S. S. Com
pany, a camp of six friends, and intends
to make Cape York his headquarters. He
will stay a year.
Joseph D. Greenbaum has nearly'com
pleted a large study of the nude, a com
mission from a Nome merchant, which
will iind its way north about the end of.
this month. Nome as an art center pre
sents itself in a new light and the atten
tion of the unemployed artist" is directed
thitherward. :
Charles liollo Peters, painter of moon
light, mystery and Monterey, is fast win
ning recognition in New York. He has
sold a number of pictures recently and his
fine studio on Thirty-fourth street is be
coming well known among art patrons.
Another Californian winning fame
abroad, but this time in Paris, is Miss
Sara Senter Whitney of Oakland, whose
exceptional talent secured her an entrance
into the studio of Rodin. By the kindness
of Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst she will spend
another year with the famous sculptor,
and it is predicted that the work of this
charming California girl will have inter
national place at no far distant date.
Boardman M. Robinson, the young Paris
ian portrait painter to whom Miss Av nit
ney is engaged, is now in San Francisco
and will make a stay of some months
among us.
Mtss Evelyn McCormick has gone to
Monterey for her summer study of the
country and will not return to the city
for some months.
that he had heard from his wife, who was
111 and— "if you plaze. sor, can I have for
ty-eight hours' lave?"
"You say you have heard from your
wife." said the captain, smelling a rat
and beginning to turn up some Imaginary
correspondence on his table.
"I have, sor."
"Ah!" replied the officer. "I have heard
from her, too, and she asks me not to give
you leave, for you only go home to get
drunk and break the furniture."
"She wrote that, sor?"
"Yes."
"And does that mean, sor, that I can t
have my lave?"
"It does."
The man saluted and went to the door,
then turning suddenly round he said, "If
you plaze. sor. may I say something confi
dential between man and man?'
"Well, what is It?" answered the cap
tain.
"Why, sor. under this roof are two of
the most eeligant liars that the Lord ever
made — I'm not a married man."
"I see," remarked the observant board
er, "that meals are to be served in Chi
capo street cars." ,;
"When," asked hia neighbor, "will
sleeping cars be put on the Philadelphia
street railways?''— Flttsburg Chronicle
Telegraph.
Great Improvements.
A story -Illustrating the reticence of the
Scots is credited to Ian Maclaren. A
train was at a station, when a porter put
his head into a carriage and called out
"Any one for Doun? Change for Doun
Any one for Doun?" 'No one moved, and
in a few minutes the train was speeding
along, not to stop again for nearly an
hour. Then an old Scotswoman turned to
a lady sitting near her and said: I^m
for Doun, but I'd not tell that man so.
She Wouldn't Tell Him.
Thus the bill is to benefit not one class but all
classes of Americans. It is estimated we are now
paying over $200,000,000 annually to foreigners to
carry our commerce for us. In 1898 we carried only
about 8 per cent of our own imports and exports.
Such a policy is wasteful and foolish, and it is cer
tainly time to put an end to it.
Against that charge may be put the statement of
ex-Senator Edmunds, that the bill provides "for. the
systematic* payment limited to a definite period of
time, of a sufficient compensation, and only a suffi
cient one, to American vessels sailing to and from
foreign ports in order to enable them to perform the
voyage with a. fairly full cargo of American produc
tions, and return with a fairly full cargo of imports.
Without these cargoes the ship-owners could not af
ford to make the v'03'ages and thus get the compensa
tion. The effect, therefore, would be to help carry
American cargoes in American ships to every foreign
port where such cargoes could possibly be disposed
of, and thus open American trade in ports where
American vessels are now almost never seen."
By way of specific objection to the bill before the
House the minority report says: "Such a large
amount of subsidy practically put at the disposal of
the few who benefit by this bill cannot but tend to
unite, even more closely than now, the great ship
building, ship-owning and railroad interests cou
oerned in this measure. By the time these few interests
bring in their foreign-owned ships and get their ships
now being built into the subsidy race the $0,000,000
limit will undoubtedly be reached. Hence, it will be
to their interest to combine to stop competition and
to prevent their subsidy rates and profits from declin
ing. We believe that such a combination would be
completed soon after the passage of this bill."
The record of the German merchant marine is even
more striking. In 1885 there was hardly an impor
tant shipyard in Germany: all the large steamship;
of that country were built in Great Britain. A policy
of governmental promotion of the shipping interests
of the empire was established by Bismarck, with the
result that the expansion not only of German ship
ping and shipbuilding, but of German commerce
and German manufacturing for export, has become
one of the marvels of recent years. Within the com
paratively short time since the inauguration of the
Bismarck policy the, merchant marine of Germany
has increased 693 per cent. Germany now builds her
own ships, instead of buying them from Great Brit
ain, and through the advantages the subsidized lines
offer to German merchants and manufacturers, Ger
many has become a close rival of the British in every
market in the world.- "
In refutation of that statement the experience of
every commercial nation in the world can be cited.
Official statistics recently compiled by E. T. Cham
berlain, United States Commissioner of Navigation,
show that in 1873 Japan's steam tonnage was so small
it was classed with •'scattering" in the shipping lists
of the world, but now Japan has taken seventh rank
among the nations with respect to merchant marine.
The present subsidy legislation of that country con
templates a possible expenditure of $5,000,000 an
nually, and under its operation the shipping interests
of the country have grown to such an extent that the
tonnage of Japanese steamships clearing from the
United States for Asia in 1898 was greater than the
corresponding American tonnage, and it is, moreover,
noted that her ship-building industry has so far de
veloped that Japan has become, one of the seven na
tions of the world that' can build steelsteamships of
6000 tons. . . , , . ,.
A striking example of the misstatements of the re
port is to be found in the declaration: "It cannot be
shown, from the history of subsidies, tha*t they ever
materially lowered freight rates or increased the com
merce of the countries granting them. Trade condi
tions, and not trade theories, fix the rates which ship
pers will pay and which ship-owners can get. Neither
does the history of subsidies show that any country
has ever built up its merchant marine in this way."
WITH the report of the Democratic minority of
the House Committee on Merchant Marine
and Fisheries, the public has been presented
with a summary of all the objections which the oppo
nents of our merchant marine can offer to the policy
of governmental promotion of our shipping interests,
and to the billnow before Congress. The objections
are of many kinds and include false statements of facts
and erroneous conclusions from facts which are un
disputed.
THE MERCHANT MARINE BILL.
The American Institute of Music in New York pro
poses to raise $2,ooo,oco to erect a great edifice con
taining a hall capable of seating 8000" people, for the
purpose of holding choral and orchestral concerts;
but, while the scheme is a good one, it would be bet
ter to have a number of small auditoriums. When
music gets to be so loud as would be required to fill
a hall of that kind it will cease to be a fine art and
become something of a hippodrome.
After the worry apd drudgery of busi
ness a game of chess Is a relief and re
laxation to the mind. I regard It as a
great preventive of insanity. Scores of
men have their minds wrecked by the
anxieties of business life. Business re
quires concentration of attention and in
tense thought. The result of a false move
In business may be ruin or serious loss.
What better method of mental recupera
tion than a game of chess with a friend.
But there Is no doubt that some of the
chess experts go too far. For instance,
last week in Philadelphia, just before he
sailed for Europe, Pillsbury played blind
folded against twenty tables at the same
time. He won fourteen, drew five and lost
only one game. Such a feat must be an
unendurable tax upon the mind If pro
longed, but Pillsbury declares that he
feels no evil effects.
My opinion is that when a man plays
three or four hours !n an evening ana
goes home and dreams about knights ana
castles and pawns prancing around on the
ceiling it is time for him to stop.
The exercise of any human faculty
tends to develop It, if other faculties are
not neglected. Many a young man has
lost his health and strength by too much
athletics. In all things moderation should
be the maxim. It was Addison who wisely
said: "I think it a cardinal rule of lire
not to be too much addicted toanyone
thing." W. M. DE \ISSER.
lums? Do not journalism and every
other profession contribute more patients
to such Institutions than chess?
{HAVE met Steinitz and watched him
play, and am convinced that there is
some other reason for his insanity
than his chess playing.
Is it chess playing that fills our asy-
1 KNEW Munkacsy very well, and the
news of his insanity was a great sur
prise to me. His was a very marked
• personality in art. He Impressed every
one who met him with his strong per
sonality. ¦: He was a man of fine physique
and a tireless -worker.
Born a Hungarian, his real name was
Michael Loeb. He took his art name from
Munkacs. the little village in which he
was born— a very common habit among
European artists.
His first and perhaps his greatest pic
ture was # "The Last Day of the Con
demned," and it is pleasant to know that
it was an American who enabled him to
complete the' picture. He was living at
the time in a garret in the city of Dussel
dorf, when he was brought to the notice
of John R. Hay of Baltimore. '¦
Mr. Hay • found Munkacsy penniless,
wrapped in a shabby ulster, and working
at- his great picture without either food
or fuel in the room. He at once lent the
artist money, and when the picture was
finished it was bought and sent to Paris,
where it secured for him both fame and
fortune.
He made his home in Paris and his
studio became one of the sights of the
city.
Munkacsy'a madness must have had
some unknown origin. In his youth he
was a cabinet maker, and it is said that
when confined in the asylum. he returned
to his early trade. His skill as an artist
entirely deserted him. This would Indi
cate that the cause of his insanity was
not his art, but perhaps some physical de
fect- of the brain. \
It rarely occurs that a painter finds his
way to a madhouse. Our profession Im
poses a- tremendous strain sometimes in
the effort to attain a result, but it is a
stimulating rather than a depressing
strain. The greater the genius the great
er the madness is a common saying. But
the artistic temperament permits larger
scope for individuality than almost any
other. If Mr. "Whistler, for instance, were
anything but an artist, I presume he
would have been locked up long ago. He
is not in the slightest degree insane, but
his scorn of conventionality would In any
other calling have persuaded people that
he was out of his mind.
There is nothing in the study of art
that tends to create derangement of the
mind. Our calling tranquillizes the brain.
The variety of interests, .themes and
studies which a painter commonly enjoys
does not permit the mind to become in
tense in any one line. Painting should
produce an- even balance and poise of
mind— the very reverse of insanity.
WILLIAM M. CHASE.
TUESDAY MAY 15. 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor
/ddress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
TtULICATIOX OFFICE.. Mnrket and Third. S. F.
Telephone Malm 1S0S.
r:ilTOn!AL ROOMS.... 717 to 221 Stevenson St.
THrpbone Mala XH74.
ntllrered hr Cnrrtera. 15 Onf« Per WeelG
, Strip!*" Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* br Mall. Including Poataget
Dl-Jtit CAL<L> {Including Sunday), oca year Sd.nn
Da:i.T CALL, (Including Sander). * months X.OO
r-AILT CALL, Occluding Eunday), 8 xaooths l.M
DAILT CALL— By Single Month C*c
H.NDAY CALL One Year l.BO
WtfcKLT CALL On* Tear 100
All soitmaiten are author-Iced to recelre .
• obBcrlpttuns.
Caicp!* copies will *» rorwaM<c«i when requerted-
UtKU.M) OFFICE ....111S Broadn-ay
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..
fk'tnager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
(Lcnc Distance Telephone "Central 2O9.">
NEW YORK COKKESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
KTTW TORJw itKi-UKSENTATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDS:
Ffcei-irtn House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
I •' u act House; Auditorium Hotel.
ICEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
***Morf- Astoria Hotel; A. Urentano. >1 Union Square:
Kerrey Hill Hotel
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
URA.XCII OFFICES — 111 Mcntccmery. corner cf Clay, open
ur.lil .-.30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, oven until S:30 o'clock. 63}
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock.' 615 Larkin, open untii
S 2& oVlock. JSH1 Mission. or*-n until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market. ;
("rnrr Sixteenth, or>en until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open '
EaXU 9 o'clock. JOC Eleventh, cren until S o'clock. JCW. cor
ner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
5TEINITZ
MUNKACSY
iWS.M.CHAse., famous Artist
Why Do Men of Genius
Become Insane?
The Board of Supervisors officially in
dorsed yesterday the resolutions adopted
recently by the Academy of Sciences look
ing to the preservation of the redwood
forest known as the "Big Basin" country,
situated in the counties of San Mateo and
Santa Cruz. Preliminary steps were taken
at a meeting held May 1 at Stanford
¦University to acquire the lands upon
which this forest is growing for a national
park. The Supervisors adopted resolutions
which recite that the forest tract is with
in thirty miles of San Francisco, em
braces an area of about thirty-five thou
sand acres, covering the watershed from
which flows the San Lorenzo River, the
Pescadero. Pompon'o, Butano. Gazos,
White House. New Years. Waddel. Scot's.
BJp. Mill. San Vicente and Boulder creeks
and numerous other mountain streams
and Is the finest body of redwood timber
in the world,- many of the trees exceed
ing sixty feet in circumference. Sawmills
have already commenced cutting thi*
forest Into timber products. "The-Super
visors appreciate the importance of urg
ing immediate action in the premises and
indorse the resolutions adopted by the
California Academy of Sciences.
Adopted by Academy of Sciences.
TO SAVE THE REDWOODS.
The Supervisors Indorse: Resolutions
The chief object of the work of the
Agricultural Department in the field.
Professor Mead said, would be to ascer
tain a way by which the water supply &f
the State could be systematically utilized
and also to determine the amount of
water tha' can be stored. A conference
with the Water and Forest Association's
executive committee will take place to
morrow. "V
The work south of Tehachapl. Professor
Mead said, would all be done by the Gov
ernment.without assistance, but the worU
north of Tehachapl will be with the co
operation of the California Water and
Forest Association. The work will be
pushed as rapidly as possible in order that
the reports may be ready for the next
session of the California Legislature and
also for Congress at its next session.
Mr. Mead arrived in the city yesterday
and at once conferred with officers of tho
"Water and Forest Association. In an in
terview he said the tield work about to
begin would be under his special super
vision and that he would have eight
sistants, as follows: In the study of the
Yuba River, Marsden Manson; Kin&a
River. C. K. Grunsky: San Joaquin River.
Professor Frank Soule of the State Uni
versity; Salinas River. Professor C. U.
Marx of Stanford University; Susan
River and the Honey Lake country. Pro
fessor J. M. Wilson of Nevada and W. i&
Smythe of Susanville. Irrigation from
storage reservoirs in the Sweetwater
River district in Southern California— J.
B. Schuyler of Loa Angeles; storage
water rights on the Los Angeles River,
Edward M. Boggs. <
The Department of Agriculture, throus'n
Elwood Mead. Its irrigation expert, will
to-day sign a contract with the California
Water and Forest Association for the- be
ginning of an investigation of the water
supply, water rights, duty of water, etc..
on the various' rivers of the State north
of the Tehachapl Pass. By the e,nd of
August, if present expectations fire ful
filled, reports will be ready to Me that
will throw a flood of light on this matter,
which is of such great Importance to the
State. These reports will also serve as
the basis of proposed amendments to the
present laws bearing on water rights.
Will Sign a Contract To-Day for an
Investigation of the Flood Water
Resources of the
State.
Expert From Agricultural
Department Arrives to
Begin Work.
MEAD IS AFTER
VAGRANT WATERS
FROM TIE HILLS
The time is approaching for a general election in
Great Britain. It is believed that if Roberts achieves
a sufficient success in South Africa to redeem the
reputation of the Ministry Salisbury will adjourn
Parliament this summer. That will enable the Irish
leaders and their friends among the British to bring
the question of justice 'to" Ireland- once more fairly
before the people. It is therefore fortunate that the
speech of the Prime. Minister has directed public at
tention to the issue and confirmed the union of the
Irish. Ireland stands a much better chance to win
now than before Salisbury made his speech. To
that extent the brutal frankness of the Prime Minis
ter has been a benefit to those heintended to injure.
to that of Dillon. The appearance of the two leaders
on the same platform confirms the reports of the
substantial harmony which now. prevails in the Irish
party. The old faction fights which followed the fall
of Parnell appear to have been satisfactorily closed,
and once more Ireland presents" a united front to her
opponents. Redmond himself is reported as saying
the meeting marks the close of a disastrous chapter
in Irish history, and that the fact that for the first
time in a decade he stood on the same platform with
Dillon proves the genuineness of the reunion.
Every hour now 500 people die of starvation -in
India. Every day twelve -thousand gaunt and flesh
less human beings give up the ghost for want of food.
The world cannot remain indifferent to the awful
scene.
The clergy of California, having at hand the or
ganization of their congregations as the means of
working, have made an appeal to the people. There
are in the "United States about 200,000 churches. Each
is an institution, an organization. It is fit and proper
that these should be used in relief of India. Let
every citizen who can spare from his substance even
the smallest amount give it through the relief com
mittee of one of these churches. Ten dollars from
each church in this country would amount to two
millions of dollars. The average should be a hundred
for each church. The organization made by the
American clergy can promptly transmit funds by
cable as fast as accumulated, and within forty-eight
hours after the money is given here it will be saving
life in far India. The Call suggests to the clergy that
by common action they appoint a Sunday for this
contribution to be specially made.
In the United States, so abundantly blessed with
rich resources, it is estimated that we waste every day
as much food as we consume. Every day enough to
feed nearly eighty miliions of Hindoos goes into the
slop barrel in this country. If. by attention to house
hold economy, our people would save what they now
pay for food that is not consumed, but wasted, that
saving would carry the whole suffering population of
India to the next harvest, and would not be at all felt
by our own people.
It would seem that the British Government has also
an inefficient estimate of its responsibility. It has had
the power to abolish Juggernaut and the Suttee. It
has invaded th'us far the religious customs of the peo
ple, rooted in their ancient superstitions, and it has
done this as a concession to the sentiments of West
ern civilization. Why has it not extended its paternal
power into the more material concerns of the people,
to secure their physical welfare? Having the power,
it should have the disposition to take the ryot in
hand and train him in the ways of self-support. It
has done this with the Egyptian fellah, who has had
his landmarks fixed, his property rights secured, his
share of the fruitful overflow of the Nile guaranteed,
and his rights as a producer protected. The result
is that the people of the Valley of the Nile have been
lifted above the pressing want that is the specter of
India. England has done this in Egypt, not as the
master of Egyptian sovereignty, but as the adviser
and administrator of the government of the Khedive.
It she could do this subordinate to the actual sove
reignty, why can she not do it, and more, as the un
disputed ruler of India? The world cannot wait for
the awakening of the British empire to a higher
sense of its duty to India. Millions of human crea
tures are starving. It is said, and we believe wisely,
that the sending of wheat and corn to India is but
little relief. There is plenty of food there, stored by
heartless owners in the godowns all over the stricken
districts. What the people want is money to buy
this food. Funds can be telegraphed to the relief com
mittees right in the midst of the suffering. It is said
by authority that each life may be sustained for the
small sum of two cents a day. One dollar will save
a life for two months. Two dollars will save a life
until harvest. Five dollars will carry a man, wife and
child until the next crop is gathered. Fifty dollars
will carry five families for that period, and a hundred
dollars will save a small village.
NO other famine, ancient or modern, has involved
as many millions of people as are now starving'
in India. More than eighty millions are in dis
tress. That means that a greater population than that
of the United States is starving. The 'reports prove
that there is enough food stored in India to feed them
all and carry them to the harvest. The drought has
so impoverished them that they have no money with
which to buy food. Great Britain's relief system has
so far reached 6nly about five millions of the number,
and seventy-five millions are without succor. Civili
zation is justly appalled by the spectacle. The horror
has its primary cause in the failure of the monsoon
and absence of the rain it brings, but this would not
produce the great disaster that is upon India, except
for the inefficient industrial organization and the peo
ple's lack of foresight. The ryots resemble the liber
ated serfs of Russia in their incapacity to take care of
themselves. In the good years they store nothing for
the bad years. They incumber the land they control
and are reckless of the future in all their industrial
operations. Their careless methods are of course
taken advantage of by the money lenders and usurers,
and when famine comes they are entirely without ac
cumulated resources. In that land there seems to be
less regard for the wants of humanity than elsewhere.
The native factors and money lenders do not seem 10
feel any responsiblity for the people when distress
conies. They have gathered to themselves the sub
stance of the fat years, and are callous to the necessi
ties of their victims when the lean years come to de
stroy them.
THE INDIAN FAMINE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,: MAY 15, 1900.
6
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib atTownsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by , tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main. 1012. . •
Confused.
Excited Lody (at the telephone)—! want
my husband, pleaae, at once.
Voice (from the exchange)— Number,
please?
Excited Lady (snappishly)— Only the
fourth, you impudent thing!— Exchange.
Finer and Faster Than Ever.
Beginninc May 13 th« "OVERLAND LIM-
ITED." the Union Pacific's splendid OH-hoar
"fiyer" to Chicago, will leave San Francisco
daily at 10 a. m. instead of 8:30. Tha FAST
MAIL will leave dally at 8 p. m. instead of
e:30. with through Pullman and tourist sleepers
for Chicago. Perfect dining car service on both
trains. D. W. Hitchcock. General Asent. X
Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
., The beat liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver tils, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
AH lovers of the delicacies of tha table u«*
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters to secure a foot
digestion. r, ¦ ,
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. Louderhaok— Thin day. at II a. m. and S p. m..
Persia K'.iks. at corner Oeary and Stockton streete.
By Chase & Mendenhall— This day, at 1 o'clock. High-class
Horses, at 1732 ilarkei street.
Hon-esi— This day. at II a. m., at U17 Mirslon street.
By Emil Cchn— This day. at 11 o'clock. Furniture.
ColnrBbia— "The Evil Eye."
Tlvo!l- << The Wizard of the Nile."
Grand Opcra-hou^e — "The Lady Slavey."
A!c::r.ar— "Malrter of Wood narrow."
California— "An American Cltlxen."
Or;ih*-um- Vandevill*.
Olvrapia. corner llascn and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Ohutrs, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenlr.s.
Fischer's Concert House — "Faust."
Kap;. Company Concert Hall — Vaudeville.
AJttUSEMENTS.Pioneer Council's Ladies' Night
Th« seventeenth annual reception and
ladies' night of Pioneer Council No. 1 of
the Touug Men's Institute will take pl'aoe
be held from June 18 to July 7 in every
city in the United States having a local
board of examiners. The following are,
the positions and salaries:
Draughtsman, marine engines, in the
Bureau of Steam En^lneerin?. Navy De
partment, salary II 4W per annum; junior
civil engineer at New Orleans, {125 per
month; assistant, section of illustrations,
Department of Agriculture, 5720 per an
num; public document indexer and cata
loguer. In the Government printing' ser
vice, three vacancies. $3 per diem each:
draughtsman, marine engines and machin
ery, at Wevmouth, Massachusetts, $4 per
diem, mechanical draughtsman, at League
Island N'aw Yard. U per diem; second
class draughtsman. Mare Island Navy
Tard. $4 56 per diem; draughtsman In
charge, Portsmouth, N. H. t Navy Tard,
$6 per diem; assistant Fhlp draughtsman,
Crescent Ship Yard. Elizabeth City, New
Jersey. U per diem; second-class ship
draughtsman, at Norfolk. J4 per diem. Age
limit in all cases, twenty years. Persons
desiring to compete should apply to the
United States Civil Service Commission.
Washington, D. C, for application forms
304 and 376, which should be properly
filled and sent to the commission.
Salaries From Four to Six Dollars
Per Diem Offered by the Gov
ernment.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that examinations will
SEVERAL CHANCES OPEN
FOR LIFE POSITIONS
The Boston-South Dakota Gold Mining
Company has applied to the United States
Circuit Court for an injunction, pendente
lite, against the Big Gun Mining Company,
Alfred EMxon and others. It is alleged that
the Big Gun Company has diverted the
waters of Volcano Creek in Placer Coun
ty and therefore deprived the complainant
of the use of it.
Suit for Mining Water.
Nulty.
Unwritten work — J. Falconer, P. S. G. C C :
Mrs. U. I- Gale, J. J. Roberts.
The committee on laws and supervision
presented a few amendments, which will
be acted upon at another session. A large
portion of the day was taken up in the
discussion of the written and unwritten
work.
l>ast evening the officers and delegates
formed a theater party, visiting the Grand
Opera-house.
Mesdames Cervelll, Ash and Miller, who
had announced themselves as candidates
for the office of supreme grand chief com
panion, withdrew their names, so the field
Is left clear to the incumbent. Mesdames
Miller. Eiebert and Ash will bo in the con
test for eubchlef. Mrs. Howard Is an
nounced as a candidate for left guide,
Mrs. Valenti for berald. Minnie Agher,
Alice Follet and M. Boehm for auditors,
Mrs. Bennett for treasurer and Mrs. Flor
ence N. Morrow, the incumbent, for sec
retary.
Valtntl and Olive Brown.
State of the order— J. J. Roberts. Mrs. A.
B'j^hm. Mrs. P. A. Kolloett.
Mlleare— Miss I>aisle Falconer. Mrs. J. C
Patterson. J. R. Sand.
Distribution— Mrs. L.. L. Gale, Mrs. 1* Oli
ver. Mrs. M. Slebert.
Finance— Mrs. H. Meyers, Mrs. Kate How
ard. Mrs. Lizzie Pritchard.
Prei»— M. Boehm, P. S. Q. C. C. ; Mrs. M.
I>9pez, Mrs. F. E. Jonas.
Entertainment— John Falconer. M. Boehm.
Mrs. Phelps, Mrs. Minnie Asher. P. F. Mc-
Credentials— Mrs. L. Scheuren, Mrs. M. J.
greatest cause of Ill-feeling and dissension
within our gates. During the past year I hav«
taken great pleasure in officially frowning: upon
t.i who attempt to Indulge In eucb pastime,
and fondly hope that nothing In the Compan
ions of the Forest will be said in the absence
of a Companion except that which is good. If
evil has to l»- epoken let it be eooken face to
face, before the proper committee.
The presiding officer then named the
following committees:
Tne Chief Officer Has Something to j
Say on the Evils of
UOSSlp.
The Supreme Grand Circle of the Com
panions of the Forest, A. O. F., for the
current year opened yesterday morning
in the Foresters' building with forty-five
efflcers and delegates present.
Mrs. M. E. Falconer, supreme grand
chief companion, called the meeting to or
der and presented her address This shows
that during the year live circles in poor
condition surrendered their charters and
two consolidated with others. Nine new
circ^ee were instituted during that period,
tnd the membership had a net gain of 361.
The aggregate membership now is 2083,
with |7blO in the treasury. On the subject
of too much talking' by members of the
order that officer says: *
y.y exDerlence as a Companion, as well as
an officer, teaches me that "zossip" is the
COMPANIONS OF FOREST
IN SUPREME SESSION
Niels Iverson and others, proprietors of
the schooner Ocean Spray, filed a petition
yesterday in the United States District
Court to limit the liability of the vessel
i in the suit brought against It In the Su
! perior Court by William Silveira for $5000
! damages for Injuries received In an accl
! dent on board. The petitioners allege that
1 the value of the schooner at the time was
I not more than $750. They ask that the
liability be scaled down to that sum.
To Limit Liability.
Former University of California Stu
dents Will Hold a Reunion
To-Day.
The Alumni Association, dental depart
ment of the University of California, will
observe to-day as alumni day. The morn
ing hours will be devoted to clinics, dem
onstrations, exhibits, etc.. about twenty
five clinicians having promised to be pres
ent and demonstrate something new and
valuable to the association. The afternoon
will be devoted to addresses, papers and
discussions, and several valuable papers
will be read by graduates and professors
of the dental department.
In the evening the faculty and alumni
co-operating will tender the graduating
class a banquet In Maple Hall. Palace Ho
tel. Every endeavor Is being made to
make this occasion an ' exceptional re
union. It will be entirely Invitational.
The alumni of the dental department of
the University of California is the largest
dental organization west of the Missis
sippi River, and a large company is ex
pected to enjoy alumni day. Wednesday,
May 16, Is commencement day, and the
graduating exercises will be held at
Berkeley, after which the professors, in
structors and alumni will take luncheon
wun Mrs. Hearst at Hearst Hall.
DENTAL GRADUATES TO
OBSERVE ALUMNI DAY
in Assembly Hall of the Pioneer building
on the night of May 17. This function,
while complimentary, is strictly invita
tional. Dancing will commence at half
past S o'clock, and between dances vocal
selections will be rendered. During the
evening icecream and lemonade will be
served to the guests and members In the
banquet hall.
WILL FIGHT THE
FRESNO CASE TO
THE BITTER END
Railroad Commissioners In
struct Attorney Gen
eral to Act.
Courts Will Decide Whether or Not
th.e Southern Pacific llust Obey
th.e Action of the State
Board. *
>
Within a few days the Fresno rate case
will be in; the courts and then — well, time
alone will tell what the final outcome will
be. The Railroad Commissioners at their :
regular "meeting yesterday afternoon i
nassed a resolution authorizing and direct
ing Attorney General Ford to take the
necessary steps to compel the Southern
Pacific Company to restore the $3 75 rate
from San Francisco to Fresno and he will
prepare legal papers to-morrow to ac
complish that result.
When the meeting was called only Com
missioners Edson and Laumelster were
present, Blackstock having gone East on
Saturday to attend the Milwaukee con
ference. After a reading of the minutes
the following resolution was Introduced
and Immediately adopted:
Resolved, That the Attorney General b« and
he is hereby authorized and Instructed to take
such proceedings as be may be advised are
necessary to compel the obedience by the
Southern Pacific Company to the order of this
board made on the 7th day of May, 1900. In the
case of Moore vs. the Southern Faciflc Com
pany. , \
Late in the afternoon Attorney General
Ford received a copy of the order and he
at once began work on the case. One of
two courses is left open to him. he says
—to petition for a writ of mandate or to
petition for a writ of injunction. The for
mer course is positive in character and
will probably be followed by the Attor
ney General in this case. By the issuance
of a writ of mandate the railroad com
pany would be compelled to restore the
53 75 passenger rate. Injunction proceed
ings are negative in character, but more
efficacious and speedy. If the writ is pe
titioned for the application to the courts
will be to enjoin the railroad company
from charging more 'khan J3 75 for the
ticket.
The Southern Paclfic^aw department
will fight the case, cUThning that the $3 75
reduction from the old rate of $5 90 was
not a reduction **o meet competition, but
special— something in the nature of what
E. O. McCormick, general passenger
agent, calls a commutation of rights be
tween the railroad company and the pas
senger. He claims that all the time the
$3 "5 tickets were being offered to the pub
lic the $5 90 were also on sale. The re
duced rate.' ticket allowed no stop-over
privileges. This is the contention of the
Southern Pacific. The Commissioners re
fused to accept this shrewd technical con
struction of the reduction and now It will
remain for the courts to settle the mud
dle.
Florence Gordon was held to answer
yesterday* before the Superior Court by
Judge Cabaniss on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. She attacked Mrs.
Amelia Beckerhaus, 127 Turk street, on
May 7 with a knife during a neighbor's
quarrel.
Woman Held for Assault.
Henry Kusfeld. Ill Valparaiso street,
who stole Iron hydrant coverings to buy
food for his sick wife and starving
babes and was arrested for petty larceny,
was given his liberty yesterday by Judge
Mogan. The German Benevolent Society
has procured him a job as,a laborer.
Kusfeld Gets a Job.
Henry Spellman denies that he commit
ted suicide by asphyxiation last Saturday
night or at any other time or in any way
whatever. As Mr. Spellman Is very much
alive and kicking the inference is natural
that he Is not the one mentioned as hav
ing passed into the other world. The man
who died was William Klinge, 61 years
old. The Coroner will hold an inquest
to-day. Mr. Spellman's name got on the
Morgue clip as the person who notified
the office. There will be no inquest on
him.
Inquest on William Klinge.
More Vessels for Nome.
Swanton's brother-in-law. Arthur Pope,
who is the agent of the Alaska Commer
cial Company. at Nome. Jesse Cope and
B. Terrlll also go along.
Robert Plate, a well-known Stanford
student; Philip C. Libert«and Arthur J.
Dibert are also on the steamer. There
are eight women among the passengers.
The Senator will remain at Seattle about
two days and from there will go to Un
alaska, where she will await the disap
pearance of the ice in Bering Strait.
There will be an exodus to-day of ves
sels for the gold fields; Collectively they
will take away more than 1800 passengers.
This is only the commencement. The ex
transport Ohio is scheduled to leave
Stfuart-street wharf at 5 p. m. with 750
passengers. The Luella, with 400 passen
gers, will get away from Mission-street
wharf about 3 p. m. The Alaska Commer
cial Company's Rainier with 400 passen
gers will get away from Beale-street
wharf promptly at 2 p. m., while the San
Pedro with alout 350 passengers is sched
uled to sail from Vallejo-street wharf at
5 p. m. The chances' are It will be to
morrow morning before she gets away.
The Rainier is the third boat sent out by
the Alaska Commercial Company, and in
succession she will be followed by the St.
Paul. San Bias, San Jose and San Juan*
The next big steamer to get away will
be the ex-transport Zealandia, which is
scheduled to sail Monday next with 750
passengers.
Mail Steamer Delayed.
Water Front Notes.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's mall
boat Alameda will not get away to-mor
row. Her Australian malls were a day
late in reaching New York, and conse
quently will not arrive here until next
Thursday* evening. The sailing of the
Alameda therefore has been postponed un.
til next Thursday at S p. m. r
Charles Lynch, an employe of the Union
Iron Works, was injured on the steamer
St. Paul yesterday. He was walking down
the gangway when he stumbled and fell
overboard. In falling he struck his head
against the side of the ship and was only
rescued after some difficulty. He was
taken to the Harbor Hospital, where Dr.
Thome found he was suffering from a
slight concussion of the brain. After care
ful treatment Lynch recovered sufficiently
to be sent home.
N R. Walton Jr., formerly purser of the
Mariposa, is going north as purser of the
Zealandia. Mr. Walton Is to have one of
the new steamers . now building for the
Oceanic Company when she reaches San
Francisco.
The work of dredging Shag Rock is
prbgresslng slowly. It will be months be
fore the depth of water required by the
contract is attained.
$3 BO men's 'via kid shoes for $2 50 pair at
the Beehive Shoe Company, 717 Market st.*
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Senator Sails for Cape Nome
With a Crowd of Gold
Hunters.
Four More Steamers, All Loaded
Down "With Passengers, Are
Scheduled to Follow in
Her Wake To-Day.
The Pacific Coast .Steamship Company's
Senator sailed yesterday from Broadway
wharf for Nome with 169 passengers
aboard. About 600 more are booked to
join the vessel at Seattle and then she
will have the full complement allowed
her by the agents. When serving as a
transport the Senator, took 1054 soldiers
from here to Manila, but the company
does not wish to crowd the gold hunters,
so only about 700 passengers will be taken
north on her.
Broadway wharf was crowded with
people to see the fortune seekers away.
The Senator was scheduled to sail at 11
a m.. but it was an hour later before the
baggage could be got aboard and the
lines cast off. Once away from th^ wharf
it was not long before the ex-transport
was under a full head of steam and rac
ing for the Golden Gate. •
On the Senator is a party of thirty-five
men who are going north for the Nome
River Gold Mining Company, of which F.
H. Busby and H. Radjeski are managers.
Mr. Busby was to have accompanied the
party, but he was unable to do so owing
to the death of his wife last night.
Fred W. Swanton, formerly manager of
the Big Creek Power Company of Santa
Cruz, and also of the baseball team from
the same place, is also a passenger. He
is taking with him a mining plant with a
capacity of 400 tons a day. The machinery
will be placed on claims owned by Mr.
Ex-Transport Senator Off for Cape Nome.
"I think the church of to-day Is not
doing what it ougiit to do for the ad
vancement of the Redeemer's kingdom.
Nothing flourishes to-day as does mate
rialism. There is the unbelief of to-day.
I do not mean the. unbelief that is In the
world, but the unbelief that is In the
church.**
He then dwelt at length on higher crit-
Iclcin, concerning which he made the fol
lowing: remarks:
"We ministers dare not contend against
higher criticism — dare not contend against
it for fear of being spoken of as unlet
tered men. What shall we have left If
thla work of unbelief continues? For lit
tle by little the Bible is beinff thrown
aside and its doctrines, as we believe
them, questioned. We need nothing so
much as a thorough revival of pentecos
tal religion. Science in its most erratic
and irreverent days never did one-thou
sandth part as much to unsettle conll
dence In the divine revelation as the im
mature, half-digested and undemonstrat
ed theories which our critics have been
putting forth have done. Without ques
tion they are the religious pedants of the
cay and are more dogmatic than Calvin
could ever have been.
"It Is not the Bible which Is suffering
at their hands, but it is the faith in the
Bible which is imperiled. They might as
well shoot peas at Gibraltar with a child's
popgun as to try to undermine the good
book.
"A revlx-al would restore an evangelical
accent to the preaching of the times. One
has only to consult the church advertise
ments in the Saturday papers to learn
how loose, mushy, how theoretically
baseless and almost pointless is much of
the present day and pretended up-to-date
preaching in the average Christian pul
pit. The old. old story is not sensational
enough; spirituality is too unpopular; a
sermon on sin would not draw. But aft
not the ministers mistaken with this mat
ter? While they are trying to please the
people with lectures and essays on poli
tics, sociology and ethics, what are the
results? The people are losing their re
spect and their use for the church and
are drifting from It. The preaching of
the cross may in the present conditions
anger men and thin our congregations for
a time, but It will fill the churches with
people and with the power of salvation
in the end."
Rev. G. TV. Phillips of Oakland read a
paper before the Congregational ministers
on the "The Potent Agencies in the
World's Progress." A paper on "Bonum
lsm" was read before the Methodist min
isters by Rev. John Hannon. It was a
pessimistic view of the progress of the
nation. Rev. Dr. Mills, the singing evan
gelist of Kngland, was present and deliv
ered a short talk.
Committees were appointed by -all the
ministerial bodies to devise ways and
means of helping the famine-stricken na
tives In India.
Greatest Need of the Church." In part
ha said:
R«v. J. T. "Wills of Ne\r York read an
Interesting paper before the Presbyterian
ministers yesterday morning on "The
Rev. J. T. Wills Says Great
est Need of the Church
Is Religion.
'TV" >
Deplores the Tendency of Ministers
to Try to Hold Their Congrega
tions by Preaching 2£ateri
olistic Sermons.
DECLARES THE
BIBLE IS BEING
THROWN ASIDE
THE SAX -FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.
7
AMUSEMENTS.
LAST 6 NIGHTS!
Next Sat.— SPECIAL SOUVENIR MATINEE.
Each lady attending will be presented with a
complete piano copy of one of the many musical
hits in "The Evil Eye."
Charles M. Tale's Greatest Spectacular.
Mechanical, Trick Production.
"THE EVSL EYE"
With Its Endless Array of Startling. Amusing
- and Picturesque Features.
PRICES— 23c, 35c, 50c. 73c. $1.-
Next Monday - - JOHN DREW
In "THE TTRANNT OF TEARS."
Seat Sale Begins Thursday Morning.
Ashton Stevens: "The production is amaz-
ingly good." — Examiner.
Peter Robertson: "The performance very en-
joyable."— Chronicle.
R. M. Woods: "Mr. James Nelll polished
and finished actor."— Call.
THE SENSATION OF THEM ALL!
AN AMERICAN CITIZEN.
Another Tremendous Hit.
AIR. JAMES NEILL
And His Excellent Company.* '
ALWAYS REMEMBER THE THTTRSDAY
AND SATURDAY MATINEES.
Next Sunday n:;h* — A. W. Pinero's unique*
Comedy success. "THE AMAZON'S."
, PHONE MAIN 532.
SAN FRANCISCO INDORSES THE VERDICT
OF LONQON AND NEW YORK.
The Greatest Musical Comedy Ever Written.
TILL FURTHER NOTICE!!
The Lady Slavey
IX PREPARATION-RICE'S "1402." '
" L'STAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra. Saturday
Matinee. 23c.
Branch Ticket .Office Emporium.
Am I a Wiz? Tou Bet I Am!
THIRTY-FOURTH -:- TIME -:- TO-NIGHT
Of the Enormous Comic Opera Triumph,
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE !
Drawing Crowded Houses Right Along.
Evenings at S. Matinee Saturday at 2.
POPULAR PRICES - - - - 23 and SO cents
Telephone Bush 9.
ilVH E AT R £?{ >
ANOTHER BIG HITt
E. H. SOTHERN'S
Most Successful Drama. \j
MISTER OF
WOOD BARROW!
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
RESERVED SEATS. 15c. 23c. 33c. EOc.
Next Week "THE BUTTERFLIES."
ALL NEW ! ALL NEW !
EVERY ACT A BIG HIT I
EZRA KENDALL;
CHARLES ULRICK: LOUISE CUNNIXO:
NEWSBOYS" QUINTET: THE MCSICAl*
KLEISTS; WILL E. BATES; MARK SUL-
LIVAN; BIOGRAPH.
MILTON AND DOLLIE NOBLES,
Reserved seats. 25c: balcony. lCc; opera chalra
and box seats. 5Cc.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
122-124 O'FARRELL STREET.
: LAMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET.
Great Double Bill. Prison Scene from
"FAUST." Last Act "KIGOLETTO."
10c— Admission— 10c. Matinee Sunday.
CONCERT HALL— THE C F.KAPP COMPANY
CONTCNTOUS VAUDEVILLE.
EVERY NIGHT! EVERY NIGHT!
Cakewalk contest every Wednesday night.
ADMISSION FREE.
SUTRO BATHS
14/ILL OPEN NIGHTS
ON AND AFTER
SATURDAY. May 19. 1900.
WeeHy CaU, $1.00 Ber Year
STATEMENT
OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
,.OF THE
Assurance Company of America
OF NEW TORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1899, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank. furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $480,125 00
Cash In Banks 27,917 83
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3, 770 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion S9.125 40
Internal Revenue Stamps 19 66
Total Assets $550.938 77
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $22,167 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ...'..: 23,879 00
Losses resisted Including expenses... ¦ 250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $178,965 70:
reinsurance 50 per cent 89,482 85
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlnlf more than one year, $52,274 07;
reinsurance pro rata 29 81137
All other. demands against the com-
pany 16,771 00
Total Liabilities $182.361 31
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums • $157,834 71
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ... 17 39
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 21,597 1«
Received for profit on Sale of Bonds 1,074 39
Total Income $1SO.S43 C3
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses... $128,121 19
Net amount paid for Marine Losses. ll. 452 32
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -••-- 60,12975
Paid for Salaries, fess and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 3,215 00
Paid for • State, National and local
taxes ••••• ......... 6,494 69
All other payments and expenditures 2.913 38
Total Expenditures $226.33133
Losses incurred during the yeax.......$155,l« 51
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written - during the -
year:......; ,•• $34,007,222 $307,215 11
Net amount . of Risks
expired . during the
year ....;... :....•.••• 23.873.121 274.868 38
Net amount in force
December 31. .1893.:.. 25,125.453 231.233 77
' ROBERT C. RATHBONE, President.
R.' BLEECKER ¦ RATHBONE, . Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January, 1900. GEO. O. RUGER.
Notary Public
WIN FIELD S. DAVIS, ¦
GENERAL AGENT,
215 SANSOME STREET.
Telephone 5968. S&n Francisco.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE ; ' fN'i
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW TORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
Tork. on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1S99, and for the year ending *n that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of , the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. /'-
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up lij
Cash $200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $461,650 00
Cash in Banks 43,882 22
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 2 44173
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tlon T. 42.877 32
Internal Revenue Stamps 29 90
Due from C. T. Bowrlng & Co.,
Ltd., Bankers 800 49
Total Assets $551. 6S2 68
LIABILITIES. ' ! ~
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $16 703 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 25,54400
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 625 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- ¦;..•.-
nlngr one year or less, $161,410 21;
reinsurance 50 per cent...: • 80 705 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
ninu more than one year, $42,143 70;
reinsurance pro rata 25 240 68
All other demands a#ainst the com- '
P» nv • 20.425 »5
Total Liabilities ..".... $168 243 74
,V.V. ; \ INCOME. ==.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $179,822 84
Net Cash actually received for Ma- •
rlne^ premiums J7 38
Received for interest and dividends • \
on Bonds. Stocks,' Loans, and from
all other sources 16,645 62
Received for profit on sale of Bonds. 28.891 94
Total Income $225,397 78
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses.... $143,119 53 ,
Net amount paid for Marine Losses.. 16.066 24
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or -allowed for Commission or
BrckeraRe .... ........; 52,402 56
Paid for Salaries, fees . and other
¦ charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 8,105 00
Paid for ' State, National and local
taxes ..............:................... 8,023 20
All other payments and expenditures 2,493 05
Total Expenditures $249,209 64
Losses Incurred during the year....... $168,351 83
Risks and Premiums.; Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net : amount ; of Risks
•written during the ., '
year $31,458,175 $289. 306 70
Net amount of. Risks
expired during the
year .......:;......... 28,123,281 265,97110
Net amount • in force • ¦
December 31.* 1899 21.544.117 ," 203.653 91
~- E. C. CONVERSE, President.
R. BLEECKER RATHBONE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January. 1900. GEO. O. RUGER, * '
iig|||£: Notary Public.
WINFIELDS. DAVIS,
. GENERAL AGENT/ •"•'
215^ SANSOME STREET^
Telephone 5968. San Francisco.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SUN
INSURANCE OFFICE
OF LONDON, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1S99. and for the
year endlns on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $250,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgage 1S8.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.751.SS8 25
Cash In Company's Office 340 68
Cash in Banks 140,13128
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20.961 15
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ......i... 1.850 83
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 262,947 87
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, Rents
due and accrued 1,316 67
Total Assets .....12,616,934 63
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses Adjusted and unpaid $116,(32 69
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 63,157 00
LoFses resisted including expenses.. • 18,033 00
• Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- one year or less, $979,442 61;
reinsurance 60 per cent 489,721 30
Gross premiums on Fire Risk* run-
ning more than one year, $1,657.- •
653 09: ' reinsurance pro rata 855,783 15
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc » 1,316 67
All other demands against the com-"
pany 62,148 27
Total Liabilities .$1,606,792 OS
>:-'i • .. ... . . ¦¦
. INCOME. "
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $l.<?5,683 10
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortijagres 8,080 00
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources .'...; 77,263 02
Received for Rents 10,303 95
Total Income '...$1.502.333 07
EXPENDITURES. . . . . . . • ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses. ...$1,057,487 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or .
Brokerage .'.......... J99.819 06
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc...... 102,764 70
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ............."*> 45,963 40
All other payments and expenditures 121,805 86
Total Expenditures $1,627,330 02
' - Fire.* -
Losses Incurred during: the year.. ....$1,048,569 69
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of. Risks
written during the
year $193,840,763 $1,786.255 06
Net amount of - Risks
expired . during; the
year 190,388.786 1,731,872 60
Net amount in force
December 31. 1839... 805.631,705 2.637.095 70
...;-.-i-.- J. J. GUILE, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, ¦ this 24th
day of January, 190Q. EDWIN F. CORET,
Commissioner v for - California,
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
General Agents, Pacific " Department,
215 SANSOME STREET/
Telephone 5968, San Franoisoc
|^|eli^|G^ily "$M0O per Year.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
STANDARD MABISE
INSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1899, and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Section*
C30 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed aa
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up In
Cafih $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bond« owned by Company $1,179,912 00
Cash In Banks 187,07100
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11,561 00
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion- 1W.415 00
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine. Risks 6.045 00
Policy Stamps on band 1,406 00
Total Assets .11.556.410 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $121,800 00
Gross premiums on Marine and In-1
land Navigation Risks, $ :1 v
reinsurance 100 per cent \ 144,915 00
Gross Premiums on Marine Time I
Risks, t ; reinsurance 60 per centj
All other demands against the com-
pany (7,160 00
Total Liabilities J393.375 00
- .
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums J480.052 00
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 87,779 00
Total Income $517,83100
z — ' ' -
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Marine LiOsses.. $391,475 00
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerfcj. etc 4J.7B7 12
Paid for State, National and local -
tax*»s 8,019 88
All other payments and expenditures 1.271 00
Total Expenditures ....' $443,533 00
Marine.
Losses Incurred during: the year $3£S,750 00
Marine
Risks said Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $74,880,740 $601,40100
Net amount of Rl*ks
expired during the V . ¦'
year 75,«16,7O5 601,061 00
Net amount In force
December 8L 1899.... 7.427,650 144,915 00
J. WILLIAMSON, President.
JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Subscribed and aworn to before me. thin 23d
day of January. 1900. .W. J. SULIS,
United States Deputy Consul at Liverpool.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. .COMPANY-.
GENERAL AGENTS.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SON,
MAIVACEKS,
216 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone CSSt ' - j
, ADVEBTISTTlVrSNTS. i
MUNYON'sT INHALER.
jaft&SSk A Common-Sense Cnre for Catarrh,
J^fl-lifll^^ Asthma, Bronchitis, Diphtheria
Jg|||p||£^ and All Throat Troubles.
/v^^S^ fm Jp Clouds of medicated vapor are inhaled
i£25* Pfpf throuph the raoyuth and emitted from
K&|?ij j^Tl the nostrils after having cleansed ami
fjg5§^ flrT 7 v^^CV vaporized all the diseased parts. A
sense of relief is felt at once. Doctors
j£^$$£P%?j~^£tz= indorse it. Everybody praises it. It
r^~^\ jsSEgfPTT^&s '§P costs but $i and is sold by all druggists.
\^ >S^ t^ I||j7^ To the Retail Druggists of San
I \lHi^ Francisco and Neighboring Cities:
(• F" -Jj IhfJtI'' *"> Place your order with us at once for
v &£i •% *"** € the Munyon Inhaler. It will do what is
v |»^* _^_J claimed for it. "and is the be*t selling
<^\ proprietary article we ever had in our
"^ V-— -*^"^^ "& establishment. We are buying them in
THE GREATEST DISCOVERY OF THE AGE.
In buying a Mun/on Inhaler YOU RUN NO, RISK, as the Munyon Co.
will exchange it for any of their regular remedies. ' .
. THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS will be expended in advertising this par-
ticular remedy for
_ _ _ CATARRH AND ASTHMA.
The Supply seems to be LIMITED. Place your ordefs at once with the
WHOLESALE DRUGGISTS,
REDINGTON & CO. MACK & CO.
LANGLEY & MICHAELS CO.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUiMPS
1/DAfU Were successful at Nome last
iXtlUvin year. All others failed. la opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson st.. S. F.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS-
In Operation Dally, CZ3 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
DREDGINO PUMPS.
Our centrifugal pumps are ROlng to Cape Nome,
are you? Better buy one: Just the pump for
irravel; has interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARRATT & CO., cor. Fremont and Natnma.
DWEDGING PUMPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps.
Englnes&Boliers. H#ndyMach.Wks..4O Fremont.
TENTS A-D COVFRS.
NEVDL.LE & CO.. manufacturers, bags, tents,
covers. 21 and 23 California st.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high or low lifts. SImonds, 33 Market st.
ENGINES.
In- stock, steam, gas. gasoline: full line: mfrs.
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. 20 Fremont.
GOL"> SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator in
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co., 133 1st.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savin? Machine. 229 Fol-
som rtreet. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GOLD-SAVING MACHINE
In operation dally at Mining Fair. Central
Park. Office 137 Beale st.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion sluice saves gold: competi-
tion invited 1798 15th St.. corner Guerrero.
PLATE 5 * FOW SAVING GOLn.
Schaezleln & Bunidce, 3 Hardie place, oft
Kearny, between Sutter and Bush streets.
SILVER-PLATED MINING PLATES.
GET them at Dennlston's San Francisco Plat-
ins Works, 652 Mission st.
" TANKS.
TANKS— Pacific Tank Co.. manufacturers. 35
Beale st. S. F.. 34S E. 2d St.. Los Angeles.
CAPE N?ME SUPPLIES.
F. W. BELL. Central Platlns Works, 832 Mis-
sion St., S. F. Phone Jessie 301.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO , £££'«.
WHISKY.
HITVTF8 DVP CHRISTY & WISE Coramer-
UlkllCK ttlC- cial Co.. 327-329 Sansome St.
LIQUORS- •
WRICFEV BLATZ BEER, Bethesda Water.
nllljBlLl CAHEN & SON.41S Sacramento rt.
. PORTABLE HOUSES. ?
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO. % Washington
and 1st «ts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
f
Good reason for smiling
when you have the supreme
satisfaction of putting on a collar or shirt
dorfe up- at the United States Laundry,
with a color and linlsh on it to suit the
most fastidious.' and no rough edges or
torn buttonholes to annoy you. A man is
in luck to be able to have his linen kept
In such perfect condition as we keep It In
when laundered at the United States
Laundry.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street,
Near Powell.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice-4O9 12th Street.
viAJ/,,1 DR. PIERCE* S
Illlll ELECTRIC
THIS BELT 13 WAR-
/¥?V ranted to be the latest Im-
proved, most powerful and
in all respects the best now manufactured in
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer shows Its electric current to
Ke double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire - suspensory for men. It will cur»
any disease on earth that it Is possible to cur*
with electricity, 'and it cures when . others fail.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Plerce's."
"Booklet No. 2," free at office or sent by mall
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62O Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel). SAX FRANCISCO
Eastern Office— New York City.
Po 1 Q fi a The covtn^, Passasro-
1 CtlCtU" w °y connecting these
two - Immense struc-
' tures places under
• , one. management • 1400
q t*| rl - rooms. 900 of which
Ctllii have baths attached.
• - • - Tourists and travel-
. era from every section
/'i _^_-j ot tne "orld recognize
IrpPriCl and appreciate the
V* **¦****• comforts and convenl-
______ ences offered by thea«
hotels.
IJsi+Alri American plan. Eu-
ilUlwliS ropean plan.Washington Council. No. 4, T. M.'I.; will
give Its annual family reunion and outing
at Camp Taylor on - Wednesday," June ! 27
The picnic committee has made; all-ar
rangements to give the members -. and.
trienaa as oleasaat a time as possible.
Washington Council's Picnic.
The "Tourists" of National Parlor, Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, have
through 'their committee^ P. G. Du Py.
Fred P. Webe, W. . P. Grattan. O. Dlxon
and F. Glocker, arranged for their an
nual excursion and picnic to Sunset'Park
next Sunday.
Tourists' Picnic.
W. H. Reynolds was arrested yesterday
by Detective Reynolds and Policeman
Kurd and booked at the City Prison on
two charges of petty larceny. It Is claimed
he went to M. Gunst's cigar store on
Kearny street Saturday representing that
he was an electrician and stole a box of
cigars and repeated the work Sunday.
Bogus Electrician.
J. M. PAel. H. M. Furman, Charles S..True.
W. L. Pierre, E. M. Mores. W. Ed wards, J. J.
Crawford, C. L«. Gage, A. Hanselman. F. R.'
Drlnkhoupe. L. W. Smith. E. ¦ 8. ¦ Kdmondu, C.
'8. Benedict. Georere Walters, George. Chllds,
John E. Strachan. George E. Dow. J. K. Firth, 1 ;
O, L. Darling, E. B. Cutter, William McKay.
Aaron Doud. Thomas Morfew. W. F. Waterson
A. McKay. H. C. Hubbard.W. C. Weil, A. C.
Soule. 8. I*. Lent, George Bushnell, T. Trebell
Ed StevenBon, ¦ W. H. Cline, - Ed- J. - Vocel, -Burr
Noble.- K. D. Carrothera. J. H. ' Hatch, ' E. C.
Hare. Theo E. Smith. Byron Mauiy, J. K (,'
Hobbs, M, Ryan. C. W. Coburn, T. J. Fraser,
H S. Manning, A. Christenien. . F. H. Me-
Laughltn. Tom Lockwood. R. H. Nagle,-Wil
ltam Cluft, J. H. • Soper, S. J.' Hendy, W. E
L.utz. I*. S.' Branch. C. W. Decker, Harry . As
croft, W. B. Lawaon. W. , E. s Smith. Charles
Bliss. W. C. Campbell. Theo Itelchert, W.-.R--
JooBt. A. Hathorn,- W. 8. Banks. F. W. Tltim'
George Humphries. - Max Clausenlus C."'W
Plummer. W. W. Stocker, Georgre-W.: Bauer'
Theo Frolich, Granvllle Pullen, Ed A. Belcher'
A, C. Rulofeon, J. G.- Spaldlng. C. O. Johnson'
J. n. DaKsrett. T. D. Bots, George C. * Welch'
J.- M. Gaesaway, J. S. Spanger. L. A. Hoemer
O. W. LJppman, M. Holje, K. B.° Wefelsberj? g'-
D. Clark, F.. O. • Robins. John Bennett, Georne
W. Klngsbury, W. D, Keystone, Colonel F.-W.
eumatr. C S. .Wright. John M. Curtis-..
¦ . ,'-. - ¦ '.. . ' .' v
With a Jewel and a Set of •
' Silverware.
The following elective officers of Golden
Gate Commandery No. 16, Knights Tem
plar—Robert McMillan, commander; , H.
D. Loveland, generaliBsimo; R. B. : Moore,
senior warden; Robert Ash, Junior, war
den: Herman Saddler, treasurer, and
William T. Fonda, recorder; and the fol
lowing appointive officers: C O. Johnson,
standard bearer; John Bennett, sword
bearer; Dr. A. \V. McKenzie, warder; J.
G. Spaulding, G. W. Bauer and E. M.
Morse, guards— were installed last evening
in Golden Gate Commandery Hall by Past
Commander J. M. Peel: i Following the
installation was the presentation of a
magnilicent Jewel and set of silverware
to J. C. Campbell, the retiring com
mander, who responded in a very, feeling
speech. The presentation was by Gen
eralissimo . H. D. Loveland. - After this
there was a banquet at which responses
to toasts were made by Grand Com
mander R. H. Lloyd; the new com
mander R. McMillan; Frank W. Titus of
California Commandery, Dr. W. E.
Smith. Colonel Frank W. Sumner. Colonel
William Edwards and others. ¦
The following were present to enjoy the
hospitality of the commandery:
The Retiring Commander Presented
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR
INSTALL OFFICERS
Lee Johnson, the far-famed writer of
ragtime melodies, has been made co-re
spondent In a tuit for divorce brought by
Max B. Goldmen against his child-wife.
Pauline, the lG-year-old daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. B. Barasch. who conduct a res
taurant at 619 Montgomery street.
While the husband makes serious accu- ,
sations against his bride of only six
months and the well-known composer of
"coon" songs, Goldman's parents-in-law
put a very different ri!-as<* <-n th** "»«¦<» >>v
showing that less than three weeks ago
their daughter brought a suit agrainat
Goldman, charging him with acts oi ex
treme cruelty committed within two weeks
after their wedding, on November 5 last.
That Goldman should have opened at
tack on his youthful spouse before giv
ing heed to the complaints lodged against
him ie deemed by the girl's family as pe
culiar.
The husband's charge of wrongdoing
consists of an allegation that he saw his
wife and Johnson at the California Hotel
last Wednesday afternoon about 2:30
o'clock in a compromising position. On
the other hand, the wife, backed by her
mother, denies that there was a suspicion
of wrong, and nay further that had it not
been fnr an alleged detfctlve. who was
with Goldman at the time, matters would
and could have been readily explained.
Despite Goldman's charge Johnson re
tains the friendship of the Barasch fam
ily, with which he has been on most in
timate terms for many years. Mrs.
Barasch makes the following statement in
her daughter's behalf:
"Mr. Johnson was like a brother to my
daughter. He .has been our close friend
for years, and will continue to be. Gold
man knows this relationship, but he has
been trying to trap my daughter ever
elnce she brought suit against him. Last
Wednesday afternoon Mr. Johnson was
on his way to the California Hotel to
transact some business. He met my
daughter accidentally and asked her to
wait for him. Instead of standing on the
street corner, at Mr. Johnson's invitation
she stepped into the public dining-room
of the hotel and was drinking a glass of
lemonade. They sat there for a moment,
when suddenly Goldman and his com
panion, a Chinatown guide or detective,
broke in upon them.
"Mv daughter started to speak to Gold
mar. * when the detective shouted. 'Don't
talk 'to them.' and they made off. That
is the fact upon which this charge is
made.
"This accusation comes from a man who
struck his wife two weeks after their
marriage, and who even borrowed the
money from me to pay for her wedding
ring and hasn't yet paid for Jr. I gave my
consent to their marriage because I be
lieved Goldman was an honest, hard
working man, who would make a good
home for my child. He cruelly deceived
us both. ' .
"Mr Johnson has known my daughter
since Vhe was a baby. It is an outrage
he should be so infamously accused. Let
Mr Goldman answer the charges made
against him before he tries to hatch ac
cusations against hip wife."
Goldman is a tailor, recently employed
by Lilienfleld & Co. .....
When informed of the fact that he oc
cunied the unpleasant position of core-
Fpondent In the Goldman divorce proceed
ings Mr. Johnson expressed nurprlse and
volunteered the statement that the plain
tiff In the action had evidently been mis
""1 am well acquainted with Mrs. Gold
man " he said, "and am very friendly with
h<-r family. I have known the young wo
man for some time and our relations have
never been otherwise than frlrndly. That
Mr Goldman should see fit to attack the
character of hi? wife is a matter which I
cannot control, but in the final determina
tion cf the Issues of the case I am con
fident that I can establish the truth and
prove that the attack was unwarranted.
"Mr. Goldman lays. It seems, considera
ble stress on our visit to the California
Hotel, but in view of the fact that we
went no further than the public dining
room I am of the opinion that this meet-
Ing furnishes but plight basis for a charge
of unfaithfulness against the young wo
man.
"In view of the friendly relationship
which ha« exist*»d between this young wo
man, her family and myself for years. It
Is unfortunate that Mr. Goldman should
have seen fit to couple my name with his
young wife as he has done. His insinua
tions, however, can be easily disproved;
and I shall continue to enjoy the young
women'* friendship and that of her fam
ily as I have done in the past."
Complaining Husband Had Himself
Been Summoned by His Young
Spouse to Answer for Al
leged Cruelties.
Accusations Involving the
Name of Song Writer
Lee Johnson.
CHILD WIFE IS
CHARGED WITH
BEING UNTRUE
Cruel Friends Left Them With Less
Than a Collar Button and Put
Constables on Their
Wake.
? —
Stephen V. Costello, the new jrrand mar
shal of the Native Sons, and Leo Devlin,
the architect, were the principals in a
waterside comedy enacted Sunday at El
Campo.
Bright and early In the morning
Emmet Hayden, District Attorney Mc-
Isaac of Marln County. Costello and
Devlin chartered a launch and spent the
forenoon touring the bay shore. They
landed a little below El Campo for lunch
nnd when It was consumed the members
of the party dispersed themselves In neg
lige attitudes to let the calming process
of digestion get in Its work. Costello,
however, Is so full of energy that this
Inertness soon palled on him and, calling
on Devlin to join him, he announced that
he was going In swimming. Devlin, noth
ing loth, quit his shady retreat and aerial
housebuilding, and together the twain
plunged Into the waves which decorate El
Campo beach with its fringe of tomato
cans, dead onions and other debris. Now,
El Campo, though in the^ county, is not
quite remote from civilization, and the
feminine visitor to its shores would have
possibly sustained a severe shock at the
vision of the classic forms of Costello and
Devlin disporting themselves in the bay
as Innocent of clothing as Raphael Weill's
rejected Bacchantes. This thought invad
ed the brainpan of Mclsaac, and a blush
mantled his cheek at the thought of
frightened or shocked femininity In the
county of which he is District Attorney.
He mentioned his misgivings to Emmet
Hayden and found that he,, too, was ap
prehensive of the results of a casual sum
mer girl's appearance. Then, having laid
a plot, the conspirators withdrew, accom
panied by the swimmers' clothes, which
had been left In their care. A few mo
ments later two burly Deputy Sheriffs
hailed Devlin and Coetello.
• "Here, come out of that," floated acros3
to the ears of the astonished grand mar
shal. After a little parley the swimmers
came ashore. "Now, then, you come
aiong with us."
"What for?" asked Costello.
"You're under arrest. No monkeying,
mind, or"
Devlin and Costello stared at each other.
"Where are our clothes?" said Devlin.
"We can't go without them."
"I say, look here, I know Emmet Hay
den; he'll put this all straight; let's go
to him." cried Costello. But to all propo
sitions the aeputles remained deaf. Then,
lust as the two swimmers were being
dragged away there appeared on the scene
Mclsaac and Hayden.
"I say, Mac," said Costello, "tell these
fellows to let us go."
"Give us our clothes," said Devlin.
"Can't Interfere with the officers," fllnt
ily replied Mclsaac.
"You must have done something to de
serve this," added Hayden.
Then, after half an hour of shivering
expostulation on the part of the unclothed
prisoners Mclsfiac called the josh off. and
rehabilitated, Devlin and Costello piloted
the crowd to the nearest bar, where all
were sworn to deepest secrecy over the
grand marshal's experience.
Their Clothing Filched While
They Were Bathing
at El Campo.
COSTELL O AND
DEVLIN SWAM
INTO TROUBLE
Execution Scene in "The Wizard of tne wie;"
ANGRY HUSBAND
FIRES SEVERAL
SHOTS AT WIFE
Martin Johnson, a Bartender,
Attempts to Shoot His
Spouse.
Woman Leaps Through a "Window
and Then Makes a Fierce Strug
gle for the Possession of
a Pistol.
. Johnson, formerly a bartender
oh the Barbary Coast and recently from
Alaska, made, a desperate attempt last
night to murder his wife, from whom he
has been separated for some time, in a
house at- 1405 Montgomery street. He
fired three shots from a revolver, but
none of them took effect. Before he could
shoot a fourth time the woman clutched
his hand and in a fearful struggle that
followed he injured her so severely that
she had to be sent to the Receiving Hos
pital.
According to the woman's story she has
been separated from her husband Tor
some time. He went to her house last
night and a quarrel was tho result of his
visit. She says he has bothered her on
other occasions and that hi- was looking
for trouble last night. After an exchange
of angry words he drew a revolver and
tired three times. Every bullet went wild.
The frenzied woman made a dash for a
window, and jumped through it. The glass
cut a deep wound In her forehead and she
rushed, bruised and bleeding, along the
street. .
Johnson gave chase and followed his
wife into a vacant lot. where he over
took her. When sho realized that he was
closo upon her she turned suddenly and
grasped the pistol just as he was about to
lire again. A struggle for tho possession
of tho weapon then took place and lasted
until the woman's screams attracted the
attention of people in tho neighborhood.
Johnson then threw away the pistol and
made his escape.
Police Officers Rob Silver and J. Duane
made a search for the man. His hiding
place was M length disclosed by some
boys and ho was found to be secluded
under a house about a block from the
scene of the trouble. They called to him
to come out and surrender, but he refused
to do so and the policemen prepared to
take him by force. After a short struggle
they handcuffed their man and took him
to the California-street police station,
where he was charged with assault to
commit murder. . si , ¦
' In extenuation of the charge Johnson
accused his wife of unfaithfulness und
says she fired the phots at him. He'claima
he went to the house for the purpose of
seeing his two children and thought that
his wife would bo away. During a heated
discussion, he says, she pulled a revolver
and shot at him. The woman's mother
and several other persona who were wit
nesses deny his statements.
A board of medical officers, consisting
of- Major John M. - Bannister, surgeon;
Major George E. Uushnell, surgeon, and
Captain John J. Phillipis, assistant sur
geon, has been appointed to meet at West
Point on June 1 for the physical examina
tion of cadets of the graduating class and
such other cadets and candidates for ad
mission as may be ordered before it. ;
Captain John P. Flnley of tho Ninth In
fantry has been transferred from Com
pany G to Company E. and Captain Ed
win V. BookmiUer of. the same regiment
has been transferred from Company E to
Company G.
Captain Charles A. Varnum of tho Sev
enth Cavalry, now on sick leave, has been
ordered to report to the commanding gen
eral of the Department of Colorado for
Leave of absence for four months, with
permission to go beyond the j sea,' has
been granted to Captain Charles H. Hun
ter of the Third Artillery, the leave to
tako effect upon his relief from duty at
the Military Academy.
Acting Assistant Surgeon William M.
Hendrickson has been relieved from duty
in Skaguay. Alaska, and has been or
dered to report to the Department of Cali
fornia for duty.
ARMY INTELLIGENCE.
OAKLAND, May 14.— Mrs. P.nebe Hearst
gave her annual garden party to the grad
uating class of the University of Califor
nia to-day at Hacienda del Poso del
Verona, her country home near PleaH
anton. A special train conveyed her
guests', numbering "about 200, to Verona
Station, where they were met and driven
in carriages to the hacienda. Among the
guests were President and Mrs. Wheeler.
The senior class was largely represented.
Mrs. Hearst was assisted in receiving
by Miss Agnes Lane, her niece. Lunch
eon was served on the lawn, while a band
and a Hawaiian orchestra dispensed mu
sic from opposite ends of the grounds.
After luncheon the guests were enter
tained in the grove on the hillside above
the hacienda. Mrs. Hearst conducted her
guests about the art galleries, and showed
them the treasures of Del Verona.
MRS. HEARST ENTERTAINS
THE GRADUATING CLASS
California.
"An American Citizen" at the California
Thpatrr again' attracted a large audience.
Th«* Nelll company grows In favor each
Tlvoli.
'"The Wizard of the ICilc" commenced
Us third week at the Tivoli Opera-house
last night, and the large audience showed
by generous applause that the play is as
popular as «>vor. Forris Hart man and Al
fred C. Wheelan kept the fun going, and
the songs of Helen Merrill, Tom Greene.
Annie Meyers, William Schuster and
Frances Graham had to be repeated. The
Fercnade, one of the prettiest things in
the opora, was charmingly" rendered and
the "Starlight" part song was encored
ajrain »nd again. Th«* splendid chorus and
orchestral work are features of the opera
which should eclip»e the ten weeks' run
r«v< ntly made by the "Idol's Eye."
Some «:po<3 people have been added to
the Chutes programme. Raygton and
Rayford, London comedians: Harry
Holmes and his "Dining Dog Dandy";
George Trump, hand balancer, and the
DcckmsM. champion bag-punchers, are
the novelties and all bid fair to make a
hH. Dp Cuneo, Castle and Frotto and
Warde have changed their specialties and
Captain George Whistler and Paul Bow
rrs will appear on the lake every after
noon and evening.
Columbia.
"The Evil Eye" began Its second week
to a fair audience last night at the Co
lumbia, and there was no abatement of
the merriment caused by the funny iCid
and Nod and Peleg Kalsenhelmer. The
electric dance was, as usual, the great
pcenic effect of the play, and wag heartily
encored.
OlymplA.
' There Is a big bill at the Olympla this
vw'k and every number la«t night was
well received. Deets and Don and Alice
Raymond are Ptill prominent features on
tbe programme. . -
There's a bunch of pood things at the
Orphoum this week, with enough variety
to please all tastes. Ezra Kendall, the
king pin of all monologists, ought to be
tak* n every evening after dinner as a safe
cure for dyspepsia. And. if the old adage
"Laugh and grow fat" holds true, then
th<» town should b«? full of heavyweights
all the natural result of Kendall-Induced
laughter. Other top notchers on the
preat Orpheum bUl include Louise Gun
rilrg. sweet singer of Scotch songs, the
Newsboys' Quintet. Milton and Dollie No
bles in their brisk little comedy, "Why
Walker Reformed." and the KJelsts with
something entirely new in the musical
clown line, backed up with a taking mise
en-Kcene of e'.ectric.il comical black art.
Orpheuin.
Grand Opsra-House.
Morocco's extravaganza company ex
cha.ng'ed its usual mode of action for the
Held of musical comedy, and its perform
ance of "The Lady Slavey" last evening
«;;.« the be?t It has done so far. While the
book cots not fall into any danger of mak
ing its author famous, the music is rather
bright and brisk and the tnaiiy melodious
alrt, kept the audience In good humor
throughout the evening. The reappear
ai.cv cf Arthur Wooley was the signal
:<jr prolonged applause, and it was evi
aert that he is a great favorite here.
His comedy taient had ample opportu
nity io assort itself In various ways. Par
ticularly effective was his rendition of the
so! g "Down the Hill Went the Lady on
Her Wheel." Isabelle Underwood was the
Ftar of the evening, and that she did full
jut.ice to her responsible role was evi
denced bjr the flowers and applause that
rewarded her for her excellent inpersona
tion.
li« sides possessing a contralto voice of
power and rtfonar.ee' Miss Underwood Is
very handsome, clashing and vivacious.
As a Mjubrette she is certainly a brilliant
euceeps. Ethel Strachan did some of her
Clever work as Marjorie. The rnanage
rr.t-:u has not made any mistake in giving
this gifted young actress some opportu
nity to display her many accomplish
ments.
Harry Cashman never fails to bring out
the humorous part of the character he
may represent. He it= a comedian of high
m^rit. and that h*» made a hit last evening
was fully Croons) rated by the fact that
Up created much laughter and earned a
iloni share of the applause. Last even
ing was Forrest S^abury's first venture
ir.to fomic opera ard it proved very suc
cesxfnL His "IkH-" was ingenious and
unique. He Is a clever young fellow.
The chorus sang exceedingly well, was
r.iridsoinely garbed, and the several spe
cialties were worthy of the applause be
stowed upon them.
Fischer's Concert Eousp.
The double bill is crowding Fischer's
Concert House nightly. The crowd comes
early in the evening to hear the prison
t-^f>r\f from "Faust," pung by the talented
Italian trio. Signoiina Barduccl wins a
triple er.core nightly by her splendid act
ing and singing: Badaracco, the popular
tenor, wins double laurels as Faust and
in "Rigoletto." He combines with a splen
did phynioue and handsome face a voice
of great Btragtb and sweetness.
The hcr.crs of the evening were evenly
divided bc-tween the tenor and the prima
donna. Sipnor Ahramoff made a good Me
phisto arri strong Sparafucile. Signorina
i*U' rcri. v.ho sings Gelda. appears to bet
ter advantage than in any of the other
operas, and in voice a.nd appearance
makes an ideal Golda. Signorina Poliet
tini if. as alwayp. the true artiste, and in
her dm t with Vargns. her single selection
and thr> opera does not strike a single
fal**» noti». In the orchestral selections
A'jjruFt Hinrichs has wisely intermingled
thf> mfJody of the great masters with the
Jinn'.lr.g ragtime ditties of the later bards.
As a whole th*> performance is one that
could not +><* witr»<*!«sed anywhere else in
America for four times the money.
' 'The Malster of Wood Barrow," which
¦wus presented at the Alcazar last night,
is a cross between the melodrama and the
rumantic drama, but at the same time has
dwjdedly attractive features. The play
¦was seen here seven years ago, but It was
greeted by a large audience last night.
w!;ich wanned up to genuine enthusiasm
«..< the j>lot developed. The story is a sim
ple one. founded upon the reckless adven
tnrea of a Devonshire lad who Inherits a
fortune and makes a show of himself,
cnJy 10 lose the wealth upon the appear
ance of the real heir. He discovers that
he is not cut out for a pport and concludes
lhat he Is best calculated for the old farm
wh< re he was born. The play is given* in
three acts, which form a series of very
interesting pictures. It also carries some
tMal*»ct that puts Krnest Hastings and
Mi.v* Howe upon their mettle. Mr. Hast-
Jr.g.-- is ihe niaister of Wood Barrow, and
In.s aptitude for creating dialect and fol
lowing mannerisms was fitly displayed
last night in his presentation of the char-
DCta at Allen Kollitt.
As Clara Dexter, tne adventuress, Irene
Everett Arew out the sinfulness in the role
vrltn striking force: in fact, i; was one of
u. e best pieces of wcrlc she has so far
l>cen seen in at this house. George Web-
Fter made an excellent Luke Cranbourne,
aod Howard Srott a PiRin. As Richard
Hm.nirisf.ord. Edwin Emery showed care
ful s»iuuy or the character, and the same
t-an be said of George Nichcls as Baron
von Shorr. Miss Howe, who is always
jroud. made an excellent Mrs. Rollitt, and
in Deborah Deacon Laura Crews gave
tr.at character a careful interpretation.
"The Master of Wood Barrow" is ore
of the bt-Bt pieces the Aicazar has had on
in some time and is sure to do a big
week's business. A revival of "The But
ti-riiit-s" will follow.
"Tho Mcister of Wood Barrow"
Creates Fun at the Alcazar, and
Fisch.er's Presents New Fea
tures — Hold-Overs.
Well Acted and Beautifully
Staged, It Charms a
Large Audience.
"LADY SLAVEY"
SCORES A HIT
AT THE GRAND
assignment to staff duty at the. headquar
ters of that department. ', ¦-.
Captain George \V. | Van Deusen of the
Seventh Artillery has been. relieved from
dutyat-army-headquarterB and has been
ordered to rejoin his battery at Fort Tot
ten, New York. Major Leon A. Matile of
the Fourteenth Infantry has been re
lieved , from duty at Fort Slocum, New
York, and has been ordered to Join the
home battalion of his regiment, which re
cently arrived at Fort Wayne from the
Philippines.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Thomas B.
McCown has been assigned to the trans
port Flintshire as medical officer during
her outward»voyag:e. .
Acting Assistant Surgeon Loren B. T.
Johnson has been ordered to proceed to
the Philippines on the transport Logan.
Leave of absence for twenty days, with
permission to visit the United States, has
been granted to Brigadier General James
H. Wilson, who is now stationed in the
Department of Matanzas. He will be. ac
companied by his aids — First Lieutenant
James H. Reeves of the Second Cavalry
and First Lieutenant G. Soulard Turner
of the Tenth Infantry.
Major William H. Miller, quartermaster
U. S. V., has been -relieved from duty as
chief quartermaster of the Department
of | Matanzas. =¦,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY . 15. 1900.
8
WHERE
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY *H HOURS
OF STAGINO.
AND ONLY «W.OO FOR THE RpUJJD TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR O N E MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPR1NCS
DANCING six nights of the week, p 0 *^"'
Tennis. Bowling. Cement Swimming Taii»£.
ACRES of Shady Groves and MILE& of aaaay
W Fl'nlst Deer Hunting In the County. Hunting
Horses and Guides. Hot Mineral and \apor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
MALE AND FEMALE MASSEURS.
Cu^Tprope^eT 'JJKSSi SUMES
by Ca^ eC on rl L^'e D. CRAIO «• Montgomery
street, or address CRAIG & WARNER. HlgH-
land Sprlncs. Cal. . Traveler
Fcr further Information call at Traveler
office. 20 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
livery uay
Is a day of pleasure and relaxation
from the cares and worries of business
and every-day exactions of city life at
Paso Robles Hot Springs. Bath-house
225x60 feet: cost J25,0OO; one side for
women. Cemretent men and women
masseurs. . Rheumatism. Dyspepsia or
Catarrh, so common near the coast, are
' Impossible here— the Hct Mineral Mud.
I Sulphur and Hot Sand Baths make
it so. Every modern convenience at
the hotel. Rates for hotel, baths and
t physician, J10 to |21 a week. Write
for Illustrated booklet.
SPECIAL BOUND- TRI? KEBATE TICSKT3.
For further Information "apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent,
Tel. Red 2336. 640 Market St., S. F.
j Otto K. Never. ProprUtsr. Pn» RobUs. Cal.
PAR AISO HOT SPRINGS. c - rl8 A b^ r o ,L
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-date
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: gwlmmlng tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
danre hall: large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
'lnic special accommodations for families: all
Ulurrlnated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
Bend streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m. : First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:13 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad then by stage over beautiful level road 7
mile* to spring*. Round-trip tickets. $?. at S.
p office. 613 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlets i and fur-
ther Information address E. L. PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
R0WARDENNAN
IN THE SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
Now open and offering every charm to pleas-
ure and health-seekers. Boatln*. swimming,
fl-htnir. tennis, crwjuet, billiards, bowline alley,
golf links, good driving and saddle horses, su-
perior table. Campers' ticket from San Fran-
cisco $3 CO Full Information at Traveler office,
2<T Montgomery St., or B. DICKINSON, Lessee.
Ben Lomond. Cal. .
FRFE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS
CAMP MEEKER£ 8 e o rt %SS
Redwoods of Sonoma Co.: Free Boating. Bath-
Ing. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell from *10
to J75. Cottages built from J30 and upward.
Board and lodging »6 per week; unfurnished
rooms. $1 per week. Mrs. Locke, 833 CFarrell
St., will take parties to Inspect camp: round
trip SI 5A. via Sausmlito ferry, or address M. C.
MEEKER. Occidental. .
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Ukiah. Mendodno County.
Natural electric waters, champapne baths: only
place in the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from sprlnes to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: flsMng and hunting: crystal spring:
accommodations and table first class. Opens
Arl J. A. REDEMKTKR ft CO.. Proprietor*.
OO T«">
BYRON
HOT"
It's THE Sanitarium. These Wonderful
Hot Mineral Rath" will o»r» vour Rheu-
iriaHsm nnd Malaria. Address
A BETTENS. Mgr.. Byron Hot Sp*9.. Ca».
S Or Lnmbnrrt & Co.. City Aeents. room
i w> 3fi Geary st.
DK C. V. O'DOXXKLT.'S 3II>'Ki:AL
SPItlNUS at Glen Ellen Is the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. The
ereateat remedy for lung disease, liver and
stomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in
the world: 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
nnd S. F. and N. P. R. R. Rive special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished:
rent cnean. No foes nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 10HH
Market it., bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this Is the place ».o go.
There Is every desired comfort
and "leasure. besides health, at
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
J. Martens, prop.. Bachelor P. O.
Lake Co. >
City Office. 416 Pine st,. S. F.
IND F»eNDENC r - U A K E
In the heart of the Sierra*. Perfect climate,
fine fishing, excellent table, magnificent" for-
est; no poison oak. no pests. An Ideal spot
for families. Pee /The Traveler" for partic-
ulars. Open June I. Address MRS. H. M.
CLEM0N8, Virginia City. Nev.
CARLSBAD e n r c a s l .
Most beautiful spot In Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and .bladder affections. Accommodations first
class: f!0 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. M'GOVERN. Kelseyvtlle. Lake Co.
PLANTATON n i USE—?*VirS; r F 0 RO »
eta*': line. Good trout fishing; plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free , conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGKR. Seaview. Sonoma Co. or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. for particulars.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Strictly First-clasa Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRY. Proprietress.
BO! FOR BLUE LAKES.
boating and bathlne. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. P.. Lake County. Cal.
BEN LOMOND.
I^ rKe Ti urnlshed houie to 1't: » rooms, hot
msHOP^rT^h .Toakg thcre - &
THE GEYStRS, £-«"¦
K.,?. NE °. F NATURE'S WONDEUS. '
h.Vn^!!^ 1 «Mm bathi, , iwlmmlns. ftshlng.
wg&?M E 'i{ er Ma^ye'r U f ° r ' L
l r iat!VaL CU THOMAS E. MORGAN. Dutch
FOR AN OUTING....
VISIT ONE OF THE MAKT MINEItAI*
! SPRING RESORTS ALONG THE
California.. . .
Northwestern
Railway Co.
Lessee of SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH
PACIFIC RAILWAT COMPANT.
(THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE OF CALI-
: FORNIA.)
Where the Famous Mineral Waters
of the World Are Duplicated.
1 If you prefer the simple home life of the
, Ranch. v free from fashion's restraints, there
. are many In our section from which to ehoos«.
But if you would rather the tent In some
r shady nook, near a lovely lake, or on the bank
of some beautiful stream, remember such loca-
tions are numerous and free of charge.
Call for "VACATION." a little book Just
Issued by the Company, riving Camping Loca-
tions, Hotels. Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
; list of one hundred and sixty-seVen Farms and
homes, where Board for the Summer can be se-
cured at from I3.C0 to J8.C0 per week-
Ticket Office. «50 Market street (Chronicle
bulldinr).
General Office. Mutual Life building, San-
some and California streets. San Francisco.
H. O. WHITING,
' General Manager.
R. X. RYAN,
General Passenger Agent.
TAVERN OF
j Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located in the midst of srarvl and lmpresstT*
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Crags for a
background.
FINE HUNTING AND FISHING.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip, including
sleeper both ways. 914.
For rates, terms and ether information ad-
dress: E. B. PIXLET. Manager.
C»rc Pskclflc Improvement CompAry (
Crocker Building. San Francisco-.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th* waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Gort. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia, Dvspepsla and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints Hotel and cottages renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. Ill to $14 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. -9 a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. dally. Carriages at GUroy
fcr springs. For Ulnstrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
34 Hours' Ride From Loa Angeles, Cal
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WE3T.
Second Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament. ausDices the "Tuna. Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB,
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
< rangementa for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
OEOROE W. THOMPSON.
(21 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
2T> South Spring »t.. Loa Angeles. Cat
SKAn(T^ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
rv^*'J*J^' County; only 4H hours
from ban Francisco and but nine miles of
staging: waters ncted for medicinal virtues:
bej-t natural bath • In State: grand mountain
scenery: good trout streams at door: telephone,
telesrraph; dally mall and express: FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages: round trip from
San Francisco onlv $5 M. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:S0 a. ra. or S:SO p. m. Terms. V a toy or
112 a week. References— Any puwrt of the past
fl>e year*; patronare wirmtaMIv Increasing.
J. V. MfLCREK Pr"prt»tor.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs.
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat: finest sc«nery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate In Cal-
ifornia: ideal grounds and surroundings: on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco: IS a
week; open all year:-iw?nd for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
O PEN'S MAT lit- Round W***'^
circulars. FREESE & JLEROENSEN.
Proprietors. City offl-e. 9» Larkln street.
ST- HELENA SAMTARIUM %£SS?&
SSSfS^i h^nh ln r'rr[ iO a n s w%*£ 8S^
f5ny Quipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at si Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. II ELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The mos* attractive place In Lake County to
spend ?our vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
&£?%• UTery ' new "H'-^MB^r
circular i j^urei Dell. Lake County. Cal.
« 7 rioFlll ITTF* hou r« from San
YUOLl»ll 1 L» Francisco, via the Big
r»<il« Flat route. Stage* leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. . R. dally. Round trio from
fian F"rancl«co SS2. For further Information call
p? addrws WM. J. WHITE. General Agent.
S> Market it- 8. F.: telephone Main 6133.
Vk c - TOCALOMA, M & m
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
datlcns; reasonable rates: for famtles and par-
tics' fishing, bathing, beatutlful drives to Bear
VaUey. etc. JOSF.PH P. BERTRAND or Pahl'i
shoe store. 124 Kearny it.. 8. F. _
HOITT'S MENLOFARK.
The beautiful grounds and new buildings at
Holtt's School will open to guests during June
and July: good accommodations, excellent table,
reasonable prfcca. Address IRA O. HO1TT.
NAPA SOl>A SPRINGS.
UNDER HKW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANX. Napa rioda Springs P. a
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet ranch, five
miles from Santa Crux: delightful summer
: horn* m redwoods: running water: abundaac*
fruit, good tabU: t«rms *S BO week. Address
W. CKANPELL, Santa Crua. Cal
1IIL
That is one of the essential fea-
tures of value to consider when
you contemplate investment in
oil stock.
The lands of the
Are all of section 2.t and one-
quarter of the adjoining section
•14, Township zv south. Range IS
East, M: D. M.
And you will discover this tract
to lie midway between the almost
parallel ledges of 'oil sandstone,
and shale extending through
Fresno County, and on a direct
line from Oil City to the Kreyen-
hagen arid Black Mountain
flowing wells.
If you contemplate large in-
vestment it mipht pay you to
take a trip to Coalinca and visit
this tract. In that event you
would invest more heavilv.
A limited ainount of fully paid
non-assessable stock is now of-
fered at 50 cents per share.
Callor send for prospectus, j It
tells the story.
Address all communications to
OsMr Oil Company
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Represented in San Francisco
by J. P. MASSIE. Room 14,
Fifth Floor, Mills building.
In Chicago by G. GIRLING,
269 Dearborn street.
LOS' ANGELES OFFICE—
402 Douglas Block.
IBBBEEIEiBBIBBBEBBaBBBH
Il 7'H t'' uj^y**" . , £ * *fr ' ,,,, , - w
Central California
San Jose is the central city of California and
Hotel Vendome la Us most- attractive feature
Adjacent to Lick Observatory. New Almadon
Quicksilver Mine, Alum Rock, Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first-class
in every respect, with service unsurpassed
Rates reasonable. For further information call
at "Traveler" office, 20 Montgomery St., San
Francisco, or address
, ¦ •;.-.- GEO. ' P. BXELL, Mgr.. Ban Jose. Cal.
WALORUHE,
Sonoma Mountains. . Excellent accommodations
for families and sportsmen. First-class table
AH kinds of dairy produce.- Fine spring water'
Hates $7 . up. v Send ' for circular. C II ¦ w' '
¦imUXIXG. Santa Rosa. 'Cal. • "•
Kenilworth Inn, Mill Valley.
Thoroughly renovated. Electric lights, bil-
liards, > lawn tennis, croquet. Strictly flrnf
class. For terms apply to Mn. P. J. ¦ Martina.
EL MOVTF HftTFI ws ..qatos, cai-
LL IHV.MC UlMCLi. Iteautlful ground,
magn flcent .view and . first-class accommodal
ttons'. Large :• sunny rooms." . Special rate, toThe charge of disturbing the peace
against J. C. Nobman, Deputy Sheriff,
was dismissed by Judge Cabanlss yester
day. Nobman was arrested about two
months ago on complaint of his stepmoth
er for going to her house and raising a
row because she had been made the sol©
beneficiary of his father's estate. Nobman
claimed that he went to ask for Informa
tion and received very curt treatment.
Mrs. F. Wolf Meets With an Accident
Through the Carelessness of a
Conductor.
Mrs. F. "Wolf, an elderly woman resid
ing at 707 Tehama street, was Injured yes
terday morning by the carelessness of a
conductor In starting a street car too
soon.
At Ninth and Market streets she board
ed Valencia-street car No. 8 on its way
from the ferry. She had placed her right
foot on the step when the conductor rang
the bell and the car started. Mrs. Wolf
was thrown to the ground with such force
as to render her unconscious. »
She was carried into the St. Nicholas
pharmacy and was subsequently removed
to the hospital. It was found that there
was a lacerated wound on her scalp, her
left foot was sprained and her back was
Injured.-. She was also suffering from the
shock.
INJURED BY BEING
THROWN FROM A CAR
Death of Mrs. E. W. Gagan.
Mrs! E. W. Gagan, widow of the late
William Gagan. who founded the Oakland
News, died yesterday in this city at her
son's home on' Bartlett street. She had
been ill several months. In the early six
ties she came to California with her
husband and settled In Oakland. She was
an Influential member of the Unitarian
church. She was the mother of four
children— Grant W. Gagan, Lincoln F.
Gagan, Mrs. F. W. Babcock and Mrs.
Jennie B. Poultney.
Note— Th«»e papers on practical science have
been prepared for The Call's Home Study Circle
by Professor William J. Hopklna of Drexel Ia-
stltute.
VII. HIGH-SPEED TELEGRAPH
SYSTEMS.
Under the original system of telegraphy,
with a single wire, the speed with which
messages could be sent or the number of
words a minute was limited by the ca
pacity of the operators in sending and
taking. If there were no reason why the
telegraph lines could not be multiplied In
definitely there would be no limit to the
number of messages that could be sent
In a day or in an hour, for as many dif
ferent lines could be used with the In
struments and operators at each end as
the desired speed called for. But the
erection and maintenance of a telegraph
line Is an expensive matter. There has
been, therefore, a continuous effort to use
one line or two for as many messages as
possible at the same time. By special ar
rangement of circuits and Instruments In
the "duplex" and "quadruplex" systems
it is possible to send several messatres
over the same wires at the same time
without confusion, and various devices
have been brought forward from time to
time for increasing the number that can
be so sent. Speed Is gained also by the
use of machines for sending and receiv
ing, instead of the hand work or opera
tors. The Hughes printing telegraph does
this, and has been very widely used for
many years. However, if several ma
chines can be worked at the same time
over one line there is still further gain.
The most recent system working on this
principle is that of Professor Henry A.
Rowland.
Rowland's Multiplex Printing Tele-
graph.
Little more than a year ago a public
test of this system was made between
Jersey City and Philadelphia. It has not
yet gone Into commercial use and all the
details have not been made public, but
the main features of the. system can be
described.
The lines can be duplexed In the usual
way and beyond this point multiplexing
is obtained In a manner that Is not new.
although it Is said that the arrangement
for the purpose Is particularly efficient
and successful. The general method re
ferred to Is the use of a revolving com
mutator at each end of the line, by means
of which the line Is devoted successively
for very brief Intervals to different sets
of Instruments. The commutators must
evidently synchronize exactly for success
ful operation; that i». at the moment that
the commutator brush at the sending end
is on the segment connected with ma
chine A, the brush at the receiving end
must be in contact with the segment for
the corresponding receiving Instrument,
A. Otherwise there will be confusion of
messages or failure to receive. A syn
chronizing arrangement of this nature has
been in use in the Delancy system for
many years.
The Rowland system Is peculiar In that
the line current employed Is alternating
In character, of a uniform' frequency; for
example, eighty alternations a second.
The commutator brush Is In connection
with any one transmitter long enough for
the transmission of ten complete cycles
and the signals consist in the omission
from these ten cycles of one or more half
wave; lengths. ¦- By differently combining
these omissions, therefore, a great num
ber of different signals may be sent. The
signals are received by machines so con
structed that a given combination causes
the printing of a particular ¦ letter on a
tape or an ordinary letter page. ,
The transmission is by hand, and each
transmitting machine, therefore, requires
Copyright, 19OO, by Seymour Eaton.
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
In a test between New York and Chi
cago, the longest distance over which the
system has been tried, over 1000 words a
minute were sent, and at Budapest, over
a shorter line, a speed of 2S0O words a
minute has been reached.
The receiving Instrument Is essentially
a telephone receiver, and Its diaphragm
moves toward the magnet pole or away
from It In accordance with the direction
of the current impulses sent over the line.
These motions are recorded photograph
ically. Fcr this purpose a small concave
mirror Is flexibly connected to the dia
phragm . and pointed In such a manner
that a turning movement is produced
which magnifies the diaphragm move
ments and causes a small spot of intense
light to move back and forth over a strip
of sensitized paper on a rapidly moving
drum. The positive line Impulse thus pro
duces an upward deflection of the spot of
light and a negative Impulse produces a
downward deflection. The first corre
sponds to the Morse dash and the second
to the dot. The corresponding characters
are shown In the cut.
This system perfected In Austria, is In
many respects a contrast to the Rowland
system. In principle It la extremely sim
ple, depending for Its high speed upon th«
rapidity of action and sensitiveness of a
diaphragm much like that of a telephone.
The signals are transmitted by a ma
chine which can be run at a high rate,
and before It can be sent the message
must be recorded upon a strip of paper
by means of holes punched in it at suita
ble distances. This strip of prepared pa
per Is then passed very rapidly under two
small brushes so connected to batteries
and the line that the contact of one brush
sends a current over the line In one direc
tion, the contact of the other brush a cur
rent In the other direction. The capacity
and Inductance of the line and the Influ
ence of the natural period of vibration of
the receiving diaphragm are neutralized
by the use of properly adjusted condensers
and Inductance colls.
The Pollak-Virag System.
At the receiving end a double-ended pol
arized relay is actuated by the line cur
rent. One armature connects with tho
synchronizing apparatus and regulates
the driving motor; the other armature
connects through the commutator with
the local selective relays. There are ten
of these for each receiving Instrument, so
arranged that for each combination of
half-wave omissions the type wheel Is
caused to print a particular letter. The
paper is then moved ahead, all the relays
are released and are ready for the next
signal.
an operator, each of whom has before hira
a keyboard with forty keys. These keys
are so interlocked with the ten contacts
that the depression of a particular key
causes the omission of a certain definitely
arranged set of half-periods, and conse
quently the printing of the correspondinsr
character by the machine at the receiving
end.
Private Heixnburger Turned a Peace
ful Hotel Into a Very Noisy
Battle Field.
George Heimburger, an unattached
member ot the United States Hospital
Corps, went on a spree yesterday morning
and sought refuge in the Ahlborn House
on Grant avenue. After half an hour's
rest he imagined that he was in Wolfville
and proceeded "to shoot 'em up some."
After announcing his intention he drew
his revolver and began shooting at the
gas globes In the rooms and wound up his
performance by smashing several win
dows with the butt of the weapon.
Patrolmen Alexander and Murphy of the
California-street police station outflanked
him when he was out of ammunition and
captured him. He was charged with dis
charging firearms within the city limits
and with malicious mischief.
HOSPITAL CORPS MAN
SHOT AT CHANDELIERS
Those who have had the matter under
consideration for some time past have
received assurances from a number of
Interior parlors that they will -send a
team to take part in the tournament. It
is the intention to make the games one
of the features of the jubilee celebration
next September. 'The final game will be
played on Admission day In this city.
G. G. Fraser was the chairman and W.
P. Humphreys secretary. It was an
nounced that It Is the intention to get up
a grand tournament to play in a circuit,
and just prior to the 9th' of September to
select the best two teams to play for a
trophy to be announced In the future. It
was decided to send invitations to all the
parlors that were not represented to at
tend a meeting to be held next Monday
niirht. when a full plan of organization
will be presented.
a Tournament During the
Jubilee Month.
• George G. Fraser, representing Pacific
Parlor of the Native Sons of the Golden
West: W. P. Humphreys of Mission Par
lor, F. A. Smith, El Dorado; J. J. Har
rington. Golden Gate; George Blethen and
E. R. Lamb. Brooklyn of Oakland: D.
W. Doody, Piedmont of Oakland; J. H.
Nelson. San Francisco, and C. J. Turner,
Alcatraz, held a preliminary' meeting last
night in the Native Sons' building for the
purpose of arranging a baseball tourna
ment which is to be open to teams from
every parlor In the State.
Preliminary Meeting to Arrange for
NATIVE BASEBALL
ON ADMISSION DAY
POLICE SERGEANTS
WILL BE PROMOTED
Charter Makes It Mandatory That
There Shall Be Ten Lieutenants
on the Force.
There will be a chance for promotion
for some sergeants in the Police Depart
ment. Up to yesterday the opportunity
had escaped the attention of Chief Sulli
van.
The charter says that there, "shall be
one lieutenant for each fifty police offi
cers." At present there are only five, and
in the appropriation for the department
submitted by the Chief six lieutenants
are provided for, the extra one being for
the City Prison.
The Chiefs attention was drawn to the
mandatory provision in the charter, and
on looking It up he said he thought it
read "may" Instead of "shall." and at
once said that he would have the matter
rectified.
When 4 Captain Bohen retired It left a
vacancy as captain, but City and County
Attorney Lane gave the opinion thai
there was no vacancy, as the charter
read: "There shall be one captain for
each 100 police officers." As there were
only &05 officers five captains wero
enough. The same reasoning would ap
ply to lieutenants.
The Chief is also entitled to 600 men. aa
the charter allows one officer for each
500 inhabitants. According to the last
census the population was 300,000. It is
considerably more now.
Takes Advantage of His Presence at
California University Medical
Alumni Banquet to Vent
His Displeasure.
Mayor Phelan took advantage of a privi
lege accorded him to speak at the banquet
of the Alumni of the Medical Department
of the University of California at the Pal
ace Hotel last night, to vent his spleen
on the press for its successful attack on
his Board of Health on. the occasion of
its recent attempt to loot the public treas
ury by foisting on the city a bubonic
plague scare that was proved to be a
larce After costing the city hundreds of
thousands of dollars in casn and traue he
nad the effrontery to attempt to poison
the minds of the graduates against the
press by pretending to instruct them in
the ethics.
The subject of "Public Sanitation' gave
the Mayor a pretended excuse, and he
commenced his attack almost as soon as
he got on his feet.
"1 will have to apologize, he said, for
the Board of Health and that I am either
directly or indirectly connected with it.
Vou eee, I read the papers and I know
whereof I speak. Why snould the medical
men who comprise that board attempt to
give the city good sanitation when it is
not to their pecuniary benerit to do so?
That U the ethics of the press, and I am
sure we must all agree t&at the press is
always right and that it works for the
good of the city. But, speaking seriously,
the mission of the Board of Health Is
misunderstood by the press because its
zeal outruns its discretion. Its mission
must not be thwarted even though,
through Its loyalty, it must suffer the
abuse and adverse criticism of the scurvy
politician and, if I may use the expression,
the scurvier Journalist."
Aside from the scurrilous attack of the
Mayor the bancjuet was a very pleasant
affair. About 15i> covers were laid. Dr.
Gardner Perry Pond made an excellent
toa.»ttnaster. After a bountiful feast the
following toasts were responded to:
"The Medical Man on the tiring Line."
Dr. decree Franklin Shields; "The Fac
ulty." Professor R. Beverly Cole; "The
Alumni." Dr. James F. McCoul; "The
College Akin to Medicine," Professor
Grten; "The Graduating Class." President
McCherney; "The University and the
Medical School." Dr. O. P. Jenkins of
Stanford University; "With the Boys in
Manila," Dr. Richardson.
MAYOR SCURR1L0USLY
ATTACKS THE PRESS
The Merchants' Association Review for
May has Just been issued. It contains sev
eral Interesting subjects. One Is "A Plan
for the Administration of Charity— the
San Francisco Merchants' Relief Fund,"
written by Andrew M. Davis. Superin
tendent L. M. King has contributed an in
teresting article on street sprinkling and
the experiments now being made In this
line by the association.
Public Topics Discussed.
The Board of Education has* in hand a
readjustment of school teachers' salaries
by which $8000 annually will be added to
the roll after the beginning of the next
fi«cal year. This is to conform to the
charter provisions governing emoluments
on a basis of a teacher's experience. In
the readjustment President Marks says
no reductions of pay will be made.
Increase in Teachers' Pay.
Must Compile Military Boll.
The City Attorney advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday, that It is oblig
atory on the Tax Collector to compile the
'•military- roll,"- so-called, as provided by
the Political Code.
Dr. Buckley Qualifies.
Dr. Vincent P. Buckley has qualified as
.1 member of the Board of Health to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation of
Dr. Hopkins.
Dirtective R. F. Graham of Captain Gil
len's secret service branch of the Mission
police force had an experience yesterday
that he is not anxious to repeat. He was
shadowing sume suspicious characters
whom he thought were not prowling
about for the g-ood of the community. In
order to head them off the detective
mace a short cut across a vacant lot
leading from Sixteenth Btreet. when
he was attacked by a vicious Irish
setter, the property of John Brown. The
dog evidently does not like detectives
and In this case made no bones of his dis
like, for he Jumped at Graham's throat.
This meant a fight. Marquis of Queens
berry rules waived, which had the effect
of putting the officer on his mettle. The
first round was all In the dog's favor as
Graham was knocked down and rolled
over. He won recovered himself, how
ever, and prepared to defend himself with
his club. The second round was decided
ly against the Irish setter, as he was sent
to eaxth. not, however, until he succeeded
In putting a rift in the weather leg of the
detective s best" Sunday pantaloons. A
third rally brought the canine's incisors
in contact with the fleshy part of a well
xvourJBhed calf, which brought out all the
fighting qualities of an enraged police
man. On© more well directed blow on tne
dog's head had the effect of stunning him,
¦when he was seized by the son of the
owner and led from the arena,
Not to be vindictive, the : generous de
tective will call the odds off on the
presentation of a pair of trousers from
Sir. Brown. • m$&&lm
DETECTIVE GRAHAM !
BITTEN BY A DOG
John Brown's Irish Setter Puts a Bif t
in a Mission Officer's Best Sun
day Pantaloons.
Morgue Surgeon Leland made an autop
sy yesterday upon the body of Mrs. Annie
Bridgef ord, who was . found dead in her
bed at 220 Third street last Sunday, morn
ing. He could find no evidence of natural
cause for the death of the woman.. There
waa considerable inflammation of the
stomach and other poison symptoms." The
stomach and its contents' were handed
over to the City Chemist for analysis.
Evidence of Poisoning.
Chester Keogh, who stands sixth on the
list, is at present stenographer for the
Board of Public Works ana has proved
himself to be a competent employe.
Though furnished with the three highest
ellgibies on the * list the board will prob
ably save Keogh by demanding a male
stenographer. Miss Sullivan is now em
ployed In the Street Department and will
have to resign unless there are enough
positions to cause the seventh place to
De reached. Miss Kendrlck is now em
ployed by the School Board. It Is hard to
say Just how many places are to be lilltd
as some departments are carrying stenog
raphers under the guise of clerks.
The important matter of holding the big
examination for clerks came up and while
no definite date was fixed it was decided
that examinations should be finished dur
ing June. There are about 6UU applicants
for these clerkships, which embrace
nearly all the positions in- the hall. Those
now holding the positions will have the
advantage given by experience In answer
ing the questions pertaining to the duties
of the particular places they fill.
The board decided that all future ex
aminations should be held by a special
board of six salaried examiners to be ap
pointed by the commission . if authority
can be obtained from the Supervisors.
Auditor Wells announced that he had
appointed the following named to serve
as additional clerks for ten days from
May 21: Miss Lena Jackson, Miss Jose
phine Weed, Miss Georgle Hadley, Miss
Mae Fraser. Mrs. J. Sterrett, Mrs. E. F.
Evans, Miss Lucy Little, Miss Ella Le
vltte. Miss Kate F. Conway, Mrs. L.
Pfenniger, Mrs. L. H. Brown and C. T.
Pidwell, expert.
STENOGRAPHER-TYPEWRITER ELIGIBLE
LIST.
Le prlx des bagages transportes dans
la voiture, avec les voyageurs, est
fixe a yingt-cinq centimes par colls.
Les petlts paquets ne patent pas.
luh pree day traunce-por-tay
feex-ay ko-Iee pay.
The price of baggage carried In the
carriage with the traveler is fixed at
25 centimes per piece. Small parcels
are free.
Dame — Quel est le prlx d'une course en
tramway, en tramway electrique?
kell-lay luh pree doon koorse ong —
a lek treek
What Is the fare for. a trip on the
street car. electric car?
Cocher— Le prtx general est: Interleur.
et sur le plate-forme (du cot* tlu
conducteur) 30 centimes (6 cents*;
exterieur. qulnze centimes <3 cents*;
la course entlere, sur toutes les
lignes.
The general price Is: Inside, and at the
platform (where the conductor
stands), 30 centimes; outside. 15 cen
times; all the way. any line.
Dame — Jo suppose qu'ilwy a des ornni
bua^ici? Quels aont les prlx?
kil!-lee-ah .
I suppose you use omnibuses here?
What are the prices?
Cocher — Les prlx des—omnibus varient
avec le nombre des personnes et
coQte de trols^a dlx francs. Una
certalne quantlte de bagage est
transport* gratis par les^omnibus;
Texcedant^est taxe au tarif gen
eral.
lay pree day zom-nee-boos vah-ree
tavek luh nombrr day payr-son ay
koot trwa zah dee fraun. Oon salr
tenn kaun-tee . tay duh bag-azj ay
traunce-por-tay grah-teece par-lays
zom-nee-boos lex-ay daun ta tax-ay
oh tar-eef .
The price of omnibuses varies accord
ing to the number of persons and
is from three to ten francs. A
certain quantity of baggage is car
ried free of charge by the omni
buses; the surplus Is taxed by the
tariff.
Dame— Tres blen. avancez. Faltes le tour
dans la ville pendant -une heure.
tray-bee-yang, ah-vaun-say fett ran
dong Ia ville paun-daun toon-uhr.
Very well, go ahead; drive me around
the city for an hour.
Dame— Je suis tres content du service.
Arretez maintenant. s'il vous plait.
koon-taun mahn-tuh-naun
seel voo play.
I am very pleased with the service.
Stop now, please.
Cocher— Madame est bien bonne.
bee-yang baun.
I thank you. madam.
Dame— Pouvez-vous venir demaln maun?
poo-vay voo vay-neer duh-mahn
Could you not call to-morrow morn-
Ing?
Cocher— A quelle heure?
ah kell uhr.
At what time? ¦-*¦ -
Dame— Eh blen* a neuf~heure3 ou
neufwheures^et demie.
a y ah nuv uhr oo nuv vuhr-zay
dem-ee. .„
Well, say at 9 or half-past.
Cocher— Ou demeure-t-elle. madame?
oo-duh muhr-tell . •' ' ,
Where do you live, madam?
Dame Je suia—a presenwa I' hotel Byron.
sweezah-pray-zaunt .
I am stopping In Hotel Byron.
Cocher— J'y serai, madame. sans faute;
au revoir!
zjee-ser-ray saun fote oh-ray
voh-ahr. .' IT' Z ,
I will be on hand without fall. Good
by, madam.
La dame donne au cocher^un pourboire
de vingt-cina centimes; le cocher la re
mercie. se decouvre. la salue et part. La
dame entre dans — un magasin.
lah dahm don o koshay run poor bwar
duh vln-sank lah rem-mair-see suh
day coovr lah sahloo ay par ontr dong
zung man ghah-zang.
The lady gives the driver a Up of 25
centimes, the driver thanks her very
much, takes his hat off and departs. The
buly centers a store.
. Beading Lesson.
The following la the proper translation
of the French exercise of last lesson. Th«
student will carefully compare the same
as far as he Is able.
tl> I have a check to cash. O How
much discount must I pay? <3> Can you
direct me to a first-class banking house?
(4) We have to attend to some business
transactions, io) They charge 5 per cent
discount. (&> Is this a wholesale or a re
tail store? <7> Can you give me a receipt
for It? <S> Let us go to the public auc
tion. (9) Will you answer this note for
me? (10) With pleasure, sir: I will do It
right away. (11) They are going to give a
dance to-night.
Note— Thes« lessons have be« preoared for
The Call's Home Study Circle by Prof. Benno
Klrschbaum of Philadelphia. They are In
tended primarily for Americans who purpoae
attending the Paris Exposition. The lessons
will Include (1) common French words and
phrases, (Z) easy conversation and U) simple
readinr lessons.
LESSON 13— TKEIZIEME LECON.
TEAY-ZEB-AME XES-SONG.
A Talk With a French Driver.
Conversation avec^-un cocher frangais.
Kong-valr sah-see-ong ah-vek ung ko
shay fraun-say.
Dame— Cocher. etes-vous llbre?
ko-shay ett voo leebr.
Driver, are you disengaged?
Cocher— Madame, je suis~a vos^ordres.
swee-zah zordr.
Madam, I am at your service.
Dame— Parlez- vous --anglais?
zaun-glay.
Do you speak English?
Cocher — Xon. madame, je parle seulement
le frangais.
No, madam. I speak only French.
Dame— Je desire vous retenir pour diffe'r
entes courses.
day-zeer ret-neer deef-fay
raunt koorse.
I wish to engage you for different
trips.
Cocher— Certainement, avec plalslr.
sayr-ten-mong ah-vek play-zeer.
Certainly, with pleasure.
Dame— Quel -^est le tarif?
kell-lay luh tah-reef.
"What are the prices?
Cocher— Les prix varient; void le tarif,
madame.
lay pree vahree; vwah-see
The prices differ; here they are:
Le prlx d'une voiture a deux places,
pendant le jour, est 1 franc &0 cen
times (30 cents); et 2 francs pour^une
voiture a cjuatre places (40 cents).
luh d'oon vwa-tuur ah duh plass
pon-dong luh zjoor ay ung frung
sank-aunt ay duh ah katr plass.
The price for a carriage with two
seats during the day i3 1 franc 50
centimes (about 30 cents), and 2
francs (about 40 cents) for a carriage
with lour seats.
Dame — Ah, Je cemprends, et pendant la
nuit?
kong-prong; ay pon-dong lah nwee.
I see; and what about the night?
Cocher— Pendant la nuit, les prlx sont re
spectivement de deux francs vlngt
cinq centimes et deux francs cinqu
ante centimes.
nwee ress-pec-teev-mong dun
vahn-sank ay sank-aunt
During the night the prices are. re
spectively, 2 francs 25 centimes <4o
cents) and 2 francs 50 centimes (aO
O£titfl)
Dame— Puis-Je prendre un fiacre a l'heure?
fee-acr ah-luhr.
Can I hire a cab by the hour?
Coches— Certainement, madam*, les prix
sont.
sayr-ten-mong
Yes, madam; the prices are:
Pendant le Jour, deux francs^et deux
francs clnquante.
pon-dong luh zjour duh
During the day 2 francs and 2 francs
50 centimes.
Da me _Ah, Je comprends; mals si je
prends^un fiacre a la gare?
kom-prong may see juh prung
OhfTVee; but If I take a cab at the
station? • , ..
Cocher-Eh. bien. en ce cas la les prix
sont dlfferents. ,.,...
ay-bee-yans anh suh-kah-lah song.
Well. then, the prices differ again:
Par course, un franc quatre-vlngta
centimes; deux francs vingt-cinq
centimes le Jour; trois francs la nuit.
Fo/ the° trip. 1 f'r. SO cent. (33 cents);
•> fr 2S cent. (.45 cents) In the day.
Three francs at night (60 cents).
Dame— Je vous remercie blen. Ces prlx
sont-lls selon le tarif^actuel?
mayr-cee bee-yang suh-long
fac-tuu-ell-
Thank you very much. Are these
prices standard?
Cocher— C'est le tarif pour toute la -ville
de Paris.
say pah-ree.
This Is the tariff all over Pans.
Dame — Donnez-moi votre numero?
What Is your number, sir?
Cocher— Neuf cent quatre-vingt-dix-neuf.
nun-song cattr-vang-dees-nuf.
Mv number Is 993.
Dame— Avant de partlr dltes-mol quelq 1 *
chose a regard des bagages?
avaun duh par-teer deet mwa kel-kuh
shoze ah lay gar day .
Before we start, will you tell me some
thing about baggage?
Cocher— Le tarif general est:
The regular set tariff is:
The well-laid plot of the Eastern syn
dicate of track gamblers to reopen the
gates of Ingleside failed ignorainiously
yesterday at a meeting of the Board of
Supervisors, and Reed's ordinance pro
luoiting poolselling on dog or horse races
was adopted by a vote of ten to five. The
Mayor, recognizing the vast "Importance
of such legislation to the community at
large, affixed his signature to the meas
ure immediately and it is now a law of
tne municipality.
Desperate efforts had been made by the
racetrack contingent to defeat the meas
ure, as it meant that the legal' defect In
the ordinance now on the statute books,
which is substantially the .same as the
one adopted yesterday, would be discov
ered In the litigation brought by the man
agers of the coursing park and thus nul
lified by a court decision.
Supervisor Reed stated that the meas- '
ure prohibiting pools on dogs and horses
had been recommended by the commit
tee in the nature of a compromise. He
was satisfied that no severe ordinance
could be passed. His ordinance excluded
boxing contests from its restrictions, but
he suggested that the opponents" of the
manly art were at liberty to present a
bill covering that branch of sport, liran
aenstein asked Ileed if he tnought pool
rooms were an evil.
-if you will be guided by my reply,",
said Reed, "L say tney are."
"Well," said Branuensteln, why do
you except certain forms of sport. Why
not proniblt poolselnng on contests be
tween prize fighters?"
"Because," replied Reed, "there will be
no restrictions if this bill Is not passed.
It Is a well-known fact that the greatest
evil results from indiscriminate gambling
on horse and dog racing. Homes are
rulnecl and crimes are committed through
Its influence. No one ever heard of a man
being ruined by betting on prize tights.
Chief of Police Sullivan intormed the
committee that the damage was done by
horse race betting. This ordinance will
correct two evils, and if the third Is bad
why you gentlemen have it in your power
to regulate it."
The Mayor here Interposed that the
danger in not adopting Keed"s order lay
in the possible opening of Ingleside, on
account of a technical error in the meas
ure now on the statute book. By adopt:
Ing the order it would fortify the old one
now in force and preclude the possibility
of opening the racetrack, with its attend
ant evils.
The vote on final passage was: Ayes —
Booth, Brandenstein, Comte, Connor,
Curtis, D'Ancona, Dwyer. Jennings, Ma
gulre and Reed; noes— Boxton, Helms,
Hotallng, McCarthy and Tobln; absent—
Duboce, Fontana and Sanderson.
The ordinance prohibiting the visiting
or poolrooms where gambling Is carried
on Dy poolselling on contests between
horses or dogs came up for reconsidera
tion, but Tobin stated that he had de
cided to withdraw his original motion to
reconsider and the Mayor declared the
ordinance lost. Comte contended that
Tobin had no right to withdraw his notice
to reconsider, and Tobln decided to make
his motion after all, but it was lost by a
vote of 8 to 7, ten votes being necessary
for adoption.
The ordinance prohibiting the sale of
parts mutuels, or betting on fractional
parts of boxing contests was lost, Booth.
Comte, D'Ancona, Jennings, Reed and
Tobln voting aye, and Boxton, Branden
stein, Connor. Curtis. Dwyer. Helms,
HotalinK and McCarthy voting against It.
Connor moved that the order be indefi
nitely postponed, as he considered that
the board should proceed slowly in the
matter of prohibiting gambling, but his
motion was lost. Brandenstein said that
gambling was a subject for elimination
and not for regulation. Reed stated that
the object of the ordinance was to put an
end to "fake" contests. He said that
betting on horse racing was an admitted
evil, whereas no one had ever been seri
ously damaged by betting on boxing con
tests, and the prohibition of paris mu
tuels would tend to elevate the sport.
Mayor Fhelan Signs Measure Passed
by Board of Supervisors and
It Becomes a Law Im
mediately. .
Order Adopted • Prohibiting
Poolselling on Horse or
SIGNAL FAILURE
OF THE PLOT TO
OPEN INGLESIDE
The Municipal Civil Service Commission
met last night and announced the result
of the recent competitive examination for
places as stenographers and typewriters.
Of the thirty women applicants fifteen, or
just one-half, passed. Of the seven men
but one was successful, the total being
sixteen. The following is the eligible list
returned by the commission in the order
of standing:
Only One Man Received Sufficient
Credits to Become Eligible, While
Fifteen Women Succeeded.
in Passing.
Civil Service Board Gives
| # List of Successful
EXAMINATION OF
CLERKS TO TAKE
PLACE IN JUNE
£ tzpervisors Appropriate Money for
jleraorial Day Celebration — New
Hospital May Be Built on
Almshouse Tract.
An ordinance to regulate and restrict
¦Arerttelas was introduced by Branden
ptein at yesterday's meeting of the Board
of Supervisors and passed to print. The '
j.-.- fcs&TC is directed at freak advertise
rrvmtffi including the advertising car and
the sandwich man. It was made unlawful
to appear on the streets carrying banners
or placards, to appear in extraordinary
costume or to make any unusual noise for
the purpose of attracting attention to ad- ,
vertlsements, or to paint advertising mat-
Tt-r <.n the eide walks or gutterways. The
clanging of a bell during political time*
by ambitious candidates will also be pro
hibited under the order, which reads as
follows:
Section 1. It BhaU be unlawful for any per
ron, association or corporation to propel or
cause to be propelled ar.y ttreet car In the
urtfis of the city and county of San Pran
< > witfa adverti^-mects printed. j/SLsted or
i ...:.:- -- on tb* out>lde of said care.
{fee. 2. To a;i>ear on th«? streets of the city
and cour.ty o: tan Francisco, carrying banners
cr board* or placards with advertisements; pro
vided tr.at the provisions of this section thall
Rot apply to notices or advertisements by labor,
Iraterr-aj or char:t«il/Ie organization* of their
nirrrt;!i£8. acts or other affairs.
tec. £. To aii*ar en the streets of the city
end otmatj et tan Francisco in extraordinary !
or unusual costume cr dresa, or riayinc oa
*r.uslc*l instruments, or making any unusual
m«!F*. for the purpose of advertising; or at
tracting attention to advertisements.
t>c. ?. It ttta.ll be unlawful tor any person,
et-ociatton or corporation to stencil, paint or
i -ste ar.y kind of advertising matter on the
streets. euUerway* or sidewalks, or on any
cor.ftructioa placed upon the street or the side
niilit of the city and crn;nty of San Francisco.
Sec. 5. It shall t>e unlawful for any person,
association or corporation to distribute, or
cause to t» distributed, any handbills cr dodg
trs u;>on the streets or sidewalks of the city
ar.d county of t-ari Francisco.
&ec. 6. Any person, association or corpora
t; r. violating any of the provisions of this
oramanc* rhall be deemed gruilty of a misde
meanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be
punished by a tin* ot not mere than five hundred
• : -i doilan or ty imrritenmert ia the County
Jail n-'t exce»-<iir.jr en (<) months, or by both
each fine and imprisonment.
The ordinance limiting the height of ad
vertising fences and bill boards to twenty
fett was laid over for consideration until
tie best meeting in order to give the pub
lishers and printers of this city an oppor
tunity to be heard in opposition to the
proposed measure.
The bill appropriating the sum of $500
for the proper celebration of Memorial
Day was lir.ally passed, notwithstanding
the objection of Supervisor Brandenstein,
who he<d that as there wi±s no money In
the treasury the expense should not be
Incurred. The Mayor was empowered to
take charge of the fund and he announc
ed the following committee to arrange
for the celebration:
i^mud W . C'arj-enter. fever H. Mhm, W. V.*.
Stone. Cbarlea Kdelman. J. A- Whiteslle, \V.
It. faracu, K. 11. Warhtld, E. T. Ailen. Hor
are Wilson, K'.^i.a Urooks, James Butter. W.
F. Howe. K. E. Meyers. Samuel M. Carr. Colo
nel Victor D. Duboce. C. R. Detrick. Lieuten
ant Cot part Thomas F. O'N'eil. Major Charles
lioiton. Colonel Decc:s G«ary. J. *"- Fitx
geraJd.
The resolution dedicating a lot of land
on the westeriy line of Dewey boulevard
in the Alms-house tract as a site for the
ZCew City and County Hospital was post-
X>o!i«rd for one week, until the views of
the Board of Health may be ascertained
regarding the best location for the In
stitution.
Supervisor D'Ancona explained that the
site nad been selected by the Hospital and
Health Committee on account of its fa
vorab.e climatic conditions. It was fairly
well protected by a hill and the drainage
va> ail thai could be desired.
Supervisor Maguire said the Mission had
been made a dumping ground for many
year? and It was time to call a halt. The
SdJstttoB had a hospital, pesthoupe and
railroad tracks and he asked that the
Hospital be removed.
Supervisor McCarthy argued that a
modern hospital was not dangerous to
public health, and that the proper place
ior fuch an Institution was in Its present
locality.
Supervisor Curtis said that the Mission
demar.ded the removal of the hospital and
ifce substitution of a park In its place.
Sui^rvisor D'Ancor.a agreed to a post
ponement, thouph he said the Health
Board already favored the Almshouse
tract.
Supervisor D f Ar.cona informed the board
that as chairman of the Hospital Commit
tee It was his duty to sign the demands
oa the City ar.d County Hospital. From
an Investigation of the bills submitted he
was satisfied that the contractors for
drugs were not furnishing the quality set j
forth in the contract. He was positive
that the drug? were being sold to the city
for less than cost and that inferior drugs
•were, therefore, being supplied. He men
tioned one Instance of "fluid extract,"
which was scheduled in the bid at J" 50,
when he knf-w that it could not be bought
for less than 115. Other instances had
ooire to his notice and he desired the
txmrd to tak*> some action to prevent ar.y
further fraud. The matter ¦was referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Miscellaneous Business.
The bide of the Evening Post and Bul
letin to print the delinquent tax roll at
»-=i and I2Lj cents per name respectively
were submitted and the contract was
r.warded to the Post.
The request of the Auditor that he be
allowed to appoint fifteen extra clerks
was referred to the Finance Committee
and the recommendation of Mayor Phe
j;tn that thirteen clerks be appointed was
later adopted.
Supervisor Reed announced that June 7
had been fixed as the date for the inspec-
Ordinmce Aimtd at Exist
ing Methods Is Passed
to, Print.
WILL PROHIBIT
FREAK DISPLAY
IN ADVERTISING
AN ordinance Intended to remedy the faulty service given by the tele
phone company on party linos was Introduced by McCarthy at yester
day's meeting of the Board of Supervisors, and it was passed to print
without a dissenting voice. The ordinance provides that no person, firm
or corporation engaged in the business of supplying telephonic service to the
city or its inhabitants shall maintain more than five telephone instruments
upon any one party line. Violation of this- ordinance Is made punishable by a
fine of $100 or Imprisonment for 100 days, or both.
McCarthy addressed the board in favor of the ordinance, which, he held,
would result in an improvement over the present defective telephonic service.
He said that all legislation intended to bring the monopoly to a realizing sense
of the duty it owed to the community had proved somewhat abortive, and he
thought that the order presented would in a measure serve to correct some of
the abuses which hail crept in its administration of the valuable franchise,
for which it paid the city no corresponding return.
Brandcr^tein desired to know if the ordinance would not result In the
charge for party line telephones bein« largely increased. McCarthy replied
that be did not think the company would resort to retaliatory measures after
the severe peering to which it had been subjected during the agitation against
it« petty methods He remarked that the probable loss of subscribers by an
increased rate would deter it from any such action. His associates evidently
thought the same way. as they all voted for the ordinance.
tlon of Lake Tahoe and the improvements ;
ma<ie thereon. , I
The ordinance defining the powers or !
the Board of Public Works in regard to
building and other permits was referred
to the Street Committee.
Supervisor Housing's order regulating
the eale of liquors in side rooms of sa- ;
j loons and restaurants failed to be passed
to print and after a motion to postpone ,
: it indefinitely was lost. i
A resolution was adopted granting per- i
mission to the Mutual Savings Bank to |
ereet a ten-story tire-proof building. 14a .
feet in height, with steel and tile bii> roof ¦
added, forty feet high, on the north
of Market street near Kearny.
The order Imposing a license of $10 1 on
cars containing advertising matter was.
recommitted to the License and Orders
Committee. Ordinances imposing a 11- :
cei?e on circuses and side shows anil
other shows under canvas or in unroofed
inclosures, on cane or ring-throwing
racks, livery and boarding stables, bann
ers and brokers and carpet cleaners were
all finally passed. .. \
Supervisor McCarthy presented an ordi
nance which prohibits any person, tirm or,
corporation from engaging in the b usln , e j^ :
of house-raising, house-moving, shoring ,
I or holding up of buildings unless Quahr.ed
to do said work, and Imposing a license
tax of $50 per quarter.
Referred to Committees.
The following petitions, protests and
communications were referred to commit- ,
tees:
John T. Scott, protestlne asalr.st the »eUon ;
of the Judiciary Committee ir. recommend.nR
that advertislCE fences be limited to tweruj
* e j!' E. Stubbs. U D. Folsom and A. E.
Cheney, representing the citiier.s of K«no. .
Nev.. and protesting- aeain«t the project lo
divert the water* of Lake Tahoe for a munici
pal "vaier system. _,, .
F< deration of Mission Improvement Clubs re
questmK the extension of the pound limits to
the count" hut.
Official Communications. '
The following communications from city
officials were received:
Mayor Phelan. inclosing a communication j
from Ullie E. Wir.ans, who claims to own j
a portion of Randall street. ¦
Public llbrarj- trustees. ai>kln» for an ftd- ,
dltiona.1 appropriation of *tir«> to equip a ,
branch readine room In Golden Oate Park
Board of Public Works, recommending that ;
the roadway of Sixth street, between Irwin ,
I and Hubhell, be paved with basalt blocks, that
! artificUl stone sidewalks be constructed on ;
¦ Waller 6 txe*t, between Fillmore ar.d sterner:
! that the roadway of Filbert street, between I
I Pierce and Scott, be graded and paved with j
'bitumen; that the roadway of Church street.
between Market and Fifteenth, be fully a*
! cepted- also the full acceptance of i'acinc
i avenue between Baker and L.yon stre«s. the
croFsinir of Padnc a\-enue and Lyon ftreeta and
the crosslr.e of Pacific avenue and Baker street.
DRAW ON THE CITY
FOR PRIVATE HELP
-
Municipal Civil Service Commission
ers Expect to Furnish Business
Men With Employes.
A number of Inquiries have been made
recently of the Civil Service Commission
ers by business and professional men for
clerks, copyists and stenographers who
are on the municipality's eligible list.
Some time ago the business community
discovered that there was good material
to be had on these lists after the officials
had selected all required for the city's
work. The nature of the examinations
has been such as to determine the quali
fications of the applicants and it was rea
soned that if the latter were good enough
for the city they would be serviceable in
private business. Moreover, the matter
of character is also looked into by the
Commissioners. The latter are about to
issue the eligible list of typewriters and
stenographers — those who made the re
quired 75 per cent.
After the city's wants in these lines are
filled there will still be many capable per
sons who will be glad to secure positions
in private lines. A number have already
been called for. The examination for
clerks will take place on the 25th Inst.
and so far there are between 500 and GOO
applicants. Of these about 300 are ex
pected to make the required 75 per cent,
but the city will not require more than
100. The Commissioners believe that there
will be a big demand for clerks as soon
as the eligible list is made public.
PARTY LINES TO HAVE
FIVE NUMBERS ONLY
TWENTY LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
PUBLIC DECENCY TRIUMPHS
OVER THE
RACETRACK EV3L.
MATTERS AFFECTING
THE MUNICIPALITY
ORDINANCE- INTRODUCED
TO STOP ALL
FREAK ADVERTISING SCHEMES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.
.¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-.-.. «¦-—.*¦ ¦-.... • . » •' . - . ...... 7 ... ¦ .
WILLIAM RILEY , BONTER.
er Instance they were returned dishonored.
In addition to taking his roommate's cam
era Bonter also appropriated several other
personal belongings of his friend. ¦*4(M»
¦ Bonter*B friends have secured him de
sirable employment, repeatedly,' but the
allurements of the racetrack were too
much for him and he lost one position af
ter another :almoBt as fast as they, were
secured for hlm.- r . : ¦= ..-¦,¦¦¦¦¦..¦¦¦¦ -
The matter has been placed In the hands
of i the i police with ¦ Instructions to arrest
Bonter.
FELL PREY TO GREED
OF RACETRACK DEMON
c=jj=3HE ghouls of the racetrack have
gobbled- another victim In their
|| greedy Jaws. William Rlley Bonter,
a young man whose future was full
of promise and whose past was without a
blemish until he bit at the bait thrown
out to the unwary by the track gamblers,
has fled the city to escape the hand of
justice which is reaching out for him.
His friends assert that he has victimized
them, and his landlord, who conducts the
Hotel Wentworth, 657 Bush street/claims
that his missing guest has defrauded him
out of many months' room rent. '
Bonter fell under -the pernicious influ
ence of racetrack gambling about a year.
ago. Since . then; despite the efforts of
friends and implorings of relatives, he has
continued steadily: on the downward path.
Bonter. Is but 23 years of age and is the
son of a prominent merchant of Trenton,
Ontario," Canada. Of late he has been
charing a room with a friend at the Hotel
Wentworth. He left a note last Friday
for his roommate In which he said that
an uncle residing '; in Oakland had .. tele
phoned for him to come and see him. Bon
ter added in his parting epistle that he
would rather take poison than go, as he
knew his uncle would upbraid him for his
past misconduct." •? He also- Informed
friend that he had taken the latter' s- cam
era with - him. :.¦ Since; then "' nothing 1 'has
been heard from Bonter.
It appears that Bonter. is Indebted to the
hotel i proprietor f for about $160. He also
borrowed various small amounts from his
friends. .. On - several •" occasions ; he gave
checks to the landlord in payment of. his
board. '. These S were drawn \ on •: his father.
The first draft was paid, but In every oth-
OAKLAKD, May 14.— The will of tth
late Lowell J. Hardy was filed for probate
to-day by* Lowell J. Hardy Jr.. who Is
named aa executor. The estate consist*
of real property, promissory notes secured
by mortgage* and cash, amounting in the
aggregate to H3.000.
To Lowell J. Hardy Jr., the eldest son.
Is bequeathed one-third of the estate: to
William H. Hardy, the second son. the
same portion, and to the grandchildren of
deceased, daughters of the late Eliza J.
Holland, the remaining one-third. The tes
tament was executed on March U. 1M.
HARDY'S ESTATE LEFT
SOLELY TO RELATIVES
The quaint log church of the Presbyter
ians in Juneau, Alaska, has fallen into the
hands of a brewing company and has be
come the office of the establishment.
Nobman Case IMsmissed.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
9
'c
Hiss Maude Powell, S64 Geary j 98.73
tflsg Agnes Kendrlck. 1202 Treat avenue.. j 37.00
VIlss Clara E. Johnson. 1322A Washington! W.2>J
Vllsa Alice B. Code, 1UA Franklin | 95.55
Miss Edlna C. Hawkins, 3464 Seventeenth; U4.su
William Cheater Keogh, 2512 Clay ,...| 92.53
Miss Mae Eve.yn Sullivan, 1C2» Capp ; is. 67
tflss Alma A. Kaerth, 404 Eddy | 8S.02
illso Lillian F. Johnson, 477 Chestnut j tjt.Ou
Miss Agnes B. Wllley, 3724 Twentieth \ S4.55
Miss Marie L,. Leonhardt, 1314 Broderick.. | S2.6a
Miss Louisa L. Wills, 504 Taylor | S2.5O
Jits May Ellen Sullivan, 1024 Fiorida | SO. 87
kllss Helen E. Walters, 12$ Ash avenue j su.iu
WUs Felicia B. Jacobs, 714B Fell 73.30
Ml»s Ella M. Gray. 107 Turk 77.2U
'c
Hiss Maude Powell, S64 Geary j 98.73
tflsg Agnes Kendrlck. 1202 Treat avenue.. j 37.00
VIlss Clara E. Johnson. 1322A Washington! W.2>J
Vllsa Alice B. Code, 1UA Franklin | 95.55
Miss Edlna C. Hawkins, 3464 Seventeenth; U4.su
William Cheater Keogh, 2512 Clay ,...| 92.53
Miss Mae Eve.yn Sullivan, 1C2» Capp ; is. 67
tflss Alma A. Kaerth, 404 Eddy | 8S.02
illso Lillian F. Johnson, 477 Chestnut j tjt.Ou
Miss Agnes B. Wllley, 3724 Twentieth \ S4.55
Miss Marie L,. Leonhardt, 1314 Broderick.. | S2.6a
Miss Louisa L. Wills, 504 Taylor | S2.5O
Jits May Ellen Sullivan, 1024 Fiorida | SO. 87
kllss Helen E. Walters, 12$ Ash avenue j su.iu
WUs Felicia B. Jacobs, 714B Fell 73.30
Ml»s Ella M. Gray. 107 Turk 77.2U
If the Ur.Itwl State* and England should form
KS «.!liince. the combined strength would be «o
j • tt that there would be little chance for ene-
n..«« to overcome us. In a like manner, whtn
tn«»r. and women k#«j> up their bodily strength
•w-lth Hortetter'« Stomach Bitters, tliere Is lit-
tle chance cf attacks from disease. The old-
time r-.tnerty enriefce* the blood, builds up the
rsuwle*. »¦'¦ - h >f the nerves and Increases the
eppftlt*. Try Jt. ¦•-¦ ¦•
Proposed Alliance "With England.
; B m tosst&^S/ szck Hozdzchc |
10 cests tsA ZZ ccrt.% at all Crag stores. »
OR JORDAN'S srcatJ
{gUSEUB OF ANATOMY?
A £& K" 1U2H7 ST. tat £±k"-X tLt.Cti. A
T rtri Tte Lsrge»TAnsttB!cal Museum in the \
A Wend- W eitaeues «r iny ccatricted A
fSt fS£ rTj !ap«eulta* «•«*«. Cow. Eat. 36 yaw $
4 fi'£f*A Cft-JORDW?--fTJ¥ATE DISEASES*
¦, riTV^B C<5J««1-tion frr»; »td straff pnnre \
A I YC*.V fl Tn rm.en> pereona!!jr n by letter. A 4
\ m 7 ** *—•*** <W«l«e»eiye«»««aaeittkea. \
I i r f AU, Write for Bock. rBlLOtUPMYrti
v V 1 «l \\V URBU6E, MAIUD fmXO. • *. W
Jk A JL »»l«im« book, tar arm) \
7 DH JO BDAX *<*».. 1061 Market Hi. 8. F. fLOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Steamer , Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Time Ball.
Branch ; Hydrographio Of flee, U. S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal .
May 14, 1900.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
„ CO. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S.N.. In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights , of High and Low
«aters at Fort -Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au-
of the Superintendent
.. NOT E— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
ARRIVED.
Sunday. May 13.
Sloop Imcosslble, Low, 8 hours from Polat
Reyes. "
Schr Confianza, Christensea. 8 days from Co
qutlle River.
Monday. May 14.
Stmr Mlneola. David, 33 hours from Port Lo*
Angeles.
Stmr Noyo, Fosen. -13 hours from Fort Bragg.
Stmr National City. Dettmers. 14 hours from,
Fort Bracrc-
Stmr Alcazar. Martin. 64 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 24 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 20 hours from
Bowens Landln?.
Schr Viking. Peterson. 19 days from Hana.
CLEARED.
SAILED.
Monday. May 1*.
Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Fr bark -Mart he Roux, Turck, Queens town:
G W McNear.
Monday. May 14.
Stmr Senator. Patterson. Seattle.
Stmr Matteawan, Ctoscud. Tacoma.
Haw stmr Altec. Trask. Nanalmo.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclnot
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson. .
Stmr Coqullle River. Thompson. Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. Rockport.
Stmr Ellhu Thomson. Whitney. Seattle.
Schr Reliance. Anflndsen. Iversens landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 14. 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind west, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 14— Stmr Empire,
hence May 11: stmr Arcata. hence May 12.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 14— 3chr Chal
lenger, from Port Townsend.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 13— Stmr
Greenwood. , M
Sailed May 14— Sunr Greenwood, for .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 11— Schr Ex
pansion, from San Pedro. May 12— Schr Pio
neer, from Honolulu; schr Melancthon. from
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 14— Schr
Peerless, from Hueneme; bktn Jan« L Stanford,
h S^ATTLE^Arrlved May 13-Stmr Al-Kl. from
Dyea. May 14— Stmr Rosalie, from Dyea; ship
Spartan, hence May 3; schr Allen A. from Port
Townsend. _ ¦
Called May 13— Stmr Robert Dollar, for Nome;
stmr Ruth, for Skaguay: stmr City of Seattle,
for Dyea: stmr Willamette, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 13— U S stmr Richard Rush.
h *PORT Ia T0 8 \%-NSEND— Arrived May 14-Schr
Annie Larsen. from San Pedro.
Sailed May 14— Nor stmr Eldsvold, for Shang
hai.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived May 14— Smr
Navarre, hence May 13.
EUREKA— Arrived May 14— Stmr ' Pomona,
hence May- 13.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed May 13— Stmr W H
Kruger. for Redondo: schr Enterprise, for San
Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 14-^Stmr Empire.
hence May 11.
. . FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG— Arrived May IS— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed May 11— Br ship
Acamas. from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May U— Br ship Port
Locan. for Cardiff.
NANAIMO— Arrived May 13— Haw stmr San
Mateo. from Port Los Angeles.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 13— Br stmr Gaelic,
for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— Sailed May 14— Stmr Moana. for
MORORAN— Sailed May »— Br stmr Elm
Branch, for Portland, Or.
OCEAN STEAMER3.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May 14— Strar Kal->
ser Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York, for
Bremen.
BREMEN— Arrived May 14— Stmr Koenigen
Luise. from New York, via Cherbourg.
GLASGOW— Arrived May 14— Stmr City ot
Rome, from New York
ANTWERP— Arrived May 13— Stmr Noord
land. from New York
NAPLES— Sailed May U— Stmr Kaiser Wll
helm II. for New York
AUCKLAND— Sailed May 14— Stmr Mcana, for
San Francisco.
CHERBOURG— Sailed May 13-Stmr Bremen,
from Bremen, for New YoxX.-
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange was fair, but quotations showed lit
tle change. There was hardly anything doing
There was very little trading on the Oil Ex
change, except In Home Oil, which ran down
to $4 10. '
MONDAY. May 14-2 p. m.
¦ Bld.Ash. ' . u,,| Aa | t
US Bonds— Eqult C L Co. 2^ 2"4
4s quar coup. 1144115 jviutuxl Ki «- o . — 11^
4s do reg.......H4Vill5 O G L & H... 45 47U
4s do cp new.. 1334134 Vi ! Pac Gas Imp.. 45% 46
3s do coup .108 s ,il094 Pac. L, Co 43 45
Miscellaneous — ¦ S F G & E . 46U 47
Cal-st Cab 6s.. 1184 - San Francisco! 4& -
V C VV'attr »is..|ii74 — Sikn G & E Co 1U —
Ed L & P 6B..12S4130 Insurance—
F & Cl Hy bs..H5 — Flrem's Fund.227 —
Geary-st R Os. — 85 Bank Stocks—
H C & S 54S.. — — Anglo Ca] Ltd. 85 6SU
Do 5s... 105-lOfi Bank of Cal. ..407 —
L A Ry 5s 10341044 Cal S D & T..104 -
L A L Co 6«.Y. — — First National. — 290
Do gntd 6s.. —:..— •¦ Lon P £ A....13214 -
. L A *: P Jl &S.1024 — Merchants' • Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s...l2*% — Nev Nat Bank — —
Do 1st m 5s. .117 118 Savings Banks— *
N N G R R 7s. — 114 Ger S & L....IS90 —
N R of Cal 6s. 115 — Hum S & L... — _
N R of Cal 5s.ll6 117 Mut Sav Bk.. 45fc —
N'P O R it 6s. 1111410.."; S F Sav U... 505 —
Do 5s.. ...... .168- 1084 Sav & L Soc. 74' 7g
N Cal R R 6s.ll3 — Sec Sav.Bk... _.,_,-
Oak G L&H5s.ll0%112 Union T Co... — —
Oak Trans Ss..ll5 — 'Street Railroads—
Oak W.Co Ss:. — t'«4 California .....121 123
Oceanic S Co..lO«'?il07 Ueary,st :..... no ¦'
Om C Hy 63..;i27>-, _ Market-st Ry. S3 63>i
P & Cl Ry 6s. 1044 — O S L &. H.... — w,
P &. O R K 6s. 115 — ' Presidio 16 —
Powell-st R 6s.ll7 — Powder Stocks—
Sac L & O Ros — — Cnlifnrnla l«t nn
S F & SJV.5s.118 119 Giant Con Co. 88% 90
a Ry of <JaI b3.11i»4 — Vigorit .......t. 2% 3
S I* of A 6s...., — 114% .-U{8' stocks-
Do (1905) — 110 Hana S P Co.; 84; s?i
v Do <lWfi).....111411i Haw CIS Co — S11
Do (1912)..... 119 ,— Honokaa S Co. 32U 324
¦ Do Ut eg 6s.. — — Hutch S P Co. 25H 26
S P Hr 6s 128U — Kilauea S Co.. 31 2iii
S V Water 6s.. 114% — Makawell S Co — 48<1
Do 4s ...102?il034 t-tM.iK-M .- .'. .. •>»- ..-*
B "V\W (3d m). — Paauhau S Co. 314 314
Stocktn i.as <is W — r.M-vviian-iuj- ¦
Water. 'Stocks— " § Al Pack Assn. 1164117«
Contra 'Costa.-. 69% — Cal Fruit Asn.1034105
Minn: 1 ' ¦iuinir;'.»i — Mer. lSx Ab»n.. — iuo '
Eprlng Valley.. 95Vi 964 Oceanic S Co.." »J 94
-! Gas & Electric— Pac A F A.. '..I
Cfflt O L Co.. • Pac C Bor Co.. 150 —
Cent la & P.... 3% — Par Paint Co.. 10. —
' WASHINGTON. May 14.— The April state
ment of the Imports. and exports of the United
States shows as follows: : Merchandise Imports,
$75,466,742. of which $33,445,027 free of duty: to
tal increase ¦ over April. : 1899, ; SIO.000,000. ..-.¦ Mer
chandise exports $118,926,607. Increase S30.000.000;
gold Imports {3,335,115,' Increase SI, 000, 000; gold
exports $1,961,580, Increase JKOO.OOO; - silver. Im
ports $3,266,283, Increase $416,000; silver exports
$4,112,043, Increase $30,000. During the last ten
months ¦ the exports ' of : merchandise exceeded
the Imports by. $455,495,141,* and during the same
time the imports of gold exceeded the exports
by $9,216,623. The silver exports during: the last
ten months exceeded the Imports by $17,665,292.
Exports and Imports fjr April.
Barley
NEW YORK. . May 14.— The .visible supply of
grain Saturday, May 12. as compiled by. the
New York Produce Exchange Is as follows :
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat '......I.... 47.621,000 - ........ 2.204.000
Corn 16,155.000 ...' 1,982.000
Oats 7.319.000 281.000
Rye 1.025.000 ........ 118.000
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK. May 14.— The week started
very unsatisfactorily In the market for metals.
Cables were weak and decidedly lower. Under
this influence and the continued pressure to
sell caused responding variations here. Tin
was weak and lower, closing at S2S 374 bid and
128 624 asked. Pig iron warrants were weak
and lower to sell, closing nominally at $15; No.
1 Northern foundry, $21@22. Lake copper con
tinues dull and unchanged on - the - ; basis of
$16 75. Spelter ruled quiet and easy at>$4 50@
4 55. Lead was lower and • unsettled, closing
at J3 90 bid and $4 024 asked. : The brokers'
price for lead was $3 80 and for copper $16 75.
New York Metal Market.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 31,000; to-morrow,
18,000; left over, 6000; active and- strong to 6c
higher: top, $5 60; mixed and butchers, $5 15®
6 45; good to choice heavy, $5 30®- 5 50; rough
heavy, $5 15@5 25; light. $5 05® 5 40; bulk of
sales. $5 30©5 40. .
SHEEP— Receipts, 25.000; sheep active, 10®
15c lower; lambs sold fairly steady, prices 10®
15c lower; good to choice wethers, $3 25@5 60;
fair to choice mixed, S4 75<Ji5: Western sheep.
So 35<S5 60: yearlings. $5 60© C; native lambs,
$6@7 SO; Western, $7@7 30. . .
CHICAGO. May 14.— CATTLE— Receipts. 25.
000; steers active, 6c to 10c lower; good clear
ance; butchers' stock steady. Natives— Best on
sale to-day, three carloads, $5 65; good to prime
steers. $505 70; poor to medium, $4 25@4 80:
selected feeder?. $4 25@5; mixed stockers, $3 75@
4; cows. J3«j4 60; heifers, $3 25@5 15; canners.
$2 50*53; bulls, $2 80<fr4 25; calves, $4 6O@6 60.
Texans— Receipts, 600; best on sale to-day, two
carloads at $4 95; Texas fed steers, $4@5 15;
Texas bulls. $3 25@3 75.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— . July. Sept.
Opening 5 7% 5 7U
Closing 5 8 5 7%
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec
Opening 19 85 21 40
Closing 19 90 2135
Flour — '
Opening 26 15 27 90
Closing 26 15 28 00
Chicago Livestock Market.
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shipm'ts.
Flour, barrels 11,000 4.000
Wheat, bushels 20.000 69,000
Corn, bushels 131,000 848.000
Oats, bushels 171.000 460,000
Rye, bushels ;.'... 6,000 4.000
Barley, bushels 29.000 17,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creamery. 14H@19V4c; dairy,
13i@164c. Cheese. steady, 8@114c. Eggs,
steady; fresh, lO*iSllc.
EASTERN MARKETS.
ARTICLES. Open. High. I Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May 64V4 65M, 64«,; 65'i
July 65",i 66% 65»i 66%
Corn No. 2—
May 36Vi 884 36 364
July 374 374 36Tfc 37»i
September 37% 3S 37^4 37*«
Oats No. 2—
May 21H 21% 21H 21H
June Wi 21% 21S 21**
July 21% 22 21% 22
Mess Pork,' bbl—
July 11 574 11 674 U 574 U 624
Lard, 100 lbs—.
July « S7<4 6 92% 6 87t± 6 90
September 6 90 6 924 6 90 6 924
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
July 6 594 6 6S 6 574 6 60
September 6 57416 624 6 574 6 674
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, quiet
and easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 62®64c: No. 2 red,
704@71c; No. 2 corn, 36*ic; No. 2 yellow, SS^c;
No. 2 oats, 22\@24c: No. 3 white. 24»i@25 ! y i c;
fair to choice malting barley, 40@43c; prime
timothy seed, $2 45: mess pork, per bbl, $10 45^
1153: lard, per 100 lbs. $6 75@6 874: short-rib
sides (loose), $6 45@6 70; dry salted shoulders
(boxed). 6H@G?«c; short clear sides (boxed), $7
67 10: whisky, basis of high wines, $1 25; clo
ver, contract trade, IT.
from ; Palm
Springs, .brought • 75c ' per '¦ lb, and white, from
Arizona,', 20c per lb. * . j|
Cherries are showing the effects of rain, be-
Figs ; have ; ¦ appeared
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Creamery Butter opens , the * week . firm, _ r but
dalrly, descriptions are easy. Cheese ' Is steady.
Eggs, are dull and weak, with accumulating
stocks. '--'"¦' ¦
. - HUTTER--3<SSHP9HHHa9F"HH)BWPiBi&pS
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 174018c: seconds,
17c.-/.. .¦¦.:¦. ¦..¦ • ' ¦¦ ¦ ,
. Dairy— Fancy, 16(8fl64c; good ' to . choice, ' 14@
154c ; common. : 134& ¦•:• ¦¦>'¦¦¦
CHEESE— New. 74@84c; Young America. 9®
94c: Eastern. 16@17c: Western, . 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 13@14c for store and 14@
16c Der dozen for ranch. •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs:
Two cars of Eastern are In and are selling at
rather lower prices than. last week, as follows:
Turkeys, '¦ ll@13c: Ducks and old Roosters. $3;
Geese, $26 2 25; Hens, $5 5O@6; young Roosters,
$707 60. *
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@12c for Gob
blers and 12© 13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 60@l 75; Goslings, $1 75@2: Ducks. $4 50@5
for old and $5 60@6 for young; Hens, $4(g5;
Young Roosters. $t>®7; Old Roosters, $4 25@4 50;
Fryers, $4 C0<55: Broilers, $3 60@4 ' for large
and S2(g3 for small; Pigeons, $1 76@2 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs. -
GAME— Nominal.
Poultry and Game.
Potatoes are steady and Onions firm, though
neither shows much change. Supplies of Vege
tables are large and the market Is featureless.
Receipts were 817 boxes Asparagus. 154 boxes
Rhubarb, 400 Racks Peas. 250 sacks Beans, 611
sacks and 110 boxes new Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks. 40@65c per sack: Ore
gon ' Burbanks, 5OfP9Oc; New Potatoes, S5c@$l 25
in sacks and $1@1 50 in boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. $1@1 10 per ctl; Austral
ian. $4«?5 50 per ctl. . ' .
VEGETABLES-^Rhubarb. 40c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus; 50c@Sl' per box for No. 2 and SI 25
@1 50 for No. 1 and $1 75@2 for fancy v large:
Green Peas. 75c@$l per sack for commfn nnd
$1 25 for Garden: String, Beans, 2@4c: Wax
Beans, 3<g44e; Horse Beans, 50c per sack; Cab
bage, 40@50c; Tomatoes, $1@1 75; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles. KXS!124c: Dried Okra, 324c
per lb; Green Peppers from Los Angeles, 8@10c;
Dried Peppers, 8@10c; Carrots, 25@35c per sack;
Los Angeles Summer Squash, S1QJ1 25 per box:
Cucumbers, 25@75c per dozen for hothouse and
$2 per box for Marysvllle; new Garlic, 6c
p«r lb.
Beans and Seeds.
Quotations remain undisturbed, as there is
nothing going on. .
BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 20: small White. U 25®
3 45; large White. S3 10&3 20; Pink. II 60®2 90;
Red. S3 25®3 60; Blackeye, (3 60® 4: Butters,
nominal: Lima, $5 2iig5 30; Pea, S3 40@3 50; Red
Kidneys, J4@4 50/ .
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; YeHow
Mustard. 44@4%c: Flax. $1 9032 20; Canary,
34c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9<S10c: Rape. 24@3c; Hemp, 4@44c;
Timothy, 4@44c
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90®2 25; Green, »1 90
<32 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
MIDDLINGS— J17I&20 oer ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $15$17* per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; jobbing,
$27 50©28:' Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
J25; Cracked Corn, $25 50; Mixed Feed. J15 50;
Cottbneeed Meal, nominal. .
HAY— Wheat. J7@9 for common to good; »9 50
S510 for choice: Wheat and Oat, S7@9; Oat,
$6® 8: Barley. $5@7; Alfalfa. J5©7 60 per ton.
NEW HAY— Is dull at $5@6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25635c uer bale.
Five cars of new volunteer wild oat Hay
came In, and meeting with no demand, were
bid In at $6. The market Is In poor shape for
sellers.
Feedstuffs are firm and Bran Is slightly
higher.
HKAN-J12 50® 13 50 per ton.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7i; Rye
Meal, $2 60: Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats, $4 50: Hominy. $3 25ff3 50: Buck
wheat Flour, $4S3>4 25; Cracked Wheat. 13 25;
Farina; *4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, ?3; Rolled
Oats (barrels). SSffiT 25; in sacks, to 15&7; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per
100 lbs.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6003 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 40(33 50; Oregon
and Washington, |2 25@3 per barrel.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
72%c: 4000, 724c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — There Is nothing going on and quo
tations remain unchanced.
Whl'e, Jl lOv^l 30: Ked. |1@1 20; Gray, $1 074
@1 IE 2 Black, $l<gl 074.
CORN— Eastern large yellow, $1 15@1 174 per
ctl; Eastern white, $1@1 10 per ctL
RYE— »6<&a74c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal. j
Flour and Millstuffs.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
8000 ctls. 99y,c; 2000, 994c.
Second Session— December— 10,000 ctls, 99%c;
6000. 99% c.
Regular Morning Session — December^ — 28.000
ctls, ji.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls, $1.
BARLEY— Offerings continue neglected and
quotations stand about the same.
Feed, 724@75c for No. 1 and 674@70c for off
grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 774i^
S24c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
\ WHEAT— Liverpool was easy, with rather
more demand, while Paris futures were higher.
Chicago opened firmer on better foreign ad
vices, but the demand was moderate. LUht
showers and cooler weather were reported In the
Northwest. Lnter on there was a better feel
ing and an improved shipping demand, with
considerable bug: and fly talk in Illinois and
Kansas.
In the local market futures were firmer, but
spot prices remained unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 90Q91Vic; milling, ,D3&@
96>ic.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.:. — U 854
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9&
Sterling Cables — * 90
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New. Yoric Exchange, telegraphic — " 174
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Mexican Dollars «4 «
Exchange arid Bullion.
CHICAGO, May 14.— Wheat gave evidence of
a firmer tone at the outset, opening a shade
up for July at 65};®65%c and advancing shortly
afterward to 66®664c. Around C6c the offer
ings, which had been small under that figure,
became more free and the price dropped back
to 66?ic. At this stage of the trade the news
of Influence consisted of higher cables, re
ports of backward crops In Germany and
France and frost In Austria, together with
domestic advices of flies in Illinois, dry
weather in the Northwest and chinch bugs in
Kansas. The reports of bugs' came In from
different sections during the whole session and
were a strong Influence In determining the
course of the market. The decrease in the
visible of 2,206,000 bushels was also a factor In
advancing the price of wheat.- and when July
again touched 66c holders still clung to their
lines and that market continued on Its up
ward course, touching 66%c. The close was
strong. July 4@Hc over Saturday at 66U<@6G%c.
Corn was a meek and lowly follower of
wheat, traveling a narrow path and exciting
little Interest. July closed unchanged at 37'4c
Trade In oats was mostly local and furnished
nothing of Interest or Importance. The close
was 4c up for July.
The provision market was quiet but strong
all day, helped by higher prices for hogs and
a good den.and for lard and ribs from packers.
July pork gained 5c, lard closed a shade up
and ribs closed 24c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
- NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides axe given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tils
day in the order of occurrence as to time Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives th*
last tide of the day. except when there tn but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
given are in addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th« height,
snd then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth riven by the charts. The plane ot
reference ia the mean of the lower low waters.
TUESDAY. MAY 15.
The temperature has ripen over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. In the
Sacramento Valley the temperatures are from S
to 10 decrees above the normal.
No rain has fallen In California during the
past -4 hours.
Forecast made at San Francieco for 30 hours
ending midnight. May 15:
For Northern California— Fair Tuesday, with
fog alor.p the coast in the morning; light north
erly winds.
For Southern California — F"air Tuesday; light
westerly winds.
For Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
For Utah— Fair Tuesday.
For Arizona— Fdr Tuesday.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tues
day, with lith fog in the morning and in the
lilernoun; brisk westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the
greater ix,rtion of the Pacific Coast. A low of
the summer type prevails over Southern Califor
nia and Arizona.
FORECAST.
The following are t^« seasonal rainfalls to
d&te a* compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls In last 24 hours:
Last :« This Last
Station*— hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 48.67 33.35
ReJ Biuff 0.00 S2.K3 20.0S
Sacramento 0-00 20.2S 14.U1
San Francisco 0.00 IS. 42 16.00
Fresno 0.00 10.14 7.18
Independence 0.00 3.66 1.21
San Luis ObisXw 0.00 14.C2 16.41
Los Angeles O.Oi) 7.S4 5.01
Stun Diego 0.00 5.&S 4.96
Yuma 0.00 1.29 1.34
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60 decrees ; minimum, 4S; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
SAN FRANCISCO. May 14-6 p. m.
(12Cth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Businers at the Custom-house was light yes
terday. There were but two clearances for
foreign port*, being the steamer Aztec for
Nanalmo and the French bark Marine Roux
for Queenstown. for orders. The Utter takes
t".225 centals wheat, valued at $51,500, and
SO M feet lumber, valued at $300.
Crarlna, merchandise to Honolulu.
Rhuddlan Castle, wheat from Tacoma to
Europe, 37» Sd (if to Liverpool or Cardiff 6d
Ie«e).
* Wheat Vessel Cleared.
Charters.
New York Stock Market.
XEXT TORK. May 14. — The price movement
in the etock market was extremely Irregular
and uncertain all day. The last prices of the
majority of stocks were higher than at Satur
day's close, but the best prices of the day
were nowhere maintained and th^re were wide
Inroads made in home of the Industrials and
epeclaJtles. The professional traders were In
clined to take a bearish view and came down
to the street this morning prepared to sell the
whole list. They were not deterred by the
evidences of strength in the London market,
which were due to the progress of General
Robert*" campaign and to the easier money
conditions. While selling the general list the
traders made fierce raids -upon the specialties.
Sugar. Metropolitan, People's Gas and Brook
lyn Transit were ail subject to raids and some
lost over 3 points. The bears found, however,
that the heavy offerings to liquidate which
were a feature of last week's market were not
forthcoming and they also found themselves
In a numerous company anxious to secure
stocks to cover short contracts. By bidding
against each other this company effected a
material rally in prices. They then paused
In some discouragement and confusion. Some
rather positive evidence of ftrength at dif
ferent points added to th*ir differences. There
was large buying of Burlington all day at an
extreme advance of over 2 points on renewed
rumors that a plan had been perfected to re
fund the consol bonds of 1*03. The movement
helped the whole granger group. The efforts
to bid up Missouri Pacific were resumed with
some success and Pacifies generally showed
good reco\-eries. The borrowing demand In the
¦tock loan department of the Stock Exchange
Indicated that the short interest had become
Bomewhat unwieldy and oversold. New York
Central advanced a point, but the Southern
group of trunk lines which have been In
fluenced by the Pennsylvania Company's ex
tensive operations for control were heavy- In
the late dealings, while the market was hang
ing In an unsteady condition at the high level,
the steel Industrials suddenly gave way all
roanfl. Federal Steel and Steel and Wire losing
S points and Tennessee Coal about 24. Other
members of the group showed smaller de
clines. The general list «rave way under the
Influence of this break and the close was ac
tive and weak with the gains largely reduced.
There was considerable activity in the bond
market, but the tone was irregular. Total
rales, par value. $1,280,000.
United States registered and new 4s declined
3 * in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ehaies Closlnr
Bold. Stocks— Bid.
?,236 Atchison 24H
15.S50 Atchison prefd 6S4
2V677 Baltimore & Ohio 73H
100 C&n&dtan Pacific 93Vi
100 Canada Southern 61V 4
4.4'jO Chesapeake & Ohio 27
CS5 Chicago Great Western 12^4
23.K5 Chicago Burllngtcn & Quincy 124*^
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 124
400 Chicago Ind &. Louisville prefd 51
....... Chicago fc Eastern Illinois 102
200 Chicago & Northwestern 158
",OCS Chicago Rock iFlund & Pacific 105U
KX> C C C & St Louis 674
100 Colorado Southern 5^
Colorado Southern 1st prefd 3s
215 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 154
S.075 Delaware & Hudson 112
Delaware Lackawanna & Western.. 1764
200 Denver & Rio Grande 18>4
200 Denver 4c Rio Grande prefd 67%
300 Erie ir£
«:» Erie let prefd X3%
l,4'*0 Great Northern prefd 1M
200 Hocking Coal HV4
44« Hocking Valley 3SH
ISO Illinois Outral 112^
125 Iowa Central I64
4 2W> Iowa Central prefd 47
200 Kansas City Plttrburs & Gulf 17
100 Lake Krie & Western 2S
....... Lake Erie & Western prefd 90
L&ke Shore 209
e.SOO Louisville & Nashville 79»t
fc.26J Manhattan Elevated 87«
11.165 Metropolitan Street Railway .M45V
400 Mexican Central I2«i
1OT Minneapolis & et I»-.uln jjii
....... &!inn«aj>olig & St Louis prefd . £4
24,220 MlEWlrf Pacific 87
I.OjO Mobile & Ohio Sju
Missouri Kansas & Texas 10u
550 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd.... $;u
3S5 New Jersey Central US
3.116 New York Central ..........ISO
2,625 Norfolk & Western u%
2*1 Norfolk & Western prefd 7g
J.825 Northern Pacific 67
M3» Northern Pacific prefd 73\;
65« Ontario & Western ?14
4 Oregon Railway * Nav 42
„ Oregon Railway St Nav prefd 7s
20,448 Pennsylvania 1284
1.200 Reading ]{«.
10.0S0 Reading 1st prefd 64Vi
tm Reading 2d prefd 2C%
100 Rio Grande Western U
Rio Orande Weclern prefd 874
6t Louis & Pan Fran...'. 10
Et Louis & San Fran l»t prefd 61
200 Rt Louis & San FrAn 2d prefd 224
,. St Lools Southwestern 11
2 120 6t Louis Southwestern prefd 274
uClTO St Faul 1"*
et Paul pr»fd- 172
„ Bt Paul * Omat» • HJ
NEW YORK, "May 14.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were firm during, the early
part of the session, the favorable i Influences
being the good news from Lord Roberts and
Genepal Buller and easier money. But the
public did not come In and the professionals In
their enthusiasm under the . spur of the dis
patch telling of the advance in Natal went
ahead too fast, precipitating a reaction and
caused an Irregular close. The settlements
showed only a trifling speculative commitment
Americens were abov« parity all day and they
closed firm, although transactions in them
were at no time on a large scale. It is thought
here that the slump in these securities Is over,
although it Is believed they may continue
to drag. St.. Paul and Central Pacific - wert
scarce. The feature of the settlement was
the' heavy delivery of scrip by arbitrage
usur*rs. Tlntos broke 14 to 524 on the . fall
of 2f h in the metal, though they showed a
big bear account. The Bank of England bought
£88.000 gold in Germany and from Russia half
a million ie expected to-morrow. Call money
was unlendable. ¦
CLOSING.
Atchlson. 24%; Canadian Pacific. 97%: Union
Pacific preferred. 75; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 754: Anaconda, S14- -Bar silver,' ateady,
27 9-16d. Money, 4©44 per cent.* ; r
WASHINGTON. May 14.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
divUlon of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $143,402,617: gold. $74,730,143.
London Market.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. May 14.— Money on call steady
at 2@2^i per cent: last. loan, t per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%®44 per cent. Sterling
exchange Irregular, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 S84@4 S84 for demand and
$4 S4»i«M 84% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 '8S4 and $4 S9g4 894; commercial bills.
$4 844. Silver 'certificates, 60©604c. Silver
bars. 60c. Mexican dollars, 474o. Government
bonds, weak: State bonds, firm; railroad bonds
Irregular. * /; .¦¦ .
504,100 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. |MK4T 4s 93
when Issued 102liJX Y Cent lsts 110H
U S 2s reg 93'i!N J Cent *en 5s. ...122
V S 2s reg 10S\JN Carolina 6s 127U
L* S 3s coup 109 IN Carolina 4s 106
U S new 4s reg.. ..1334 N Pacific 3s 66^4
D S new 4s coup.. 1334 N Pacific 4s 1034 I
U S old 4s r*g....U44 N Y C & S L 4s... 1064
U S old 4s coup.. 1144 N fc W con 4s 96»4
U 6 6s reg 1124 N & W jren 6s I3l'
V S 5s coup -.. .11214 Or Nav lsts 109
Dis of Col 3.65s 121 Or Nav 4e 103H
Atchison gen 4E....100 Or Short Line 68..12S
Atchison adj 4s.... S3 Or S Line con 66..114
Canada So 2ds 107 Reading Gen 4s.. . 814
Ches A- Ohio 44s.. 98% R G W lets 99
dies & Ohio 5« 116 S L & I M con 5s.. 1094
C & NW con "S...140 S L & S F gen 6s..l23V4
C &. NWSFdeb 58.120 St Paul cons 170
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 95 S P C & P lsts 122
D & R G l»ts 1014 S P C & P 5s 1214
D & R O 4s 102Ti So Railway 5s Ill
Erie General 4s.... 714 Stand R & T 6»... 704
F W & D C lsts... 70\ Tenn new set 3s... 9»H
General Elec 5s.. ..120 Tex & Pac lsts 114
G H & S A 6b 110 Tex & Pac 2ds 65
G H & S A 2ds 107 Union Pacific 4S...1O4H
H & T C 6s 1114 Wabash lsts 1U%,
H i T C con 6s.. .110 Wabash 2ds 102^
Iowa Cent lsts 115 Wept Shore 4s 112
K C P & G lsts.... 704 Wis Cent lsts 904
La new cons 4s....lOS4l Va Centuries 92
L & N Unl 4s ino jVa deferred 9
So Pacific 4s 82 Colo & So 4s....... 844
M K & T 2ds 674 1 j
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17 Ontario 7 7S
Crown Point 0» Ophir 60
Con Cal & Va 1 60 Plymouth 10 I
Deadwood 55 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould &. Curry IS! Do prefd 7 50
Hale & Norcro8s... 20,Slerra Nevada 26
Homestake 50 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 68 Union Con ' 24
Mexican ...; 21; Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON STOCKS AN DBONDS.
Money— 1 Union Pacific 52 7 4
Call loans Ji5?4!Unlon Land 2
Time loans. .....S4@44, West End 92
Stockfi— 1 Bonds—
Atch Top & S F.. 24*j! Atchison 4s 99
Do prefd 6SHN E Gas & Coke 6s 64
Amer Sugar 107T»! Mining Shares —
Do prefd 1114 Adventure 4
Bell Tel 300 | Allouez Mng Co.... 14
Iloston & Albany.. 242 iAmal Copper 864
Boston El 142 (Atlantic 824
Boston & Maine. .193 Hoston & Mont 286
ChJ Bur & Q 124H Butte & Boston 60
Dominion Coal 38 Calumet & Hecla..75S
Do prefd 118 Centennial 164
i Federal Steel 36 Franklin 13'
Do prefd 6*14 Osce^la 63
Fltchburg prefd. ..131 Parrot 89U.
Gen Electric 1334 Quincy 135
Do prefd 138 [Santa Fe Copper.. 44
Mexican Central... 12** Tamarack 198
N E Gas & Coke.. 144 Utah Mining 264
I Old Colony 207 Wlnona 14
j Old Dominion 1C4 Wolverines 38
Rubber 284
NeTt York Money Market.
12,880 Southern Pacific 3fH
1.560 Southern Railway v
2,100 Southern Railway prefd 64»i
1,400 Texas & Pacific 165H
15.S20 Union Pacific jg
2,423 Union Pacific prefd '3H
611 Wabash *)*
1.425 Wabash prefd *»7»
1,050 Wheeling & Lake Erie 9'.4
S10 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 2«
800 WisconslnCentral »
Express Companies—
:::::::
United States 45
Wells, Fargo & Co's 117
Miscellaneous—
American Cotton Oil *3Vi
American Cotton Oil prefd 34
American Malting _3H
200 American Malting prefd 21
2.9M American Smelting & Refining Siht
650 Am Smelting & Refining prefd S7>4
200 American Spirits 2H
American Spirits prefd 17
1.600 American Steel Hoop 20H
300 American Steel Hoop prefd <l''i
11.550 American Steel & Wire , 35^i
;,0t»; American Steel & Wire prefd 7-'»"i
300 American Tin Plate 2i
650 American Tin Plate prefd <U
27,265 American Tobacco Jo'/j
150 American Tobacco Drefd 12$
1.400 Anaconda Mining Co 42
13.955 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 6S%
1.CO0 Colorado Fuel & Iron 36 1 *
6.070 Continental Tobacco | 25H
2.1S3 Continental Tobacco prefd ~ti\i
10.650 Federal t?teel 36
1.S70 Federal Steel prefd «5
400 General Klectrlc 133
SCO Glucose Sugar 45
: Glucose Sugar prefd 99^4
1,000 International Paper .. 22
100 International Paper prefd 63H
225 Laclede Gas 65Vi
(•70 National Biscuit 29
230 National Biscuit prefd 80
1.070 National Lead 19H
200 National. Lead prefd 94
2,250 National Steel 274
1,000 National Steel prefd 85
New York Airbrake 124
LC00 North American 14%
200 Pacific Coa*t 48
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 80
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 56>4
2.222 Pacific Mall 29V4
20,870 People's Gas 9S4
300 Pressed Steel Car 45%
Pressed Steel Car prefd 77
Pullman Palace Car 1S1
Standard Rope & Twine 5T4
7S.S40 Sugar 107%
Sugar prefd no
4,922 Tennessee Coal & Iron 74
3.160 United States Leather 1H4
«39 United States Leather prefd 69*i
200 United States Rubber .'. 29
630 United States Rubber prefd 93
4,495 Western Union 7914
650 Republic Iron & Steel 14T4
Republic Iron & Steel prefd 56i*
P C C & St Louis 53
Third Avenue 107
twenty-five minute slater than at Fort Point;
the Leight of tide is the -same at both places.
NEW YORK, May 14.— The market for evap
orated apples was rather quiet but continues
steady at unchanged prices. California dried
fruits were dull,- but about steady.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
4H65c; prime, 5«i@6c; choice. eSiQ^c; fancy, 7%
'CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3V4@7c per
pound.
APRICOTS-Royal. 12@14Vic; Moorpark, 15®
18c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20o: unpeeled. 7@9c.
DRIED FRUITS.
?•¦¦•¦;
JCBW YORK. May 14.— FLOUR— R.-ceJpts. 31
759; exports. 28,007; quieter but steadily held
and unchanged. Winter patents, %3 te^S 80.
WHE AT— Receipts. 205,525; exports. 210, 77S.
Spot firm. No. 2 red, 79*4c f.p.b. afloat, 76%c
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 74%c f.o.b.
afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 76%c f.o.b.
afloat. Options were generally firm alPday on
less favorable crop news at home and abroad,
higher cables and liberal decreases In the vlsH
ble supply and world's shipments. Speculative
trade, however, was very light. The close wa»
strong at %@lc net advance. May. 70 1-1«@
70%c. closed 7u?»c; July, 71!ii&71?ic. closed 71%c;
September, 72 1 !ic® J 72>«c. closed 72;»c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Qulet.
COFFEE-Spot Rio easy; No. 7 Invoice. 74o
nominal. Mild quiet; Cordova, 9US'13 1 ,ic. Fu
tures closed steady. E@10 points lower. Spot
easier under freer offerings and conservatism
of buyers. Total sales, 21,000 bass. Including
June. 16 40; July, J« 50; August. *6 55; Septem
ber, (6 C0®6 65; October, J6 70; November, »6 70
®6 76: December, J6 90@6 9a; January, $6 95;
March, j; 05.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: refined, steady*
BUTTER— Receipts. 10.S29 packages; steady;
Western Creamery, 16%@2Oc,
EGGS-Recelpts. 20.420 packages; steady;
storage western at mark, 13Q13>4c; regular
packing. 12@13c.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat futures improved somewhat.
All minor cereals dull and unchanged.
Hay VL'eak and quiet. Bran firm at an advance.
Beans and Seeds dull at previous quotation.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Butter firm, Cheese steady and Eggs weak.
Eastern Poultry selling at shaded prices.
Clierries show the effects of rain.
Dried Fruits in better demand in New York.
Provisions slow at the old prices.
Hops a fraction loiver and in sufficient supply.
....
Small trading in local securities.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. May 14.— WHEAT-Market quiet
unchanged. Blue Stem, 54c; Club, 61c, both for
export.
PORTLAND, May 14.— The local wheat situa
tion shows but little change. Walla Walla Is
quoted at 52@52%c and Valley about the same,
but there Is very little movement. Blue Stem
Is nomnially 55c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. May 14.— Clearings. $478,794; bal
ances, $61,981. C '¦¦
LONDON, May 14.— The offerings at the
wool auction sales to-day were very small,
amounting to but E956 bales. The home trade
continued a good buyer of low greasy and best
scoured at full rates. Good grades of merinos
were slightly dearer. The attendance was
good. >:~\j ' \
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May '14.— The Mark Lane Express
to-day In its weekly review of the crop situa
tion says: The. effects of ,the cold In England
have been j Injurious to growing cereals and
the French fields are backward, but there is
hope for nearly the average yield. In Austria-
Hungary the warm, wet weather is expected
to put a new face on the winter-sown wheat
and rye. However, there will scarcely be a
full crop. The Russian returns are I excellent.
European Crop Conditions.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, quiet. 4s
%d. Futures, steady; May. 4s %&; July. 3s
10V4d; September, 3s-1034d.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 1 California, 6s
3d@6s 3V4d; No. 1 Northern spring, 5s lOd.
Futures, steady; July, 6s 8d; September, 5s
7%d. tj >-•¦¦. . . ¦
LONDON, May 14.— Consols. 100%@101 1-16;
silver, 27 9-16d; French rentes, lOOf 97&c. Wheat
cargoes on passage, rather easier; cargoes' No.
1 Standard California. 29s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 27s 9d; English country markets,
weak; ImportB into United Kingdom,
wheat, 242.000; Imports into United Kingdom,
flour, 209,000; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom, 3,380.000; wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1,810,000.
LIVERPOOL, May 14.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 3d{r6s 3%d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French coun
try markets, quiet. ....
COTTON— Uplands, 6 5-16d.
CLOSING.
Foreign Markets.
Rye, ctls 45JSugar, sks ........ 800
Beans, sks 444 Chicory, bbls .... 8
Potatoes, sks l,94SiLlme. bbls 91
Onions, sks 994 ; Wine, gallons 74.400
Bran, sks 180 Eggs, dozen 23,010
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks.. 603 | Wool, bales ..../f '; 8
Flour, qr sks 11.834 Middlings, sks ... 757
Wheat, ctls 224. 6S7 Wool, bags 298
Barley, ctls 7.330 Hay, tons... 258
Oats, ctls 420 Straw, tons 15
Corn, East, ctls.. 1,200 Pelts, bdls 105
Corn, ctls 420 Hides, No 242
Cheese, ctls ...... 60 Leather, rolls .... 90
Butter, ctls ...... 480 Qulcksllvr, flasks SS
Tallow, ctls 221 Sugar, bbls 177
FOR MONDAY. MAT 14.
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Kenning Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100 lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed- and Fine Crushed. 5.60c; Powdered.
6.60c; Candy Granulated, 6.20c; Dry Granulated,
5.10c; Confectioners' A, 5.10c; Magnolia A.
4.70c; Extra C. 4.60c: Oolden C. 4.50c; barrels.
10c more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50o
more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. . No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
tnos, half-barrels. 6.85c; boxes, 6.10c per lb.
COAL — Wellington, $8; New Welling
ton. $S; Southfleld Wellington, $8: Seattle, $6:
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5;, Wallsend, $8; Co
operative Wallsend, SS; Cumberland, $12 In
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg. $14: Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $16
per ton In bulk and $18 In sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 lbs.
BAGS — San Qurntin Bags, $5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. V/ t c; Wool Bags, 28H^32%c; Fleece
Twine, 7£c.
General Merchandise.
The packers have reduced their quotations for
Hogs He, and are being supplied at the de
cline. No other changes.
BEEF— 64?6%c per lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6>i©9c Per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7tfc: ewes. 6@7e per
pound.
LAMB — Spring. 8J?9c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%@5T«c for small and
medium and 5%@5%c for large; stock Hogs and
tceilers. &',iti5'.-2c; dressed Hogs, 7Q}&tac.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about . lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Eteers. 10@10V4c; medium, OQS'.ic: llghef 9@9%c;
Cowhides. 9@9%<:: Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 10c;
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, sound, lSc; culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16@l7c; Dry
Calf, 19@20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, lSQ'SOc
each; short Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 704j90c
long Wool. $1@1 50 each: Horse Hides, $2(&2 50
for large and $1 25<&1 75 for small ; Colts, 25@
50c. Deerskins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall
or medium skins, 35c; winter or thin skins, 20o.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c: medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5@5>4c per lb;
No. 2. 4@4Hc: refined. 6c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 15%@17c: Northern defective, 13
fjlDc; Middle County, free, 15i{p7c: Middle
County, defective, 13J|15c; Southern Mountain,
12 menths', 12®13c; do, free, 7 months', H@i3c;
do defective, 7 months'. 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20®I3c; Nevada, 16@lSc per lb.
HOPS— 6@9c per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@8c per lb for com
pound and S%S9c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
9%c; 10-lb tins, 9%c: 6-lb tins, 10!4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8%®8%c per lb; half
banels, 8%®8%c: 10-lb tins, 9Vic.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy.
lie for light medium. 12c for light, 13c Tor ex
tra light and 14^c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13H@Hc; Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra Prlma
Pork. $14 50@15: extra clear, $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12%©13c per lb.
Trade continues inactive at the old prices.
Provisions.
NUTS— Walnuts, 8@9c for Standards and
9@10c for softshells; Almonds, ll<£@12c for
paper shell. 9@10c for soft and 4®5c for hard
shell. Peanuts. 5%®6%c for Eastern and 5c for
California. Brazil Nuts, 7%@8c. Filberts, 12S
12%c. Pecans, ll@13c. Cocoanuts, $1 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll%@12c for bright and lOHO
lie for light amber; water white extracted
7>/4c; light, amber extracted, 6HQ>7c; dark. SH
i|6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes. In sacks. 3%c for
40-50' s, 3%c for 50-60* s, 3Kc for 60-70' s, ZQZM tar
70-80' s. 2%93c for 80-90' s and 2&c for 80-100'e;
Apricots, Sf 10c for Royals and 10@llc for
Moorparks; Peaches, 4%@4%c for Standards, Be
for choice and 5H©6c for fancy; Peeled Peaches,
10<312Hc; Evaporated Apples, 5H@6c; Sun-dried,
3@4c per lb; Pears. 3H@4%c for dark and 7®8c
for bright halves: Black Figs, l%@2c; Whlt«
Figs. 203c; Bleached Plums. 7&c; unbleached
Plume, 6c for pitted and l%c for unpltted.
RAISINS — Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb, »V4c; choice, 7V4c; standard, 6^c;
prime, 5c; unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. 5c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, a^c;
3-crown. 6V4c; 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 60; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. a b. at common shipping points
In California.
Mail advices from New York say: "The at
tempt to force sales of prunes by accepting re
ductions before placing them In cold storage
had the 1 - effect- of stimulating movement last
week, and the same influence is at work this
week. These sales are in small lots, rarely as
much as 200 boxes, and the desire of holders
Is to save storage expenses so far as possible.
Apricots are reported easier on a firm, offer,
and probably 7%c would buy now. Both prunes
and apricots are selling almost wholly from
second hands."
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@5 per chest for large
and $7@10 for small berries. ' Receipts were 322
chests.
GOOSEBERRIES— 30@35c per drawer for com
mon and — - oer 1b for English.
RASPBERRIES— From Newcastle, $1 40 per
crate: from near-by points, $7@10 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES— From Covina sold at 12%c
per basket. ¦•¦ . *
CURRANTS— 65<g-S5c per drawer.
CHERRIES— 2O(fJ6Oc per box for red and white
and 40@75c for black. In bulk, 6c for black
and 4@5c per lb for white. Receipts were 2394
boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. *1 50*33 per
box: Seedlings. $101 75 1 Lemons, Htil 50 for
common and $:@2 50 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 60; Bananas, $1 2f>®2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 506} 4 per dozen.
Arrivals of berries continue light. Blackber
ries from Newcastle were too green, and did
not sell.
Cherry Plums, rather green: appeared from
Vacavllle, selling at 75c per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—From Vacavllle. $1@1 25 per box;
from Arizona, $1 50 per crate.
APPLES— 75c@$3 per box; Green Apples, 75o
per box.
Ing . decayed and cracked. •.. Receipts are ¦ lighter
than usual at this time of the year and reports
of a light yield are now general. Other fruits
are also said to be showing more or less dimin
ution, in yield, from some cause not yet ex
plained. ...
~ Dr^£ eorKe W> Merri " (owner) with William
F. -Wilson contractor, architects Reid Bros.,
plumbing and gasntting for a five-story store
and office building on NE corner of Sutter and
Mason streets. 87:6x37:6; $4147.
William J. Coyne (owner) -with Frank Boemer
contractor, plans by owner, alterations and Im
provements on building, including sewer, bath
tub, water-closet, sink, two boilers and chang
ing of gasplpee for two-story frame building al
120 Morris avenue. SW line of Morris avenue
225 SE of Bryant street, SE 25 by SW 75- $1233*
Mrs. Emily J. Wilson (owner) with Charles a'
Warren contractor, architect G. W. Percy ex
cavating and bulkheadlng for a six-story' and
basement brick building on SE line of Market
street, 178:6 NE of Sixth, NE 43:3 by SE 170;
#1100.
Agnes McMahon (owner) with Frank Galla
gher contractor, architect Walter McMahon, all
alterations and additions for a two-story and
basement frame bulldlne on SW corner of
Broadway and Salmon alley,' W 20 by S 57-6*
$1513.
Same owner, same contractors, with Henry
Gervaise sub-contractor, architects same, parti
tions of. basement, first and second stories and
light shaft, walls In third story and attic, for
same, in wme; $1110.
John D. Spreckels (owner) with W. T. Veltch
& Bro. contractors, architects Reid Bros., fire
proof partitions for a residence on NE comer
of Pacific avenue and Laguna street; $4731.
Builders' Contracts.
Estate John Morton (by William R. and
Henry D. Morton, executors) to Rudolph
Spreckels, lot on NW corner of Ellis and Tay
lor streets, N 95:6 by W 112:6; $93,000.
William R.. Mae S.. Henry D. and Clara
P Morton to same, lot on W line of Taylor
street, 95:6 N of Ellis. N 42 by W 112:6; $10.
Alvln B. and Madge Grosh et at. (by G. H.
Umbsen, commissioner) to California Title
Insurance and Trust Company (guardian Hor
tense. Alvin B. and Edward B. Grosh). lot on
SW line of Seventh street. 225 SE of Howard,
SE 60 by SW 85: also undivided one-flfth In
terest In lot on NW corner of Sixth avenue and
Lake street, N 682.19. thence to S fence of
United States reservation. SW to Parker
ranch. S 530 by E 120; $10,000.
Frank T. and Minnie M. Dryden to Sarah E.
Loftls. lot on N line of Palmetto street (for
merly Railroad avenue), 50 W of Head. W 100
by N 100, block 40. City Land Association: $10.
Hee Sin to Fong Ging Mun. Wong Huey Gay,
Jew Chung Den and Chung Hong Dl. lot on
W line of Stockton street, 96:3 N of Jackson,
N 2O:7V4 by W 93:6; $2500.
John Pforr to Henry F. Blanchet Jr.. lots 40
to 42. 45 to 48. block 5, Garden Tract .Home
stead Addition: $10.
Ezekiel and Louisa C. Wilson to Adelheld
Snook, lot on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue.
316 S of Point Lobos. S 90 by W 120; $10.
Cora W. and James H. Morton to John Kreuz.
lot on NE corner of Thirty-fifth street and
Point Lobos avenue. E 32:6 by N 100; $10.
Laura T. or Theresa L. Edwards (McKee)
to Annabel Bannan, lot on W line of First
street 25 S of Deeth (California street south),
S 75 by W 115; $10.
Annabel Bannan (wife of William) to Bertha
F. Smith, lot on W line of First street. 23 S
of Deeth, S 50 by W 115; $10.
A. Mary Whartenby Robinson (wife of V.
GUpln Robinson) to William Tracy, lot on SE
corner of Lacuna and McAllister streets. S 120,
E 27:6 N 60, E 27:6, N 60. W 55; J29.O0O.
Mary H. Barnett (wife of Robert) to James
H Bennett, lot on N line of Washington street,
178 W of Spruce, W 50 by N 127:8^4; *10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Mar
garet G. Flinn (single), lot on S line of Seven
teenth street. 160 E of Guerrero. E 33:6 by 3
90; 13904. •
William H. and Grace M. Crim. George S.
Crlm and as trustee for Samuel M. and William
H. Crim Jr. (minors) to Hannah Pearson (wife
of Frederick O.), lot on B line of Bryant street.
85- S of Twenty-second, S 25, E 102:11, NW
27.8V4, W 90:10 2-3; 11225.
Lewis. Julia. Nathan. Fanny and Rosalie
Dusenberry and Charles Diamond to Bernhard
Schweitzer, lot on W line of Sansome street.
63:9 N of Bush. N 23:11 by W 67:6: $10.
S. A. Aronsohn to Adellnde M. Hayes, Tot on
S corner of First and Federal (Frederick)
streets, SE 20 by SW 80; $10. -...- --'-
"William G. Gleason to Ann H. Gleaaon. lot
on S,\V corner of Franklin street and Elm ave
nue, S 40 by W 63; gift.
MONDAY, May 14, 1300.
Bid. Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 01 03
Andes 06 07 Kentuek — 01
Alta 04 05 Lady Washgton — 05
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 30 .U
Best & Belcher. 31 33 (Occidental 13 15
Bullion 03 04 Ophlr 55 6S
Caledonia 1 05 1 10 Overman 18 19
Chollar 21 22 Potosi 22 :3
Challenge Con.. 12 14 Savage 13 14
Confidence 74 7S Scorpion — CS
Con Cal & Va..l 45 1 50 &eg Belcher .... 03 Ot
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada.. 32 33
Cop New York. — 04 1 Silver Hill 16 20
Crown Point.... 09 10 St. Louis — 12
Eureka Con MJStandard 3 50 125
Exchequer 01 02jSyndicate 06 —
Gould & Curry- IS ! 20 (Union Con 22 :*
Hale & Norc... 30 32iUtah 03 03
Julia — 02! Yellow Jacket.. 17 M
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BO C C & Va 1 67% 1000 Potosl 22
600 C C & Va 1 65 130O Savage 14
1300 C C & Va 162% 400 Savage 15
200 C C & Va.....l 47H 700 Sierra Nevada.. 34
600 Gould & Curry. 20 2000 Sierra Navada.. 33
COO Gould & Curry. 21 S50 Sierra Nevada.. 32
600 Hale & Norc... 32 300 Union Con 2*
400 Hale & Norc... 33 300 Union Con 23
1000 Kentuck 01 800 Yellow Jacket.. 16
1100 Mexican 32' 200 Yellow Jacket.. IS
400 Mexican 31. • ¦ »
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 04| 100 Hale & Norc. . 32
200 Andes 07 100 Hale & Norc... 30
200 Belcher 12 100 Mexican 32
200 Best & Belcher. 32 400 Mexican 31
400 Best & Belcher. 31 100 Ophlr 56
50 Caledonia IOC 500 Ophlr 55
300 Challenge Con.. 141 100 Potosl 23
150 Con Cal & Va..l 60! 100 Sierra Nevada.. 32
BOO Alpha Con 01 400 Mexican *J
500 Andes 07 1000 Ophir .'. 63
600 Belcher 12 1100 Ophlr 62
1200 Best & Belcher. 32 6W Ophlr • 61
900 Best & Belcher. 31 800 Ophlr 60
1300 Best & Beicner. 30 1100 Ophir 63
200 Caledonia 1 «> 100 Ophir 58
300 Challenge Con.. 14 iroo Ophlr 52
1100 Choi lar 19 300 Ophlr 53
600 Chollar 20 900 Ophlr 64
500 Choi lar Is 400 Overman 16
300 Chollar 21 400 Overman 17
600 Chollar 22 700 Potosl 23
Morning: Session.
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
600 Andes 07 4CO Mexican *>
2CO Belcher 12 «*> Ophtr «
400 Best & Belcher. 31 400 Oph r S4
200 Bullion 03 4<¥> Ophtr S2
50 Caledonia 1 00 100 Ophlr W
400Chollar 19 100 Ophlr «l
300Chollar 20 300 Potosi 22
200 Con Cal & Va..l 60 400 Savage ......... l»
100 Con Cal & Va..l 55 200 Sierra Nevada,. 31
100 Gould & Curry. • 20 300 Sierra Nevada.. 32
300 Gould & Curry. 19 200 Sierra Nevada.. 33
300 Hale & Norc... 31 100 Union -Con 23
100 Hale & Norc... 32 100 Union Con 24
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 031 200 Mexican M
400 Belcher 12 100 Mexican 33
400 Best & Belcher. 31 200 Mexican 31
100 Caledonia 115 200 Ophlr 68
100 Caledonia 110 100 Ophlr 57
lOOChollar 23 50 Ophlr 68
1100 Chollar 22 SCOO Potosi 23
100 Con Cal & Va..l 55 1 500 Sierra Nevada.. 33
50 Confidence 75' 10O Standard 4 00
500 Gould & Curry. 19 100 Union Con 23
100 Hale & Norc... 31 ,-
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
Board— . ,.
50 Home Oil •• Z r»
50 National O & D Co • *-»
Street— • ,
60 National ' M
Afternoon Session.
Board— . w
60 Home Oil * f2
60 Home Oil 7 ??
100 Home Oil * f i
100 Home Oil • • * lu
MINING STOCKS.
Board— ._
10 Giant Powder Con .' »? £
35 Hutchinson P. Co 23 •»
60 Kilauea Sugar P Co..... 21 £>
10Q Makawell ,« 2?
1000 Northern Ry of Cal l» £?
150 Paauhau S P Co « »
10 Pacific Gas Imp « <*?
5 Pacific Gas Imp *5 .»
65 S F Gas & Electric Co <» «
Street — „ __.
B0 Honokaa -- *£»
J30CO Los Angeles Ry 5s.... 104 CO
tWOO Northern Ry of Cal 6s U» £
IGCfrO Oceanic S S Bonds »< «?
50 S F Gas & Electric Co <<> •¦»
Afternoon Session.
Board — m iw»
25 Contra Costa Water ™ J*j
25 Makawell « ;?
25 Paauhau S P Co « •£
10CO S V 4s (3d Mtge).. }«; eo
2000 S V 4s (2d Mtge) 103 CO
PRODUCERS' OIL. EXCHANGE.
Momtns Session.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY* 15, 1900.
New York Grain and Produce.
242,000
963.000
Black.
10
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
Sun rts«s ...
Sun sets
Moon rises
5:00
7:13
..8:27 p. m.
C Time ITIme Time Time
» Ft. I Ft- Ft- Ft.
• L W HW L.W HW
15 ... 6:80 -0.C 1:11 "Te 5:2S "Tl U:2I 5.7
16... 6:S2-0.6 1:53 4.7 6:13 3.2
H W L W H W L W
17 ;.. 0:08 5.8 7:15 — «.« 2:44 4.8 7:10 J.3
IS ... 0:54 S.4 8:02—0.4 3:32- 4.9 8:13 S.S
19 ... 1:51 5.2 8:53—0.2 4:17 5.0 >:22 J.O
20 ... 2:57 4.9 9:17 0.2 5:00 5.2 10:37 ».•
21 ... 4:16 48 10:4>) 0.6 5:4>1 5.4 11:46 2.0
Steamer.
From.
Columbia Oregon Port*. May IS
Santa Rosa San Diego May 13
Pomona Humboldt — May 19
Washtenaw ... .iTacoma May 1«
Wellington lOyster Harbor May 1«
Progreso ITacoma May 18
Willamette [Seattle ~ May IT
Coo* Bay Newport May 17
Walla Walla.... Victoria 4 Puget Sound May 17
Crescent City... [Crescent Clty...J May 17
Mackinaw Seattle I May 17
Arcata Oregon Porta May 17
Empire Coos Bay May IT
North Fork Humboldt May IS
Point Arena '.Mendoctno May 18
City of Peking. | China and Japan May 19
Corona San Plego May 19
Samoa ..../..... Humboldt May 13
Colon Panama ~ May 20
State of Cal 'Oregon Porta May Jo
Pomona Humboldt May :i
Bontta Newport May TL
Australia Honolulu May 22
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound May S
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Bonlta Newport May 15, 9 ami Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt May 15. 10amjPlerl3
Rainier .... Cap* Nome.... May 15. I pm Pier 34
Ohio Cape Nome.... My 15. 1:80 pm Pier 20
Luella Cap* Nome.... May 15. 3 pm Pier 3
San Pedro.. Cape Nome May 15. 11 am Pier U
Morn. Star. Cape Nome.... May IS, 3pn>|Pierlt
Alameda ... Australia May It. 8 prajPier 7
Queen Vic & Pirt 3d. May 18. 11 amiPler 11
1>1 Norte... Orejron Ports. May 1«. 10 am! Pier »
Santa Roca. San Dl-cn May 17. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt May 1ft. 2 pm'PW 9
Newport ... Panama May IS. 12 m'PMSS
Columbia .. Oregon Ports. May IS. 11 amiPler 24
Empire Coos Bay .. May 13, lOam'Pler 13
C009 Bay... Newport....... May 19, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coo» Bay May 19. 12 m Pier 13
Am. Maru. Chlna&Japan May 19. ,
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 19. * pm „
Am. Maru. China* Japan May 19, 1 pm PMS3
Sequoia Cape Nome May 19. 3 pm Pier >
C, D Lane Cape Nome.... May 20. 2 pm Pier If
Wai. Walla Vic & Pgt Sd. May 21
Corona San Diego May 21, .....*
Zealandla . Cape Nome.... May 21
North Fork Humboldt May M
Pt. Arena... [Point Arena. .iMay 21. 2 pmjPler t
Samoa (Humboldt IMay 23.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Bonlta Newport May 15, 9 ami Pier 11
Samoa Humboldt May 15. 10amjPlerl3
Rainier .... Cap* Nome.... May 15. I pm Pier 34
Ohio Cape Nome.... My 15. 1:80 pm Pier 20
Luella Cap* Nome.... May 15. 3 pm Pier 3
San Pedro.. Cape Nome May 15. 11 am Pier U
Morn. Star. Cape Nome.... May IS, 3pn>|Pierlt
Alameda ... Australia May It. 8 prajPier 7
Queen Vic & Pirt 3d. May 18. 11 amiPler 11
1>1 Norte... Orejron Ports. May 1«. 10 am! Pier »
Santa Roca. San Dl-cn May 17. 11 am Pier 11
Pomona Humboldt May 1ft. 2 pm'PW 9
Newport ... Panama May IS. 12 m'PMSS
Columbia .. Oregon Ports. May IS. 11 amiPler 24
Empire Coos Bay .. May 13, lOam'Pler 13
C009 Bay... Newport....... May 19, 9 am Pier 11
Arcata Coo» Bay May 19. 12 m Pier 13
Am. Maru. Chlna&Japan May 19. ,
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 19. * pm „
Am. Maru. China* Japan May 19, 1 pm PMS3
Sequoia Cape Nome May 19. 3 pm Pier >
C, D Lane Cape Nome.... May 20. 2 pm Pier If
Wai. Walla Vic & Pgt Sd. May 21
Corona San Diego May 21, .....*
Zealandla . Cape Nome.... May 21
North Fork Humboldt May M
Pt. Arena... [Point Arena. .iMay 21. 2 pmjPler t
Samoa (Humboldt IMay 23.
Steamer.
From.
Columbia Oregon Port*. May IS
Santa Rosa San Diego May 13
Pomona Humboldt — May 19
Washtenaw ... .iTacoma May 1«
Wellington lOyster Harbor May 1«
Progreso ITacoma May 18
Willamette [Seattle ~ May IT
Coo* Bay Newport May 17
Walla Walla.... Victoria 4 Puget Sound May 17
Crescent City... [Crescent Clty...J May 17
Mackinaw Seattle I May 17
Arcata Oregon Porta May 17
Empire Coos Bay May IT
North Fork Humboldt May IS
Point Arena '.Mendoctno May 18
City of Peking. | China and Japan May 19
Corona San Plego May 19
Samoa ..../..... Humboldt May 13
Colon Panama ~ May 20
State of Cal 'Oregon Porta May Jo
Pomona Humboldt May :i
Bontta Newport May TL
Australia Honolulu May 22
Umatllla Victoria & Puget Sound May S
Sun rts«s ...
Sun sets
Moon rises
5:00
7:13
..8:27 p. m.
C Time ITIme Time Time
» Ft. I Ft- Ft- Ft.
• L W HW L.W HW
15 ... 6:80 -0.C 1:11 "Te 5:2S "Tl U:2I 5.7
16... 6:S2-0.6 1:53 4.7 6:13 3.2
H W L W H W L W
17 ;.. 0:08 5.8 7:15 — «.« 2:44 4.8 7:10 J.3
IS ... 0:54 S.4 8:02—0.4 3:32- 4.9 8:13 S.S
19 ... 1:51 5.2 8:53—0.2 4:17 5.0 >:22 J.O
20 ... 2:57 4.9 9:17 0.2 5:00 5.2 10:37 ».•
21 ... 4:16 48 10:4>) 0.6 5:4>1 5.4 11:46 2.0
AUCTION SALES
SALE OF
HIGH-CLASS HACKNEYS. COACH. CAR-
RIAGE. ROAD AND SADDLE HORSES,
* All thoroughly broke to drive single, double, I
tandem and four-ln-hand. with fine knee ac-
tion. Also to ride and Jump. The most of them
well known with the Burlingame Hunt and
seme of them blue ribbon winners at last hors«
show.
Also the thoroughbred stallion IMP. LOYAL.
1ST. The property of JOS. DYER. SAN MA-
TEO. JUDGE S. K. DOUGHERTY. 9ANTA.
ROSA: FULTON O. BERRY ESQ.. FRESNO.
and others.
To B» Sold on -
THIS DAY.»S
TUESDAY. MAY lath. 19C0.
AT 1 P. M.. AT
SALES YARD. 1732 MARKET ST.. CORNER
VAN NESS AVE.
CHASE & MENDEXHALL.
.Successors to KUUp & Co..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horses can be seen at yard Friday. May It.
Catalogue now ready.
EMIL COHN, AUCTIONEER,
Will sell TO-DAY (TUESDAY). May 13th. at 11
o'clock a. m.. the Immense stock of Furniture
Stock. Everything must and will be sold.
Terms cash. Particulars Chronicle.
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.
fe fci§ &a
THIS DAT.
TUESDAY. MAY 15th. U a. m.
30 horses, suitable all purposes.
-'--'-' AT 1517 MISSION STREET.Delegate to Conference of Charities.
OAKLAND, May 14— Mayor Snow has
appointed Miss Katherlne C. Felton sec
retary of the Associated Charities, to rep
resent Oakland at the National Confer
ence of Charities end Correction, which
will be held in Topeka. Kans., May 18 to
20. Miss Felton has accepted the appoint
ment and will attend the conventior
Eight-Hour Day Demanded.
OAKLAND. May 14.— The Cement Work
ers' Union of Oakland has nearly doubled
its membership during the past week. At
the last meeting an eight-hour day was
demanded, the demand to take effect after
the 1st of July. No increase' in pay. was
asked. The present wage scale Is $2 50 a
day for laborers and ?l a day for finishers.
OAKLAND May 14.-The funeral of the
!ate Mrs. 6. A. Melvin war held yesterday
from her late residence. 279 East Twelfth
street. The were conducted by
the Rev. J. K. McLean. A number of
beautiful flora! offerings attested the sor
row of the many friends of the deceased
The pallbearers wfre: C. W Kinsev A
B. Smith. John W Phillip*, j. \v. .Evans
Dr. Price and F. G. Conklin. Interment
was at Mountain \ lew Cemetery.
Funeral of Mrs. S. A. Melvin.
OAKLAND, May 14.— The women's
clubs of this city and vicinity, both
literary and social, are planning
teas and receptions with which to
mark the end of the season. During this
week and next a number of these organi
zations will entertain their members and
friends at formal or Informal receptions.
The ladies of the Women's Alliance of
the Unitarian Church will hold a fete and
basket picnic next Saturday' at the resi
dence of Mrs. Egbert Stone on the San
Leandro road near Elmhurst. The beau
tiful grounds of the Stone place will ba
at their disposal. The ladies who have
charge of the arrangements and who will
act as a reception committee are: Mrs.
G. A\ . Bunnell, Mrs. Harry Wise. Mrs.
Andrew Bennlson, Mrs. Wilder, Mrs.
Courtain. Mrs. E. B. Stone, Mrs. Farrell,
Mrs. C. H. Redlngton and Mrs. Cutter.
• • •
The final assembly of the Hill Club will
take place next Friday evening at the
h 1l?t °' M ™- Jonn Glichrist. The guests
b £ the husbands of the members. The
Hill Club Is one of Oakland's leading lit
erary organizations.
• •'¦'••
Mrs. Frank Iiavens was the hostess last
Monday afternoon at the final meetine for
the reason of the Piedmont Whist Club
Trophies were won by. the following la
d : )^* Mr T; Edwar d Engs, Mrs. R. W. Gor
rill and Mrs. George Sterling.
• » •
The Young Indies' Club will end the
season next A\ ednesday evening with an
entertainment and hop at Milton Hnll
corner of Twenty-eighth etreet and- San
Pablo avenue. An attractive programme
has been arranged as follows: Selections
by Professor Palmer's mandolin and eui
tar club; song. Miss Lcipsic; piano solo
Charles- Duton; vocal solos. Miss Wine
Miss Leferty and George Lamb; piano
solo. Miss Agnes Farrell.
¦ , • • •
The final meeting of the Thursday
Whist Club will be held at the residence
of Mrs. J. Hamilton Todd. The - Todd
home will 'be prettily decorated. After the
games refreshments will be served.
The Wheclock Whist Club will mark
the end of the season by a special meet
ing on Thursday. May 31, at the residence
of Mrs. John Yule.
WOnE'NS CLUBS
PLAN FUNCTIONS
Mrs. Rose Albers, who accused the den
tist of first admiring the ring on her dim
pled finger, then borrowing it and finally
pledging it to his "uncle" for a few paltry
dollars . was placed on the stand in her
own behalf and told the story of her short
experience in the employ of Conn.
The dentist was struck with the beauty
of the stone, she eald, and asked to be
allowed to wear It. Being her employer
Mrs. Albers granted his request. When
phe asked for the return of the gem a
pink pawn ticket was all she received.
•Conn did not take the stand, evidently
being satisfied with the showing that tho
jewel was not worth much anyway. On
motion of his attorney the felony charge
was dismissed and one of misdemeanor
substituted, on which the dentist was
again arrested.
The ring for the alleged theft of which
Dr. Edward Conn spent many weary hours
In Jail awaiting the ball promised by his
friends while a charge of felony embezzle
ment stared him in the face, is worth but
$15. This was the testimony In the Police
Court this morning of A. Hyman, a Jew
eler, who was called as an expert.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 14.
On the Showing That the King- Was
Worth but R15 the Charge of
Felony Against Dr. Conn
Was Dismissed.
Mrs. Rose Albers Loaned
Her Employer a Cheap
Diamond.
DISPUTED RING
TAKES QUITE A
DROP IN VALUE
Ju£ge E. C. Hart of Sacramento ha»
overruled the demurrer of the defendant
to the complaint in the suit instituted by
the Contra Costa Water Company against
the city of Oakland Involving the validity
of the water rates established recently by ;
the City Council. In making the ruling a
lengthy opinion was filed on the subject
and also a formal order denying the mo
tion that the plaintiff be required to state
its several causes of action separately.
After reviewing the case In detail Jiidge
Hart states that upon presentation of the
motion he was disposed to regard some of
the points made by the defendant as pos
sessing much force, but that on caretully
examining the complaint and comparing
It with the one which was sustained In
the case of the Spring Valley Water
Works vs. the city and county of San
Francisco he found it followed subetan
tially the language and averments used
In that action.
"That being so," reads the decision, "It
would be decidedly presumptuous upon
my part to undertake to substitute my
judgment as to the sufficiency of the com
{)laint for that of the highest court in the
and. Holding the view that the conten
tion urged on the motion to strike out
certain parts of plaintiff's pleading is, in
the light refleclHl upon the decision to
which I have Just reierred. untenable. It
therefore beeomts unnecessary at this
time to enter upon any discussion of or
attempt to determine the question, to my
mind one oT the most important presented,
as to what constitutes the measure or
basic elements of compensation upon
which the Council Is, under the law, au
thorized to act In nxlng the maximum
rates to be charged for water. This ques
tion will necessarily be presented upon
the trial of the cause and may then be
passed upon and determined so far as
this court is concerned."
Regarding the petition to strike out the
allegation that no notice had been given
the water company by the Council of its
Intended action in fixing the rates on the
ground that such notice is not required.
Ju4se Hart holds that while such action
may not be necessary, a neglect of this
precaution, unexplained, when the fixing
of the rates was in contemplation may
be a circumstance tending In a greater or
less degree to establish the fact that the
body acted arbitrarily and without inves
tigation.
The contention of City Attorney Dow
that inasmuch as Mayor Snow signed tho
ordinance he should have been made a
party to the suit Is disposed of by refer
ring to the decision of the Supreme Court
In the case of Jacobs vs. the City and
County of San Francipco. (100 Cal.. page
--4, et seq.i. From this case is deduced
Ui* opinion that It Is not necessary for
the Mayor to be made a party to the suit.
It was urged In the demurrer that as
the waur company will receive an an
nual profit of W5.000 under the rates fixed
by the Council, the complaint fails to
a cause of action. Judge Hart
finds that the authorities do not sustain
this contention: that the point to be con
sidered Is whether the company will re
ceive a just compensation, based upon the
amount It has invested
Accordingly the motion to strike out in
oenled, tho demurrer overruled and th»«
defendants piven ten days in which to fllo
an answer to the complaint.
WATER COMPANY
VICTOR lN THE
FIRST SKIRMISH
Judge E. C Hart Has De
cided That Its Complaint
Is Valid.
Sacramento Jurist Overrules the Ds
murrer of City Attorney Dow
and Denies the Motion
to Strike Out.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway. May 14.
The engine was running tender on draw
ing a train of five loaded passenger
coaches. The train had left the Alameda
depot at 4:30, connecting with the 4:15
boat from San Francisco, ana It was Just
about 5 o'clock when the accident hap
pened. The tender left the track first and
went bumping along over the ties. En
gineer French and Fireman Elliott both
f=tuok to their posts, though they knew
that the engine might gro over at any mo
ment. Both did everything in their power
to stop the train and prevent a loss of life
In a horrible wreck. To their efforts is
due the fact that no one In the coaches
¦was Injured. '¦ ': . .
When Engineer French felt the engine
buTP'.ng over the ties he reached for the
revereinc lever and tried to throw it over
and stop the train. The lever failed to
catch on the ratchet and flew back, strik
ing tilm on the side of the leg. The blow
was a painful one and threw French off
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 14.
ANOTHER engine turned turtle this
afternoon on the Alameda narrow
gauge line and wrecked a train
on the big curve at the land-end of
A'.amefla mole. As In the other accidents
of this nature that have happened on the
mole, the engine turned over, the train
behind it was derailed and the occupants
of the engine cab were severely Injured.
Engineer Asa French was badly bruised
and cut, but remained at the wreck after
the accident. Fireman George Elliott sus
tained a fracture of the skull and may not
recover.
It was not the hoodoo engine. No. 19.
this time, though the wreck was an exact
duplicate of the wrecks that have been
caused by the ill-fated locomotive. It
was, however. Engine No. 18, the sister
of the "hoodoo" and Its counterpart In
b'jild.
"Finally, after bumping along for near
ly 100 yards, -I managed to Jam down the
"I am at a loss to account for "the acci
dent." said Engineer French. "We were
running slowly — In fact, slower than us
ual, as the Los Gatos train was ahead of
us and we are under orders to allow
plenty of freeway. Nothing alarming
happened until we were on the last curve
toward the roundhouse. A sudden jar of
the tender, followed by the crashing of
the ties under our wheels, told me that
the engine had left the track. Deter
mined to prevent a disaster, I sprang to
the lever and applied tne" brakes. Then
I reversed the lever, throwing the steam
on hard. To add to the ordinary diffi
culties of such a position, the lever did
not catch securely on the ratchet and
slipped. The heavy iron struck me a hard
blow on the right leg, nearly knocking me
down.
The wreck delayed the travel upon the
Alameda branch of the narrow-gauge
system, but did not entirely stop it.
'Fireman Elliott was taken to the Oak
land Receiving Hospital, where he was
attended by Drs. Stratton. Rowe and
Ewer. They found a fracture of the skull.
a fracture of one rib and a concussion of
the brain. Elliott is a single man and re
sided In Alameda. His parents reside in
San Jose.
his balance. He recovered himself and
without stopping to find out how badly he
was hurt resumed his efforts to stop the
train. The engine was finally reversed
and steam applied so that the train gradu
ally came to a standstill. When the en
gine had almost stopped It Rave a lurch
suddenly and rolled almost completely
over on'its back. It was in this turn that
Fireman Elliott was injured. He was
thrown out of the cab and struck upon
his head, fracturing his skull.
No one seems able to explain the cause
of this wreck, but as It occurred upon
the made ground of the new mole and as
it happened to one of the big engines
when it was running tender on, the most
plausible theory Is that the tender struck
a soft place In the roadbed and was de
railed.
Mr. Perry was chaplain of the Assembly
at the session a year ago. He then be
came private secretary to -Congressman
Metealf and went to Washington. He be
came interested in army rellglous-work,
and through the influence of Congressman
Metealf secured this appointment. There
were several thousand applicants for the
position and but one vacancy. Mr. Perry
was the first chaplain to undergo the
physical and mental examinations now re
quired for that position.
«, REV. BARTON W. PERRY. T
Citizens' Committee Says Im
provements Should Be Made
on District Plan.
Recommends to the City Council That Money
Be Borrowed for Betterment of Fire De
partment and Schools!
NO BONDS NEEDED
FOR NEW SEWERS
HAYWARDS, OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS BARKLEY, FRUITVALE
REV. BARTON W. PERRY
TO SAIL FOR MANILA
ENGINE WRECKED
ON ALAMEDA MOLE
\ Frightful Disaster Averted by
the Prompt Action of the
Engineer.
Fireman May Lose His Life, but His Partner
in the Cab Escapes With Slight
Injury.
OAKLAND, May I4.r-Rev. Barton "W.
Perry, for many years pastor of the
S;m I^andro Presbyterian Church
and later private secretary to Con
gressman Metealf, has received his com
mission as a chaplain in the United Stales
regular army and will sail Wednesday on
the transport Logar. for Manila. He is
under orders to report to Major General
MacArthyr for assignment for duty..
Rev. Barton W. Perry Is one of the best
known of the Presbyterian ministers in
California, where he has always taken a
prominent part In the affairs of the de
nomination. He is a graduate of Hamilton
College, New York, the same Institution
from which Secretary of War 'Root grad
uated. His theological course was taken
at the Auburn Theological Seminary. His
tlrst charge was in Rochester, N. Y. Here
it was that Mr. Perry built his first
church. .The lots upon which it was con
structed were given bv Colonel Elwell S.
Otis, the returning Military Governor of
the Philippine Islands.
In 1S93 Mr. Perry came to California and
was for the better part of a year pastor
of the Redding Presbyterian church. For
two years be was the editor of the Occi
dent, the organ of the denomination.
Later he assumed charge of the San Le
andro church, where he was located for
six years. While in San Leandro Mr.
Perry took a prominent part in the mate
rial affairs of the town and had much to
do with the raising of a $5000 subsidy for
the establishment of the cannery In that
town. During his term of service he
doubled the size of his church and built
an addition and man??.
In 1896 Mr. Perry was one of the dele
gates to the Pan-Presbyterian Council
held at Glasgow, Scotland. He rode 10X>
miles upon his wheel through Great Brit
ain studying the cathedrals. In 1898' he
was commlslsoner from the Oakland Pres
bytery to the General Assembly, and at
that session held the position of chairman
of the committee on church erection.
There are but eight chairmanships In the
entire assembly.
the purpose of finally passing the bond
ordinance, to which no opposition was
expected. City Attorney Taylor, who pre
pared the ordinance, was present and
read the document, explaining it as he
went along. At the portion stating the
need of a new library building it was set
forth that there were 7000 people who en
joyed the privileges of the library.
This statement brought Trustee Mackie
to his feet with the remark that It wa3
false; that the library had but 5100 mem
bers. There was no reason, he said, why
the facts should be distorted, and If they
were in one case other points were open
to attack. The Trustee then openly de
clared his intention to vote agains"t the
final passage of the ordinance.
Mackle's stand aroused the Ire of Chair
man Brick, who said that he could see
no valid reason for haggling over figures,
especially as Trustee Mackie had all along
been on the side of those favorable to
the bond issue.
V. hen the matter was submitted the or
dinance was defeated by the- votes ot
Trustees Mackie and Schulte. Trustees
Brick. Miller and Forderer voted aye. A
two-thirds vote being necessary, the two
contrary Trustees defeated. the project.
Some excitement was caused after the
rollcall by Chairman Brick, who sought
out Mackte and stated his displeasure at
what he termed the latter's backsliding.
Mackie did not reply.
According to the ordinance submitted
this evening it was proposed to bond the
city for $1(6.000, with interest at 4 per cent.
The election was to have been held on Au
gust 25.
C. Katow, R. Fukomoto, T. Oaktnura.
C. Tagaml and R. YamanI, five Japanese
cigarette makers, were arrested last night
on warrants charging them with grand
larceny. Twenty* more complaints for the
same offense will be issued to-day. The
Japanese were employed In a clgrarette
factory on Jessie 'street. A strike was
threatened some time ago and a portion
of the men went out. The funds of their
union, amounting to £5000, were taken by
them. A representative of the faction
that did not get the coin swore to the
complaints.
Japanese Charged With Larceny.
The members of the board of directors
are: C. A. Bon. R. J. Boyer. L. L. Brom
well. D. D. Crowley. W. E. Gflfflth. E. M.
Hall Jr.. O. R. Lukens. C. E. Palmer. H.
N. Sloper. Felton Taylor. H. A. Tubbs and
Marstori Campbell, secretary.
The alliance inaugurates the campaign
with a membership comprising several
hundred of the most prominent Repub
licans in Alameda County. As an organi
zation the club has been In existence for
sixteen years.
OAKLAND, May 14.— The board of di
rectors of the Oakland Alliance Republi
can Club will meet at 1362 Jackson street
to-morrow evening to arrange plans for
the work of the club during the approach
ing political campaign. This will be the
first meeting of the alliance since the
gubernatorial election, two years ago. It
is expected that the directors will arrange
to conduct a ratification meeting In Oak
land on the Saturday night following the
Republican National Convention at Phila
delphia, June 19.
ALLIANCE CLUB, TO
OPEN THE CAMPAIGN
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 14.
The Citizens' Committee of One Hun
dred, which has been considering the
question of bonding the city for improve
ments, finally submitted Its report to the
Council this evening. The report was full
of surprises, and the Council will con
sider it at a future meeting.
Perhaps the greatest surprise in the re
port was the section in regard to sewers.
The committee found the" necessity of
many sewer Improvements, the recon
struction of the main lake sewer and pro
viding for storm and sanitary sewers in
Cemetery Creek, East Oakland .and the
annexed district, but they reported
against bonds being issued by the city for
these improvements and in favor of the
work being done by the district assess
ment plan.
"Your committee carefully considered
the various engineering plans for perfect
ing our sewer system, but finally came to
the conclusion that as all sewer Improve
ments had heretofore been made in Oak
land under the district plan, the parties
specially benefited paying therefor, it
would not be advisable for this commit
tee to propose to the city or to the Coun
cil so radical a change as Imposing the
charge for constructing the main sewers
upon the city at large. Your committee,
as citizens and taxpayers of Oakland, are
not opposed to such a change being made,
but, if it were recommended by us, it
would arouse antagonism, and we are not
sufficiently impressed with the necessity
of the change to urge it upon our fellow
citizens. We therefore do not report in
favor of borrowing money by the city for
the purpose of making sewer improve
ments, but recommend proper action be
taken by the Council for the purpose of
causing these improvements to be made
at the expense of the districts benefited."
Upon the question of bonds for a water
supply the committee recommended "that
no bond proposition for a supply of fresh
water from wells be submitted to the vote
of the people until a sufficient supply of
good water is located by satisfactory
tests. If at any time In the future a sup
ply of pure, fresh water can be furnished
the city from mountain lakes or streams
it will be time enough to consider the Is
suance of bond3 therefor, when it can.be
shown that a sufficient supply at a rea
sonable cost can be obtained.
"It has already, been reported to the
City Council," says the report, "that
a plant for furnishing a supply of
salt, water, to be used in sprinkling the
streets, may be obtained for $31,348, and
we unite with the sub-committee in rec
ommending the issuance of bonds for that
purpose." • •
Bonds for fire department improvements
were recommended to. the amount of $57,
500, as follows: Firehouse and lot in Lynn
district,, East Oakland. $3000; same in Aid
en, annexed district. $12,500: same in Gold
en Gate, annexed district, $12,500; same on
Vernon Heights, $5000; same in neighbor
hood of Adeline and Twelfth streets. $12,
500 • house on lot owned by city on Twen
ty-fifth street, $4000; purchase of premises
now leased by city. $«X». •
Bonds for HChoolhouses and sites were
recommended to the amount of $2o0,000, as
follows: Site near Grove and Sutter
streets, annexed district. $GO0O; building
thereon. $50,000: site near Fortieth and
West streets, $7000; building thereon. $o0.
000; site near Eleventh andVBrush i streets.
$%00- building thereon. $21,000; addition to
Lafa'vette School lot. $8000; site on \ernon
Heights. $SOO0; site in Lynn, East Oak
land. $6000; Manual Training SchooK $50 -
000; addition to Clawson School. $o000; ad
dition to Lafayette School. $30,000.
Street Improvements were recommend
ed half to be paid for by bonds and half
bv' property owners, as follows: East Four
teenth street. $37,500 by bonds, same by
property owners: San Pablo avenue, $68,000
by bonds, same by property owners; Tele
graph avenue, $80,000 by bonds, same by
property owners; Franklin street. $13..tO0
by bonds, same by property owners;
Twelfth-street dam, $50,000 by bonds: grad
ing Commerce street. $10,000 by bonds;
crosswalks, $75,000. all by bonds. Total,
$3 9 9 000
It' was recommended that Washington
street be opened, that bonds be issued for
$300 000 for a City Hall on west side of the
street, the triangle "to be left free and
clear Harbor recommendations were in
definite. No recommendation was made
in regard to dredging upon the ground
that this was a function of the Federal
Government, and no recommendation was
madefor wharves at West Oakland upon
the ground that the benefit to be der ved
therefrom was not clear enough, but a
stand was taken for public docks as fol
1O "We do recommend that the city secure
ir£S5ZS a t& U h ntte^d a s e t r ate f s r ° P Ter BSSSg
charges by^the owners of private wharves
a The "committee then presented a series
of strong arguments for parks < a nd made
the following specific recommendations.
"First-Improve by the beat means to be
ascertained bv experiments and consul
tations with eiperts the land belonging to
the cHy in the neighborhood of Sixteenth
street station so as to make it an attractive
park, a P easing Introduction of our city
to the stranger and a playground for the
°™Second— Your eommitee is informed
that ?he lite James de Fremery at
one time Mayor of our city, had n
view that his home, consisting of .six
hinoks nf land on Adeline street,
should become a city park, and that
It was his Intention to sell this prop
erty for that purpose for much less than
its commercial value His sudden death
prevented the opening of negotiations
with the city authorities. We are in
formed that his heirs are willing to sell
for a fair valuation, and your committee
is satisfied that these children of an hon
ored father desire to carry out his wishes
and are disposed to make favorable terms
with the people of Oakland. W e recom
mend the City Council open negotiations
with the owners of this property and as
certain if it can be bought at a reasonable
price, and buy it if satisfied that the price
S "Thi"rd— In the event of the purchase of
the De Fremery tract, then we recommend
that Eighteenth - street, from Adeline
street west to the park at Sixteenth
street station, be widened and improved so
as to make it a boulevard connecting the
'^•Fourth— The public-spirited citizens of
East Oakland have donatcd^to the^cifv a
tract of land between Eighth and Twelfth
streets and we recommend that money be
raised 'by bonds for immediately fitting
this tract for the purposes designed. .
, "Fifth Your ¦ committee does not feel
iu«*tified in making recommendations for
the purchase of any particulartract of land
for a large park either in the eastern part
of the city or ln'the foothills, but we ear
nestly recommend : that- Immediate steps
betaken looking, to the selection and pur
chase of a suitable. tract of land in that
vicinity for park purposes."
BOND PROPOSITION KELIiED.
Proposed Ordinance Defeated by the
Unexpected Action of Two
; Trustees.
ALAMEDA.: May 14.— The city of Ala
meda .will not- Issue bonds' for thefim
provement of it s . schoolhouses, the Web
ster street Broadway and . the municipal
electric light works, as originally, project
ed 1 and ' for ', which * an t ordinance came up
for final passage to-night beforev»the
Board of : City Trustees. The proposition
¦was killed by, the votes of Trustees Mackie
and ! Schulte. >v.-< ; ¦ : » < -¦. '¦*::•-.*-
The - meeting was ¦ called . especially., for
Will Operate Steamers to Nome.
. ..OAKLAND. May; 14.— Supervisor : John
Mitchell leaves to-morrow for Seattle and
Portland. where he. will meet his brother
The '-. Mitchell . brothers ¦ have bought ' sev
eral steamers.* which they will operate be
tweerr northern coast 7 points : and"- Cape
Nome. The largest of the fleet is the Nome
City; a vessel built to carry 450 passengers
The • firm also owns the George W. ¦ Elder
and the Alliance, " • . v -
Rural Mail Delivery at Haywards
• HAY WARDS, May 14.— J. B. Jeffrey an
employe \ of the United States postal 'ser
vice,; has been at Haywards for ' several
days inspecting; the town .aid the sur
rounding country with ths» Tltw of deter
mining the advisability, of establishing a
free postal delivery: here. It is .under
stood that -the inspector's i report • to the
department at Washington will be favor
able. • • ,¦¦... ' -
BERKELEY, May 14.— A. -V. Saph, in
structor in mechanical drawing, has been
made a fellow in civil engineering of Cor
nell University. Mr. Saph is a graduate of
the University of California and attained
distinction in his work. . eu
A. V/ SAPH MADE A
FELLOW OF CORNELL
M. Jenkins, H.C. Olsen, W. H. Youn* L.
T. Hlggrlns. W. J. Parker. J. T. Chatel. New.
ton Gray. H. G. Clayton. C. H. Meyer N
P. Aherby, H. Goellllch. Elmhurst; J. E Tay
lor Jr.. W. G. Thornalley. Aj A. Fost, L. F
Clark. J. M. Carr. Robert 13. Bain., Frank Al
brlKht, H. W. Uray, George Hammer, John K.
Jeffress, George W. Albright, Alice- M Al
bright, O. B. Chase, A. B. Hollywood, Fruit
vale.
OAKLAND, May 14.— In view of the liti
gation now pending over the water rates
recently established by the City Council
a communication received to-day by the
Supervisors, petitioning that body to re
duce the water rates of a certain district
to the figures decided upon by the city
of Oakland, was not directly acted upon,
but referred to the committee of the
whole. The residents making the petition
live between Oakland and San Leandro
and outside, of- incorporated cities and
towns. Among the more prominent sign
ers were the following:
SUBURBAN RESIDENTS
WANT CHEAPER WATER
OAKLAND, May 14.— The sight of a yel
low flag displayed this morning at the res
idence of A. Solomon, 1401 Eighth avenue,
threw the residents of that vicinity Into a
state of keen excitement. Inquiry discov
ered that young Herbert H. Solomon, a
clerk in the employ of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company, had been stricken
with smallpox.
Young Solomon has felt badly for sev
eral days, and this morning Dr. \V. S.
Porter was summoned to attend him. Pro
nouncing it a case of smallpox the physi
cian Immediately took steps for the isola
tion of the patient. The matter was re
ported to the health office and the em
ployes of that department summoned the
younger children of the , family from
school and placarded the house.
The supposition is that Solomon con.
traded the disease by handling the mail
and advices from China. Dr. Porter re
gards his chances for recovery as excel
lent.
PACIFIC MAIL CLERK
CONTRACTS SMALLPOX
Alameda County is having lots of trouble
with the State government. This county
was picked as the first upon which the
experiment of returning partly cured in
sane was to be tried, and now all of the
money that is due the county by the State
Is held up.
The money received from the State for
the support of indlgsnts and half-orphans
is apportioned to the: hospital fund of the
county. When the State falls to make its
payments promptly it leaves the, hospital
fund short. The county now has $17,500
due it, and this claim has been allowed by
the Board of Examiners at Sacramento,
but the money has not arrived. The mat
ter was brought up before the Supervisors
to-day, and Supervisor Church and Dis
trict Attorney. Allen were instructed to go
to Sacramento and make an investigation
as to why the money Is not sent.
Alameda County Is facing a shortage in
its hospital fund because the county is
unable to get $17.&C0 due from the State for
the support of indigents and half-orphans.
There is already a shortage of $10,000 in
this fund and claims are being held daily
because the money due the county cannot
be collected. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. May 14.
Committee Sent to Sacrameento to
Ascertain Why Many Thousand
Dollars Are Not Paid for
Indigent Support.
Hospital Fund Runs Short
Because the Money Is
Not Given.
STATE HOLDS UP
MONEYS DUE TO
ALAMEDA COUNTY
¦ OAKLAND. May^14.— The local lodges
of the. KnlghtB of the Maccabees are soon
to have a new home. in a, handsome; mod
ern building, which is to be erected at the
corner of Eleventh and Clay streets. The
structure will be built on the corner ad
joining the old California Medical College
and will cost about- $18,000. Robert Rus
sell, a wealthy New York man,' is the
owner of the property, and will have the
residence structures that now occupy the
corner removed within a few, weeks. When
completed the new hall -will be one of the
largest and most elegantly '- appointed
lodge buildings in < the - city. Cunningham
Brothers are preparing the plans, and as
soon as their work is completed the actual
construction- of the Maccabees', ball .will
be commenced. -Wmjmm^im^l^^m
MACCABEES WILL
HAVE A NEW HALL
in the Throop Poly technical School - at
Pasadena, and in 1897 entered the college
of mechanics of the university. He com
pleted the most difficult course in the uni
versity In three years and was honored
with membership in Phi Beta Kappa. -
Mortimer is 2.7 years of age and has been
appointed assistant in the mechanical en
gineering college. ¦
J. D. MORTIMER.
BERKELEY. May 14.— J. D. Morti
mer, a member of this year's grad
uating class of the University of
California, has been made class
medalist.
Mortimer has been a most distinguished
student. "He came to this coast from Chi
cago five years ago. He spent six months
J. D. MORTIMER MADE
MEDALIST OF CLASS
Since James R. Whlpple, last year's
football captain, was prevented from
playing in the Indian game because his
record in studies was^below. the mark set
for athletes considerable discussion has
been Indulged in on the subject. At this
morning's meeting the senate decided that
athletes need not have any higher rank
than any other student who was allowed
to remain in college.
Another Important action taken was the
gauging of marks given the students.
Hereafter any 6tudent who does not aver
age at least five hours of twos and ones
each term will be dropped from trie uni
versity rolls. At the expiration of six
months, however, if he has made up his
work he will be reinstated. This rule ad
mits of no change by any professor or
body. It will greatly increase the stand
ard of scholarship. „'¦
The third change was in doing away
with all special examinations. When a
student cuts an examination he cannot
now get a special examination from some
indulgent professor, but must wait until
tho beginning of the next term, when the
regular examinations are held, when he
may apply for and take an examination.
Professor George C. Edwards was made
faculty member of the student executive
committee. John R. Glascock was made
alumni representative of the student exec
utive committee.
BERKELEY, May 14.— Three Important
changes were made In the administration
rules of the University of California at
the meeting of the academic senate this
morning. The ancient law that required
an athlete to have a higher standard in
his studies than ajiy other student was
repealed.
No Longer Required to Attain Higher
Percentage Than Their Fellow
Students — Special Exam
inations Barred.
Academic Senate Amends
the Rule Regarding
Athletes.
CHANGES MADE
IN STANDARDS
OF SCHOLARSHIP
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 35, 1900.
11
* OCEAN TRAVEL.
Alaska
Commercial Company
Will Dispatch From San Francisco Direct for
NOME
-AND-
St. Michael
THE FIRST-CLASS
S.S. SAN JOSE
SAILING
SATURDAY, 1 JUNE 2d,
AT 2 P. M.
rOR RATES APPLT TO
ALASKA
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
310 SANSOME STREET.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
WILL DISPATCH FROM SAN FRANCISCO
DIRECT FOR
ISTOls/EEl
THE WELL-KNOWN ALASKA FLYER. »
S. S. HUMBOLDT.
Positive Sailing
WEDNESDAY...... MAY 30TH
•«. S. ZEAl.ANDl',
First Sailing. ••••• ....MONDAY. MAY riST
i From Paclflc-st. Dock at 3 O'clock Sharp.
Second Sailing (approximate) JUNE 25TH
Parcel Express to All Points.- ¦
For freight and passenger rates apply office.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST- STREET.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOUP.O
(PARIS) AND HAMBUKU.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. ; CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
- . For Satllnr. ?tc. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'dWy.NY.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved if secured before departure. .
• HERZOG & CO.. Gen. Airts. for Paclrtc Coast,
401 California St., comer Sansome, S. F.
CCMPA0NI2 CEKER ALE TR ANSI TLASTIQC3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -+*^
Sailing; evrry Thursday instead of <fTJrf*lv
Saturday,- from November 2. 1S93, at^C^J!
10 a. m..' from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton «t. LA GASCOGNE. May 17: L'AQUI-
TAINE. May J4; LA TOURAINE. May 31: L,A
BftETAGNE. "June 7. First class to Havre.
$60 and upward: S per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. 145; 5 per cent
reduction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND. CANADA, W
Broadway (Hudson building): New York. J. F.
FUGAZI A CO.." Pacific Coast Asenta. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. Sac : Francisco. .
Foaittvet? cured by tUcfiO
JLittle Pills.
Thcc also relieve Distress from Dyspcpafa»
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating, A per*
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongoe
Pain to the Side, TOXPTO UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable
8rnatt pm> Small Dose.
\ Small Prlco.'
OCEAN TBAVEL.
THE WILD 6G0SE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch Use Fast and Commodious Iraa
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 tons burden)
T. "WARREN". Master.
— FOR —
esi IiUlf !!¦ ill
Via Seattle, on or about
The passengers' accommodations have been
made with a view to their health and comforr.
Electric lighted throughout. Any pen-on con-
nected with Mr. Lane and going north la hla
employ will call at once room «. 22 Market
St., and Inquire about passage and freight.
Will Have Experienced Ice Pilots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prompt landing at their
destination.
For pasnare. freight, cold storage or Informa-
tion acoiy at once to
J. J. HAYISiDE, 22 Market, Hm, 8.
Or to Purser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
»w wharf, San Francisco:
fr^J«w^_^ For Alaskan p^rts — n am.
S«fT2>k 3Jay ""• 16 - 21 - 26 - 31 * June 5 -
rV4iJ*T»»SNrv Change to '•ompuny's steani-
twTpSsjIVi*^ er * at Seattle.
f£iSx'l\S- for Victoria, Vancouver <B.
EJggRTjLrffltt' C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
Tacoraa. Kverett. Anacort*»
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
"^* 11 a. m.. May 11. 1*. 21. !9, SI.
June 5. and every fifth day thereafter; changs
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry>: at Tacoraa to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ity.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 10 a. m.. May
13. IS. 23. ?S. Jun« 2. and every fifth day there-
* For Santa Cruz. Monterey. Fan Simeon. Cay-
ucos Pert Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Oavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
! Kast San Pedro (Los Ancelej.) and Newport--
I • a. m. May U. 15. 13. 13. 27. 31. June 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San IMeso. storP'n«t only at Port HarfoM
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
An*elea and Redondo (Los Angeles)— 11 a. m..
May IS. 17. «. ». W. June 2. and every fourth
dav thereafter.
For Enaenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Maxatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. May 8. and
Jth of each month thereafter. *i_T~
Per further Information obtain company •
The- company reserves the ritrht t» ehane*
Kteamera. sailing dates and hours of sallln*
withot t previous nnttee.
TICKET OKFICli-4 New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Cen. Ajfents.
10 Mr\rk(«t nt.. San Francisco.
THF 0. R. & H. GO.
.DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOR.TTl^-A.Isr'D
From Spear-street wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berth
lAnt $8 Second Class and Meal*.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS...........
May 13. 23. June 2
COLUMBIA SAILS May IS. 28. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A*ent.
620 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YOES. 80CTHAXPT05. L05D0S. PASIX
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
"From New York every Wednesday. 1) a. m.
St Paul— May IS! St. Paul June «
St. Louis May 23 ?t. Louis June n
New Tork. May 30|New York June 20
RED STA?? LINE.
I few Yo.-K end Antv*2r-».
From New York, every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark .i....May 16! Noordland June •
¦Westernland ....May 23 Frlesland Jun« 13
Kensington May 30! b'outhwark Juno 20
cMPl^ci LINE.
S. S. Ohio sails from Steuart-st. wharf. San
Franclzco. for Nome, on May 15. 2:30 p. m.
From Seattle May 24. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, tot limited freight spac ¦»
Is still available. Subsequent saiUncs from
Seattle June 30. July 21. Auuu.it 30. For rates
and other Information apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. .
30 Montsomery st., or any of Its asents.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
rer First and lirannan streets. 1 v. m..
tor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, culling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and' Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sallinr.
S3. AMERICA MARU
: • Saturday. May 13th. 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
...Thursday. June 14th. 13C0
' SS. NIPPON MARU. ...Tuesday. July 10th, 1300
Via Honolulu. .
; Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. . For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ -,¦..; W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
0CEAX1C 8. S. CO.-HONOLUT.U, APIA
AUCKLAND A>'1> SY1»'KY. -
B S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Thars. May 17. 8 p. m.
B, 8. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu nnly)
Wednesday. May 30. 1900, I p. m.
I D. SPKECXEL3 & tJrtlo. ou., n%u., >¦* aontromf .j
Pier 7. Foot PaciSc St Fre! 6 M09ice.32? Market St
M^anwo iiKL ™™*3 ;«sg*d
Mon^Uly saUtas tor Valparaiso and Hambux* \
Ti» Mexican porrs. Cfra:raUSoutb Azaarto*. etc. |
S.S. Luxor, CC0 tons, sails about June 3 j
ID SrBECKf 19 * *»*»• r »>- ?«•"•». »'• H«"'f»«Jr7 »M
rvJ ¦** 1-' -»>» '"»"' *"*** »«~*"» Vrmw Hct> J
! BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEES.
: ~TOR U~s7hAYY YARD AMD YALLEJQ.
j "Steamer "Montlcello.'* *.
t MON Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. ami Sat., at 3:43
r a. m.- 2:15, 8:20 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Frl-
3 days, 1 D. m. and 8:30: Sundays 10:30 a. m.. i
i>. m. - Landln7 and offlce Mission-street Dock.
• Pl«r No. X. Telephone Main 1508.
FA KB «» *.. M ..iMTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.
12
CArE A'OiME.
TO Cape Nome for $90 by 4000-ton steel steamer
sailing May 2S from S. F. C. F. MOORE. 935
Market ct.. room 9. Agent. > -
CLAIM 11 on Buster Creek, near Cooper &
Lane's claim; size N4 by 600; title perfect.
Apply to CAPTAIN NELSON", room 32, Grand
Hotel. - -
GROCERIES, proviolons, tents: packed, shipped
free. SBARBORO & CO.. 821 Montgomery.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works. 353— S57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
BEICINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.,
M. South :.3.*>— Packing, moving and storage.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister ft.; phone South 146.
j J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
! vatlns: Co.. 240 J4th st. ; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 35-40 Sth st. : tel. South 250.
J. McQT'KEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South ?2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth «t.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. CEO. WAI.COM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carp-t-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 1?8.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less £iioce!»!>ful. Ilnom 311. P27 Market «t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and a rooms, basement;
yard; rtablc: also corner bay-window flat. 7
rooms, bath. 1S76 Fifteenth St.. near Dolores.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottace; 4 rooms; water
free. 105 Collins St., near Geary. ,
$12— COTTAGE of 5 rooms, rear: also 4-room
fiat. bath. $1S. .Apply 2524 California st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. ~tT~_] HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
I ed without pain by use of electricity, eas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums: the best and most artistic dental
work nt reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
frr-n $1 up; other fillings from COc: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings. r.Oc; crowns. $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL I
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st. |
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our Fpeclalty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, -9 to 2
p. a. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns. $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 50c: gu Klven.
New York Dental Parlors, 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting: when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting, COc; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten ruarantee for S years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO., 6 Eddy st.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills: by all druggists or at the doc hospital.
610 Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287. j
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post, Fillmore— i
Advice and medicine *5c; city visits $1 50; all
animals treated: docs boarded. Tel. West 635.
DRKSKMAKKUS AM) SEAMSTRESS-.!!
THE Llvlncston Co. of N. Y. Dressmaking
School, lime. Rembert, manager, 530 Sutter
st— Every detail of the art taught pupils In
separate lessons: time not limited; terras rea-
sonable; tailor gowns, dinner, reception and
evening dresses made; patterns cut to measure;
fit grntd; any design copied at short notice.
MCDOWELL'S is the place to learn dressmak-
ing and ladies' tailoring; eve. class. 103 Post.
MME. REMBERT. 530 Sutter. dressmaking
school ; any pattern cut to measure.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
FroncR tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 287 Geary St.; dresses
made. $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools, Par-
rott building ; Gallagher, IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Bt.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages. telegraphy. English
branches, rlvil. electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new SO-paee catalogue free.
AYRES'. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, cborthand. typing; life
ECholarthip. $50; day and evening: catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
CALIFORNIA Business College, 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up to date; all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur^
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 18(4
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 3SS Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher
best system." M. Q. BARRETT. 802 Mont.my!
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladies and gentlemen. O. Sinz, 36 Geary, r. 84.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI.
1008 Mission; annual concert May 16. 421 Post.
LOOKKEEPING practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct.. Flood bldg.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
Ho.: day or eve.; tj mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Sth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4.154.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment ofllce: established over live years.
421 Post st.:. telephone Bush 135.
ORPHKUM Employment Ofllce— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
SAM KEE. 613 Bush— Best Chinese 'help fur-
nished promptly; tel. Bush 194.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
beet help furn.: tel. John 2121. 8O6',4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Ofilce—
BeM help. . 411U O'Fnrrell Ft.: t«-|. East 4?«.
EMPLOYMENT* WANTED. — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLAPS German cook desires situation:
best city references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sit-
uation; trood cook and houseworker; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nursegirl
or second work; references. MISS CULLEN
325 S-tter st. .
A YOUNG woman wishes to cook for men or
mining camp,- ranch or boarding-house; best
references. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED by a middle-aged woman, to do any
kind of work; wages $10. Please call at 21
Sherwood place., off Third, betw. Howard and
Mission. •
MOTHER and daughter would like places ~to
do chamberwork. Call or address 47 Val-
ley st. ¦ ,. •
YOUNG Swedish lady wants a situation as
working housekeeper. 420 Tenth st. j
COMPETENT woman wishes any kind of light
housework by the day or part of day: will
work reasonable. Address box 2180. ; Call. : .
A WOMAN to do housework In city or country;
small wages. 105 New Montgomery, : room 26.
SITUATION wanted by a reerectable woman
as nurse; would assist with light work; ref-
erences. 828 Oeary st. .'
WORTHY. middlo-BKed woman wishes situa-
tion; kockI cook and housekeeper: short dis-
tance In country preferred. 20. Willow ave.
¦A LADY wishes Ironing, washing and mending
flannel ft>r irentlemen. ; 579 Natoma st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes work "by • the
day washing or houseclcanlng. Address 1251 Vi
Mission st. ¦
AS housekeeper by neat elderly American wo-
man: • cooking, ; washing and the -. care .:¦ of
¦children: has rood references; wages small.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALK.
GIRL wishes to do general housework; wages
$15 to $20. ¦ Call 328 Clementina st. : no postals.
Gm_v 18 years, wants housework and plain
cooking; likes children; speaks little English;
H2. 1931 Sixteenth ave., South San Francisco.
LADIES' and gentlemen's repairing and mend-
Ing, including ladies' dresses: shirt waists
made to order. Call 520 Stockton at.
AN American woman wishes situation to do
any kind of work; is first-class laundress and
good housekeeper; will work by day at $1 and
carfare. 242& Minna, downstairs, not In rear.
GOOD Norwegian cook with experience wants
position in private family: $25 to *30 a month.
9 San Carlos ave.. bet. Seventeenth and Eight-
eenth sta.. near . Mission. •
YOUNG girl wishes a situation at general
housework. 538t£ Jessie st.
WANTED — By middle-agpd lady, position as
housekeeper In small family. Call at 14 Me-
AlllBter gt.. room 8.
A GERMAN girl wants work of any kind by
the day; please cal lor address 324 Minna St.,
bet. Fourth and Fifth. '
WANTED— By respectable widow, with little
_irl of 6 years, position as housekeeper. 13
Minna st.. basement: three days. ¦
GERMAN woman wishes situation by day; win-
dow cleaning and Ironing and washing. 240Vj
Clementina St.; upstairs.
LADY wants position to go to Cape Nome; any'
kind of work. Pox 2173. Call office^ -
LADY wants a position to go to Cape Nome.
Address C. 74 Geary tt., room 21.
LADY wants plain sewing to do at home. 130
Fourth st., room 4.
WANTED— By experienced ladles' nurse: a few
more cases; references. , Call at ollA Castro.
AN elderly woman wishes a situntlon ai house-
keeper: rood reference. EOS Franklin St.
WINCHESTER Hou*. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $160 night; $1 50 to M
week, convenient and respectable: free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore. '
A HRANCtl offlce for Call advertisement* and
»uberrlr-ticn» has been established at 1O9< Va-
lenrlw «t. -
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALES.
DRUG clerk, licentiate; six years' experience;
_cltyjDr country. Address Box 213S. Call.
COACHMAN, gardener, useful man, single, by
a reliable industrious man; understands lawn,
flowers, milking and generally useful around
place; references. Address P. L., box 2342,
jCal^
STURDY young miner wants to fro to Cape
| Nome; nny proposition considered; small
| funds. Address box 210S. Call.
I MIDDLE-AGED German; take care of horses
and garden and work about place; good refer-
_ences. Box 2341. Call.
j GOOD cook wants a place in a small board-
i Ing house: good on pastry. WM. WINKEL-
MAN. 6S Third St.. room 162.
COACHMAN and gardener wants situation;
good references; experience city and country.
Address 613 Ninth St., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by competent German man
and wife on a ranch; dairy or stock ranch
preferred; first-class references. Address 745
Howard st.
A MAN and wife, good cooks, desire situations
in a mining or lumber camp. Box 2313. Call.
GOOD paperhanger, painter tlnter. etc., handy
with tools, wishes situation; city or country
hotel; reasonable wages. Box 2172. Call.
NURSE and masseur, German, experienced in
traveling with Invalids, wishes position; flrst-
i class references. Address box 2174, Call.
GARDENER, married, steady man, will take
' charge on private place, run gasoline engine;
understands all kind* of work: good refs.,
letters. Gardener, P. O. box 2S2, San Ra-
fael, Cal.
ENGINEER and machinist; used to any kind
stationary or locomotive enslnes: also dyna-
mos; first-class ref. Box 2191, Call.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2100 Flllmor«» st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071V4 Market st.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 50c. Phone Mint 257.
~ FLATS TO LET.
ATTRACTIVE. 6unny flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath;
rent moderate; Hanover pi., off Sacramento,
above Powell. Apply at 42 Montgomery st.
A — "-ROOM flat; corner; sunny; 2 bay windows:
all modem Improvements. 417H Third st. !
FLAT of 6 sunny rooms or 3: rent reasonable;
latest Improvements. 1359 Minna st.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN A-HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath; yard; base-
ment: modern Improvements. 1931, 1935
OFarrell st. ; rent cheap.
NICELY furnished flat: 7 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. Apply C32 Lyon st.
SUNNY flat— 6 rooms and bnth; all modern im-
provements; large yard. 2812B Howard st.
$9— SUNNY flat 5 rooms, bath, etc.; cor. Jersey
and Sanchez sts.
793 HAIGHT: 7 r |25i 1610 California; 7 r..$35
1421 Green; new 20 922 Hyde: 6 r $3
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GREAT SNAP!
Furnishings of new 6-room flat for sale; Hyde
and Sutter sts.; all cash not necessary. If re-
eponbible: best Brussels carpets, brass bed,
birdseye maple dressing table, bureau, etc.;
mahogany parlor furniture, pictures, bedding,
dishes; nothing lnektng; been occupied 3
weeks; rent of flat $40. Inquire H. J. MOORE.
103S> Market st
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 3 rooms complete or in part
cheap. 129A San Jose ave. ' |
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 tan-e. Kin- Fnrnitiir" «--.. 11?7-nai Market.
KUIINITURE WANTED,
CHAS. LEVY buys™your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market St.: telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furnlmr-. corpus. 757 Mis*!"": »»1. R»d ****
HELP WAXTED-F-MALE.
MOTHER and daughter or two friends as cook
and second trlrl; $30: Sonoma; easy place.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
TWO flrst-class cooks, city, $40 each. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. .
FIR8T-CLASS chambermaid, summer resort,
$20; waitress, same house. $20; fares here.
MIPS CULLEN. 325 Sutter gt.
COOK, summer boarding house. Sonoma. J30;
boarding house cook. $30; ranch cook. $30:
German cook. Mill Valley, $25: cook. Redwood
City. $30; 4 German cooks, city. $25 and $30;
housework. Woodland. $25; San Jose, $30. 2 In
family; Walnut Creek. J20; Angel Island. $25;
2 ranch co<1ks. $20 and $25, fare here. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
C. R.~HANSEN k CO~... PHONE GRANT 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city hotel. $25; 10 waitresses,
Santa Cruz and water resorts: 6 waitresses,
springs and other summer resorts; 5 wait-
resses, same hotel, country, $20. see party. 10
a. nv, to-day; waitresses. Stockton, Vlsalla.
Holllster, Salinas. San Mateo. Corning, $20
and $25; 2 first-class restaurant waitresses.
San Jose. $25; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20;
chambermaid. ?17 50; plain laundress, city ho-
tel, $20; 3 fancy Ironers; cashier, $7 week......
FAMILY ORDERS
Ranch cook, $20, Santa Clara Co.; houseglrls,
Palo Alto. Mill Valley, Oakdale, Sacramento
Co., $20: German girl, small family, city, $20.
choice place, and 50 other places for house-
girls, M-coud girls, nurses, etc. C. R.IIAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TWO girls, same house, small American fam-
ily; one for housework, one; care children;
ttood place for mother and daughter. Call C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MAY SPRELLAR, caphler, please call early.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Protestant woman for , general
housework. Napa Co.. on fruit farm. Mn
family,' $30 per month; girl for general house-
work, 4 In family, short distance, $30; cook,
no waph. rhort distance. $30, 2 In family, see
both ladies at .our office this forenoon; second
girl, $25: 15 waitresses 'for hotels and restau-
rants. $20 and $25; 6 restaurant waitresses, $6
a week: American, biscuit-maker for restau-
. rant. $33; cook, also second. girl same house,
$30 and $25; nursery governess, $25;mother and
daughter for nice place;; 75 other girls for all
'. kinds of work at good ' wages. See J. F.
CROSETT'S AGENCY 316 Sutter st. .
A PASTRY cook, institution.* $40; waitress,
same place, $25; cook, family of two, $30, Ross
, Valley; 3 cooks, city. $30 each; houseglrl, $30;
two eecond frirls, Oakland, 125 each; 6 second
girls, city,- $25 and $20; woman to help Inia
delicacy store. $." a week; nurse, $25; ranch
cook. - $30; man ¦ and ¦ wife. $40; 50 houseglrls
$25 to $30. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
25 GIRLS, general housework; $25 to fib. EM-
PLOYMENT BUREAU, room 202. 927 Market.
WOMAN for housework l'\ In '• small American
family on ranch, $20; see party, Sunday, 2 to 4
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRL to assist In general housework. Call at
8320 Twenty-second St.. near Valencia.
DRESS skirt operators wanted. KRAKER. 226
Bush St.
PROTESTANT woman to assist In light house-
work and cooking, a short distance In coun-
try; wages $10. See lady Wednesday from 10
to 12 a. m. at 1S24 Mason St.
GIRL to do general housework and assist in
cooking; small family. 1522% Ellis st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 2036 San
Jose ave.. Alameda.
NEAT woman for general housework; must be
good plain cook; bring references. 2130 Van
Ness ave.
GIRL general housework and cooking; 3 In
family; wages $22 50. 1220 Potrero ave.
GIRL general housework, cooking and assist
with children. 122 Carl; blue Eddy-st. car.
GOOD talloress on pants. 604V4 Mission Bt.,
room 5. ¦
WANTED — Young German girl for light house-
work. Apply 1425 Webster Bt. -
GIRL to do _eneral housework and cooking;
wages $10. Call 1718 Buchanan st. '
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 1170
Market st.. room 315.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; reference. 776 McAllister st.
WANTED— Experienced waitress; restaurant.
233 Sixth st.
WANTED — A waitress at 619 Sacramento St.
WILLING girl for general housework; wages
$15. 1420 Post st.
WANTED— Woman for general housework and
cooking; small family; wages $20; no wash-
Ing or Ironing. Call bet. 10 and 12 o'clock.
2C14 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Apprentice on custom coats: paid
while learning. 410 Kearny st., room 27.
GIRL wanted to assist In light housework and
take care of baby; good home. 1632 McAllister.
WANTED— Dressmaker and apprentice. MRS.
NOLAN. 387 San Jose ave.
APPRENTICE on fine coats; paid while learn-
Ing. . 504 O'Farrell at.
GIRL or woman; light housework; sleep home.
1696 Page St., cor. Clayton.
WANTED— Young girl for housework; refer-
ences. 214 Hyde st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
small family; wages J15. 610ft Polk st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking;
wages $20. 1231 Guerrero st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply at 325 Geary St.
A GIRL to take care of a four- year-old child.
1733 Post st.
GOOD dressmaker to rent rooms cheap: work
_£urnlshed. Box 2775. Call office. Oakland.
A NO. 1 piano teacher to rent rooms cheap:
pupils provided. Box 2774, Call office, Oakland, j
TAILORESS on custom coats. 1179 Mission St..
near Elshth. ¦ ¦
GIRL to assist In light housework; 2 children:
wages $6. 1955 O'Farrell st.
FOUR bright, intelligent young ladles (20 or 30
years of age), to apply Dr. E. E. McLean's
Hair Tonics; only those with references need
apply. Room 212, Claus Spreckels building,
between 8 and 9 a. m. ¦
WANTED— A neat girl to work in a bakery.
427 Larkln st.
FINISHER wanted on custom coata. 36 Geary
' St.. room 44. ¦
WANTED— Waitresses. Hotel Repeller, 7S1
Sutter st •
LADY wanted for companion and assist in
light housework: good home: fair pay for
right party. Call after 12 noon. 116 Tay-
lor st.
I A— COMPETENT, pleasant woman for house-
work and cooking; small American family on
ranch: fare paid; $20; see lady 1£33 Valencia
st.. between T and 4 to-day.
GOOD manicure: permanent position. BOJf-
TON PARLORS. 324 Post st.
GIRL for second work: references. Call bet.
9 and 12 at SE. cor. Clay and Buchanan sts. !
WANTED — Girls and young women: light work
In laundry. Apply 1519 Eddy St.. bet. 9 and 10.
FINISHERS on custom coats wanted. 304
Tehama st.
GIRL for general housework; small family:
wages $10. Apply 1830 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to work In laundry and tend office;
wages $4 week. Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes.
WANTED— Girl for light housework: good
home. 215 Eleventh st.. near Howard.
GIRLS GIRLS. : GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS _ CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 22ft Fremont.
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class: illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught In 4
weeks MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. £35
Clay at. ¦
WANTED— Middle-aged lady to represent large
firm; free from home cares. Box 2200. Ca'J.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; $15. 42 Stanley place, bet. First and Sec-
ond, near Harrison. .
GERMAN girl or middle-aged woman for
. housework. 629 McAllister st.
WANTED — Good finisher on pants; steady
work. 104 Kearny st.. top floor.
WANTED — A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8H Antonio St..
bet. Ellis and O'Farrell, off Jones.
FEW young ladles to loin night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscrirtlona has been established at 10M Va-
lencia Bt
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^MURRAY & READY MAIN 5848
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
......WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY...
3416 men for positions of every kind, wages
from $30. $40. $55. $65. $70 to $115 i
BOILER MAKERS COOPERS i
8 blacksmiths, camps, shops and ranches. $60. j
$40. !35 and $2 50 day: also blacksmith's help-
ers; 2 boilers, $3 60 day Cooper, $2 75 day !
wheelwrights and machine blacksmiths: boys !
to work in machine shops and factories; 2
carpenters for rough work. $2 50 day and found
FREE FARE
We ship you to-day .S. P. R. R. WORK
25 teamsters....* $2 day
25 laborers $175 day'
WE PAY YOUR FARE TO....
sawmills and woods of a large lumber com- !
pany: 50 laborers, no experience required, $28 j
to $10 and found; also loggers, $40 and found;
cross cutters. Jack screwers, etc.; 150 tlemak- |
crs and woodchoppers, big prices, tools and
provisions furnished :
FARE PAID SEE BOSS HERE TO-DAY
20 laborers to hand and pile lumber for thu
mills and yards of *a large company, $30 and
found
To go to-day." 10 laborers to handle
and truck grain. $2 50 day.. Fnre paid
....TO THE GOLD AND SILVER MINES.... i
8 more miners, single-hand work... $73 i
15 laborers, no experience required.. $60 and fd i
25 muckers $75 and - J50
100 laborers for city and all parts of Callfor- I
nla. $1 75 and $2 to $2 50 day
50 teamsters, city and country, $1 25 and $2 day
....FARMS.... ORCHARDS ....DAIRIES....
cheese makers, see boss here. $35 and found:
6 farmers and choremen and wives, $35 and $40
and found; 120 farm, : orchard and vineyard
hands. }25 to $35 and found; milkers and but-
ter-makers; choremen and boys; gardeners.
$30 and $25 and found ; haymakers, $1 25 and
II 50 -day .' ;
.:...... SPECIAL ...i
Butcher for ranch, $30 and found........
working 'foreman for lumber yard; working
foreman for ranch, see boxs here. For other!
positions come down and read bill boards and '
secure latest lists. MURRAY ARE^DY
634-636 Clay st.
A— ASSISTANT baker, X35 and found; porte7
country • hotel. $25; second . cook.- mine board-
ing-house. $40 and found...."
. IS cooks, hotels, restaurants, boarding-houses*
ranches, etc.. $25 to $30 and found: mess boy'
$15 and found; waiters, hotels, rentauranti
and cafes. $25. $30. $35 and $S to $9 week; Iron-
ers. country laundries. $25 and $35 and found-
camp waiter* and dishwashers. MURRAY &
READY, 634-636 Clay St. ?;: V,V^-
BAHBER.V Progressive 'Union-Free employ-
m»nt H. Bernard. Pec, lot 7th: tel. Je»«i» isj.
BOYS wanted. Apply at glass works. Seventh
and , Townsend sts. 7"
WANTED— Boy for 'office: < one just leaving
school preferred. Box 2338. Call. s
WANTED— Cook for coffee and lunch house-
must wash dishes: wages $8 per week. 32
., Sixth st. ¦
¦'reya 1 Appiy s - ¦*- "^^
__^¥^«_?L^"j___. AppIy t0 nEIS
BOATBUILDEIt to build 16-ft. open boat SunT
days.-^ snare time. Box 2315, Call.
M «r"e7t E^ Bedmaker ' ewe >' House, 32 East
B \\ ?B FHIT7 a iM : i you ™F man: " te * dv work.
>\ . 1 1' RITZ. 1128 J St., Sacramento. <
GORDON oresaboy; one. who can make readv"
state -wages expected: and experience a a
¦ dress box 2340. Call. "~"; . nce -/; Ad -
W ££ TE ,P~ E ? perl f n _' ed «~"ke«' to milk 16 cows-
good place for right party. Box 2339, Call.
L.OST AND FOUND.
WHITE sdIU dog answering to name "Cob-
ble"; when last seen wore license tag 260 at-
tached to collar. Liberal reward If returned
to 1716 California at.
LOST— Between Folsom st. and Union Iron
Works, silver English lever watch; name and
flag Inside. Return to 533 Shotwell St.; J. ji
REID; reward.
1101 MARKET — Lost Sunday evening, necktie
pin -et in pearl-. Please return to _l><>\-
number and receive reward.
WHITE bull terrier bitch; liberal reward!" j>^
Leavenworth st
LOST— A diamond locket, monocram E. B j"
Return to 1901 Page "t. : reward.
LOST— Drown water spaniel; liberal rewarT
H26C California st.
t200 REWARD— Lost last Wednesday. May i
a leather hand satchel containing diamord
Jewelry. The above reward win oe paM -,_
its return to W. K. VANDERSUCK CO.
LOST— A fawn greyhound bitch. Return to*__
San Bruno road, near Silver ave.. ar.a r;?elv»
reward. "
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWINTthe well-known~i_dW "T^T*
slclan. formerly 401 Van Ness, returned r-' O m
Europe with advanced knowledge: aare _,{
reliable cure 55; have treated thousands 0 '
cases with >ucccn: 15 years' practice in < y
maternity home; low fees. lOOT'-j Mar-e: sr'
DR. G. W. CDONNEIX. the world-reno^l
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac
tlced In S. F. for years: treated thousands ¦_
cases successfully: treatment can be used it
home; consultation free. Write or call _t
1023H Market at. **
MRS. DR. WTETH. reliable specialist; a m
practice: home In confinement; treatment at
office. J5; any ailment: consultation free con-
fldentlal. 942 Post St.. bet. Hyde and L arkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1036 Market; ladles' s^Tl
cialist; treatment at office, J3; consuiutra
free; hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 237.
DR. F. FRANK, ladle-' physician: call O n
physician with man's knowledge. 191>Lag_na.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 122S Market; ladles 7
physician; chronic diseases treated- l_t»
scientific methods: treatment. J3.
PRIVATE conflnement home; beifcare- nhy-
¦lcian: English and German spoken; tsrma
reasonable. 828 Caatro at., near 7th. OaJcland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies* specialist— Treat"
ment at office, 15; consultation free. UM
Market st, between Mason and Taylor.
DR. NO TOT KEE. late of Canton. Chin*- «j«-
eases of all kinds cared: herbs and t«_a- aan{.
tartum.704 S-.cramento.cor. Kearny ;advlce free.
NICE reliable home for confinement; r>ason«-
ble. 2012 Folsom St.. MRS. DR. PFEIFTER.
T. S.— DR. WISE & CO.. the ladles' apeclaliata"
1118 Market st.; every case guaranteed; a upw
MRS. SCHWARTINO. midwife; private hom»
in conflnement for ladles. 510 Eddy st.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment. U.
DR. and MRS. M. TVEGENER— Prlvata hom«
in confinement. 1813 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. IIS Mason at.
MEDICATED BATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths cure rheumatism, ecsems
and all nervous troubles; ladles' department
removed to "The Bellevue," Van Ness ave..
opp. St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Post.
METAPHYSICS.
TO-NIGHT, free meeting, "Mesmerism." 971
Geary st, garden entrance, front.
GRADUATE of National School Mental. Mag-
netlc healing. Dr. La.--well.14 McAlllster.r.2-
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SAL/EH
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. _>
INTOtSH _ VVOLPMAN. 19 j- 1*7 Fremont at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc WHITELAW. 216 Spear St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture anl
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a lar<e stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can ship everything tn 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 Mission st... abovs
Sixth: write for catalogue.
FOR sale — A splendid mastiff. 10 months old:
weight 120 lbs.; height 2 ft. 3 In.; best cf
pedigree: price $30. Particulars from SLI>»-
KEY & PAGE. STS Market at., or DAN
SLINKEY. Sausallto.
FOR sale — Complete shelving, glass doors, etc..
for large store: best condition; bargain. THE!
WHITAKER-RAT CO.. 723 Market st.
' LARGE, fresh shorthorn Durham cow; very
j handsome; gentle. 1312 Folsom at.
$25: Stj_SH VIEW camera outfit, with 2 fine
English lenses; Unlcum shutter. 40 Oeary at.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; i full
quart bottles, e-pressage prepaid. $3 20: noth-
ing on case to indicate contents: twice the
price could buy no better; mall orders solic-
ited. F. EPHRAIM A CO.. » Montgomery.
ONE ex'ra fine quality, double. 1 outer and t
inner. 2 compartments, fire and burglar proof
bank vault; made in aectlons for convenience
In shipping and for setting up: will sell at %
bargain for cash. Box 1SS0. Call office.
FOR Sale— Fresh cows. Apply 217 Hearst ave.,
Sunryside.
FULL line cameras and photo supplies; selling
cheap. W. A. HARTTER. 513 Examiner bldg.
8-POUND steel T rail for sale cheap. BUHN-
STINE BROS.. 534-53S Brannan st.
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo suits for $2 50.
Portland Loan Office. 2j Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. BULLARP A BRECK. 131 Post at.
BARBER fixtures and furniture: 2-chalr outflt
complete; must be sold at once at a sacrifice.
Inquire room 614. Call bldg.
AUTOMATIC Wlllcox & Gibbs sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1315 Mis-ion st..
near Fifteenth.
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
J1C0: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
S33 Market st.. San Francisco.
ft SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand, tn good
condition, for sale. 377 Shotwell st.
A— $3 M DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 7i Pcp-
ular Price Hatters. 230 Kearny at., nr. Ptn».
ONE 3 H. P. 220 volt motor; standard mak«: al-^
mo»t new; cheap. WHITE. 61« Misalon st.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. »th snd Wii.
A~FJ nIe 7uit. $10: dressTpants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
H1GH-AKM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dltlsn: complete: cheap. 1315 Mission, nr. L>tn.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; imn *2?- W0 P <1
—E'-Htl! 1 ! »-thes; 2.1 -hand. J^Pu^ke. 1» Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
ch-ap Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and tr,l.l. W. C. BENTHAM. i«2 Market at.
A 10-TON FaTrbankii scale and flr« and burg-
lar .roof »afe. 21i r « Il *__ a ____ .
iAFES^New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: che_P^_42 Ma.n St.
K\FF*5-\>w and sect nd hand: all sises. THB
WAmSAFfLlMII Market St.. San FTan.
I ~ MiyCELLAM-Ot'S WA3TS.
crrovnl?! \\H safe, suitable for country
*h£JaJJJ™_T_A. P.. U- S. Mint, city.
Wivtrn — uprisht piano for
V.5. H L.T WHITFHKAD. 1710 Market »„
31 o >K V TOJJLOAX,
AKT. ui.po-tinn, any «-«-*; « per cent: first"
»J-c_d mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
ifi'xiiiM legacies corporation loans, chattel
nn'tcageV: confidential: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 1«. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
A VY "amount at 6 per cent: 1st. 2(1 and 3d mort-
-aires undivided interest, real estate tn pro-
bat-; 'mortnage!. and legacies bought: no de-
la v get my terms before doing business else-
v, h; r ». R. McCOLCtAN. U Montgomery, r. <•
HIGHLT respectable private place to obtain
liberal advarces on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4« Market
Bt . ; tel Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amnunt;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MUSI reliable place lo borrow on diamonds.
watches, je-elry. W. J. HESTHAL. W Sixth;
nlcnejt price for old gold, sliver, diamond*.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
AT 1I« Kearny st.. room ». respectable private
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates: take elevator. Telephone Davis 905.
ON furniture and pianos without removaJ-.i-iC:
service: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
M» rnd ~>. IVonohoe building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furniture at lVi per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HAR-HHARGEK.
S22 Fill" St.. room 34.
MONEY loaned sntarted people without security.
HILJ.. rm. 44 Merchants' Kxchnc-. 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; wltnuut security; all busi-
ness lonfldentla!. Tousley Co.. 321 Parrott big.
CASH loaned, to salaried people on note without .
indoi-er. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ISO TO $50,000; lowest rates: 1st and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DR. DEN, 413 Montgomery.
HE_P WANTED— MALE.
I ATcr__^CN__w"_Tca'S 104 Geary st
Wanted for the Coaat R. R. ...Free faro
100 . teamsters .' $2 a day
100 laborers $2 a day
100 rockmen $2 a day
20 men to build fences $2 a day
Free Fare Free Fare
20 railroad laborers, company work, $2 a day.
board |4 50 a week; free fare. ••••
60 laborers for a mountain R. R-, $1 a day
and found; see boss here
WANTED FOR SAWMILLS AND WOODS.
See boss bere 11 o'clock to-day
60 woodsmen. *40 and found
15 yardmen $35 and found
50 woodsmen and laborers for sawmill and
woods: fares advanced; see boss here
BO miners. $2 BO a day; 25 mucker-, J2 and
$2 50 a day; 50 quarry men. $2 23 a day: 30
farmers, HO. $23 and $20; 10 milkers and
choremen. $30, $23, $20 ami $15
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chef, $100: second cook. $75; broilers. $60 and
$£0; vegetable cook. $40: third cook. $40:
baker and pastry cook, hotels. $60 and 145;
waiters, city and country, $30, $33, $40 and $50;
kitchen hands, dishwashers, city and coun-
try, $30. $25 and $20. C. R. HANSEX & CO..
104 Geary st.
A VIOLINIST and assist tend bar for a sum-
mer resort; $30 and found. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. '
WANTED
for pine woods, year's Job. 2j woodsmen. $40
to $60 and board; 15 yard hands. $30 to $35 and
board: 60 railroad laborers. $1 a day and
board, half fare paid, see boss at office
6 haying- hands. $32 50. fare $1; 4 haying hands,
$32 50, fare 75c; 3 haying hands, $32 50. fare
70c; 1 haying hand. $1 25 day; sack sewer,
$40 and board; farmer, steady place. $2S;
blacksmith's helper, $30; 13 laborers, woods
and mills, $26 to 140. fare paid: 10 men to
peel bark. $40 and board; choreman. farmers:
elevator boy. $12 and found; dishwasher, $15
and room. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BAND sawyer. $4 day: 8 single-hand miners.
$2 50 day, steady work; machinist for country,
J3 day; lronmolder for country. $3 day; 4 car-
penters, $3 day; 2 milk wagon driver-. $25 and
found. $43: house mover, $3 50 day: stablemen
and can washer. $30 and found; 3 men and
wives, $35. $40 and $50; farmers and milk-
ers, $30 and $1 35 day: teamsters. $1 and board
and $2 50 day: 100 woodsmen, $26 to $10 and
board and Increase, see boss here; and many
others. J. F. CROSETT Agency. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Cook, country boarding house, $40;
ranch cook. J30; second cooks, $40, $30 month,
$S week; waiters, vegetablemen. potwnshers.
porters, bakers, pantrymen and otherhotel
and restaurant help. J. F. CROSETT, 82S
Sacramento st. i ,
BOYS. 14 to 17: $3 to $7.
MAN and wife; ranch; $49 and found.
EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, r. 302. 927 Market.
WANTED— Man and wife, short distance. $40;
see party here, 10 o'clock. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted for short hours.
20 1 * California st.. near Drumm.
i OFFICE boy wanted^ FINK & SCHINDLER,
I 1309 Market st.
WANTED— A shoemaker at 41 Fourth st.
SECOND waiter wanted; German hotel. £50
Howard st.
WANTED— Experienced milk driver; also ex-
perienced can washer. 140S Devlsadero st.
SPEEDY shoemaker on repairing. 1155 Mar-
ket st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary st.
WANTED— Steady man; light outdoor work:
will pay $12 to $18 per week; must have $60
caah. 1018 Market st., room 10.
: GOOD dishwasher wanted at 21S Mason St., be-
1 fore 7 o'clock; wages $25 per month.
; PLATER, understanding polishing, competent
to take charge of shop; state experience. Box
2344, Call.
WANTED— Nursery man that understands flor-
ists' business. Call 500 Haight s_
SOBER coachman and gardener wanted; refer-
encea required. Call 217 Mission. 9 to 10 a. m.
WANTED— Assistant bookkeeper and a grocery
clerk; must be strong and know how to han-
dle horses: reference required. Apply at
RANCK E BROS.. 1532 Kentucky st.
! WANTED— Young man to work at carpentry;
one with some experience preferred: state
wages wanted; also experience. Box 2348.
Call office.
STEADY, bushellng man. Room 1001. Palace
Hotel.
BARBER wanted; steady. 1035 Guerrero st.
WANTED— Young man butcher (German). 4127 !
Eighteenth st., near Castro.; call between
8 and 9 a. m. !
WAITERS wanted. Hotel RepeHer. 731 But- I
• ter st. :
MAN to make himself generally useful in
kitchen. Hotel Repeller. 7S1 Sutter st.
WANTED— Good, sober shoemaker for custom
repairing; steady work. 939H Mission st.
WANTED— Smart collector and canvasser: in-
dustrial insurance. R. RALPH, room S, 403
Montgomery st.
BUTCHER wanted. Inquire 344 Thirteenth St.,
San Francisco.
WANTED — Good steady waiter for evenln-s
and Sunday*. Ill Larkln st.
BARBER, at 1112 Kentucky st.; steady Job;
good wages.
GOOD dishwasher wanted at 6 Eighth St.:
call early.
A GOOD coatmaker wanted at 530 Kearny st.,
room 1; good wages. .
WANTED— Laster; Chase machine; steady
work for good man. D. R. WENTWORTH,
¦West Berkeley.
AT once; first-class pressman on custom vests.
509 Kearny st., room 2; good wages; steady
employment.
WANTED— A good lively solicitor; big money.
136 Ellis st ¦
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d. sts.
WANTED— Recruits tor the United States
Mwrtiie Corps. U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
. married men. of good character, between the
sges of 21 and 35 years; not less than & feet
4 Inches and not over « feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have lerally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read., write
snd ipeak English properly. For further in-
formation npply at the Marine Recruiting
Of.ice. 40 EI1U st.. Ean Francisco. Cal.. or
MO K st.. Sacramento. Cal.
BOY with men's furnishing* experience or tc
learn. 611 Montgomery. 2 to 4. ;
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c 6<2 Mission st.. bet lit and 2.1 sts.
MKN wanted U. learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and eventng
class: special inducements thl« (.eni>on: only
institution In the world teaching thl» trade-
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S HARBKR COLLEGE «3.
¦ Clay «t. _^
WANTED— Laborer* and me;I-.anlcn to know
ihm Ed Rolkln. R»m» Hnn<«e proprietor, atill
mns Denver Hnu«e. ?17 Third »t. • 150 large
room«: ?.V p»«- -i-M- ti to »* r*r w»^c.
MEN to learn barberlng and halrdresslng at 9.
F. Barber School. 741A Howard *t.
UKNTLK.MKN> suit* in order. II p^r week at
r»«h prtr*-. V. V "--iilo,-!-— —^ its K>-»rnv
BAILORS, ordinary teamen «nd green handb-
all part- of world. ireRV\x'« ?« ~t»»inrT.'
PF.NSIONS-GEO. U. CAMPH'- >... Inwr-r; l$
vear«' nntcM-«: KxamiPT Nile.
Hotel. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
Mt; i00 nwnu. 2T.C nlrht: rradirc rv.m: fre#
UN DELI j Hou«e. mrner Surn anl Hjwnrd-
Ro» mi l.w to ;.1c --• • -i-ht 7r.~ t<- *" ¦».!• w-ok.
BOYJlJI tn 1^ m«k» Mrn»»!' is»-»>-niiy u»vrul
HOKSKS. LlVtt STOCK. Ktc — For Snle
40 HORSKS for *_!»: also wagon* bugcles
«7 M b.' l"« rn «"- «' r »nJ Arcad- Hor«« Ma-K«u
M 1 i.tv*v x- t'Qyt.K. 4ucMnn~»rs.
M "/"wH ?. ne _J™ f t •"<* drlUng horsea at l»M
•nd 1«5 Market ft., het. Twelfth and BraJy.
»|po iom> »n» m*tch>rl hUck i>nm>.
FOR sale— Sixty-six head or mules. 4 and i
years old. Address WM. McGANN. Merced.
DOUBLE set of surrey harness; also gentle
norse nnd phneton. 1631 Mission st.
KO i R ??i*i^U?r d =»"t°'''" team: B and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet, dent.. 605 Golden Gate av.
J '.,-I' .CANTY has. removed hi* too hnr»-« to
TO LET. '.~'
_ k __f*Mfi/_Mi S*M Houses lo l«t. »«rnJ lor cjr-
cular. G. H. UMBSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery
HOUSE 5 rooms and bath; rent til. Laurel
ave. near Turk and Buchanan sta. -
PIERCE E. side. bet. California and Sacra-
mento— 2-story bay-window, 6 rocms and bath;
neat house; nice neighborhood. Apply to C.
tiai* * CO.. Real Estate Agents. 630
LA GUN A. 1715-1717— S rooms each and bath.
__________L«unny; convenient: rent reduced.
~v™_ -J?^ 51 WA.VTEU.
UNSURPASSED tenanTwanir partiy~f_rnUhed
house year,or more; pay taxes, water, repairs.
,. KICH & CO., Ill MontKomery st. -
SAX FHAXCI5CO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market snd Third streets, open
until 12 o'rlick every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; npen until P:SO p. m.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
CSS McAllister street; open until S:S0 p. m.
•15 Larkln _tr»<»t: open until S':30 p. m.
1S41 MiMlcn ftreet; open until 10. p. m.
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open un-
til 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh ctreet: open until S p. ra.
1W6 Valencia Ftreet ; open until 9 p. m.
Xorttiwivt corner Twenty-««-cond and Ken-
tucky rtreets; open until 9 p. in.
SIKETINfi XOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M.. •
will n-.wt THIS (TUHSDAT) EVEN- _JfY_
ING, May li, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated jZJR.
meeting and M. M. degree. By order /? *
of the H. P. FRANKLIN li. DAY. Sec
GOLDEN GATE I»d_e No. 39. F. and •
A. M.— M«-e»in_- THIS iTL'ESDAY) _#V_
EVENING, at 7:2* o'clock. D. 3. TSLjt
GEO. J. HOBE. Sec. /V^
PACIFIC Lod*e No. «M. F. and~AT~MT! «""
121 Eddy st . meets THIS EVE-VINO. _#%
7:30 o« iv-k. 3D. V _f
CUiJRGlJ PEXUN'CTOX. Sec /V>
ORIENTAL Lod C (- N<». 144. F. and A. />_
M.-F. C. de.ree THIS (TUESDAY) tf Zf
EVENING, al 7 o'el.xk. '-f\^\
v.'ili>ky Encamn-eBt No. 28. I. O. _v __
O. F.— Golden Kule and Royal Purple *V/**
degrees THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING. XX
CHRIS TOFT, O. P. / \
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meeting
of tlic stockholders of the Jr.dei.endent Elec-
trUk Lljrht ar.d Power Company will be held
at t_e orriee of the company, 3:7 Market *t..
han Frf.nr'too, Cal., on MONDAY, the 2Sth
day ft May. A. li. XVjC; at the hour or 11
<•'.¦•.>.-„ a. m.. ti-r the purpose of electin- a
board of directors to eerve for the ensuing
year and the transaction at «u«-h other fwiKi-
nt->-.s as may come before the meeting: trans- !
r*-r bo<^ks will clcs* un Friday. May 25, I;**!,
at 3 o'clock ?. m.
J. M. TAYLOR, Secretarj'.
ANNUAL meeting-— The reg-ular annual meet-
ir.K of the stockholders cf the Olympic Salt !
Water Company will be held at 32i Market i
St.. San Frar.risc.-.. California, en MONDAY.
the _Hh day of May, l?00. at the hour of J p. :
m.. for the purpose of electing a board of dl-
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
traiisai-ticn of *uch other business as may
come before tr-p meeting. Transfer books will
close on Frirta'-. May IS. lSKKi. at S o'clock .
p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Secretary.
Offl<-e — ZZ', Market Bt.. San Francisco,
California.
ACEVTS WAXTKD.
LADIES and e,rntr. $3 to ti day: sal— ry or'
comm'.ffion. 123C Market St.. room 53.
CANVASSERS to introduce quick-eeHlEtj nov- '
eltv Apply at 1S4 Minna st.
EXPKRIKNVEn building and loan aernts. I
Room 14CS. <~la-j* Ppreckels bulldin-. I
— — ¦ ;
ASTIIOLOGY.
PROF. A. MA6ERY of Esypt, greatest astrol-
opi«t en<? ralniift in the world; satisfaction
truarante*_. :5 Powell st. j
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; i
no fee without success: collections. O. W. i
HOWE, atl'y at law. 8S0 MarkeUcor.Etockton. '¦
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. I
W. DAVIDSON. '.'27 Market Ft., opp. Mascn. j
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. *27 Mar- j
ket Ft.: consultation free; no fees In advance, j
It ATI! C\MM_T — HOT AIR. VAPOR. |
KOIUNHON J.". 4-panel foldimr; door opens; firm i
nnd f«>. \V. P. HHOWN. Ken. art.. 42S Ellis. ¦
B-UUGlAJt HARES.
CAL1FOI_\IA~BELG1AN HARE ASSOCIA-
TION.
Capital Stock US. 000.
IMPORTERS. BREEDERS AND JOBBERS.
Special Discounts to Dealers.
Call and examine the largest and best assort-
ment of Hares on the Pacific Coast.
We guarantee cur animal* and pedlgTees.
SO animals Just received from England that
will astonish you. .
GEO. A. YOUNG. Manafrer.
Webster-st. Station.
Narrow '-tauce Railroad, Alameda.
Telephone Grand 1S51.
OPEN~FUNDAYR AND EVENINGS.
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO.
60S. 611 Golden Gate ave.
FAPHODA KING, Imported.
Hiirh-claFs 1 buck* and pedigreed does.
A full line of rabbltry supplies.
Nurse does rented. J2.
IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Propr.
THOROUGHBRED Belirian does, bred to Royal
Fovcreijrn. 110 to $20; to Emperor of Norfolk.
til' to 120: to AJaz (blchest-scorin.- buck In
America). $30 to ii>0; youngsters, all strains. C
weeks f- .*¦'¦; 10 weeks. 13 50: 3 months. tS and
IT 50. Kenwood Rabbitry. £30 14th St.. Oakland.
CLAREMONT Belgian Hare Association— Does j
bred to Fashoda Prince and Royal Rochdale. ;
$10 to $:»; best strain youncFters, J2 to 115. j
4916 Telegraph ave., Oakland.
ANACONDA RADBITRY— Thorou&hbrej Rel« \
pian hares for sale; some of the most popular j
ttrairiF: mail orders given prompt attention; j
T*d. _iiar_r.teed. 1613 Howard «t.. near l*th. :
PEDIGREED stock — All popular strains: Lord i
Fashoda Chief (Imp.) and other pi and sires at I
rtud. Eureka Rzbbitry. 1616A Turk; vis. wel. j
TRFMOXT BELGIAN HARE CO.. 2134 Fill- .'
rr.ore et.. Fan Francisco. Cal. Send 6 cents
in vtamxts for book on care and feeding.
j
Hit VCLIIS— For Sale or -ichancr. I
I
NEW Cleveland bicycles: better than ever; $40. '
LEAVITT _ BILL. S09 Larkln et.
GREAT barcains in second-hand bicycles: from j
$i up: e^nd for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 303
I_irkin n.. Fan Francisco.
DOOIvS SX-W AND OLD. I
t-i"H •>->!., K'WKS ' bourht and exchanired. '
Tl-1f»« »»o-ic rv.. T"« Ml««<~- «t n»»r Third.
DOOT AND SIIUH BARGAINS.
BARGAINS, ladles' and children's shoes: drum-
mers' samples mf_. cost. Kohlbecber. 14S 4th.
BIT-IKES- CHAXC-SS.
A— JlCOO; COFFEE saloon: established many
yean; and doing a first -class paying: business;
rent $1<M>; choicest location; only two blocks •
north of Chronicle Mile. Particulars R. G. '
WILKE. S06 Market st. j
A— K-'O; CORNER branch bakery and rrocery. ;
with 4 living rof.mf, on Geary St.; low rent j
unO eoud ;¦_> l:.p business; a rare cha nee. i
Call li. G. V. II.KE. :«*> Market et. I
A— *4^P; SALOON, with living rooms; estab. I
ciiiny years and (rood paying place; on Sixth |
«. : low rent. Call R. O. WILKE, »06 Market. |
Jl—IZU>; DELICACY and candy store; choicest
location on Mission «_ ; rent $23; living rooms; j
-aily receipts $20: place must be sold at once; i
owner to leave the c'.ty. Call R. G. WILKE.
S06 Market st.
A— $500; CHOJ'HOUSE and restaurant: estab-
lished 10 years; rent t_>; opp. R. R. depot; a I
eplendld chance and a good paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, £06 Market st. j
A— S&0; CORNER saloon. 1 blook from Market •
and Stockton ft*: net rent $63: a good paying
end old-wtablis-hed business. Particulars R. i
G. WILKE. S06 Market st. j
A— $40tX>: BEST located saloon on Market *L ; i
with 7 i!u!> and ladies' rooms and fine i
Kroundu; place is known over the U. S. and '
Europe and dr.lrm a large, profitable business. |
Particulars R. _. WILKE. 906 Market st. j
A— PARTNERwanted in the best-paying corner
saloon. connected u-Hh club and :_d1es' moms; !
choicest location en Market Bt.; close to Phe- I
Ian building; 2 years' lease, with S yar»" op- |
tion; rent ?198; a rare chance for the right I
party. See K. G. WILKE. 90« Market St.
A-JOOuO; CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
no night or Sunday work; 6 years" lease:
place kept ty owner 11 years and clears above
$J(X» p<-r month: a splendid offer. C—1I R G.
WILKE. SOC Market *t.
A. BTENBERG CO
PHONE FOLSOM 1343
J2;<y~Uranch bakery with sur.ny rms.: Mission
$C.V._ Clear stand en Market st. ; receipts $15
ft.V) — Cor. grorery an-1 bar: owner there 7 yrs
...A. STENUERO CO.. SS3 Market st.
A-$<W; LAUNDRY route clearing J60 a month!
good horse and wa^on; full Investigation and \
trial solicited before buying: splendid eppcr-
tURltj__STENI{ERG CO.. SO Market «_
A^JST.0; RESTAURANT north of Market: many
yeans eFtablifhe_ and doing a first-class busi-
ness; will bear lnve«t!_a!i<>n: nwncr compelled
to «e!I. ylckncfS. HTENIiERG CO.. SK Market.
__CW; CIGAR, store corner: fine location- bar-
gain. COWING & CO.. ~1» Market gt.
LIVERY snd boarding stable: clearing jIEo
month; sickness. COWING & CO.. T19 Market.
CANDY and icecream parlor: Market St.; slck-
m:ss. COWING & CO.. *» Market st.
A CORNER downtown saloon: best south of
Mn rket; map. COWING & CO., -» Market.
IJJIANCH bakery and candy "tore; living rmi.;
cheap rent. CQU'INO & CO.. 719 Market st.
a —GROCERY and dellcaor store; full stock;
big bargain. COWING & CO.. 718 Market »„
HORSESHOEING business; steady trade;
oh_n"e for right party; retiring from business. ;
G.. 1841 MU-lon rt. •
RESTAURANT for sale; golcs Ea-t. - Inquire j
Hi Lest et. i_rHi_
I1USINESS CHANCES — COXTIXUED.
i bargain this "day. Mc£
LA UGH LIN & CO., 777H Market st.
JIDO— PARTNER, wanted In manufacturing bus-
iness. Mclaughlin & co., 777*4 Market st.
$200— PARTNER wanted In manufacturing busl-
ness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7774 Market st.
125<i— WOOD. coal, hay and grain, business;
ether tiusinrts cause of male. McLAUGU-
L1N _ CO., 777% Market St.
$1100— GROCERY store near the city; bargatn;
other business cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN
& CO . 777V» Market st.
$125 — CORNER saloon: bargain: departure cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
! OH. WHAT AN OPPORTUNITY!
Corner grocery, bar. bakery and 5 living rms..
well-furnished; also adjoining neatly fur-
nished 8-room house; all rented to respectable
and permanent occupants; Ruod location: do-
ing a ruihlng business; everything almost
new; a great snap; sickness compels owner to
leave the city; will sell cheap for ready
money. M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
OYSTER and chop house. Including everything
pertaining to the business; well patronized by
a good class of people; will be sold at half its
value. M. A. BROOKS, 12 Golden Gate ave.^
BLACKSMITH shop for sale across the bay,
near San Frane-lEeo. doing a fine business;
mupt b« sold Immediately. Apply to SLIN-
KEY & PAGE, £73 Market St.. near Plfth :
A— (3*.O — PARTNER wanted; muM be steady,
reliable man. satisfied with $18 to $20 a week;
no night or Sunday work: trial given before
buying. Apply * Geary st.. room 2.
A_jSno— PARTNER wanted In good paying
business: 118 to $25 a week: no experience re-
quired; trial given. 1009 Koarny st.; hours
I to 5 p. m.
FOR SALE; — As I leave shortly for the mines, I
wish to dispose of my wpll-cstabliBhed.paylng
! ment of its kind ever offered In this city; cap-
I !tal required, JJO^ to 54000; fullest Investlga-
I tlon solicited. Mint Loan Office. 14 Fifth et.
: A— $3000; CAFE and restaurant on Market St..
doing a large and profitable business; no bet-
ter location; only first-class trade; & years"
lease; a rare chance. Address box 454S. Call.
j AT a sacrifice, on account of departure for Eu-
rope. lar_e»t and best paying candy route In
! city. Fvll i>articulars at ROTHSCHILD &
EHRENPFORTS, 118 Front st.
, PARTNER. $1100. for half Interest in profitable
j business; must possess business ability; actual
j experience not necessary. Box 2345, Call.
\ $S00— GROCERY and bar. suitable for man and
' wife; good location; reason for selling, party
going East. Apply 1034 Howard st.
FURNISHED restaurant to rent. Inquire 123
Eddy st.
A— 53C<>0; CAFE and restaurant on Market st.,
doing a large and profitable business: no bet-
ter location; only first-clsss trade: 6 yearn'
'lease: a rare chance. Address box 454«. Call.
j $1400— GROCERY and bar; lease 8 years and 7
I months; rent $40; good paring place; corner
I Geary and Leavenworth sts.
j GROCERY and saloon; good location: good
i *tock and fixtures; at a bargain. 219 Natoma.
! FOR SALE— Saloon; old-established place; rent
j $30. SCULLY & SON. 420 Sacramento st.
I WELL paying branch bakery, living rooms, for
; sale cheap account of leaving city. Call 3012
I Sixteenth st.
BLACKSMITH and horseshoeing shop; estab-
lished 15 years; central location. Address
box 2129. Call.
! FOR sale — The Central Hotel in Na__, con-
' tainin. thirty rooms: central location; price j
j reasonable. Address R. CUFF. Napa. Cal. j
! WELL established weekly in prosperous town, J
j only $900; good reasons for selling; excellent I
I opening. S., box HOT. Call. j
j RESTAURANT for sale. 136 Second st.
! BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies: fine flx-
I tures; paying business. 115 Sixth st.
I FX)R sale — Barber shop, 2 chairs; cheap for
cash. Box 2U3. Call.
PLUMBING shep, stock and shop tools; tn
good location. Box 45S2. Call.
| PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and
i copper chop; also steel range; doing good
bufiness: established 14 years. 411>i Califor-
nia St.. EUGENE ROBINET.
DRUG store for gale or exchange for San Fran- |
Cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug store tn a good mining town; cash trade.
I Call at 720 O'Farrell St.. city.
GOOD bakery for sale in country town. Box
2772. Call office. Oakland.
A RESTAURANT: bargain; good business. 239
Eighth St.; call between $ and 11 a. m.
$700— HOME bakery and restaurant; particular-
ly suited for Inker with family; all store
trade; fine location. KREDO & CO.. 36 Geary.
$550— STORAGE and draying business; large
barn; 3 fine horses and harness; everything
j complete: business on paying basis. KREDO
& CO.. 36 Geary st.
LODGI.VG-IIOLSKS FOR SALE.
16-ROOM HOUSE
BEST TRANSIENT TRADE
! 2 ENTRANCES
BEST CORNER IN THE CITY
i FORTUNES HAVE BEEN MADE
IN THIS HOUSE
' OWNER GOING TO NOME
' PRICE $10W. FOR SALE ONLY
! By H. C. DECKER
: 1020 MARKET ST.. OPP. FIFTH
1 S4-ROOM GRAND CORNER HOUSE
} .PERMAN'T AND TRANSIENT ROOMERS.
Owner will sell on easy payments
j at a grand bargain. DECKER 1020 Market.
10 ROOMS; on Jones: clears $S5 '....$400!
10 rooms: fine corner; on Mission 450 1
10-room house; new furniture 200
I 12-room house; on Post st 400 |
i 100 rooms; rent $10: clears $200 1500 ¦
I IS rocms; on Third st 250 I
j 20- room corner; 2 entrances; half cash 2000,
I 8-room fiat; new; elegant 600 !
i 18 rooms; on one floor: near Call office 550 !
¦ S7 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash... 4(W I
l 10 rooms; on Mason St.; payments 450 1
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE. •
TELEPHONE JOHN EL
H. C. DECK«ER, 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
1 Any street, Jones, Ellis, Mason, Turk. Sutter.
Van Ness Taylor. Howard, etc., 10 rooms, $225
up; 12 to 14 rocms. $300 to $P00: Income $84 to
1130; $550. 17 r.. clears $54; $1500. 24 r., clears
{SO; 36 r.. $950, $1300. $1SOO. all coining money:
40. 43. 44, 46, 48, 50, 53, 56, 60 and 65 r. ; ask J
for them. _j
A— $500 ....$50i)
lf>5 ROOMS
MUST SELL TO-DAY.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
A— ROOMING-HOUSE north Market; 36 rooms;
cause, death. COWING & CO.. 719 Market.
i $1200 — 3S ROOMS, all rented; cood location, near
I Market: cent.; rent $75 month. Raslle. 3 Eddy.
CAUniAGES AND WAGONS.
I CAMP wagon— finest on the coast: cost $600; sell
I for $300. 3279 Mission St.. near Twenty-ninth.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
I etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
I NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
| ners. work & driving tiorm»n. lath & Valencia.
SPIRITUALISM.
GO to WATFON. the luckiest and truest occult
{ medium and palmist; 25c. 15S1 Market, nr. 12th. j
i ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2. 8 !
1 p. m. 14 McAllister St.. r. 35; admission 10c. 1
¦ MMB. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to- |
i nlcht. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics. j
j MRS. VIGARS. test meeting to-nlKhtT 14S j
I Sixth st., room 7; vlttings daily.
! MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; 9A Sixth St.;
' few days only; cut this out. r- j
i MRS. WEST, trance, test medium and mag- j
• netic treatments. 1206 Market st., rooms 15-16.
! MRS.J.J.WHITNEY.clalnoyant. test, business 1
i medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market, j
i MEDA IIOSKIN'S. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
j ket. bet. 10th and 11th: clr. Mo-.. 8 p. m. !
CLAIRVOYANTS. j
MRS. im'. CLARK. i
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM. I
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK. }
Msy be conmlted on all affairs of life; while i
entranced the reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you how to overcome your ene- |
mies. remove family troubles, restore lost af-
fections, unite the separated, recover lost or
stolen property: locates minerals; tells your
entire life while In a perfect trance; satisfac-
tion ruaranteed by mall.
, Send stamp for circular, with special terms. I
MRP. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk ft., near Jones; i
hours. JO a. m. to 8 p. m. daily. ¦ j
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells p»st, I
future; never falls; has the greatest Egptlan !
KerK; shows picture future husband or wife;
r«M 25e and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays. 1167 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th. „
MME. ZEREDA of S Seventh St., original gypsy
life reader: readings 25c; no sign.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, best advice. 823
Mission, nr. Fourth, room 3; 25c up; ring bell.
LIKE readings with cards. 25c and 50c: palm-
istry II. 1IS2 Market, r. 27. opp. O. F.'s bldg.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
rcader;German spoken. 921'_ Mission. op.MlnL
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; "¦"<": truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader; slt-
tlngs dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names Riven; 25c up. 6 Fourth si. '
MME. SYRILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture; 25c; ladles. ¦ 911 O*JE_urell at.HOTEL ABBIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
H Aueer & w. Paris Col W J Cotton, Cal
H B Miller, China A M Bergewin h w,
Laura Miller, China Chicago
E F Rockfellow, Seat O Scotten & w, Mich
L Kahn, Oakdale |W Scotten. Mich
A Kondo, Toklo Priscilla Scotten Mich
A S Mlhara. Toklo F C Slested. Kan City
T Mosaki, Toklo - M Sholl & w. Ogden
T Kowada, Toklo R Hayden, Wash
Capt A E Graves, LonE E Hayden, Wash
J D O'Kane. M Park !E L Davla & w. Cal
J K Carr*nter. Oaklnd.Mrs W J Morrison. Cal
D Van Voorhles, PI K C Voorhies & w.
A B Hashicher. Stfd Sutter Creek
W S Russell, Chicago R A Parker, Boston
E H Turise. Mont |O A Ballard, N T
C R Hudson. Mexico I Mrs J J Nltsell. N T
N Stetson & w, N Y !R J Xitsell. X T
Miss Stetson. NT A -B %V"ood. Detroit
Mrs J Austrian. Chic JW J Strawbridge, Phil
W J Austrian, Chicago t
GRAND HOTEL.
G H Johnson. Cal J C Greves. X T
J E Talbot, Stockton W Harcombe. Ojrden
W M Dolan. Pacramnto J S Toks. USX
D O Castle & w, Cal C H Young. Denver
N D Allen, Kansas Cty Mr* J J Thomr>»"n. Cal
.W F Parker & w, L AjMrs F B Day. Salinas
W X Rohrer, Fresno r> F Maher. Watsonvlle
C W Graneer. Mo " JW S Cram, Portland
B Pringle. Arizona. T J Duncan & w. B C
J R Day, Phoenix W Sarles, Cal
Dr Welden. San Pedro! R Williams. Xogales
E M Burke, Santa Bar C Goxley. Chicago
G M Pock. Stockton I G Trusthick & w.XZ
C Milne & w, B C C R Gilbert, Washngtn
F M Krauiw, St Louis Mrs C Forrester. Los A
Mrs M R Stevens. Alas R B Raaf. Cal
G Slemann. Ixw An? |J K Miller, Montana
Mre A M Harris; Cal B F Stern, Eureka
H Isaacs. Los Angeles (Mrs N T Biddle. S Jose
W G Hudson. WatsonvjJ Blankenshlp. Arizona
B F Shepard Jr. Fresno] J L Mery. Berkeley
C O Farsro. Chicago iJ H I^aruc. Knnsvs Cty
J O WllUamii & w. Ill IJ II Roberts. Sacto
Torpedo Fleet at Maynce.
: BERLJN, ; May 14.— The torpedo , flotilla
arrived : at May nee at noon to-day. .The
grand : Duke of Hesse went on board the
flag vessel* of the flotilla commander and
the ; guns of . the fort . saluted. '¦ Immense
throngs lined "the : shores. Two steamers,
containing .the military and civil; authori
ties, greeted; the arrivals. .; To-day, the of
ficers and crews have been feted and simi
lar " compliments will ;be" paid .them^to
morrow. ?3dB«jBa9|«Hg»8ib8§^MKS?r.-
Citizens of Turtle Creek Incensed at
Board of Health.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 14.— Excitement
still prevails among the residents of. Tur
tle Creek, Pa., over the action , of the
Board of Health in converting the school
bouse Into a smallpox hospital, but there
has been: no further rioting. Forty-six
citizens went Into court to-day and asked
for 1 an- Injunction to restrain the health
authorities from using the school build
ing as a pesthouse, and arguments will
be heard later. It is said information will
be filed ¦ as?ainst a number of prominent
citizens who. it is alleged, were ringlead
ers In tho riot last night.
SMALLPOX EIOTS.
Stockholder of the American Refining
1 Company Wants to See the Books.
TRENTON, May 14.— The papers In the
suit of: Rob«rt J. Trimble against the
American Sugar Refining Company were
filed in the Court of Chancery to-day.
Trimble, who is a stockholder, charges
that the company has more than a mil
lion dollars of surplus, and that this sur
plus is now being used to depress - the
price of sugar . and to force Arbuckle
Bros., Independent refiners, into a combi
nation with the American Sugar Refining
Company to illegally restrain trade.
The bill prays for an injunction and
asks that the American Sugar Refining
Company be compelled to exhibit Its books
and to snow what surplus it has and what
is» being done with it.
-- A subpena will be issued, and the
American Sugar Refining Company has
thirty days In which to file Its answer.
SITES SUGAR COMPANY.
Officers Act in Self -Defense, as They
Had Been Fired Upon by
a Mob. ; :^
BOMBAY, May 14.— While the police
were searching at Vizagapatam. capital
of the district of the same name in the
presidency of Madras, ror the murderers
of two constables, they were attacked by
a mob. They fired upon their assailants,
killing eleven, and wounding sixteen
others. •*
ELEVEN MEN KILLED
BY BOMBAY POLICE
Pensions Granted, Postmasters Ap
pointed and Hawaii to Be Made
. a Customs District.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. May 14.— The following
pensions have been granted Califomians:
Original— John Gordon Davis., Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $6; Walter "Mundel,
Los Angeles, $6. Increase — James Gllmar
tin. Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $10; Ja
cob W. Richards, Tulare, $3; Warren G.
Hibbard, Pasadena, 510; William L. Back
enstos, Los Angeles, $24. Reissue — William
Percy, San Francisco, $6.
"Washington— Original— John H. Mitchell,
Ballard, $6; Henry Whelpley. Olympia, $8.
Increase— Davisson Filson, Orelllia, JS; Al
len Day, Issaquah, $8.
Oregon— Original— James L. Ferrey,
Marshfield, $8. Increase — James M. Gee,
McMinnville, $8.
Postmasters commissioned— Gllroy Hot
Springs, Robert Robertson; Tracy, Samuel
J. Zerbe.
Washington— Fort Canby, Louis E. Hen
dericks.'-. - . ' ,
Rural free delivery will be established
at Morgan Hill, Santa Clara County, on
June 4.
Representative Allen of Mississippi
called on the President to-day to recom
mend A. S. Humphreys, formerly of Mis
sissippi, now of Hawaii, for one of. the
Judgeships of that Territory.
The general deficiency appropriation bill,
considered in the House to-day, carries
$8500 for the rent of temporary quarters
for the Los Angeles postofnee and $20,000
to enforce the provisions, of the Chinese
exclusion act during the present fiscal
year.
Representative de Vries appeared be
fore the Senate committee to-day to urge
the incorporation in the sundry civil ap
propriation bill of a provision enabling the
California Debris Commission to begin
work already provided by law with the
money now on hand.
Edward C. Barham and his wife, Luda
Fulkerson Barham, of California were to
day admitted to practice before: the United
States Supreme Court. This is the first
Instance in the history of the country of a
husband and wife being simultaneously
admitted to practice before this court.
Mrs. Barham is the twenty-second woman
to be admitted. Mr. Barham is a son of
Representative Barham.
The Senate to-day passed a bill appro
priating $12,500 for a lighthouse and fog
signal at Slip Point, Washington; also a
bill establishing a customs district of
Hawaii, with the Collector's salary $400)
and such deputy officers as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall select.
OF INTEREST TO THE
PEOPLE OF PACIFIC COAST
WALLACE. Idaho, May 14.— W. H.
Sturdridge and Paul Peshkur, miners,
were killed in the Frisco mine to-day by
the premature explosion of a blast. They
were working together.
Killed in a Mine.
BERLIN, May 14.— An experiment vol
unteer corps belonging to the National
German Bicyclists carried dispatches
from Strasburg to Berlin. The distance,
which is 7S0 kilometers, was covered in 23
hours.
Cyclists Carry Dispatches.
NEW WHATCOM. Wash.. May 14.-The
effort of the Northern Pacific to buy the
Belllngham Bay and British Columbia
Railroad, owned by Alvinza Hayward. D.
O. Mills and P. B. Cornwall, running from
here, in connection ".with the Canadian
Pacific and Northern at the international
boundary line, thus shutting the Cana
dian Pacific out of the United States west
of the Rockies, has failed. The Canadian
Pacific has won the fight, making a close
traffic arrangement with the local road.
Canadian Pacific Wins.
.
Special Dispatch to The Call
EMPORIA, Kans., May 14.— Sheriff
O'Connor and a posse of farmers to-day
captured E. F. Stell and James Murphy,
the Jail escapes from Marysvllle, who
shot and killed Deputy Marshal Roberts
at Dunlap on Sunday. The escapes were
found asleep in the woods. Murphy sur
rendered at once, but Stell started to run
and was shot In the leg. A crowd of sev
eral hundred men surrounded the jail
when the prisoners were brought here,
but they are under a strong guard and no
trouble is looked for.
Roberts Again in Custody.
Men Who Killed Deputy Marshal
BAJTK ROBBERS CAUGHT.
•'As to giving General Miles rank as a
lieutenant general, he said that a major
general commanded a division, and he did
not know of another country in the world
with a large army that gave the com
manding officer of the whole army a rank
below lieutenant general, or that did not
recognize that he should outrank a divi
sion commanaer. As to the adjutant gen
eral, he said that all European armies
recognized the importance of the position
as the center of military administration
and gave rank accordingly. He thought
the provision for this increased rank
should be general and not apply only to
General Corbin. though the latter's ser
vices the past two years merited especial
recognition.
WASHINGTON*. May 14. — Secretary
Root to-day explained to the House Mili
tary Committee the advantages that
would accrue from the passage of the
army reorganization bill. He dealt espe
cially on the proposed increase of the ar
tillery arm, and the increased rank given
Generals Miles and Corbin. He said that
the effect of the bill was to increase the
army 5000 or 6000. entirely in the artillery,
this Increase extending over a period of
years. While differing from the provision
originally recommended, Secretary Root
approved the Senate amendment, as It
would permit the War Department to go
to worn and put the artillery in shape.
The situation now, In caring for seacoast
fortifications, was just as foolish and im
practicable, the Secretary said, as that
would be of a man who built a fine house,
equipped in the most perfect manner, and
then went away and left it to take care
of itself. There are millions and millions
invested In fortifications, he said, with no
one to take care of them, involving de
preciation from lack of attention.
Declares That an Increase in the Ar
tillery Force Is Absolutely Nec
. essary in Order to Man
Coast Defenses.
Secretary -of War Root Ap
pears Before Committee
of the House.
EXPLAINS THE
MERITS OF THE
NEW ARMY BILL
The principal business to-morrow will
be the election of officers for the ensuing
year. Oscar Hocks will undoubtedly be
elected president. He is now vice presi
dent. C. Hahn, J. Moller and VT. Rust
are all in the race for grand vice presi
dent. Otto Guy (incumbent) and T. Till
man, both popular men, are in the field
for grand secretary, with chances appar
ently in favor of Guy. For grand treas
urer but one candidate has so far devel
oped, in the person of W. Guenther.
The big picnic at Grace Brothers' Park
yesterday opened the festivities given in
honor of the delegates. A banquet was
held to-night at Germania Hall, and a
grand ball is to take place to-morrow
night.
The report of the grand secretary
showed twenty lodges in different parts of
the State, all in good condition. Over 2400
members are enrolled and SS5.000 worth of
property is on hand. Also there are three
sister lodges, with a membership of 350
and a capital of 13300. During the past
year more than 515.000 was paid out In
sick benefits and $7575 was paid out on
account of deaths.
Grand President Charles Trautner, San
Francisco; Grand Vice President Oscar
Hocks, San Francisco; Grand Secretary
Otto Guy, San Francisco; Grand Treas
urer G. Guenther, San Francisco; Grand
Trustees TVUam Kron, Oakland, and H.
Haar and J. Jahn, San Francisco; Grand
Guide F. Martin. Napa; Grand , Inside
Guard H. Wil, Los Angeles, and Grand
Outside Guard "W. .Webster, Fresno.
SAXTA ROSA, May 14,-The twenty
second annual session of the Grand Lodge
of Hermann's Sons was called to order
to-day in Hahman Hall. Grand President
C. Trautner occupied the chair and dele
gates were present from all parts of the
State. The principal part of the day was
taken up with hearing the reports of the
grand officers, as follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Indications Are That Oscar Hocks
Will Be Chosen as Grand
President of the
Organization Shown to Be
in a Prosperous
Condition.
SESSION OF
GRAND LODGE OF
HERMANN SONS
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALIi, TUESDAY, MAY 15, 1900.
13
IF you havs property north of the Park, or
Horner'« Addition and the Mission. thAt you
want to. dUpooe of. then call on W. J.
GLNN. EI0 California st.
VAN NESS ave., 844 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board; furnished and unfurnished; J20.
9XAI> for people moderate means; house of 2
flats, i rooms and bath each; Jones St.; rent
JMmcnth; no agents; JMOO. Inquire 30SA 10th.
VAN NESS. 803— Several large, eunny rooms,
with board, terms reasonable; also front and
back parlor, suitable for doctor; comfortable
home.
LAS PALMAS, 1820 Market st.-Sulte of 2 or 3
• nns.; private; bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
IIAIGHT, 252— Sunny rooms, with board for 3,
|40 per month; also parlor suite for 2, !60.
EDDT. 72-1 — Sunny front room suitable for
2; with or without board; private family.
JiraO TO 12000— »io to J15 monthly; 4 to 6 rocm
cottages; bay-windows; latest improvements;
with one or two lots each; street work done:
near Folsom-st. cars; we do our own build-
Ing by day's work and sell 7Z. per cent less
than others: have made 50 families happy th«
past y*ar by being their own landlord. Ap-
ply DOLAN BROTHERS, 1223 Cortland ave.
EnLGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay-Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; JI3 up. •
**EAL ESTATE— CITY foil SALE.
LA DIES-Ch! Chester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
•end 4e stamps fcr particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," tn letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for J4; collections made;
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Montgomery et.. rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
ROOMS papered -from J3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 31S Third.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movin? Com-
pany. 2S20 Flllmore Ft.: phone Jackson Ml.
FOR rent— Fine dairy; 100 to 125 cows; in Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a money maker. For further particu-
lars anply to FRANK HICKMAN. 412 J St..
6acramento.
to lka»£:.«
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
mVlllliM. .NUTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 9 (twenty-
nve c?nts per share) of the KUauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St., on and
efter Tuesday, May 15. 1900. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 10, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m.
AV. D. K. GIBSON, Secretary pro tern.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 79 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St., on and
after Monday, May 21. 1&00. Transfer books
will close on Tuesday, May 15, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tern.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
OP^RrtELL, T4t— * nicely farnUhed house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor, $13, $20.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EHBALMER3.
• Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAI.MKR3,
20 Flltb *t., opposite- Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
VAN NESS are.. 401B— One or two n!c<!ly fur-
nished rooms; sunny upper flat; modern and
centrally located.
THIRD. £14tt— W; 2 Urge unfurnished rooms;
rear of barber shop; side entrance.
TAYLOR, 81S— 2 elerant rooms, double parlor*;
pas; bath; suitable 2 gentlemen; private house.
THE OAKS, 11J Third— A good rooming house
for cood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
SUTTER. 111L nr. Larkin— Comfortably furn.,
single, eu.tes; also h>kpg. ; term rea»ona.ble.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SECOND. 130— Nicely furnished or unfurnished
roonm, double or single, with or without
board, J17 and »18. with washing. ¦
CREMATION.
Odd fellows' Cemetery Association,
SAN FRANCISCO. CALIFORNIA.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Superintendent.
If deceased was a' member of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charge for cremation, a copper re-
ceptacle for tbe ashes and, organ service is J30.
Tbe same for members of the family. .
ROYAL HOUEE. 126 Ellis St.— Incandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and la-dies'
parlor; rooms, per night. 2jc to Jl 50; week. Ji
to J8; month. JS to JW; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALE House. 81» & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 8Sc to tl; week, tl 25 to 14; open night.
POWELL.. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
MOXCV TO LOA\.
ON fumiture, pl&noc. without removal; no
cararaisfclon; private. LICK, 118 McAllister.
IF jMur property Is moruraijert and you need
mere money gee II. MUhPHY. 630 Market «l
TO mlarted men witneut collateral or Indorser.
g. F. r>-«~ur.t Agency. 143 Phe'.an building.
MOXLY WANTED.
JTMC— "WANTED for t»-o years at 8 per cent in-
terest; a cottage and five lets offered as se-
curity. Address Owner, box ITT3. Call, Oak-
laitd.
MUSICAL tNSTUUMCVTS.
>6 we represent the best icake of pianos la
*v+ry tr»<ie. from Steinway down to low-
priced maWes. aad as cur installment pay-
tEerts are easier t!*an these of ether dealers,
we are the people frcm wbcra you fhould
purchase; new upright piano*. JS cash, ft p«r
month: other planes JS. M and 15 per month.
f HERMAN. CLAT & CO.. Stelcway Dealers.
ccr. Kearny and Sutter sts.. Saa F"ranclsco;
cor. Th.rteecth aad Brcadmay, Oakland.
A CARI/IAD cf beautiful new style Deckers
juft tcuelra&J parties who have been waiting i
for Hies* will do well to call at ence. MAU-
VAZS. 7C3 Market et.
, . , . ' j
A FINK Packard ptano was sold recently to tV
llk-rk '.ey Kail Arscc'.atlcn. I. O. O. F. by
tbe XAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market et. .
XT 1= not wise to throw away money on a sec- '
or. i-fcfir.d Instrument, whon you can «ret a i
r. r.t-w cue so cheap at MAUVAIS', 7C9 Mar-
krt«L __1____
J-. ' ON A FIDE ptano sale (fcr etci-age)— UprtKtit
ESQ. T!io». Bail piano f'O. A. B. Chase, Slein-
¦ray and otbers; also I carloads fine. Sew
ptataik] just frcm N. Y. factory ln-
ttnde-i for party liere but now stored with us,
to I* fold at factcry rrices to save storage:
cash cr ic^t ailment*; dealers' profits <arett'
come. fcf. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
JL. NTMr.EH of exceotional bareaJns; 'Weber,
Vose. Chlckeriac, Sterling. Fischer; 173 up;
«*£}• pays-ents.
EENJ. CURTA2 & SON. I€ OTarrell et.
AnSOLVTHLT tae oldert and l&rcest boas*
wett rf Chicaso Is KOHLER & CHAPETS.
M. :? «r.d 20 OFarre'.l et.: planes, onrans and
*.". ether musical Instruments of all grades
en3 prtcct: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible dsne to pleas* and satisfy th*
rT.-storr.er.
A IIANIiSOME upright, three-pedal, newest de-
f'.sti. used about six months, will be sold for
half price immedlate'y "for cash cr large pay-
rr.ent. P.oom 10. Flood bldg.
A BARGAIN; fine upright ; mutt sell: leaving.
Call to-dey. ESg 'Webgter et.. r.ear McAllister.
•HHCOND ucrlrht for sale very cheap. Piar.o
factcry. err. Market, llth and Church; S:15.
A STEINWAY. J1K; installments J3. $.\ JT. J10;
rents «2 up. HEINE'S. IZt Ellis st.
3 ITS— ELEGANT upright for sale or rent for J2.
242 Kearcy »t.
BOHMER Sc CO.. Byrca Mauzy piaaoe. 2CS to
t!2 Pofft fct.
A FEW <5ayf oc!y— New planes, 12 50 per mo.
gCOTT-Ct KTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes St.
GOOD Fischer; rr-at barga!.-.. FCHMITZ^ U
VcA:i:5ter tt.. Bcxt H'.bernla Bank.
JT1NK Fischer and Stelnway upr:sfct: sacrtflced.
KEEFTE'8, !C1» Van Nesi ave.. nr. Geary st.
"W G BADGER. «2 f«cran.ento Et.. apent fcr
Francis Bacon erA Hallctt & Davis planes.
tTPEKK'I'. vlcllr.?. rithsrs. c!d and new. H.
VTTIJ.FTR. maher. repairer. 2 Latham place.
urticEs am: stowbs — ra let.
LARGE nore. corner Seventh and Natotna:
uy-i at yrs. a» rrooery and ralocn: reasonable.
OIL.
IF yam are bcylsc oil *tock you better read our
f . ->r. "'Hew to Judge an Oil Company*!:
mailed fre^ on application. The International
Inwctraeota Co.. Her.ne bids.. Los Angeles.
PALMISTRY.
iitAK Neer^aard. Pres. St. Grrmaln College of
Paimistir: reails I to f. tit Geary, nr. Jones.
TEUJsONALS.
OriL'il. whisky and ether drutr habits cured
In 30 days; t-anaxorium treatment; book and
particulars fiee. B. II. WOOL-LEY. M. U..
Atlanta, Ga.
S3 LADIES' French kid she* for J2 a pair at
the Iiee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market, near 3d.
$3M MEN'S vlci kid shoe fcr $2 M a pair at
the iiee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market, near 3d.
13 PL WENCEPLON"S Tooth Powder preserves
and ¦-. ¦-..::¦- the te«-th ; hlehly i>»>rfumed;
send ttamp for free sample. 1236 Market, r 53.
KESPECTAHLE, responsibie. reliable money
I UntJing house; lowest rates; established 1SS1;
our cwB fireriroaf bul!dins:: private enuance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, li Uract
•it. _ .
LEDEREU'S Quir.tcnlca Hair Tor.'.c. 25c bottle,
ani his Pbum thampoo, 5c package, are the
aWrt stllcrs fine. VZ3 Stockton «t.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; ten
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 357 Jessie at.
LKI'I-RER, the popular hairdresser, doesn't
rr.i-iie it a ooint to charre extra for fancy or
elaborate hairdressins; that which Euits your
»ty> only 2Sc 121 Stockton «C
JilSS SHELDON, chiropodist ar.d business ad-
vj<~e. S50 Market St., second floor, room 27.
rVLL-ljRESS and other euits bought; also old
trcid. Portland Lean Office. 2Z Stockton st.
LEDERER. the popular hairdresser; price only
tU:; r.o extra charge for fancy halrdresstna" ;
has but one price for plain or the sioct elab-
orate co.Sures. 122 Stockton Bt.
> . ¦ ¦ .-I-* • • suit fcr $10 75 ?roTn in^porttj or do-
: .e«t:_ remcants L. IXMOS. 1117 llarket St..
between Seventh and Eighth.
LEDEIiER uses Quicionica Kair Tonic to make
the hair glossy. Zoc bottle, and Foamo Sham-
poo to cleanse the scalp. 5c pkg. 122 Stockton.
ELECTRIC UKfets in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 100 rooms:
Be to Jl M per clrht; Jl SO to St per week;
!ree 'b'js and baepace to and from tht tarry.
EETECTIVE- Hcnorable; confidential: secrets
inviolate. Address box 490. Call ofHce.
INDIES* and ptcir' rsft-eff clothinit bought aad
? cH. E'.'.vf-rran. f%4 Folsom: tel. Folsom HJL
•5 PHOTOS fcr K per dcxen at FOWZER'S. !
i:*h Market rt.. r.ear Taylor.
HAIR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cctt'e Ctirllrss Fluid; Z>c bottle; druggists.
CAPT-OFK clothing, old gold and slitrer bought:
tend poaui. COLEMAN'S. U>6 Kearny St.
tTAMMERING onrrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. ISIS Linden »t.. Oakland.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ir.jr call m B. Cohen, ir.7 Third; tel. Black 4123.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
V- :: loan kodaks free; photo supplies; Backus
tsglo H Geary St.. ground Coor.
PIIVSICIAXS AXD SCIIGEO.VS.
DR. C. C. ODONJCEXir- OSce and residence,
1(214 Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
CHROXIC diseases treated: cures guaranteed.
DR. CiORDIN. Sanitarium. 614 Pine it.
tR. «TTAN'«? rtheuraatlrm Cure. II; free to
yr'-r fvtry W^diesday. 3t Geary st.
HKAL, ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
A NICE :.' rr» ea.crlflc*d.
»:¦•'>— Facing Alta Plaia. Clay st.. near
P'-c-tl 2-frtory and b.as«nent residence: con- |
ta:n» *a.ion parlors, large dining room, kitchen >
ts.rA breakfast i-ojbi on main floor; 5 beedrooma j
en second Boor; charmingly situated in a se-
lect neighborhood: tncrtgape of S33'X> can stand:
offer wanted: must be sold.
. , , . LTON & HOAG, lit Montgomery st.
XXnVSTOlVJJ lnvestnaent.
t2~,.'Jr:f— Pays 7 per rent net; handsome *-story
said ta«enr.ent building; 1 block from Alham>
tra I-:..-.-: -r
SCGXV-P.ent C7 M; fine, new bay-window flats.
cectalrjng « and 8 room*, etc; latest plumbing;
every modern convenience^ lots of sunshine:
larre lot .ExTIO); In very best part of park
Xiandaarsdle- dlsiriet. ,
fTTS.-)— Rented tSJ; all rented; splendid Invest-
ment la b»ft resldenoe eection cf Mission warm
belt; let CxJIS; Improvement in apple-pie order.
LTOX & UOAG. lit Montgomery st.
S'WELL CaU in a swell district!
i_ * — Pay 12 r>er cent.
n2,o»— IIan«wm» new flats on Van Ness
eve. .contain 7 rooms each; latest sanitary
plumbing; marble nepn, etc.; expensively fin-
ished; an €>.re!lent inveetment in a. swell dis-
trict; r*r.t $1*9.
$eo»— Pr»nd-neir booae; 775 Cole »t.. bet. Wai.
I->r esd Krederick; nnf, new, runny house con-
taining S rooms, bath, etc.; wineroom aad laun-
dry .n basement: lot 23x100; street bttuminized-
exp«- > 'f v *'ly fli-l-'r.ed: walls all tinted and decor-
ated in the bett taste.
LYON U. I1OAG. 114 Montaromery. "t.
$7^10— BUSINESS corner at the Mission; 2 good
builfl.nss; all rented: pays over IJ per cent; a
tirst-clc's inv«tment.
LYON & UOAG. m Montgomery st.
BDAUTIFX*L MODERN HOMES ~
IX A CHARMING LOCALITY.
New up-to-date houses on Clayton »t., near
Frederick; contain larjre reception hall, swell
I*rlore. diniiig-rocra and kitchen on ¦ main
floor; t large, sunny bedrooms, with dressing-
room attached, on second floor; big basement:
r-plendld taste has been shown In the decora-
tions; or*en plumbing; expensive mantels;
I»rlce> f 4V0 f > for S-nora houee and fii'X) for
S-rooxn house; terms, say, $1000 cash, balance
monthiy; blue cars on Eddy st. pass tbe prop-
erty. Halght-Bt. cars transfer.
LYON A HOAG. 114 Montgomery et.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished) rooms I and
offlcM; elevator: electric lights; day. wk:. mo.
MARKET. 1Z2&. near City Hall — Room and
board. }15; funny room, f«.
MINNA. M7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window rcom. SI per week; transient.
The following marriage licenses were issued
'^Louls A. Schlesincer, 20. 944 Van Ness ave-
nue, and Ruble H. Prager. 20, Murray, Idaho.
Georse Harrison. 30. 96 Smith Park, and Mar-
garet A. Dillon. 17, 16S2& Mission street.
George Merkel. 30. 1045 Bryant street, and
Ida Cohen. 20, 2CS Clara street.
Joseph A. Goyette. 22. 34S Fifth street, and
Je«sie M. Gill. 19. 2126 Bush street.
William V. Martin. 24. 118 Silver street, and
Marraret L. Connell. 23, 603 Golden Gate ave.
Frederick J. Ehlen, 26. Portland, Or... and
Lillian M Payre, 24, city.
Frederick L. Kistenmacher, 30, city, and Al-
vlna Schmidt. 33. city.
¦ Henry Coze-no. 33. ; 41 Clementina street. . and
Rosa A. Burke. S3. 41 Clementina street.
Charles Christiansen. 29, S13H Mission street,
and L6ona M.Guy. 22. 24 Fifth street.
MAHB.IAGE IilCENSES.
JESSIE, tn. near new postoface— Rooms;
cheap.
HOWARD, 1C65B— Unfurnished front bay-win-
dow room. $S: also single furnished room, $5.
HOWARD, 545— Double and single rooms, tl to
Jl :,0 per wk. ; clean, quiet and respectable;
will rent one room to neat woman, half price,
to answer bell during landlady's absence.
HOWARD, S29— Rooms from II week up to $5:
25c to SI night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOTEL Francisco-El-cant suites: single; tran-
sient; baths. MRS. KING. Turk and Taylor.
HOLLAND Houise, 420 Etxth St.— Nicely fur-
nished rooms from SI to M per week.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission et.— Select
family rooming house; tl £0 to $6 per week. .
GRAND SOUTHERN', southeast corner Seventh
sr.fi Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
•ingle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
PROPOSALS FOR MILITARY SUPPLIES. -J«
New Montgomery st.. San Francisco, Cal.,
April SOth. 1S00. Sealed proposals in triplicate
will be received here until 11 o'clock a. m..
May 16th. 1900, and then opened, for. furnish-
ing Stationery, Lanterns. Stoves, Stove Fur-
niture, Lamp Chimneys. Feather Dusters. Of-
fice Tables. Rugs, Hardware, Saddlery, G. I.
Buckets. Alcohol. Stable Brooms. Excelsior,
Glue. Axle Grease, Leather, Lumber. -: Oils,
Paints, Rope, Soap. Sponge, etc. Preference
will be uiven to articles of domestic produc-
tion and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including- in the price of
foreign productions the duty thereon) and
such preference given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United .States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Proposals for delivery at other points will
be entertained. Information and blank pro-
posals furnished on application. Envelopes
will be indorsed "Proposals for Military Sup-
plies No. 35SS." and- addressed CAPTAIN
OSCAR F. LONG, Assistant Quartermaster,
U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
GOLDEN GATE. «31— flunny furnished and un-
furnished rooms; $6 and t~ SO.
GEARY. «C0— Newly furnished room for gmt;
J10 month.
GEART. 405 fThe Nararre) — Elegantly furnished
rooms; ruttes or single; travelers accom' dated.
FOLSOM. US. cor. Cth— (The Ollver)-Newly
furn. sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
EDDY, 473— Larsre bright sunny rooms; two
closets; sas; runnlnc water.
ELLIS. 616 — Elegant furnished parlors; suites
for 2 or 3 sentlemen; near City Hall.
PROPOSALS for Drayase— General Depot of
the Quartermaster's Department. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. April 16. 1800.— Sealed proposals,
for the hauling- of military stores and sup-
plies In and about the city of San Francisco.
Cal:, for the fiscal year commencing July 1,
1800, will be received at this office until 11
o'clock a. m., on Thursday, the 17th day of
May. 1300. and then opened. The Government
reserves the right to reject any or all pro-
posals. All necessary Information will be
furnished on application to this ofSce. OS-.
CAR F. LOXQ. Assistant Quartermaster, U.
S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
CARROLTON. 1IM Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
BOHEMIA. 23S Post, ccr. Stkn.— Single and cor.
«unny suites; finest in city; h., c. water; cars
pass door; elevator; tourists accommodated.
BURNETT. 14?6 Market St. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BAKER. 1S11— 2 sunny front unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; bath.
BAIU1OAD TBAVELb
south Kit* r,»«!iric cojipaxt.
(ncmc «nu.) .
Tralaa !•>••*«• »•«•• »r» .»•••• «• »rrl»» ••
mam riuxnwro.
(JI»;ii Line. Foot of Market Street.)
LBATX - r*OM MAT 13. 1300. — ARitlTl
•7:00a Benicia. Siiiiun. Elmira. VacaTilfe
Rums»J anil d»eT»inento •7:J.1f
•l-.non Shuta Exsress— IteTis. WUU»sis<for
Bartle'.t Strings). Willoas. lied
Blufl, Fortlaad. "7M3f
*7:3Oa Martinez, .-i.iu Uauimi. VilJeJo. Ifepa,
CalUtrfa and S»nta Rota *9:Mr
•*:O« a D*»U. Woodiaud. KufjhU Lasdlng.
MarysvUie. Oro*ii!a •": I5r
•*iO»« AtUatic Kxpress— Ogden »nJ Kaat Mls43*
"»:::••» Ssu Jose. Liiermotr. Stockton,
lone. M.icraui-riro. PlactrrfiUe,
M«rri?l>, Cliico, Itetl Klutt MjMp
•!I:30a Oakdale, Chinese (for Yoaemtte).
Suuor*. Carters. M:l»p
•»:OO» Hsjwartls, Nil-- »r.<l Way Stations. M 1 :»•"»»
-J:o«* loa Anfdea Express — Martiuo*.
Tr»cy. Latlirop, Stockton. Merced
anil Kr--«m> 'OH.lr
»9:SOA V»!l-j... M trtin-x and Way Station* 'StISp
•IO:«Oa The OrerUiiii I.i.i:i'.<?i— Ogdan. Den-
ver. Umaha. Chicago *3iI3r
'i):U«.i Nllcs. Uvenuore. ttiockton. Sacra-
meuto. MeiHlot*. llauford. VlsaUa.
PurteriiUe •«!!!»*
•I'<:OOk HayvarJa. Nllesand Way Stations. '»: f»r
tl:«M»r 3:i-i»uirtr.i. Kifer Steamer* t3:O<*«
*3:OOr Hajwar.1*, Niles and Way Stations. *3ll3r
•aiuor Maitiuax, h»u Uainon. Vallejo.
Kay*. Callatoga, -i»ut» ICots *»»!•¦»»
•l:««r Il-uici*. Winters. Haeramensow
WouUiaml. Kui.liU Luvllu*.
MarrSTille. Orotille •l«:43*
•!i3»rNt!«s, San. line and Stockton *7:l3p
•3:Ot>rThe Owl Limited-Tracy. Fresno.
IUkcrsGeld. liaugns for Santa Bar-
bara, I*>s Aoxeles *»:t5»
•SiOOr Ftssuo Passenger — Martinez. Lath*
to?. Stockton, Uetceil, Berenda
(Raymond for YoseaaUe), r'reino.. 'Uillf
*3:3»rKew Mcaur Express -lia'ienlleUl.
Manta lUrtiara. 1...S Ad|«1«s, Dsm.
lag. El x*a*o. New Orlcaus and
Kaat *S:43*
•3iS»r Manta *¦ llnnte— Atlsatlo Exprsw
tor MoJ»»» ait* Cast *«*»r
•8:00r Hirwards, Niles and San Jen...... *7i43»
f6:0«r Vallejw 'latLlp
•«i»»r Oriental Mail— Ogden. Chejrenna.
Omaha, Chicago •11:4.1*
•«:OOp Oriantal Malt— Oidsn. D*n*w.
Omaaa. Chicago. MilSr
J7i00r Vallrjo. Port Cotte and Way Sta-
tions t'i3*r
•SiO3r Oregon and Callforula KxpreM. ««e-
lamentu. M»-,»t!1U. Ited.lhu.
rmtl.i.,1. rn(.l Mom.it and K»»> «»««3a
COAST DITKroa (Narron (image).
(Foot cf Market SUeel.)
t~.43» Santa Crtu Eicursion for KanU
Cnu and Principal Way SUtions 19>«3p
•S-tSaKewark.CanterTillr.&aaJoa*. retton.
BouMerCiMk.3aut«Cruxaud Way
SUtions •«<Sttr
fSiISp Newark. CauterTlllo, Saa Jom lSiw
AloiaJeu, l>ltou, Dooider Creek.
8»nu Cruz and Principal Way
Stations f ¦•:.1U*
•lil.tr Kairark. Han Jose. Los Gatos "•»:'¦•*
o<» 1 3p Glenwood. Feltoo, Santa Crai «»ias>a.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtaSii riticisco-rMt »r «>rw. s..mks:i» ji—
'1:15 ¦ t:00 11:00 i.M. |1.33 *2:33 tl:C9
M:C3 tfcC3 ?S:Mr.n.
frtaOilUJt— rail »fBr»»s»»T.— "8:00 U;0O 10:00 ».¥.
tU.ZZ m l::i tl:C3 »3:C3 ti:C3 «8:C2r.M.
COAST III VISION (Bread liaage).
(Third and Townaend Sts.)
»•:•«» Ocean View. South San FrancUco.. t<*:^°r
t?:OOA San Jnae anil Way Stations (Nsw
Almaden W«1-i««da;soiilr) *l*3»?
H-SO* Sunday Excursion f»r San Joml
Santa Cruz. Pacific drova aad
Principal Way 8t&tlons t**93T
**<••« Haa Jim*. Tres l'iuos. Hauta Cms.
Pacific Wrote. Paso Kobles, baa
. I.uli Obispo, Surf. Lompoc and
Principal War Station* *4:IOf
•Iwt4w« San Jose and Way Station! •¦::«»
*I1iSOa Man Jose, LosGatosam! Way*Uttona *3.aor
f"-">rS*» Matro. Kedwood. M-nlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. Han .lose.
Tres Pinos. Santa Cms, Sallnaa.
Monterey ami Pacific GroTa tlf»::tfl»
t»i!tOrHan Jose and Way Stations •T-SOr
HclSr San Jo9*aiitt Principal Way Stations *1l:13a
t3:o«raau Joaa. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations ?»:OO 4
•3.3Or San Jom an<l Principal Way Stations t*:33A
»n:»V P SanJnseam! Way Station* »«:••<>*
<ll:45r San Jos« ami Way Stations *~:5Or
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
* Daily. f Hun.iar exeepted. I Sunday only.
o Saturday only,
o Sattir-Ur and «nn.l»T e Sunday and Honda*
CAL1F0BN1A NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRAKGISCQ AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
>, Tituron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN* FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. »:00. 11:00 a- in.: 12-J3.
1:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. in. Thursdays— Extra ti'.y
at 11:10 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tries at I:s9
and 11:10 d. m.
SUNDAYS— 4:00. »:S0. 11:00 a. m. ; l:J0. 3:30,
»:00. «:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:10. 7:50. 9:10. 11:10 a. is.; 12:«S,
S:40. 5:15 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:15 and I:t3 o. m.
¦ SUNDAYS— 4:10. t:40. U:10 a. m.; 1:49, <:«•.
5:05. C:ZS p. m.
Bctireen San Francisco aad Schnetxen Park
same schedule as abova.
Leara I In effect. I ArrtTe
Ban Francisco^ (Apr. 15. 130».| Saa Frandscix
Week I Sun- J I Sun- I Week
Days. | days, f Destination.] days. | Days,
T:30am 8:00 »m Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
t:30 pm 1:30 am Petaluma. <:05 pm 10:23 am
6:13 pm S:M pm Santa Rosa. 7:15 pm «:» pn»
Fulton.
VM am Windsor. 10^S am
H eai ds hu r$.
Lytton.
Geyservllla.
1:30 pro J :t0 am CloTerdale. 7:35 pm S:tO pa
T:t3 aznl I Hopland | 119:23 am
t:3J pm| t:00 ami and Uktah. ) 7:35 pm| »:»> pm
7:30 am 10:25 ant
S:00 am Gaernerille. 7:SS pm
1:30 pm <:g>Pn
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 8:06 pm <:29 pm
7:30 am! 1:00 ami 1W:4O am!10:!S ara
1:30 pml 5:C0 pml SebastepoL I 7:35 pm| «:20 pm
Etares connect at Eanta Rosa for Mark West
Bprtnrs and White Sufphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Oeyserrtlle for Skaxa-s Springs; at Clo-verdal*
for the Geysers; at Holland for Duncan
i Bprlns^. Highland SprV»«s, KelseyvlUe. Carls-
! bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
I Springs; at Cklah for Vichy Springs. 8arato»s>
Fprtngs, Blu» Lakes. Lanr-l Dell Lake. Witter
I Iprlncs. Upi»r Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
1 John Day's. Rrr«rsJde, Llerley's. Boekneirs.
! Eanhedrin Helxhts. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bratr. West-
i port Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvtlla. Cummins.
| Bell's Sprints. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia,
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets a*
I reduced rates.
I • On Sunday round trip tickets to an point*
i teyor.d San Ra«s«! at half rates.
Ticket offlce«i. CO Market st.. Chronicle bid*
| H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
j ' General Manaxer. Oea. Pass. AeeaC
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commendnir April S3. 1900.
FKOM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAXi.EY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-;:0U. 1.S>. 9:30. H.-00 a. m,;
U:*3, 1-.U, 1:15, 4:1S. »5:15. «:U. (:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
¦ and Sundays, at 9:CO and 11:35 p. m.
BCNDATS— 7 :C0. n:^ •9:00. 'IOiOO. U:0O. U:J»
I a. m.;.U:45. U:30. 2:30. 'S^ 6;C0. 8:00. VM
i p. ra.
11:00 a. m. does not ran to Saa Rafael Sua-
days.
Trains marked <•> run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAM RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
¦WEEK DAT*- 4:35. •»:». 7:50. »:4O. *10:U a.
m.: lt:30. 1:13. »:U. *l:SD, 4:30. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS en Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at *S:45 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYH-«:13. »1:00. »3:5a. m.; '12:0a
m,: 1:O». S:i5. •J:SO. 4:30. *i:4S. «:4S. 7:30. M^»
marked f"> start from iian Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-5:I3. «:«. 1:00. 8:55. 10:33 a.
m.: 11:33. 143. 2:45. J:20. 4:50. 5:10 p. rn.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. ra.
i SUNDAYS— <:35. S:C5. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.; VX-JS,
! 1:20 2:30. 3:45. 4:55. C:15. 7:06. 10:30 p. m.
j THP.OUGH TRAIKa
7.-00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
8:13 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:13 p. m. weekdays (Saturdays ezcept«d>—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way iu-
tlor.9.
11:45 p. m. Stmdays— Point Reyea aad way
stations.
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas Citj and St Louis
to
New York and New England Points.
Finest through train service, with pollta and
courteous employes. Stop-oft allowed at Um
Full*. BOSS C. CLLN'B. P. C. P. Afft..
Los Ancelea. Cai.
C. 8. CRANE. O. P. Ait..
St. Lools. Ma.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62."> KEABSY KT. Established
In 1 154 for the treatment of Private
PIseaAfM, Lost Man hood. Debility or
dtoeaae**0arin£onb<xlya>nd£alndand
Skin Dtteftsea. Thedoctorcureswhfii
others fall Try him. Char**, low
('orr«cuaruntrrl. Callorwrit*.
Or. J. *¦• ulBiiOS, Box I937.d*a Fraadsfl*
AT E27 Howard— Changed bands; respectable;
newly renovated; Elngle, double and house-
keeping rooms: $1 ud.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon.
May 29. 1900. and publicly opened Immediately
thereafter, to furnish at the Mare Island
Navy-yard the dally supply of fresh beef, fresh
vegetables, fresh bread, biscuit, ice and pro-
vender for the fiscal year ending June SO,
1501. Blank proposals will be furnished upon
application to the Commandant of the Navy-
yard, or to the Navy Pay Office. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. A. S. KENNY. Paymaster Gen-
PROPOSALS.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE," «4 Bush St.. ad-
Joining the It Ufa Hotel; £4 rooms; all prices.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooma
25c to fl p*r night; $1 15 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
ROO31S TO LET — Furn. and Infnrn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubecrlptlons fcas been established at 1036 Va-
lencia *t.
3 FURX. housekpg. rms. ; elegant private res.;
gas; stove; piano; bath; $18 50. Box £337. Call.
VAN NESS ave.. 43 — Sunny front .rooms for
housekeeping. $12 to $1S; also tingle rooms for
gentlemen. %6 to JlO.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
Kan Francisco. State of California. Probate.
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication of
time appointed for probate of will <C. C. P.,
«ec I»u3).— Notice is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the lath day of May, A. D. 1900, at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of eald court, at the
new City Hall. In the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
will of said ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for bearing the application of Union Trust
Company of Ban Francisco for the issuance to
It of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Dated May 1. A. D. 1900.
WM. R. FHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
SCOTT. 1723— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $S or $10 month.
SHIPLEY. 262. near Sixth— Three sunny rooms,
unfurnished; rent $S.
SACRAMENTO. 1514. bet. Hyde and Larkin—
Large sunny front rooms, elegantly furnished:
modem; appreciated If seen; light housekpg.
POLK. "22 — Unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
also single room; cheap.
PINE. 1200— 2 or 3 unfurnished sunny corner
basement roome; sink; range; yard; $10.
OAK, 113 — 2 sunny rooms furnished for heavy
housekeeping, $10; 1 basement room, same, $4.
OCTAVIA. 1403. cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
parlor; mantel, folding-bed; kitchen; com-
r'«?te; til.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
intention to change principal place of busi-
ness — Notice Is hereby given that In pursuance
to tbe written consent of more than two-
thirds (2-3) of the capital stock of the Ro-
wardennan Improvement Co., a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and Sled In tbe office of said cor-
poration, it is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change Its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
cf Ben Lomond, tn the county of Santa Cruz,
Elate of California, said removal or change
to take effect Immediately after tbe expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. California, this 8d day of May. A. D.
1900. ROWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON, Secretary.
OAK, 54 — Nice sunny furnished and unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
XOE. 1S3 — Complete housekeeping; 2 sunny bay-
window rooms; coal or gas stove; bath; $12.
NATOMA. C3SB— Sunny front room, nicely fur-
nished; private family; rent reasonable.
MISSION, 2^33. near 22d— Sunny furnished
rooms; call morning and evening.
McALLISTER. €33 (Eaton's Bazaar)— 2 large
rooms, kitchen and bath; reasonable.
FIRST. 2S— Three front sunny, furnished rooms
for light housekeeping; $10 per month.
FOLSOM, S34 — Sunny front bay window room
and kitchen; closets, bath, all prive; $3.25 wk.
LARGE orchard In pretty Elmhurst: cut In lots
40x120 up to an acre; on car line; eravel
street*: city water; terms to please. SALS-
BURY. 459 Ninth st.. Oakland.
GEARY. Si3»4— 2 cr 3 unfurnished rooms; light
housekeeping; private family; references.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HARRISON. 731 — Four rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; large yard, bath; $16.
HOWARD. 1061— Large. Eunny completely fur-
nished housekeeping room.
HOWARD. 1CC6— Large front bay-window room:
kitchen: complete housekeeping: cheap: prlv.
KEARNY. 2C3, near Sutter— A front suite. $11;
gas, janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant a\"e.
MARKET, li"i2S — Elngle rooms, unfurnished. $3;
three rooms, JS.
MARKET. 153S. by City Hall— Two connecting
front sunny rooms; range: water; rent $15.
FIFTH. 253—2 furnished for housekeeping, $10;
3 for $13: 3 fcr $11; single. $5.
FIFTH. I4S— Suite of rooms; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping: rent cheap.
$25 CASH, $5 monthly till paid— Chicken run 60x
250 feet; all fenced except 50 feet: soil the best,
and levei: well sheltered; grand view; will
build a cottae to suit: no cold wind; no fog;
near a 90-foot boulevard and electric car line
and not far from a One school; building up all
around; Westall Valley Tract, Frultvale. ad-
Joining East Oakland. Call or send for circu-
lar. 435 Seventh st., near cor. Broadway,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES, owner.
EDDT. 817 — Pleasant, sunny, connecting house-
kftplnK rooms; splendid location; private res.
DEVISADERO. 1903—2 sunny front rooms and
bath, completely furnished; rent $18.
COR. McAllister, €24 Lagrina — Handsomely fur-
ni.*he«I large eunny front suite. $16; also mod-
ern fitttr.ss fcr light hskpg. ; St. James.
CLAT. MB, near Flllmore— 2 large unturnished
rocir.s: yard: water; rear: rent $7. - s
ROOMS roil HOUSEKEEPING.
BC25H. *33 — Two or three handsomely furnished
rooms fcr housekeeping: gas and bath.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BXRG^xVr^rT^PEWRTTERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals. 13. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California, telephone Main 265.
.MILL VALLEV KEAL ESTATE.
MILL Valley; houee and lot cheap; on account
c£ departure. Box 4iO, Call.
A AVnniv'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 litres. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
MILL Valley: bouse and lot cheap: on account
of departure. Box 420, Call office. --¦•^>--,
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of the
3 r -CG ranches on my sale and exchange list. N.
D. SICKELB, the Land Agent, 10 Geary at.
FIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movtn* Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 571J.
STORAGE A.\D WAREHOUSES.
ALL kinds bought, oold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st:
J2TW3— PEPIRABLE country home; 20 acres
choicest fruit land; 1600 almond and 50 select
fruit trees 5 to 6 years old; new hard-finished
residence; 'barn and other buildings; excellent
well of water: new windmill: good 6chool; de-
e'.rable neighborhood; by rail 1% hours from
S. F. Apply S2 San Pablo ave., Oakland.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine •ap-
plies. Standard Agency, 145 «th; phone Mint 45.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
MUST EC SOLD
TO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP.
17 acres choice land In Sonoma County, unim-
proved; also 20 acres, with about U acres
young orchard, flowing well, small house and
barn, cood fences, chicken houses, etc; will
sc'.l separately or together. Apply (forenoon)
Owner. 202 Eighth et., city.
HITAL LMATK — COU5TRY — Fur Sale
To the friends and * acquaintances of my
wife and our sister, Mrs. Susie Helman, we
express our moet heartfelt thanks for their
kind sympathy In our bereavement. Respect-
fully, AUGUST HEIMAN.
, CHRIS and KARL KOEBERER.
MARIE KOEBERER.
CARD OF THANKS.
HENND—To ' our many friends and acquaint-
ances who gave so many evidences of their
heartfelt and comforting sympathy during our
late bereavement of wife and mother. Fran-
ci«ka. Henne. we desire to return our sincere
thanks. WILLIAM HENNE. Husband.
LILLIA HENNE. Daughter.
WILLIAM A, HENNE. Son.
CARD OF THANKS.
(£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the Darents. 542 Polk street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
VOLMER— In this city, May 14. 1900, Char-
lotte Volmer. beloved mother of Mrs. T. B.
Butler and Louise Rudolph. Anna. Laura
and the late Charles Volmer, a native of
Wegersdorf, ' Hanover. Germany, aeed 77
years 10 months and 26 days.
ffy Interment private. Please omit flowers.
EJrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 203V4 Polk street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where services will be held
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 1:45
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. May 14. 1900, Margaret,
beloved wife of Timothy Murphy, loving
mother of Mrs. J. F. Fleming and Margaret.
Annie, May and John Murphy, and sister of
Mrs. T. Foley, Mrs. P. Bhea and Mrs. J. Por-
ter, a native of Castle Lyons, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 41 years.
PESCIA— A requiem mass (month's mind) will
be celebrated for the repose of the soul of
Dr. Joseph Pettcla at St. Iernatius Church
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock.
STRANGE— In this city. May 14, 1900, Benny
Mason, beloved son of Samuel and Marguerlta
Strange, a native of Chico. Cal., aged 2 years
and 6 months.
TIEDEMANN— In this city. May 13. 1900, Frank
Tiedemann. dearly beloved and only child of
Claus and Katie Tiedemann, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 11 days.
JCFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2 Illinois street, thence to St. Teresa's
Church. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.-
MANSFIELD— In this city. May 14, 1900, Rich-
ard C, beloved ¦ son of Ellen and Richard
Mansfleld, and brother of Michael, John.
Thomas, Laura and Maude Mansfleld and
Mrs. James R. Borden. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 10 months and 4 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 221H Fulton street, thence by 3:30
o'clock train for Cypress Lawn Cemetery-
MACK— In this city, May — , 1900, Elizabeth
Mack, beloved wife of Fred C. Mack, daugh-
ter of James and Elizabeth Allen, and sister
of Mrs. Tibbits, Mrs. Bergin. Mrs. Biziel and
James. John, Joseph and Theresa Allen, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years 2
months and IS days.
(C?The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 81 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where services
will be held for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townseni streets. Interment private.
BROWX— In the City and County Hospital.
May 14, 1900. George Brown, a native of Ger-
many, aged 50 years.
CHAMBERLAIN— In the City and County Hos-
pital, May 14, 19C0, Mary Chamberlain, a na-
tive of Ireland, ased 55 years.
CHAPIX— In the City and County Hospital,
May 14. 1900, Eugene Chapin, a native of Ger-
many, aged 51 years.
COIN — An anniversary requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the soul of the
late Mrs. Cecile Coin at St. Francis de Sales
Church, corner cf Grove and Hobart streets,
Oakland, to-morrow (Wednesday), commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully Invited to attend.
DOLAN— In this city. May 14, 1900, Francis
Dolan. beloved father of Francis Jr.. Edward
and George Dolan. Mrs. Catherine Savage and
Mrs. Nellie Swift, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, aged 63 years. •
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
EMERY— In this city. May 14, 1900, Richard
Emery, a native of Maine, aged 53 years.
FAGEX— Passed from this life. In Stockton.
May 14 1900, Mrs. Emily A. Fagen. mother of
Mabel R. Fagen, a native of Mansfleld, Ohio,
aired 54 years.
FAIRBANK— In Oakland. May 14, 1900, at 1552
Eighth street, Maud Elnora. beloved wife of
W. S. Fairbank. a native of Kansas, aged 35
years 11 months and S days.
GRIFFIN— In this city. May 14, 1300, Bridget,
wife of Maurice Griffin, and mother of Mich-
ael J., William H., John F., Bartholomew
and Agnes Griffin, a native ot Clahane. County
Kerry. Ireland, aged '5S years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. HOSVJ Potrero avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commenclnz at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HANNAN— In this city. May 14, 1900, Ella
Veronica, wife of the late Joseph Hannan,
mother of May and Robert J. Hannan, and
sister of Philip Q. Atkinson.
KERRIGAN— In this city. May 14, 1900, Bernard
Kerrigan, a native of Ireland, aged 7a years.
KX.IXGE— In this city. May 13, 1900. William
Kltnge, dearly beloved husband of Reglna
Kllnge, stepfather of Henry and grandfather
of Geor<t«, Scphie. Adler, Willie and Tillte
.'. Spellman, ,a . native of Eldenberg. Saxony,
Germany, aced 6S years.
BARRETT— In this city. May 13, 1900. Mrs."
Jane Barrett, beloved mother of John Peter
Barrett and Mrs. Hannah Goodwin, a na-
tive of Manchester, England, aged 77 years.
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, at Martinez,
Cal. Take 9 o'clock a. m. broadgauge boat.
Remains at the mortuary chapel of the Gold-
en Gate Undertaklne Company, 2425 Mission
street, near Twenty-first.
BOSCH— In this city. May 12, 1900, Elizabeth
Katherina Bosch, beloved wife of George Ed-
ward Bosch, mother of George Edward,
Helen W. C Frank, Florence Josephina,
Charles and Annie Elizabeth Bosch, daughter
of Brune Henry and Elizabeth Katherina
Gerdes, and sister of the late Mrs. W. W.
Walmsey, a native of San Francisco, aged 29
• years 3 months and 27 days.
(CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler, 636 Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BRIDGEWOOD— In this . city. May 13, 1900,
Hannah Aloyslus, beloved wife of S. J.
Brideewood. and daughter of the late John
and Marearet G«ary, a native of Boston,
Mass.
DIED.
Barrett, Mrs. Jane Grlffln. Bridget
Bosch, Elizabeth K. Hannan, Ella V.
Bridggwood, Hannah Kerrigan, Bernard
Brown. George Klinge, William
Coin, Mrs. Cecile Mack, Elizabeth
Chamberlain. Mary Mansfleld. Richard C.
Chapin. Eugrene ¦ Murphy, Margaret
Dolan, Francis Peseta. Dr. Joseph
Emery. Richard * Strange, Benny M.
Kagen. Mrs. Emily Tiedemann. Frank
Fairbank, Maud E. Volmer, Charlotte
CHEAPEST and best In America— Tbt Wtekly
Call. 1« p«Ke«, cert to any address In lh»
ITaHxl s»rt«. orctpfild. for 11 per r»*r.
BORN. #
BAUMHAUER-In this : city. May 14, 1900, to
the wife of F. J.Baumhauer, a daughter. . •
CX)BLEXTZ— In this city,: May: 13, 1 1300,1 to. the
wife of Mayer^CoWentz, a »~
Birth, marriage and" death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted.' They must b« handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published. .
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
KANSAS CITY, May 14.— Following out
their; declared Intention of last week,' the
builders- trades'; lockout became effective
to-day.' Members \ot ¦ the club ' say : that
about 800 . carpenters, painters', tinners
and plasterers were locked rout, while the
union men declare but between 200 and 400
axe affected. :\- The lockout is a test .• of
strength ;- between - the .; boss builders -- and
the unions. The lockout was ordered: by
the master bullderB in : an effort : to break
up the. Building Trades Council and force
each union to treat with contractors Inde-
pendent of all other-unionsc
Journeymen Locked Out.
IIOOMS AXD BOARD.
MIXER— In this city, May 12, 1900, to the wife
..of dark • D. - Miner. ¦ a son. ,. _
MONAGHAN— In this i city, April 16, 1S0O, to
tbe wife of John T. Monaghan, a daughter.
RAY— In the Potrenv May 2, 1900," to the wife
of Philip A. Ray, a son.
SOLOMON— In thlB city. May 10, 1900, to the
¦wife of J. Solomon, a son.
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 6, 1900, to the
wife of M. Sullivan, a eon. . f- -
WANTED— At once; Improved income city
P r0 P»rty: H300 to U000; tar cash, at SPECK
* CO.'S. 6€7 Market St.
KOOMS WAMEO.
SINGLE man wants room in Protestant family;
terms reasonable; central; British preferred.
MARRIED.
BECKER — LAFFERTT — In Denver. Colo.',
April 25, 1900, at St. Mark's Episcopal Church,
by the Rev. Dr. Houjthton, Oswald Becker of
Davenport, Iowa, and Harriet M. Laff erty of
San Francisco. . -v :
DUNZWEILER— KANE— In this city. May 12.
1900, by the Kev. J. M. Buehler, Karl Dunz-
weiler and Trebelll Kane.
RALF— TERRED— In this city. May L 1900, by
tbe Rev. Dr. J«hn A. B. "Wilson, Emanuel M.
Ralf and Matilda W. Terred.
WREDEN*— RAETZ— In this city, May 12, 1900.
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler. Charles A.
Wreden and Lilly M. Raetz.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
CH^APKST pood property on Pacific HeUhts:
N. Fide: view: sun: location superb. THE
MCCARTHY CO., e.» Market st.
MODERN houfe* and flat* built at lowest
prices; rims and estimates furnUfced for all
building; work. CAMPBELL. 1147 Mission et.
Emery,
SAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CftUF0M[n.M)SD
Santa Pe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across tbe continent.
Connecting Train Leaves San Francisco*
- I P./!. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:30
FYDDFt^ P» ni." with Palace and Tourist
n a 11 v car9 f or Kansas Citj, St Loaia,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Haaford, Visalia, Talare »/> » r»
and Bakersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN 8an Francisco office. 623
"f CISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Maia
TKIOIU ZVVF* 1S31; Oakland, HIS Broad-
way; Sacramento. 301 J Street; Son Joae. 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
MILL, VALLEY- AND", MOUNT TAMALPAI3
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
April 22. 1900. via. Sauaaltto Ferry. Week
days — Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m.. l:ii
p. m. Sundays — Leave San Francisco. S a. ra.,
9 a. no., 10 a. ra., 11 a. rn., 1:30 p. rn., 1:30
p. m. Tickets. can be purchased at the Sau-
tallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot,
foot of Market st, San Francisco. Fare,
1 ; round trip from San Francisco, Jl 40.office. Curtis was there, and the Judge,
desiring to give him the glad hand, cor
dially greeted him with:
"Hello, Curtis, how are you?"
Curtis drew himself up and said: "I
don't wish to talk with you. sir. You in
sulted me from the bench two weeks ago,
and I don't want to have anything to do
with you."
The Judge calmly replied: ""Whatever I
may say from the bench I stand responsi
ble for as a man."
Curtis lost control of his temper and
shouted: "You are a blackguard, sir!"
"Time!" yelled some one. and two fists
shot out. Curtis' fist grazed the point of
the Judge's nose. The Judge landed
short. They clinched and the same voice
yelled, "Break away!" There were sev
eral spectators of the fight, among them
Officer McMurray of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children. As the
Judge and attorney swayed to and fro
Officer McMurray separated them forci-
bly. This ended the hostilities for tha
time being.
"This man Curtis," said the Judge, "la
enough to irritate anybody. He asks so
many unnecessary questions when exam
ining a witness, and i3 constantly putting
in a reminder that he practiced before the
United States Supreme Court. I possibly
should not have lost my temper two weeks
ago and said what I did. When I met
him at noon I was willing to apologize to
him if I had hurt his feelings. That was
why I spoke to him. But I could not stand
being called a blackguard."
Curtis is a scion of a well-known Mary
land family. He Is the grandson of an
admiral, nephew of an Associate Justice
of the United States Supreme Court who
gave the dissenting opinion in the cele
brated Dred Scott case, that practically
led to he civil war. and was formerly law
librarian of Congress. Since coming hero
he has made his headquarters I at tha
Union League Club.
An eleven-year-old boy Is the manager
and operator at the telegraph office ln
Klngstree, S. C.
OAKLAND. May 14.— The question of
the club sideboard and its liability to tax
ation under the municipal license* law,
which has been raised by the arrest of C.
L. Discard of the Cosmopolitan Social
Club, is worrying Oakland clubmen just
at present, for the members of the Cos
mopolitan announce their intention of
prosecuting the. Athenian Club an,d the
Nile Club for selling liquors without a
license If tho Cosmopolitan Club is con
victed of violation of the law.
"Our club is a perfectly legitimate one."
said Mr. Discard tc-day when he ap
peared in the Police Court, "and if It 13
broken up by police influence we shall in
sist upon the prosecution of the Athenian
Club and the Nile Club for selling liquors
without a license."
"I believe that the Cosmopolitan Social
Club was merely an evasion of thp law.'"
said Chief of I'nl'.cr Hodgkins. "and tho
arrest was made for that reason. I do
not intend to molest other clubs."
THREATENS RETALIATION
ON TWO RIVAL CLUBS
PUPILS MAKE BUILDING
OF MRS. HUNTINGTON'S GIFT
Mrs. Collis P. Huntingdon ot _ this city has given to the Tuskepee Institute at
Tuskegee. Ala., a memorial hall.- which Is to be known" a«« Hii^in^f u fi
.Thl.:ta the institute for negro youth., and young" women" f ouJlT^y^Booke"*":
\ \ jtsninpfioii*
An interesting thing about the memorial Is that air the work on it <<. h,in,
done by the students of the institute. The plan* wer« dr,L« k 1
R. Taylor: the bricks were made by the stints whn nn . by a student. It.
gigs I •*!>**» § »•". »>.^e he tl ,"e tti s rs Ti ;: b f°" rc d^" i i!;r o r;
Booker T. ; Washington has just sent Mn p,,.,,-^ - .
building in Its present state and the groups of "tuden^Tt & P £ K ahowIng the
It will be ready for occupancy in abo^rrortS^
0 l ss^^is&^s^^s^fs¥^ about j2 °-
Is said ; to be the only: instance In this col ?v £k P S ° ft i le lnstltut *. * n * this
school have built and equipped a building entirelv fr^ 8 ° f an lndustrIa »
The building is to be for the girls of "the £2 »t» £7 ? r ° W " raaterlal 
wlth'an attic and a basement, and ileontainf Stv Vl "° "^ ln hefght '
sitting-room. In the basement are a aundry i larL h J!" 13 ?"* larB °
storage, heatlns and coal ' rooms. - uu nury, a large bathroom and general
Over Twenty Uses for Corn.
The Indian corn propaganda at the Paris
Exposition and the conventions recently
held, in the West In. the Interest of corn
producers have brought out the fact that
over. twenty Important products are now
manufactured from corn.; One of the most
important products Is distilled spirits, the
demand for which has Increased ereatly
since the ¦ Invention . of .". smokeless powder,
in the manufacture of which the spirits
are largely used. 'Among the other prod
ucts made from corn are mixing glucose,
crystal glucose, grape, sugar, anhydrous
Krape sugar, special sugar, pearl starch,
powdered starch, refined grits, flourlne,
dextrine, British cum. granulated gum.
gum paste, corn oil, corn oil cake, rubber
substitute,- gluten feed, chop feed, gluten
meal -and -corn- grrrn. .With -the present
economical methods of manufacture not a
particle- of ; corn Is- wasted. There Is no
refuse.— From the California Vineyardist.
Many a prosperous man owes his suc
cess In life to. the advice of his friends—
which he didn't follow. A
MIsr Anna I^hnprt. from the art depart
ment of , the City of Pacts Dry Goods Com
pany, ha? J::st roturn^d from her trip to
Paris and Berlin and will be pleased to
receive her many friends. •
In the Divorce Court.
Joseph Gaffney has been granted a di
vorce from Nellie Gaffney on the ground
of willful desertion. Suits for divorce
have been filed by Samuel De Bow. against
Sally De Bow for desertion, and Albert J
Woinert against Inez Weinert for deser
tion.
Don't drink the Brst thing the bartender
offers. Call fur Jesse Moore "A A" whiskey
an<i insist on entire it.
The inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the lat*» Angrolia K. Scott was
filed yesterday. The appraisers find the
estate to be worth $249,394 75. ¦
Angelia B. Scott's Estate.
How to make money on Belgian hares. Park
2f«wa every week. A big story paper. •
Decoration Day Celebration.
Th« general committee of the Grand
Army po^ts In San Francisco met last
night at the California Hotel for the pur
pose of preparing plans for the Decoration
any celebration. <iener.-U K. S. Salomon
was chairman of the meeting. Sub-com
mittees were appointed and it was decided
to have a Joint evening and afternoon ob
servance of the day. There will be a pa
rade* in the afternoon, of which Colonel
Charles Boxton will be the grand mar
shal. In the evening literary, exercises
•will he held. The finance committee will
consist of the fifteen members of the com
mittee appointed bv tho Mayor to take
charge of the $T/Xt allowed by the charter
The United States Supreme Court
yesterday decided in favor of the Stato
a long contested suit of the Atlantic and
Pacinc Railroad, Involving in part the
right of tho State Board of Equalization
to assess railroad rolling stock operated
in this State, although claimed to be
owned elsewhere.
The case is one of vast importance to
California, and has been fought for
seven years through the Federal courts
in this State, and to the highest tribunal
in the land.
Dispatches received yesterday from
Washington announce that Justice Har
lan handed down, the opinion of the Su
preme Court ln the case of C..W. Smith,
receiver of the, Atlantic and Paclllc Hail
road Company, vs. Truman H. Reeves,
Treasurer of the State of California, af
firming the ueciKion of the court below ln
favor of the State.
In behalf of the State the argument was
made several weeks ago before the
United States Supreme Court by State
Attorney General Tirey I,. Ford and Dep
uty Attorney General William M. Abbott.
The suit was over $3000 in taxes paid by
the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad under
protect levied on an assessment by the
State Board of Equalization ln 1833 on
certain rolling stock operated by the com
pany on Its leased tracks from Needles
to Mojave.
In explanation of tho case last night
Attorney General Ford said:
"The railroad Hrst brought suit in the
Lnlted States Circuit Court, before
Judge McKenna. claiming that the
State Board of Equalization had no right
to assess the rolling stock, tho company
asserting that It had been assessed In
New Mexico, hence the California board's
action would be a double assessment.
The stock Included all cars and engines
operated over the then leased line of the
Atlantic and Pacific,' covering 2*3 milea.
Atlantic and Pacific Cannot Recover
on Board of Equalization's
Action as to Its Cars
and Engines.
Decision on Assessed Roll
ing Stock by United States
Supreme Court
STATE WINS OUT
IN A RAILROAD
FIGHT 0N TAXES
Interesting Programme Last Night
for the Entertainment of the
Teachers' Club.
At the regular monthly meeting of th«
Teachers' Club held last night at the
Mercantile Library there were some inter
esting talks about trips abroad made by
inf-mber? of the club at various times.
Silas A. White told of a five months' trip
h<? had made through Norway, Sweden
I>r.mark, Iceland. Hebrides, Russia,
Prussia and the Netherlands. He had ex
cellent opportunities for observing the
people and their customs and had the fac
ulty of telling in an entertaining way just
what he had seen.
Perry P. Tompklns described a trip
through Europe on a bicycle and told of
many interesting things, tie had seen from
that point of vl*>w, which a traveler by
rail wr-uld naturally miss.
Possibly the most Interesting and in
structive talk of the evening was given
by Mr*. K. M. North, who has been
"across the pond" several times and has
had time and opportunity of making a
study of the public schools of the Conti
nent. Hhe ppoke particularly last night of
the methods of teaching geojrraphy in the
schools thero and gave her associates
"many valuable suggestions.
TALKS ON EUROPE AS
SEEN BY TEACHERS
owned by the Southern Pacific Com
pany from Needles to Mojave. But the
«nft eS «r er K pal< L . under P rot est. and then
suit was brought to recover. The deel-
Jus n t! W , a M a ?? lnst the railroad. Then, after
Justice McKenna was succeeded by Judge
VorZ°, W 'J h^, CaSe Waa trled aguinon «1$!
s»«S* n^ l0^" lp o S ; and again the court
sustained the State. The railroad took
r™,r'; ase , t0 A the . Unlt(1(J States Circuit
Court of Appeals, and there it was
hnd *V n °. Ht . OI ?, the S rou n d that the court
had no jurisdiction, and that the State
courts were the proper place to sue.
t»ua £} - the railroad appealed to the
Lnitcd States Supreme Court, but there
It abandoned Its contention that the as
miwJl 1 !^ 11 .?' a ? n ,. doub 'e one and raised the
question that the county Assessors of the
several ¦ counties In which the rolling
stock and other personal property was lo
cated should assess, and not the State
Hoard of Equalization. This and the ques
£r™.2 f federal jurisdiction were both
5nn^ £ rom ? acts at hand M to the
Supreme Court decision It cannot be said
upon which point the case was decided.
I hope that the flat rule as to the handling
?i ». r ir lr .££ d assessments will be estab
th« e «*; , Th £ ru l? ln tnls state na " b een for
the State Board of Equalization to assess
the whole of the mileage and rolling stock
or railroads and then to apportion to each
county according to trackage and rolling
stock within its boundaries? on the first
Monday in March. If .the county Asses
%° n r ,X t s YJ" 1 ?*. have that, authority I much
doubt if there would be much rolling
stock found in the counties on that dav.
for it could easily be rolled out 6f reach.
The State Hoafd of Equalization, with its
wider reach, can set hold of more mov
able property of this kind."
Dr. W. H. Mays resumed practice 1116
butter, cor. Larkin; res.. Hotel Granada,*
A Hohenzollern: Superstition.
Apropos of the superstitions of the Ho
henzollerns— superstitions, by the way,
found in all ancient royal families, in
cluding our own— the rulers of that house
possess a talisman brought . Into it by a
good spirit said to guard their destinies.
This is the curious "black stone," to
which ¦ is attached the following quaint
tradition:
Since tbe time of the Elector John
Cicero, who flourished toward the end of
the fifteenth century, each ruler has been
wont, before his death, to hand to his
successor a scaed packet. This contains a
rinK. In which 1m s*et a black stone said
to have been dropped by a huge toad on
the coverlet of a princess of the familv
just as she had given birth to a son.
l'rederlck the Great found the ring in a
cover, which also closed a memorandum
written by Frederick I, stating Its value
and its mode of transmission. Schneider
the librarian of William I, declares that
he saw the packet handed by Gelling, the
treasurer, to his royal master on his ac
cession, and further , asserts that he read
his account of the talisman to the Em
peror, who "fully confirmed it.
The present Emperor never fails to wear
on all great ocasions this queer old ring
and has, like every Hohenzollern, the
deepest respect for the quaint little Jewel.
Frederick the Great's father had the black
stone mounted on a ring and bequeathed
It to his son, who " believed firmly In Its
value as a talisman, and many of the doc
uments of that time deposited In the ar
chives at Berlin make allusion to it-
Chambers' Journal. -¦¦•' .-;
to pro to the dentist reached him, but thfs
was denied. Nevertheless there are men
who were serving as guards at that time
who declare that Mrs. Botkln went out
"to the dentist's" no less than five times
and all on the orglnal order, which was
intended for but one trip. In each of
these excursions, it is charged, she was
accompanied by McFarland, the assistant
superintendent.
Mrs. Botkin has a room by herself at
the jail— not a common room, but one well
furnished; one that belonged to one of the
matrons when the jail had room for two
matrons. She has her meals served in
her own room and there is no lock to it
except that upon the inside. She may keep
her light burning as long as she pleases
she may receive what visitors she pleases
and altogether the free and easy way in
which Mrs. Botkin lives the life of a life
convict has before now caused a scandal
that has brought no credit with it. Guards
and officers have been in trouble for be
ing too friendly and too willing to show
courtesies and there is every prospect that
more trouble of the same kind is immi
nent.
Dear Sir: Tour desire, as expressed In the
papers, for a thorough In the
Botkin case meets with my hearty approval.
If you will kindly notify me on your return
to the city when you wtll be ready to proceed.
I wl!l esteem it a ffreat favor, as I «iri anxious
to have the matter cleared up wH'uuut delay.
I am ready at any time to lend you «very
asslRtanoe within my power In order to facili
tate the investigation. Respectfully yours.
JOHN LACKMANN. Sheriff.
Judge Cook is expected back from San.
Jose this morning. The McGlade case will
come up before him at 10 o'clock and it is
expected that he will make some mention
of the wanderings of Mrs. Botkin. At
any rate he says he will start his investi
gation as soon as he returns from the
country.
Mrs. Botkin has been a disturbing ele
ment at the branch Jail ever since she
was sentenced to life Imprisonment. She
used to pester Sheriff Martin with ro
quests for privileges until in the extrem
ity of his weariness he allowed Frank
McKarland, the assistant superintendent
to take her to the dentist. Within two
weeks another application for permission
JUDGES Gilbert. Ross and Morrow
of the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals handed down a number
of decisions yesterday, the most In
teresting and Important of which was
that by Judge Ross in the case of C. J.
and L. E. Hanchett, appellants, vs. John
Chiatovlch.
Chiatovlch is a wholesale and retail
merchant in the town of Silver Peak, Es
meralda County, Nevada. The Hanchetts
employ about fifty men m the same town.
For some reason not material to the is
sue. Chiatovich Incurred the displeasure
of the Hanchetts and they showed their
disapproval by posting bills around the
town threatening their employes with dis
charge should they continue to buy mer
chandise from . him. The merchant re
sisted the boycott by filing suit in a Fed
eral Court and obtaining an injunction
and damages. From the judgment of the
Federal Court in Nevada an appeal was
taken.
Judge Ross affirmed the judgment of
the lower court, Judges Gilbert and Mor
row concurring. Judge Ross' opinion of
the boycott is expressed in the opinion
which follows:
"It is contended that one man has a
legal right maliciously - to interfere with
the business of another. We deny the
soundness of any such proposition. No
one can properly deny to any man the
absolute right to cease dealing and to
refuse to have business or other relations
with any particular person or persons,
but no man. In our opinion, has a legal
or, moral right through malice, ill-will or
revenge to command other persons to do
so. • • ? Perhaps in the case of the
large majority of men the pursuit of hap
piness involves the pursuit of business en
terprises of one kind or another. With
Turner Jackson vs. United States of
America — Sentence of ten years at hard
labor for assault with a deadly -weapon,
modified by striking out hard labor.
In the matter of the bankruptcy of the
San Gabriel Sanatorium Company. Greg
ory Perkins, trustee, vs. H. H. Markham
et al.. orders reversed; cause remanded
for further proceedings.
L. C. Trent vs. Risdon Iron and Loco
motive Works— Cause remanded for modi
fication of decree.
Edward M. Seeber et al. vs. William
Randall et ux. — Judgment affirmed.
Santa Clara Valley Mill and Lumber
Company vs. De Witt Clinton Prescott—
Judgment reversed and cause remanded
with instructions to dismiss bill.
Fred Williams vs. George C. Gaylord,
Charles E. Maddrill and Dwlght T. Rolfe
— Decree of Circuit Court affirmed with
costs.
Alexander Mackel, as trustee In bank
ruptcy of Fred A. Bartlett, vs. Ras Ro
chester—Judgment reversed with direc
tions to take further proceedings.
Thomas Gallivan vs. Thad Jones et al.
Judgment reversed; cause remanded to
court below for further proceedings.
The Montana Mining Company vs. the
St. Louis Mining and Milling Company of
Montana— Judgment affirmed.
The Circuit Court of Appeals will re
sume Its session at 11 a. m. to-morrow.
"It Is, in our judgment, a clear viola
tion of the right appertaining to every
person engaged in an industrial enter
prise, for another person, through malice
or revenge, to command or Induce other
persons to withdraw or withhold their
custom from him, or otherwise malicious
ly interfere with his business."
The other decisions were as follows:
what show of reason or justice can It be
said that this right lawfully to pursue
his own business can be legally interfered
with by third parties, except by competi
tion?
The Judge and the Prisoner.
}> — EITHER Mrs. Botkin has a double.
, and several who have every reason
,1 j to know the woman sentenced to life
imprisonment have run against it,
cr. the prison guards and the Sheriff to
the contrary, the prisoner has been enjoy
ing the free air of the peninsula whenever
Fhe pleases.
Judge Cook swears he saw her on the
Guerrero-street car with a man who he is
generous enougrh to be certain was no
one but a guard from the Jail. She was
tried before Judge Cook, and for weeks
she sat face to face with him. Her fea
ture? must have been Impressed upon his
memory when he sentenced her to Impris
onment for life. It is considered hardly
possible that Judge Cook could have made
any mistake in so important a matter.
But Judge Cook is not the only one.
There are at least two ex-employes of the
Sheriffs office whu are sure they saw
her— one about two weeks ago on Mar
ket street, near Kearny. and the other
about six; weeks ago. also on Market
etreet. between Fifth and Sixth. On the
first occasion there seemed to be no one
with her. On the other she was with a
nan whose most prominent feature was a
sandy mustache. It was reported that a
third man »=aw her entering the Parrott
building, some months ago.
There is no one at the Branch County
Jail who will admit that Mrs. Botkin was
evor allowed outside of the prison walls
Th»»y have even made affidavits to that
effect, but mtm Judge Cook Is unsatisfied
and is going to make an investigation on
his own account. Sheriff Lackmann has
Fignifiod his pleasure at the intention of
the Judge and has promised to assist In
every way. He wrote the following to
Judge Cook yesterday:
Hon. Carroll Cook, Judge Superior Court—
Judges Express Opinion That Pursuit of Hap
piness Includes Pursuit of Business and
Must Not Be Interfered With
¦¦."¦*.'¦
Maliciously.
Decides It Is Unlawful to Injure
Another's Business Except
by Competition.
FEDERAL COURT
CONDEMNS BOYCOTT
PRICES FOR OLD MASTERS.
Very Few Paintings Which Have
Reached Four Figures.
Since the Dudley sale of 1S92 no really
choice collection of old masters has come
under the hammer in this country, and
the prices paid for the few isolated exam
ples which have been offered for sale
would seem to indicate that the taste for
this class of composition Is not what it
once was. This is perhaps inconclusive
evidence as to a decline in taste, for an
indifferent specimen gains as largely by
being sold in such a collection as the Dud
ley as It loses by being sandwiched be
tween a medley of the old and the new.
Very few of the old masters have dur
ing 189S reached four figures. The most
important of all was the splendid Rem
brandt portrait of Nicholas Huts, which in
the Huston sale brought 5000 guineas, or
3000 guineas more than were realized at
the» Adrian Hope sale four vears before.
A Rubens. "Repose of the Holy Family,"
on June 25, sold for 1300 guineas. Sir
John Mlllais' poetical example of Van
Dyck,"Tlme Clipping the Wings of Love,"
sold for S40 guineas, or nearly four times
the price at which it was acquired at the
Blenheim sale in 1SS5; but the fact that it
was a great favorite of the late P. R. A..
i and that it was accompanied by a sort of
j written guarantee from his hand, gave it
• an Interest and importance which it
mlght-not otherwise have had.
The Ruston sale included an example of
Van Dyck. also from the Blenheim collec
tion, a "Virgin Child," which sold for
1000 guineas, or just double the amount
it fetched In 1S66. There were also two
Van Dycks In the highly Interesting series
of family portraits from Hilton Hall (sold
June 25), formerly the residence of Joseph
Addlson and his wife," the Countess of
Warwick— these portraits are said to have
been brouKht to Bllton Hall from Holland
House — and these were whole lengths of
Prince Rupert and Prince Maurice, his
younger brother, and they realized 720
guineas and DSO guineas respectively.—
Magazine of Art.
PKOmSSORY NOTE OF 1781.
Uncle Sam Failed to Pay It and the
Interest Now Amounts to $13,000.
The War Department has received a
communication from Norman Stearns of
706 Washington street, Dorchester, Mass.,
in regard to a claim against the Govern
ment which has Interesting features. Mr.
Stearns says that he holds a promissory
note of the United States Government for
$18 67, payable to his great grandfather,
Eli Stearns, given in 1781, and never paid.
The note bears date of August 1. 1781. and
Is signed by "Tim" Pickering — the abbre
viation In - Mr. Stearns' letter — quarter
master general, and countersigned by
"Jabbery Hatch, D. QAM." Mr. Stearns
says that the money was advanced to the
corps of Invalids at Boston and quotes the
phraseology of the note as follows:
¦ "Said sum shall be paid on first day of
November next ensuing (1781), and if not
then paid the came shall bear interest of
6 per cent per annum until paid."
' If the Government pays the note Mr.
Stearns will receive more than $13,000, be
ing the principal and the Interest at 6 per
cent for 118 years.— New York Sun.
A New Kind of Water Mark.
Two 'Englishmen who have recently se
cured a method of producing water marks
by means of electrolysis thus describe the
process: ¦
"In producing a disappearing 'and re
peating revivable translucent water mark
In. or on manufactured paper we proceed
as follows: Upon a platinum sheet .or
plate forming the positive conducting sur
face wp place a lnyer of absorbent mate
rial, such as blotting paper, previously
moistened with water. On this material
we place the paper which Is to receive the
water mark, the paper having been pre
viously moistened through with water.
We then press, face downward, on the
paper a platinum design of the water
mark, and" this design forms the nega
tive electrode. We keep this ' negative
electrode In contact with the paper lor
from five to ten seconds, according- to th^
nature of the paper and the amount of
electric current used. The result on re
movalof the electrode is a distinct" and
translucent Image of- the design, which
gradually fades as the . paper . dries, and
llnally becomes Invisible. The mark, how
ever, ran be revived "and made visible as
often as the paper, is Immersed in water
or moistened In any 'other way." — Th«
Paper Mill.
FOR the past two weeks the relations
between Judge Cabanlss and Attor
ney George F. Curtis have been
strained. Curtis was defending a
woman charged with disturbing the peace
before the Judge, and demanded a jury
trial.' This Incensed the Judge, as It puts
the court and citizens' who act as jurors
to unnecessary trouble and expense, and
he dismissed the case, remarking to the
defendant:
"You have suffered enough by having
an ass for your attorney."
Curtis retorted that he had practiced be
fore the Supreme Court of the United
States. The Judge said it must have been
by carrying in books for some other law
yer. Curtis threatened to have the' Judge
Impeached, and continued to smart under
the castigatlon.
The Judge adjourned court yesterday
noon and strolled Into the warrant clerk's
GREAT VICTORY
SCORED FOR THE
PACIFIC COAST
Jobbers of the Middle We3t
Cleverly Checkmated at
Boston.
Indorsement of National Association
of Manufacturers in Its Efforts
to Obtain Graded Bates
Fails. .
Secretary Thomas P. Smjth of the Pa
cific Coast Jobbers' and Manufacturers'
Association returned from the East yes
terday and brought news that mad.e the
officers and executive committee of the
association congratulate themselves upon
their foresight In having a delegation
representing the Pacific Coast at the an
nual meeting at Boston of the National
Association of the Manufacturers of the
United States. Had the Pacific Coast been
unrepresented the St. Louis jobbers were
prepared to secure the adoption of reso
lutions that would, practically have sus
tained their entire contention concerning
freight rates to the Pacific Coast as set
up in the famous suit now pending before
the Interstate Commerce Commission.
There was a very good chance that the
resolutions might have been adopted on
an ex parte hearing. The Pacific Coast
representatives were informed of the dan
ger and at once upon their arrival at
Boston went to work to head oft the
scheme of the Middle West jobbers. They
succeeded in showing the manufacturers
on the Atlantic seaboard that they were
concerned equally with the Pacific Coast
In the maintenance of the present condi
tions, as the Institution of graded rates
would make the Atlantic coast and the
Pacific Coast the farthest removed points,
commercially considered, on the continent.
When the facts became generally known
the arguments of St. Louis, that had been
received In certain quarters with some fa
vor, lost their edge and the little joker
was exposed. There is a large manufac
turing Interest in the lUddle West that
is allied with the jobbing interests of that
section and the Western manufacturers
were numerous in the convention. On
the other hand there was only one Pacific
Coast manufacturing: plant represented —
the beet sugar factory at Chino. The At
lantic seaboard manufacturers were not
slow to take the alarm and as a result
the St. Louis resolutions never had a
chance. ¦
After the convention adjourned the rep
resentatives of the Pacific Coast talked
with many manufacturers who do busi
ness on the Atlantic seaboard and found
them, when they fully understood the
matter, strongly favorable to the mainte
nance of the present system of rate
making.
MRS. BOTKIN SEEN
BY MORE THAN COOK
Two Ex -Sheriffs
Employes Who
Are Sure I hey
Met the Woman
on Market Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCa CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 15, li>00.
ONE ROUND FOUGHT BY
JUDGE AND ATTORNEY
Battle of the Bar and the Bench.
14
ADVEKTI3E2IENTS.
AUCTION
OF FINEST PERFECT ANTIQUE
PERSIAN jl ! \\l.\
A DIKECT -IMPORTATION*.
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
THIS DAY,
TUESDAY . MAY 15TH,
At 11 a. rn. and 2 D- n>-
A few days more and It will b* >>v«r.
GET BARGAINS WHILE YOU CAN
Must be «old until certain amount realiwd
to cay a draft. - _
SALE ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT RESERVE
A,' W. LOUDERBACK. Auctioneer.
Temperance
Women hold up Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery and "Favorite Pre-
scription " as examples of what all med-
icines should be in absolute freedom from
alcohol and narcotics. They are strictly
temperance medicines. They contain no
alcohol, neither opium, cocaine, nor any
Other narcotic. False formulas of Dr.
Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery and
"Favorite Perscription " having been pub-
lished by ignoftmt or unscrupulous per-
sons, Dr. R. V. Pierce as president of the
"World's Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion, Buffalo, N. Y., the manufacturers
of his remedies, offers one thousand
dollars for any bottle of these medicines
which on analysis shall show the pres-
ence either of alcohol or of opium, co-
caine, or any other narcotic.
J Suits against the originators and pub-
lishers of these false formulas have been
instituted, and in order to effectually stop
the publication of these malicious false-
hoods, Dr. Pierce asks that his friends
will send him copies of any circular,
pamphlet, or other advertisement, in
which the statement is made that "Gold-
en Medical Discovery " or " Favorite Pre-
scription 5 contains alcohol or opium or
other narcotics. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.