enemy. , Last Tuesday many of the his
toric regiments,. like the Scots Greys, the
Inniskillen Dragoons and the Lancers,
could not muster a hundred mounted men,
while artillery horses were' very scarce.
The enemy has now been entirely cleared
out from the . position they lately occu
pied north of Glenn and the British force
there is being considerably 'augmented.
Lord Kitchener commands the railway to
the south and our positions • are secure
against interruptions. The troops are all
in good spirits, though badly in need of
clothing and boots."
Roberts Delays His Advance.
The Capo Town correspondent of the
Daily News, telegraphing Friday, says:
"Owing to a lark of horses and to the
sufferings of the men from pneumonia,
due to thin clothing. Lord Roberts has de
cided not to make a big move until the
troops are provided with tnicker uni
forms." .
The Bloemfontein. correspondent of the
Morning Post, telegraphing Friday, says:
"No anxiety need be felt as to the secur
ity of Bloemfontein. although the enemy
may succeed in cutting telegraphic com
munication and even in destroying the
railway for a brief period. - A number of
civilians, including Lady Bentinck . and
Lady Edward Cecil,' who arrived here re
cently from Cape Town, left to-day In
compliance with a general order Issued by
the authorities."
The- Bloemffnteln. correspondent of the
Daily Mail, telegraphing Friday and re
ferring to the death at Boshof of General
de Villebois Mareuil, commander, of the
French legion" of the Boer army, says:
"He , was ai.no type of the French beau
sabreur, brave, dashing, highly Intelligent,
loving war, yet a polishejd gentleman at
home and a scholarly ami almost brilliant
writer. He was of far too high a type to
be understood -by the Boers, who showed
open, contempt for his advice and "disobe
dience to his orders. He it was who
warned GeneralCronje that he was being
flanked by Lord Roberts. Cronje replied
angrily: 'The British will never leave the
railway.' The French officer . persisted,
saying ; it was obvious that the British
meant to outflank the Boers.. Then Cronje
shouted: 'Boy; keep still. I was a soldier
before you were born.' " '
Free Staters Resume Fighting.
' . The : Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Times, telegraphing Friday, says: "The
Boers now stretch in a thin line from
Sannas Post, on the south, to a point east
of Jagersfonteln. The railway, stations
are amply protected, but their defense
necessitates heavy, patrolling work. The
question of protecting the surrendered
Free. Staters is. being solved by. their re
ception 9 into V the military camps. Many,
are flocking here,' but it is reported that
the farms westward of the capital are ten-*
anted .by. women only, , the men having
rejoined the.' Boer commandos."
. The : Cape ' Town -correspondent of tho
Daily ! Mall says : "Charges \ of ¦ insubordi
nation and pilfering are made against the
crew of the foundered «j British -steamer
Mexican. , After, the* : collision with ; ; the
Winkfl eld . they- appeared; to i be Incapable
"Take them out to work. We need wood
for our fire. Do not let them escape."
Shot Down Like Wild Beasts.
.Thirty American soldiers with I loaded
rifles formed the detail that carried the
prisoners out to "work." The prisoner*
were taken to a place where wood wan
already cut. There they were huddled to
gether. One of the soldiers sprang for
ward and shouted:
"I claim the first shot."
"You deserve it." was the answer.
Instantly his Krag-Jorgensen, filled with
bullets, began belching tnem into tho
crowd of unarmed natives. He had filled
the magazine of his rifle with cartridge*
filed at the end so they would split anrl
spread upon striking the body. At tho
first crack of this soldier's gun the rifles
of twenty-nine other men in detail began
to speak, and. according to Mysratt's nar
rative, not one of the Filipinos was left
alive.
The sergeant of the guard, who ran out
with orders from the captain to inquire
into the cause of the shooting, went back
and reported to his superior: "Sir. prison
ers tried to escape and the guard fired."
"This Is the best way, to teach these do
based minds the value of friendship ami
honor," says Mygatt. In commenting on
the deed.
Corporal Mygatt 13 well known in
Brooklyn. For a long time he was one of
the most popular young military men In
the borough. lie was a member of Com
pany A, Twenty-third Regiment, wh^n
the war with Spain began. When he
found his regiment was not to be called
out he had himself transferred to the
Forty-seventh, which he entered as first
sergeant. He soon was promoted to a
lieutenancy. When the Forty-seventh
Regiment returned from Porto Rico and
disbanded Mygatt enlisted in the regu
lar army as a private and was sent to tho
Philippines with the Twenty-third In
fantry. In two weeks he was promoted
to corporal and hopes to be further ad
vanced before long.
REIGN OF TERROR
BEGUN BY SOUTH
AFRICAN NATIVES
LOURENZO MARQUES. Friday,
April 6.— A runner, who has just ar
rived here from Sobobos Kraal says
Sobobo has been killed and his
women have been tied up with
ropes. Unrest is increasing in the
country, which is in amosfunset
tled state, bordering on a reign of
terror, in the absence of "white
man's law." Many natives have
been threatened, and in one dis
trict they have been completely
killed off. • - .¦
• A' messenger from Bromersdorp,
Swaziland, says the Boers are mak
ing presents to the- Queen and are
seeking permission- to pass through
Swaziland armed.
' McQuezie, the- famous old Swazi
chief, and two women of his house
hold, with their infants, have all
been- assegaied at - McQuezles
Kraal. The kraal was sacked and
burned and the chief's sons cap
tured. Numerous bands are march-
Ing " about— natives and Swazis —
And marauding in every direction.
This correspondent found McQue
zie's son in charge of two natives,
who admitted the killing of the
chief, but said they had followed
the orders of the Swazi Queen.
MASERU, Basutoland, Thursday,
April s.— The reoccupation of Lady
brand, Thaba Nchu and the Bloem
fontein waterworks by the Boers,
in the very. sight of the Basutos,
who recently witnessed the expul
sion of the Boers by the British, Is
far the most important aspect- of
the situation' here." Already the na
tives are arguing that the British
have suffered reverses, and should
the British evacuate Wepener, the
results, so far as the natives are
concerned, are likely to prove disas
trous. All hope. to see General Bra
bant steadily- advance, and drive
the enemy before him.
of or unwilling to do their duty. Many
rifled the belongings of passengers and
treated the . passengers themselves with
scant consideration. The Cape Times de
mands their detention and a searching
investigation." _. .. ', T
THIRTY BOERS ESCAPE
FROM BRITISH PRISON
SIMONTOWN. Cape Town, April 7.— lt
now appears that no fewer than thirty
Boers escaped from the old camp last
evening. '. Nine have '- since been recap
tured. The prisoners effected their escape
by cutting a fence under the sentry bridge
while the sentry was above. A driver of
a sanitary cart was offered £200 to carry
off the prisoners. A new tunnel has been
discovered in the i direction opposite the
former one. It had been completed to
within five feet of the point for a. break.
Many Frenchmen Captured.
BOSHOF, Orange Free: State, Friday,
April : 6.— The prisoners captured by the
British and brought In. to-day include
irianyV Frenchmen. They "present a wet
and ' bedraggled appearance. Lord Meth
uen,has complimented his men on. their
behavior. = Captains Boyle and Williams
of the Yeomanry and General de Villebois
Mareuil were buried ¦ to-day with military
honors.- . . - . : .
RUMORS OF FURTHER
BRITISH DISASTERS
Activity of the Federal Forces Around
Bloemfontein Gives London Cause for
Increasing Anxiety.
Burghers Sally From Bloemfon
tein Waterworks and Attack
British Pickets Within Eight
Miles of Free State Capital.
*
Large Force Appears to the South of
the City and Threatens an Assault
Upon the Invaders' Line of Com
munication.
BLOEMFONTEIN, Saturday, April 7. — The
Boers are reported in force to the south,
threatening the railroad, which, however, is
strongly protected. British pickets at Spring
field, eight miles distant, were attacked to-day
by Boers advancing from the waterworks. Re
mounts are rap dly arriving. Tne British are in
high spirits and anxious to advance.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by
the New York Herald Company.
LfDNDON, April 3.— General Brabant's column at Wepener, on the Basuto
border. Is threatened by a Boer force, and he has been summoned to surren
der.
Bcwr activity continues, and this morning's dispatches Indicate that the
burghers are advancing around Bloemfontein. threatening the railway line,
ar.d that Boer commandos are on the move in all directions. In the
southeastern district farmers who lately made submission are everywhere
bringing out hidden Mausers and rejoining the Boor ranks. The British force
at Rouxville has fallen back to Aliwal North, owing to a superior force. The
Boer? Ftlll hang on at Ladybrar.d and have advanced within eight miles of
Bloemfontein on tne east. It seems that all these are different parties from
those who managed to squeeze past between Lord Roberts and the Basuto
frontier, these last being reported to have reached Kroonstad 6000 strong with
guns and JOT with wagons, after a journey of three weeks.
Simultaneously with these Boer moves in the Free State comes a report of
burghers in Natal b^ing reinforced through passes, presumably the western
passes, with transport and guns. This may turn out to mean that, the passes
having now been strengthened, the Bo^rs are able to spare men to help the com
mandos in EiggarFberg in making an attack via Helpmaaker, or as another tel
egram suggests, on General Buller ana Southeast Natal.
In the meantime Lord Roberts cannot move in force, owing to his lack of
horses and warm clothing. Want of the latter, says the dispatch, is respon
eible for an outbreak of pneumonia amonp tne troops.
A message from Mafeking brings down the ctcry of the siege to April 1. It
shows that the garrison was in sore straits, for food, while its bread grows
blacker and its rations become smaller every day.
The tendency to exaggerate the British and minimize the Boer successes,
which »sm Hr-Mi very-*videm from the rtart of thr- war In the work of correspond
ents and the censor, has never been more plainly shown than by descriptions
n.i\A official reports of the engagement near Boshof and that near Reddersburg.
A great splurge is still being made over the Boshof affair, where the odds were
about 6 to 1 in favor of the British, but It is not easy to get complete informa
tion about the other affair, in which the boot was on the other leg. In the first
the Boers lost every man, some sixty. In the second, three companies of the
Irish Rifles, two mounted companies of the Second Northumberland Fusiliers —
nearly CO — were wiped out of the British effective list by a force five or six times
as strong. All we can learn is from wounded Boers allowed to return. An
Impartial observer might remark that British generals think it much more im
portant to capture sixty Boers than to lose six hundred British.
A remarkable statement, which, if true, reflects most seriously upon the In
telligence and capability of British officers, is contained In a report from Gen
eral De Wet to Pretoria regarding his attack on General Broadwood's column at
Koomspruit. He says that the Boers found the British camp slumbering peace
fully without a sentinel or outpost to give the alarm. This, be it remembered,
was on a night following a day's hasty retreating, during which several rear
guard actions were fought.
Sergeant Patrick Campbell, husband of the well-known and popular actress,
was among the killed in the fight at Boshof. The War Office has issued a list of
killed and wounded non-commissioned officers and men on Thursday. Nine were
¦wounded and only one killed. That one killed was a sergeant, Patrick Campbell,
ihe news reaching London when the curtain was falling at the Royalty Theater,
where the talented actress is now drawing all the town by her grand performance
of "Magda." The corps to which Sergeant Campbell belonged was inspected by
the Prince of Wales at Albany-street barracks shortly oefore the men left for
South Africa, and Sergeant Campbell was singled out for presentation to his
Royal Highness, a distinction which was conferred on him alone among the rank
and file. - - ¦
AMERICAN COWBOYS WITH THE BOERS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NETT YORK. April B.— The Sun has the following from Pretoria, dated April
B: A local factory has completed 1000 bayonets for the use of the commando un
<lrr Colonel de Villebois Mareuil. and the legion composed mainly of French
men. Germans. Hollanders and Italians. A section of this legion is made up of
American Bcouts. Included among whom are many cowboys. Since this dis
patch Colonel de Villebois Mareuil has been killed.
Four hundred and fifty prisoners arrived here to-day. One hundred and fifty
•wounded prisoners are «>n route to this city, he wounded captives are sent to
the hospital as soon as they arrive.
The British troops that took part in the fighting at Kom Spruit on Saturday,
March SI, when the Boers ambushed and captured a British convoy and almost
fi-U the guns belonging to two batteries, were Roberts Horse, a detachment of
infantry mounted on Burmese ponies; the Tenth Hussars and the Royal Horse
Artillery.
ROYAL IRISH RIFLES FOUGHT BRAVELY.
BLOEMFONTEIN. April 5 (delayed in transmission).— The Royal Irish Rifles
had been marching in the eastern part* of the Free State collecting "arms and were
returning to Brthany on Tuesday when they were intercepted by a Boer com
mando, which had placed three guns in position. The Irish intrenched them
*«>lv«»s while the mounted Infantry scouted along both flanks, only to find escape
impossible. The Borrs opened with gun and rine fire. The British replied spar
ingly with rifle fire, husbanding their cartridges In the hope that hHp would arrive
Gradually the Boers drew into closer quarters. Th^y fired intermittently dur
ing Tnurr.day night, but did not attempt to rush the British position until Wed
nesday, when the Irishmen, who had fought tenaciously, were suffering severely
from want of food and water. By this time. also, the Rifles had expended their
last cartridge. Finding that there was no sign of succor they surrendered havinir
Tought for nearly thirty hours. They lost ten killed and many wounded '
Among the captured is Captain Tennant, General Gatacre's chief intelligence
BOERS SHOOT A FREE STATE TRAITOR.
BLOEMFONTEIN. April 6-The Ninth Division, under General Colvlll*
marched Wednesday In the direction of Reitfontein, but arrived too' lato to !n«
iwrso a gathering of Boer leaders, who had c-sembled there for conference £if«
division returned here to-day. nce# lfte
The Boers have shot a Free State burghei named McCasklll. who was om
¦ployed by the British as conductor of the wagons which the Boers captured nt
:he Bloemfontein water works. "... ¦_<¦ M rea al
General Gatare has retired to Bethany, on orders from headquarters to e-iiarH
the railway. • lv Kuara
RETREAT FROM ROUXVILLE ACCOMPLISHED.
ALIWAL NORTH, Saturday. April 7.— That portion of the Royal Irish Rifles
which has been falling back from Rouxville arrived here safely last night
Their retirement wae covered by a detachment sent by General Brabant, frustrat
ing the Boers and Interrupting the movement of the enemy from Rouxvillo
. Lieutenant Bonzy and two men of Brabant's detachment of the Border Hors/
are missing. Two Boers were killed in the rear guard action. A strong Boer
commando is reported to be at Walsekop, fourteen miles west of Rouxville
BOER REPORT OF
RECENT VICTORIES
PRETORIA. Friday. April t>. via Lou
renzo Marques.— lt la reported that Gen
eral DeWet attacked and defeated a large
¦force of British cavalry at Dewrtsdorp.
southeast of Bloemfontein. capturing X.A
prisoners and a large quantity of ammu
nition and camp stores ami inflicting
heavy los 3. The federal force was twi>
killed and four wounded. All is quiet with
the other commandos.
It is officially announced here that at
the Bloemfontein waterworks the repub
lican forces captured eleven officers ami
3&J men. with eleven guns, two ammuni
tion wagons, other wagons and mules.
Brother of Steyn Taken.
BLOEMFONTEIN. Saturday. April 7.—
Another of Mr. Steyn's brothers wa» cap
tured near Karee siding yesterday and
Arrived here to-day*
NEW YORK. April s.— A thrilling
story of the alleged massacre of
Filipino prisoners by American
soldiers is told for the first time
in a letter written by a Brooklyn
boy, - Corporal . Leonard Mygatt.
serving in the Philippines with the Twen
ty-third Regiment, of Regular Infantry.
According to Mygatfs story, to- avenge
the murder of their comrades, thirty men
of Mygatt's company led unarmed Filipi
nos into a jungle ' and fired volley after
volfey into them, until all of the brown
skinned captives lay dead.
• Mygatt's graphic account of the slaugh
ter of prisoners is full of horrible details.
He was, he says, an actor in the great
tragedy from beginning. to end. and in a
letter to his sister, Mrs. Harry A. Pow
ell of Brooklyn he has told everything
just as he saw and experienced It.
. Undoubtedly the killing of the prison
ers will lead to a thorough Investigation
by the War Department. Several times
before there have come from the Philip
pines whispers of the shooting or bayon
eting of Tagal prisoners, but this is the
first time a thoroughly reliable man has
given above his own signature details of
such a horrible act.
Not OnD Wa3 Spared.
"Do not let one escape," was the order
from Mygatfs captain; and, Mygatt. in
his letter, says not one escaped.
Though Mygatt does not name the cap
tain who gave the orders, it is supposed
he refers to Captain Cloman of the
Twenty-third Regiment, as he was with
Captain Cloman's company.
While Mygatt and four companions were
out in the interior on an exploring expe
dition they were attacked by treacherous
natives, whom they were entertaining.
One of Mygatt's companions was mur
dered outright, another so severely wound
ed be died a few hours later and two
others almost fatally wounded. Mygatt
was the only one who escaped unharmed.
According to his story he put his
wounded, dead and dying comrades Into
an open boat and sailed with them thirty
five miles to the outpost at Bongas. where
the company was stationed. As soon as
Mygatt reported the outrage, he says, the
captain gathered up a detail of forty men
and started for Balamblng, where the na
tives had attacked the little party of
Americans. On the way to Balamblng the
captain.- according to Mygatt, gave him
these unmistakable orders:
"Corporal, if I am hurt so I cannot give
the command I want you to understand
that not a House is to be left standing, and
not a Moro alive."
Arriving at Balambing the ' Americans
corralled every male Moro. the total num
ber of prisoner^ taken being over 200, all
grown men.
The captain elicited confessions^ from
the. prisoners who had assisted In the at
tack upon Mygatt and his comrades. The
next "morning all men who had aided in
the treacherous assault were'killed under
orders from the captain, who, according
to Myeatt, said'
LONDON", April 0, 4:40 a. m.— When
it is borne In mind that all the dis
patches from the front are severe
ly censored, thfre is little in the
news to bring satisfaction to Eng
land. Assurances that nothing need be
feared, even if the railway and telegraphs
are rut and Bloemfontein isolated, to
gether with the news that the ladled and
other civilians are being ordered away,
do not augur well.
There are rumors from Cape Town that
the telegraph wires were already cut yes
terday (Sunday) and also that the Hus
sars who were sent to the relief of the
Royal Irish Rifles are also missing, al
though probably these are the outcome
of Boer exaggerations designed to en
courage the burghers.
The attempt of General Colville to catch
the Boer leaders in conference at Reitfon
tein failed, probably, as usual, because of
the lack of cavalry.
The result of these serious checks to
the British arms is that the whole Fre«
State is up again and that the Boers are
full of activity over the entire, field. A
belated Boer dispatch nays that bayonets
were made for the foreign legion under
the late General de Villebois Mareuil. The
Boers are boasting that the Colesbcrg and
Stormberg commandos, .numbering 6000,
with ten' cannon and 750 wagons, have got
safely through, thus performing a "mag
nificent strategic feat."
British' Surprised While Asleep.
A Boer account of the Bloemfontein
waterworks affair says: "Colonel Broad
wood evacuated Thaba Nchu owing to the
advance of Commandant Olivier from the
south. The ¦Federal troops found the
British camp in peaceful slumber, with
out a sentinel or an outpost to give the
alarm. General 'de Wet . immediately
placed guns and the commandos in such
positions as to surround the British, who
did not have 'time to recover from their
surprise." • •
The Cape Town correspondent of the
Times, discussing the affair, says: "All
the details only serve to bring out clearly
the marvelous cleverness of the Boers, no
loss than the marvelous carelessness and
improvidence of the British officers,
whom, it would seem, no series of disas
ters will ever teach to keep wide awake.
The Boers in Colonel' Broadwood's - rear
drove -his force into the party at the
drift exactly as partridges are driven to
a net.' At the drift itself, as each wagon
descended the hollow, it was shown which
way to drive,- so as not to block the con
voy. When the guns arrived the trap was
all clear again for their reception. As
one who was present said: 'It was like
a cloakroom. The Boers- politely took
your rifle and asked. you to kindly stand
to one side. There was nothing else for
you to' do.' " ;
The American scout' Burnham testified
to the terrific pace with which the Boer
commandos .cover the ground and the
ease with which they mofc'e- their guns.
The; Bloemfontein correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph, in a dispatch dated' Fr
iday". says : "All is quiet here. ¦ . Remounts
and reinforcements are arriving and prep
arations are being made to deal .with the
TELLS OF A MASSACRE
OF CAPTIVE FILIPINOS
Story of Horrible Barbarity Contained in
a Letter From a Corporal in the
Regular Army.
Special Dispatch to the Jail.
HURRYING THE BALLOON OUT OR RANGE.
Z~<"" T t e th bove i plc , ture> tt im f™ n \tte Sphere. (4«plet4 a unique* incident Ja the/ballle of Vaal Krantz. Members of a British military balloon corps .had established themselves in a favorable position and
t.e tlde°of ba'ttlP «.r2!Tth J ' thewelMethered aerial steed to carry the observers to a height from which they could safely observe the positions and movements of the Boer^ Suddenly
gowhere tS T, % wrong way, and they found themselves exposed to a hot fire from the enemy's guns, with great . danger . of having their reel wagon destroyed and the balloon loosed to
go where It would. No time was to be lost, and whipping- up their horses and reeling in as they went. "they* galloped the whole affair out of danger. ' , , «»"««» iiwaeu io
BOER CORDON DRAWN CLOSER
AROUND LORD ROBERTS' ARMY
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 140.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1900.
The San Francisco CallMeans -unusual danger, because it makes
one especially susceptible to attacks of the
grip, severe colds and influenza. Offen-
sive discharge from the nose, bad breath, /
stuffed-up feelings, cough and sneezing,
r|ringing noises, watery eyes, headache and
pain in the back are symptoms to be
heeded. With Hood's SarsapariUa to pu-
_ rify your blood, build up your strength
and sharpen your appetite, and Hood's
Pills to remove natural waste, all ca-
tarrhal symptoms will be cured, colds and
fevers prevented, all blood humors and .
tired feelings overcome, and you will be
Pic perfect condition for Spring and Sum-
mer. Get Hood's— the best Spring Medicine.
AUSTIN. Texas. April B.— Fully 30.000
people gathered at the dam and power
house stationed north of this city to view
the ruins of the plant, which cost this city
one and three-quarter millions of dollars
a few years ago. The waters of the Colo
rado River were still plunging and foam
ing around the wreck, eating away the
big pile of granite which once formed the
dam, as though it were nothing more
than chalk rock. So fierce was the cur
rent that great bowlders were carried half
a mile from the dam, being rolled over
and over by the turbulent tides.
The power-house, which succumbed to
the terrific force of the water at 2 o'clock
this morning, lies a mass of wreckage on
the edge of the river, all the valuable ma
chinery either having been thrown' into
the river or badly damaged by the fall-
Ing timbers of the power-house. The
wreck of the plant is complete.
City's Health Menaced;
The situation in the city to-night is most
serious. The wreckage of the plant means
that it will take several .weeks to secure
even a temporary water and light system,
if it can be made possible even then. In
the meantime the city will be In a bad
sanitary condition. All the hotels, private
residences, stores and the like are without
water ana there Is no fire protection.
Churches were unable to hold services to
night for want of light, and all public
meetings were abandoned. The daily
newspapers are handicaped In their pub
lications, being deprived of their electric
power.
The river Is falling to-night. Reports
from the neighboring country are to the
effect that everything Is under water. | In
Williamson County, morth of here, rail
road bridges and trackage have been laid
waste and all trains have stopped run
ning. Hundreds of head of cattle have
been drowned and miles of fencing torn
down and dashed away. In Bastrop Cqun
ty and in the southern portion of this
county similar conditions prevail, every
thing being under water and much loss
of property is reported. The country trib
utary to the Colorado River, all the' way
down its course. Is being inundated," and
while it is believed the worst is over the
loss as estimated to-night will exceed
$3,000,000, counting Austin as the largest
loser. Fortunately the list- of drowned,
according to reports up to to-night, is lim
ited to those reported In the Associated
Press dispatches last night, as it seems
the only drowning^ reported were here
when the dam broke and caught the vic
tims unaware.
A mass meeting of citizens has been
called for to-morrow In order that some
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet* All
6rurelsts refund the money If it falls to cure
E. W. Grove** «l*nature U on each box. 25c
steps may be taken to relieve the situa
tion.
There were no trains operated on the
International and Great Northern Rail
road, as much of its track and quite a
number of bridges were washed away
during last night. The Missouri, Kansas
and Texas is also a heavy sufferer from a
like cause.
Bivers Now Receding.
HOUSTON, Texas, April B.— As a rule
the Texas rivers are now falling and
there Is not much danger of a general
flood. The crops have been damaged over
a wide area, but there is still time for
farmers to replant if they can get the
seed. Corn has been planted over once
and will have to be planted the third
time. The farmers as a rule have not
planted much cotton because the heavy
rains have kept them out of the fields.
The railroads have lost many small
bridges and it will be a week before traf
fic resumes its normal condition. Smith
vllle reports tremendous rains have fallen
throughout that section, and the main
flood in the Colorado from the great break
in the Austin dam reaching there this
evening. The river was .on a thirty-eight
foot rise at 7 o'clock and rising one foot
an hour. It Is estimated that over 5000
acres of growing crops In the bottom
lands within five miles of town have been
Inundated by from ten to fifteen feet. Tho
loss will reach $50,000. Much stock has
been drowned. No deaths have been re
ported in that section so far from drown
ing. Great excitement and uneasiness
prevailed last night.
Cameron reports the flood In Little
River now equals that of last July. The
waterworks and power house have been
overflowed. People were warned and no
loss of life Is reported.
Brushy, San Gabriel andj Little rivers
are all overflowed, causing the entire de
struction of crops. The rivers are still
rising. Reports from points on other riv
ers are of damage to crops, but no loss of
life.
Immigrants Suffer.
SAN ANTONIO, Texas, April B.— A par
ty of tw*nty-fivs tourists en route to Cal
ifornia and a party of twenty-live Tyrol
immigrants en route to the Hawaiian Isl
ands to work on the sugar plantations,
who were caught by the storm on the
Southern Pacific Railroad west of Devils
River last Thursday, got back to San An
tonio to-day and were sent around by way
of Fort Worth and the Texas Pacific.
After the storm the tourists found them
selves in. a wild country, with six wash
outs between them and San Antonio and
nine washouts and missing bridges be
tween them and El Paso. The Eastern
tourists had the roughing it which they
did not bargain for. The 'damage to the
Southerin Pacific Is estimated at several
hundred thousand dollars.
LAREDO, Texas. April B.— The north
bound passenger train which left here
over the International and Great Northern
Railway this morning was wrecked by
the' spreading of the rails near Twohig
about noon. The entire train except the
engine went: into the ditch. Mall Agent
beoright was severely injured and sev
eral others seriously hurt. Further de
tails have not been received here.
• The Rio Grande has come to a stand at
twenty-six feet,, without damage to the
bridges here, but the waterworks machin
ery is submerged and the crops along the
river have been destroyed.
HOUSTON, Tex., April B.— Basterop re
ports many families of the town are en
camped out -under, the pavilion at Fire
man s Park,, while others. are ready at a
moment s warning to ilee.to 'the hills
The water is at a standstill at a height
of. over ; forty-three feet. Basterop is lit
erally hemmed- in. by water, now, and la
cut ore from the surrounding communities
Damage to crops, lands and stock cannoi.
be estimated, but no lives are reported
lost.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., April B.— A spe
cial to the Express from Rio Grande City
announces the total destruction of the
corn crop In the lower Rio Grande bot
tom lands. Officials of the International
& Great Northern Railroad report that
all trains will be running on good time
by morning. The Aransas Pass Railroad
has resumed Its passenger service.
BOER POSITION SHELLED
AND GUNS SILENCED
WARRENTON, April 7.— Last evening
the British shelled Fourteen Streams,
which was occupied by a force of Boers.
This morning the Boers placed in position
a big gun, which they fired ineffectively.
A fusillade of Mausers followed at inter
vals throughout the day. The British
dropped thirty-seven lyddite and shrapnel
shells into the Boer position, finally silenc
ing the enemy's fire and driving off the
snipers.
MURDER AND ROBBERY
DONE BY MASKED MEN
Bind Three Women, Having Previ
ously Killed a Young Man Who
Sought to Protect Them.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. April B.— A Bpeclal
to the Ohio State Journal from Barnes
ville, Ohio, says: Last night two masked
men entered the house of Mrs. James
Warrack. an aged widow, nve miles south
of this place. Living with Mrs. Warrack
were her granddaughter, another young
lady and her grandson, Clarence War
rack. The women were terrified when
awakened by the threats of the Intruders,
but young Warrack, on hearing the men,
ordered them to leave. A scuffle resulted,
in which Warrack was shot and killed.
The burglars then bound the three women
and ransacked the house, but secured only
six cents in money. It was daylight be
fore one of the women freed herself and
gave the alarm. Bloodhounds will be
placed on the trail of the murderers.
Will Appeal Jack's Case.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY. April B.— The Board of
Trustees of the city of Monterey passed a
resolution authorizing an -appeal to the
Supreme Court of the case of the city vs.
David Jacks, involving about 30,000 acres
of land known as tho Monterey pueblo
lands. The suit has been pending for a
number of years and a decision in favor
of the defendant, David Jacks, was re
cently handed down by Judge Dorn of the
Monterey County Superior Court. The
land in Question is chiefly in and about
Monterey City and is said to be worth
between 1500,000 and JtfOO.OOO.
AUTHORITIES
AGAIN CLASH
IN KENTUCKY
Special Policeman Shoots a
Deputy Sheriff at
Middlesboro.
Former Is Himself Killed by an Un
known lian and a Warrant Is
Issued for the Chief of
Police.
»
MIDDLESBORO. Ky., April B.— Much
excitement prevails here over a clash of
the authorities last night. William Mos
ley, a special policeman, shot Charles Ce
cil, a deputy sheriff, and was himself later
killed Ly unknown persons. Warrants
have been sworn out for the arrest of
Chief of Police King, John A. Mosley, a
brother of the man killed, and Will Sul
livan.
The latter two, who were extra police
men, went with Chief of Police King to
arrest a negro who had been released by
the City Judg«.
The fight is the outcome of the bitter
feeling that has existed here between two
factions, and the end is difficult to predict.
The situation is alarming to -night.
FRANKFORT. Ky., April S.— The Grand
Jury will continue the investigation
of the Goebd assassination during
the week. About forty witnesses have
been examined so far and it is said that
there are more than that number on the
list summoned who have not yet been
heard from. No report is expected before
the latter part of the week. It is said that
the names of several of the most import
ant witnesses who have testified so far
have not been disclosed, and the evidence
has been Jealously guarded.
The habeas corpus proceedings In the
case of "Tallow Dick" Combs, the color
ed suspect, is set for hearing before Judge
Cantrlll Tuesday, but it Is not expected
that anything will be brought out in this
which will throw any light on the mys
tery surrounding: the assassination.
SITUATION IN AUSTIN
GROWS MORE SERIOUS
Water Plant Having Been Demolished by the
Recent Flood, the City Will Soon
Become Unsanitary.
Death of A. D. Tower.
NEVADA CITY. April B.— A. D. Tower,
who died this afternoon of typhoid fever,
at the ag» of 6S, was the oldest continu
ous employe of Wells. Fargo & Co. on
the coast. S. D. Brastow, superintendent
of the western division, went to work for
the company a week before Mr. Tower in
1"*52. but afterward quit for awhile. Mr.
Tower was the first messenger to work
for the company, running on steamers
between San Francisco and Sacramento
from ISS2 to 1557. In the latter year ho
came to Nevada City and took charge of
the company's office here, which he haa
ever since managed. He leaves a widow
son and daughter. The funeral wtll be
held \\ ednesday afternoon under the aus
pices of the Masons and the Volunteer
*ire Department, of which th© deceased
was an exempt member.
Quaker Evangelist Dead.
PAWTUCKET. R. 1., April 8.-^John
Wright Dean of Washington. D. C. well
known throughout the United States as
"the Quaker evangelist," died here- to-day
of pneumonia, aged 70 years.
EVANGELIST JOLY IS
ARRESTED FOR THEFT
When Taken Into Custody In Hit
Pockets Were Found a Big Re
volver and a Knife.
MONTREAL. Aprl B.— Evangelist Joly,
painter and decorator, was arrested her©
yesterday, charged, with being implicated
in three mysterious burglaries committed
at the station of the Canadian Pacific
Railway at Jolllette, Quebec. The first
burglary took place in 1&06. when JSuoO
was taken from the safe. A year later
$3C«O was "stolen and the station building
burned. In August. IS&>, the station was
robbed a third time and STouO was stolen.
Not a clew was left behind, but in the
money stolen in the third burglary there
was a bundle of Dominion $1 notes which
had come straight from the Receiver Gen
eraJ. and of which the numbers had been
preserved. A circular was sent out giv
ing these numbers and a clew finally
found, which resulted in Joly's arrest. The
officers claim to have found incriminating
evidence. Joly's residence was found well
equipped with revolvers and a rifle, while
In his pockets was another big revolver
and a knife.
GUILTY WIFE
TAKES A DOSE
OF POISON
Mrs. Reid of Willits, Stung
by Remorse, Attempts
Suicide.
Husband Comes Home Unexpectedly
and Finding Another Man in the
House Shoots at Him
Three Times.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LAYTONVILLE, April B.— News was re
ceived here to-night from Wlllits of the
attempted suicide of Mrs. Reid, wife of a
merchant of that place.
Mumm Reid, a druggist of Wlllits, ar
rived here unexpectedly this afternoon
and discovered Louis Felton, a merchant,
in his home. Reid drew a revolver and
fired three times at Felton. Felton fled at
the first shot and escaped Injury.
The guilty wife threatened to commit
suicide and her husband defied her to do
so. She became desperate, seized a bot
tle of carbolic acid, emptied its contents
into a glass and swallowed the poison.
Her condition is reported as critical and
faint hopes are entertained of her recov
ery.
Reid is the proprietor of the only drug
store In Willlts and Is also Town Mar
shal. His duties as an officer frequently
took him away from home and during his
absence his would ¦- — ould attend to the busi
ness of the establishment.
It 13 presumed that while Reid was
away she became enamored of Felton,
who reciprocated the illicit affection.
Reid evidently suspected the condition of
affairs, and it Is believed he returned at
an unusual hour with the .expectation of
finding another man in his house.
In all probability when Reid again meets
Felton he will make another attempt to
kill him. Much sympathy Is felt for Reid,
who Is very popular In the community.
Felton Is a member of the general mer
chandise firm of Wllllts * Felton, and has
always borne a good reputation-
GOES AS AN ADMIRAL,
NOT AS A POLITICIAN
Dewey Agrees to the Plans of Chicagoans
for the Demonstration in His
Special Dispatch to the Call.
> WASHINGTON, April B.— lt Is reported on good authority to-niyht that
• Mrs Dewoy will «oon Join the Episcopal church. Arrangements are now in
> progress for her confirmation at St. Johns church by Rev. Dr. Mackay Smith.
* Some years ago Mrs. Dewey was converted to Catholicism by Archbishop
* Kean, at that time rector of the Catholic University, and was confirmed by
I him. ' Since then she has been a member of Father Mackin's church, and was
. married by Father Mackln, but she has not been a constant attendant at ser
> vices within recent years. Before his marriage, when in Washington. Ad
• miral Dewey attended St. Johns church.
CALL HBADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTKL, WASHINGTON, April B.—
iW. B. Conkey and J. M. Glenn, members
of the committee of arrangements for the
Dewey celebration In Chicago on May 1,
arrived here this afternoon to present the
compliments of the .city of Chicago and
explain to the admiral the details of the
programme arranged for his visit to Chi
cago.
The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com
pany has placed a epecial train, consist
ing of three of its finest cars and one of
its most powerful engines, at the disposal
of the admiral. The train will leave here
early on Monday, April 30, and reach
Chicago early May L It has been de
cided that the party will consist of Ad
miral and Mrs. Dewey, Lieutenant Cald
well, Lieutenant Crawford, Ah Mah, the
admiral's Chinese servant, and Mrs. Dew
ey's maid, besides an escort of a party of
Chicagoans.
The railroad company offered to change
the schedule of the train that it might
pass through Ohio and Indiana during
the day time, so as to give the admiral a
chance to show himself to the people en
route if he desired to further his Presi
dential aspirations. It is said the offer
also included a promise to have a large
crowd on hand at each station, so as to
let the admiral feel the pulse of the peo
ple and make a few short speeches if he
wished.
Admiral Dewey declined positively to
listen to this proposal and said emphati
cally he was groin? to Chicago as admiral
of the navy— not as a politician.
Will Bet on De-wey.
2TEVT YORK. April S.— Admiral DaweT*s
candidacy for the Presidential nomination
has brought ante-convention betting: to a
standstill and gamblers who wager on
elections, not from a standpoint of Indi
vidual sentiment, but purely from a busi
ness point of view, are not making any
offers of odda on any of those wno have
been named aa likely candidates.
"Joe" Vendlg. who several weeks a*po
offered that if McKinley and Bryan were
candidates he would bet $10,000 against
HOOO on McKinley's election, says that if
Dewey succeeds In winning the nomina
tion he will only offer even money
1 and will take the Dewey end of the
bet. Vendlg has been a heavy bettor In all
national and State elections and has also
handled and placed money for some of the
heaviest election bettors In the country.
"I figure President McKinley at 5 to 1
as against Bryan." said John R. Con
sldlne to-night, "and was ready to wager
my money at those odds, but with Ad
miral Dewey In the field things appear In
a very different light and I shall hold off
and do no betting until after tho conven
tions. Then If Dewey Is nominated I
shall wager my money on him, for he Is
the logical winner. A well established
war record la the strongest qualification
a candidate can carry In the field of poli
tics and Dewey certainly has a strong 1
one. He will be the natural favorite In
the betting. I think, as things look to-day.
I do not think there will he much bet tins
until after tho conventions."
WEBSTER DAVIS ACCUSES
BRITISH OF BARBARITY
Declares They Ignore the White Flag and
Do Not Give Decent Burial to .
Their Dead.
WASHINGTON. April B.— An Im
mense audience gathered at the
Grand Opera-house -to-night to
listen to an address on the war
In South Africa by the Hon.
"Webster Davis, ex-Assistant Secretary of
the Interior, who has Just returned to the
United States from that country. Every
available bit of standing room In the op
era-house, the largest auditorium in
Washington, was filled with auditors, who
paid close attention to every word uttered
by the epeaker and manifested their ap
preciation of his telling points with fre
quent and generous applause. Simple
decorations of the United State 3 flag, and
the red. white and black bars, with the
field of gTeen. the emblem of the Boers,
were suspended over the stage.
A score or more of public men. mainly
Senators and Representatives in Congress,
occupied peats on the stage and in the au
dience. Among them were the following:
Senators Daniel, Teller, Bacon, Allen and
Mason and Representatives Talbcrt. Jett.
Llttlefield, Ridgley. Robinson of Indiana.
Burk of Texas. Ball. Gilbert. Latimer,
Cox of Tennessee. Cowherd. Clark of Mis
souri, Barthold and Shafroth.
Mr. Davis was introduced by P. T.
Moran, the chairman of the executive
committee, who made a few introductory
remarks. Mr. Davis delivered his address
In an offhand, easy Ftyle, referring to his
rotes only occasionally, and mainly when
it was necessary to read an extract from
pome document or epeech. He spoke for
about two hours and at its close was
warmly congratulated. Said he:
The Boers of South Africa are among the
pioneer* of freedom— heroes of civii and reli
gious liberty. They were the torxhbearers who
blared the pathway for civilization through the ;
primeval forests of the southern part of that ,
great "Dark Continent" which has been the :
marvel of the ages. No country in all the i
world -contains a nobler ra*>? of men and '
women. It was and is their unconquerable love i
for liberty that ha» caused all their troubles.
Great Britain's Crime
Mr. Davis entereu upon an eiuausnvc
review of the relations between the Boers
and the British Government from the
?ne of the absorption of Cape Colony to
ihc present. England's acquisition of the
diamond fields at jvimberley Mr. Davis
characterized as a transaction without a
parallel "for cupidity, dishonor and in
justice." lie continued:
It was after the discovery of gold in the
Transvaal that the British Government deter
mined to peek a pretext for obtaining control
of the richest gold :.. :J> in the world, as it
had before secured the richest diamond fields.
That this is the reel cause for the present
war no one can doubt who will but listen to
the frequent remark made by Englishmen In
South Afrtca. as wtil as in England, that "the
gold mine* in the Transvaal are worth fight
ing for and we are going to keep on fighting
ur.til we get th*rn."
No fliir.fcier pretext for robbery and murder
ever emanated from the wickedest Cabinet In
Eurc;-«* in its palmiest days than the British
derr.and for a five years* franchise in the South
African Republic. If this demand were granted
not an Englishman In the Transvaal would
renounce allegiance to the Queen and swear
*-temaJ allegiance to the Government Of the
South African Republic as against the British
Government. The idea was to obtain the power
to control the Government of the republic aid
at the same time remain British subjects. For
the Br»ers to comply with the demands of the
Britlrh Government would have meant the sac
rifice of every vestige of essential so\ - er«*lgnty
belonging to the Transvaal as an Independent
rercbllc.
The Boers ha\-e been greatly abused by the
British bfcauFe It 1* alleged they began the
war. In other words, the Boers were too
harty: they would not wait until all the Brit
ish troope had arrived in South Africa. "Who
ever heard of such nonsense?. That great civ
ilred nation of <ro.ooo.fiOo of people Is com
rilainirg bfcauEe the people of the two little
republics, who do not number, all told, more
than 2Jd.000 people. -Including men women
and children. Insisted upon issuing their ulti
matum ard then proceeded to give battle before
the BritiFh hosts should arrive; while on the
Boer side, all told, there were not more than
H.COI rr.«-n. and these had but a few Inferior
cannon ar.4 r.o bayonets or swords at all. Prac
tically the only arras they had were Mauser
riSe..
British Ignore White Flag
we have ««»*>n many charges made by Brit
i«=h officers ar.3 British newpjjar-er correspond
ents that the Boers have frequently outraged
the white flag and the Red Cross flag. Upon
investigation, not only among the Boers them
relves. but among the 4000 British prisoners.
\ including the officers, who were at Pretoria
! when we were there, we learned that these
) charges were absolutely unfounded. On the
I contrary, we did learn that this was a set-up
I Job to deceive- not only the people of Great
Britain at home, but to deceive the peoples |
or other civilized countries. The truth Is—
and I defy contradiction— that the British sol
diers themselves are the parties who violated
I many of the rules of clvilired warfare and fre
! quently ignored the white flag and also the lied
! Cross flag. It was my fortune to witness some
of these scenes myself.
Mr. Davis described the storming of
Spion Kop by the Boers after the British
had occupied It. and his own visit to the
battlefield several days later.
When the fijrht began a giant Beer In the
prime and strength of manhood was seen carry
ing a small Boer flag. In a short time he fell
to rise no more. Then an old. white-haired
veteran picked up the fallen banner and. wav
ing it. urged his comrades on. With flowing
hair and flashing eyes the eld man rushed on.
but suddenly a shell laid him low. Ere the
little flag touched the ground atiarefocted lad
only 13 years <>{ age, who had been fighting in
his shirtsleeve*, leai*-d like a panther to the old
man's »ld<» and. snatching the flag from his
grandfather's nerveless hand, raised it aloft
and pushed on. A mighty ehout arose from the
Boers at- they saw that gallant deed, and with
renewed courace they made a fearful charge.
Following the flag they rushed like an ava
lanche over the-Brltlsh trenches, and Spion Kop
was won.
General Burners, the Boer commander, had
made repeated attempts to secure cessation of
artillery fire, that the dead might be burled,
but for several days without success. Kinally
General Buller accepted the Boer proposal to
bury the British dead and offered to pay the
bill.
Boers Bury Their Fallen Foes.
General Burgers regarded this reply as an in
«tult. but nevertheless concluded to bury the
Hritlsh dead. Then I visited the tcp of Spion
Kop and few there the moet horrible sight that
could be imagined. I'pon every hand were hel
mets, belts, canteens, bayonets and wearin* ap
parel scattered about, covered with clotted
blood. We taw feet and hands protmdlnjr
through the ground, all swollen, and with the
Fkln burst asunder, while the rest of the body
was covered with a thin coating of earth. The
explanation was that these poor British sol"
dlers had been burled by their comrades under
only a few inches .of dirt. In other places we
fsw scores of dead British soldiers lying on top
of the ground Ju«t where they had fallen, no
attest having been made to bury them. As
we descended from the hill we met the Boer*
Foine up to bury the British dead who had
been so sadly neglected by their own comrades
and commanders, who amuse themselves by
calling the Boers savages.
As citizens of the greatest republic In the
world, with which side should we sympathize?
I say our sympathies should go out to that
brave little band of patriots who are struggling
to keen alive forever the fires of liberty upon
the altars of those two younc republics.
At the conclusion of Mr. Davis* address
P. Lowtrr special commissioner
from the South African republics, made a
brief address. Then Chairman Moran of
fered a series of resolutions expressing:
"our deep and heartfelt sympathy for the
h^ri-iic patriots of the South African re
publics In their immortal fipht for their
homes and liberty, and our admiration of
their indomitable courage and unexampled
heroism in their wonderful struggle
apainst the British enemies of republican
povernment." commending the "Washing
ton PoFt for Its work in behalf of the
South African republics: thanking Mr.
Davis for his eloquent and masterful pre
sentations of the struggle between the
Boers and the British and tendering him
applause for his "manly course in taking
the lecture platform as a free American
citizen to pjead the cause of freedom and
republican government in South Africa,"
and assuring him that the great mass of
the American people are in sympathy with
the Boers, and that . "we denounce the
prf-ser.t British Government and its secret
rill^s in this country as wholly unworthy
of the respect of any true American citi
zen."
The resolutions met with cordial recep
tion by the audience until the final decla
ration denouncing the British Govern
ment and its secret allies In this country
was read. This was received with a storm
of hisses and cries of "No. no." Mr. Mo
ran then asked for a vote on the resolu
tions as a whole. There were a great
number of ayes and It seemed almost an
equal number of noes, and the ehairmau
declared the resolutions carried.
In his opening address Mr. Moran at
tacked the administration and was greet
ed with hisses and cries 01 "Traitor!" .
THE SA3ST FRAIS CISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1900.
THE LADY— "HOLD TIGHT, GEORGE, DEAR."
HTUP )'' OUT APRIL 15, 1900. ~™~~~~T~j
TIJ A OO J I / LJT^ . |i J6 i Egcs in v-iolprs* \
C.n.O 1 CJ\ 9 Full-Page Illustrations.
I OUINLJ/tl V v rivery rage a Perfect- Gem/
| r*A]l I Every. Story One of Human Interest*:
;|| . * v (ORDER NOW; -ORDER NOW. ORpgi ; NqW^ : I
2THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1900. '
EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE THAT WILL ENTERTAIN DELEGATES AT SAN LUIS OBISPO.
INSURGENTS
GIVE TROOPS
LITTLE PEACE
Relentless Guerrilla Warfare
Waged on the Island
of Luzon.
friendly Ainigos Murdered and Na-
tive Bands Are Constantly Har
assing the American
Garrisons.
MANILA, April &.— Reports of encoun
ters between the American and Insur
g< ::ts continue to arrive from many
point*, on Friday Captain Sturgis. while
recoaooiterias;, struck an insurgent out
j'Oft on the NevaJiches road, nve miles
distant lroin Manila, Killing two and cap
turing ten. All were in lull uniform. Ln-
Cortnnaxeiy Captain fc>tur#is* force was
not large cnougu to pursue the main body.
A detachment ot the Forty-second In
f?ntry. while scouting in L-aguna province,
was pursutd by the insurgents and
obliged to take refuge in a church at
Pairio. where tho Americans repelled the
p Dels until reinforced.
Lieutenant Gordon, with a company of
the Sixteenth Infantry, while scouting
Dear Aparn, Cagayan province, engaged
25U insurgents. Lieutenant Gordon was
wounded.
A s-^rgeant and a corporal of Company
I. Eighteenth Infantry, were killed in a
severe nght in Capiz province. Island of
i'anay.
The insurgents made a night attack
upon Caibayon, Island of Sanmr. They
Killed the sentry, swarmed into the town
fct;d searched the house of Major Gilmore
cf the Forty-third Infantry, who was ab
eent. They killed his cook. Ultimately
the Americans drove them out of the
town, killing four and capturing twelve.
General Young, commanding in North
I^uzon. has maae several requests for re
inforcements, representing that his force
is inadequate; that the men are exhausted
by the necessity of constant vigilance;
that he is unable to garrison the towns
in his jurisdiction; that the insurgents are
returning to the district and killing the
amii:os and that it is necessary' for him
to inflict punishment in several sections
before tho rainy season begins. General
James lU-11. who is commanding in South
ern J.uz"n. has made similar representa
tions. He says his forces are inadequate
and he merely holds a few towns, without
controlling the territory-
The President of Surcal. province of Ba
taar. Luzon. :».nd another prominent na
tive have been assassinated because they
were known to be friendly to the Ameri
cans. The President of another town has
join* d th«* insurgents because they had
threatened to kill nim if he did not.
CIVIL GOVERNMENT
TO BEGIN IN JULY
Special I>:spatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. April S.— The civil grov
crnmerit with the Taft Commission in su
rrome control is to supersede the present
military government in the Philippines
en July Ist. This is what the instructions
to iße new commission contemplate. The
< <;n:mission is to have plenary authority
ar.d acting under it o«e of its first acts
preliminary to, or simultaneous with the
inauguration of a general civil govern
ment, will he the issuance of a proclama
tion prantirp amnesty to all natives who
may >till i>f in insurrection on the condi
tion that they lay down their arms and
rledce their allegiance to the new gov
ernment.
it. as the administration hopes, Con
gress pu: ? s<?.= the pending Philippine bill,
¦which is to be taken up in the Senate this
week, it will be made a part of the pro
ciazaatloa in order to show that the legis
lative branch of the Government is ln full
bamos7 with the executive. Under this
proposed law all military, civil and judi
cial powers necessary to govern said isl
kzml shall, until otherwise provided by
O,nf,-ress, be vested in such person or pc-r-
Boai and shall be exercised ln such man
lier as the President of the United States
*hall din-ct for maintaining and prot'^'t
i".g the inhabitants of said islands in the
free enjoyment of their liberty, property
and relipinn."
The President has appointed the new
commission under his war power, but
v.-nuld much prefer to have this specirtc
action by Oorfrress in order to more clear
ly establish tb*> civil character of the new
government. Th^re seems little doubt
that this bill will be passed during the
present session, so that when the new
civil government is inaugurated the begin
t tag of the rew fiscal year it will be with
tb*> full sanction of Congress.
AMERICAN FORESTERS AND GRAND ARMY
MEN TO MEET AT SAN LUIS OBISPO
i| proof of the value of these suits?
X you of their good points, as our
i . guarantee goes with every suit. / ~
1 . There are two styles — single *gms^ BBBESSSa
l^ breasted sacks and double
M breasted sacks. Either of these
WM If out of town send for self measuring blank (^^^^^^^^^
Rff3 *vßssi fi^yS T&jfy Bn w\ila v v .__ w y . t j / * t^i
No More Dread of
the Dental Chair.
Teeth and filled absolutely without
r.im bf our late *ci«»ntlfic methods. No Meep-
r>r->d;jr:r.s; agents or cooair.e. These are the only
rental Parlors in Pan Franrlsco that have the
patent ar>j.:tarr<s and !r.gredientß to extract.
Oil and apply sold rrowin and porcelain
crrnrnf. un4eteetah!e from natural teeth and
warranted for ten years, without the least par-
tlrle of pain. Oo\<i crowns and teeth without
plntes. pold fillings and a!l other dental work ,
done painlessly and by upeclallsta
Gold Crowns, S3; Full Set Teeth,
S3; Rridgcwork. $5; Gold Fill- j
in£s, SI up; Silver Fi!lin£s, i>Oc.
NO PLATES Epi&a
TTe ere rr.aklnr a specialty cf gold crown and
brUire wrrk: the most beautiful, painless and
<!urat!e cf all dental work known to the pro-
fctblon. Our name alone will be a guarantee
that your work will be of the best. We have a
Fl-ee!al:st in each department. Eest operator*.
r«-*t rnld workmen tnd extractors of teeth; in
fact, all the btaff ar« Inventors of modern den-
tintry. Vt> aril] tell you ln advance exactly
•what your work will cost by free examination.
Give v* a fall and you will find we do exactly
*s we advertise.
New York Dental Parlors,
HISTORT BUILDING. 73 MARKET ST.
(Portland Office— Fourth and Morrison streets.)
Hours: 8 to S; Sundays 10 to 4.
£«-.s- OR- JORDAN'S creat^
?SBSEBB OF fIHATOMY<
6 Cfb ;::i«i£KrK.ii*..cit7sh,c.r.cd. | i
', tjf The Lxrgnt Anatomical Museum in tb»
ff _ "«/>-»- Wand. V, »;ir:nc' . rs or any contracted i 1
£ KSztIM ri*eAsep»«i«iw«-l r «.r»«nytlie©ldeU<
ft I»t3| EsL^yero. 1 I
£ 0-£*J 02. JOBDAN-PRIYATE DISEASES 4
¦ {•(rV'-'SH CosMluboß fm; and ttrictij pHrmtc \
Q / Afi~" C Trtttmert perionally nt by letter. A 4
\P ' J \i n ** - -"" t * Cm ' t ln **"7 e»»« BOdertakea. \
/i f'j WtS, V.'ntefor Book. PniLOtUPBVtf A
r 1 B I* atRBMUR, MAILED FaBS. |Af
it « cl' **'»able book for mrnj \
7 t>a Jcu:r»*> «V«« . 1051 Market St.. & F. f
lA/. X. HESS.
KOTAET ?CBLIC AND ATTO2K£T-AT-LaW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Epreckeli Bldg.
Telephone Drown S3L
Residence, i.21 California St., below PowelL
tan Francisco.
— ¦ — ¦
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect <Jlcestlon. complete absorption and
iiealtbful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Etomach
Uver. liowel». Kidneys. Bladder. Female Ir-
t*e-ularttl«^. Sick Headache. Biliousness. Con-
?ilpatlon, Pilec and all derangements of tha
Internal Viscera ?r.c a box. At Drujclsts. or
t; mail. XUDYVAY & CO., New York
GRANT OF A ROUTE
FOR ISTHMIAN CANAL
This Country to Acquire Territory
From the Governments of Costa
Rica and Nicaragua. •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April B.— An official of
the administration is authority for the
statement that arrangements have been
practically concluded with the Govern
ments of Costa Rico and Nicaragua for
the acquisition by the United States of a
strip of territory ten miles wide between
Graytown and Brito, through which the
Nicaragua canal will be constructed.
There are certain diplomatic phases of the
negotiations yet to be perfected, but It is
understood that these are rather matters
of detail than of principle.
Rear Admiral John G. Walker, presi
dent of the Isthmian Canal Commission,
sounded the Central American Govern
ments as to the action they would take
in the event of a formal proposition from
this Government looking to the acquisi
tion of the necessary territory and the an
swers he received were generally of , a
very satisfactory character.
STILES MURDERED
BY HIS COMPANIONS
Desperadoes Probably Feared That
He Would Again Cause Their
Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSOX, Ariz.. April B.— A report was
received here to-day that Alvord and
Bravo Juan, the fugitives who escaped
from the Tombstone Jail, killed Billy
Stiles, their liberator, last night. Stiles
was responsible for the arrest of Alvord
and testified against him at Tombstone
on the charge of holding up the train at
Fairbanks.
Alvord was afraid that Stiles would
again deceive him. Mrs. Alvord, wife of
the desperado, is in Tucson and It Is be
lieved that Alvord has left Bravo Juan
and is coming this way. The two posses
are still In the field and have not been
heard from directly.
Sentence Too Mild.
BERLIN, April B.— On the ground that
the punishment is too mild for the offense
Emperor William has refused to confirm
the sentence to a short imprisonment
passed upon Lieutenant Prince Prosper
Arenberg, who last year murdered a negro
in German Southwest Africa, under cir
cumstances of peculiar atrocity.
British Soldiers Arrive.
HALIFAX, N. S., April B.— Some 300 of T
fleers ami drafts of men for the British
Pacific squadron and for the garrison at
Esquimau, B. C. arrived to-night from
Liverpool and proceeded at once to the
Pacific Coast.
MELTS STEEL
AS THOUGH IT
WERE BUT WAX
Intense Heat Generated by
an Invention Tested at
New York.
German Scientist Drayfus Exhibits
His Process to Thomas Edison
With Most Successful
Results.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April B.— Think of 5100 de
grees Fahrenheit, in which a great bar of.
steel melts like wax around a candlewick.
This temperature, it was announced by
those who made the experiment on Satur
day in Thomas A. Edison's laboratory at
Orange, N. J., was generated by a new
process.
Let no layman measure the heat of the
sun at close range. The men who made
this experiment measure the intensity of
heat by the time it takes to melt a bar
of steel of given resistance.
The experiment was made In Mr. Edi
son's presence by Louis Dreyfus of
Frankfort-on-the-Main. who wished to de
monstrate to "the Wizard" the practica
bility of a process invented in Essen, Ger
many. Mr. Edison; Mr. Dreyfus, Harold
F. Brown and The Call representatives
were present. The process consists, in
brief, in the combustion of a certain
chemical compound, in connection with
powdered aluminum. Mr. DreyXus placed
in a crucible. a bar of steel six incnes in
length and half an inch in diameter,
placing around it a teacupful of his chem
ical. Pouring on this a small quantity of
powdered aluminum he touched a match
to it and in an instant it blazed up, throw
ing out an intense heat. In less than ten
seconds by the watch the steel bar was
completely melted.
Mr. Eidson was delighted at the results
and said that the process was what he
had been in search of for a long time. He
ordered a quantity of the chemical for
further experiments.
Mr. Dreyfus said that the process was
now being used in welding together steel
rails. By a simple device the chemical
and aluminum can be fed continuously at
any desired point and local application of
the heat continued as long as desired. It
was agreed by the experts that the heat
generated was 5400 degrees Fahrenheit.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
*fr& £»©."**¦
222-224 SUTTER STREET
> y
SPECIAL I
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
I Refrigerators, "Ash" . $8-25
Length. 24 feet: depth. 18: height.
Z S8 Inches. Regularly 13 50. We carry
all sizes and at all prices: also, all <'Z
the accessories, like Ice picks, etc. >£
Table Oilclotii, "The Bsst" 8
Plain, white, blue, black and gold j>
2 vein; will not crack nor break. 7?
S l l i yards wide, reg. 13c NOW 2Oc Zi
> 1% yards wide, reg. &C....N0W HOe *
I Basksts, Telescope
5 13 ln. IS,4 In. IS tn. 15 In. 20 in.
Z Reg ....31^. 35c. 4"c 55c. «sc.
> Now »5c 300 3oc 45c ."«•
\ Oriental Coffee 2 lbs 55c
X A combination of the highest blend.
> Roasted or ground fresh dally. Reg-
Z ularly 35c lb.
\ Shawl Straps, 5i feet long 20c
2 Good and strong. Reg. 23c. *
\ Walnuts . 2 Its 25c
/ Best California. Regularly 13c.
Dates, "Fard" 10c
7 Finest Imported. Regularly 15c.
\ Peaches, "fancy" 15c lb *
> Peeled and evaporated. Reg. 25c. v
\ Potato Flour 4 pk?s 25c |
t > Imported. Reguarly 10c package. J>
I Goks Dandruff Cure 85c bottle \\
X Only positive cure against dandruff. V
7 We refund money If unsuccessful. >
| Brilliants 25c bottle I
j . Colgate's. Giv<* gloss and softness >
X to the beard and hair. Reg. 35c. >
\ Goosa Breast, Imported 70c lb \
J Regularly 85c. \
\ Sonoma Riesling gal 65c \
J A fine old wine. Regularly $1 00. X
Z HnffnaP "Fleur de France." ?f QfJ I
* bUgudU, "5 stars." 91«3U ?
{ Made in 1572. Unsurpassed in bou- 2
7 quet and smoothness. Reg. J2 50. i
0. K. Bourbon Whisky 3 bots $2
I ' . gallon $3 \
* Guaranteed 7 years old. Regularly. /
5 $1 00 and M CO. i
| EXTRA SPECIAL \
THURSDAY- FRIDAY-SATURDAY.
25c-CANDY-25c
2 Finest French Mixed Candy. Fresh. J
< Regular 35c with us, but 50c with 2
2 others. 4
> Free delivery of all sized packages I
2 to Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley and J
J Frultvale. 2Z
> General Country Orders Solicited. S>
COLID f^^ifUßE
**S_QLI.D SipEOPLE.
CASH and CREDIT.
DO TOU NEED A.VT
FURNITURE, CARPETS, Etc.?
DO TOU WANT TO SAVE SOME
MONET?
HOUSES COMPLETELT FURNISHED.
Free delivery any town within 100
miles.
— OPEN EVENINGS. —
BRILLIANTS',
338-340-342 POST ST.,
Between Powell and Stockton Streets.
pffip^ WONDERFUL
RUPTURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RENOWNED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce gave to
the public the most remarkable remedy ever
discovered (or the successful treatment ot Her-
nia. or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers hava
been permanently relieved and radically CURED
by this great appliance, and thousands of other*
¦re now on the road to complete recovery. This
Truss Is different from all others. It does th*
Tou can get our "BOOKIJET No. 1" by call-
tnr at the oMce, or It will be »«nt on receipt ot
a S-eent stamp. It tells all about this Trusa.
"magnetic elastic truss co.,
62U Market Street (Oppostta Palaco Hotel).
San Francisco.
>' -.¦¦•¦'- Eastern Offlc»-New Tork City.
Good=Looking
Eye=Glasses
That star on without discomfort. Cost the mum
as others that pinch. Ask your friend* who
wear ours.
Oculista* prescriptions * filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Main U.
642 Market ot. &aTRUM£iro
F3.13.C6 Conducted under the
~-"" ~~~"~"^~ American and Euro-
slTid pean plans, and in a
manner that will sat-
. Isfy the most exacting
GFcHIU. and particular taste.
_^^______ 1400 rooms — 900 with
TT x 1 baths.
Hotels I
1 B 1 S FSI 19 BBS Q T £fcJS
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TWO grand fraternal bodies are to
meet on the Ist of May in San Luis
Obispo and remain In session one
week. This fact has aroused a great
deal of enthusiasm in that section of the
State. The first Is the Foresters of
America, who will hold the Grand Court
session and be represented by about 300
delegates, who will be the exponents of
13.000 members of the order in this State.
The other will be the encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic, together
with the Women's Relief Corps and the
Ladies of the Grand Army, the last three
having about five hundred representa
tives. The Foresters will hold their ses
sion in the Grand Opera-house and the
Grand Army people will transact their
business in 'the Pavilion. The two bodies
have agreed that they will join hands in
the matter of partaking of the hospitality
that will be tendered during the week to
the delegates, and a joint committee ar
ranged all the details. As a matter of
courtesy the Grand Army people allowed
the Foresters to select the one who shall
be grand marshal of the joint procession.
The citizens and authorities of the city
have been very active in arranging for
the reception of the visitors and they have
appointed the several committees that are
to have charge of the events of the week.
The committees are as follows:
Reception— Colonel J. H. Seaton, G. W.
Young, W. M. Johns, F. E. Darke, George
Deiss. J. H. Orcutt.
Special— J. P. Lynch, Thomas Reed. J. D.
Phillips.
Barbecue— John Wicher, G. W. Robbins, J.
W. Sullivan. C. 11. Meyers, R. D. Orr.
Ball— E. C. Jones, Joseph Lopez, F. C. Dorn,
F. J. Mcllenry, C. A. Younglove.
Excursion— F. C. Cherry, John Sandercock, R.
L. Dempsey.
Finance— G. R. Stamford, G. W. Long, C.
A. Younglove, John Sandercock, T. J. Rowen,
Hotel— John Fiedler, H. H. Carpenter, E. C.
Ivins, R. D.Orr, J. Sandercock.
Decorations— J. D. Fowler, C. H. Meyers.
John Pfiiegler, C. Ramage, R. E. Lee, D. Wolf.
Music— John Fiedler, J. W. O. Sullivan, F. C.
Cherry.
Parade— F. E. Darke, E. C. Ivlns, John Whee
ler, C. F. Deiss.
On Monday, the 30th of the current
month, all the visitors will have arrived,
and on that day the two organizations
wjll form a procession and be escorted to
their respective headquarters. After that
the following programme will be carried
out:
Tuesday, May l^Grand parade of the Grand
Army and auxiliary branches and the Sons of
Veterans, the Foresters, the Fire Department
and fraternal and civic societies. IR-'View by
[ the grand marshal as the line passes the Ra
i mona. Evening, band concert.
Wednesday, May 2— Excursion, including a
visit .to the oil wells, Moro Rock and Pismo
Beach. Evening, open-air concert on the plaza.
Thursday. May 3— Barbecue at Sycamore
Springs. Evening-, grand ball at the Ramona.
Friday, May 4— Campflre In the evening by
the Grand Army at the Pavilion, where the
Foresters will be the special guests.
Saturday, May s— Excursion to various points
of Interest tendered to .those representatives
and delegates who shall be in the city.
A beautiful souvenir badge has been
prepared. It will consist of a ribbon and
rosette, on which will be the emblem of
the G. A. R. and the emblem of the For
esters below it. There will be two side
ribbons, one having printed on It in gold
"Thirty-third Encampment of the G. A.
R.." and the other "Twelfth Annual Ses
sion of the F. O. A." The city will be
decorated and It Is probable that a tri
umphal arch will be erected on one of the
public streets.
FIGHT AGAINST
BOSS RULE IN
SANTA CLARA
Good Government League
Plainly Defines Its
Position.
*
Will Withhold Its Support From Can
didates Who Are Named
Exclusively by the
Bing.
Social rWsratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, April S.— The Republican
Good Government League of Santa Clara
County has renewed its fight against the
Republican County Central Committee,
which is controlled by ex-Boss Rea. This
is really the text of an ultimatum that is
to be delivered to the State Republican
Committee, and which in the form of a
resolution was adopted at a meeting of
the League yesterday. This is also vir
tually a warning that unless the League
is given full representation in the con
vention this fall the members of the
League will not support the Congression
al or Legislative candidates that are to
be voted for.
The resolution, which was unanimously
adopted, is as follows:
Resolved. That the secretary of the Repub
lican Good Government League of Santa Clara
County be Instructed to inform the Republican
State Wr.tral Committee that under no circum
stances will the supporters of good government
in Santa Clara County be satisfied with the re-
Fults of any convention .Congressional or other
wise, in v.-hich the delegates are seated by ap
pointment by the County Central Committee.
This action is significant, coming as it
does from an organization that has a
membership of over 2000 voters in Santa
Clara county.
This same fight occurred two years ago,
when Rea and Mackenzie selected th*
delegates to the State and Congressional
conventions and entirely ignored the bet
ter element of the Republican party. At
that time the League sent a protesting
delegation to Sacramento, but they were
not seated. It refrained from placing a
Legislative ticket in the field, however,
so that a Republican United States Sena
tor might be assured from California,
and was instrumental In Santa Clara
County going Republican for Gage and the
Legislative ticket. The county gang tick
et at the same time met a disastrous .de
feat, and the Good Government League's
nominees were nearly all elected.
Now however, the League will not sup
port a Congressional or Legislative tick
et which it has not a voice in selecting.
After giving its united support to Sena
tor Shortridge and Assemblymen Arne
rich and Kelsey. these legislators worked
against all legislation the League favored,
and in the distribution of patronage it has
been totally Ignored.
TWO MEN ATTEMPT
SUICIDE AT DAWSON
Captains Watson and Thorburn, Aft
er Spending Money in Dissipa
tion, Shoot Themselves.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April B.— The
steamer Danube to-night brings news
from the north of two attempted suicides
on the same day, Marcn 27, at Dawson.
Captain N. W. Watson of the Yukon field
force and Captain Thorburn, a Scotch vis
itor In the Klondike, endeavored to end
tueir lives with revolvers. Watson had
for days been crazed with liquor, and
running out of funds had cashed two bo
gus checks and twice attempted highway
robbery. He will recover but Thorburn
will die. Thorburn had also been drink-
Ing heavily for days.
To-night's arrivals from the north re
port tnat the dragging of the river is pro
ceeding at Mlnto for the bodies of Clay
ton and his companions, who were mur
dered: that 200 horses are stalled on C D
Cutoff, and that the ice In the river is
commencing to break up.
From Skaguay comes news of valuable
quartz discoveries on Sullivan Island
Lynn Canal, where a fifty-foot ledge will
be developed immediately.
Steel for Convention Hall.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. April B.— The Carne
gie Company has commenced shipment of
the structural Iron to be used in the con
struction of the convention . building at
Kansas City. As far as tho Carnegie
Company Is concern**! 'the building can
be completed on time.
¦ ? ¦
A new hotel, The Bradbury. All rooms sunny."
iCC* Callforna ct., cor. Polk, near Van Ness. •
OPPOSES THE
LEASING OE
NOME BEACH
Adverse Report by the Com
missioner of the Land
Office.
Also Declares Against the Proposal
to Rent Western Public Lands
to Owners of
TT rile
WASHINGTON. April S.-Several bills
which have been introduced in Congress
have been referred to Commissioner Her
man of the General Land Office for his
judgment as to their merits. One of these
provides that exclusive leases for mining
purposes may be granted to lands within
the territory of the United States which
lie below high water mark. It is pro
posed to grant exclusive leases upon con
dition that a bond of $5000 be given to in
sure proper fulfillment of the agreement.
Commissioner . Herman reports adversely
on this bill for the reason that while
Cape Nome is not specifically mentioned In
it, the evident." intent Is to make It apply
there. It is held to J>e contrary to the
policy of the United States Government
to grant exclusive leases of this character
to gold fields, and the proviso in regard
to a JoOOO bond would operate to exclude
poor miners from securing grants.
Another bill upon which an adverse re
port is made provides for leasing public
lands in the arid regions for. grazing pur
pones. An adverse report also has been
made upon a somewhat similar bill
of a more genreal and far-reaching
nature which provides for leasing any
available public lands for grazing. The
Commissioner says that the courts have
held such action to be contrary to the cus
tom of a hundred years which permits the
freo use of such lands by any one, and
says that in his judgment the time has
noe come to overturn this policy.
WILL TRY TO FORCE A
VOTE ON QUAY'S CASE
Senator Chandler Active in the Mat
ter, but May Fail to Gain Unan
. imous Consent.
WASHINGTON, April 8. — Senator
Chandler probably will make an effort
Monday to get the Senate to agree upon a
day for taking a vote on the resolution
concerning the seating of Senator Quay.
The indications are that for the pres
ent he will fall to secure unanimous
consent, and in any event the discussion
of the resolution will proceed.
Senator Carter hopes to proceed with
the consideration of the Alaskan Code
bill early in the week, with the hope of
securing action at an early day. There
are still some differences pertaining to
mining rights to be adjusted in this meas
ure and more or less discussion necessa
rily will precede their determination. The
appropriation bill for the District of Co
lumbia probably will be considered during
the week.
On Wednesday Senator Lodge will ask
the Senate to vote upon the Philippine
temporary measure, but he does not ex
pect to accomplish more than to get a day
fixed for the vote.
The Committee on Elections will con
clude Its consideration of the case of Sen
ator Clark of Montana during the week.
Senator Chandler, chairman of the com
mittee, expresses the opinion that only
one sitting of the committee will be neces
sary to determine the attitude of the com-
The feature of the week in the House
will be the closing fight on the Porto Ri
can tariff bill. The Republican managers
will carry out the programme agreed upon
In caucus on Wednesday, when a special
rule will be presented, which will bring
the motion to concur in. the Senate
amendments to a vote after several hours
of debate. Both sides are laboring ear
nestly to poll their full strength, but the
Republicans appear to-be confident that
the motion will carry by a safe margin.
They assert that the Republican opposi
tion will not be over seven votes, the
number who voted against the original
bill.
Murderers Must Die.
BERLIN. April B.— Contrary to the pop
ular expectations, the trial <5f Goenczl and
hiß wife, the Hungarians who in August,
1897, murdered the wealthy widow and
daughter of Herr Schultze. the multi
millionaire of this city, was concluded last
evening. The accused was sentenced to
death. '¦¦;'¦ ¦¦-¦'¦'¦ ' ,
WHITE MAY BE
CANDIDATE FOR
VICE PRESIDENT
Significant Conference Be
tween Bryan and the
Ex-Senator.
Democratic Campaigner Met; at Los
Angeles by a Committee — Given
a Rousing Reception Along
the Line.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, April B.— William J.
Bryan, who will begin his tour of South
ern California, arrived in Los Angeles
this afternoon at 2 p. m. The prospective
Democratic nominee was met at the Ar
cade depot by former Senator Stephen M.
White, chairman of the reception com
mittee; O. A. Crandall, chairman of ar
rangement committee, the full comple
ment of the committees assisting in the
greeting. Thousands of .persons crowded
about the station and lustily cheered as
Mr. Bryan entered his carriage. A pro
cession fpllowed the brass band that
stopped before the Nadeau Hotel, the
headquarters selected during Bryan's
visit to Los Angeles.
No attempt at display has been made,
and there was no spettch making. Many
admirers of the Nebraskan called at the
headquarters and were introduced. Mr.
Bryan is to-night the guest of former
Senator White, with whom he and a few
friends dined. Mr. Bryan will pass the
night at the residence of Senator White,
and has denied himself to all callers.
Should the plan that is whispered -to
night by many of the faithful be carried
out the possibility exists that the fore
most Democrat on the Pacific Coast, for
mer Senator Stephen M. White, will be
urged for Bryan's running mate next July
when the national Democratic convention
meets in Kansas City.
Those who profess to speak with au
thority say tliat White's candidacy, has
long been canvassed by the Eastern party
leaders, and that the coming of Bryan
to the coast at this time Is to consult with
the - Democratic Nestors of the coast re
garding the advisability of such a nomi
nation. The argument is advanced that
X White is selected, it will be the first
time that the coast has ever been so honi
ored, and that this will almost insure tho
electoral vote of all States west of the
Rocky Mountains.
So far as can be ascertained the pros
pective nomination of Senator White
meets with much approval.
Bryan is accompanied by the following
citizens from the North: San Francisco—
C. D. Lane, Seth Mann, W. H. Alford.
Oakland— J. Loring Pense, H. C. Ingalls,
Dr. E.*T. Barber. Fresno— Mark Plalsted.
Sacramento — H. A. McCraney. "Visalla—
E. C. Farnsworth.
Bryan leaves for San Diego to-morrow
morning at 10.
TO HAVE TRIAL TRIP.
Torpedo Boat Stringham May Be the
¦ Fastest Boat in the Navy.
NORFOLK, Va., April B.— All prepara
tions are about completed for to-morrow's
trial over the measured course In Lower
Chesapeake bay of the torpedo boat de
stroyer Stringham. She has been tied up
In this port for the past forty-eight hours
while the skilled mechanics who con
structed her have been at work on her.
making every bearing, nut, bolt and
screw of her machinery perfect In Its
working parts. The official trial board,
headed by Rear Admiral Rodgers, will ar
rive from Washington to-morrow morning
and the Stringham will leave Immediately
on her trial. She Is expected to surpass In
speed every ship in the navy. -
Funeral of General Bidwell.
- CHICO. Cal., April B.— The funeral of
General Bldwell will take place Wednes
day afternoon, April 11, at 3 o'clock.
Company A, National Guard of California
the-flre department. Chico Parlor, Native
Sons df the Golden West, the city officers
citizens and a committee of students of
the normal and public schools will attend
in a body. Weather permitting, the ser
vices will be held on the veranda of ' the
Bldwell mansion. All the business houses
In. the city will remain closed on the af
ternoon of the funeral.
-f, The Call's Easter number in X
especially selected colors will >
be out on Easter Sunday, April ~ +
+ 15— and it will be a gem! -
SUICIDE OF A
PRESBYTERIAN
CLERGYMAN
Rev. Joseph Hemphill of Los
Olivos Blows Out His
Brains.
Had of Late Been Subject to Fits
of Despondency and the
Deed Was Pre
meditated.
¦ Special Dispatch to The Call.
9 LOS OUVOS, April 8. — Rev. Joseph
Hemphill, pastor of the Presbyterian
churches at Los Olivos. Ballard and San
ta Ynez, committed suicide this morning
at 11 o'clock at his home near Ballard.
Deceased had prepared for the morning
service at Santa Ynez and the family was
startled at the sound of a shotgun in
the woodshed at the rear of the dwelling.
A member of the family upon rushing out
to ascertain the cause found Dr. Hemphill
on his knees with his head thrown for
ward to the floor. He had connected the
trigger of a shotgun with a broken chair,
cocked the hammer, and placing the gun
at the back of his head, literally blew
out his brains. Two witnesses at the in
quest testified that the deceased was
subject to fits of despondency, but the
deed was evidently premeditated, as he
left a statement with his family regard
ing the disposal ot his effects.
Rev. John Hemphill of Calvary church,
S?n Francisco, a brother of the deceased,
was promptly notified of the suicide. De
ceased leaves a wife and five children. He
was a native of Londonderry, Ireland,
aged 4S years. f
Opera-House Burned.
SARATOGA. N. V., April B.— The Sans
boucl Opera House block and the Schaf
fpr building at Ballston were burned to
day. Loss, $150,000.THE PUNISHMENT OF LYNCHERS
SO much of popular condemnation throughout
trie Union has been pronounced upon the
Southern States because of the frequency with
which lynchings occur in that section, it is but fair
attention should be given to the efforts the better
class of Southern people and the authorities are mak
ing to put an end to those outbursts of violence and
cruelty. These efforts have not been wholly ineffec
tive. A strong public sentiment in favor of support
ing the law has been. developed in the South and in
Virginia the law officers have succeeded in convicting
If Huntington have any well-directed, desire to pro
vide for the relief of the railroad employes he will dis
miss the fellow that started that so-called relief scheme
and give everybody a rest, from his troubling.
• , -, . . (¦( ¦
Those who predicted that Cecil Rhodes would be
coldly received in London overlooked the fact that he
arrived there with a sack full of diamonds and forty
promises of big dividends in the slack of his jaw.
The McKinley-Bryan contest this year will be much
the same as that of 1896, only the fight will be cooler
while it goes on, and the frost for the Bryanites will
be severer t . ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
TfIEIOTBER
vviih a nursing baby has two
lives to support Her flesh,
strength and vitality are
taxed .to the utmost, and
must be maintained qr both
will surely fail.
SccftlE £mu£sioiL
will keep up the mother's
strength and vitality. It also
enriches the baby's nourish-
ment, and supplies the ele-
ments necessary for proper
growth and development of
bones, teeth and tissue
„ _S°«- »°d <»•«>. ah druggists
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemm?, N«« Y«*o
A Callfornian has patented a life-saving
apparatus which will not Interfere with
the wearer's arms or legrs when swim-
mine, two elongated air-tight cones being
strapped to the person's back, with the
small ends of the cone toward the head
to support the body In a nearly horizontal
position. •
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The naval expenditures of China during
last year were about $3,200,000. and thus
far, up to March 1, about JSOO.OOO have
been expended.
The Russian navy personnel numbered
41,000 officers and men during the past
year and the estimates provide for an in
crease to 52,250 for 1900-01.
It Is stated In a Japanese paper that the
Government will not permit any foreigner
to witness the naval maneuvers which
are to take place this month.
Queen Victoria's yacht will be ready for
trial in about three months. Two hundred
tons of ballast has been built Into the
hull and 200 tons of top-hamper haa been
removed.
Fc-ur armorclads, in the British navy,
the Anson, Benbow. Howe and Rodney!
ranging from 10,300 to 10,600 tons, and de^
nominated the admiral class, are pro
nounced by English naval experts to be
unable. to meet any foreign modern armor
clad with any probability of success. Yet
they were built as late as ISSS j^nd ISSD, but
so rapid and thorough • has bein the ad
vance In naval design, armor and arma
ment, that these costly vessels, aside from
their poor sea-going qualities, are at the
mercy of a modern unarmored cruiser.
Mr. Vlckers of the noted British firm of
gun builders refutes the statement re
cently made In Parliament that French
artillery Is superior to that of England.
The Vickers 12-Inch gun now being placed
on board air the new battleships has a
striking energy exceeding that of the
French 12-Inch gun at 2000 yards by 44 per
cent; at 4000 yarfls by 56 per cent and at
6000 yards by 72 per cent. The French gun
used -a projectile weighing 644 pounds,
while that of the British gun weighs S»0
pounds.
Russia's fleet in Asiatic waters consists
of eight armored ships, six cruisers, four
gunboats, one torpedo boat destroyer and
several torpedo boats In reserve at Vladi
vostok* and Port Arthur. /This fleet will
be Increased during the present year by
three armored vessels, the Petropolawsk,
Nacklmoff and Poltava, . the cruisers Va
riag. In course of construction at Cramp's
yard, and Pallada. a new gunboat, Ghil
yak, two transports carrying submarine
THE WAR'S DELAY.
DESPITE the fact that the censored dispatches
sent out from South Africa seem designed to
conceal the existence of war rather than to
inform the world of its progress, enough is made evi
dent to reveal the difficult if not dangerous situation
in which Lord Roberts has got his army. For the
sake of capturing Cronje he cut away from* his base
of supplies and rushed to Bloemfontein. In the ac
complishment of that feat he appears to have ex
hausted his horses, or to have lost them by disease,
for ever since that first fierce swift rush he has been
unable to achieve any success whatever.
The Boers have resumed the aggressive. They
swarm around the British lines on all sides, cut their
communications, capture an important post here, a
wagon train in another place, a battery in a third
place and half a regiment somewhere else. In the
midst of these "unfortunate occurrences" the vast
British army is almost as impotent to use its strength
as was the huge Spanish armada in the days of Eliza
beth to exert its force against the nimbler ships of
England. Roberts, in fact, is at bay and can neither
advance with success nor retreat with honor. His
only course is to stand where he is and wait until
there have been. sent to him a sufficient number of
horses to enable him to sweep the Orange Free State
with clouds of mounted infantry and drive the scat
tered parties of Boers away from his flanks and com
munications. ? ,'. . '
The Government at London is doing all it can to
furnish the horses, but the obstacles in the way are
many. It is a long distance from Europe to the
Transvaal and horses are not to be transported from
the one place to the other within a week. Moreover
the horses carried to South Africa are liable to perish
from disease almost as soon as they arrive. It is
even probable the dreaded rinderpest has broken out
already among the horses of the British service and
that it, more than anything else, is the cause of the
long delay at Bloemfontein. If that be so, the situa
tion is much more serious for the British than the
censored dispatches reveal. Lord Wolseley from the
point of vantage of the War Office in London has
predicted that Roberts will enter Pretoria in May, but
Roberts himself from the point of disadvantage at the
front is reporting nothing but unfortunate occurrences
?nd would doubtless be well pleased if he were sure he
would be able to move at all in the merry month of
May. fWM?S
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE CLUBS.
ON the 27th of this month the convention of Re
publican League Clubs of California is to
assemble at Los Angeles and, as that date is
now drawing near, it behooves all localities desiring
representation to begin at once making preparations
for it There ought to be a Republican club in every
county, city, ward and district. Every considerable
center where there are a number of Republican voters
should have its club through which those voters may
obtain representation at the convention and where
no such clubs exist the work of organization should
be promptly undertaken.
The league clubs are the more useful to the party
inasmuch as they do not represent the rival claims of
aspirants for any office, nor are associated with or are
controlled by any facfion or clique. Their work is to
organize the rank and file for campaign work and to
give an efficient support to all candidates of the party
after their nomination. In past campaigns this work
has been so notable as to win the commendation of
Republican leaders in 'all parts of the Union and it is
not to be doubted it will be equally efficacious in the
campaign now approaching.
It is to be borne in mind that the one danger that
threatens the Republican party is that of overcon
fidence. That danger faces Republicans in many
States, but it is particularly menacing in California.
Our people have been so prosperous under the Mc-
Kinley administration, it is hardly credible a majority
of the voters should cast their ballots against his re
election. It will not do, however, to trust to the hope
that everybody will vote right. The Bryanites are
very sure to poll a large vote and if any considerable
number of Republicans remain away from the. polls
the State will be lost and with it the Presidency' may
be lost.
Under these circumstances the paramount duty of
Republicans is to form organizations which will en
able them to bring out the full vote of the party on
election day. That duty is one which the league clubs
have undertaken and the object of the State conven
tion at ' Los Angeles is to stimulate and rouse and
direct the members in its performance. It is therefore
of the highest importance that all districts of the State
should be represented at the meeting and it is to be
hoped there will be not one locality of considerable
population in the State that has not its delegates on
the floor when the convention is called to order.
We have had a sufficient number of disastrous floods
resulting from broken dams in this country to justify
the conclusion that in the construction of great works
of that kind hereafter there should be a strict govern
mental supervision to sec to' it that the economy of
thi company that owns the dam does not endanger the
lives and the property of those who live in the valley.
MONDAY ". ?.-•• APRIL 9, i9<x>
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AS! Corr.rr.un> cation* to W. S. LcAKE. Manager
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . Mnrkft nnd 'Third, fl. V.
Telephone Main IKOS.
EDITORIAL ROOH» 5*17 to 221 Merenion St.
Telephone Malu 1574.
DeliTered by Carrier*. 15 Cents V*r WeeU.
Mnffle Cople*. 5 Cent*.
Trrmi by Mail. Including Pontnirei
EAILT CALL .mc!u<Sln£ funds)-), on* year SU.Oft
DATLT CALL (including Sunday). 6 month* 8.00
DAILT CALL dncludir.s Sunday). S month* 1-50
DAILT CALL— H> Flnel* Month «5«
eUNI^AT CALL One T>ar !•&<>
WEEKLY CALL Oj« T<*ar 100
AH poatßißfttera nre authorized to receive
¦abscrlpttona.
' Sampl* eopte* will be forward«d whon requ«»te4.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE. KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Varquett* Bu laing, Chicago,
NITW TORK CORKESPOSDENT:
C C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
6TEPHEN B SMITH 50 Tribune Bui'dir-g j
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ebermaa Houn: P. O. New» Co.; <irtat Northern Hotell
TVnnoct Bouse; Aud'.toriura Hotel.
NEW TORK NEW? PTAXDB:
"Waldorf- Aetorta Hole!; A. Brentano. SI Union &ouar»l
Murray Hill Ilotel. ______
WASHINGTON (D. C ) CFFICE Wellington Hot«l
MORTON E. CRANE. Corresrondent
UK A>< II OFFICES — til Mrr.tff.-imery. corner of Clay. opei.
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 03fl
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
9:SO o'clock. 1841 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sjjueenth. open until 8 o'clock. 1090
Valencia, open uatJ 9 o'clock. 1C« Eleventh, open until
'. o'clock. NVT. corner Twenty-second aud Kentucky,
cpen until 8 o'clock.
J and sending to the penitentiary six men guilty vof,
j lynching a man in Patrick County. ?
i If the example thus set by Virginia be followed else
,• where,- the end of lynching will be near, at hand. It
j rarely happens that lynching is done by parties who
cannot be identified. . The trouble has been that when
arrested and tried it has been found impossible to in
duce juries to convict them, no matter how strong
j and clear might be the evidence against them. The
result has been that the lynchers have felt no restraint
in the commission of violence and have vied with one
another in efforts to carry it from one degree of sav
agery and fiendishness to another. Just as soon as the
law finds support in the South and juries can be ob
tained which will convict, the lawless gangs that prac
tice lynching will be -broken up and cowed into sub
jection. ,*:-.-
Several schemes have been devised in the Southern
States to check the evil, but none thus far has proven
effective. In some States counties have been made
liable in damages for lynching, but no damages have
ever been awarded. In Georgia it was proposed to
authorize special sessions of the courts' to try sus
pected persons without delay, but the scheme was
abandoned because it was recognized to be futile. In
fact the issue in every instance returns to the honesty
of juries in the performance of duty. Virginia has
taken the right path. If it can once be. assured that
lynchers will expiate their offense in the penitentiary
1 the South will soon be as law-abiding as any other
i section of the .Union.
Lotta's Boston Property.
One of the leading tax-payers of Boston
is ' Miss Charlotte M. Crabtree, better
known as "Lotta." and her real estate as
sessment for two blocks of property in
Ward 7 aggregates $765,000. This property
consists of 3568 square feet of land, upm
which stands the new Gould Hotel and the
Park Theater adjoining, giving her a total
area of 14,571 spuare feet of land, with a
frontage of 180 feet on Washington street
Miss Crabtree pays JS9SS 50 tax on this
property. She got control of the Park
Theater in 1877, and the property has In
creased each, year since. The Hotel Rey
nolds deal, which was consummated in
recent years, • was . the largest' and most
important real estate transaction of that
time in this city. Miss Crabtree is esti
mated to bee" worth over $1,500,000, her
principal wealth- being represented In real
estate.— Boston Post.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NSW YORK, April B.— L. Rawlings of
San Francisco is at the Fifth Avenue; W.
J. Bartnett of San Francisco is at the Im
perial; H. Lewellyn of Oakland is at the
Empire. ¦ ¦ • . -
Special information supplied datlr to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), B» Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 •*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It> atTownsend'm."
Buddhist Mission.
The Buddhists at their mission, 807 Polk
street, celebrated yesterday the anniver-
sary of the nativity of Buddha. Services
were held at 2 p. m. in English, and in
Japanes-e at 8 p. m. The Rev. S. Sonoda,
K. Nishljima and Dr. J. R. Guelph-
Norman addressed the meetings.
PERSONAL MENTION
George L. Arnold, a Los Angeles attor
ney, is a guest at the Lick.
Railroad Commissioner E. B. Edson is
registered at the Occiden-tal from Gazelle.
J. C. Jones, a prominent business man
of Paris, Illinois, is at the Lick with his
wife. '*-'/''£.'
James Stevens of Ingersoll, Ontario, is
at the Occidental, accompanied by his
wife. i;j^:-
T. D. Blodgett, M.. D., .of Tulare and
Eleoya Clarke, M. D., of St. Louis "are
at the Grand.
Mrs. F. "W. Johnson and Mrs. E. A.
Coult of Marysvllle are at the California
for a brief stay.
Louis Halle, editor of the Chicago
American Adviser, Is registered at the
Palace with his wife.
Thomas Duffy, chairman of the Demo
cratic County Committee of : Del Norte
and a prominent citizen of Crescent City,
is at the. Grand. •'!',"
J. F. Dunne and wife of San Felipe came
up yesterday morning ¦ to attend the
funeral of Dunne's former business part
ner, Edward T- Donnelly, ' who died j Fri
day last. .
Ih\ Clampett to Deliver an Address.
The public will have the opportunity o£
hearing Rev. Dr. Clampett. new rector of.
Trinity Church, at the Christian Associa-
tion auditoriumT Mason and Ellis streets,
to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. This will
be his first public address outside of hia
own pulpit, and the educational commit-
tee of the Association Nipht School for
Men has secured him to deliver the clos-
ing address of the' night school for the
season. Admission free.
MORE BATTLE PARKS.
I—\1 — \ ROCURING the establishment and the main
! / tenance of "battle parks" at the cost of the
*• Federal Government has become something
like a political industry in the South and for the pur
pose of obtaining appropriations is almost as effective
as the establishment of custom-houses a thousand
miles from the sea or the improvement of. inland
streams which are dry one-half of the year, so as to
make them navigable for ocean ships in wet weather
and useful as wagon roads in dry spells.
The South has already a considerable number of
battle-ground parks and there are now before Con
gress bills providing for the establishment of several
more of them. Of these it is said that three are likely
to be passed at this session — one providing for a park
at Stone River, Term. ; a second for a park near
Atlanta, Ga., and the third for a park in Virginia
covering six thousand acres and including the sites
of the great battles of Fredericksburg, Chancellors
ville, the Wilderness and' Spottsylvania Courthouse.
? ' For the Virginia park a great deal may be said.
.That little section of ground has been the scene of
the hardest fighting and greatest battles of the cen
tury. •It is estimated that in the various conflicts
which took place upon it upward of 500,000 men con
fronted each other and that the number of killed or
wounded exceeded 129,000. Moreover the battles
were rendered more illustrious by the presence" of the
greatest generals of the war and to the deeds of hero
ism among the rank and file on both sides were kidded
the brilliant tactics of Grant and Sheridan, Lee and
Jackson and all their famous. associates.
There is not likely to be any great objection to the
establishment of these parks, for they have a practical
usefulness as well as a sentimental value. and will serve
the Government as fields in which to give instruction
in forestry. . It is to the credit of the Southern people
that they'are showing enough of loyalty and thriftiness
to promote such* parks and, while none of them will
ever rival in historic interest the field of Gettysburg,
they will still serve to recall the deeds of those Whose
valor freed the slaves and kept the Union* whole.
The German law-makers can digest most anything
the Kaiser wishes, but they have evidently concluded
it would be more dangerous to swallow his meat bill
than any amount of American pork.
Collis P. Huntington has presented the Art Insti
tute with two pictures and deserves thanks for his
generosity, but 'it is doubtful if his right hand knew
what his left was doing at the time.
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY
CELEBRATED YESTERDAY
The Congregation Sherith Israel En
tertains the Orphans at Golden
Gate Hall by a Dinner.
The fiftieth anniversary celebration of
the Congregation Sneiith Israel took place
yesterday. The synagogue was crowded
to the doors, large numbers having to
stand all through the services, showing
their appreciation of their rabbi, the Rev.
Jacob fileto.
Aaron Sapiro, Inmate of the Jewish Or
phanage Asylum and a pupil of the rabbi,
who leaves shortly for Cincinnati to take
a course preparatory to becoming a rabbi.
delivered a stirring address. His subject
was "Our Home," and he paid a splendid
tribute to the Institution. He was fol
lowed by Stella Harris. Theodore Fried
lander and Hugo Jacobson, all of whom
acquitted themselves with honor as
speaker 3. At the close of the addressee
a symbol ceremony was enacted, repre
senting the meeting of God and Israel.
At the close of the service the orphanaga
children In procession passed the altar,
and from thence to Golden Gate Hall,
where a sumptuous banquet was served to
them. At the close" of the repast the
children were entertained with vocal and
Instrumental music. The happy gathering
broke up a little before 6 o'clock
BUSINESS CONDITIONS SATISFAC
TORY.
THE improvement in general trade mentioned
last week apparently continues. The weather has
become more seasonable in the East and the job
bing and retail distribution has increased proportion
ately. The failures, too, show a falling off again, thos:
lor the week being 182, against iyo for the correspond
ing week in 1899. But the country's bank clearings
still hang back, those for the week indicating a loss
of 5.1 per cent in business from last year and three
important cities — New York, Boston and Pittsburg —
exhibit a decrease ranging from 10.8 per cent in New
York to 18.7 per cent in Pittsburg. All other large
cities in the United States show an increase, though
gencra3!y small. The decrease at Pittsburg rcllects the
decline in the iron and steel industries, which have
been growing quieter for some time. Attempts are
being made to lower prices in order to stimulate busi
ness, but they are not very successful, as the great in
terests fear that any marked decline will still further
The other staples show rather more tone. Boots
and shoes are doing better and hides and leather are
also showing more tone. Wool is weaker, but woolen
goods are reported in fair movement. Unsettled labor
conditions and higher quotations have checked the
activity in lumber and most markets report a lessened
demand at easier price*. Provisions continue the
strongest line in the country. Pork is 30 per cent and
lard 25 per cent higher than at this time last year and
supplies are reported slender all over the country.
In the San Francisco market hogs have been more
or less scarce for a long time and their raisers have
made money. Cereals still drag and wheat obstinate^'
refuses to advance. Other grains sympathize and the
market for breadstuff's is therefore dull all around.
Wall street ruled quiet all the week. Any' decline
brought out buyers, but any advance immediately called
out an equal number of sellers. The public are not
investing as a rule and the professionals have the mar
ket pretty much to themselves.
Conditions in California continue bright. The sea
son has been exceptionally fine in the central and
northern parts of the State and large crops of almost
everything are assured. Low prices for pram and
hay are expected on account of the great yield prom
ised. As to fruit, the outlook is uncertain. The crop
bids fair to be heavy, but the demand is likewise ex
pected to be large, as stocks of canned and dried fruit
have become reduced to practically nothing, with the
exception of prunes, of w-hich there is still a fair sup
ply on hand. The formation of the Dried Fruit Asso
ciation will probably impart more steadiness to the
market and give Eastern buyers more confidence in
the maintenance of values. The wool market is
opening up sluggishly, as the dullness in the East
deters buyers. The movement in merchandise con
tinues good, both on local and export account, and
no complaints of collections are heard. Money is
plentiful and some banks are soliciting loans, whereas
a year or two ago they refused to loan on anything
except gilt-edged city securities.
The above points about cover the trade situation :n
the United States. The boom of last year is over
and the tapering off has been natural and smooth. We
rire now back to normal conditions and with ordinary
rare there is no reason why the country should not
enjoy its present prosperity for a long time to come.
The Presidential election this year will, of course,
<juiet things down somewhat, but that is rqerely a
temporary condition.
HOW THE CALIFORNIA PRESS VIEWS
ADMIRAL DEWEY'S CANDIDACY
Napa Journal
There may be some people who still want the admiral for President as much
as ever, but his chances for securing a nomination from either of the great polit
ical parties at this time are not at all hopeful. The leaders who make Presiden
tial candidates have already made definite and different arrangements.
Woodland Democrat
Admiral Dewey was for a time the idol of his fellow-citizens. Now that he
has .announced that he Is a candidate for President of the United States but re
fuses to say whether he is a Democrat or a Republican, he has excited the ridi
cule of three-fourths of the Amerfcan people.
San Diego Union.
Admiral Dewey has been badly advised and has ..blundered. The American
people, mindful of his great services, will continue to admire and honor him. He
will learn, however, that these marks of favor do not imply a wish to place him
in the office which he thinks "not difficult to fill."
Petaluma Argus.
If Admiral Dewey decides that he would take a nomination for President on
either ticket he will have the satisfaction of realizing that he ia not the first man
that has lost much of his well earned honors at the hands of his very close sup
posed friends, one of them, at least, in lady's attire.
Analy Standard.
Admiral Dewey will make the mistake of his • life if he allows his name to
be placed in nomination for the Presidency. Now that he enjoys the admiration
of the whole world he should let well enough alone and retire while his glory Is
Oakland Tribune.
As the principal figure of the Spanish war Dewey would have occupied a3
prominent and as popular a place in history as Grant. Lincoln. Farrajrut or even
Washington, but as the office-seeking politician his laurels will quickly fade
away.
Santa Rosa Republican.
Not many regard the admiral as a Presidential possibility. To most people
his announcement seems a very foolish act. It gives the Impression that his head
has been turned by the consideration that has been shown him.
• • •
Los Gatos Mall.
We believe the admiral Is making a very grave mistake; he Is a far greater
man in the hearts of the people to-day in his present position than his candidacy
can ever possibly raise him.
Alas for the eallant admiral, whom every American admires and would
like to continue to revere! Hla weakness In yielding to the pleadings of ambi
tion recall Job, xxxli. 9:10: "Great men are not always wise; neither do the aged
understand Judgment." .
. . Sacramento Record Union.
He has won too high a place in the hearts of his countrymen to be rudely or
easily cast out of their faith and confidence. But in perfect honesty, candid
conviction impels the judgment that Admiral Dewey Is unfit for the office of
President. • :
WILLIAM J. BRYAN— I DON'T BELIEVE I CAN CATCH IT.
Chicago Record.
mines and ten of the torpedo boat destroy
ers now being built at Russian yard 3.
The Belleville boiler, almost exclusively
used in recently built ships in the British
navy, is severely criticized by "London
Engineering:, which summarizes the de
fects of this type of water-tube boiler ami
states that It cannot be trusted to remain
sound for more than a few months at
best. It 3 chief defects are that the tubes
bend first and then crack; are liable to
burn out if salt water gets Into them and
are prone to pitting.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1900.
PLOTS AND COUNTERPLOTS.
DESPITE the: fact that to all appearances the
renomination of Bryan by the Democratic
. party is 50 certain that opposition to it is labor
in; vain; there are none the less many eminent Demo
crats who continue to form factions against him and
to talk as boldly as if they believed it possible to de
feat him.
At a recent dinner in New York there was quite a
gathering of prominent gentlemen opposed to Bryan,
and some of their utterances gave evidence of a firm
conviction that they have a fighting chance. It was
proposed that there should be a large banquet ar
ranged for April 13 in New York City and that rep
resentative Democrats from all parts of the country
?hould be invited to take part in it.
From an account of the gathering given in the New
York Times we learn that "as an incentive to action
Northern capitalists largely interested in Southern en
terprises have communicated their wishes to- their
representatives in the South, and expect wholesome
results." It is added: "The Commercial Travelers
and Hotel Men's Anti-Trust, League is also taking an
active part in the movement, and the members have
sent out a circular letter, in which they say: This
league has done enough work to demonstrate that Mr.
Bryan can be defeated for a renomination. The re
ports from our members in the South particularly re
sent the idea that the Populists should write the
Democratic platform. Indeed, in some localities this
has raised a storm of indignation, an,d they wonder
why the New York leaders do not blaze the way by
putting forward and supporting some such man as
Augustus Van Wyck. We wish to urge in the strong
est possible way that you will talk this matter over
with other leading spirits of the Democratic party
and see whether some organized effort cannot be in
augurated to take a public stand against Mr. Bryan's
renomination.' "
While that fight is forming against Bryan his sup
porters in some of the Eastern States at least are
acting very much as if they are afraid of it and are
willing to resort to any kind of tactics to win out.
Thus we learn from the Baltimore American that the
Bryan Democrats, who have complete control of the
party machinery in Maryland, have issued a circular
calling upon the voters at the primaries to pledge all
delegates to Bryan. The circular is quoted as saying:
"If they refuse to do this it can only be for the pur
pose of deceiving persons into voting for delegates
supposed to be for Bryan, but who would turn out
in the convention to be against him." "Beware," it
adds, "of unpledged delegates. Any delegate who re
fuses to be instructed to vote for Bryan does not in
tend to vote for him; any delegate who is not pledged
for Bryan, you may be sure, is secretly pledged
against him."
It appears evident from such a circular that the
fight against Bryan in the East and South is much
stronger than shows on the surface. Bryan js a
vociferous leader, and his following makes a good deal
of noise in cheering him, but there is a great, silent
mass of voters in the party that will have to be reck
oned with when it comes to the election of delegates
to the national convention; and, moreover, there is
a small but potent body of silent wirepullers in New
York working quietly to bring out all the opposition
to Bryan thtft can be found in that mass. Therefore
the plots and the counterplots are being worked with
zeal and energy on both sides. There is ample time
to arrange a surprise party for the Democratic Na
tional Convention, and it is quite possible Bryan may
find one awaiting him.
It has been decreed by the authorities that the cen
fus of the population of the United States shall be
taken during the first two weeks of June, and now if
the Haif Million Club be alive yet and feel lively it
will organize several kinds of festivals in the city for
those weeks and invite two or three hundred thousand
folks to come to town and be counted.
Malefactors in Victoria must be marvels of crimi
nal cleverness. The authorities of the town sent out
a small fleet of torpedo-boats the other day in an
effort to capture an absconder
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlroll— "The Bohemian Girl."
Or^heum— Vaudeville.
Alcazar— "Quo Vadis."
Grand Opera-house— "James "Wobberts, J. S. S., Boston."
California — "A. Bachelor's Itomance."
Columbia— ."WeEts's Minstrels. *¦ .
Fischer's Concert Hou«e — "Cavallerfa Rurtlcana."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
#venln«.
Olymr'.a. corner cf Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
run— l Km Park— Baseball.
Central Park— Gentry's Trained AnlmaJ Show. Saturday.
April I*.
El Cair.po— Dancing, bowling, fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
Western Turf Association— Races to-day.
AUCTION SAXES.
Hors** and Mate*— Monday. April 9. at 10 o'clock, at Gait
4WILL BE A GENUINE BEEHIVE.
Novel Name Adopted for the Latest
Market-Street Shoe Store."
H." Lesser, proprietor of the Popular
Shoe Store; at 717 Market street, has dis
posed of his. entire stock to the Boston
Shoe r Company, but that does not 'mean
that he is > going to retire frdm business.
On the contrary. Mr. Lesser is preparing
to branch out and within a few days the
Beehive Shoe Store will occupy the prem
ises- vacated by the Popular. The store is
being completely;" remodeled and refur
nished; ; a new; front -is being put in and
the interior has been entirely transform
ed. A fresh stock of high grade boots and
shoes-will be put in and will be offered
to the public -at low figures. The day of
the opening of the; Beehive has .not been
announced, but it will be some time dur
ing- the present week, just as soon as the
alterations and improvements are finished
and the new stock is in place. . •
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
1/nAPU & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
iVKUCFli UK dally; 1 SO-Hp. pasoline en-
gine cheap. I Stevenson, S. F.
the fostering of the national spirit. It in
dicated the entrance into the family of
nations of a new member who might, up
on occasion, choose to share in the delib
erations of the powers and to oppose acts
which, in her judgment, should threaten
the security of the new sort of govern
ment set up in the Western Hemisphere.
The view of President Monroe was stateil
with moderation and dignity. It carried
the cordial assent of his own people ami
commanded the respect of European na
tions.
The United States Bank.
The establishment of a national bank
was a matter which sharply divided the
parses in V ashington's first administra
tion, the debate turning upon opposing
views of the constitution. Jefferson and
Hamilton have left carefully stated argu
ments upon the question— the first from
tiie standpoint of the strict construction
of that document, the other from the
loo^e or liberal view of construction.
Hamilton's opinion was accepted by
"Washington, who signed the bill creating
the bank In 1731. It remained in success
ful operation until ISII. when the renewal
of Its charter was defeated on grounds set
forth by Jefferson. But In ISIS a new na
tional bank was created, the measure be
ing favored by Madison, who had strongly
opposed the first. This foreshadowed the
change In sentiment soon to become
marked In the Republican party. The con
stitutionality of the bank was affirmed
by decisions of the Supreme Court In ISI9
and in 1524. Though thus removed from
the constitutional discussion, .the ques
tion was still to enter again In a different
form into party struggles. Throughout
the era of good feeling it was one of the
subjects in respect to which leaders of
opinion differed and which had to do ¦with
the new alignment of parties then In
progress.
Internal Improvements.
New York was the leader among the
States in Introducing a vigorous Stato
policy for the Improvement of the means
of transportation. The difficulties encoun
tered during the war of 1812 in moving
soldiers and stor?s made manifest the ex
treme need of such Improvement, and the
successful construction of the great Erto
canal, with the Immediate benefits which
resulted to the State, turned popular at
tention to the subject.
The constitution had In the beginning
granted to each State, with the approval
of Congress, the right to levy tonnagft
duties upon its commerce to be expended
for the facilitation of navigation. Each
cf the original States possessed a sea
coast, but there were soon Representa
tives in Congress from Interior States
having no coast line to be improved and
their broader views as to internal im
provements began to permeate the opin
ions of the general Government. As early
as 1806 a plan for building the great Cum
berland turnpike road from the Potomac
to the Ohio River at national expense was
brought forward along with a bill for a
road across the State of Georgia toward
New Orleans. Numerous other bills for
similar purposes were introduced but had
nearly all proved abortive. The constitu
tionality of such use of Federal funds was
constantly called In question, although
statesmen of all parties admitted its de
sirability.
Stimulated by causes suggested above,
popular attention was directed In a very
decided manner to the subject of Internal
Improvements during Madison's second
term. A bill appropriating money "for
constructing roads and canals and Im
proving the navigation of water courses'*
passed both houses of Congress in ISI7.
6ut was vetoed by the President as ex
ceeding the constitutional powers of Con
jrress. It had heen warmly supported by
Clay and Calhoun. President Monroe re
iterated the view of Madison In his first
annual message, but his opinions under
went some modification in the course of a
few years, for in 1522 he declared that
Congress had power to extend puM'o
funds at Its discretion, belnjr bound, how
ever, to choose such objects as should bn
of general utility. And he held that It
was "not the province of the President t<*
sit In Judgment upon Its selections." Still
an amendment to the constitution was In
his opinion needful before Congress could
enter upon a general system of Internal
Improvements. The pollcv to which Mon
roe now seemed committed was warmly
approved by his successor. John Quincy
Adams. Act followed act In quick suc
cession for carrylnsr It into practical oper
ation. The newer States eagerly accepted
the assistance of the national Government
as meeting their sorest need and as only
justly offsetting the favors already ren
dered to the Atlantic States by the pub"c
expenditures upon coasts and harbors. As
out of the chaos of the period the fssues
of coming battles .olorvly shaped th**Ti
selves the question of the constitutionality
of Federal aDproprlations for Internal im
provements became a clearly markc? di
visive element.
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Spring Term. IDGO.
Mondays: American Political Parties.
Tuesdays: Twenty Lessons in French
Conversation and Recent Scientific Dis
coveries. Wednesdays and Thursdays:
Golden Ages of Literature. Fridays:
Photography for Amateurs. Saturday*:
Biographical Studies for Girls. Th^e
courses will continue until May 31, inort.
Examinations will be held at their close
as a basis for the trmntlnsr of certificates.
Federalist leaders whom he believed to be
monarchists at heart and wholly incorri
gible. He also clearly foresaw that when
this should take place division within the
Republican party itself was certain to fol
low. Writing in May.lSo2. he says: "We
shall now be so strong that we shall cer
tainly split again, for freemen thinking
differently, and speaking and acting as
they think, will form into classes of sen
timent. But it must be under another
name. That of Federalism has become so
odious that no party can rise under It."
During the era of good feeling the fed
eralist party, utterly discredited and de
moralized, did indeed disappear not only
from national politics, but from State pol
itics as well, though in a few States it
controlled State elections until after IS2O—
years after it was quite dead as a nation
al party.
Changes in the Republican Party.
This absorption of Federalism was at
tended by the appearance of a more lib
eral form of democratic doctrine in the
old Democratic-Republican party. The
practical exigencies which had arisen dur
ing the years of Republican domination,
had led the party chiefs to acts incon
sistent with that strict construction of
the constftution which was theoretically
their fundamental basis of party union.
Such were the purchase of Louisiana in
1803 and the embargo act of ISO 7. with oth
er measures believed to be r.eceasitated
by the unfriendly conduct of foreign na
tions. Such also were the tariff of 1316
and the revival of the national bank— a
purely Federalist scheme in its origin and
strongly opposed by Jefferson as uncon
stitutional. A young Republicanism grew
up with Henry Clay as its natural leader,
but embracing many former Federalists.
It appropriated certain of the Federalist
doctrines and Incorporated them Into that
modified democracy which was the out
growth of practical experience.
Jefferson's political sagacity was able to
penetrate the veil of delusive harmony
which delighted the popular mind. From
his retirement at Monticello he wrote to
Gallatin in October. 1522:
"The same parties exist now as ever did.
No longer, indeed, under the name of Re
publicans and Federalists. The latter name
was extinguished in the battle of New Or
leans. Those who wore it. finding mon
archlsm a desperate wish in this country,
are rallying to what they deem the next
best point, a consolidated government.
Although this Is not avowed— as that of
monarchism. you know, never was— it ex
ists decidedly, and is the true key to the
debates in Congress, wherein you see
many calling themselves Republicans
preaching the rankest doctrines of the old
Federalists."
President Monroe.
James Monroe of Virginia, who had been
an unsuccessful candidate for the Presi
dency In ISOB. succeeded to that office In
1817. He had been for years the leading
member of Madison's Cabinet. His large
experience in practical administration and
wide acquaintance with public affairs in
both hemispheres, combined with a
strength of character and dignity of man
ner, commanded for him the respect and
confidence of the whole people. His qual
ities were solid rather than brilliant. Less
conservative than Madison, he was still
not extreme in his views, though more
positively democratic. He regarded him
self as the head of the nation, not of a
party. Indeed, unlike Jefferson and Adams,
he seemed to have looked for the final and
permanent disappearance of parties and
the fusion of the whole people in a
single-hearted devotion to the "principles
of union and free government." He con
troverted the views of. many distinguished
statesmen that free governments cannot
exist without parties. That they had al
ways been found In the ancient republices
and In England he believed to be due to
"certain defects of those governments,"
rather than to the constitution of human
nature: and he was confident "that we
have happily avoided those defects in our
system." It was one of the avowed
objects of his official career "to conciliate
the people of this union with one another
and quench the ardor of party spirit."
Development of the Country.
Monroe's two administrations covered a
period of tranquil and prosperous growth
for the country. Happy In their release
from the alarms of war and their freedom
from the irritations of factional strife, the
people gladly devoted themselves to the
cultivation of the arts of peace. Popula
tion was Increasing rapidly. Manufac
tures In New Englar .» were assuming im
portant proportions under the first of the
tariff acts designed to favor the produc
tion of textile goods. Already a strong
movement of population westward had set
in. greatly accelerated by the increased
use of steamboats upon Inland waters,
which not only made travel easier but
gave access to market for the agricultural
products of the new lands. New States
sought admission to the Union. , Missis
sippi. Illinois. Alabama. Maine and Mis
souri were all admitted durine; Monroe's
term of office. The last was accompanied
by the Missouri compromise, of which we
were to hear much in after years.
The New National Spirit.
Not until the peace with England after
the war of ISI2 was there a general feel-
Ing that a real and permanent indepen
dence of the mother country had been se
cured. Then at last. the United States be
gan to realize their nationality. A wave of
fervid patriotism directed to the national
Government as such swept over the land,
carrying away for the time even Calhoun.
the treat apostle of States' rights. State
Did you ever
seethe like of this?
Solid Oak Chiffon-
ier. Five Drawers,
$6.2 J.
The greatest value
in San Francisco.
Our Carpet De-
partment is a big
feature of our busi-
ness. For any-
thing in Carpets,
come to us.
INDIANAPOLIS FURNITURE CO,,
750 Mission Street, S. F.
quartz has been discovered near Jerome,
Ariz., has been prospected over for many
years without any suspicion of the pre
cious metal. Heavy cuts had been made
through it by the United Verde and Pa
cific Railroad, and still there were no dis
coveries. The uncovering of the vein re
ported as being rich in free gold was
made by section hands. The rusn for Je
rome is still on and every livery rig and
a special passenger train have been carry
ing in the prospectors to a point eight
miles north ot Jerome. The story tola Is
that the quartz has' been assayed at the
rate of $23,000 per ton and that it is per
fectly white.
Litigation over water rights has hung
up the mill at the Providence mine in Tuo
lumne. Miners are engaged in sinking a
shaft 700 feet in the mine and drifting in
the various levels.
The Denver Times predicts that any one
who has the nerve to try it will clean up
millions in the placer fields of Nevada and
Arizona in the next few years. D. F.
Platner of the Manhattan Development
Company Is about to exploit a district
eighty miles north of Chloride, in Arizona.
The increase in the freight rates since
the Carson road changed hands has com
pelled the closing down of Troeger Broth
ers' mine at Cerro Gordo, in Inyo County,
and the proprietors say that they are un
able to work at a profit at* the present
rates— another instance where the Hunt-
Ington corporation has killed the goose
that laid golden eggs.
The Melones Mining Company, at Rob
insons Ferry, Calaveras County, at a
special meeting held in Boston, voted to
issue 35,000 shares at $10 each in 12 per cent
preferred stock in addition to the present
capital of $2,000,000:^0 convert 35,000 shares
of common stock in the treasury into 12
per cent preferred stock, the 70.000 prefer
red shares thus provided for to be sold to
provide money. Work will be resumed on
the 120-stamp mill as soon as lumber can
be delivered on the ground. There will be
from 300 to 400 men at work on the mine
and In the vicinity as soon as spring fair
ly opens.
Arrangements have been made to put up
a large electric power, plant in El Dorado
County, at the Junction of Rock Creek and
the American River. The water for the
power will be obtained from the American
River. The plant will be situated
about three miles from Placerville.
The plan is to supply power to the entire
county at a price that will enable some
disused mines to resume work, /v.' _;."-
The Granite Hill mine in Nevada County
has been sold to the, North Star Mining
Company. The price paid was $3a,000.
A large cyanide plant is planned for the
Cleveland mines in Shasta County. It is
also proposed to put in the latest electro
lytic systems and discard the use of
stamps. The capacity of the proposed
plant is 150 tons per day. .
The old Banner mine in Nevada County
has been bonded by San Francisco and
Stockton parties and the new company
has begun operations preparatory to the
putting in of a hoist, pump and other
necessary thing 3. The property Is owned
by Mrs. Huntington, formerly proprietor
of the Nevada City Water Works. The
bond runs for two years.
The Big Oak Mining Company has-been
Incorporated at Fresno with capital stock
authorized at $100,000. to succeeed the
Tuolumne Mother Lode Company.
An Interesting account of placer mining
In Blue Bear Valley, Colorado, by the Oro
Grande Mining Company Is thus given:
"The company has ten miles of placer
ground, from Breckenridge to Dillon, and
Is using the Evans hydraulic elevator sys
tem for removing gravel and pay dirt.
The water is brought down from the pen
stock in a 30-inch pipe split into several
nozzles at the lower end. These play
against the gravel bank, and by two other
2-inch nozzles playing Into a 20-inch pipe
running from the bottom of the pit up
into a large 4-foot flume the sand, gravel
and smaller rocks are carried up into the
flume, where the lighter gold is caught in
the riffles, as in ordinary ground sluicing.
The water in this flume is the same as
that used for breaking down the gravel,
an 8-lnch pipe extending up alongside the
larger pipe, taking the water out of the
pit as rapidly as it enters by a similar
method to that used in elevating the dirt.
The larger rocks are raised by an electric
elevator, the electric power being gen
erated by the fall from the penstock to
the bottom of the gulch. The lower por
tion of the gravel and the bedrock seams
will be wprked out by hand and run
through a bedrock flume In the bottom of
kokomo, Colo., finds It impossible to get
enough cars to carry the ore that Is pro
duced.
The Mining .Press has a review of
the Government requirements concerning
dredging for gold at Nome and other alien
mining, locations. Some of the facts will
Interest those who are expecting to go
north soon. As to dredging, a Govern
ment permit is required to mine at any
United States point lying within three
miles seaward from low water mark. Such
permit must be procured from Secretary
of War Root, the War Department hav
ing jurisdiction- over the navigable wa
ters arid coast line of the United States.
Several such permits have already been
granted and more applications are on file.
One license issued to a deputy auditor in
the State Department— George W. East
erly—gives him exclusive concession to
operate dredgers 2000 feet outside low wa
ter mark for a stretch of two miles along
the Cape Nome coast. It seems to be a
case of first come first served. Permits
are only, required of or by those who want
to use mining machinery.
As to alien mining locations, the United
States law Is that no one not a citizen of
the United States, , or who has not de
claredhiß intention of becoming a citizen,
can lawfully ; locate a mining claim in
United States territory. Of course it fol
lows that any one making such location In
Ignorance or defiance of this law cannot
convey legal title to the' claim, and any
one buying such location under those con
ditions has no lawful claim to the prop
erty. This is not a State but a Federal
question, and Alaska being solely under
Federal Jurisdiction, the matter Is suscep
tible there of direct settlement.
STAMPS THUNDER
ALL ALONG THE
QUARTZ LEDGES
State's Axial Mountain Line
Jarred Incessantly
by Miners.
With the departure of the delegates of
the California Miners' Association for
Washington expectation Is once more on
tiptoe. The Indications are that much
good will result from the work of
Messrs. Caminetti. Ford and Davis in
"Washington on the several measures of
interest to come up. Some news may pos
sibly be received this week from the na
tional capital.
The condition of the Danebroge mine, in
Browns Valley, is one of the features of
interest. '. It shows conclusively the en
terprise manifested in reopening this lons
closed property. There are so many prop
erties that have been reopened during the
last few months that the Danebroge will
serve as a type.
The Southern California branch of the
California Miners' Association has been
having a lively time over the raise of the
Balary of the secretary from $25 to $100
per month. A grave question was raised
at a meeting concerning the legality of a
preceding meeting, at which the secre
tary's salary was boosted. Fists were
shaken, and there was some talk about a
packed meeting, but the outcome of it all
was peace and harmony, and a decision
to have a regular meeting called to settle
up the whole matter.
The De Long mines in Plumas County
have been Incorporated under the name of
the Canton Placer Mining Company, in
cluding the Waverley. Marietta, Columbus
and Canton locations. Each contains 160
acres and the whole tract extends up the
river from the confluence of Grizzly Creek
and the north fork of the Feather River,
a distance of about sixteen miles.
Engineer Sidney Sprout has been telling
the people In Shasta County that Charles
L. Fair and other San Franciscans are
behind him in the proposed building of a
great power plant on the McCloud River
to furnish light and power all over the
county. Surveyors are working along the
line of the proposed ditch. Notice has
been filed of the taking of 50.000 inches of
water from the McCloud River at the
northwest corner of section 21. In town
ship 36 north, range 3 west. The water
will be conducted down stream in a ditch
fifteen miles long to a point where it is
proposed to establish a plant for the pro
duction of electricity to light and furnish
power to Redding. Copper City, Keswick
and other places. The ditch will be twenty
feet wide at the bottom and nine feet
deep. "' -' ~'."'
The ground where the gold-bearing
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A first-elans family hotel. The Bradbury. Ex-
cellent cuisine. ' 1604 California st., cor. Polk. •
TENTS AND <- OVERS. .
NEVILLE St CO.: manufacturers, , baca>. taata,
•overs. 81 and 13 California at. '
Most of our. troubles are easier to bear
than the comments of our friends thereon.
. Easter Cards: Beautiful ltne of entire-
ly new designs at Sanborn & Vall's. •
AMUSEMENTS.
* I IwOLl^
A MUSICAL EVENT TO-NIGHT!
Artistic and Complete Production of
Balfe's Beautiful Ballad Opera.
"THE
BOHEMIAN
GIRL."
FOR SEVEN NIGHTS AND
SATURDAY MATINEE.
PRESENTED BY. A GREAT CAST
OF SINGERS.
DON'T MISS THE GEM OF ALL OPERAS!
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT— NEXT WEEK.
Colossal and Macnlficent Production
of the Comic Opera,
"THE WIZARDOF THE NILE 1 !
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
Telephone Bush S.
BOBBY GAYLOR; / I Pnmpilw
DE FORRESTS: / A UUIIieUJ
EMPIRE COMEDY FOUR; / Dl I ftf
SI STEBBINS: / H 1 ' Ul
MATTHEWS and HARRIS: / UHU H S U T"
HARRY COGILL and / ' «,.J
MAY ARLEA; / D3SS6Q
EARL and SHEPHERD: / r.-.iu.,,,
CARRIE BEHR. / tXCcIIGIICGi
= LAST WEEK OF==
Reserved SeatF, 15c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chair* and Box S*>ats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
•^^ CONCERT HOUSE)
122-124 O'FARRELL ST.
R. A. FISCHFR Prop
GEORGE MOOSER Manaper
The Handsomest Music Hall in America.
The Best Orchestra in the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:.
NEW BILL TO-NIGHT.
8:0<V-AUGUST HIXRICHS' SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
S:S>-SIGNORINA PUERERL
*:35— RENORITA SALVINL
J>:O7— BABY RUTH.
9:2?— SIGNORINA POLLETTINL
»:U— SIONORINA BARDUCCI.
10:17— Dl'ET— VAROAS-SALVINL
10::4-BABY RUTH.
Jl :00 to Jl :4i-"CA VALT/ERIA RTTSTICANA."
10c ADMISSION 10c
CHUTESand ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
DE CAMP AND MURDOCK. HANLON AND
SANGER, THE KRAMERS. ANN
FLETCHER. EOGGS AND HAEWARD,
EDNA THORN, ATLANTIS, MOVING
PICTURES OF CINDERELLA-
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Cakewalk Contest Satnrdaj Night.
Seat» by Telephone— Park U.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
if*!? 1 ..* 1 ? 13111 * 0 ' April » t0 2L inclusive.
Bix nign-clasa running races every week day
rain or ehlne. beglpnlUK at 1:30 p. m
The ideal winter racetrack of America, Pa-
trons »tcp« dire.cUjr from the railroad cars Into
a superb Krand «tand, slaw-inclosed, where,
comfortably houced in bad weather, they o»n
enjoy an unobrtrurted view of the races
inT^'frfJi**^ T . h « d an<J T<> *™end Btre*U at j
10: no. 10:«<> and 11:30 a, m. and 12:15, 12:35. 12:50
and 1:25 p. ro.. returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear car» re-
served for women and their escort*. No fro..k-
in*. Valencia *tr*>et. 10 minutes later.
San JOB* and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 400
and <:Cn. m.
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn, including admir.nton to track $1 25
„ „ J ' MARTIN. President.
V. H. r.RKKX. fUcretary «nrt Manager.
~~~
fw favorite:
FORWEAEiWOMEM.
LUBRTCATINO Oil. Cniil» Oil and Oaaollno.
ENSIGN * MeGUFFICK. M Spear «t.. 8. F.
LIQUORS-
U/HICVFV L - CAHEN & SON.
W 11 lotvL I 418 Sacramento.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL' PUMPS
Ti Opemtion Daily. «J5 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMUSEMENTS.
y TO-NlGliT.
\^r EVERT NIGHT THIS WEEK
4»s. Matinees Thursiay
CjV and Saturday.
J(f S. H. Friedlander & Co. have
OV * BB "5U- >^ the honor to announce the lni-
v^-_ tlal engagement in San Fraa-
Mr. James Neill,
And the Incomparable NETLL COMPANY.
Prewntinc First Week. Sol Smith Russell's
Greatest Comedy Success.
A BACHELOR'S
ROMANCE.
LAVISH SCENIC MOUNTINGS.
NOTE— Children under ' years of age not ad-
mitted to any Neill performance.
Beginning TO-NIGHT,
And Continuing for 2 Weeks.
1 Every Nteht, including Sunday— Matinee Sat.
?rgS!»i. *m. B- Vest's B!(i
IP Minstrel
SL Jubilee!
2.%0 == 7O ==
Rrtc GREAT FIKST PART! *
75«. == TO —
== ' EpecSal Feature — The Spectacular
XO -CHARGE OF
HIGHER. FAN JL'AN HIL.U"
PHONE MAIN tX.
MONDAY. TUESPAT AND WEDNESDAY
EVENINGS.
THE DfMEXSE HIT.
Richard Waiton Tui:y"s Successful Farce,
"James V/obberts, I.S.S. Boston."
Character* by Sturter.tf o! the University of
California
TirrREDAY AND FRIDAY EVENINGS an<s
FATURDAT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
M'KETREL «nd VAUO£V LLE ENTERTAINMENT
BY 10C- STUDENTS— II— '.I— BY 100 STUDENTS
SUNDAY EVENING NEXT. April tt— Our
New York Extravacanza Company in Hender-
6on'B Version of
"AN ARABIAN CIRt."
CSL'AL. POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved eeat at all maUm-«-s 25c.
Branch Ticket pfftoe. Emporium.
—EVERY NIGHT INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
THE FAD OF THE HOUR.
"QUO VADIS!"
SEATS SIX DAYS IN ADVANCE.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
CENTRAL PARK, S* £3?
TWO WEEKS. Beginning Saturday. April 14th.
GENTRY'S "'Siurt
Trained Animal Show!
Larcer and Grander than Ever. Twice lta
former site. Three Hundred Elephant*, Ponies,
Monkeye and Do*n Glvim? positively the raoet
urlque and novel exhibition ever witnessed
under canvas. Repr*Fentirur the highest pos-
sible development ol anirrnl lnt*lllir*mce. 75 —
WONIjFRFUL ACTS— 7S. More startling and
difficult than ever performed by thflr human
prototypes In the nawduyt arena. The fad of
the fashionable* and an instructive shew for old
and youns. A mort moral and refined enter-
tainment. The cleaneet and best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. Admission— Children. 10c;
Adults. 2Sc. Performance at J o'clock after-
noon, S:2f« right, fcee Grand Parade at noon
4-w '> *'u\ Bhnv ruin nt «h1n«»
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
16 A GREAT RESTOK ATI ViJ. INV'IGOHA-
tor and Nervine.
The mort wonderful aphrodisiac and .Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs tor both aexes
The Mexican Remedy for Dlf»a*e« of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sell* on Its own merits.
NABER, ALFS & HRUNE. Agenti
0 Market *.. S. F.-<S«nd for ClrcuUr.>
Copyright, 1900,
IV.— THE EBA OF GOOD FEELING.
(1817-1825.)
BY JESSE MACY, LL. D.
Disappearance of Partisanship.
The close of the war of ISI2. followed as
it was by the removal of burdensome re
strictions upon trade and the revival of
business. Inaugurated a period of eight
years which has been called the era of
good feeling because of the lack of parti
san strife which characterized it. Barren
as it has seemed to some of our ablest
historians, the time is memorable as
marking the disappearance of the early
political issues and the rise of other
questions which were to influence pro
foundly the future destiny of the repub
lic Though party conflict was wanting,
yet within this brief space may be found
the seeds or the young growing plants of
all the more important after-party divis
ions and struggles.
The far-sighted Jefferson had lons be
fore predicted that state of political af
fairs which now ensued. As early as lsoi
he had repeatedly mentioned in his corre
spondence his" expectation that the mass
of the Federalist party would adopt repub
lican principles and join the Republican,
party— with the exception, always, of the
MONTICELLO. THE HOME OF JEFFERSON.
lines faded away. As never before the
people felt themselves a nation. Signs of
the new spirit were seen in the system of
internal improvements undertaken at the
national cost, in certain decisions of the
Supreme Court of the United States,
which established the supremacy of that
court over State Judiciaries in Federal
questions, and In the re-establishment of
the national bank.
The tide of foreign Immigration which
now began to flow contributed to
strengthen the national spirit in the
Northern States, to which it was almost
wholly confined. How profoundly this
was to affect public feeling was not at
first perceived, but as years passed and
the sectional rift between North and
South grew wider the Influence of the
continued and ever more copious flow of
foreign population into the Northern
States became clear. To a foreign immi
grant accustomed to centralized govern
ment, the country to which he came was
one. Of the separate States as such he
knew little and for them cared less. The
Immigration of these early years was rap-
Idly absorbed Into the native population
and worked In a single generation a vast
effect upon the national sentiment, ex
cept in the South, where, wanting such
nationalizing aid. the doctrine of "States'
rights" grew to lnordlnant and fatal pro
portions.
The promulgation of the famous "Mon
roe doctrine" in the President's message
of 1523 doubtless contributed something: to
by Seymour Eaton
LIFE LOST IN A
NORTHWEST GALE
OFF THIS PORT
First Officer Johnson of the
Steamer Reporter Is
Drowned.
Chief Officer Ole A. Johnson of the
steamer Reporter lost his life in the heavy
northwest gale off .port Saturday. There
were several minor accidents, and no less
than three vessels had to put back for
repairs, while several that were ready
for sea did not dare to venture out.
The Reporter left here last Thursday
for Cook Inlet, but when two days at sea
the deck was found to be leaking badly,
and Captain LJndberg decided to put back
for repairs. Early Saturday morning the
steamer encountered the northwester
and took some heavy seas. Mate Johnson
was about the deck, making everything
fast, when the steamer gave a sudden
lurch and he lost his balance, falling into
the sea. In spite of the heavy weather
the steamer was hove to and every effort
made to save the mate, but without avail.
He could not swim, and the tremendous
seas soon swallowed him up. Johnson
was a native of Norway, 33 years old.
He leaves a widow and two children, who
reside in this city.
FROM SEA
AND SHORE
THE schooner Lillebonne, which sailed
Saturday for Grays Harbor, got into
the gale and lost her foresail. She
put back and repaired the damage,
sailing again yesterday morning. The
gasoline schooner Monterey had her ma
chinery damaged during the blow to such
an extent that she had to return under
sail for repairs. The pilot boat Grade S
had her topmast head carried away while
attempting to weather the storm.
Fight With Bare Fists.
There was a lively mill on pier No. 7
yesterday morning between the butcher of
the Moana and a member of the stew
ard's department. Bad blood had existed
between tne men for some time, result
ing in a challenge and acceptance. About
twenty-five or thirty spectators formed a
ring and a referee, timekeeper and -sec
onds were appointed. The men fought
with bare fists. Marquis of Queensberry
rules. The flunky was getting all the
worst of it in the fourth round, when he
landed a stiff punch on the butcher's eye,
cutting it wide open. That settled the
matter. The handler of meats acknowl
edged that his opponent was the better
man, and the combatants shook hands.
Missouri Will Be Retained.
Private advices from Washington give
information that the hospital ship Mis
souri will not. after all, be, retired from
the service. The necessary repairs will
be made, and she will be retained in the
Red Cross service. The same, source of
information says that the Badger, recent
ly transferred from the navy to the army,
will never be used as a hospital ship.
The Badger was towed down from Mare
Island yesterday by the tugs Relief and
Alert and tied up alongside the Logan at
the transport dock. She is a very narrow
craft, and sets so high out of the water
that she does not impress the average ob
server as being fit for the hospital serv
ice. She is very rusty, and dirty besides,
and her bottom is fearfully foul. -Chief
Officer Maguire of the Warren brought
her down. He is in line for promotion,
and will likely be appointed her master.
Released .From Quarantine.
Three trans-Paciflc steamers were re
leased from quarantine yesterday. The
transport Sheridan was the first, and she
anchored in the lower bay, where she
will to-day transfer the dead bodies she
has aboard to the bay steamer Caroline.
The Santa Fe steamer Belgian King went
directly to Lombard street wharf,
where she will discharge her cargo. The
O. and O. steamer Doric went to her berth
at the Pacific Mail wharf.
Sail for Alaska.
The steam whaler Beluga, Captain Bod
fish, sailed yesterday on a whaling voy
age. The Alaska Packers' Association's
steamer Elsie and the ship Two Brothers,
belonging to the .same company, sailed
yesterday for Pyramid Harbor with sup
plies.
Lumber for Nome.
It Is estimated that at least 20.000,000 feet
of lumber will be sent to Nome this
spring-. *BWMftßP*3** _
Steam Colliers Kace.
The steam colliers Matteawan and Pro
greso, which arrived late Saturday night
from Tacoma with cargoes of coal, raced
all the way down. They chanced to leave
the Tacoma bunkers at the same time.
The Progreso won the race by four hours,
her time being 100 hours.
Crowley's Launch Held.
Dr. Kinyoun, the quarantine officer, has
held Tom Crowley's launch at the Angel
Island station for three days, and is still
holding it, for the purpose, he told Crow
ley yesterday, of Investigating Wilson, the
man who hired the launch to run along
side of the Moana and talk to a friend
on board, as he claimed. Crpwley says
that Wilson is a contractor, and has some
important work on hand. Dr. Kinyoun
says he does not know the prisoner's right
name, as he has already given three dif
ferent cognomens. Kinyoun thinks the
man, had some scheme to work, and he
proposes to sift the matter to the bottom
before releasing" him. : - ; . '
Wilson Saves Another Life.
William Dugan. better known as
"Beans," an employe of Boatman Henry
Peterson, fell from Howard streef wharf
No. 3 yesterday, striking his head on a
barge and reaching the water in an un
conscious condition. Captain Wilson of
the launch Amy chanced to. see him and
pulled him out. Wilson has a long record
as a - life saver.
Sheridan's Launch Disabled.
The transport Sheridan's steam launch
was disabled off Black • Point yesterday
and 'floated about helplesslessly for an
hour. The launch Amy offered her a tow,
but It was refused. Afterward the launch
reached Meiggs wharf
mrSTERY still surrounds the
death of F. W. Kreling, whose
body was washed up on the sands
of the Berkeley shore a week ago
yesterday. No motive can be assigned
for suicide, and that theory has been
practically abandoned by the relatives of
the deceased. The fact that he was
known to have had considerable money,
some valuable papers and a gold watch
oh his person when he last was seen on
the morning before his remains were
found, which were missing when the body
was examined at the Berkeley morgue,
adds some strength to the suspicion that
the old man ,met with foul play. The
supposition that he was in a boat with
John Uhlberg, the tailor, whose lifeless
remains were found the night previous,
near the spot where Kreling's body went
ashore, and that there is some connection
between the two mysterious deaths is still
being worked upon by the authorities of
the college town, but there is apparently
little upon which to base their suspicions.
Kreling is known to have been afraid
of the water. The story is told that while
members of his family were interested in
the Casino, at the park, he would not
even ride in the skiff that went around
the shallow canal. From this it may be
presumed that if he was in a small boat
with Uhlberg, it was not by his volun
tary act.
The half-filled whisky flask found in
his coat pocket adds some to the mys
tery • as Kreling never drank whisky.
When the body was found the coat was
buttoned, as it was the custom of the de
ceased to wear it. If robbery was the
motive of his taking off it is hardly to
be supposed that the thugs would have
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
for the old man since 1594. The assertion
that he was wealthy is denied by her.
"Mr. Kreling once had considerable
money," she stated yesterday, Vbut he
lost nearly all of it through, litigation
with members of his family. He intended
to go East to sell the original Kreling
homestead near Prospect Park. Brooklyn,
N. Y. The day before he disappeared he
inquired at the Santa Fe office for a
ticket, but could not come to terms. Fri
day afternoon he told me that he intend
ed to leave the next day and said he had
his ticket in his inside pocket, although
we have been unable to locate the office
where he purchased it."
So far as known Kreling was last seen
alive at the California Cafe between 9
and 10 o'clock Saturday morning, a week
ago. From that time his relatives have
been unable to get a trace of his move
ments.
The officials of the Berkeley branch
Morgue are of the opinion that Mr. Kre
ling came to his death from accident. The
wound on* his head is only a slight abra
sion of the skin, such as might have been
caused by the body coming in contact
with the piling of a wharf or where it
beat upon the sands. Deputy Coroner
Streightiff said yesterday that there were
no marks on the body which indicated
violence. : ':? , *,;
¦ "I had the body carefully examined,
said Mr. Streightiff, "and there are some
marks where the body beat upon the
pands before it was taken from the water.
There are no other marks and the vio
lence theory cannot stand. I am still of
the opinion that Mr. Kreling was in the
boat which was seen flying signals of dis
tress off West Berkeley on Saturday. I
have used every "endeavor to trace that
boat, but without result."
The Inquest will be held to-day.
MYSTERY STILE SURROUNDS
THE! DEATH OF KRELING
THE SAN FRANCISCO^CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1900.
facts meet you at 750 Mis-
sion street. Our prices and
our great assortment of Fur-
niture and Carpets will appeal
to you.
A yacht is always polite. It never geta
before the public without a bow.
The Call's
Home Study Circle
DREDOINO PUMPS.
OH, Oaaollne, Steam Hoists, Centrifugal Pump*.
Erttrlnwft ßoilers. HendyMach.Wks.,49 Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. M4A Mission. 8. P.: communi-
cations from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
SupplT fretb or salt water for sluice bozas
Mrh or. low lift*. Slmonri*. S3 Market st.
ROCKERS.
CAPE NOME Force Pump Rocker: hand-power
force pump rocker: lightest, cheapest and best
for beach and creek mining. W. S. PHELPS
& CO.. 15 Drumm st.
GOL V SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. US Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Savlnc Machine. 229 Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GOLD S/VING M\CHINES.
The Eureka Pan Motion; The Centrifugal Gold
Washer, dally at 26 Beale et.
MATThSOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Lone tcm. riffles and carpet combined saves
placer gold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
OROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Outfits packed. ' IRVINE UROS.. L7O Howard.
xos Fourth. 1202 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
6rhsezleln A Burrldce. I Hanlle - plae*. OS
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush street*.
F W. BELL. Central Plating: Works. 852 Mis-
sion st.. 8- F. Phone Jessie JCI.
ROCKERS.'
OnrFEOC Hula-Hula^ Rocker: ¦ Centrifugal
KliLnC «3 Ban<l Pumps: Machinery. PARKE
ti LACY CO.. tl Fremont st.
PORTABLE HOUSES. - %
BtTRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist fts.. Oakland. :or Builders' Ex.. 8. F.
GASOLINK E*GINF.~.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS is filling
.many orders for Nome. - 141-143 First st., S. F.
PILE-DRIVINa ENGINES.
Worthinffton Ste&m Pumps \ft Water Meters,
Mundy Holstlns Enslnes. ' Tatum tt Bowen.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER & HAMILTON. ;Enplnt« and Holler*:
lowest prices on tha coast. Pine & Dans iv.
FUPS
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT ¦> HOEFLICH. 116 Grant aye.V . -¦-
OILS.
5
THE LATE F. W. KRELINO.
fone through his pockets and then care
ully rearranged his apparel. Still, his
watch, all but thirty cents of his money
and his papers are gone.
Mrs. John Kreling, daughter-in-law of
the deceased, insists that he was put out
of the way for a purpose. She scoffs the
idea of suicide or accident. She has caredvv * n «H>-to-dat* hotel. The Bradbury. Every-
thing first class. 1604 Calif omia st.. cor. Polk. •
i
AN ENGINEER : M^^^^^^^, A MERCHANT :
me of stomach trou- '-^^^§§^I^^ m * of Rh eumati6m
b!e after years of suf- 6^^-3«^<4 after ten years " su{ "
>7 ; 2^LAMPHERE,W^^^g|^^^^^^^^ "mRS. WALLACE.
PASADENA, Cal., May 20. 1599.
After repeated eSorU for relief throng* the assistance of physician* and well-known
remedies of a serious Ftomach «.nd kidney trouble, produced by & railroad life, was In-
duced to try Electrozone. The first bottle did me more eood than previous month* of
doctortn*. and consider the second and last one has entirely relieved me of all trouble*.
Z strongly recommend It* use to any one ensa*ed la a railroad occupation that requires
conistax.t traveling. You™ very truly, MwM|fl
J. T. OKR, Conductor No. 1, L A. T. Line, for three years.
Electrozone preparations all drugstores. $1 a bottle. Take no
substitute. Write for pamphlet, Electrozone Mfg., San Francisco.
Tanforan Entries.
Tanforan Park will reopen to-day with
the following card of events:
First race— Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse:
997 Intrepldo 107 1047 Andrattus 107
1027 Moonbrigrht ....107 941 Phil Archibald. 11<>
(9SB)Toah 107 929 Artena 107
971 Floranthe 107 <1037)Homaflre 107
(1062)Lllly Dlggs 107'
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling::
1016 Rosalbra 105 990 Uterp 97
869 Mike Rice 104 960 Yule 100
(1044)Torslna 100 (1043)Poorlands 99
962 High Hoe 101 1051 Casdale 103
1042 Duke of Y0rk.,102 972 Afghan 107
(lol2)Montallade ..V.102 1012 Lodestar 102
1042 Melkarth 102 1055 Storm King 103
Third race— Mile and a sixteenth; three-year
olds and upward; handicap:
1058 Scotch P1aid. ..112 (9«»Chlmura 103
1060 Formero 108 104S Arbaces ICB
(1049)Constellator ...100 (S3l)Rapido 97
1060 Dogtown 102
Fourth race — One mile; three- year-olds; sell
ing:
1026 March Seven... 97. 933Punello 104
(9M)Joe McGee 104 103S Edgardo 99
1040 Jolly Briton.... 99 , (1040)Prestome 107
1033 Tekla 107 1033 Choteau 107
(1051)Ailenna 102 1033 Mont Eagle 104
1040 Burdock 99 1033 My Gypsy 102
1051 Expedient 102
Fifth race— Mile and an eighth: four-yeax-olds
and upward; selling:
994 Einstein 1071 937 Sardonic 10«
1008 Caatake 10S| 1055 Tappan 103
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; thre«-year-olds
and unward; purse:
602 El Arte 115 957 Attlcus 121
1040 Formatus 107 965 Glocoso 107
709 Billy McClskey.l32 1051 Gold Baron. ..."ug
1051 De Blaise 121 1044 Miss Soak U«
1043 Flambeauette .119 1003 Grady IJ3
852 Romany 121 1061 Jllss Rowena,. 119
1044 Los Prletos 121 v
Selections for To-Day.
First race— Corrlgan stable. Moonbrigrht.
Second- race— Afghan, High Hoe, Storm King.
Third race— Chlmura, Constellator. Formenx
Fourth race — Joe McGee, Sunello, Tekla.
Flfth race— Sardonic. Tappan, Castake.
Sixth race— Miss Rowena, Miss Soak, Glocoao.
Champion class. J. Utsehlg. 441 rings; first
class H. Bur/elnd. 410; second class, not filled;
third class, O. L*>mcke, 356; fourth class. Dr.
F. Cranz. 3."0; best first shot. J. Utschig. 25;
best last shot. Dr. F. Cranz, 23.
There was a large attendance at the
monthly medal shoot and cash prize con
test of the Germanla So.huetzen Club. In
the re-entry matches none of the marks
men improved their score? to any extent.
In the medal competition the high men,
in ten-shot scores, twenty-live ring tar
get, were the following:
First champion class. Dr. L. O. Rodgers, 216
rings; second champion clans, H. Huber, 219;
first class. J. F. Bridges, 210; re'.-ond class. D.
Salneld, 193; third class, not filled; best first
shot, F. Brandt, 25; best last shot, Dr. L. O.
Rodgers, 25. .:-••>
The Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club held
its regular monthly bullseye contest for
cash prizes, best cenlers being measured
by machine. Annexed are the prize win
ners in their order: : •,
First prize. J. D. Helse, 399 points; second,
L. Brune, 462; third, J. Oefkin, 673; fourth, J.
Woebcke. 656; n!th. William C. Morken, 692;
sixth, O. Lemcke, 745; seventh. J. de Witt, 755;
eighth, H. H. Burfelnd, 7SB; ninth. H. Huber,
900; tenth, C. F. Rust. 1107; eleventh, F. Kosh,
1210.
Members of the Golden Gate Rifle and
Pistol Club turned out in fair numbers
for the regular contests for class prizes
and trophies. A. F. Hofmelster, a well
known Eastern rifle shot, was a guest and
participated .in the shooting.. Mr. Hof
meister is a member of the Iroquols Rifle
Club of Plttsburg, Perm. He states that
he and several of his club will no doubt
come out here next year to participate in
the great National Schuetzenbund tour
nament. J. E. Gorman completed the re
quired scores for the pistol gold medal,
getting. the necessary percentage, 94 or
better, 'in eighteen entries, ' Standard
American target. His scores are 97, 94,
84, 97, 95, 97, 96, 95. 97, 95. The scores of the
day were as follows:
Rifle, Bushnell trophies, ten-shot scores, 25
rlng target— Dr. L. O. Rodgers, 221; F. E. Ma
son, 225, 220. 224.
First-class trophics — C. M. Henderson, 213.
207; A. B. Dorrell, 207, 203; O. Burner. 201, 179.
Second-class trophics — J. Kullman, 207.
Club medal, gold— A. B. Dorrell, 224, 214; D.
B. Faktor, 221, 214, 217. 214; C. M. Henderson.
224. 211. 199.
Club sliver medal— J. Kullman. 187. 212; A.
Kennedy. 181; W. Unfred. 189. 143; E. Wanne,
191. 173: J. F. Bridges. 199; O. Burner. 214, 215.
Pistol, B0 yards, ten shots, standard Amer
ican target: Champion class trophy — Dr. L. O.
Rodgers, 89; J. E. Gorman, 95, 91, (revolver) S6
87, S9.
First class— A. Bonner (revolver), SO, 81: J.
W. Tompklns (revolver). 66, 77; J. F. Bridges
86, 72, Si; C. M. Henderson, 78.
Class medal— J. E. Gorman. 91. 97.
The scores of the Independent Rifles in
ten-shot strings. Blunt target, with the
musket, were as follows:
G.Kellenberj?er 30, A. Dietrick 26. H. Goetjen
Jr. 20, C. Granz 35, F. Skowran 15. C. H Mel
erdlerks 21. E. Helmke 31. D. Steffens 33, C.
Iverson 29. H. Kuhlke 41, J. Dunnlvan 17, Cor
poral P. Schonig 40, Dr. W. 'A. Melerdierks 39,
C. Schneider 40. C. Herring 15. H. Melsner IS.
A. Wolfgran 18, J. Helmbockle 11, F. Wild 23,
Lieutenant H. Hanson 19.
The Nationals. Companies C and G, N.
G. C. held their regular monthly medal
shoot. Besides this there was a team
match for a dinner. The scores of the
two events, ten shots, Blunt target, were
as follows:
W. Menzel 34, J. F. Norton 44, J. Gillies 39,
H. J. Muscrave 39, P. J. Povey 42, E R
Armstrong 39. T. McGllvery 37, T. G. Bentz 17,
L. W. Grant 35, W. D. Grant 37, W. Galbralth
30. F. F. Carson 41, A. S. Hatfield 39. A. H.
Kennedy 43, C. F. Waltham 45, A. J. Ruddock
43, F. E. Carson 3S, R. C. Howe 23, C B.
Evans 38. A. W. Fawke 31. E. Williams 3S.
C. J. McDonald 38, C. J. Weatherby 42, V. J.
Garibaldi 24. W. F. Unfred 36. W. B. Hund 36.
L. S. Chandler" 34 W. N. Swasey 29, H. May
36. C. Meyer 43. F. J. Kane 30, O. R. Barry
29, A. E. Anderson 43, J. E. Klein 41, J. c.
Roberta 32. F. L. McNally 43, G. J. Petty 34, S
H. Stewart 19, R. C. Barnes 30 and TV. S. Grati
tan 41.
Team match— Captain Ruddlck's team: Cap
tain Ruddick 43. C. F. Waltham 41. 1^ W.
Grant 33. A. S. Hatfield 39. T. E. Carson 38
J. Gillls 39, J. W. Galbralth 30. W. D. Grant
38, V. Garibaldi 27, R. C. Barnes 30. C. J Mc-
Donald 35, C. J. Wetherby 43, E. Williams 38
F. J. Kane 30. C. Meyer 41. S. H. Stewart 19, A
B. Anderson 41. G. Petty 39. Total, 656.
Captain Povey*s team— F. J. Povey 44, A. H
Kennedy 43. W. F. Unfred 32. F. F. Carson 41
H. T. Musprave 32, F. McGllvery 30, E X.'
Armstrong 30, C. B. Evans 33, W. Hand 36,
R. O. Barry 29, R. C. Howe 23, H. W. Fawke
31. C. , S. Chandler 34. A. F. Tooker 37. W.
Gratton 41, W. Stewart (withdrew), W. N.
Swasey 29, H. May 26, F. McNally 41 Total,
629.
Babbitt was touched for ten hits by the
Dudes, but only four runs were netted.
In the first inning Hammond earned the
initial bag by an honest hit and found no
difliculty in squaring things when Hardle
soaked the Bpheroid to far right for three
bases. Old "Pop" was pushed across the
rubber on a single to center field by Dun
leavy. In the fifth inning Hutchinson
swatted the ball to center and ornamented
the initial base. Hardie, who hit safely,
pave him the tip to advance two bags.
Then there was error feasting by McHale
and "Hutch" crossed the plate. The
fourth and last run was added in the
eighth. Dunleavy worked a three-bagger
off Babbitt and scored on Lange's liner
through the pitcher. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer. s. ¦ 4 0 0 0 14 1
Hammond, c 4 110 4 0 0
Hutchison, lb 3 1 1 0 11 1 0
Hardle. r. f 4 12 110 0
Kranrks. 2b 2 0 0 0 2 2 0
Dunlcavy, c. t 4 12 0 3 0 0
Blosklman. 1. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Lanpe. 3b 4 0 2 0 12*
Bevill, p 4 0 10 2 2 0
Totals 33 4 10 1 27 11 1
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO A. E.
McHale. 2b 4 0 0 0 12 1
Courtney. I. f 4 0 10 3 0 0
Pace, c 4 0 0 0 5 2 0
Lockhead. s. 8 4 0 0*220
Babbitt, p S 0 1 0 0 3 0
Morrow, c. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Pelna. lb S 0 0 0 S 0 0
Moore. 3b * 0 1 1 1 S 0
Whelan, r. t J 0 0 • 1 « 0
— — — — — —
: Totals 32 0 4 1 24 12 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland t 0 0 0 1 0 0 1 •— 4
Base hits 30022102 »-10
Stockton 0 00000000—0
Baf* hits 0 10000111—4
SUMMARY.
P.uns renpons!ble for— Babbitt 3. Three-base
hiiP-Kardie. Punleavy. First base on errors—
Stookton 1. First base on cal'.ed balls—Oak
lßnJ 2. Stocktcn 1. Left on b.ises— Oakland 8,
Strx-kton 6. Htruck out— By Bevill 4, by Bab
bitt 6. Hit by pitcher— Hutchlnson. Double
l>lay— Pace to Moore to LockheaJ. Time of
(tame-1 :<;. Umpire — Graves. Official ccorer—
H. S. Mcrarlln.
Sacramento Beats San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO, April S. — Hughes.
Brooklyn's premier pitcher, had ¦no
trouble In shutting out the San Francisco
baseball team at Oak Park to-day, .and
only one man (Rellly) succeeded in reach
inp second base. San Francisco played a
hard, up-hill game and Iburg was touched
for thirteen hits. Score:
SAN FHANCISCO.
AB. R.. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Brnckhorr Sb 4 0 0 0-251
McCarthy, lb 4 0 0 0 7 10
Hildpbrar.d. r. f...:. I 0 1 0 0 1 1
Krujj. r. t 3 0 10 2 11
Levy. I. f 3 0 0 2 0 2 0
Pchwartr. c 3 0 10 6 11
ReiUy, 2b 8 0 10 5 0 0
Peepie*. s. « 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Iburs. p 3 0 0 0 1 J JO
Totals !9 0 4 0 24 14 6
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
V>LauEhl!n. 1. f 5 1 3 0 2 0 0
nevereaux. 3b 4 2 1^220
Easan. s. s 3 2 0 0 S 1 0
BtiuUey. c 4.1 2 0 6 3 0
Hujrhes. p 4 13 113 0
IVyle, r. f 5 0 3 0 0 0 0
Shanahan. c. f 5 0 10 10 0
Henlon lb 3 0 » 0 10 0 0
Etulx. 2b 4 0 0 2 110
Totals 37 7 13 1 27 10 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 4 0020100*— 7
Base hits..... 51020212 •— 13
San Francisco 000000000—0
Base hits 100001110—4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lburg 4. Two-base hits
— Ktanley <2). Devpreaux. McLauffhlin. Sacri
fice lilt— Eaean. First bas* on errors — Sacra
mento 4. First hase on balls — Ibure 5. Left
on bases — Sacramento 12. San Francisco 2.
Struck out— By Hughes £. by Iburg 2. Wild
pitch— lburg. Time of gam«»— l:4o. Umpire-
McDonald. Scorer— l. C. Nathan.
Baseball in the Interior.
VISALIA. April B.— The score of the
league game of baseball between Visalia
and Bakersfl>ld to-day was 11 to 10, in fa
vor of Visalia.
HAN'FORD, April B.— The score in the
Valley League baseball game to-day was:
Fresno 3, Hanford 0. A large crowd was
present. The Fresno battery wUs Maul
and Schwartz, and that of Hanford, Jones
and Carter. The umpire was Williams of
Visalia.
NOTHING COULD
STOP THE BLUE
DOG OF CURTIS
Beacon Wins the Open Stake
Handily in the Best
of Company.
Crawford Lad Proves the Bunner-XTp
After a Great Day's Coursing
* on the Union Park
Field.
There was no greyhound in the stake
at Union Coursing Park yesterday that
could extend Curtis & Son's blue dog
Beacon. He showed more speed than any
dog he met and among these were a num
ber of the fastest greyhounds on the
coast. He first disposed of Rock Island
King, shutting him out pointless. He
then retired Hot Haste, Palo Alto, Ireland
and Vulcan, his kennel mate, in a bye
course, and in the deciding course R. E.
de B. Lopez's great dog Crawford Lad.
This was the longest course of the day,
the score being 16 to 5. Beacon, showed the
speed throughout a great working course,
all of which was done immediately in
front of the grand stand. Crawford Lad
was tryinc all the time, but the best he
could do was to score off the turns made
by Beacon.
; In the fourth round Crawford Lad de
feated Flying Fox, which had been in
stalled favorite at odds of 2'/a to 1. The
course was a pretty one, the Lad just get
ting the turn, after which he outworKed
the San Jose dog: The latter had a nar
row escape in tne previous round, when
he met .r'or Glory. She showed speed
over him, but he ran her down anu In
jured her in a bumping match.
Recording Angel ran three courses with
Joe Farreli on Saturday before it was de
cided which was the winner. She re
peated the performance yesterday with
Ked Hind, the only ldifference being that
the latter was returned the winner at the
third attempt. Palo Alto turned the tables
en Master Clalr, making a show of the
black and white dog. Palo -Alto led by
seven lengths and the farther they went
the greater the gap between them be
came. Palo Alto then defeated Honor
Bright, but struck his colors to the invin
cible, all-conquering Beacon in the suc
ceeding round. He was placed on the
hare once but could not retain his ad
vantage. His kennel mate was retired in
the next round, by Beacon. Ireland had
previously met Vulcan and had defeated
him by a score of 3 to 2. This would have
been 'an undecided course but for a cu
rious act of Ireland's. He caught the
hare, making the score 2 to 2. He then
released it and almost immediately killed,
winning by a margin of one point.
The day was all that could be desired
for coursing after the blustering weather
of Saturday. The detailed results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores, follow:
First round— Gust Abercrombie's Victor Kin?
beat Maher & Iteld's Nellie Bawn, 6—o; F. A.
McC'omb's Sir Pasha beat T. J. Cronln's Wild
Tralec. 3—2; It. E. de B. Lopez's Crawford
Lad beat T. J. Cronln's nose of Tralee. 4— 3;
J. Sheridan's Forest King beat A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty. 5—2: Curtis & Son's Flying
Fox beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist. 4—l:
Curtis & Son's Heacon beat Gus Abercrombie's
Rock Island Kins, 6—o: T. J. Cronln'a Vandal
beat J. Carroll's Auckland. 2—l; J. H. Harri
son's Hot Haste beat Land? & Gerber"s lUenzl,
2—o; J. Carroll's Red Hind beat Pasha Ken
nels' Recording Angel, s—o;5 — 0; Sterl A Knowles'
For Glory beat E. M. Kello&g's Kid McCoy, 3—l;
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Master Clalr, 5—2; T. Logan's Honor
Bright b^at J. Hurley's Shylock Boy, 3—l: M.
Mlchalek's Old Glory beat W*. C. Glasson's
Santanin. 3—2; Curtis & Son's Vulcan beat
Maher & Reid's Uncle Fuller, 4—o:4 — 0: Aeneid Ken
nels' Agamemnon beat H. G. Nichols" May
Herschel, 4—o; E. Geary's Ireland beat R. E.
de B. Lnpez' Wonder, 3—2;3 — 2; R. L. Taylor's
Winning Lassie beat Curtis & Son's Blackette.
3—o;3 — 0; R. L. Taylor's Mose beat Erwin & Lyons'
May >Queen, 3—2;3 — 2; Gus Abercromhle's Rock
Island Boy beat A. Massey's Hadiwlst. 3—o;3 — 0;
J. Cane's Greenhall beat G. Shaman's Walt a
Bit. 4—2; F. A. McComb's Little Sister beat
T. J. Cronln's Thornhlll. 4—2.
Second round — Sir Pasha beat Victor Ktnr,
3—o; Crawford Lad bear Forest Kins:. 6— o;
Flying Fox beat Vandal, B—3;8 — 3; Beacon beat Hot
Haste.- s—l; For Glory beat Red Hind. 6—3;
Palo Alto beat Honor Bright. 4—3;4 — 3; Vulcan beat
Old Glory 3—o;3 — 0; Ireland beat Agamemnon, 6—l:6 — I:
Rock Island Boy beat Mose. 2—o; Little Sister
a bye.
Third round — Crawford Lad beat Sir Pasha,
3—2; Flying Fox beat For Glory. 6—2; Beacon '
beat Palo Alto, S— l; Ireland beat Vulcan, I—2;
Little Sister beat Hock Island Boy, 3—2; Green
hall a bye.
Fourth round— Crawford Lad beat Flying
Fox. 6 — »; Beacon beat Ireland. 8—0; Little Sis
ter beat Greenhall. 7—5.
Fifth round— Crawford Lad beat Little Sister.
s—o:5 — 0: Beacon a bye.
Final— Beacon beat Crawford Lad. 16—5.
THE good fortune to haye one's song
exploited and sung by one of the
most popular comedians and sing
ers does not fall, to the lot of ; the
average unknown 1 writer of melodies.
There is an exception, however, in the
case of ; John |F. Cooney of this city/, who
has but lately finished a new song which
has' been accepted Carroll. Johnson of
West's Minstrel ; Jubilee, which opens at
the- Columbia Theater . this evening.
A few days ago.Cooney sent Johnson a
copy.' of the work; and upon- the arrival of
the comedian in this 'city yesterday he at
once set about to secure a proper orches
tration of the song and local theatergoers
will no doubt soon have an opportunity to
hear this song, which - Johnson says is
the biggest thing turned out by a sons
writer in years.
. Cooney is a well . known • and popular
young man of.: this city, and his many
friends will be: glad to learn of his good
fortune. It is proposed to sing the son«
in connection with the first part of the
minstrel programme, thus giving the en
tire.musical section of the company; an
opportunity to assist In the rendition, of
the ¦ chorus.
HIGH COMPLIMENT TO
SONG WRITER COONEY
The United States Court
has awarded the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n Absolute and exclusive use of the name
BUDWEISER, and all other brewers who have
used that name have been defeated and com
pelled to drop It. E. G. Lyons Co., Wholesale
Dealers, San Francisco. Cal.
MAT NUNAN'S HORSE
ENJOYED A WILD RUN
An Accident at the Park — Fun at the
Chutes and Sutro's
Baths.
Large crowds . enjoyed the day at the
park and beach yesterday. There was
but one accident during the day. A spir
ited horse driven by Mat Nunan. who was
out with his wife for a drive, took fright
near the water tank on the main drive
and ran away. Although the horse near
ly succeeded in freeing itself from the
buggy it was roped and brought to a
standstill by Officer James Kavanaugh.
n nt lr M £'-*, Nunan eaca Ped uninjured.
a™i.^ a ot e^ rg^ made another balloon
ascension at the Chutes yesterday He
came down in his parachute without ac
cident. Following are the results of the
contests at Sutro's Baths:
, F !£XL yard da « V frvenilfr-W. Carroll, flrrt-
J. Wllber, «econd. On« hundred-wS dash
amateur— John Johnson, first; a Sunber*. sec
ond. Tub rac«-W.. Carroll, flrat: pTsunberl
£ C ,°J^r C * rron '- thlrd " Hl * h diving for
wZZr^/V > * mm * n i.S Nt: J - O'Brien, .econd.
Tlrck and fancy dlylngr-P. Carroll, first; F.
Freeman,^second. Underwater «wlmmlnir con
teat—H. Friedman, first: F. Houseman, second.
FOR EASTERN TRACKS.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., April B.—Wednes
day morning Trainer Peter Wimer will
start East with all the horses he has
been training at Churchill Downs since
the close of the Eastern season last fall:
The horses, which will probably make up
the greatest string of thoroughbreds ever
trained. by one man, will go to the Metro
politan tracks, most of them landing at
Sheepshead Bay. They include Jean Be
reaud. The Rush. Harmonica, Killashan
dra. Annoy and Chanticleer, the property
of ex-Secretary of the Navy William C.
Whitney; Kinley Mac, McLeod of Dare.
Order, Lida Holllday, Sharpshooter, Max
Bendiff, Talcose, Flying Torpedo, Julia
Hanover and Edgeworth, owned by Eas
ton'&,Larabie; John E. Madden's.Woos
ter Boy and Brown & Wiggs' Mondour
Grutli Club Shoot.
The Grutll Club was the sole occupant
of the the ranges at Schuetzen Park, near
San Rafael, yesterday. In the b'ullseye
shoot held by it prize winners were as
follow: Ch. Gut, L. Hauser. Joseph Fur
rer, O. yon Wyll. F. Baumgartner, Al
Gehret. J. R. Hauser.
-The medal shoot winners were as fol
low: Champion class — A. Gehret, 430.
First class— R. Hauser, 376. Second class—
L. Hauser,- 406. Third class— T. Furrer,
266.
UNION BUILDERS NOT
AFRAID OF A LOCKOUT
They View With Equanimity the
Threatened Action of the Master
Builders.
To-day was the time set for the threat
ened lockout of the Master Builders' As
sociation, but it does not seem likely to
arrive as per schedule. In fact, the build-
Ing trades care but little whether the
members of the association declare a lock
out or not, for they say the work the dis
contented control is too Email to be con
sidered seriously.
The Master Builders' Association is. a
new organization made up of a few build
ers, who seceded from the Builders' .i Ex
change an<l» the Builders' Association
after those two organizations adopted the
new schedule of wages and certain regu
lations regarding the membership of fore
men in the various building trades unions.
The seceders refused to recognize the
new union scale and refused to entertain
the idea of unionizing the foremen, so as
all the other builders accepted the new
order of things the objectors started to
form] an organization all their ; own. ' It
was announced that : they would declare
a lockout of all-union men on their Jobs
to-day, but the announcement has caused
no more than passing comment among
the building trades. •
"The principal builders of the city are
all in the Builders' Exchange or in the
Builders' Association," said P. H. Mc-
Carthy, president of the Building Trades
Council yesterday, "and It should, be un
derstood that with those two organiza
tions the building trades unions are In
perfect harmony. This Master Builders'
Association is formed of men who left the
two other organizations and It" is only
necessary for people to understand that
in what they do they have not the sup
port of the Builders' Exchange or the
Builders' Association."
Should the threat of the new organiza
tion be carried out It cannot amount to
anything more than a. ripple on the sur
face. Locking out builders [Is not , like
locking out men who work In a shop. In
the shops it would probably stop the
work, but with the builders the discon
tented bosses can do no more than keep,
union men away from the contracts
that they control. According to the union
men the whole of the new organization
does not control $25,000 worth of work, and
at least $19,000 of this Is In one contract
already near completion. ¦ ,
and several other high-class runners.
Over 600 thoroughbreds are training at
Churchill Downs. Lieutenant Gibson
owned by Charles H. Smith of Chicago,
worked a mile and an eighth with 115
pounds up in 1:56 this morning. He went
the mile In 1:412-5, which is the fastest
work done at the track this spring.
SECOND SHOOT OF THE
EMPIRE GUN CLUB
ALAMEDA, April B.— The Empire Gun
Club held its second shoot of the season
at Alameda Point to-day. On account of
the high wind no record-breaking scores
were made, though the weather did not
keep a large crowd of enthusiastic gun
ners from attending. In the Schumacher
handicap trophy shoot. 20 birds, the scores
were as follows: Haver, 18; Webb 18- De
benham. 19: Juster, IS; Searles, 16; Baird
16; Durst, 17: Allen, IS; Trombone, 18; Ja
vette. IS; Tellerson. 16; Cullen. 15; La
Motte. 19: Feudner. 19; Alden. 18; Haile
18; Rlcklefson. 18; Howlett. 16.
The Slate championship match. 25 b'rds
resulted in the following scores being
made: Haver. 20; Feudner. 23: Webb 22-
Debenham, 21; La Motte, 20; Javette Jr
21: Trombone, 22. "
In the gold watch and classification
event. 25 birds, the scores were as follows-
Morse, 14; Haver. 21; Debenham. 20; Balrd
20; Javette, 18; La Motte 18; Guyett 10 :
Webb. 24; Lambert, 11; W. Ireland' Y>-
Searles, 8; Allen, 19; Cullen, 12; Durst 19 :
Howlett. IS; Houpt, 10; Halle. 15; Howiett'
17; Lewis. 4; Alden, 14; Halle, 16; Rosen
berg. 14; Ole Olson. 19.
The money match. 25 birds, resulted In
the following scores: Haver, 20; Debcn
ham, 18; Balrd, 17; Webb. 21; Rosenberg
14; Juster, 8; V. J. La Mott.-. 17; Allen 15 :
Durst. 21; Howlett, 21; Rosenberg 9- Lam
bert. 11: Ireland, 9; Searles, 12; Cullen 13-
Howlett and Durst tied for second piace
and In the shoot off, at 10 birds Durst won
scoring 8 breaks to Howletfs 7. Webb
took first money and Alden third.
In the merchandise race, 20 birds, handi
cap, the scores were: W. Ireland 12-
Houpt. 14; Allen, 14; Balrd, 16; Searles 14 :
Lambert. 19; Webb, 16; Guyett, 15; Haver'
12. Lambert was first and Balrd and
Webb second and third respectively
+ Do not miss The Call's
-?- Easter number— out April 15. +
+ In addition to interesting and "?"
timely articles appropriate for
? the joyous closing of the tent- +
+ en season, there will be some -f
full-page halftone productions ?
+ of specially chosen subjects by +
+ leading artists of America. ?
"?" You will want these for deco- +
+ rative posters.
? +
His Bullet Finds the Heart of the Bird at the Annual
Eagle Shoot at Shell Mound Park.
JOHN OLDAG IS SHOOTING
KING OF THE RED MEN
STOCKTON WINS
TWO GAMES OUT
OF THE SERIES
Ragged Ball Played by the
Dudes in the Afternoon
Match.
Lockhead of Stockton Distinguishes
Himself b7 Brilliant Fielding
and Stick Work and
Breaks a Leg.
Stockton S. Oakland 1
The game at Recreation Park yesterday
efternoon was baseball at times. A vic
tory in the morning in their native burs
had filled the heart* of the Dudes with a
debilitating' happiness and when the after
noon caxne they forgot where they were
and committed every brea.cn of baseball
eticjuette iv the code.
Oakland did not lose the game because
her btick-wieJders were unable to find
Harper. Eleven times his curves were
untwisted, but then the Stockton team did
not revel in a pile of moth-eaten errors,
four cf which were registered by "Oom
Paul" Laiige. who wouid better eacriflce
his whiskers, as they seem to affect u:a
borne pretty fielding, especially by
Lockntaa, who ir.tt w;t!» an unfortunate
aeeiceiu in the eolith, was the teature of
the guine. Tne score was so cne-tide<i as
to otrtract interest In the result.
Three Stocktonians pedaled the rubber
the hrst rattle cut oi the box. McHale
walked to Urst on a quartet of bails, steal
ing second with grace ajui precision.
Courtney took a ball on his spine and
first base at the same time. Pace's out
advanced both runners a bag and a two
base hit by L*)ckhead sent them home.
A single by BaLbitt to left Held and a bit
of Indecision by Moskimaa enabled Lock
head to score.
Full of trmgy, btwhSskered errors was
the Xirst part of the third inning, which
added four runs to the Stockton list.
Lockhead and JJabbitt went to the bags
on hits, advancing a station on ii passed
ball. Lockhcad scored on Morrow's out,
liabbitt following across the rubber on an
f rror by fitj»*r«n«, Then Selna and Moore
found themselves on the bags and they
were pushed over the plate by a double
from Mcllaie's bat. Bteffanl was not hit
ega.in during the game, for Mosniman
took his place in the box in the next inn-
Ing. Ueviil going to center field and Dua
leavy to left.
The fourth chopped the ice for the
Dudes. Francks forgot himself and shook
the stick for a hit, ttole second and went
to third on Mos=k:man's out, scoring on
Langes hit to left.
In the sixth Courtney was presented
•with first bus through the kindness of
Bevill, who dropped a quiet, easy, unde
monstrative fly ball. Then Pace drove the
spheroid against the score board and
Courtney scored. The prettiest fielding of
the day occurred in this inning. Francks
drove a high hot liner over Lockhead's
head, but the latter pulled it down with
his right, making a semi-circle turn.
Hardir-, who was on first, was doubled.
It v.as a phenomenal catch, in the sev
«-nth Moore scored for Stockton, being
fce'.pf-d along by a couple of errors.
After a most brilliant exhibition of base-
Vail both in the field and with the stick.
Lockhead. the Stockton shortstop, met
with an accident in the eighth inning that
¦will incapacitate him from participation
in the diamond sport for many months.
While fielding a ball from "Pop" Hardies
bat he collided with Courtney, who covers
the left territory for Stockton, breaking
his left leg between the ankle and knee.
When the accident occurred Lockhead
¦was really in Courtney's territory.
Through eagerness and keen interest in
the game he took what was a very diffi
cult chance and would have caught the
tall were it not for the collision. Both
players came together with terrific force
and rolled over on the ground, the ball
between them. Lockhead, his mind on
the play, despito the Injury which he had
received, arose from the ground and threw
the ball to third to head off the runner.
Hardly had the ppheroid left his hands
when he ff-11 writhing in pain. Soon after
he was removed to the Receiving Hospi
tal. wr*>re his leg was *=et. He was taken
to Stockton on the late afternoon train.
Lockhead is a resident of Stockton and
one of the best players in the league.
Last srason he was East, in the big
league, but failing to secure an engage
ment this season, he signed with Stock
ton.
The score:
STOCKTON.
AD. n. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
IJcHale. 2b ana c. f. 4 1 2 1 3 3 0
Courtney, 1. t 4 2 0 110 0
Pac*. c 4 0 2 13 2 0
Lockhead. s. a S 2 S 2 2 C 1
Babbitt. 1. t. & 2b... 5 12 2 13 0
Morrow, r. f 5 0 0 0 10 0
Selna, lb ! 1 1 0 12 0 r,
Moore. Sb 5 2 114 10
Harper, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Whelaa. c. f... ...... 0 0 0 0 0. 0 0
Total* «1 8 11 8 27 18 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. 811. 88. PO. A. E.
Fchnw*r, c • 8 0 0 0 2 11
Hammond, c 4 0 10 5 0 0
Hutchinson, lb I 0 S 0 12 0 0
Haxtlie, r. f 4 0 2 0 3 10
Francis. 2b 4 1113 4 0
rmr.lea.ry, 1. f. & c.f. 4 0 10 10 1,
Mocklman. p. & 1. f . 4 0 2 0 1 2 0
Lar.jre. Sb. , 4 0 10 0 0 4
Eteffacl. p 10*0040
Bevill. c f S 0 1 0 0 0 1
Total* 84 1 11 1 27 12 ~7
RUXS AlfX> HITS BY INNINGS.
Btockton S 04001100— a |
Baee hits 20410112 o—ll ]
Oakland 0001 00000—1
P-ao" hlte 2 2 0 10 112 I—ll
ETMMAKT.
Two-base hits— Lockhead, McHale, Pace, Bev
111, Hutchlnson. Sacrifice hits— Pace, Harper
F*!rrt ba»e on errors— Stockton 6. Oakland 1.
F"lr*t ba»e on called balls— Stockton 2. Oakland
J. L«ft on banes— Stockton fi. Oakland 8. Struck
out— By Harper I,'fcy Mosklman 3. Double plays i
—Babbitt to Ixx-khead to Pelna; Lockhead to
Pelna. Hit by pitcher— Courtney. Pasoed ball-
Hammond. "Wild pitches— Steffanl 1, Harper 1.
Tinje of tame— Two hours. Umpire— Graves'
6corer— Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 4, Stockton O.
The morning game at Oakland was
rattling baseball and gave Bevill, the
new Oakland twlrler, his first chance to
ehlne. Only four hits were made off his
delivery. Errors were few, each side hav
ing a 6ingle stroke registered against it.
GOOD COURSING
WAS THE RULE
AT INGLESIDE
Tea Rose Captured the Final
With Golden Rule as
Runner Up.
The New Dog Overture Made a Satia
factbiy Showing and "Was Only
Beaten Out by the Stake .
Winner.
The patrons of Ingleslde Coursing Park
were treated to a good programme yester
day in the finals of the open stake. Tea
Rose won the deciding course with Golden
Rule as runner up. The latter dog showed
up well all day and won his courses after
hard runs.
Considerable interest was shown in the
imported dog Overture and the newcomer
made a good impression.' The general
opinion is in his favor and many coursing
men predict that after rounding up to
form Overture will hold with the cracka
jacks. He certainly showed up well in
the last stake. McKinley and Benlcla Boy
furnished an interesting course in the
third tie. A hare full of ginger was
turned loose and kept well in the lead of
the dogs. Two relief dogs were turned
loose and the hare took them all over the
field before a kill was scored. The course
was too grueling for McKinley and he
was withdrawn.
Theron gave the stake winner a hard
go in the second tie and showed the speed
leading to the hare. Tea Rose outworked
the dog, however, anil won a close race.
Lottie M. and St. Anthony ran well, but
had hard courses.
Following are the day's results with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Open stake— First tie: H. A. Peckelman's
Rocker beat J. H. Perigo's Controller. 3-2: R.
E. de B. Lopez & Son's St. Anthony beat
M. J. Kelly's Xlght Time. 7-2; A. T. Leonard's
Master Lawrence beat A. Johnson's Tcxl Sloan.
7-4; Sterl & Knowles 1 Olita beat D. J. Hea
ley's Maggie N. 4-2; James O' Shea" 9 Golden
Rule beat J. M. StiUwell's Esmeralda. 3-2;
H. Lynch's Lottie M beat T. J. Mcllugh's
Maid of the Mill. 5-0: J. I. O'Brien's Wandering
Tom beat James O'Shea's Young Ameri'-a. 4-3;
D. J. Healey'a Lady Claire beat E. M. Kel
lottc's Lady Gllmore, 7-5; Harrigan & Wle
gand's Overture beat E. M. Kellotrg's Hum
mer, 6-0: Conneil Bros.' Mamie Pleasant beat
D. J. Healey's Grenada, 5-0; T. Tlerney's Tea
Rose beat Curtis & Son's Cash. 8-2: George
Whitney's Theron beat H. H. Gray's Rons, 4-2:
H. H. Gray's Terronette beat James Dean's
Brilllanttne. 8-0; Curtis & Son's McKinley beat
H. Lynch's Lexington, 9-7; H. A. Deckelman'a
Lawrence beat E. M. Kellogg' s lowa Boy. 3-0;
P. Brophy's Benlcia Boy beat P. Horgan's Lu
cretla Borgia, 4-0.
Second tie— St. Anthony beat Rocker. 8-2:
Master Lawrence beat Olita. 12-7; Golden Rule
beat Lottie M. 5-3; Lady Claire beat Wander-
Ing Tom. 3-2; Overture beat Mamie Pleasant.
4-0; Tea Rose beat Theron. 5-4; McKinley beat
Terronette, 7-0; Benlcia Boy beat Lawrence.
3-0.
Third tie— St. Anthony beat Master Law
rence. 4-1; Golden Rule beat Lady Claire, 3-2:
Tea Rose beat Overture, 3-1; McKinley beat
Benicla Boy. 24-6.
Fourth tie — Golden Rule beat SL Anthony,
4-3; Tea Rose a bye.
Final— Tea Rose heat Golden Rule, 8-2.
Unfinished open make of April I—Russell.1 — Russell. Al
len & Wilson's Belle Claire beat A. T. Leon
ard's Mayflower, 5-2; Russell. Allen & Wllson'a
Palmflower beat James Byrne's Battleship.
6-2: J. R. Smith's Victor Queen a bye.
Second tie— Belle Claire beat Victor Queen,
3-1: Palmflower a bye.
Final— Belle Claire beat Palmflower, 9-3.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, . MONDAY,- ' APEIL 9, 1900.
HEART DISEASE
Some Facts Regarding' the Rapid In-
crease of Heart Trouble,
¦
Heart trouble, at least among . the
Americans, la certainly increasing an'!
while this may be largely due to the ex-
citement and worry of American business
life. It is more often the result of weak
stomachs, of poor digestion.
Real organic disease Is Incurable; but
not one case In a hundred of heart trou-
ble is organic.
The close relation between heart trouble
( and poor digestion is because both or-
gans are controlled by the same great
nerves, the Sympathetic and the Pneu-
mogastric.
In another way also the heart Is af-
fected by the form of poor digestion,
which causes gas and fermentation from
half digested food. There is a feeling of
oppression and heaviness in the chest
caused by pressure of the distended stom-
ach on the heart and lungs, interfering
with their action: hence arises palpita-
tion and short breath.
Poor digestion also poisons the blood,
making it thin and watery, which irri-
tates and weakens the heart.
The most sensible treatment for heart
trouble is to improve the digestion and
to Insure the prompt assimilation of food.
This can be done by the regular use af-
ter meals of some safe, pleasant and ef-
fective digestive preparation, like Stu-
art's Dyspepsia Tablets, which may be
found at drug stores, and which contain
valuable, harmless digestive elements in
a pleasant, convenient form.
It is safe to say that the regular, per-
sistent use of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
at meal times will cure any form of stom-
ach trouble except cancer of the stom-
ach.
4 QUART BOTTLES $3.20.
Express charges prepaid.
Highest grade for Medicinal or Family use.
We give you the benefit of the middlemen's
profit, besides you ax* guaranteed ths» cer-
tainty of 59tfiB
PURE WHISKEY.
Nothing on case to Indicate contents.
Money refunded If not satisfactory.
Reference, any business firm and commercial
agencies.
f». EF»HR/*I/V\ A? CO..
Distillers' Agents.
IS Montgomery street. San Francisco, CaA.
C7Twice the price could buy no beuesi
specialists for mers.
Pay when well. Advice and private
hnr\ free, office or mall. Home cures
731 MARKET ST.. San Francisco
TSS'Ge Ehi
Wholesale and Retail
Dealer In 14 ve and * contract to fur-
Dressed Poultry and nlsh. for 2or 8 years.
G *™«- any and all dub*. Ltv.
504 Front St. 0^ 9
6
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EAGLE KING JOHN OLDAG.
JOHN OLDAG is the "Schuetzen
King" of the Red Men Schuetzen
Company for the present year. He
won the title and the honors that go
with it yesterday at the annual eagle
shoot which took place at Shell Mound.
; The whole company was there with their
i families and friends. Those who cared
i not for marksmanship enjoyed themselves
: in the dancing pavilion— for the organiza
! tion gave a picnic as well — or lunched in
the arbors of the park. The main attrac
tion, however, was the prize contest for
the shooters.
The '-'eagle" was a large wooden repre
sentative of the noble bird at the top of
a large pole on the bay shore. It was so
made that wings, legs and other parts of
its anatomy came down separately on be
ing struck by a bullet. Early in the day
the whole company lined up in uniform
for an opportunity to secure a prize, and
ere the last piece, the breast, came down !
several hundred pounds of lead had been
dropped into the bay. The bird was a
tough old fowl, for it would not disinte
grate easily.
At last John Oldag's bullet found the
vital spot in the breast, and by the time
it reached the ground the new king was
picked up bodily, seated in a chair, which
was placed upon a table, and the company's i
monarch was carried into the pavilion on I
the shoulders of biff, cheering marksmen, j
There \V. Kreutskamm introduced the
king and presented him with the kingly
modal and several shining pieces of
noney, with which the recipient made his
subjects merry in .the proper way. Cap
tain H. Grieb, the! retiring king, made a
few remarks and presented the "king's
j belt." or sash, and the wreath. Then the
( king talked and everybody cheered, for j
I the king said "Was trinken sle?" The
prizewinners Jn their order were the fol
lowing:
King prize, eagle's breast, John Oldau; first
prize, crown, W. Dressier; second prize, scep
ter, JaVk Mohr; third prize, apple, H. Grleb;
fourth prize, ring, Henry Schulz; fifth prize,'
I head. C. Becker; plxth prize, neck. G. Wagner;
i seventh prize, right claw, C. 'Oldagr; eighth \
! prize left claw, I). Wolpern; ninth prize, right j
j wing, C. Bolsdorf; tenth prize, left wing, 11.
! Melsner; eleventh prize, tail. H. Bach.
The success of the whole affair was due
to the management of the committee,
composed of W. Kreutskamm, Captain H.
Grieb, H. Bach, A. Tamke, C. Stein and
John Oldag.
There were plenty of other shooting
clubs on the range and the attendance was
large. A few good scores were made, but
a gusty wind prevented much fine work.
The San Francisco Sehuetzen Vereln
started out yesterday with a clean sheet,
the monthly medal contest being the ini
tial shoot of the present season. The
club has been reclasslfled and new medals
are up for competition, the conditions be
ing the same as heretofore, 20 shots, 25
ring target. Annexed are the high' scores:Cathedral Council Outing.
The officers of the Cathedral Council
No. C 9, Young Men's Institute, are al
ready preparing for their annual outing,
to be held on Saturday, May IS. The af
fair will be In charge of the following
committee: P. F. McCarthy. D. C. Deasy
J. D. Mahoney. F. J. Gonzales, C. Beards
ley. P. J. Farrell. T. P. Martin. L. A.
Kelly. W. P. Kecgh and E. J. Dallard.
LARGE CROWD ATTENDS
OPENING OF EL CAMPO
Barring a few fights and numerous
wordy wars, the reopening . of ¦El Campo
yesterday was devoid of excitement. The
pretty pleasure resort attracted" nearly
5000 people to its confines, and every one
but the few unfortunates who missed the
last boat home are happy In the belief
that they had an enjoyable outing. The
day was an ideal one, the music furnished
by Blum's orchestra air that could be de
sired and the dancing pavilion floor Just
smooth enough for dancing.
The rough element was outnumbered
by the more orderly 'class, but this did not
deter the former from "cutting up," as Is
their usual wont. The three policemen In
attendance had a comparatively easy
time, however, holding the hoodlums in
subjection. No arrests were made and
not one man was hit with a club.. Withal,
the crowd was a good-natured one and
was out to have a good time. In this
they succeeded, as the spacious grounds
afforded many opportunities for quiet en
joyment. Many danced until the Ukiah's
whistle warned them that It was'time to
depart, : while others boated and fished In
the smooth stretch of water which sur
rounds the resort.
GUN MEN INCREASE
THEIR TRAP SCORES
Live Pigeon Shooters and Bluerock
Breakers Enjoy Some Good Sport
at Ingleside Grounds.
The Olympic Gun Club held its regular
weekly shoot yesterday at the Ingleside
grounds. Aside from the club medal
choot a handicap match for the special
challenge medal was held, resulting in a
victory for M. O. Feudner, who holds the
medal subject to challenge. Following are
the scores:
Club race. 12 birds— HaJght, 11- Oolcher, 12;
c»nds 10: Ku'.lman. 7; Schultx, 12; Justlna. 11;
Owen 9-9: Shields, 9: Stone. 12; Williamson.
11- Fred Feudner, 10; Winner. 9; Bruner, 10;
Sl'ade 11: H. Kullman. 8; Shultz, 11: linger.
11-9- J. Kullman. 8: Roes, 9; J. V. Coleman.
8-7- Derby. 10; Homer, 7; Hosmer. J; M. O.
Feudner. 11-11: Sweeney. 11-1 L
Olympic special challenge live bird
medal handicap— Score: Zl. O. Feudner,
23 birds at 30 yards, 21: Shields, 25 birds
at 2S yards, 19.
The San Francisco Gun Club held Its
weekly meeting at Ingleside yesterday,
and broke "bluerocks" with the following
results:
l'firular club medal shoot— Hal jrht, 21; Shultz,
20- Klevesahl, 18-22: Murdock. 20: Rtcklefson,
TXI23- Bears. 14-20: King. 11; Foster, 21; Roes,
1»- Fischer. 15; Weil. 8-10; Dr. Derby.. 18-22;
Feudner 23-2*; Sweeney. 18: Wands, g; Wie-
Bchaupt.' M-8: Whitney. IMS; Karney, 21-23;
Dreyfus, 11: Bruns. 22; Brockbatk, 16; Jackson,
is. ¦ --¦¦'>':¦ _ . . ¦ ;.:•'.:
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
|^ wharf. San Francisco:
V»*>»^__ For Alaskan jjorts— lo a. m..
Kf\ Arril 11. 16, 21. 26; May 1.
KS**'V»»*N' : £n Chansri? to company's BtPamer»
R^vW^S >%1 F^ r Victoria, Vnncouver (B.
«j^Jv!y«^l C), Port Townpend. ppattl^,
I ?aJ Tncoma, Everett, Anaoortes
• an( j >?ew Whatcom (Wash.) —
™ 10 a. m., April 11. ]6. 21, ZB;
May L and every fifth day thereafter; change
at- Senttle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. R)'.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ;
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. •
For Eureka/ Humboldt Bay— l p. m., April
J4. 19. 24. 29: May 4 and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Crua, Mont^r«y. San Simeon, Cay-
upos. Port Harford (San Luis Onlspo), Gavlota.
Santa Barbnra, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport — 9
a. tn.. April ?, 13. 17. 21. 25. J9: May 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For P«M) Dl»>iro, stopping: only at Port Harford
(San • Luis Oblsno). Pn nta Barbara, Port Los
Angel'>i> and iWomlo (Los Angeles)— ll a. m .
April 7, 11.. J5, J9, 23. 27: May L and *vi>ry
fourth day ther»>aft»«r.
For Kn«Hia«la. "Mflßdalena Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guayman, (Mexico) — 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder. -
The company reserves the right to change
steamers. Mlllng dntes and hour* of nailing,
without previous notice.
TICRfeT OFFIOK-4 N.»w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & l«. COi
DISPATCH FAST BTKAMERS TO
T* O PL T L -A.2>T:d
- " From Esear-str«et Wharf at 10 a. m
FARF ¦fl 2 / lrßt 5 l 5l 5f s - lnclu «"cs Berth
I HilL $8 Second Class and Meais.
COLUMBIA sails.. .........................April 8
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwent'
Through tickets to all points East. .
B. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market at
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
J(S!3&iftti?in&!Bo* IP* ,B, B - 8 - Moana
tr£mw*™* I^^
Bv?/!>^l Wednesday, April 18.
Iv^&rtlMlTlSnlD 11 - Th * H - S Aujtrnlla
$££££? * alls for Honolulu
JOg**^ Wednesday, -May 8.
¦¦«?-- ¦¦-¦-¦ !x J ¦"¦' 1900. at! d. m.
¦ Favorite line around the world via Hawaii,
Samoa, New.: Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; (610 first class.
i. D. fer*>t£CKbL;> <k tl.tuS.CO., Agts., 114 Montaoman
Pi«r 7, Foot Pacific SL Freijjht Office, 327 HarV-i.SL.
PROMPT WORK SAVED
ADJOINING PROPERTY
Fire Department Confined a Big Blaze
to One Building and Prevented
a Disastrous Fire.
A costly conflagration was nipped Jn the
bud pesterdajr morning by the prompt and
«-nergotic work of Chief Sullivan and his
men. Fire broke out about 9:30 o'clock in
the planing mills of Noach & Kitchen, at
r:4 Fifth street, and for a short space of
time threatened to destroy the inflam
mable pro;>erty in its immediate vicinity.
Cbtef Sullivan, appreciating the danger to
Furrounding property, turned In a second
alarm from box IS6, and more men were
»<oon on the scene and battling with the
fiameF. Within an incredibly short space
of time the lire was got under control,
end the adjoining properties were only
damaged by smoke and water.
Leopold H. Birth, whose planing mill
at 705 Bryant street is In back of the
burned Ftructure, discovered the fire and
turned in an alarm from his auxiliary box.
The shavings and dry wood stored in
Noach & Kitchen's mill burned like tin
der, and in a short time the building was
a mas=B of flames. The firemen fought the
fire from all flo^s and flooded the interior
with water. They also made great efforts
to prevent the spread of the flames, and
In this they succeeded.
The building adjoining. 514 Fifth street,
¦which was occupied by J. G. Klemm. a
cabinet-maker. Fred Krajewekl and C. O.
Schnoor, was slightly damaged by the
flames, and Its contents by smoke and
wator.
The origin of the fire Is unknown, but
it Is thought to have started through the
carelessnfcss of one of the employes' use
of matches. All losses are covered by in
mrance. The buildings are owned by F.
Korbel & Uros., and were also insured. •
About five years ago fire started in the
same block and consumed nearly a block
<if bui!ding>= before the flames could be
checked. Fortunately the fire yesterday
was quickly discovered, and as no wind
was blowing, further loss was prevented.
NEW RAILWAY FOR
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
J. F. Thompson of Eureka Believes It
Will Be the Nucleus of a Trans
continental Line.
J. F. Thompson, proprietor of the Hum
boldt Dally Standard, has been a jruest at
the Grand Hotel for the past two days
and will leave for Eureka this morning.
Mr. Thompson, who Is also Receiver of
the Land Office at Eureka, In enthusiastic
regarding the building of a new railway to
be known as the Canlfornla Northern,
which he believes will be the nucleus of a
coast line from San Francisco to Port
land, Or., and ultimately connect with the
San Francisco and North Pacific road at
Ukiah in one transcontinental road.
"A large amount of capital is behind
this project," eaid Mr. Thompson. "The
California Northern will run from Eureka
to Arcata and join the Mad River road,
connecting the latter point with Kerbel.
Surveys have been made to continue the
road to Crescent City, Del Norte County.
By the addition of other small spurs a
through line will be had between Crescent
City and Ukiah.
"The road is bound to do a large busi
ness, for it will tap the richest redwood
section in the world, situated In Del
Norte. Humboldt and Mendocino coun
ties. The enormous total of 100,000,000,000
feet of standing redwood lumber is con
tained in that section. With the connec
tion of the Eel River. Mad River, Califor
nia Northern and Donahue roads, the
products of this rich country will be
brought to the very door of Eureka, which
has the only harbor in those parts. I
look for a through line from San Fran
cisco to Portland and then across the con
tinent."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I W HI pnarantee.
/ *si? J &i**&*fa at m 7.m 7. Khvunutidii!
/!^^»3**b£* <% ure W *H relieve lum
KfaF aifo « sciatica and all
kA JK^grheamatic pains in
ajjv-n'^y wo or three honrs,
fy *^Mar and cure in a few
\ trtyM " MUNTON.
>^^JJ^rC. At *11 drngsists,
W^feafc^Tf-^t^K. 25c. a vial. Guide
\ly^SSti^gw to Health and medi-
'l I 6r cal advice fre«.
1 I 1 1505 Arch Bt.. PhUa.
CAPE NOME
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American
Steamship.
(CAPACITY aOOO TONS)
FOB 101 DIRECT,
Sailing from San Francisco
liiay, lay 21,1900.
Special rates for frelcht and Insurance.
Through passenger and freight lerrlca to
TJawscn and all points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
139 POST STREET.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t H'OR THE
j&fe CAPE NOME
PHI GO FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
Will Sail From San Francisco MAY 14th for the
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS*
Via Seattle, leavinc there May 13th. Subse-
quent trips will be from Seattle direct, namely:
June list. July 21st and August 20th. Passen-
gers are advised to Inspect the Senator before
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
second-class and steerage accommodations are
superior to the first-class accommodations on
most of the steamers advertised for Nome.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company haa been
running Its steamers to Alaska— winter and
summer — for 25 years and Is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For further information In-
quire of J. F. TROWB RIDGE. Ocean Dock.
Seattle. Wash. N. POSTON. 249 Washington
St.. Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. 124 West Sec-
ond St.. Los Angeles, Cal.. GOODALL. PER-
KINS A CO., Gen. Agents, 4 New Montgomery
St., or 10 Market St., San Francisco. Cal.
KAILBOAD TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTER ST. C<X-
x^mssmE]
SAB HARCISCO AND NORTH PACIFB
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttfcuron F*rry. F°»t of Market M.
SAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 11:3,
1:80 6:10, <:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extrm. trips at 1:51
and 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. 1:30. 11:00 a, m.| I:S\ l.J\
5:00, «:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEI. TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:60. »:W. 11:10 a, m.; 13:41,
1:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* ai
1:55 and 6:36 p. m.
BUNDATS— B:IO, I:4ft, 11:10 a. m.: VAX 1:40. 1:68,
6:25 p. m
Between Ean Francisco and Schuetien Park
Mim* schedule aa abovs. ¦ :
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco, j
¦ — — ¦ — October 15, 1 ¦ 1
Week Sun- 1539. Sun- I Week ¦
, Days. days. . Destination. days. | Daya.
7:Soam 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:?0 am Petaluma. 1:05 pm 10:2S am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Roe*. 7:33 pm| 1:23 pn»
Fulton.
TiM am Windsor, 13:15 aca
Healdsburs;,
Lytton,
Qeyservllle,
' 1:89 pm 1:00 am CloverdaJe. T:SS pm 1:23 pt» ¦
1:30 ami I Hopiand aad I I
I 8:00 am| Uklaa. | 7:35 pm| 8:23 pra
T:Soam 10:35 aza •
8:00 am QuernevUle. T:35 pm
1:30 pm J 6:23 pm i
1:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma - »:l£ am 8:40 am'
and
(:10 pm 6.00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 4:23 pro •
7:30 ami X :00 am 1 SebastopoL 110:45 am'lo:2S am
8:30 pm[ 6:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| 6:23 pm :
Stapes connect at Santa Rca for Mark West ;
Bprings and White Sulphur Springs: at Lytton •
for Lytton Springs; at GeyservlUe for Skagga j
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop- j
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprinirs. I
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Pprlngs. Blue^ Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lak#, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno, .
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's. ;
Bucknell's, Sannedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr**
Hot Springs. Mendocino C.ty, Fort Bntars.
¦ Westport. Usal.' Willltts. Laytonvllle. Cum- j
mlng*». Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and nureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*. •'
' etaced rates.
On Sunday round-trio tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices «50 Market St.. Chronicle bla«.
i BL C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General Manager. -Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUnr TAMALPrII-> &CE.NIC KfULWAf
l^eave San Fr&nciscu via tiausalito Ferry.
Week Daya ...9:30 a. m. and 1:43 p. m.
Sundays.. '. ...8:00, 10:00 a. m. and I:4* p. m.
Steam-heated, closed car. on all trains.
Fare— Baa Francisco to Summit and Return.
8,1 40.
CHILDREN CONFIRMED
BY REV. E. NELANDER
Over a score of young people were yes
terday morning confirmed by Rev. E. Ne
lander of the First English Lutheran
<"hurch. The sacred edifice was crowded
with the frltnds and relatives of the chil«
dr«>n. who were deeply interested in the
confirmation ceremonies. In his sermon
to the congregation. Dr. Nelander said in
part:
>t the outset cf Ufe'« piltrlmaKe a defi
nite purport ehould b* formed. Is It enough
U *at and drink and sWp and walk the tread
mill? Ney. rather •"hitch your wagon to *
rsr," which was Emerson's way of saying.
•The chif-f ?¦nd of man 1? to glorify God." The
I'Urpose lx>;rjß thus determined, rid
«.f the impediments, of tin. provide yourself
Tvlth the staff of faith and the scriptures as
food for the Journey. Above all you need a
trk nd to Jnurr.er with you. It Is weary work
to travel all alone. "Lo! I am with you al
w«y," is the promise of the great Friend,
who ftirketh cloFer than a brother.
The following jj^-rsons were confirmed:
Klla Hiel«>nt*-rs-. Gufctav B. BlanckenNrg,
Henry W. Rullwfnklr. Bertel R. Chrtstensen.
BoptlM L. I>osch«T. Mary L. Eggers, Ettle A.
Kcgers. Hflrn Fa!k. Emma M. Frerichs. Mar
raret Haae. Raymond T. A. Heine. Harold E.
lloffman. Annie EI«-na Larten. Albin J. Malm
»«rg. TieMnre M. Mlkkeiwn. Herbert L. MoMis.
Amanda <i>on, Edward Rosenlund. William J.
Fehloen, H*nry E. Springer. Emily B. Strand,
;...•-.-. V. Ktrum. Erwin 11. Volkman.
Benefit for Widows and Orphans.
A grand concert in aid of the widows
and orphans of the British heroes who
have fallen in the South African war will
be given in the Y. M. C. A. Hall this
evening. Following is the programme to
be rendered:
Bagpipe selections
¦ I. S. R. Tivendale and Adam Ross
"The Star-Spangled Banner".. Mrs. Eva Tenney
Remarks Dr. Frederick W. d' Evelyn
Song, "Soldiers of the Queen" Robert Lloyd
Piano solo Miss Gretctien E. Sichlau
Vocal solo, "Let Me Like a Soldier Fall"
Herbert Williams
Song, selected Mrs. McGlade
Cornet solo Mrs. L. A. Larsen
Addre3B .....Rev. Eugene H. Avery. D. D.
Song, "The Absent-Minded Beggar" (words
by Rudvard Kipling, music by Sir Ar
thur Sullivan) Mrs. Eva Tenney
Recitation M!ss Frances Willis
Sailor's hornpipe Professor Flndlay
Violin solo Miss Zlnnen
Baas solo, "Clang of the Forge" (Rodney)..
L. A. Larsen
Hlp-hland reel (in costume).. Sybil Campbell,
Maggie Bassett. Adam Roes, Byron Ross
Song, selected Miss Beaton
"Auld Lang Syne"
Mrs. Eva Tenney and audience
NOTES OF THE THEATERS.
The James Neill company begans its
season at the California to-night. ."A
Bachelor's Romance will be the first of a
series of interesting plays.
West's Minstrels, with Carroll Johnson,
Richard Jose and others, appear at the
Columbia to-night at popular prices.
"Quo Vadis" will be continued at the
Alcazar. . Jbraß
The Tlvoli will give "The Bohemian
G»rl" for one week. "The Wizard of the
Isne" next.
"James Woberts, I. S. J S., Boston," Will
be given by the University of California
students at the Grand to-night and
Tuesday and Wednesday nights. The rest
of the week College' Minstrela and Glee
Club.
Sunday next Morosco's new company
will open in "An Arabian Girl."
The list of new people at the Orpheum is
headed by Bobby Gaylor.
Fischer's gives one act of "Cavalleria,"
in addition to. the musical programme.
Hambourg and Petschnikoff, the famous
Russian musicians,- will appear on the
afternoons of April 16, 17 and 20 at the
California Theater. The sale of seats will
begin Thursday morning at the box. office.
EXCURSIONISTS ILL
TREATED AT TIPPERARY
Rick of Hay Set on Fire and Rioters
Cut the Hose to Prevent the
• . Military Using It.
DUBLIN. April S.— On the arrival this
morning at Tipperary a train of excur
sionists from Dublin, a large crowd which
had gathered at the railway hotel, hooted
the excursionists, many of the girls being
roughly handled and pelted with mud.
Some had their clothes torn and others
were even struck. Almost at the same
time a rick of hay, the property of a firm
who had given their employes a holiday
to go to Dublin, was set on fire, and tho
rioters prevented an attempt to extinguish
the flames. When the military brought
the fire hose to the scene they found it
had been cut in twenty places.
This morning Queen Victoria attend
ed service in the private chapel of
the vice-regal lodge, accompanied by
the Duke and Duchess of Connaught,
Princess Christian and Princess Hen
ry of Battenberg. Her Majesty se
lected the hymns sung by the choir, which
came from St. Patrick's Cathedral. The
Archbishop of Dublin preached. Only a
portion of the household were present, as
the chapel is a tiny building.
NO CITATION RECEIVED
BY MRS. MARCEAU-FENNELL
Battle for the Custody of the Child
Will Be Fought Out in Los
Angeles.
Special Dispatch to The Call. . '
LOS ANGELES, April B.— Mrs. Amanda
J. Flske-Marceau-Fennell will not appear
in court in San Francisco to-morrow
morning, as was indicated in telegrams to
her from her attorneys.
Sheriff Hammll and ex-Senator White,
Mrs. Fennell's attorney, called upon the
lady this morning and announced that no
citation had been received for her ap
pearance, and nothing had been recorded
to indicate that a change in the battle
ground was contemplated.
Colonel Marceau is still in Lo3 Angeles,
and as far as Is known, so is the baby for
whom both parties are contending. Mrs.
Fennell will appear in Judge York s
court to-morrow morning as the principal
witness in her habeas corpus suit to re
move Theodore Marceau Jr. from the care
of his father. , ,
Colonel Marceau to-day went spinning
through the streets in his new electric
automobile. ¦ .
BARK IRANIAN WRECKED.
Foundered on the Japanese Coast and
the Captain's Boat Is Missing.
YOKOHAMA. April 9.— The British bark
Iranian. Captain West, from New York
November 15 for this port, has been
wrecked on the Japanese coast, me cap
tain's boat is missing.
The Iranian was a four-masted steel
vessel and was built at Workington Jn
1895. She was of 2793 tons register. Her
home port was Workington.
PATTISON NON-COMMITTAL.
Declines to State Whether or Not He
"Would Bun With Bryan.
PHILADELPHIA. April B.—Ex-Govern
or Robert E. Pattison was interviewed to
night regarding the story telegraphed
from Chicago to the effect that prepara
tions are under way to boom him for the
Vice Presidential nomination on the Dem
ocratic ticket. Mr. Pattison said that
he had never been Informed that such a
move was on foot and added that he did
not even know who was back of the prop
osition. He felt grateful, he said, toward
those who had considered him in connec
tion with the nomination. He declined,
however, to say whether he would accept
if the honor were conferred upon him, on
the ground that he could not accept or
decline anything that had not been of
fered to him.
O'Farrell street, near Fillmore, on Tues
day evening. .
was Palm Sunday, and
\f the day was fittingly observed at all
II the Catholic churches; in the city.
Branches of the palm and olive trees
were distributed to the faithful after they
had been blessed at the service of high
mass, and they were held by the members
of the congregations till the close of serv
ice as a symbol of devotion. The palma
were then taken home, and are to be kept
in the house for a whole year, so that God
will bless the dwellings in which the
branches are preserved.
The services at St. Mary's' Cathedral
were most impressive at the 10:30 o'clock
mass. The congregation was invited to
approach the high altar, where the
branches were distributed by the priests.
No sermon was preached, as is usual at
tliis mass, but the Passion was read . in
its place, the congregation all standing.
In the afternoon the Calvarian Society
held its last lenten devotion at the ca
thedral. After the devotion of the Way
of the Cross, made by the Rev. Father
Dempsey, an eloquent sermon was
preached by the Rev. .Father Charles A.
llamm. He made the subject of his ser
mon a description of the two processions,
the first being the triumphant entry of
Jesus into Jerusalem and the second be
ing our Lord on his way to Calvary. The
reverend father gave a vivid description
of Jerusalem at the time of the cruci
fixion. He then passed over the eventful
Friday when Christ was before Pilate. He
used the subject of Palm Sunday as a
modern lesson that people of to-day were
one day serving God and figuratively
bearing palms, but that suddenly they
would change their minds and cry "Cru
cify Him."
The services commenced at St. Ignatius
Church in honor of the day at the 10:30
service. The palms were blessed by the
Rev. Father F. Allen, after which a pro
cessions followed, with clergy and sanctu
ary boys, round the sacred edifice, dur
ing which the proper anthems were sung
by the choir. Aftr this low mass was
celebrated. The Passion was read by the
Rev. Father Frieden.
The sacrament of confirmation was ad
ministered yesterday afternoon to over 200
children of St. Brendan's parish by the
Right Rev. Bishop Thomas Grace of Sac
ramento. The service began by the con
gregation singing the "Stabat Mater."
His Grace then followed with a short ad
dress to the confirmation candidates. He
said in cart:
"The sacrament you are about to re-
celve Is tho same that St. Peter and St.
John administered to the people in- the
early history of the church: What you
should pray for is wisdom to teach you
savationat its true worth, and not love
for the treasures of the world. You are
marked on the forehead with the sign of
the cross as a sign that you openly take
up the cross and profess Christ. See that
you are never afraid to deny- him."
All the boys who were confirmed also
took the League of the Cross pledge to
abstain from liquor and not to enter a
saloon until they were 21 years of age.
Those who received the sacrament were:
Edward Patrick Hanlon, Edwin Joseph Bun
ham, James Henry Smith, William AJoyslus
Liddy, Cornelius Aloysiua Rial, John Joseph
McGrath, Francis Aloysius Whaley, Franklin
Ed»?ar McAullffe, Thomas Henry Smith, Daniel
Joseph Black, John James Meehan. Charles
Aloysius Kappold, Antone Peter Benson, Robert
MlchaeJ Derby, Thomas Joseph Hammond.
Michael Francis Aloysius Sears, Michael Pat
rick O'Donnell, Francis Joseph Brant, Wal
ter Francis | Goodwin, Francis Aloysius Ferry,
John Edward Fltzpatrick, Charles Aloysius
Nixon, Herman Aloyeius Dledrlch, James Aloy
sius Cuslck, Edward Joseph Seaton, John Pat-,
rick Gould. John Joseph Cavanagh, David
Joseph Lennonn, William Lawrence Kennedy,
Harry Stephen Burke. Francis Edward Dowd,
Fred Joee'ph Whalen, James Expedit Hannan,
William Joseph Nixon, John Kdward Hook,
Joseph Henry McLaughlin. Hugh Francis llc-
Sherry, James Joseph Leary. Oliver Aloysius
C. Carroll. Edward Anthony Forrestal. Law
rence Dan Murphy, Joseph Aloysiua Gaven,
Paul Aloysius O'Nfll, John Francis Coughlin,
Charles Aloysius Whalen, John Garrett Pur
ccll anil ("¦(>., r^o J'ntrirk Ilryant. HSBH
Carrie Mary ' Rlley, Ellen Veronica Logue,
Martha Loretto Tarabocta. Julia Aloyslus Cam
pion. Hendrlena Lorelto Bchaffeld. Christine
Mary Qulnn, Mary Ellen Gibbons, Teresa Vero
nica Morrissey. Florence Reglna McCarron,
Elizabeth Kuphras'.a Noonan, Julia Mary
floane, Mary Gertrude "Le Strange, Mar)' Lo
relto Hennessy, Deborah Margaret Diedrichs.
Margaret Lorelto Alexander. Mary Veronica
Robinson, Kate Veronica McConnell, Mary
Aloyslus Garrity, Esther Cecilia KeatinK,
Louise Mary Benson, Mabel Veronica Fltzgib
bons. Margaret Rose Doherty. Mary Agnes
Purcell. Elizabeth Gertrude Fitzgerald, Sarah
Mary Nookes. Irene Veronica Burnham, Mary
Gcnevieve McGoogan. Helen Gertrude Ander
,ion. Kittle Bernardine Anderson, Mary Agnes
Uertrude King, Edna Dorothy Black, Josie
Mary Ambery, Mary Helen McCann. Josephine
Mary Russell, Emma Mary McCoogan. Honoric
Gabriel Morrissey. Rose Imelda Fullertnn,
Christine Catherine Perkins, Eveline Bridget
Kilday, Violet Victoria King. Mary Francis
Foratado. . Rose Lorelto .McDonough, Mary
Lorelto Donovan, Margaret Lorelto Buchanan,
Ellen Margaret Filgat, Lucy Cecilia Lewis,
Rita Veronica Reid and Mary Elizabeth Sutter.'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
Nome, St. • Michael, Dawson
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
, FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRAXCISCO R SL "PORTLAND".. ApriI 30. 1300
FROM SEATTLE S. S. "DORA" April 3CT. 1300
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "RAINIER" May 10. 1300
FOR NOME. ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO....: S. S. "ST. PAUL" May M
k Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau. Sitka. Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE.. S. a "BERTHA." commencing April itH
; ¦ AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER. ,
For new folders, maps and further particulars as to frelsht and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. 310 Sansome street. San Francisco. Cal.
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. M Yesler building. Seattle. Wash.
GASHIE STEIN
AS A DEALER IN
CANNED FRUITS
His Methods and Prices
Caused Suspicion -and
Arrests.
Bob Ellis and William Daly Charged
With Grand Larceny for the Way
.They Secured the Stock
in Trade.
»
Gashie Stein, of counterfeiting memory,
is again bringing himself into unpleasant
notoriety, this time as a- dealer in canned
fruit. He has lately been among the
wholesalers offering fruit, canned by the
California Fruit Canning Company, • in
lots of from fifty cases up to 2&X), and at
prices amounting to about half what the
company was charging. There was no
doubt of the genuineness of the goods he
offered, and merchants marveled at his
enterprise. The canning .company- heard
of Stein's offer and decided to investigate,
and the case was placed in the hands of
the Morse agency.
Captain Callundan and Detective Green
were put upon the case, and they soon,
found that the fruit Gashie was offering
on such alluring terms was furnished
him by "Bob" Ellis, and that Ellis got it
from William Daly, who is in the employ
of the canning company. Both Ellis and
Daly are now under arrest on charges of
grand larceny.
Saturday evening the detectives watch
ed the canning company's warehouse on
the corner of Ninth and Brennan streets,
and Just after it closed they saw
Ellis back a wagon up to tho
curb and commence to load cases
of canned peaches aboard. He put
on fifty and then started away, the
detectives following until he arrived at
Stein's place at 404Vfe Sixth street, where
he put them off. Then he was arrested.
Ellis would not say much, but Stein vol
unteered the information that when the
yearly stock taking was over at the
warehouse it was found that 3000 cases of
canned fruit had been overlooked, and
that this was the property of Daly. It
was this lot of 3000 cases, he said, he was
selling. He could not say, however, how
the overlooking of the 3UOO cases had the
effect of transfering them to Daly's ac
count.
As soon as Ellis was behind the bars
the detectives started after Daly, and at
2 o'clock yesterday morning they found
him entering his home at 184 Perry street.
Ellis has been in trouble before, and
Daly is an ex-volunteer, who came home
with the First Californias. The stealing
for which they have been arrested has
been going on for some months;* in fact,
until the underselling by Stein threatened
to work a serious harm in prices for
canned fruit.
DISCUSSES THE
FUTURE OF THE
NEGRO RACE
Interesting Meeting Held by
the Society of Ethical
Culture.
Prominent Speakers Take the Stand
That Only by Liberal Education
Will the Black Man Be
Improved.
NEW YORK. April S.— The future of the
negro race w&a The subjtt-t of discussion
at Carnegie Hall to-day before the So
ciety of Ethical Culture. William H.
Baldwin Jr.. president of the I»ng Island
Railroad; Professor Felix Adler and Isaac
Fehr and Robert W. Taylor, two grad
ual es of the Tuskepee (Ala.) school, were
the (speakers. All ppoke hopefully of the
n««ro'p future and found a solution of
. \:s:!r.g: problems in industrial education.
Mr. Baldwin said the present conditions
involved in the future of the negro race
are the social relations of black and
uhii«>. the richts of the blacks, the labor
religious and nunU training: of the blacks;
the abuse of the negro and the some-
Umea mooted question of how to get rid
of the nogro as a whole by amalgamation
or deportation. All these questions are
Included in the main question of the gen
eral education of the negro.
The speaker heldthat the fine distinc-
Uons between black and white in the
South are proper and beyond criticism.
Ke:«-rring to the question of labor, he said
t was the only solution of the troubles
in the South. A nepro and a mule, he ac
kTiowledged, are the only combination
I bat can grow cotton and consequently are
t :-semiaJ to the welfare of the South. The
:¦ ligiona and moral welfare of the black
and white in the South could only be se
i ured by industrial education.
Referring to the abuses of the negro,
Mr. Baldwin eaid there was never any
complaint of the moral integrity of the
negro of the South in relation to the
whites before the war. He spoke of 127
lynchings. Latterly, it was not uncom
mon lor negroes to be lynched for crimes
other than the only one that could by
¦any possibility justify it, A cure for
lynching could be found In two ways—al
ways to give matters of a criminal assault
the right of way in the courts, and, sec
ondly, to compel the community in which
the lynchings occur to pay a fixed sum to
the family of the victim.
"The fifteenth amendment to the con
stitution of the United States," he said,
"cost a million lives to enact. As many
more stand ready to maintain It. The
fault is not in the amendment, but the
suffrage right should be equal to black
and white. The negro stands ready for
tducational or property qualifications, if
the same qualifications be enforced for
white men. It is a general question of
education for the whites and blacks."
llr. Baldwin spoke of the refining influ
ences of schools like the Hampton Insti
tute and Tuekegee school. An industrial
education that would elevate but not un
fit him for the only path that was open
to him is the only solution of the many
problems prtsentt-d.
Isaac Fisher told of his graduation from"
Tuskept-e and of his call to the Schofield
School of Aiken. S. C. He provoked much
laughter by his descriptions of the condi
tions he found there.
Ilobert \V. Taylor said that when he
first went to Tuskegee his ambition was
to go to Congress and help to enact laws
for the benefit of his race. Under the
teachings of the school he soon learned
that the salvation of the negro can come
through no law but the law of labor.
The hope of the race as of the South
in general. Mr. Taylor found, is tn the
c-.iucation of the children. In Alabama, he
said, the cost of education of the chil
dren in the cities averages $15 a head; the
•¦ducation of the children in the country
districts SO cents a head is the allowance.
To that miscalculation is due much of the
mlserjr and ipnuranrc of the South.
PA LMS BLESSED
AT HIGH MASS
Branches Distributed to the Faithful at AH the
Catholic Churches' of the City.
Bishop Grace of Sacranjcnto Administers Confirmatioi)
at St. Brendarj's — Father Ramm Preaches
to Calvarians.
Fare-well Reception to Dr. Bowen.
A farewell reception will be given to the
Rev. D. V. Bowen and, family in the par
lors of the First New Jerusalem Church,
4- +
4- The Easter number of The >
Call appears on Easter Sun- +
day, April 15, and -will sur-
pass anything of the kind ever +
+ published on the coast. +
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1900.
Starvation in Porto Rico.
PONCE, Porto Rico, April B.— Paupers
continue to overrun the city. This morn
ing a woman died of starvation in the
plaza.
MOSES AND HIS
FIRST IDEAS OF
THE PHILIPPINES
He Prepared an Article
for the University
Chronicle.
Since the California Commissioner
Refuses to Talk Now, His Opin
ions Before Appointment
Become Interesting.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 8.
There was a time when -Professor Ber
nard Moses was more talkative about his
ideas of the Philippines. That was before
Professor Moses became a member of the
new Philippine Commission. When he
was plain professor, without official titles
and dignity, he was more Inclined to tell
his views as to our duties regarding the
troublesome islands. In those days he
wrote several articles and delivered ad
dresses upon the subject. In the absence
of any oniclai utterances from Professor
Moses now, the following article written
by him and published in the University
Chronicle, the olllcial organ of the State
University, last December, is of Interest:
When a nation rises by military or po
litical achievements to greater political
importance among nations of the world.
mt-iniers of foreign nations instinctively
ancribe to its learning, literature and gen
eral culture a new and increased impor
tance. And when a nation declines in
power and loses its j>.>liiu-aJ jTcstiee. theru
is Inevitably a falling off in the world's
regard for the hither elements of Its civ
ilization. • * • •
It may be true that within the limits of
our ancient territory we have the means
of accumuiatlr.c all the wealth we need.
It may be true that we have no need of
much that the Orient may teach: but it
is not to be supposed that the last thou
sand years of Oriental experience is en
tirely without profitable lessons, for even
the American nation. As the neighbor of
the Chinese -In the Orient, it is hoped that
this nation may acquire somewhat of their
respect for power to ornament the strong
and healthful manifestation or' our spirit.
If as It retards our cultivation or ppirit
uai life, we have little need of the Orient,
the Orient has need of us. Charity, a
proper recognition of human worth, re
gard for woman, a determination to let
Justice rule, political liberty— these are some
cf the achievements of our race, come of
the positive results of a long course of
social development. Of these the Orient
has need. They may be accepted by any
nation without doing- violence to the race
ideas on which the civilization of that na
ticn refts; and in carrying these principles
of a higher civilization to the islander* of
the Pacific there is a certain excuse for
our zeal and a compensation for our re
sponsibilities.
These and other ideas for which our so
ciety stajuds are assumed to be worth the
effort it costs to realize them in life, for it
is assumed that in them is the seed of a
higher civilization. That these ideas may
be carried forward for the betterment of
the less advanced portions of the human
race it is a certain justification of the power
and dominion held by the nations of Eng
lish etock. Wherever the dominion of any
branch of the English people has established
Itself hitherto a higher and progressive form
of civilization has been instituted. This
fact Cives ground for the exi>ectation that
the inhabitants of the Philippine Islands
will ultimately derive advantage from be
ing brought under the sovereignty of the
United States.
One of the important items in this advan
tage will oonnlst In the fact that ultimately
these islanders, if they Justify the most
hopeful thoughts concerning them, will,
with such limitations of suffrage as may
seem exDTdient. have part in a great Fed
eral government, whose traditions are the
traditions of freedom and toleration, and
whope power will be sufficient to establish
security and peace as the conditions of
progress and prosperity: for the Federal
g-overnment is the only form of govern
ment under which widely separated com
munities, Individually Incapable of defend
lnr themselves against the machinations
of great stater, can be rendered secure in
the "enjoyment of the advantages of power
and liberty. In the words of President
Schurman of the Unit«*d States Philippine
Commlpslon. "Our tutelage, at least for
some time, is the only thin? that can save
the Filipinos from despotism and anarchy
and their island? from a division among the
European powers, thus' destroying forever
the hope of a free and self -governing Fili
pino nationality." Under the sovereignty of
the Federal republic of the United States
tht way is open to these Islanders to be
come self-governing communities, and. if
their development will Justify it. to become,
through representatives, participants In the
larger affairs of the national Government.
Under th*> sovereignty of the United States
the power of the United States Is In their
service to preserve internal peace and to
ward off the Invader, thus making possible
the two most Important Immediate alms of
social ambition, namely, the achievement
of s:reat power and the preservation of
liberty.
In tifo® ffioMfieMs
J^^Vw^^^^^'^^ is as necessary as a pick.
KW^lw^^^^' m ' ner s^ ou^ be without
jfL 3*lJ^sr^ one * na^ ec^ e d by extreme
WiNOHESTER &IWMUmTWN
fe^Bl^ifeS Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
S^wi^^^ .name and address on a postal card for
*A '^liWjEfM 60-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
§|s//pl Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
B^W(J NEW HAVEN, CONN.
¦%~ V.-iv/wj 4 1 ® Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
BAILBOAD TBAVEL.
•ovtwkkh pacific costrAsnr.
(FACiriO «Y«iTIM.)
! fnlM !•«»»•> »•»?• nr« «lv» (• wrrlv* ¦•
•*%> rttAMC'ISCO.
(M*ln Uat. Foot of Market Street)
LBats — From Fesrcabt 23, 1300. — arrto
j «TrtM>A Benida. fiuignn/ Elmira. VacarOle,
Rumaeyan<l Hacratuento "7t *S»F
1 •T:U«» Shiata Express— Daris. Willows.
lle.l Bluff. Portland »7i43»
•7 1:111 * Martinez, .*> tn lUmou, Vallejo. litpa.
Calisloea anil Han Ut linsa *«<ISp
*9>3Oa ThoOrerlandlii.Jted— Ogdea. Den-
»er. Omaha. Cbicags *Sil3v>
••i3«* Situ Juan, LiTtrniore. Stockton.
lone. Sacramento. riac.-rfi^e.
M:trja*!!le, Lhico, Ke-l I'.lntr MilSp
•«s3O» "Milton. Oak J;il.\ Kmora. Carters... •l:tr, t -
•:i:-»Ov lUywanls, NiUsai .1 Way Buttons. •! lil3a
•HiOUa Daris. Woodland. Ki::«;bt» Landing,
Marysvillo, OroTUlo. «7:13p
•O-.OO* AtUntto I.xijtsj— (ijtlcn acl Easft *«il3*
•U:o«»,v Martinez, Tr >v. Latiiiop, .Stockton,
Merc tlan.l Fresno *ia>l3r
•BiOOa PortCoata, Kn-suo, Mi>]aTa and l.oa
Anc«tra •Oil.ip
• IO:OO» Vali.-jo, Martinez ami Way Htationa "U: l."ip
•1I:OOa Nilta, Lbernioro. N'oekton, Sacra-
mento. Metidnt*, It.it.f. rJ, VU*lii.
IVrtrr»llle. •ijl.ir
M2:OOm lUyvf.xr.ia. Kiles anil Way Stations. tiUf
fl:<M>p MitCTiMiiruto l!lf er Hte-iMiera fsOOp
*3:OUp Ilajwarila. Kiltsnml Way Btatlnns. *3t-13p
•4i»ur Martin*-/, Han K.tiuou, Vallejo.
Napa. t'a!i-<t.»jrn. K»ut» Ro»* •»«I3a
•4:»Or P. riicla. VacavUlr. Macramtnto.
WtHxllaml. Kl.li.hUK 1. li.hU I .aniline.
M>tryi»ill.'. Or«»Tilln ••*-.-»*
•l::t'»:' NIV-i, Sun .l.i.'ii.'l st. c'oou •Jiiay
•3:OOpTl»i> Owl Limit- <I— lricy. Fresno.
U.iktraflcM. for Hanta liar- «•
ban,U'iAwiln.. • I •*•¦*.
aS-.OOp Sur set Li- :lted— Xl raso, New Or-
hwrsand Es.t cIOs-Ma
•.1::iOp Stockton, M:icl.l. Fresno »12513»
•3:Ut>p Kresito, \'*'.:-r ::..¦¦¦!. H*nfct lUiintra,
Los AugH'jS, IV>miu& 1.1 I'iso,
No* Orleans ami l^st # 9il3a
•3t3»p Kant* fa Jtnnti,— AtUntla Express
for MoJutw am! I'mt *«:i3r
•0:«n»r Ha.vw.tnU, NiltsauUSan Joso # J.l>»
t6:3Ui> VaUsJo .•I2U3»
•ti:3i<r Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago «»»43a
*CiS«t Oriental s!aii— Ofaen. Denver.
Omana, Ciicaeo. •4«13»
{7:OOp Valltjo. Port Costa ami Way Sta-
tions :«iM»
•Si«3r Oregon and Califi rnia i:ii>reiw. Sac-
nuiiratu, ItUryaville, !:•¦•!. !h, «.
- IVrtlu.,.l. P.. k-tk -t M 1 «,„! Ivnnt **tIBA
COAST 111 VISION <Nam»n <i»B B e).
(Foot i-tM-trkct Street.) m
•*sl s* Newark. CctiU'rfiiip.han.lose.Frlton.
lioiii<l».T<'rcek,Saii!»CniiaD<l Way
HUtiona *itO*m
fi: l.ip Newark, CenterTille, Ban .lose, N'.w
JUmmleD. Fclton. ll<>u!<ler Creek,
S,ui ! 1 Crux auil l'riaclpal W»j
Bf*tious »¦•**>•*.
• I: l^f Newark. M«n Jrwn. Los (Utoa. VtfiOA.
bll:!3p U i:.rV F.xntni'n. (-an Jom and
WayStViu ¦% t7ia«»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•ro3js\r; raAKCisco— rc«t er Rnku suMt(s:i9 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11.0Oa.ji. tI:C3 'S^S t3:09
•i:C3 J3:C3 •G&rjt.
.'t»mailU.tD— r««l»fßroiilw«T.— "fl-.00 8:00 10:00*. H.
ti::CS t l:03 t2::3 . *3::3 tI:C3 '3:C3r.11.
COAST DITISHKI (nroail<aui;e).
(Ihlnl »i ij Townsetnl SU)
t«:IUA, Oc:an View. Hoi:th Mjh Francisco.. tOsSOp
•TxOOa Kan Jo>9 ai.'t Way Kuth.ns (New
Aluta<lcii Wednes.lajsoitlj) *t<39p
•9:OOa Han J<mn. Tre.i l'fnos. .Srmtrt Crux,
Taciiio Uroie. l'a.nn Uublra, fi*a
I.nin OliiaiKt, Surf, Lompoe autl
Principal Way .Stutidiia *4il*f
•lOiIOa Han .loaa an.l Way Stations •«|394
•lIiUOa R.vi J»sa ami Wny Htatious *Si3ov
fJj i."»i- San Matro, IC-dwocxl, Menlo Park.
Palo Altn. BanU Clara, San.lnsflw
Tres Finos. .Santa Cruz. h'V.iaa*.
Monterey an<l l'acific Grovs f10:36A
f:t:»»r xan.lon^atKl Way Htatious *?>3Up
tl>l3pSanJ<Mean.l Principal Way Station* •!>:!**
f3:<»«P San Joso aad Principal Way Stations t'J:««»l
••V.:(i>r San Joss and Principal Way Htations "*:'. Vi k.
•fi;:»«p SaaJosoaml Way Statious t*t : o<U
blli-l.ip San Jcsaaml W»y Htatinns *7i3Op
A for Morning V tor Afternoon.
•Dally. tHun<tayeir«T>te<i J Sunday only.
o Saturday only.
_• Tuesdays and Frld*j» • Thursdays and Sondayc
RfILIFORNIA Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
COXNECTINO TXAIX LEAVES Sa.V Fr ANCl<*COt
I P.n. Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15
P.n In time to connect wttb all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leases San Francises at 5:30
i F\DDF<;^ p.m. with Palace aad Tonrist
iv» 11 v e* l "' for Kansas City, St. Louu,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains >>etween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlare DAm
aad Bakersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 63
'FDISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Mai a
TKIdCU 3UUI>I 1531: Oakland, lllSßroad-
way: Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
i NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausaltto Ferry.
I. Commtmclnz October 1, 1339.
! FROII BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLETt
AND BAN lUKAKL.
WEEK DATS^-»7:00. »9:SO. U;00 a. m.l 1:0,
¦ IAO. 5:15. t:00. 8:30 ». in.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
1 fael. on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturdays*
' at B:00 and 11:30 d. m.
r BUNDATS- •8:O>. 'lO:^ «11: JO a. m.; 1-AM,
'¦ 1:15, M:45. 8:J0, 9:00 p. m..
Trains marked <•) run to San Quantln.
: FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO* BAN FRANCISCO,
WEEK DATS— E:K. •»:». 7:45. •»:«) a. m.»
! n2:30. 1:15. *3:40, •9:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednaadaya aa4
1 Baturdiya at fi:4O and 10:1 a p. tn.
BUNDATS-«:20. »S:CO. 10:(». »11:45 a, m.|
¦ "1:40. *3:15. 4:45. »«:30 n. m.
' ' Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
i FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISC<X
WEEK DATS—«:4S. «:«. 7:55. J:4* a. m.|
U:SS. J:33. 3:45. 5:20 p. m.
EXTUA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
' Saturdays at 7-00 and 10:20. d. Ct.
SUNDAYS— «:OB. 10:05 a, m.: 11:05, 1:13, »:U,
! 1:00. 6:15 p. m.
[ THROUOH TRAINS.
T:00 a. m. week day»— Cazaderoand way station*,
, 4:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way statloaa>
X^"X Dt. Gibbon's Dispensary,
M*»^H£i <>2i> KEAB.VT HT. Established
£SF*lh x* \ '" I*3+ 'or the treatment oi Prlvat«
Vl\Jj£*: frii IHseimes, LrmtMaiinixxl Debility or
V&i'jrt. M^tiffl dlseasHToanng on b.i.iyantl niindauj
l sS?«V*''ti'H skin IJi » r ' a^' s - TheiioctorcireswhrH
»J?3 v ji? v ' s vf]" tbers ' !i!l - Try him. U'har?*» low
?«a£xx%UsJ rnrf«Baarnni»»d. Callorwrlt*.
Or. J. *'. uIUUOS, Box lS37.Saa 9 raadatm
AMERICAN LINE.
(IT YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI&
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
F^om New Tork every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
Bt. Louis April 11 St. Louis May 2 '
New Tork April IS New York May 9 i
Bt. Paul April 25 St. Paul May 16 j
RED STAR LINE. ¦
New Yorlj and Antwero. " , j
From New Tork every Wednesday, 12 noon. '•
Southwark April 11 Noordland May 212 1
Westernland ...April 18 Friesland May 9 '
Kensington ....April 25 Southwark May 18
t-MPIRE LINE.
B. S. Ohio, from Fan Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St Michael.
Subsequent sailings. June 30, July 31, Aug. 30.
First and second class passaee. No steerage.
For full : information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Jlft Montgomery Bt.. or any nf 1t« Rcontn.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Rrannan streets, lpm
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe. <Hlof?o). Nagasaki and Shanghai, -and
connecting at Hongkong with steamer? for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
PS. NIPPON MARU
• Wednesday. April 25th. 1900
SS. AMERICA MARU. Saturday. May 19fh 19ft<)
SS. HONGKONG MARU...
Thursday. June 14th. 1S0O;...
Via Honolulu.
Ronnd-trip ticket? 'at reduced rates. For
freight 'and pnssage apply at company* p offlc«.
421 Market st.. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE CENEKALE TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday instead of ¦£• • »*¦>•
Saturday, from November 2, 1899. at ' •
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton st. L'AQUITAINE, April 12: LA OAS-
COONE, April 19: LA TOURAINE. April 26;
LA- BRETAGNE, Mar 3. First class to
Havre, $<«> and upward; 5 per cent reduction
on round trip.. Second clasp to ¦ Havre. $4.1; 5
per cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coort
Agents. 5 Montgomery, aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U.S. HAYY YARD AND VALLEJO.
fc?SL%''l Steamer "Montlcella."
: MON., Tue«..'- Wed., -Thurs. and Sat. 'at 9:45
a. m. ; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. Cex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 15CS. . . -
FARE •• ..50c
7SAX FR.WCISCO CALL.
BUSINKPS OFFICE of the San FrancJseo
Cail. corner of Market and Third streets, open
crtll J2 o'clock every nlirht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— r»27 Montgomery street
corner C!ay. cper until >:30 p. m.
TCO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
fSS McAllister street: open until 3:20 p. m.
flf Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
IS4! Mission street ; open until 10 p. m.
f2CI Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until t p. :n.
106 riererth street : open until »p. m.
;Cs* Valencia street: epen until S p. m.
J~ Polk street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky fr-ret-; oren until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDETJC GATE Commander}' No. 16. ajr^r
X T.. Golden »Jate building. €23 Sutter fWM
Ft.— social assembly this evening {w<
at 8 o'clock The Order of the Temple
will be conferred. All fraters are cour-
teously invited.
J. C. CAMPBELL, Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA, Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal _J\_
Aroh Masons, meets THIS EVENING. ~vX
Fourth d<rree. '
OOOIPICNTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. a
M — THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at A
7:30 o'clrak. Third degree. Master Ma- >S_/\
F'.ns c^rd!_lly invlt*~j. By order of the/^^
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
KING BOt-OXOX'i Lodse No. 263. F. •
and A. 11..- Franklin H_)i. Fillmore st.. _#\_
botween B'jfh and Hutter — First degree. iC_K
THIS EVENING at 7:3') o'clock. /^T >
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
CLAN FRASKR. Order of Scottish » «jr _^
Clans— Grand concert In aid of the (jM'J
widows and orphans of the British \\XiJS
heroes who hare fallen In the
South African war. Y. M. C. A. Hall, corner !
of Mason and ElUs ets.. on MONDAY. April ;
S ISM. at S p. m. A splendid musical pro- :
tramsie will be rendered by professional
ertlsts and will include all the latest Br.ti»h I
war sonps. Addresses by the Rev. EUGENE i
H. AVERT and Dr. F. W. d - Evelyn. General
admission. 50c; reserved seats. SI. Tickets
and re-erved seats may be secured at the
office cf the Y. M. C. A.
ENGROSeiNO
Resolutions and diplomas a rpeclalty. J. W.
Griffith. Hea.!d'« Business College. 24 Post st
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS for an a'l-round useful utensil: best !
ever invented; SIS to {25 per day; profitable, j
penranent business. Call or write HERRICK.
3417 Bru?h St.. Oakland. I
A OOOl> proposition for ladies or rentlemen.
1140 Market ft.
WANTED— Agents everywhere to sell our stock.
naliwayrnen's Oil Co.. S»7 Parrott bMg.. S. P. |
ASTUOLOGV. ;
PROF. A. MASEHV of Egypt, greatest a*trolo-
p.-t and palmist In the world; satisfaction
rT-'a-nnteed 457 Golden Gate nve.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. !
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without success: collections. G. W. )
HOWE, atfy st law. »C>o Market cor. Stocktn. \
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele- i
phone Davis 234. 410 Kearny tt. j
AUVIIE frve: no c!-srp« unless successful. W. j
TV", DAVIDSON. H7 Market st. opp. Mason, j
J" H. MEKZHACH. attorney at law. has re- (
rumed cractioe at Z"i CaL *t.. C'.un'.e bids. ,
3- S. CLARK. Emn-.a Sprecke'.s bids., 527 Mar- !
k*"t «-t.. **or.*ui f stt^n fr*e; nn fee« in advance, j
BATH CABINET— HOT AlK__/APOK.
KOBINSON J5 4-panel folding-door opens firm ;
end safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis. ;
BELGIAN HAKES. j
LORD KSFEX, imported, fee Sis; Teddy noose- ;
. veit. winner first prize L. A., Jli; Britain I
Prince, own son of Lord Brit—in. S10: Dandy !
Styles, ov.n son of Sir Styles, imp.. S10: XII- |
dar-> imp.. $5. High-clats does, from SlO to j
ST» <H-ed>: also grand bucks for sale. F. E. .
MASON. 1719 Everett st.. Alameda. Cal. Vis-
itors welccme, except Sundays. !
POURTH-AVKNI-'E RabbHry is open for busi-
ness: Yukon and Britain. Duke liranbury a:;d
I>ird Robert* stTßins; Yukon Huck. Earl Brit-
sin. It. msunche second at stud. £14 Fourth
aye.. near California St.. Richmond. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. GODIURU BROS.
BELGIAN hares— Fancy stock on tale: l>r»vl
and unbred <lo*>s from $10 to HOG; young pedi-
icreed tujok on eale at »-easonaMe prices; cor-
respondence solicited, l'ajaro Valley Ran- j
M'.ry. P. O. drawer D, Vatsonvllle. CaL
THOROfGHBRED Be'.gian hares from all the !
winning strains. Champion Edinboro I
11. _-Td Britain and others. Tremont Rab- J
bitry. 241? Sacramento st.; phone West 237.
VICTORIA BABBITRY— Headed by Palace \
Rnysl. scoring « prires; other bucks at stud ,
and for sale; does of all grades and strains. |
f>red and unbred. 1277 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd.
PRDXGBESD does with litters and young does,
12 ur: expresrape paid. W. F. ADAMS, 742
S^uth Main St.. Los Angeles. CaJ.
CHOICE alfalfa fo- Rolrisn hsren. Jo GoMen
nOAJUMSG KOK CHILDUKN.
GOOD hcrr.e for young girl between age of 10
and 14 year?: reasonable charges. Address box
5032. Coll office.
PRIVATE home for children, 1 day to 15 years,
b> werk or month: large sunny yard: select
n'-ip'hborhood ; mother's care; kindergarten;
terms low. 1204 Post, bet. Geary and Sutter.
ONE or more children to board; good home and
mother's car*. 102 Arlington st. cor. Magill.
LADY -wishes child to board: 2 to 4 years; good
home; reatcnable. Box SOES, Call office.
EXCELLENT home for children: terms low.
6:6 P.ay et. near Hyde.
WANTED — 1 cr 2 children to board; German
fatr.ily. 4J9 Minna Ft.
IIOOK.S— NEW AND OLD.
6CHOOL BOOKS bought and exchan»re<l.
H"'m»« P.or,k 00.-. 704 Mission rt.. near Third.
BOOT AND SHOK BARGAINS.
BARGAINS In ladles' and children's shoes ;
crumniers' samples at manulacturer*s cost
J. K'.)iILnK<:KER. 145 Fourth tt.
111 MM> CHANCES.
A^mW?TfA~KlßßT'on~leading busineslTiJtreeT;
Western Addition; rent $Go; 3 horses, wag-on ;
2 new ovens; baking JH barrels per day: sick-
ness cause of sale. See It. G. WILKE, SOS
Market gt.
A— l^o; PARTNER wanted In old established
and flrst-class paying corner saloon; retiring
partner to leave for Nome; a eplendld offer.
Call R. G. WILKE. i<o6 Market St.
A— t-SO: CORNER saloon; established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
td r.O; l>est location on Sar.some st. ; owner
clears above »lio per month. K. G. WILKE.
?06 Market st.
A— 1750; CORNER saJoon. with 11 club and la-
<Uee" rcKnns; rent S4O; place ert»Hlshed for
y^ars; very best location: first -i-_s; paying.
Call R. G. UTLgE. SO6 Market r_
A— s22*>: CORNER proeery and bar on Hayes
«t: rent t2i. including rooms; larpe etock of
liquors and groceries; a flrst-class. paying
bueln«~. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— IIT0; DEUCACT store connected with lunch
room; a llvirjt room r; rent $17 50: best loca-
tion CFarrell st. : must be sold at once: sick-
ness in family. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
_— t?W0; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
living room*: rent tiO; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Mißsion st.; place doing a good
pajlnir cash business: full value in sight
Call U. -G. WILKE. V<6 Market st.
A— 1850; CIGAR store; clearing Jt dally; splen-
fild location: Market and East ets.; rent Sl2.
Call R. G. WfLKE. 936 Market tt.
GHOCERY and saloon: 3 living rooms: cheap
rer.t; long lease. Call Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal. £354 California st
TRANSFER saloon; cheap If sold this week.
Liquor Xjeaicrs' Journal. slstt California st
BARGAIN for buying or selling saloons or any
-ueiness; fair treatment. Liquor Dealer*'
Journal. _S>/4 California st. room L
A— l2so— PAHTNER: old-established and popu-
lar confectionery arid Icecream infer. ; whole-
sale and retail. KREDO _t CO.. 22^ Geary.
A— J2SO— PARTNER; moving and storage busi-
ness; Sl5O monthly. KUEIjO & CO.. 22Vs Geary.
A— BAKERY; bakes 2V4 barrels per day; bar-
*aln. COWING 4; CO.. 713 Market St.
STATIONERY, t-chool and notions store; must
be _rld COWING & CO.. 71J Market st
rir.PT-CLASS Ehoestnre over the bay. $2000;
half interest Jn transfer and express, s<so;
half Interest in manufacturing business. J1500;
Wfll-paying liquor store, family trade. SUOO.
GERMAN-AMERICAN. 24 Kearny bt.
QI7ICIC sales Is our motto — Should you want to
buy. sell or exchange any property or business
v c are aM«* to p!ea»e you in every n-SDect.
nP.OCKLnHL'RST & MEGLADDERY. 709
Market gt.
eirjwpARTNER —anted; rash business; clears
* tv> ncr week each; no nlirht or Sunday work, i
cr>FMOIK3LjTAN AGKNCY. 2C Oeary St.
tfiOO-^FTXE livery and feed stable: everything
complete; clears $200 per month: sickness
c_use of eale. JONES & CO.. «S Market st.
i^__i. Apply* Geary st. room.. J
BUSINESS CHANCE!,— Continued.
LIST YOUR STORE
SALOON. CITY OR COUNTRY REAL
ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH ME
I CAN SELL IT FOR CASH
• I WANT _JO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET ST..
PHONE JOHN 5L
60-ROOM HOTEL
AND BAR.
60 BOARDERS.
Bargain: price with DECKER. 1020 Market.
$750— FALCON on East st; paying business;
rent $."tf. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market st.
S7W— MECHANICS' Hotel, near the city, bar-
KSln; other business cause of sale. MC-
LAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777% Market st.
VOO— OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant with, 6
furnished rooms; all rented: near car house
transfer: rent $£>; going to Cape Nome. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market st.
$3000— PARTNER In manufacturing business;
young, active man. Box 30J2. Call office.
FOR sale at Los Angeles— A well established
saloon and restaurant; size 30x140; centrally
located; doing a good business: elegantly fit-
ted up at a cost of $12,000; will be sold for
SCCOO; has long lease and cheap rent; party
must leave for different climate under doctor's
orders. Address G. PETERSON. US South
Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
ROOMING house of 6 rooms furnished in new-
oak furniture; rent $27 50: house full of month-
ly roomers: four rooms pay $6 over the rent;
located l>etween Hyde and leavenworth, three
blocks from Market: price $275; no agents.
Address box 3088. Call office.
FOR sale cheap— Complete brickmaUlng plant;
pasollne engine; Quaker machine; capacity
25.C00; located on Donahue road; convenient
for shipping. Address KIDENHOUR BRICK
CO.. Hilton. Sonoma County. Cal.
COAL yard for rent; fine location and does good
business; entirely covered: 3 stalls; also fine
place for milk depot. Inquire of WILLIAM
HENDRICKSON &. CO.. room 614. Call bldg.
! BARGAIN— Hay. gratn. wood and coal busl-
i rees; established 20 years; must sell; will ex-
I change for city property: assume mortgage or
pay difference in caeh.. Box 3070. Call. ,
BICYCLE repair shop In interior town of 20.-
000 inhabitants:' lathe, tools, fixtures and a
nice line of sundries; a first-class business;
investigate. Box 3036. Call office.
1500— CORNER saloon; good transient trade; 8
living rooms, all furnished; rent with lease.
$30. Box 3031. Call office.
GRAVEL mine for sale or work on shares;
house and tools furnished. G. W. 0.. care
Sacramento Call agent
FOR Eale — Carpenter shop, at sacrifice, account
of sickness; stock, tools and good will; best
location in city. Apply on premises. 827 Turk.
PARTY wanted to buy part interest in paying
gravel c!a!m: no experience necessary; good
chance for right party. Address box 3052, Call.
$SCO— CORNER grocery; no bar; new. clean
stock. Inquire at 1126 Larkin »t., corner
; Bush: no agents wanted. :J-: J -. i |
ALL kinds store, saloon, butcher and millin-
ery fixtures, counters and shelving for 6ale
cheap. 309 Fourth st.
FUOM J5OO to $1500 to invest In some business.:
partnership no objection. Address box 2743,
Call office. Oakland.
PARTNER wanted with $100 to take half-ln-
erest In a well paying butcher business.
Twelfth-st. Market 206 Twelfth st. .
}l«0O— FOR sale; one of the best located res-
taurants in city; owner has two places; a
fortune to the right party. Address box 3017,
Call office^ _¦___-,
1 $3noo — FOR sale, a fine corner drug store; owner
has two places: place Is making big: money.
Address box 801?. Call office.
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount
; of money in Cape Nome property that is
! known to be good. Box 3143. Call office.
OLD established grocery and bar doing good
business. Railroad Brewery, Valencia st, nr.
Sixteenth. . -
$230— COMPLETE chicken ranch: bargain.
ISAAC'S Poultry Ranch, Upper Fruitvale.
$123 BUYS horse, wagon and harness; in good
working order. 903 Point Lobos aye.
SHOE shop for sale; old established stand; on
account of leaving city. 606 Eddy st.
BUTTER, esgs and delicacies; good stand;
paying business. 115 Sixth st. :
SHOE business; established over 25 years. 4
Summer St., off Montgomery.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; in the country.
Box 2746. Call office. Oakland.
$5W> — BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store
for sale Box 3035. Call office. .
A BARGAIN— OId-established, well-paying Job-
bing business; no triflers. Box 3039, Call.
CIGAR store for sale. Inquire at 250 Sixth st;
head store.
$300— FIXE cl?ar Etand ; full stock; fine fix-
tures; club rooms. 1251 Mission, cor. Ninth.
FIRST-CLASS bakery to let. 712 Valencia st.
BEST-PAYING route In city cheap; parties go- '
ing away. 312 Capp st. ]
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 412 Sacramento st
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
BREWERY wagon, second-hand, for eale
che&p. SIC McAllister St.
NEW & Id-hand wagons, buggies, carts fc har-
ness, work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost. 100 eets harness, 200
wajrons. 1140 Fol«om st. near Eighth.
CAPE NOME.
PARTIES going to Cape Nome see WORK-
MAN. GARRARD & McKNEW Canning Co..
and save money on canned goods. 120S Fifth
aye.. South San Francisco.
CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, lightest and
best; no nails; no screws; won't break. 1911V4
Mission st.
PARTNER wanted to invest a small amount of
rr^ney In Cape Nome property known to be
good. Address bo.x 3143. Call office.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
W HEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
. vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mis-ion 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 2S-40 Sth st; tel. South 250.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth gt; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gat» aye.: telephone East 126.
SI'I RITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVEDI
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous 'Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradla
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance Is priceless., Her "Rerealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases en earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
Bervuus affections. The wonderful cures which
the has made are the t»lk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and
ht-althy. without ever having come to see th°ls
wonderful woman. Consultation by mall Is
always successful and satisfactory, and all
correspondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. _RS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 10C1
Eeventh aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad gauge ferry and
ret off at Clinton Station. 2d station from
Broadway.
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and fntuVe; cures diseases by sympathy:
never falls: has. the seven seals, the greatest
Egyptian secret of the world; shows picture
of future husband or wife; gives lucky num-
bers: advice in all speculation, love and legal
affairs; any one consulting the madame will
be convinced that she Is no sham: tips on
races: prices 25c. and up; come and you will
be surprised; gives satisfaction to every one.
1167 Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton. Is located at 43
Sixth st; spiritual labor readings dally from
9 a m. to '7 p. m. .
BENEFIT circle for the oldest medium In S.
F.. Mrs. Bruce; music by Decamp Orchestra:
tests by well-known mediums. 123S Howard
st.; admission 25c.
MRS. ROBINSON. 1646 Market Bt., opp Tenth—
Sittings; dally; circles Monday - and Friday
evenings.
MEDA HOSKINS. 1423 Market, bet 10th and
11th— Clr. Mon. 8 p. m.. 25c; sittings dally.
BRODTKORB will give readings to-day for
25c and circle at 8. 11C Sixth st. .
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Fri. eve; lOe;
readings. L. 25c; G., 60c. 1204 Fillmore st
ARNOLD-DICKEON: sit. dally; consult, free;
meeting to-night: all invited. 148 6th. rm. 1.
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 835 McAllister: spiritual
. readings dally; test dr. to-night Thnrs. at 2.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting, St. 1104 Market
CLAIRVOYANTS.
M THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
stery; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost afTeotions; unite the separated; recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while In a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mail.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st, near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice In difficult
matters. 1» Fulton st. near I^arkin.
MADAM SYLVKSTER. the celebrated scientific
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee. ladles,
60c: gents, $1; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 313 Eddy st.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; ail you
seek to know answered, without questions;
Eatlsf action; readings 50c and $1. 126 O'Farrell.
mTsS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German Bpoken. 921H Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh Bt. original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings 35c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS. DR. WEST, business and test medium,
returned: magnetic treatmts. 17 6th. rms. 1-1.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings daily. 2*2^ S'xth st. -
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice, names given: 25c vp L 6 Fourth St.
MME SYBILLB— CradIe to grave: future hus-
bsnd's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st
~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency, no charge un-
les» successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
NEW cottage; 5 rooms and bath: basement:
stable and large yard; furnished or unfur-
nished; $15 to $25. 490 Nineteenth aye.
'SUNNY cottage, 6~ rooms; rent $12. 8718 Bryant
aye.. near Twenty- fifth at.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st. over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaestheUcs applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dent-l
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 50c: badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
$4 60 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 29
years; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth* st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, SOS Mar-
ket Bt. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 60 up: plates, extractions free; $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON M. D-. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st, ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
* rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prites: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $5; gold crowns, $3; new
methods in bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. 50c; painless extraction. 60c; gas given.
Kew York Dental Parlors. 969 Mission, cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set; extracting SOc: gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c. with wrlt-
. ten guarantee for 6 years; platee. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy at.
MEYER Deutscner Zannarzt. 6 Turk: painless
ext, crowns, bridgework; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN D»ntal Parlor. 119 Third st. ; crown-
bridge work; ext. painless: full set teeth $7.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set cf teeth. $4: crowns, $3: fillings. 25c,
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenlnps and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. l«4l Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tons; own evenlnca and Sunday*. S.V> Market.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
610 Golden Gate aye.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice snd medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
nnlmaiH treated: rtnu« bonriied. Tel. We«t *K.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
PLAIN skirts made. $1 50; binding on skirts,'
35e. 710 Franklin st., near Golden Gate aye.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment, open to all during March. 101 Post
PARISIAN SS7 Geary st: dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory- All kind's pleat-
lne. pinkinir. 121 Pn*t. over O'Connor AMnffat.
educaTtionaiT
lleXld : S Business College. 24 Post '"'it .". S? F —
Practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new SO-page catalogue free.
A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL; COMMERCIAL.
....WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY....
Arranged in departments: pay only for what
you get. Call cr address 819 Market st
BOOKKEEPING as it Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARIt.
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year cot positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINNESS COI.r.F.GK. 123 C Market st.
AYRES'. leading business college, 723 Market;
individual instruction; bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elecl. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch. ; day, eve. ; est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN' SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall: ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
beEt system." M. G. BAURETT.3O2 Montgmy.
FRF.NCH. Spanish, etc. .Prof.De Flllppe's Aondemy
of lani;nage*.32O I'ost:estab'd 1S71: ablest pr.if*.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. JIEP.KI. 100S Mission: violin, puitar.
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 537 Phelnn building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve.: $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable terms;
thorough instruction. Studio. 405 O»^rv, r. 47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best . laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable, Japanese and . Chinese em-
ployment office; established over fire years.
421 Post St.: telephone Bush 135.
OUPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter: tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE snd Japanese Employment Office —
Be*t help. 414'-<- O'Fwrell «t.: tel. East 4*6.
_MK_O YM— NT WASTKD KISMALIC.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires sltu-
atlon; country preferred; referenaes. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation; best
city references; city or country; also Swedish
cook: best of references; city of country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
housework; references; city or country. MISS
CULLEN, 2C5 Sutter Bt.
GERMAN woman; good cook and houseworker;
$15 to $20. MKS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
SWEDISH cook; best references: or would do
housework. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
HOUSECLEANING or washing . wanted by . a
reliable woman; $1 per day and car fare.
1223 Folsom i>t.
SITUATION wanted by a woman who is a
good plain cook and washer; good city refer-
ence. Call at 214 Fifth st. ¦ . -. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a place ¦to do
general housework or cleaning by the day,
week or month. "Call at 249 Fourth st.
LADY of experience wants charge of. lodging-
house or private residence; competent and
reliable. Address 70S Golden Gate aye.
COLORED woman wishes work by the day or
by the week. Box 3094. Cafl office. .
NORWEGIAN Kirl wants situation; general
housework. 62 Erie st.N , /, , ¦ __>
YOUNG lady with hl?h school credentials would
like position as clerk .in wholesale- house;
good ijfnnian; quick and accurate In figures;
references. Box 3048. Call. •
WANTED— Position as housekeeper in hotel or
hoarding house by lady who understands the
business thoroughly; references given and re-
quired; waces not less than $30, : room and
board. Address box 364. Uklah. Cal.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. Apply at
325^ Bush st.
SITUATION as chamberwork or pantry; ex-
perienced In hotel work. Box 3083, Call office/
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— PEMAUJ.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care of
children or lady's maid, to travel, to Europe.
Apply or address ¦ 215 Union st - ¦
YOUNG lady with high school credentials
wishes position as governess to teach Eng-
lish branches, art and music; city or country;
references. • Box 3047. Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third et. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 60 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; fre« 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of. adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m. _^^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 V_-
lencln Ft. - - • ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. .
A" MIDDLE-AGED carpenter of experience, can
repair, furniture, varnish and paint, wishes a
position in the country; small wages expect-
ed. Box 3320. Call office. ¦-
YOUNG man. 24, seeks situation;' can look
after horse if necessary. GEORGE CLARKE.
765 Harrison Bt. .
GENTLEMAN. 28. exceptional ability and ref-
erences, lots of energy,- plenty nerve and per-
serverance, . large advertising and general
business experience, original Ideas, thorough
knowledge of German, Russian and partly
French, desires paying position. Box 3013,
Call office.
COACHMAN— Understands his business thor-
oughly: is capable of taking- charge and care
of gentleman's residence; Al references. Ad-
drcs.s C. S.. 1022 Jackson st •
FIRST-CLASS French cook: hotel or coffee
house. Address box 3049. Call. ¦_
GARDENER, middle-aged man, ¦ wants situa-
tion on private place; good references. E.
GARDENER, P. O. box 352. San Rafael, Ma-
rin County, CaL ' .. ¦ . " -
HARDWARE salesman of experience t« desir-
ous of securing position with reliable firm;
competent and responsible. Box 8058, Call.
YOUNG man desirous of studying law wishes
position; good bookkeeper. Address box 3059,
competent and responsible. Box 3058. Call.
GARDENER, professional, German, single,
with the best of references, wishes position on
a private place or resort Address Gardener,
251 Third Bt, room 9.
SITUATION wanted by an engineer; is a ma-
chinist and boiler-maker; with reference;
country preferred. Address C. W.. 614 Howard.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla tt:
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician,
1071% Market st. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mail, 60c. • Phone. Mint 257.
EXCHANGE.
TO exchange— A stock ranch of 320 acres in
Nevada for a small Improved farm near city.
Address J. C. SNYDER. 12H Hill st.
DESCRIPTIONS of small improved ranches
near city that are for sale or exchange. J.
C. SNYDER, 12V4 Hill st. '
TO exchange— Horse and buK&y and harness for
upright piano. Box 3081, Call office.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat in
ciiy for the price; investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen.
BROADWAY, bet. Jones and Leavenworth— 2
tla'.s; lot pays Bi4 per cent. 172S Hyde, near
Broadway.
FLAT of 6 rooms and bath; $20. 865 Hayes st.
2526 CALIFORNIA— Sunny flat: 4 rooms and
bath; rent $1S; also 5-room cottage; rent $13.
Apply 2524 California at.
IF you wort to move get printed list flats to let
frcm HALDWIN&HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION, 1513.4, near 11th— Upper flat; 6 .arge
sunny rooms, bath and laundry; rent $22.
NICE sunny modern flat; 5 rooms and bath.
»71 Golden Gate aye. ; rent $23.
SUNNY 5-room lower flat: Warm Belt 916
Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3727— Pleasant upper flat. 5
rooms and bath; rent cheap, $13.
UPPER flat 6 rooms and bath. 806 Minna tt.,
off Tenth. . ¦ -
WANT pood tenants for new flats; Just finished;
4 rooms; gas. grates, electric lights, porcelain
bath. 1421 Green st, near Van Ness aye., or
SPECK -; CO.
$14— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. 1417 Pacific st
key in store below.
$12— FLAT of 4 large sunny rooms, bath and
gas. 392S Nineteenth St., bet. Noe and San-
chez; water free.' '
f FUIINFrURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. Klnc Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
WANTED— Mother and daughter. $30, $50; par-
lormaid and waitress, $25: cook $30, second
girl $20, same place; Protestant cook, $30, no
wash; 3 cooks, short distance, $25, $30; cook.
$33. no wash; 3 hotel cooks, $25, $30; 10 hotel
waitresses, $20, city and country; chamber-
maid and .waitresses. $20; pantry girls. $15,
$20, hotel and restaurant; 8 restaurant wait-
resses, $6, $7 a week; kitchen maid. $25: 75
houseglrls $20 $25. $30, country. J. F. CRO-
SETT. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— lnstitution cook, $30; laundress, in-
stitution, $25; 3 ironers, $^ a week, and ironer,
$25. country. J. F. CROSETT. 316 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. ...PHONE GRANT ISS
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses < restaurant work). $35: 4 wait-
resses, city, $20; 3 waitresses, Stockton, $20;
2 waitresses. Visalla, $20, fare here; 2 wait-
resses, mining town. $20, fare here; waitress,
depot hotel. $20; 2 waitresses, resort. $20;
woman cook, resort, . $40; pastry cook, $40;
cook for institution, $40; cook, . small hotel,
$36; 2 fancy Ironers, $& week.
' FAMILY DEPARTMENT
6 houseclrls, across the bay, $20 and $25; 2
cooks on ranches, $25 and $20, Santa Clara and
Martinez; Ross, $15; cook, city, $30; house-
Klrl, Palo Alto, $30; 5 German cooks, city, $25;
working housekeeper, city. $15 and $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
TWO waitresses: same hotel; Madera; $20 and
free fare.- C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
TWO second girls. San Mateo, see party here' ll
o'clock. $25 each; 4 second girls, city, $25 and
$20; cook, $30: cook and second girl, same
house, J3O and $25: housekeeper, $25. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
SECOND cook: $30 per month; -country; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COOK, hotel, country, $40; 4. cooks, $30 and 535.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ;
AN experienced • first-class waitress and parlor
maid: irood city references. 2100 Washington
St., cor. Octavla; call between 9 and 11 a. m.
GERMAN girl. 15 , to 17 years, to assist with
light housework ; wages $8 to $10. - 612 Capp
st, "near Twenty-first. 18 to 12 a. m. .
COOK ? for private boarding-house. MRS.
BOYLE, cor. Park aye. and Hollls Bt., Oak-
land. ' ' ';'-" ' -¦.-¦"? '
FINISHERS' and operators on custom pants.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
SIX ..tailoresses- on- custom' coats. Room 38,
Donohoe building-, 1170 Market- st. -r
LADY canvassers .wanted-' for soap factory.
. Apply at residence 1411. Harrison .st.
FINISHERS on 'custom steady work.
304 Tehama Bt. ' >* • •
GOOD tailoress wanted. , Call early at 1282 Fol-
som st. f ¦ -.-,'.
WANTED— A - girl > for cooking ¦« and general
housework; good wages. ¦• 3601 Clay st. - '¦ .
WANTED^- Waist finisher and improver. 2014
Sutter st. - . , »
YOUNG girl to help; around 'the house;. sleep
at home 500 Clayton sty ' ;¦-_,
GIRL wanted to | assist second work and care
for two children. Apply 1622 Geary st
MIDDLE-AGED woman *to assist in light
housework; -country. .2005 Pine at. ¦ -
RELIABLE sewer to assist . dressmaker. 614
Second Bt. ' . :- ..*"
YOUNG girl I for cooking.' 7 small I family; • wages
'$20. Call bet' 9 and 1. 1804 Sutter st." ' ¦._
GIRL. to assist ¦in general housework: 8 a. :m.: m.
to 2 p.- m.; $6 month. Apply 473' Eddy .St.* .
WANTED— GirI, to; work 'at dressmaking: good
sewer.' Room 'C 3,'* St: "Ann's, building. - ;
DRESSMAKER wanted: call this morning-. 764
Howard ' st.. bet.' Third - and Fourth. - • •- ¦ '-^,->j
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
- ply 1624 Post st ¦ " • -~ . .
; HELP *- WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRLS WANTED ~~~
To work on shirts ; beginners - taught LEV!
STRAUSS _ CO.. 36% Fremont st; elevator.
FIRST-CLASS pants finishers wanted; no oth-
ers need apply. S. N. WOOD & CO.. corner
Powell and Eddy sts.
APPRENTICES for tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. S4l
Market st.
WANTED immediately— Finishers and skirt
hands: steady work. GARDNER & SWO-
. . BOD A, ¦14 Grant aye., rooms 58 and 59.
GIRL wanted to do housework In the country;
will pay from $12 50 to $15 a month; small
family. Address P. O. box 249; Petaluma. Cnl.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom coats.
Call at 7 Cohen place, off Ellis, bet. Leaven-
worth and Hyde.
GIRL wanted for general housework and plain
cooking;' $15. 42 Stanley Bt, bet. First and
Second. -
YOUNG girl to assist in housework and car*
of children; $15. 718 Stelner st
FINISHER on custom-made coats. Apply 538
Natoma st. !;?£&*/
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening' class; illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st. : ..
APPRENTICE girl on coats; will pay right on
the stsrt. 119 Huss nt.
BRIGHT, responsible lady: office position; llb-
ernl salary ; must small capital. Box 100. Call.
AN intelligent business woman; reception rm.;
good salary; small capital req. Box 1405, Call.
LADY solicitors at once. Apply room 209, 927
Market street, Monday, bet. 9 a. m. and 12 m.
FIRST-CLASS tailoresses to work on pants.
. 205 Montgomery at; rood wages.
FIRST-CLASS talloress on coats; rood wa«es
to right party. ASHER. 455H Minna st.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. • Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
HAND sewers on overalls. ' Standard Shirt
Factory, corner Gough and Grove sts.
EXPERIENCED, girl wanted for bindery.
MYBELL-ROLLINB CO.. 22 Clay st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2210 FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
"- tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at Mit Polk st; open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ¦
, HELP WANTED— MALE.
STABLEMAN and can washer. $35 and board;
sheep herder. $25; milker and wife, $45; 3
farmers and wives, $40, $45 and $50; man and
wife, private family, $50; 3 carpenters, $3,
$3 50 day; - blacksmith and woodworker, $40
and board: ranch blacksmith, $3 day and
board: 4 slack work coopers. $30 and board;
10 boys, planing mill and factory work. 90c
day; 3 machine miners and tlmbermen. $3
day; 10 single hand miners, $2 50 day; 2 team-
sters, $2 day; Danish man about place, $30;
steam feed sawyer, $4 day; shingle sawyer;
10 milkers, $25. $28 and $30; butter maker. $40;
laborers for mill and woods, quarries and
other work, at going wages. J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, country. $35; waiter,
country, $30; broiler, $55; first cook. 12, sec-
ond cook, $10. $9, $7 week; waiter. $30 month.
$10, t% $7 week: 2 hotel waiters. $25 and
found; dishwasher. $4 week; bellboy. $10 and
found; dishwashers; vegetable man; second
baker, $55; third baker, $45; other restaurant
and hotel help. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623
' Sacramento st. '
A— MURRAY & READY... .PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
16 miners, single and double, also machine, $30
and $75 per month; also drillers, $60
12 laborers for a sawmill company.. s3o and fd
6 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb
$17 50 and found
E men or strong boys for hop field $30
47 farm, orchard, vineyard hands
$26, $25, $20 and found
16 choremen and boys. .s2s, $20, $15. $10 and fd
8 gardeners, private, see boss here
$30, *25. and found
39 milkers, butter makers $30, $25 and fd
49 scraper •teamsters, city and country
(27 and found
12 teamsters, city Jobs..sl 75 day and $26 & fd
6 coal buckers, country Job $67 50
23 laborers, different city Jobs.. s3o, $26 and fd
365 woodchoppers, tiemakers, big prices
9 blacksmiths' helpers $2 50 day, $30 and fd
band sawyer, $4 day; carriage trimmer, S3
day; wood workers, -wagon-makers, carriage-
makers, 4 tailors, different country Jobs
carpenter for ranch, fare 25c $30 and found
364 Jobs not advertised; come and see. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt
A— HOTEL AND OTHER DEPARTMENTS:.
47 cooks, come and see, $55. $60. $50, $40, $33.
$30, $25, $20 and found, for hotels, cafes, res-
taurants, mines, ranches, etc.; 6 laundrymen,
good Jobs: 37 waiters and dishwashers, $30,
$25. $20. $15 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— LOOK HERE FOR $160 EACH
no other expenses; we will pass you and 50
men as laborers (no experience required);
you'll suit for new work; wages, $26 per
month and found; steady Job. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay at.
A — BAKER, bread and cakes, country shop.
$53 and found; night clerk, country hotel, $15
and found; 6 stablemen. $30. $23 and found:
10 hay makers and run mowers. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. f 5....104 GEARY ST.
Wanted— Monday mornlngr, at 7:30, with blan-
kets ready to go on train, 100 teamsters, la-
borers and rockmen, $1 75 and $2 a day, for
the Coast Railroad, free fare
20 miners for quartz and quicksilver mines,
$2 60; 2 black powder men. $2 50; 20 woods-
men, tiemakers and woodchoppers
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook. $50, and waiter. $35, for hotel in
Hawaiian Islands, free fare, see party here;
second cook and dishwasher, country hotel,
$40 and $20; kitchen hand, $30, and dishwasher,
$25, for an Institution, country: second cook,
mme -boarding-house, $40; 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands, city and country, $20, $25 and
$30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
OYSTER man. $45 and board. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Wheelwright, country shop near
city,- $2 per day and board; miner, $2 per day
and board and free fare;' laborers for mine.
$1 and $125 per day 'and board, free fare;
miners, $2 70 per day: machine driller for gold
mine, $3 per day; hostler, city livery stable,
$30 and found
5 milkers for different places near city. $30
and $26
4 vineyard hands for flrst-class vineyard com-
pany, $30 per month and board and no Sun-
day work: man to cook for 8 men on ranch
near city, $15 to $20 and found
Farmers, milkers, cooks, waiters, dishwashers
and others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED •
Driver for milk route in city; references re-
quired; $35 per month and found. Apply to
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
DRIVER for milk wagon: city: experienced:
call Sunday bet. 10 and 12 a. m. ROOM 203,
927 MARKET ST.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec., 104 7th; tel Jessie 152.
WANTED— Steady, sober man for light work;
8 hours per day: will pay $16 per week to
right - party; small capital required. Apply
1016 Market Bt., room 10. ;
COATMAKERS wanted. BELASCO & HAR-
. RIS CO.. 641 Market st. -
COATMAKERS for the country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 34 Sutter st. ¦ ¦ - . •
WAITER— Young man; $6 per. week; restaurant.
206 McAllister st. . ¦ ¦
STEADY barber wanted. Apply at 12 Sacra-
mento st. " •'.
ERRAND boy. ¦ 1170 Market st., Donohoe build-
Ing," room 26., ;
WANTED— A coatm aker at 232 Montgomery
avenue: ¦ ¦' ¦ - ' ¦'¦ ¦
PRESS* boy wanted.' Apply at 921 Market
street." " \ ' ¦ • •* •
WANTED— A butcher at Geary and Laguna
sts.;; call early. ¦ .' .
WANTED— Dishwasher; married man; call 8
o'clock. American Restaurant, 17 Washington.
BUGGY washer, $30 month and board, at 246
Third st. .
WANTED — An experienced man and wife for
farm i work. Apply 1021H Market st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Troy House, 506
Twentieth St.- .
WANTED — A : washer for ; hand laundry. 63D
¦ Howard st. ' "-¦'•.¦¦"'
BOYS wanted: between 13 and 21 years of age.
.Apply: at 607 Market st .
BOOTBLACK • for barbershop • and to clean
baths. 120 1 Geary st.
BARBER shop 'for -(Sale; reason death. 207V4
Montgomery aye. . ' *
WANTED— Experienced salesman - and trim-
mer; capable of taking- charge of ribbon and
lace -* department. . Apply this morning be-
tween 10:30 and 11:30. MARKS BROS.,* 1212
Market st. /
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged/ half
L , price." VE62 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d.sts.
MANAGER: business-man; • office position; ex-
cellent opportunity; must Invest small capl-
tal. Box 1407. .Call, office.
MAN wanted to work mining machine at
: Cape Nome; must put $200 In company stock.
Box 3034. Call office. /
HELP WANTED-MALE. ' . . . .'..
WANTED— Recruits for the "United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between tne
ares of 21 and 35 years; not less -than 5 feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become cltixens; able to read write
l_d speak English properly. For further in-
formation apply »* the Marine Recruiting
Office 4e Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
830 X' st. Sacramento. Cal. '
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
QulresVlx -to eight weeks; day and evening
Clay st : I
SALESMAN for hardware in San Francisco
and surroundinc towns: permanent position
to enercetlc party: erperlence not necessary.
Add?eYs wuh stamp The Ohio Automobile and
Wrench Co.. 16 Wick block. Cleveland. Ohio.
WANTED— Competent limior and grocery clerk,
capable of managing the business; references
and bonds required: applicants state national-
ity age and sketch of past life. Address P.
O. box 234. Sacramento. Cal.
EXPERIENCED manager for medium-sized
printing office; must be competent proof-
reader: permanent position to^ good 1 ye man
Address, with references, stating ability and
salary. A. 8.. box 3316. Call office.
WANTED— IO men. $2 50 per day and found:
must deposit $250 as guarantee to remain 6
months; good security. 9-11 a. m .. 6-8 p. m..
2615V4 Harrison st.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: only 2
months required: flrst-class Instruction. For
particulars address Gordon Barber College, 417
N. Main at. Los Angeles. Cal.
MANAGER: of floe work; salary $50; small cap-
ltal required. Box 1404. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BOY of 17. Apply to M. H. CROSBY, 410
Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED butter-maker for cream cry;
city. Address box 3033. Call office.
BOY 14 to 16; make htmself generally useful
in factory.^ 723 Market st.. room 35.
CASHBOY wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD A CO..
718 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply between 9 and
11 a. m.. CHARLES LYONS. London Tailor.
721 Market st. ______
MEN and women to learn barber, hairdressinc
and manicuring trade; catalogue mailed. S.
F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard st
BARBER wanted to buy barber shop; modern
furnishings; 2 revolving chairs, etc.; best lo-
cation in Alameda; will sell very cheap: as a
whole or in lots to suit: cash or Installments.
Apply Oakland Auction Co.. 465 Twelfth st,
Oakland, or E. D. JUDD. 1424 Park st. Ala-
meda.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. SI per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 1*
years* practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel <4 Third st. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 250 night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. H7 Thtrd st : ISO large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
tummer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
LINDELL House, corner Blxth and Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per right. 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also, wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
6ULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BAY team and express or camping wagon
cheap. At northeast cor. 16th and Guerrero.
A FRESH carload of horses, all solid colors.
Juit from the Canty ranch. ISS Valencia st;
also a carload of broodmares, with foal.
60 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1825 Market st. bet Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FOR SALE— Gentleman's road horse and bike
buggy. PALZIEL, Vet Dentist, 605 Q. Q. ar.
BUSINESS horse. $30; delivery wagon, $30; two
light wagons. $20 and $25. 19 City Hall aye.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltxer's
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
HOUSES LOUGI.NG FOR SALE.
A— 44-ROOM corner; electric elevator $3900
30 rooms; restaurant and bar; in Stockton 750
30-room corner; 2 entrances; half cash 2200
8-room flat; new; elegant 650
IS rooms; on one floor; near Call office 550
37 rooms; on Howard st; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market st; worth $1200 800
10 rooms: on Mason st ; payments 450
¦ 80 rooms; on Kearny st. : grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market st; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
4—9 r. houses. $300 to $400
2—12 r. houses. $400 to $430
4—15 r. houses, SSOO to 5125«
3—22 r. houses. $1250 to $20W>
4—27 r. houses. $1100 to $1700
2—33 r. houses. $1000 to $373)
2—40 r. houses. $4000 to $6000
£0 rms.. $4000: 68 rms.. 54300
65 rms., $2100; 52 rms., S3JO9
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st
Telephone Mint 1395
15 rooms; rent $50; part cash; central $900
23 rooms; near Market st. ; payments 750
26 rooms; rent 50; must sell; see it 600
46 rooms; north of Market St.: reduced to. 2150
55 rooms: $SOO cash, balance, time 1750
WE a-uarantee full value for your money: we
have houses to suit you; many bargains;
money loaned buyers. SCHWEINHARD _
CO.. 917 Market st. opposite Mason.
ELEGANTLY furnished house. 9 rooms, bath,
laundry; nice yard; permanent roomers:
profitable investment: 4 blocks from Market;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
A— WANTED— Good tenants for new houses;
85 and K0 rooms. At SPECK & CO.. 667 Mkt
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house see
BASILE. 3 JEddy st: new cash buyer dally.
FOLSOM. 1223—10 nice furnished rooms: laun-
dry and bath; rooms all rented; reasonable.
CHANCE— II- room house: 2 baths: 3 patent
closets: lot 20x65:2; rent $30. Apply bakery.
Broadway and Leavenworth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 popes. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE 2-story and basement house; modern
improvements; fine flower garden; 1731 Bu-
chanan Et., bet. Sutter and Post Apply 623
Golden Gate aye. i>' *:*,
HANDSOME house. 8 rooms; just renovated.
1911 Buchanan at., bet. Bush and Pine.
LOCUST aye.. 629. near Laguna and McAllis-
ter—Single house. 4 rooms; basement; rent
$I*.
SUNNY 10-room house. 1522 Pacific aye.. near
Franklin at SPECK & CO.
TO LET — Two-story, sunny house, 9 rooms and
bath. 1209 Jackson st, near Jones.
$30—216 WALLER st.: 9 rooms, bath. ba»em*nt
and large yard: sunny side: water free.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED^
FOR saie— Centrally and desirably located, an
8-room house, elegantly furnished, including
piano; the furniture is nearly new and very
fine. Address box 3021. Call office.
LOST AXD FOUXD.
LOST— Lady's purse, black; contalnUi g three
$100 drafts and $20 gold piece. If finder
return drafts to MR. TOM COONEY. at
Russ House, no questions asked.
LOST— A bull terrier dog: black patch over
right eye and ear brand: black collar: tall
undocked. $1 50 reward at 1134 Jackson st
LOST— Bull pup terrier: brtndle. Return to
219 Grant aye. ; reward.
FRIDAY. March 22. about 8 a. m.. prayer book.
"The Little Manual of the Sacred Heart " on
the way to Dominican Church from corner
California and Stelner sts. Please return to
2523 California st. and receive reward.
LOST— Bag containing opera glasses and holder;
initial B on glass. Pleaee return to 7 Mont-
gomery st.: reward.
LOST-Large Maltese cat; $10 reward. Return
to 7C5^» Valencia st.
LOST— Tortoise-shell side comb with pearls.
Liberal reward. box office.. Columbia Theater.
LOST— A bunch of keys. Return to 3426 Eight-
eentb st. ; reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of LIZZIE KELBER. No. 91-4SL The
finder will please return to bank.
MATRIMOXIAL.
WIDOW of 34. of good address, possessing the
¦ ; best of business qualifications, would like to
, meet elderly gentleman of means who would
assist her financially; object, matrimony.
Box 3093, Call office.' /
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, fie well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned front
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment S3; safe and reliable cure In ona
day; 15 rears' successful practice la S. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. IDO7H Market st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowne-i
ladies* specialist; safe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free: success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1C23'4 Market 'st
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st.. cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and ailmenu
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office house, 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladies' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. S3: safe and re-
liable: consultation free. 1122 Market st. bet,
' Mason and Taylor: hours 9 s. m. to 5 p. m.
MKS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; horns
in cenfinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, S3; any aliment; consultation free. 543
Post St.. between Hyde and Larkla.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladles' speclal-
lst; guaranteed treatment at office. So; saf»
and reliable; consultation free; hours 10 to 8.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: lai!*s'
physician; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. 15.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. 1113 Market
st; every case guaranteed; S3 up.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment SX
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private torn*
in confinement. 1313 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WO.VO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
MEDICATED BATHS.
DR. CONANTS Compound Vapor Bath— Puri-
fies tba blood; destroys disease germs; pro-
tects; cures: — TttalUes; saves life and doctor
bills: outfits for is.!*: agents wanted: send for
booklet. ANTr>Rr>«3TS. 47 Po«f «t . 9 V . Ca».
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-10_-10_-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
10,000 FEET good second-hand pipe; 1 to •
inches In diameter; in lots to suit. THOMP-
SON. 40 Main st |
RUNT pigeons— Runt crosses for squab breed-
Ing; layinc White Leghorn hens. Address
box 2747. Call office, Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st.
BREECH-LOADING shotgun for $15; cost orig-
inally $32. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
FULL dress. Tuxedo, other suits. Portland Loan
Office, 23 Stockton; phone Black 1201; postal.
BARGAINS In potatoes at 524 Second st; tel.
Main 1349.
FOR sale— Steerage ticket on first boat to
Nome. Apply RICHARD UHTE. 425 San-
some st.
A— S3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st, nr. Pine.
PLAT In Odd Fellows' Cemetery: choice loca-
tion; slopinc ground: no reasonable offer re-
fused. C. H. BLOHM. 11l California st
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
i 33 Market st. San Francisco.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition; complete: cheap. 1313 Mission, nr. 15th.
FOR sale— Drawing board. 36x43: printing
frame with glass. 23x42. 135 Douglass st.
*A FINE suit $10; dress pants $2 73. Misfit
Clothing Parlora. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausage ma.-
. chlnery. Mclntosh & Walpman. 135 Fremont
FORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
8 H. P. STEAM hoist and boiler in perfect
order; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1532 Market st
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork:
latest attachments: cheap. 115 Sixth st
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fire and burg-
lar proof safe. 218 California st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sixes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker: 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compressor: 5 locomotives. 223 Fremont
MISCELLAN EO IS WANTS.
WANTED— Coyote skins and other furs; prices
have advanced; ship to us at once if you
want highest market prices. HERMAN
WALDECK CO.. dealers in hides and furs.
38 Clay st, San Francisco. CaL
WANTED— OId fast-flying pigeons; no squabs.
For terms and shipping directions apply to
San Francisco Trap Shooting Association, 229
Market st. room 6.
HYDRAULIC pipe wanted. 8 to 12-Inch: give-
size amount, location and price. Address
box 5046. Call office.
FULL dress. Tuxedo and other suits. Portland
Loan Office, 15 Stockton st; phone Black
1201; postal.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHTTKHT=TAD. 171" Market »t.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; « per cent; first
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bids.
ANY amount at 6 per cent: Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no da-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 1.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 816 Market
it: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest ratas. BECKER & CO., *<i Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 121 Kearny st. room 9. respectable privat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. Davta 995.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quie'e
; service; money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
C 8 and 63. Done hue build Ir.g. 1170 Market st
LOANS made on furniture at IM per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBARGER.
322 Ellis st.. room 34.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; 3%:
no removal; no commission. ( Eddy st. r. 81. j
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other collateral. D McRAE. 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. nn. 44. Merchants' Exchge.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing — Men can secure loans on personal nets.
LOANS to salaried people; personal security
only. TOUSLEY. J2l Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MOKRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$30 TO SaO.OCO: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs ;
aay proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
On furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. US McAllister.
IP your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see. H. MURPHY. (30 Market st.
TO lalaried men. without collateral or lndorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Aeency. J43 Phelan building.
MUSICAL INSTHU.YIENT9.
WE know that we give the best goods for th«
least money; call on us and see our Decker,
Packard or Boothe pianos. MAUVAIS. 753
Market st.
WE have Just what you want in the way of a
piano; prices and terms to suit MAUVAI3
763 Market st.
BUY one of our beautiful Olympia self-playin»
music boxes on Installments i; you can't snar*
the cash. MAUVAIS. 763 Market st
A BSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou»»
west of Chicago la KOHLF.R _ CHASE* a
26. 23 and 30 O'FarreU st: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th*
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell st
A LIST OF MONEY SAVERS.
Samples from factory which are out of our
regular line: such makes as Weber. Hardman.
Ccnover. Uehr. Everett and KSngsbury; prices
from $150 to $200 less than rejnilar price. Also
8 slightly used pianos from $137 up; easy pay-
«£"s?/ cc us tnls w «ek If you want a snap.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1C O'Farrell st
F £2£.m B£h.er8 £ h . er * Stelnway uprtsht: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. St.
FINE lan?e upright piano sold for storaj— ; IICO
•cash. WILSON'S STORAGE, 1110 Market st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1900.
8ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and I'sfaro.
. OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
AN elegantly fumtehed front, alcove room,
bath adjoining; marine view; suitable for 1 or
2 gentlemen.- 825 California ct.. nr. Powell.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." $24 Bush St.. ad-
Joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all price*.
Vv t;LX»-BUII/r. attractive house; choice neigh.
borhood; central Oakland; 10 rooms; sunny
comer; lot 40 by. 125 feet: near station; J6SOO;
part caih. Owner, box 8742. Call office. ¦•¦ '¦"¦
BUCHANAN,- 1743— Unfurnished large sunny
room to let; cheap. - : . • ¦¦ '
BURNETT. HIS Market st. (old No. UM)— Fur-
nished rme. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 112*— Elegant suite and single: rooms;
bath; running water; beautiful home; elegant
rectsiUoa room; {12 uj>, ._
OAKLAND .FLATS TO: LET. :
FLAT of < rooms and bath; nice garden; large
yard; $15. 572 Thirty-fifth t., Oakland. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR B\L,mu.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas.- th*
Xuxplture dealer, ftth, and Franklin, Oakland^
OTcAVOY &CO,.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS
1239 Market St., between Bth and 9th.
phone South 24'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ' been established at 103*
Valencia rt. ¦" ..-- •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW houses to rent, near the University: 8
and 9 rooms each. MASON & McLENATHEN.
adjoining P. 0., Berkeley station.
FINE hous« of 8 rooms. . fully furnished, for
rent. MASON & McLENATHEN. adjoining
Postnfflce. Berkeley station
OAK. 119—1 sunny front room; furnished for
housekeeping for 1 or 2 persons; $5.
O'FARRELL, 742 — Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor floor; 2 to 5 rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
POLK. 522— Furniched and unfurnished house-
keeping room*; very runny and cheap.
SOUTH PARK, 184— Large sunny front house-
keeping room; rent $9 per month.
TURK, MS— Large front room; coal stove; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas and bath; $10.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny parlor suite, with
kitchen; ga* range.
MARKET, 1352. over Monarch Bhoe Store— Fur-
nished housekeeping rooms; also single rooms.
MARTHA place. 2. off Geary it., near Taylor-
Two furnished rooms for housekeeping.
MINNA, 2&— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
MISSION, MS— 2 or 3 sunny rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping.
N ATOM A. 729— Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
rent $7. • ¦ • ¦.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN*. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.,
wants city property In exchange for farms.
J. W. HORN. 812 Main St.. Petaluma; real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian hares. Send
for free list cf Sonoma County bargains.
FARMS and city realty to sell or exchange.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market. n*ar Call bldg.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 6711.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency.l4s 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
No. 628 Market Street.
A BEAUTIFUL NTSV HOME.
$3,250 — Built to order; new house, 6 room* and
bath, porcelain tube, tile mantels, gas
crrates, china closet*, pretty artistic
froct. Iron fence, cement walk, bitu-
men street; cars pass the door; Mis-
sion warm belt; will make terms.
PATS 15 l-» PER CENT.
S2.COO — Rent* $ESJ per annum: on Welch, sear
Fourth; 6 Cats of 3 and 4 rooms.
BUSH STREET SNAP.
$6,Wo— Near Po!k st.; lot 27:6x120 feet; back to
Fern aye. ; double frontages; lot alone
worth RW; Improvement*; 2 houses
and 2 fiats; rent* $64 per month.
PATS 12H PER CENT.
$7500— Near Etockton and Butter ft*.; > new
Cat* of 6, 6. 6 room* and bath; every
modem Improvement; porcelain tubs;
tile xaastels, etc; lot 30x#); all rented.
NEW MODERN RESIDENCE.
$s.loo— Heosa 7 room* and bath and basement;
all modern Improvements; dome cell-
Ing* ; porcelain tubs; reception hail;
white and gold mantels, etc.: lot 2Sx
106:3; Clayton «... near Waller.
COMMERCIAL DISTRICT.
rJ.OOO— Cansoin* *t., near Jackaoo; old bnpta.
110,000— NortlKrast corner on Eansome *L; etoras
and howl above; lot (8:9x127 :< feet.
TVTLL TRADE.
FOR IMPROVED PROPERTT.
|7.e»-r:se lerel corner lot, U7:exl27:« feet: or
will cut Into lots; on Hyde tt. car
line; £&• marina view.
CHEAP LOTS.
H.B3&— Dclore* et.. sear 2XI; S frontages; lot (0
xlI7:l feet; cheapest lot In the vicinity.
$I.oo— WaH«r *C near ptanyac; 25x100.
EAETON. ELDRIDGE * CO.,
Ctg Market street.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
PHYSICIANS AXO SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— OTfIce and residence,
. IT! 1 * Market ft.. b«>t. Fixth sn3 Seventh, i
LADIES' end pptu?' cast-off clothing bought and
*old. F'.lverrr.an. S«4 Felsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur rarment*. hood*, mitts, leather
r'fi-c H M HFTVFMAN. 109 Fsnsome St.
IF you wish full value for your caEt-off cloth-
!r.g r&:\ m B. Cohen. IE7 Third f-tel. Black 4123.
STORE and residence property with large lot in
town: Alameda County: only $2000; see this
bargain. H. H. CRANE. 50S Californai st.
NOTE! — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In tha left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of th« day. except when there ar» but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on th«
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference la the mean of the lower low water*.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J.'WHITE-
IIORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. ISIS Linden St.. Oakland.
CURLED or waved hair can be quickly ob-
tilned by using Talcotfs Curling Fluid; 25
Sun rises... ......5:44
Sun sets.- <:40
Moon sets. 3:41 a. m.
THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights;
elegant new furniture; single, suites; trans't.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S, 506 Kearny «t.
AN elegant BBtt for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestic remnants. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market at.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 12 (over Pup Rotisserie)— Nicely
.furnished rooms from $12 to $30.
MHES. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, lm-
potmcy: all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1243 Howard st.
LEDERER'S Quintcnlca halrtonlc preserves and
beautifies the hair; Ssc bet.; Foamo Shampoo,
tc pkg. G. LEDERER. I£3 Stockton st.
JO-IN. Switches for $2; this at Lederer**: every
customer receives a pkg. of fine El Perfecto
Rouge free; halrdressing '.he very latest, 25c.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
PERSONALS.
Weather Report.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April S— s p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same data
last season, and rainfalls In the last 21 hoars:
Last 24 This • Last
Stations— hours, season. sea_os.
Eureka* O.GO 43.10 31.55
Red Bluff 0.00 20.07 13.37
Sacramento O.CO 15.93 13.91
San Francisco 0.00 17.47 15.3S
Fresno 0.00 7.35 «.78
Independence, O.CO 2.7S 1.18
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 15.10 14.77
Los Angele* 0.00 5.83 4.79
Ean Diego 0.00 S.3S 4.5S
Yuma 0.00 0.73 1.3*
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
66 degrees; minimum. 45; mean. 50.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather prevail* over th» north
ern portion of the PaclSo slope, fair weather
over the »outhern, cloudy and threatening over
the plateau and snow over the Rocky Mountain
region. The snowfall over Utah. Northern Ari
zona. Southern Idaho and Wyoming has been
Quite heavy.
The pressure ha* risen over the western por
tion of tha country except a slight fall along
the California coast.
The temperature has risen over th» northern
portion of the Pacific slope and fallen decidedly
over the plateau and Rocky Mountain regions.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather la
California Monday and somewhat warmer;
snow 1* likely over the Rocky Mountain region.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight Monday. April 9, 19C0:
For Northern California— Fair Monday; some
what warmer; fresh northwest wind.
For Southern California— Fair Monday; light
west wind. '
For Nevada— Partly cloudy Monday; warmer.
For Utah — Snow Monday; continued cold.
For Arizona— Fair In the southern portion,
snow in the northern portion.
For San Francisco and vicinity^— Fair Mon
day; warmer; fresh northwest wind.
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
, pany Con.— A dividend (No. 16) of seventy-
' five (75c) cents per share on the issued cap-
ital stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, 430 Cal-
ifornia St.. San Francisco, on April 10, 1900.
Transfer books close April 8, 1900. at noon.
A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Callfor-
' nla, room 229 Crocker building. San Francisco,
Cal.; April 6, 1900-Coupon due April 12, 1900.
from first mortgage six (6) per cent bonds of
' Sierra Railway Company of California will
be paid at the fiscal agency of this company,
tha Crocker-Woolworth National Bank, on
. and after that date.
S.D. FRESHMAN/ Treasurer.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 8 (25c per
share) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.
; will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market st., on and after MONDAY. April
16. IWO. Transfer books will close on Tues-
day. April 10, 1900. at 3 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
Tt?t> you in reed of a piano T We have a larg»
isS_Sri?s^_i_?_
ss^S_SVS__3^Sil
f J $4 and :5 per month. SHERMAN. tLA I
end Broadway. Oakland. ;
Poet i:".. e'le agent Sohmer and Byron Mauzy
; :.r.- i-
A BEAUTIFUL upright piano: must be sold
Immediately: »*e :t before purchasing. Room
tl. Flood bullglr.g. '
A BAnGA.IN-Ptelr.way. $125: store open Sat.
evenlr-g. Helr.e Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis st.
X»ON"7 buy: rent a n*w piano, $3 per month.
6COTT-CTT.7AZ PIANO CO.. 160 Hayes st.
W G HADGER. 412 facramento st., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallrtt & Davis pianos.
CfX"»D upright p'.ar.o; nearly new; cheap.
HQRNINOS. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN- O?oi upright : cheap. SCHMITZ.
16 McAllister Ft., next Hlbemla Bank.
El'PEP.inn violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULIXR. rrakT. r<>pa!r<r. 2 T..itham place.
OFFICES AM) STORES TO LET.
GOLDEN^GATE aye.. ll'6— Store with living
rocmi: suitable for any business; with etable;
good location: rent reduced.
ELEGANT location; suitable for doctor or
dentist. Audubon. California and Hyde.
FOR rent— Elegant offices In Y. M. C A.
building. Mason and Ellis etc.
P ALM I STR V. ~
"WATSON, the "cr.ly" natural palmist and
medium; full readings. 25c. 1581 Market *t.
S!ME. Neercaard. Prts. St. Germain College of
l'i!nlrtry: rise's 1 to 8. Cl 6 Geary, nr. Jones.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
f . ? , LNIMPROVED PR6PERTIES
THE 4^FO^LOW^^IE^ KNOWN AS
mi m 5-V£ ENBERRT PROPERTY TO BF.
m Rm?, i i OUT RESERVE TO THE HIGli-
TUV JIW.V?? 1 - (THE CONFIRMATION OF
>£ L . RT 1S xo ? REQUIRED.)
„*. ?V n °»ce Kearny-street Investment.
«t*ntf H Kearny »t., W. line, near Sutter.: sub-
»T£ H al , 4 " Btory brlck building; rents $328 per
c&i lot T 2sx5 ":5 to rear street.
I^o c Inv estment In Wholesale District,
tioi « . 80me Bt -i w - lln « near B^sh; substan-
tial ?-etory and basement brick building; rent
* 175 Lj*w month; lot 23:11x67:6 to rear alley.
Choice Fourth-street Business Property.
?- • * nil J3 ° Fourth st.. SW. line., be-
tweer Howard and Folsom- 3-story frame build-
ing, consisting of 3 stores and lodging-house;
rtnu $125 per month: lot 50x75.
v-nolce Eddy-street Investment.
Undivided Half Interest.
£17. 619, £21 ar.d C 23 Eddy st.. S. line, between
Hyde and Larkin: 4 two-story frame dwellings
of 9 rooms and bath each; proportion of rent
for undivided half Interest $S6 60 per month.
_ Referee Sale.
The two following properties, by order of
Charles 8. Buraell. sole referee. Subject to
confirmation by the court:
765-767-769 Mission St., "SE. line, between Third
and Fourth; substantial 3-story and basement
brick building, consisting of 3 stores and lodg-
lnr-house; rent* $246 per month; lot 50x100.
No. 2.
SW. corner Bush et. and Grant aye.: substan-
tial 4-story and basement brick building; store
on rround floor and 3 floors above used for
lodging purposes: rents $105 per month: lot 22x
28; subject to a claim for taxes for the widen-
ing of Grant aye. (Dupont st.)
Referee Bale In Partition.
The following property, by order of G. H.
Umbsen, sole referee. Subject to confirmation
by the court:
953-955 Mission st., BE. line, between Fifth
and Sixth: two 2-story and basement frame
bouses; rents $62 "0 per month; lot 45xS0.
Executrix's Sale,
SW. corner Fifth and Folsom sts.; 306 to 310
Fifth st. consists of 2 stores and 4 flats of 6
rooms and bath each: 901 to 905 Folsom st. con-
sists of « etores, 3 flats and lodging-house;
rents $229 50 per month: lot 75x90.
Executrix's Sale.
4F3 a_d 455 Stevenson tt.. SE. line, between
Fifth and Sixth ste. ; Improvements consist of
factory, etore and dwelling; rents $68 per
montn: lot SOxSO; subject to confirmation by
the court.
Choice Western Addition Corner.
729-731 Fillmore st.. SW. corner Orove: 2 bay-
window houses of 8 and 11 rooms and bath each;
brick foundations; stone walks; both streets
accepted; lot 50x122:6.
Choice Richmond Cottage.
112 Thirteenth aye.. near Lake ft.; cottage of
4 rooms and bath; high basement and stable;
let 25x120: this property faces the proposed
new panhandle between the Park and Presidio.
Administrator's Sale.
City Hall aye.. SE. line, 175 feet NE. of City
Hall Square; lot 25x120; subject to confirmation
fey the court.
Choice Residence Corner.
2801 Webster st., NW. ccrner.of Green: sunny
desirable residence of 11 rooms and bath, com-
mandir.g a fine, unobstructed marine view;
stone foundations etc.; lot 137:6x137:6.
Peremptory Sale.
SE. line Buena Vista aye., close to Halght
and Baker st*.: 2 choice residence lot*; 25x125
each.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G H. UMBSEN 4; CO.. Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
NEARLY SMOTHERED
IN MISSION MUD
SUNDAY, April J.
Bchr Monterey. Beck, hence April 7 for Coo*
Bay, returned on account of machinery being
disabled.
Stmr Reporter, Llndberr. hence April 5 for
Cooks Inlet, returned on account of deck leak-
Ing badly And losing mate overboard in a strong
NW gale April 7at7 p. m. Mate Ole A. Johan
sen. a native of Norway, aged 33 years, acci
dentally fell overboard and was drowned In a
heavy NW gale. He waa a resident of San
Francisco and leaves a wife and two children.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POIXT LOBOS. April B—lo p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind NW. velocity 12 mile*.
MISCELLANEOUS.
April 7— Pilot boat Oracle S dttrlnc *tron«;
wind carried away main mast head.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EMITj ULRICH, a Swiss tanner,
nearly lost his life Saturday night
ln^the '. slimy ooze of Islals Creek,
~: according to \ the story he tells of
his terrible~ r experience. He visited friends
in South • San Francisco Saturday ¦ and
started to return to his lodgings on Fol
som street after dark. He lost his bear
ings and strayed into the Mission mud
flats near Craig's tannery, where the mire
aside from being soft and deep, has the
additional quality of being saturated, with
tannery refuse. .
Ulricn was up to his waist In the mud
before he attempted to retrace his iteps,
then his efforts were futile, for the more
he, squirmed the deeper he sank. There
seemed to be no bottom to the bed of
slime, which, gradually sucked the unfor-
tunate man down into its disgusting
depths.
Gradually be sank to bis arm pits, then
his shoulders became submerged and
finally all that remained above the sur
face of the mud was the man's. head and
he had to compress his lips to keep the
slime from choklnp him.
He says he remained In this precarious
situation until dawn yesterday morning
when by a superhuman effort he managed
to extricate himself and crawl to the tan
nery, where he fell exhausted and re
mained until discovered by Officer Porter
some hours later.
The rays of the sun had dried the mud
on his clothing until it was almost as
hard as cement, and he was unable to
move a limb * until his outer garments
were cut off him. He was treated at the
City and County Hospital.
NEWPORT— Arrived April B— Schr Halcyon,
from Eureka; schr Excelsior, from Port Blake-
ASTORlA— Arrived April B— Bktne Cheha'.ls,
from Kahului.
Sailed Abtll B— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April B— Br ship
Queen Elizabeth, from Shanghai: schr Sailor
Boy. hence March 23.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived April B— Schr Roy
Somers, from Port Townsend.
SAX PEDRO— Arrived April 7— Schr R W
Bartlett. from Tacoma.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April S— Stmr Bruns
wick, from Eureka.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aortl 9— Stmr Islam,
from Copenhagen.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April S — Star
Bremen, from Bremen, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed April B— Stmr Wim
land. from Liverpool, for Philadelphia: stxnr
( . Campania, from. Liverpool, for New York. '
ARRIVED.
SUNDAY. April J.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. 62 hours from Coo* Bay.
Stmr Fulton. Johnson. 96 hour* from Grays
EtmrGlDsy, Leland. a hour* from Mom
Stmr of Pars, Zeeder. a day* from Pan
ama and way ports,
r.ktne Gleaner. Peck. U day* from Cbrambia
Schr Laura May. Hansen, 11 day* from Gray*
Schr Newark. Beck. 14 hour* from Bowen*
Landing. . . .
Schr Amethyst. Zimmerman, I day* from
Schr Mary C Campbell. I hour* from Fort
R0 "- BAILED.
SUNDAY. AorU S.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hlnkle. — v
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. .
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Aatorla.
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen. Eureka. ¦«•
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. Astoria.
Stmr Elsie, Duerrbeck. Pyramid Harbor.
Ncr etmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanaizno.
Br stmr Warfield. Pattte. Chemalnus.
Whal stmr Beluga, Redflah. whaling.
Ptmr Willamette. Hansen. Seattle.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, Pyramid Harftofk
Bark C D Bryant. Colly. Honolulu.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Coos Bay.
Schr Volante. Ahrens. ..
Schr Lillebonne. Hansen. Gray* Harbor.
RETURNED.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE!.
$1750— 6-ROOM cottage: ftreet work done; lot
40x135; sunny exposure; yard nicely Improved:
best part of Berkeley; between asylum and
University of California: adjacent property
held at ICO per foot; owner absent; must be
sold: easy terms.
$5000— Right at the entrance to the Univer-
sity of California; elegant corner lot; 9 rooms;
modern and complete; ready to move Into.
$13C0— South Berkeley, near station; modern
E-room cottage: easy terms; good a* new;
sold once for $2000. M. L. WURTB, Seven-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. ¦ ¦
THE biggest bargain of the year, adjoining
high-priced property and within 10 minutes'
walk of University; 1 block from Telegraph-
ave. electric railroad; 475 feet frontage. 180
feet deep; must be sold; make an offer. MA-
BON & McLENATHEN. adjoining P. 0.,
Berkeley.
HARRIET, t. off Howard — Two rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; water and garden.
HOWARD. 761H— Nicely furnished bay-window
suite; kitchen; man and wife; others.
MARKET, 1535— 2 cunny furnished connecting
room*; range, water. Fink, "yard; $10; elngle
rooms, $5.
GEARY, 643— Nice sunny room.
A. M. EPDCK & CO «C 7 MARKET BT.
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST.
$200,000— Downtown corner; modern S-*tory brick
building: cost over $200,000; lot 140x135
ft.; rent* $15,000 yearly.
$50,000— Few blocks from Chronicle: pays 6 per
cent net; lot 61x129 ft.; 2 frontages;
brick improvements.
$75,000— Corner; half block from Market et.,
\-lclnlty lilbemla Bank: 75 ft- front;
rare Investment; rent* $300.
$62,500— Near Market and Ist «t*.; let SSxM tt.;
4-story brick building; bank mortgage
$2:,000.
$40,000— Near Kearny St.; rood brick lmprove-
meets; rents tzr.y, annually; 25 ft- front
$3.ooo— Lot C» .-6x120 ft.; vicinity McAllister and
Larkin sts : rents mo.
K4,C<«— Sixth *t.; 75 ft. frontage; bay-window
buildlct; rent* $200.
$12,500— Rents $130; marine view; S new flat*.
$i2,tOO— Ninth et.; 88 ft. front; 2 stores and
f.ats; rents $1020 yearly.
$19,000— NR. cor. Fe-Il and Masonic aye.: lot 2Sx
100 ft.; elegant residence. 10 rooms,
bath; all modern convenience*; apace
for a Ftable; make offer.
$S.mo— 6 new flats; rent* $84: lot tOxIOO ft. -
$7,000—6 Cati near Cth and ' Mission; rent* $960
a year: lot 50x75.
»5,C00- Powell et. ; 3 fiats; £*nt* $52.
$2.ooo— South Park: bouse and lot SxlO7:« ft.
A. M. SPECK & CO CE7 MARKET ST.
JOHN PFORR. 40J Pine ft..
Opposite the Nevada Bank.
One of the bert location* for flat booses;
healthy and handy; a large lot on 13th St., Just
¦we*t of Valencia: 100 feet, running through to
Clinton Park, with 125 feet front on park; for
sale as a whole or In subdivision; price very
reasonable.
$i*oo— lient t'4? per anrmm; a fine business
property In the "Western Addition; 3-story
bouse, rtore ar.d fiats.
:'4.«— i'.er.t $30; a splendid pl«oe of baslne**
property; store and dwelling; lot 25x76.
$&2o&— Rents 170; 4 splendid flat* In Western
Addition: lot 50x80.
PARK LOTS— AN EAST METHOD TO GET
ONE.
On Installment*— sls down and $5 per month*
price $150; park lots ExliO feet each; well lo-
cated; only 5 blocks from th« park and 4 block*
from thp boulevard.
KACRIFICE— New 9-room, 3-ntory bou*e; lot
26:9x100, with chlcken-hou»e, etc; suitable
for Cats; must be sold; make an offer; $2000
or less. FHADBURNE. CIS Sacramento st_
IF you have Jets In Richmond district, north of
th* Park, that you wish to cell quickly theo
call en W. t. GUNJ^, K8 C_UXoral» «t, |
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— Three unfurnished
rooms. $10; also 2 unfurnished rooms, $7.
FIFTH, 348— Suite of rooms for housekeeping;
rent cheap." 1 -
CHURCH. 293— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing cheap; corner building.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
City and County of Ban Francisco to Lucius
E. Greene, lot on N line of Broadway, 137:8 W
of Webster street. W 80 by N 275.
Emily O. Curtis to Corinna M. Curtis, lot on
N line of McAllister street. 146:6 E of North
Wlllard E 26, N 81:6%. W 27:2. S 81:6%: $10.
Eva D. Mlnear (wife of John I.) to Hlbernla
Ravings and Loan Society, lot on W line of
Sanchez street, 67 S of Nineteenth, 8 67 by W
105; $10.
Oliver W. and Elizabeth Moore to Albert E.
and Mary Hawkyard. lot on S line of Twenty-
sixth street. 26 W of Harrison, W 24:4& by S
90; $10.
Giovanni B (or G.) and Palmira Torre and
David and Anna Flgone to Giovanni Flgone.
lot on E line of Kearny street, 52 :6\ S of
Union. 8 18:2% by E 60; $10.
Phoebe A. Hearst (widow) to Elizabeth Lo-
gan, lot on E line of Hyde street. 115:9 N of
Golden Gate avenue. N 21:9 by E 82:6; $10.
Blanche L. Weems. Jean and Margaret Tay-
lor and Frances E. Burtis to David W. Todd,
lot on E line of Thirty-eighth avenue. 100 S of
A street. 8 100:lL NE 127:11. W 75; also lot on
BW corner of J street and Thirty-eighth ave-
nue. W 120 by S 75; $10.
Donald H. and Irene McNeil (minor*, by Elis-
abeth McNeil, guardian) to Robert H. Espey,
same; $50.
Builders' Contracts.
Joseph Goetz (owner) with William Plant
(contractor), architect Thomas J. Welch— All
work for alterations and additions to a two-
story brick building on E line of Stockton
street. 137:6 S of Clay. E 28 by S 40; $2789.
Henry E. Bothln (owner) with F, W. Kern
(contractor), architect G. W. Percy— Carpenter
¦wcrk, etc., for a two-story and basement brick
building on SE line of Mission street, 234:6 SW
of First. SW 22 by SE 80; $2100.
CALIFORNIA, 2523—2 or 2 sunny furnished
rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erences exchanged : private family. *
Shipping Intelligence.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A FLAT of 4 beautiful lance rooms, wide hall,
stationary tubs, with bath, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; hot and cold water;
gas and telephone; new house; fine view;
healthy location; in a Email, private family;
no children wanted : rent reasonable. • 4231
Twentieth st., near Castro.
TO LEASE.
TO Lease— All or part of vacant property; 95x
1C0; on Mission st.. near Fifteenth; will build
lleht structure. Owner, box 3109. Call.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South rJS: packlnt. movlne and storage.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo aye.. S miles
ncrth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe railroad:
valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
map*, etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. *t.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. San Pablo aye.. 8 miles
ncrth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad-
Valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
maps. etc.. on Q. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. St.
$6M>O— A GREAT bargain; 84 acres: a profitable ~ n ---, cAT „.,...„.„ „,.,,„ -_,« tmav P i,.nrwi
and beautiful home farm, 36 miles from this H P T n E^. S AS^ .l»«nt ™5,»
city, near railroad town; about 20 acres In hands; thoroughly renovated, elegant rooms.
fruit; all In full bearing:; apricots will be a NICELY furnished sunny rooms, with or wlth-
large crop; good soil; well watered; pasture cu t board; 120 up. 712 O'Farrell St.
and crop land, with grove of lire oaks; beau- . ; ¦ — —
tlful view; improvements first-class; house 9 VAN NESS «ye.. 944 (The Wallace>— Room*
rooms: well furnlihed; In splendid condition; «nd beard: furnished and unfurnished; »ZO up.
barns and outhouses complete; water from M "" "~ ~^"^"~ —^^—^^—^— —
springs to house and grounds; all fanning SPECIAL NOTICES.
Implements and tools; the price Is less than . __ r ; kA>^
one-half cost; good reasons for an immediate BAD tenantB ejected for J4; collections made:
sale. H. H. CRANE. 508 California st. „.,„ „„ «. n ,,^.Vi, ¦Dir-TTrrr l r>oT.T.P"<~TTr»M
A SURPRISING offer— Given away; only $1250
for 2£o acres; 200 fenced; 15 acres richest of
valley loam; fully 1000 cords of oak; S-room
house: well; living creek; 6 miles by good
county road from Napa.
N. D. €ICKELS, the Land Agent.
10 Geary »t., opp. Chronicle bldg., S. F.
TO ARRIVE.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
NICELY furnished sunny rooms, with or with-
out board: $20 up. 742 O'Farrell st.
Steamer Movements.
NEW family hotel; first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special Inducements to
select .people. SO7 California St.. occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 100 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 r*r week;
free 'bus and baggage tr> and from the ferry.
PLENDID farm of 117 acres good land, ad-
Joining town of Pleaeanton, Alameda County:
can now be purchased at $47 50 per acr« and
including portion of growing crops. H. H.
CRANE, SOS California St.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury;
nice sunny bay-window rooms; flrat-class
table: prices moderate: 2 car lines pass hotel;
elevator; telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
et.. corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
$25.! $25!! PER acre for immediate sale; 200
acres (or less); nearly all in crop: Alameda
Co. ; no such bargain ever offered. H. H.
CRANE, :¦:>¦ California Ft. fcs>*£
C. D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Srutt: phone Steiner 339 L
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs E Dickinson, Cal
W Breckenridge, Ariz
J D Milton, Ariz
H M Trueheart. Tex
T P Clark. Stkn
J Clark, Stkn
Mrs E Thompson, Cal
C E Palmer, Cal
B Goldsmith. Stkn
D J McClosky, Cal
T C Walker, Cal
C M DJUdock. Or
ft Perkins, Oakland
D Knowles, Oakland
T Colllver, Cal
H Hus, Berkeley
T S Osgood, Oakland
W H Murphy. P Alto
J Livingston, Oakland
Mrs Miller & ds. Oak
W Dwyer, Benicla
L Buttner. P Costa
P A Gillmore/ Wash
C W Leathers, Cal
C Camillon. Wis
W Bogarus, Russia
W J Jackson, Russia
J W Bowen, L Ang
W E de Groat. L Ang
C J Lehman. .L Ang
E Clarks, St Louis
W Dean & w, Chicago
J Dean. Chicago
T Carroll. L Ang
G A McElfresh, L Ang
C A Hamill & w, B C
Dr Blodgett, Cal
J Merrls. L Ang
H Dunnell. R I
J A McAnnis, Cal
T E Houghton, Mass
B J Moon & w, S Jose
E Murphy, Cal
C Francee. Cal
C R Rlrbey. Erie
C A Wernle, Cal
P W Barnes, Cal
J Thompson, Cal
E M Preston, Nev
G-A Belageff, Sacto
P H Palmer & w, P V
Mrs Barstow A d, Cal
I Bird, Merced
C L Russell, Tulare
G W Zartman, Tulare
T Wllking, Colusa
J B de Jarnott, Cal
II Abbott, Anderson
Mrs T Winn, Sonoma
Mrs E Mory. Laramore
Miss Armstrong, Pa
P Carson, Colusa
M Boggs & w, Cal
Mrs Rosenburg &t, Wn
A Butler, Colusa
PALACE HOTEL
G Hammer & w. Cal
H C McClure. S Q
W- S Taylor, Cal
L H Howe, N V
J B Patton. N V
H Isaacs, N V
L B Adams, N V
A W Bruner, L AnK
F W Hamlln, Colo
C P Breslan, 8 Jose
Mrs W Baker. O
Mrs W L Baker. O
H E Campbell, S N
B Talbot. S N
T C Meln, S N ",: .
S C Dressier, Sacto
C Hlckmott. Cal
J Bernheimer & t, NT
May Hurlbutt. S N
R Hill, L Ang
Mrs Clayton, S Jose
H G Bayless, L Ang
Mrs Wright, 8 Jose
W M Sims. Sacto
O W Coby. Arii!
AH Atherton. Mais
W Woodworth, Mass
L Halle & w, Chicago
T E Bush & w, Ala j
Mrs A Williams Ala I
A F Bennett, Chicago
« Donovan, Chicago
D X Major, N V
C L Strange* L Ang
C McNeill. S Ana
A J Davis & w, Mont
Mrs D Campbell, Mont
Miss E Gaylord, O
J B McKim, Pa
W L Hurd. w & d. Pa
G Sully, Mass
C H Stuart, N T
H McVicker t w, N V
Miss H Hollins, N V
L H Bates. N V
J M Jackson, Mass
C Sterns. Mass
B C Allen & w. Pa
J S Morrison, Mich
Mrs J E Neal, O
Mrs D McKinney. O
Mr» J Argeslnger, NY
Miss Argeslnger, N V
Miss E Argesinger, NY
Miss E Areslnger, NY
F Grant & w, Chicago
Mrs A Prentiss, Chic
H Warren, Nevada
S C Eppsteln. Chic
C Storck. N V
B M Prince. S Rosa.
G Rau. Grldley
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Mulroy. Sacto
A W Ryerson, Detroit
J W Josephs, Merced
J Shepherd, Eureka
C Williams, Fresno
C R Breck, Berkeley
E R Hamblin, San Jose
T Singleton, Vallejo
J Olsen, Portland
C Keys, Indiana
Mrs J Keys, Chicago
J Keeve. Fresno
R Broe. Fresno
C V Peterson, Fresno
J Mooney, Louisville
S H Magnersen. L Ang
H.M Deel. Chlco
J M Hendrlcks. S Dies;
C F Ross, Modesto
H Dlckson, Stockton
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions ' has been established at . 109S
Valencia st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Pclk 6t. : open until 9 p. m.
HAVE you real estate In the Mission or Hor-
ner'* Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call on W. J. GUNN. 539 California st.
TURK, 529— Sunny Single room; use of bath;
private family.
MRS. DR. L. BI'RGEP. late matron cf Ger-
linan lioscltal. N. V.. specialist for bladder,
kiiaey, tkln diseases and cancer, office 1M
Fourth et- A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold, San
Mateo Orphan Asylum, cays: I had cancer on
my left leg. I was treated by Mrs. Burger,
106 Fourth St.. and certify that I was cured
In a fhort time. Wm. Osterhold. San Mateo.
WANTED— OId gold for manufg. O. NOLTE.
Jewe'.er. 24$ O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
suits TKade to crder: fit sruar. 2 Eighth st.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming hous*
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
$2550— FORECLOSURE: bank mortgage $1500.
fine chance for a home: elegant opportunity
corner lot 26:SxS6:S; 7 rooms and bath; bay-
windows ; South Broderick and Fourteenth.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
6UITS en easy installments from Imported or
domwftlc remnant*. One Price Tailoring Co.,
622 Kearr.y St., between Sacramento and C— ll-
forriia.
EDW. BELLE — Oudry, photographic Parls-
lenne. Entrance ICth. nr. Washington, Oakld.
TO let— Upper part of house, consisting of three
rooms and connecting bath; corner house;
best of references given and required; no chil-
dren. Box 3040. Call office.
BUTTER, 1022V4— Newly furnished sunny
rooms; reasonable.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—*
Times and Heights of High aad Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by ofSclal au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY. APRIL 9.
+ "The Peace Conference," a +
+ remarkable poem by Madge +
+ Morris!. Illustrated with a full- +
+ page drawing by Methf essel.
T This -will be one of the most +
-f artistic pages ever published +
+ and a revelation in what can
+ be done by the most up-to- +
+ date halftone processes and +
-T- presswork. We challenge
comparison! Get the Easter
edition of The Call— out next +
-f Sunday — or you will miss +
+ something really great.
BAN ANTONIO, 21 Taylor St.. near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture; hot and cold water: radiator*; salt
eea baths; suites and single rooms.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladies'
parlor; rocras, per night. Ssc to $1 60: week, $3
to $8; month. $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
POWELL, 505— Front sunny room, newly fur-
nished; gentlemen preferred; references; rea-
sonable.
ROSEDALE House, 819 & 321 Ellis St.— Room*,
night. 25c to $1: week. $1 25 to $4; open night.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or slnzles; running water; gas; reas.
PARTNERS WANTED.
•WANTED— A partner with come capital for
Ncme by a young man with a patent gold
separator: has been Nome last year and
owr.s good property there. Address R. HAS 3,
112 Howard st.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day; wk.. mo.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
euite; gas, water, stove; $12.
PROPOSALS.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission st.— Select
family rooming house; $1 50 to $( per week.
GRANT aye., 219 (The Clyde)— House refur-
nished; front rooms, 60c per day up; suites
reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sta. — Sunny rooms, en euite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms if-uites or single; traveler* accom.
GEARY, 14A— Light, sunny room; nicely fur-
nished; from $1 50 up.
FOURTH, 225— Nice, sunny front room," *nlt-
able for, one or two gentlemen.
FOLSOM, 620— Furnished and unfurnished;
large grounds for children.
ELEGANT furnished rooms, single and en
suite; dining room connected. Audubon, Cal-
ifornia and Hyde streets.
STANDARD FIXED
FOR FRUITS OF
THE OIL SANDS
Southern California Works
Out Problem for the
Derrick Men.
Shasta County Has Taken Up Quest
for Petroleum and Will Sink
Wells Within a Short Tim©
in New Territory.
The question of what constitutes a
proper classification of oil has been set
tled, so far as the Los Angeles Oil Ex
change can settle It." That body has Just
adopted the report of a special committee,
which practically does away with the dif
ferent degrees of gravity, so far as the
Los Angeles local field is concerned, and
classifies the oil entirely as to its purity.
The average gravity In the Los Angeles
field Is UVi degrees and It ranges from
12 to IS degrees. The reason assigned for
this basis of classification Is that the
great bulk of crude oil purchased between
12 and 18 degrees gravity is used as a
fuel oil. varying little in character except
as to the gravity. All crude petroleum,
between 12 and 18 degrees, is graded into
four classes, as follows: No. 1. contain
ing not to exceed 3 per cent water or sedi
ment; No. 2, containing not to exceed 10
per cent water or sediment; No. 3, con
taining not to exceed 20 per cent water or
sediment Any grade containing above 20
per cent of water or sediment will be
graded as No. 4. No special difference in
the full value of petroleum could be dis
covered between tne gravities of 12 and
lb degrees Baume. To ascertain the
amount of water and sediment the gaso
line test was adopted. This teat is as
follows: From 50 to 100 parts of crude oil
have added to them 50 or 100 parts of
gasoline, which are well shaken to com
bine them and are then submitted to a
temperature not lower than 60 degrees
Fahrenheit, and the precipitation during
twenty-four hours will indicate the classi
fication.
The striking news of the In the oil
field, so far as it indicates the general be
lief of the prospectors that there is oil
"from Siskiyou to San Diego and from the
Sierras to the sea," comes from Shasta
County. A company has been formed in
that county and a tract of. land of 1140
acres has come under the control of the
incorporators. In townships 32 and 33
north and range 3 west, being contiguous
to Stinking Canyon. Of this considerable
tract 240 acres were located, 480 acres al
ready patented were leased and 320 acres
were purchased from the railroad com
pany at $5 per acre. E. S. Watson, who
has investigated the matter, tells the In
vestors that he believes that if oil exists
in that section at all It will be found in a
belt covering all of fifty sections.
New oil companies since the last record
have filed articles of incorporation in the
office of the Secretary of State at Sacra
mento as follows: Ophlr Oil and Develop
ment Company of Fresno: Empire Oil
and Development Company of Bakers
field; Lord Roberts Oil Company of Han
ford, Kings County; Porterville Oil and
Mining Company of Porterville, Tulare
County. The extent to which the Califor
nia oil industry has succeeded in attract
ing attention abroad Is indicated by the
fact that the Fullerton Consolidated,
Southern Consolidated and Arroyo Grande
Oil companies have arranged to open an
office in London. The Los Angeles Times
says that one of the oil companies that
has wells In that city has a considerable
clientage abroad and that every mall
brings letters from France. Holland or
Germany. The leading oil paper of Lon
don gives considerable space to California
oil. Two new companies have been listed
on the Los Angeles Oil Exchange, the Los
Angeles Oil and Transportation Company
and the Oceanic Oil Company.
O. A. Ivers of Los Angeles has taken a
lease from the Chaffee estate in Ventura
County of a tract of 1123 acres of oil land.
An oil company has been formed at Ox
nard to prospect for oil on a tract of 1400
acres north of Saugus.
The Contra Costa Gazette gives Infor
mation that the Williamson place of 4SO
acres, in Contra Costa County, has been
bonded by an Eastern oil company's rep
resentative. Charles Gilbert has been
prospecting on the ranch of F. A. Hyde,
and there are other prospectors who have
been making their headquarters at the
Black Diamond. i«
The Ventura Petroleum Mining Com
pany has leased 160 acres five miles north
of Piru City, Ventura County, and the
lease will run fifteen years.
Four oil companies were recently incor
porated in Los Angeles in one day. One
of these had capital stock of $30,000 with
$25 subscribed, and another a capital stock
of $250,000 with $35 subscribed. This pro
vokes the Los Angeles Herald's oil man
to remark: "This looks rather dispropor
tionate, but It is much more honest than
In the case of some ambitious corpora
tions which are incorporated for a big
amount of money, most of which la paid
up— on paper— such, for Instance, as the
company referred to in this department
last week, incorporated for a million dol
lars and selling: at par, while the direc
tors subscribed to half the capital stock
after chipping in $30 apiece. The trouble is
that the mass of the investing or specu
lating public pay very little attention to
these questions. They fail to perceive
that stock In a company incorporated for
$100,000 and selling at 25 cents a share is
400 per cent cheaper— other things being
equal— than stock in another company in
corporated for a million dollars, which
sells at 10 cents a share. In course of
time, after a few more months have singed
their wings in the oil flame, there will be
more attention paid to these little de
tails."
The Portervllle Oil and Mining Company
has incorporated. The company has a
quarter section of land In the Sunset dls
trist. Kern County..
The Red Bluff Sentinel tells a story con
cerning the way William Clinton of that
town has struck luck. He was prospect
ing for gold and saw oil indications. He
secured forty acres of land for $400. Since
then David Kay, oil operator, has offered
$10,000 for the land.
The Glenn County Oil Company has been
Incorporated at "Willows. The Mclntosh
Coal Oil Company, operating at Ferndale.
Humboldt County, will erect three addi
tional derricks.
The Los- Ajigeles 'Western Graphic
throws stones at San Francisco for or
ganizing wildcat oil companies and says
that Los Angeles has been fortunately ex
empt in that regard. Now the Los Angeles
Herald has this statement, which may be
compared with the one made by the
Graphic, with amusing results: "About
the rawest thing that I have heard of so
far in connection with the exploitation of
oil stocks is the case of a company that
has been widely advertised In -the local
papers. In which a mind reader or
prophet, who Is also widely advertised, is
one of the leading spirits. He advertises
to give all sorts of advice on matters re
lating to business, love or any old thing,
and makes a specialty of advising Intend
ing purchasers of oil stock. When any of
these apply to him for advice as to what
stock they shall buy, after paying their $2
or so he confidentially recommends them
to invest In the company he Is interest
ed in."
¦ The oil fever has struck Ukiah and
Monterey. y
XOOMS TO LET— Para, and tnfnrn.
AUCTION SALES
O'ROURKE— In this city. April 8. 1900. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of Patrick O'Rourke and
mother of Mr*. D. F. Murphy and Margartt,
Thomas. Catherine. Nellie. Lizzie and James
O'Rourke, a native of Ireland, aged 64 years.
'.iryNotice of funeral hereafter.
PETERSEN— In this city. April 6. 1900. Loul*
Sonlg Petersen. a native of Balm. Germany,
aged 59 years 10 months and 10 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the fyperal par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street, near
Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
PRICE— In this city, April 8. 1900. Sarah, be-
lovad wife of J. B. Price: and mother of Mrs.
C. J. Kalghln, Mrs. C. A. Helwlg. Merton S.
Price. Lottie Price. Richard Price of Sacra-
mento and Ralph O. Price of Seoul. Corea, a
native of England, aged 68 year*.
CyNotlce of funeral hereafter.
RAMSEY— In the City and County Hospital.
April 7, 1900, George Ramsey, a native of Wy-
oming, aged 24 years.
SMITH— In Berkeley, April 8, 1900, Elizabeth,
". beloved wife of Charles Smith and mother of
Mrs. James, Mrs. Henry, Mrs. Johnson, Cap-
tain I. L. Smith and C. C. Smith, a native of
Australia, aged 61 years 3 month* and 4 days.
CTTriend* are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock, from the mortuary chapel of J. S.
Godeau, 305 Montgomery avenue, between
Broadway and Vallejo street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. April 8. 1900, Mrs. Caro-
line Smith, mother of George H. Smith. Mrs.
A. W. Scott and Mrs. Davis Louderback, a
native of Augusta, Me. '
C7Funeral from her lat« residence. 806 Bu-
chanan street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2
o'clock. Interment strictly private. Please
omit flower*.
STOKES— In this city. April 7, 1900. Henry W..
dearly beloved husband of Ellen Stokes, and
father of Mrs. I. Welch. Mrs. E. H. Mott
and Harry, Fred, Albert and Jessie Stokes, a
native of New York, aged 68 years and - 7
months.
(C7"The ¦ funeral will take . dace this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence. 422 Lyon street, between Hayes and
Grove, under the auspices of Unity Lodge No.
61, K. of P. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, via electric car from corner of Waller
and Clayton streets.
YON DER WALL— In this city. April 6. 1900.
Johanna, dearly beloved wife of Gottlieb yon
der Wall, a - native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 37 years 6 months and 14 days.
E7FTiend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
WHITEHEAD— In Oakland. April 8, 1900, Sarah
J. Whitehead, mother of Howard I*. Joseph
E. and Edith Whitehead. a native of Ken-
tucky, aged 64 year* 4 months and 14 days.
WEST— In this city, April 6, 1900, Bridget J.
West, a native of New Bedford, Mass., aged
6S years.
CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlor* of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
"Mission street.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOB SALES.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 14 (30c > per
share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the. office of the company,
327 Market st.. on and after TUESDAY, April
.10, 1900. ¦ Transfer books closed on Thursday,
Apri! 5,1 900. at 3 p. m. ' ' .
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL, MONDAY, APBIL 9, 1900.
CALIFORNIA. 705 (St. Peter** Hou*e)— New
bouse, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye, — Sunny corner: well turn.; rms. & offices.
EDDY, EJI— To let, nice furnished rooms, en
suite or single, by a German private family;
phone Halcht 2553.
200 HORSES AND MOLES
TO BE SOLD BY AUCTION AT GALT. CAL..
THIS DAY. MONDAY, April 9. at 10 o'clock.
FOLSOM. 965. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furnished rooms; suites or single: new mgmt.
fe AUCTION fe
4O HORSES
TUESDAY. U O'CLOCK.
ORMONDE STABLE. 1515 MISSION ST.
HOWARD.- 129— Rooms from $1 week. up to $5,
25c to $1 night: also housekeeping romos.
MCALLISTER, 228a— Newly furnished rooms in
private family for gentlemen only; single, $10;
double $12.
MINNA 667, corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, SJ7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished; rent reasonable. FLICK, Prop,
LEAVENWORTH, 1521— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let. ¦ •
ORLANDO House. 959 Howard, cor. Sixth-
Sunny rooms: prices to suit; open night.
SAN FRANCISCO,' Cal.. April 7, 1900— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received ¦ here
until 12 o'clock m., MONDAY, May 7. 1900.
and then opened, for furnishing during fiscal
year ending June 80, 1901, forage and straw,
to be delivered on board of vessels at wharves
In San Francisco, Cal., for shipment to Hono-
lulu, H. I. Government reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all ¦ bids or any part
thereof. Preference given to articles of Amer-
ican production, conditions of price and qual-
ity (Including In the price of foreign produc-
¦ tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
. tent of consumption required by the publio
service there. All information furnished on
application to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining bids to be Indorsed "Proposals ¦ for
.at San Francisco. Cal.." and ad-
dressed to J. M. MARSHALL, Deputy Quar-
termaster General, U. S. A., Chief Quarter-
master.
BIRTHS— MRRIAGES— DEATHS.
¦ Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be banded
In at either of the publication office* and be
Indorsed with the name and' residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DALY— In this city. April 5. 1300, to the wife of
John Daly, a daughter.
DREDGE— In Oakland, April 6. to the wife of
Theo F. Dredge, a daughter. . . i
PERCIVAL— In this city, April 6, to the wife
of Walter W. Percival, a daughter.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IK rsf»« 1n wmroer. for mallinr. $1 r*r year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For S*l«
11 ACRES close to depot. 86 miles from this
city; 3 acres In vineyard: some orchard;
house and barn; a fine neighborhood: beau-
tiful scenery; running water in front; bank
price $1500; a snap; don't miss It. H. H.
CRANE. £08 California st.
ROOMS WANTED.
UNFURNISHED room; about $4 month; near
California Market; man. Box 3319. Call office.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences: rates reasonable.* . . ',
HOTEL, central, Alajr.eda County: large lot;
hotel IS rooms and bar doing fine business;
cottage, stable, etc.; house well furnished:
only hotel'ln town and at R. R. depot; 33
miles from this city; price $5000; easy terms.
H. H. CRANE.' 508 California St. •
ELEGANT suite of rooms, bath; 'gentleman
preferred; board If desired. 97S Geary st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; 'phone Jackson 281.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
FOLSOM. ! 776H— 2 neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
ALAMEDA REAL. ESTATE.
$1200— NEW modern 4-room cottage: large lot;
all street work done; we*t side of street.
$600— Fine 4-room cottage; lot 80x100; closa
to station and schools; see this to-day.
$1750— Modern 6-room 2-story house; large
lot; good location: near train and schools.
$3500— New modern colonial cottage of 7
rooms; Grand street; large lot; easy term*.
A fine 8-room house, never occupied; must
be sold en account of death; nee- this prop-
erty: offer wanted.
A 8-acre ranch; all in fruit; 4-room house:
suitable for chicken ranch; windmill and
tank; In Fruit vale; right on car line; price
$3000.
Bargains In all parts of Alameda; house*
to rent, furnished or unfurnished.
Office open Sundays and evenings.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 Park St.. Alameda. ¦ •
DIED.
Baldwin. Mrs. M. V. Mosbach, Marie
Cameron, Ewen G. Normand, Berenice-
Cantrowith, Joseph O'Britn. Edward E.
Corcoran, Daniel O'Rourke, Margaret
Coulter, Eliza Petersen. Louis S.
Duckel, Nicholas Price, Sarah
Dudley, Mary S. Ramsey, George
Golden. Thomas E. Smith. Elizabeth
Gruner, Frank Smith, Caroline
Layden, Andrew A. Stokes, Henry W.
Mallon, Joseph B. Yon der Wall, Mrs. J.
Matthews, Wm. D. West, Bridget J.
Mitchell, Lillian F. Whitehead, Sarah J.
BALDWIN— In this city. April 6, 1900. at 12:50
p. m., at the Occidental. Mrs. M. V. Baldwin,
mother of Mrs. J. A. Ford and R. L. Coch-
ran. and grandmother of E. Courtney Ford, a
native of New Orleans. La. .
(n7"A solemn requiem mass for the repose of
her soul will be celebrated at St. Mary's
(Paullst) Church this day (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private.
CAMERON— In this city, April 7, 1900, Ewen
George, dearly beloved and only child of
Alexander and Emma Cameron, and grand-
son of Mr. and Mrs. George Burkhardt, a na-
tive of San FranciECO, aged 4 years 5 months
and 19 days.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the funeral this day
(Monday.) at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 228 Thirteenth street, between
Mission and Howard. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
CANTROWITH— In this city, April 8, 1900, Jo-
seph, beloved husband of Lena Cantrowith
and father of Mrs. Martin Solomon. Mrs.
Ellas Levy, Mrs. S. Horowltx. Mrs. F. P.
Green, Mrs. B. Rosenthal and Llllie, Dora.
Martin, Louis, Arthur and Harry Cantrowith,
a native of Posen, Germany, aged 69 years 10
months and 10 days.
EJ-Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CORCORAN— In this city. April 8. 1900, at his
late residence, 255 Perry street, Daniel, be-
loved husband of the late Annie Corcoran and
father of Mrs. Ellen Murphy and William D.
. Corcoran, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
C7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
.."COULTER— liv this city, April 8, 1900, Eliza,
- beloved wife of James Coulter, mother of Mrs.
Katie Jeffries, Mrs. Ida Strom and Alfred J.
and Charles A. Coulter, and sister of Mr*. H.
L. Night, a native of Quebec. (Winnipeg and
Ottawa papers please copy.)
K7*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1012 Geary street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by carriages.
DUCKEL— In this city, April 6, 1900. Nicholas,
beloved husband of Mary E. Duckel, and
father of John and William Duckel, Mrs. J.
E. Chapman. Mrs. J. C. Klnsey and Mrs. C.
L. Dall, a native of New -York, aged 70 years.
CCyFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
HaUted & Co., 946 Mission street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
OFFICERS and members of Terba Buena Lodge
No 14. A. O. U. W., are hereby notified to
assemble at the parlor* of Halsted & Co.. 946
Misston street, this day (Monday), at 1
o'clock, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Nicholas Duckel.
DUDLEY— In this city. April 8, 1900. Mary S.
Dudley, widow cf the late Allen P. Dudley
and mother of E. T. Dudley, Mrs. Alice J.
Blair and Mrs. William H. Barclay, a native
of New Hampshire, aged 79 years and 9
months.
(ETTriends and acquaintance* are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday,) at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1815 Baker street, between California
and Sacramento. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
OOLDEN— In this city, April 8. 1900, Thomas E.
Golden, a native of San Francisco, aged 31
years. .
GRUNER— In this city. April 8, 1900. Frank,
dearly beloved husband of Helene C. Gruner
(nee Walllta), father of Frieda, Elise,
Frank, Theodore. Helena, Leonore, Alice and
Gertrude Gruner, son of Mra. Elizabeth Gru-
' ncr find brother of William Gruner, Mrs. G.
Bchaefer, Mrs. William J. Hursmann and the
_ late Ferdinand Gruner. a native of Philadel-
phia, Pa., aged 47 years 9 months and 7 days.
LAYDEN— In this city. April 7. Andrew A.,
beloved son of the late Andrew and Jane Lay-
den and brother of Mamie and the late John
and William Layden, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aeed 22 years.
ETNoUce of funeral hereafter. Remain*
at the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van
Ness avenue.
MALLON— At his residence. 821 Grand street,
Alameda, April 6. 1900, Joseph 8.. beloved
husband of Theresa. C. Mallon, a native of
Tyrone, Ireland.
(OTA solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated this day (Monday), at 10 o'clock,
at St Joseph's Church. Alameda. Interment
private. Mount Calvary pemetery.
MATTHEWS— In this. city, April 8, 1900, Wil-
liam D., dearly beloved brother of Eddie Mat-
thewß of New York City and uncle of Wil-
liam E. Merltt of West Berkeley, a native of
New York, aged 63 years.
E7"Frlend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
Interment Mountain View. Cemetery. Oakland,
via 11 o'clock creek boat. .
MITCHELL— In this city, April 6. 1900. Lillian
Fiske, most loving wife of Hallet K. H.
Mitchell, and daughter of Henry G. and Eliza-
beth Flske. a native of San Francisco.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 12 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 478 Frederick street. Interment pri-
vate.
MOSBACH— In this city, April 8, 1900. Marie
Mosbach, dearly beloved mother of Mrs. R.
Maurer and dearly beloved grandmother of
Henry and Freddie Maurer. a native of Ger-
many, ared 70 years.
NORM AND— In this city, April 8. 1900, Bere-
nice Normand. beloved mother of Ernest A..
Alice B. and Emile H. Normand. daughter of
Mrs." B. Lagoarde and mother-in-law of Theo-
dore I. Ducruet. a native of France, aged 56
years 11 months and 11 days.
(T3* Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday.) ' at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, , 210 Guttenburg street. West J - End
Homestead, southeast of . Mission road, near
county line/ thence to Notre Dame dcs Vlc-
tolres Church. Bush street, between Stockton
and Dupont, 'where service* will be held, com-
mencing at 1 o'clock, v
O'BRIFN— In the City and County Hospital,
April 8, 1900, Edward E. O'Brien, a native of
Kentucky, aged 41 year«.T>aßa>WW'iiflWßßaWßß
HEN R V J. G ALL AG HER CO..
• (Successor* to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL ¦ DIRECTORS AND EMB ALMER3.
U Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South M.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
. 27 ' and ' » Fifth "*t Tel. 'south 167.
FUNERAL DIHEOTOR3 AND EMBALMEBB.
. Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
9
O Time
2. — h
? L. W
Time I
Ft f
H W
I Time Time
f Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W H W
• ... 1:53
10 ... 2:41
11 ... 5:22
12 ... 3:58
13 ... 4:30
14 ... 4:59!
15 ... 8:33!
l
2.7 7:17
2.1 8:40
1.8 »:32
1.4 19:20
1.0! ll:02t
0.61 ll:4o|
0.2! 12:30
4.4 1:54 1.1 5:49 5.*
4.5 2:36 1.3 9:11 5.3
4.5 3:14 1.8 9:51 5.3
4.6 3:45 I.S 10:13 5.2
I 4.7 4:18 2.0! 10:13 5.4
I 4.7 4:48! 2.21 11:10 8.4
4.6 5:l»i :.j; 11:33 5.4
Steamer. | From. I Dae.
Coqullle Klver.. Grays Harbor Apr. t
Corona iSan Diego Apr. a
Crescent City... j Crescent City ~ Apr. 9
State or Cal....' Portland Apr. 10
Bristol [Oyster Harbor Apr. 19
Bonita INewport Apr. 11
TCaahtenaw Tacoma !Apr. It
Queen Victoria & Puget SoundiApr. 13
Newburs Grays Harbor Apr. 13
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 13
Samoa IHumboldt Apr. 12
Geo. W. Elder. [Portland Apr. 12
Pomona 'San Diego .... Apr. 12
Santa Rc<a San Dleao Apr. 13
Arcata Cocs Bay Apr. 13
Columbia Portland Apr. 15
North Fork [Humboldt Apr. 15
Coos Bay 'Newport Apr. 15
Lajruna iTlllamook Apr. 18
TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. | Sails. I Pier.
i | I _____
City SydneylPanama [Apr. ». U m PMSS
Coos Bay. .'Newport !Apr. ». 9am>Pierll
Pomona ...iHumboldt Apr. ». J pmjPler 9
Aloha Crescent City. Apr. 9,12 m Pier S
Coqullle Rv Grays Harbor Apr. 9.12 m[
North Fork'Humboldt Apr. 10. 9«ni,P!«r S
Belgian Kg'China&JapanlApr. 10. 8 am;Lomb.
Corona jSan Diego |Apr. U. 11 am;P!er 11
Umatllla .. Vic & Pgt Sd. Apr. 11, 10anj;Pier 9
State of Cal Portland Apr. 13. 10 am Pier 24
Honlta [Newport Apr. 13. Jam'Plerll
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 14. 2 pmlPler >
Newburs .. Grays Harbor Apr. 13
Santa Rosa San Dle*o Apr. 13. 11 am Pier It
Quten |Vle & Pgt Sd.lApr. 16. li>am!Pler »
O Time
2. — h
? L. W
Time I
Ft f
H W
I Time Time
f Ft. Ft. Ft.
L. W H W
• ... 1:53
10 ... 2:41
11 ... 5:22
12 ... 3:58
13 ... 4:30
14 ... 4:59!
15 ... 8:33!
l
2.7 7:17
2.1 8:40
1.8 »:32
1.4 19:20
1.0! ll:02t
0.61 ll:4o|
0.2! 12:30
4.4 1:54 1.1 5:49 5.*
4.5 2:36 1.3 9:11 5.3
4.5 3:14 1.8 9:51 5.3
4.6 3:45 I.S 10:13 5.2
I 4.7 4:18 2.0! 10:13 5.4
I 4.7 4:48! 2.21 11:10 8.4
4.6 5:l»i :.j; 11:33 5.4
Steamer. | From. I Dae.
Coqullle Klver.. Grays Harbor Apr. t
Corona iSan Diego Apr. a
Crescent City... j Crescent City ~ Apr. 9
State or Cal....' Portland Apr. 10
Bristol [Oyster Harbor Apr. 19
Bonita INewport Apr. 11
TCaahtenaw Tacoma !Apr. It
Queen Victoria & Puget SoundiApr. 13
Newburs Grays Harbor Apr. 13
Point Arena Point Arena Apr. 13
Samoa IHumboldt Apr. 12
Geo. W. Elder. [Portland Apr. 12
Pomona 'San Diego .... Apr. 12
Santa Rc<a San Dleao Apr. 13
Arcata Cocs Bay Apr. 13
Columbia Portland Apr. 15
North Fork [Humboldt Apr. 15
Coos Bay 'Newport Apr. 15
Lajruna iTlllamook Apr. 18Photographed by Taber.
The excellent likeness of E. P. Ripley.
president of the Santa Fe Railroad, which
appeared . In yesterday's Call was taken
from a bas-relief photograph by Taber.
Knocked Down by a Stranger.
Overgo* Monnln was knocked down by
a stranger and ¦ererely injured while
¦walking along San Carlos avenue last
night. In falling h«» cut his head and
oight stiirhes wore taken in the wound at
the City and County Hospital. Officer A.
B. Rir-hl heard thf call for help, but when
h<» arrived the etrangpr had disappeared.
Aftrr Monnin had his h^ad dregsed he
wa« locked up on the charge of being
<irunk.
TYPICAL SCENE IN THE UNDERGROUND MUSIC HALL KNOWN AS KAPP &
STREET'S REFINED VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
This week we will haye on sale the
following lines of NEW GOODS,
SILK AND WOOL FRENCH CHALYS,
SILK GINGHAMS,
SCOTCH AND IRISH PRINTED DIMITIES, '
SILK TENNIS FLANNELS,
ALL-WOOL FRENCH PRINTED CHALYS, .
FRENCH ORGANDES,
GENUINE SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNELS,
WHITE FRENCH ORGANDIES .
AND
MERCERIZED PRINTED COTTON FOULARDS.
We will also show tUs week the Latest Noyel-
ties in RIBBONS, GLOVES,- NECKWEAR, HO-
SIERY, LACES, FEATHER SCARFS, PARASOLS,
SILK SKIRTS and SILK WAISTS.
ill, 113. 115. Jl7. 119. 121 POST STREET.
TOOK HIS LIFE
OK THE SUMMIT
OF A MOUNTAIN
Unknown Suicide Found in
the Neighborhood of
Glen Park.
Body With a Bullet Wound in the
Breast, Inflicted About Two
Weeks Ago, Taken to
the Morgue.
?
The body of an unknown man, well
dressed and evidently young, was found
on the summit of one of the hills that
surround Glen Park yesterday afternoon
and taken to the I.lorgue. The man had
evidently been the victim of suicide
caused by an unfortunate love affair, but
his identity has not thus far been learned.
The cause of death was a gunshot wound
in the region. of the heart, and judging
from the decomposed condition of the
body, must have been inflicted about two
weeks ago.
Yesterday morning T. Brandhofer, who
resides at. 11 California avenue, and his
nine-year-old son were strolling over the
region In the vicinity of the park when
they became conscious of a foul odor,
and upon investigation found the body.
The Morgue officials were notified and
soon arrived on the scene.
The body Jay upon a coat and nearby
was a pistol which contained one dis
charged cartridge. On the hat was
found an unsigned note, written to a
"Miss M.," stating that the writer would
soon be with his mother and in. her com
pany would watch over the person to
whom the- epistle was addressed. Noth
ing else could be found which would tend
to throw any light on the affair.
The dead man was between 25 and 30
years old. about 5 feet 8 inches In height
with dark hair, brown eyebrows and
moustache and regular features. He
wore a brown Fedora hat, gray checked
coat and vest, black and gray trousers,
lace tan shoes, black and white socks and
gray underwear.
CIFEMMLRSPS
.VallMs cbaefcad £tm.
KNOCKED OFF A CAR.
Nicholas Calachse, a Candy Vender,
Meets With a Serious Accident.
Nicholas Calachse. a candy peddler,
was knocked off a car of the Eddy street
line last evening and seriously injured.
The unfortunate man had a basket
strapped to his back containing candy and
in rounding the curve of Turk and Ma
son streets he was knocked off the car.
Calachse was. picked up in an uncon
scious condition" and at once conveyed to
the Receiving Hospital. An examination"
disclosed that he -was injured internally.
He lives with his widowed mother at 5
Hunt street.
HIT WITH A SANDBAG
AND KNOCKED SENSELESS
Samuel F. Beamish, a Shoemaker,
Bobbed While Hearing His
Home on Birch Avenue.
Samuel F. Beamish, a shoemaker living
at 614 Birch avenue, was on his way
home about 1 o'clock Saturday morning,
and when within a few yards of his house
he was hit on the head with a sandbag
and knocked senseless. A milkman saw
him stretched out on the sidewalk about
an hour later and succeeded In bringing
him back to consciousness. He had been
robbed of between $23 and $25. The cow
ardly ruffian had kicked him in the face
while he was senseless on the ground.
Beamish was drinking in some of th«
corner groceries in the neighborhood and
foolishly displayed his gold. It is sup
posed that the sight of the gold aroused
the cupidity of some one who saw him
and he was followed and robbed The
robbery was reported to the police, but
as Beamish did not see the robber there
is small chance of any arrest being made.
SWELL EASTER STYLES!
Don't ferret that EasteT Is almost here. If
y-iu haven't selected a nice pair of Shoes to gro
¦with that new hat. twtter do so Quickly before
our fiz«» ar*- broken.
Our stvlps are all absolutely correct and so
fin» our jiric«.
LADIES' SWELL PATENT LEATHER
J^ACK SHOES fnr walking or dress, leather or
LJCV hetis. kid or cloth tope .«*.-..<><>
Think of Selling gr~ i
A Shoe I I
Like This m 1
THIS WEEK ONLY!
Y^r Ftyleg TOADIES' TAN LJi.CE turns, veetinp
or cloth toDS. new coin toe. concave heel
Hegularly JD.OO.
F-fIVE SHOES.
830-832-834 Market St., S.F.
DO YOU WANT A CURE?
Tm FOR
§ Catarrh,
§f%S Deafness,
q g^! NOISES IN' EARS. THROAT
S S=«A^' tni] LUNG DISEASE? If so
r»- «-= {;/>«*' uf* my NEW ANTISEPTIC
<== e= -4 g treatment. It elves no pain
«=g><J I or Injury. In 3000 test casea
.^rT* / ifh i ov *"r id per cent cured. Hun-
•Srsx tl* ¦ dredn of letters of endorse-
§y It&fk CD C C An honest trial of
/ '&t£*m i rv C C one week riven to
<nTs^ w£i2s*i : show the superior merit of
g ths«s new treatment. Do not
*i (K?Sfs fa" to tr y 'U free, and be
*«^iniSicr--s'' convinced of a cure. Call
; ;*Sfo--;yi*r>~*>) at once or write.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
BOUHS— 3-12 *• *&•' i* s and 7 ** V- m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Trapper'e Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
I>ruß£lsts. »0c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
WIPING OUT OF
BARBARY COAST
HAS COMMENCED
Police Make Raids Among
Saloons and Arrest
Many Women.
General Terror Prevails Among the
Denizens of Resorts and Es
capes Are Made in All
Directions.
The police made their first move in
cleaning out the disreputable resorts on
Barbary Coast last night. About 10
o'clock raids were made on all the sa
loons, under the direction of Sergeant
Chrlstianson and Officer Thomas AY.
Handley, ana a number of the women
who frequent the places were arrested and
taken to the California-street police sta
tion.
The officers commenced their work In
the Knickerbocker saloon, on Kearny
street, and passed down the line. They
visited the Jersey, Klondyke, Cape Nome
and other saloons and placed every wo
man found in the places under arrest.
After word had passed ahead of the of
ficers that a raid was on there was a
general stampede of women from the
coast. They rushed In all directions, and
when the police arrived at many of the
places they had been vacated. All the
women arresteu were charged with va
grancy. :•.;-¦
BOLD BERG
BQWEN
& CO
Every day articles at a reduced price
for three days
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday' Tuesday Wednesday
Tea— reg'ly 50c lb 40C
Ten varieties— each a m ¦
full fcir bits worth
Riesling— Bow^ll mountain 65C
ree'ly $1 gallon— finest vintage
Johannesburg and Golden Chasselas
Pine-apple —Singapore 2OC
3 lb tin whole — 2lb tin sliced
eyeless and coreless
Jams and jellies 15c
reg'ly 20c 2 lb tin
Good honest value
Mushrooms— fucouh 25c
reg'ly 30c tin
You haven't had this chance lately
Sarsaparilla— schweppe $ 1.35
reg'lyJi 50 dozen — Springtime
Is time to drink sarsaparilla
Ginger ale — imported and domestic
Cochrane & Co Belfast . , _
reg'ly $1 50 *" 35
Vartray— Buffalo t tn
reg'ly 125 ¦ '"
CoCOa— Yon Houten 80C
reg'ly $1 lb— tfs is
Fresh lot just received from Holland
Salmon— reg'ly nXc tin 1 OC
Best we can buy
BrOOk trOUt-reg'ly 25c 2OC
May be eaten cold as they come
or served hot
Wheatena— reg'ly 30c pkg 25c
v-est wheaten breakfast dish
in the world
Buckwheat— eastern 6oC
reg'ly 75c 10 lb sack
Yours for good griddle-cakes
Maple Syrup— Hazen quart 35C
reg'lv 45C and 80c X gallon 65C
Makes good griddle-cakes better Ay
Whiskies— OU Crow and Hermitag*
reg'ly special
Old Crow bourbon 1889 bot $1 25 Si
" " " " gal 5 4
Hermitage rye 1886 bot 150 115
/4 . " gal 6^ 450
Toilet SOapS— American 20C
reg'ly 25c carton of cakes
Variety of pleasing odors
Glass lemon squeezer ioc
reg'ly 15c— with saucer
Knife— French potato ioc
15c— 5 inch blade
Brilliantine 20c
reg'ly 25c (Vee-o-lay)
Cologne— regMy 90c bot 75c
. Johann Maria Farina
Big illustrated catalogue for the asking
4j* Pine tit Sutter jSoo California San Francisco
1075 Clay between -: Eleventh and Twelfth OAkUnd
Moral Debasement That Is** Allowed to Flourish Without Any Kind of
Interference on the Part of the Authorities.
VICE, SIN AND CRIME UNDER
THE EYES OF THE POLICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, APKLL 9, 19U0.
POLICE SEEKING
KENNETH DUNCAN,
TIE DEGENERATE
The Once Brilliant Preacher
Again Wanted for Petty
Larceny.
The Denunciation by Professor Robin
son Last Monday Upset Him
and Drove Him to Hard
The police are searching the city for J.
Kenneth Duncan, the degenerate minister
v.-ho was forc*»d through his drunken hab
its to tender his resignation of the pulpit
in the Howard Presbyterian Church in
IM<3. It was only last Monday, at a meet
ing of the Presbyterian Union, that Pro
fessor Thomas A. Robinson in a speech
paid: "Some of the ministers, including
Presbyterian preachers who have occu
pied pulpits in San Francisco, are a dis-
Kraco to me civilization of the nineteenth
<entury. A few of thorn have had free
board at the City Prison, and others
should be sent to tne State penitentiary
for a term of years." He thus referred to
ltur.czn: "What right had J. Kenneth
Duncan that vagabond, to occupy the
place or instructor in the house of God?
ile was a demoralized wretch."
Duncan has had many ups and downs
«=ince 1^33, ar.d what hf is now wanted for
2>y the police is for stealing a valuable
« overcoat ami Dair of shoes from HU Van
»ss avenue, where he had been for the
j>ast six or seven weeks employed as a
waiter under the name of Charles Russell,
xvhich he assumed on a former occasion.
About two weeks ago he was rec«gnized
by a sister of the landlady, who knew
him in Oakland, and he begged her not to
expose him, as he was again trying to be
cood. After seeing the article in Tues
day's papers In which he was denounced
by i Professor Robinson, he started to
drink again. Saturday night he got his
vajrep. and yesterday he was observed
prowling about the rooms. About 2
o'clock In the afternoon he entered the
room of Harry E. Gates, a dental student,
and stole an overcoat and a pair of patent
leather shoes, leaving his old ones as a
memento of his visit.
The landlady notified the police and a
detective vaa ser.t to the house for par
ticulars. It was thought that he would
leave for Vallejo by last night's boat, as
he ppoke of jroing there, and the detec
tive was on hand to arrest him, but he
failed to show up. It is not known yet
•whether he has stolen anything else from
any of the other hoarders.
Duncan was a brilliant preacher, but
drink ruined him. Aftt-r hi« enforced re
tirement from the Presbyterian church he
¦was sent to Honolulu in the hope that a
oharge of scene might wean him from
Jrink. He there secured the position of
instructor and chaplain in a reformatory
Institution for boys ar.d was doing well,
but tli*» islands did not suit him. and he
returned hero in October. I>>y3. He at once
began to Orink. but after a while he was
induced to take the gold cure. He went
to Portland. Or., and secured a church.
He w:is joined by his wife, who had left
him la 1533. :>nd for a few months he be
haved himself. One day he was seen in
a firunken condition on the street, and he
had to jrivc up his charge. When he left
the place where he had been boardine he
took a gold watch belonging to his host.
His wife shortly afterward secured a di
vorce from him.
He warn next heard of here in July, 1597.
John Axu-11, a restaurant man on Sixth
street, took pity on hlrn and gave him
employment as a waiter. He repaid this
kindness by stealing $&5 out of the till.
lip was arrested in San Jose and brought
back to this city. August 24 the case
against him was dismissed by Judge Low,
its Axtell refused to prosecute him. Two
riay.s later Duncan was sent to the Agnews
Insane Asylum on petition of Charles
Montgomery. He was discharged as
cased December 24. and the following day
was arrested in San Jose for stealing a
bicycle, which he pawned for 52 to buy
liquor. He gave the name of Charles Rus
nelL December 3d he was sent back to
the asyium. where he remained for four
month*. Since then the police have heard
nothing about him till yesterday, when he
was accused of stealing the overcoat and
s^hoes.
IN stentorian tones trained voices may
now be heard floating out of the City
Hall calling for a wholesale reforma
tion of this municipality. The "Mid
way" has gone and the Cafe Royal
will probably be the next point of attack.
Will the police then lay aside their moral
brooms, satisfied with having made a
hasty sweep or two and having cleared
the city of a small portion of its immor
ality? Now is the time to make a com
plete job of it.
Many are the dives in this city— known
to the police, but allowed to work their
evil undisturbed— where gross indecency,
patent immorality and obscene exhibi
tions of vice are the stock in trade of
proprietors preying upon a low, degener
ate patronage of men and women. Such
places as the Thalia and Kapp & Street's
reek with vice and all its concomitants.
In justice to John Street it may be said
that he has not been connected with the
latter den of Infamy during the last four
years, although that place retains the old
copartnership name.
As in the Thalia there is no pretence of
decency. Rouge painted women of the
tenderloin flock in from an early hour of
the evening till midnight, seeking the
most conspicuous places in the so-called
"music hall," so that they may not
miss a transient chance of male compan
ionship.
An abortive attempt is made in Kapp &
Streefs "refined vaudeville show" to herd
the men unattended by women in one
part of the hall. The unknown stranger
of the male variety who enters this dive
and looks with longing eyes on the span
gled and painted women may be told, in a
moment that he must get a lady to lenter
the sacred precincts on the left side of
the house. ' This is only a show of decen-
cy, quickly forgotten and atoned for by
profuse apologies from the head waiter.
In fact, the house would suffer pecuni
arily if any stranger were left to go un
fleeced by the women of the street who
frequent these halls for the sole purpose
or soliciting acquaintanceship and thriv
ing off the opportunities that accrue.
Beer and whisky are the staple drinks
in front of the footlights and pretty much
the same back of them. As the hands of
the clock move toward the midnight hour
the ribaldry and unrestrained loose con
duct of the couples, heavy with drink, in
crease proportionately. The air is fetid,
stinking and stale, and when the noise on
the stage ceases the crowd reels out to
take a further dip in the sea of vice and
sin.
The performance is in a measure in
thorough keeping with the life in the hall.
Driveling, vulgar 'nonsense, the birth of
an abortive attempt at cheap wit, holds
the audienre between drinks. Interspersed
with these imbecile monologues that
strike the roof with offensive aggressive
ness, is a vocal display of sound as flat
and thin as some of the performers are
obese and mountainous. All alike receive
the applause of a dazed and liquor
charged audience who mingle wild shouts
of commendation with gulps of beer or
I whisky when half a chance Is given it.
This is the life of the cellar music hall
where the women gather to inveigle un
suspecting men. More often than not this
class of dive Is used as< a meeting
place, men and women gathering here by
appointment. The proprietor of the place
grows fat off the profits of the drinking.
The women are known to the waiters,
who keep them posted about possible
"good things" that have strayed into the
hall looking for adventure. These wait
ers are serviceable directories of lodging
house addresses, telephone numbers and
of all other information concerning the
customary patrons of the dive.
But Kapp & Street's, the Thalia and all
resorts of that ilk are havens of purity,
morality and virtue compared with the
cesspools of indecency and wanton vul
garity to be found on the Barbary Coast,
that district on the north of Kearny
street, just above the new. Hall of Justice.
The music hall gives way to the dance
hall, both underground and on the level.
These are the resorts where the "knock
out" drops are administered and drunken
sailors and soldiers, laborers without
family or associations other than infa
mous, spend their little money in a form
of recreation as debasing as it is ruinous.
In these places the women are engaged to
do their work on commission. They will
dance with you, drink with you, eat with
you, and every morsel or drop that en
ters their mouths means a tithe of reve
nue to them. The waiters who serve the
liquor distribute checks to the women
and these are cashed at the end of the
night's work when the woman goes to her
lodging.
The police department knows the loca-.
tion and character of every one of these
immoral hives. In fact, it has been the
duty of every officer on this beat to drop
in from time to time to see that no open
crime is committed. For a sailor or a sol
dier to bo robbed in this locality is of
common occurrence. With his self-con
trol dissipated by steady and unbroken
potations the patron of this kind of hovel
is an easy mark for the deft fingers of
women who have fattened off the help
lessness of men steeped in alcohol. Crime
follows in their wake.
The police have more than one target to
practice their guns upon. If they wish to
make a clean sweep of all the evil arid all
the unclean resorts they will have a great
labor to perform.
The Call will direct the attention of the
police to many festering moral plague
spots which if removed will better the
city unspeakably.
LAST TRIBUTE PAID
BY SORROWING FRIENDS
Remains of the Lats Edward T. Don
nelly, Stockraiser, Interred in
Calvary Cemetery.
The funeral of Edward T. Donnelly of
Donnelly, Dunne & Co., the wealthy
stockraiser, took place yesterday morning
from his late residence, 318 Oak street, to
Sacred Heart Church. The church was
filled to overflowing by sorrowing friends.
Requiem high mass was celebrated by
Rev. Father Byrne, and within the chan
cel rails were Rev. Fathers Larkln. La
gan, Lynch. Cullen. McGlnty and O'Ryan.
The cortege proceeded to Calvary Ceme
tery, where the casket was placed in the
vault. Father Larkln, a lifelong friend of
the deceased, officiated at the services at
the cemetery. , •
The pall bearers were: Jeremiah Ma
honey. Robert Mitchell, Daniel Cole, Cap
tain John Seymour, M. M. Estee, Chief of
Police AY. P. Sullivan Jr., Louis Byrne,
Maurice Casey, Senator E. I. Wolfe. W. J.
Blggy, T. Judge and James Brown. The
casket was borne by Joaquln Ojeda,
Philip Lawlor. John Leibert, John New
ford, Henry Oser and John Higglns, six
young men in whom the deceased had
taken a deep interest.
» * ¦
Death of John Babcock.
Mrs. H. ¦ M.. Gray of this city received
a telepram Saturday afternoon from Den
ver. Colo., conveying to her the sad news
of the sudden death of her father. John
Babcock. Deceased was a prominent cap
italist of Denver and was well and favor
ably known throughout Colorado. Mrs.
Gray left for Denver on receipt of the
news to take charge of the funeral.
10
FECKER AND HIS
WIFE FALL OUT
OVER A CHILD
»
Well Known Here as Swin
dler He Poses in New
York as a Saint.
Accuses the Woman of Blackmail and
Kidnaping, When He Had Been
a Party to Her Shady
Deals.
Conrad Fecker, who was engaged In
several snady deals in this city during the
early part of IS&S, and who was shot by
Miss Evelyn Holt for trifling with her af
fections and' marrying a woman who
passed as "Mrs. Jennie Webber," has ap
peared in New York City, where he is
posing as a snow white angel of purity
and innocence, announcing that he has
discovered that his wife— the erstwhile
Mrs. Webber— is an adventuress and a
kidnaper. ;"-">; "-"> ¦*¦'/.¦'
Accoraing to tflographlc advices re
ceived here last night from New York a
lad who is known as Benjamin Fecker
will arrive there Tuesday from Germany
on the steamer Lahn. C. C. Fecker, whom
the boy calls father, asserts that the lad
was kidnaped from his parents when a
baby. •. Mrs. Fecker denies this -and an
nounces her determination to invoke the
assistance of the courts for the purpose
of regaining control of the child, who she
says is hers.
Fecker without a blush says he was
fascinated by this woman, married her in
San Francisco and lived with her happily
for several months.
"A great cloud overcast the sky of my
life when my wife confessed that the boy
who had been christened as Conrad Ben
jamin Fecker, did not belong to her. She
said that she had kidnaped him when he
was a baby. I begged of her to return
him to his parents, promising to even take
all the blame upon myself and suffer pun
ishment for her if she would do so. She
said, however, that for reasons she could
not tell me it would be impossible. 1 was
never able to learn the names of the
boy's parents. The nearest my wife ever
told me was when she said he was related
to a wealthy retired liquor dealer of San
Francisco. From a chance remark, which
she let drop from time to time, I believe
he was stolen in Illinois.
'"One day, about a year ago, my wife
came to me greatly excited, saying the
boy's parents were on her trail and that
unless she Immediately left San Francisco
Fhe would be discovered and. would have to
spend the rest of her life, in jail. , I tried
to reason with her, but could not. She
left Conrad in my care and come East as
far as- Wisconsin. After a little time, at
her request. I brought the boy on to. New
York, where she promised to join me.; I
afterward ascertained she left San Fran
cisco hurriedly because she had tried to
blackmail Colonel W. J. Sutherland.
After discovering : her $to be an adven
turess. I took Conrad to Germany and left
him there. Now he is being sent back to
me. 1 don't believe any court will tak«
him away from me."
Fecker s New York story reads well,
but does not jibe well with the facts sur
rounding his career in this city. While
here he posed as a hypnotist, conducted
a real estate agency and matrimonial bu
reau. He was arrested for beating' a
man named Joseph Neuman by the old
half-interest swindle and was held to an
swer before the Superior Court by Judge
Low. While awaiting trial he married
Mrs. Jennie Webber, ¦ with whom . he
claims to have become acquainted
through the agency of . his marriage bu
reau.
, The wedding: led to his shooting by Miss
Holt, which occurred at the corner of
Jones and Ellis streets on the evening of
May 5, 189 S. She claimed he had not only
promised to marry her, but had swindled
her as well. The case against Fecker
was not pressed, and he and his wife de
parted from the city.
Neither were heard of again until
March of last year, when "Mrs. Jennie
Webber." accompanied by a little girl,
registered at the Palace, where she posed
as the widow of a prominent Chicago
phy&Jcian. She had letters of introduction
to Colonel W. J. Sutherland, president
of the Holmes Mining Company, who was
also a guest at the hotel. A few weeks
after her. arrival she filed suit against
the Colonel for $20,000 damages for breach
of promise, claiming he had won her af
fections, had proposed marriage and had
fallen down on his promise when it came
time to "toe the mark."
The suit dragged along until the follow
ing August, when her attorney dismissed
the action, at the same time informing
the court that he had been misled and
had learned that his client was engaged
with her husband in blackmailing enter
prises. Fecker also appeared and sued
Sutherland for damages for "alienating
his wife's affections." but the action went
the way of the breach of promise proceed
ings.
Previous to the disposal of the cases
both Fecker and his wife had hastily left
the city to avoid the police. The woman
was wanted on a Grand Jury indictment
for forgpry and Fecker was sought after
as a defaulting witness. ¦
Nothing was heard here of the pair
since until their present difficulty In New
York. . :^: ,7/
GIVES AWAY SHOES.
Boston Shoe Company Adopts an Ex
pensive Scheme of Advertising.
The Boston Shoe Company announces
that It will open its big bargain store at
775 Market street Wednesday morning,
when the entire stock of the. Popular Shoe
Store, • which has been purchased by
the Boston Shoe Company at 40 cents on
the dollar, will be offered to the public
at exactly the same prices paid by the
purchaser. This offer is made for the
purpose of attracting the attention of the
public to the new store, and , it is hardly
necessary to say that the purpose will be
attained. It is seldom that such an op
portunity to buy shoes >at half . price is
offered and people of small means , will
not be likely to overlook it. The Boston
Shoe Company is a big concern, having
factories both on the Atlantic and Pa
cific coasts, and it proposes to operate a
genuine bargain store in this city, where
men,, women and children may purchase
their footwear at minimum prices. •
MYSTERIOUS SHOTS ARE
FIRED IN CHINATOWN
Five mysterious shots were fired ¦in
Chinatown about 10 o'clock - last evening
in the neighborhood of Stockton and Jack
son streets, and as yet the police have
been unable to find out by whom they
were fired , or the extent of the damage
done. The shots were distinctly heard,
and it is thought that they were flretUby
members of the warring factions. The
police are making a thorough investiga
tion to find if any injured persons are
being concealed from them.
- ¦••.. ¦ • m • <¦--' •-¦¦-:
Kodaks, Cameras, Films,- Plates, VVelox
Paper,' Solio' Paper, ' Trays/ Printing
Frames. Albums, developers and develop-
ing at Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market st. •
V'-i"- 1^":".^ ' ¦ «? » 1
Denounced the Labor Faker.
H. J. Schade- delivered an interesting
lecture last night before the Socialist La
bor party at Pythian Castle on .''The-MIS;
sion of the Socialist Tradesiand Labor
Alliance." The speaker denounced walk-
Ing delegates in strong termsjy "Work
men," he said, "must have the"- respect of
capital before they can get a hearing.
The labor faker must go. Capitalism Is
rotten to the core, and its only, subterfuge
is war. War is a terrible thing,- and. we
cannot help- respecting the British ;sol
dier, as well as the Boer, as he also" is
a workingman. I think," though, that the
British army officer who, is out at" the
front with every luxury and still, keeps up
his dissipation is too low for a name."
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never fails. Try it. All drugrglsu. • ¦ ;
BABY BOY MANGLED
BY A HEAVY TRUCK
< Tj=r«vAUL.."VERS,' a tiny lad of 3 years, met a shocking death beneath the wheels
;. %jj) of a truck in front of.his parents' home, 745 Brannan street, yesterday at
. j£~""^ noon. /At the hour, named the unfortunate child was romping in the street
withtwo companions] about 'his own age. A heavy truck, owned by Mc
¦ Nab & Smltri and driven by Frank J/ Wagner, passed along and in some manner
•the "little' fellow got under the wheels. The driver claims that he knew nothing
of the accident until a bystander shouted to him that he had killed a boy.
The mother.of the lad rushed into the street, picked up the mangled body and
rushed' to'a drug store two' blocks away. As she ran,, all the while screaming
loudly, the warm blood of the infant-spattered in her face and saturated her
clothes. Whenthe doctor who was hastily summoned arrived the, child was
dead, and the Coroner's deputies were summoned. The father of the boy, who
is also an employe of McNab & Smith, arrived at his home after the body had
been taken away, and together with his wife he followed it to the Morgue.
At the Morgue occurred the most pathetic incident of the tragedy. Both pa
rents, were overwhelm<-rl with grief, and Deputy Smith turned silently. away while
they viewed the remains.
r";The -lather '. walKea u> the slabon which the- mangled body of his little son
lay,:and.raislng t the limp form in'his arms, attempted to take it jfrom the
.Morgue by force and carry it to his desolate (home. After much kind remon
strance *on the i part, of - Deputy t Thomas Smith he was dissuaded and left the place
with \ his heartbroken .wife. ; A little : girl'of 5 years . is" the only.; surviving child in
'the family. She sobbed herself to sleep last night in her father's 'arms, as she
asked, him if it were, true; that her baby brother, had gone : forever.
? .Shortly after the little fellow's death Wagner was arrested'and charged with
manslamrhter. He was subsequently ! released on ball." ',?¦[.'
Little Paul Vers Is
Mangled Under
the Wheels nf a
Truck on Bran
nan Street; Near
His Home.
AD VEBTISEMENTS.