TWENTY-THREE THOUSAND
BRITONS PUT OUT OF ACTION
LONDON, April 11.— The War Office issued this afternoon a return of :
t^he total British casualties up to April 7. It was as follows :
Killed in action,; 211 officers and 1900 men; died of wounds, 48 -
officers; and 465 men ; missing, and \prisoners, 163 officers and 3722 men; I
died of disease, 47 officers and 1485 men ; accidental cieaths, 3 officers; I
and 34 men; repatriated invalids; 288 officers arid 4934 men. Total, > -
13,365, exclusive of the sick and .wounde^ - I
To the War Office returns of. casualties must be added the losses; ;,
of last week arid th^ a '-
grand total of upward of 23.O00>officer6 iari'd^imeri'put^dut of "action. > , ' . ;
LONDON, April 11.— The War Offlcc has received the following dispatch from Lord Roberts:
"BLOEMFONTEIN, April 11.— Methuen reports that the party of Boors defeated April 5 made a good resistance
for four hours, and only gave In when our troops with fixed bayonets wer* within fifteen yards of them. Seven of thfl
enemy were killed, eleven wounded and fifty-two made prisoners.' Besides L'eutehants'Boyle and " Williams, ¦'• Sergeant
Patrick Campbell was killed and two of our men y/ere wounded. Williams was deliberately killed after the white flag
had been held up. The perpetrator of the crime was at once shot. Methuen speaks In high terms of the intelligent
manner in which the Imperial Yeomanry and the Kimberley mounted corps behaved.
"Buller reports that tho enemy attacked his right flank yesterday while he was engaged In changing his position, but our
artillery silenced their guns and they did not press the attack. Our losses were four killed and eight wounded. There is no
further news yet from Wepener." , - ,
Lord Roberts also wired to the War Office from Bloemfontein under date of Tuesday, April 10, as follows: _:,-? v
"The enemy have been very active during the past few days. One commando Is now on _the north bank of the Orange
River, not far from Aliwal North, while another is attacking Wepener. The "garrison there is holding out bravely and in
flicted serious loss on the Boers. Major Springe of the Cape Mounted Rifles was killed. No other casualties have been re
ported as yet. The troops are being moved up rapidly. A patrol of -seven men of the Seventh Dragoons, under Lieutenant
Letherby, which had been reported missing since April 7, has returned safely." . '
As the foregoing dispatch does not mention the alleged British reverse on Saturday at Meerkatsfontetn, the Boer tele
grams are not credited at the War Office, and they are further discredited on account of the discrepancies in the dispatches,
as Meerkatsfontein in one message is located near Brandfort, and in another It Is located southeast of Bloemfontein, . the
places being 100 miles apart.
BOER ATTACK UPON ELANDS LAAGTE.
LADYSMITH. Tuesday. April 10.— The Boers opened fire this morning early,
pending shells into the British camp at Elands Laagte from three different posi
tions widely separated. The shells did little damage. The troops moved out to
reconnoitcr and found the Boers in strong force and well fortified. One naval
4.7-inch gun replied to the Boers, who have again placed a long Tom In position.
When the Doers commenced shellinp the British were drilling, and one pri
vate was killed and another was wounded before the soldiers were withdrawn
from range. Then the naval brlgtde opened fire and drew a heavy Boer fusillade,
.and two of the cruiser Philomel's gunners were killed. The naval men stuck
~io their positions, however, and the Boers unmasked six guns, including a 100
pounder. ar.d shells fell in all the British camps..
After three hours' bombardment the British fire slackened and the burghers
cleared from a kopje on the right when a British shell fell on the spot occupied
by their pun. Another commando was *=een moving toward the British, appa
rently with the intention of flanking them, but the British shells forced them to
retire.
Tfrr> British advance pickets were continually sniped, but few . casualties have
been reported. In the afternoon the naval brigade again fired a few shells. It
!s rumored that a body of Boers has gathered %outhwest of Elands Laagte with
the apparent intention of cutting the British line of communication. General Clery
directed to-day's operations. General Buller visited Elands Laagte to-day.
HOPELESS CONFUSION AT MAFEKING.
LONDON. April 12.— The correspondent of the Times at Mafeklng, under date
of March 30. comments upon the "hopeless confusion and fluctuation of spirits
In the garrison as to the chances of relief sinee -Tuesday's terrible bombard
ment." and uoon the variety of rumors regarding the location of the relief
forces, rumors involving, so far as the southern column Is concerned, dlscrepa
des of 100 mile*. - ,
The Lourenzo Marques correspondent of the Times, telegraphing Wednesday,
eayt»: "Epler, an Austrian financier, who Is acting as captain of the Rand mines
police, in order to frustrate the destruction of the mines, sent a remonstrance
to Pretoria against boring, with the result that State Engineer Munnik's order
for boring was canceled." ;¦>. * . . .
The Durban correspondent of the Standard, telegraphing Wednesday, says:
"A brigade is being cent from here to Join the main army under Lord Roberts.
It Is under command of General Hunter."
ALIWAL NORTH. Wednesday, April 11.— Lord Kitchener arrived here to-day
and left soon after. A big Boer gun was knocked over yesterday at Wepener.
The garrison Is holding its own. There has been heavy cannonading thero
again to-day. WOi^mMßt . ¦ ¦
SAYS MILNER BROUGHT ON THE WAR.
ROME. April 11.— The Naples correspondent of the Tribuna telegraphs an
Interview he has had with Mr. Fischer, one of the Boer peace commissioners,
who arrived there yesterday. Mr. Fischer said he was convinced that Sir Al
fred Milner, when appointed Governor of Cape Colony and .British High Com
missioner in South Africa, went to Cape Town with a fixed intention, with a
mission, to bring about the war, and this was proved by the fact that Milner
had systematically opposed the Transvaal's "generous efforts and concessions to
avoid war," as though he had received precise instructions to follow this line
of policy. •
"While the Transvaal was making concessions," said Mr. Fischer," "Great
EHtaln was gathering troops along the frontier." The Boer envoy accuses Sir
Alfred Milner of falsifying dispatches. In fact, according to the commissioners,
accusations against Sir Alfred Milner constitute one of the principal features In
tho prognostications which the commissioners seek'to carry- through. The Boer
envoys left Naples to-day, going by way of the St. Gothard Pass and without
stopping here.
AMBULANCE CORPS DELAYED ON SUSPICION.
LONDON. April 12.— The correspondent of the "Daily Mall at Lourenzo ¦ Mar
ques, telegraphing on Wednesday. 6aya: "The departure of the Chicago ambu
lance corps for Pretoria was delayed on suspicion of filibustering. The members
left by special train this afternoon, accompanied by a motley following of French
and Germans, 100 in all. The departure only occurred after many. stormy Inter
views with the Portuguese authorities. The membefs have no passports and . no
credentials beyond a letter from Miss Clara Barton to the effect that she knows
gome trf then personally and believes them to be genuine, but many have openly
expresbed their Intention of fighting. The Boers are paying from £30 to £40 per
month for euch recruits."
MANY HORSES DIED ON THE VOYAGE.
MONTREAL, April IL— A cablegram received this morning announces the ar
rival at Cap* Town of the transport "Monterey with the Strathcona Horse. ¦ Ail
on board wcro well. One hundred and elxty-threo horses filed on the voyage.
ROBERTS' WARNING TO CAPE COLONISTS.
COLESBERG, Cape Colony, April IL— Jn vlcw'of the state of unrest across the
border Lord Roberts has proclaimed a warning to tho Cap« Co! pnlets. that .fur
ther uete of hostility will be treated with the utmost rliror of martial law.
GATACRE'S FAILURES
CAUSE HIS RETURN
TO GREAT BRITAIN
sized cannon was used to heighten tho
effect, and the klnetoscope was placed In
position to take the moving pictures.
Through some blunder the cannon was
discharged prematurely, and Mr. Whito
and William McCarthy of Orange were
struck by the wad and burned by the pow
der. They were taken to the Orange Me
morial Hospital, where McCarthy's Inju
ries were found to be not dangerous. Mr.
White, however, was badly lacerated, as
well as burned, and his condition to-night
is reported as serious.
NEW YORK, April 11.— Two men were
badly injured this afternoon in West
Orange.. N.J... in a sham battle in repro
duction of the famous engagement at
Splon Kop, South Africa. James H.' White,
general manager of a klnetoacope, had ar
ranged it. The scene was on the rocky
side of the eastern slope of the. second
Orange Mountain. -'. "
About 200 men had been engaged, half of
them. In, Boer costume, posted on the top
of, the crest, while the remainder, attired
as British, stormed the heights. A good-
ROBERTS REPORTS MINOR BRITISH VICTORIES.
TWO MEN INJURED
IN A SHAM BATTLE
BLOEMFONTEIN, WHERE LORD ROBERTS IS HALTED.
THE ABOVE PICTURE, MADE FROM A PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN SOME TIME BEFORE THE OCCUPATION
OF THE PLACE BY LORD ROBERTS' ARMY, PRESENTS A STRIKING CONTRAST TO WHAT MAY BE SEEN
THERE AT THE PRESENT TIME. IN AND ABOUT THE FORMERLY QUIET LITTLE FREE STATE CAPITAL
ARE NOW GATHERED FROM FORTY TO FIFTY THOUSAND BRITISH SOLDIERS. WHO ARE LIKELY TO RE
MAIN FOR THE GREATER PART OF THE WINTER ON ACCOUNT OF THE DIFFICULTY OF PROCURING
AND KEEPING ALIVE A SUFFICIENT NUMBER OF HORSES AND MULES TO PROVIDE MOUNTS FOR THE MEN
AND TRANSPORTATION FOR THE SUPPLIES NECESSARY FOR A GENERAL ADVANCE TOWARD THE
TRANSVAAL. THE CITY IS PROVIDED WITH A MODERN SYSTEM OF WATER WORKS, WITH THE PUMPING
STATION ON ONE OF THE BRANCHES OF THE MODDER RIVER ABOUT TWELVE MILES DISTANT. THE
WORKS WITH THE RESERVOIR. HOWEVER, FELL INTO THE HANDS OF THE BOERS ON THE IST INST.,
AND THE ARMY. AS WELL AS THE PEOPLE, HAVE NOW TO DEPEND ON SUCH WELLS AS ARE AT HAND.
GENERAL GATACRE, COMMANDER OF THE THIRD DIVISION.
WHO HAS JUST BEEN RECALLED TO ENGLAND. THE REASON
GIVEN IN THE DISPATCHES IS "ON ACCOUNT OF HIS FAILURE 3 TO
CHECK THE BOERS."
BLOEMFONTEIN. April 10.— General Gatacre. the commander of the
Third Division. Is about to return to England. General Gatacre's return
to England is accepted as being in the nature of a recall, though no rea
.son:is given for it. ar.d it will be associated in the public mind with his
. .lack of success. Lord Roberts criticized his management of the Storm
\liern attack, and possibly Gatacre's having arrived an hour and a half
too late to-feycue the Reddexsnurg force may -have decided his return. Gen
eral Bundle seemingly succeeds General Gatacre. ...
General Gatacre's military career up to the time of his disastrous defeat
a.t Stormberg, on December 10. had been one of uninterrupted. success. He en
tered the army as ensign of the Seventy-seventh Foot in February. ISC2. at the
age of 19. Besides several Important staff appointments, he served In the
Hayara expedition of ISSS. the Burmah campaign of ISS9-90 and the Chltral ex
pedition' of 1805, in which he commanded a brigade of the relief force. His last
field service before being assigned to the command of the Third Division of the
army for the Invasion of the Trans\-aal was with Kitchener in the Nile expedi
tion, in which he commanded the British brigade and won his major general
ship for his services at the battle of the Atbara.
POWERFUL'S GALLANT CREW WELCOMED.
LONDON, April 11.— The British first class cruiser Powerful, whose brigade
did such splendid service In the defense of Ladysmlth. arrived at Portsmouth this
afternoon ar.d was received with gTeat enthusiasm by thourands of people. Th©
whole town appeared to be fn.the neighborhood of the waterside, which was lav
ishly decorated with bunting, while the fortifications and other points of vantage
were thronged with cheering crowds waving flags. The warships In the harbor
were ablaze with bunting and their crews manned ship and cheered and cheered
again cs the Powerful entered. The babel of sounds caused by the bands, the
cheering and the shrieking of .the sirens was deafening.
The First Lord of the Admiralty, George J. Goschen; Admiral Sir Michael
Culm-Seymour, the commander in chief at Portsmouth; Lord Durham, and oth
ers welcomed Captain Lambton, his officers and crew.
To-day's intensely enthusiastic reception of the Powerful was merely an unoffi
cial welcome from the soldiers, sailors and inhabitants of Portsmouth. The offi
cial civic reception, for which elaborate preparations have been made, has been
postponed until April 24. ....
COMPLETING DEFENSES AT BLOEMFONTEIN.
LONDON, April 12.— The Bloemfontein correspondent of the Daily Telegraph,
In a dispatch dated Tuesday, says: "The permanent defenses are nearlng com
pletion, so that . the town can be held by a' relatively small garrison. A British
scout who has visited the Bloemfontein water works reports that the machinery
and dams are intact. Only a few Boers . remain In the neighborhood. The
enemy have trekked six miles north and formed a laager near Waterval. News
from General Brabant at Wepener shows that all is going satisfactorily there.
The troops are getting new khaki, siege uniforms and boots."
GRASS ON HILLS FIRED BY BOERS.
ELANDS. LAAGTE, Wednesday, April 11.— Last right the Boers set fire to
the grass on" two hills almost on their extreme wings. The motive has not
been ascertained, but the Incident disclosed the fact that their position ex
tends over fully fifteen miles in a continuous i row of hills from Joneskop on
the British left to'a kopje commanding Sundays River bridge on the British
right. During the night the Boers moved most of their cannon. There has
been some unimportant skirmishing to-day. " The British still command Sundays
River bridge. No development from yesterday's affair Is expected.
BOERS ARE EXHIBITING INDECISION.
LONDON. April 12.— The Bloemfontelri correspondent of the Morning Post, tele
graphing on Tuesday, says: "The Boer 3 ;to the southeast are exhibiting inde
cision of movement, possibly In consequence of our occupation of the railway.
Bodies of the enemy are still moving, from Winberg southward through Thaba
Nchu. Their destination has not been ascertained. The Boers in the .neigh
borhood of Paardeberg show no disposition to interrupt our communication with
Kimberley, from which point civil convoys are still arriving."
KIPLING IS RETURNING TO ENGLAND.
CAPE TOWN, Wednesday. April 11.— Rudyard Kipling and Sir John Henry
de Vllllers, Chief Justice of Cape Colony, sailed for England to-day on board
the Tantallon Castle. Mr. Kipling said he was sorry he was not able to remain
longer, as his health had been greatly benefited.
ALL BOER PRISONERS TO GO TO ST. HELENA.
' SIMONSTOWN, April 11.— Owing: to the unfavorable conditions for keeping
the Boer prisoners here, the authorities have decided to ship them all to St.
Helena, with the least possible delay. The sickness among the captured burgh
ers is abating.
GALLANT COLONEL BADEN-POWELL. WHO COMMANDED IN
MAFEKING DURING THE LONG DAYS OF ITS EVENTFUL SIEGE BY
THE BOERS.
BRETORIA. April 10— It is reported here that Colonel Baden-Powell,
the British commander at Mafekir.g, is dead.
The d»ath of the gallant defender of Mafeking. If the report be
true, will prove a most serious logs to the British arms and doubtless
presages the early fall of the place who?e defense he planned and has
60 ably conducted for now nearly six months. \ /
"JS-T."'TtiP nickname by which the colonel (whqsui. right name Is Robert
Stephfenson Smyth Baden-Powell) Is popularly knov.-n in the. army, was born
February 22, 1557, He entered the Thirteenth Hussars as pun-lieutenant. In
1576. was brevetted lieutenant colonel and transferred to the Fifth Drasoon
Guards In 1537. He filled several Important staff and special service appoint
ments, besides taking part in the operations in Zululand in ISSS, the Ashanti
expedition In 1655-6. and the South African operations in 1836, in v/hich he was
chief of Ftaff to the commander of t«.e forces and won his^ brevet as colonel.
Colonel Baden-Powell was a bachelor, and leaves his. mother and a sister,
who reside in London, besides three brothers, one of whom, Warrlngton, Is
Queen's counsel to the admiralty; another. B. F. S.. colonel of the First Scots
Guards, and the third, Frank, is a painter and sculptor of considerable
note.
T ON DON , April 12.— Everybody here is loth to believe the story from Pretoria of a further
/ British reverse and the Boers capturing poo more men. The report created something akin to dis
may in London yesterday, and the public, therefore, -was quite ready to accept -with joy the state
ment that the War Office did not credit the story. The relief felt zcas all the greater when Lord Roberts'
dispatches arrived reporting the activity of the Boers in the south of the Free State, but nothing of any
disaster to the British troops.
Still, the feeling exists in London that they cannot be too sure till another day has passed, for it
must be remembered that it has usually taken some time for the British version of checks and reverses to
reach this country. This is natural when it is taken into consideration that detached columns from the
Free State arc operating at a considerable distance from headquarters.
The Wcpcncr garrison continues to hold out agai)ist the Boer. assault. Lord Roberts'' messages
make it plain that while he is moving men up rapidly to reinforce the defenders of the place he does noi
for a moment doubt that the garrison can continue to hold its own.
The cannonade in Natal appears to have been begun by the Boers and not by General Bullcr. The '
Boers, having mounted guns in position in Biggarsbcrg, which command some of the British camps,
opened fire on them while the British were making a movement which Sir Redvers describes as a change
of front, but did little damage. . The naval guns replied at once, and the cavalry and infantry swarmed
out on a reconnaissance and found that the Boers had entrenched themselves very strongly, a fact that, as
they have been working diligently with the spade for the last month, cannot surprise them.
One of the correspondents' opinion is that this shelling at long range was a mere, blind to drazv
attention from a contemplated move by the Boers in some other quarter. They are thought to be no
longer in force near Matazvanas Kop, some miles northzvest of Elands Laagtc. The British cavalry arc,
hozvrjcr, zvatching the passes to prevent any sudden raids or incursions of small parties. ,
It is also reported that General Gatacrc is returning to England and that General Chennside is
proceeding to take up his command at Springfontcin.
Very little comment is made on \ the piece of nczt's'by this morning's papers. It is taken as not
surprising, and, as the Daily Telegraph says, a decision like this requires no comment:
REPORTED DEATH OF
COL. BADEN - POWELL,
MAFEKING'S DEFENDER
LONDON DISMAYED OVER THE REPORT OF
FURTHER DISASTER IN FREE STATE
PRETORIA, Tuesday, April 10.— The latest news from the front is that righting Is continuing
at Elands Laagte (Natal) and Dewetsdorp (Orange Free State), but no particulars have been
received.
Thirty-five thousand Boers, with ninety guns, are concentrated In the range of hills be
tween Kroonstad and Wlnburg. The whole line is fortified and is almost Impregnable.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXVII— NO. 143.
SAX FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 1900.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLA. de LUZE
& FILS,
BORDEAUX, FRANCE.
FINEST
CLARETS
SAUTERNES.
CHARLES MEINECKB & CO..
A2SHZ& fU.fttfnmwtf».JgWyg- JEW-QHU ,
THE GREAT EASTER EDITION
...Of THB, mm
OUT APRIL Isth.
J6 Pages in Color- * > 9 pull-page illustrations.
Ea;h a perfect art ?em: Amoni; the artists who
have worked specially for this Issue are ::::::
A. BRADSHAW. N. GERTRUDE WITH THE LIFE-SAVERS AT THE
CLARK. METHFESSEL. TEBBS. BEACH.
ROSS, DODGE AND KELLY. MRB. McKINLEY IN THE WHITE
THE STORIES ARE ALL OF GREAT HOUSE. Special Poses for the Sun-
HUMAN INTEREST., . ° a >' «-all. .
THE PEACE CONFERENCE— Poem by THE SORROWFUL CHRIST. Poem by
Madge Morr.is. Illustrated by . Meth- Mrs. Edwin D.Markham. ¦ •
fessel. PHOTOGRAPHS OF THJ3 FOLLOW-
WHAT SORT OF A MAN WAS ING FAMOUS PAINTINGS IN THE
CHRIST? A Study of the Physical NATIQNAL MUSEUM AT NAPLES:
Side of the Man-God AT THE DOOR OF THE SEPUL-
THE CEREMONIES AT THE VATI- ?gSg- v"' os2£in£" ; ov^ A ¥vAnr"
PiM Rv rvnPviAv» nrppn<»- A»£.r»ti, oy Ouercino; ON CALVARY,
CAN.— B> Oenevieve oreene. . by Bemadino Gottl; JESUS ON THE
WHAT SOME OF OUR SOCIETY CROSS, by Van Dyke
GIRLS WILL. WEAR EASTER DAY.. COMING FROM THF *F>AHTim KFTI-
THE PASSING OF GENERAL BID- ° VICE. - F uuXfc^DrSrtS^ Gorl
WELL,* One of California's Most don Rose.
T«r sSss; of^^icket. "%&uiM sstb^ss- ;
TAKER AT THE FERRY. lUus- most attractive front page. "SPRINO
trated by Dodge. i . . SONG," by Tebbs.
Altogether thcMost Magnificent Paper of the Day. X XX
ORDER NOW. ORDER NOWi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STEUNENBERG
ATTACKS THE
YELLOW PRESS
Says Reports of the Coeur
d'Alene Inquiry Were
Exaggerated.
Idaho's. Governor Declares That Not
a Single Witness for the
State "Was Quoted
Correctly.
?
Special IMspaich to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, April 11.— Governor Steun
enbergr has returned from Washington,
where he testified before the House com
mittee that Investigated the Coeur d'Alene
affair. In the course of an Interview to
day the Governor was asked about the
correctness of the statement made by the
San Francisco Examiner that J. R. Sover
eign gave him the He when he narrated
the story of the oeth-bound organization.
The Governor said there was not a parti
cle of truth in the story. Sovereign* did
not make any denial or any statement of
any character whatever. Sovereign was
present, and, far from denying: the state
ment, bore the appearance of being too
completely crushed to say anything if he
wished to. •*•
"The New York Journal and the San
Francisco Examiner did not correctly re
port the testimony of a single witness ap
pearing before the committee," said Gov
ernor Steunenberg. "The testimony of the
dynamiters was magnified in every in
stance and made- to appear ¦ a hundred
times worse than it really was. Not a sin
gle witness for the State was reponted
correctly in those papers, their alleged re
ports of the proceedings being a tissue of
lies throughout. These lies were manu
factured by Lentz, Sovereign, walking
delegates and notorious lobbyists. I my
self on one occasion saw them preparing
the report to be sent to the Journal and
the Examiner, and other witnesses for the
State witnessed . similar proceedings on
several occasions."
"What opinion did you form of Repre
sentatives Lentz and Sulzer?" was asked.
"I don't think I would be justified in
saying anything, about them." -_
The Governor waa assured that the pub
lic would be : glad to hear anything he
might have to say concerning those two
Representatives, since they had been so
conspicuous in the investigation, but he
preferred not to give his opinion for pub
lication. However, in speaking of Mr.
Lentz the Governor said:
"He is a man of very considerable abil
ity he is impulsive, radical, erratic and
an extremist; he is a resourceful man, but
is not deep." ' ' • ¦
Theater In San Francisco. The entire
basement will be used as an armory for
Company I of the National Guard.
The lodßerooms will be handsomely fur
nished and In the larger of the two will
be a paneled wainscot of antique copper.
Grecian pilasters will extend from the
top of the wainscot to the cornice above.
A special feature will be a dome In the
ceiling sixteen feet in diameter, surround
ed by an ornamented cornice. Between
each of the ornamental brackets will be
electric lights extending around the dome.
The successful contractor Is L. U. Grant
of San Francisco, whose bid of $20,995 was
•accepted.
FINE THEATER TO BE
BUILT IN GRASS VALLEY
Native Sons, Foresters, Knights of Pythias,
Red Men and Miners' Union in
. Special Dispatch to the Oall.
Stops the Cough find Works Off the Cold.
; Laxative, Bromo-Quinlne Tablets cure a cold
In one day. No cure, no nan. Price 25c.
Weak Men and Women
Should use damiana bitters thb
*-» great Mexican remedy; gives health atia
atreagtb to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
Benjamin Andrews' New Post.
OMAHA, Nebr.. April 11.— The ' board of
regents of the Nebraska University this
evening elected Superintendent E. Benja
min Andrews of Chicago chancellor of the
University of Nebraska by. a vote of 4 to 2.
" MY OWH SELF ACAIH."
Mrs. Gates "Writes to Mrs. Ftaihauo,
Fallows Her A d vlo« an 4 It Ms*U W«IL
" Deab Mrs. Pehchah j — For nearly
two and one-half years I hare been in
feeble health. After my little child came
it seemed I could not
~^al|9sS^Uf' so severe at times
IWbwBHbI that I cannot lie on
£fiS&|PHM my right side. Please
•^fsMßKgwEa write me what you
- /9r •' Dear Mrs. Puikham:—
I have taken Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound as advised and now
send you a letter for publication. For
several years I was in such wretched
health that life was almost a burden..
I could hardly walk across the floor,
was so feeble. Several ; of our best
physicians attended me, but failed to
help. I concluded to write to you for
advice. In" a few days I received such
a kind, motherly letter. I followed your
instructions and am my 'old self
again. Was greatly benefited before I
had used one bottle. May God bless
you for what you are doing for suffer-
ing women." — Mrs. Clara Gates,
Johns P. 0., Miss., Oct. 6, 1899.
PaclTlo Coast Steamship Co.
' FOR THE
fete. CAPE NOME
U*s| GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamshl»
Will Bail From San Francisco MAT 14th for the
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle, leaving ther* May 19ta. Subse-
Juent trips will be from Seattle direot. namely:
une nau July list and August 20th. Passen-
gers are advised to Inspect the Senator befor*
purchasing ticket* via other steamers, as her
second-class and steerage accommodations ar*
superior to the first-class accommodations oa
most of the steamers advertised for Nome.
The Pacific Ccast Steamship Company has beea
running Its steamers to Alaska — winter and
summer— for 25 years and is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For further information in-
quire of J. F. TROWBRIDGE. Ocean Doc*.
Seattle. Wash. N. POSTON. 249 Washington
St.. Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. 124 West Sec-
ond tt.. Los Angeles. Cal. GOODALU PER-
KINS A CO.. Gen. Agents, 4 New Montgomery
st.. or 10 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal. <
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch- tha Al American
otftftm Walp.
ZEALANDIA
(CAPACITY 8000 TONS)
FOR 101 DIBECT,
Sailing from San Francisco
Monflay,May2l,l9oo.
Special rates for freight and insurance.
Through passenger and freight service to
Dawson and all points on Yukon River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
139 POST STBKT.
RANKIN PUT FORWARD
BY SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Railroad Takes a Hand in the Contra
Costa and Marin Senatorial
Fight
Special Dispatch to The »¦»
MARTINEZ, April IL— The Southern
Pacific Railroad Is showing Its hand In
the fight for State Senator to represent
the district which embraces Contra Costa
and Marin counties. The railroad power,
through the agency of James Stow and
J. H. Borland, Js advocating' the nomina
tion of James Rankin on the Republican
ticket. It Is called to mind that the rail
road forced Rankln's nomination on the
Republicans some years ago, but he was
defeated at the polls by Elliot McAllister,
a Democrat.
Contra Costa Is entitled to the Senator
ship this term, as Marin had the last
term. The Republicans, who highly com
mend the able services rendered - by
Charles M. Belshaw in the Assembly, de
sire that he shall represent the district
in the Senate. Assemblyman Belshaw re
fused to take orders from the company
and is therefore not In favor at railroad
headquarters. The word has been passed
out to give Rankin the nomination.
Belshaw's manly and courageous atti
tude in refusing ia the Legislature to*obey
the commands of the railroad power has
added greatly to his strength with the
people, but has aroused tho resentment
of the corporation.
a representative should exercise his Judg
ment and thought in the performance of
his duties, he is also the agent of the peo
ple for the registry of their will, and,
where it appears to him. as in this case,
that overwhelming public sentiment is
against his particular vote, he should not
defeat, but should follow their will at the
earliest opportunity. Particularly Is this
true where he is satisfied that the primary
purposes of the previous vote will In any
event be secured."
vote against concurring In the Senate
amendments to the Porto Rican bill:
"When the bill was first before the
liouse it was different in many particu
lars. The new features alone presented
by the Senate amendments would impel
me to vote against it. So far as it em
braces the same principle as the House
bill, my vote at that time was actuated
by a desire to have a judicial exposition
of the powers of Congress over posses
sions acquired by the treaty of Paris.
The Democratic State platform of 189S,
upon which I was elected to Congress,
reads: 'We favor the fullest investiga
tion of all conditions existing In the Phil
ippine Islands, affecting the interests and
obligations of our country and the matter
of their future treatment and disposition,
to the end that final action In relation
thereto shall be intelligent and based upon
full knowledge of all the facts that can
affect the Interests of the United States.'
The most important fact that can 'affect
the interests and obligations of our coun
try, in the Philippines is the determina
tion of their legal status and as to wheth
er or not our labor is to be thrown into
competition with their cheap peon, Malay,
Chinese and Japanese labor, and whether
or not an open-door thereto and for all
Chinese and Japanese in these possessions
is created, and they are to have the right
indefeasible to come into this country.
The answer to these important questions
being within the jurisdiction of the Su
preme Court alone, and the opportunity
to secure such being offered by the pass
age of the House Porto Rican bill. I con
ceived tt my duty to vote therefor.
"Since that bill was passed I have ex
amined Into tho cases now pending In the
United States courts in New York. Con
sultation with Solicitor General Richards
with reference thereto reveals the fact
that in one of these, at least, the Issues
therein made are such that the Supremo
Court will bo compelled to take Jurisdic
tion thereof and that therein full powers
of Congress upon this subject will of ne
cessity be determined. Further, so far as
Porto Rico is concerned, I stated at the
time that 'I regretted that Porto "Rico
should be made the subject of the test.'
It is now manifest from the expressions
of press and citizens, regardless of party,
that the public is desirous that Porto Rico
Bhould have free trade. I think that while
of Missouri, Clayton of Alabama, Clayton of
New York, Cooney, Cowherd, Cox, Crawford,
Crumpaoker, Cumminßs, Cusack, Daly, Daven
port (Stanley), Davis, De Armond, De Graf
fenreid. De Vries. Denny. Dlnsmore, Dougher
ty. Driggs. Elliott, Flnley. Fitzgerald of Massa
chusetts, Fitzgerald of New York. Fltzpatrick,
Fleming, Fletcher, Foster, Fox, Galnes, Gayle,
Gilbert. Glynn, Gordon, Green of Pennsylvania,
Griffith. Griggs. Hall, Heatwole.. Henry of
Mississippi, Henry of Texas. Howard, Jett.
Johnston, Jones of Virginia, Kitchen, Kleberg,
Klutts, Lamb, Lane, Lanham, Latimer. Lentz.
Lester. Levy, Lewis, Little, Littlefleld. Living
ston, Lloyd. Lorimer. McAleer. McCall, McClel
lan. McCullough. McDowell, McLaln, Mcßae,
Maddux, May. Meeklson, Mlers of Indiana, Moon.'
Muller, Naphen. Neville, Newlands, Noonan,
Norton of Ohio, Norton of South Carolina,
Pierce of Tennessee, Quarles, Ransdell, Rhea
of Kentucky. Rhea of Virginia, Richardson,
Ridgeley, Rlordan, Robb, Robinson of Indiana,
Robinson of Nebraska, Rucker, Ruppert, Ryan
of New York, Ryan of Pennsylvania, Scudder,
Bhackelford. Shafroth, Sheppard, Sims, Slay
den, Smith of Kentucky, Smith (Henry), Snod
grass, Sparkman, Spight, Stark, Stephens of
Texas, Stokes. Sulzer, Sutherland, Swanson,
Talbert, Tate. Taylor of Alabama, Terry,
Thomas of North Carolina. Turner, Underhill,
Underwood. Vandlver, Warner, Wheeler, "Wil
liams (J. R.). Williams (William E.). Williams
of Mississippi. Wilson of Idaho. Wilson of
New York, Wilson of South Carolina, Zieg
ler—lsS.
The pairs were as follows, the first
named being in favor of the bill:
Hull with Hay, Packer with Polk, Barney
with Allen of Mississippi, Weymouth with
Broussard, Gillett of Massachusetts with Thay
er, Hawley with Cooper of Texas, Burkett with
Burke of Texas, Mahon with Otey, Minor of
Wisconsin with Rixey, Lybrand with Gaston,
Kerr with Carmack, Davey (D.) with Crow
ley. Meyer (D.) with Robinson of Louisiana,
Otjen with Brenner, Wachtler with Small.
Stewart of New Jersey with Salmon, Esch
with Bailey of Texas, Boutelle of Maine with.
Cochran of Missouri.
Unpaired— Stalllngs.
DE VRIES EXPLAINS
HIS CHANGE OF VOTE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April U.—Representa
tive De Vries said to-day regarding his
GRASS VALLEY, April 11.— The con
tract has been let for the construc
tion of a handsome theater in this
city. An incorporation has been
formed; composed of the Native
Sons, Ancient Order of Foresters, Knights
of Pythias, Red Men and Miners' Union,
who will furnish the capital for the en
terprise. The structure will be three
stories in height, on the first floor of
which will be the theater, while the other
stories will be devoted to ¦ lodgerooms.
The auditorium of the theater, including
the balcony, will be capable of seating
1000 persons, and the etage will be about
the same size as that of the Alcazar
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In accordance with the directions of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives of the Republican
Party from the several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the Wth
day of June. A. D. 13C0. at 12 o'clock noon,
for the purpose of nominating candidates for
the office of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for such other business
as may be brought before said convention; and
In accordance with the Instructions given by
eald National Committee, directing that the
Congressional District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each said district. In the same
manner as the nomination of a Representative
in Congress is made In said district; therefore.
ba It
Resolved. By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL, COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the- State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held as hereinafter
provided, at which two delegates shall ba
chosen to represent each of such districts tn
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVKN-
TION. to be held as aforesaid, and for th»
selection of two alternate delegates, to act in
case of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of the delegates of th 9 Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district, in accordance with the call of tha
National Committee.
Provided, That the basis cf representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall b« aa
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District;
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces more than one county, there shall b*
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county In such Assembly District,
and one delegate for each SOO votes cast for
Henry T. Gage, Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In IS3B. and one delegate for each frac-
tion of ISO votes or over.
It Is further directed that the delegate*
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet In State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th Cay of May.
1300, at 2 o'clock p. m., to select four delegates-
at-large to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In case the delegates
selected be absent, for the election of a Stats
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It Is further directed that where primary
elections are held the test for voters shall be:
"I belleva tn Republican principles and In-
dorse the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of President McKlnley, and intend
to - support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the ensuing election."
It Is further directed that contests must b*
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee In writing, with a full statement
of the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding -the meeting of the State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before th»
Ccnsreßslonal Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of tha 14th
day of May. 1900.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at San Francisco. April
«. 1900. . E. C. HART. Secretary.
ENDS THE PORTO
RICAN STRUGGLE
House Republicans Pass the Tariff
Bill by a Majority of Flight
votes.
»— :
Measure Carrying Senate Amendments Will
Go to the President for His Signa
ture To-Day.
WASHINGTON. April 11.-The long and
bitter struggle over Jh« Porto Rican tariff
bill ended to-day, when the House, by a
vote of 161 to 153. concurred in all the
Senate amendments. The bill now re
quires only the signature of the Speaker
of the House and the President of the
Senate before going to the President for
his approval. These signatures will be
attached to-morrow and before nightfall
me bill probably will have become a law.
A« the bill originally passed the House
It was a simple measure. Imposing 15 per
cent of the Dlngley rates on goods going
Into Porto Rico from the United States
and coming from Porto Rico into the
1 nited States. As amended by the Sen
ate and to-day agreed to by the House
all restrictions on goods coming into the
United States from Porto Rico are elim
inated and certain foodstuffs and other
articles which heretofore have gone into
xorto Rico free by executive order are
excluded from the operation of the 15 per
cent duty Imposed on goods entering the
Island from the United States. A com
lilete scheme of civil government for tho
island is also attached to the measure.
Upon the final vote, nine Republicans
voted against the bill— Heatwole of Min
nesota, Crumpacker of Indiana, Lane of
lowa. Littlefleld of Maine. McCall of
Massachusetts, H. C. Smith of Michigan.
Warner of Illinois. Fletcher of Maine and
Lcrimer of Illinois. Two Democrats—
Davey and Meir of Louisiana— were paired
with Democrats in favor of the bill and
one Democrat— Slbley of Pennsylvania —
voted for it outright. De Vries, the other
Democrat who voted for the original bill,
to-day voted against concurrence. Stall
ings <D.) of Alabama was the only mem
ber on either • side absent and unpaired.
The vote came at 6 o'clock, after a very
interesting and at times exciting debate
at five hours, which covered not only the
bill, but the special order under which
th« House acted. One of the most dram
atic features of the day was the reading
by Richardson, the minority leader, of
the original opinion of Charles E. Magoon,
the legal adviser of the War Department,
in favor of the view that the constitution
extended over Porto Rico ex proprio
vigore. Dolliver of lowa in reply, termed
Magoon a clerk who tried to overrule the
prest lawyer at the head of the War De
partment. Warner of Illinois. Crum
pacicer of Indiana; McCall of Massachu
setts and Lorimer of Illinois, also Repub
licans, made speeches against the motion
to concur.
Special Rule Debated.
As soon as the reading of the journal
v.-as concluded Dalzell of Pennsylvania,
one of the leader* of the majority and
a member of the committee on rules, pre
sented the special order under which the
iiouse was to operate, as follows:
Resol\-ed. That Immediately upon the adop
tion of this resolution the committee of the
¦whole on the state of the Union FhaJl be dis
charired from the consideration of H. R. 8145
(the Porto Rico bill) and the Senate amend
ments thereto; that the fame shall be con
sidered in th» Houce until 5 p. m. Wednesday.
April 31. UW. when, without delay or other
meition. a vote shall be taken on the motion
to concur In the saJd Senate amendments In
fT<et-. All members shall have leave to print
on the subject of said bill and amendments
7or t«>n days from the adoption of this rule.
Upon demand of Dalzell. the previous
question on the adoption of the rule was
oroVred.
Richardson, the minority leader, called
attention to the fact that the rule would
permit the House to vote upon a single
proposition. If it had been possible for
the Senate to add to the iniquity of the
original bill levying 15 per cent of the
Uingley duties on goods going into Porto
Rico, he said. It had done so in the so
called civil government amendment. Un
der the guise of a civil government, the
Senate, he said, had imposed an imperial
istic government upon the people of the
island. He asserted that it was never the
Intention of the Republicans of the House
in the first instance to enact any such
measure. He quoted President Mckinley.
Secretary Root. ex-President Harrison.
? x-Speaker Reed and other Republicans
cf national reputation in favor of free
trade with the islands, and drew a salvo
of applause from his Democratic col
leagues by characterizing the President.
In the language of ex-Speaker Reed, as
"the Emperor of Expediency."
Proceeding, he expressed his regret that
the Secretary of War had not seen fit to
furnish the opinion of Judge Charles A.
llagoon. the attorney of the Insular Bu
reau, to the effect that the constitution
extended px proprio vigore to our new
¦possessions, upon which he 6aid the orig
inal recommendations of; the President
and Secretary of War were based. He
read from extracts from this alleged sup
pressed opinion, which had been printed
In a New York newspaper. The reading
was frequently punctuated with applause.
Why, Richardeon asked, had the Presi
dent, the Secretary of War and the Re
publican party changed upon this whole
question? For reply, he read the state
ment of Professor Schurmann of the
Philippine Commission, that the "trusts
had gone down to Washington and had
grasped the Republican party by the
throat."
Babcock and Grosvenor Reply.
Babrock of Wisconsin, chairman cf the
Republican <'on*,TPSKional Campaign Com.
mfttec, indignantly resented the charge of
Richardson that ihe Republican Campaign
?.."cinmiit^e hail received a money consid
eration for the Porto Rico tariff bill. As
a member of that committee he desired to
announce it as absolutely without founda
tion, and he challenged any one to name
the Republican who was responsible for
euch a charge.
Jumping to his feet. Pierce of Tennessee
tried to interrupt Babrock, but the latter
waved him aside.
"He withdraws his challenge." shouted
a voice on the Democratic Bide, amid a
howl of derision.
Babcock paid no attention to It. The
phoe was on the other foot, he said. The
tobacco trust and the sugar trust had
Ktarted the free trade agitation. This
statement produced more derisive cries
from the opposition, which, however, were
drowned in Republican cheers.
Grosver.or of Ohio followed with a
speech that kept his Fide In almost con
tinuous applause. It was a glorious thing,
he 6aid. to witness the anxiety of the Dem
ocratic party and the mugwump press lest
the Republican party should destroy
itself. He had witnessed it before, but he
had never 6een it so zealous as now to
avert from the Republican party the
odium and curse of an outraged pnblic
sentiment. <Republican cheers.)
He hurled back in Richardson's teeth
the charge of bribery. Did the gentleman
from Tennessee, he asked, think he could
be a hypocrite everywhere? He himself
did not believe it. If he believed any Re
publican had made such a statement why
did he not investigate It?
"We do not believe it." cried Grosvenor.
"We know It is a He. (Republican ap
plause.) I do not say no man made the
statement, but if he did he Is a liar.
(Democratic Jeers.) Let the gentleman
from Tennessee bring in a resolution and
It will be adopted in fifteen minutes."
"1 did not make the statement myself,"
interrupted Richardson.
"Oh, no." retorted Grosvenor. "That is
like the shining, slippery character of the
gentleman." (Republican applause.)
Result of the Test Vote.
The viva voce vote was indecisive, and
to save time an aye and no vote was
taken on the adoption of the rule. The
announcement of the adoption of the rule
(ayes, 15b; noes, -42; present and not
voting, 11) was greeted with salvos of ap
plause on the Republican side. The large
majority was a general surprise. It was
regarded as a test vote.
The Republicans who voted against the
rule were: Crumpacker of Indiana, Heat
wole of Minnesota, Lane of lowa, LJttle
fleld of Maine, Lorlmer of Illinois. McCall
of Massachusetts, H. C. Smith of Michi
gan and Warner of Illinois. The only
Democrat voting for the rule was Sibley
of Pennsylvania.
It was decided that the time remaining,
three and a half hours, should be equally
divided between the two sides, Payne and
Richardson to control the time on their
respective sides. Payne yielded to Wat
son of Indiana, who opened the debate.
He pointed out the reasons which led the
President and his advisers tochange their
opinions. New information aa to condi
tions had been obtained. The Republican
party was a practical party. It met con
ditions as they arose. It had risen to the
occasion and had framed this bill, found
ed upon justice and wisdom. He railed
the Republican recalcitrants who "read
the newspapers and imagined they were
in the swelling current of nistory."
"Creatures pf Noah's ark," he asked,
addressing the other side, "what do you
propose? No voice comes from the tomb!"
(Republican applause.)
Richardson yielded thirty minutes to
McCall of Massachusetts, who divided his
time among the Republican opponents of
the bill. First H. C. Smith. of Michigan
Ftated the grounds of his opposition. He
believed with Bismarck that the world
was ruled from above, not below, and that
the God of nations and of battles pointed \
the victory to the right. Now was the j
exalted opportunity of this country, he
said, and it should be the Republican j
party which Should lead Jt. But as a be- I
'lever in the survivor cf the good and<
true, he said, he could not bring his con
science to support the bill. It was a
piece of bad faith against the people of !
Porto Rico, who had fallen upon their |
knees to the stars and stripes. General ;
Milts' promise then made should, he said, |
be redeemed. Good morals demanded it. !
Warner of Illinois urged the samt.
ground of objection. The bill was, he said,
a broach of trust.
"If this measure be adopted," he said,
"no people can safely become a part ot
us. as they can have no assurance of their
status or treatment. We may as well
write upon our borders, 'All hope aban
don, ye who enter here.' "
Predicts Disaster to the Nation.
I^orlmer of Illinois delivered a ten-min
ute speech in opposition to tho bill, which
elicited frequent applause from the oppo
sition.
"Mr. Speaker," said he in conclusion.
"I think we have reached the crisis In our
history; I think we need a liberty revival.
If we are true to ourselves we must have
it. If we are not true, then the ultimate
penalty will be dissolution of our repub
lican institutions. A nation which sur
renders its basic principle cannot survive.
1 am not an alarmist. 1 do not think the
dissolution will come in our day or gen
eration. Such changes work slowly, but
they are none the less inevitable. I doubt
not that as imperialists we will have our
day of grandeur and perhaps our imperial
splendor will eclipse that of ancient Rome.
"Columbia, if shamefully bedecked with
the precious pearl of the Antilles and the
gems of the Pacific and the Orient, may
oxciie for a time such admiration as is won
by riches and voluptuousness. But, sir,
the light of liberty, which is to her what
virtue is to woman, will have faded from
her eye. And all the riches of the world
cannot make up for that loss to those who
really love her; to those who look upon her
starry emblem as the symbol of God-given
rights and not as a commercial asset."
McCall of Massachusetts was the last
Republican who antagonized the bill. In
conclusion he said that the proposal to
tax the products of Porto Rico had aroused
indignation everywhere. It had trans
formed the whole country into a Boston
tea party. (Democratic applause.)
Hopkins of Illinois asserted that the bill
when enacted into law would be far more
advantagreou3 to the people of Porto Kico
than the United States laws in force in
New Mexico. Arizona or any Territory of
the United States. No money was taken
from the treasury of the United States for
building' schoolhouses and roads In any or
the Territories. The Internal revenue laws
of the United States were in full force in
the Territories. He claimed that the bill
was in strict accord with the human*
promises made by General Miles. <
Richardson of Tennessee, the minority
leader, concluded the debate on his side.
He was followed by Dolllver of lowai wht»
dismissed as beneath contempt the charge
of bribery as a motive for this bill. This
was a Republican measure, he said. In
dorsed by the Republican President and
the Republican leaders.
Payn« of New York, the floor leader of
i..c majority, closed the debate with a
vigorous speech, in which he said he was
ready to submit the issue involved In the
pending bill to the common people of the
country. '
Final Vote on the Measure.
At 6 o'clock the House, under the terms
of the special order, proceeded to vote.
The roll-call was followed with Intense
Interest. The only demonstrations oc
curred when Henry C. Smith of -Michigan
voted "no." and when the Speaker direct
ed the clerk to call his name an
swered "aye." . "When the Speaker an
nounced the passage of the bill— ayes, 161;
noes. 163; present and not voting 1 , 11 — the
Republicans cheered for several minutes.
The roll-call was as follows:
Ayes— Acheson, Adams. Aldrich, Alexander.
Allen (Maine), Babcock. Bailey of Kansas,
Baker, Barham. Bartholdt. Bingham. Bishop,
Boreing, Boutelle, Bowersoek. Brick. Bromwell,
Broslus. Brown. Brownlow, Bull, Burke of
South Dakota, Burleigh. Burton. Butler, Cal
dVrhead. Cannon, Capron. Clarke of North
Carolina. Cochrane of New York, Connell.
Cooper of Wisconsin. Corliss, Cousins, Cromer.
Crump. Curtlß, Cushman, Dahle, Dalzell. Dav
enport (Samuel). Davidson, Dayton, Dick. Dol
liver. Dovener. Drlseoll, Eddy, Emerson, Faris,
Fordney. Foss, Fowler. Freer. Gamble, Gard
ner of Michigan, Gardner of New Jersey , Gib
eon. Gill, Gillett of New York. Graff. Gra
ham. Greene of Massachusetts. Grosvenor,
Grout. Grow. Hamilton. Haugen. Hedtre, Hen
derson (Speaker), Hemenway, Henry. Hepburn
Hill. Hitt, Hofrecker, Hopkla«, Howell, Jack,
Jenkins. Jones of Washington. Joy. Kahit,
Ketchats. Knox. Lacey, Landls, Lawrence,
Llnney. Ltttauer. Long, Loud, Loudennlager.
Levering, McCleary, McPherson.* Mann. Marsh
Mercer. Meslck, Metcalf. Miller. ' Mondelli
Moody of Massachusetts, Moody of Oregon,
Morgan, Morris. Mudd. Needham, O'Grady,
Olm«ed. Overstrcet, Parker, Payne. Pearce of
Missouri, Pearre. Phillips. Powers, Prince,
Pugh. Ray of New York, Reader. Reeves, Rob
erts. Rodenburg, Russell, Shattuck, Sheldon,
Sherman. . Khowalter. Sibley Smith of Illinois
Smith (S. W.). Smith (W. A.J, Southard,
Spaldlnir. ¦ Sperry. Sprarue, Steele; Stevens.
Stewart, of ' New York. Stewart of Wisconsin,
fculloway, Tawney. Taylor of Ohio, Tham.»s of
lowa, Thropp, Tompkins, Tongue, Van ' Voor
hiiv Vreeland.- Wadsworth. "\Van*er, Waters.
Watson. Weaver, Weeks. White. Wise, Wright,
Young— l6l.- .
Now — Adamson. Allen of Kentucky. Atwater,
Ba!!. Bankfcsad. Barber, Bartlett,? Bell, • Bel
lamy. Benton, Berry. Bradley. Brantley. Brae
zeale. Brewer. Brundldgp, Burleson, Burnett.
CaldwelL Campbell, Catchjucs. Ctoanler Claris
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj THUBSD AY, APRIL 12,, 1900.
SENATE PASSES
THE CABLE BILL
Designed to Establish Communi
tion Between San Francisco
and Hawaii
Navy Department Will Superintend Construc
tion and the Government Will
Operate the Line.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS WELLINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, April
11— If the present Congress adjourn without making provision for cable com
munication between the United States and Hawaii the responsibility will rest
with the House. The Senate to-day performed its share of the work of legis
lation by passing the Hale bill, which provides for the construction of a sub
marine cable between San Francisco and Honolulu, with the ultimate view of
extending the. line to the Philippines. According to the Senate bill passed to
day the work is to be performed under the auspices of the Navy Department,
and when the cable is completed It Is to be operated and controlled by the
Postmaster General. The sum of $3,000,000 is appropriated for the purpose. A
provision is Included requiring all material and appliances to be of American
manufacture. The pending House bill now on the calendar of that body con
templates the construction of a cable to the Philippines as a private enter
prise. It is therefore likely that there will be a clash between the House and
the Senate. At the present time it is difficult to say which one of the proposi
tions will prevail, or whether there will be any legislation at all during the
present session.
WASHINGTON, April IL— With little
debate of consequence the Senate to-day
passed the Pacific cable bill, a measure
appropriating $3,000,000 for the construc
tion of a cable between San Francisco
and Honolulu. The bill. was unanimously
reported by the Committee on Naval Af
fairs, and that it was passed without ser
ious objection is regarded as a compliment
to the committee.
During the greater part of the session
the District of Columbia appropriation bill
was under consideration. As passed it
carries nearly $8,000,000.
A resolution was adopted calling upon
the President, if not Incompatible with
public Interest, to inform the Senate
whether any persons have been executed
by garrote in Porto Rico since the United
States authorities have been in control
of the island, and, if so, why the system
of execution was employed.
The resolution relating to the Quay caso
was laid before the Senate, and Burrows
of Michigan arose to address himself to
it. Allison of Connecticut requested Bur
rows to yield ta him, that he might have
the Senate take up the District of Colum
bia appropriation bill. This request waa
agreed to, it being understood that Bur
rows should proceed to-morrow with his
speech. After Penrose of Pennsylvania
had protested that appropriation bills
should not interfere with consideration
of the Quay case, the District of Colum
bia appropriation bill was formally taken
up and passed.
Text of the Cable Bill.
At the instance of Hale, chairman' of
the Naval Committee, the Senate then
took up the bill providing for the con
struction, maintenance and operation un
der the management of the Navy Depart
ment of a Pacific cable. The bill, as report
ed to the Senate, is a substitute for the
measure as originally introduced by Hale.
It carries an .appropriation of $3,000,000
for the project. _ .
The bill provides for a cable from San
Francisco to Honolulu, the work to be
done under the supervision of the Navy
Department, which has made surveys and
determined the practicability of the route.
The Navy Department may use any of its
ships that can be adapted to ihe task of
laying the cable and if it needs other
ships it may charter them. In addition to
this, it provides that the Secretary of the
Navy," in his discretion, if he finds it is
not practicable to lay the cable by the
force of his own department, may con
tract, under specifications and due ad-
vertisement, for the construction, laying
and equipment of the cable. All materials
and appurtenances Bhall be of special
quality.
Section 5 provides that the cables, wires
and other instruments, materials, appli
ances and appurtenances necessary in the
work of laying the cable shall be of Amer
ican manufacture, provided the same can
be procured at a cost not exceeding 13 per
cent above what the same can be pro
cured for in foreign markets.
Hale explained that the bill provided
for the building of the cable from San
Francisco to Honolulu. This, he said,
would be In the nature of an experiment,
and upon the result of it would depend
in a measure the future course of the
Government. It might be deemed desira
ble in the light of experiment to start the
Philippine cable from some point like Se
attle and proceed to Japan by the north
ern route,
Pettus moved to strike out section 5 of
the bill.
"Why." he inquired, "should the Gov
ernment consent to be taxed on its own
business for the benefit of certain manu
factures? It's an absurdity. Even if you
do rob the people by your taxes, you
ought not to rob the Government."
Tillman of South Carolina, as a member
of the Naval Committee, defended the
bill, in the report of which all the Demo
cratic members of the committee had
joined. While he was not, he said, a pro
tectionist or in favor of subsidies, he re
garded the provision in section 6 of this
bill in the Interest of the people, as it
would be a "sort of nursing bottle" to the
Industries interested. He deemed It a de
sirable experiment in Government owner
ship and control, and expressed the opin
ion that it might prove a good thing for
Alabama.
"Up to this date." said Pettus. "Ala
bama will not accept your bribe. I have
seen one great State near mine accept the j
sugar bottle and I don't like it."
Tlllman disclaimed^ any effort to bribe i
either Senator Pettus or the State of Ala- '
baina, but he was anxious to Increase the ;
struggling iron and steel Industries of ¦
Alabama, and he hoped to see the day
when a Government armor plate factory
would be located in Alabama.
"Alabama is not struggling at all." re
torted Pettus. with spirit. "Alabama is
master of the situation both as to iron
and coal. But the great grandchildren
of the Senator (Tillman) will be here in j
the Senate before any part of the armor
plates are manufactured in Alabama. This
thing is wrong and Senators knew it."
Pettus' amendment was defeated— ll to
S3— and the bill passed without division.
Save 25 Per Cent
On Your Summer Suit
by getting !t made /-^./ -^.
at Pohelm's. < fe*.Tr<iyri> <$rw
Suits 913.ft0 up. /^!{))&3krt&f*K
Pants 9-i.SO up. / \^^S^a> /(\
Guaranteed to bt f Kf?*J* v-C^A
first class in every Ut-^V/
Samples sent free. L yg!PV \ \
JOE POHEIM, (F7 1 I \ \\
The Tailor, 1 1 / |1 | I
1110-tm Market st. I] / |J I I
101-203 Montg'r st. {
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
>:9? NO/WE BEACH
DIRECT.
BARKENTINE CATHERINE STTPDroi SAILS
APRIL 13. 1900.
For freight rates apply to th«
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COMPANY.
Office: 4 California «t.
faf^ ALX.lf»rvoma IHstatea Falling Mea-
fri SC ©rr. Sle*pJee«M««. "to- canaad by o»er.
£T «A work and laducretiona. Thm/ anitktv
•\ %ff& ? *"•*• *«reitf rastortt Lost Vitality ia old
II *^/- or young, and fit a man fcr sr udr.bo»l-
Jl^n ik^S""* or P'.e^nraw Present Insanity ani
¦SSfiflfcOoajamption if takea ia timSTTbSfr
2? * bo 7?iX nled . b^ *npn»im«aUßd effects CUH2
irbere all others Jail. Insist npon harms tha genuine
AJaxTahlats. lh»y Ear* cured thousand* Sd will
cure yoa. JV • glr» a post tire written grsaranteo t> «fc
ractaearelneacneosaor refund the money. Prio»
SO Ffo "*' p . a S ka % ?&. ** x Packages Ifali treat*
AJAX REMEDY CO., "c&g"^
For sale in S. F. by Lelpnita * Co.. Na Per-
centag* Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. S. F.. OcUl'd.
2/t I^9! 9C^ Improve the a
r Ermi § i iH^ general health, if
h B BSafioV Iocenta&2Scents. £
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallal
on Application.
COAL. COXB AND PIO IROX
J-\r VILZVA tt UJ-t Telephone ikUia UU.
COPPERSMITH.
."'Q'KPH FOX. tnpt. H. BLTTH. M«r.
f W Eh:p FlumMnr. Steamboat
t- n • „..',! 1 11. RE a sjjip Work a specialty, v
*j •¦> It Watn;BS-tca »t. T«-l*pt»onc Mala £641.
V
FRESH A!O SALT MEATS.
lAS EOYFS&CfI Ffc lPP»n* Batcher*, 1M
JA> IlUltJtl VV-i ciar. T«L Main 11M.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I AMFTTE PULi * AJ * D pai> er co..
PHINTIKJ.
F f Pl'firTrS PRINTER.
STATIONED AND PRINTED.
TeHrrapblo p AgTB i DGE "W California
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. ffi"S^S
riIAMONI> COAI* MIXING CO.. at 1U GREEN
XIVKH COLLJKRIES. fa Use Best Coal i a tb«
nark«t. CKAc* and ZanU— 4M Main street.
• i Ala il orders
I Pest Butter 35c
»-»b
-fuli 2-lb weight S * WJ '
j — excellent— crecmerie—
1 for two days only
! Cereals 7 snaps
2 Carl oa i 1 ots at carload pricesi ces
'. E ustem ye! lew conrroe a] 50 1 bs 80c
" ' - " TO « 17« C
Aurora hiclrwhea* 10 " 35c
sale lasts two days
Sweet Corn Bj^c
S. C. S. Fidelity brand «"
— csnned by ourselves —
bought from the grower
direct — no middleman's
profit — almost as good as
our famous Cream de Luxe
brand at 12k— sale lasts
2 days
Table Fruit 1 oc
Like mother puts vp — f.n
delicious — 10,000 cases —
2j Ib tins — prunes, apricots,
green gages, apples, or
grapes — a 2 days introduc-
tory sale
Santa Claus Soap 4c
i Fairbanks makes it — «ke
1 for the laundry — good—
r4r 4 1 days sale
I Jam and Jelly 1 2^c
P Nothing but good pure «n
X fruit — a revelation —
U open to taste — apple,
tj apricot, plum, pear —
)\ for two days
CASH STORED
25-27 ilarket Street
the Middle West Jobbers at present was
of that destructive character resorted to
only temporarily, and that should they
succeed in driving the Pacific Coast job
bers from the field prices would again
range at about the same figures as now
quoted by the coast jobbers. He gave
frequent illustrations of what Chicago
and St. Louis jobbers had done in his
territory.
A very interesting bit of testimony was
given by Mr. Goldsmith relating to tho
St. Paul differentials. He positively swore
that Vice President Hannaford of the
Northern Pacific told him and other Se
attle Jobbers that the reduction of dif
ferentials made at St. Paul was in re
sponse to Middle West pressure. Mr.
Hannaford was alleped to have said:
"We changed the differential at St. Paul
because of Middle West pressure. The
Jobbers of that district threatened to
route freight against our road unless w"e
lowered tho differentials. We have a good
many points through Montana and Da
kota where there are other lines com
peting than the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific and we felt that wo
could not resist the demand of the Mid
dle West Jobbers and that they would
route freight against us unless we lowered
the differential."
Witness also explained to the commis
sion that Middle West Jobbers could now
ship freight 700 miles for the same figures
that Pacific Const jobbers could ship 350
miles.
Twoi local retail hardware men appeared
before the commission to testify against
the statements of the coast Jobbers. They
claimed the consumer was injured by a
wide differential and aided when the dif
ferential was lowered so that the Middle
West men could more easily enter this
field.
Their testimony was made ridiculous in
the cross-examination of Mr. Pillsbury,
counsel for the coast, who proved ri'y
themselves that the consumer was ben
efited neither way. When the differential
was wide the Middle West Jobber allowed
the freight to cover the differential, and
when the differential was lowered or
abolished no such freight allowances were
made, thus proving that the fight was
merely between Jobbers and did not affect
consumers.
ROUSING UP
INDIAN TRIBES
IN THE NORTH
S* ¦ -
Chief Johnson Tells Them
They Are to Be Deprived
of Their Liberty.
? —
Seeking Contributions to Send Him
to Washington to Plead Thei»
Cause Before the Pres
¦ . *
Spatial Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., April 11.— Chief John
eon, aided by Fred Moore, another Indian,
has invented a scheme whereby ten or
twelve Alaska Indian tribes. are being led
to contribute Jointly to a large fund with
whl<j,h Chief Johnson is to be sent to
Washington City as their delegate. If
they succeed Fred Moore will go as chief
aid, and they will have a retinue com
prising one -member from each of the
Kaka, Stickecn, Hyda, Metlakatla, Auk,
Chilkat, Sltka, Taku, Hoonah and other
Indian tribes. Johnson's plea Is that his
presence in Washington is necessary that
entire justice may be done the Indians.
Ho wishes to raise $10,000. Indians of the
Auk tribe about Juneau have been worked
up to a hisrh pitch by Johnson, who claims
that Governor Brady is trying to Induce
the President to make an Indian reserva
tion near Sltka. move all the Indians In
southeastern Alaska thereon, build high
board fences around them and keep them
Inside. Johnson told them that if any
tried to escape they would be sjjot by sol
diers. By going to Washington he can
avoid this calamity.
To-day's news from Alaska shows the
Sltka and Chilkat Indians at the head of
Lynn canal to be greatly wrought up over
the arrest of a dozen of their fellows as a
result of the Horton double murder.
There are ten Indians to every white
person" about Haines Mission, on Chilkoot
Inlet. Chilkat River and Klukwan. An
uprising would result disastrously to
whites if It should occur quickly.
• To make matters worse the Chilkat and
Sitka tribes are at outs, and last week
had a severe tight in which a number on
both sides were injured. Both tribes have
organized salvation armies, patterned
after the one at Skaguay. Rivalry haa
run high, each side claiming that the other
tribe should disband Its army and join,
theirs. It also develops that the Indians
in custody at Skaguay for the murder of
the Hortons are about .equally divided be
tween these two tribes. Hanson, who first
confessed. Is a Chilkat, and the Sltkas
want to kill him for having caused the
arrest of their own tribesmen.
dlans from the rancherla. Shortly before
the funeral cortege left the mansion 400
school children marched along the drive
way, scattering flowers the entiro dis
tance to the cemetery.
The pallbearers were: James Kirk, Jud
son Albright, George Henderson, O. D.
Tabor, William Conway, W. Preacher, J.
Frango, A. Lofonso, F. C. Lusk, General
N. P. Chlpman, Henry French, Judge C. F.
Lott, Professor C. H. Shinn, Professor
Henderson. A. H. Crew and Colonel H. T.
Batchelder.
It used to*bc considered thai^only urinary and bladder trou-
bles were to be traced to the kidneys, but now modern science
proves that nearly all diseases have their beginning in the dis-
order of these most important organs.
The kidneys filter and purify the blood— that is their work.
So when your kidneys are weak or out of order, you can
understand how quickly your entiro body is affected, and how
every or£an seems to fail to do its duty. .
1« you are sick or "feel badly." bsgin taking the new dis-
covery, Dp. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, because as soon as your kid-
neys are well they will help all the other organs to health. A
trial will convince any one*
DON'T NEGLECT
YODR KIDNEYS.
GRAVE CHARGES
MADE AGAINST
HUMPHRIES
Alleged That He Was an
Embezzler and Brawler
in Arizona.
Since leaving That Territory He Has
Been in Honolulu and Now
Aspires to the Supreme
Bench.
<
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TUCSON, Ariz., April IL— Abraham S.
Humphries of Honolulu, Hawaii, formerly
a resident of Arizona; a native of Missis
sippi, is a candidate for appointment on
the Supreme bench of Hawaii. Humphries
left Arizona about five years ago and
went direct to Honolulu. He married an
heiress, and it is said he has gained dis
tinction in hla profession. His candidacy
for judgeshlp, announced here yesterday,
caused much acrimonious comment on ac
count of the unfortunate reputation he
gained for himself while practicing law
at Phoenix and Florence.
W. F. Cooper, District Attorney of Pima
County, has sent serious charges against
Humphries to Washington, among others
that he embezzled large sums of Insurance
money from two widows, paid by the
Ancient Order United Workmen on ac
count of death of their, husbands. This
was at Florence, where.. when he left, he
stated he was going to Prescott and would
return in a few days, but went right
through to Honolulu, where he has slnco
been. A number of creditors at Florence
mourned his loss. The charges also al
lege that Humphries has been placed un
der arrest at Phoenix on a charge of com
plicity in procuring a criminal operation
on a woman named White. A mob threat
ened summary punishment, but he es
caped. The next day he got Into a street
shooting scrape with P. Minor over the
matter and several shots were ex
changed.
At Florence, it is alleged, Humphries got
into several disgraceful fights, in one of
which he attacked an old man named Gil
bert with a knife, cutting him badly.
Those most intimately acquainted with
Humphries state he was betimes men
tally unbalanced, which accounted for his
peculiar and erratic conduct. His aspira
tions to the Supreme bench have caused
many to take active interest in the mat
ter here.
SAW THREE
DEAD BODIES OEF
POINT ARENA
Officer of the Arethusa
Think Vessel Wrecked
in That Vicinity.
*
B«port That the Boilers of the War
spite Were Injured and She
Would Be Obliged to Go
Home Untrue.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA. B. C. April 11.— H. M. S.
Arethusa arrived at Esquimalt to-night
from England to replace the Amphion on
this station. Her officers reported en
countering- a very severe gale between
Monterey and Mendocino about a week
ago. The warship was all battened down
end she had to lie-to for hours.
On the 7th she passed three dead bodies
peen floating in the high sea but a few
yards from the vessel, and afterward s,he
pawed through a quantity of lumber and
wreckage. It was not identified. The
bodies were s>een floating Just below Point
Arena end were evidently those of sail
ors, for they were dressed in long rubber
boots nnd oilskins and two of them still
ha 4 their sou'westers strapped • around
their chins. A number of sealing schoon
ers we«> seen above Cape Blanco.
The pale encountered by the warship
was not the only on© in which she was
caught, for when nearlng the Straits of
Magellan she carried away her bowsprit.
The flagship Warspite was met at Co-
QUimbo. and it was then found that th*
report that her boilers were injured and
ghe was to return home was untrue. Offi
cers report the insurgents as getting the
be?t of the revolution in Colombia.
Men's $3 calf shoes'for $2 a pair at;the
Bee Hive Shoe Co., 717, Market,; near 3d.*
MELBOURNE M'DOWELL AND
BLANCHE WALSH QUARREL
Actor Takes to the Flowing Bowl and
»All but v Falls Stupefied on the
x Stage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, April 11. — Melbourne McDowell
has been playing Marc Antony to Blanche
Walsh's "Cleopatra" at Boyd's Theater.
Monday night after the play they are 6ald
to have had -a genuine lover's quarrel
McDowell being desperately in love with
Miss Walsh, who does not reciprocate She
declined to stop longer at the hotel and
ordering a cab took her light luggage and
went post haste to another hotel. , Mc-
Dowell became despondent and sought to
drown his troubles in the flowing bowl.
This " conduct had a depressing effect
upon his part -.of the performance last
night. After forgetting his lines more or
less through five acts he was saved from
an .embarrassing nnale by Miss Walsh
who supported him when he persisted in
falling to the floor, dead to the world.
Ben Stern, the manager, says Miss Walsh
is in no wise to blame and has no expla
nation to offer.' McDowell will not talk
about It.
Accidentally Shot.
WESTPORT, . April 11.— Elmer Shelton.
an 11-year-old youth, was accidentally
killed to-day." He had been but, hunting
with a small caliber rifle and stopped at
tho roadside to talk *to some - men. ? He
rested the stock of the gun on the ground
and held the muzzle in his hand. : The
gun was cocked and the trigger caught on
a twig as the boy moved, exploding the
cartridge. The bullet entered young
Shelton's temple and lodged in his brain.
HEADACHE,
CONSTIPATION,
LOSS OF APPETITE
Hudyan Cures.
«. Tfie three_condi-
v *s| \ tions men tioned-
2KWa \ above are usually
/SSfSjl \ associated and de-
• l iP"; .KT-SJ ment of stomach,
?tZ-'S' \\'£/tt}?ii£ l'v p r or nervous
S> HUD"taN af-
v-s»j!**fc' f or<ls prompt^ re-
sj^fr*??.* -trJT;%c£'^:- establishes per-
J^^%^^^{-^,^ perfect activity of
£;£?"* ' "T^* TV" liver and creates
'{!%? * \ -/-~^r* "^*4i strong, heal thy
3§r ¦* \ / SV •s « nervefc.
£t!5 • ** -^t HUDYAN euros
\^cJj, «,r«™ all such vreak-
Xwa R \ ~3>j£3 _£*5 nesses as indicat-
Sf^i^**_ V^«y<l^i ed b >' the num-
fia^&V'. 2~?Vfi - "i* bcrs - Women and
e» ~^K~'> r &>*J.A '\t mfn who aro P al *
55 '"FA USAAffIf or fallow, cmacl-
VV^wWfeSf X§ at<?d or nervous.
i'W.WN/s ¦4*X <$ should takr HUD-
*i£ f M / &3vd'Z' > VAX - v hu v yan :
' l'k£s&<^Y^\ \ ? brinss tho glow of
fMK& «J?"vS lessneßS, ' hagpard
ng&AW&.mApi Ub muscles, Renerai
flfir a V weakness and aJl-
' str<> n*fth and a p"r-
>ffi?J%fiVy<fty*y fVot relief from
**~ * such pains and
miseries.
HUDYAN acts gently yet effectively
upon the fiver.
fiFT HIIDYA'i fr8 7 rour druretst. we a
UCI llUyiAtl pacJcnr*. «ix packages for
12 50. If your druKK'st do*g not keep it e*nd
Clrect to the-HUDTAN REMEDY CO.. cornet
Stockton. EIIU and Market streets. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
•»____,__ of tbe Hudyan Renjcdy
nnPTHR^ Co. may be consulted
] UUL 1 UrlO I by letter or !i) person.
? ? Write your s/mptoros.
SEXD FOU CIRCULARS ANP TESTIMO-
NIALS OF THE GREAT HUDTAN, FREE.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice Department Establishes a
Rural Free Delivery System
at Fresno.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The case of
Receiver Smith of the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad Company against Truman
Reeves, *s State Treasurer of California,
in which Attorney General Ford will ap
pear as counsel for the State, did not come
up in the Supreme Court to-day, as was
expected. It probably will, bo called to
morrow or Friday.
Pensions for Calif ornians: Original-
George E. McPherson, San Francisco, $12.
Increase— Allen Cunningham Pasadena, $6
to $8; W. Marcus, Lookout, $8 to $8.
Original widows, etc.— Minor of Albert
Campbell, San Diego, $10. Original wid
ows, etc. (special March 30)— Mary A. Hor
ton, Santa Cruz, $8. Mexican war sur
vivors, increase— Jonathan McConnell,
Veterans' Home, Napa, $8 to $12. War
with Spain, original (special March 30)—
John W. Slade, San Francisco, $30.
Washington— lncrease— William H. Lord,
Tolt, $6 to $10; Adolphus Payette, Aber
deen, $8 to $S. Original 'widows (special
March 20)— J. Adams, Carroltton > $12.
Oregon— lncreare — Burkhart Youngable,
Lewisville. t6 to $8.
Major William F. Tucker,* paymaster.
United States army" has been ordered to
Seattle, Wash., as chief paymaster of the
Department of Alaska.
Rural free delivery service will be es
tablished on May 1 at Fresno,' with three
carriers, covering an area of sixty square
miles and Fervlnp a population of 2GOO.
The gross receipts of the San Francisco
postofllce for March were $92,145, a de
crease of $3450 ns compared with March,
1599. The Los Angeles receipts were $21,
927 for March, an increase of JI42C over
March, 1599. ¦ ' "
REV. N. A. HASKELL RESIGNS.
Split Threatened in th» First Uni
tarian Church of . San Jose.
Special Dlfpatch to The Can.
SAN JOSE, April 11.— The dissatisfac
tion which has existed f »r some time in
tho congregation of the First Unitarian
Church of this city has resulted In a;va
cancy in the pulpit. At the annual meet
ing last evening there was such an'oppo
sition to Rev. N. A. Haskell that he was
not re-elected pastor for the ensuing
year. . ¦ •¦¦•¦•¦
For the last twelve years Rev. Mr. Has
kell has been pastor of the church. Dur
ing the past twelve mefnths the cbngse
gatiort haa become divided, many think
ing the pastor .was not Bodable : enough.
No successor to the pulpit has boon elect
ed, but the trustees nave been empowered
to fill the pulpit from Sunday to Sunday
until a position.be regularly flljed. Thero
are threats of . some of the congregation
resigning because of the . removal of Mr.
Haskell. • - •
Owing to the congestion and the difficulty
of unloading and setting up quantities of
articles in their proper places things wera
so bad that he would not trust himself to
discuss the matter. His railway would be
a loser, as people were not likely to come
in large numbers until certain of some
thing to see. He jfave his opinion that in
the month of June visitors would flock to
the capital in a vast crush, but was not
sanguine of much railway traffic before
that.
KING LEOPOLD'S GENEROSITY.
Gives the Whole of His Heal Estate
to the Belgian Nation.
BRUSSELS, April IL— ln the Chamber
of Deputies, to-day the Premier M. da
Smet de Nair read a communication from
King Leopold in -which the King pre
sented to the nation tho whole of his
real estate. Prolonged cheering greeted
the reading of this document.
PARIS EXPOSITION NOT
YET READY TO OPEN
Its State of Unpreparedness Will
Cause Tourists to Remain Away
for a Time,
Special cable to The Call and Jfew York Her
ald. Copyright. 19C0. by th« Herald Pub
lishing Company.
PARIS, April 11.— Although the opening
of the exposition is fixed, so far as formal
ceremony is concerned, grave doubts are
entertained whether things will be In
readiness for the people to see much until
considerably later. A prominent railway
official paid yesterday that the railways
were quite embarrassed in consequence of
goods destined for the exposition not be
ing taken away to the grounds. Rolling
stock is constantly required to transport
goods to Paris, but not much is available.
evidence that your kidneys and bladder
need immediate attention.
Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
the eminent kidney specialist. Dr. Kil-
mer, and is used in the leading hos-
pitals, recommended by skillful physi-
cians in their private practice and is
taken by doctors themselves who have
kidney ailments, because they recog-
nize in it the greatest and most suc-
cessful remedy for kidney and bladder
troubles that science has ever been able
to compound.
If you have the slightest syraptoma
of kidney or bladder trouble, or if there
is a trace of It in your family history,
send at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bing-
hamton. N. T., who will gladly send you
by mail immediately, without cost to
you, a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
and a book containing many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimo-
nial letters received from sufferera
cured. Be sure to say that you read
this generous offer in th» San Francisco
Daily Call.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
is for sale the world over at druggists
in bottles of two sizes and two prices^ —
50 cents and JL Remember the- name.
Swamp-Root, and the address, Bing-
hamjon. N. Y.
The mild and immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp- Root, the great kidney
remedy, is soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases. Swamp-Root
will set, your whole system right, and
the beat' proof erf this is a trial.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re»
sponsible for. more sickness and suffer-
ing than any other disease, and if per-
mitted to continue fatal results are
sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates
the nerves, makes you diziy, restless,
sleepless and irritable. Makes you pass
water often during: the day and oblige«>
you to get up many times during the
night. Causes puffy or dark circles un-
der the eyes, rheumatism, gravel, ca-
tarrh of the bladder, pain or dull ache
in the back, joints and muscles, makes
your head ache and back ache, causes
indigestion, stomach and liver trouble;
you get a sallow, yellow complexion;
makes you feel as though you had
heart trouble; you may have plenty of
ambition, but no strength; get weak
and waste away.
If your ¦\vatet when allowed to remain
undisturbed In a glass or .bottle for
twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
settling or has a cloudy appearance, or
if small particles float about in it. it is
BAD DAY FOR
JOBBERS OF THE
MIDDLE WEST
Hearing of Testimony Be
fore Commerce Commis
sion Concluded.
Cross-Examination by Attorney Pills
bury Shows That Consumers Are
Never Benefited by
Differentials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, April 11.— The hearing of
testimony by the Interstate Commerce
Commission in the contest between the
Middle West and the Pacific Coast Job
bers was finished here to-day. Six prom
inent merchants representing the Jobbing
and the retail business of the Nbrthwest
finished the case of the Pacific Coast,
which has been partly put in at hearings
given in Los Angeles and San Francisco.
The commission did not fix the date of
the next session, but intimated that it
would be In Washington In the near fu
ture, when oral arguments by both In
terests would be heard. The commission
also announced that, although the case
was all in, if additional evidence was at
hand at the time for argument or other
interests desired' to be heard on the sub
ject, the commissioners would gladly ac
commodate all.
By far the most Important witness from
the Northwest was J. S. Goldsmith of
Seattle. He made out a stronger case
against the Middle West Jobbers than any
other witness appearing before the com
mission in Portland. Mr. Goldsmith gave
facts and figures to establish beyond all
reasonable doubt that the competition of
STANFORD
HAPPENINGS
Special Dispatch to The CalL
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April li—
A pleasant, literary and musleal recital
was given In the assembly hall last even-
Ing by Leo Cooper, elocutionist, and Henri
Falrweather, vocalist, assisted by Miss
May Sullivan.
Manager Decoto and Captain Drum of
the Berkeley track teajn were on the
campus yesterday looking over Stanford's
track and field preparatory to the Inter
collegiate field day, which will be held
here April 21. A provisional list of officials
for the day was decided upon, and the se
lections will be made public as soon as
acceptances from those chosen are re
ceived.
A complete set of English law reports
has arrived and is being placed on the
shelves of the law library.
Miss Taylor, general secretary df the
National Young Women's Christian Asso
ciation, addressed the Christian societies
of the university to-day.
A memdrial plate In honor of the Stan
ford students who volunteered for service
fn the late war has been ordered by th<e
Associated Students find will be given a
place in the arcade beside the class plates.
The tennis tournament to select Stan
ford's representatives in t the i Intercolle
giate contest will be held Jaturday morn
ing. Hardy '02 and White '03 are consid
ered certain ties for the doubles, while
Baker '03 and Roth '03 will compete for a
place in the singles.
A book of Stanford fiction, portraying
early life at the university, written by C.
K. Field "95 and W. 11. Irwin '89, is now
being published and will be received from
the press early next month. The work is
entitled "Stanford Stories," and is cre
ating much attention, as It is the first bit
6f college fiction from a Western univer
sity. *
A basket-ball game will be plßyed be
tween the Ellsworth team of Berkeley
and the Palo Alto team on the Castllleja
grounds In Palo Alto next Saturday morn
ing. The game is of interest in college
circles, masmuch as the teams are com
posed exclusively of young ladles who at
tend the two big colleges. They have no
official connection with the universities,
however, as the Stanford faculty has ex
cluded the game from Its list of athletic
contests.
CLARK WILL RESIGN
FROM THE SENATE
Millionaire Hopes to Delay His Going
Until the End of the Present
Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April v - 11.— Senator
Clark's seat in the Senate-will become va
cant by resignation, and not by vote. The
present programme contemplates a delay
In final action in the Clark case until the
eve of adjournment, when. Just before
action Is likely to be taken. Senator Clerk
will present his resignation to the Gov
ernor of Montana. Should he resign at
the present time the Governor of Mon
tana would Immediately appoint an anti-
Clark man, and this Mr. Clark hopes to
avoid by having his friends in the Senate
antagonize any effort for . immediate ac
tion. .!¦.;.
Senator Clark has been In consultation
with several of his closest friends in the
Senate to-day for the purpose of deciding
upon a plan of action for staving off a
final vote. "With appropriation bills
crowding for action and other pending
business It will require only a few
speeches to be made at opportune times to
keep the Clark case dragging along in
definitely.' Of course. If a vote should be
precipitated there is no doubt Mr. Clark's
seat will be declared vacant by an over
whelming majority.
FINED FOB KILLING GULLS.
Active Crusade to Be Begun Against
Offenders on the Marin Shore.
Special Dlipatch to Th« Call.
SAUSAL.ITO, April 11.— Dr. C. B. Case,
secretary of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty of Animals, is making an
active crusade against the hunters who
daughter the seagulls which abound here.
Henry Auch, an old offender in this way.
was arrested to-day and having pleaded
guilty, was fined $20. Dr. Case states that
the birds are of great value as scavengers,
and are of valuable assistance to the mu
nicipality in keeping the beach free or
garbage, but the raids of hunters have
thinned their ranks till their utility re
cently is greatly diminished.
CHICO. April IL— The funeral of Gen
eral John Bidwell, which took place
at 3 o'clock this afternoon, was at
tended by fully 2000 people. Delega
tions were present from Yuba, Sut
ter, Colusa. Glenn and Tehama counties.
Business in all branches of trade was sus
pended during the afternoon, and the nor
mal and public schools were closed. Com
pany A, National Guard of California;
the Grand Army Veterans; Chico Parlor,
Native Sons of the Golden "West; the
Residence of the Late General John Bidwell.
"Women's Christian Temperance Union,
and the Chico Fire Department attended
in a body, led by the Eighth Regiment
band. The services were conducted on the
veranda of the mansion.
Rev. W. G. "White of Chlco, Rev. Dr.
Willey of Oakland and Henry French of
San Jose took part in the services. Al
though a drizzling rain was falling all in
attendance stood throughout the service.
One feature of the service was. the sing-
Ing of the Indian choir, made up of In- |
HURLED TWENTY FEET AND
ONLY SLIGHTLY BRUISED
Miraculous Zscaps of John Marquise,
Whose Wagon Was Strtick
by a Train.
Fpertßl r>!srateh to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL.. April U.^John Mar
quise, a driver employed by Iy?pag:e & Le
blanch*. vrho operate a French laundry
fcere. has a mlraruloup escape from being
flashed to piece* by an incoming train at
12 o'clock to-day. Marquise was driving
across the tracks at B street just above
the narrow-paupre depot when the 11
o'clock train from the city dashed round
the curve which conceals the upper
stretch of the track from view and struck
the wagon with terrific force. Horse,
driver and vehicle were hurled through
fpace and struck the road twenty feet
from the tracks. The wagon was smashed
to fplinters.
Constable "William Treanor. who was
standing- on the corner, ran to the wreck
rxpectine to fir.d Marquise dead, but was
f urprised to discover the man only slight
ly bruised and cut. The horse was bo
badly injured that it was afterward shot
by Constable George Agnew.
Marquise has taken to his bed on his
physician's advice, but states that he feels
rone the worse for his experience, a few
cuts about the head being the only vis
lYt\p Klpns of the accident.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP-BOOT.
Thousands of People Attended the Service and
Children Scattered Flowers Along the
Road to the Grave, .'
REMAINS OF GENERAL BIDWELL
LAID TO REST AT CHICO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APREL 12, 1900.
Weak Kidneys Caused by Overwork,
by Lifting or a Strain.
1 wiiim ' Mpwmmm
'• 111 B|»iiS
111 I^B^W
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
Will Do for You, Every Reader of the " Call " May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
B Jill Ihf'^l^ lilillk •¦ niGQSiiP© i
g"" 1 " — rf I j?i I i?|is! I |\r^ B slll^ face the I**have1 ** have *«• i\
H FUJI ¦-• ! 'fl 1 ! I'll' i l| i * =a:^ti' orec * in tlie mosta PPro v ed'man-. M
m I Hi 111 !Ihi n I 11 1 H ncr « We will show you innu- ii
I lillllllli.. lißlUlillßll/ H merable cloths to select from, In y
England's Armored Trains.
The magnificent armoped trains used by Eng
land in her war with the ' Boers ¦will trans
port her troops, protect bridges and telegraphic
communications , In about the same war .that
Hoetetter's Stomach Dltters ' drives dyspepsia
from the - human , stomach and - then mounts
gruard that It does not return. ¦ The Dltters haa
won' in every case of Indication, biliousness,
liver and kidney : trouble • for the , past fifty
years. It Is Invaluable at all times. -
3• 'Pale, Sickly, Careworn, Discouraged Women
and Men. No Need for This. ' Read Wtiat
Grateful People Say. We Give Full Names
and Addresses. Write the People.
MRS, HINDS CURED.
I feel that it Is my duty to you and the
many sick and suffering in our State to
let them know what your wonderful med-
icine did for me. I am now &8 years old.
and have lived in Los Angeles for many
years and am well now. 1 have suffered
a number of years M'ith rheumatism and
stomach troubles in their. worst form. Had
tried many remedies without any benefit,
when a neighbor of mine, Mr. E. A. Fore-
man, brought me a bottle of Electrozone
and told me it would cure me if I took it
according to directions. I commenced to
Improve from the first day's use. I have
taken the one bottle, the naJns are all
gone and my stomacn troubles have all
disappeared. I cat whatever I pleaso with
Impunity, sleep well and walk long dis-
tances without fatigue. I fail to find words
in which to oxpress my. gratefulness to
you for what your medicine has done for
me. You may refer any one to me for
proof of the above, being ever grateful ta
you and Mr. Foreman for the benefit re-
ceived. Yours truly, MRS. M. A. HINDS,
413 Darwin Avenue, Los Angeles.
MRS. ASKAY CURED. $
I have- feared paralysis; I would feel
nervous, dizzy, have headache and a
numb feeling all over me, and at times be
completely prostrated. I tried medicine
and doctors, but found little relief until
I was advised to try Electrozone. Before
I finished the first bottle I felt a great
improvement, end continued, until now I
am in perfect health. In all I have used
three bottles. I write this for the benefit
of any woman who suffers with such ail-
ments peculiar to our sex. I would not be
without this medicine. Yours respectfully,
MRS. ALIDA C. G. ASKAY.
418V4 South Grand Avenue, Los Angeles.
Subscribed and Bworn to before me this
ISth day of May, 1899. T. M. KILLIAN,
Notary Public in and for the County of
Los Angeles, State of California.
: i MISS LAURA GLOVER,
VICTORIA, B. C.
Electrozone cured my rheumatism. It
Is a good remedy. LAURA GLOVER.
MRS. WALLACE CURED.
To whom this may concern: I suffered
for years with rheumatism In Its worst
form— almost given up in despair, when I
began to take Electrozone. I am now
well. I recommend Electrozone to all my
friends, as Electrozone cured me.
MRS. WALLACE.
320 Pike street, Seattle.
MRS, TAYLOR CURED.
I suffered thirty years with rheumatism
and stomach trouble. Electrozone cured
me. MRS. C. S. TAYLOR.
1732 First avenue.
\\\A\\\\W\
EASTER SUNDAY
Is the day above all others when a
man feels compelled to look his best
and have his attire fresh and faultless,
especially his linen. Bring your linen
or colored shirts, collars and cuffs to us.
and they will do you proud on Easter
Sunday, as they will look as fresh and
beautiful in color as if bought new.
United Statoi Laundry. Offlo*
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St
Since the annual meeting of the asso
ciation, when it was definitely decided to
raise tho dups 50 per cent for the mainte
nance of the club, the association has rap-
Idly Increased its membership and the to
tal is now about 500. For three years the
project has had stout advocates. Imme
diately after the annual meeting of the
association the committee began to rustle.
They got out a book, filled from one cover
to the other with paying advertisements.
They saw all the wholesale merchants of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\ "The American
Porter" is without
freshing beverage,
and superior to the best English
brands of Porter, Stout or 'alf and
'alf, being more mellow and pleas-
ing. The one perfect American
Porter. Prepared by f
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass n
St. Louis. U. S. A. _ .
Brewers of the Original Budweiser, Faust, Michelob, Anheuser-Standard,
/Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Black and Tan, Exquisite and Alau-Nutnnc.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
. UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMANN. Napa SoJa Springs P. O.
PINE KNOB RESORT. cSy F ctt PUcer
Elevation JBOO feet; diUschtful climate. b«»u-
tlful scenery and flna drives. Hunting: and
Cshtng; pleasant, walks. .Rates, *S .and $10 a
week. Bend for circular. L li. McKIM. Proa.
DON'T FORGET
ELECTEOZOftE
LAUREL DELL
LAKE.
Th« most attractive place In Laki» County to
spend youf vncatlcn. I Bcatlnc, bathlns. bowl-
tnjsr. tenals. livery, new walk", etc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
Laurel Dell. Lake County.' Cal.
Your Electrozone has done me more
good than some $1600 I have in Los An-
geles spent during ; the past three years
for. medical attendance. My rheumatism
has. entirely gone and the stomach ; diffi-
culty also.. I can now eat without distress
food that during >the past seven years I
lave not been able to touch. I sleep sound
the entire . night. I herewith grant the
Electrozone Manufacturing Company the
privilege to' use the above statement and
my picture as they deem best. ?-:
JOHN CAMPBELL, Lancaster, Cal.
Sworn to and subscribed before me this
18th day of May. 1899. •
THOMAS KILLIAN,
Notary Public in and for the County of
.«¦•¦» Angeles, State of California. ¦
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands ot
cures of Kheumatlsra, Gout. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning Liver and Kidney Diseases, Neural.
gla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages renovated.
Bathe refitted -and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and flsh-
ir.R. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rent and
recreation. Kates. $12 to $H per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 8. F., 9 a.
m. and 2:43 p. m. dally. Carriages at OHroy
for springs. For Hlu»tratPd pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
JOHN CAMPBELL.
A LAUNDRYMAN,
A driver of the Model Laundry, living at
601 Harrison street. Seattle, writes: Elec-
trozone cured my rheumatism. It does all
that is claimed for It.
HERMAN ANDERSON.
A CONDUCTOR CURED.
TASADENA, Cal., May 20. 1899.
After repeated efforts for relief through
the assistance of physicians and well-
known remedies of a serious stomach and
kidney trouble, produced by' a railroad
Hfe, was induced to try, Electrozone. The
first bottle did me more good than pre-
vious months of doctoring, and consider
the second and last one has entirely re-
lieved me of all troubles. I strongly rec-
ommend Its use to any one "engaged In a
railroad occupation that requires constant
traveling. Yours very truly.
i. T. ORR,
Conductor No. 1, L. A. .T. Line, for threo
I years. .
AN ENGINEER CURED.
SEATTLE, "Wash., Jan. 12, 1900.
This Is to certify that In November, 1899,
I commenced to take Electrozone for se-
rious stomach trouble that caused me
much suffering for years, during which
time I spent hundreds of dollars for relief,
with no results. To my surprise, one bot-
tle of Electrozone cured me. You may use
this aa you see fit. Yours truly, ',
N. T.LAMPHERB,
1732 Western avenue.
wtxl positively, quickly
and pebmanenttly cube any
case of bheumatism, kidney,
stomach ob, bladdeb ail-
ment, catabbh, and axl dis-
eases abising fbom 'impure
blood; electbozone is cubing
OTHERS. ELECTBOZONE , WILL
CUBE YOU. GET IT THIS DAY.
ALL DRUG STOBES. IF YOUB
DBUGGIST WON'T GET ELECTBO-
ZONE PBEPABATIONS FOB YOU,
SEND DIBECT TO THE ELECTBO-
ZONE MFG. CO., SAN FRANCISCO.
PBICE $1.00 A BOTTLR SEND
FOR PAMPHLET. '
A Man's Advice to His Friends.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PASO
ROBLES
Hot Sulphur Springs.
OTTO B. NEVER, Proprietor.
ONE OF THE MOST NOTED MINERAL
kprlng resorts and sanitariums In America,
Ope-, all the year round. Marvelous cures of
rheumatism, blood, liver, kidney and stomach
disorders. Famous mud and cand baths. Ele-
gant hotel accommodations. Rates. Including
board, lodging, use of baths and advice of,
resident physician. ITO to KS.
Special Round-Trip Rebate Tickets.
FRANK W. ELT. City Agent.
Tel. Main 1049. No. 649 Market st.. 9. F.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARREN. Mirra.
Swlmml'ns Tanks. Bowling Alleys. Croquet
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Batb3. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dogs. Experienced Guides.
GEO. W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
Fisherman (so many years at Bartlett) will ba
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Resident Physician. Advice Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty of Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTT.
Dancing In Ballroom every evening; George
W. Watson. Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINK IN LAKE COUNTT.
Address HIGHLAND SPRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 316 Montgomery street.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth and Webster streets, Oakland;
AHRENS. PEIN & BULLWINKLE. 620 Post
street, San Francisco.
Unity's Anniversary.
Unity Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen gave an entertainment
©n Tuesday in thr> Shiels building to cele
brate the twenty-second anniversary of
the institution of the lodge. The hall
was crowded with members and ladles
who were entertained with a brief history
of the lodge by Master Workman Levy,
and a programme of song and literary
numbers by Misees Belma and Bertha
Riese, fiam Booth and W. H. Barnes.
After the programme ice cream and cakes
were served to all. There was dancing
until midnight.
Men's calf shoes worth $3 for $1 25 a pair
at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market Bt. •
rl >j
Xsb^aSO MARKET ST. S.F.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
CLAIMED SOME ONE
WAS PURSUING HIM
Well-Dressed Stranger Frightens a
Landlady — Sent to the Hospital
for Investigation.
Shortly after 10 o'clock last night a well
dressed man rushed into the lodging
house at CM Fourth street, kept by /a
Mrs. Miller, and excitedly exclaimed:
"They're after me! Give me a room, so
that I can hide!*" fit.
He then handed the landlady a twenty
dollar gold piece and told her to hurry
and give him the change bo that he could
pet out of sight. Mrs. Miller, fearing that
her, guest intended doing himself bodily
harm, asked if he contemplated suicide.
Although he assured her that he did
not she went out and hunted up Police
man Esola and told him of the occur
rence. The officer returned to the lodg
lr.g-houso and took the man into custody
and placed him in the insane ward of the
Iteceiving Hospital for further investiga
tion.
The stranger refused, to give his name
or any explanation for Ms conduct. When
$150 was found on him. It was
in an old tobacco pouch. -A small sum in
Fiiver and a gold watch and chain were
also taken from him for safekeeping. It
is thought he arrived on one of the late
trains from San Jose or vicinity. He is
well dressed, but has the air of one who
has been in the country. He is about 50
jears old and clean shaven.
Spoke on Social Evils.
The liberty Branch of the Social Dem
ocratic party held its weekly meeting last
night In the Turk street temple. Miss
Nicholson, the speaker of the evening,
addressed the large audience on the sub
ject of social evils and reforms and what
was needed to improve them.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Specialists for Men.
Goqd=Lookin£
Eye=Glasses
That stay on without discomfort. Cost the same
as others that pinch. Ask your friends who
wear onrs.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 19.
642 Market St, "i»trumehtj
CONFERENCE ON
THE SUBJECT OF
OPEN PRIMARIES
Meeting of Fourth and Fifth
District Republican Com
mittees.
Representatives of the Fourth Dis
trict Oppose the Scheme of Ap
pointments — Objection to
Primaries.
A joint meeting of sub-committees rep
resenting the Fourth and Fifth Repub- i
lican Congressional District committees
took place last evening at the Palace Ho
tel, and views were freely interchanged
regarding the manner of choosing dele
gates to the respective district conven
tions. The Fourth District was^repre
eented by Joseph Spear Jr., P. H?*Pren
dergast. Dr. P. A. Kearney and Archibald
Barnard. The representatives of the
Fifth were Max Goldbtrg, J. Alva Watt,
W. H. Cobb and Frank French. Shortly
after the discussion began it became ob
vious that the committeemen of the
Fourth had resolved to hold open prima
ries in that district, and it also became
apparent that the representatives of the
Fifth were bent on presenting as many
obstacles as could be devised against the
adoption of the primary plan.
Joseph Spear, as chairman of the con
ference, stated the object of the meeting.
Mr. Prendergast without hesitation as
serted that the Republicans of the Fourth
District were opposed to the system of
appointing delegates and favored an open
primary wherein a fair expression of the
will of the people could be obtained.
J. Alva Watt inquired whether the com
mitteemen of the Fourth had any detailed
plan to submit and was informed that
no plan was contemplated other than that
which had always been sanctioned by the
party in San Francisco.
Mr Watt desired to know If Mr. Pren
dergast had made any figures on appor
tionment. A production ot exhibits in this
respect proved that both Watt and Pren
dergast had figures. The calculations of
the former were that San Francisco was
entitled to 112 delegates, based on the
number of votes cast for Gage. In the
seven Assembly districts of the Fifth
Congressional District in the city of San
Francisco 14,053 votes were cast for Gage.
In the entire Fourth Congressional Dis
trict, or eleven Assembly districts, the
vote for Gage was 14.1G3. It was therefore
figured by Watt and Max Goldberg that
the Fifth District territory in San Fran
cisco was entitled to 56 votes, or one-half
the city representation. Mr. Prendergast
produced figures of representation by As
sembly districts." The districts in the
Fifth were entitled to delegates aa fol
lows:
Thirty-fourth Assembly District i
Thirty-fifth Assembly District. B
Thlrty-Blxth Assembly District 7
Thirty-seventh Assembly Dl*trict i
Thlrty-eiehth Assembly District.... 7
Fortieth Assembly District <
Forty-first Assembly District o
*»7
One at largw from each Assembly District... _ 7
Total • 64
The districts In the Fourth were en
titled to delegates as follows:
Twenty-eighth Assembly District 4
Twenty-ninth Assembly District 4
Thirtieth Assembly District... 4
Thirty-first Assembly District.. 4
Thirty-second Assembly DUtrict , £
Thirty-third Assembly District 6
Thirty-ninth Assembly District «
Forty-second Assembly District 5
Forty-third Assembly District 4
Forty-fourth Assembly District j>
Forty-fifth Assembly District _3
47
One at large from each district
• Total M
The apportionment thus disclosed was
go manifestly fair and Just that Messrs.
Goldberg. Watt. French and Cobb found
no fault whatever with the representation
accorded to the Fifth. In addition to the
flfty-four delegates in San Francisco, the
districts in Santa Clara and San.Mateo
counties will be represented. Mr. Watt
moved that the sub-committee report to
the general committee in favor of accept
ing the apportionment, and the motion
prevailed. «...
Mr Prendergast inquired: "Now, when
and how shall we elect the delegates?"
Mr. Spear remarked that he had heard
from many Republicans and the expres
sion was in favor of open primaries.
Mr. Prendergaßt said the Fourth Dis
trict committee had adopted a resolution
in favor of primaries, and a meeting had
been called for Friday night of this week
to complete arrangements. He hoped
that the Fifth District would hold pri
maries on the same day that the election
was held in the Fourth.
Mr. Watt insisted on knowing all about
the details of the proposed primary in
the Fourth. He remarked that the old
Porter primary law had been repealed,
and, therefore, the election would' not
have the protection of the law. He re
gretted that Mr. Prendergast was not
able to present the scheme in detail.
Mr. Prendergast replied that there were
i no details to arrange beyond the naming
of the time of holding the primary and
the apportionment of inspectors .of elec
tion. He had an idea that April 25 would
be about the right time. :
Max Goldberg, chairman of the commit
tee of the Fifth, said his associates had
not discussed the matter. All that they
could do at present was to listen. Mr.
Goliberg was particularly anxious to
know if the County Committee was to
have a voice in the management of the
primaries. He said that Mr. Bouvier had
been to see him ajid given notice that the
County Committee would demand repre
sentation on every election board. He
feared that harmony would not be sr»-<
moted by such a primary, election. Mr.
Goldberg said thnt he was not committed
to the system of appointing delegates.
The representatives of ihe Fourth Dis
trict maintained thai the duty of appoint
ing election officers devolved upon the
Congressional committee and could not be
delegated to any other committee.
Many inquiries were made regarding the
probable expense of holding primaries.
Dangers of ignoring the County Commit
tee were dwelt upon. Mr. Cobb feared
that a primary would introduce a three
ring circus. Allusion was made to the
fact that the Democrats frequently cre
ated conventions by appointment. Mr.
Prendergast remarked that Democrats
could do any kind of raw work and the
party followers would submit. It was
different with Republicans. They would
not submit to usurpation of power by a
committee.
Mr. Cobb declared that he had heard no
demand for a primary election. Mr. Watt
also said that he had not heard of any
Republican that wanted a piimary elec
tion.
Frank French vigorously opposed the
old-fashioned ballot-box-Btutling primar
ies, and gave notice that he would call a
meeting of the club of his district.
Archibald Barnard was positive that the
people were in favor of the primary plan.
The fact that the. law sanctioned- the
principle of primary election proved that
the people favored the plan.
Mr. Spear inquired if any committee
man had heard expressions in favor of
appointing delegates. When pressed to
the point members of the Fifth District
committee would not acknowledge that
they were in favor of appointment, but
they expressed regret that a definite plan
for the control of the proposed primaries
had not been presented by the commtttee
men of the Fourth District.
Mr. Goldberg's main objection to pri
maries grew out of the apprehension that
the County Committee would be Ignored.
After further discussion it was decided
to defer action until Friday of next week.
In the meantime a meeting of the entire
Fifth District Congressional Committee
will be called. Later on J. Alva Watt
may hear from some of the Republicans
of the district.
WILL GO TO LOS ANGELES.
Delegates Elected to Convention of
State League of Republican
Clubs.
An enthusiastic meeting of the German-
American Republican Club was held Tues
day night at the Golden West Hotel, Cap
tain Robert Wieneke presiding. The prin
cipal business transacted was election of
delegates to the convention of the State
League of Republican Clubs to be held at
Los Angeles on April 27 and 28. The sec
retary announced that there were 784
members on the club rolls and that the
club was entitled to thirty-two delegates.
The following members were duly elected:
John D. Spreckels, delegate at large — Captain
Robert Wieneke. F. : M. Freund, F. H. Maas,
Charles Drescher, Carl W. Mueller, William
I'lagemann, Oscar Tolle, R. Munck, Charles
Bamuels, L.. Pockwltz, George A. Rutz, Fritz
Gprcke, Dr. A. E. Brune, ex-Governor Ed S.
Salomon, Joseph Scheerer, C. n. Rode, John L.
Koster, Fritz Haieemann, William Wankowski.
William Bofren, Henry Raschen, John I-nck
mann, Hon. George H. Hahrs. G. C. Groezlnfjer,
W. R. Joat, Charles A. Zlnkand, John D. Slebe,
PARISHIONERS PREPARE
FOR THEIR EASTER DUTY
Rev. P. C. Yorke Appeals to His Con
gregation to Fight Against the
Flood of Sin.
In addition to the usual solemn services
of holy week at St. Peter's Church, Rev.
P. C. Yorke inaugurated last evening the
first of a series of discourses to assist his
parishioners In preparing for their Easter
duty. His subject was "The Atonement."
Every pew in the church was occupied
and many stood In the slda and rear
aisles. '
The services preceding the address were
extremely impressive. Father Yorke in
his discourse- sought to imprint indelibly
upon the minds of his parishioners the
great duty they owe their God. He said
that while all seemed to appreciate the
goodness and the greatness or the Savior,
few were ready to do him the homage to
which he 1? entitled.
"God is justice," said the speaker. "If
we sin against him he himself cannot
forgive unless we make adequate repara
tion. He hates sin, yet we know he is
filled with love for the sinner. The power
of destruction is in every man's hand: the
power of reparation is no one's but God's,
we are tearing down daily the great
dykes which he has bullded up to keep
back the flood of sin."
This evening the eloquent divine will
take for his subject "The Real Presence."
tho city and found ready assistance in
that quarter. They rounded up the trans
portation companies with as much skill
and vigor as any member has ever ap
plied to the landing of a refractory custo
mer, with the result that they will soon
have a place where they can meet their
friends and entertain them.
The committee having the work In hand
is composed of A. C. Boldemann, B. B.
Galland, A. F. Wheaton, Lee Jacobs, R.
H. Davis and George Shurtleff.
THE Pacific Coast Commercial Trav
elers* Association will within the
next six weeks have established the
first club purely for commercial
travelers to exist on the Pacific
Coast. The necessary money is in sight,
and the location is the principal matter
now under consideration. Secretary A. C.
Boldemann said yesterday that the loca
tion wculd probably be on Kearny, Mont
gomery or Market street; if on Mar
ket street. It would be between Kearny
and Montgomery.
-¦'. • ¦
SOUTH WICK'S
EUREKA
OR
WATERJELLY!
Pure cure for porous or punctured tires. War-
ranted to be superior In every way to anything
ever Invented.
EUREKA Is in use In nearly every shop In
Southern California and in all up-to-date shops
In Ban Francisco and within 50 miles of San
Francisco. Try EUREKA and you will never
be without It. It fills the bill.
i For sale by all up-to-date dealers In large
•and small cans. Cheapest and beet.
THREE MEMBERS OF THE ASSOCIATION'S COMMITTEE WHOSE WORK HAS
MADE ESTABLISHMENT OF THE CLUB POSSIBLE.
HUNTINGTON DECLINES
TO VISIT SAN DIEGO
On Receiving a Formal Invitation
From TJ. S. Grant and G. W.
Mar stem He Pleads Lack
of Time to Go. '
U. S. Grant and G. W. Marston of San
Diego called upon Collis P. Huntlngton
yesterday and in the name of the citizens
of their city invited the Southern Pacific
Company's president to .visit San Dlogo
during his stay in California and to note
its growth and prospects. The people of.
Ban Diego want the railroad extended
into the heart of the city and they believe
that if Iluntington would visit thnt sec
tion he could readily become convinced
that the extension of his road would 'be a
sound business proposition.
Huntington received the delegates pleas
antly, but declined the invitation, on the
ground that his time during hia stay in
Onlltornia would be bo much taken up
with other matters of more importance
to the company, that it would be impos
sible for him to spare the time to go down
to San Diego. Messrs. Grant and Marstort
took the refusal to mean that they can
expect nothing from the Southern Pacific
for th<» present at least. They left for
their home in the south yesterda-y •after
noon, after having been but a few hours
in the city. »
KNIGHTS OF THE GRIP
WILL H AVE THEIR CLUB
SALMON IS NOW
THE MONARCH OF
ALL FOOD FISH
Largely Fed to the; Armies
of England in South '•
Africa.
Germany Is Also a Large Qonsumex
of the Prepared Product — Can
ners Are Paying Higher
Prices Than Ever.
»
The common salmon or commerce if now
a luxury, the prices paid by the packers
on the Sacramento River being higher
than since ISW. In that year the
scarcity of these fiFh. made the prices
po up; but that is not the reason this sea
son. The spring run is good, from all ac
counts, and prompts to hold up; yet the
river canners are paying 5 cents a pound
to the fishers and contracts are made for
ev^ry pound that can be caught. This
rale is being paid by the Sacramento
River packers at Benicia. Vallejo and
Black Diamond, and the new company at
the latter place has gone as high as 6
corns a pound, which is the present price
to the retail trade. In past seasons 3
cents has been the prevailing rate. Yes
terday over SOO QSh were gent to the local
market, which represents but a small por
tion 'of the catch.
There are several reasons for this re
markable rise In prices. First and most
Important is the fact that the people of
the world are recognizing that a better
food fish than the quinnat salmon is hard
to find, and the demand for the canned
article has started up the canneries to
their full capacity all along the coast
Another reason, and one of no little mo
ment. Is that large quantities of canned
salmon are being shipped to England,
which nation has made this one of the
staple articles of food for her army. At
the time of the Spanish-American war the
ciMcers of the army axid navy found that
tbe men could stand any amount of work
if fed on this article, and considerable
was ordered for the United States army.
At the close of that war came the Eng
lish-Boer war. and the demand on the
cannere was greater than ever. Although
great quantities are sent weekly to South
Africa, the supply Is kept up well from
the United States, British Columbia and
Alaska-
There Is still another great consumer of
these ilsh products in the Pacitlc. Ger
many did not take long to conclude that
what is good for the United States and
British armies is good for her troops, and
her purchases are by no means small.
That Germany Is a good- market is shown
by the conduct of the new cannery at
Black Diamond. This institution will not
htart up until the middle of next week.
but it is not letting a pound of fish go by.
All the salmon it can get are being sent
t« Vallejo. where they are put in cold
brine and packed in barrels. These are
being pent to New York and from there to
Europe, Germany being the principal pur
chaser. In that country the salmon Is un
packed and smoked, not only for general
fonpumntion but for the army as welL
Louis Haake. Charles Trautner. 'William
Loewe, D. B. Faktor. ' '
- The v following \ delegates have been
chosen to represent the Veteran Soldiers"
and Sailors' Republican Club at the con
vention: ;
C. Mason KJnne, C. W. Gordon, J. C. Hand
ley, James A. Waymlre, Lovell Howe, Peter
H. Maas, L. D. Olln, J. C. Bolles. J. B. Mul
cahey. -H. L. Barker. L. Washburn and J. A.
Whlteslde. I
At a special meeting of Golden Gate
Republican Club last evening, at the Co
lumbian building, the following members
were elected as delegates to the conven
tion: • . . . . -
D. W. McNeil!, ex-secretary State Leagne;
J.. D. Morgan, Fred Grass, P. B. Gallagher, J.
B. Allen. J. G. Kearny., W. H. Harrington.
Frank Lee. F. K. Howe T. F. BachclJer. " "
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 1900
y^^^**?-^**^
731 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
PAR4ISO HOT SPRINGS, Carls A b -^..
Monterey County. CaL — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dat*
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths; ewlmir.lng tacK 30*60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduate*!. Hunting and fishing: chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
dance hall; large hotel and 30 cottages. aSord-
Ing special accommodations for families; all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m.; First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:13 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad, toea by stage over beautiful lavel road T
miles to springs. Round-trto tickets $3, at 9.
p. offlce. «13 Market street. Telephone and
poetofflce. For Ulußtrated pamphlets and fur-
ther Information address E. I* PERRAULT.
M. D.. proprietor and resident physician.
ROW A RD EN IMA N.
H. Francis Anderson, President: William H.
Lamb, Vice President and Manager; J. Dal-
sell Brown. Treasurer.
Situated In the Santa Cruz Mountains, on
San Lorenzo River. ZVt. hours front S. F.. 10
miles from Santa Cruz; grounds and river lit
by electric lights: tennis, bowlinr. boating.
bath!n«c and fishing: golf links: elegant nail
and clubrooms; good music and billiards: all
rooms hard finished and elegantly furnished
Round trip. W. Telephone In hotel. Address
B. Dickinson, secretary and lessee. Bea Lo-
mond. Opens May ICth.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Uklah, Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champaKne baths; oaly
place In the world' of this cla33 of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; Qshlng and hunt:::?;; crystal spring;
accommodations and table drat class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Proprietors.
SKA G G S HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
'OIY/AJJVJO County; only v+ hours
from San Francisco and but nine mllea of
staging: waters noted for medicinal nrtues-
best natnnU bat!i In State: rrand mountain
scerery; good trout itrcams at door: telephone
telegraph: dully mall and express; FIRST-
*Lu\SS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVlCE-
ir.orninsr and afternoon stag**; round tr!n from
San Praccl»c» only $5 Ba Take Tlburon ferry
at T:» a. m. or 3:80 o. ta. Terms. |2 a day or
$12 a week. Reference*— Any miest of the past
five years; patronage constantly tncreaslnK
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
Ve 0 ' TOCALOMA, "JS*
; BERTRAJf D HOTEt-Flnt-class accotamo-
datlo?>ii:'i~ttsonabl» rates; - flsh lns: beautiful
drive* to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BKRT-
nAND, or Pobl'3 rto« stor* r rJ2» Kearn* «t.. 3.
F., every Friday from J to 5 o'clock
From many diseases. Children
who are well nourished "success-
fully resist disease to which an
ill - nourished child succumbs.
Your child has enough food.
Does the food make flesh? If
not there is something wrong
with the stomach and other or-
gans of digestion and nutrition.
That wrong can be quickly
righted by the use of
• DR. P SERGE'S •
GOLDLN MEDICAL DISCOVER?.
•In ninety-eight cases % out of
every hundred it completely cures
indigestion and other diseases of
the digestive and nutritive sys-
tem in both young and old. You
can consult Dr. Pierce by letter
free. Ad- redress Dr. R. V.
Pierce, vf Buffalo, "N. Y.
i^^^^^^r Medical Advis-
n*3/s&2?^ cr < P a P er c ? v -
|S£K&i£SA crs, is sent on rectrlpt
¦wMSjjfEra °f 21 cents to pay cost
jt£l>gsjjr Address Dr. Picrw.os above.
4¦ THE ; LATE: FRANK S. DOUTY.
San < Mateo, where 1 he had established a
beautiful home. lie leaves a widow but
no children.* 1 ' Mr. " Douty * was a man or
great executive ability and of the strict
est integrity. • -¦' .
' He was a ¦ member of . the Pacific-Union
Club. University Club, Bohemian Club,
Burllngame Club, San -Mateo Hunt Club
and the . San Francisco Club. - .
It Is stated that his 'remains will be ere-
DEATH SUMMONS A
RAILROAD OFFICIAL
Teachers' Mayday Festival.
The teachers' Mayday festival at Glen
Park promises to be a big success. Every
posslble preparation for the suitable re
ception and entertainment of a large
crowd Is now being made. Children will
be admitted free and adults will be
charged 25 cents. Special arrangements
have been made to assure the safety of
the children. A corps of teachers under
the direction of Professor Brooks will
have charge of the children on the
grounds.' The programme, which will In
clude first-class talent, Is not yet ar
ranged.
cording to some reports received, the en
tire peach and apricot crop has been killed
in places. The warm temperature ani
rain are much appreciated, though much
volunteer hay is cut and will be damaged.
FRESNO, April 11.— The frost visitations
on Sunday and Monday night have dona
some damage to tender vine shoots by
burning them black and retarding their
growth to that extent. Fruit trees were
not damaged, the fruit being pretty weil
formed. It is generally said that the
vines were damaged to the extent of 23
per cent. The frost appeared In scattered
streaks.
RAIN IN NORTHERN AND
CENTRAL CALIFORNIA
Growing Crops Throughout Those
Sections Are Greatly Benefited
by the Precipitation.
The rain that began yesterday had not.
up to the evening report of the Weather
Bureau, extended southward farther than
about midway between San Francisco and
Fresno, in the San Joaquin Valley. Santa
Clara Valley and the Salinas Valley re
ceived a mild wetting. The rain was gen
eral In the north, up to Central Oregon.
At no place was the downfall heavy, ex
cept at Eureka, where the gauges record
ed nine-tenths of an inch. Elsewhere the
precipitation was about one-quarter of an
Inch.
.Forecaster ilcAdle said that the storm
would do the fields good In Northern and
Central California, and thaf the reports
all were that the outlook was now for a
bountiful yield of the fields and orchards.
The grain in Southern California Is too
lar gone to have any chance, even If
tnere should be rain in that section. The
miners now have more water than they
had at the same time last year up to the
corresponding date. Los Angeles has had
a little more rain than it had last year,
but needs still more. San Diego has had
over an Inch less than it had last year.
A.W. Perrin, M.D., Brooklyn, N.Y.
A. W. Perrin. M. D. S.. 9SO Halsey street.
Brooklyn, X. V., says: "I am using your
Peruna myself, and am recommending it
to my patients in all cases of catarrh, and
find it to be more than you represent."
Dp. F. H. Brand, Mokena, 111.
Dr. F. H. Brand of Mokena. 111., says:
"Mrs. C, age 28. was cured of catarrh of
seven years' standing by Peruna, used
under my directions." ,' V <
J.W. Pence, M.D.. Newark, 0.
Dr. J. W. Pence of Newark. 0., says:
"I rely so wholly upon Peruna In every
disease that affects the mucous mem-
branes lining the internal organs that I
never for a moment think of prescribing
anything else."
Dr. Llewellyn Jordan, Wash, D.C.
Dr. Llewellyn Jordan. Medical Examiner
United States Treasury, says: "I now con-
sider myself a well man after fifteen
months of suffering. Fellow sufferers.
Peruna will cure you."
Send for free catarrh book, written by
Dr. S. B. Hartman. Address The Peruna
Medicine Company. Columbus. Ohio.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 1900.
oAvAyj DR. PIERCES
i|P|i| ELECTRIC
*mmjm BELT.
~l\*^= THI3 BELT 13 WAR-
/Vfv ranted to be U>« latest lm-
' » prov««t. most powerful and Ja
ell respects th» bo«t cow manoTactured in any
nart oftlm world. Its equal does not exist. Th»
OnivaneTneter ehowm its electric current to b*
«onble that of any ether. Easily regulated.
IWrmbly Insulated, latent Improved attach-
ment*. Ec«<"'»l conductor* and electrodes.
Double "tr* suroersory tor men. ¦ It will cur*
nr.y £iieas« on earth that I* 1» possible to cur*
with electricity, and It cures when other* fail,
tfvv no belt ttll you •*• "Dr. Pierce*."
"Bcoklet No. 2.". frea at office or seat by mail
tor a 2-cent.starnp. tslls all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
QQO Market Street.
(Opp. P°""^Hr7f»j> SAN FRANCI3COI
Euta^gS^Xfew York City.
INVESTORS!
Do you know that every Investor In this
company Is earning money? Our plan la
safe. and brings good returns on money
Invested, while our special withdrawal
feature permits you to draw your money
when you need it.
Invest at any time, as your money has full
earning power from date of receipt. Ac-
counts of $10 and upward received. Don't
wait until you have a larger amount, but
Invest now. If It. Is only $10. Invest now
and you may
Send to-day for our little book and par-
ticulars. Free.
214 PINE STREET. S. F.
Correspondents throughout South America.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Beautiful Illuminated Street Par
ade — A Novel and Interesting
Spectacle.
As an Introduction to his entry in this
city. Professor Gentry, with the World's
Greatest Trained Animal Show, will give
a grand illuminated street parade on Fri
day night. April 13, at 7 o'clock, traversing
Market. Kearny and the principal streets.
Don't fail to see this, the prettiest pageant
by the richest trained animal show on
tour. ¦'¦•*:
LIGHT RAINS
ARE WELCOMED
BY FARMERS
Precipitation General in the
Central Portion of the
State.
SACRAMENTO. April 11.— Thera have>
bepn several light showers of rain here
to-day and it is coming down gently this
evening. About one-tenth of an Inch has
fallen. While not needed, the rain is pref
erable to frost, jrapes and vegetables
on the low lands have suffered severely
by Sunday night's frost, but grain and
tree fruits are all right.
LOS ANGELES, April 11.— The weather
and crop conditions In Southern Califor
nia have not changed since the official bul
letin of the United States Department of
Agriculture for the week ending April !>
was issued. The grain and hay crops in
most localities are failures and young
fruit- is dropping. Oranges are in gooa
condition.
SAN RAFAEL. April 11.— It commenced
raining here this morning, and from pres
ent Indications will continue throughout
the night. The farmers are I'll happy, as
the crops In this county will be- better
than ever before. The rainfall for the
season is 29 inches.
MILTON. April 11.— A light rain has
fallen at intervals here to-day. With the
wind In the rainy quarter there is good
ground for hoping for a considerable fall,
which would be of the greatest benefit
now.
REDDING. April 11.— A slight rain has
been falling for the past twenty-four
hours. The precipitation insures the fin
est feed stockmen have known for years.
Although not especially beneficial to
farmers It was welcomed by miners as
assuring an extension to the already,
lengthy season.
SANTA CRUZ. April 11.— Rain com
menced falling early this morning and has
continued In showers all day, with no
prospects of clearing. The elements have
dealt gently with farmers in this section
and only light frosts have been reported
with no damage. Fruit prospects are
good.
REDWOOD CITY, April 11.— Redwood
City and vicinity have been visited with
several heavy showers of rain within the
last twelve hours. While the rain has
not been sufficient to penetrate to any
depth yet in connection with the rains
experienced about the first of the month
the ground has been kept moist. An un
usually heavy crop is assured for this
season.
MODESTO, April 11.— Rain began fall
ing at noon to-day and by this evening
.31 of an Inch had fallen. The wind ia still
from a rainy quarter. The rain is benefi
cial.
NAPA, April 11.— There has been frost
here for the last two mornings, but so
far little or no damage has resulted In
Napa or vicinity.
WOODUiVND, April 11.— It can be defin
itely stated that the recent heavy frost
resulted In no material damage to Yolo
County vineyards and orchards. The
weather has been showery to-day and
farmers are hopeful that present condi
tions' may continue long enough to insure
good crops. Unless there Is more than
grain crops in this part of the State will
be short.
Vineyards Damaged.
STOCKTOX. April 11.— Reports continue
to come In of the damage to grape vines
by the recent frost. At G. C. Franklin's
ranch, six miles west of Lodl, and at the
ranch of Mrs. E. Franklin, n mile to the
southwest, the loss Is total. In the former
there are twenty acres of vines and eighty
acres In the latter. To secure even naif
a crop it -will be necessary to remove all
the frost-bttten shoots : that the dormant
buds may come out. The Moore ranch,
north of Stockton, comprising thirty acres
of grapes, reports a total loss. Ltcrht
showers have been falling here this morn-
Ing and the Indications are that a heavy
downpour is on the tapis.
SAN JOSE. April ll.— Reports received
from all parts of the county indicate
much more damage from frost than first
stated. The universal statement from the
southern end of the county is that. there
was a freeze and that • apricot* and
peaches are totally destroyed. - Grapes
nave suffered »rreatly over nearly the en
tire county. There are but few orchards
where the apricots and peaches have not
suffered severely. Prunes have not suf
fered-greatly except in a few localities,
but it Is too soon to tell the result.
Colonel Phllo Hersey of the Santa Clara
County Fruit Exchange says it Is too soon
to tell, the total damage by frost yet. but
thatjnuch fruit haa been killed; and, ac-
DR. W. G. GANO, OF SPRINGFIELD, ILL.
Dr. W. G. Gano. Tenth and Cook streets, Springfield. 111., writes as follows:
"/ can cheerfully and truthfully say that having given your valuable
medicine, Peruna, a thorough trial, my wife and I, for chronic dyspepsia, or
catarrh of the stomach, and extreme nervous prostration, we find it is
helping us greatly, and by continuing its use expect a permanent cure. It
is a great medicine and we recommend it cheerfully. It is a medicine that
should be in every household."
LOATHSOME DIVES WHERE THE VICIOUS
CONGREGATE FOR NOCTURNAL ORGIES
DR, W. G. GANO, OF SPRINGFIELD,
Says Peruna Should Be in Every
Household.
AnVRR.TTR'RM HM'ltl. •
CHAMPION DOGS
ARE TO COMPETE
AT UNION PARK
Luxor Meets Whitehead,
Warship, Bad Boy and-
Crawford Lad.
A Total of. One Hundred and Forty
Greyhounds Will Start in the
Two v 1 Valuable
Stakes.
<
Champion Luxor, the crack greyhound
from the kennel of Curtis & Sons, the
San Jose coursing men, will meet White
head, Warship, Bad Boy, Crawford Lad,
Palo Alto and other flyers In the cham
pion stake at Union Park, Sunday after
noon. In addition to this class stake of
twelve dogs there will be a 128-dog reserve
stake. Coursing will commence Saturday
upon the arrival of the 10:15 a. m. cours
ing train. The 1:25 p. m. race train will
also stop at the park.
The total prize money is $1105, divided as
follows: Champion stake, to the winner,
$125; runner-up, $75; third, $50, and three
at $15 each. Reserve stake, winner, $100;
runner-up, $60; two at $40 each; 4 at $27 50;
8 at $17 50: 16 at 510; 32 at $5. The draw
resulted as follows:
Champion stake, twelve dogs— R. E. de B.
Lopez's Crawford Lad vs. Maher & Reid's
Bad Boy; P. J. Rellly's Warship vs. Curtis &
Son's Luxor: Curtis & Son's Flying Fox vs.
Curtis & Son's Narcissus; J. P. Thrift's Brutus
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Whltehead; E. Geary' a
Palo Alto vs. G. "Whitney's Theron; Curtis &
Son's Cavalier vs. Gus Abt-rcromble's Rock
Island Boy. - ••-,t
Open stake, 128 dogrs— H. Lynch" s Lottie M
vs. F. A. McComb's Little Sister; R. L. Tay
lor's Winning Lassie vs. D. K. Carter's Joe
Farrell; Sterl & Knowles' Ripple vs. Gus
Abercromble's Rock Island King; G. W.
Helntz's Coquette vs. George Nethercott's
Freda C; J. Murnane's Wildwood vs. B. SUvas
Re-Annex; W. Cairn's Imperial vs. R. E. de
B. Lopez' 8 Wander; F. A. McComb's Motto vs.
Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon: Curtis & Son's
Blackette vs. P. J. Rellly's Grafter; Aeneld
Kennels' Athena vs. J. Carroll's Auckland;
Horrlgan's Wlegand's Overture vs. R. E. de
B. Lopez's Soft Goods; E. M. Kellogg's Kid
McCoy vs. J. Hurley's O. K. Capital; W.
Creamer's Onward vs. Sterl & Knowles' Rusty
Gold; Curtis & Sen's Echo vs. Aeneld Ken
nels' Aeneas; W. Creamer's Jesse Moore vs.
J. J. Warren's Sweet Lips; T. J. Cronln's
Vixen vs. Sterl & Knowles' For • Glory; J.
Keenan's Royal Ituck vs. Russell. Allen &
Wilson's Miss Cable; Curtis A Son's Terronlte
vs. J. Watkins' Merciful; J. Horn's Bona Fide
vs. Erwin & Lyon's Silver Lyon; Sterl &
Knowles' Aleta vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget; J.
P. Thrift's Tar Hill vs. A. Massey's Hadiwlst;
Curtis & Son's McKlnley vs. Gus Abercrom
bie's Victor King; F. A. McComb's One Spot
vs. R. L. Taylor's Rowdy Hoy; Curtis & Son'i
Shadow vs. T. J. Cronln's Rose of Tralee; J.
Hurley's Hurricane vs>. J. H. Harrison's Hot
Haste; J. Charleton's Temple vs. J. P. Thrift's
Tired Out; Maher &¦ Rids Uncle Fuller vs.
Pasha KenneU' Rest Aesured: Pasha Ken
nels' Rollicking Airs vs. G. Shannan's Miss
Skyrocket: J. Hurley's Shylock Boy vs. Cur
tis & Son's Commodore: Curtis & Son's Ter
rona vs. I. MoCabe's Boney Boy; Larkev &
Rock's Liberty Bell vs. A. Johnsjn's Mountain
Belle; T. Logan's Mtss Grizzle vs. Lande &
Gerber's Rlenzi; J. M. Halton's I-avender vs.
Sterl & Knowles' O'Hara; E. Casserly's Silence
vs. H. Lynch's I^exlngton; E. & R. Scott's
Lord Byron vs. F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha:
Pasha Kennels' Roguish Antics vs. G. W.
Hlntz's Herschel's Pride; P. J. Rellly's Plough
boy vs. Maher & Raid's Los Angeles: Pasha
Kennels' Metallic vb. T. J. Cronins Thornhlll:
Captain Cane's Gr-eenhall vs. J. Carroll's Red
Hind: Curtis & Son's Old Glory vs. D. Winder's
Risky Attempt; C. Gelsler's Belle of Rich
mond vs. P. J. Reilly's Willful Widow; D.
Winder's Random Aim vs. J. Kennedy's Wine
West; Pasha Kennels' Round About vs. E.
M. Kellogg's lowa Boy; Maher & Reid's Nellie
Bawn vs. T. J. Cronln's Vandal: Curtis &
Son's Cash vs. T. J. Cronln's Maid of Ball:
R. E. de B. Lopez's Diablo vs. Maher & Reid's
Singleton: Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead vs.
J. P. Thrift's St. Michael: J. Martenefs Slim
vs. Erwin & Lyon's May Queen; R. Strahl'a
Three Cheers vs. N. P. Whiting's St. Anthony;
F. C. Mack's Delia 'M vs. A. T. Leonard's May
flower; Russell. Allen & Wilson's Victor Boy
vs. Maher & Reid's Firm Foe; C. W. Bonner'a
Wild Nora vs. E. Casaerly's Lady Blanche; W.
C.Glasson's Santanln vs. A. Vanderwhlte's
Lear King; Russe'l. Allen & Wilson's Mis*
Allen vs. G. Sharman's Walt a Little: M.
London's Magneto vs. A. T. Leonard's Master
I^awrence; E. H. Farmer's Moonstone vs. D.
Riordan's Molly R; Curtis & Son's Vulcan vs.
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne; T. Logan's Honor
Bright vs. J. Kernan's Bowery Boy; W. C.
Glnrsan's Slelghbells vs. A. Vanderwhlte'o
Cymro; J. Watkln'n Merciless vs. G. Sharman's
Walt a Bit: J. Kennedy's Ever Sure vs. J. J.
Edmonds' Morning Glory: J. Moriarity's Snap
per Garrison vs. P. P.ellly's Expense; P.
Rellly's Lady Granite vs. J. Watkin's Still
True; P. Rellly's Richmond Queen vs. T. Sul
livan's Maid of the Hill: Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Spiteful vs. Aeneld Kennels' Maid of
Erin.
J. O'Shea has been denied the privileges
of the field at Ingleside Coursing Park
for a period of two months. The dogs
from his kennels are allowed to run In the
names of his sons.
5
TYPICAL SCENE IN FRANK & PAUL'S DANCE HALL
THE Police Commission of San Fran
cisco is now busy -with the saloon
men, side entrances, restaurateurs
and drink dispensers. The most In
decent, immoral, sinful and criminal
phase of gutter life in this city Is left
untouched. While the work of a partial
reformation progresses but slowly and in
consistently the dives on the Barbary
Coast and in the heart of the city are
allowed to run without a check or posi
tive restraint.
The Call has directed the attention of
the police to many of these sinks of deg
radation and vice. From one street ta
aii'ilicr in the Ccas'- district the discord
ant and key-worn piano, the accordion
and the banjo, mingle their sounds In in
harmonious effects to the accompaniment
cf the clink of glasses, while the habitues
of the dives in this locality become
heavy and sopped with the bad liquor
dispensed at a price that is ruinous to
the financial welfare of the patron and
only beneficial to the woman who trains
her commission by a practice of low and
obscene personal artifices.
The dive and the dance hall are the two
distinct phases of debasement In this
quarter. In one the man without reason
or sense squanders bis pittance for noth
ing but bad beer or worse whisky; the
other for the same physical recompense
with the addition of a trip or two over
a slippery floor, which simply accelerates
a thirst. .*'.
The ordinary white customer of the
dives may be vicious, unregenerate and
steeped In vice, but he Is covered with a
garment of virtue and righteousness when
compared to hJs foreign brother. On Pa
cific street and* Broadway are resorts of
to low a character that were It not for
the fear of the threatened lntereference
of the police, robbery, theft and kindred
crimes would be of nightly occurrence.
Under the guise of a dance hall sign un
couth and hardened men mingle with
¦women long since lost to every show of
morality and wear out the night In
drunken revels that fill their purses with
brass checks, representing In a mone
tary way the price of their chosen occu
pation.
One of the worst of these dance halls
frequented by all classes of people is
owned by Frank & Paul. It is on Pacific
street and not a stone's throw from the
County Jail. The women who spend their
nights In this resort are dancers and
drinkers, for, by the exercise of both these
accomplishments, they gather in the
checks that enable them to support both
themselves and the people they love. The
arts of seduction which they practice are
simple to the man about town, but full
of power to the ordinary patron. Seated
at a table, men pour down their throats
a quality of beer and whisky that would
be expensive at one-tenth the price
charged. All this time the girls are grow
ing fat, not only on malt, but brass
checks, laughing to themselves at the
idiocy of the men. At a late hour the
patrons of the house become soaked with
liquor and a general rough-house pre
vails. This is a lively feature and waited
for by the habitues.
When will the evil cease? Will It con
tinue to suppurate and go unnoticed by
the Police Department or will they show
themselves alive to the exigency of things
and sweep away these -vicious blots of
Immorality?
POLICE COMMISSION MEETS.
Saloon Men Appear Before That Body
and Advise With Its Members.
The Police Commissioners met yesterday
morning with the saloon men of the city
to hear arguments .why the various pro
prietors of saloons and restaurants should
not be forced to conform to the ordinance
of 1593 which provides for the selling of
liquor in places of mixed character, a
mingling of saloon and restaurant, and
the reduction in height of the side-room
partitions.
Outside of a protective meeting, per
haps never before in, this city was there
such an assemblage of directors of the
cocktail mixers. From far and near pro
prietors of saloons gathered to pour their
tales of woe Into the Commissioners' ears
and each to claim that he alone should
be exempt from the enforcement of the
ardinance. After hearing the attorneys
>f the saloon men for two hours, the Com
missioners decided to take the case under
advisement, postponing action until some
future day.
Judge Slack was the first to make his
May for Techau"s Tavern and the Good
Fellows' Grotto. According to the Judge,
leither place was immoral or Indecent
md the serving of drinks was merely in
cidental to the serving of meals, therefore
:he partitions of the small rooms should
lot be cut down.
Attorney Marcus Rosenthal. represent
ng the Bay State restaurant, was the
second on the argumentative platform,
lie discussed the ordinance, averring that
t did not apply to restaurants and hotels
»nd there would be no violation of the or
iinance where liquor was sold. Rosen
thal then read the Commissioners a lee-
ture on vice and Immorality and contend
ed that they could not suppress either by
the present methods. He promised the
Commissioners that his client would not
run a bar, because It did not pay. The
board did not Interest themselves In the
financial success of the Bay State and
on a oromise from Attorney Rosenthal
that liquor would not be served at the
bar dismissed, the case.
Then came Attorney George Knight,
looking out for Gobey's saloon and the
Reception on Sutter street. Knight con
tended that the best people of the town,
men with their families and all who
wanted a little privacy, patronized these
places. Commissioner Newhall said that
he had been In those places, but It was
impossible to tell whether or not the best
people patronized them, as they were
shielded behind the curtains or doers.
Knight tried to get an admission of
knowledge of these saloons from the
Chief, but this was all he obtained:
Mr. Knight — You have been a resident
of San Francisco for a long time and
you are a native son, are you not?
Chief Sullivan— No; there I draw the
line.
Herbert Choynskl spoke in behalf of the
Columbia cafe, Green Brothers. He con
tended that his business was a restau
rant.
Eddie Wolff played an act or two In
the comedy and got the consent of the
Commissioners for his client to serve a
drink with some substantial refreshment,
not specified.
W. J. Sullivan of the Hoffman spoke
for himself and many other saloon myi
followed him.
Besides this business the Commissioners
appointed Dr. Louis Bazet to be police
surgeon In accordance with the charter.
This will do away with the duties per
formed by Dr. James W. Keeney. who
ranks as a sergeant of police. Chief Sul
livan will notify Dr. Keeney that his
services as surgeon will no longer be re
quired, and as the doctor will not care to
do patrol or station duty as sergeant he
will tender his resignation.
Drill Instructor Andrew J. Gaughran
was appointed a member of the force, aa
the Auditor refused to pass his warrant,
there being no such office provided for
by the Board of Supervisors as drill in
structor. He will probably get one of the
vacancies as sergeant.
Drs. Mahoney and Ten-ill, the' examin
ing physicians under the. pension act,, will
examine to-day, the officers named for re
tirement at the quarterly meeting of tht»
pension board, and the board will meet
next Monday afternoon to take final ac
tion after their report is received.
The Commissioners yesterday morning
decided not to renew the liquor license to
John Brown, proprietor of the Academy
Dance Hall in the basement on the cor
ner of Post street and Grant avenue. This
was the last dance hall on the avenue
with a license, the licenses of the others
having been previously refused.
CHARITIES REMEMBERED
BY LATE LOUISA DEVOE
Aaron Stein Directs That All of His
Evidences of Indebtedness
The will of Louisa Scott Devoe. who
died on April C, was filed for probate yes
terday. Mrs. Devoe made the following
bequests: To Yee Sul Kwai. "my faithful
rTvajit," $300; to Mrs. Louise D. Underhill,
E3<.ioo; ro Miss Louise D. Brickell. all Jew
:lry, silverware,- diamonds, laces and 53000;
to Dr. L. L. Dorr. $2000; to the Board of
Flome Missions of the Presbyterian Church
In the United States, the Presbyterian
Board of Relief for Disabled Ministers and
the Widows and Orphans of Deceased
Ministers, the First Presbyterian Society
r,f San Francisco (Tor the poor of the
church* an<! to the Hospital for Children
and Training School for Nurses, one
fourth each of one-half of the money de
rived frcm the sale of the residue of de
cedent's personal property. The other
half Is disposed cf as follows: To Benja
min Opden \Vilkins of New York. $3000; to
A. N. Drown and George L. Underhill, ex
ecutors of the will, the residue of the re
mainder in trust for the benefit of Hannart
Augusta Wilkins. daughter of John J. De
voe. during her natural life. The estate
Is valued at over 5100/KK".
The will 'of Aaron Stein, Jate assistant
to the president of Wells. Fargt) & Co.,
who fMeil March 16, was also filed for pr¦»'
bate. Decedent, after bequeathing his
widow, Clarissa D. Stein, policies and ac
counts valued at about SGoOO and setting
forth that she is entitled to one-half his
residue of his estate to Nathan Stein, a
brother; Maria Orth. residing in Indian
apolis; Jenny Stein, residing at Lafayette,
Ind.; Plillip Stein, residing in Muscat!.™,
Iowa; Ethel Orth, residing in Ogden,
Utah; Henrietta F. Thomas of this city,
Mrs. S. M. Zander of Oakland, W. E.
Zander of Oakland. Mrs. T. Hicks, F. W.
Ojftman, Aaron H. Brown, S. E. Goodrich,
Mrs. E. S. Tibbey of this city. W. I*.
Greenberg of this city, Sadie G. Palmer of
this city. J. T. Valentine of Houston,
Texas; Emily Roberson of Auburn. Mrs.
E. P. Msynard and Miss Grace Maynard
of this city. Mrs. Stein Is named as ex
ecutilx to serve without bonds.
The v.-ill of the late Sarah Ettlinger be
ou<aU".s an estate exceeding $10,000 In
value to her husband, Bernhard Ettllnger.
Mr. Stein released all obligations due
him In the following language:
"I call attention In this connection to
sundry evidences of indebtedness to me,
notes, due bills, etc., usually filed in a
convenient pigeonhole In my desk at the
office, all of which I hereby declare for
given and canceled by my death, and de
sire that each be returned to the person
whose signature it bears, with a notation
thereon to that effect, and that the act is
voluntary on my part and without preju
iice or reproach."
¦ m ¦
An Easter Dinner
rhat will be a marvel of good taste will be
¦erved at Wnkand's on Sunday next. Beautl
ul music, as usual. *
¦ » ¦ .
Belgian Hare Cannery.
VISALIA, April 11.— A Belgian iiare
tannery is to be established at Vlsalla.
Twenty thousand dollars was raised to
3ay for the enterprise and a big plant will
i>e constructed. It Is believed enough rab
bits can be raised In the vicinity of this
city to supply the markets of the coast.
LEGISLATION ON
FISHING IN SAN
MATEO COUNTY
>
Necessity of Closing Streams
Another Month Is Ques
tioned.
?
On the last day of March, In an article
on the trout streams of California the
fishing expert of The Call commented ad
versely upon the action of the Supervisors
of San Mateo County In passing an or
dinance closing the fishing season until
May 1. It was held that as all the flsh
have spawned by April 1 the closing of the
season is of but little benefit. As none of
the adjoining counties have such a law
confusion to the anglers Is sure to de
velop. The editor of the Coast Advocate
of Halfmoon Bay comes valiantly to the
defense of the Superviors. Unfortunate
ly for him, his argument is weak, as his
various premises are not accurate.
The controvery was submitted by The
Call to John P. Babcock, chief deputy of
the California State Fish Commission and
an authority on the game and food flsh of
the coast. Mr. Babcock supports unquali
fiedly the statements of The Call in an in
teresting communication. He says:
The Coast Advocate Is In error in saying
that the ".Puiisstma Creek [a the most Im
portant trout stream In San Mateo County,
and that It is not surpassed as a fishing
ground by any water in California." The
liirif^irna does not compare favorably as
a fishing stream with the San GregorU, the
Pescadero or the Butana, or their main
tributaries.
The fish in the Pnrisslma- are numerous
but small. An eight-Inch tlsh is a big one
In that stream, and one of ten Inches Is a
"whale." The Purisslma, however. Is one
of the best known streams In San Mateo
County. The wayside inn established some
forty years agoby Richard Dougherty upon
its banks near Its mouth gave it Its repu
tation. "The Purlsglma -House" has no
equal as a stopping place on the coast,' but '
it was. "Dick's" care for travelers and his
wife's cookinz that made it sa attractive.
The flshlrs for small fish was good. They
Wfre of Hne flavor and Mrs. -Dougherty
knew Just how to cook them and just what
to serve with. them. Any one who was so
fortunate as to eat a meal prepared by Mrs.
Douuherty talked of Its excellence for days
alter.
As time went on !t became noised about
that you must have, fished the. Purissima
to know the real Joy of angling, so that at
any time In the early part of the season you
were sure to find congenial sports . there-,
and even though there were no . flsh - over
eight- inches in length in your catch from
the PurlMlma. you ; came home .well . con
vinced that flsh do not contribute all of
"fishing." It is curious how the flsh did
jret into the Purlsslma and how they main- ;
tain themselves there, for they cannot enter
from the sea, and up to the time of Dick
Dougherty's death a few years ago so far as
Is known the . stream was - never ' stocked
with fish from any other water. Yet year
after year flsh continued -to multiply and
furnish creel after creel of. small trout to '
the anclers .who visited its waters. As to*
the spawning period of the, flsh. In the
Purieslma the ¦ writer •is • not as -. well ln
.-formed, but -they "do not 'entirely : cease
ppawnlnr .'. until after May Ist and not » a ':
third have completed ; their work by April
. 1," as the .Coast -Advocate says. :¦ The won
der of their maintaining • themselves in so •
limited a 'water, course is the more of a
'mystery. ,
In all th* thirty j odd 'years Dougherty
lived there the stream was fished' each year [
by hundreds. When' a tstream',. will' stand '-.
such a strain for such a leiurth of time one
More than hall the Bickness and disease in the world cornea
from exhausted nerves. When the nerves are weak the digestion
is imperfect, and the blood becomes deficient in nutritive princi-
ples. The heart is affected, circulation retarded, liver and kid-
neys deranged and the general health suffers. People who are
losing flesh, are nervous, restless, cannot sleep at night, are irri-
table of temper and easily excited. There is one thing lacking to
make the harmony of the system complete and that one thing is
nerve force. Dr. Miles' Nervine makes nerve force. It is the
eract remedy for that large class of feeble-minded, thin-blooded
and nervous persons whose greatest need is rest and quiet for the
weary brain and nourishment jfor tho waiting nerves and failing
strength. It feeds and curea
"My wife was ncrvoas, weak, restless, could not sleep, and nothing that she ate did
her any £ood. In spite of all her physicians could do for her, she continued to fail
end waste in ficsh until she had lost sixty-three pounds. I finally bought a bottle ol
Dr. MJcs* Kerviae and she began taking it In four days she wanted to start clean-
ing house-the first time she had felt able to work in eleven months. She could go
to bed at night and sleep soundly until morning, and she began gaining in weight
In three months she had regained her lost flesh and weighed ten pounfls heavier
than before her iilness.- Geo. B. Rathbun, 65 Bridge St. Springfield, Mass.
Is sold at all drug stores on a positive guar-
antee. Write for free advice and booklet to
Dr. Miles Medical Company. ElkharV Indiana.
may well believe that Dick was right when
ho used to nay, "You can't flsh 'em all
out."
So far as the writer knows the spawning
reason of the trout in the Purlsslma does
not differ materially from those In other
streams In that county, namely, from De
cember to April. There may be a few that
have not deposited their spawn by April
1, but they are the exception. The em
bryo of next Beacon's spawn is large enough
in April to b» noticeable. This is true ever
of trout that have Just spawned.
- If tSe present close reason for trout was
observtd Ware would be no necessity for a
loneor period in Pan Mateo County. It is
commonly stated that little or no attention
was paid to the closed period in San Mateo
this year. It is even stated that on April
1 there was a well-beaten tmck on both
sides of the San Gregorio and Pescadero
creeks. If the peace officers and the Su
pervisors of San Mateo County would take
uteps to enforce the closed season under the
State law It would be of more benefit to the
streams and the anglers who go there.
Ladies' fine kid ties, worth $1 75 for 50c
i pair r* the Boston Shoe C 0. ,775 Market.*
Will Talk on the Charter.
F. tV. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, and J. Richard
Freud, president of the Civil Service
Commission,. will address the Starr King
Fraternity of Oakland next Sunday even
ing at the First Unitarian Church. Four
teenth and Castro streets, upon "A
Greater Oakland," with particular allu
sion to the origin, adoption and operation
of the charter of San Francisco.
FRANK S. DOUTY, who for years
has been identified with the affairs
of the Southern Pacific Company
and corporations connected with it,
died early yesterday morning at the
Homeopathic Hospital in this city. Al
though he had been ailing for the past
five months, he. had shown marked im
provement in his condition and his death
was unexpected. He was a sufferer from
a complication of diseases, which finally
attacked his heart.
"Through his long career as secretary
and manager of the Pacific Improvement
Company he earned an enviable reputa
tion throughout the State and was uni
versally Hked by all who had business or
social dealings with him^
Deceased was born in Piscataquis Coun
ty Maine. September 8, 1847. His father,
Calvin Sanger Douty, was a prominent
man having .been Sheriff of Piscataquis
County for many years Immediately pre
ceding the breaking out of the Civil war,
and served as major, lieutenant - colonel
and ' colonel of the First Maine Cavalry,
meeting his death at the head ¦¦ of his
regiment in a cavalry charge at Aldle in
June, 1862. :-¦¦¦;
The son, although a mere lad, accom
panied his father in the army, serving as
orderly to Colonel Douty.- Upon the death
of his * father Frank entered the naval
academy atAnnapolls. After leaving the
naval school he was engaged in civil en
gineering upon railroads 'in Maine and
in the .Middle West until 1874, when he
came to California. g^fWJLJIgWBiOyWg
Through the influence of his cousin, the
late D. D. Colton, he was given a position
by the Central Pacific Railroad Company,
continuing in that employment for about
a year, 'when he was chosen ' secretary
and treasurer: of the Western-. Develop
ment' Company and later secretary rand
treasurer of ' the ; Pacific . Improvement
Company,'- in which latter position .he
served from 1878 until his death. •
In addition Mr.; Douty : has • during his
connection -with railroads .. served ¦as , di
rector and trustee in many, other corpora
tions, having more or less connection with
railroad interests. r •
• For the last flve years he has resided atThe, .demand in the East' Jof. a half-cent coin is
growing.' It seems to be regarded as a necessityTof
the bargain counter, and while it won't come high;
we must have it.
Gold Badge for the Coroner.
Coroner Cole was presented yesterday
by the attaches of his office with a gold
badge, as a token of their respect and ap
preciation.' The presentation speech was
made by Stenographer EmllPohli. The
Coroner was taken completely by surprise.
The donors were: P. J. McCormick, chief
deputy ; C. W. Meehan, M. J. Brown. P.
H. Flynn, deputies; John J. Flanagan,
messenger; Thomas Smith. Janitor;
Emil Pohli, stenographer; Dr. Thomas B.
W. Leland, autopsy . surgeon.
It will be remembered that a year ago the town of
Bcattle in the good State of Kansas distinguished
itself by electing a town government composed exclu
sively of women, so it is worth while noting that this
year it has elected a ticket made up wholly of men.
There is nothing so good as variety, and Kansas has
all there is.
General Miles has announced himself as a candi
date for the Presidency and has also advocated the
construction from the Atlantic to the Pacific of a
broad highway smooth enough to play marbles on.
?o it looks as if the general wishes to have an easy
route for running when he gets started.
A Boston paper booms the condidacy of Secretary
Long for the Vice Presidency by running communi
cations on the subject under the flaring head line "A
Loud Call for Long," so we might as well have a
California candidate and start "A Long Call for
Loud."
W. K. Vanderbilt has recently purchased three rail
roads — the Reading. Lehigh Valley and Erie sys
tems — so it begins to look as if the entire transporta
tion facilities of the Eastern States would soon be
come the private property of the Vanderbilt family.
The policy of "benevolent assimilation" in the Phil
ippines has evidently been put on cold storage, or em
balmed like army beef, for up to this time there has
been no exhibition of either the assimilation or the
benevolence.
A French scientist is said to have discovered that
there are nearlj' twice as many microbes in street
f weepings after sprinkling as before, and now we
may have to fill the sprinkling carts with microbe
killer.
Bryan's refusal to speak in San Francisco this trip
may have been intended as a snub, but we are none
the less grateful.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
WITH ARROWS— O. W. 0., Priests
Valley, Cal. A half-dollar of 1853. with
arrow heads at date, does not command
a premium. It Is the half-dollar without
arrows at date or rays around the eagle
that .commands a premium.
THE POUNDMABTER— B. P. I*. City.
If you own a dog and he Is beside you on
the street without a collar and tag there
on, denoting that the license has been
paid for the current year, the poundmas
ter has a right to seize him, providing:
that the animal Is not under your control
by chain, strap or rope.
CAPE NOME— A. S.. City. Dealers In
books have a number of works that give
information about Cape Nome— cost of
transportation, provisions and such in
formation as intending visitors to that
California Glaca Fruits. 600 lb.; In flr«
etched boxes. Townsend's. 623 Market at.*
ANOTHER RACETRACK VICTIM.
SUPERINTENDENT LEACH of the Mint, in
commenting upon the arrest of Benjamin C.
Bergen upon a charge of stealing gold bullion
from the weighers' department of the institution, is
quoted as saying: "My reasons for suspecting him
were several. His habits were not good. He was a
confirmed card-player, and I also heard that he played
the races."' Here, then, we have what appears
another illustration of the curse of track gambling,
set forth in the person of a young men who had
even.- prospect of an honorable career, and every in
ducement to be faithful to the trust the Government
reposed in him and to the hopes of his family and
Should the charge against Bergen prove to be
true, we will have another link added to the devil's
chain of vice and crime and remorse that has drawn
its dreadful Jength across the community. It will be
another warning of the direful effects of gambling,
and another evidence that hardly any place of busi
ness or any home is safe from the blight of its in
fluence. This new lesson comes timely to revive pub
lic interest in the efforts now being made to spur
the police force on to the suppression of all places
where gambling is practiced. It is through the doors
of these evil dens that men and youths, and not in
fiequently women, enter upon the downward path to
ruin, wretchedness and crime. Can it be that further
lives must be sacrificed in this way before popular
indignation will be sufficiently strong to compel the
authorities to exert the force of the law and close
the doors?
The Call has no desire to make extended comment
upon this case. It directs attention to it solely for
the purpose of making the moral of it clear and plain.
The accused person was suspected because it • was
known that he was a confirmed card-player and be
cause it was reported he played the races. The em
ployers of the city have learned that employes who
indulge in such practices are not safe. The same wis
dom should be learned by the people at large. The
security of business and the happiness of the home
have a common interest in the issue. San Francisco
has been too long a city wide open for the opera
tions of gamblers. The time has come to close it
against them and to keep it closed.
An interesting decision as to what is and what is
not a lunch has been recently made by a Justice
ir. Reading, Pa., to this effect: "Free lunches,
whether by day or night, are unlawful, and
lunches furnished for a nominal consideration
are free lunches. Pretzels, crackers and bits of
one kind of cheese, set out upon the bar or
served to customers with drinks, do not constitute a
lunch; anything beyond or other than pretzels, crack
ers and bits of one kind of cheese constitute a lunch."
Thus a man who has eaten a loaf of bread and a
pound of cheese has not lunched, but if he takes a
ham sandwich it is different.
AMUSEMENTS.
Oirheum— Vaudeville.
Alcaiar— "Quo Vafiis." t>
Grand Opera-house— "Junei Wobberta, X. S. S.. Boston.
CaJlfornla— "A Eachelor"» Romance."
California— Petschndkoft* and Hambourg, Monday afternoon.
Apr.l 16.
Columbia— Werti'i Mlnstreli.
Ttvoli— "The Bohemian Girl."
Ftscher'B Concert House— "Cavallerla Rustlcana."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olymp'-a. corner cf Mason and Zddy streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Gentry* Trained Animal Show, Saturday,
April 14.
El Campo— Dancing, bcwllnc. fishing, etc.. every Sunday.
V.'cstern Turf Association— Races to-day.
COMING DOWN FROM HIS PEDESTAL.
THROUGH A SLAUGHTER-HOUSE.
HENRY WATTERSON is the author of the
famous phrase about "marching through a
slaughterhouse to an open grave." He ut
tered it as a warning to his party" against the policy^
of renominating Cleveland in 1892, and it then proved
to be a vain warning, for Cleveland was nominated
and elected. He is now, however, counseling a
course of action which will fulfill the words of his
warning to the letter, for he is actually advocating
the renomination of Bryan and his support by con
servative Democrats who refused to vote for him in
1896.
Watterson's argument on the subject is sufficiently
curious to be worth quoting. He says in a recent
issue of the Louisville Courier-Journal: "If there be
those who do not realize that the money issue in its
old shape is as dead as the institution of African
slavery, and who require 16 to 1 to hold them in line,
16 to 1 shall not in the least frighten us away. In
the matter of expansion— which will absorb all other
questions — we stand pat upon the fact that 'we done
expanded.' Fifty years hence we shall still be in the
Philippines unless some power turns up strong
enough to put us out. Porto Rico ought to be at
once established as American territory, just as Alaska
is established; just as Hawaii is being established.
Cuba is merely a question of time. . If the Kansas
City convention should adopt an anti-expansion
plank aa radical as might be dictated by Carl Schurz
and Grover Cleveland, and Mr. Bryan should* be
elected, the flag would still wave over the Philippines,
and over Hawaii and Porto Rico, as it waves to-day;
but, instead of an orgy of greed, carpetbaggery, re
divivus, we should administer the new possessions on
Jeffersonian and not on Caesaristic lines. The plat
form ought specifically to say this. But, whether it
does or does not, the result will be the same. No
platform can stay the movement of mankind or im
pede the progress of American arts and arms."
In all that declaration there is nothing of rhyme
and less of reason. It amounts to just this: Bryan is
for free silver and against expansion. It will be im
possible for him to enact a silver bill or to prevent
expansion; therefore, vote for him. Back of such
counsel as that there must be some motive not re
vealed in the counsel itself. Why vote for Bryan if
he can do none of the things he promises to do? Why
support a negative platform and a nullity candidate in
an era of great issues?
The Boston Advertiser, in discussing a movement
going on among the gold Democrats in New Eng
land, makes a statement which throws some light on
the subject. It says a considerable number of old
Democrats who bolted the party in 1896 now pro
pose to return to it, in the belief that Bryan is bound
to be defeated. »md that they, if they be then in the
party ranks, will have an opportunity to get to the
front and profit by the reaction against the calamity
leader. If Watterson be one of those who purpose
following that plan, the motive pi his advice will be
apparent, but the matter will remain as unreasonable
as ever.
The money issue is not dead, nor will it be so long
as there is a strong party in the country willing to
support for the Presidency a candidate pledged to
reopen the issue and degrade the currency if the
power.be given him. A Republican Congress has
enacted a sound and safe currency and banking bill,
but a Democratic Congress could repeal it, and were
Bryan President he would use the whole strength of
administration patronage to induce Congress to do so.
To that extent, then, the money issue is still vital.
Bryanism is not so dangerous as it was four year 3
ago, but it is still a menace to the financial and busi
ness interests of the country, and no man who voted
against Bryan then can have any reason for voting
for him now.
quently if the revision be not undertaken a good
many Congressmen who are candidates for re-elec
tion this fall will be called upon by their constituents
to tell the reason why.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Theresa B. Sims from Edward F. Sims
for extreme cruelty, Nancy- E. Eniight
from John J. Enright for failure to pro
vide and Mary Griffin from Hugh Griffin
for cruelty. E. Flllppelll has sued Gia
como Filippelll for a divorce, alleging cru
elty as cause of action.
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED^ STATES MAIL.
jgp FOR NOME DIRECT:
mOM SAN FRANCISCO S. 8. "PORTLAND".. April 30. 1300
FROM SEATTLE.... '. S. 9. "DORA" April JO. 1900
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "RAINIER" May 10, 1300
* . ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ i.i ' * ¦
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO... • S^ S. "ST. PAUL" May 2*
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau, Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE...' S. a "BERTHA." commencing April StU
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For new f olden, maps and further particulars aa to freight and pasnage. apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANT. 310 Sanaome street. San Francisco. Cal.
For Seattle •alltnss apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL. 81 Yeiler bulldln*. SeatU*. Wash.
Trie t the Iras Route.
Julia Kennedy, the colored woman who
has come Into prominence through th©
case of Lottie Robb. the young girl found
by the police in her room. 21 Turk street,
attempted to commit suicide yesterday
afternoon by turning on the gas. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital and waa
soon pronounced out of danger.
Ladles never have any dyswrsU after a
wineglass of Dr. E Insert's An*o*tur»
Bitten. ; ,
WILL GIVE SEA FLORA
TO THE PARK MUSEUM
Forum Club Members to Purchase
Miss Westf all's Collection
for the City.
The ladies of the Forum Club are about
to purchase the : wonderful collection of
sea flora belonging to Miss Westfall and
have arranged to present the same to the
Golden Gate Park Museum.
To make this purchase possible the-la
dies of the club will place the collection on
exhibition in the art gallery of Mechanics'
Pavilion and the sum realized from the
exhibition will form the nucleus of the
purchasing fund. ,-..,..
Miss Wcstf all's, collection is the most
beautiful and finest of its kind in exist
ence and contains 180 different 6pecies and
between 500 and 600 specimens. The exhibi
tion will open this afternoon and continue
until May 3. The specimens will be on
view from 10 a. m. until 5 p. m. daily, dur
ing which hours Miss Westfall will be on
hand and deliver interesting lectures on
the subject of sea flora. t ¦ ¦
Many donations have been promised the
ladles of the Forum Club, and with the
money thus received the club proposes to
send to the pupils of the different schools
tickets whereby they may visit the exhibit
and receive the benefit of the lectures.
The collection has been approved of by
the museum committee.
Central Pacific Directors.
There was a stockholders' meeting of
the old Central Pacific Railroad Company
on Tuesday, at which the following direc-
tors were elected: W. F. Herrln. J. C.
Stubbs, J. Kruttschnitt. R. P. Schwerln.
J. L. Wlllcutt and J. M. Hanford. The
meeting was a merely formal affair, and
the directors are not much more than
figureheads.
CALIEFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April IL— E. R. Braln
erd of Los Angeles Is at the St. James.
Art Exhibition and Concert.
Mark Hopkins' Institute of Art is open
dally from 9 till 6. Concert to-night from
S till 10. Admission 25 cents. •
Chocolata cream Easter tgg*. To-wn-
send's. * •
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). st) Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Solid cream Easter eggs. Townsend's.*
Little Japs in Jlnko Easter novelties, sc.
Townsend's. 629 Market st.. Palace HoteL*
THE PORTO RICAN BILL
SENATOR FORAKER in the current number
of the North American Review characterizes
the Porto Rican bill, which has just been
adopted, as a measure designed to give rise to "ques
tions of unusual, far-reaching and world-wide impor
tance." He goes on to say that as a general rule it
is not expedient to enact laws for the mere purpose
of raising questions, but justifies it in this case on the
ground that it will be difficult to devise any compre
hensive policy of dealing with Porto Rico until the
Supreme Court has decided the position which the
people of the island occupy in our governmental
system.
The issue is complex. In the course of the debate
on the bill in the Senate Senator Tillman asked Sena
tor Spooner whether the Porto Ricans are citizens
of the United States, an.d Spooner promptly replied,
"They are not." "Are they aliens?" asked Tillman.
"They are not," said Spooner. "Then,'! said Tillman,
"if they are neither citizens nor aliens, what are
they?" "They are colonists," said Spooner. That
far the questioning went in the Senate and prompt
answers were given. There remains one other ques
tion, What are the rights of colonists of the United
States? That question is the one which the Porto
bill raises, and which Congress passes over to
the Supreme Court.
It will not be long before the question will reach
the court. The New York Herald, in fact, has al
ready taken steps to bring the issue to trial, though
not exactly in a way that will test the constitutional
ity of a tariff upon Porto Rican goods imported into
the United States. The Herald has entered into a
contract with a certain Porto Rican named t Jorge
Cruz and brought him to this country to labor under
the contract. It is said the agreement has been most
carefully drawn, and is beyond all question in viola
tion of what is called the alien contract labor law, in
case the said Cruz is an alien immigrant. It admits of
no doubt that he is an immigrant, in the sense of com
ing to this country for the purpose of carrying out
his contract to labor here, and he has been detained
at Ellis Island and ordered to be deported. The
question to be determine/! is whether he is an alien
or not, and his counsel have applied to the Circuit
Court of the United States for a writ of habeas
corpus.
The presentation of the issue in that way can
hardly, fail to determine the status of Porto Ricans,
for even if the court hold, with Spooner, that the
people of the island are neither citizens nor aliens,
but colonists, it will still have to decide whether
a, colonist is or is not entitled to privileges which are
denied to aliens. Senator Foraker is therefore clearly,
right in saying the bill is designed to raise questions
of world-wide importance, and the trouble is that no
matter how the court decides there is sure to be a
difficult problem of government left.
PERSONAL MENTION.
D. Robinson, a merchant of Sebastopol,
Is at the Russ.
Dr. J. Trullinger and family of San Jose
are at the Russ. v
Dr. John Dlckson and wife of Baltimore
are at the Palace.
W. H. Perry, a lumber mill owner of Los
Angeles, Is at the Lick.
P. R. Schmidt, a big wine grower of
Calistoga, is at the Lick.
O. T. Atwood, an electrical goods dealer
of Stockton, Is at the Grand.
J. W. Barbour and D. R. Cameron, oil
men of Hanford, are at the Lick.
John Ragglo, a stage line owner of San
Andreas, and his wife are at the Grand.
Colonel Edward Boyle, superintendent of
the Franklin mine at Nevada City, Is at
the Russ.
E. M. Preston of Nevada City, a direct
or of the Preston School of Industry at
lone, Is at the Grand.
—Chicago Tribune.
MISS M. THOMAS
TO BE A BRIDE
D. O. Mills and Whitelaw
Reid Guests or Honor
at J. D. Grant's
Luncheon.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Molly Tnomas, daughter of William
Thomas, to Latham McMullin.
Both Miss Thomas and Mr. McMullin
are favorites In the swell younger set
and were kept busy yesterday receiving
the congratulations of their many friends.
No date for the wedding has as yet been
Miss Molly is to be one of the brides
maids at the wedding of her sister, Miss
Mamie Thomas, and Mr. Kimball of Los
Angeles, which will be celebrated on the
25th of this month at the Unitarian
Joseph D. Grant gave an elaborate
luncheon at the Pacific Union Club yester
day in honor of D. 0.. Mills and Whitelaw
Reid. It waa a most finished affair,
made doubly pleasant by the fact that It
was a gathering of old friends.
Those at table were: J. D. Grant, D. O.
Mills. Whitelaw Reid. William Alvord.
Professor Bernard Moses. Judge John
Garber. Collls P. Huntingdon, Charles P.
Eells, Charles R. Bishop. Christian de
Guigne, Julius Kruttschnitt. E. B. Pond.
Claus Spreckels. Irving M. Scott, Robert
F. Morrow, Horace G. Platt, Joseph A.
Donohoe, H. E. Huntlngton, Russell J.
Wilson, Frank J. Symmes. Charles Webb
Howard and R. P. Schwerln.
WAR TAX REVISION.
SECRETARY GAGE, in reply to a request of the
House for information concerning treasury es
timates for the current and the coming fiscal
years, has sent a statement to the effect that for the
current year the revenues from all sources will be
about $560,000,000, and the expenditures $490,000,000,
leaving a surplus of $70,000,000. For the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1901, the estimated revenues will be
$577,000,000, and the expenditures $495,000,000, leav
ing a surplus for that year of $82,000,000. Thus the
estimates are the total surplus of revenue for the two
years will exceed $150,000,000.
On that showing there is certainly ample justifica
tion for those who are now sceeking to bring about
a revision of the war revenue tax at this session of
Congress. The nation is rich and the people are fully
able to pay the existing taxes, but since there is no
longer any need for the whole amount of the revenue
derived from them, the taxes should be diminished as
a mere matter of business. It is a poor economy to
draw money from the channels of trade and industry
for no other purpose than that of locking it up in the
treasury.
The Congressmen who are seeking to have the war
tax revised and reduced at once have a strong sup
port in all parts of the country, and from influential
papers, irrespective of party, for the issue, fortunately,
has not been made a partisan one, either in Congress
or out of it. Thus the Baltimore American, in com
menting upon the resolution of the House asking
for information from the Treasury Department, said:
"If the existing law should be so modified as only
to save the merchants and manufacturers of* the
country the monthly surplus that is now accumulat
ing and lying idle in the treasury, it would have a
tremendous effect on business. One hundred millions
yearly turned back into the channels of legitimate
trade would go far to make a marked increase in our
national prosperity."
The Chicago Record says: "The stamp taxes are
burdensome and should be repealed for that reason.
Fairness to the people requires that taxes levied for
carrying on the war and paid cheerfully because of
that fact should be removed as speedily as possible."
The New York Post says: "The payment of the
premium on the refunded bonds will absorb a large
part of the present surplus, but a new surplus will
accumulate behind it." The Boston Herald says:
"With so much money idle in the treasury vaults, the
circulation is decreased to that extent. Should the Sec
retary deposit it in banks he fears he would be accused
of favoritism." The New York World says: "A fur
ther reason for repealing some of these ¦ taxes is
found in their discriminating and exasperating na
ture. Last year the Government collected <$43,837,000
from internal revenue stamps. A considerable pro
portion of this amount was realized from stamps on
telegrams and express packages, which it is fair to
assume Congress meant should be paid by the rich
corporations, but which a convenient 'interpretation'
of the law shifted, to the individuals making use of
these conveniences. Nearly all the rest of the
$i 00,000,000 and more of special war taxes i 3 col
lected from the consumption of .the people, in one
form or another."
It is not worth while to^ multiply quotations. The
statement o£ the Secretary shows that the revenue is
largely in excess of the needs of the Government
and the extracts cited attest the public demand for
tax revision. The California: delegation in Congress
are each and all of them specifically ; pledged - to
favor such a revision as will put an end to the am
biguities of the act and prevent the practice of tax
shirking and' extortion on the part of the express
company. They may be counted on. therefore, to
favor revision at once. There are many other Con
gressmen who arc similarly pledged, and consc-
country would like to possess. Any one
who goes there with the idea of engaging
in business must, like all who go to a
new country, take chances. No ona here
can assure an intending business man
that any certain business will ba success
ful.
CENTVRY SERIES— W.. Phllo, CaL
The series of essays that are issued un
der the title of "Centvry" are tv« "Cen
tury" series, the letter "v" being substi
tuted for the ordinary "v."
RELIABILITY OF FIRM— B.. Auburn.
Cal. This department does not furnish
Information as to the reliability or. stand-
Ing of any firm or business house, as It
has not the means to obtain that Infor
mation. Such can bo obtained from mer
cantile agencies :
REVENUE STAMP-^J. A. W., Live
Oak, Cal. Dealers in stamps charse from
60 cents to $15 for a conveyance revenue
stamp; 50 cents to Jl 50 for a mortgage
stamp; from Jl to J7 60 for a probate of
will stamp. These three denominations
are red and of the face value- of J2. Tne
price is regulated by the condition In
which they are.
ROCKET BATTERIES— V. O. 8., City.
Rocket batteries In the army hay© been
superseded by the modern mortar. Rocket
batteries when set at four or five, degrees
carry to a point 500 or 600 yards away; at
an angle of forty-seven, from 1760 to 2200
yards. The weight of a 214-inch diameter
shell fired from a rocket Is 6 pounds ana
one of 3U Inch diameter Is 16 pounds.
MONEY IN BANK— Subscriber. City.
If husband and wife deposit money In a
bank with the understanding that either
can draw it out. there is nothing to pre
vent the husband from drawing out that
money and placing it in another bank in
his own name. If it is community prop
erty the husband has control of the same ;
if any portion of the money was the
wife's separate property she would have
a right to make her husband account for
the same.
REGISTRATION— Miner. Jacksonville,
CaL A man when he registers In ord^r to
enable him to vote must make oath that
he la either a native-born or a naturalized
citizen. If any one knows that he made
a false declaration that person can have
him arrested for perjury. This depart
ment cannot advise you how to find out
"that a man who registered is not a citl
xen and find out if he has naturalization
papers." You cannot bring a man into
court on mere suspicion and make him
prove that the suspicion U unfounded.
THE TORRENS SYSTEM-^T. 8., Fa
moso, Cal. The claim is made for th«
Torrens syttem of registration and trans
fer of title to real estate that it frees
land titles of the expense of conveyance,
the perils that have always attended real
estate transactions and the expense of in
vestigating chains of title back through
former owners. It provides for an officer,
or set of officers, experts who can make
an examination of title once for all down
to a given time — that is. down to the time
of the application to have the title reg
istered; and the title being found to be
in the applicant, to certify that fact, en
tering t£e certificate In a book called the
register, and delivering a copy to the
owner, which certificate is conclusive as
to ownership.
THURSDAY APRIL 12, 1900
~JOHrrprSPRECKELS, Proprietor
Address A! I Comfrunicationt to W. S. lE**^ Manager.
PCBL.ICATIOI* OFFICE. .Market smd Third. •. »•
Telephone Mala ISBB.
EDITORIAL ROOMS *1T to 221 SteveM«m St.
Telephone Simla 1b74.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc
Single Coplew. 5 Oat*.
Term* by Mall. Including Fo«to«:«i !
T>AILT CALL (including Sunday), om year fO.OT ,
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). « tnoatbs »•«>
J>ATLT CALL (including Sunday). » month* *••*» .
DAILT CALL— By Blfig'.t Mantn «* |
PUXDAT CALL Oce Te*r *•«» j
ttceklt call oc« r««r '""'"'
All pottnuttn n-rtt awtborl«ed tm re«elT*
¦ ¦bacriptton*.
Sampl* cop»«« will ix forwarded when requested.
OaKLIXD OFFICE JUS Dr»adwaT.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
l/ana£*r Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building, Chicago*
NEW TORE CORREBFONTJEHT:
C C CARLTON . . .' Herald Square
HEW TORJC REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NET7FS STAND*!
Eh«man Howe: P. O. News Co.; QrtmX NorUmti HotalJ
Vratßoot Boom; Auditorium Hot*L
NEW TORK XITWg STANDS t :
¦VfaWort-Artort* Uotal; A. Br«»tAmo. «1 Union Sgtmnrl
C:nr HiU HotaL
WASHINGTON (D. C) OFFICE.... Wellington Hot«j
UORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent.
tm \>CH OFFICES — IV Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntU »:30 ©"dock. 800 Hayes, open until »:30 o'clock. 639
McAllister, open until »:S0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open unUI
»-30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. *-«l
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096
Valencia, cpen cotil • o % clock. 106 Eleventh, open until
8 o'clock. JTSV. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
cpen until 9 o'clock.
The Treatment of Catholics
and Jews in the Transvaal
-pHE corresponding secretary of the Transvaalco^^ J"*
wrote to Hon. Montagu White, representative of the , y aa "epublic BTransv8 Transva aI. because the
1 him to make a statement in regard to the pohtical status not obtain full citizenship ia
Hpi ll^S^^iii'? SX&Z'U g s h o U U do .„, once and for -
Every British sovereign before ascending the throne has to take an oath to trie eirect
° f '"d gSfSTbe Md by Protestants, such as the. Lord Lieutenant of Ireland and the
Lord Ch^ello^ -. V.^ *&&¦s& be said to g^^p^^^gi^ «
members of the Executive Council and the Volksraad must, belong -to the P™' cs » nt h^ oo t her p h 'Sege S and rights of
obtain their votes; they can be, and are, in fact, civil officials, and they enjoy all the otner pmucges
Protestants and burghers^ £ D £
Executive Council is another; two clerks in Dr. Leyds' embassy are Catholics, and there are doubtless many omcrs in
thC CiV < i 'Th e e r ;e iC a e re°aSL e s^Jews in the Government employ, though there are not many, as most of them prefer
financial and commercial occupations, where there is a wider scope iionT n m t l K )? s X,,^V' . ¦„__._», a , w ,n M the
"The ground on the gold fields, upon which nearly all the Roman Catholic churches and convents, a i well as the
Jewish -synagogues, are built, has been presented to these communities by the Transvaal Government «d with one
exception, which I have quoted, namely; that the members of the Volksraad and of the E*«utiv * Council must be
Protestants, there is absolutely no difference made in the exercise of cml rights between a member of the^Dutch
Reform-church and a Catholic or Jew. MONTAGU .WHITE.
THE REGULATION OF TELEPHONES.
AMONG the local issues which ought to be
dealt with by the people of California in the
coming campaign is that of providing for an
adequate regulation of telephone corporations, to the
end that the public may no longer be exposed to the
extortions now practiced. T,he need of a regulating
power is felt wherever telephone monopolies exist,
but that need is especially felt in this city and this
State.
The time is approaching when candidates will bs
nominated for legislative offices, and accordingly the
subject should be at once taken up for consideration
in, every Senatorial and Assembly district where tele
phone corporations ply their trade. It is not a par
tisan issue, nor is it a local issue. It is one that con
cerns the community as a whole, and should be acted
upon by the conventions of all parties that put legis
lative tickets in the field. No man should be nomi
nated by either party who does not give to his con
stituents a specific and emphatic pledge to support,
if elected, legislation next winter directed to the end
of providing the desired supervision;
In San Francisco, where the question is of particu
lar importance by reason of the boast of the corpora
tion that if taxed it will put the taxes in the bills
of its patrons, the issue cannot be ignored, even if the
politicians should wish to do so. The popular de
mand for so amending the charter as to give the
municipal authorities power to supervise and control
telephone corporations in the same way as other cor
porations operating public utilities are supervised
will not antagonize any movement toward State con
trol. On the contrary, it will aid and strengthen
such a movement, and consequently the legislative
tickets nominated in this city will be expected to de
clare as emphatically for State supervision as those
nominated elsewhere.
State issues are too often overlooked in the excite
ment of national campaigns. It is therefore impera
tive to press them upon the notice of politicians early
in the canvass. That is the duty which confronts the
people of California at this juncture. The time to
make the fight for good government is now. If the
people are resolute they can readily obtain from all
candidates for the Senate or the Assembly clear and
explicit pledges on this issue, for the need of some
regulation upon the telephone monopoly is a matter
about which there can be no dispute among intelli
gent and honest men. The subject, therefore, should
be taken up throughout the State by men of all par
ties. Let us have the wrong of telephone extortion
and tax shirking righted when the next Legislature
meets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, APRIL. 12, 1900.
6FAMILY RESORT— EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-five minutes' ride on the bay in that
large, mamlftcent steamer. Ukiah. Danclnr
bowling, fisntne. boating, plenty of shade, re-
freshments, etc. Good ord*r will be maintained.
Adults. 25 cents for the round trip, including
admission to the grounds. Children between
: 6 and 12 yars of a* e 15 cents. - -
1 Leave Tlburon ferry, foot of Market street,
i 10:30 a. m.. - 1 and 4 p. tn., .'Leave El Caxnpo
11:45 a. m., I and 5 p.m.
slons are due to the hasty opinions of
critics and to the manner In which this
superb masterpiece — a flower of national
life — has been translated.
The amu3ins romances of roguery In
imitation of the manner of Lazarillo de
Sormes are utterly unlike "Don Quixote."
The comic episodes* are related with an
air of grandiloquence which gives a flavor
to them so quaint and humorous that it is
as impossible to translate them as it is to
put Mark Twain's "Huckleberry Finn"
or "David Harum" into French. Never
theless "Don Quixote" is delightful, even
when inadequately translated. It is as
much a no\el of character aa "The New
comes" is a novel of character. No culti
vated Spaniard could give high place to
the preceding light romantic sketches
after he had read this chief work of the
golden age of Spain. His satire against
pretended poets. "The Voyage of Parnas
sus," ranks next to "Don Quixote" ; it Is a
beautiful poem, but it is. like Tennyson's
"Princess," at times both serious and
ironical, and there are passages in which
the author docs not seem to know whether
he means to be serious or ironical. Of his
many plays, he mentions especially these:
"The Captives of Alders.' "Numantia"
and "The Naval Engagement." "I made
an attempt to reduce the comedies of four
acts to three: I was the first to repre
sent the phantoms of the imagination and
the hidden thoughts of the soul by intro
ducing figures of them upon the stage;
I composed during this period from
twenty to thirty dramas, all of which
were represented without a single cucum
ber or orange, or any other missile usually
aimed at bad comedians, being .thrown at
the actors."
In the succeeding time of Calderon. the
greatest of all Spanish poets, the theater
became as luxurious in Its apparatus ait
In our day. - Calderon followed the exam
ple of Cervantes and introduced abstract
qualities in human guise Into his "autos."
In "The True God Pan." "The Vineyard
of the Lord." "The Enchantments of
Sin." "The Brazen Serpent" and dozens
of others, sin. taste, touch, smell are per
sonified, as Shakespeare personifies Hy
men at the end of "As You Like It." "
Of CaJderon's many plays. "The Won
derful Magician" is the best known. Shel
ley translated fine passages. Edward Fltz
Gerald and Denis Florence MacCarthy
have likewise translated It. "The Devo
tion of the Cross" Is so terrible and
gloomy and vet so exalted a drama that
St has excited the censure of Sismondi and
other critics, who Insist that It and "The
Physician of His Own Honor" are unfit
for presentation— as unfit, som* of th*»
English rritlcs say. as the "One!" of
Shelley. But these dramas are great works
of literature, and no reader who alms for
culture can afford to neglect them. With
them the golden age of Spanish literature
reached Us height. Th» "autos" — th«
splendidly mounted religious "acts"
played at the court of Philip IV or In th«
plazas before great palaces on feast days
—will r«»pay study. The best translation
of the most Important of them is by the
late Denis Florence MacCarthy. Cer
vantes. Calderon and Lope de Vega w<?r<?
friends. Calderon dramatized "Don
Quixote": having been a soldier. h» be
came nt last a priest, while remaining a
poet. He died In ISSl— on May 2T»— revered,
beloved and honored. Great names crowd
the epoch of Spain's splendor, hut none Is
so great as that of any one of thess three.
Do not miss The Call's ]
Easter number— out April 15. -
In addition to interesting and •
timely articles appropriate' for ' \
the joyous closing of the Lent- .
en season, there will be some -
full-page halftone productions "
of specially chosen subjects by \
leading artists of America. -
You will want these for deco- "
rative posters. ;
German Women Turners.
. The Ladles' Auxiliary of ,ii;s . Elntracht
Turnschwestern held a meeting: on Tues
day at Elntracht Hall, 237 Twelfth street,
and elected the. following officers: Presi
dent, Miss Lottie Heinlcke; vice president.
Miss Emily Miller: secretary. Miss Bertha
Bredlow;; treasurer, Miss Lena Egeberg.
After the Installation of officers an enter
tainment and banquet were given, fol
lowed by dancing.
ARTISTIC PRODUCTION OF A MUSICAL
GEM.!
Balfs's Bea.at!ful Ballad Opera.
TI BOHEMIAN GIRL
EVERY EVENING. MATINEE SATURDAY.
EPECIAL:!— NEXT WEEK— SPECIAL!!
Frank Daniels* Great Cctnlc Opera,
'THE WIZARDjF THE NILE"
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
Telephone, Bash t.
4tLVh eat r r>A ?
EVERY NIGHT INCLUDING SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
THE FAD OF* THE HOUR.
"QUO VADIS!"
EEATS EEC DATS IN ADVANCE.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Ask for Allen's Foot-ease.
A powder to shake Into your shoes. It rests the
feet and makes walking easy. Cures Corns and
Bunions, Swollen. Callous and Sweating feet.
Sold by all druggists and shoe stores. 25c Ask
to-day. Sample FREE. Address, Allen S. Olm
¦ted. Le Roy. N. Y.
BOBBY GAYLOR; / » CflmPfJf
DE FORRESTS; / sft5 ft V Ull J CO J
EMPIRE COMEDT FOUR; / Rjl fjf
El 6TEBBINS; / Ji'" "'
MATTHEWS and HARRIS: / UnSOr*
HARRI COGILL and / -.«,-«|
MAY ARLEA: / D3SSBO
EARL aad SHEPHERD; / r_. B ,i B _..
CARRIE BEHR. / tXCBIIBIICB*
= LAET WEEK OF =
J±. L. G-XJILLEI.
Referred Peats. 25c; Baloony, 10c; Opera
CT.aJrs and Box Seats. SOc
Matinees Wednesday. Eaturday aad Scnday.
AMUSEMENTS.
PHONE MAIN E33.
GRAND DOUBLE BILL.
For the remainder of the week.
THE BEST MEMBERS OF THE
CALIFORNIA MINSTRELS.
And by popular demand.
Richard Walton Tully's Screaming Faroe,
"JamesWobbertsJ. S.S. Boston."
BCNDAT EVENING NEXT. April 15.
OUR NEW YORK EXTRAVAGANZA COM-
PANT In
"AH ARABIAN CIRL."
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved scat In orchestra at all matinees,
25c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
FISCHER'S
JL CONCERT HOUSE
122-124 O'FARRELL ST.
E. A. FISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOOSEB Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall in America.
The Best Orchestra In the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:
NEW BILL TO-NIGHT.
B:OO— AUGUST HINRICHS* SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
f:2o— FIGNOniNA PUERERL
B:2S— SENORITA SALVIN'L
>:07— BABT RUTH.
*:23— SIONORINA POLLETTINL
B:S3— EIGNORINA BARDUCCI.
10:17— DUET— VARGAS-SALVLNL
10:24— BABT RUTH.
11:00 to 11:45— "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
10c 10c
ATM KfFM JKNTS.
Every Night, Including Sunday— Matinee Sat.
ALL THIS AND
THE NEXT WEEK.
HOT ATTOT H. Vest's BIG
UKtAltdl
SUCCESS jtetrel
< zsggS, Jubilee !
—By a—
MINETREL ==TO =
C °"££f* T G REAT FIRST PART !
San rnANCisco. = =to =
SPECIAL PRICES — 25c f 35c, 50c. 75c, SI.
SCHOOL BOARD
TAKES CONTROL
OF JANITORS
Demands of Superintendent
Webster Finally Com- .
plied With.
Investigation of a Teacher Illegally
Granted a Certificate—Unsani
tary Condition of Emerson
Primary School.
>
The Board of Education yesterday re
ceded from its position In its controversy
with Superintendent Webster regarding
the payment of school Janitors by practi
cally reasaumlng control over them. Reso
lutions were adopted whereby the action
of the Board of Public Works In recently
dismissing thirteen Janitors and appoint
ing others to take their places was af
firmed. Six other Janitors were trans
ferred and the resignations of two were
accepted, action on them having likewise
been taken by the- Board of Works. In
this way Superintendent Webster's objec
tions to signing the Janitors' demands, be
cause the State law provides that the
School Board has absolute control over
Its employes, have been satisfied, and as
soon as he receives official communica
tion that the board has by resolution re
appolnted the Janitors originally selected
by the Board of Works he will sign their
salary demands.
The board decided to take under advise
ment the following report of Superintend
ent Webster In the case of a teacher who
was granted an illegal renewal of her cer
tificate after It had expired: .
Investigation has revealed the fact that in
1592 a special certificate to teach French In
the public schools of this city and county
was Issued to Mrs. R C. Clifford upon an ex
pired certificate originally Issued to her In
1875. This act was Illegal. It becomes my
duty to notify the board of the foregoing facts
In order that section 1701 of the Political Code
of this State may be compiled with.
Walter S. Brann's leave of absence was
extended until August 5. 1900.
Inspector of Buildings Wellln was di
rected to investigate the report of the
Health Board regarding the unsanitary
condition of the Emerson Primary School.
The teachers of French were excused
from attendance on April 16, 17, IS, 19, 20
and 23 In order to permit them to attend
lectures by Professor de Regnler at the
University of California.
The sum of $10 was allowed monthly for
ohyslcal training of the girls In the Poly
technic High School.
J2lc?Fic Y FOR KIDNEY OR LIVER DISEASES.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Ladles' $3 50 kid lace shoes for 12 3 a
pair at the Bee Hive Shoe C 0. ,717 Market.*
££% VERY LATEST
rW.vfA Straight Front,
\Wv i Hand-Made
li SAPPHIRE
/f|§ CORSETS
l^M $3.00io:$15,00
/^f% 10; Gearu St.,
// A irl CORNER KEARNT.
pF^I\ lj CHESTER F; WRIGHT,
At>»i ~T*\h Royal ¦ Worcester • Cor-
¦¦ "~ T" ¦:'.-._¦.. set-Fitting Parlors.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
EIXTH MEETING. April 9 to 20, Inclusive.
Blx nlgh-clast running races every week day
rain or eblne, beKicnlng at 1:30 p. m
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons «tcp directly from the railroad cars into
a superb grand stand. glass-Inclosed, where,
comfortably housed In bad weather, they can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races
Trains leave Third and Townsend meets at
10:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:15. 12:X5, 1260
and 1:» p. m.. returning Immediately after
la*t race at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
eerved for women and their escorts. No smjk-
lng;. Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
Sa& Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Druno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
RATES— San Franeieco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track, $1.25
«. U-^-Hr* J - MAR TIN. President.
F. H. ORBKN. K*cr»tary and Manager.
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVJ2NINQ.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
The Amateurs
AT
The Handicap
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE.
Cakewalk Contest Saturday Night
Seau by Telephone— Park 23.
STUDENTS' LECTURE COURSE.
F-OURTH LECTURE
APRIL J2th. 8 P. M
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
PROF. ALFRED EMERSON.
"The Americxa Excavation at Corinth."
< :llßstratrd with .c!*reoptif-on).. c !*reoptif-on). ADMISSION,
M ce&U. Tickets at Elder & Sfecphard'i,
Suede Gloves
for E a s t e r — $ 1 .5 0 « pair
; w. m. smith, A«ent 200 Post Street
'CENTRAL PARK, S'iSSS
I TWO WEEKS. Beginning Saturday, April 14th.
Trained Animal Show!
Lartrer and Grander than Ever. Twice Its
former size. Three Hundred Elephants. Ponies,
Monkeys and Dogs. Giving positively the most
unique and covel exhibition ever witnessed
under canva*. Representing the highest pos-
ni.;» development of animal intelligence. 75—
WONDERFUL ACTS— 7S. More startllne and
dlfflcult thaji ever t* rformed by their human
1 prototypes in the sawdust arena. The fad of
I the fashionables and an Instructive show for old
and youne. A moet moral and refined enter-
tainment. The clearest and best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. Admission— Children. 10c;
Adults. 2Sc Performance at 1 o'clock after-
noon. 8:39 night. Bee Grand Parade at noon
rnrti flay Khnw rain or a hln»-
BERGEN ARRAIGNED IN
THE FEDERAL COURTS
Superintendent I/each of the Mint
Thanks Chief Sullivan for Ef
fecting the Arrest.
Benjamin Bergen, weigher at the Mint,
who was arrested for stealing gold bul
lion, was brought before United States
Commissioner Heacock yesterday morn
ing and identified as being the person
named in the warrant. Bail was fixed at
$2000, and April 19 at 2 p. m. was set as
the date of the preliminary examination.
Superintendent Leach of the Mint called
upon Chief Sullivan yesterday morning
and thanked him for effecting Bergen's
capture through Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea. which he had already reported to
Washington. He had given due credit to
the Police Department In his report,
which was the more praiseworthy, as he
had had private detectives on the case
for some time without any result.
Wells for Mayor.
PORTLAND, April U.— The Democrats
to-day nominated Dr. George M. Wells for
Mayor.
and romances that were neither verse nor
prose, encouraged his taste for the litera
ture of the imagination. At 23 he had no
profession and no income. He wrote the
pastoral romance "Filena." Life and the
activities of life delighted him. He start
ed off, after the manner of his time, for
the "wander year," which was to prove a
"wonder year" of great length for him.
People were kind to poor traveling stu
dents in those days. "If you give to learn
ing." as the Spanish proverb says, "you
give to God." Earlier St. Francis d Asslsl
made his monks not tread on a piece of
written paper, for, as it was the work
of a learned man, it might contain the
name of God; and even if the learned
man who wrote It were a pagan, it might
hold the letters that make up the name of
God.
Until he reached Italy Cervantes was
treated by high and low— particularly by
the low— as one of those learned human
letters that might one day add to the
greater glory of God. Cardinal Acquarria
became his patron at Rome. Shortly after
this he dropped the pen and took up the
sword. The Turks were threatening
Europe and the African corsairs forced
Spain to be on guard. In 1572 occurred
the battle of Lepanto, in which Don Juan
of Austria saved Christendom and in
which Cervantes lost part of an arm. An
Aigerine pirate seized him on his way
home. For eight years he was a slave,
and it Is assumed that his picturesque ro
mance, "The Captives," Is founded on his
exile in Africa. After 1581. when he was
ransomed, he wrote "Galatea." an idyl, a
pastoral romance; almost as sweet as "As
You Like It" and quite as moral. It had
a great success. Lope de Vega, the Inde
fatigable dramatist, came Into high favor,
though Philip II kept the gloomy eye of
intolerance on all things. And Cervantes,
Impressed with his own power as a play
wright, entered the lists against him.
This Lope Felix de Vega Carplo was a
native of Sladrid. He had been left while
young an orphan without means, but he
was of good blood. His education was un
finished. Don Geronymo Manrlque. the
Bishop of Avila and grand inquisitor, sent
him to Avila to complete his education.
At this university he obtained his bacca
laureate degree. He was for a time secre
tary to the Duke of Alva. He married,
fought a duel, almost killed his opponent
and when he was allowed to return to
Madrid his wife died. Full of national
pride, inflamed by the treatment of Cath
erine of Aragon by the father of Eliza
beth, and anxious to avenge that Insult to
the daughter of Ferdinand and Isabella,
ho joined the Spanish armada. He reached
Spain after the wreck of Spain's hopes
and married again. After a period of
great happiness his second wife died. He
became a priest and devoted himself en
tirely to the composition of poetry- His
dramas caught the taste of the Spanish
people. They adored him; he could not
walk in the streets of Madrid without
being surrounded by crowds of admirers.
Pope Urban VIII made him a doctor of
theology and a Knight of Malta: honors
of all sorts were showered upon him.
Managers of theaters, fought for his
pieces while he , was writing them. "They
could hardly wait until the sheets were
dry. He was not of the classical school:
he was as romantic and untrammeled as
Shakespeare: and Racine, Co rnellle, or
that most stringent of critics, Voltaire,
could have. no sympathy with him. The
people said, he said; it was his business
to please the people. ' He was always
poetic, no matter how hastily he wrote,
and for this reason the poetic Spanish
MIGUEL DE CERVANTES.
JUDGE JAMES BLAMED
FOR STRANGE RULING
Irregularities Charged Against TTfm
in Regard to Chinese Depor
tation Cases.
Bert Schleslnger of the law firm of Den-
Bon & Schleslnger filed yesterday his
brief In*tho habeas corpus application of
See Ho How, alias How Tim. The brief
relies In great part upon the decision of
the Federal court in the matter of Jew
Sing. In that case Jew Sing had received a
residence certificate, but had gone to Mex
ico and returned. In Its decision the court
says:
Certificates issued under the act of May 5,
ISS2, have a meaning and value. They are evi
dence of the right of the holder to remain
Japs Ordered Deported.
The Immigration Bureau's Special
Board of Inquiry yesterday reported to
Commissioner North in favor of debarring
from admission to this port thlrty-threo
of the Japanese who arrived on the Bel
gian King. The board was of the. opinion
that the immigrants were contract labor
ers, and Commissioner North ordered
them deported to the country whence they
came. They will take an appeal to Com
missioner Powderly.
HONEYMOON SPENT
IN THE CITY PRISON
Mrs. Margaret Kane IDetermined to
Keep the Money of L. H.
Jewell, the Miner.
Elmer Kane and his bride Margaret
appeared in Judge Cabanlss* court yester
day, when the bride was charged with
bringing stolen property in the shape of
J3SOO into this State from Dawson City.
She was represented by Attorney George
A. Knight. Who asked that the bonds of
$7000 be reduced. Ho stated that the
woman was a partner of the complaining
witness, L. H. Jewell, and was entitled to
the money. The case was continued till
to-morrow.
A warrant was sworn out by Jewell for
Kane's arrest on the charge of receiving
stolen money, and he was booked on the
charge. Ills wife gave him th© key of
the safe. deposit vault where the money
was placed to take $500 to pay the attor
ney's fee. Detective T. B. Gibson found
this out and arrested Kane with the
money In his possession.
From 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
To-morrow (Friday) we will Bell 900 pairs
ladles' fine kid ties for 70c a pair, "worth
$2 50. "The Standard," 1029 Market street,
between Sixth and Seventh. •
FURS.
FUR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOEFLICH. 116 Grant aye.
ENOINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER * HAMILTON. Engines and Boiler-:
lowest prices en the coast. Pin* A Davis sts.
STUDENT PLAY WILL
CONTINUE ALL WEEK
Proceeds to Assist IT. C Track Team
to Make Expected Trip to
the East.
"James Wobberta," the student play at
the Grand Opera-house, has . taken the
popular fancy, and as a consequence the
University of California management has
decided to continue It throughout the
week. The minstrel performance, which
was to hold the boards for the remainder
of the week, will not be entirely supplant
ed. The best features and several musical
numbers by glee, banjo and mandolin
clubs will be presented In the first part of
the evening, and the curtain will go up
on 'James Wobberts" after an hour of
musical entertainment. "James Wob
berts" was originally presented with a
curtain-raiser. The musical entertainment
will take the place of this, making the
total length of the Bhow about three
hours.
Th© Innate strength and humor of "James
\Y obberts" has more than made up for the
lack of reputation of playwright and com
pany. The audiences have been larger
and more appreciative each succeeding
night. In a somewhat revised version
"James Wobberts" has been copyrighted
and it will be put upon the road within a
month under the name of "A Perfect
Devil." The venture has secured good
financial backing and the "Perfect Devil"
company will tour the coast. The com
pany will Include some of the student am
ateurs, but professionals will be engaged
for the leading characters.
The remaining performances of univer
sity week are a benefit to the fund for the
Eastern trip of the California track team.
The San Francisco High Schools, which
annually send large delegations to the
State University, have put their shoulders
to the wheel, and the matinee Saturday
afternoon will be held under their aus
pices. The double bfll begins to-night and
continues until Sunday.
COMMERCIAL MUSEUM
COMMITTEE'S REPORT
T hose Appointed to Canvass for Sub
scriptions and Members Meet
ing With Success.
A meeting of the executive committee
of the Pacific Commercial Museum was
held yesterday afternoon In the new head
quarters of the committee In the Mills
building. The chairmen 'of the various
committees to be" appointed to canvass
the city for subscriptions and members
filed their reports, which show the fol
lowing committees:
Committee for coal dealers — Charles R. Allen,
chairman; P. B. Cornwall, Henry Rosenfeld, R,
D. Chandler, J. A. S. Lowe, George Flitch, H.
C. Henderson. William H. Fisher. John L.
Howard. W. J. Barnett, James B. Smith.
Committee for furniture dealers — George,
Cooper, chairman: N. P. Cole, C. M. Plum.
Hamilton Pace. Wallace Bradford.
Committee for crockery dealers— F. W. Dohr
rr.ann, chairman; B. Schloss, Maurice Block,
S. Sternhelm. •
Committee for canners — A. O. Freeman,
chairman; Henry Fortmann, 8. M. Smith, Jay
Demlns.
Committee for irrocers— William Haas, chair
man, Fred Tlllmann, Gus Wormser.
Committee for wholesale liquor dealers—Mor
ris Meyerfeld, chairman; C. W. Craig-, Thomas
Klrkpatrlck. Joseph Loewe. F. C. Slebe, Wil
liam Wolff. William Alfs.
Committee, for wine producers— P. C. Rossi,
chairman; C. Bundschu, C. Schilling:.
Committee on teas, coffees and Bplces — A.
Schilling, chairman; James Otis. George A.
Moore, C. B. Blckford. E. R. Folder.
Committee for sras fixtures— Frank Symmes,
chairman; A. Rudgear, F. W. Farrar.
Committee for hardware dealers— A. A. Wat
kins, chairman; William R. Wheeler. A. C.
Rulofson, Joseph Eloes.
Isaac Upham, chairman of the commit
tee for books and stationers, reported that
he had canvassed the stationers himself
for the subscriptions. Instead of appoint
ing a committee, and that they had all
subscribed.
Isidor Zellerbach, chairman of the com
mittee on wholesale paper houses, met
with equal Buccess.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 1:15.
FIRST OF THE THURS-
DAY MATINEES.
ANT> EVERY EVENTNO THIS WEEK
AND SATURDAY MATINEE
AIR. JAMES NEILL
AND COMPANY.
In their tmrreceder.ted hit of Sol Emlth Rus-
cell's greatest comedy success.
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE.
Cfc'.Mren uafter seven not admitted.
POSITIVELY NO ADVANCE IS TEE P&ICEB.
GROCERIES AND PROVISIONS
Ontfits racked. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard.
t&S Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
MATTESON'S SLUICE WASHER.
Long torn, riffles asd carpet combined saves
placer rold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally. «23 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
SALE COMMENCES TO-DAY!
THE GREATEST MUSICAL EVENT OF
THEM ALL!
THE TWO GREAT RUSSIANS IN JOINT
RBCXTALS
MONTXAT. WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY AJ"-
TERNOONS. NEXT./
PETSCHNIKOFP,
Tfce Poet o£ the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
The Blegtried of the Piano.
AIME LACHADME,
T%e Dtstlcg-aished Pianist and Composer.
7se eyrsjibecy orchestra will assist at the
Monday concert.
Reeerred seats. EOc, 51, SI IX S3.
FROM
SEA
AND
SMORE
New Steamer Robert Dollar
Has Her Trial Trip w
on the Bay.
Goes From Here to Puget Sound,
Where She Will Be Fitted Out
for the Oape Nome
Trade.
s
Another fine steamer was added to the
Cape Nome fleet yesterday. The Robert
Dollar had her Initial trial trip on the
bay and proved herself to be a fast and
speedy vessel. Over the measured mile
she exceeded eleven knots an hour, and
as soon as her machinery 1b in perfect
working order it is expected she will make
fully twelve knots an hour.
The Robert Dollar was built at Gray's
Harbor and engined in San Francisco. She
is 203 feet long, 38 feet beam and 15 feet
deep. She was towed here from Grays
Harbor, and brought down the largest
load of lumber that ever passed out over
the Grays Harbor bar. She was fitted
here with triple expansion engines and
Babcock & "Wllcox boilers, and is now
classed as Al in every respect.
The Dollar was to have had her official
trial trip yesterday, but the officials from
the engine shop were not ready, so Robert
Dollar, the managing owner, gave his
friends and. Invited guests a trip around
the bay. ;
The Robert Dollar will leave here for
Seattle on Saturday. On her arrival in the
Sound she will be built up and passenger
accommodations provided for 800 gold
hunters. After the rush to Nome is over
Bhe will come back to San Francisco and
go into the coasting trade.
Two More New Steamers.
The steamer W. H. Kruger, built for the
Truckee Lumber Company, also had her
trial trip on the bay yesterday. She will
carry 450.000 feet of lumber and will run
between here and Tillamook.
•> The steamer Nome City, built at Eu
reka, left that place !n tow of the tug
Rescue for San Francisco yesterday. On
her arrival here she will be engined and
put in the Cape Nome trade.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The contract for repairing slip No. 4 was
let by the Harbor Commissioners yester
day to James McMahon for $1344 75. The
contract for the repavlng of the spaces at
the north and south ends of the ferry de
pot was let to the City Street Improve
ment Company at 7T4 cents per square
foot, while the cesspools are to cost $24 75
each. Newson & McNeil wrote to the
board complaining that they had been de
layed In their Job at the north end of the
ferry by the State officials, and that ow
ing to the advance In carpenters' wages
they were out of pocket $240. They asked
the board to repay them that amount. A
similar complaint was received from
James McMahon In regard to his work at
Spear street. He asked for $155 damages.
Both requests will be acted upon when
the contracts are completed.
The bark Martha Davis arrived from
Hllo yesterday and was placed in quaran
tine.
GAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
THE AUTHOR OF DON QUIXOTE.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
loved him. "According to his own testi
mony." Herr Bouterwek says, "he wrote
on an average five sheets a day; It has
therefore been computed that the number
of sheets which he composed during his
life must have amounted to 123.225 and
that allowing for the deduction of a small
portion of prose. Lope de Vega must have
written upward of 21.300,000 verses." His
theatrical profits were so great that he
became a rich man. He gave away money
generously, but to the end of his life he
could have lived luxuriously if he would.
He did not create the Spanish drama, but
he fixed its form and spirit.
The word "comeclia" (comcdy> In Span
ish must not be taken to mean a light,
satirical play of manners, with a mar
riage or several marriages at the end. It
was a play of Intricate plot, surprising
adventure, puzzling Intrigue. Its story
might be sad. gay, with a touch of satire,
historical, heroic; it might e%en be a bur
lesque. In fact. It might cover as many
qualities as our own now does. It was
divided into the sacred and temporal
drama— divine and human comedies; the
temporal comedies were called "heroic"
or "of the cloak and sword" (capa y es
pada). The latter answered to our mod
ern idea of the comedy of manners,
though there was r.o limit to the Intri
cacy of the plot or the number of adven
tures. Lope wrote over 2000 original plays.
Including the dramatized lives of the
saints and the sacramental acts (Autos
Sacramentales). which were a species by
themselves. Against this dramatic prod
igy. Cervantes entered the lists. Ha
failed. Of the thirty plays he WTOte In
competition with Lope only his tragical
play of "Numantla" and "Life in Algiers"
are remembered.
He began, after hi 3 marriage, his series
of "Instructive Novels" (Novelas Exem
plares), of which good translations may
be found In the Bonn library, and these
were well received. Imprisoned at La
Mancha, owing to some difficulty not re
flecting In any way on his honor, he- be
gan bis celebrated novel of "Don Quix
ote." It appeared in 1606. The Spanish
writers preceding Cervantes had moments
of sublime inspiration, and they knew
how to sing it. "The Cid." Lope de Vega,
gave a new world of delight to all Spain
and furnished all Europe with material
for plays. Calderon Is almost universal
and above the limits of nationality in hi*
sublimity, but the finest flower of this
one great ago of Spanish literature i»
"Don Quixote." It was the work of a.
lifetime, the result of the thought and
observation of a mature mind. Serious,
yet humorous, replete with Spanish feel
ing, yet so sympathetic with universal
life that It has been put among the four
"king books" in all the western civilized
countries. There la no finer gentleman In
all the world of great fiction than the
knight of La Mancha. who was not mad.
but filled with one idea. It Is a mistake
to Imagine that Cervantes wrote "Don
Quixote" with the Bide Intention of laugh-
Ing the foolish and exaggerated books of
chivalry out of the good graces of the
Spanish people, or to believe that It la a
comic burlesque of life In Spain In the
seventeenth century. These false impres-
XV. CERVANTES AND THE GOLD
EN AGE OF SPANISH LIT- •
ERATURE.
BY MAURICE FRANCIS EGAN, LL. D.
Miguel da Cervantes Saavedra was born
at Alcala de Henares in the year 1547. He
died in the same year as Shakespeare —
1616. He appeared at a fortunate time; the
Spaniards— the Spanish literature was
much more Influenced by the tastes and
prejudices of the people than by the rigid
rules of an aristocratic group— were weary
of the constant imitation of Italian
models. There bad even been one or two
who had dared to disregard the classical
axioms of Aristotle's "Poetics" and to in
sist that a literature should not only ex
press personality and nationality, but that
it should discard, a foreign mold.
In one sense both Cervantes and Lope de
Vega (1562-1625) found the ground prepared
for them. It was fertilized by the debris
of many works. And the three greatest
names of the golden age of Spanish liter
ature—Cervantes, Lope de Vega and Cal
deron (1600-16S1)— blazed out. not from
darkness, but from the lesser glow of
many inferior lights. D-vnte, as Rossettl
points out In his remarkable book, "Dante
and His Bride," was one of a group, and
his predecessors made the way for him;
so Cervantes was not the first to cast
aside that slavish Imitation of Italian
models which had so long hurt the vitality
of Spanish literature. A stu«y of the his
tory of Spanish literature will show that
it owes little to kings. It was as much a
reflection of the national spirit as the lit
erature of the Elizabethans was of na
tional tendencies and aspirations. Kings
repressed, and the Inquisition Itself— which
the state controlled— fought against the
secular spirit of the drama, which the
Spaniards loved with all their hearts.
Against the love of this proud, passionate,
religious and patriotic people for literary
and dramatic expression the opposition of
kings and of the inquisition was vain.
There was never any antagonism between
religion and the Spanish literary expres
sion; there was an antagonism at times
between state ecclestastlcism and the de
termination of the people not to submit
literary expression to too rigid a censor
ship.
Lope de Rueda had written dramas in
the Castlllan speech, and these, in a the
ater quite as rough as the town hall at
Stratford-on-Avon i of Shakespeare's boy
hood, Cervantes had seen at Madrid. It
was to this city that he had been sent by
hls parents, who were poor and ambitious,
to pick up such learning as he could. He
studied Ovid and Virgil, of course, and his
preceptor, Juan Lopez, who wrote verses
NEW METHODS
IN SCHOOL AFFAIRS
TO BE OPPOSED
State Educational Commis
sion Will Convene This
Morning.
Plan to Grant High School Certifi
cates Without - Examination Is'
in Disfavor — Other Topics
Up for Discussion.
The State Educational Commission will
convene this morning at 10 o'clock in the
assembly room of the Board of Education.
It was appointed by State Superintendent
of Schools Kirk, President Wheeler of the
University of California and President
Jordan of Stanford, and is composed of a
score of prominent educators of the State.
The object of the gathering Is to discuss
educational topics and changes in legisla
tion connected with school affairs.
Among the subjects which will be
brought up for discussion are the follow
ing: First— That high school certificates
be granted without examination and on
presentation of proper credentials from
accredited institutions. Second— That the
State Superintendent of Public Schools be
selected by a committee of prominent ed
ucators Instead of being elected, as at
present.
Considerable opposition will develop
against both propositions.' The doing
away with examinations for high school
teachers, It is held by the opponents of
the plan, will result In the selection of
teachers from the University of California
only, which Is alone recognized by the
statute. Two years devoted to the study
of pedagogy In that institution will bo
sufficient, for high school certificate re
quirements if the new plan is put in op
eration. -;•¦:--. - •¦•-"...¦•
To place the selection of the State Su
perintendent in the hands of a committee,
it is argued, will cause even a worse sys
tem of politics than ever and is objection
able on that ground.
Superintendent T. J. Kirk is chairman
of the committee. The other members are
Superintendent J. W. McClymonds of
Oakland, Professor E. P. Cubberley of
Stanford. Superintendent J. W. Linscott
of Santa Cruz. R. M. Shackelford of Paso
Robles, Superintendent Robert Furlong of
San Rafael, Professor E. E. Brown of
Berkeley and G. W. Beattie of Berkeley.
The programme of subjects as prepared
by the committee is as follows: Certifica
tion of teachers, time for selecting school
trustees and electing teachers, governing
Board of State Normal Schools and re
quirements for admission, concentration
and consolidation of county school dis
tricts and the transportation of pupils.
WARNER'S .REMEDIES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 1900.
In the. country. The right thus conferred la a
valuable one, to be taken away by the courts
only upon clear proof that the holder has
committed some act which would deprive him
of the privilege of remaining in the United
States.
The certificate makes out a urima facia case
in behalf of the right to remain. _To overcome
the presumption arising from the possession of
the certificate the testimony ; should be clear
and convincing, and until the Government has
made out such a case the holder of the certi
ficate Is not required to make further proof.
In the case now before Judge do Haven
If Is conceded that See Ho How has a
valid certificate, that he has resided in
San Jose for nearly twenty years and that
he has not left the United States during
that period. The action of United States
Commissioner James in thi3 matter is un
favorably commented upon by United
States District Attorney Coombs, Assist
ant District Attorney Banning, Internal
Revejjue Agent Hurt Thomas and many
other Federal officials. The District At
torney says that he was not notified of
the arrest of the Chinaman, and that he
learned of It by accident. It was the duty
of the Commissioner to notify the Unitea
States Attorney. The complaint was
made by W. A. Soto, not a Government
official, and Mr. Soto could not be found
either here or in San Jose when Mr. Ban
ning desired him as a witness. He was
informed that Soto was a laboring man
who spent all his leisure time in hanging
around a cigar store and playing cards
Mr. Banning says further that it is not
customary for Commissioners to issue
warrants in such cases upon complaints
made by persons not Federal officers
flilPPPiißlii
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
L'DAPU & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
l\l\UUfl i"=K dally; 1 M-Hp. gaaollne en-
gine cheap. I Stevenson. S. F.
CAPE NOME ENGINES.
FOUR more of the** small, light-weight Nome
engines hare arrived from East; call soon.
Rlx Engineering and Supply Co., 619 Howard.
DSEDGIva PUMPS.
Otl. Gasoline. Eteam Hoists, Centrifugal Pump*.
Eaffl&es&Bcllen. HendyMacb.Wk9.,44 Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY fi MODELS.
L. PETERSON. S44A Mission. S. F.: communi-
cations from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
furplr fresh or rait water for sluloe boxes;
.iirh cr low lifts. Blmonds. 13 Market st.
OOLT SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. Ui Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. Xt Fol-
torn «tre*t. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
LIQUORS.
WHICI^FV L. CAHEN & SON,
TVniOIVL I 418 Sacramento.
OILS. *
LnmTCATTNO Oil. Crude Otl and Oa»olln««.
ENSIGN A McGUFTICK. M Swar St.. S. F.
PLATES FOR SAVIJfO GOLD.
£c?:aez]eln tc Burrtdg*. I Hardle clue*, oft
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush street*.
F. W. BELL. Central Plating Works. BS3 Mis-
sion st.. 8. F. Phcna JessU 3CL
ROCKERS.
OCrrPDC H01»-Hnla Rocker: Centrifugal
KUWRLa 3 Eand Pumps: Machinery. PARKE
A LACY CO.. 11 Fremont st.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BCRNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
aad Ist sts.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. F.
- OASOLINE ENGINE?.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS is filling
many orders fcr Nome. 141-143 First st., S. F.
TENTS AND COVERS.
NEVILLE tt CO.. manufacturer*, bags. t*nta>
covers. l\ and 13 Callloral* at.
raicLCß Conducted under the
" — "" —" American and Euro-
'o r\f\ P ean Plans, and in a
< *' AA - U| 'V manner that will sat-
¦ V isfy the most exacting
GPclllCi and particular taster
- • 1400 rooms — 900 with
tt a. 1 baths.
Hotels
1
Weekly Call $1.00 perJeartion. being in fact a payment on account by
New York of London's obligations to Argen
tina. The money market here continued easy
under the influence of large gains by the banks
from the sub-treasury. But apprehension still
exists that if the high money rates in London
should draw gold from New York money rates
here would harden. .
The bond market was moderately active and
prices were Inclined to yield. Total sales, par
value, $1,665,000.
United States 3s (coupon) declined % and
the old 4s advanced % In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— Bid.
4.8H3 Atchlson 26Tm
16.155 Atchlson preferred 10%
7,265 Baltimore & Ohio 85V4
620 Canadian Pacific Sl\
400 Canada Southern 56%
9.450 Chesapeake & Ohio 33
325 Chicago Great Western 13%
16.150 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 12S**
1,200 Chicago, Ind & Louisville a... 27^
400 Chicago, Ind & Louisville prefd 69
Chicago Sc Eastern Illinois 104
100 Chicago & Northwestern 162%
8.400 Chicago, Hock Island & Pacific lU\
2.i00 C C C & St Louis 64
... Colorado Southern 6\
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 43^i
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17
200 Delaware & Hudson 117
300 Delaware. Lackawanna & Western. .lSO
400 Denver &. Rio Grande 21%
2.C00 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 72%
Erie 139*
:00 Erie Ist prefd 41%
CS7 Great Northern prefd 163* i
ICO Hocking Coal 16% i
740 Hocking Valley 3'J
132 Illinois Central 115%
200 lowa Central IS%
200 lowa Central prefd ! 53%
100 Kans City. Pittsburg & Gulf IS
2,450 Lake Erie & Western 32
Lake Erie & Western prefd »7%
Lake Shore 200
11.078 Loulfville & Nashville 85%
10,173 Manhattan Elevated 87
6,730 Metropolitan Street Railway 166
Mexican Central 13
160 Minneapolis & St Louis G6*i
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 96
37,978 Missouri Pacific Wi
Mobile & Ohio .*..... 46« i
200 Missouri. Kans & Texas 11%
400 Missouri, Kans & Texas prefd 36%
410 New Jersey Central 113%
3.300 New York Central 13o=V t
4.1*60 Norfolk & Western 30%
1.4*5 Norfolk & Western prefd 77Vi
23.21*0 Northern Pacific 53%
2.14S Northern Pacific prefd 76%
4.200 Ontario & Western 25
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42 !
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 76
17.157 Pennsylvania t 139
*20 Reading 19\4
10.800 Reading Ist prefd 63Vi |
800 Reading 2d prefd 33% >
Rio Grande Western 53% !
Rio Grande Western prefd S3 '
St Louis & San Francisco 11%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70
f.OO St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 36\
100 St Louis, Southwestern 12
4.4C0 St Louis. Southwestern prefd 32%
8,350 St Paul 122 1 i
200 St Paul prefd 172%
St Paul & Omaha 117
13.550 Southern Pacific 39%
4.125 Southern Railway 14%
4.145 Southern Railway prefd 59%
4.513 Texas & Pacific IS
86.855 Union Pacific 58U
4,222 Union Pacific prefd 76U
Wabash 8
4,400 WabßFh prefd 22%
910 Wheeling & I. X 10%
I.GOO Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 30»,i
1,600 Wisconsin Central IS»4
Express Companies —
Adams 117
American 14S
United States 47%
Wells-Fargo 123
Miscellaneous —
620 American Cotton Oil 37U
American rvrtton Oil prefd 99
American* Malting 4Vi
200 American Malting prefd 21
2/wO Am Smelting & Refining 3SV4
4SO Am Smelting & Mining prefd SS%
American Spirits 2%
American Spirits prefd 17
700 American Steel Hoop 33' i
2.-.H American Pteel Hoop prefd 79
63.1K2 American Fteel & Wire W>%
3.350 American Steel & Wire prefd 56%
1.560 American Tin Plate 31%
COO American Tin Plate prefd 83
26,049 American Tobacco 1f.6%
American Tobacco prefd 135
2.375 Anaconda Mining Co 52%
4«.575 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76%
2.C00 Colorado Fuel & Iron 48%
26.250 Continental Tobacco 29 \
5.209 Continental Tobacco prefd 81
21.3T.5 Federal Steel .\ 45%
2,825 Federal Stee.l prefd 73
400 General Electric 132%
SCO Glucose Sugar 51
Glucose Sugar prefd 95%
100 International Paper 22%
167 International Paper prefd 60
Laclede Gas 70
National Biscuit 34« i
National Biscuit prefd S8
TOO National Lead 23U
National Lead prefd 104%
I.OCO National Steel 41
K5 National Steel prefd 93%
New York Air Brake 123
200 North American 15%
Pacific Coast E2
Pacific Coast prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63%
2,6fi0 Pacific Mall 34%
10.322 People's Gas 10S%
Pressed Steel Car 52%
Tressed Steel Car prefd «3«i
Pullman Palace Car 183
Standard Rope& Twine... 6%
43.255 Sugar 11l
K24 Sugar prefd iin%
¦4.270 Tennessee Coal & Iron 33%
1.4W1 United Slates leather 12%
«52 United States Leather prefd 73
410 United States Rubber 35
140 United States Rubber prefd 100%
. '941 Western Union 82%
2.176 R I &. S Co 20-*
R I & S Co prefd 63? i
P C C & St L 68 ,
1.165 Third Avenue 117
C 76.400 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunlng 2s. M K. & T,2ds 69
when Issued 103 M K&T 4s 93
U S 2s reg..... 98% N V Cent 15t5.....H0%
U 8 3s reg ..109% N J Cent cen 55. ..123%
IT SBs coup 110 N Carolina 65. .....127
U S new 4k reg 133 N Carolina 4s 106
V S new 4s c0up..153% N Pacific 3s 6S
U S old 4s reg 114% N Pacific 45. ......104%
U S old 4s c0up. ..114% N V C & S L 45. .106'/.
US 6s reg 114 N t'Wcon 45.... 97%
US 5s coup 114 N A W gen C 8.....13:
Dls of Col 3.Cs 120 Or Nay 1et5........10S
Atchlson gen 45... 100% Or Nay 4s 104
Atchlson adj 4«.... 84% Or S Line Gs 127%
Canada So 2ds 107 Or S Line con 55.113%
Ches & Ohio 4%5..100 Reading gen 45.... 53«4
Ches A Ohio 55. ...121 R G W lets.. 93%
C & NW con 75. ...143% S L & I M con 55. 11 l
C A NWSFdeb 8«.122 |S L & S F gen 65. 122%
Chgo Termlnel 4s. 96'4.iSt Paul-cons.. 172
I> A R G lsts IC3%|R P C &. P 15t5....120%
r» & R O 4s 9«'4jB P C & V 5s 121%
H T Va & Ca 1Kt5.102% go Railway 6s 113
Erie General 45.... 74'.i'stand R &. T 65..:. 73
F W A DC lsts.. 71 iTenn new set 35... 95%
Oen Electric 55...11 C% Tex & Pnc 15t5. ...114%
G II A S A Cs.\..\llo%iTex & Pac 2d5..... 67%
OIIA S A 2ds 10S Union Pac 4s 10C%
H A T C Js. 110 Wabash lsts US
H AT C con 6S..ICS Wabanh 2ds ... 104%
lowa Cent 15t5... ..115 West Shore 4s 114%
KCP &G luts... 72 Wis Cent Ists .92%
La new cons 4s 107% Va Centuries 91%
LAN Unl 45. ....100-4 Va deferred 5
So Pacific 45.:.... 85 ICOIO & So 4s 54%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ¦ 10|Ontarlo "... 8 00
Crown Point 16jOphlr 74
Con Cal A Va..... 1 60 1 Plymouth* 12
Deadwood CO Quicksilver 175
fiould A Curry 24 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Hale A Norcross... SO Rlerra Nevada ,60
Hocnentake £0 00 Standard ........... 35
Iron Silver 631 Union Con 30
Mexican 321 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND. BONDS.
Money— ; I 'nlon .Pacific...... SS%
Tall loans 3y.<84% West' End -....:;.. 93
Time loans 4 "©5- Wls, Central ......'lB%
Stocks — • . Bonds—
A T ASF 26% Atchlson 4s 100
do prefd 70% N E Gas A Coke.". 63
American Sugar. .lll% Mining Shares—"
do prefd.. 11l Adventure ......... 5%
Bell Tel' ......;... 323 Allouez Mln C 0... 2
Bost -A- Albany. .246. lAmal Copper ...... 93%;
Boston Elevated. .ll7% I Atlantla .:........ 26
EASTERN MARKETS.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Charles G. Frledrich to Karollno Frledrlch.
lot on W line of Mission street. 203:6 S of
Seventeenth. S 30 by W 96:9; gift.
Frederick and Margaret Wlgglnton to Julia
A. Key t (wife of John E.). lot on N lln« of
Army street, . 207:6 W of Guerrero. "W* 27:6, N
64. NE 34:S'«. 8 114:4%: $2350.
John J. and Annie E. Doyle to David J. and
Henrietta Curtln. lot on S line of Day street,
205 W of Sanchez. W 25 by S 114; $960.
George W. Beaver to Mary M. Beaver, lot on
NE corner of Washington and Taylor streets.
N 70:Ui by E 137:6; gift. »
Alfred and Robert W. Mayers. Emma R.
Nlckerson (Mayers). Mary E. Schmidt (Mayers)
to Germanla Trust Company, lot on NW line
of Harrison street. 75 SW of Ritcn. SW 25 by
NW 85; also lot on SE corner of Twenty-second
and Eureka streets. E 115:9 by S 60; also lot on
E line of Lombard alley. 69:6 S of Lombard
street, also 137:6 XV of Stockton. S 63. W 63:9,
N 51, W 0:9. N 17. E 69:6; $10.
Peter Boyle to Thomas J. Boyle, lot on SE
line of Natoma street. 225 SW of EUhth, SW
25 by SE 73; gift.
Estate of Ivar T. Tesche (by Amanda Tesche.
administratrix) to John O. Stenmark. lot on E
line of Nebraska street, 60 S of Nevada. S 25
by E 100; $1625.
A. W. Stone to J. K. Prior, lot on E lln» of
Pennsylvania avenue. 50 S of Army (Colusa)
street. S 73 by E 100; $10.
Albert Knierr to Antonio Tassl. lot on SW
line of First avenue, 100 SE of P street. SE SO
by SW 200. block 23. tide lands; $10.
G. 11. Spauldlng to William B. Swain. lot 13.
block 13. City Land Association; $10.
Alameda County.
A. J. Gurnett to Hetty T. Henshaw. lot on
N line of Eighth street. 25 E of Clay. E M
by N 70, being portions of lots 1. 2 and 3. block
90. Oakland; $10.
Frederick and Anna Wllll to Frank and
Marie Schlotter. lot on W line of Horton (or
Ellen) street, 125, S of Thirty-second (or A).
5 25 by W 133. being a portion of lot 9. block
>N. lands of Peralta Homestead Association,
Oakland; $10.
A. and Mathilda C. Anderson to Ira Vaughan.
lot on SE corner of Taylor and Willow streets.
E SO by S 27, being a portion of lot 10. block
697, Casserly Tract, Oakland; $10. ,
Charles A. Stable to Mary A. Stahle. lot on
E line of Benvenue avenue. €0 N of Derby
street. N 63 by E 159.44. being lot 23 and the
N 20 feet of lot 23. block H, .map of Hillecass
property. Berkeley: Klft.
Samuel 11. and Harriet M. Llngard to Mar
garet Thompson (wife of William), the S. 40
feet of lot 9. block 19, map of property of
Berkeley Villa Association, Berkeley (subject to
mortgage): $10.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Anders
O. and JCMse Andresen. the E 23 feet of lot «
and W 12% feet of lot 7. block 5, lands adja
cent to Enclnal. Alameda: $10.
Foster Lapham to Carrie Lapham. undivided
half Interest in lot on W line of Pearl streex.
650 3 of Central avenue. W 272 S IM:6. NE
272 ?7 "".7 to beginning, being lots 14. 15 and 14
and -•• lions of lots 17 and: lS. block 10. Hays
6 Caw ton Tract. Alameda; gift.
Susan: Hay*, (widow) to John L. Bromley, lot
on S line of Central avenue. COS from Prospect
street, extended thence W 20. S 300, W 134:9.
S to bay of San Francisco, X 180. N to S line
of Central avenue to beginning, being a portion
of block !QS, Alameda; $10.
Alfred P. Swain to Joseph A. McGowan. lot
20. b'.ock A. Fitch Tract; Alameda: $10.
Joseph A. McGowan to Alfred P. Swain, lot
on E corner of Broadway and Clement avenue.
NE 50, SE 136. W to a point. NW 91:6 to begin
ning. Alameda: $10.
Builders' Contracts. ..
Bottlers* Fxchange ¦ (owner) with Henry
Behrens (contractor), architect L. Brandt —
Brick work, foundations, walls, floors, ceilings
and roofing for a one-story frame building with
brick foundations on E line of Onugh street.
131:3 S of Fulton. S 50 by E 137:6: $19S0.
Maximilian . Neumann. O. F. M.. rector of
St. Boniface Church (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), plans by Brother Adrian and un
der supervision of Martens & Coffey— Carpenter
and mill work, stairs, rough hardware.- etc.. for
parsonage complete." and all rough framing and
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. April 11.
Stmr Oeo Locml«. Brtd*«tt. 37 bour» from
* ltmr a Natlonal City. D«ttmer». IS hovn from
City. Stockfleth. 35 hour, from
CStmrßtoSlC Stmr Bt oS l3 W Elder. Randall. « bmn from
Portland, via Astoria 62 hours.
Stmr WashUnaw. Gllboy. 34 hoar* from Ta-
M Stmr Bonlta, Nlcolson. 74 hour* trom New
port and way ports.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen. 20 hours from Caspar.
Bark Martha. Davis. McAlman. 13 d*y» from
H ScJsr Barbara, Hernster. Olsen. 15 hours from
Blhlers Polat - CLEARED.
; .. .• Wednesday. Ajjrtl IX,
Br stmr Belgian King. Weiss. Hongkong, vta
Astoria, Portland and San Diego; Cal & Orl
"S^r stmr'°Tellu». Pe<lers«n, Cnemalzras; R
DSD SS l to.tfS& Undber*. Karluk; Al«k*
Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 11.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Stmr Corona, Gtelov, San Dleiro. etc.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson. — -.
Stmr Progreso. ZoUlng. Seattle.
Stmr Fulton, Johnson. Trinodad.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs. Needle Rock.
Ncr stmr Tellus. Pederson. Chemalnus.
Ship I F Chapman. Carter. Honolulu.
Schr Czarina. Wallstedt. Unga.
Schr Nettle Sunborsr. Nelson. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 11. 10 P m— Weather
clear; wind south, velocity IS miles.
SPOKEN.
Per schr Expansion at San Pedro, from Se
attle-April 3. lat 43 58 N. lon 127 40 W, ship
Llewellyn J Morse, hence March 29. for La
b*sha Bay. MISCELLANEOi:g .
The reported sailing of the bark Katnlanl
for San Francisco from New York April 7 is
an error. She Is still at Atlantic dock. Brook-
y LONDON. April 11— Br ship Duchalburn.
from San Francisco Nov 25. U reported aground
In Manchester canal.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aoril 11— Schr Fred E
Sander, from Port Blakeley. April 10— Stmr
Mackinaw, hence April 6; stmr City of Seattle.
'lalleewTpril 10-Stmr Cottage City, for Dyea:
shin Spartan, for San Francisco.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived April 11— Bark
Alex McNelll. from Port Townsend.
BO WENS LANDlNG— Arrived April U— Stmr
Navarro. hence April 10.
GRAYS HARBOR-Arrlved April 10— Schr
Emma Claudina. hence March 30; schr Jennie
Thelin hence March 22.
Sailed Aorll 10— Schr A J West, for Hono
lulu • schr Occidental, for San Francisco.
San PEDRO— Arrived April 11— Schr Ex
nanslon. from Seattle.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived April 10— Br stmr Rob
ert Adam«on. from Nanalmo.
VENTURA— Sailed April 11— Stmr Saa Pedro.
for San Francisco.
USAL— Arrived April 11— Stmr Grace Dollar.
henc* April 10.
EUREKA— Arrived April 11— Tug Rescue, hnc
April 1C - stmr North Fork, hence April 10.
Sailed Aorll 11— Tuff Rescue, for San Fran
cisco, with stmr Nome City In tow. for San
Francisco : schr J B Leeds, for San Franctsco;
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Al>rll 11— Bktn
Northwest, from Snnta Rosalia, for Olympla.
Sailed April 11— Schr G W Watson, for Hono
lulu; bark Alex McNeil, for Port Ludlow.
Passed Arrll 11— Stmr Willamette, henca
April 8. for Senttle.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Adtll H— Schr North
Bend, for San Francisco: schr W X Jewett. far
San Francisco: »ehr Guide, for San Francisco.
Arrived A?ril 11— Stmr Rival, hence April 7.
MENDOCINO— Arrived April 11— Schr Re
liance, hence April 4.
Sailed Arsrtl 11— Stmr Point Arena, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 11— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
KOBE— Arrived April 7— Br stmr Glenogle.
from Tacoma.
PORT ARTHUR— Arrived April B— Br stmr
Elm Branch, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April B— Stmr Ta
coma. from Tacoma.
MANlLA— Arrived April 7— Br stmr Emir
from Norfolk. . apM
FLUSHING— Passed April »— Br uhlp Glen
arrt. from Antwerp, for Pu*et Sound
ROTTERDAM— In port March 25— Br ship
SutlterlandsMre. for Oregon.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed A?r11 10— Br ship Ra
han«*.-for Bristol: Tlr ship Sllberborn f.-»r Hull
NAGASAKI— PaIIed March 31— Br stmr Flint
shire; for San Francisco.
GUAYMAS— Arrived April 9— Sehr Reporter,
from Grays Harbor. Acrll 10— Sohr Lottie Car
son, from Eur»ka»
Shipping Intelligence.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 81%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 8S
Sterling Cables — 4 83
New York Exchange, sight — . la
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Finn Silver, per ounce — 59%
Mexican Dollars 43% 49
Wheat -and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The local market was weak and
unchanged.
The foreign markets showed little change.
Chicago was active and' unsettled, with a dis
position to sell. The weather In the Northwest
and Southwest was wintry. Corn was steady,
and Goodwin wired that the Argentine surplus
of Corn would fall 30 per cent below last year.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 36' / i@97%c; milling,
9Sy t cosl 01%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls.
97c; 22,000, 97Vic; December— 2ooo, $1 C 5%; 4000.
Second Session— December— Booo ctls, $1 04T-S;
40C0. $1 Wy 4 : May-12.000, 96% c.
Regular Morning Session— December— lo.ooo
ctls $1 04?;: 4000, $1 04%; sooo. $1 04?*: cooo, $1 05;
May-32.000. S6%c; COOO. 96?4c; 4000. 97c.
•Afternoon Sesslon-May-2000 ctls. >6%c: 26.
000 97c: December— l2,ooo, $1 04%.
BARLEY— The tone of the market was firm
In spite of the rain, but the demand was not
Feed 75c for No. 1 and C5@72%c for off
grades': Brewlne and Shipping grades. 80©
87<£c; Chevalier, nominal.,.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Pesiion— 9:l3 o'clock— No sales.
Second Scßslon — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Black art? firmer and In better de
mand for feed. White are dull, as they are too
far above Barley. -
White, $1 lortfl 30; Red. 9Jc@sl 17%; Gray.
$1 OTH^I IS: Wack.--97%«m C 5.
CORN— Unchanged and quiet. Eastern White
Is quoted at $1 05@l 07% per ctl and Eastern
Yellow at $lifll 10; mixed. $1 OJQI 07% per ctl.
RYE— 97%c@$l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Hay' and Feedstuff s.
Quotations remain as before.
I!RAN-$12<313 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16*219 per ton
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $15@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2C®27; Jobbing,
$27 50<&2S: Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn Meal,
$23 GU&24; Cracked Corn. $24©24 60; Mixed Feed,
$15 60; Cottonseed Meal., nominal. . '• "
HAY— Wheat. $7@9 for common togood: $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10: Wheat and Oat.
$8 :«©»: Oat, ?6@3; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, $6@
7 f.O per ton.-
STRAW— 2S®JSc tier bale. .. ' -
Flour and Millstu ffs.
The eltuatlon shows no change whatever.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60®3 75,
usual terms :v bakers' extras,' $3 40®3 60; Oregon
and Washington. $2 25®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 2.1 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 E0; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 50;
Out Groats. $1 B0: Hominy. $3 25^3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $4®4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina.. J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 CO;
Rolled Oafs (barrels). . $6@7 25: -in sacks, $5 750
7; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $5; Green Peas,
$3 CO per ICO lbs.
Beans and Seeds.
A small advance In! Pink Beans Is the only
change. The demand continues light.
BEANS— Bayou. $3«3 2S: small White., s3 23J1>
3 CO; large White, $3 20©3 25; Pink. $2 25@2 90;
lte-l." $3 MXg3 75; Blackeye. $4 50; Butters.- nomi
nal: Lima, $5 25; Pea, $3 40®3 50; Red- Kidneys.
$:r,ofN. •¦••: :
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4%©< : 54c: Flax., $1 90®2 20; Canary.
3%c per lb for California- and- 4c- for- Eastern;
Alfalfa, . 9®loc; Rape, 2%@3c;. Hemp. 4@4%c;
Timothy, 4<ft4%c.
DRIED PEAS-^Nlles, $1 90®2 25; Green, $1 90
02 25 ter ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables
Onions are very firm at the sharp advance
and ; there are i practically . none in : first ¦ hands.
Potatoes are dull and- weak. Vegetables are
higher. . *."-," : "¦•;•', ";,-- •
Receipts were 846 boxes Asparagus, 603. boxes
Rhubarb," 657 sacks Peas and 323 j sacks New
Potatoes. '¦;. ¦¦¦ ' "
POTATOES— EarIy ,Rose; 65c; RU'er Reds,
nominal: Burbanks, 4O@Coc per sack; Oregon
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
Sun rises S:M
Sun sets •:«
Moon seta 4:03 a. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. April 11— J p. m.
V Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— lEqult G L Co. 3% 3*l
4s quar c0up.. 114^115% Mutual El Co. - 12*
43 do reg 114UH5WO GX AH... 47 49
4s do cp new.. 133 134 Pao Gas Imp.. - 81
Is do c0up. ....109 110 Pac L C 0...... — 4.»H
Miscellaneous- 5F04E....11 51%
Cal-st Cab 55..H7H — San Francisco. *% —
C C Wat 55...105T4 — IStkn GAECo 10 —
Ed L & P 65..1?y — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 85. .114 — Flrem s Fund.229 —
Geary-st R ss. - 92% Bank Stockj-
H C A S 5%5. — — Anglo-Cal Ltd. 64 —
Do 5s " .....\lO3J4lO«< Bank cf Ca1... 410 -
LA Ry 65.. ..104 - jCa! SD A T..103 -
L A L Co ss. — — [First National. — 2W
Do gntd 65.. — - |Lon P & A... 131 -
Do gntd 55.. 93 100%: Merchants" Ex 15 —
LA & P R D 5.102% - j Savings Banks—
Market-st SS...I2S* - |N?v Nat Bk.. - -
Do Ist M Es.ll6%ll7KjOr s * L..1&0 —
NCN G R 7s. lift - HumS &L. - -
NR of Cal 63.113% - jMut Say Bk. 45 -
N Pof Cal 55.115 118 S F Say U.. 512H -
NPC R R 63.104H - bay & L So. 74 7s
NPC R R 55.107 - Sec Sev BK. - -
NC R R 65. ...112 — Lnlon T Co. — —
I Oak G L&HSS.IOS* - Street Railroads-
Oak Tran 65.. .113*114% California ... .119^122
Oak WCo 55.. - 105% -Geary-st ...... *0 -
Oceanic S C0..1W - jMarket-st Ry. 63% -
Om C Ry 63..125V4 - j£ sJr * ""• ~ °°
PACI Ry 65. .104% — IPresldlo ....... 15% —
PkAOßy6s. - - I Powder Stocks-
Powell-st R 65.117 — California „... H» '»»„
Sac I, A GR5s. W — Giant Con Co.. 83% *4%
6F A SJV 6s. 116% — Vlgorit •••••••• ** sv »
S Ry of Cal 65. 113 - Sugar Stocks—
E P of A 65...112H113% Hana S P Co. 9% 9%
5 P C 65(1905).105Tk — 1 Haw CAS Co — —
Do (1906) ... 11X y - Honokaa 9 Co. 3W 34
Do (1912) .... - - Hutch S POa Jf, 26H
Do Ist cc ss. — — Kllauea S Co. 22 22"4
6 P Br 6s .! :i2s%m%!Makawell 8 Co 4S£ 49*
S V Water 65.U4%114* Onomea 8 Co.. 2SH 29
Do 4s 103% — Paauhau S Co. 32% 32%
BY W (3dm). 102 - * li * c 'l laJ } eo{l9^, t ,,. 9 u.
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 103 Al Pack Assn.ll*%ll9%
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit Asn.lo3 —
Contra Costa.. 64% 65 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Marln County. — — Oceanic S Co. 94\» »»%
Spring Valley. 95% 36 Pac A F A.... 2 —
Gas & Electric— Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Cent G L Co.. — . — Par Paint Co. 10 —
Cent L A P... 4 4%
Morning Session.
Board— ... ..
MCal Safe Deposit W3 X
60 Giant Powder Con »3 00
25 Hana Plantation Co J",
$5000 Hawaiian C A S Co 6 per cent 105 62%
200 Honokaa S Co « °0
400 Hutcbinson S P Co *8 50
665 Makawelt *% gl»
100 Market-et Railway ** «»
100 Onomea Sugar Co *S 50
180 Paauhau S P Co 'J «
100 S F Gas A Electric « 00
$2000 S V 4 per cent bonds (2d mtge)....104 00
$3000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mtge)....103 CO
Street— „ „
13 Paauhau S P Co ** »
Afternoon Session,
Board— ': _
S5 Contra Costa Water •* •»
10 Giant Powder §3 00
10 Honokaa S Co 5 !«*
60 Hutchlnson 8 P Co J6 50
25 Hutchlnson S P Co b 10 26 £|
200 Kllauea S P Co 22 00
25 Market-st Railway 63 25
$5000 Oceanic S S bonds 10« 2»
25 Paauhau S P Co 32 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 00
10 S V Water 95 "»
10 Vlgorlt : 3 2a
60 Vlgorit SS7\i
Street— „
25 Hutchtnson S P Co 2« W
100 S F Gas A Electric 61 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Anaconda 65
100 Barker Ranch 1 13
50 Caribou 50
200 Home Oil » 43
100 Petroleum CenUr 30
100 Petroleum Center S5
Afternoon Session-
Board—
400 Anaconda SO
40 Barker Ranch .' 1 15
100 Home Oil » 45
50 Home Oil 3 50
100 Yukon 130
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Ban
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 30 200 Ophlr 77
700 Gould & Curry 23 600 Silver Hill 14
200 Justice C 6
Afternoon Session.
100 Best A Belcher 28 200 Ophir 77
100 Challenge 21 100 Sierra Nevada. 63
100 Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Standard 3 25
60 Confidence 70 100 Yellow Jacket.. 33
SCO Gould & Curry 2S
The following were the sales In tha Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 A lta 05 200 Ophlr 77
150 Con Cal & Va..l 70 100 Savage 11
200 Gould & Curry 28 100 Silver Hill .... 24
Afternoon Session.
100 A lta 06 1 200 Gould & Curry 23
300 Andes 13 300 Mexican 35
100 Caledonia ....1 12H 1 500 Overman 24
210 Caledonia 1W 600 Savage 11
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April U— 4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Btd.Ask.
Alpha 04 05'Justlce 05 06
Alta < 05 07jKentuck ....... 01 02
Andes 11 12 Lady Wash .... — 05
Belcher 32 33 Mexican 35 36
Best & Belcher 27 29 Occidental 12 14
Bullion 03 04 Ophlr 78 79
Caledonia 115 1 20 .Overman 24 25
Chollar 13 lsjPotosl 14 15
Challenge Con. 20 2! Savage 11 15
Confidence 70 75 [Scorpion — 03
Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 75Seg Belcher.... 01 05
Con Imperial... 01 03'Slerra Nevada- 83 51
Con New York. 02 — Silver Hill 16 18
Eureka C0n.... — 50 St Louts — 12
Crown Point... 20 21IBtandard 3JO —
Exchequer 02 C 4 Syndicate — 11
Gould & Curry -28 23jUnlon Con .... 32 34
Hale & Norc... 32 35' Utah U 13
Julia — -03 Yellow Jacket.. 31 33
Sun, Moon and Tide.
C B &. Q HS% Dost A Mont ..\. SIS
Dominion Coal 45V» Butte & Bost. 77*4
do prefd 115 Cal & Hecla 750
Federal Steel .... 4SV~ Centennial 22
do prefd 73 ¦ Kranklln 154
Fltchburg prefd ..132 Oee.eola '.'. 69
General Electric ..132 Parrot 47V4,
do prefd 137 Qulncy 135
Ed Elec 111 20S Santa Fe Copper.. 6V,
N E Gas & Coke.. 17% Tamarack 190
Old Colony 206 Utah Mining 83H
Old Dominion .... 22% Wolverines 40»»
Rubber ..85 'V.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. April 11.— Money on call steady
at B©3H per cent; last loan, 3^ per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4H'SR per cent. Sterling.ex
change strong, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 STVs for demand and at $4 S3H for
sixty days; posted rates, $4 84V4 and $4 SB'4j.
Commercial bills, $4 83@4 S3V4. Silver certifi
cates, 60U®61He. Bar silver, ,69Hc Mexican
dollars. 4.?ic. Government bonds. Irregular;
state bonds, strong; railroad bonds, easier.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. April 11.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, J145.272.731; gold, $93,504,425.
London Market.
NEW YORK. April 11.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram Bays:
There was scarcely any business in the markets
here to-day excepting closing the books before
the holidays. The tone was dull on the tight
ness of money and Impatience with the Inac
tion of General Roberts. Americans were
heavy from the start, but there was little
movement in them until the afternoon, when
they broke sharply on New York sales, clos
ing decidedly weak. The only stock New York
supported was Baltimore and Ohio, which Lon
don now avoids, regarding the stock as en
tirely under Speyer control.
No gold was taken or received. The bank
did a large business In loans at 5 per cent for
the week. It is using loan money for discount
ing six months' paper. This is unpopular with
the market, as It means keeping money tight.
CLOSING
LONDON, April IL— Canadian Pacific, 100% ;
Northern Pacific preferred, 78%: Atchlson, 27^i;
Grand Trunk, BVi: Anaconda, 10%; Rands, 3574.
Bar silver, steady, 27% d per ounce. Money,
3*i®4 ocr cent.
Silver and Exchange undisturbed:
Wheat easy and Barley firm. More tone to Oats.
Hay and Feedstuff s quiet. Beans firm.
Onions continue scarce. Potatoes zveak and dull.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry market cleaned up and stiff. Game firm.
Oranges almost all cleaned up. Lemons and Limes unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Meat market stationary aiui steady.
Decreased exports of specie.
COMMERCIAL AND FINACIAL NEWS
THE STOCK MARKET.
*- — — — ~~: — :: — ~~ — —. ~ — ; *
. Business .was fair on the ¦ morning session
of the Bond Exchange, with a decline In Giant
Powder, to $S3.
There wero no changes worthy of not s In
the? afternoon.
The quarterly dividend of 75 tents per, share
by ¦ the Marln County Water ' Company wr.s
tin Id on the 10th. .
i The Bank of California has declared, a quar
terly dividend of $4 per share, payable on thj
16th. . «
The quarterly dividend of ' $1 50. par HJ.aro by
the ; California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany will be. paid on the 16th. • .-. ¦¦-¦ ¦.
The Oakland. Gas Company will 1 pay a divi
dend of 25 cents per; share on the 16th.
Tho Pacific and Sunset Telegraph and Tele
phone companies will pay. the usual monthly
dividends on the 16th. "
The Pnauhau- Sugar Company paid a divi
dend of 30 cents per share on the 10th. *£*'.*¦
The Hutchlnson Plantation . Company, will
paya dividend, of 25 "cents per share on the
20th. •• ¦ . • ¦- -:, -- ¦
¦ : ; The . Makawell' Sugar Company will pay a
dividend of 50 cents per share on the 16th. ':
. The.;Kllauea Sugar Company win pay. a
dividend of 25 cents per share on the ICth.
Nczi' York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. April 11.— The reactionary ten
dency which developed In the stock market
yesterday continued manifest during the early
hours to-day when the selling was active and
widely distributed and seemed quite urgent In
come stocks. About midway of the session,
however, the pressure to sell was Homewhat
relaxed end friends of the various stocks took
them In bond and bid them up. The advance
in these Ktocks was not mat by any great
l/urdon of offerings and prices generally tended
toward recovery. The rally in prices failed to
bring in any notable demand for stocks and
the market >c«mc rather heavy again and
closed in that condition. Dealings were very
largely In professional hanfl« and the efforts
of the bears to force down prices and dislodge
step-loss orders met with considerable success
In some quarfre. The character of the buy
ing at the decline Indicated that commission
houses have orders to buy at varying levels
below the market. There was no appearance
cf last week's <2is;K>altion on the pert of the
outside }>übllc lo buy at the market. Prices
at Americans v.-rre depressed In London before
the opening here, but the level of the market
fell Ijelow the London parity and nrbltruge
brokers bought ' stocks to cover sales at the
higher level in London. This buying was
«t}>«c.lal!y large in l.'nion l'aclflc when that
ettx-k eot Ijclotv v". tnd was a material aid
to its late rally of over 2 points, with a
sympathetic efr«-rt on the Pacifies and In less
upjrme on the whole market. Baltimore and
Ohio preferr<^J and Louisville and Nashville
showed aggressive strength and Missouri Pa
rlfic rallied well from the morning's decline.
Otherwise the railroad .list was rather quiet
nnJ sluggish. The most violent movements
as usual, were among the Industries and
specialists. The fact that Third Avenue stork
(.tilt commanded a premium for use In the
stock lonn department last night showed that
the Fhort interest had not been entirely elim
inated by yesu-rday'ts violent rise. An active
riwculation resulted In the stock anil It wa*
forced up at one time 9 points, then collapsed
11 points and rallied again 5 points. The net
pain was 2 points. The public was not In
formed In detail of the plan for rehabilitating
the property and the ni"-»ment of the stock
v.-as governed by the necessities of the shorts.
¦Cugar wii somewhat erratic at a higher level
on the cood condition in the trade and re
itfratei rumors of a trade war settlement.
American Steel and Wire was sul.Jected to
fur)i«-r revere pressure with sympathetic effect
on the metal «rroup Kenersll^'- ¦ The resisting
?" , r deVlojx-d by Federal Steel and its rice
to 'A above yesterday's price had a. reviving
influence on the croup. There w«k no news
to account for the movements In these stocks
The upward progress of sterling exchange and
rV^xihimv of rold exports was used by the
£rrs b with effect Th^hlpment of JSMOte
gold to Buenos Ayr**, which ' "^."'•^S 1
to-4ar. was reearded as a triangular opera-
TO SAIU
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, April 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
45.759 barrels; exports, 9259 barrels. Quiet but
very steady on all grades:
WHEAT— Receipts. 64,760 bushels; exports,
22.59S bushels. Spot steady: No. 2 red. 80*& c. f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 77*»c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 77% c f. o. b. afloat prompt;
No. 1 hard Duluth. S3%c f. o. b. alloat prompt.
Options early In the day were strong and ac
tive, impelled by a bullish Interpretation of
the Government report, together with cold In
the Southwest. The crowd got overloaded,
however, and subsequently attempted to real
ize profits, when prices broke sharply from the
top. closing easy at H@*4c net advance. May,
74 3-lßQ74^c. closed 74% c; July, 74 5-16@74T«c,
closed 74% c; September, 74}»<£f73 1 .4 c. closed 75c.
HIDES-^-Flrm.'
WOOL— Quiet,
COFFEE-Spot Rio. steady; No. 7 invoice.
~%c; No. 7 Jobbing. B%c; mild, market steady:
Cordova, ' 9 Vi@ 14c. Futures closed steady In
tone at unchanged prices to 5 points advance.
Total sales, 21.250 bags. Including: May. $6 85
§6 90: June, $6 90; July. J6 90«j6 93; August,
6 95; September, $7(g7 05; October, $7 05: Novem
ber. $7 10; December, $7 25@7 40: January, $7 40
tfi 43: February, $7 60; March, $7 55.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; refined, strong; stand
ard A. 4.95 c; confectioners' A. 4.93 c; mold A.
5.40 c; cut loaf, 5.55 c; crushed. 5.55 c; powdered,
5.25 c; granulated, 5.13@5.30c.
BUTTER— Receipts, &02S packages; steady.
Western creamery, 17Sj2Oc; fancy, ljigl'c.
EGGS— Receipts, 23.562 packages; easier.
Storage Western at mark, 12%@12%c; regular
packing at mark, 12^4@12%c; Southern at mark,
HVi'&^Vic.
DRIED FRUITS,
Business In evaporated apples was of a hand
to mouth character to-day. Buyers were In
clined to hold off for concessions, which fact,
together with larger receipts than looked for
served to give an easier undertone to the mar
ket. Prices, however, were otherwise un
changed. California dried fruits were quiet
and steadjvat previous quotations.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES— Common,
V^altc; primp. S^igfic; choice, 7@7%c; fancy,
7*i#S%c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%®7c per
pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 13@13c; Moorpark, 13®
ISc.
PEACHES— PeeIed. lS@22c; unpeeled. 7%@10c.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 11.— Business was rather
generally slow in the market for metals to
day. Tin, however, developed considerable
strength of undertone In sympathy with a
£2 advance In London. The net rise here was
from 60 to 85 points, closing ilrmer at $31 35
bid. Lake copper ruled steady and closed un
changed at $17. Pig iron warrants continued
dull and .nominal. Lead remains in the same
condition as It has been for some time past,
dull and nominal at $4 67% bid and 1 $4 72%
asked. Spelter continues steady at fully sus
tained prices, closing at $4 72%. bid and $4 77%
asked.
The brokers' price fcr lead was $4 45 and for
copper $17 25^17 50.
Chicago Grain Market.
LOCAL MARKETS
THURSDAY. APRIL 12.
Produce Exchange to Adjourn.
The Produce Exchange will not be In session
to-morrow— Good Friday.
Charters.
The Edward May loa£s merchandise for Hon
olulu.
The Grace Dollar loads redwood at Usal for
Fan Jorge Bay, Mexico; Bandanelra, lumber at
Hastings' Mill for a direct United Kingdom
port, 60s; Glenesslin. lumber at Chemalnus for
London direct, kCs— option of wheat. 40s: Ot
tillie Fjord, lumber at Grays Harbor for ICa
faulul.
Exports of Specie.
Exports of specie from this port during the
first three months of the year were J4.881.017.
against 55.90t.0t4 during the same time In 1599.
the leading destinations being as follows:
China, J2.JCS.IS7: New York. J2.r72.623; Hono
lulu. $Z25.7&0. The leading descriptions were:
Silver bullion. $935.7C£; gold bars. $10SS: Mexi
can dollars. 51.3E3.33; silver coin. $286,970; gold
coin, 12.C54.141.
The Money Supply.
Henry Clews' New York circular says: "AH
Indications point to a continued good active
market for some time to come. The most
eerlous Impediments were the April settle
ments. These have been safely passed and
easy money ie practically assured for the next
three or four months. The amount of money
in clrculctlon on April 1. according to Gov
ernment returns, was $2,021,274,000. an increase
of J!'3.427.0t»» over the same time last year.
Nearly $20,000,000 of this increase wan In the
month of March; a considerable portion of
vhlch. it is safe to presume, was the result
of the new currency bill, enabling national
banks to issue notes to the par value of their
l>or.<ls. A further addition to the volume of
currency Is to be anticipated from this meas
ure: but there is no prospect of the ridiculous
estimates put out by 6ome parties, who should
know better, being realized : and our estimate
«f about J100.000.000 durinp the first year still
seems likely to be an outside figure. Continued
demand from out-of-town banks recently to
retire circulation lias brought the aggregate
of bucli deposits at the sub-treasury within
S3OG.GOO of the April limit. Tills is unusually
early in the month for the $3,000,000 limit to
be reached, and signifies that interior Institu
tions *cc greater profit in selling their bonda
at current prices than keeping out circulation
en the uncertainty of having it profitably em
ployed. At present there are no signs of
Ftrlnpency in sipht. and money Is as easy in
the West as in the East In spite of great trade
activity. As Just said, this is an Important
factor in the stock market, for it permits
numerous large speculative operations which
had hitherto been held in check."
Weather Report.
(I2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 11—5 p. m
Ttie following are the seasonal rainfalls to
ctre. as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 1.00 46.10 31.55
Red muff 0.20 23.27 19.37
Sacramento 0.08 16. 00 13.91
San Francisco 0.18 17.65 15. 3S
Fre*no 0.00 7.35 6.7«
Independence 0.00 2.7S 1.16
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 IS. IO • 14.77
Los Angeles 0.00 5.C3 4.79
San Diego 0.00 3.3S 4.".S
Yuma 0.00 0.79 Ui
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
LS; minimum. 30; mean. 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A depression of moderate energy overlies the
northern half of the Pacific Coast and Is ap
parently working Kteadlly Inland In the wake
<A the area of high pressure central Wednes
day night over the Missouri Valley. During
the i>usl twelve hours there has been a silent
rl*e In pressure aJong the coast north of Eu
reka.
The temperature has fallen from 4 to 12 de
frrees In the San Joaquin and Sacramento val
leys, probably due to the rain. Warm weather
prevails south of the Tehachapi and In Ari
zona. Rain has fallen In moderate quantity
in the Santa Clara and Salinas valleys and
northward long the coast. Rain Is also failing
In the Interior throughout the Sacramento and
northern San Joaquin valleys.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the northwest is reported at Win
nemucca.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours endinr midnight. April 12. 1900:
Northern CSillfornia— Clfudy. unsettled weather
Thursday In northern and central portion, fair
In t^outhern jxjrtlon: warmer Thursday night;
irffh southerly wlnrts.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; fresh
BouthweFtrrly wind*.
Nevada — Cloudy Thursday, with raJn In north
«.-rn jw>rtion.
ITtith — Cloudy Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day, with light fog In the morning; southerly,
changing to westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
United States Coast and Geodstlo Survey—
Times .and Helchts of High and Low
Waters at Port Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bar. Published by ofScial au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide la the same at both place*.
Foreign Futures.
market was easy; creamery, 144918 c; 'dairy.
13<5'16c. Cheeee dull, 12@13c. Eggs firm; fresh.
lO&iffllc. .*V
Burbanks. 50®85c; Sweet Potatoes, $2 25 for
Merced: New Potatoes, • lS2c.
ONIONS— Are Jobbing from second hands at
$5@ > 6 per ctl. Australian,' $8 23.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c@$l 25 per box:
Asparagus. $I@l 50 per box for No. 2 and
$1 7502 for No. 1 and $2 25@2 60 for fancy large:
Green Peas. $1 25@2 per sack for common and
3c for Garden: String Beans, S©loc: Cabbage.
40360 c: Tomatoes. $I@2: Egg Plant from Los
Angeles. 7@loc: Dried Okra. 32% c per lb; Gar
lic. 2%@3%c; Green Peppers from Los Angeles,
15c: Dried Peoners, SfflOc: Carrots, 25®35c per
sack; Los Angeles Summer Squash, $I@l 25 "per
box; Cucumbers. 60c@$l per dozen.
Poultry -and Game.
.Poultry Is almost entirely .cleaned up. though
more Eastern will be put on to-day. Prices
are very firm. Game Is also In demand, espe
cially Hare and Rabbits.
POULTRY-Llve Turkeys, 10@llc for Gob
blers and 12@13e for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$1 7502; Goslings. $2 50@2 75: Ducks. $4 50©
6 DO for old and $5#7 50 for young: Hens. $4 oOfJ
8; -Young Roosters, $6 50@7; Old Roosters. $4 23
@4 50; Fryers. $5 60@6: Broilers. $4 50@5 for
large and $2 50®3 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 75@
2 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Sauabs.
GAME— Hare, Si 25; Rabbits. $1 50: Gray
Geese, $2@2 50: White, bOt&iac; Brant. $1 25®
1 60; English Snipe, $2 50: Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Eastern Egg market has advanced^
sharply, and though sales here have been made
at 14Sq>14%c sales to arrive are now being made
up to 15% c. . California Eggs stand the same.
Butter and Cheese are steady at unchanged
quotations.;
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds. 1«
@16% c. ¦
Dairy— Fancy, 15%@16c; good to choice, U\b®
15c; common. 14c.
CHEESE— New. 7%@*e; Young America. 80
B%c; Eastern. 16@17o: Western. 15@18c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and 14%®16%c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 14®14%c spot
and 15% c to arrive.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $2 60®3; choice do, $1 7&®
2 85; standard. $1 75®2: seedlings, $1 90£2.
The Orange market Is seldom as bare as at
present. There are hardly any here. The out
side demand Is so keen that twelve cars des
tined for San Francisco never reached here,
having been diverted to northern points while
on the way. Prices are naturally very firm.
Lemons and Limes are unchanged.
Strawberries are steady and sell off well.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S@9Oc per box for common, $I@l 50
for good to choice and $1 75©2 for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— S3@6 per chest for large
and $S@l3 for small berries. Receipts were 106
chests. Blackberries, from the south, $232 25
per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 250T8 SO
per box; Seedlings. $I@2; .Lemons, $I@l 60
for common and J2JJ2 50 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $4 50@5: California Limes, ;
Bananas. $1 2S@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $4&5
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks. 4^4%c for
40-50' s. 3%@4c for 60-60' s, 3%c for 60-70' s. 3>,ic
for «0-80's, 3@3Hc for SO-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots. 11@12%c for Royals, 12%013c
for Moorparks and 12(9'13%c for Blenheims;
Peaches. s%ffJ6c for Standards. 6%@6%c for
choice and 7(ffSc for fancy; Peeled Peaches. 10#
12% c; Evaporated Apples. 6'g7c: Sun-dried. 5#
6%c per lb: Nectarines, B®t»c: Pears, 3%*34% c
for dark and 7(SSc for bright halves: Black
Figs. 2?T2%c; White Figs. 2®3c; Bleached
Plums, ?Q9c: unbleached Plums, 7<37%c for
pitted and lHc for unpltted.
RAlSlNS— Uleached Thompson's — Fancy, per
lb, 10c: choice. 9c: standard. Sc; prime. 6e: un
bleached Thompson's per lb. 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c: choice, 7%c; standard. o%c;
prime. sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
50-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 6%c:
3-crown, 6V«c; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
2-crcwn, $1 DO per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2: Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. 6. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Walnuts. B@9c for standards and
PißlOc for softf>hells; Almonds. 11%©12 c for
pape- nhell, 9@loc for soft and 4J?5c for hard
shell: Peanuts. W t <^aKc for Eastern and 5c
for California: Brazil Nuts. 7%t?Se: Filberts,
12*fl2Hc: Ppcans, UHTUc: Cocdanuts. $1 50^5.
HONEY— Comb. 11%5?12c for bright and 10%®
lie for light amber; water whit* extracted,
714 c: light amber extracted. 7U@"%c; dark.
D I A<??G' > per lb.
ISEESWAXr-24@2Cc per lb.
Provisions.
Previous prices rule, with a firm but not very
active market.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 10% c per lb for
heaw, 10% c for light medium, ll%c for light.
12% c for extra light and 13% c for sugar cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess Beef, $12
per bbl: extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra
Prime Pork. $14 SOfllo: extra clear. $19; Mess,
$16 50: Smoked Beef. 12%@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at "igSc per lb for
compound and Sf?BV»c for pure: .half barrels,
i.ure W4e: 10-lb tins, PV«c: 5-lb tins, 10c-
COTTOLENE— Tierces, B@B%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, &V»c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
Italic; medium, 9%c: light. 9"59% c: Cowhides,
9©9% c: Stags, 7c: Salted Kip. 9<S9%c: Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, sound, ISJ?I9c; culls and brands,
15c: Dry Kip and Veal, 16® 17c: Dry Calf, 19@
20c: Sheepskins, shearlings, 13<ff30c each; short
Wool. 35?fC0c each: medium, 70<590c: long Wool.
$I@l 25 each; Horse Hides, $2 2303 for large
and $1 23® 173 for small; Colts. 25@30c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c: fall or medi
um skins. 35c: Winter or thin skins. 20c.- Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
EOc; medium. X>c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5@5%c per lb; No.
2 4<Ef4%c; refined. 6%c; grease. 2%®'3c.
'WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16@lSc; Northern defective. 13®
16c; Middle County, free. 15@17c: Middle
County, defective, 13@15c; Southern Mountain.
12 months', 12@14c: do, free, 7 months'. 12@15c;
do, defective. 7 months', 10<gl2c; Humboldt and
Mendocino. 20®23c; Nevada, 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— o%@loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6U@le J*r lb for fair to choice.
VEAL— 6®90 per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®Bc; ewes, 6%@7c per
lb. - :
LAMB— Spring. 9@loc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%@6c for ? mall .and me
dium and r.lAig\V\c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 6K@s%c; dressed Hogs, 7©SVlc.
General Merchandise. »
BAGS— San Quehtln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
grain Bags. CVi©6%c; Wool Bags. 25%@32%c;
Fleece Twine, 7%c.
COAL— Wellington, $3 per ton; new Welling
ton, $8: Southfletd Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6 60; Bryant, $6 f>o: Coos Bay, $T>: Wallsend. $8;
Co-operative Wallsend, $S; Cumberland. $12 In
bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite. Egg. SU; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15
per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs. $8 43 per 2000 lbs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes per lb in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed.- 6.60 c; Powdered.
S.ooc; Candy Granulated, 5.20 c; Dry Granulated,
5.10 c; Confectioners' A, 5.10 c; Magnolia A, 4.70 c;
Extra C, 4.60 c; Golden C, 4.60 c; barrels, 10c
more; half-barrels.- 25c more: boxes. 60c more;
CO-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos,
half-barrels, 6.85 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. APRIL 11.
Flour, qr sks 1.290 Hay. tons' 294
Wheat, ctls 6,410 Straw, tons ...... J?2
Barley, ctls 3,455 Eggs, doz 30,870
Corn, ctls ........ 760 Pelts, bndls ..... 193
Tallow, ctls . 242 Sugar, bbls 134
Butter, ctls 629 Wine, gals ....... 31.556
Cheese, ctls ...... 36S | Leather, rolls ... .38
Beans, sks ....... l.lS3!H!des, No 361
Potatoes, sks .... I.6SoLlme. bbls 182
Onions, sks — .. 60 Quicksilver, flsks 77
Middlings, sks .. 1501
OREGON.
Flour, qr.sks.;...' 1.4C4 | ".
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THUKSD A iT, APRIL 12, 1900.
carpenter work for church to b« known M St.
Boniface Church and Parsonage, on S line c-
Goldtn Gate avenue. 137:8 W of Jones street.
W 192:« by S 137:8: $13,000.
Same owner with Robert Mitchell (contrac
tor), architect same— Mason work for same on
same; $26,800.
Same owner with H. J. Lloyd (contractor).
architect same — Granite work for same on
same; $1126.
Same owner with McPhee Company (con
tractors), architect same— Sandstone for same
on same; $3450.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. V. 3. ?*., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.,
April 11. WOO.
Th» time ball was not dropped to-day, oa
account of a fault In the mechanism.
C. C. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charg*.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornln: tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha
Jay In the order of occurrence as to time. Tha
second time column rives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tlda
and the last or right hand column gives the
last title of the dajr. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The hetghts
riven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth riven br the charts. The plane of
reference Is th» mean of th» tower low w»t»r».
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— •-•»¦¦ May. July.
Opening 5 10T4 6 10%
Closing 5 10% 6 10%
. PARIS.
• Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 21.10 22 45
Closing - 20 SO 22 30
' Flour-
Opening 27 70 29 35
Closing .27 85 29 00
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON. April 11.— The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter,, will -say ¦ to-morrow: There
has . been more . looking around for wool on
the part of manufacturers, several of whom
are evidently getting ready to buy some stocks
and there Is on the whole a better tone to
the market. \ The volume of business actually
transacted Is still very moderate, for the rea
son that In a number of Instances holders of
wool were unwilling to meet the views of the
consumers. While the wool market cannot as
yet be -quoted as actually higher the down
ward tendency which previously characterized
It seems to have been arrested for the time
being at any rate and a comparatively firm
feeling prevails. Advices from the Interior In
dicate a very firm feeling and the Idea of
holders of wool are In many Instances con
siderably above the level of the seaboard mar
kets. The sales of the week In Boston amount
ed to 2,929,400 pounds domestic and 853,600 for
eign, making a total of 3.692.900, against a
total of 2,714,000 for the previous week and a
total of 7,925,500 for the corresponding week
last year. The sales since January 1 amount
to 47.421,900 pounds, against 67.003,800 pounds
for the corresponding time last year.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April 11.-CATTLE— Receipts,
19.000; steers easier, butchers' stock and Texans
steady.' Natives— Best on sale to-day, one car
at $5 85; good to prime steers, nearly steady,
$5@5 85: poor ,to medium, 10c lower, at $4 15®
4 90: selected feeders, steady, $4 25@4 90; mixed
stockers, $3 60@4; cows, steady, $3@4 60; heifers,
choice stronger, $3 10@4 80: - canners, steady,
$2 25@2 SO; bulls, steady, $2 75<g4 40; calves, un
changed, $4 50<36 75. Texans— Receipts, 300;
beet on sale to-day, three cars at $5 30; Texas
steers (fed), steady, $425 30; Texas bulls,
steady, $3 23@3 75.
HOOS— Receipts, 30.000; estimated to-morrow,
23.000; left over. 6000; market active, 2%rf?f.c
lower; tops. $5 70; mixed and butchers, $5 So®
6 65; good to choice heavy, $5 60«J5 70; rough
heavy, $5 35<g5 45; light, $5 35@5 57%; bulk of
sales, $5 50@S 57%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 18,000; slow to 10c lower;
lambs mostly 10c lower; top, $5 70: good to
choice wethers, $6 10<S6 SO: fair to choice mixed,
$si§6; Westerns, $6@6 40; yearlings, $6@6 75;
native lambs, $5 50®7 50; Western lambs, $6®
7 60.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, April 11.— In the local wheat
market there Is a fair amount of business do-
Ing and owing to the scarcity of tonnage there
has been quite a heavy accumulation of wheat
on spot, there being at least a dozen cargoes
In Portland at the present time. Walla Walla,
54@55c: valley. 54c: bluestem, 57c.
Cleared— British steamer Monmouthshire for
Hongkong with 27,944 barrels of flour.
WASHINGTON. fp'':X
TACOMA, April 11.— Wheat quiet and un
charged. Bluestem, CCc; club, 64c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, April 11.— Clearances, $304,422;
balances, ; $29,040.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, April 11.— Consols, 101V4- Silver,
27%. French rentes lOlf 47% c. wheat cargoes
on passage, more Inquiry; cargoes No. 1 stand
ard California, 20s; cargoes Walla Walla,
2Ss 4%d. English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, April 11.— WHEAT— Firm: No.
1 standard California. 26s sd(g26s 6d; wheat In
Paris, firm. Flour In Paris, steady. French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 5 13-32 d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL, April 11.— The grain and pro
vision exchanges will close at 3 p. m. to-mor
row and will not reopen until Tuesday,
April 17.
CHICAGO. April 11.— The wheat market
opened active and strong under the Influence
of the Government report putting the condi
tion at £2.1 per cent, considerably lower than
had been expected and the cold weather In
the Southwest, May %@%c over yesterday at
67%067vfcc. Shorts covered and May advanced
to 68V»c. The crowd, however, was against
the market. Long stuff came out and the
price was forced down slowly to" 67% c. The
close was barely steady. May a shade over
yesterday at C~ l A>q6~%c. Cables were not en
couraging and many on the. floor held that
the cold weather would have little If any
effect. The ca«h demand was poor.
The 'Ftory of wheat might be written of
corn. The opening was strong and active and
the bulge met liquidation and a poor cash
demand. The wheat statement and the bad
weather In sections of the corn-growing belt
were the factors early. The market closed In
a weak condition, with May %®%c under yes
terday.
Provisions were active, but depressed ' de
spite a good outside demand. Hogs were
weaker and receipts were liberal. Liquidation
by Influential longs was kept up during the
entire session an<l did much to lower prices.
May pork closed 4."ii?'47%c under yesterday: May
lard, 12%i915c depressed, and May ribs 15@17%c
lower. . f
Oats advanced early In sympathy with other
grains. May reacted under the common Im
pulse, but July, held steady on reports of late
seeding and a poor crop outlook.
There will be no session .' of the Board of
Trade April 13— good Friday.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
April .... 67
May 67T4 65% 67% 67%
July C 9% 69W 65% CS%
Corn No. 2—2 —
April .... 39
May 49% «>% 33% 33%
.July ; : 41* 41% 40% 40%
September 41% 42 41>i 41Vi
Oats No. 2—2 —
May 23 25 24% 24%
July 24% 24% 24% 24%
September 23% 23% 23% 23%
Mesa Pork, bbl—
May ......; 12 92% 13 00 12 67% 12 67*4
July 13 05 13 03 12 SO 12 80
Lard. 100 lbs—
May C 97% « 97% 685 6 87%
July "02,4 7 07% C f>s G95
September 7 12% 7 17% 703 703
Short Rlba. 100 lbs— '
May 710 7 17% 700 7 Ofl
July ..'.:... 7 0T» 7 I 1)I 1 ) C 93 6 97%
September 710 j 710 COS. 0 97%
Caeh quotations wero n* follows: Flour,
firm: No. S spring wheat, 6.j',./iSCGc: No. 2 red,'
C3%@7oc; No. 2 corn. 39%^40c; No. 2 onts. 23V1©
25% c; No. 2 white, 27%«?25%c; No. 3 white. 27%@
28'; c; No. 2 rye. 66@;7c ; , No. ' 2 barley. 42if?4.".c:
N0..l flaxseed, $1 73: prime timothy seed, $2 40:
mess pork, per barrel. ' $12 I.VTj 12 75; lard,*: per
100 pounds. $G 75J76 93; short ribs sides • (loose),
$6 WXffl 25: dry salted shoulders (boxed). SO 75©
7: short clear sides -(boxed), $7 10<3;7 35: whisky,
distillers' " finished goods, per Ballon,' $1 25%. ,
ARTICLES. ' Receipts. Shlpm'ts.
Flour. : barrels 67.000' BS.OOO:.
Wheat, bushels ............. ' 75.M10 ¦' 63.000
Corn, bushels "...:..... 269.0*} " 19(5.000
Oats, bushels 320,000. 332.000
Rye. bushels :.....:... ; 6,(;00 ' • 3.G00
Barley. buphe1H... .;.:....'... 23.000, '20.000
On ' the Produce Exchange , to-day the butter
8
Steamer.
From
Due.
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 13
Newburr Grays Harbor Apr. U
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 13
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 12
Pomona San Diego —~.. Apr. 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. M
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. U
Aloha Crescent City Apr. 14
jeanl* Oyster Harbor -.. Apr. 14
Columbia Portland Apr. 14
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 13
Coos Bay Newport Apr. lo
Lasuna Tlllamook Apr. W
Mackinaw Seattle....... Apr. 18
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Apr. 18
Empire Coos 8ay.... Apr. 18
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. 17
City of Puebla. Victoria A Puget Sound Apr. 17
Corona San Diego Apr. IT
TlUnla Nanalmo Apr. 1.
Wellington Oyster Harbor Apr. 17
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. IS
Bonita Newport ~ Apr. 19
Del Norte Portland Apr. 19
Peru Panama • Apr. vt
State of Ca1.... Portland Apr. 20
Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
Steamer.
. - — .
State of Cal Portland...... Apr. 13. 10 am Pier M
Bonlta Newport .. Apr. 13. »am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. It. Ipm Pier 3
Pomona ... Humboldt..— Apr. 14. JpmPler 9
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 13. Dam Pier 13
Newbur* .. Grays Harbor Apr. 15. spm ........
Santa Kosa San Dlejo Apr. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Outen Vie & Pgt Sd. Apr. 18. ID am Pier »
Coos Bay... Newport Apr. 17. »am Pier 11
r£rlc ...... IChlnaA Japan Apr. IT. Ipm PMS3
Nortf? Fork Humboldt Apr. IS. 9am Pier 3
Arcata Coo« Bay Apr. 13.
Columbia 3 Portland Apr. 18. 18 am Plw M
City Para.. Panama.. ..~. Apr. IS. It m PMS3
Moaaa. Sydney Apr. IS. .. pm Pier 7
Corona .... San Diego Apr. 19. 11 amlPler 11
Steamer.
From
Due.
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound Apr. 13
Newburr Grays Harbor Apr. U
Point Arena.... Point Arena Apr. 13
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 12
Pomona San Diego —~.. Apr. 13
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. M
Arcata Coos Bay Apr. U
Aloha Crescent City Apr. 14
jeanl* Oyster Harbor -.. Apr. 14
Columbia Portland Apr. 14
North Fork Humboldt Apr. 13
Coos Bay Newport Apr. lo
Lasuna Tlllamook Apr. W
Mackinaw Seattle....... Apr. 18
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Apr. 18
Empire Coos 8ay.... Apr. 18
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. 17
City of Puebla. Victoria A Puget Sound Apr. 17
Corona San Diego Apr. IT
TlUnla Nanalmo Apr. 1.
Wellington Oyster Harbor Apr. 17
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. IS
Bonita Newport ~ Apr. 19
Del Norte Portland Apr. 19
Peru Panama • Apr. vt
State of Ca1.... Portland Apr. 20
3 Time Time Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W HW L.W HW
[2 ...I 1:58 1.4 10:30 4.« »:43 1.8 10:13 5.2
13 ... 4:30 1.0 11:02 4.7 4:1« 2.0 10:45 i.i
14 ... 4:53 0.6 11:45 4.7 4:4« 2.2 11:10 5.4
15 ... 6:33 0.2 12:30 4.9 5:19 2.51 11:35 5.!
18 ... 6:10 0.0 1:15 4.5 5:52 2.7
H W L. W H W I* VT
17 ... 0:02 5.4 «:51 — 0.1 2:031 4.5 «:31 t.J
[g ... 0:35 B.4 7:33—0.2 2:56| 4.5! 7:13! 1.1
Destination.
Balls.
I Pier.
Steamer.
. - — .
State of Cal Portland...... Apr. 13. 10 am Pier M
Bonlta Newport .. Apr. 13. »am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. It. Ipm Pier 3
Pomona ... Humboldt..— Apr. 14. JpmPler 9
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 13. Dam Pier 13
Newbur* .. Grays Harbor Apr. 15. spm ........
Santa Kosa San Dlejo Apr. 15. 11 am Pier 11
Outen Vie & Pgt Sd. Apr. 18. ID am Pier »
Coos Bay... Newport Apr. 17. »am Pier 11
r£rlc ...... IChlnaA Japan Apr. IT. Ipm PMS3
Nortf? Fork Humboldt Apr. IS. 9am Pier 3
Arcata Coo« Bay Apr. 13.
Columbia 3 Portland Apr. 18. 18 am Plw M
City Para.. Panama.. ..~. Apr. IS. It m PMS3
Moaaa. Sydney Apr. IS. .. pm Pier 7
Corona .... San Diego Apr. 19. 11 amlPler 11J. A. -CUNNINGHAM.
•^ OMMUTEKS will learn with sorrow
I of the death of Joseph Andrew
I . Cunningham, the aged ticket col-
U lector, at the Oakland ferry.. "He
passed away early yesterday morn
ing at the railroad's hospital," corner of
Mission and Fourteenth streets.";* Death
was due to paralysis. He was 62 years old
when the end came.
Mr. Cunningham had been' confined to
the hospital v since February 22. For the
past twenty-five years he had been ? a
faithful servant of the Southern: Pacific
Company. Seven years ago he was placed
on the gate at the ferry collecting tickets,
and by his • kindly ; ways and courteous
treatment of the patrons of the corpora
tion.gained hundreds of friends.
He left' a* widow, , who resides in this
city, and two sisters and a* brother, : who
live. ln: Sydney,: Ohio. .As the latter, place
was his native city his remains .will , be
(.hipped the* e to-morrow, for . interment.
The body In now lying in the undertaking
parlors of . McAvoy ! & Co. at 1235 • Market
street«tßßfflßßßß^fflHHHHMH^^-- '
A SIDE LINE.
Good Work by a Traveling Man.
A traveling man, Mr. Julius C. Meyer
of 175 Fairlawn street, Cleveland, has
cured a number of his friends of stom-
ach troubles, dyspepsia, bowel com-
plaints, etc., by urging the use of Grape-
Xuts breakfast food. He says:
"A business man, a friend of mine,
was'so run down that he left his busi-
ness several months becaust he could
not eat enough to supply the strength
required to work. After spending hun-
dreds of dollars in journeys to mineral
springs for baths, in medicines, atten-
dants, etc., without success. I recom-
mended Grape-Xuts food, and at the
end of thirty days he told me he .never
enjoyed a better appetite, was never
more energetic or felt more like work
than then. This change came around
entirely by reason of his leaving off the
ordinary food and using principally
Grape-Xuts at his meals. He said he
would not be without the food at a dol-
lar a pound.
"A lady friend of my wife was suffer-
ing so with dyspepsia that she was com-
pelled to give up her work as no food
would ftay on her stomach for five
minutes. The doctors told her there
was no hope for her ever enjoying food
of any kind. She started in on Grape-
Xuts and used nothing else for about
three months, when she was com-
pletely cured and ready to attend to her
business. She takes Grape-Nuts with
her every day. She said to my wife,
'Had it not been for you and Grape-
Nuts I surely would have died. I shall
never forget your kindness to me.'
"In my own family we have used the
food for about a year, constantly, and
have all enjoyed better health since its
introduction. It has done us more good
than we ever expected to get from a
food."
There js a deep, underlying reason
why Grape-Nuts food cures people of
dyspepsia and builds them up into a
fine condition of health and, strength.
Certain principles are abstracted from
the grains and made up into the food
known as Grape-Nuts, producing a
powerful, concentrated food that gives
certain and well-defined . results. ¦ Ths
proof is in the eating. There are hun-
dreds of thousands of people tnat can
give testimony regarding the strength-
ening properties of this famous food.
COURT NOTES.
A Jury In Judge Hunt's court yesterday
found judgment for $3000 In favor of Jes
sie Milne, John Elder Milne and Cather
ine Milne and against the Nakek Pack
ing Company. John Milne, father of the
first two and husband of the last-named
plaintiu., was killed aboard the vessel B.
P. Cheney, which is owned by the defend
ant corporation, and the jury found that
his death was due to defendant's negli
gence in failing to place proper guards
around the companion way.
Charles Kelb has sued Melissa Amelia
*Potter. as executor of the will of the late
Jesse Sheldon Potter, to recover $1027 60,
a..eged to be due by decedent for board
and lodging at 110 O'Farrell street.
Kate A. Pohll has sued the Market
Street Ralrway Company to recover $2500
damages for her alleged unlawful ejection
from a Fillmore street car on March 26
last.
AMERICAN LINE.
ttW TORI. BOUT HAMPTON. LONDON. PASX&
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 18 a. ox.
St. Louis April 11 9t. Louis May 3
New York April IS New York May 9
St. Paul .April 23 St. Paul Hay 18
RED STAR LINE.
NeW York. ar)d Antwerp
From New York every Wednesday/ 13 noon.
Southwark April Uf Noordtand May 3
Westernland ...April 1* Frlesland May 9
Kensington ....April 25! Southwark May IS
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 21. to Nome *nd St Michael.
Subsequent sailings, June SO, July 31. Aug. 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
SO Mi-intgnmerv at., or utT nt tfn lurenta.
THREE CROOKS WILL
GO TO SAN QUENTIN
OAKLAND. April ll.— Samuel McCrea,
Ch&rlea Clark and Charles Lewis Jack-
con were each s^ntereed by Judge Greene
to-day to serve five years in San Quentin.
All pieaded guilty to burglary in the sec
ond degree, and their sentences were the
limit allowed by the law.
In passing sentence upon Clark, who ia
a veteran "crook." Judge Greene naid he
was convinced Clark was a perjurer and
•was eorry he could not give him twenty
five years, which he really deserved.
Ulberg Was Drowned.
BERKELEY, April 11.— The inquest over
the body of John Ulberg, which waa
washed ashore April 1. was held this aft
ernoon. Coroner Mehrmann examined a
number of witnesses who identified the
body. Carl Johnson said he had roomed
with Ulberg and had last seen him on the
morning of March 31. Ulberg borrowed
some money from him and then disap
peared. The jury rendered a verdict that
Ulberg came to his death by asphyxiation
through drowning. The jury could not de
termine whether it was a case of suicide
or not.
H. D. BATES OF ST THOMAS, ONTARIO, CHAMPION LIVE-BIRD. SHOT.
Long Island. He shot- from tho twenty
eight-yard mark and killed fifty-nine live
birds without a miss. The winner is com
paratively new in the trap-shooting world.
*^-*-o-*-o-»- o-*o-»-o -?¦ ©?o-«-o-*-o-«-o-«-o-*>
> .JLIMIJU +
' | II — ¦WIIMIH
> o
; M Natural Mineral Water ?
' $$&\ known for centuries and +
I jß^^k. Imported 0
; 23JJJ2% ONLY IN BOTTLES. ?
! -y^^Mk F °r Disordsr.'d Stomach t
» ;^S££SS!U3 Its ralua has been testl- O
' fio d to by thousands. ?
VICHY So-c»lled Vichy In Sy. ?
1 """si£BSiiJ 15»1 5» phons I
; %£s&}§, IS NOT VICHY. ?
¦ ' gSog Get the Genuine. J
' fe^csH^ls! Tout physician O
! Bgg£aPsJg A. YIOIIIIE. DiitrHmtlag Agnat °,
- <>? O-» O-» O-«-O-« v O ? O-*- O-+- O ¦*¦ O-+ O-»- O-»
He is 24.years of age, and although he has
enjoyed an extended reputation as a field
shot he has not been prominent at the
traps. He has taken part in two open
tournaments, but s this was his first ap
pearance In the event which means the
championship of America.
Of the Californlas, Clarence Nauman
killed twenty- four out of twenty-five in
the first round, shooting from the same
mark as Bates, the ultimate winner. Tho
name of "Jack" Fanning, the second rep
resentative of California, does not appear
among those of the men who missed but
one bird.
Eight men killed twenty-five straight
and then settled down to shooting off the
tie for premier position. As they missed
a bird they retired. The competition fin
ally dwindled down to Bates and J. R.
Malone. Each grassed his birds In turn
until the thirty-fourth round. Bates kill
ed a straightaway driver, while Malone
failed to .stop a towering driver, which
sailed away for parts unknown. The
wing shooting championship thus went to
Bates. '--v ..' ' .V-/
BANKER PITCHER
WROTE NOT ONE
WORD OF DEATH
Message to His Wife Brought
Only an Inciosure of
Greenbacks.
Last Communication From the Dead
Cashier Was Simply to Comply
With a Request for
Some Money.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
llli Broadway. April lL
The last possibility that Cashier Henry
JL PHc!ier of the Bunk of Livennore had
left a. message of explanation about his
suicide w.is removed to-day when his
widow received the ltttcr mulled to her
rrom XJvermora by Pitcher Sunday even*
lue. The envelope contained noming- but
ktM in greenbacks carefully laia between
i«a blank siieets ot the letter heads uf
the ; ..1 i.X of Ljvexmore. There was not v.
woru accompanying the currency, wnieii
Mrs. I'iither explained to-night had been
tent in response to her request to tier hus-
Ls.nd tor money with wluca to make sonic
, t-iiiis lv a nwuM snu owns in miv i'i an
cmco.
me letter had been taken several times
lv tne reatdenc* r «t 2<ii» lJurant avenue,
xierkeley, wnere the wiuow a*id tier
u*u&ihoj6 nave Deen oouraintf, bui in ot
ut-r iiijii it stiuuld be delivered Into Mrs.
i-*uener s iiaji.is v was beM uiail sne couia
t>e. personally seen t>y Ule letter carrier.
4-Wsutins that the envelope was held in
ijje .jiemeley pottcthce, unere it arnveu
irom Ltvermore Monday night.
Mrs. Pitcher said that when her hus
band called on fcunday afternoon sne had
leyue^ted him to fcive her the mone,y. ile
did not have the amount she needed with
ium. ana firomisoa: to mail her $*) wnen
he had returned to Lavermore. The let
ter was placed in the Livermore postot
nve about S* o'clock Sunday evening.
friends of the dead banker insist that ana
incident can be taken only to mean that
ineie was no premeditation in Pitcher's
The faci that Pitcher did not send
a lir.e of nietssge to his wife with the in
cloture is one circumstance that further
clouds wlin mystery the story of the
linancier's death. That even the most
commonplace message from husband to
wife should have been omitted in this last
communication, even on the brink of the
grave, is deemed one of the strange incl
aent« surrounding the. suicide. Tho
Pitchers bad studiously avoided for a Hng
time any action which would have led to
comment on their domestic relations. That
theie was trouble between the couple is
a certainly, but an open breach had not
been manifest. Until Mrs. Pitcher and her
daughters went to Berkeley, six weeks
age. to reside the family dwelt together.
Tnc intimates of the Pitchers profess
amazement that there should be a public
suggestion of disturbances. But through
out the town there runs a strong under
current of rumor that all had not been
well. This, however. Is not taken as hav
ing had any bearing upon the death of
the bank manager.
Mrs. Pitcher declared positively to
night that there was absolutely, no cause
within her knowledge which wouid have
led her husband to take his life. She had
relied upon the statements to her from
friends that he was temporarily insane
when h" f^hot himself.
MattfTP at the bank resumed somewhat
of a normal condition to-day. There were
a few more disturbed depositors to with
draw their funds, but the official notice
from the Hank Commissioners' secretary,
C. H. Dunsmoor, that there were ample
funds to meet all demands checked the
rush for gold. Until affairs become mor«
settled Charles G. Reed will remain in
charge. The selection of a permanent
*ucc«ssor to the dead cashier ha* not yet
been considered.
Attorney Q. V. La n gran, the bank's
cminseHjr, wU! probably. take charge ot
The estate of Pitcher temporarily, or It
may be left in the hands of A. A, Moore
in connection with the Varaey trust liti
patlon, as he was the cashier's represent
ative In court. Th<> contest has tx?en con
tinued until next Monday morning. The
question whether the trial can proceed
without a trustee to take the place of
Pitcher is now under the eye of the at
torneys. There is a difference of opinion.
Attorney A. S. Treat, who is with Bishop
<t Whf^W. representinsr the beneficiaries*,
says the surviving trustees assume lla
bilttjr] having been jointly interested with
Virv-her. The Litter's estate would. In that
attorney* opinion, b*? liable for any Judg
ment th* court might render against him
in the *>v<»nt a breach of trust were de
clared to have been committed in hand
ling the Varney property.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Joe Cotton Defeated.
DENVER, April 11.— A special to the
Republican from Leadvllle, Co}o., says:
Billy I ewts of Denver was to-night given
the decision over Joe Cotton of San Fran
cisco before the Leadville Athletic Club at
the end of the tenth round.
Divorce for Mrs. Hadley.
LOS ANGELES, ; April 11.— Mrs. Louise
Hadley. niece of Congressman Nelson
Dlngley, was to-day granted a decree by
Judge Shaw .divorcing her from W. E.
Hadley, the well known hotel-keeper- of
San Diego.
Recommend New Engine Houses.
The Board of Public Works on Tuesday
submitted a report to the Supervisors in
which It recommends that the petition of
the Fire Commissioners, for new lire
houses- be granted, and that a sufficient
cum of money should be set aside for the
fmrpo?e. The Superintendent has exam
ned the houses and finds that new struc
tures should be erected in place of those
now occupied by engine 6, on Sixth street;
engine 9 on Main street, between Fol-
Fom and Harrison: Water tower 1, on
New Montgomery, near Mission; engine
24, on Douglass street; engine. 8 and
truck 4. on Pacific street, near Polk, en
gine 3," on California street, near Leaven
worth: engine 22. truck 5, on Post street,
near Fillmore, and engine 5, at 1219 Stock
ton street, all of which are said to be in
a deplorable condition.
Southern Pacific Earnings.
The enormous receipts, expenditures
and profits of the Southern Pacific Com
pany are shown 'in a statement Just is
sued by Collls P. Huntlngton, giving the
earnings for the month of February last,
and for the first eight months of the pres
ent fiscal year, commencing July 1, 1899.
In February, the gross receipts were $4,
644.&55. an increase of $710,806 over the
same month last year, and the operating
expenses $3,289,408. an Increase of $403,667
over February, 1899. The net earnings
were, $1,355,254. or $307,138 over last year.
For the entire eight months the gross
earnings were $42,812,422, an average of
$5,300,000 per month, and an Increase over
the same period last year of $6,086,039. The
operating expenses were $27,247,248, and
net earnings $15,665,175, or $3,476,776 more
than the first eight months of last year.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the Disease.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
There has been discovered by the Stats
Medical Institute. 203 Elektron building. ' Fort
Wayne, Ind.. the most remarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. It has cured all such In-
dications as mucous 1 patches In the mouth,
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
ulceratlons on the body and In hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole skin was a mass ot bolls,
pimples and ulcers this wonderful specific has
completely changed ths whole body Into a
clean, perfect condition of physical health.
Every railroad running into Fort Wayne brings
scores of sufterers seeking this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those who cannot travel
to realize what a truly marvelous work tha in-
stitute Is accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial treatment so that
every one can cure themselves in the privacy
of their own home. This Is the only known
cure for Dlood Poison. Do not hesltat* to
write at once and the free trial will be sent
sealed in plain package.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GRAPE-NUTS.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, an I
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
88. NIPPON MARU :
....Wednesday. April 23th. 19M
SS. AMERICA MARU. Saturday. May 13th, 1900
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June 14th. 1300....
Via Honolulu.
Rotrad-trlp tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's orflc*.
411 Market st.. corner First.
. • W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Dr. Coyle to Go East.
OAKLAND, April 11.— Rev. Dr. R. F.
Coyle, D. D., will go East on Monday next
to attend the great World's Ecumenical
Conference, to be held In Carnegie Hall.
New York City, from April 21 to May 1.
It Is expected that 3000 delegates, repre
senting all denominations will be in at
tendance. President McKlnley will pre
side at one of the sessions and ex-Presi
dents Cleveland and Harrison at others.
GATEKEEPER
PASSES AWAY
MISS PEIXOTTO TO GET
A DOCTOR'S DEGREE
BERKELEY, April 11.— Miss Jessica
Blanche Peixo.tto. who graduated from the
University of California in 1534 with the
degree of Ph. 8., will receive the doctor's
degree this year. Miss Pelxotto will have
the distinction of being the second woman
in the history of the university to be thus
honored.
Miss Peixotto spent two years in Paris
studying socialism. Since her return "she
has followed her studies under^ie direc
tion of Professors Moses. Bacon and
Paget, until now she is ready to try for
the prized degree. As her thesis she will
give "A Comparison of the French Revo
lution With the Theories of Modern
French Socialism."
EX-CORONER HILL WINS
ON A TECHNICALITY
Withheld Jewelry of a Murdered
Woman, but Her Husband
Cannot Recover It.
A decision was rendered yesterday by
Justice of the Peace Kerrigan in favor of
ex-Coroner Hill In a suit brought against
the latter official by John Tracy, husband
of the woman who was murdered in a
Turk-street lodging-house recently by
Paul Debauge. Tracy sued for $130 worth
of jewelry, which he claimed to be com
munity property and which Hill refused
to surrender. Tracy testified that he had
given the jewelry 10 his wife as a token
of love and affection and on that show-
Ing Justice Kerrigan was obliged to decide
against him, as the law holds that such
gifts are the personal property of the
wife.
It developed that Tracy raised $40 to
pay his wife's funeral expenses of $70 and
the difference, $30. was to have been sup
plied by Hill, who was to keep the jewel
ry as security. Tracy went East shortly
after and on his return was presented
with a bill for the $30 by the undertaking
company. He could get no satisfaction
from Hill.
The ex-Coroner has entered the words,
"Sold for funeral expenses," opposite the
Morgue records of the murdered woman's
belongings and In doing so Mr. Morgan
stern, attorney for the plaintiff, said
that "Hill had lied to every citizen
in San Francisco." Hill confessed that
he had pawned the trinkets and used the
money for his own benefit.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
T T NIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
I BERKELEY. ApriI 11.— The students
II of the university will tender Pro-
fessor Bernard Moses a farewell re
ception next Friday morning at 11:15
o'clock. There will be a big rally around
the flagpole in front of the library build
ing. President Wheeler will introduce
Professor Moses to. the assemblage, and
there will be a number of speeches and
godspeed wishes to the new Commission
er. The whistle on the mechanics' build-
Ing will blow to notify all of the grand
rally.
The graduate club and the California
Union will meet In East Halnnext Friday
evening at 7:45 o'clock. There will be mu
sic, and Professor Armes will give several
readings.
TO CALL FOR BIDS ON
WELLS AND DREDGING
OAKLAND. April 11.— The Board of
Public Works has called a special meet
ing for Friday to advertise for bids to
bore test wells for water on the Roberts
property at San Lorenzo. Captain Rob
erts' suggestion that six, eight and ten
inch wells be sunk has been adopted. At
the next regular meeting of the board
there will be bids ordered for dredging at
the city wharves and for the purchase
of a dredger. Mayor Snow said a dredger
could be purchased for the $5000 which
has been appropriated by the City Coun
cil; that the dredging could be done by
the city, and that the city would have
both improved harbor facilities and the
dredger as well after the work shall have
been completed.
QUEEN TAKES A DRIVE
DURING A RAINSTORM
Contents Herself With Only an TJm
brella as Protection Against
the Downpour.
DUBLIN, April 11.— In eplte of the al
most continuous rain the Queen, accom
panied by the Princess Victoria of Batten
berg, her granddaughter, surprised the
few spectators in Phoenix Park by driving
out during the afternoon. Her Majesty s
destination to-day was the Duke of Con
naught's residence, where she made a
brief call, and then continued her drive
past Castle Knock College and Mount
Sackvllle Convent, where- the scholars
greeted her. But the ordinary roads were
deserted, rain and wind prevailed and the
thoroughfares were in a horrible condi
tion In spite of this, it was not until a
point overlooking the River Liffey was
reached that the Queen ordered her car-
H Just t as b Uie llfghland attendants closed
the carriage the storm burst out with re
newed force, but at the first sign of its
abatement her Majesty ordered the car
riage to be reopened. As the viceregal
grounds came into view the storm reached
almost a hurricane, with blinding rain,
and though the carriage was open the
Queen contented herself with the shelter
of an umbrella and the horses dashed for
ward as rapidly as possible, reaching the
viceregal lodge safely at 5 o'clock, after
an eight-mile drive.
»
CHANGES AT AGNEWS.
Many Vacancies Filled by the Board
of Managers.
Special Dispatch to ThVCaH.'r-,^,, "¦'¦ . M\"
SAN JOSE, April 11.— The Board of
Managers of Agnews Asylum held Its
regular monthly meeting to-day, all the
members being present.
Medical Superintendent . Crane reported
that on March 31 there were in the hos
pital' 998 patients, of whom 580 were males
and 418 females.
Treasurer T. S.. Montgomery reported
that on March 31 he had cash In the pa
tients' fund, $2619 60; cash in the hands of
the medical superintendent, $290; cash in
the hands of the State Treasurer, belong
ing to the contingent fund, $14,140 34.
The usual number of changes in em
ployes that have been reported at each
meeting by Dr. Crane was made, jhe
changes for the month of March were:
Resigned— J. Crandall, assistant attend
ant: D. J. Godfrey, fireman.
Appointed— T. G. Basham, basement
man; E. Kllsby, head attendant: M. J.
Campion, assistant attendant; A. J. Nord
berg, assistant attendant: N. L. Kilsby, as
sistant attendant; R. Cameron, assistant
painter; J. W. McMeekin, assistant at
tendant; J. A. Angus, fireman; O. Trost
man, porter.
Six of the dairy cows of the asylum that
were affected with tuberculosis were
killed.
WAR RUMORS EXAGGERATED.
Russia Has but Thirty Thousand
Men at Kushk.
LONDON, April 12.— The Simla corre
spondent of the Times says: "I learn from
a trustworthy source that the strength of
the Russian garrison at Kushk is about
30 000 men. Including a mountain battery.
The previous reports were much exag
gerated.
"Tha Duke of Connaught Is mentioned
as the probable successor of the. late Sir
William l-rfickhart as commander-in-chief
in India." •
Suicide of a Farmer.
FRESNO, April 11.— Adolph N. Rein
hart, a well known German farmer, blew
his head off at 1 o'clock this afternoon.
Despondency over a chronic ear complaint
is supposed to be the cause of the act. He
recently returned from a trip to Portland.
Or., where he had gone with a view. of
locating. He sold his ranch for |3(KW sev
eral weeks ago.* He was sober and indus
trious. Four years ago he married Katie
Leglar, daughter of- Rev. Jacob Leglar,
formerly pastor of the German Congrega
tional Church of Fresno and now of Port
land. He leaves a widow and two small
children. .
Charged With Murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOMPOC, April 11.— John W. Smith,
who was shot by Thomas Hind on the
Lompoc' stage on the 4th inst., died from
the wound on tho Cth. Hind was to-day
charged with murder in the second degree
and bail fixed at $10,000. He has not been
able to furnish the bail and will be taken
to Santa Barbara, the county seat, on to
morrow morning's stage.
¦ - ?
Death of a Pioneer.
SAN JOSE. April 11.— Henry 1 J. Ward,
a native of New ; York and a forty-niner,
died here to-day, aged 81. , He formerly
conducted hotels at Tiburon and at Clov
erdale. Back in* the fifties he conducted
the Central House, on the stage, road be
tween Marysvtlle and Oroville. He served
also as Tax Assessor for Alpine County. .
Bryan Goes East.
LOS , ANGELES. April 11— William J.
Bryan left for the East by way of Phoe
nix, Ariz., and Albuquerque, N. M., at 8
o'clock this morning. He had intended to
remain here until this afternoon, and a
public reception had been planned, but at
the last moment he found it necessary to
change his plans.
Bond Election Fails.
PASADENA, April 11.— The bond elec
tion for complete sewer system failed; to
carry to-day, the vote lacking thirty-two
Ot the necessary two-third 3 majority.
Marty citizens did not vote, believing that
a charter Is necessary, before extensive
Improvements can be made. .-,.-."
Ladies in Black Face.
Special Dispatch _to The Call."'
• WOODLAND", April 10.— A number ,of
society ladies,' members of the local par
lor of - Native Daughters, will appear as
black-face artists on April 27.; The enter
tainment, which will be ' a 1; swell - affair,
will be for. the benefitsof tfce Bick fund.
DUEL WITH RAPIERS
FOUGHT BY WOMEN
Daughter of an Austrian Officer and
a Famous German Beauty the
Principals. ¦.. !
Special cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
llshlnc Company.
NEW YORK. April 11.— The Sun has the
following from Berlin: The Tageblatt
states that a duel with rapiers has been
fought by two women— one the daughter
of an. Austrian officer and the other a
famous beauty, who is the daughter of a
Berlin landscape painter. Jealousy was
the cause.
The duel resulted In one of the women
being wounded in the left hip.
BONES OF A DINOSAURUS
UNEARTHED NEAR ATLIN
Greater Part of the Skeleton Recov
ered and Will Be Sent to Vic
toria to Be Mounted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, April 11.— A rare
palaeontological specimen was unearthed
on Spruce Creek, in the Atlln district, on
March 29 by Messrs. Ward and Hall, two
miners, who were drifting on their prop
erty on that creek. While digging they
unearthed a large bone. This arrested
their attention and they began a syste
matic search. More bones were revealed
and soon they had .taken out the skull and
the greater part of the skeleton of a large
prehistoric mammal. Some of the teeth
which had become detached were also
taken out. The skeleton's parts were
loaded on two sleds and carried to Atlin.
where they were placed on exhibition in
the: Government offices.
They are to be sent out to Curator Fan
nln of the British Columbia Museum at
Victoria to be mounted and classed. The
bones of the skeleton are of Immense size,
the tibia being larger 'than that of an
ejephant. The savants of Atlin are of the
opinion that the mammal unearthed by
tho miners is a, mastodon, but Curator
Fannin thinks, from the details he has re
ceived from the Government officials at
Atlin, that the bones are those of a dlno
saurus.
May Meet in Sacramento.
LOS ANGELES. April 11.— Seth Mann,
chairman of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee, stated to-day that he will
call a meeting of the committee in the
latter part of this month to settle upon
a time and place for holding the first
State convention, when delegates to the
national convention will be selected. Sao
ramento is thus far the only city asking
for the convention. The second, conven
tion will probably be held in Los Angeles.
MILES' ATTITUDE AS
TO THE PRESIDENCY
General Believes the Office Should
Seek the Man and He Will Not
Run Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— General Miles
said to-night that the mention of his
name in connection with the Presidential
nomination was unauthorized.
"I have not asked any one," he said, "to
advocate my nomination, nor have I de
clined to have my name used. I consider
the Presidency of the United States the
most exa»ied station on earth. It Is an
honorable ambition for any man to aspire
to be worthy and competent to fill. There
are many men in this country who would
fill all the requirements of the place and
perform all its duties with ability, intelli
gence and honor. I think the Intelligence
and patriotism of the country should seek
out the man for the Presidency rather
than that the man should seek the place."
It is well known to his close friends
that General Miles has received a large
number of letters from all parts of the
country expressing the desire that he al
low his name to be used in connection
with the Presidential nomination, but h«
has refrained from acting upon these sug
gestions.
NATIVES SAID TO HAVE
DEFEATED THE BRITISH
Reported Disaster to an Imperial
Force on the Gold Coast of
;../¦' West* Africa.
ACCRA, April 11.— Uncorroborated re
ports are in circulation here and at Cape
Coast Castle that the Governor of Ku
massie is in 1 the enemy's hands^ The
greatest fear. is felt for Cape Coast Cas
tle if a reverse has been sustained and
if the rebellion continues. It Is under
stood that Sierra Leone has asked for a
gunboat, but the troops there are not in
sufficient numbers to leave the colony.
Volunteers have offered for servlc» at
the front. The Accra natives prof ess
their willingness to do service if armed.
Mr. Basel, the missionary, writes from
M'Presio under date of April 7 that nve
English officers and forty Hussars have
been killed and complications are feared
with surrounding native states.
The chief executive officer still minim
izes the seriousness of the situation.
OREGON STATE CONVENTIONS.
All Four Will Convene in Portland
at the Same Hour.
PORTLAND, April 11.— Four State con
ventions—the Republican, Democratic,
Populists and Silver Republican— will
meet in this city at the same hour to
morrow. The officers to be nominated are
one Justice of the Supreme Court, Food
and Dairy Commissioner and four Presi
dential Electors. Each of the State con
ventions will also elect four delegates to
the national conventions.
A movement is on foot to-night among
the Republicans to make an expression
on the Porto Rican tariff bill, but the
consensus of opinion among the delegates
is that any resolutions on the subject will
be laid on the table.
The gold standard and President Mc-
Kinley's administration will be indorsed.
A majority of the Democrats and Popu
lists are in favor of fusion and unless the
programme is changed before to-morrow
a union off these forces will undoubtedly
be effected, though not without causing
a split in the Populist ranks. A number
of Populist delegates have asserted
to-day that if fusion is carried they will
bolt and place a middle-of-the-road ticket
in the Held. .
Delegates Elected.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. April 11.— The McKlnley and Ho
bart Club of this city held a meeting at
the Courthouse Tuesday, evening and
elected the following delegates to repre
sent it in the convention of the California
Republican League Clubs that is to be
held at Los Angeles on April 27: G. W.
Strohl (delegate at large), M. M.-Haas, J.
S. Taylor, T. B. Hutchinson, H. H.
Knapp, E. L. Webber and \V. J. Llndow.
The Republicans in this county are get
ting ready for the coming campaign and
are all enthusiastic for the re-election of
President McKlnley. The County Central
Committee -will meet here next Saturday
afternoon at 4 o'clock to take action in
regard to appointing or calling a conven
tion to elect delegates to the convention to
be held in Sacramento on May 15.
Attorney Smyth Injured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' SAN RAFAEL, April 11.— Attorney
Charles Smyth of San Francisco sustained
painful Injuries about the face as the
result of a contact between molt«n lead
and water while superintending somo
plumbing at his home here to-day. The
workman had placed a pot of lead on a
stove to melt and Smyth went to dee how
the operation was progressing. In bend-
Ing over a large quantity of water
dripped from his hat Into the molten
metal. * The lead immediately spurted In
every direction. It was feared Smyth's
eyes were 1 Injured, but an examination
by Dr. Wlckman showed Smyth's injuries
to be merely severe burns and he waa
removed to his home In San Francisco. .
Delegates to Kansas City.
LOS ANGELES, April 11.— The State
Committee of the Silver Republican party
met at 9 o'clock to-day in ; this city and
elected fifty-two delegates to the national
convention -to be held in Kansas- City on
July 4. ,C. P. Lane was made an honor
ary delegate. J. N. Phillips was . appointed
chairman of the delegation and : was given
power to charter a special car to convey
the delegates to Kansas City.
. ¦ , . ¦ ?.-•>¦ :• < -•— — ¦ • ¦
Popular Couple Engaged.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN 'RAFAEL, April 11.— The engage
ment of Miss L. P. Trumbull J of San ; Ra
fael and' R.C. Smith of San Anselmo was
announced ¦ to-day. ¦'¦ Both parties are 4 well
known, in local society and the announce
ment was the cause of much congratula
tion. ' - - ¦
HD. Pates of St. Thomas, Ontario,
won the eighth grand American
handicap for pigeon shooters lain
1 Friday at Interstate Park, Queens,
• I? OsUttvely cored by these
Little Pills.
They also Ttlieve Distress front Dyspepesa»
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A par-
feet remedy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
PafalntheSidcTOßHD UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
6m&!1 £sica»
MARION WELLS
TO BE TURNED
FROM HIS HOME
The Sculptor Finds Himself
in Great Financial Dif
ficulties.
Loses His Fortuns Backing Carlos
Ezeta for the Presidency of the
Republic of San Sal
vador.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 11.
Only a counter legal act to-day prevent
ed F. Marion Weils, the sculptor who de
signed the *tatuo of Justice tin San Fran
cisco's new City Hall, from being turned
out of his home and into the street. The
holder of a title to Mr. Wells' home In
Berkeley to-day secured a writ of eject
ment for Wells, and Constable J. C. Wil
liiiir.son was only prevented from serving
it by an injunction' which wns secured in
behalf of Mr. Wells.
Wells at one time ranked as one of the
leading sculptors of Kan Francisco and
¦was possessed of considerable wealth. He
purchased a handsome home in Berkeley,
fitted it up without regard to expense and
lavished money upon the grounds.
Then Wells became interested in the
fate of Carlos Kzeta and espoused the
cause of the banished President of San
Salvador. So Interested did he become in
his prospects that he advanced Kzeta a
considerable amount of money. When
Ezeta failed to secure either the Presi
dency or his property Wells lost a great
deal of money.
So badly did this loss cripple Wells that
he found it necessary to mortgage his
Berkeley home to a San Franciscan b>
the name of Lawrence. Lawrence has
Eince died, and now Wells find^ himself in
the position of being unable to meet either
the principal or the interest on the loan,
and the mortgage has been foreclosed.
But Wells did not leave his home, even
though he had lost it, and he found him
telf unable to meet even the rent demand
ed by Lawrence's executors, who to-day
took steps to dispossess him. . •
YOUNG TRAPSHOOTER DEFEATS VETERANS
IN THE IMPORTANT AMERICAN HAMDICAP
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALI!,' THURSDAY, APRIL, 12. 1900.
HIS PLEA FOR A
LIGHT SENTENCE
DID NOT AVAIL
Footpad Fonte Sent to Fol
som Penitentiary for
Twelve Years.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway. April 11.
"I was led away by bad associates. All
I ask you for Is a light sentence because
of my youth. I promise to do better tn
the future." This was Thomas 11. Fonte's
plea for leniency when he was called be
fore Judge Greene to-day for sentence on
his plea of gnilty of robbery.
Immediately after the last plea for
clemency the court pronounced a sentence
upon Fonto of twelve years* imprisonment
In Folsom.
Before sentence was pronounced Attor
ney C. P. Stevens made a speech, urging
clemency, but his Honor suggested that
Fonte himself could with better grace be
heard In his own behalf.
As soon as the young highwayman, act
ing on. the cue, had delivered his few
words, Judge Greene queried the prisoner,
who answered that he had good parents,
had been well advised, but had been led
away.
"Well, you do not appear very much
troubled over the matter, or hav^ you
shed your tears in private?" questioned
the Judge.
"Ye.«, sir." replied the prisoner. "I was
so much nff>cted by the' disgrace brought
on my family that I tried to commit sui
cide."
Judge Greene made some Inquiry about
Fonte s past, telling the f not pail, however,
that he was not bound to answer. Attor
ney Stevens objected to a query whether
the young robber had ever been arrested
before. This blocked evidence concerning
his connection with a safe robbery In Col
orado.
Fonte was a member of a gang of high
waymen who terrorized Oakland, being
responsible for half a dozen hold-ups,
during one of which J. F. Thomas, a West
Oakland saloon-keeper, was murdered.
Hesldes himself, William J. Downing and
Edward Scott confessed to one of th# rob
beries—that of Peter Chrlstensm at his
saloon. Second and Washington streets.
The fourth member of the gang, "Red"
Liynch, is at large.
tfjtjGSf&St&Snil BI * f *",.* ncn-poisoT:erat
v2ifEp%!~!^ra3 f. c , ae<ll a for Uonorrhoe*.
glfet. 3p#rmatorrhtE.%
Jgfiljr ia Ito 6 day*. VVhites, unnatural lis>
tfifi&f Ooir»oue4 H charifps, or any inflcniru*
gafajf not to suietare, tion, (irritation or uicer*-
eoouglao. . . tion c( maC o a s men*.
taYVHtEvAHS ChEWOIiCo. branea. J<oo-««trlngenU
lisaiUmciNiUTi.o.Hßl SoI «* *»7 Iftraffvistn,
iMftBttg\ rr t . •¦iß|r or « e a' ia plain wrup^r,
$i T (w e:xp "s 8 bo Pr i optti «*
ijjKRTOIS'
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1 Steamers leave Eroadway
Vk wharf. San Francisco:
K2»fc_ For Alaakan corts— lo a. m..
iSiWW. April 11. IS. 21. 26; M*y 1.
l3pH!w»!3k Change to company's steamers
ISTSri '%a^ F° r Victoria, Vancouver (B.
«SSaT*!3*^ll C), Port Towcsenl, ;**attl^.
J***"4BFs*£wM Tscoma, Everett. AnaoortM
and New Whatcom (Waah.)—
10 a. m.. Anrll 11. IS. 21. W:
May 1. and every fifth day thereafter; chan««
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. :
at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ?
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— f p. m» April
14 19. 24. 29: May 4 and every fifth day there-
after. _
For Santa Crtrz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavtota.
Fanta Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Loa Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m., April 9. IS. 17. 21. 25. »: May 4. and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfcrd
(San Luis ObinDo), Santa Barbara. Port Lo»
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— lt a. m..
April 7. 11. 15, 19. 21 27: May t aad ntxy
fourth day thereafter.
For En?eoada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa (Mexico)— lo a- m.. 7th of each
month.
For farther Information obtain company" »
folder.
The company reserves the right to chan^a
steamers, vailing date* and Kcwire of sailing.
wirhrvit pr^-vlou* nrtlcw.
TICKET OKTTOK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE Oi Ri ft R. GO,
BISPATCH FABT STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC £12 First Class Includiss Bert*
IAnC S8 Second Class and Meal*.
COLUMBIA sails April S
Short Line to Walla V.'alla. Snokane, liutte.
Helena and all points In tho Northwest.
Through tickets to ail points East.
E. C WARD. General Agent.
CO Market st.
GOODALL. PERKTNS A CO..
Superintendents.
fSESjftJUfJI Th ' s - S. Moan a
JBBflJSlll. si"" via TTonohiluar.J
•X* 8""8 ""* 1 Auckland for Sydn^v
a --—^. Wednesday. April IJi.
r^ilNl!D<J TH»3. 3. Australia
cyiwioiiy Mll9 for Honohll .,
fOfTiPrWW- Wednesday. May J.
V """ 19C0. at I d. m.
Favorite line arotind the world via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc. ; 1610- first class.
L D. BPKECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montoomerf
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Otfice.327 Market St
COMPAONI3 QXNEBALE TRANSATLASTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday Instead of <2-82j*»
Saturday, from November 2. ISM, at *¦ '
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot o£
Morton nt.. L'AQUITAINE. April 12: LA OAB-
COGNE. April 19; LA TOURAINE. April 2«;
LA BRETAGNE. May 3. First class to
Havre. $fiO and upward; 5 pec cent reduction
en round trip. Second class to Havre. $43; S
p«r cent reduction on round trip. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 "Broadway (Hudson buildlnsr). New
York. • J. F. FUOAZI A CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
visit DR- JORDAN'S great i
MUSEUM OF ANATOMYV
G& 10511U2XX?S?.ttt. 6&17&. CF.Cii. i
Of The Largest Anatomical Museum ia the \
_jX_ World. We*kn«".e» or any contracted m
JPSS Sgj?| diJMse p»-*ltl»el7c-«r«H»r>y theokiist W
JjS> ~3j| bpeaaliit en the Coin. HsL 36 you* Q
fIf&FS 08. JORDAN-PRIVATE OISEASES*
r^SStf^S t-ojsu'.tstion freo and »trktfr prirafe. \
i YCTir If Tr« itment personally or by letter. A m
fl fY ct aj P—.tn* Curt la every case undertaken. ?
H/J I £ Write for Bock. POILOsOPOVtIi
I I |>* HAHBliia:, MAILED FRBB. iA W
Q (L - valuable book for mm) \
I>lt. JUBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.,B. F. T
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
• TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCRRW PAPSENGKR SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
• For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE. 37 B'dWy.NT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved for Co.'b passengers on application.
HERZOG A CO.. On. Arts, for Pacific Coajt.
401 California St.. corner Pansome. 3. T.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMER 3.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJQ.
. '. Steamer "Montlcello.**
•MON..'Tue».. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at t:«S
a. m.; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thar*. nUmt); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. t
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsslan-«tr«a« Dock.
Pter No. I. ¦ Telephone Main 1508.
VABE «... ..50a
9rjftl. CB3H California at.
TRANSFER saloon: cheap If Bold Utts.waek.
Liquor Dealertg' Journal. C»tt California at
BARGAIN for buying or e«HlnfralooB« or ajjy
tuetneps; fair treatment Liquor Daalars
Jourcal. W4 California at. room i ,
A CANDY rtora: beat In city; receipts $20 dally.
COWING A CO.. 711 Market ft
A rjOARDING and llv»ry stable; fine location.
COWING A CO.. 71» Market st
A BRANCH bakery, dear, candy and notion
atore; baHtaJn. COWING ft CO.. 71» Market.
RESTAURANT on water front: a snap: see It
CO WI NO A CO.. 71* Market at
1300— BAKERY with oven; bargain thla day.
iIcLAUGHLIN & CO.. 177% Market at
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Frt. eve.. Xc;
readings, L.. 2Sc; G., £*>•. 1204 Fillmore st.
MRS. C. J. METER. 325 McAllister; spiritual
WAITRESS; neat, decent girl. 448 Third st
WANTED— Young girt to take care of baby.
l»OThi Devlsadero at.
PROTESTANT woman for general housework.
Apply before 11 o'clock at 679 Harrison sty
GIRL wanted; light housekeeping; good home.
801 Hayes Bt. •
6 TAILORESSE3 on custom coats. ¦ Room 88,
Donohoe building. 1170 Market st
.WANTED— A waitress, German 'or Scandlnar-
lan preferred. 1530 Kentucky st
YOUNG nursealrl. Call at 632 Oolden Gate
avenue. \. .. ¦¦¦..• ; ; : ¦•.--¦-.¦- ¦
WANTED — Good waitress ; restaurant' 3034
. Sixteenth, st. J: h<BS&MUtoHBBBK&BO6BBsHtKk i
WANTED— A German girl for light housework
at : 702 Capp Bt. -•
EXPERIENCED operators on* silk waists.
HOFFMAN A STEINHART. 230 Suttar st. r
I. Twnai ma.— n l 'iiriwnirrEriirw l iift»iHi«fc*Miiii» l .na« - - -
•FTuO— FAI/X)N on East rt.: paying business;
rent X*. Apply to DECKER. IC2O Market st
GROCERY and ealoon: t llricg roome; cheap
rent; long leaea. . Call Liquor Daaltrs' Jour-
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1433 Mar-
kat. t»t. 10th nud llth; clr. Mon.,' B p. ra.'J tto
BRODTKOnn will give readlnc* "to-day for
25c and clrcla at 8. 116 Sixth st. .
GERMAN woman wlHhi»s position to do house-
work or window cleaning; $1 and carfare .
27V4 Fourth at.
WOMAN wishes work by the day washing or
house-cleaning; 75c per day. 612 Howard et.
RELIABLE woman wishes to do housework by
th« day; $1 and car fare. 758-Howord st. -
YOUNG lady having practical experience aa
bookkeeper and typewriter desires work' of
anr kind In a business house; reference*; city
or country. Box 3426, Call.
YOUNG ; fomtn nanti work by tha day; $1;
no washing. Inquire 7S .Third at
GERMAN girl.* speaking German.- French and
English, wishes a 'position to take care; of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 ' Union at -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket;<2oo rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: 81 60 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; frea 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
BRICKMAKER wanted; competent man to go
to the country and burn large kiln of brick;
give references. Box 3327. Call offlce. .
WANTED— An . experienced man to mount
stoves; must understand repairs. Box 2329.
Call office.
BARBERS— 2-Chalr shop, with baths: In nearby
country town. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106
Ellla - st.
BARBERS— Good B-chnlr 10c shop and baths:
a bargain: must be sold. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 10C Ellla at.
BARBERS — 4 Chairs: 15c shop; 4 living rooms;
bargain. DECKELMAN. 106 Ellla at.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. ¦-¦ H. Bernard; Bee. 104 7th: tel Jesale 15J.
HANDS for sash and doors. King Planing
Mill. King St.. near Third.'
WANTED— Vast": finishers, buttonhole makers
.; and apprentices. 609 Kearny st, room 2. • -v.yr
WANTED— FIrst-claaa engraver ¦on Jewelry;
•no others need ' apply; ¦ steady position for
right man. Address box 3402, Call offlce.
ALT, sizes men's ahoes^ slightly damaged, half
price.- 662 ; Mission stT,, bet Ist and 2d sts. ,
: SOLICITOR • for .¦¦ merchant - tailor; experienca
¦ not necessary. ; 1215 Market ' st:
WANTED— Barber who can also assist In tend-
ing bar. Call •at once at 1551 Broadway,
Oakland.
MRS. ROBINSON. «?« Mark«t opp. l"th: Mt-
Hnio, dally; circles Monday and Friday eves.
GIRL would like position aa second girl; un-
derstandn tewing. Call 22S Eleventh at, -near
Howard. '
MIDDLE-AGED lady, speaking French, wlsheß
any kind of light housework or plain aewing;
city or country; more of a home than com-
penaatlon. Address box 3433, Call ofiloe.
WANTED — By young woman, washing, Iron-
ing or house-cleaning by day: wages $1 and
carfare. Call or address MRS. HURT. . 37U
Hill ft., rear. _^
TOUNG lady desires a position aa .bookkeeper
and typewriter; has had two years' experi-
ence. Address box 8431, Call office.
RICSPKCTA BLE, middle-aged woman wlahes
work by day; do washing or cleaning. 1126
Howard at. '
WANTED — Work by the day by two strong
women. Inquire for MRS. NEWMAN. ,719*^
Howard at. upstairs.
WE know that we give the best goods for th«»
least money; call on us and see our Decker.
Packard or Booth* pianos. MAUVAIS. 763
Market st. -
WE have Just what you want In the way of a
piano: prices and terms to suit. MAUVAIS.
769 Market st ....
BUY on« of our beautiful Olympla self-playing
music boxes on Installments If you can't spara
the caah. MAUVAIS. 763 Market st
A FINE Stelnway upright; must be sold Im-
mediately; also a fin* mahogany thre«-p*dal
upright piano. us«»d a few months. $150.
Room 12. Flood building.
THE place to buy a good second-hand piano-
s4s up. S. F. Music Co.. 225 Sutter at.
GOOD Fischer; treat bargain Rchmlts. 18 i - c-
Alllster st.. next Illbernla Bank.
$TS— VERY good upright piano; cost $330; for
sale on $3 Installments, in; Post st
FINK Fischer A Stelnway upright* sacrlflmM*L
KEEFFK-S. 101» Van Nes, ay"! nr .
FI ' NI E I*£E,u.,p«rt?M1 *£E, u ., p « rt ? M P' ano »»W 'or storage; $l<x>
eaah. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market at
A BAROAIN-Steinway. $125; *tor« open Sat.
evnlng. Iltlne Piano Mf*. Co.. 13« Ellia st
P B^^^TIVVI"ASo W £a-.
W G. BADGER. 41J Sacramanto st. agent for
Francla Baccn and Hallett & Davlst pianos.
G 9Q}l ?P rl « h t piano: nearly new; cheap.
HORNLUNG'S. m McAllister at.
B V, P^ I i IOR Tlolm9 - xlthers. old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham placav
KNABE pianos: new scale: new stylea. KOH-
LER & CHASE. $0 CFarrell at
WAITRESS for small restaurant; call early.
848H Third st. - - '
COOK; No. 1; Oakdale: no washing; $30 and
fare paid. 1003H Broadway, room 15, Oakland.
STENOGRAPHER, for office In Oakland; stato
salary. Box 3454. Call offlce. '•?' "'." '.
STENOGRAPHER at once; must be all O. K.
Box 3456, Call offlce.
FINISHERS on custom coats. 40 Ellis st.
¦ room 51.
WANTED— Apprentice girl for finishing. . 8. F.
Mnfg. Co.. 409 A Turk st
WANTED— Tailoress with experience on coats.
119 Russ St. ¦.- ¦- -
WANTED— First-class German cook; reference
required. Apply 2411 Jackson St., 1 to 3.
GIRL for general- housework In small family.
Call 1833 Ellis st. • -
TAILORESS wanted to work on custom pants.
4M O'Farrell at •
GIRL for general housework; good wages;
small family. 316 Fell st *
WANTED— A good cook. Scandinavian pre-
ferred; wares $25. . 425 Ellla at. ¦
FIRST-CLARS coatmakers; steady work. J.
BAUMQARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
BANJO nlayer wanted. SE. corner of Green-
wich and Lyon sts., "The Canteen."
WANTED at 608 Seventh at., lunch waiter,
from 11:45 to 1 p. m. "
SHOEMAKER on good repairing. 1705 Polk st
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos la
every grade, from Stelnway down to low-
priced makes, and a.i our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos. $6 cash. $6 per
month; other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway Dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A LIST OF MONEY SAVERS.
Samples from factory which ar» cat of oar
regular line; such makes as Weber. Hardman.
Ccnover. Behr. Everett and Klngsbury; prices
from $150 to $200 less than regular price. Also
8 slightly used pianos from $137 up; easy pay-
ments. See us this week if you want a soap.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 CFarrell St.
A LARGE number of pianos yet remain of tha
Hamilton- Bancroft stock: Stelnway concert
grands. Checkering. Hallett & Davis. Elling-
ton, etc.; squares, $25 up; uprights, $50 up:
banics. 60c up; guitars. $1 up; mandolins. $3
up Byron Mauzy Piano Warerooms, 30S-313
Post Bt, aole agent Sohmer and Byron Mauzy
pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houa-*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE* 3.
W. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible don* to pleaaa aad satisfy th»
customer.
BUSINESS CHAfcCCS.
A— $1800; CAKrEI on leading business etreet;
Westers Addition; rrnt $C*<; 3 horses, wagoitf
2 i)»w ovens; baiting 3Vi barrels per day; »ick-
ness cante of rale. S«e R. O. WILKE. SO6
Market st.
A— Vilt: PARTNER wanW In old established
and Crst-Cißss paying corner saloon; retiring
partner to i^ave tor Nome; a rpiendld offer.
Call R. G. WILKfc. 80? Market st.
A— XZSX; CORNER ealoon: established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
$42 £0; b»st location on Banaorae st. ; owner
cleer* eb<)v* $U0 j>»r month. R. G. WILKE,
A— s7oo; CORNF.R r-aloon. with 11 club and la-
Of' rooms; rent $40; place established for
years; rery l>#st location; first class: paying.
Ctll R. G. V. ILKn. 90S Market st
A— Jl2OO; CORNER rroe»-ry and bar on Hayes
> et; rent 125, including rooms; large stock of
liquors and groceries; a first-class, paying
¦juMnees. Inquire R. <i. WILKB. 906 Market
A— jrOOO; CORNER rrocery and bar. with 4
living rooms; rent $i 0; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Mission st. ; place doing a good
paying cash business: full value In eight
Call R. G. WILXE. SO6 Market st.
A— ssso; CIGAR ttore; clearing $4 dally: splen-
did location: Market and East sts.; rent $12.
Call R. O. WILKK. SOS Market rt.
LIST TOUR STORH
FALOON. CITY OR COUNTRY REAL
ESTATE OR BUSINESS OK ANY KIND
WITH ME ,
I CAN BELL IT FOR CASH
I WANT SO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT
H. C DECKER. ICM MARKET ST..
PHONE JOHN SI.
CO-ROOM HOTEL
AND BAR.
•0 BOARDERS
Bargain : price with DECKER. 1020 Market
WANTED— Good waiter to go In the country
Call at 422 Third Bt.
FIRST-CLASS finishers who can operate on
custom coats. $15*4 Sutter Bt
BOOT ANO SH>>»? B^nr.AIVS
BARGAINS in laAles' and children's shoes;
drummers' samples at mnnutaeturer'a cert.
J. KCHLI'ECKKR. 145 fourth et.
ESIPLOVMENT OFFICES.
A^Xp^NESE^CTTl^ESE~C^intractor and~Em-
ployment Offlce furnishes best laborers and
domestic Ben-ants. 4 Carlos place, off O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Clack 4334.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five yeara.
421 Post st ; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Offlca —
Beet help furnished; domestic servants. 417
Powell st; telephone Clay 86.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese, Chi-
nese. 420 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 414V4 O'Farrell st. : tel. East 426
WANTED— Competent woman to do plain cook-
Ing for a family of 3 In country: small wash-
Ing; wages $25: must have reference and
epeak German. 1532 Bush Bt.
BTENOORAPHER, experienced, lady's secre-
tary, wanted at once. Room 15, 1003V4 Broad-
way, Oakland.
enniTUALis.il.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The Wcrld'a Most Famous Medium
ar.d Clairvoyant
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to th« Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick E«p»-ciall»
H«r assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines.", reglst»r»d and copyrighted, cure
all disease*' on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, r. 1 1 ckln diseases, heart and
n«»rvou«i affections. Th" wonderful cures which
rhe has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands hay» b^»n made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always suc-
cessful and natlefactory, and all correcpondcncs
Is k*pt sacrrdly confidential.
Andr«*s or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Offlc*« removed to her residence, ltol Seventh
aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, eecond atatlon from
Broadway.
MME. LANGE. th» groat clairvoyant, tells past
ana futur«; cures diseases by sympathy;
never falls; hai th» seven «»als. the grentsst
F.syptlan Brcret of the world: shows picture
of future husband cr wife; glvi»s lucky num-
bers; a<3vlc« in all speculation. |aira and legal
' affairs; any one consulting the madam* will
be convinced that she Is no »hxm: »ps on
races; price* 2!ic and up; com* and you will
b* surprised; gives satisfaction to ".very one.
1167 MarkU at, bet. Seventh and Eljhth.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, Is located at 43
Plxth at. : spiritual labor readlnga dally from
9 a. m. to i p. m; clrfelea every evening.
MMIS. YOUNG'S convincing teat circle to-
night. CO5 McAllister: 10c;' com* skeptics.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: ill. daily; consult. !re«
meeting to-night; all invited. U8 4th. rm. 1.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual and healing medium;
readings and treatments dally. 14 Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, busincsi
medium, life reader; fitting. $1. 1104 Markat.
WANTED— Steady sober man for light work:
8 hours per day: will pay $16 per week to
right party; small capital required. Apply
1016 Market St.. room 10.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
ECHOOL r.OOKS bought end exchanp»<J
H^!m». TV^k C-n . TIM Ml««lf>n «t.. i«i- Third
WANTED
For Institution in Alameda County, woman
to act as cook's helper $30 per month, with
board, room and laundry,
ALSO
Woman for »ame place to clean vegetables
and help In kitchen, $25 per month. W. D.
EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st •
THOROUGHLY up-to-date young man aa man-
ager for a department; must be a hustler;
small capital required. Room 202, 927 Market
Bt.. Emma Spreckels building.
WANTED ".
Hostler for city stable, $25 per month and fd.
6 miners $52 per month
5 milkers, near city $25 and $30
Stableman for ranch near city, steady Job at
$25 per month and board; ranch teamsters
and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st
WANTED
WAITER for country hotel; $30. W. D. EWER
& CO.. ClO Clay st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN A CO: PHONE GRANT IS3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Sacramento, $25; waitress, Fresno,
$25, free fare; 2 waitresses, Fresno, $20, free
fare: waitress, Healdsburg, $20; waitress,
Lathrop, $20. railroad hotel; 3 chambermaids
to wait, resorts, $20; 2 chambermaids to watt,
city, $20; woman cook;, resort. $50; cook,
Santa Cruz mountains. $35; pastry and bread
baker, $40: 2 Institution cooks, city and coun-
try! $40; woman to work part day, $3 week
and board; pantry girl for restaurant work,
$25.
FAMILY ORDERS
I colored girls, $15 each; 6 German cooks. $25;
15 housegirls, city, $15 and $25: 10 girls, coun-
try, $20 and $25; others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary at.
HONEY TO LOAN.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
eecond mortgages, estates In probat». Interest
In estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle blclg.
ANT amount at < per cent; Ist. 2-1 and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st; tal. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 28 Montgomery.
MOST reliable plac« ¦to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HE3THAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BON ELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell et.
AT 126 Kearny st. room 9. respectable prlvat*
place to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take alevator. Tsl. Davis 993.
ON furniture and pianos without removal : quick
servica.; money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
68 and C). Donohoa building. 1170 Market st.
LOANS made on furnltura at I*4 per cent; also
loans to salaried people. HAR3HBARGER.
323 Ellis at. room 34. .
PRIVATE party, on furniture and pianos; J%;
no removal; no commission. C Eddy st. r. 81.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
other collateral. D. McRAE. 743 Mission st-
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchge., 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 356 Parrott build-
ing—Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
$S0 TO $SO.COO: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEM. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st
TO salaried men. without collateral or Indorser;
other propositions; private rooms. San Fran-
cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market at. Bella lodging
houses, businesses, city, country real estate.
WANTED— To rent boardlnjr-house: centrally
located; not less than 12 boarders; not leas
than 10 rooms. Box 3325. Call offlce.
8-ROOM houoe; nicely furnished; always filled;
rent $16; cntl.; reaa.; no acts. Box 3097. CaJL
CHANCE— II-room honse: 2' baths: t patent
closets; lot 20x68:2: rent $30. Apply bakery.
Broadway and Leavenworth.
HOUSES — LODGING To Let.
CENTRALLY located sunny corner: 75 rooms:
suitable for lodging or apartment house.
MADISON A BURKE. - ?
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO rent— For the summer; complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden, pure
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; 3
miles from St. Helena: H mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel. St. Helena, Cal.: also cottaga
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
AT 2S Morris aye., off Harrison, near Sixth-
Sunny 6-room house; laundry, yard, cellar;
water free; perfect repair: $13; Investigate.
A HOUSE: 6 rooms: In rear; rent very reason-
able. .Applys63Elllsßt •
HOUSE of 6 rooms and bath; large yard; rent
$14. 3215 Nineteenth at., near Folaom.
SUNNY 10-room house. 1522 Pacific aye., near
Franklin st SPECK ft CO.
TO LET— Two-story. Bunny house, 9 rooma and
bath. 1209 Jackaon at., near Jonea.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 21 Post st, S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeplns, shorthand,
tpylng. languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH GRADE SCHOOL; COMMERCIAL.
....WESTERN BUSINESS UNIVERSITY....
Arranged in departments; pay only for what
you get. Call or address 819 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING as It Is done; superior post-
graduate course; rapid calculations. TARR,
expert accountant. Flood building.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market St.
AYRES'. leading business college, 723 Market:
individual Instruction: bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, el*c. mining, mech. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch. : day. eve. : est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 533 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad. thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI. 1008 Mlsslon-.vlolln. guitar.
FRKNCn.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De Fllippe'i! Academy
of ]anf-naKP<t,S2O Po*t;e*tab'd 1871 ; ablest prufs.
EPPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing: Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms;
thorough Instruction. Studio, 405 Geary, r. 47.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furnltura, carpets.
piano. 1135 Market st. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) bay*
furniture, carpets.. * 757 Mission: tel. Red 335 J.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
FURNITURE Foil SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak' for $48 SO. with No.
7 lange. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FUIIMTURE WANTED.
A NURSE for an institution; $20 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 WOODCHOPPERS for flrst-claas mine. $1 25
to $2 day: 2 car men for mine. $2 day; 2 Bur-
lelgh drill miners. $3 day; 4 miners. $2 50
day; fruit farmer and wife. $40; machinist
for country. $2 50 day: machine men for sash
and door factory, $2 50 day; 8 milkers, $25 and
$30; farmers, laborers and others. J. F. CRO-
BETT Agency. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— KutIer for family., s4o to $50; broiler.
$55; second cook and baker, nice restaurant.
$13 week: baker for cakes, $12 week; second
hand baker, $60; third hand baker. $46; fry
cook, $S0: cooks, country, $40. $30; cook, city
hotel, $30. $25;- waiters. $35, $30. $25; dish-
washers, vegetable men and other hotel and
restaurant help wanted. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
FULL set of teeth, $5: gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. tOe; painless extraction, 60c; gas given.
New York Dental Parlora. 969 Mission. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. llth— No
charsre for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $3
per set; extracting 50c; gas given, ¦
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates, $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy gt.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnartz. 6 Turk; painless
ext. crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st.; crown-
bridge work: ext. painless; full set teeth $7
PARIS Dantal Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. ICOI Market st. corner Sixth. *
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
» tors: open evenings and Sundays. S5O Market.
DOG HOSPITALS. X^
DR. CREELEY*S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital,
510 Golden Gate aye. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 257.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treated; dogs boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School: sewing de-
partment open to all during March. 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. SS7 Geary st. ; dresses
made. $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit. '
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
iny. pinking. 121 Ppgt. over O'Connor&Moffatt.
WE guarantee full value for your money: we
have houses to suit you; many bargains;
money loaned buyers. SCHWEINHARD tt
CO.. 917 Market St.. opposite Mason.
$575— ELEGANTLY furnished house. 9 rooms,
bath, laundry; nice yard; permanent roomers;
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
$350— LODGING-HOUSE. 24 rooms; for 2 days
only, Thursday and Friday, on account of go-
Ing East. 640 Howard st
PARTY wishing to aell lodging-house see
BASILE, 8 Eddy at; new cash buyer dally.
FLAT of 6 rooms, furnished: all full; must be
sold; rent reasonable. 212H Sixth st; a bar-
gain.
NICE sunny modern flat. 5 rooms and bath.
971 Golden Gate aye.; rent $20.
MISCELLANEOUS "WANTS
TO buy a Weston portable volmeter and am-
meter and other measuring instruments. Ad-
dreas, stating prices. N. W.. 104 Hoffman aye.
WANT.ED — Second-hand surveyor's transit. Im-
mediately. E. G. FISCHER. 1250 Sanche* st.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for
caah. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market st
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 tO up; plates, extractions fr«e; $4 50 up; of-
flce hour?, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and flllfi teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fe* without success; rollectlona. G. W.
HOWE, atfy at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
PHILIPPINES— 3. MARION BROOKS, law- j
yer. Phelan bldg.: also Manila and Los An-
Celcs; telephone Brown 207. * '
W. A. S. NICHOLSON, attorney-at-law; tele-
phone Pavls 254. 410 Kearny at.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. i
W. DAVIDSOX. ?27 Market st. opp. Mason.
F. H. MKRZBACH. atterney-at-law. has re-
sumed practice at CO3 Cal. at., Clunie bldg. ;
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free: no fees In advance. -
D.ITU CABINET— HOT-AIR. VaPOB.
ROBINSON J5 4-panel folding: door opens firm
and cafe. W S. BROWN, gen. apt.. 426 Ellis.
BELGIAN MARES.
_ ¦:?¦
BELGIAN HARES.
Additional to the largest etock of Imported
ar.d thoroughbred Belgians In the State we
have a tail line of Belgian hare eurr'ies of
the latest |.iatterns in lots to suit
Grain self-!>e<?erB.
Water s»lf-feederß.
Hay racks.
Improved rabbit Jars.
Literature.
I'rintlr.g supplies. +ta.
San Francisco Belgian Hare Co.. offlce
fpreck^ls Mr.rket. rabbitry 1015 Shotwell et. ;
oi>en daily until S p. m.: call.
LORD ESSEX, imported, fee 115; Teddy Roose-
velt, winner first price L. A.. $15; Britain
Prince, own son of Lord Britain. $10: Dandy
Btjles. own eon cf Fir **>tyl»s. imp.. $10; Kll-
«!ar» Imp.. $5. High-class does, from $10 to
17") <*~r»-d): alsn grnend bucks for sale. F. E.
MASON. :710 Everett rt.. Alameda. Cal. Vis-
itors •nelrome. except Sundays.
FOTR rrand bucks, scored by Mrs. A. M. Bush
?1 to fC\; Lord Bnnbury and <7hamp!nn Yukon
Ftr>ck; score card ar.d pedlrre* with each.
Lone Mountain Babbitry. 1?6 Boyee st. ;
Gt-ary-st. car*.
TWO -pairs fine Belgians : two extra fine does,
very rM; I/ord Lytton, Lord Liverpool
rtnUnp; pedigreed; bargains if taken now.
2tl ! i Turk St.
TIIOROUGHERED Bel-*an har»« from all the
fTeatest winning strains. Champion Edlnb^ro
11. Lr.rd Britain and others. Tremont Bab-
bitry. H* s ?acrarr«>nto *t.; phene West 237.
VICTORIA HABBITRT— Heiided by Palace
Rnyal, ecorlr.f f prlr.ej; oth^r bucks at stud
and for se.!»; Jo»t nf all rraSe? and strains,
bred find untir»fl. 3277 s»v»nth ay.. E. Oakl'd.
SALr?rtOOM for the Lanrel Dell Rabbitry of
Falinas, CaJ.. at the Montrom»ry market. 731
Market St.; a»ents for th» Meadow Brook
1 .» ('.an Hare Con~.p«ny of I/O« Angeles.
TIIE Enrinal Rabbitry. Ha-!»tt & Bew. 1222
Grand 6t.. Alam^da. ; correspond, solicited.
CHOICE alfulfa for rteletan hares. JO GoMen
flat* «v.
CITY Pt»am Carpet-beatlr.g Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Sth st; teL South 230.
J. MpQU KEN'S California Cornet Cleaning Co.,
4"! St»v»n«on st. : tel. South 228; lowest ratea.
CARPnTP cl»an»d at Sc p»r yard; laid at 4e.
RTItATTONT'S. 3 Eighth at. : tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 4e2 Sutter st.
tel. Main 354. GKO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Cnrp»t-b*atlnjr Works. 333 Oolden
Gate aye. ; telephone East 126.
AM'ROLOUV.
"MAN. know thyself and thy destiny" ; noro-
BOOfM cast by eminent Eastern astrologer.
Pcnrt fcCc. with fiate of birth, to WILLIAM
SCHNEIDER. Fruitvale P. C, Cal.
PROP. A. MAPERY of Egypt, rreatest astrol- |
cirist an'l jalmist in the world: satisfaction j
ruarar.tced. 457 Gclden Gate aye. i
FOR sale — 20-horsepower horizontal slide valva-
engine. Inquire R-uss House.
SURVEYOR'S transit: cheap. Address box
2056, Call.
FXi'LL dress. Tuxedo, other suits. Portland Loan,
Office. 25 Stockton; phona Black 1201; postal.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. i;th.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. Misfit
Clothing parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE- outfit of 2d-hand sausaze ma-
chinery. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 195 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; Iron ar.d wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke, IX) Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
JAPANESE cook wants situation In family;
has had long experience. Address T. X.. box
8325. Call offlce.
YOUNG man would like to be Instructed in
home-made candymaking. Box 2411. Call.
GARDENER, middle-aged man. wants situa-
tion on private place; good references. E.
OARDENER, P. O. box 382. San Rafael, M»-
rln County, Cal.-
DRAUGHTING; by your.g man, some experi-
ence; familiar with mining machinery; pay
nominal. Address box 3500. Call offlce.
COACHMAN, English; steady. Industrious
man; well recommended; wants situation*
city or country. Box 3406. Call offlce.
BARBER wants Job; city or country; under-
stands his business. Box 3403, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED butter-maker wishes position;
creamery: city. Address box 3033, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore at
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription!! has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
PARTNER wanted in fruit and vegetable busi-
ness; small capital. Address 432 Cortland
avenue.
BAKERY; brick oven; living rooms; store
trade; rent $15; price $300. Apply 428 .Sixth.
A FINE downtown route on The Call: bus. sec-
tion. Apply forenoon & evng.. 1121 Filbert.
BAKERY, school supplies, candles, notions and
clgan-: rood fixtures; fine trade; living rooms.
Bo* 3407. Call offlce.
AO7CNTP— lndustrial Insurance; rooms 17. IS
and 3?. Donohoe t>c:!dlng- Call from S-9 a.
m and 5-C p. m. L. J. EKSTROM. Asst. 3upt.
N<"' sßn^.les: no wcrk: only talk and good pay.
Add ¦¦»>•.< bex ten. Call cScf.
A GOOD rrop n sltlon for ladies or gentlemen. I
1149 Market st. |
"WANTED— Agent* everywhere to sell our stock. !
Rallwayn ens Oil rv>.. 297 Parrott bldg., E. F. I
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental porloas. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pafn by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaeßthetlcs applied
to the gums: the best and most artlatlc dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 f.O up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full set of teeth on a gold plate, $25: teeth
•without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and Etronrer than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth Bt.
AGFNTS WANTED.
AGENTS can make $10 per day celling our
novelty machines; write; on appMcatlon will
send cut and terms. Thos. R. Foote Co., Lob
AGHN'TS for en all-round useful utensil; best
ever invented: $15 to $21 per day: profitable,
perrrar.er.t business. TaJl or write HERRICK.
J417 Brush st.. Oakland.
$SOO— CORNER grocery; no bar; new, clean
stock. Inquire 1126 Larkln. cor. Bush; no agts.
$3iO— CAUSE of departure: sell half-Interest In
well-established, paying business: full Inves-
tigation and trial given. Box 8421. Call offlce.
RELIABLE man with $1000 or more to travel
or manage home office; splendid opportunity.
F. LAVTN. Santa Crur..
EDISON concert phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI,
933 Market at., San Francisco.
A-43 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny Bt.. nr. Pine.
TENT for sale; 10x12; good as new. Call at
719H Howard St.. ujpstalrs.
GASOLINE launch. 32 ft. long. 6U ft. beam. 5
H. P. engine, in good order, with cabin. $373.
G. W. WOODS. S. F. G. P. O. '
$SoO— PARTNER In the country In a nice cigar,
tobacco and notion store; billiard parlor and
barber shop, etc.; expenses paid while here
Investigating. For particulars write lock
box 144. GeyEerville. Sonoma County. Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant with 6 fur-
nished roonrs, all rented: near car houses and
transfers; rent $35; going to Cape Nome.
COTTAGES TO LET,
SUNNY cottages. 4 and 5 rooms, basement
yard: stable If required. IST6 Fifteenth st.
$M TO $15,00<V— Parties to invest amounts from
$60 to $15,000 for increasing manufacturing
business ; staple article; always in demand;
no competition; paya over 25 per cent per
annum: money secured. Address box 341J,
Call cSice.
EXPERIENCED man cook , wants situation In
hotel, boarding-hae., sum. reaort. 615 Ash aye.
MAN wishes position as Janitor or coachman
for a Protestant private place: also handy
around the house and garden; good hand with
horses and very handy with tools; has good
reference; Is steady, honest. Industrious and
willing. WILLIAM WILLIAMS, 704 ft Mla-
Blon at
COLLECTION OFFICES..
GTORgIe^W?7cELLY'S AgeneyTno charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 927 Market st.
GENTLEMAN'S amethyst, solid gold ring, for
$4 at UNCLE HARP.IS. 13 Grant aye.
13 HP. double cylinder marine engine: gaso-
line; almost new. WHITE. 364 14th. OaklanJ.
FOR aale— A furniture and piano moving busi-
ness, ail complete; wagon and team and
everything pertaining to the business. Call
at 9 Eighth st, between 10 a. m. and 5 p. n>.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear St.
PROTESTANT woman for general housework.
Apply before 11 o'clock at 679 Harrison st
GIRL to learn pantsmaklng; good sewer; paid
while learning. 273 Minna st.
WANTED— Finisher and apprentice on vests.
B*4 Antonio, off Jones, bet Ellis and O'Far-
rell.
APPRENTICES for tailoring: paid whll»
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS 'CO.. 541
Market at >
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdresslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
COACHMAN— Understands his business thor-
oughly; Is capable of taking charge and care
of gentleman's residence: Al references. Ad-
dress C. S., 1022 Jackson at.
YOUNG man. thoroughly familiar with mer-
chandise business. Is anxious to obtain man-
agement of general store. Box 3432, Call.
AS valet (European experience) and' Invalid's
traveling attendant; speaks French, German
and English. Box 3441, Call office.
FOR sale— One second-hand metal turning
lathe, planer and drill attached; also one
second-hand No. 2 Hooker steam pump,
Emery gear; also pipe flttings: one automo-
bile, nearly completed; ons second-hand 227-tt>
Peter Wright anvil; or.c 7 horse power gaj
engine. 8-U Howard at
APPRENTICE to learn custom vestmaklng.
YOUNG German girl to assist In general house-
work; wages $18. Apply 447 Ninth et
WANTED— German woman for general house-
work. 2176 Fifteenth at
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodjre No. L F. and A. «
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) -/V»
EVENING, April 12. at 7:30 o'clock. "KZC
Second Degree. By order of the
master. FRANKLIN H. DAY, See.
IK>RIC Lodge No. 116, F. and A. M.— *
•rpecial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _#V_
EVENING, Jit 7:20 o'clock. FIrM D»- jLj\
irree. Masons are Invited. By order of /V >
the W. M. J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. jj^BC^
112, I O O. F.— Amendraenta to : s^r33fe
by-laws will b* discussed TO- •^£s*^c ? '
NIGHT. T. G. OBRAM. N. Q. 'Wl*^
THE San Francisco Scottish Thistle . <">
Club nvet* THIS (THURSDAY) AaCH
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32 -»»XO:
OTarrell rt.. at ! o'clock. Discus- **«S^*
t>ion inaugurated at last meeting will be con-
tlnuM. JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATKRSON. Recorder.
ENGROSSING
Resolutions and diplomas a epeclalty. J. W.
Griffith. Heald'a Business College. 24 Poat at
•EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
ENGINEER and machinist. 84 years of age,
with long and practical experience with all
kinds of engines and machinery, olbo dyna-
mos and motors; first-class references. Pleaao
address box 343 C. Call. , ¦
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS. engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. IJ3-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, ahowcaaes. coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, atore and of-
fice furniture and C*turea; new and aecond
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-101J-1021-1023 Mission
at. above Sixth.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men, of good character, between the
ages of 21 and 35 years; not less than & feet
4 inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be cltlrens of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens*, able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal., or
630 X st. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; Epscial Inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trad*:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay at. -" i -^ r ''' ? *¦*.-":--•=• -..-*-'*. t
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore,
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tlsementa and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st; open until 9 p. ra.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Bubacriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
BL'SINESS CHANCE!.— Continued.
QUICK sales Is our motto.
Should you want to buy, aell or exchange any
property or business, we are able to please
you In every respect. BROCKLEHURST b
MEGLADDERY. 769 Market at
FOR salt— An established manufacturing busl-
ne««a for the reproduction or restoration of
hair: rights and patents all clear; doing an
Al business and receiving orders from every
direction. BROCKL'EHURST & MEGLAD-
DERY, 789 Market st.
$2CCO— FINE Jlvery and feed stable; everything
complete; clears $JOO per month; Blckness
cause of sal*. JONES fc CO.. HL Market at.
A— S2W>— PARTNER: moving and storage busi-
ness; $150 monthly. KREDO&CO., 22H Geary.
I WANT to go to Cape Nome and need $200;
glltedge security given with reliable refer-
ences; willing to pay good Interest. Address
WM. W. WEBER, Hughes House. Third st.
SHOEMAKER'S outfit for pale cheap; tools.
- machine, lasts, »tc. Box 3487. Call office.
$8000— PARTNER wanted In lumber manufac-
turlng burinesa; no agents. Box 3439. Call.
FOR sale — Prosperous chicken ranch. Inquire-
of Dr. MASON. Upper Fruitvale.
CLAIRVOYANTS
MRS. DR. CLARK
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced the reveals every hidden mys-
Btery; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost affections; unite the separated; recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while In a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st. near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MADAM SYLVESTER, the celebrated aclentlflc
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee, ladlea.
60c; rents, $1; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. 313 Eddy at.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader: German spoken. 921V4 Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. ZEREDA of 6 Seventh st. original gypsy
life reader; last week; readlnga 35c
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 15c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader;
Bluings dally. 212H B^xth st.
MMH. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st
MMF. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band'a picture, ?sc: ladles. 914 O'^arrell it
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st
WANTED— Good ahoemaker on repairing. 703
Van Ness aye., near Turk st.
GOOD barber wanted; no atudent 623 Clay
street
MEDICAL.
DBS. GOODWIN, the wall-known- ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe, with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5; safe and reliable cure in one
day; 15 years' successful practice In S. F. ;
maternity home: low fees. 1007*£ Market at
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for yeara; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 10234 Market st.
DR. NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento st. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and aliments
cured exclusively by Chinese herb* and teas;
advice free; cKice hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m.,
2 to 6 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. Dr! KOHL- ladles' specialist- Ouar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st. b-t.
Mason and Taylor; hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS*. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; homo
- In confinement; guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5; any ailment; consultation free. 941
Poat »t. between Hyde and Larkfa.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market, ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $5; saf*
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to %.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. HIS Market
at ; every case guaranteed ; ¦$5 up. -
DR and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladlea'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
I tlflc methods; cure guaranteed: treatment $->.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. tha eminent
female specialist ; home or office treatment $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private home
In confinement 1312 Golden Gate are. ,
YOUNG man to wash dishes and acalst cook-
Ing; $5 a week. 233 Sixth at, reataMrant
COATMAKERS for the country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED FE3IALI2
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant widow desires a
position as housekeeper In a widower's fam-
ily where she can have her boy of 8 years
with her; will take entire charge; flrst-class
references: city or country; none but those
moaning strictly business need answer this.
Address MRS. D. A., 418 Jones St., city.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation to
do any klnJ of work; is a flrst-class laundress
and good housekeeper; American; will work
by day at $1 and carfare. 153V4 Third st,
room b, upstairs.
2 BARBERS for country; $14 guarantee: pood
for ?1S; apply Immediately. H. BERNARD.
TOUNG lady to learn retouching; good pay
when competent; Instruction 6 weeks, $10.
Address box 3430. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter that Is com-
petent and able to fill good position; small
capital. Room 202. 927 Market at.
EXPERIENCED forelady In aklrt and ahlrt
waist factory: good, permanent position. Ad-
dress box 3154, Call office.
WANTED —An experienced lunch counter
waiter with references. Address "Reception,"
Wadsworth, Nev.
WANTED— A good waiter who understands his
business: none other need answer. Address
A. 8.. box 3440. Call office.
A BRIGHT boy, 15 to 18 years of age. for gen-
eral office work In wholesale house-: gram-
mar school education and good handwriting
required. Box 3429, Call.
WANTED— Mother and daughter, $20; parlor
maid and waitress, $25; nurscglrl, $20; 7 iron-
ers, $9 a week. $25, $30. city and country,
laundry: 4 second girls, $20, $23; 10 restaurant
waitresses, $6, $7; 12 hotel waitresses. $20:
waitress, country hotel. $20, fare paid; 5
cookß. plain wash. $25, $30; kitchen maid, $25;
3 hotel cooks, $30; a large number of house-
girls, $20. $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Sutter et. *
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third aye., corner Clement;
take Putro car.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/5....104 GEARY ST.
100 men for railroad work, teamsters, labor-
ers and rockmen, $1 75 and $2 a day, free fare.
100 \roodchoppers. tiemakers and laborers
for the wood*; 20 miners. $2 50 a day; 10 farm-
ers near city, $20 and $25; 6 milkers, $25.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Shampooer for Turkish baths, north, $10 a
week: cook and wife for Institution, country.
$50: cook for Institution, $50; third cook, $40,
second cook, country hotel, $40; third hand
on cakes. $35: second cook for Hawaiian
Island $60: 10 dishwashers and kitchen hands.
$20. $25 and $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary at.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN &HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
2526 CALIFORNIA— Sunny flat; 4 rooms and
bath; rent $18; also 6-room cottage; rent $13.
Apply 2024 California Bt.
GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Thlrd-st. corner, near Market; 30 sunny
rooms: brick building; fine location. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
A— BUTLER, near city, see party here; chef
cook for large company, also cook'a helper,
same place ••
Second hand baker $10 week
10 waiters, city and country. $25 and $30; 13
cooks $30 to $50: first and second cook, min-
ing hotel, $40 and $25. fare paid; short-order
cooks, $7 week and $40 and found: barber,
country shop, and others. MURRAY &
READY, 634-638 Clay St.
FLATS TO LET.
A— BRAND new flats; 4 to 10 rooms; $18 up.
BPECK & CO., 667 Market at.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and cold. W. C. BEXTHAM, 1833 Market st.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 143 Sixth at.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre. and burg-
lar-proof safe. 216 California st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 flre and burg-
lar-proof safe; cheap. 43 Main at
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air compreasor; 5 locomotives. 220» Fremont
PHOTO gallery for sale; will pay for Itself In
four months. Call at Pacific Photo Journal,
516 Market tl.
FOR aale— $250; best small restaurant In city;
clears ISS month. Inquire 639 Howard; French
laundry.
STATIONERY, notion and cigar store: fine lo-
cation j near 3 larpre schools. 300 Haves Bt
FOR tale— Branch bakery, notion and candy
store. 213VJ Fourteenth st.. San Francisco.
4-CHAIR barber shop for pale cheap; party
going North. 2055 Sixteenth Bt.
BAKERY etore. 1105 Howard st.; 4 rooms, with
large oven and tools to-let low.
$Sso— For sale; groceries and bar and lodging-
house. 123 Perry st.
FOR sale cheap — Complete brickmaklng plant;
raso'tn* engine; Quaker machine; capacity
15.000: located on Donahue read: convenient
for shirplng. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO., Hilton, Sonoma County, Cal.
BARGAIN — Hay. grain, wood and coal busi-
ness; established 20 years; must sell; will ex-
change for city property: assume mortgage or
pay difference In cash. Box 3070. Call.
$l* ; 00 — FOR rale; one of the best located res-
taurants In city: owner has two places; a
fortun- to the right party. Address box 3017,
Call office.
$SOO0 — FOR sale, a fine corner drug store; owner
has two places; place Is making big money.
Address box 3515. Cal! office.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; In the country.
Box 2746. Call office. Oakland.
$5(K>-BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store
for sale Box 2035. Call office.
FinST-CLAPS bakery to let. 712 Valencia st.
COFFKE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 41S Sacramento at
A BRANCH office for the reception of edvef*
tlMmfrts and subscriptions has bean opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until S p. m.
A BRANCH offlc* fer Call advertisements and
subscription* Mb bt»r. established at 1036 Va-
lencia at
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW hak»ry and laundry: 3-can milk wagon;
2-seatt-d spring wafcon; 1 heavy and 2 light
delivery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
LIGHT express. $S5: bu*ln#«s waron. $2S; road
bugry. K'-. road cart. $12 SO. 19 City Hall ay.
NEW & td-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, wcrk &. driving horses, llth & Valencia.
SELLING cut. half cost. ISO sets harness, 200
wagon*. 1140 Fol>om »t. near Klchth.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME rocker; chearwt. lightest and
b»st; no natls: no screws: won't break. 1911*4
Mission st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disrupted with poor work
«md to SPATLDING'S Plonker Carpet-beat-
ing Works. ST>3-Zs>7 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
$3!KV— SALOON and cafe, with piano, for sale;
ovrwr soins away; rent $30; old established.
Box J427. Call office.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and sold;
National and Hallwood. 1303 Mission, nr. 9th.
MAN and wife want situations; man willing
to do any kind of work; woman aa chamber-
maid or housekeeper. Box 34R Call office.
DRY goods and general— Wanted, a position In
good country town or river town. Box 3424,
Call. '
MAN wlshea position as teamster, porter or
watchmaft, or any kind of work. Addreas
A. E.. 1235 Market St.. room 6.
APPRENTICES on pants; paid while learning.
110 William st.. off Geary, near Taylor.
TWO flrst-class finishers on custom-made coats;
good wages. J. C. COHN & CO.. 775 Market.
FEW young ladles to Join night school: low
rates. ' Ayres' Business College, 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at. Open till 0 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements: and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
DENTISTS.
A BARGAIN— Soda water machine; two foun-
tains and generator; never been used, 117
Hyde st
WANTED— A flrst-class hairdresser at COS-
GROVE'S. 1416 Polk st.
SALOON doing good business; good location
owner leaving town: price $250: call Immedi-
ately. BROCKLEHURST & MEGLADDERY,
769 Market »'..
WANTED— German or Scandinavian girl; gen-
eral housekeeping and plain cooking; family
'% adulta. 2 children; references. Apply 1501
Larkln at. 1 to 4 p. m.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. |
BRANCH OFFICES— £S7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until S:2O p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. ra.
CS Me Ai: later rtreet; open until 9: JO p. o.
Cl 5 Larkln street; open until 9:SO p. m.
1341 Mission strert; open until 10 p. m.
tS€l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. nv.
:06 Eleventh street: open until • p. m.
1096 Valencia street: open until I p. m.
12:3 Polk street: open until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-aecond and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUUIISDAY, APRIL 12, 1900.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
WANTED— Situation by a middle-aged woman
to do general housework; is a good cook; city
or country. 10 Stockton place, between Post
and fiutter sts.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmlat; all you
seek to know answered without questions;
satisfaction; r»*dlng« 600.. I*6 O'Farrell st.
MM 13. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated FpanUh
fortune teller; elves best advice In difficult
mattera. 19 Fulton *t. near Laririn.
MRS. DR. WEST. businesß. test medium; re-
turnee; magnetic treatmenta. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
MRS. SHELDON reada life fluently: business
advice. £50 Market at., eecond floor, room 87.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts; beginners taught LBVI
STRAUSS & CO.. SSH Fremont Bt; elevator.
MEDICATED BATHS.
$500 FORFEITED to aafferers from rheuma-
tism, eczema, dropsy or any blood or akin
disease which Anidrosis medicated baths will
not cure; call or send for booklet DR.
CONANT. 47 Post st.
WANTED
Girl for housework: no cooking expected: for
private, family; $15 per month. Apply 1215
Bush st
WA-NTED— Tailor; also pressman on coats.
135 Natoma st, near New Montgomery.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
BOY to run errands and help In bakery. 1410
Polk st. -' ?£¦
BEST located barber shop In city; your own
price. W. J. P.. 22 Langton st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; Jsc
to 50a 6«2 Mission st. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
FARMER and wife (with family) desire em-
ployment on ranch; 15 years Missouri, Texas,
Iowa: 3 years California; reference: perma-
nent employment on coast desired. Box 3423,
Call.
A MIDDLE-AGED carpenter of experience, can
repair furniture, varnish and paint wishes a
position In the country: small wages expect-
ed. Address box 3320, Call office.
BOY 14 to 16; make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women to learn barber, hairdresslnp
and manicuring trade: catalogue mailed, fa.
F. BARBER SCHOOL. 741 A Howard at
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS-GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third at, near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
527 Sixth et. : auction aales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. .
WANTED— To buy' 6 good saddle horses at
once. Bring horses to Riding Academy. 615
Ellis at.
A FRESH carload bt horses, all eoHd colors.
Just from the Canty ranch. ISS Valencia at:
also a carload of broodmares, with foal.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market st, bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Gentleman's road horse and blka
buggy. DALZJEL, Vet. Dentist. 605 G. Q. aye.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltrer*s
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sta.
HORSE and spring wagon for Bale; cheap. tOt
Twelfth st. •
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GTOR'G^" L M^YlEßLi^Germ^n'«rp«^p^ran^
1071H Market st. : examinations free; German
eyewater by mail. 60c. Phone. Mint 257.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAtTreaDT. !73>HONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
4 carpenters, city work $3 60 day
10 miners, single-hand work $60
Machine miners and tlmbermen..coal miners
4 laborera. San Mateo C 0... .537 50 and found
Stableman, country J 3O and found
Old man to do chores, stable $15 and found
15 pick and shovel men, no experience neces-
sary .., $34 and round
10 coal buckers $87 50
12 laborers, fare 25c '. $45 50
26 laborers, city work.. s3o and found, $1 75 day
Men or strong boys to pull rhubarb $17 60
Men or strong boys for hop fields $30
Stableman, vineyard and winery company, $25
and found; nursery gardener, private family
gardeners; 32 farmers, orchard and vineyard
hands, $20 and $25; 60 milkers for all parts of
California $25 and $30 and found
Buttermakers, choremen or b0y5... 515 to $25
66 laborers for the sawmills, woods. $26. found
Woodchoppers and -tiemakera. can make good
wages
Turner and band sawyer, country Job
10 blacksmtths and helpers, country..s3o to $50
Band sawyer, $4 day; carriage trimmer. $3
day; blacksmith, country shop, ace boss here;
blacksmith, city shop; also helper
Teamsters, also scraper teamsters, $25, $30
and found: 150 woodchoppers for large gold
mining and land and lumber company, $1 23
to $2 cord, tools, etc., advanced; also wood-
choppers and tiemakers: other places.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 gay Bt.
A— YOUNG man with some experience In print-
Ing office for country paper; $10 week. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
18-ROOM house near the Call office; fine paying
house: clears $100 per month; price $550.
DECKER. 1020 Market at
26- ROOM house on Market at; clears $100;
price $700. DECKER; 1020 Market at.
X— 44-ROOM corner; electric elevator J3SOO
80 rooms; restaurant and bar; In Stockton 750
30- room corner; 2 entrances; half cash.... 2200
8-room flat: new; elegant 650
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call office.... 550
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash.. 400
25 rooms; on Market St.; worth $1200 800
10 rooma; on Mason st.: payments 450
80 rooms; on Kearny st; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market St.; payments 1300
TELEPHONE JOHN 51.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at. opp. Fifth.
....R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market 5t....
18 rooms; rent $50; part cash; central $900
23 rooms; near Market st; payments 750
26 rooms; rent $50; must sell; see it., 600
65 rooms: $800 cash, balance time 1750
WANTED
Furnace man for quicksilver mine; married
nrnn preferred: $65 per month and house rent
free; see party at our office. W. D. EWER &
CO.. 610 Clay at.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
rr.IVATE home for children. I day to 15 yeara,
l>y week or month; large *unny yard; select
neighborhood: mother'a care; kindergarten;
terms low. 1804 Post. bet. Geary and Sutter.
ONE or 2 children to board: nice sunny yard;
good hozr.e; references. El 3 Mission st.
GOOD beard for one or two children; nice
home. 1020 A Cap Pet.
$B— HOUSE to let In rear of 225 Ninth at
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR sale— Ontrally and desirably located, an
8-room house, elegantly furnished. Including
piano; the furniture Is nearly new and v*ry
fine. Address box 3021. Call office.
WANTED — A man to clean saloon. 1335 Mar-
ket, corner Tenth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— On April 3. between Kearny st. and
Mill Vallay, pocketbook containing money
and card of undersigned. Liberal reward for
return to MRS. J. FRED 6CHLINGMAN.
762 Mission Bt. - |
$25 REWARD and no questions asked for the
return of the Belgian hares that were stolen
from C. E. PERRY. 1741 Market at.
LOST— Bag containing opera glasses and
holder: Initial "B" on glass. Please return
to 7 Montgomery st. ; liberal reward. ?
LOST— On Monday, a diamond earring. Re-
turn to 2320 Union et. and receive reward.
$10 REWARD— Large Maltese cat Return to
705*4 Valencia at.
CAME to my premises, young fawn-colored
greyhound. Owner can have same by paying
expenses. 158 Hickory aye.
OOD barber wanted for . Saturday.
Howard st.
872%
10HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A Gallagher),
FUNKKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAL>M£LRaC'
Ml Filth st.,- opposite Lincoln' School. -
Telephone EoutU t«.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING^
CALIFORNIA, 2C2J— 2 or 8 eunny furnished
rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
-exences exchaneed: Drivate family.
CHURCH, 2S3— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing ch<»ap; corner building.
EDDY, 917— Very pleasant end connecting house-
keeping- rooms; splendid location; priv. res.
ELLIS, 3127— Nice furnished front room and
kitchen: bath and yard; private family.
FIRST. ?S— 3 front eunny furnished rooms,
Fulteble for light housekeeping; rent, Jl* per
Anderson Sentenced.
STOCKTON., ApriI 11.— John Anderson,
convicted off complicity i In ; an assault to
rob John O'Melia recently; was; sentenced
to : seven • years at Folsom ; this morning.
The Jury- in * the case of > Lawlor, a com
panion, ~ disagreed , and . Casey,' the >third
of the, trio, pleaded guilty and was given
five years. -^aMIHKksBS
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KKAB3TrKT. £abJ>Uahad
in 1 S3 ? for the treatment of Prlvat*
Diseases, Lost Man hood. Debility or
dijoase rearing: on bodyandmindand
.->!dn VitMLß^a. I'hedoctorcureswhe-n
others falL Try him. Ch«ry«# low.
(Inrc»i«»ranl««d.( 1 nrc»i«»ranl««d. Callorwrttt*.
Or. J. *'. «>IB3IO>. Sox I937.£aaFraoclKa
WeeHy Gall, $1.00 BerYear
-f The Call's Easter number 4n . +
+ especially selected'; colors will +
be out on Easter Sunday .April >
> '15— and it will be a gem! i
'?^'-¦ x ''- '¦'¦"¦ " ' •- ¦ -" ,-.¦.¦¦?¦
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN. 711 Market, nr. Call bldg.,
wants city property in exchange for farms.
ALTA POICTA Tract. San Pablo aye.. 8 miles
nrrth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad —
Valley land by the acre. 1130 to $200. Call for
snaps, etc.. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. et.
J. W. HOP.N. 113 Main et.. Petalurr.a: real es-
tate and ihortughbred Belrian hares. Send
Jcr free lln of Scnoina County bargains.
FATIMS BT\d city realty to sell or exchange.
M. GRIFFIN. HJ Market, near Call bldg.
STOUAGE AXD WAREHOUSES:
PJERCE-HODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Of2ce. 4CI Post St.. cor. Powell; teU Mala 57U.
Leave Arrtv»
Ban Francisco. In "*"•* 1 ; thux FVanolsoow
. I — October U. ¦
Week Bun- 1S». San- We«k
Daya. daya. PwtlßAHon. «*y«. Daya.
T:B9 am 8:00 am Nov.it-s U^:49ain 1:40 an
1:80 pm »:80 am P«taiuma. j «:&4,pm W:25 ana
f :Ift pm 5:00 pm Sir.li Rc*t. j J;Jipm 1:12 pta
Fuium. • . < 1 ¦•' ' ,
fM am Windsor, , 19:» aac
Eeaidsburs, \ "
Lytton.
. Qyyservtlle,
8:!0 pta B:6* am Cloverdal*. T:S3 ptn 1:3 jm
idOam! IHopland and! ! I \
I 8:00 axa| Uklah. | 7:35 pm| ia»a
T:so am \V>:2&*m
8:00 am Guerntvllle. T:33 pm
8:80 pm I 8:33 pta,
»:S0 am 8:00 am Sonoma »:13 ami 8:40 us
and I
8:19 pm (.-CO pm Olen Ellen. 1:03 pm| 5:22 ?m
T:3O ami 8:00 ami SebastopoL 110:40 am HO: 23 art.
1:39 pmj fi:o9 pm| ( 7:33 pmj 6:22 ps.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for-Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysera; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Sprinars-
Kelaeyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay. Lake--
port and Bartlett Bprfhgs; at Uklah for Vichy'
Bprings, Saratoga Springs. Bine Lakes. Lattrei
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno*
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Uerl»y*s,
Bucknell's, Sannedrin Heights. Hullvtlle, Orr'a
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Braxr.
Westport. Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonvllln. Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ot sea's. Dyer.
Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip Uckcta at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday rcur.d-trto tickets to all yobsta
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices (SO Market at. Chronicle bids.
B. C. WHITTN&, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Ccn. Pass. Agent.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUI'I'LIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plles. Standard Agency.l4s €th; phone Mint 4i.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
l-afrlr.K «t lowest rates. 205 Fourth St.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. $1 up
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage raid.
SI'KCIAL. KOTICES.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other;
rend 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," tn letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phllad»l.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
VAN NEFS aye.. 544 (The Wallace!— Rooms
•nd beard: furnlFbed and unfurnished: $2» up.
ir.ore. Cn^ lot, <n;tb room for sunny house
With garden *nd stable: 4Ct*127:6; nei^.bor-
hocd Sm-rato; «are both way»: handy Ad-
I^T.te C^g. CAPP & CO.. 638 Market at.
MISSION ft., betwe*Ti Seventeenth and Elrht-
«?nth; 2-ftory Lay-window houne, 7 rooms
er.d bath; already bu^lncßß r>roi>«>rty thould
be raised and store built tw!r>w it; good re>»i-
<!*nre for a doctor, demist, musician or dress-
maker; will be cold at a bargain. Apply to
C. fi. CAPP 4 CO.. H*al Estate Agents, €30
Varfc-t et.
SACRIFICE— New *-room, S-story hcua;; lot
£6:&xJi*. with chicken-houM, etc.; suitable
for flats; must be sold; make an offer- $2<JOO
<r less. SHADBURNE. fIS Sacramento St.
HAVE you real eetate in tb« Minsicn cr Hor-
r'l'v Addition that ycu wish to dispose of
iher. cell en W. J. GUNN. EJ9 California st
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences : rates reasonable.
FRANKLIN, tC3, corner Fulton— Sunny front
room; good board; bath; gas; private family.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT. €16 Taylor— Renovated;
suites and single rms.; sunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath: sin. rms.: board optional.
ROOMS AXD HOARD.
A— FIRST-CLASS family hotel. The Bradbury:
nice eunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table: prices moderate; 2 car lines pass hotel;
elevator: telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
et., ctrner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
V/ANTED-To purchase 4 Richmond lots, eas-
SgTwelfth aye. W. J. Gt.NN. K0 California
t^h} .! <¦*' l ? • 0):e the ¦'•count: will Bell at
«? 11-r !u * : .* fe* " x ™- ln Richmond.
«t J. . *aoh; well iry-afd: the buyer more
Tl-x-ri doubles hie money in the purrha-e- Cal-
l.ornia. Title In.<ruranr>» nnd Trust <"o will
l»*ue p^iicy. .W. J. Qtr.vx. -^ Ca i ifornia ft '
Kr.rAT-TlFri, Rrcadway lotc. north sid*. bet
i " >n ? rr *»* PJw sts.. Pacific Heights; nee
«6 Mirfcet^ mM - TIIE MCCARTHY CO..
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk et. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at Wit
POL GETZ A BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$550 to 8800— Bucket lots; beat of all- rrm»»rf
eewered: easy Installments. araaeo.
S4SS to $1900— Choicest Richmond lots- SO
tsonthly. ' *
$100 to $250— Level lots; near M!ssion-stn>*t
cars; $5 monthly.
FXTRA-SPECIAL BARGAINS.
J35OC— 2-story building. lot 39:6x75; Branaan
«... bet. Third and Fourth. n
f£M. JSOO anij $1000—4 and 5 room cottages In
eplenCid locations; ea*r payments. ¦
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
FOL OETZ & P.ROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, rcneking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. SSc to $1 60: week. $2
to JS; month. SS to J2O; elevator on offlce floor:
rocms with bot and cold water: baths.
U1;a1. SSTATI&— - Cl'i * KUU SALE.
A. M. SPECK A CO 667 MARKET ST.
OPPOSITE KEARNY ST,
$2Cf,005 — Downtcwn corner; modern S-story brick
Pbuildirg; coft over $200,000; lot 140x125
ft.; rents tiB.GOO yearly.
¦Few blocks from Chronicle; pays 6 per
cent net; lot £Ixl2o ft.; 2 frontages;
brick improvements. -
¦Corner; half block from Market et
vicinity Hibernla Bank: 73 ft. front;
rare investment: rents S3OO.
;-¦:.::¦; — Near Market and Ist eta. ; lot SBxS4 ft -
4-story brick building; back mortgace
JSE.OOO.
84O.O0O— Near Keamy et. : good brick improve-
ments; rents $2500 annually; £5 ft front
$3,ooo— Lot CS:Sr32O ft.; vicinity McAllister and
Larkln tie : rents $210.
$24,000— Sixth rt.; 75 ft. frontage; bay-window
building; rents $200.
Sl2.Too— Rents $130; marine view; 3 new flats
$12.£C&— Nlrth St.; SS ft. front; 2 stores aid
flats; rents $:020 yearly.
$13,000— NE. cor. Fell and Masonic aye • lot 2ix
ICO ft.; elegant residence, 10 rocms
bath; all modern conveniences; ecace
for a stable: make offer.
Xi.rm-€ new fiats; rents $S4; let 60x100 ft.
87.000—6 Sail near €th and Mission; rents $3SO
85. £00— Powel! st- ; 2 fiats: rents tZt
13.000— Scuth Park; house and lot 21x107 S ft.
A. M. SPECK & CO 667 MARKET St!
GEARY. £sS— Elegant sunny back parlor suites
other rocms; privilege light hskpg.; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets. — Sunny rooms, en EUite or
single: ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
IO7S. FIFTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse. $4CO
Time — S-16, :IS%: 7-l«, :13«4: &W. I:C9H. Good itart. Won first three driving. Winner, Crane
A Owens' b. g.. by Captain Al-Lady Intruder. Amasa a lightning fast beginner. Morlnga
might have scored. If away better. Royal Prize ran a swell race; he is slow to get la
motion. Afghan no speed. Scratched— De Blaise 114. Uterp 109, Mafada 114. St. Cuthbert
119.
CALIFORNIA, 705 (St. Peter's House)— New
bouee, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
AS eleg-ar.t cult for $10 75 from Imported or do-
rr.ettlc remnants. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market tt.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnra. and Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth— Rooms
25c to SI per night; SI 25 to $5 per week, and
light hcubekeeping; open all night.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and rlrver bought;
send postal. COLEMAN'S, tOS Kearny it.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore.
POLK. £22— Fumirhed and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; very sunny and cheap.
POST. 862—2 tunr.y furnished suites for house-
keeping. SCO and $15; 3 unfurnished in rear, JS.
SACRAMENTO. 1514. between Hyde and Lar-
kln— Parlor floor; 5 elegantly furnished house-
keeping rooms; piano; large front room next
Coor; appreciated If seen; sunny.
HOWARD, 940— Front bay-window housekeep-
ing room. 8*: also single rooms.
HOWARD, 1806— LArge front bay-window room;
kitchen; parlor floor; complete for housekeep-
ing: private; cheap.
HYDE, 6— Bedroom parlor and kitchen nicely
furnished for housekeeping; gas and gas stove.
MARTHA place. 2. off Geary St.. near Taylor-
Two furnished roorr.s fcr housekeeping. . •¦
NATOMA. €2— Two furnished housekeeping
rooms, $S a month: no children.
MME. Neercaard. Pres. St. Germain CcUegß of
PHlrr.istry: reads 1 to S. 616 Geary, nr. Jones.
WATEON, the "only" natural palmist and
mcJiun; full readings. 25c. liSl Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.'
TO let— House of 6 rooms, bath, pantries, large
s-arden.- chicken yard. large stable; low rent.'
Call on premises, 1622 Broadway, near broad-
jrauge station, or R. O. WILICE. 906 Market
Et.. San Francisco. • ." ... .
BOARD AND ROOMSJVVANTED-Alameda
IN Alameda or Oakland— Furnished room, Trtth
board for 'gentleman' (permanent), with ¦ use
cf a Email part of back yard. Box 3438, CaJl.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 11.
Br •tmr Belgian King, Weiss,' Portland.
* OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 11— Stmr Cevic.
for Liverpool: stmr St Louis, for Southampton;
stmr Southwark, for ' Antwerp. .•::;¦¦- v.- :
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 11— Stmr St
Paul; from New jYorls.. .
ANTNVERP— Arrived April 11— Stmr . Swltzer
lanO.l from Philadelphia. -
TO LEASB.
TO Lease— AH or part cf vacant property: 9Sx
ISO; en Mission St.. near Fifteenth; will build
llrht *trncture. Owner, box 2109. Call. '-
PACIFIC Storace and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, Kt2» Fillmcre st.: 'phone Jackson 2SI.
BEKINS Van end Storage Co.. IJ4J Market St.:
t»t." South ESS: packlnc. mnvin* and storage
A for Morning P for Afternoon.
* Daily. • t Hmi'Hj excepted. J Sunday only.
¦ " 6 Saturday only.
jaTaeadayi and Fridays c Thursdays and Bandars.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. 18M.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. TAXJU3TX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS)— *7:OO, "S:^ U:W a. m.; n:4*.
•8:40. S:IS. «;00. 8:30 0. m.
EXTRA TRIPB— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 d. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:OO. 'lOiOO, *U:BS a. m-j IM,
8:1B, •4:45. 8:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <*) run to San Quentln.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TOJ BAN FRANCISOX
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S. U:35. 7:46. •»:« a, a.|
•12:80, 2:15, *3:40. •SUS p. m.
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wadnaadaya a&4
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:16 p. m.
SUNDAYS— <:», *8:00. »10: M. ni:4B a. bj.|
•1:40, 'S:^ 4:45, •«:*> D. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qnenttn.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO BAN FP.ANCIBCO.
•WEEK DAYS— 6:43. «:4S, 7:55. t:4S a. m.j
13:25. 2:35. 8:45. 5:20 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays an 4
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OB. 10:05 a. na.; 18:06. 8:18, 8:30,
»:00. «:45 p. m.
THHOUOH TRAINS.
TrtOa. m. week days — Cazadero and way stations*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tom ales and way station*.
1:00 a. an. Sunday*— Tomalcs and way stations.
koUNT TAMALPfUS SCtNIC " RfllLWAf
Leave San Francisco via . Sausallto .Ferry.
Week Daya...... ...8:30 a. m. and 1:13 p. m.
5unday5.. ....... ..8:00. 19:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m,
¦• BUam-heated. closed car on all trains. ¦
Far*— Saji Francisco to Summit and aetura.
A SURTOZSDTO effer— Given away; only 81258
fcr 2&) acre*; 203 fenced; li acres richest of
va:!?y !oam; fui!y 100J cords of oak; 3-room
houre; well; living creek; 8 miles by good
county road from Napa.
N. D. EICKELS. the Land Agent.
.10 Gf-ary «.. opp. Chronicle bldg.. S. F.
FOR pale— ln M"l Vall«y; house of five rooms
Rand hath er.d four Frnall rocms In basement;
furnished or unfurnished; lot EOxlBC; garden
and orchard of 30 trees: 6 minutes* walk from
Ftation; 12500. Anply £26 Turk at.'
REMARKABLE FEAT OF
SWIMMER PERCY CAVILL
Swims a Quarter Mile Far Inside
American Record in Olympic
Athletic Club's Tank.
Percy Cavlll, the champion swimmer of
the world, did a remarkable quarter-mile
trial yesterday in the big swlmimng tank
of the Oylmpic Athletic Club. He covered
the ;. distance in five minutes and flftj'
eipht seconds. The American record is
6:24 2-5. made in still water with one turn,
by A. T. Kenny of Chicago. This record
has withstood all assaults for seven years.
Cavill is keeping in condition in anticipa
tion of a match with, some of the crack
American swimmers. ..
. Captain Alex Pape's team of water polo
players defeated the team captained by
George Hinkel last night in a tournament
game by a score of 4 .goals to 2. Pape'a
associates were: Archie Taylor, J.. Phil
lips, E. Connolly, J. Bevans, "W. Cartright
and fL. Follansbee, goalkeeper. Hinkel's
team; was made up-of:G. Croll, G. Habe
nlcht, Li. Hammersmith, W. Wilder. C.
dough and ,W. J. Leonard/goalkeeper.
COAST HIT ISMS (Broad flange).
(Third and Townseml Sts.)
HI.AI. ESTATE COCXTRY — For Sale
$IW»— FINE 20-acre ranch: level rarden landi
gr>od house; barn full Of hay;- fine hors?
(¦•Try: 100 chickens and farming; tools, etc.;
fare &0c; mile to station.
Clearance sale; &0c on the 11; 28 fine Im-
proved farms ia prloes ranging from 81000 to
m 820.000 each: they belong to a bank and are
ordered sold within sixty day* at Vi appraised
value; ea*y terms; freight to 6. F. 81 a ton;
fare 60c. Ca'l fcr full printed description.
VilA— Nice 10-acre home, on R. R.; nice land;
torn* oak tr***: payable 810 a month.
"WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 Market St.
ETOCK er.d grain ranch for Bale in Coluea
County: 1240 acr*«; 810 per acre; tOO grain,
rest till land. XL 6. CHANDON. Marys-
vllle. Cal.
NEW family hotel: first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special inducements to
•elect people. 807 California St.. occupyln*
ceraer opposite Grace Church.
COAST DIVISION (Sarrorr (Jange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Meddler Wins a Two-Mile" Steeple-
chase at Memphis.
MEMPHIS. Term., April 11.— The track
at Montgomery Park was very heavy to
day from yesterday's rain. Results;
Mile and a sixteenth— Woodtrlce won. Dandy
H second. Viscount third. Time, 1:54.
Four and a half furlongs, purse— Garry Her
mann won, Sad Bam second, Dick Burgess
third. Time, :4SV4-
One mile, nurse— Streamer won. Belle of
Memphis second. Grcatland third. Time, 1:46.
Seven furlongs, selling— Molo won. Eltholin
second. Dr. Walnslt)- third. Time, 1:83.
Steeplechase, about two miles— Meddler won.
University second, Zufalig third. Tim*, 5:11
Mile and a sixteenth, selling— Schnell Laufer
won, Ben Chance second, W. B. Gates third.
Time. 1:54.
WASHINGTON, April 11.— The weather
was cold and raw at Bennlngra to-day and
late in the afternoon it began to rain.
Cupidity and Tonicum were the only fa
vorites to win. Results:
Five furlongs, selling— Cupidity won. Gran
deur second. Thermos third. Time; 1:08 1-5.
Four furlongs— Tonicum won. Albert Enright
second. Serp third. Time. :55%.
Hurdle handicap, mile and three-quarters,
seven hurdles— Cousin Jess won. Governor
Grlggs second, Shinfane third. Time, 3:22.
Seven furlongs— Monmouth Boy won, Na
bockllsh' second, Klmmage third. Time, 1:30 2-5.
Mile and 100 yards— Petit Maltre won, Owens
boro second, Althea third. Time, 1:53. '
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for rood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F C Brevoort, N V Mrs Daniels N T
Mrs Brevoort. NY W M Harris & w 111
8 M Falrchlld N V Miss H M Daniel* *NY
OH P Naol, Japan Mlsa B Hamlin jll
T B Tuttle, Chicago H W Hamlin, bTlcaro
D J Harris. Chicago Mrs L p Wllber 111
E P Shannon, Chicago W F Clark. Chicago
E L Daheny, Los Ang E S Shepherd & w.lll
L A Pearce, Denver Miss J Shepherd 111
J A Fullerton, B C Miss E Holmes. Mags
J J Cole, St Louis Mrs A M Vose, Boston
A G Shand, NY F T Vose & w. Mass
Mrs W C Pence, ni : Miss A M Vose, Mass
J-G Moore. NY Miss M R Vose Mass
Mrs E P Buckingham. J C Harrison, Cal
Vacavllle : . Miss E C Harrison, Cal
H L Shannon, Redding A W Ryerson, Mich
Mrs Shannon. Redding C A Cox A w, Cal
L A Kahn, Chicago H Stokes & w. N V
F H Green San Rafael Gertrude MacKlntosh,
F Fogg, Stanford Stanford ¦
RE Crayston. Folsom E B Cowles & w. Mass
C D Martin, Rochester C M Phelps A w, Mass
E O Tuttle. Boston E P Bogg A w, Mass
W J Morton, NY S Farquhar & w. Mass
G W Mason, Los Ang E A Bowers, Pa ¦
J G Jenkins. Wis F L Sylvia, Boston
Mrs Jenkins, Wls G J Brlndage, Cal
Miss Jenkins, Wis ! W E Dunn, Los Ang
Miss L Jones, Wls Mrs . M Schumacher
Master G Miller, Wls Chicago
H C Ryan &w, Wls G S Wood, Colo
S M White, Mass Mrs Wood. Colo
W H Talt, Cincinnati E C Oliver. S Mateo
Mrs Taft, Cincinnati Mrs Oliver, San Mateo
Miss. Herron, Ohio - O W Armsby &w, Cal
H T Clark &w, Neb E C Wood, San Mateo
G L Clark, Omaha R D Martin. 8 Mateo
W F Eells, Phlla D S Rosenbaum. Stktn
W H Remington, Wash A G Kavanagh, USN
J H Straub, Pittsburg R A Bulwer, U 8 N
J Dlckson. Baltimore O P Jenkins. Stanford
Mrs Dickson, Baltimore G W Koenlg, Boston
J R Warner & w, Mlnii H E Carey. Salt Lake
T H Devereaux, 111- W Choate, Detroit
Mrs Devereaux, 111 " W L Eppinger, Utah
F H Morley. Colo OF Harris, Salt Lake
J Camp & w. Conn D Stark, N V
Miss Camp, Conn W W Harris A w, . m
T Flint Jr. Ban Juan A M Kelley, N T
O Marston, San Diego M Holdman, NY
J W McGlnty. N V Mrs J B Thomas, NY
W B H Dowse, Boston D C Worcester & w,
Mrs Dowse, Boston New York
O H Daniels, N V
GRAND HOTEU
A M Rlkert. Jameaton F Porter, Rockf ord
W J Bmlth, Trask , Mrs H Wallls. Rockf rd
E Whlpple, Decoto v Mrs R Bailey, Rockfrd
J C Leopold, Sacto T G Roberts, Modesto
C E Thomas, "¦ Berkeley J Hanson. Portland
M H Schwartz, Berkly J Ragglo & w, Cal
R W Tully. Berkeley O F At wood, Stockton
J G Fredericks, Madsn Miss ' Grey. Orovllle ;
T M Merriam, US A Miss Waldeyer, Orovlll
F W Swarton. S Cruz EM Preston, Nov Cty
W C Brown. Oakland Mrs G Wells. L« Ang
Dr L Maddock, Stocktn W W Dean. Bonora
C D Dorr & w.'Mlnn R E Porter. Vancouver
R R Mayers,' Boston E A: Bower, Pa
F Moranda. Boston . W, Ede Groat & w.Cal
S White, Mass C J Sehman & w, Cal
A Smith, '• Stockton F V- Webb. Butter Crk
C J Clark, NY- J> J Pespinl, Sta Cruz
R H Cowles.Nev • A A Folhalnas, S Dleg
B J McGotvan, Cal J D Forster & w, Cal
R R Roper. Kansas Cty C- H Selby, .Los Ans "
A Kehr, Milwaukee C Thomas. Berkeley ¦
T Sully, New Orleans H G Raaf. Cal
N C Grldley & w. 11l W Mellck, Pasadena '
AM Dewey, Wash T> J McFall, Nev City
J McNaußhton. S Jose J-C Leopold, Sacto
J G Stoneman, Mich S ; BraKhorn, Idaho
T H Devereaux & w.lll E Swing.' Reddlnz
L C Joslln, Trenton W S Green, Colusa
Mrs J R Potter. 11l
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
O : Langan, Hclllster J G Mehrings, 8 Jose
O Wilson,' Rio Vista Mrs Mehriners, s Jose
C T Maltman. Cal . W .McKay, .lowa
W Ddhrman. Sacto A J Andersen, Fresno
8 Parker. Cal H Jullen.' Benicla
H Smith, San Jo«e Miss C McKay, i Cal ,-
E B Taylor, Kenwood J3 Field,. Angels Camp
H D : Gore, Fresno W . Chlnn," Vallejo • • :
C A Harvey, StaKosa WH "Adams, Sulsun
OF Lilly, i San Rafael J H Morris, ¦ Stockton
J Wood, Arizona v Mrs ; Morris, ; Stockton :
STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rotlsserle)— Nicely
furnished rooms from 112 to 830.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st-.
rear Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHIPLEY. 2E9— B rooms, 812; ? rooms, 87; house
n»w. Eec owner 1151 Guerrero st.
BAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor «t., near Market— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevator: new
furniture; hot and cold water: radiators; salt
E*a baths; suites and slnele rooms.
ROSEDALE House. 81J A 821 Kills st— Rooms,
night, ac to 81: week. 81 25 to $4: open nieht.
BAIXBOAD TBAVEZb
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T£ CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cox.vectin-o Train Leaves Sai? FxA^ciscet
6 P.n. Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15 .
. P.n In time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francises at 5:30
f vnrjFcc p. m. with Palace and TonrUt
pi *ii v "" tor Kansas City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlara ->n art
and BaVersfield. ROAD
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FRISCO SOON Market Street, Phone Mai a
IKIOV-U 3UUPI 153 l; Oakland, 1113 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 2ol J Street; San Jose, 7 West
E&nta Clara Street.
CALIFOim NOSTfIWESTERN BY. CO,
UM RAKGISGO AND NORTH PAGiTB
RAILWAY COMPAMY. .
' Titwren F«rry. f—t ml t,\cr\n Sfc
¦AW FRANCISCO TO BAJ* JUTAJOJT
YTEEK DAYS— 7:30, »:00, 11:00 a. ra. ; HA
8:3*) 5:19, *:30 p. to. Thursdays*— SUtrt> triu
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Es --% trips at I:2a
and 11:80 p. ra. - -
BUNDAYS-8:O0» 9:33, 11:00 a. inuj 1:30. IA
1:00. (:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEX. TO BAJT niAJTCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 4:IO, 7:50. »:li\ U:l> a. m.; 1S:«,
¦ 1:43, 1:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*) a*
I:ES and «:SS p. m. -
SUNDAYS— «:I9. 1:40, 11:19 a. m.t 1:40, I: JO, f it*.
6:13 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Bolractaea Pars)
¦am* scbedul* as abov*. '.'3MBMKII
BAXXBOAD TRAVEL.
amvrmmum pavitio ccipaxt.
(FACiriO HVSTEM.)
(ratal leave nml nre Uiie to itrrlv* at
HAN nUMIIW'O,
plain Line, Foot of Market Street)
DEEP Water Harbor, San Pedro, Cal.— United
States Engineer Offlce, Laughlin building,
Los Angeles, Cal., April 12, 1900. Sealed pro-
posals for continuing construction of break-
water at San Pedro, Cal., will be received
here until 11 a. m., May 14, 1900, . and then
publicly opened. Information furnished on
application. JAMES J. MEYLER. Captain
Engineers.
PROPOSALS.
HOWARD. S2»— Rooms from $1 week up to $5,
25c to $1 nipht: also housekeeping romos.
HANCOCK nOUSE. 781 Mission st.— Select
family rooming house: $1 50 to $S per week.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlee and residence.
K;jV4 Market ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
SAN FRANCISCO, April 11, 1900— The firm of
OLSEN. RUTH & COOK is this day dis-
solved by mutual consent. Messrs. OLSEN
and COOK succeed to the business and all
bills will be paid by said OLSEN and COOK,
and they will collect all outstanding claims.
Witness: HENRY YON TAGEN. H. G.
SIEBERS, M. OLSEN, LOUIS RUTH, C. D.
COOK.
GEARY. 4C5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms:sultes or single; travelers accom.
ELECTRIC lights tn every rocm; Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
t^c to $1 E0 rer night: $1 £0 to IS per week;
free "bus End baggage to and from the ferry.
IF ycu wish full va'.ue for your cast-oft cloth-
lEg ca:i en B. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. Black 413.
LADIES' and gents' eaet-cil clothlnr bought and
s-il. F:ivfrrr.an. SS4 Fclscm; tel. Folsom 1191.
ALASKA fur rarrner.ts. hoods, mitts, leather
coats. K. M. HEINEMAN. 10S Sansome st.
FOLSOM. 565. corner Sixth (The Oliver)— Sunny
furrifhed rooms: suites or slnele: new rapat.
CURLED cr waved hair can be quickly cb-
xt-.z.fi by using Talcott's Curling Fluid; 25
rents bottle.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
e TAMMERINO corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN, A.M.. Ph.D.. UIS Linden et.. Oakland.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. corner; well turn.: rms. A offices.
G. D. MORSE, photographer. 2606 Pacific aye.,
between Pierce and Scott: phone 6telner 3391,
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
suits made to crder: fit ruar. 2 Eighth st.
WANTED— OId gold for manor g. O. NOLTE,
Jeweler, Tit O"Farren, bet. Powell and Mason,
BUSH, 1124— Elegant suite and single rooms;
bath: running water; beautiful home; elegant
reception room; $12 up.
SUITS en eaey installments from Imported or
doniettlc remnants. One Price Tailoring Co.,
tZ3 Kearr.y et.. between Sacramento and CaJl-
fcrnla.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
A-"THE ELMER HOUSE." 324 Bush St.. ad-
Jolnir.g the Russ Hotel; S4 rooms; all prices.
VALENCIA. 534H — Sunny front room and con-
necting kitchen, furnished, $12; or 8 rooms, $15.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3166, near Howard— Two or
8 sunny housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry.
SECONI"). 212— Furnished housekeeping rooms:
alsn single rooms; clean and respectable; rea-
sonable.
OFARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lcr floor; 2 to 5 rooms; housekpff. or otherwise.
PERSONALS.
BELLE— Oudry is net a lady; he is a photog-
rapher in Oakland.
s') IiCWAUP for Information as to the where-
abouts of LILLJE MAY HOWUAND of 63
Anna et. Address JAISES H. McKAY. ship-
wright, 60 Anna Et.
IiAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
(htnl!le-wove liice, eilk portieres: dealer In
ttrpet twine, in hank or chair., at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
MRS. DR. L BURGER, late matron cf Ger-
man lloscltal. N. V., fpeciallst fcr bladder.
kiiney. skin diseases and cancer, office 10«
Fourth et. A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold. San
Uateo Orphan Asylum, says: I had cancer on
rcy '.eft l*-g. 1 «as treited by Mrs. Burger.
506 Fourth st.. and certify that I was cured
In a thort tlrr.e. Wm. Osterhold. San Mateo.
I!ME. AT>A cures rheumatism, headaches, r.eu-
raJria: all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully dfted hands. 1243 Howard St.
LEDERER'6 Qulr.tcnlca halrtonlc preserves and
beautifies the hair: 35e bot.; Foamo Shampoo,
tc i>kg. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 257 Jescla it.
TC-IN. Switches for $2; this at Lederer's; every
customer receives a pkg- of fist El Perfect*
Rouge free; haSrdrcsslcg the very latest, 25c.
O. LEDERER, 1?3 Stockton st.
PALMbTUY.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
STORE to let— Fifth eU, near Folsom. Inquire
at £22 Fifth tt.
KOR rent— Elegant offices in Y. U. E XT
bul'.dlng. Mascn and Ellis Fts.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FOLEOM,' EJ4— Large sunny bay-window room;
kitchen: closets; bath; everything private;
$;3; alcove. $14 month.
SLOPPY SPORTS
WITNESSED BY
A SMALL CROWD
Three Long Shots Finished
in Front Down at
Tanforan.
Morelia Finally Left the Maiden
Class— Another Fair of Brackets
for Rollick— Ferseus in
Form.
The mud at Tanforan Park yesterday
was a golden brown in color, and of a
holding, gluey nature, an analysis of
which is anxiously awaited by the
"students." It caused three) favorites to
bo retired and several other short-priced
horses to be attacked with locomotor
ataxia or some other » speed destroying
disease. Morelia, Captive and Amasa
splashed In at juicy quotations, to the ap
parent enjoyment of a handful of last
chance takers.
A big band of maiden fillies and mares
started in the opening scramble, with Red
Cherry closing a luKewarm choice over
Swiftwater and Artilla. The winner turn
ed up In- Morelia, a 6 to 1 chance, owned
by '•Jim" Neil, which won easily from
Artilla and Bona.
Receding In the betting -from even
money to 7 to 5, Rollick ran circles around
her company in the two- year-old daah.
After showing the way for some distance.
Chaste lost the place to Floranthe, a 20 to
1 outsider.
Everybody and everybody's friend
spread their checks about on Perseus to
win the mile selling run. The gelding did
it in such a way as to leave no doubt
about the result, finishing nearly a six
teenth of a mile ahead of Storm King.
Dolore • secured the "look-In." Not a
bark was heard from Dogtown.
It was said Catastrophe early evinced a
dislike for moisture, so Carroll's horse
backed up in the betting on the mile and
a sixteenth run. Played from 10 to 7,
Ross, on Captive, led the parade from
barrier time, stealing home on the "chin
strap." Opponent beat Catastrophe out
for place honors.
Amasa, at odds of 10 and 12, made a
ragtime farce of the five and a half fur
long Jaunt, winning all the way." Espir
ando, a long shot as usual, led Moringa
over the mark a head for the second cut.
Miss Marion, the favorite, grew peevish
and refused to play after rounding the
bend for home.
Corrlgan's filly Sardine met a bunch of
degenerates In the closing run, never be
ing compelled to get out of a gallop.
Cromwell, after a struggle, took the place
from Fille d' Or.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds ; purse.
1068 Ada N 1031 1088 Sublime 103
1068 Bavassa 103 1068 Carllee 103
(1068)Sacharold 108 1057 Cambaceres ...111
1062 Toah 108 1075 Moonbrlght ....112
1062 Andratus 108 1059 St.- Rica 10S
1059 Intrada 112 1062 Lilly Dlggs 108
1062 Phil Archibald.lll 1068 Merida 103
1062 Ada Fox 103;(1062)Homage 112
Second* race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; selling.
1071 Matt Hogan .. 82 K1042) Mortgage SO
(lC63)Hlgh Hoe 104 1 1069 St. Casimir 101
1069 Mountebank ... 92 (1033)Boundlee 96
1068 Casdale ........103
Third race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
up; handicap.
1061 Dr. Sheppard.,l2o 1061 Sly 115
1069 Theory .104 1C35 Cormorant 112
1064 Formero 110 10i>9 St. Caslmlr 100
(1079)Sardlne 9S 1063 Rosalbra 96
(1033)Boundlee 94 1011 Aluminum 85
1077 Jennie Reid....102 (1071)Isallne 88
Fourth race—One and a quarter miles; three
year-olds and up; selllne.
(1040)Prestome 87i(1066)Tappan 103
(1065) Mv Gypsy 821 1065 Jolly Briton — *4
1065 Allenna "- 82| 1072 Tom Calvert—103
1070 Lothian 107) 10C6 Sardonic 101
Fifth race—One mile; four-year-olds and up;
selling.
1070 Morlnel ........109j(1077)Captlve 113
(1067) De Blaise 109! 1066 Castake 110
1070 Orion 110 1060 Gauntlet 109
(1055)Wyomlng 112 1036 Montanus 11l
1012 Lodestar .......110 1018 Facade 100
1053 Silver Tone ....103
Sixth race—One mile: three-year-olds; parse.
1071 Burdock 1121 828 Rio Shannan.,.llo
1071 Maydlne 1051 1065 Expedient 112
1031 Urchin 1031 104S Bathos 110
1073 Reg. Hughes...lool 1033 Edgardo 100
Selections for To-Day.
First race —Bavassa, Toah, Homage.
Second race—Mortgage, High Hoe, St. Casl
mlr. : 'V*:-
Third race —Corrlgan entry. Theory, Dr. Shep
pard. .vfei^ t
Fourth race—Sardonic, . Tappan. Prestome.
Fifth race—Wyoming 1, Sliver Tone, Morinel.
' Sixth race—Bathos, Expedient, Rio Shannon.
THE CALL'S RAGING CHART
(Copyright. 1100. by H. H, Exbert.)
TANFORAN PARK, Wednesday. April 11. 1300i— Weather fine. Track muddy.
THE SAN FRANGISGO GALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 1900.
fully Invited to ¦ attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 190S Sixteenth ; avenue south, between
Q and R streets south. South Ban Francisco.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. :
FREY— In this city. April 11,' 1900. James Frey,
adopted son of Fred Frey. ¦ attorney-at-law,
and nephew of Mrs. Henry Hanßon.-a native
of . San Francisco," aged 20 years and 10
months. , ¦ •*.
ICT" Friends and : acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the*funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the Gantner A
Guntz Undertaking Company's parlors, 8 and
10 City Hall square., ; ¦
HARVEY— In this city, April 11, 1900. Flor-
ence A. Harvey, beloved wife of Captain
Lewis P. Harvey, J a native of San Francisco,
aged. So years 6 months and 6 days. (New
Hampshire papers please copy.)
lETNotice of funeral hereafter. . ,
HOLTHAUS— In this city, April 1L 1900, Joseph
F., beloved husband of Rose -H. Holthaus,
and father of Edna Holthaus, 1 a native of
Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 84 years.
JESS— In this city, April 10, 1900, John, dearly
beloved husband of Anna Jess, father of Au-
gust, Emma. John Jr. and Lurllne Jess, and
brother of .Mrs. William Ahlstrand, a native
of Schleswlß-Holsteln, . Germany, aged 38
year 11 months and 24 days.
KT^Frlendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock,, from his late resi-
dence, 107 Natoma street, corner of Second,
thence to Shlels building. 32 CFarrell street,
where services will be. held under the aus-
pices of the Norddeus<*er Vereln, commenc-
ing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, April IV, 1900, Mrs. Jo-
hannah Levy, beloved mother of Mrs. Fannie
Lubelsky, Mrs. I. S. Green, Mrs. H. Gerber,
Mrs. C. Pander, Jacob Levy of San Fran-
cisco, Mrs. M. Adler and Mrs. I. Mackowsky
of New York, a native of Germany, aged *>2
years.
LONG— In this city, April 10,1900, Ann long,
beloved mother of. Mrs. J. W. Charlesworth.
and grandmother of Olive, Eveline, , Clara.
William and Charlotte Charlesworth, a native
of London, England, aged 68 yean.
E7The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor A Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment private.
McMAHON— In this city, April 11, 1900, Cath-
erine McMahon, beloved wife of the late
James McMahon. a native of the parish of
Lurgan, County Cavan, Ireland, aged 57
years.
McTIERNAN— In this city, April 11, 1900, Ed-
ward, beloved father of James J. McTler-
nan, a native of County Leltram, Ireland,
aged 61 years and 11 months.
(^Friends and acquaintance* are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 266 Dore street, between Ninth and
Tenth, Harrison and Bryant, thence to . St.
Joseph's Church, Tenth street, for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAGORTY— In this city, April 1L 1900, at her
residence, 8« Haight street, Abby Teresa
Magorty, dearly beloved wife of William Ma-
gorty, and beloved mother of John, Fred and
Lizzie Magorty, Mrs. Harry Marks and Mrs.
Edward Kelly, a native of County Leltrlm,
Ireland, aged El years and 8 months.
ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
METCALFE— In Coronado, Cal., April 10. 1900,
Kate Wooster Metcalfe, wife of Captain John
Metcalfe, daughter of the late John B.
Wooeter, and sister of Frederick L. and Philip
L. Wooster. a native of California, acted 39
years.
cdrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
April 14. 1900. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2319 Central avenue. Interment pri-
vate. .
MILLER— In this city. April 9. 1900, Edward L.
Miller (late of the Guide), a native of New
York City, aged 65 years.
¦ ICTFuneral services will be held this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at B'nai B'rith Hall.
121 Eddy street, under the auspices of San
Francisco Typographical Union No. 21 and
Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.
MOSS— In this city, April 10. 1900, Patrick
Henry, beloved husband of Anne Moss, and
father of Mary. William and Margaret Moss
and Mrs. Edwin Williamson, a native of Ire-
' land, aged B7 years.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 7 Liberty street. Interment pri-
vate. No flowers. . .
MULLER— In this city. April — , 1900, Cath-
arina Muller. beloved sister of Joseph Mul-
ler and Mrs. Henry Miller, a native of Hos-
penthal. Canton Url, Switzerland, aced 3S
years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the Gantner &
Guntz Undertaking Company's parlors, 8 and
10 City Hall square. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
ROOT— In this city. April 10, 1900, Robert Root,
a native of Massachusetts, aired 56 years.
C7*Remalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
THOMPSON— In this city, April 10, 1900, George
W., beloved son of Walter J. and Helen M.
Thompson, and brother of Walter, Alice and
Laura Thompson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 19 years 1 month and IS days.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully' Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, -1717--fiddy— street,' thence to Holy
Cross Church, where services will be held for
the repose •of his soul, commencing; at 2
o'clock. I Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TOBIN— In this city. April 11. 1900. Sylves-
ter Robert, infant son of Sylvester and Nelly
Tobln, a native of San Jose, Cal.. aged 7
months and IS days. , .
WARD— In San Jose, April 11, 1900, Henry J..
beloved husband of Sarah A. Ward, and
father of Mrs. H. D. Grant of San Rafael.
Mrs. Grant E. Castro of Pan Francisco. Mrs.
G. T. Jameson and Nettle, Charles, William
and James Ward, a native of Buffalo, N V ,
aged SI years 2 months and 23 days.
OFFICE— IIIB BROADWAY.
1074. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; maiden three-yeap-olda and upward; purse. $400.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Just completed, "NEW" English .and' Dutch
style cottages and houses, containing 6 rooms,
porcelain bath, pantries, china closet, book-
cases, polished paneled dlnlnjr-room, sewlng-
rcom, etc In fact, . thoroughly up to date In
every feature; fine locations ; close to local
trains, schools, cars, etc. ; terms easy.
J. S. MYERS,
• 1002 Broadway,
Oakland.:
Time— H. :13; H. :S7H; H. 1:03. Good start. Won easily, second and third driving. Winner.
James Nell's b. f., by Morello-Koeciolottle. Going Just suited the winner. Track wa» not
to the liking of ArtlUa. Swiftwater apparently of no use In mud. Scratched— Lobosina 95.
Sweet Clover 95, Miss Soak 110, Tourist II 107. Nettle Clark 101.
$1500 SNAP. $1500
Neat cottage/ 5 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; sunny exposure, and has all the mod-
ern conveniences; street work complete; good
location and neighborhood; close to cars,
schools, etc.; chance for a home at most rea-
sonable figure. BHsVSPsM&IaSWiaHH
J. B. MYERS.
1002 Broadway,. .
Oakland.
TURK, 543— Large front room with coal stove,
complete for housekeeping, {2 50 per week;
also sincle. Jl 25.
160 CASH }6 monthly-Chicken run of Cox2s»
feet; unfinished new cottage, 2 rooms; chicken
yard; all fenced; price all told, $875 ; more
land can be had cheap; soil; cllmata and
water excellent: away from cold winds and
fogt: grand view; near a 90-foot-wide boule-
vaid and electric car line; not far from a
fine 3 story echoolhouse; is building up fast;
4 houses already gone up on the place; West-
all Tract, adjoining East Oakland; call or
s«nd for circular. 455 Seventh st., near Broad-
way. Oakland. HENRY Z. JONES. Owner.
1075. SECOND RACE— Four and a half furlongs: selling; two- rear-olds; purse. $400.
Time— 3-16. :13; 6-16, :31; 4ftf, :55«. Fair start. Won easily, second and third drivlnr.
Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's eh. g.. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick Is a clever
youngster. Chaste tired. Moonbrlght no speed.- Tltanla will improve. Scratched— llUlouon
104. Ada Fox 101.
1076. THIRD RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, J4OO.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established, at 10$ l
Valencia *t.
GET your own home at a bargain.
For sale— Houses and lots, to suit, by the
Cosmopolitan Building Association: small pay-
ment required; easy terms. B. K. WATER-
MAN. 1107 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland;
Union Hotel block.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, It pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada- one year for U.
pottage paid. - '
OAKLAND FCRNITURB FOR SALcJ.
Time— H. :27;~ %. :62H: %. 1:19; mile, 1:45 H. Good start. Won easily, second and third driv
lngi Winner, E. W. Purser's b. g.. by Imp. King Gallcp-Nanka. Everybody played the
winner. Scratched— lnverary II 107 Sardonic 106, Einstein 107, Poor'.ar.ds 103.
1077. FOURTH RACE— One mil* and a sixteenth; selling; 3-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
BURNETT. 1426 Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
clthed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ; -,
DIVIDEND NoUce-^Dividend No. 78 (25 cent*
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company, will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market at., on and after
Friday, April 20. 1900. Transfer book* will
close on Friday, April 13, 1900, at 8 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
Time— l-18. :07; 5-l«, :32H: »-18. :MU: 13-16. 1:23^: mile. 1:U\: 1 l-16m, 1:51>4. Good start.
Won easily, second and third driving. Winner, P. Hlldreth'a eh. h., by Strathmorw-Blaclc
Maria. Winner received much smart backing. Catastrophe didn't like the last half of
the Journey. Jennie Reid quit under hard riding. -
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 8 (25c per
snare) of the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.
. will be payable at the office of the company.
527 Market st.. on and after MONDAY. April
16 1900. Transfer books will doge on Tues-
day. April 10, 1900. at i p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
FRONT room, suitable for dental student, with
chair; reasonable. Inquire 332 Turk st.
GEARY, 14A— Light, eunny room; nicely fur-
nished: from Jl E0 up.
GEARY. 338, rear— A nice, large, sunny room
In a quiet family for a gentleman.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Califor-
nia, room 229 Crocker building, San Francisco,
Cal.. April 6. 1900— Coupon due April 11. 1900.
from first mortgage six (6) per cent bonds of
Sierra Railway Company of California will
be paid at the fiscal agency of this company,
th<» Cnfcker-Woolworth National Bank, on
and after that date.
'-• -¦¦- - S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
GRANT aye., 219 (The Clyde)— House refur-
nished; front rooms, 50c per day up; suites
reasonable.
1079. SIXTH RACE— Seven furlong*; three-year-olds and upward; purse. »400.
Time— %, :13; •&. :37%: %, 1:03; %. 1:30- Good start. Won easily, second and third driving.
Winner, B. Corr1gan"8 ch. t., by Imp. Basaetlaw-lmp. Sardonyx. Sardine tlacanned la.
Cromwell warmed up well. Scratched— Rosormonde 113.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room, SI per week; transient.
MISSION. M7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furcUhed; rent reasonable. FLICK. Propi
LEAVENWORTH, 1521— Furnished or unfur-
nished rooms to let.
OCTAVIA. 102— Sunny furnished front rooms;
gE*. bath, phone; suitable for gentlemen.
Excursion to Alaska.
TACOMA, April 11.— The Chamber ot
Commerce has chartered the Oriental
liner Tacoma for an excursion to Alaska,
leaving Tacoma June 25. The trip will
extend thirty days and Cape Nome will
be the farthest point touched. Invitation*
will be sent to all commercial bodies In
the East, and It Is expected the party win
aggregate 200 representative business men
northbound. Stops will be made at Ju
neau. Skaguay, Sltka. Dutch Harbor and
St. Michael.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
efflces: elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
ORLANDO House. 359 Howard, cor. Sixth—
Sunny rooms: prices to suit; open night.
POST. 233, corner Stockton— Finest transient
rooms In city; hot and cold water; elevator;
telephone.
POWELL, 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.;
suites or singles ; running water: gas: reas.
lsatx — Farm Februvp.t 2;. 1900. — auutb
POWELL, 505— Front sunny room, newly fur-
nished; gentlemen preferred; references; rea-
sonable.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Charles L. O'Brien, 24, 732 Howard street, and
Clara M. Mullen, 20, 752 Howard street.
Silvio G. Bacigalupi, £3, 9 Calhoun street,
and Katie Dolan, IS, 531 Francisco street.
Pietro Dapavo, 34, city, and Maria Rossi,
22, city.
Ernst R. H. Meyer. £5, Oakland, and Ida
S. German. 2L Berkeley.
William A. Lange, 28, city, and Grace A. L.
Glselman, 21, city.
John M. Weiss. 26, 1725 Hyde street, and
Wilhelmina Zipfel, 21, 77A Rausch' street.
B. Franklin McLaughlin, 24, 632 Jessie street,
and Estella P. Schew, IS, 629 Jessie street.
Mathias Holbek. 26, 1936 Market street, and
Lizzie Eicke. 19. 120 Fell street. ;
. Giuseppe B. Andriano, 27, 512^4 Learenworth
etree-t, and Eugenia Cafasso, 19, 909 Val'.ejo St.-
Charles B. Gleaves. 22, 700 Golden Gate ave-
nue, and Helen G. Burns,, 2l, 1514 Castro street.
Albert E- "Vandercook. 27, El Dorado Can-
yon. Nev., and Lilian Mason.. 24, city.
BUTTER. 1022V4— Newly furnished runny
rooms ; reasonable.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. ;
BOBN. 'vV
NICHOLS— In this city, April 8. 1900, to the
wife of Frank Nichols, a son.
TO let— Upper part of house, consisting of three
rooms and connecting bath; corner house;
best of references given and required; nothil-
dren. Box *G4O. Call <fflce.
THE Astor, 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights:
elegant new furniture: single, suites; trans' t.
MAKBIED. ?.i\&%}
DIAMOND— JACOBY— In this city, April 8,
ISOO, by the Rev. Heyman Samuelson, Heyman
Diamond and Birdie Jacoby, both of | San
Francisco.
SIGOURNEY-LEAVITT— In this city. April 11.
1300, by Archdeacon John A. Emery, Wilson
H. Slsourney and Elizabeth C. Leavltt, both
of San Fcanclsco. ¦ . .
•7«OOa BenicU, Bulauu, Elmira, VaearUlew
Eumseyand Hacramento *T:4»»
•7:OO a Shaeta Express— Daxla. Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland »7:43*
•7:30 a. Martinez. h>:in Uamon. Vallejo. Napa,
Caliatoga and Santa Ilnss. *6tiar
•8:30 a Tbo Oyerlandliailted— Ogden. Den-
»er. Omaha. Chicago •StlOv
•SiS*a San Jose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Plaesrrillet
Marystllle, Chico. UclUlulT •4iiap
•»:BOa •Milton. Oakdale.fconnrs. Ctrters... MttSv
•tf:OOA Haywards, NilisaU'l Way Stations. •11i43a
•9:00 a Davis, Woodland. Knights Landing%
MarjaTiile, tJroTlllo «7i«f
•O:OOa Atl.tnti) Express— Ogdcn and East It:>lSA
•9:0Oa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
MerceU ao<l Fresno *12:13y
•BiO»a Port Coats, Fresno, Mojare and 1.011 .01
Außeles »«:45f
• I e-.00 a Vallrjo, Martinez and Way Stations # O: 13*
•11:O«a Niles, I.irerniorc, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, llanf ord. Visal!*.
rorterrille MslS»
•1 SiOOk Ilaywar Js, Xilea and Way Stations. * 2:43y
? l:OOp Sacramento UiTerBto:imers t*:O«p
•3:OOp Ilaywards, Niles and Way Stations. *3t45»
•4iOOr Martinet, Han Kaiuoii, Vallejo,
Niil'u. Oalittog*. SauU Roc* t *»ilS*
•4s««r Beniels, Vae*villo. Sacramento,
Woodland, Kniffhta Landing.
Marys»Ulo, Oro»ille •I«s41l4
•4 ißOpNlies. San Joso and Stockton *?ils»
•3:OOrTbo Owl limited— Tracy, Fresno.
" ¦ a BakeraQeld. Sanjns for Santa Bar- **
l.ara, I^u Angles UO:4aA
o-">:OOp Eucset Liaited— Kl Paso, Xcv Or-
leans end E:ut : «1«s-1.1a
•SsSOr Stockton, Meict'l, Fresno *12t191>
•5:30r Krosno, UakentJeiil, Santa lUtlnra,
Los Angeles, Doming, £1 Paso,
New Orleans and Cast •8:4»*
•S<BOr Rautiv I'm Konte— Atlaullu Express
for Mojare and Kut *Srf3p
•OiOOp Harwards, Niles and San Jose •7543 a
le-.znr v«iiej» •iaaB»
•6130 1- Oriental Mall— Ojden, Cheyenne. •
Omaha, Chicago *9:*3 a
•«*S«f Oriental Mail— Og&en. Benrer.
Omada, Chic»«o. *4>lSv
}7soor Vallc]o, Fort Costs and Way Sta-
tions. t»«**»
•S:O3r Oregon and Callfcrnls lixpreiw.Nae-
rtunento, Murj's«illo, Ucililinz,
PorHami. rnitct .S.mit.l lll.d Tj»t 'gIIBA
•Bsl3a Newark,C'eutenille.S»DJoe9,FeltOD,
Boulder Creek, Sau ta Cruz and Way
btatkms m»»«»
tZitSr Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
.. Almaden, Fulton, HonKler Creek,
Sauts> C'rua ami l'riuclpal Way
Stations..... t'»»«"*«*
. M:lsp Newarlt, San Josb, LosGatns. *»tl£O*
6J l:15p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way,Sta:lons t7iB»>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. w
rriaSlß FRiKCISCO— Faot »f Htrlist £trt«MSU?3)—
•7:16 9:00 11KX)VM. 11:33 *3:03 13:03
•1:03 t0:03 •0:03r.u, .
frimOHLlKß— Nil tf BrudwuT.— *6:oo 8:00 10:00 i.M.
U2XO *W0 $3:00 -3:CO tl:CO '5:03 r.M.
trt»IOA Oc^u Viaw, Bouth H*n Francisco.. fo»3op
•7-.OO* Kuu Jose ami Wny SUUous (New
Almailen Wednesday! only)....... »li»»»
•BiOOa Ban Jom, Tres I'inos, KauU Cras.
r»cIUo Orotß. Paso Hobles, fian
I.nls Oblspo, Surf. Lompoe and
Principal Way Rutlons *4tl«r
•I»<4O* San Josa anil Way .Stations »0:8»A
•IIiSUA Ban Josa and Way Stations. *BiS«V
t*i4Sr San Mateo, Itedwood. Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Joso.
Tres Pinos. Hai.t.i C'niz. Sallnaa,
. Monterey au<l l'aclfio GroTa (lOiMa
tnttSOp fan Joso ami Way Stations *7>3op
fl:l3rSan JoseaiKl Principal Way Stations •«: 13a
f5:OUp San Jose and Principal VTaySUtions 1"J:OOa
•5:30p San Jose an<l Principal Way Stations *H:33a
•6:30 r San Jose auJ Way Stations fM:OO*
>11;45p San Jogoaiul Wsy Statlous. »7:30r
,DIED.
Agnew, Francis J. Jess, John
Anderson, John L. Levy, Mrs. Johannah
Moyle. Ada M. • Lonir. Ann
Carroll. Agne» McMahon. Catherine
Crawford. William E. McTlernan, Edward
Cunningham. Jos. A. Magorty, Abby T. .
Curry. John -. Metcalfe. Kate W.
Douty, Frank S. Miller, Edward I*
Dowd, Mary Moss, Patrick H.
Flynn, Catherine B. Muller, Catharina
Fox, Bridget Root, Robert
Frey. James Thompson. George W.
Harvey. Florence A, Tobln. Sylvester R,
Holthaus, Joseph- F. Ward, Henry J.
AGNEW— In Oakland, April 11, 1900, Francis
J. Agnew, beloved son of Thomas* F. and
Mamie Agnew, a native cf Oakland, aged 3
years and 10 months.
C7Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 2
•o'clock, -from the Darents' residence, 529 Cas-
tro street. Interment private, St. Mary's
Cemetery.
ANDERSON— In this city, April 10. 1900, John
Ludwlg Anderson, brother of Henry W, An-
derson of Sunol, Cal., and uncle of George A.
Anderson of San Francisco, a native of Clote-
borg, Eweden, aged 65 years 8 months and 7
days. . - . .
(CTFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the "parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street.
BOYLE— In Mill Valley, April 11. 1900, Ada
May Boyle (Blossom), wife of Hugh A. Boyle,
and daughter of Calvin and Ada I. Nutting,
c red 22 years.
CARROLL— In this city, April IL. 1900, Agnes,
beloved daughter of Peter and Delia Carroll,
and sister of Maggie and Mary A. Carroll, a
native of San Francisco, aged B years and 8
months.
CRAWFORD— In Oakland. April 10, 1900, Wil-
liam Edgar, beloved husband of Fannie Craw-
- ford, and ¦ father of Dorothy Crawford, a na-
tive of Camden. N. - V., aged 53 years and 23
days. • '
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, April 11, 1900, at
the Railroad Hospital, Joseph Andrew, be-
loved husband of Mary A. Cunnineham, and
brother of Mrs. Lizzie Gamble and Sarah and
Thomas Cunningham, a native of Sidney,
Ohio, aged 62 years 11 months and 7 days. -
CURRY— In this city, April 10, 1900. John
Curry, a native of Ireland, aged 61 years.
DOUTY— In this city, April 1L 1900. Frank
Sancer Douty, a native of Maine, aged £2
years 7 months and 2 days. :
C7"Friends and Companions of the Loyal
Legion and Comrades of the G. A. R., are
respectfully Invited • to attend ¦ the - funeral
services this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at
the residence of Dr. J. W. Ward, 2700 Broad-
way, corner of Devisadero street. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
DOWD— In this city. April 11. 1900. Mary, be-
lo%-ed wife of the late Peter Dowd, and
mother of Mrs. M. 'A. Klrlln 5 and Margaret
E. Dowd. a native of County Tyrone, Ire-
land. . " ¦ i»
FLYNN— In this city. April 11, 1900. Catherine
U., beloved wife of John ' O. >M. Flynn,": and
mother of Thomas 8., John T., William -A.
Patrick F., Katie C, Cornelius A., Maggie
G. and Joseph M. Flynn,' a native of County
Tipperary. Ireland,' aged 47 years. ?
py Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock; from her late resi-
dence, 19 Calhoun street/ between, Green and
Union, thence to St.- Francis Church for serv-
ices at '11 o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs
Cemetery. • - . .
FOX— In South San Francisco. April 10, < 1900,
Bridget Fox, dearly beloved wife of Peter
Fox." and loving ' mother of = John F.,-.EJ« ward
J -Joseph "P. and Peter E. Fox. a native of
the - parish ¦ of Altacumsay,- County ' Tyrone,
Ireland, aged 58 years.
¦$y Friends : and ; acquaintances are j respect-
11
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |Bt. U H
1031 Morella. 3 95 i ~ ft
839 Artilla, 3 101 9 ... n
1069 Bono, S 95 2 . |v
1033 Lew Zara, 3 85 5 ... 1 h
106« My Dear, 4... 107 « ... 3 2
,1031 Coming Event. 3 KM 3 ... 5*4
1028 Swiftwater, S 95 10 ... si
.... Ahwahnee, 3........ 95 n ... 10
979 Red Cherry. 3 .... 95 4 ... n
PCS .lUHoiiette, 3 100 8 ... 12
102S Tanobe, 3 95 7 ... 4 v
965 Florence Fink. 4... .109 12 ... 3 ii
1066 Naples. 4 ......107 13 ... 13
% Str. Jin.
' 31 ... 14.
5 1 ... 2 1
3 b ... Ji,
11 ... 4 5
4 H ... » H
< 1 ... C b
3 1 ... 7 2
I>> ~. 8 3
11 ... » 1
12 ... 10 1
7 % ¦ ... 11
9 1 ... 12
13 . ... 13
( Beltins.
Jockey. |Op. Cl.
H. Stuart 4 «
Henry T-2 %
Buchanan .... • 19
Fauntlsroy ... • 15
Enos S W
O'Brien • 19
Mounc* 5 9-2
Eonner 10 *>
Bassins«r •••- * *
Heinson 19 *J
J.- Daly 20 25
Macklln » »
Cannell *> 1?
index. Horae: Weight. |Sl
(S7l) Rollick 106 5
1062 Florantha 103 2
I 1015) Chaste 101 S
(805) Ir&ta 101 «
1063 Moonbrlsht 101 1
1062 Artena 101 4
1020 Princes* Tltania....lO7 8
941 Loyal S 108 7
1020 Screenwcll Lake 10110
1001 Pegalong 104 »
M, V,
32
: i
1 3
4 H
8 4
6 H
C 1
JH
9 &
10
Str.
32
2 b
1%
5 1
7 1
? V,
«^i
8 4
9 8
10
Fin.
i :
2 1
3 4
* H
5 1
« H
7 2
8 5
9 12
10
I Jockey.
'Morgan
piounce
Burcanan ...
l^asslnger ...
IKnoa
Henry
[Ames .i
E. Ross
Heinson
Cannell
iOp.
1
.. 13
•
.. 5
I
S
.. ,10
... 10
.. »
.. 6>
Cl.
T-5
20
9
7
4
7
tr>
30
13
ZOO
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. hi H *j
1055 Perseus, a 107 2 I H 2 4 II
10<3 Storm King, 1 110 3 II 11H 2 3
898 Dolor*. 5 106 4 3 1 3 1 3 1
1060 Wild Het. 5. 106 5 5 S 4 1
1064 Doetown. 5 110 [ 1 4 3 4 1 5
Str.
1 5
25
3 2
4 2
&
Fin.
1 8
2 2
3 i
4 5
S
I Jockey.
Henry
' E. Ross
Buchanan ..
Cannell
I. P0we11....
IQp.
....( «-J
... 7-5
... S
... JO
.„ 2
Cl.
6-5
13-5
30
ICO
11-5
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt. U H % Str.
IMS Captive, a 110 3 1 h 1 ii 114 IS
1049 Opponent. 6 107 4 E 41 2H IH
1070) Catastrophe. < .....114 2 2Hi 24 S3 32
1053 Jennie Reid, 4 105 5 31 31 43 42
958 Hindoo Princess. 3. 94 1 4 h 6 5 • '
Fin.
1 6
2 5
3 3
4 M
J Jockey.
lE. Ross
J. W00d5....
Henry
iEnos
jßassinger ..
lOp. Cl.
t 1
... 8 7
... 1-5 I
... 9 13-5
... 13 13
inaei. xiorse. Age, yveigru. |ai.
102S Ama-a, 5 11l 1
1045 Espirando. 6 118 I
;i032) Morlnpra. 5 114 S
984 Miss Marlon. 4 109 3
960 Royal Prize. 5 114 10 ..;
801 St. Apolllnaris, 4. ..108 4
1063 Afghan, 6 121 7
1044) Torstna. a 11l 5
102S Monda, 4 11l 9
1»< Negligence. « 114 C
1018 Grand Sachem, 6. ..118 U
1054 Bonlbel. 4 106| L«ft ...
1
si is
71 7 1
I 2 It
»1 t 1
42 8 H
5 tj 6 h
3h 4 h
10 3 >
8 H 1*
11 U
air.
1 1
2 h
3 h
4 1
8 1
9 4
10
v
rin. | jocKey. i
\l I. Powell
3 h J. Woods
I Ui {Morgan
4 h Henry
6 4 IH. Shields
( 2 Buchanan ....
7 h Enos
8 1 Ame*
• 5 Macklln
10 2 Glover
n E. Rosa
... [Logue
x-k
up.
t
t
I
5-2
29
10
s-s
19
10
20
15
19
11.
19
15
I
5-3
$0
30
>
10
20
«0
SO
so
Index. Home. Age. Wclght.jSt. <4 H % Str.
967 Sardine. S 100| 1 14 il Fl3 110
1070 Cromwell, a 109 3 2 1 8 H 2 S 13
1073 Fillet dOr, t 90 S 44 46 34 85
678 Ramlet. 4 101 4 54 .54 S8 5*
1061 Alleviate. B 104 2 IH SJ 45 42
IW3 Fiero. 4 103 6 6 6 •« ' >« -
Fin.
1 12
22
3 6
4 1
5 12
6
( Jockey.
Henry
Morgan ....
l»grue
W. Se«
Pcstel
Heinson ....
lOp. a.
.... i-« 1-10
.... 10 25
.... 20 40
.... 20 104
6 10
.... «0 100
inaei. xiorse. Age, yveigru. |ai.
102S Ama-a, 5 11l 1
1045 Espirando. 6 118 I
;i032) Morlnpra. 5 114 S
984 Miss Marlon. 4 109 3
960 Royal Prize. 5 114 10 ..;
801 St. Apolllnaris, 4. ..108 4
1063 Afghan, 6 121 7
1044) Torstna. a 11l 5
102S Monda, 4 11l 9
1»< Negligence. « 114 C
1018 Grand Sachem, 6. ..118 U
1054 Bonlbel. 4 106| L«ft ...
1
si is
71 7 1
I 2 It
»1 t 1
42 8 H
5 tj 6 h
3h 4 h
10 3 >
8 H 1*
11 U
air.
1 1
2 h
3 h
4 1
8 1
9 4
10
v
rin. | jocKey. i
\l I. Powell
3 h J. Woods
I Ui {Morgan
4 h Henry
6 4 IH. Shields
( 2 Buchanan ....
7 h Enos
8 1 Ame*
• 5 Macklln
10 2 Glover
n E. Rosa
... [Logue
x-k
up.
t
t
I
5-2
29
10
s-s
19
10
20
15
19
11.
19
15
I
5-3
$0
30
>
10
20
«0
SO
so
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |Bt. U H
1031 Morella. 3 95 i ~ ft
839 Artilla, 3 101 9 ... n
1069 Bono, S 95 2 . |v
1033 Lew Zara, 3 85 5 ... 1 h
106« My Dear, 4... 107 « ... 3 2
,1031 Coming Event. 3 KM 3 ... 5*4
1028 Swiftwater, S 95 10 ... si
.... Ahwahnee, 3........ 95 n ... 10
979 Red Cherry. 3 .... 95 4 ... n
PCS .lUHoiiette, 3 100 8 ... 12
102S Tanobe, 3 95 7 ... 4 v
965 Florence Fink. 4... .109 12 ... 3 ii
1066 Naples. 4 ......107 13 ... 13
% Str. Jin.
' 31 ... 14.
5 1 ... 2 1
3 b ... Ji,
11 ... 4 5
4 H ... » H
< 1 ... C b
3 1 ... 7 2
I>> ~. 8 3
11 ... » 1
12 ... 10 1
7 % ¦ ... 11
9 1 ... 12
13 . ... 13
( Beltins.
Jockey. |Op. Cl.
H. Stuart 4 «
Henry T-2 %
Buchanan .... • 19
Fauntlsroy ... • 15
Enos S W
O'Brien • 19
Mounc* 5 9-2
Eonner 10 *>
Bassins«r •••- * *
Heinson 19 *J
J.- Daly 20 25
Macklln » »
Cannell *> 1?
index. Horae: Weight. |Sl
(S7l) Rollick 106 5
1062 Florantha 103 2
I 1015) Chaste 101 S
(805) Ir&ta 101 «
1063 Moonbrlsht 101 1
1062 Artena 101 4
1020 Princes* Tltania....lO7 8
941 Loyal S 108 7
1020 Screenwcll Lake 10110
1001 Pegalong 104 »
M, V,
32
: i
1 3
4 H
8 4
6 H
C 1
JH
9 &
10
Str.
32
2 b
1%
5 1
7 1
? V,
«^i
8 4
9 8
10
Fin.
i :
2 1
3 4
* H
5 1
« H
7 2
8 5
9 12
10
I Jockey.
'Morgan
piounce
Burcanan ...
l^asslnger ...
IKnoa
Henry
[Ames .i
E. Ross
Heinson
Cannell
iOp.
1
.. 13
•
.. 5
I
S
.. ,10
... 10
.. »
.. 6>
Cl.
T-5
20
9
7
4
7
tr>
30
13
ZOO
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. hi H *j
1055 Perseus, a 107 2 I H 2 4 II
10<3 Storm King, 1 110 3 II 11H 2 3
898 Dolor*. 5 106 4 3 1 3 1 3 1
1060 Wild Het. 5. 106 5 5 S 4 1
1064 Doetown. 5 110 [ 1 4 3 4 1 5
Str.
1 5
25
3 2
4 2
&
Fin.
1 8
2 2
3 i
4 5
S
I Jockey.
Henry
' E. Ross
Buchanan ..
Cannell
I. P0we11....
IQp.
....( «-J
... 7-5
... S
... JO
.„ 2
Cl.
6-5
13-5
30
ICO
11-5
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. jSt. U H % Str.
IMS Captive, a 110 3 1 h 1 ii 114 IS
1049 Opponent. 6 107 4 E 41 2H IH
1070) Catastrophe. < .....114 2 2Hi 24 S3 32
1053 Jennie Reid, 4 105 5 31 31 43 42
958 Hindoo Princess. 3. 94 1 4 h 6 5 • '
Fin.
1 6
2 5
3 3
4 M
J Jockey.
lE. Ross
J. W00d5....
Henry
iEnos
jßassinger ..
lOp. Cl.
t 1
... 8 7
... 1-5 I
... 9 13-5
... 13 13
Index. Home. Age. Wclght.jSt. <4 H % Str.
967 Sardine. S 100| 1 14 il Fl3 110
1070 Cromwell, a 109 3 2 1 8 H 2 S 13
1073 Fillet dOr, t 90 S 44 46 34 85
678 Ramlet. 4 101 4 54 .54 S8 5*
1061 Alleviate. B 104 2 IH SJ 45 42
IW3 Fiero. 4 103 6 6 6 •« ' >« -
Fin.
1 12
22
3 6
4 1
5 12
6
( Jockey.
Henry
Morgan ....
l»grue
W. Se«
Pcstel
Heinson ....
lOp. a.
.... i-« 1-10
.... 10 25
.... 20 40
.... 20 104
6 10
.... «0 100Captures in Chinatown.
Officer Galli way of Sergeant Shea's
Chinatown squad masqueraded as a Chi
nese last night and captured about thirty
fantan players in a place on Jackson
street. Officer Bailey on Tuesday night
denned the garb of a negro and captured
a number of lottery players.
Ladles' fine kid shoes worth $2 50 for $1 a
pair at the Boston Shoe Co.. Tib Market.*
ton declaring it was all a tissue of lies ex
cept the single fact of the fire. He said
that the Justice of Peace records were not
destroyed;
When Pence asked Simpton if the notary
public before whom he swore to the affi
davit said "So help me God," Simpton
balked, but swallowed the medicine with
the confession of an affirmative.
"Did you notice whether the clerk said
'So help me God' when he swore you In
to-day?" followed up Pence.
"Yes. sir; I did," was the weak answer.
Switching to the Other Side.
"Don't you remember that at the first
visit to my office in January you were
asked if you could remember the mar
riage contract, and that Mrs. Craven
would show it to you when you came
again?" was the next shot.
"I can't recollect," came from the wit
ness. • :v_-:: v_- :
At the next meeting Pence asked him if
he could say whether he had seen it be
fore, and Simpton replied he might have
seen It, but would give no absolute an
swer.
Simpton called upon Pence very soon
after this and showed a willingness to go
on the stand after Mrs. Craven's testi
mony was finished. At the time of the
assault upon Barling. Simpton had been
attending the trial, and in a conversation
with Lafe Pence a means of protection
were prepared for the Sausalito Recorder.
The confinement of Simpton at the Na
varre was gone over again. On the fol
lowing day Simpton entered the court
with Lafe Pence, taking his place at the
table set aside for the petitioner's coun
sel.
"Except the paper you sent to Mr. Foote
on August 8 and the affidavit on the 12th,
had you signed any other papers prior to
the 15th before anybody or to anybody?"
"No, sir."
Here the cross-examination ended, as
the time for adjournment had arrived.
Judge Simpton will take his place upon
the stand this morning at 11 o'clock for
further interrogation. .-.--'-
Original Affidavit
Is Said to Be a
Fraud at the
Start.
Not a Too Positive Story
From the Prime Wit
ness in the Fair Case.
Cross-Examination Is
Now Under Way.
NOT an outburst of lawyer's elo
quence or a single wrathful display
of Invective was heard in the Fair
trißl yesterday afternoon. All was
rober. heavy labor on the part of
the attorneys, for Judge G. W. Simpton
of Sausalito was on the witness stand,
the man v.ho at one time declared that
he had married Mrs. Nettie R. Craven to
Senator Fair in the year 1832.
Simpton was the third witness who was
scheduled to appear for the petitioner,
but at the critical moment went over to
the other side with a tale of falsehood,
chicanery and perjury on his lips. He
stands to-day the central figure In the
case and it is upon his shoulders that the
burden of proof will rest- Judge Simpton
was not absolutely positive about some
things to which he testified. At times he
Bought refuge in the general panacea for
uncomfortable witnesses— the stereotyped
"I don't remember." Like the others who
changed cars in a hurry he admitted that
he dived Into the ocean of falsehood and
tlg-ned a paper under oath that was wov
en out of a skein of falsehood. Simpton
lacked Sylva's positiveness of speech and
manner, yet he showed the same disre
gard for twinges of conscience and vener
ation of Justice. So far there has come
to lig-ht no Joe Harvey In the Sausalito
Recorder's testimony. He has not yet
given utterance to a motive for his
switching, but It may come to-day or to
morrow, for he will surely be kept upon
the stand the rest of the week.
Simpton Tells His Story.
Attorney Knight raised his voice to its
highest pitch and called for Judge Simp
ton, but the Judge came not. It took
some five minutes before the bailiff could
locate the witness, and then the trial be
gan.
George Knight conducted the direct ex
amination, which was Ehort. pithy and
Fpeedy of execution. After the few pre
liminary interrogations the attorney
switched to the matter In hand. His first
material question was about Sirnpton's
nceopancy of the office of Justice of the
Peace and the response was:
"I was Justice of the Peace In Sausa
lito from lbi-S to ISSS."
"Did you ever know Senator Fair in
his lifetime?" interrogated Knight.
"No, tir; I did not."
"Do you know Nettie R. Craven?"
"Yes. Fir; since last July."
Charles Pence then moved to have the
last two answers pponged off the book,
but his argumentative efforts proved fu
tile, and they were allowed to cling to the
record by judicial decision.
"Did you, in Sausalito in July, IS!>2. or
in any other place, perform a marriage
ceremony or n solemnization of a mar
riape ceremony between Mrs. Craven and
Senator Fair?" was the next question.
"No. sir." was the ready answer.
"Have you ever had a conversation with
airs. Craven in regard to an alleged mar
riage between herself and Senator Fair?"
¦ "Yea, sir."
"Where was It and when?"
"Jn Sausallto. the sth day of August,
IS&S. Sylva and I met Mrs. Craven and Du
r.and on the sidewalk." Mrs. Craven shook
me by the hand as if she knew me for
years. She and I walked away from the
others. We sat on the steps of my office
and che asked me if I had se«n Sylva.
6he asked me to say nothing about* this
matter not being the truth. Then we
went to Sylva's house and in the pres
ence of Sylva, Dunand and Mrs. Craven.
Sylva said: 'Rt member, the Judge is to
pel JIO.'XjO for this?'
"I was to testify how I had met Senator
Fair. I had been a conductor and was to
fay I met him on the cars. She wanted
me to oome into court and say I mar
ried her to Senator Fair In 1532."
"When next did you see her?"
"In Pence's office In presence of Lafe
and Charles Pence, who were there a part
cf the thne."
That Marriage Ceremony.
George Knight and all the other Fair
attorneys were heartily satisfied with this
testimony. With a wave of the hand
Knight fairly yelled: "That's all; take the
¦witness;" and Lafe Pence's cross-examin
ation began.
"Are you acquainted with W. W.
Foote?" was Pence's first question.
"I met him twice," came from the wit
ness.
"Wore you acquainted with Senator
Fair?"
"No, sir."
"With Mrs. Craven before August 5?"
"No. sir."
"Do you remember when the marriage
of Mrs. Craven to Senator Fair was made
public?" ¦
"No. I do not."
"I>o you remember having a conversa
tion '*-ith Mrs. Roy in regard to the ma.r
rlatf In 1836. when Mrs. Roy asked you
If >"«-ti believed th«=y were married and you
said: *I not only believe, but I can bet or
swear 10 UT "
"No. s.V."
"Did you not add, 'You know that I am
HENRY C. PAYNE SAYS
McKINLEY WILL WIN
HENRY C. PAYNE of Milwaukee,
- Republican National Committee
man for twenty years and one of
:the shrewdest political managers
in the country, is at the Palace. Although
he has traveled through; nearly every
State In the Union,-,he is on his first .visit
to California. Mr. : Payne ? has come here
to - rest. •! His traveling companions ;. are
Mrs. Payne, Judge James' E. Jenkins of
the United States Court ; of Appeals, Mrs.
Jenkins, Miss Jenkins and Miss Louise
Jones. , Judge Jenkins is also here for his
health. He has ; been threatened with
blindness T' from cataracts on both eyes
and is taking a rest preparatory to under
going an ; operation for their removal. ; , '
¦^ Mr. Payne i 3 a business man, with large
Interests. ;He Is president of an : electric
railway- and lighting corporation in ? Mil
waukee r ana ranks as one of -the foremost
business men in ( the State. His genius for
political "management has made -him ' fa
mous. He first entered actively^ into poll
tics" in Milwaukee in 1572, when he was
made chairman of the Republican ; State
Central Committee.' In 1880^ he became a
member of the Republican National Com
mittee from .Wisconsin, ; and is now{the
oldest member of the committee , In ; point
of service." Since It has been rumored
that Mark Hanna will resign as chairman
of the committee : Mr. : Payne . has 5 been
mentioned . as his ( logical successor. ;
In-an Interview last j night; Mr." Payne
said there ' could be no 'doubt ; that Presi
dent McKlnley would again be the stand
ard-bearer >of the Republican party , and
that ¦ his re-election Is ; a certainty.
'"We can safely reckon s on*, the Pacific
Coast," he said. "We have good prospects
In • Kansas and I am not \ without < hope ; in
Colorado, while there is some ! chance; for
us In Montana, even. I have kect pretty
Two I nsolvents.
jGeorge Newman, involuntary bankrupt
and dealer in ¦ .. general merchandise at
Jackson, Amador . County,', filed | yesterday
in the United States District Court a
statement of his debts and assets. His
liabilities, are $24,937 45 and his assets
$26,873 12. .William H. Richardson, drug
clerk, San Francisco, filed- a petition in
insolvency. His liabilities are $672. He
has no assets..
¦ The choicest club whiskey Is Jesse Moore
"AA," and In club life It is in great demand.
Colonel Bush Gone to Washington.
Colonel Hyman P. Bush, the chief ac
countant of the United States Branch
Mint In this city, accompanied by his
youngest son. Master Arthur Cleveland
Bush, left yesterday morning by the
northern route for the national capital
Colonel Bush, who has been connected
with the United States Government ser
vice during the past fifteen years, was in
vited to Washington by the Secretary of
the Treasury on official business. Whether
the visit has had anything to do with the
late stolen gold or not. could not be
learned. Colonel Bush will represent San
Francisco Grand Lodge of the B'nai
B'rith Association, which meets in Chi
cago the latter part of the present month
Colonel Bush's last visit to Washington
was to see Grover Cleveland Inaugurated
into office on his . first term.
Will Report on Theaters.
At next Monday's meeting of the Su
pervisors Commissioner Manson of the
Board of Public Works expects to file a
report on the present condition of the city
theaters in regard to their exits and fa
cilities for fire protection. He states
that considerable data has been collected
on the subject, and the best of the ordi
nances now, in operation In Eastern cities,
and especially in New ' : York, • will be
drawn upon to prepare necessary legisla
tion to regulate the showhouses. Manson
takes exception to the statement mad© by
Supervisor Brandenstein that "it was as
much asa man's life was worth to go to
some theaters." Manson admits that cer
tain improvements are necessary in the
theaters, but he also calls attention to the
fact that no serious mishaps have so far
occurred.
• They publish for authors. Mysell-Rolllns, 22
Clay. •Modern printers, up-to-date facilities. •
KRELING LEFT ESTATE
OF CONSIDERABLE VALUE
Application Has Been Made, for Let
ters of Administration Upon
the Same.
Charles Krellng yesterday applied for
letters of administration upon the estate
of the late F. W. Krellng, whose myster
ious death in the waters of the bay is
now being investigated. Decedent's es
tate consists of personal effects valued
at $250 and real estate in Brooklyn N V
valued at $15,000. His heirs at law are
Joseph and William Kreling. grandchil
dren, aged 14 and 15 years, who reside In
this city.
Savings and Loan Society
Solicits loans on mortgages or trust deeds
at lowest market rates. 101 Montgomery.*
a Justice of the Peace and when a man
wHlswear It there must be something hi
"No, sir, I did not," was the emphatic
answer. .
"Did you not in the spring or summer of
1896. at 102 O'Farrell street, have a con
versation in which Mr. Faulkner asked
you if they were married and you said,
'I know it?* "
"I may have had that conversation, but
never said that."
"Did you call upon Mr. Faulkner during
the Grand Jury session at his office and
say that you wanted him not to testify
that you had any conversation with Mrs.
Roy and not to say anything about wh.it
you told him in regard to the marriage?"
"I told him the lirst part, but not the
second."
The Original Affidavit.
Simpton was then shown a letter writ
ten by himself to W. "\Y. Foote and the
original affidavit which he made in Foote's
office on August 12.
"When was this letter written?" was
the question from Lafe Pence.
"On August 8, at Sylva's house," said
Simpton.
In this letter Sylva wrote to Foote about
the facts of the alleged marriage and his
long acquaintance with Fair and Mrs.
Craven. - ; ;••.¦:.
Simpton admitted that the contents of
the letter were false, except a few minor
unimportant details.
"How soon after that was it when you
saw Mr. Foote?" inquired Pence.
"On the 11th," answered Simpton.
"You went with Dunand from his of
fice?"
"Yes, sir."
"You received an answer from Mr.
Foote?"
"Yes, sir; I'll bring It with me to-mor
row."
Pence produced a carbon copy of it. In
the letter Foote asked for an interview
vith Simnlon. The next day Simptor. and
Dunand called upon W. \V. Foote at his
office, where the latter put the Sausalito
Recorder through a series of questions,
fiimpton denied that Foote interrogated
him about the time he came to know
Fair, the date of the marriage, the lady
petitioner and other matters relating to
the case.
"Did he ask or suggest the making oi an
affidavit at all?" interrogated Pence. ->• .
"No. sir."
"Did he not dictate the affidavit In your
presence?"
"No. sir."
"After the affidavit was written out, did
you not read it over?"
"Yes, eir."
The affidavit, in referring to the mar
riage, shows a change from "in the year
1802" to "in or about the year 1592," but
Simpton testified that this alteration was
made not in his presence, but that it ap
peared on the paperwhen It was handed to
him. He declared that he refused to sign
the affidavit that day, but would return
on the morrow and sign.it. According to
Simpton the affidavit was brought out to
him from the other room.
I*afe Pence and Siznpton met after the
interview in Foote's office. Dunand was
with Simpton and the three walked down
the street together. Pence then asked
.Simpton if he had not told him about his
friendship with Senator Fair and Mrs.
Craven. Simpton would not commit him
self, but. with the reservation that he
knew it to be a bald, unmitigated lie. he
confessed having- " spoken of this fact' to
somebody, very probably to Mrs. Craven,
who claimed to have met him in the days
gone by, when he was a car driver, at va
rious 'times on th« different roads of the
city. Soon after Simpton was taken with
a gleam of memory, and he admitted that
he made a statement during the walk
down' tho street about his early acquaint
anceship with Fair and Mrs. Craven.
Simpton was very obliging at this point,
saying: "Oh. I'll swear to it to please
you."
."What happened when you came up. the
next day?" continued Pence In cross-ex
amination.
"I read the affidavit. The notary public
was there and I then signed it, leaving
immediately after that."
The i-ffldavlt was read piecemeal, Simp-
tf^""^ "Jly'*" •*"<•''•&< "***y II t^«rtlasslfcs»ssßslfcs»MMMjias»sissss«s»JstsMSil»as»>sfis»»s<sfafcs*^^ j^y €?V^^T*^ ft^j ?*¦-,, 'Jj,jlj..,jjji t' ' "' ' ''"' '¦¦¦"*¦' " ¦¦WiiWMtnili m I— lMSts—flspsMTrTnT^ t^^^^^T* "S
iißo^'two „ Eastern
1 V \ imported french hats cost a deal, of money, but they give us |
s 'IkAIA. ideas, style, chic, daintiness and fashion; for this we pay when we 0
i bu y ii r np° rted models for our milliners to copy : we can pay $50 for |
i .nro jftS§jgffifli french hats and sell them (after our millinery workrooms have copied y
I ;^^^^^^^^ them) for twenty: we charge the difference to "experience ac- |
I count," and from one hat which the french milliner idealized we |
I copy, improve, and all the time economize : it's no*-, even now, |
H too late to order your hat! we show rich Easter hats: seventy ||
I /fif styles, eight and ten dollars, §J
1 <Nrlj^( fif^L chie?s " and as much hsgher aS yy ° U I
9 The!)^.;.''/ v AoSCi3. CX^^T f r Easter we of- w * sn » or the trimmings swell M
H ' iJHIYv*-^ 50 doz:ri ladles' the bill. H
i ''tV*- /-^^i^^j^K white Swl3s hand- H
I t Y/I]f Im* 1 * vaVenciennss perfumepy|
1 Eton \r^/!feg^^ "i Richard Hud- j
H /PI? 1 :«^i^<-^ \A i^m fects. also embrol- ei^CJ ipj P\ nut's famous 9
1 (OW/YC\ i aCketS • xAS< d«ed scalloped **^y? 3. \4 o*°™' "'^ cf i
" Q fMx%F\? double breasted: ' > edges 35c «/ /C\^ the valley. Iris, \\
: B JdFpMjA* collars and rcvers ap- -m. *^>\_ wood violet and H
iOEV'P P»^ e d ani jackets ft# waists SWKt ?£!££ 1
1 7 UIW full silk taffeta lined JS-ZST WaiSt ® ¦ WP« oz SOc |
i^- X throughout Bi2 /^^ ora i:» y fa a n n cy 6^
I . i^y\P^ms9 waists: tuckrd, cord- ribbon*? £i
=^i. Umbrellas @V ed, plaited, appliqued : /s&s& jtr^ * 7, .v H
\r^^tp?' k - ; latest shades and in Jft vSfyri .»~ / *?£ * M
I y^TJ^\ 26-inch gloria ail sizes $7.50 &f£&sL 'EJna May" scarf H
/i/^^sllk. steel -rod Srfed Sff Sit xt I
!ifNi<ff ] m:d, silk covers ) ~^^ m °° D oool> 2^ fe^^^^^ (ws make fancy 11
( >L $2,001 935-947 Market Street. neckwear to order.) g
gjj?'"^ less than eight years In San Frands-o and we are building our OWN store: the only dry- ¦ W;.S?H
PP ; ;.;..^| goods store Ip^hls city owplng Us store, "good goods" a fair prices does It for us. r^—*^
TRIES TO KILL
COMPANION OF
A TRUANT WIFE
. . ¦ '• » . ;
A Tragedy Averted by ' the
Coolness ; of a State
Policeman.
Mrs. de la Monte Buns Away From
Benicia and Is Overtaken in
. This City by Her Irate
\-/- Husband. ¦¦¦:
There was a scene of Intense excitement
on Clay street wharf yesterday in which
a runaway wife, her alleged lover, her
husband and W7 Ingram of the State Har
bor Police were mixed up. ' Had It not
been for the Intervention of the policeman
the reputed lover would have lost the
number of his mess, and as it is he will
bear the marks of the encounter for sev
eral days to come. The fight was a fierce
and bloody one while If lasted and the
woman almost fainted when her husband
knocked her lover down and then at
tempted to kill him.
A few days ago Jean de la Monte was
the happiest man in Benlcia. He was
fairly well to do, had a young wife whom
he adored and \ a friend who was unto
him like a brother. The friend, Victor
r^unez, had fallen upon evil days and
about six months ago he was stranded In
Napa without the wherewith to buy a
glass of wine. He wrote to his friend, De
la Monte, and the latter brought him to
Benicia, fed- and clothed him and finally
got him a Job.
According to De la Monte, Victor lodged
with him, and as the months passed be
gan to take an especial^ interest in
Mrs. de la Monte. De la Monte was the
last to notice what was going on, and had
he found his wife alone on Clay street
wharf yesterday he would have gone
down on his knees to her and asked her to
return home. Instead he found her with
Nunez.
After separating- the men. Officer Ing
ram tried*to appease the husband's wrath,
but failed completely. He would not even
give the woman carfare nor would he per
mit her to get anything In his name. To
Ingram he told the following story and
every time he had to mention his wife's
name he would shake his finger In her
direction, while the mention of his rival
caused hia hand to wander to a sheath
knife he carried in his belt:
"Nunez and my wife ran away on the
steamer Dauntless," said he. "She went
to the grocer and borrowed $7, saying I
wanted it. Then she packed her trunk
and shipped it under the name of Elvira
Mazzola.- That was her name before I
married her. When the grocer told me
of her having borrowed the money I hur
ried home and only then I discovered that
she had fled. I Immediately took the
train for San Francisco and caught them
both on the wharf. I will surely kill Nu
nez if I catch him, and my wife I never
want to see again. Victor I treated like a
brother and everything I had was his al
ways excepting my wife. Her he stole
from me and now I want revenge."
Ofticer Ingram took Mrs. de la Monte
to. the Lombard Hotel on Pacific street
and left her with some friends. When
he came out of 'the building he met the
husband on the street. Monte said he
was going to keep watch, as he thought
Nunez might return, and he wanted
to catch him. Ingram warned him to do
no violence, and said the best thing he
could do would be to go back to Benlcia
and forget all- about his wife and his
faithless friend.
Mrs. de la Monte has a different story
to tell apropos of her sudden departure
from Benicia,' and it is a tale altogether
unlike that told by her irate spouse.
"I did not run away from home with
Victor Nunez,' she said. "My husband
! treated me shamefully, and as I could no
longer endure his cruelty I determined to
leave him. I decided to come to this city
and get- some work to do. On the boat I
met Nunez. He had no Idea that I was
coming to town, and I was astonished to
see him. Our meeting was purely acci
dental. I believe that my husband Is now
convinced that I did not run off with
Nunez, and that he has gone quietly back
to Benicia and the tannery, where he is
employed."
Last evening Nunez was about the Lom
bard! Hotel in a glorious frame of mind
and with quarts of home-made wine surg
ing madly In his brain. He was, however,
only allowed the' privileges of the bar. the
Lombardl bonlface denying him the pleas
ure of occupying a room under the same
roof with Mrs. do la Monte.
Hales.
Hales.
SIMPTON FOLLOWS IN THE
WAKE OF ADOLPH SYLVA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 12, 1900.
Hales.
JUDGE G. W. SIMPTON OF SAUSALITO ON THE STAN D.,
|wi It a ¦wonderful how a healthy out-of-doors boy can go through clothes. K§S
uf§| Rut there's little economy In buying cheap clothes— wearable kinds go Km
fggs fast onouph— so be «ure you choose a dependable sf ~e. ' IsSa
F'ii LITTLE EASTER SUlTS— Tweeds, cheviots. ./orsteds— wearable , bS"
KBa fabrics: checks, stripes — won't show dust; or solid colors — for Sunday; Ba
B£| sailor suits or middles, with fancy vests; or double-breasted suits. An J&3
112] excellent line In a beautifully lighted department makes easy choos- leg
j|33 ing. Most any price. . trt
g* BLOUSE WAISTS — Half a hundred kinds. . Percales, dimities and H»
fiS crashes predominate. Sailor knots and sailor collars. A wonderful as- EpS
&£t sortment, &0c to $2 50. §5 9
1 THE RED FRONT, I
£;£ A. J. PRAGER & SONS, |||
hf. CLOTHIERS-HATTERS-FURNISHERS ¦»§
H 857-859 MARKET. :U
THREE PHILIPPINE
COMMISSIONERS HERE
THREE of the four Philippine Com
missioners frcm e*st of the Rockies
arrived in the city yesterday and
are quartered with their families at
the Palace. They are Judge Wil
liam' H. Taft of Cincinnati, chairman of
the commission;. Professor Dean c.. Wor
cester of Michigan, and Judge Luke *..
Wright of Memphis. The fourth Eastern
member, Henry C. Ide of Vermont, is ex
pected to arrive this morning. They will
afl meet to-day at the University Club,
where a luncheon is to be given In theh
honor by Professor Bernard Moses, aftei
which they will hold a formal meeting to
elect a secretary. Charles N. Pepper, thu
noted correspondent, was appointed secre
tary some time ago. but declined the
honor. His successor will be named to-
The Commissioners expect to sail for
Manila on the transport Hancock about
the 16th Inst. They are all accompanied
by . their families. The clerical force to
accompany the commission consists of a
secretary, - assistant secretary. Spanish
secretary, translator and a private secre
tary for each member. There will be
forty-three people In the party. The ladles
and children are to be left at Yokohama
for a month, until the Commissioners
have secured houses and made everything
ready for their comfort.
Of the five Commissioners Professor
Worcester Is the only one who has ever
been in the Philippines. He was a mem
ber of the last commission, and spent some
time there with the army. Prior to that
time he made two scientific expeditions
Into the islands— the first In 1887 and the
last in 1891, on which occasion he remained
three years. He has held the chair of as
sistant professor of zoology at Ann Arbor
University, but recently resigned the po
sition. He has published a book on the
Islands, which has proved very valuable.
Cnairman Taft is probably the beat
known man on the commission. During
the past eight years he has been United
States Circuit Judge of the Sixth District,
with his home at Cincinnati, but resigned
his position in order. to give all his time
to this important work. Prior to his ap
pointment to the bench of the United
States Circuit Court Judge Taft was So
licitor General of the United States for two
years, and, before receiving that appoint
ment was for many years a Judge In the
Superior Courts of Ohio. Judge Taft is
accompanied by his wife and three chil
dren, the oldest, a boy of 10, and his sis
ter-in-law, Miss Hei ron.
"I do not care to discuss the Philippine
question'- In a newspaper Interview." said
Judge Taft yesterday, "for what I. have t<*
say must be said with great care. I have
made but one speech , on the subject, at
Cincinnati on March 6, and at that time I
expressed my sentiments. I am to make
one to-morrow night at the banquet. I be
lieve, so that will be suffldert. I do not
care to talk on politics at all, for I have
enough on my hands now."
Following Is an excerpt from the speech
made by Judge Taft at Cincinnati on
March 5. in which he states his position
at the present time:
I am not now and never, have. . been an
expansionist. I have • always hoped that
the Jurisdiction of our nation would not
extend' beyond the territory between the
two oceans. We have not solved all the
problems of popular government so perfectly
as to justify our voluntarily seeking- more
difficult ones abroad. We have not volun
tarlly sought them. Circumstances beyond
our control, the sequel of the Spanish war.
have thrust, on us responsibility for the
future government of the Philippines. The
proposition Is vigorously denied by high
minded and conscientious men and by some
with a fury of superlative and epithet that
Is hardly consistent with a judicial attitude
or an impartial consideration of the ques
tion. '
My conviction is that the calm Investiga
tion of the. future historian into all the
conditions existing at the time of taking
each step toward the present situation in
the Philippines will lead him to conclude
that President McKlnley and . his adminis
tration selected in each crisis the only al
ternative which a due regard to our nation
al and international obligations would per
mit.
Judge Wright is one of the ablest law
yers ¦ In the South, and is well fitted for
the Important work for which he hds been
selected. He "did not care last night to
discuss the Philippine question.
To-night the Commissioners will be ban
queted at the Palace Hotel by friends of
Professor Moses. Over 300 Invitations
have been Issued.
12
HENRY C; PAYNE.
well posted,', and I cannot see how defeat
Is . possible. - i We . are ; on the , threshold o{
ari era ; of very j great • prosperity and •; I[ do
not; 6ee ' how '. the people 'can', make ; a mls-
JUDGE W. H. TAFT.
GROUNDING DEVICE
TO PROTECT FIREMEN
The Electric Car Companies Agre* to
Its Use After a Second
Alarm.
, Representatives of the Market-street
and San Mateo electric roads appeared
before the Board of Fir© " Commissioners
yesterday to discuss. the adoption of the
grounding device submitted by Chief Elec
trician Hewitt, to prevent the. possibility
of Injury, to firemen through broken wires
at a fire. It was agreed that In air fires
after a second alarm the device should be
used but the companies' representatives
said that - Immediately on notification at
the power-house the engineer would shut
off the current. .
F H. Kenny, hoseman of engine 4, was
charged with" neglect of duty and drunk
enness. He was stationed at the Grand
Opera-house during the performance and
was found asleep in his chair. He pleaded
that he had been- constantly on duty for
thirty-six hours,' but that was not deemed
an excuse, and he was fined thirty days'
pay," the - lightness of - the penalty being
Sue- to his previous good. character. The
PMiS $4! UP.
';¦:... : -i; We -extract your teeth painlessly by electricity
. or gas free of charge when plates are ordered.
THREE SKILLED MECHANICS
DOING PLATE WORK ALONE.
10 Years' Guarantee.
• »•••»•»• * • * • 0 m • • • • •
t " Evening uhUl 9. Sundays all..; «\7SA IVJ '\7 D 4~\ f\ ]*Jl »
' .' day. .Written guarantee 10 yrs.',, - ' - V"AIN — V IV vJvJ/Yl -
' Full Set of Teeth, pain- : h ." , v-r * ' *
•>< less extractions free..£4.OO up: < ; ._•. . _J (OUR NEW HOME).
1 Gold Crowns.* 22-k......; 3.50 up < ?• :'•,. .„—.-..;- ..-•
iFinings ................. -25c up J 1001 Market Street,
•"„ .Teeth .Without, Plates /Our f. «TVurV. ' ' «••- '.- '
I "Specialty. We jrlve gas. / J ' S.;W. Corner Stxth.
? ViVi'h »•?—-¦¦¦« 00« » > . SEE ELECTRIC DISPLAY. .,
The Large 313 1 Office West ol Chicago.
charge of drunkenness . was dismissed.
A letter was read from Korbell Broth
ers.* box manufacturers. 723 Bryant street.
Inclosing a check for $100 to the Firemen's
Mutual Aid Society fund as an apprecia
tion of the successful efforts of the nre
men on Sunday last to save their box
factory.
.¦¦¦-••¦• •; ¦ m .
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One doae will stop
1 couch. Never falls. Try It. All druggists. *
¦;¦-.-¦ « m ¦
TOLD THE BLESSED
VIRGIN'S SORROWS
Special sendees were held In St. Francis
Church on Montgomery avenue and Va-
IMejo street last evening. After rosary
and benediction of, the blessed sacrament
a sermon was preached by Rev. Father
ZJaraher. His subject was: "The Dolorous
Mother From the Temple to the Tomb"
Father Caraher traced the Blessed Vlr
?ln In her sorrows from the day she pre
sented the Savior In the Temple, when
iged Simeon uttered prophecies, until she
juried him In the sepulchre.
After the services a number of relics
ncluding a picture of the crucifixion, were
•xhlbited.
3-Day Specials I
. THURSDAY, FBIDAY, SATOBDAY.
THE MOST GOOD GOODS FOR THE
LEAST MONEY.
WHITE WINE, gallon 400
A delicious tabla wla«, well **cd. •
Regularly 75c. ¦
SALAD DRESSING, b0tt1e.... 25c
Mad« from th» best ingredient!
by Mr*. Heennaa.
Regularly SOc.
H-0 BUCKWHEAT, pkg 150
A packags of H-O. Oati given frw
with each packag* of Buckwheat.
MAPLE SYRUP, pt bot 20c, qt bot 35q
M . a w e J n ve«noat-<lellclou»v e«noat-<lellclou»
with hot cakes.
Regularly 25c and Me
WHISKEY, bot 75c, 3 b0t5.. 52.00
The celebrated E. C^B?^ 0 "
spring '90 Bourbon.
Regularly ll.co and |4.0 C
WITCH HAZEL, bot 250
Relieves and cures
Cuts and wounds.
CRYSTALLIZED GINGER, 2 lbs 25c
Regularly 20c
CHOICE CREAMERY BUTTER,
2 squares.. ._ IL . 650
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED
CATALOGUE FR EE.
39 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
PO YOU WANT A CORE?
'_V M Catarrh.
g^kß Deafness,
ca f=a \Vffi NOISE 3 IN EARS. THROAT
4=» *X^j/ and LU *G DISEASE ? If *?
gi^ m^ use m y NEW ANTISEPTIC
cae SS jf • treatment. It gives no pain
vS^T^^a or ln J ur y- 1 » 3000 teat caa«*
SHJr^^^ga over 95 p«r cent cured. Hua-
§S*V^ jigL • dre<J» ot letters of endors*.
SgSr J§g*A.' merits.
£j£la' PPPP An honest trial of
*?V /55sff3 nuc «ne ws ek irtven to
1 : show the sur«rlor merit of
it this new treatment. Do not
i&i^t srssr&wWi .•""•¦
DR. COTTINGHAM,
204 Sutter St., NW. Cor. Kearny.
HOURS— 9-i; a. in.. 1-3 and 7-3 p. m.
CARFETSI
LAID AND ¦¦¦I, ¦ jr^
LINED THIS F*^ M\
week for a m jirtc
50 Patterns M B W
From.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
tOt7 - t033 MISSION STntZCT.
ABOVK SIXTH.
Flans South 14. B*n Trc&etro
ILiiALL'S£HNYiQORATOR??^^
Fivs hundred reward for any t^Sg' Ss£
ase w« cannot curs. This secret t* *¦?]
tmrty ttops a! 5 lone* in - 14 T : '+ -' i
our*. • cure* , Emlaatoca, lrapo- XSJi "3T
tncy. Varleocele. Uonorrhoea. TJfl SttT
siett. -Fits. Btrlctnn>«. Lost fli*U Ug&
lanacnd and all waiting effects t*s3 MSg
t »eir-abus« or ezceaaaa. Sent r^~z~~, T
eaUd. (2 bottle: 3 bottles, %ii roaraats«4 t>
ure any case. Address HaLl'9 MKIHCAX. LN-
.TITUTE. S£s Bro<KV*ay. Oakland. CaL Alas
or sal* at 1073% Market it. 9. V. All private
Useaaca quickly cured. Seed for fre« book.