ST. LOUIS. May 9.— A special fo the
Post-Dispatch from Bloomlngton, 111.,
says: Colonel Leander Dyer, a promi
nent member of the Grand Army of the
Republic, died to-day, aged 5S years. He
was Consul at Odessa. Russia, for twelve
years, having been appointed to that po
sition by President Grant, and was Post
master of Memphis under Harrison. Dur
ing the Civil War Colonel Dyer com
manded a Missouri reirtment in the "Un
ion array. A widow aim five -children cur
vive Colonel Dyer, who was a native of
Cincinnati.
Colonel I/eander Dyer Bead.
The Cubans do not say much regarding
the disclosures, but they smile derisively
at the development of a large defalcation
— fraud that must have continued for a
year — in the department which is most
often pointed out as an illustration of the
political honesty which the Americans
came to Cuba to inculcate.
HAVANA, May 9.— Further investiga
tion into the postal frauds shows it to be
almost impossible that Neely could havo
committed them alone. It Is now believed
that sufficient evidence will soon be forth
coming to warrant other arrests.
Had Accomplices.
Now Believed That Neely Must Have
FRAUDS. IN CUBA.
In this way and after a most stubborn
and persistent crusade by The Call a
great reform has been made In the Chi
nese traffic, which was disgracing the ad
ministration* of. Collector, j- Jackson -and
doing serious injury to the people of the
city and the State. Chinese yellow "citl-
"I suppose you have heard that The
Call has won its fight?" said Collector
Jackson in discussing the order which he
had received yesterday from Washington.
"I will obey the command of the Treas
ury," he continued. "Native-born Chi
nese immigrants will be examined on
board the steamer by the Chinese Bureau
as usual. Native-born Chinese come to
this port without certificates of any kind,
but they will be examined, nevertheless."
The importance of this victory cannot
be overestimated, for if Federal officials
be honest and vigilant in the performance
of their duties the tremendous and lucra
tive traffic in Chinese "native sons" has
been killed after the grossest frauds have
stained an administration in the city. The
orders to Collector Jackson to examine
Chinese native-born cases as hitherto
came yesterday morning from the Solici
tor of the United States treasury, who
based his command upon section 9 of the
act of 1SS2, which is known as the exclu
sion act. This section, which is of deep
significance to the people of this city not
only In this aspect but in another} equally
Important, reads as follows:
Section 9— That before any Chinese pas
sengers are landed from any such vessel
the Collector or his deputy shall proceed
to examine such passengers, comparing
the certificates with the list and with the
passengers; and no passengers shall bo
allowed to land in the United States from
such vessel in violation of law.
COLONEL JOHN P. JACKSON, Col
lector of the Port, has been com
manded by his superiors at Wash
ington to do what this paper urged
him to do and fo perform the duty which
United States District Attorney Frank L.
Coombs threatened to force him to per
form — hear preliminarily the cases of Chi
nese "native sons" before they leave the
vessel upon which they arrive. By orders
from Washington, received yesterday by
the Collector of the Port, a great victory
has been won over the corrupt ring which
is manufacturing "native-born citizens"
out of yellow coolies. Collector Jackson
has now but to keep the solemn promise
which he has made to the public, and
after securing the statements of coolie
"citizens." remand them to the United
States courts, where the question of their
nativity will be determined according to
law and in Justice to the evidence pre
sented.-
Receives Peremptory Orders From Washington
to Examine Coolie "Native Sons"— Hundreds
Eager to Enter Detention Shed.
COLLECTOR JACKSON MUST AID
THE UNITED STATES COURTS
HAWAIIAN BARK IOLANI SUNK
BY THE ARGUS DURING A STORM
Passengers Aroused From Their Slumbers by the
Crashing of Timbers, but Were Saved
TTXT *i1 jl f*
With the Crew.
NAPLES, May: 9.— The activity of
Vesuvius is becoming more for
midable and the observatory offi
cials announce that the seismic
instruments are extremely agi
tated. A thick column of smoke Is issuing
from the crater and the earthshakes are
violent.
The cablecar service up Mount Vesuvius
has been suspended In consequence of
eruptions. Four Englishmen attempted
to ascend the mountain on foot, and, elud
ing the vigilance of the carbineers, who
form a cordon at a height beyond which
the ascent is considered unsafe,, they ap
proached the summit. Suddenly the vol
cano belched forth a stream of lava and
stones, which descended upon the fool
hardy tourists, who were rescued in a
terribly bruised condition.
Foolhardy Englishmen Elude the
Vigilance of Soldier Guards and
Have a Most Thrilling
Experience.
Avalanche of Lava and
Stones Descends Upon
a Party.
VESUVIUS
BOMBARDS
TOURISTS
Said to Have Finally and Emphati
cally Refused" to Bun for Vice
President.
Special Diapatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Attempts are
being made to create the Impression that
President McKlnley and Governor Roose
velt of New York are not on friendly
terms. To-day Governor Roosevelt called
upon President McKlnley, by whom he
was received with cordiality that almost
amounted to effusiveness. When the two
met there was quick, warm grasp of
hands, and with the first exchange of
greetings all formality ceased. The
President has not urged nor will he urge
Governor Roosevelt to accept the Vice
Presidential nomination. From an au
thoritative source Information has been
-received that there has not been any hint
at any bargain, nor will any political
agreement be discussed. Governor Roose
velt has never for an instant thought of
seeking the Presidents support for his
: own candidacy in 1M4.
For reasons best understood by them
; selves no conference was held to-day by
Senators Platt. Hanna and Lodge and
Governor Roosevelt. The Governor did
not go to the Capitol, .but he • did meet
GOVERNOR ROOSEVELT'S
WASHINGTON MISSION
Senators Platt and Hanna in the Arling
ton Hotel and afterward had a long con
sultation with Senator I^odge. What the
subject of '.discussion waa must remain a
matter of conjecture. Senator Platt says
it waa general, Senator Hanna says "the
weather" and Senator Lodge says it* was
the social aspect of Roosevelt's visit. Tho
Governor says no particular subject was
discussed.
"We just talked." he adds.
One who Is on term3 of personal friend
ship with all asserts that they did dis
cuss the Vice Presidency and that Sena
tor Lodge again vainly urged Governor
Roosevelt to place hlm.<elf in a more re
ceptive attitude/ The Governor -not onlv
refused to do this. but. it is said, refused
to express his preference concerning those
who aspire to nomination.
DOLE CONFIRMED AS
GOVERNOR OF HAWAII
Henry E. Cooper Now Secretary of
State of ' the New De
pendency.
. WASHINGTON. May 9.— The Senate has
confirmed the following nominations:
S. B.' Dole to be Governor of' and Henry E
Cooper to tx> Secretary of Hawaii.
B. H. BeliOTva of Washington to be Consul
General at Yokohama, Japan.
J. M. Oat to be Postmaster at Honolulu.
BIG BLAZE AT MUSKOGEE.
Five Men Injured and Entire Town
Narrowly Escapes Destruction.
Special DIsratch to The Call.
MUSKOGEE, I. T.. May 9.— At 3 o*clock
this morning fire broke out In the busi
ness portion of the city, destroying ten
frame business houses, causing a loss of
$25,000. and but for the efforts of tho Fire
Department tho town would have been
destroyed. The losers are P. Porter &
Co., J. Anspach, Mrs. Crabtree, ¦W. Mills
P. Reid,. Tom McDaniels. Robert Fike A
B Estes, Peterman & Reaves and J H*
Corbutt.
No lives were lost, but Chief Selklngs
Foreman F. Swift. George Glvins, Hans'
Carter and John LJeber of the Fire De
partment were injured by the flames
There was $10,000 insurance on the prop
erty burned.
NOTED CHIEF BAPTIZED.
olic Faith.
Two Strikes Beceived Into the Cath-
SIOUX FALLS. S. D., May 9.— Bishop
Thomas O'Gorman, Just returned from
the Rosebud Indian Agency, brings news
that he has baptized into the Catholic
faith the fierce old Sioux chief. Two
Strikes. He is 80 years of age and in his
day scalped many a white man. Bent
with age, with watery eyes and wrin
kled face, he knelt at the chancel rail
and received the sacrament. He was one
of a class of 150.
Delegates to Sacramento.
Special Dispatch to The Call
JACKSON, May 9.— The following are
the regularly chosen delegates to repre
sent Amador County at the Republican
State and district conventions at Sacra
mento on the 15th: John F. '." Davis, • at
large; E. C. Voorhles, S. K.' Thornton, W,
A. Newcum, F. L. Stewart and F. M.
Whltmore. ...,, ,, r .,
Shaded Portions of Diagram Show Lots Already Bought by Southern Pacific. \
It is said that the property that has
come into the possession of the Southern
Pacific Company was bought for it by an
Eastern real estate man named Davis,
who is entirely unknown In this city and
was probably brought out from New Yoik
by C. P. Huntlngton. The secrecy with
which the purchases have been made can
be best illustrated by the fact that owners
of adjoining pieces; of property have sold
to the mysterious agent- each without the
other knowing of It and that wily brokers
who have 1 sold for clients to the Eastern
great corporation desired to add to its
holdings. All unconscious that' they were
selling' to the railroad company or that
the property of their nfeiglibors all around
them was being gathered in by the same
purchaser, property owners have been
selling almost dally and piece after *piece
has gradually and quietly come into' the
possession of the Kentucky corporation.
through his absolute fidelity to duty and
largely through his own unaided efforts
in cross-examination. In nearly every
case he has been able to trap the yellow
impostors through the statements which
they made to the officers of the Chinese
Bureau on board ship. By command of
the Solicitor of the Treasury th«»e state
ments ¦will continue to be taken and will
serve as a great check upon fraud. Chi
nese witnesses are not anxious to go to
the penitentiary, and lawyers dealing in
Chinese are hot eager to stand the conse
quences of supplying perjured testimony.
The notorious "coaching" which has been
made in several law offices on Montgom
.ery street will probably cease.
In order that the effect of the splendid
victory may not be lost and that the
courts may be assisted in every possible
way United States Attorney Frank . L.
Coombs asked Chief Dunn of the Chinese
¦Bureau yesterday for a copy of every
statement made by every alleged native
born on board ship. ¦ These copies are
asked for in order that the District Attor
ney may prepare himself for each case be
fore it is called up by United States Com
missioner Heacock. There is no doubt
that Chief Dunn will comply with the re
quest.
¦ The consideration - of Chinese "native
born citizens" • will be resumed therefore
upon a newer, cleaner and better basis.
The yellow "natives", will be thoroughly
and critically examined on board the ves
sel upon which they arrive. Their state
ments will be transcribed and when the
applicants come before Collector of the
Port John P. Jackson he. In obedience to
his solemn promise., will refuse to land
them.'for by landing them he v makes them
American citizens. Collector Jackson will
order them sent back to China and their
interesting attorneys will be forced to get
out writs of habeas corpus and ri-tht tno
cases In conrt before United States Com
missioner Heacock. ! •
It is fortunate for Collector Jackson
that he will not have to determine the
citizenship of coolie "native sona" againa:
his wishes; The decision of the Solicitor
of the Treasury does no 'more than to
compel Collector Jackson to examine
these "natives." The Collector possesses
still the absolute power to remand them
and that means simply, under the new
conditions, that he still has the power to
carry out his expressed and emphatically
avowed wishes to turn all of these "na
tive son" cases over to the courts for
linal determination.
• Collector Jackson has said that the cre
ation of American native-born citizens is
altogether too serious a duty for him to
undertake/ It la better done and more
thoroughly considered in court and there
no doubt the Collector will see that it is
done. Collector Jackson has said that he
had no doubt that fraud i3 a constituent
element in the handling of "native son"
cases and that he would be extremely glad
to be' rid of the whole business. It 13 for
tunate that he can satisfy hla wish. By
remanding the Chinese "native sons' to
China after preliminary examination he
forces all Celestial "citizens" who want
to remain In the United States Into the
Federal courts.
There is still another phase of this
great question which remains unsatisfac
tory and unsettled. There are still scores
of Chinese in the detention shed on the
Mall dock, remaining there contrary to
law but as a source of great profit to the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company. How
long does Collector Jackson Intend to per
mit these Chinese to remain there? Un
der what possible construction of the law
can he under any circumstance permit a
coolie to leave the vessel except by writ
of habeas corpus when he claims to be &
"native born"? The Treasury Depart
ment has ruled that Chinese aliens may
be placed temporarily on the dock •when
the steamship company binds Itself to pay
$500 for the loss of every Chinese.
That Is a cheap way of landing coolies,
but does Collector Jacksonl think that
when the Treasury Department said that
Chinese aliens may be placed temporarily
on the dock it meant that coolies could
be placed for an Indefinite time on shore?
It will be Interesting to know Just how
long the Collector intends to permit these
aliens to remain on American soil.
The Coptic Is scheduled to sail
from San Francisco at 1 o'clock to
morrow afternoon. She has on
board more than 400 Chinese. Does
Collector Jackson intend to permit all of
these coolies, "native sons" and the rest
to march on shore and allow the ship to
go to sea without them? Section 9 of the
act of 1SS2 says that "no passengers shall
be allowed to land In the United States
from s«uch vessel in violation of law." The
meaning of the clause seems very plain.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Corapany
charges each of its yellow boarders on
the dock 50 cents a day. The addition of
400 boarders will mean an Increase of COO
a dav or JSrtCO a month in revenue to the
Pacific Mall. Does Collector Jackson In
tend to allow the Coptic to sail without
the coolies who have not been landed by
due process of law 1
WORKING with marvelous se
crecy, the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company has for some days
been acquiring Immense real es
tate holdings within the confines of
four blocks near its present Third and
Townsend streets terminus, and it is
working to secure more, doubtless with
the intention of acquiring the four blocks
entire and perhaps other blocks adjoining.
It is the intention of the com
pany to use the land thus acquired
as a site for .the terminus of ..its
southern lines. The deal is one of first
magnitude and the account of it published
by The Call this morning will create a
sensation in the business world, and es
pecially among realty owners and dealers!
Not only must the railroad company pay
a vast sum for the various plece3 of land,
valuable as manufacturing and warehouse
sites, but r hundreds of thousands of dol
lars' worth of buildings and machinery
plants' must, be removed 'before the prop-
erty will be ready for the depot buildings,
tracks and whatever else goes to euulp
the busy passenger terminal site of a
great railroad.
So Important has the deal been consid
ered that. Collls P. Huntlngton has given
his personal attention to the details of it.
No local man has been allowed to ap
proach any of the property owners, how
ever, in the matter of buying their hold
ings. It was doubtless feared by the rail
road people that if it became known that
the Southern Pacific Company was after
this property prices would Jump to a very
high figure.
• So fearful has been the president of the
Southern Pacific of the- fact that his com
pany, was after the property leaking out
that he has. not gone near the coveted
blocks in the daytime, but made an in
spection .of- them after nightfall. Hla
nephew, Henry E. Huntlngton, also made'
night visits to the locality and sized up"
the various pieces of property that the
. Continued on Second Pago.
The Argus left Port Los Angeles on
A-prll 21 in ballast. She was under char
ter to load wheat on the Columbia River
for Europe and was on her way up the
coast when the collision took place. The
Iolani left Hllo, H. I., on April 15 and
made a good run from the islands or else
she would never have been in the track
of the Argus.
Ever Eince her purchase she has been
carrying iupar from the islands to San
Francisco under Welch & Co.'s flag. SHe
was built in 3876' by Harland & Wolff in.
Belfast, and was 1178 tons net burden,"'22C
j feet lone, 34 feet 8 Inches beam and 21
I feet 5 inches deep. She carried a cargo
| of sugar valued at $100,000, and the total
i loss will be in the neighborhood of a quar
| ter of a million.
;. The Argus is an Iron ship of 1543 tons
j net burden and was built on the Clyde in
ilSTS by Barclay, Curie & Co. of Glasgow.
j Sho Is 205 feet 5 inches long, 38 feet 7
i Inches beam and 23 feet 1 inch deep, and
I is owned by the Argus Sailing Company
(J. S. Ritchie) of LJverpool.
The Iolani was formerly the British ship
Thurland Castle. She was purchased a
few years ago by Welch & Co. of San
Francisco, but In order to obtain a Ha
waiian registry she appears in Lloyd's
under the ownership of C. Brewer & Co.
Mrs. Woodman was cool and collected
throughout her thrilling experience and
was of much assistance in launching the
boat. The passengers speak in the high
est terms of the bravery of the Iolani's
crew, vrho quietly- obeyed orders and at
all times were collected. When the boat
was launched they stood aside while the
passengers* were placed into it and at no
lime was there the least undue excite
ment. Captain MeCIure was the last man
to leave ihe.ship.
folanl. but were well cared for by Cap
tain Gibson of the Argus.
Epee'.al Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or.. May 9.— On the night
of Mfcy 3 (be Hawaiian binfc Iolanl.
bound frcm HIlo' for S;in Francisco,
collided' with the British ship Ar
gus. 3*he -Iolani was badly dam
aged and par.k within fifteen minutes.
jifr . passengers and- crew, numbering
ninety n persons, were paved. The story
£* the d!saster*r?achcd this city when the
Argus arrived In- port to-flay with' the
r-oKser.gers and *crr-w of the wrecked ves
sel.
The Iolani was sugar-laden ar.d on the
rigrit of May 8 Tjrew'f "^ a hcary rain
storm. The, rain came in squall? and at
times the lookout was unable to see. fifty
f'-*i ahead. About midnight during one of
the squalls the Argus Fuddenly loomed up
In the- darkness; bearing down on the
bark'. The pecor.d mate of the Iolani was
on watch and hailed the Argus, both ves
fr\F putting their helms hard down. It
was impossible to avoid the collision,
however, ar.d the bis: Britisher struck the
bark first cn:!<5shlps and then aft.
"I was below at the time," paid Cap
tahi McClure of the Iolani, "but the cry of
the lookout awakened me. and I peached
the deck Just as the vessels struck. After
etrlking us" the first time the shock sent
the Argus back and she struck us again,
tearing away a portion of the stern. We
at once examined the vessel, but could
I'.nd no damage except aft, and for a
Jew minutes I thought the bark was all
right. To mnke pure we examined below,
end discovered five feet of water in the
hold. The ship was sinking rapidly, too.
Ther* was no time to attempt to save
Bnything, and I ordered the boats lowered.
We manap<d to get one Into the water,
but the chiy was po low that the others
could not be launched. Into this boat the
nineteen passengers and crew Jumped,
and with all haste we rowed away from
the sinking ship. We had proceeded less
than 200 yards when with a lurch the
Iolani disappeared beneath the waves.
It was pitch dark on the ocean and the
rain fell in torrents, but fortunately for
us a long Fwell was on and we had no
trouble in keeping afloat. Just as day
broke, five hours after the collision, we
sighted the Argus and were 'picked' up.
Ours was indeed a narrow escape, and I
marvel now that no lives were lost.
••Whr,n the collision occurred nearly all
of us were asleep be-low, but the warning
cries of the lookout awoke us and we
managed to dress and reach deck before
the crash came."
The passengers and crews of the two
vessels agree that the disaster was un
avoidable. The Iolani, being heavily
laden, minded her helm well, but the Ar
gus was light and did not come around
as well as the bark. The collision oc
curred In latitude 140 west, longitude 2S
north. The damage to the Argus Is not
great.
It is probable an Investigation will be
held at once. The passengers of the
Iolani were Mr. and Mrs. G. C. Wood
man and J. D. Sweetser of Maine and A.
W. Heydemann of Kau, Hawaii, who was
returning from a visit to the islands.
They lost everything they had on the
British Ship Arg-us and Hawaii 11 Bark Iolani, Which Collided May 3, Causing the
_ . Smaller Craft to Sink.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC SECRETLY
BUYING BIG TERMINAL SITE
zens" will now have to prove their
American nativity In court before they
will be landed in Chinatown and be
clothed with the rights and privileges of
citizenship. Experience has proven that
their task will be a difficult one, because
United States Commissioner Heacock has
rcmandM tn China.pver 60 per cent of the
coolie -natives" who appeared before him.
Commissioner Heacock has- done this
t Commissioner Heacock, the Terror of Coolie "Citizens.
a, . .
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXTII— NO. 171.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.is a new. and better republic than the world has
ever known and that th« doctrines of Jefferson
and Lincoln may be re-established and made
eternal. In the face of nil the dangers to
which the country In exposed it is the patriotic
duty of all lovers of home and country, all
¦who cherish justice and freedom to unite In
one heroic effort to preserve our institutions
from death. There Is no room for quarreling
over. minor Issues or party names; the solemn
duty of the hour Is united, harmonious and
patriotic action, and while. I do not seek to
anticipate the result of this convention I feel
safe ln saying tliat in Mr. Hryan we shall find
a. standard bearer who will remain in support
of our principles and whose fidelity can be
trusted in any trial that may arise.
Governor Leo was given close attention
and was frequently interrupted by ap
plause, -a reference to the "splendid hero
ism of the South African republics" bring
ing a burst of cheers. His allusion to W.
J. Bryan, however, tho first time his
name had been pronounced, brought the
delegates to their feet in a hurricane ot
cheers and waving of flags, some enthu
siastic delegates climbing on their chairs
to voice their approval. ¦
When the Governor sat down, a Jvansas
delegate proposed three cheers for the
Governor of South Dakota, and they were
given with a will.
Senator Butler responded for the con
vention. Speaking of the middle-of-the
road Populists, he said:'
They went again to the meeting of the com
mittee at Lincoln determined beforehand to
bolt, and falling to find an excuse, they bolted
again anyway. But one member of the na
tional convention committee voted and only
two or three who held proxies, and of thege
two or three were men who had already bolted
in fact by supporting the Barker and Donnelly
rump ticket. These holters. however, are few
in number, but. like the Irishman's frog, they
make noise enough for a million.
Issues to Be Met.
Speaking of the work that confronts the
party, the Senator said:
To-day we are facing another national cam
paign. Pinee 1895 the trusts and .monopolies
have Increased and multiplied ln number and
manifold power. The national banks have
Iven given greater power to innate and con
tract our circulating medium, and thus make
prices unstable and speculate upon the. pro
ducts of a great nation of seventy millions of
people. The specter of monarchy and Im
perialism has doflantly raised Its head to defy
the goddess of liberty in the highest executive
and legislative halls. Three parties are ready
to join hands to call a halt, to demand a
change, and to make one eupreme effort to
restore* the republic to the fundamental prin
ciples laid down by the forefathers.
The People's party national convention is the
first of three ln the field. We stand ready now
to do everything In our power to unlt« three
parties into a common fight for tho constitu
tion, for country and for humanity; we stand
ready to put country above party and do what
ever patriotism demands > and honor will per
mit to win a victory for the people and for
the republic. I feel that every delegate In this
convention indorses this sentiment. I know
you do. How to accomplish this result la not
for me to dictate. I can trust it to your wis
dom and patriotism.
At the conclusion of hlsaddress Chair
man Butler in a Phort speech introduced
the temporary chairman of the conven
tion, P. M. Ringdal. of Minnesota. Mr.
Ringdal received a vociferous welcome
from the convention, the Minnesota dele
gation In particular distinguishing itself
by lusty cheers and blasts of tin horns.
After Ringdal had spoken there were
cries of "Pettigrew, Pettigrew." but the
Senator, who sat upon the platform, did
not respond.
The temporary secretaries announced
It is conceded that the Sioux Falls convention will nominate William J.
Bryan as its candidate for President. The chief interest in the balloting
hangs on the question, Shall or shall not the convention nominate a candidate
for Vice President? The majority of those in favor of such nomination are
backing Mr. Towne for the office, and his nomination, from present Indica
tions, seems assured, if a ballot is taken. Those qpposed to a ballot desire to
leave the matter of the Vice Presidential nomination In abeyance and place the
matter in the hands of a committee, with power to go to the regular Demo
cratic convention in Kansas City, July 4, and accept its nominee for the Vice
Presidency, provided such nominee Is ln accord with the principles andyplat
form of the Sioux Falls Populist Convention. Yesterday the Minnesota/dele
gation, after a lengthy discussion, voted to stand by Towne and to place him
In nomination before the convention. Senator Pettigrew was present and
urged this course. The South Dakota delegation at its meeting decided to
support Towne for Vice President.
CHARLES A. TOWNE, THE NOTED SILVER ADVOCATE.
hats there from Texas and the South
west. There were also occasional "whis
kers," but even these seem to havo
thinned out in the party. All told it was
a well-dressed, good-mannered and thor
oughly well behaved assemblage. By no
means the least noticeable characteristic
of the gathering was the presence of a
number of women. Colorado lod the list
in this respect, three being present from
that State. They were given front seats.
Kansas, Idaho and tho District of Colum
bia also sent women delegates, who took
their seats as if accustomed to participat
ing in public affairs. Jt was noticeakle,
too. that while the fair delegates were
treated by the men with the deference due
their sex, they were received as a matter
of course, showing that Populists are ac
customed to the presence of' women in
their political meetings. ;
It should be stated that Sioux Falls is
proving entirely equal to the demand of
entertaining the convention. There has
been no great crowding at the hotels. ,
owing to the fact that private residences
have been opened to visitors, and in all
other respects the welfare of. the stran
gers is properly looked after. '
Two Noisy Delegations.
It was but a few minutes after 2 o'clock
when Chairman Butler of the National
Committee, attended by Secretary E. D.
Kdgerton of Colorado and George F.
Washburn of Massachusetts, stepped upon
the platform. The delegates and alter
nates had been filing steadily. into the hall.
All the delegations entered. quietly, with
the exception of those from Minnesota
and Nebraska, both of ¦ which evoked
much applause as they, came marching
down the aisles. The Minnesota men car
ried banners and a largo shield upon
which was inscribed "Bryan and Towne."
A large number of the delegates carried
tin horns and made their presence mani
fest by ear-splitting toots.
The Nebraska men, by all "odds the
largest delegation in the convention,.hav
ing all the alternates present, came in
close upon the heels of the-- Minnesota
men. They also carried flags and waved
them vigorously as they entered; Their
arrival was greeted with cheers; •¦
After the band of the Fifty-first Iowa
Infantry, which occupied a stand at .the
west end of the tent, had rendered a,pa
triotic selection Chairman Butler- ad
vanced to the edge of his -table, and
brought down his gavel once, twice, three
times and said: ¦•,....
"Before entering upon the regular busi
ness of the convention we will listen to'a
prayer by Bishop O'Gorman." ¦ - ¦
The Bishop read his invocation, > which
was short, well expressed and appropri
ate. Chairman Butler, who had remained
standing throughout the lnvocatton. called
upon Secretary Edgerton to read the call
for the convention. "When Secretary ' Ed
gerton had" concluded the reading- the
band played a medley of patriotic airs.
"The Red, White and Blue." "Yankee
Doodle," "Dixie" and "The Star-spangled
Banner" were received each in turn with
wild enthusiasm.
Governor Lee's Greeting.
After a song by the Mlnnehaha Club, a
local organization.. Senator Butler* intro
duced Governor Lee of South Dakota,
who on behalf of his State welcomed. the
convention to South Dakota. In closing
he said:
The struggle which commences here to-day
will be momentous. l*?t us hope that its out
come will be of: vast benefit to. the American
people. Let us pray that concealed ln its body
The chair suggested that the conven
tion might well occupy the time until the
dinner hour in listening to speeches. This
suggestion found great favor and there
were loud calls for Ignatius Donnelly of
Minnesota. Mr. Donnelly edged his way
'toward -the 'stage.* When he reached the
footlights he was seized and lifted to the
stage, where 'he was greeted with con
tinued cheers. Mr. Donnelly felicitated
Donnelly Eebukes Treachery.
Chairman Deaver delivered his formal
address to the delegates. His remarks
were loudly applauded throughout.
National Secretary Joel Parker then
read the call for the convention. Parker
was received with tumultuous applause.
He. prefaced the reading with a few re
marks on the work of the National Com
mittee following the disruption In the
Populist forces at Lincoln, Nebr., on Feb
ruary, 19 last, and said:
"We have had a terrible struggle to
hold together , the honest men of the
party, but I believe we have succeeded
and the People's party is saved."
He excoriated Senator Allen and de
clared that Butler and Allen at Sioux
Falls ."cannot sell and barter the vote of
the People's party."
At the conclusion of the reading of the
call. Chairman Deaver announced that
the National Committee had recommend
ed the selection of former Congressman
"W. M. Howard of Alabama for tempor
ary chairman. The convention unani
mously ratified the recommendation.
National Chairman D. Clem Deaver
called the convention to order at 1:30
p. m. He introduced Mayor Tafel. who
welcomed the delegates to Cincinnati.
When Chairman Deaver rapped for or
der there were on the floor or the opera
house 470 men and women, occupying del
egate seats. In the galleries a count of
noses revealed the presence of % seventy
five persons. ' s- v,.^. • *
Only Seventy-Five Spectators.
From the resolutions committee's prog
ress—and It was still in session at mid
night—It appeared that the declaration of
principles to be placed before the coun
try will be of such a nature as to practi
cally establish anew the greenback ques
tion. That plank probably will call for an
unlimited issue of "Government paper
currency." Silver Is likely to be dropped.
The other leading planks-will demand di
rect legislation and Government owner
ship of railroads and telegraphs.
To-night it appeared almost certain that
former Congressman Howard of Alabama
would head the ticket. His probable mate
is problematical. National ! Chairman
Deaver has declined to accept the nomi
nation for the "Vice Presidency, and it pos
sibly will go to Donnelly. The latter ap
pears perfectly content to abide by the
wishes of the convention.
At the evening session permanent organ
ization was effected by the selection of
Colonel W. L. Peck of Georgia for chair
man and former Governor Waite of Colo
rado for vice chairman. Wharton Barker
of Pennsylvania, whose Presidential boom
appears to have been effectually punc
tured, addressed the convention. He
spoke on motion of Mr. Donnelly. The
convention adjourned until 8 o'clock to
morrow morning. It Is the intention to
wind up' business to-morrow without tak
ing a recess.
CINCINNATI, May 5.— The Middle-of
the-Road Populist National Convention
was called to order at Rohinson's -Opera
house at 1:30 o'clock this afternoon. Com
mittees were appointed and retired to
their halls. Ignatius Donnelly delivered
an impassioned address, in which he de
clared that middle-of-the-roaders must
stand together and save mankind.
Middle of the Road Populists
. Rebuke the Sioux Falls
Wing.
DENOUNCE THE
BETRAYERS OF
THEIR PARTY
Colonel W. L. Peek then addressed tho
convention as Its permanent chairman.
At 11:10 o'clock the convention adjourned
until 8 a. m.
which Is solid for Howard, divided on this
vote, because It favors Milton Park of
Texas for chairman of tlje national com
mittee.
The minority report was declared adopt
ed, Sfi7 to 353. The vote was disputed and
verified, when it was announced , to be
ayes SS7. noes 393. and the majority report
was then adopted. The Texas delegation,
Committee on resolutions— California, J. W.
Dennis; Colorado. Mrs. McCausland: Kansas,
R M Chenaulf, Missouri, Paul Dlxon; Ne
braska. Alfred Fawknor; Oklahoma, J. C.
Wailles: Oregon, J. L. Hill: Texas. Milton.
Park: Washington, E. R. Carpenter; Wyoming.
Frank Ketcham.
Committee on plan of party organization-
California J. W. Dennis; Colorado, former
Governor Waite; Kansas. R. M. Chenault: Mis
souri M. Jackson: Nebraska. J. R. Burlelgh;
Oklahoma, John S. Allen: Oregon. S. H. Holt:
Texas J. M. Malett; Washington, Thomas
Akens; Wyoming. F. Esperson.
' On calling the convention to order at
8 pm. Chairman Howard referred to the
trouble at Sioux Falls over the division
of the spoils. A delegate from Missouri
pointed to the big "16 to 1" placard and
moved that the corpse be removed from
the hall. This led to a discussion on that
issue which was shut off by calling upon
A. G. Burkhard, candidate for Governor
of Indiana, for a. speech. He was followed
by Wharton Barker, who discussed the
trusts. Like other speakers, he favored
Government ownership and the control of
everything that got beyond the range of
competition. He opposed expansion and
especially the retention of the Philippines.
When it came to balloting, the result
was disputed nmld great disorder and ver
ified amid renewed disorder on amend
ments as well as on the main question.
The report was amended by a votft of 3S3
to 281. so that the delegates present could
cast the full quota for their respective
States and was then adopted. This was
regarded as an anti-Barker vote.
The report on rules and order of busi
ness, as adopted, provides for assembling
at 8 a, m. to-morrow and remaining in
continuous session till its work is com
pleted.
The committee on permanent organiza
tion reported ln favor of Colonel W. L.
Peek of Georgia for permanent chairman
and former Governor D. H. • Waite of
Colorado for vice chairman, with a long
list of secretaries and sergeants-atrarms.
A minority report was offered to substi
tute the name of Judge S. AV. Williams
of Vincennes. Ind.. instead of that of W^
L. Peek. Tho3e favoring Barker for the
head of the ticket favored Peek and those
favoring Howard voted for, Williams, al
though the lines were strictly drawn in
all States.
The most "important committees, which
went immediately to work, included the
following delegates:
Committees at Work.
After the applause had subsided there
were vociferous cheers for Wharton Bar
ker of Pennsylvania. Mr. Barker arose
and expressed the opinion that the con
vention should proceed to business, and
added that he would speak later. The
motion was then, at 4:05 p. m., carried for
a recess until 8 p. m.
Mr. Donnelly then reviewed the repeal of
the Sherman act and declared that at the
next election following that repeal the
Democratic party was on the way to the
boneyard. The Populists gained immense
strength in many States. Then, he de
clared, was the game of the Democrats
sprung to steal the Populist platform and
save itself from destruction. He de
nounced Bryan and lauded Hon. Thomas
C Watson, but declared that the Demo
crats of 1896 refused to recognize the Pop
ulists, whom they only wanted for their
2,000,000 votes. Said he:
They threw away a golden opportunity and
I want to tell you Mr. Bryan was nearer the
Presidency in ISSfi than he ever will be again.
The spirit of 1S92 Is here and all we have
to do is renew the agitation and build up the
reople'n party; to *a\-e the republic and save
mankind. Lot us say to one another; "Let
us save mankind." We are a combination of
the best blood; we are JefTersontan IVmocrats
and Abe Lincoln Republicans. (Great ap
plause.)
Mr. Donnelly concluded:
I feel that this Is the rebirth of the Peo
ple's party, with the vermin scraped off.
the National Committee on its success ln
bringing together such a body of dele
gates, saying:
There is not a fuslonlst ln the whole gang.
The Lord has separated the sheep from the
froats. and the exuviae are all gathered at
Sioux Falls. The future success of mankind
hinges on this movement of ours.
He reviewed the history of the People's
party movements .The census of 1S90. he
declared. wa3 the cause for the formation
of the party. That census, .he declared, re
vealed the fact that three-one-hundredths
of 1 p"er cent of the people owned one
fifth of the wealth of this republic. That
census, he said, resulted in the first con
vention of the People's party at Cincin
nati in 1S91. But. he declared, the Omaha
convention of 1S92 nominated a man and
gave him prominence, which only enabled
him to sell out his friends, and, he ex
claimed:
The traitors are now assembled at Sioux
Fall* in obsequious servility to the Demo
cratic party. They are parting their coattails
and Inviting the Democrats to kick them, and
every time they are kicked they thank. God
and take courage.
The audience was a representative Amer
ican gathering. Presumably nine-tenths
of the delegates and a larger percentage
of the visitors were from, the Northern
Mississippi Valley States. Thin circum
stance served to give the convention a
Western hue, but as other sections of the
country were also represented the West
was not allowed to monopolize the ap
pearances ln the convention hall.
Few of the picturesque characters of
the St. Louis convention of 1891 were pres
ent, but there were some broad-brimmed
Western Men'in Evidence.
The weather was ideal in all respects.
There were probably 500 delegates in their
seats and surrounding them was a fringe
of alternates and visitors numbering 600
to Sf"O. Seats had be<?n provided for a much
larger number, but the attendance did not
appear meager, and it may be remarked
that what was lost In attendance was
compensated for in enthusiasm. From the
arrival of tho Minnesota delegation bear
ing Bryan and Tpwne banners there were
outbursts of applause at every convenient
opening and upon the least provocation.
I'nited States Senators Butler, Allen and
Hoitfeld received liberal greeting, while
Senator Pettigrew was overwhelmed' by
the cordiality of the welcome accorded to
him. There was also generous. applause
when the name of Mr. Bryan was men
tioned by the speakers of the day. Many
sentiments were cheered to tho echo, and
this notably the case with Governor Lee's
reference to the Bo«rs and the Filipinos.
Good music was furnished by the band of
the Fifty-first Iowa Regiment.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D.. May ?.— The
national convention of the People's
party began business at 2:20 o'clock
to-day in the big tent wigwam on
the top of the hill on the western
side of the city of Sioux Falls. There have
been larger crowds in attendance upon
national conventions and possibly there
have been questions upon which more en
thusiasm has been manifested, but there
have been few similar events which have
been marked by more evident sincerity of
purpose or more pronounced decorum of
behavior.
The big tent was arrayed in full dress
attire for the reception and entertainment
of its guests, and the structure proved in
every way equal to the service required |
, of it. The interior of the tent was mad«
| resplendent by a lavish display ot.the na 7 j
tional colors. The platform was liberally
decorated with the stars and stripes and
the uprights of this structure bore aloft
excellent black and white portraits of
Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln and
Bryan.
The accommodations for delegates, for
distinguished guests, for the press and for
ordinary visitors proved exceptionally
good— equal to those of most conventions
i held in buildings of more permanent char
1 acter. A floor was laid over the space as
j signed to the delegates and comfortable
I seats were assigned to all in attendance.
With the closing of the cap on the Coast
road iho direct traffic Into the city from
the south will be greatly augmented, and
the present cramped quarters at Third and
Townscnd streets will not accommodate
it. The company will now doubtless build
a double track on the line of Its old sur
vey through the Potrero and along the
bay shore, and abandon its Mission tracks.
Thoso who have sold property »o the
mvpteriolis agent .ire as follows-: Block
3U, W. V. Whittier. Hisdon Iron Works.
and C. Frooiich Jr.; block 332. James Mae
dnnoush. P. F. Dundon. William Gisel
man (trustee). R. Finley. Eliza Grosh and
S. H. Middlemnss: block ZKl. S. It. Lach
man estate. Minnie j^. Selfridge. W. F.
Whitti^r. Thomas Morris. William Sharp
and William Hardiman; block X9>. Sarah
A. English. O. D. Baldwin, P. Donahue.
II. P. Wakelee, Mary Burke and P. F.
Dundon.
"I haven't bought any prop'rety down
thex*".' f?A<i C P. Huntingdon last night
when asked about the purchases by his
company of the property mentioned.
"Has the Southern Pacific
bought any?" uras asked of him.
"No." be replied.
"Has any one bought any land for the
company ther^?"
">.o. sir. I heard that Atchison people.
Tver* buying property in that neighbor
hood."
Despite thf denials of Mr. Huntingdon
The CalV has positive, information of the
truth of a!l the statements made rr-gard
ing*th^ purchase of tho property. Th<»
Southern Pacific Company has bought a
l^.rgr part at the four blocks and, is after
th* rest.
apent di<i r.ot know who was really ac
quiring thf lots.
The blocks in which lies the land the
railroad company has already secured are
X"F. 3;-l. 332, 237 and 33S. bounded by Bry
ant. Howard. Fremont and Main streets.
It is probably the intention of the com
pany to also acquire No?. S33 and 336,
which would <dve it a double row of three
Mocks, plenty of room to accommodate
th*» increasing: traffic of the southern line.
The new depot will be on one of the
blocks embraced by Harrison, Howard.
Main and Beale streets. It will be a line
Ftructure. with every modern convenience
for passengers.
It was the intention of the Southern Pa
cific Company at first to have its passen
ger depot in the Palace Hotel, but for
some reason this project was abandoned.
It wss perhaps thought that difflculty
vould be experienced in getting, a fran
chise for a track up to the great down
town caravansary or else the running of
trains into it would decrease the value of
that great piece of property.
It is the intention of the Southern Pa
cific to extend its double tracks from Sec
ond and Japan streets and it will tunnel
under Iieale street-
One of the largest sinple transfers that
h£« been made to the railroad company
during the secret accumulation of prop
erty is that of the Uisdon Iron Works site,
wh'eh constitutes naif of block 331. The
Risdon people, as published in The Call
•ome time a^o. are to move their plant to
another site and add ship-building to their
present operations.
ContlmiPd from FirM Pape.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SECRETLT 8UIIHE
TERMINAL SITES
Towne's Vice Presidential Boom Attains Healthy Di
mensions — Senator Butler Scores the
So-Called Bolters.
The Republican State Convention to-day
Dominated the foregoing ticket. The nom
ination f<">r Governor was made on the
fourth lmllnt. after a pnjlonped struggle.
Governor Tanner and his friends worked
s-trenuouply lor the nomination of Judgs
Elbridg" llaneey of Chicago. It was Hanecy
against a ricld of throo— Judge Orrm N.
Carter of Chicago. Congressman Walter
Reeves of ?rrpator and Judg« Richard
rates c,f Jacksonville, wn of Illinois' fa
mcus war Governor. Hanecy led on the
first two ballot?. On th* third ballot a
break came and the nomination seemed
to be poing to Reeves. The Hanecy lieu
tenants then began to transfer their votes
to Yates. and ttt*> Jacksonville man was
nominated on the fourth ballot amid great
confusion.
The resolutions indorse the administra
tion of President MoKiniey and reaffirm
the erftiie St. Louis platform. The trusts*
nre denounced and the po!d standard rec
ornmer.ded. Governor Tanner's adminis
tration is approved and the return of
Fhrlby M. Culk>m to the I'nited States
Senate Ftronply recommfnded.
PEORIA. III., May 9.— For Governor—
Richard Yates of Jacksonville.
For lieutenant Governor— William A-
Northcott of Bond County.
For Secretary of State— James A. Rose
of Pope County. *
For Auditor of State— James S. McCul-
Jough of Champaign.
For State Treasurer— M. O. Williamson
rif Galesburg.
For Attorney General— Howard J. Ham
lin of Shclhvville.
Tanner Forces Unable to
Bring About Hanecy's
Nomination.
JUDGE GATES
FOR GOVERNOR
OF ILLINOIS
POPULISTS AT SIOUX FALLS
CHEER THE NAME OF BRYAN
Resolved, That we denounce the practice of
issuing injunctions in cases of disputes between
employes and employers, making criminal atts
of organizations which are not criminal when
performed by Individuals, and demand legisla
tion to restrain the evil. .
The committee on platform of the Pop
ulist convention met at 7 o'clock and at
midnight was still in session, debating the
various planks presented. Ex-Congress
man Jerry Simpson acted as chairman of
the committee Among the planks acted
upon before midnight were those relating
to imperialism, militarism, trusts and the
finances. The financial plank declares for
the free coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to 1. The declaration on the Idaho
troubles, which was drawn by Senator
Heitfeld. is as follows:
Thomas M. Patterson of Colorado was
selected for permanent chairman of the
convention by the committee on perma
nent organization and order of business
after a session lasting over two hours.' J.
H. Curren of Kansas, I^erf Vincent of
Coloradb and AVilliam M. Deischer of
Pennsylvania, who served as temporary
secretaries at "the afternoon session, were
named as permanent secretaries. The se
lection of Mr. Patterson was made by ac
clamation. Several names were consid
ered before the final selection was made.
General James B. Weaver of Iowa and
Senator Marion Butler of North Carolina
were among those urged for the place.
Senator Pettigrew's name was presented,
but was withdrawn. Senator Pettigrew
stating that he would not under any cir
cumstances allow his name to be consid
ered in connection with the permanent
chairmanship. A sub-committee of five
was appointed to arrange for the order
of business.
Patterson for Chairman.
Texas— Harry Tracey.
Washington-E. W. Way.
California, Nevada. Utah. "WyomlnK,
Arizona and New Mexico are among the
twenty States not represented on the com
mittee. ... . „ „
A delegate from Iowa moved that Gen
eral Tarsney of Missouri be put on the
resolutions committee, as representing the
Philippine Islands, since he had lately
been in that part of^he world investigat
ing conditions. Thf . motion cvokrf a
storm of disapproval and it was declared
tO The evening session. was
ly to singing and music by. the Flfty-nrst
Iowa Regiment band. When Temporary
Chairman Ringdal called the convention
to order at 8:40 p. m. it was announced
that the committee on credentials, resolu
tions and permanent organization were
not ready to report. Cries of ••Pettlgrew.
"Jerry Simpson" and " 'Cyclone Da\ Is —
"Speech! speech!" at once went up; but
none of those gentlemen appeared.
"Senator 'Pettigrew is suffering from
throat trouble and wishes to be excused,
announced Chairman Ringdal; "and Mr.
Davis will speak here to-morrow hight.
Chairman Ringdal then introduced Rev.
Mr. Hatch of Iowa, who, he said, has
some songs of his own production. The
minister, who "is blind, sang two songs,
which were received with wild cheering.
Following the singing the Fifty-first Iowa
Regiment band played a medley of oper
atic and other airs.
The convention then adjourned until 9
o'clock to-morrow morning. The doors
¦were opened and all outside of the tent
were admitted to the concert given by the
band.
The committee on resolutions Includes
the following:
Alaska— J. J. Chamber.
Colorado— I. D. Chamberlain.
Idaho— Henry Heitfeld.
Indian Territory— I. V. Burdick.
•Kansas^Jeremiah Simpson.
Missouri— W. R. Llttell.
Montana— T. S. Hogan. __
Nebraska— William V. Allen.
Oklahoma— Delos Walker.
Oregon— Ernest Kroner.
Will Construct a Platform.
were R. E. Bray of Oklahoma, Eugene
Smith of Illinois and Leo Vincent of Colo
rado. The temporary chairman said that
the names for committee appointments
would be received. The rollcall of States
was begun and a loud laughter was raised
by the announcement of J. J. Chambers,
representing Alaska.
"I am the only one here from Alaska
and I will have to name myself.'
The same condition confronted I. D.
Burdick of Indian Territory and Ernest
Kroner of Oregon.
PROCEEDINGS IN NATIONAL AND STATE CONVENTIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900.
2
BiisiiiBiiBeiaBuiiiHa
[removedI
¦ ¦
g FROM |
g 7OQ MARKET I
B TO §
J2l5and2l7SutterSf.|
i a
i — ¦
a A complete new stock of a
3 CARPETS, g
a LINOLEUMS, a
a CURTAINS, n
g RUGS, ETC. g
[ Schlueter&Volberg j
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦»¦¦¦¦¦¦
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB*
SOL.UTEL.Y WITHOUT PAIN, by our Ut»
scientific method applied to' the gums. No
eleep-producing agents or cocaine.
These are the only dental parlor* ln San
Francisco havinjr PATENTED APPLIANCES
and Ingredients to extract, nil and apply *oH
crowns and porcelain crown* undetectable from
. natural teeth, and warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT THE LEAST PAIX. Full act ot
teeth 13. a perfect fit guaranteed or no pay.
Gold crowns, J3. Gold nllinxa. XV Silver flll-
¦ Ings, 50c. All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from 13 to 20 years' experience, and
each department ln charge of a specialist. GIt«
; as a call, and yon will find us to do exactly
i as w» advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will cost by a FREH
EXAMINATION.
K0 I LA ItS jL|fe ; ; K^^JV
1 New York Dental Parlors,
| 723 Market Street,
' san Francisco.
\ HOURS. 8 to 8; SU.VDAYS. 10 to I
I MAIN OFFICE PORTLAND
i
I J31 ; Market St. S. F.
RED TAG PRICES.
l^c imported rlraning epomr^i" lc
fW foldlnB rocker*. *ood kind 91.3O
}1 SO Pansy books, 20 titles ." 7R«*
K«e too! cheats, lrttle l>"ys' S."»e
II Cep? Xcm« parldnR rtra.p» 50c
Pc package* of mincf-rneat 3c
2r.c g-oz Price baking powder lOc
tl a> ccckint etovf* for children.. .....J«I.or»
i*c clara bouillon lbo
FIFTH AND SIXTH FLOORS FOR RENT FOR
LIGHT MANUFACTURING.
CHILD'S DESK . red teg price S2 50
Tht-t* ar» a $5 proposition rcsular. but Trill
he closed at above price.
Thif rompriMf a peat variety of rait* for
boy« 3 to M; knee pantf>. Hotter »*e them
to-day.
BEDSPREADS ... red tag price 65c
Tt.ff* Rr» regular tl b»-lfrr«»a4«: browns,
Wa». ted, rcurfd; e^Rscnahle and K-rvlc*-
6Mp.
BOYS' SUITS .. red tag price $1 90
HEN S VESTS . . red tag price 25c
These are tl W ve*U, hut email b!z<>s, 23,
34. V<: v.&th eoods; very pretty and »er-
viewable.
NECKWEAB . . . red tag prioe 15c
Tfc*fe are m«5tly terk« or scarfs: 2»c and
Etc; goods ¦* pretty an picture*.
We commence to-day the greatest red letter eaje of the coast. Big
blocks of goods on second, third, fifth and sixth floors must be cleared
out at once. All kinds of goods. Cash buyers' harvest. See the ¦win-
dows. Notice the genuine price and the red tag price of every article in
reduction sale. Tell your friends about the red tags and look out for
thsin yourself. No tricks. Everything plainly marked.
LADIES' KID SHOES . . . . . .
.red tag price 95c
All fIz^s from 3 to 8. lace, coin to*, 'mod-
ern style, standard Tcldth; neat and fairly
rood wearers.
CHILDREN'S KID SHOES ....
red tag price 75c
These lire coin to». Sunday style, kid top,
fi to 12. lace, double sale; will ko quickly.
LADIES' VESTS . red tag price 10c
Then? are small and medium sizes in bal-
briegan rummer vests, short sleeves; regu-
lar value 60c.
WOOL DRESS PLAIDS
red tag price 37j^c
These are 75c, all wool,, winter colors;
fashionable, gtyllsh, serviceable for aify
wear. ;..j ¦¦•-.>•..- -. >.^%
SIDE ELASTICS . . red tag price lc
These are the 10c goods, white or black;
we ha.v» too many; everything cheap— some
things very cheap Indeed.
This sale, to get ready for. stock taking
June l. "
CASH STORE
25-27 Market St., 6. F.-
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
PERUNA CURES CATARRH
JF ONEYS EVERY «
DANGEROUS KIDNEY_ DISEASES CURED. lp
Peruna Creating a National Sensation in the Cure u SI«Rl^
of Chronic Ailments of tba Kidneys. i?k$mm \ I I' Hi?
Mr. John Vance, member of Company kidneys to th^ "siirH'il I t^$
I. 71st Ohio Infantry, First Brigade, Sfc- general circu- "^^QF i^miujI __ . ~
ond Division, Fourth Army Corps, who la \" n -, h — '~- =^g(j[|.?||n^^^r^2^^
lives at Hartford City. Ind., in a letter '" '"' a £: fflEftV»5^^S
dated June 7, 1809, says: "My kidney the tirst symp- W&\\Sc?
trouble is much better. I have improved torn of kidney "3^wyj i^'lWV^?^
so much that everybody wants to know trouble. Pe- V ' T^-^^al ~"
what medicine I am using. 1 recommend runa should b«» -T^SJm;! i^*\\vY-5^S-
Peruna to everybody and some have com- taken T ' lir ' •— — — Xfcw hlH\\\\'>^*
menccd to use it. The folks all say that » t orfce thl S ttHvtir
if Dr. Hartman'8 medicine cures me it very root () { i«ae-t6Sc I \&u\'l
must bo great." In a later letter he says: the' disease. It I
"I am still Improving in health; people at once re- E\\\\
call me well now. I am stiil using your lieves the fa- J»\u\
medicine. People want to know what has f^. 1 *,, . '_'"
done me so much good and I can easily t ' tn * r Jy"^^
ten mem. blood, preventing the escape of serum
" ,_ . , n , i n x • from the blood. Peruna stimulates the
Mr. J. Brake, Of Petrolea, Ontario, kidneys to excrete from the blood the ac-
„ , • ., ,. c i cumulating poison, and thus prevents the
Canada, writes: "Four years ago I convulsions wtiicn are sure to follow if
l j .. - ~u~~L ~t D~;~Li't. n.V tne poisons are allowed to remain. It
had a severe attacK ot orignt s uis- givcg reai vjgor to the heart's action and
¦»„..„ ,.,A,V>A hnntmh* ma •>»' Inva ffi* digestive system, hpth of which are apt to
ease, which brought me so low me fail rapIdl^ ln thl / diseage .
doctor said nothing more could be Catarrh of the kidneys quickly
done for me. I began to take Peruna leads to chronic Bright' s Disease,
and Manalin, and in three months I Peruna should be iaken at the ap-
was a well man, and have continued pearance of the first symptom. If
so ever since." iaken in the 6ar/ J r sta 9 es of iho dis ~
ease, Peruna is sure to cure every
The kidneys separate from the blood a casem P eruna cures catarrh of the
peculiar ?alt known as urea. If this salt .
Is allowed to accumulate ln the blood it kidneys simply because it cures ca-
qulckly produces blood poison (uraemia}. j___t M ,Aa--«a- ln^ n *arf Nn /,M« B
But if at the same time the kidneys ai- tarrh wherever located, no other
low the serum of the biood to escape jt S y S f em f c catarrh remedy has as yet
forms a fatal drain to the system (al- / »•» #-. »-
buminuria). Catarrh of the kidneys will been devised. Insist upon having
fhe^'dSro^Tresuits. FoTiiot'oSfyVu Peruna. There are no medicines
Inl n d ey b S uPwil\^!l X oTihe th /eru^%f fr t°h^ **'* °™> °° Substitutea.
blood to escape with the urine. A book on catarrh, written by Dr. Hart-
If the kidneys are healthy they will ex- man, will be sent free to any address by
crete the poison from the blood. The renal The Peruna Medicine Co., Columbus,
veins return the purified blood from the Ohio.STOCKTON, May 9.— De Witt C. Stev
ens, an old soldier, -fired a bullet into his
brain this afternoon and dropped dead
In the convent grounds. He has been
very eccentric of late and often left the
place where he resided and remained
away - for three weeks or a month. : De
spondency is believed to be the cause of
self-destruction. For years he was em
ployed as gardener by Mrs. Burkett at
1S14 Folsom street, San Francisco.
Suicide of a Veteran.
Knmassie Reported Captured.
ACCRA. Gold Coast, May 9.— A rumor
Is current here that Kumassle has fallen
and it is believed that Aktms. Kwahus
and Knoranzas are secretly joining the In
surgents. The wires are down at Prashu.
One- dollar for the round trip to Santa
Rosa Sunday. May 13. by the California
Northwestern Ry. Leave TIburon ferry
8 and 9:30 a. m. ?
ure Will Go Over Until th«
Next Session.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The member*
of the Senate Committee on Interoceania
Canal are observing strict secrecy as- to
the proceedings In their session to-day.
The committee adjourned without action
on the Nicaragua canal bill, but will have
another meeting: on Friday, when Admiral
Walker of the Isthmian Commission will
be heard. There seems to be little doubt
that the bill will not be acted upon at thlsi
session of Congress. Senator Aldrich said
to-day after a conference with the Sen
ate committee that the canal bill would
go over until next session.
Senator Aldrich Declares th« Meas-
NO DECISION REACHED
ON THE CANAL BILL!
A committee was appointed to present
these demands to President Holmes to
morrow afternoon and to notify him un
less a favorable -answer is given within
six hours a strike will follow. President
Holmes has positively stated that he will
see the entire system tied up before any
recognition of the union will be granted.
Over sixty men have been discharged
by the company within the past four days,
presumably on account of their affiliation
with the union.
KANSAS CITY, May 9.-A strike that
may tie up all the lines of the Metropoli
tan Street Railway Company is threat
ened within the next twenty-four hours.
The Metropolitan controls all street rail
way traffic in Kansas City. Mo., and
Kansas City, Kan., with the exception
of the traffic over one short line. Th«
company employs about 1500 men.
At a meeting to-night at which 900 ot
these employes were represented It was
voted to s-rve an ultimatum on the com
pany demanding 20 cents per hour for all
men who have been In the employ of the*
company for one year, 19 cents for all
others and complete recoamitlon of tha
union. The men have been working under
a graduated scale of 15 to 20 cents an
hour.
Employes of Metropolitan Street
Railway Company Will Present
an Ultimatum.
employed In a minor capacity by the rail
way company.
STRIKE THREATENED
IN KANSAS CITY
DR. SHEARER
EXONERATED BY
SUPERVISORS
Charges Made by Miss
Pohlmann Not Sus
tained.
"Witnesses Called by the Physician
Say She "Was Addicted to the Im
moderate Use of Alcoholic
>
£;ec!al Kspatch to Tbe Cell.
BAKTA ROSA. May 9.— The public hear
ing- In the matter of the charges preferred
against County Physician M. M. Shearer
by Miss Anna Pohlmann and Miss Bertha
Eunfiall, former employes of the hospital,
wherein the doctor was charged with im
proper and Immoral conduct, took place
before the Board of Supervisors this aft
ernoon, and after the testimony had been
heard the physician was exonerated.
Dr. Shearer made a lengthy statement
denying absolutely the charges made
against him and casting some very broad
reflections upon several persons who have
been prominent in the affair.
Ccn Shea, the well-known capitalist,
•was the first witness called. He testified
that upon an occasion he had visited Dr.
Shearer's office in this city In the evening.
Finding the front door open he wandered
in and 6at down. The door leading to
the back office was open, and Dr. Shearer
and illss Pohlmann were ecgaged in con
versation. Miss Pohlmann was crying
end begging the doctor to "take me back."
To this the physician replied that he
could not do bo. as she had been insubor
dinate as well as untruthful, and the dis
charge ti-as lor cause. In view of the
fact that Miss Pohlmann claims in her
affidavit that phe resigned to escape
Shearer's attentions. Shea's testimony
was considered very Important.
A statement was read from Miss Mc-
Afee, the present matron, to the effect
that Dr. Shearer's demeanor toward her
had always been that of a gentleman.
Mr. Wagner, an inmate of the hospital,
testlflod that MIfs Pohimann consumed
considerable liquor and he also cast other
reflections upon her character. County
Clerk Somers B. Fulton testified that
while in Dr. Shearer's office one Sunday
evening Miss Pohlmann came In consid
erably under the influence of liquor. Upon
t beirg- asked where she was going, she re
plied that ehe had Intended froing to Mr.
ciastor.'s church, but thought "perhaps
the had better not." At the conclusion
of Mr. Fulton's testimony Dr. Shearer
elated that he believed he had introduced
sufficient evidence to show that the
Ftatcmects contained in the charges
placed ag-alcst him were entitled to very
little credence. Chairman Glynn, there
upon, asked if any one else had anything
to say. After a few moments of silence
Supervisor Joseph A. McMinn moved that
the matter be taken under advisement
ar.d. the motion being carried, the crowd
left the hall.
Shortly before adjourning this evening
the natter was called up on motion of
Mr. McMinn, and a resolution was Intro
duced fully exonerating the doctor from
the charges made against him, all the
members of the board voting aye with
the exception of Supervisor Austin, who
declined to vote at all. Austin stated that
he thought Miss Sundall and Miss Pohl
rr.arm should be heard- personally in the
matter.
ment of State is In receipt of a communi
cation frorn the Consul General at Cape
Town, dated April 7, wherein he states
that he has visited the Boer prisoners In
made an impassioned appeal to the Pre
toria burghers at a religious gathering on
Sunday."
WELL TREATED BY BRITISH.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— The Depart-
"It Is reported that President Kruger
LONDON, May 10.— The Lourenzo Mar
ques correspondent of the Times, tele
graphing Wednesday, says:
"I learn that a strong party In the
Volksraad is determined to secure the re
opening of peace negotiations on a basis
which they are sanguine will get the sup
port of a majority of the Raad, although
the. proposal ln\ r okes strong Indignation
from President Kruger and State Secre
tary Reitz.
SMALDEElh May 8.— General Hutton
attempted to Belze a Boer v convoy that
was crossing the Zand River yesterday.
He advanced toward the river with
mounted infantry. Including the Cana
dians. A long line of wagons was plainly
visible. On becoming aware of General
Hutton's object the Boers stopped their
retreat and opened fire wtih ten guns.
They seemed In force and threatened Hut
ton's flank. Presently mounted Boers
were seen crossing the dry bed of the
river. They circled to the right and be
gran to enfilade the West Australians,
while many of the British were hit by
Boer shells.
The position became serious. The Boers
sent up reinforcements, placing the Aus
tralians in danger of being cut off. There
upon General Hutton ordered a retire
ment to Welgelegen, where he had left
his own convoy. A portion of 'the forces
advanced and engaged the Boers to cover
this retirement,, which was successfully
accomplished. The Boers continued to
shell the retiring troops, but Bhowed no
desire to press the attack further.
Meanwhile the Boers' trains steamed
away northward, blowing up the culverts
as they went.
TO REOPEN THE §X
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS
neuvered four field guns skillfully to check
Hamilton's advance. On one occasion they
masked their position so well as to
Jeopardize the British convoy, which was
saved by the timely arival of the High
land brigade with naval guns.
The advance on Winburs was so rapid
that Hamilton's advance scouts were
overlapping the* town before Botha'g
transport was clear, but owing to the
difficulties at the drifts the guns arrived
too late to effect -the convoy's capture.
While the British captain, Balfour, was
negotiating with the Landrost for the
surrender of, Winburg General Botha him
self, misunderstanding the envoy's lan
guago, threatened to shoot him. but the
Landrost rightly Interpreting the words
and perceiving that the British were In a
position to bombard the town, decided, to
surrender. General Botha then retired.
The town contained a large stock of am
nunltlon and grain.
It is impossible to say whether the
Boera will "dispute the passage of the
Zand River seriously, but it is known that
Botha has ten guns in front of Hamilton
and that General Delarey has six in front
of the main advance.
HOW HUTTON WAS
SERIOUSLY MENACED
Attempt of the British to Capture a Republican
Convoy Results in a Temporary
THABA NCHTT, May 9.— The Boers have moved their headquarters in this district from Lady
brand to Clocolan. They occupy strong positions at Megathlings Nek.
The" British., including- General Brabant, are scattered among a number of strategical points,
severing the country line from Winburg to Ladybrand.
LONDON. May 10, 4:15 a. m.— General
Hutton's mounted infantry brigade,
including the Canadians, with a
part of General French's cavalry,
croesed the Zand River Tuesday
and began to work its way cautiously
along the railway northward in the track'
of the retiring Boers.
About S000 horsemen were probably en
gaged in this advance. General Hutton.
before he was Joined by a part of. General
French's force, had a sharp fight. This
was on Monday, when he reached the
river and saw the Boer convoys on the
other side and pressed forward, intending
to cross and capture them. The Boers,
however, opened fire from eight to ten
guns, forded the river above and below,
seemingly in thousands, and sought to en
velop the British. General Hutton fell
back several miles, the Boers following
until other British cavalry reinforced
Hutton. During the night the Boers re
treated, not further contesting the cross
ing.
Lord Roberts, according to one corre
spondent, left Smaldeel Tuesday to con
sult one of the Hamlltons, fifteen miles
distant.
The Boer attack on General Hutton does
not indicate any such panicky conditions
as have been alleged to exist among them.
Nevertheless, the British advance rolls on
steadily. General Broadwood and General
Bruce Hamilton have penetrated fifteen
miles beyond Winburg.
According to Boer advices sharp skirm
ishes are of daily occurrence and there
was a brisk rifle engagement outside Win
burg- on Saturday.
From Boer sources comes also the re
port that In a skirmish outside Mafeklng
on May 5 Colonel Baden-Powell was
slightly worsted.
The Transvaal Volksraad adopted reso
lutions on Tuesday expressing indignation
at the British for not conducting the war
In a civilized manner, for killing wounded
Boers with lances, for using armed Kaf
firs under British officers and for ill treats
ing prisoners.
President Kruger, after his formal
speech on Monday, said the British were
prepared for war In 1S96. as documents
which the burghers had captured showed,
but that the Transvaal, to avoid blood
shed, provided a seven years' franchise
and then a five years' franchise.
"Great Britain still demanded," he de
clared, "and the republic at length ac
cepted the challenge. Even should the
British enter the Transvaal and take Pre
toria, the Boers will still remain a free
people. Our trust is in God, and we may
be confident that he will defeat the most
powerful generals."
Adelbert Hay, United States Consul at
Pretoria, was present when this speech
was delivered. The Raad continues in
secret session.
A dispatch, credited to a semi-official
source In Pretoria, says: "The European
powers have delivered a.' collective note to
President Kruger informing him that they
will hold him personally responsible for
the safety of the mines and will support
England in enforcing compensation in the
event of' their destruction."
BOTHA THREATENED TO
SHOOT A BRITISH ENVOY
LONDON, May 10.— A dispatch to the
Times from Smaldeel, dated Tuesday,
May 8, says: Lord Roberts has halted
here to complete the railway and to al
low time for the cavalry now returning
from Thaba Nchu to take the place de-
signed for them in the original scheme of
advance. General Hamilton last week
was continually in touch with General
Botha's rear guard. The enemy ma-
camp and on board the- transport* at Si
mons Bay. at the military prison at Cape
Town and in camp at Green Point. Mr.
Stowe visited General Cronje, who at the
time} was on board the flagship at Simons
Bay, occupying the admiral's quarters.
General Cronje expressed a wish to see
Mr. Stowe and declared himself well sat
lsfled with his quarters and treatment.
Mr. Stowe remarks that ho talked freely
with the other prisoners and the universal
statement was that they ..were well cared
for and were satisfied with their, treat
ment. They were furnished by the Brit
ish with clothes, had good sea bathing,
the rations of a British soldier, but as
they have bo many friends an« . relatives
in the colony, which the British prisoners
at Pretoria lack, they 1 become [ recipients
of many presents ' of may be called
luxuries in a prisoner's or soldier's life.
> rom the fact tnat St. Helena furnishes
a climate more conducive to health and
more suitable quarters, the military au
thorities deemed it best to forward about
1500 prisoners to that Island.
. — 1 — '?
POLICY TO PREVENT
GUERRILLA FIGHTING
CAPE TOWN, May 9.— It is believed,
here that on the arrival of the British at
the Vaal Rlv^r a proclamation was Issued
annexing the Free State to the dominion
of the Queen and demonstrating, the de
termination of her Majesty's forces to as
sert British supremacy over the annexed
territory. . .
Tho Boer losses at Brandfort are now
reported to have been much heavier than
was at first understood. After -the bat
tle British patrols visited the. farm
houses in the surrounding district and all
the men were taken prisoners, while the
horses and guns were removed.
Lord Roberta is thus adopting a sterner
policy, with a view of prerventinff guerrilla
fighting In the rear of the British. Horses
are now commandeered ''and farmhouses
where guns are found are destroyed, while
the men are arrested.
QUITTING ZAND RIVER.
SMALDEEL, May 8.— It is reported that
the/Federals are quitting Zand River, and
it is variously stated that they are re
treating toward the -Vaal and are taking
up their positions at Boshrand, south of
Kroonstad. Large numbers of burghers
have come in and delivered their Mausers
and horses to the British. They affirm
that there Is a bitter quarrel between the
Free Staters and the Transvaalers, which
is likely to end In the Bpeedy surrender of
the former. General French has arrived
here. ,
ORDERED TO THE GOLD COAST.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, May 9.—The'mili
tary authorities here to-day received a ca
ble dispatch from the British War "Office
ordering all the available officers, of the
West Indian Regiment to proceed imme
diately by the shortest route to' Cape
Coast Castle to Join the expedition against
the Ashantls.
BEMOVITD TO HEILBRON.
LONDON, May 9.— It is announced in a
special dispatch . from Lorenzo Marques
that the Government of the Orange Free
biate has been moved from Kroonstad to
Heilbron.
•
BUIiltER IS ADVANCING.
CAPE TOWN, May 9.— It Is reported
that General Duller is advancing on the
Blggarsberg and that the Boers are with
drawing.
QUESTION OF
ARMOR PLATE
CONSIDERED
Senate Debate Hinges on
Plan for Government
Factory.
WASHINGTON. May 9.— Practically the
entire session of the Senate to-day was
devoted to tho section of the naval appro
priation bill relating to armor and arma
ment. The debate largely hinged on the
proposition that the Government should
erect an armor plant of its own. Senator
Tillman presented an amendment limiting
the price to be paid for armor to $300 per
ton, and providing, al30, that the Gov
ernment should erect a plant of Its own.
Senators Tillman, Money and Chandler
advocated the erection of a plant, while
Hale supported the committee amendment
providing for a plant in the contingency
that armor could not be produced for 5443
per ton. No action was taken on the
proposition, the bill going over until to
morrow.
Hale said that for the armor of 1837, $412
per ton was paid.
"As it was seen," continued Hale, "that
we had ships which needed armor, the
companies raised their price to $345 per
ton."
Hale said that it was the opinion of the
committee that the Government could get
better armor from private concerns than
it could make Itself, and avoid any of the
possible attendant scandals. Still, if the
companies declined to accept $445 a ton a
Government plant for the manufacture of
armor was to be constructed. ; He be
lieved that when the manufacturers found
that the Government was in earnest as
to the plant they would accept the price
offered.
"Have the armor makers taken advan
tage of the Government's necessity?" in
quired Stewart.
"Undoubtedly ¦ they have," responded
Hale. "As soon' as they got upon their
feet financially they began to put the
knife to us."
"Then," declared Stewart, "I'd make a
good deal of a sacrifice. to teach them a
lesson."
Saving to the Government.
Tillman, who followed Hale, said If the
price asked by the manufacturers was
paid, It would cost the Government $17,
000,000, while at the price he proposed the
necessary armor . would cost only about
JS.OOu.OuO. His proposition was to build an
armor plant, no matter what : price the
manufacturers proposed to supply the ar
mor. Tillman said he was not convinced
that the new process armor was one whit
better than the old kind. A 9-Inch new
process plate had been easily penetrated,
and who could say that a 14-inch plate
would not suffer similarly?
Hale Interrupted to state that the/only
significance of the recent experiments was
to show that the best projectile will pierce
anything, but'that newproceas armor has
an impenetrability of 25 per cent 'greater
than any other. The cap projectiles went
through the 9-inch and even the 11-inch
plates as though they were pine boards.
Perkins of California Joined Hale and
Tillman in an animated discussion of pa
triotism in connection' with- the proposal
for a Government armor, factory.
Money said he would support the propo
sition of Tillman for a Government armor
plant, believing it the . best way to • solve
the problem. Chandler earnestly advo
cated the amendment , of Tillman. He
ventured the assertion . that the: United
States could builu an armor plant and
manufacture armor cheaper than It could
be made by the private' concerns, and we
would not : have to pay. royalty to ' any
body. The bill was laid : aside ¦. for the
day.
House Proceedings.
The House to-day, considered the con
tested election case of Pearson vs. (Craw
ford, from the Ninth North Carolina Dis
trict. ; The report , of the ; majority,* was
against , the : sitting member," a; Democrat,
on the general jrround that Pearson's elec
tion was prevented by fraud, Intimidation;
bribery and bloodshed. The minority deny
BOERS BOLDLY ATTACK
GENERAL HUTTON'S FORCE
If once the feeling could be propagated that
It Is the duty of every able-bodied Englishman
to make himself competent to meet an Invader
we would have a defensive force which would
make the chances of an assailant so bad that
no assailant would appear.
The speech was greeted with loud ap
plause.
After a resolution urging British sub
jects to prepare In tlme3 of peace so as
to be ready to play their part in time of
Imperial emergency had been carried by
acclamation the meeting adjourned.
In every case In history the great maritime
power has been paralyzed — killed, not by dis
asters suffered in its provinces, but by a blow
directed- at the heart. The British .navy, of
course, ought to be sufficient. But are we wise
In placing all our eggs in one basket?
As to land defense, so far as I can nee, any
thing in the nature of conscription Is not a
remedy the country is prepared to accept.
Therefore we must Induce the people to volun
tarily put themselves in a position to defend
their homes and country. The Primrose League
can do much to foster the creation of rifle
clubs.
The Premier then urged the necessity
of precaution in time, remarking that the
material for military aggression was
yearly increasing In power and efficiency
in every one of the great nations, adding:
. I urn .nervous at using language of such a
kind lest It Ehould be thought I am Indicating
that something Is known to the Foreign Of flee by
pointing out this, possible dancer. But I wish
most emphatically to say I have no Idea of that
kind. That state of affairs, as I know It and so
far as the Government is concerned, Is peace
ful. It is Impossible to speak too highly of the
careful, calm neutrality which has been ob
served by all ¦ the, governments of the world.
A certain section of their subjects, not, I hope,
& very lance, though a noisy one, has at tne
present -moment a great prejudice against this
country. It does not, however, follow that we
have no precautions to take. Governments may
came and go and feeling may change from
year to year. That root of bitterness against
England, which I am unable to explain, may
bo mere caprice to satisfy the exigencies of
Journalists to-day, or it may Indicate a deep
seated feeling which later we may have to
reckon with. Thwe can be no security nor
confidence In' the feeling- or sympathy of other
nations I except ! through the efficiency of our
own defenses ¦ and the strength of our own
right arm. -•¦Everywhere' the power of defense
la increasing, "and who^knows bat all these
thinss may be united in one great wave to
dash upon our shores?
Hereafter external affairs ¦will occupy a con
siderably larger place among- the problems we
have .to solve. Not necessarily because In
themselves they are more Important, but If
we look around we can see the elements and
causes of menace and peril slowly accumulat
ing, and they may accumulate to such a point
as to require our earnest and most active ef
forts to repel them. ¦
Mr. Gladstone.' In an evil moment for the
fame of the country and for his party, attached
himself to the Idea of the separation of Eng
land and Ireland. No one can say the home
rule cause presents any element of sanguine
anticipation for the future. I am assured that
there is no hope of the predominant party ever
giving to' Ireland practical independence. We
have learned something from the South African
war— how that disloyal government. In spite. of
warnings, could accumulate armaments against
the most powerful combatant' and thus secure
a terrible advantage. w*e now know better than
we did ten years ago what a risk it would be
If we gave a disloyal government In Ireland the
power <of , accumulating forces against this
country.
Lord Salisbury in the course of his ad
dress commented on the remarkable
change which had taken place In the lat
ter.half of the century* in the views of tht»
people , regarding the empire. They for
merly repelled it, he said, as a burden,
and that doctrine was carried to such ex
tremes by a man of splendid Genius, Glad
stone, that it produced a strong reaction,
which started after the disaster of Majuba
Hill and the death of General Gordon. The
death of Gordon, he continued, had'-been
avenged. Perhaps It was too soon to say
the great humiliation of Majuba had been
effaced or that the great wrong had been
righted,. but they felt they were on the
road to accomplish that end. Under the
brilliant guidance of Lord Roberts 200,000
soldiers, a larger army than had ever be
fore been ¦ sent across the samo expanse
of sea, were now engaged in reducing to
the obedlency to the Queen those terri
tories which ought never to have been re
leased and to restoring to South Africa
the only chance It had of peace, develop
ment and tranquillity.
The Premier next referred to the diffi
cult and Intricate Irish problem and said:
LONDON, May •.—The annual grand
habitation of the Primrose League was
held in Albert Hall this afternoon. The
spacious building: was gayly decorated
and was well filled. The Marquis of Salis
bury presided and received an ovation.
Mme. Albani sang a verse of "God Save
the Queen," whlclrwas then taken up by
the vast audience.
Henace Slowly Accumu
lating.
British Premier Sees No
Hope in the Future for
Home Rule.
He Also Tells the Primrose league
That He Can See Causes of
SALISBURY IS
NOT GRATEFUL
FOR IRISH AID
The first tragedy In connection with the
strike occurred to-night. At 9 o'clock a
Suburban car en route to the company's
sheds In the western part of the city was
passing a Baptist sanitarium, and a num
ber of men gathered in the grounds of the
Institution threw rocks at the car. Some
one on the car fired a shot at the crowd,
the bullet finding lodgment in the breast
of Frank Lebrecht. The wounded man
attempted to enter the sanitarium, but fell
dead on reaching the door.
¦ One story is that a police officer on the
car tired the shot. Dan Donovan was
placed under arrest by the police, charged
with firing the fatal bullet. Donovan is
Chief of Police Campbell sent a report
to the Police . Commissioners to-day tell
ing why he had been unable to control the
crowds Tuesday night. The presidents ot
both the Btreet railway companies ad
dressed communications to the board, ask
ing for protection. - :."
A dynamite cartridge exploded under a
car on the Meramec Highlands division
of the Suburban line with great force at
an early hour this morning. The force of
the explosion splintered the track, broke
off a section of one wheel and cracked the
axle. The car was occupied by a dozen
workmen of the company. Succeeding the
explosion a number of snots were flred in
quick succession, but the persons who did
the firing were not seen owing to the
darkness and nobody on the car was
struck by a bullet.
A proclamation from Mayor Zelgennelm
calling upon the people to preserve order
and avoid gathering on the streets was
Issued this afternoon.
The most important development of the
day was a meeting of prominent citizens
at the Mayor's office in the morning.
After assuring Mayor Zeigenhelm of their
hearty co-operation in all he might do to
prevent trouble and secure a settlement
the gentlemen proceeded to the Four
Courts, where the Police Board was in
session. The same representations were
made to the board and the delegation
asked that efforts be made to preserve
order. They were assured that the board
was doing all in its power.
The police for the first time since the
strike began showed some appreciation
of the situation and by dispersing the
crowds prevented a repetition of the riot
ous demonstrations of the previous day.
The streets were tilled with people, many
of them bearing small placards on their
hats and coats expressing sympathy with
the strikers, but they were not allowed to
congregate.
At the close of the day of armed Inac
tivity both sides expressed full confidence
in the outcome. The strikers accepted tht>
abandoned car tracks and silent power
houses as an Indication that the companj
was weakening. Frequent conferences
were held by the leaders of both sides ami
an air of secrecy prevailed around the two
quarters.
Far from relieving the. situation, how
ever, this demonstration had no further
effect than to show that by massing their
forces" on a single line the police could
keep that line open.
ST. LOUIS, May 9.— The second day of
the great street railway strike was not
marked by the turbulence and rioting- of.
yesterday, though the day closed with a
tragedy, one man being shot by em
ployes of the company.
The St. Louis Transit Company made no
effort to run Its cars, and the St. Louis
and Suburban made none until late In the
afternoon, when with police massed along
the line and a detachment on each car It
succeeded in setting a number through.
Further Rioting Is Prevented by the
Police, and Both Sides Claim
to Be Confident of
Victory.
Louis by a Railway
Employe.
- 1
One Man Killed in St.
SECOND DAY OF
THE STRIKE ENDS
WITH A TRAGEDY
SAN ¦ DIEGO, May " 9.— Rev.' P. E. ; Kip,
pastor; of the, First Presbyterian Church,
who' Bufferedtan*attack : of- apoplexy sev
eralfdaya;ago;«dledr to-day; .
Rev.:P.)E; Kip. Dead;
In . this ; . connection it was- pointed out
that there was really no secret about the
soft-nosed projectile, as the Navy Depart
ment, has been experimenting with the
projectile for years. - Later in the day -a
communication was submitted to the Sen
ate by Mr. Hale from the Bureau of Ord
ance of the Navy Department in which
was described minutely the. effect of the
projectile in question upon various klnd3
of armor." > It was shown that the projec
tile, which is a solid steel shot— not a shell
—carrying? no " explosive • charge. •> would
pierce the best of armor, when the condi
tions of ; the tests were,; perfect in every
way, but only, in such condition.
.After some brief discussion It was de
cided, Inasmuch as the salient facts had
been published.. that the armor-plate mat
ter might as '.well be considered in open
session.. " -x •"..¦•
After the galleries had been cleared Till
man reiterated substantially the state
ment concerning the Indian Head tests of
armor plate which he had made yester
day. He pointed out the effectiveness of
the projectile tipped with a polntof soft
steel against the armor tested and used
that fact as an argument against the pay
ment by the Government of what he term
ed monopolistic prices for armor." He
dwelt upon the vulnerability of the best
known armor— Including the Krupp armor
—against the projectile. He arraigned the
Navy Department for making public yes
terday the details of the armor test with
the pinch gun In which one of the soft
nosed projectiles pierced the plate almost
as if it were oak, declaring his belief that
the test had been mado public for the ef
fect it might have upon the Senate debate
on the pending bill.
Chandler felt that the Navy Depart
ment had not dealt frankly with the Sen
ate In respect to the Information. regard
ing the tests. v
Hear of Massachusetts discussed the"
subject briefly, deprecating the evident in
ability of the Senate to keep' its secrets
and criticizing the Navy Department ! for
publishing Information withheld from the
Senate. ; ¦ ' ' - "".;?•>
The publication in this morning's pa
pers of. the details of the secret session
held yesterday, In the course of which
Tillman of South Carolina laid before the
Senate information he had received at the
Navy Department concerning the armor
piercing projectile" that had played Buch
havoc with the best armor tested at the
Government proving grounds at Indian
Head, conyrnced 5 many Senators of the
futility of attempting by secret BessJons
to keep information from the public
However, .while Tillman was explaining
to the Senate to-day what he desired to
accomplish by the secret session yestftr
day, another "secret" session was moved
the Senate preferring to hear the South'
Carolina Senator's explanations behind
closed doors.
SENATORS DISCUSS
THE NEW PROJECTILE
WASHINGTON. May 9.— Apain to-day
the Senate discussed In secret session the
mysterious projectile with which the
Navy Department has been experiment
ing on armor plato.
all the allegationB of the majority. The
debute was on party Issues.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900.
3
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the won-
derful new discovery In medical sclenc*
fulfills every wish In promptly curing
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles,
rheumatism and pain in the back. It
corrects inability to hold water and
scalding pain in passing it, or bad
effects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and
the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root is soon realized. It stands trie
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should
have the best. Swamp-Root is purely
vegetable, is pleasant to take and Is
sold by all druggists in fifty-cent and
one-dollar sizes. You may have a sam-
ple bottle of this wonderful new discov-
ery and a book that tells all about it
and its great cures, both 3ent absolutely
free by mail. Address Dr. Kilmer &
Co., Bingrhamton, N. T. When writing
mention that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Daily Call.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Malt
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
SIL KILMEB'S S"W AMP-HOOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Men, who have suffered the tortures of
dyspepsia, will find encouragement ¦ in
the following letter. Jt points the way
to certain help and almost certain cure.
In ninety -eignt cases out of every one
hundred in which Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery is
used the result is a
perfect and perman-
ent cure. "Golden
Medical Discovery 1 *
cures diseases of the
organs of digestion
and: nutrition,
strengthens the
stomach, purifies the
blood, and nourishes
the nerves. It has
cured in hundreds of
cases after all other
medicines have ut-
terly, failed to give
relief.
K There is no alco-
hol contained in
"Golden Medical
Discovery," : and it
is entirely free from
opium, cocaine, and
all other narcotics.
« Your ' Golden Medi-
cal Discovery ' has per-
formed a wonderful
cure," writes Mr. M. H.
House, of Charleston,
Franklin Co., Ark. «I
bad the worst case of
BtglH&Jl I dyspepsia, the doctors
H^EEg^Y I I sa y. that they ever saw.
Z^^S^ 1 "- . . After trying seven doc-
tors and everything I could hear of, with no
benefit, I ' tried • Dr. Pierce'a Golden Medical
Discoi'erj', and now I am cured.?
Chronic dyspeptics may consult Dr.
Pierce } by letter free. ' Correspondence
private. ' Address Dr. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
Free, i- Dr. ; Pierce's ; Medical ;• Adviser
is sent free on receipt of stamps to pay
cost of "jotily. % Send 21 one-cent
stamps for paper-covered book," or 31
stamps ' for • cloth bound volume . Ad-
dress as above.
K\h Ha.r« Trrltten
Jfi to ea.y that
_4fi»^J Hudyan save
IBL&r? them strength
8 «3*' ¦% d * nA perfect
\5r^Sr&<' relief from
7 — 5*"2*Jl 7- pains and
• - W t> weak nesaes
O"Vt/-O natural to
pi*^ • their fn..
A^'S^rf. Fine* Hudyan !
Is lor bale by i
¦S-^i^^lXt) and within I
ESvrei \-HTSrt Imned late
&V£»£^Vl*il reach of every i
„ <; l?i'^?\i'*>G\, f| one. It Is safe i
if^sH'&cV'tx-*'-]- 1 to eay that
jC^^Eai^J^ cured thou-
i */£-' ¦'* - . ' ¦ x.j- £%* »" ei1 . wh ° have
' I l\?^t*» not written to
*£^'Wm \\&2Z5££. tell about It.
r^S<^fi CiKtliliW Hudyan Is a
***SKi!fe'U\ liin-r^-- boon to weak.
v -<^»J V f M rep52T*l P^ 8 - nervous
-±_~-m\\ 1 h'M0AV women, who
" 2a=s " IJ1 V VS P i.lxZ&$* I suffer with
">Y\\ (! f/j!-f227/L 1 r regularities
' ""Vv.' v '/ r/ti -•'- •¦Jid chronic
•¦ irV'vV '//i»a disorders pe-
\\ £H culiar to their
I _-// v ft ir ?* tei.
\V/ /§¦£&* •*¦ No woman
\J lM,£X'?y^3 »*e<J suffer.
&» /H-^YijCV™*-- Jor Hudyan Is
;;" 4h-WAZn££ c ur « tor such
troubles r>,iU
J>^Sl§§?5U*^£r <*¦ throbbln*
*='¦= £^,'#1 '• %_**:? headaches (S>,
.^gP 3 swfeS
-„.<•* **^ faces (6).
chcklnr sensations (E). orcreesed feellnir (4),
palpitation of heart <S). pain In back (1)— all
these, belons to women who are victims of fe-
male complaint. Hudyan affords prompt relief.
Hudyan. cures chronic ulceratkms or Inflam-
mations mucuous discharge (leucorrhoea),
painful or lrreeular periods. Hudyan estab-
lishes permanent health.
HVT Ml'flViV from your druirylet. BOc a
Utl niU»A,> package, 6 packages tt SO.
If your druggist does not keep it send direct
to the HUD YAK REMEDY CO.. corner Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
«. ¦$> of the Hudyan Remedy
I TinPTTIDC I * o> «««y *»• consulted
IJJUUIUAOI by letter or in pertan.
4> ij» Write your symptoms.
Benfl for Circulars end Testimonials of the
Great HUDYAX. Free. WrUft.
&CO^g$gX
E .IgATENTS^ X|
MARKET sjj SJ%*lS^
p% ¦ ¦ ¦¦ 4% Completely eradicated with-
Mil LV «»* ' cnttln* or trln*. No
Fit »¦ ,% cure, no pay. For lnfonna-
S .lU »«on address B. F. RECTAL
¦ — am _ lysTTTUTE. 1170 Market.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Paclflo Coast Steamship Co.
' F^OR THE
te^ CAPE NOME
GOLD FIELDS.
The New snfl Palatial Steel Steamship
SE3ST-A.TOP?.
Will £ail From San Francisco MAT 14th tor ih«
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Ms. beaule, leavlcg there May lStb. Subs*-
«nent trips will be from Seattle direct,. namely:
June net, July 21st and August JCth. Passes-
t-ers arc advised to tseptct the Senator befora
I trchaslng tickets via other steamers, as bar
•«cood-cl&ss «ind steerage accommodations am
tuperlor to tba first-dasa accommodations on
most ot the steamers advertised tor Nome.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company baa been
running lta rteamers ¦ to Alaska— winter " and
summer— for 26 years and Is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Ccast Use. For further Information in-
«uire of J. F. TROWBHIDCE. Ocean Dock,
Seattle. Wasn. N. POSTON, 2<s Wastaingtoa
«t- Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. 124 West Bio-
cno «t.. U>s Anreles. Cal. GOODALL. PER-
KINS A CO.. Gen. A cents, 4 New MontromtOS
¦it. «r u Market »t.. 8a& FrucUco, Cat
||g ' OHr ERE is a remarkable value in our Bh
E g^^ tailoring department: we have taken Nj
HI //j||ljPj|jI\ some fine black clay worsteds, blue gg|
H . -.JIIlL and black cheviots and indigo and g|
111 new light blue serges, which we are* Eg
lit making into sack suits and cutaways for flji
sH (& i o e? d~\ Us
111 • iiniininiiii T is a value because the same material
||| S?l put in made-to-order clothes, trimmed «
Hi §| | in the same manner, cost $20.00 any place. |||
j|| £m£i The regular market value of the xlothes is* ||]|
HI $20.00. This we are sure of—if you 19
HI knew the value as well as we, you would not fej
W& hesitate a minute in ordering. If you want to j||
(11 profit through this sale come soon, before the mm
111 cloth is all consumed. p*
'pi The making, fit and wear of every garment 11
!| are fully guaranteed. 1&
Money returned if you want it; or |f|
||| Clothes kept in repair free for one year. fe*
g|§| Out-of-town orders filled for made-to-order clothes— writs |c^|
kIII for samples; fit assured by our self-measuring b'ank. rjj
HI . , 718 Market Street and K^
||| Cor. Powell and Eddy. . ||i
1 HO 1 De P 3ndab|e Dru = s>
JFOR
I NOME I
I The Owl Is headquarters
I for all the "far north 1 '
I medicines. Always In stock
1 a large variety of Medi-
I cine Chests from $2.50 to
[I $20 each. No outfit com-
H plete without medicines
I from -The Owl.
H 100-page Drug Catalogue mailed -
l| free delivery to railroad points
3 Wltbln lOOmlleson orders of $5.00
3 or over; wben money accompanies
I the order.
N (!&&? PACIFIC COAST
I Ipl DR° EDISON'S OBESITY
I iMSi PIUs, Salts and Bands.
H* Write for Booklet. "How
H K^wLeS^JxCnS to C ure Obesity."
S IIIIthe owldhub co,-
13 vlOi&K Cut-n.au Drugglsti.
i| at©*\ *tS8 MAKKCT ST..
IJ >g--Jgjjffi > BAN FRANCISCO.Samuel M. Shortridgre has accepted an
invitation tendered to him by Rev. T.
Brown of the Starr King A. M. B. Church
to deliver an oration In honor of the one
hundredth anniversary . of ¦ the • birth ofi
John Brown, on May 13.
Will Deliver an Oration.
The athletic fleld at Golden Gate Park
has been placed in readiness for the polo
game to be played this afternoon by the
horsemen of Burlingame Country Club.
A cavalcade of ponies, the smartest ln all
the West, were brought up yesterday by
their grooms to be ln readiness for this
afternoon. If the weather permits game
Polo in the Park.
George Neustadt. the dishonorably dis
charged marine and detective Impersona
tor, appeared before Judge Mogan yester
day on a charge of vagrancy, but the case
was dismissed for lack of evidence. Neu
stadt was arrested on Franklin and Geary
streets by Policeman Robl on the night of
May 5. He was with a young man sus
pected to be a footpad.
Neustadt Gets Another Chance.
• Paloma Schramm, the child pianist,
made her reappearance after an absence
of two years at Sherman & Clay's Hall
yesterday afternoon, and was warmly re
ceived by a large audience. She Is ac
companied this time by her little sister
Karla, who has been her pupil for some
time and a very efficient one, as she
proved by her performance yesterday.
Little Paloma shows wonderful Improve
ment since she was last heard here. The
children executed several very difficult
compositions in a manner that won for
them warm applause.
Paloma Schramm Concert.
OAKLAND. May 9.— The Reliance Ath-
Jetic Club's monthly boxing 1 tournament
will be held Friday evening. Two three
round try-outs and three ten-round goea
are on the programme. The principal
matches are between Joe Sullivan and
Charles Troaat of San Francisco, at 123
pounds; Mike Joyce of Oakland and
George Watson, 115 pounds, and Billy
Martin of Lob Angeles and Jack Sullivan
of San Francisco, 135 pounds. Martin
beat Johnson at the club ln March In a
hot fleht, and Sullivan met Johnson be
fore the Columbia Club in San Francisco,
keeping him on the floor most of the
bout.
BOXING NIGHT AT
THE RELIANCE CLUB
will he called at 3:45 p. m. The field will
be slightly slower than that on which the
clubmen are accustomed to practice, but
this will not be apparent to the casual
observer.
Last Day of Hard Work.
Jeffries and Corbett each did a lot of
work at their training quarters to-day.
'It was the last real hard exercise they
"Bob" Stoll of the New York Athletic
Club was selected as timekeeper for the
bout. When the big fellows enter the ring
Jeffries will occupy the corner used by
him when he won the championship from
Fitzsimmons. Corbett will have the cor
ner which Fitzsimmons and Sharkey
used.
"Yes," Considine paid, "if you will make
the bet read ten rounds Instead of fif
teen."
When the referee question had been set
tled Brady announced that he had $10,000
to wager on the champion, and of this
sum $3000 belonged to Jeffries. Brady of
fered to bet $5000 at even money that Jef
fries would win inside of fifteen rounds.
Brady asked Considine if he would take
the bet. '
Articles of agreement provide that the
principals shall wear soft bandages, the
referee to be the judge of the texture of
the binding on the hands of the men.
Marquis of Qucensberry rules are to gov
ern the battle. Hitting ln the breakaway
and with one hand free will be allowed.
Each principal wijl have to protect him
self alter retreating from a clinch.
NEW YORK, May 9.— "Charley"
White will referee the heavy
weight championship battle be
tween Jeffries and Corbett in the
arena of the Seaside Sporting Club
at Coney Island on Friday night. White
was chosen at a meeting between George
Considine, representing Corbett, and Wil
liam A. Brady, appearing for Jeffries.
Brady informed Considlne that Jeffries
objected to "Sam" Austin officiating as
referee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Corbett." ho said. "Is a hundred per
cent better man to-day than he ever was
in his life. He is stronger and quicker
with his hands and feet than at any time
since he fought Jackson In San Francisco.
"Eddie" Burke Is a strong Corbett man
and will likely bet considerable money on
"Pompadour Jim" at the ringside. Ac
cording, to Burke's ideas.. Corbett is
stronger and cleverer than ever. ! B. O.
Pearsall entertains the same view, of the
battle as Burke and thinks that Corbett
will not only go the limit but will out
point Jeffries as well. John Considlne is
positive that Corbett will win back the
championship from Jeffries. He has
placed quite a few bets on "Jim" at good
odds.
Corbett Has Admirers.
"Jimmy" Cnlville of Boston is an en
thusiastic Jeffries man. "Billy" Hayes
fancies Jeffries' chances and wants to bet
$5000 against $2500 that the champion will
take Corbett'e measure. John L. Sullivan
tips Jeffries as the winner. Sullivan Bays
that Jeffries is in every way Corbett's su
perior.
"Corbett's friends may think that the
former champion la once again In good
fighting form," said he. "but they are de
ceiving themselves. I will bet $10,000
against $5000 that Jeffries beats Corbett.
I will also bet $4000 against $5000 that Jef
fries scores a knockout within twelve
rounds; $2000 against $10,000 that Jeffries
puts Corbett to sleep within five rounds."
Opinions of well-known sporting men
on the outcome of the battle are Interest
ing. "Honest" John Kelly picks Jeffries
aa a sure winner.
will take for the battle. Corbett will
leave his training quarters early on Fri
day morning and go to a Coney Island
road house, where he will remain until
the bell rings for the contest to begin.
Jeffries will come up on Friday morning
and in the afternoon will attend a mati
nee at one of the vaudeville houses and
after dinner will leave for Coney Island.
He will give the sports of the country an
other surprise when he meets Jeffries on
Friday night."
Kerrigan's St. Lawrence Dies.
John Kerrigan's St. Lawrence, one of
the noted greyhounds of America, ' was
killed on Tuesday evening. He was play
ing about his owner's house and became
impaled upon a sharp branch of a tree
Before assistance- could reach him hd
sustained Injuries from which he died ln
a short time. St. Lawrence was bred by
H. C. Lowe of Lawrence. Kans., and was
whelped in May, 1894. Ho was by Lord
Neversettle-Whfte Lips. As a performer
on the coursing field he had few superiors
and he was also one' of the three great
sires of the coast
J. Dean's Belle of Anderson beat It. H.
Farmer's Moonstone. 8—5; H. Lyneh's Clai
hourne beat R. L. Taylor"s Bald Head. 7—4:
T. Sullivan's Castle Island Boy heat J. M. Hal
ton's Corin's Flashlight. 5—2; Pasha Kennels'
Royal Anne beat K. A. McComb's Motto, 4—1;
J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glory beat J. Dean's
Magitle N, 4—0: J. J. Edmonds' Go On beat
H. Lynch'u Emma M. H— 3; J. Martenet's Fally
Iirass beat Condrey & Rought's Tea Shine. 5 — 2;
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon beat M. B. Kava
naugh's Hard Lines. 7-2; M. Mlchlliki's Ter
rona beat M. London's Sharkey. 5 — 1; Pasha
Kennels' May Hempstead beat Curtis & toon's
Cafch. 9—3; Hartels Bros.' Betsy Barrow beat
J. Dean's Pweet Lip*. 4—3: Sterl & Knowles'
O'Hara beat Aeneid Kennels" Maid of Krin,
4—1; Aeneid Kennels' Athena beat J. E. Klein's
Myetie, 8—0; Krwin & Lyon'e (silver Lyon beat
H. [* Taylor's Winning; Lassie. 3—1; Bartele
Bros." Winning Style beat H. Lynch's Game
Oock. 11—2; F. A. McComb's One Spot beat ,
Al Austin's Thomdale. 5—0: P. Winder's Risky
Attempt beat J. Keenan'B Mira Monte, 9 — 2;
M. London's Magneto beat E. Oasserly's
Silence. 8—1; Condrey & Rought's Nellie R beat I
Bartels Bros.' Best Bantatn, 6 — 4; J. Keenan's
Koyal Oak beat Condrey & Rought's Flying
Crest, 6— «; J. J. Edmonds* Whisky Hill beat
Al Austin's* Nora Lawrence. 6 — 0; J. ODowd's
Shootover beat Bartels Bros." Banner Bright,
6—0; J. McNeil's Pearl Mac beat H. Lynch's
Loiterer. 3—2; J. H. AV. Muller's Cruiser beat
Pasha Kennels' Round About, 3—2.
Second round— Belle of Anderson beat Clal
bourne. 7 — 4; Royal Anne beat Castle Island
Boy, 6 — 1; MorninR Glory beat Sally Brass, 5 — 0;
Agamemnon beat Go On, 6—3; Terrona beat
May Hempstead. 6 — 4; O'Hara beat Betsy Bar
row, 9—7; Silver Lyon beat Athena, 4—1; One
Spot beat Winning Style, 5—0; Risky Attempt
beat Magneto. 5—3; Nellie R beat Royal Oak.
11—8; Shootover beat Whisky Hill, b— 0;
Cruiser beat Pearl Mac, 8—0.
Third round— Royal Anne beat Belle of An
derson, 6—1; Morning Glory beat Agamemnon.
4—3; O'Hara beat Terrona, 14—4; One Spot beat
Silver Lvon, 4 — 0; Risky Attempt beat Nellie
R. 8—8; Shootover beat Cruiser, - 5— 2.
Fourth round — Roval Anne* beat Morning
Glory, 7—1; One Spot beat O'Hara, 4—1; Rtsky
Attempt beat Shootover, 6—2.
Fifth round— Royal Anne beat One Spot,;
10—2; Risky Attempt, a bye.
Deciding course — Risky Attempt "beat Royal
Anne, 12—5.
English Greyhound to Start.
The English greyhound Rural Artist,
formerly called the Royal Star. Is entered
in the slxteen-dog champion stake to be
run on Sunday at Union Coursing Park.
Eugene Geary's Palo Alto Is drawn
against Curtis & Son's Luxor in the same
stake. In addition to the champion stake
there will be a HG-dog reserve stake. The
total prize- money is $1020. Coursing will
commence upon the arrival of the 11 a. m.
train, on Saturday. The draw last night
resulted as follows:
Champion stake, sixteen dogs— II. Lynch's
Louie M vs. Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master
Ciair; U. Winders' Risky Attempt vs. E.
Geary's Ireland; Curtis & Son's Flying Fox
vs. J, Dean's Connemara; O. \V. Heintz's
Uerschel's Pride vs. Erwin & Lyons' May
Queen; G. Whitney's Theron vs. Curtis A
f>on's Cavalier; K. Geary's Palo Alto vs. Cour
tis & Son's Luxor: P. J. ReH!y*s Royal Union
vs. V. Silver's Reannex; R. L. Taylor's Mose
vs. Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist (formerly The
Itojr&l Star).
Reserve stake. 116 dogs— Captain P, M. Clark
son's Flower of Gold vs. Captain P. M. Clark
sen's Head Water; R. L. Taylor's Beauty Spot
vs. F. Schou's Smuggler: Condrey & Rought's
Flying Crest vp. J. Hurley's Hurricane; G.
Sharman's Wait a Bit vs. Curtis & Son's
Blarkette; J. Dean's Sweet Lips vr. G. Aber- !
cromble's Rock Island Boy; Curtis & Son's
Anchor vs. Bartels Bros.' Beer Brewer: Sterl
& Knowles' Oleta x - s. R. K. <Je B. Lopez's
Minnie Wa Wa; Aeneid Kennels' Maid of Erin
vs. G. Burfeind's Pastime; It. E. de B. Lopez's
Sara vs. P. McCabe's Boney Boy; Curtis &
Sun'K Cash vs. Condrey & nought's Nellie R;
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud vs. A. Vander
white's Master Gordon; W. IT. Lord's Revol
ver vp. T. Log-an's Miss Grizzle; I>. Winders'
Random Aim vs. Pasha Kennels' -Rest As
sured; J. M. Peterson's Sandow vs. R. L Tay
lor's Bald Head; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory
vs. T. J. Cronin's Rose of Tralee; Pasha Ken
nels' Rude Awakening vs. J. II. W. Miller's
Cruiser; J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste vs. Con
drey & Rought's Tea Shine; T. J. Cronln'a
Thornhill vs. J. M. Halton's Lavender; Erwin
& Lyons' Silver Lyon vs. J. Hurley's Shylock
Boy; Pasha Kennels' Reckless Archer vs. I).
Cronin's Swinnerton; C. W. Bonner's Bowery
Boy vs. J. M. Stllwell's Esmeralda; G. Shar
man's Walt a Little vs. T. Ludwlg's Lady
Garnet; J. Perry's Commodore Nash vs. Sterl
& Knowles' Sleety Mist; P. McCabe's Craiu
Boy v». Al Austin's Lns Angeles: J. Dean's
Ma-Tie N vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Carmencita;
3. Keenan's Mira Mnnte vs. O. Abercrombie's
Rock Island King; J. Dean's Nicaslo vs. Al
Austin's ; J. Dean's Belle of Ander
son vs. J. L. Ross' Just Tip: J. Carroll's Red
Hind vs. Curtis ft. Son's Commodore: T. J.
Cronin's Maid of Bail vs. R. L. Taylor's Win
ning La*?ie; Pasha Kennels' May Hempstead
vs. F. A. McComb's Little Sister; T. Logan's
Leah vs. A. Massey-s Hadlwist; J. M. Stilwell's
Alex vs. Erwin & Lyons' Silver Wings; J.
Holden's Scottish Chief vs. N. P. Whiting's
Wadena: M. Dunlea's Erin vs. D. K. Carter's
1 Hi*!h Jinks; T. J. Cronin's Vandal vs. E. Cas
serly's Silence; J. R. Smith's Jennie Wilson
vs. H. Lynch'* Lexington; W. O. Glasson's
Sleigh Bells vs. J. Dean's Brilliantine; Curtis
& Son's Vulcan vs. Pasha Kennels' Metallic; J.
Hurley's O. K. Capitol • vs. N. P. Whiting's
St. Anthony;" J. R. Smith's Petronius vs. W.'
Perry's Campania: Pterl & Knowles' Frosty 5
Morn vs. J. Carroll's Auckland; G. Abercrom
bte's Victor King vs. J. Keenan's Royal Oak;
E. & R. Scott's Lord Byron vs. J. O'Dowd's
Shooiover; J. Anthony's Patriot vs. T. .Sulli
van's Castle Island Boy; Pasha • Kennels'
Royal Anne vs. J. J. Edmonds' Go On; Curtis
& Ron's Echo vs. J. R. Smith's Master Daven
port; Harriean & Wiegand's Overture .vs. J.
Sheridan's Forest Queen; J. R. Smith's Magic
vs. J. Carroll's Biuestone; Aeneid Kennels'
Athena vs. J. Martenet's Sally Brass; Pasha
Kennels' Round About vs. Al Austin's Nora
I^awrence; J. H. W. Muller's Moonstone vs.
P. J. Reilly's Grafter; J. J. Edmond's Mornin*
Glory vs. Curtis & Son's Old Glory; J. Marte
net's Slim vs. M. Michlllki'n Terrona; Russell
Allen & Wilson's Miss Allen vs. . P. Doyle's
Wild Monarch; P. J. Rellly's Ploughboy vs.
Aeneid Kennels' Agamemnon; Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Julius Caesar vs. P. J. Rellly'B
Wilful Widow; Aeneid Kennels' Van Knat>p
vs. J. Ia. Ross' J L R, ;
2—1.
Condrey & Rought of Sacramento start
ed a number of well-bred voung grey
hound? for the first time. The best per
former of the lot proved to be Nellie R,
which beat Best Bargain and Royal Oak
ami was then retired by Risky Attempt.
The detailed results with Judge John
Grace's official scores follow:
better worker'than his opponent. In the
various rounds of the stake the ultimate
winner met Mira Monte, Magneto, Nellie
R, Shoctover, Cash in a bye and then
Royal Anne.
The bettors who play only the favorites
looked blue for a time. May Hempstead
beat Cash at 5 to 1 for a starter. Betsy
Harrow beat Sweet Lips. 5—3; Nellie R
beat Kest Bargain, 4—1; Tearl Mac beat
Loiterer, 3—1: Terrona beat May Hem»
siead. 5—3; O'Hara beat Terrona. 3—2 in a
long course; One Spot beat Silver Lyon,
David Winder's black pxeyliound Risky
Attempt, a product of Pasha Kennels,
met Royal Anno, representing the same
kennels, in tho deciding course of a forty
eight dog stake yesterday at Union
Coursing Park. Risky Attempt won hand
ily by a *core of 12 to 5. In a lonp run
up to the hare the winner showed him
self two JeiiRths the faster greyhound.
The hare bent to him decidedly, but this
did not affect the result. He proved a
A Good Attendance of Spectators
Views Coursing Between Closely
Matched Greyhounds—Up
sets in the Betting.
Royal Anne Was Defeated
for the Midweek
Stake.
RISKY ATTEMPT
WINS CLEVERLY
AT UNION PARK
"CHARLEY" WHITE TO REFEREE
THE CHAMPIONSHIP BATTLE
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900;
4
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(2700 tons burden)
.: . F. WARREN. Master.
— FOR —
Via Seattle, on or about
MAY 18, 1900.
The passengers' accommodations have been
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. The tables win be
supplied with the best the market produces,
and will be unsurpassed by any vessel in the
Nome trade.
Will Have Experienced Ice Pi'ots and Un-
excelled Facilities for Landing
Freight and Passengers,
Which will Insure a prompt landing at their
destination.
For passage, freight, cold storage or Informa-
tion apply at once to
J. J. HAVISIDE, 22 Market, Rm. 6.
Or to Purser on board.
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
Ma
Commercial Company
Will Dispatih, From San Francisco Direct for
NOME
St. Michael
THE FIRST-CLASS
S. S. SAN JOSE
BAILING
SATURDAY, JUNE 2d,
«!P. M.
FOR RATES APPLY TO
A I A Xk A
COMMERCIAL COMPANY
810 SANSOME STREET.
ifej, Valencia
\J "^^h tor
CapeNome
¦*• LEAVING
SAN FRANCISCO MAY 26
SEATTLE MAY 31
SECOND TRIP. I
LEAVES SEATTLE JULY 3
FIRST-CLASS LIGHTERAGE FACILITIES
AT NOME.
For passenger and. freight rates apply to
Pacific Steam Whaling Co.,
30 California St., S. F.
313 1st Ave. South, Seattle.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
Will DlBDateh From
BAN FRAXCTPCO Z*r*ct for
Tn» Well-KnnTrr, ALASKA FT/rRrt.
S. S HUMBOLDT,
bailing WEDNESDAY- -May 3D.
S. S. ZEALANDIA,
Becond sailing (approx.)... ..Jtm» Sta
Through nervlc* for Dawson and all Tukoa
Hlver. points. .' •
For .M.Mi»r» unfl freteM r, fM smir
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
General offices. 139 post stbiei 1 .
TOYO KISEN KAMi
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets lpm.
£ r Kl°?L OHA v Mj iT and HONGKONG/ calling aj
Kob* (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
r_" ••• .....Saturday. May 19th. 190©
SS. HONGKONO MATttX T.. .
"2 "ill:-' Thursday. Juns 14th. 1900
83. NIPPON MARU... Tuesday. July 10th. MOO
• Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421. Market street, corner First. \ ¦
W. H, AVERT. General Agent.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers Hare Broadway
fc^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
VfeSS^. Frr Al.-i.ok.tn ports— 11 a- R^-'
KSif^K May fi. 11. 15. M. 2*. 31. Jun»
«4ifC5«5j« 6. Chare- tu company steam-
(¦ii S<&»Vt!v3 »•!¦• at Seattle.
I^SjS^ V*il Fnr Vlrf-ia Vancouver 'T!.
LttSjErfff^l r >- Port Townnend. Pc«tt!».
r^WBBE Tairma, Kvprett. An«corte«
and New "Whateom (Wash.V-
11 a. m.. May «. 11. 1*. Jl. M.
II. June 5. and ererr fifth day therea»ter:
change at Seattle tn thl» eomTMiny"» rteam<»r«
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Rr. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. ¦
For Eureka. TTumboldt Far— 10 a. m.. May
I. 13. IS. a. M. June J and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cnii. Monterey. Pun Simeon. Cay-
ncos. Tcrt Harford fSan Lnls Chlspo>. Gaviota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenemi*. Pun Pedro.
Kast San Pedrr» (Lna Anyelert and Newport— "»
a. m., Jlay 7. U. 15. 19. 23. 27. SI. June 4 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Kan Die^o. stcpn'.ne only at Port Harfnm
(San Lois Oblspo 1 *. Santn Barbara. Pert lx>«
Anireles and Ped^ndn fl^s Aii?!m) — 11 a. m..
May ». 13. 17. 21. 25. 23. June 2 and tjrery
fourth day thereafter.
For EnsenAda, Maardalena Bay. San Jns* d»l
Cabo. Masatian. Altata. 1*. Pax. Santa Ro«all%
and Guaymas (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. May S. »ncj
7th of each month thereafter.
For farther Information obtain company^
folders.
The company reserves th» ri«rht to fn»n?*
«tpnmerii nnUlnsr rt«it»« and hours of sailing.
w (.».^... nr«T|nn* notice.
TXCRKT O*-T"TCK-4 New Montgomery
str»<»t »Pal»»c»> >Iotel>.
OOODALL. PFRKINS & CO.. Cen. Acents.
10 Market st.. San Frar.clsco. \
thf. n. p. % n. no.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Pnear-ttreet Wharf nt 11 a. m.
PARC $12 First Class Including Berth
IflilL $8 Second Closs and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May J. 13. 23. June 1
COLUMBIA calls May 8. 13. 23. June 7
Short line to Walla Walla. Spofeane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all onlnts East.
E. C. WARD. General Ajrent.
CO Market st.
GOODALL. PERKIXS * CO..
Superintendent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
mCW T03X. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. F1SX9L
¦ Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. nx.
New York May SfN'ew York May Ji)
St. Paul May 1« St. Paul June H
St. Louis May 231 St. Louis June 13
RED STA^ LINE.
New Yorl; arjd Antursrs.
Froir New York every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland May 9( Kensington May r>
Pouthwark ......May 1*. Nrordland Jun« •
WesternUnd ....May M:FrlMland ... Jar.s M
• EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio sails from Stenart-st. wharf. San
Francisco, for Ncroe. on May 15, 2:30 d. m.
From Sleattle May 24. All passcrser accom-
modations now taken, but limited freight spaca
Is still available. Subsequent satlln^a from
Seattle June 30. July 31. August 30. For rates
and oth»r Information apply to
INTKRNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
• SO Montgomery st.. or any of its agents.
C0XPA8NIE tENEBALE TRASSATLA2tTI3C3.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Palling every Thursday instead of^SiT^V
Saturday, from November 2. 1839.. at -*>W#*e?»
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North Itlver. foot of
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. May 10; LA.
GASCOGNE. May 17: L'AQUITAINE. May 24;
LA TOURaINE. May 31. First class to Havre.
t(0 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. {45; 5 per cent
reduction on round trja. GENKRAL. AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUOAZI £ CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHKRBOTJRO
«PARIS> AND HAJini'RU.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURG
AND HAMBURG.
For SalTlnr. etc.. Arply to
HAMBURO-AMKRICAN LINK. 37 B'Wr.ST.
PARJ3 HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured bofore departure
HERZOO ft CO.. Gen. Asts. for raclftc Coast,
401 California St.. corner Sansome. 9. F.
OCEANIC S. S. CO.-nO\OI,ITI,IT, APIA
AUCKLAND ASD SYDNEY.
8. 8. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)
t ....Wednesday. May 30. 1300. 2 PM.
S. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia Wed.. May It. IP. It,
I. D. SPKECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. <I4 Uuntjomer,
, Plar 7. Coot Pacific St. Fr9ioM0tnce.327 Marfcot St
Il/A1>UAP I Ilir hathor .eaoo Tons
llVOllIVO LBMLlUXOU ...6500 Tons
__^_____^______ 3EKAPI3 .4000 Tons
Monrhly Bailing for Valparaiso mad Hambnrg
via Mexican port*. Central. Soutb America, etc
8. S. CCTAVIA SAILS ABOUT Jf AY 12.
J. I>. BrRXCKItS * BROS. CO.. «i»»U. 114 noatsoawry St.
• r\rr <• 7— »r»lcH «XW». »« Jl»rt»t Si- Saw tn Bri.ro
BAY A1H3 BTVEB STEAMERa.
FOR U. S, HAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello. "
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m.: S:15. S:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Frt-
daj». 1 p. tn. and S:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. CO., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main VCS.
FARE ~ 50o
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
on Application;
¦
ATTORNEY
F. H. MERZBACH. lanryer. S03 Cal.. Clunla be.
COAL. COKB AND PIO JROX
j.c WILSONS ca. Tsayjjga.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. JI. BLYTH, Mgr
C-W. S511TH» lil! P S? ut TL blnff - Steamboat ana
lTwa 9^gV O r?; t Sh T J eS o te ne a ffi i^[- " "*
FRESH AND SAtT MEATS.
JAS BOYESS CO.. %IW^£». ™
V WI.NTIM i.
E- C- BUGflFS PRINTER
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
™%££ le PARTRIDGE 1 *
WflJTE ASfl STEAM COAL. gffg^J
Weak Men and Women
S^?«Hl f l; ? E DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Physicians the world
'*^tefc^ Srm?^gi^* over, prescribe for pa-
tite or vigor or when
Jjp|ii^ convalescing from a
31^^^^^ serious illness, the
It puts color in the cheeks, sparkle in
the eyes, braces mildly. Assimilable by
the weakest stomach, invigorating, re-
freshing. A boon to nursing mothers.
Prepared by
Anheuser=Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
Woman BoautSfuB
¦ A clear complexion is greatly desired by every woman and ad-
i mirpd by every man. The index of human beauty is the face. Good
t looks disappear when,. the face , is' | blemished by disease. Eruptions,
I pimples and similar blemishes are the direct cause of impure blood.
V Constitutional treatment is: necessary. By the use of ELECTRO-
V J ZONE all blemishes disappear. ELECTROZONE acts -on the blooJ
a and removes all impurities, giving the blood richness, purity and
•Ij.;, nourishing; power. No person need be embarrassed by facial blem-
ishes If they .vwill take proper treatment. :ELECTROZONE is gen-
1- ¦ erally known as the best remedy. It is used by women in all por-
w ' tions'of the civilized ,. world. ELECTROZONE enriches the cor-
i3 puscles of the blood, destroys disease germs, prevents sickness; tones
32 up the system, wards off lassitude' and fatigue incident to change of
g seasons. Thoughtful women prefer ELECTROZONE to all other
I blood purifiers: Ask your druggist; for- ELECTROZONE. $1.00 bot-
| Parify Your Blood With ELECTROZONE and Prevent Disease
I Bend fcr pamphlet to ELECTROZONE MFG. CO.. San FTanclsco.
WE DID IT!
We told you that we would
paralyze the shoe trade for at
least one month— and we have
done so. The rush still con-
tinues, and we still continue
to give the people
Good Shoes
... AT...
Low Prices.
SPECIAL PRICES FOR
LADIES' FINE SHOES
FOR THIS WEEK.
L3di-s* Very F:n?s- Qiulitv French Ki ',
Clcth or Kd lop Shots, hani-
spwrd solrs, s itcheJ edges, genuin;
LXV heels, latest stylish coin toe, pat-
ent Jeath<?r tip?, all sizes, a!I widths, at
$3.5O a Pair.
Form:r price $6.co
Also atout 6so pairs of
LAIRD. SCHOBER & COYS
Ladies' FinfstQuility French Ki J, Cloth.
and KiJ Top Lacs Shoes, hand-sewed
sole?, stitched edzes, new coin toe,
patent leather tips, all sizes, all
widths, at
$4.00 a Pair.
Former price $5.00 I
WE WILL ALSO CLOSE OUT
About 700 oairs of Ladies' Finest Quality
Paris Kid Cloth Top Lace Shoes,
hand-turn soles, coin toe, patent
leather tips, all sizes, all widths, at
$2.50 a Pair.
MEN'S~SHOES.
This week we will close out about 400
P2I-S of M*n£» Shoes, French Calf, I
patent Jeatn»r snd various kinds, at
75c a Pair.
Come and take a look at our show
windows and bargain counters. You
will find just what you want, and at
prices never before offered.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORES.
N0LAN~BR0S.,
812-814 Market Street,
PHELAN BUILDING.
£visi? OR. JORDAN'S qreat^
IMUSEUS OF ANATOMY?
& CH "-- ¥****? ST. Ut. Ctl t TX Z.T.C-JL d
\ The Ijrge*- AcstoizucAl Musetia fn tbc
m m<9MB*^ World. W eicr.n s.rs o t iny coctricted i '¦
%. felW «5«i«.c |>«^«f««»«-l7corodtiytheoldr«t j
fa fSS| Hit. j6 years. % 1
6 £ tt ]0[ j CS. JCSDJtH— PKrV&TE DISEASES 6
\ f 6bjWJ8 Comultajion fr« »~.i strictly priraw
8 £ A#^U Tr ' «' n '* rt personally <~r by letter. Ai
\ fi U yl B /1 °*-'" e<Vr *" leyer T a ' CUI «ien»*e*. \
a r J iw> u>Ite for B»k,PBii,o(i!ipai'«i A
W i 1^ ¦*»B«*CE. HAILED PREB. <aI
J 5 H *atu&ble book for EiraJ \
V DOMBDAJf A CO.. 10M Mftrtcet St.. 6. F. f
CAPENOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
OUR GOLD DREDGING PUMPS
UQC\Cm X ** r * e u «*s^ul at Nome la«
E\l%Ul7il T*»r. All others failed. In opera.-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson gt.. S. K.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
la Operation Daily. 63 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
ASSAYINCJ.
L.EAKC to pan. amnlitamate, etc in 10 dars
»a>. VAN DEH NAILLEN. S3 Market et "
DREDGING PUMPS.
Onr centrifugal pumps are g-olng to C»pe Xome
are you? Better buy oa»: Just the pump for
gravel; fca« Interchangeable parts. W. T.
¦ GARRATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma!
DREDGING POMPS.
Oil. Gasoline, Steam Ho1j>ts. Ontrlfupal Pumps
EnglrxMifcBollfra. HyidyMach.Wk8..«0 Fremont^
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
tanftf fresh or ealt trav*r for Fluiee boxes;
high or low lifts. Slmonds. 23 Market et.
ENGINES. ~~~
la ctock. steam, »ra*. gasoline; full line: mfrs.
price*. American Mfra. Asen.. 20 Fremont.
GOLT SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator ln
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co., 13t 1st.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving: Machine. 22S Fol-
Kom street. Oriental Gas Encine Company.
GOLD-SAVINO MACHINE
In operation dally at Mining Fair. Central
Park. Ofnce 117 Bealc Et.
SLUICE BOXES.
Klondike champion sluice saves gold: competi-
tion Invited 1798 15th et.. corner Guerrero.
ROCKERS.
The Hirhtest. cheapest and proven th« best for
placer work. I911H MlFslon st.
PARKS ALASK\ ROCKER.
Rockirut pump* the. water: self-clearing riffles
motion continuous. 2 Natoma, nr. Fremont
PLATED FOP SAVING OOLn.
Schaezleln & Burrid^e. 3 Hardle place', off
Kearny, between Butter and Bush streets.
F. W. CELL, Central Plating Works. KI Mis-
Bion it., S. F. Phone Jeftsle 301.
SILVER-PLATED M1N1NO PLATRS.
CET them «.t Dennleton's San Francisco I'lat-
ing V. crks. K.2 Mission Ft.
~~~~~ TANKS.
TANKS— Parlfle Tank- Co.. manufacturer* 25
Scale gt.. S. F.. 848 E. 2d tt.. Los Angeles.
NOME HIMNO SCHOOL. ~~
Jjrarn to know gold and rave It, to handle
amalgamating plates, etc. Central Park.
MEDICINE CASES.
FERRY DRUG CO . M »jy™ et , t
TYPEWRITERS.
Blldcensflerfer, especially adapted, durable, por-
table, reliable, practical; $40. 117 Suiter.
WHISKY.
FTTTVTFft BVP CHRISTr & WISE Comraer-
UUIT iCtt n tt> citj Co.. IZl-ZXt Sanscme St.
GROCERIES *ND PROVISIONS.
Outfit* packed. IRVINE BROS.. C70" Howard.
20S Fourtn, 1302 Polk and M41 Stockton. S. F.
LIQUORS- •
WHKITFV BLATZ BEER. Bethesd* Water.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BCRNHAM-6TAJCDEFORD CO.,- Washington
aad 1st tu., Oakland, or Builders' «?-r,j S. F.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SIOK HEASAOI.I
Positively cored byths&o
tittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dfspepafa,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
&Ct remtidy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsl*
ness, Bad Taste to the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LTVER. They
Regulate the Bowels, Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
. Small Price* 7
*>-O-4VO-*O-*> O-O-O+ O ? O-O-O-ttO+O-O-O-O-O*
4V __ -_ ?
o m Natura ' nBral Water I
4» jRw?V known for centuries and 4>
9 jf^Bi imported q
I $$#% ONLY IN BOTTLES. J
& /f^Ms**!^. or Disordered Stomach t
X msHBm and Indi^ 8Stion °
9 L ', 7i ,.7«S Its ralue has been testl. o
o 'led to by thousands, f
? VICHY •• So-call«d Vichy In Sy- ?
!*^!rffe>*i«: phons . X
0 IS NOT VICHY - ?
? '^^^T^ Get the Genuine.
9 fefe^tSft^ Tour physician 0
B«iWi™| wl11 recommend it. f
1 A. VIQNIEH. Distributing Agent J
"THE MOUNTAIN
comes to Mohammed" in % our case, aa
work piles. in upon U9 froii every quarter
without being sought. All /ye do i3 to give
satisfaction and turn out- work that can-
not 1 be , excelJ'-i. ;md i our customers do
our advertising. No frayed. edges on your
collars, . cuffs or -shirts, but everything
looking as spick, span and, new as right
from the furnishers. One trial is sufficient.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004- Market Street,
• i -¦ Near , Powell,
v Telephone— Office. South 42O,
Laundry, South 418.
NosePinehing
Eye fflassea i can be made comfortable with
OUR new clips, properly adjusted. .
Oculists' ".'. prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. , Quick repairing. Phone Main 10. '
j/; o "T->- W V r • i SCIENTIFIC A -
04Z MiQlRKET OT; INSTRUMENTS
ADVERTISEMENTS.Yesterday at noon at St. Paul's Episco
pal Church, in the presence of a limited
number of Intimate friends. Miss Doro
thy Studebak/er became the wife of Scott
McKeown of San Diego. The bride was
attended by Miss Catherine Hearneof
San Diego, who acted as maid of honor.
R. M. Greer of • Chicago was best man. "
After the ceremony the bridal party and
a limited number of 'guests weredrlven
to the Palace, wherean elaborate bridal
breakfast was served In the Maple Hall.
Mr. and Mrs. ¦ McKeown'' left yesterday
afternoon In the private car. of President
Rlpley of the Santa for : the south,
where the honeymoon will be spent.
Mayor Phelan Writes an Opsn Letter,
in Which Ho' Threatens to Use
Pow«r Vested in Him by
Charter.
The article published In last Sunday's
Call to the effect that Auditor Wells had
made up his mind to refuse to submit to
any arbitrary proceeding on the part of
the Civil Service Commission has caused
considerable comment among the officials
in the City Hall. Mr. Wells said yester
day that he had been correctly quoted In
this paper and that he proposes to stand
by his expressed purpose to select his own
clerks. He reiterated his Intention . that
at the, first sign made by the commission
or Mayor Phelan to Interfere with the
administration of his office he would take
the matter to court and restrain them
from any high-handed action.
When Wells was Informed yesterday
that it was rumored that the Mayor had
threatened to remove him as he had done
Recorder Gpdchaux the Auditor smiled
and said that "threatening" and "remov
ing" were two different propositions.
"I am fully prepared to defend my po
sition In this matter." said Mr. . Wells,
"and I mean to test the reputed power of
the Civil Service Commission to dictate
my appointments, and I will further test
the alleged right of the Mayor to act
summarily with any. city official who Is
desirous that the subject of civil service,
on the legality of which some of our
greatest legal minds have expressed grave
doubts, be ' fully passed upon by the
courts." . . . •. r: . ... - ¦ •
• Mayor Phelan K<^d .vesterdaa- . that he
He Reiterates Determination
to Test Its Legality in
the Court.
WELLS DEFENDS
HIS STAND ON
CIVIL SERVICE
Quiet Ceremony Unites
Miss D. Studebaker and
Scott McKeown.
NOON WEDDING
- AT ST. PAUL'S
The Auditor has stated informally that he
would prefer to appoint his own clerks; but the
charter, which creates his office, does not allow
All the clerks In the Auditor's office are un
der the civil service except the Deputy Auditor,
who is the personal appointment of the Auditor,
and the charter declares that any appointment
not made in conformity with the civil service
provisions "shall be void." (Section 2. art.
XIII.) Therefore any clerks appointed by the
Auditor not in conformity with the charter will
not. receive their pay from the Treasurer.
In the matter of the dispute with the Auditor
concerning the municipal civil service I desire
to make this statement: The Auditor has had
no communication with the Civil Service Com
missioners nor with me, and the Civil Service
Commission- haa had no appointment with the
Auditor on the subject.
will act with Wells exactly the same as
he did with Godchaux to compel him to
coroply with the civil service provisions
of the charter. The Mayor says that the
matter has not come up officially as yet.
but he prepared a lengthy circular on the
subject which explains his attitude In the
following language:
In conclusion, the Auditor, first, must set
authority from the Mayor and Supervisors to
employ extra clerks, which they will grant:
secondly, he would be required to take them
from the eligible Hat If It were ready, but
as It Is not ready, the Civil Service Commis
sioners can. and no doubt will, approve of h!s
appointees for a period not exceedir^t sixty
days: third, when the eligible list for clerks
is ready the Auditor will have to take them
from that list, otherwise h!s appointments
shall be void.
Section 23. article XVI. reads: "'When any
officer, board or department shall require ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employes, appli
cation shall be made to the Mayor therefor.
and upon such application the Mayor shall
make Investigation as to the necessity for such
additional assistance, and if he find the same
necessary he may recommend to ths Super
visors to authorize the appointment of such>
additional deputies, etc, subject to provisions
of prttcle XIII." which Is the civil service ar
ticle.
There is nothing in the contention of th»
Auditor that the duties are Imposed upon him
by the State and that, therefore, he is In
dependent of the charter. The Auditor is a
purely municipal officer, as ilccided in Kahn
vs. Sutro. The Treasurer. Supervisors. As
sessor and other officers perform duties for
the State, but are. nevertheless, subject to the
charter.
Tho Auditor will require about twenty clerks
for ten days, beginning May M. The charter
says j(ch. 2, sec. 2. art. IV) "he may employ
such extra number of clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the law
ful discharge of hid official duties as the Board
ot Supervisors may designate."
The Civil Service Commissioners informed me
to-day that they will give their approval to
the Auditor for ten days, so that ends th»
question for the present. When the Civil Ser
vice Commissioners have held their examina
tions of course the Auditor, In common with
other officials, will have to take hla clerks from
the eligible list.
approval of the Commissioners, make tem
porary appointments to remain in force not ex
ceeding sixty days, and only until regular ap
pointments under the provisions of this ar
ticle can be made."
"To prevent the stoppage of public business.
or to meet extraordinary exigencies, the head
of any department or office may, with the
On investigation I find that there Is nothing
In the attitude of the Auditor which brings
the matter up at all. He Is required by the
Political Code (sections 3753-3763), on the third
Monday In May. which la the 21st. to prepare
a certain statement for the Controller of the
State, and Is given ten days In which to do
it. Now as the Civil Service Commissioners do
not hold their examination for clerks until the
2.*th of May. as advertised In the official organ,
there will be no eligible list. Therefore the
Auditor's appointees on the 21st of May will
not be civil service men. This Is done under
the civil service provision, which reads as fol
lows:
I have had no communication with Auditor
Wells, and when Interviewed last night merely
ftated, after expressing surprise, that If the
facts were the same as In the case of Recorder
Godchaux I would pursue the same course. In
that case I, In a written communication, re
quested the Civil Service Commission to report
to me the facts, and I promised to use whatever
power was given me by the charter to uphoM
the civil service provisions; nor did I Jo this
till I first consulted the Board of Supervisors,
because It Is they who try an elected officer,
who may be Impeached by the Mayor.
The duties of his clerks are of such a nature
that there Is no reason why the Civil Service
Commissioners," through free competitive exam
ination*, cannot give him entire satisfaction.
He asks for clerks, and when they are certified
to him he makes his selections and they are
then put upon probation lor six months, and at
any time during that period he may complain
of the unfltness of a clerk and, with the consent
of the Commissioners, dismiss him and apply
for another.
Under the old system the clerk received his
position as p. political reward; but under the
new system he receives It because he Is quali
fied, and hence public officers stand a much
better ehance of Betting competent clerks than
they did before, and the only way ef proving
this is for gentlemen elected under the charter
and pledged In Its support to now abide by Its
provisions.
him to do eo, and It Is Idle to discuss the
question.
Builders' Contracts.
. Lr>uis Salomon 'o^mer) with William Hel
b;n« 'contractor), architect M. L. Hanman—
Carf*mer work, rla^tering. plumblnp. peJnt
!ng, etc.. for a thr«*-story frame building on S
line of McAllister street. 34:8 W or Webster. W
25 by S 67:6; $C0O.
Colonel Marceau has kidnaped his little
boy Theo Jr. and Is speeding away with
him toward the Eastern metropolis. Mrs.
Marceau, prostrated with grief, lies toss-
Ing en a bed of pain, praying for a sight
of that beautiful baby boy that a cruel
father has stolen from her.
Word of the colonel's flight from the
State, taking with him his little son, first
came from Los Angeles. On Monday
evening Marceau. accompanied by little
Theo, slipped quietly away by the Owl
train, reaching Los Angeles the following
Monday. On his arrival in the southern
city the doughty colonel repaired to his
gallery on Spring street. A few moments
later Theo Jr. was taken away by an
unknown man. At 10 o'clock Marceau
and his clerk wont to the Santa Fe up
town ticket office and purchased tickets,
after which Marceau entered a cab and
was driven to the Santa Fe depot. The
boy was on hand and soon the colonel
and his little son were steaming away.
After the Issuance on Monday of the
writ of habeas corpus commanding the
production of baby Theo in court, the
Sheriff made an effort to serve the same
upon Colonel Marceau. but without avail.
It was evident that he was attempting
to evade the process of court, and in ac
cordance with the usual procedure in such
cases Mrs. Fiske-Marceau-Fennell made
affidavit that to the best of her informa
tion- and belief he was evading the pro
cess with the object in view of fleeing
from the custody of the court. Upon the
filing of this affidavit Judge Dunne issued
a bench warrant commanding his arrest
for the offense of evading the process of
court, and It Is this warrant which Mar
ceau has evaded in his flight from the
State.
An effort to locate Marceau will be
made to-day and at any hour ne may
reach some station and find an Arizona
posse, warrant In hand, ready to receive
and hold him until legal process can be
perfected to compel his return to this
city. A criminal charge of kidnaping will
In all probability be lodged against Col
onel Marceau to-day. Marceau Is doubt
less of the opinion that as Judj?e Troutt
refused to disturb the order ratifying the
agreement by which he obtained the cus
tody of baby Theo he Is still the legal
custodian of the child, but on, this point
the lawyers differ. Attorney Boardman,
who represents Mrs. FIske-Marceau-Fen
nell. has filed an appeal from the order
ratifying the agreement, and in law the
power and effect of the agreement are
nullified until this appeal has been finally,
adjudicated. On this theorv tho effort to
stop Colonel Marceau in his flight will
be made. If he Is located a warrant will
Insure his removal from the train on
which he Is a passenger and extradition
paper* will bring him back to the scene
of his troubles.
Little Theo's Mother Is Prostrated
With Grief and Sobs and Moans
for Her Little
One.
MARCEAU HAS
KIDNAPED HIS
OWN BABY BOY
To Be Arrested on a Crimi
nal Charge and Brought
Back Home.
Uncle Says Nephew Shot at Him.
Patrick O'Connor, living at 1016 Bryant
street, claims that his nephew, who is
also Earned Patrick O'Connor, made a de
termined attempt to assassinate him last
Sunday evening. According to his story
he was standing on the back porch of his
home when his nephew took a shot at him,
the builet passing In. dangerous proximity
to his head. -
As he turned around his nephew 6truck
him on the h«=ad with the butt end of
the revolver. Inflicting an ugly scalp
wound. The youth then ran away.
O'Connor claims that his nephew wa.s
angry at him because he had ordered him
out of his house, and Fhot to be reveng-ed.
THERE was a large attendance at the
opening session of the twenty-fourth
annual convention of the California
State Homeopathic Medical Society
in the marble room of the Palace Hotel
yesterday morning. Of those present tht
majority were ladies, but all or nearly all
were doctors. The sessions will last three
days, and a programme of grfat interest,
embracing scientific and lay subjects, has
been arranged. The members from the
interior will be entertained at a banquet
by their fellow physicians whose homes
are in the cities bordering on the bay. To
morrow evening at the conclusion of the
labors of the convention a reception will
be given by Dr. James W. Ward, the re
tiring president of the society, and his
wife, Dr. Florence N. Ward, at their resi
dence, 2700 Broadway.
The first business of importance at yes
terday's session was the election of offi
cers, who will be installed at the close of
the convention. The result was in most
cases a re-election. The new officers are:
President, J. C. Kirkpatrick, M. D., L<os An
reles; first vice president, William Boericke,
M. D.. San Francisco; second vice president,
Florence N. Ward. M. D.. San Francisco: sec
retary', Eleanor F\ Martin, M. D., San Fran
cisco.
Board of Censors— Pliny R. Watts, M. D.,
Sacramento; W. J. Hawkes, M. D., Los An
gelea; Francis B. Kellogg; M. D., Los Angeles;
W. E. Waddell. M. D., Los Angeles; Henry' L.
Stambach. M. D., Santa Barbara.
Board of Directors — J. M. SellrldRe. M. D.,
Oakland: William Boerleke, M. D.. San Fran
cisco; Charles L*wls Tlsdale, M. D. t Alameda:
A. C. Peterson, M. D., San Francisco; Sidney
Worth, M. D., San Francisco.
Board of Examlners-rCharles Lewis Tlsdale,
M. D.. Alameda; A. C. Peterson, M. D.. San
Francisco; K. R. Bryant. M. D., San Fran
cisco; Guy E. Manning. M. r>:. San Francisco;
William Boericke, M. D.. San Francisco; Fred
erick G. Canney, M. D.. San Francisco; J
Kastendleck, M. D., San Francisco.
Alternates— George H. Palmer, M. D., Sal
Diego; H. R. Arndt, M. D., San Diego.
Committee on Legislation— Charles Lewis Tl»
dale. M. l>. (chairman).- Alameda; H. R. Arndt
M. D.. San Dleeo; William Simps-on. M. D..
San Jose; Pliny R. Watts, M. D., Sacramento;
George H. Martin, M. D., San Francisco.
The election and preliminary matters
occupied the morning session, and it was
not until 2 p. m. that Mayor Phelan arose
and welcomed the visiting physicians to
the city. His address was responded to
by Dr. E. C. Buell of Los Angeles.
Dr. Ward, the president, then read his
annual address. It was entitled "Why Am
I a Homeopath," and was an able exposi
tion of the principles of the homeonathici
school and a plea for fairness and the ex
ercise of reason and right in their consid
eration by doubters and disbelievers. His
paper was roundly applauded, and a com
mittee consisting of Dr. George H. Mar
tin, Dr. Guy E. Manning and Dr. E. C.
Buell was appointed to consider the ad
dress and make recommendations to the
President James W. Ward, M.D., Delivering- His / nnual
Address.
society on the lines followed by Dr. Ward
in his argument.
The bureau of medical education, sta
tistics and necrology was then called on
for its portion of the programme, and Dr.
Buell opened with his paper entitled "The
Classroom and the Professor — Their Influ
ence on the Moral, Professional and Intel
lectual Life of the Medical Student. With
Particular Reference to the Mission of
Homeopathic Medical Colleges." Dr.
Buell decried the forcing process which
he said was so common in the schools, and
he dwelt on the important part the educa
tor played in shaping the after life of the
pupil. Dr. Buell was followed by Dr.
Boericke, whose paper, entitled "Home
opathy in the Homeopathic Colleges," was
on much the same lines as that of Dr.
Buell.
Dr. George H. Martin of San Francisco
followed with a paper entitled "The
Dangers of Our Public School System."
He said there was no harmony between
the schools of one county and Jhose of
another. There was no attempt to estab
lish a course of study that would be the
same all over and there was no attempt
to keep the schools throughout the State
up to the same standard. He said, too.
that the schools are overcrowded: that
studies are multiplied and recitations
piled one on the other until the pupil is
borne down under the weight of all he
has to learn. He instanced the case of a
child in the fifth grade who -has sixteen
recitations a clay, and he compared him
to a student of Yale with whom he had
spoken who had fifteen recitations a week
and thought he was working hard at that.
He advocated fewer studies and more
thorough drill in them, less home work,
smaller classes and better co-operation
among the teachers all over the State.
He paid a high compliment to the teach
ers themselves and declared that wher
ever the blame for the system lay it
surely was not with them. He argued
that if physicians by concerted effort
could enforce sanitary regulations, quar
antine laws and health restrictions and
precautions in a city he could not see
why they could not stop to do something
for the children in the schools.
Dr. H. R. Arndt of San Diego closed
the afternoon's proceedings with a talk
on "The Protecting and Elevating Effect
of Medical Legislation Upon the Medical
Profession."
At the evening session several interest-
Ing papers were read. Dr. Crawford of
San Mateo read a eulogy on Leonard
Pratt, M. D., who died during the past
year: Grant Selfrldge. M. D., read a paper
on "Acute and Chronic Mastodltis." illus
trating with lantern slides: J. M. Self
ridge. M. D.. discoursed on "Symptoma
tology, or Pathology as a Scientific Basis
for Prescribing— Which?" and A. C. Hart.
M. D., spoke about "Stomatitis," with
lantern-slide Illustrations. Papers were
also read by Drs. George H. Martin, Guy
E. Manning. Frederick G. Canney, E. C.
Manning and A. K. Crawford.
Sailor Ziegenbein Gives Away Story
of His Fake Identification of
Alleged Footpad.
"Did you see Getz at the City Prison?"
asked Judge Mogan of Sailor Albert Zieg
enbein yesterday morning.
"Yes," replied the sailor. "A policeman
took me in there and said, 'Go along the
cells until you see a man alone in 'one
of them. That man is Getz. Take a good
look at him.' "
Barry Getz was before the court to go
through a farcical examination on the
charge of attempted highway robberv
preferred against him by Ziegenbein. In
view of the fact that a charge had been
made to the effect that Getz's arrest on
suspicion of having shot Bortzmeyer was
a piece of spite work on the part of a
police officer and that Ziegenbein had
been induced to tell the Howard-street
fairy tale against him to support that
charge, the answer created a sensation.
Judge Mogan tried to find out the name
of the police officer who had told Ziegen
bein to look at Getz. but the sailor said
he could not remember it. He could not
even give a description of the officer, he
said.
Ziegenbein told a rambling and contra
dictory tale. He was badly mixed up by
the cross-questioning of Attorneys Nap
thaly and Friedenrich, who represented
Getz.
Judge Mogan said he was Convinced the
sailor was romancing and ordered the dis
charge of Getz.
William Cronin, footpad and safe
cracker, made a good many contradictory
statements yesterday when questioned by
the police and reporters. It has been.im
possible to get any definite information
regarding his movements since the time
he escaped from the Auburn Jail. He
claimed that when he left Auburn he
went up toward Truckee and from there
toward Marysvllle. On the road to the
latter place he declared some "bum" told
him the officers were looking for a man
of his description, and he then started
for San Francisco, avoiding the towns en
route.
On the morning that Bortzmeyer was
shot. May 3, Cronin declared he must
have been on the road near Marysville.
He said he had not yet reached San Fran
cisco from Auburn.
It the police are correct, and they base
their belief on pretty strong evidence,
Cronin lies when he cays he had not
reached this city on May 3. Captain of
Detectives Seymour has evidence going
to show that Cronin and his young com
panion, now known as George DliTendorff.
broke open the safe in Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s office at San Leandro on the morn
ing of May 1. If this is so, they doubtless
came at once to this city and remained
here until the following Sunday morning,
at which time they broke open the safe
in the Benicia Postofflce.
"Where did you get money to buy food
with after your escape from the Auburn
prison?" was asked of Cronin yesterday.
"I had about $12 in my shoe when I
was jailed." was the reply. "1 came to
this city intending to take the steamer
for Portland. 1 first met the boy who is
with me last Sunday morning."
Cronin told a reporter he had never been
in Sacramento. To Captain Seymour he
said he got the bulldog pistol found, in
his possession in that city last Saturday
night. He picked it up in a room of the
Fort Wayne lodging house, he said. On
Tuesday Cronin said he spent Saturday
night in San Francisco.
Yesterday John Collins, blacksmith: J.
F. Clvne, Assistant Postmaster, and Con
stable William D. Hyde of Henlcia ailed
on Captain Seymour and Clyne identified
the bulldog pistol as the one stoltn from
the Postottlce safe at Benicia. Collins
said he saw Cronin In Benicia last Satur
day in company with a man resembling
Diffendorff.
Constable Thomas came over from San
Leandro yesterday and gave Captain
Seymour a broken drill found in the safe
thnt was opened there. This drill was
of the same size and make as the three
found on Diffendorff. They are all of
Mor.se make and 7-32 of an inch in size.
Diffendorn!, when asked about the
drills by Captain Seymour, said defiantly
that he would explain allthat iu court.
The sentencing of Cronin and Diffen
dorn* on the charges they pleaded guilty
to has been postponed to Saturday fore
noon next. It is deemed best to hold them
in the City Prison at present. Under the
name of George Degendorf the younger
man was sentenced November 19, 189S, to
serve ten days for battering W. Grand
man.
Postal Inspector Erwin will charge
Cronin and Diffendorff before the Federal
Grand Jury Friday with having robbed
the Benicia Postofttce.
POLICE OFFICER TOLD
HIM TO LOOK AT GETZ
A dispatch from Auburn last night
states that Cronin broke jail there on
April 2S. He was serving- a term for
vagrancy.
?
Strong Evidence That He, With His
Young Companion, Robbed the
Safes at San L>eandro
and Benicia.
Was Probably in This City
the Night Bortzmeyer
Was Shot.
CRONIN'S MANY
FALSE TALES OF
HIS MOVEMENTS
HOMEOPATHS MEET
IN ANNUAL SESSION
Three Days' Convention of the State
Society Begins in Marble Room of
Liic raiace.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900.
Lectured to Socialists.
Dr. M. F. Underwood lectured last night
at .the Turk-street Temple at the meet-
Ing of Branch No. 1 of the Socialist Dem
ocratic party of America. The subject
was "The Causes of Disease."
MRS. SCOTT McKEOWN.
5
[ OUT! [
i :W J ,_y^ By DR. HcUUGHLIN'S |
SI &s«^ __ :^ sy ELCtlKlt DELI! a
¦ { U Wh at would you say of J
b / \/^ [ i y^W^T^ , power which in a few m
g / // ,:, • Y\[ v\\\ «ays relieved and in a few weeksentirely cured ¦
¦ Jl 'I \[ • *2j f: AllhrnWi Pa«ns of 30 years' standing? Such is the ex- ¦
¦ ¦/«/ \ V, 'IB/////' If P enence of many whom my wonderful appli- . ¦
¦ ¦¦Mil rJk S£^Z0-- iff//// \ ances nave to health and happiness. 3
¦ ¦ " (V I /Wk *• ' f/fl/// '\ Mr - Hu K h Fraser. llvintt at 21DH Elm iIr - A - c - Hammond. 33 Merchants* 51
S S\ WWms/A, — i . =::: J\'l \ l * uffe red from lumbago pains and -<cl- cured m" at the age of 73. of all weak- n
w ,lllfflifit!Jlllrv * ==r v / ? s \ at!ca for th 'rty years hef,- re usln? your ne9a in r!a '" k and Kidneys, so that I "
" /MKfk^^k^^K \ Electrlc T ; ea r pnt - anA la two months sa :^r: a r^ >s §
m ///MxSKwyj////V&-& : $^fyV L^~~-*^ \ V y° UT wonderful Belt entirely cured me. It ha-s p1<.o restored me to visor anj •»«
n WW/M'/// /^^r^. \ \ soun<1 h ' alth -
B-v-W^ "/"J x^ , a Life Is golden when wrapped in the glow of health, h
m My Electric Belt has brought gladness to thousands of homes by restoring the sufferer. It is B5
¦ the grandest remedy for KIDNEY and STOMACH TROUBLES. RHEUMATISM and all NERVOUS ¦
¦ WEAKNESS, for It fills the system with vitality, strengthens the nerves, builds up the mus- g»
5 cles and circulates the blood. : _ ¦*^.- j£
S Send for my new book free, or call if you can and see my method. li
m HD 1UI" A Tl/f^T ATTI^OT TAT 7O2 Market Street, Comor Kearny, m
m I IK III A IflPB , U I I IT H hi San Francisco, and Cor. Sprin? H
¦ .• ..v^.l/JLli 111* JCX« lrlUJUXJL U \A 11U111 j and Second Streets. Los Angeles. £*
¦ Office Hours— 9 a. m. to 8 p. tn. Sundays 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUO STORES. £|
¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BIHIBlBBHRllllllBBIlBIIlHIBBSBaaiBBBBaSBBaiBllBllSBlSaiS
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION,
In accordance with the fi!r«;t!orii of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives of the Repub'.lcan
Tartr from the several Ftates assemble In Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
Ftate ct Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the 18th
day of June, A. D. 1950. at 12 o"clock noon,
fcr the purpose of nominating candidates ior
the cfSee cf President and Vice Prrtident of
the United States, and for euch other business
as may be brought before eald convention; and
lr. accordance with the Instructions given by
eald National Commltt>ee. directing that the
Ccr.rre?sicnal District delegates ehall b? chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each said district. In the same
r-.ann»r as the nomination of a Representative
In Congress la rr.ade In eald district; therefore,
be It
Rfsrlved. By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA.
rerref«Et!r.R tne Republican Party of said
Etate. that the Congrenilonal Committees of
the eeveral Congrera'.onal Dletrlcts of the State
of California are hereby advised and requested
to cal! Congressional Conventions of their Con-
Eresslor.al Districts, to be held as hereinafter
jirovlded. at which two delegate* shall be
chosen to represent earh of such districts In
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held an aforesaid, and for the
rejection of tv.o alternate deli-rates, to act In
ca*e of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection cf th» d<?le>cates of the Con-
presticr.al Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
dlairlct. in accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
I-rovlded. That the basis of representation
to t-:al<l Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows., to wit: One <Je!»eate fcr each Assem-
bly iJlptrict within the ConKTPRsion.il District:
provided, that where any Assembly District
err.brac** more than one county, there ehall be
one dflf-cate for each county and fractional
part cf a county In ruch Assembly District,
and <-,rn» d^le^at" for oach 300 votes rast for
Henry T. Gage, Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In 1858. rj)d one delegate for each frac-
tion of IL0 votes or over.
It Is further directed that ths delegates
chosen to the Conjrresnional Com-entlon* shall
meet In Stat<» Convention at the city cf Sacra-
rnento. r -a TUESDAY, the 15th day of Mat
JJOO. «t 2 o'cIk-W p m.. to select four delefcates-
at-lar*.* to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternat" ll»1f»»t— , t.> act In case the delegates
tielecu-'l be abBont. fcr th* election of a State
Otitrn; Committee, and lor the transaction of
ruch further l-mrfrie** «s may be brought b«-
torf the *ald Slate Convention.
It is further rtirertfd that where primary
elections are held the test for voters shall be:
"I believe In Republican principle* nnd In-
dorse the n»pub:iran policy and the admin-
istration cf President McKlnley. and intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the erruir.* election."
It Is furth»r dlrwied that contests must b*
filed with Um of the Congressional
Conmitte- tn writing, with a .full etatement
cf the prounds of the contest, five days pre-
e*-d1r>R th« meetlnir of the Ftate Convention.
All matt'ni relating to irach «-onte»t before the
Concref*ional Committee, with eald Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the Rtate Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the l«h
Cny of M«Y. 1*00-
Adopted hr the REPUBLICAN' RTATE CEN-
THAT.. CO11MITTKE *t Son Frandiieo, April
t, »»a E. C. UART. Secretary-
Now for the MenF |
On Thursdays and Saturdays until further notice the :«
big store will hold special sales of merchandise for x
men. Thi? is as much of a man's store a3 a woman's. We have jc
heavily stocked Clothing:, Men'3 Famishing and Hat Depart- •£
ments; a Retail Cigar Store, that se'ls most hrand3 of 12^3 !«
Cigars for 10c, and most brands of uc Cigar3 7 for 25c / j*
and a Liquor Department carrying all brands of Liquors in *J
popular demand in this city. There is nothing that a man needs "si
that we cannot furnish at money-saving prices, and to make this %
fact even better known than it is now, we inaugurate these «J
special Thursday and Saturday Sales for men. Watch for our JJ
men'j "ads" on those days. *<c
Shirts J& [G 'eg sirs %?sr i
62c-$1.O2. !£* I/O for ISc.mS™- %
r a lar»e! c/av H
samph line of Shirts of tha celebrated jon/y—Tha popular little Cigar k".own «j|
"Monarch" and "Acorn"Trand3 — aj Granl Republic Scintillas— '^
those that re- »-=sj^5n 1O fOi* 15c f •*
main are chiefly 1HH fnr» *»/! '5
Golfbhirts, thH I'frxilfliiFS} Cigar Department-RotunUa. - *
year's sty e?. ¦ lfJ'fl$£M,V?m - •*
made of the best tttiiilvfalfl'!! II I D3> ~*. * r, ~*> ? On '2
quality of Mad- MMMi!/ BO^S* %% C - $
ras cloth; we tf?> -+ *»*»^ Cial •«
place the bal- -^^^#//M/ SUitS SZC. salo •?
ance of them /5fr?w^i?¥ J I'll If lit Thvrs- \
On special M'MftfMIWI'y'r day Only— Two lines of Eoys* Wash >f
salo Thurs- wM/wj I' Hi I V Sni^ at 62c and " <*
day only. MiM ill 'I $1.19 respecti«ly. jj£s£\ S
Lot 1- An as- Wf .'(I'll IT I' I Lot 1 — 80 Wash K«*r.J *
sortment of Suits, for boys 3 to 8 ~J?~tr Z
ft Mon- years of age. bright. Jfc~^L "'*
arch" and "Acorn" Shirts, made of nobby patterns full •*
good llalraa, in pretty patterns, all cat blouses, well made fArvFv^tA <
size3— to-day 62c in every particular. / ; ' ; f *y}£\X^\ "*
Lot 2— Two lines of "Monarch" fast colors, regularly fi!V ; '"rNiFJ •*
Shirts; they are best grades of Madras $1.00, to-day 62c Vf ' \ ' T^ "2
and. Cheviot, worth $1-50 and $2, all Lot 2 — 80 Wash f r \^l!lU'J|J/j %
pizes— to-day $1»O2 Suit?, for boys 3 to 10 .\\UwCTTl \'li.'i "A "*
Third Section— Right of Entrance. years of age, from the vft; [,ftM\ ¦ J" "5
ma b a On e3t maker.* of thh \ ;¦ \ \ , '' '<f
Brush sinii s PO - kind cf ™*> new A w VM i
gjlal exclusive patterns, J I 'Z
GQBfflfa ISGm* 3 * 0 long: cat Mouses, pants I \ •- fc
day oniy-A full-sized, veneered f nd J a11 , ha T, 8 hand " J^FT S
back, mhc?d bristle Hair Brush, well laundered collars reg- J ,J
worth 25c; and a ha/d rubber, well- u '" P nce $ Lo0 ' 8 P ecial O? ?Q "5
finished Man's Comb, worth 15c |to-day.......... ............. *&KbM& £
-the tWO to-dav for. 16C\ Second Section-Right of Entrance. J,
Bargain Tab.e-M.ln Aisle. j On SPGOial $
KmH** nSmm** On sac (wWUCrO Salo Thursday .J
&gffG mT'Bpe cial salo 1C& only — Men's Calf
Thursday %p£am & *jta Lice Sho?->, coin or ,%
fGff* 2 9 Cm On!y-Xnev Yal * toes, with calf %
sty'e non-nico- tips, Goodyear sawed welt £
tine Pipe, soles, a good-looking, dur- Jt
bri°r /s^^ r- ' «*£ able Shoe, as good as you «J
bowl, /[ //>- «M caa bu y f . or ? 3 -00, all %
cace Q My.. *2i* sizes, to-dav \
stem and ai **• "v|* $2 ml 9m *$
a g' a?B /$> '^V First Ai3l«— *5
reservoir // \ \ P?*^ R'gfct of Eu- «J
for the // l * • /^L^'j^S trance. -7*
V2L VBkJl,., Safety 1
smoke, u v j ( ' __. "^ ** H
? nd s° . „, V , • Razor $1.18. %
trouble at all to clean, regular price j _ . _ ~_ _. V
50c .?. 29 2 \ On special salo Thursday $
cigar "DepartnVent— Rotunda"."*' only — 54 of the genuine improved Star jt
— — jftmrm mm jfc ! Safety Razors, made by Kampfe Bros., set "J
fiWPN G $*1^* T am ready for u?e, put up in a neat enameled '••
.nun & v*-*--W\ hiat ' on j raatee d, c o i
<&££ regular price $1.75, to-day... &S.MO -J
» W "» The onlv .5
On special safe Thursday and original / !: * :s^s^>^ "S
only— A small lot (75 only) of Men's !g e n uine *
All-wool Blue or Black Cheviot Suit3, Pipe Razor, "**
tosght by us at a sacrifice; single or made by "5
double breasted sack style, or three- Gjo. Wos- q- _ . j. 7^^^^^^ %
button cutaway frock; best of serge lia- tenholm & s^ftggti^^*'"^ 3*
ing, perfect fitting, all size3 — stouts, Son, Shef- »**
long? acd rsgulan — would be good value Ssld, Eag- •'
at $12.50 — the special <£<¦» J9BS. an d, regular price $1.25, special 0% Ji
price to-day onlv 9O«4r9 ;o-day only ...mf%SC jc
Second Section— Rlzht of Entrance. Cutlery Department— Rotunda. .J
Near B^^iofrf^owSteBa^^r^l ¥??nlrlL I
UOOf. CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE. ror "iBitm
SPECIAL— Free Demonstration on Inhaler This Week at
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.
THE OWL DRUG CO.,
S43 Market St.
McDonnell pharmacy,
106 and 110 Grant Ave.
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.,
214 Kearny St.
HIS Market St.
LOUIS ZEH PHARMACY,
12:6 Market St.
GRANT DRUG COMPANY,
2S and 49 Third St.
Polite attendant* Trill be on hand to answer all questions. Everybody Is Invited to
five the Inhaler a fre* trial. You are welcome to a treatment whether you purchase or
net. Special attention to mall orders.
Munvon's Munyon's remedies are so conveniently put up, so plainly
M •* labeled, with ail directions so clear and simple, that their
Remedies presence In the home — in case of illness — allays all fears of
having to run for the doctor. Munyon has p. tried and proved
specific for every disease and ailment of young or old, with thousands 01 testi-
monials indorsing It. His remedies cure Rheumatism, Kidney Trouble, Liver
Complaints. Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Blood Impurities, Fevers, Colds, Coughs,
Piles. Headaches. Debility. Cholera Morbus. Measles, etc. At all the druggists
— mostly 25 cents a vial. Writ" to ProfeFsor Munyon. 1505 Arch street, Phlla-
delphial Pa..- for free medical advice upon any disr-ase.
MUNYON'S Improved
Homeopathic Reme-
dies Are as Far in
Advance of the Reg-
ular School of Ho-
meopathy as Home-
opathy is Above AH
Other Schools-They
Combine All That is
Best in AH Systems.
With Munyon's Remedies every one can
become his o.wn doctor— Xo experi-
menting — Xo guesswork — Xo purg-
ing — No nauseous doses — The Cure
is certain, quick and permanent —
Munyon's system is to build up, not
to tear down; to strengthen, not to
weaken.
If you are sick, cast aside all other medi-
cines, bury prejudice for a few days,
step ir.to the nearest drugstore, ask
for Munyon's "Guide to Health."
purchase a 25-cent vial of Munyon's
Remedies and cure yourself.
Munyon's Inhaler is a positive cure for
Catarrh, Asthma, and all diseases of
the Head. Nose. Throat and Lungs.
Two style?. "Hard Rubber"' and
"Glass Family." Price $i.oo;
At AH Druggists.
MUNYON'S RHEUMATISM CURE
seldom fails to relieve in one or two
hours, and cures In a few days. It re-
.Heves sharp shooting pains in arms, legs,
side and back in a few hours, and gener-
ally effects a permanent cure before one
vial has been used. Price 25 cents.
MUNYON'S DYSPEPSIA CURE re-
lieves at once and positively cures all
forms of Dyspepsia. Indigestion or any
Stomach Trouble arising- from overeating
or drinking. Price 23 cents.
MUNYON'S KIDNEY CURE promptly
cures pains in. the back, loins or groins,
and all kinds of Kidney Diseases. It will
prevent and arrest Bright's Disease.
Price 25 cents.
MUNYON'S COLD CURE will break up
any cqjd in a few hours and prevent
pneumonia. It relieves head, nose, throat
and lungs almost Instantly. These little
sugar pellets can be conveniently carried
in the vest pocket for use at any time
or anywhere. Price 23 cents.
MUNYON'S COUGH CURE stops
coughs, night sweats, allays soreness and
speedily heals the lungs. Price 25 cents.
MUNYON"S LIVER CURE Is a relia-
ble cure for Biliousness, Constipation.
Jaundice, Torpid Liver. Worn-out Feel-
Ing, Coated Tongue, etc. Price 25 cents.
MUNYON'S GENERAL DEBILITY
CURE cures the exhausted feeling, pro-
duces a fresh, healthy color In bloodless
people and tones up the system gener-
ally. Price 23 cents.
57 REMEDIES.
MUXTON*S HEADACHE CURE will
cure all kinds of headache, no matter
from what cause arising, in from three
to ten minutes, with absolutely no Inju-
rious after effects. .Price 23 cents.
Most JPopularMedicines Ever Put
Before the Public,
/ ADVERTISEMENTS.
iViunyon's
IMPROVED HOMEOPATHIC
Remedies
WILL CURE YOU.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
One dollar to Santa Rosa- and return by
the California Northwestern Ry. (lessee
S. 'F. and N. P. Ry.) Sunday. May 13.
L,eave Tlburon ferry Sunday, .8 and 9:30
a. m. On the return, leave Santa Rosa
3:25 and 6:30 p. m. •Noted Episcopal THvine Who Was
Converted to the Catholic
Faith Coming.
Henry Austin Adams, formerly pastor
of one of the leading: Episcopal churches
of Brooklyn,' but now a convert to the
Catholic faith, will Rive a paries of lec
tures in this city under the auspices of
the Catholic Truth Society, commencing
on May 21.
Since his conversion to the Catholic
faith Mr. Adams has devoted his time to
literary work and to the lecture field.
He Is an eloquent and entertaining
ppeaker. The course of lectures will In
clude the following subjects: "Story of
My Conversion," Monday. May 21: "Car
dinal Newman." Wednesday, May 23;
"The Novel." Friday, May 25; "The The
ater," Tuesday. May 29; "America's Debt
to the Catholic Church," Thursday,
May 31. - ¦ . v. :
The "North Coast Limited"
Is the name of the new train the Northern Pa
cific Railway has put into service between Port
land and St. Paul. This magnificent train ii
equipped with wide vestibules, steel plat
forms, leather upholstered tourist earn, the
latest Pullman sleepers and dining car*, while
the entire train Is brilliantly lighted with In
candescent electric lights. '.V luxurious ob
servation car containing all the conveniences
of any first-class hotel for the accommodation
of both ladies and gentlemen .Is attached to
the r»ar end. Send 6c In stamps for illustrated
book "Womlerland," the most beautiful publi
cation issued by any. railroad in the country.
T. K. Stateler. G. A., 633 Market St.. S. F.; C.
K. Johnaon, T. P.\ A., 123 XV. Third St., Los
Angeles.
¦ » «
Finer and Faster Than Ever.
Banning May. 13 the "OVERU.VD UM
ITKD," the Union Pacific's nplendld «9<4-hour
"flyer" tn'-Chlrago. will leave San Francisco
dally at If) n. m. Instead of S:30. The FAST
MAIL will leave dally at 6 p. m. instead of
f.:?/). with through Pullman and tourist, sleepers
for Chicago. Perfect dining car service on both
trains. I>. W-. ¦ Hitchcock, General Agent. 1
Montgomery «t.. San Francisco.
" . ¦ ¦ ? ¦
The Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Tbe *»ai<on ts now open. Stage trip has been
reduced to 2V4 hours. Comfortable accommoda
tions at hotel. The rouhd trip rate from San
Francisco Is only $55. Particulars at Santa Fe
ticket office, C2s Market street.
Una Dr. Sleeert's Angostura Eltters, the world
renowned South American appetiser and Invlg.
orator of exquisite flavor.
HENRY AUSTIN ADAMS
WILL LECTURE HERE
lough of Ean Francisco is at the Ebbltt:
Mr. and Mrs. B. Nathan and Miss Nathan
of San Franpisco are at the Arlington.
CAXrFORNIAJtfS IK-WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. May 3.-E. C. McCul-
NEW YORK, May 9.— A. TV*. Jones of
Monterey is at the Hoffman; P. Shaw of
San Francisco Is at the Empire; "W. B.
Bowrlng of Los Angeles is at the Man
hattan.
CALrFORNIANS TN NEW YORK
L y P to this time our exhibit at Paris has beea
! lacking. Tr--e f we had ores, wines, Lrandiei,
fruits a.T.4 tarinacca there in voluptuous abun
&*ricc. But the world's eye had r.ot watered at the
tight of these. In vain the Santa Clara pr»r.e wrinkled
'.-'.;. ; r.d velvety in its glass case. The wines ot
Livcrroore moved themselves 2right 2nd gave their
color in the cup unhtcded. Our nectarines displayed
their hybrid virtues with no takers. Though the
phylacterj of California was err.broidered with every
thing horn spuds to beans, cold-hearted Europe, like
tht priect zvA the Lcvitc, passed by on the other
tide. Our. official commission did the chaperose act
for our cucumbers and talmon bd!;es in vain. Though
they lir.gcrcd near and declaimed of the exhibit with
the ardcr of a train bamler, the world's car was deaf
to their vocal eftorts.
But now all this is changed. We have an exhibit
:r. Paris that rivals in splendor the peacock ores of the
Shasta region. The Governor iias by a stroke of
the pen transformed the Commissioners and their at
taches. Heretofore they were spurned as caterpillars.
bet now they have emerged, are no longer poor
worms of the dus% but are butterflies of the deepest
dye. The Governor h*s mad; the three Commission
ers colonels, and their secretary major! They are
titled and entitled to wear «:ripes down their pants,
feathers in their hats, a brass cinch around their bel-
Jir.s, swords in their belts and thingumbobs across
their briskets!
It is a military age. When there is no war there
are rumors of it more frightful than battle. The {rout
and back doors of the tempi- of Janus are wide open.
It is proper that California dhall exhibit her military
rr*ot:rrei at Paris. Hence these colonels. We can
see then with our longest leased mind's eye in the
world, as the boulevards tremble under the tread of
them. Bonnes and fulcs de fleurs forget their
rhar^es and their blossoms to 5iRh as they pass and
•svish, with Desdemoni, that heaven had made them
yurh men.
Where our colonels po the dogs of war bark and
the whitc-w:ngcd dove of peace scuttles to cover.
The Frrr.ch murmur, "Soldats brave?," and rub their
ryes and pinch their thin Gallic legs to see if they
are awake or having a vision of Cambronnc and the
The general staff of eveirj Continental army will
fro and bury its military secrets in the back yard, but
the trained martial eye of this trinity of warriors shall
see through lh**m as easily, and frequently, as it looks
through the bottom of a glass.
Let every squash in the State hump itself and every
cow exalt her horn; let the barley of Salinas play
proudly with its b^ard, .the corn of Sonoma prick
up itf-ears and the wheat of Sutter County lift up its
brad, for these colonels in uniform, iridescent as the
rainbows of Vernal Fall, things of beauty and a joy
forever, fierce as ten furies and terrible as hell, stand
guard in far Franc; over our trays of peanuts and tin
pots of jam, and impress the plain peasantry of Eu
rope that here vie plow with field artillery, reap with
a bayonet, and that our gathering into barns is like
Optimists in Ecuador have reason to feel that ths
country is not poing altogether to the dogs. For
awhile the stagnation of peace hung over the republic
but a recent attempt to assassinate the President gives
indication of a restoration of more normal conditions.
Rebels of Colombia have bought a torpedo-boat, it
is said, from' Germany. We may reasonably expect,
therefore, to hear noon of another marine disaster
and a verdict that "they didn't know the thing was
loaded."
The police appear to have put out a dragnet for
the footpads and are hauling in almost everything
they find on the streets. They are going to. make a
record for arresting men, even if they do not catch
the ri^ht one
OUR PARISIAN cXMIBIT.
Finley Burke, a prominent attorney of
Council Bluffs. Iowa, Is in the city. He
Is accompanied by his wife and Mrs. An
na Jefferis and will visit Los Angeles,
Sacramento and other points of attrac
tion In California before returning East.
A. Stanley Dolan, assistant physician
of the State Hospital of Southern Califor
nia, is here from Patton and will remain
at the Occidental for a few days.
Alexander Hay of the firm of Hay &
Wright left this city last night for a hur
ried trip to Scotland. While in that coun
try he will visit the big ship-building
plants with a view to the improvement of
the Alameda yards.
B. B. Street, accompanied by his "wife,
arrived from Modoc yesterday and regis
tered at the Russ.
Jose D. Mayorga and Jesus Nelaslo,
planters of San Salvador, are at the Occi
dental.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Hlrach arrived from
Guatemala yesterday and are at the Occi
dental.
W. Leon Pepperman of Washington, D.
C, Is at the Palace.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento Bee
is at the California.
C. F. McGlashan, a politician of Truc
kee. Is at the Russ.
C. W. Holden, a capitalist of Lob Gatoa.
is stopping at the Russ.
P. Charlebois, a merchant of Ventura,
Is stopping at the Lick.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto,
is registered at the Lick.
J. B. Manlove, a prominent rancher of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
J. Champion, a well-known mining man
of Arizona, is at the Grand.
Charles M. Shortridge of San Jose reg
istered at the Lick yesterday.
F. H. Morris, a well-known mining man
of Nicaragua, Is at the Palace.
D. W. Klngsley, a well-known merchant
of. New York, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.
The State Fair needs no defense; it will continue
to be held at some point of this State which will
properly maintain and appreciate it. That Sacra
mento is such a place we feel assured. :, : - '.'->
In 1890 her enterprising citizens by their aid to it
made the State Fair of that year one of the greatest
in its' history, and extended its fame all over the West.
We believe that they will do so again; that they ap
preciate every influence which works for their ad
vancement, and that by their support of that insti
tution they .will not indorse the expressions of a
journal which misrepresents the true sentiments of its
city. ... . _ ,
Roberts has thus far made no attempt to overcome
the Boers, but as he manages to get round them very
rapidly, his tactics may be just as effective as over-
It is going to be a serious question whether the
Belgian Hare Club will admit bald-headed men or
whether every member must have his own hare.
The Record-Union further draws invidious com
parison between the moral complexions of the two
fairs, neglecting to place the responsibility upon the
city authorities, who control such matters, rather than
upon the fair management, which is not responsible
for it. The same authority which enforced the law
during the Street Fair can do so during the State
Fair. It would have been graceful for the Record-
Union to have given credit to the new executive and
police administrations of Sacramento for their present
good work, and have expressed reasonable confidence
that they would continue it. In the course of its ex
traordinary article the Record-Union takes occasion
to reflect upon the character of the attendance at the
State Fair. Proper denunciation of this statement
might be considered out of place here. This is a re
flection upon the management of the State Fair which
a rollcall of its directorate, past and present, suffi
ciently rebukes. The flower of California's industrial
and social citizenship has graced our great annual
State Fair by its attendance. A list of the patrons
and exhibitors of that Fair since its organization
would disclose nearly every name connected with the
romantic history and marvelous development of Cali
fornia. As a result largely of the lessons taught and
learned at its annual agricultural exhibition this State
stands at the very front of America's progressive agri
culture.
Some communities do not forget an old friend as
soon as a new one appears, some do not deem it con
sistent with a spirit of proper progress to abandon
one resource as soon as another i3 attained. We be
lieve that the Record-Union misrepresents the enter
prising people of Sacramento, and that that commun
ity can maintain both a successful Street Fair and a
State Fair, and, if necessary, a citrus fair and other
organized movements for exploiting to a wondering
world her many advantages. The recent Floral Fair
was organized by friends of the State Fair and in its
aid, and the State Association lent it every assistance
and encouragement. The two exhibitions cover differ
ent fields and exist wholly without conflict. As a source
of advantage and revenue to Sacramento they are not
to be compared. The annual appropriation of from
fifteen to twenty thousand dollars for the State Fair
made by the Legislature is largely locally distrib
uted. Many thousands of dollars are annually paid
by the State Fair management for wages of labor and
salaries of employes, which nearly all goes to Sacra
mento people, while from the stables in training at
the track of the association a revenue of many thou*
sands of dollars per month is 'derived by that city.
The advertising resulting from a State Fair and the
prestige of being the headquarters of the Agricultural
Society of the State, with the greatest possibilities in
that direction in the world, is something of which
Sacramento should not be insensible.
SACRAMENTO has just concluded a. most suc
cessful Street Fair and Trade Exhibition. It
was a credit to her enterprise and a splendid
exposition of the floral products and beauties of that
portion of the State. All California share3 her pride
in her fruits and flowers and in the soil and sunshine
from which they were produced. During the progre33
of this exhibition, when its gratifying success was
firft assured and when the time was appropriate only
for general felicitation, the Sacramento Record-
Union, with a spirit of most unbecoming exultation,
took occasion to make some most remarkable state
ments with reference to the State Fair, to which
Sacramento owes so much and which has played so
important a part in the development of our State's
resources. The Record-Union states that now Sac
ramento has discovered her independence of the State
Fair, and that she no longer desires it upon past con
dftions. That Sacramento could exist without the
State Exposition is doubtless true; she could do so
without the Street Fair, and should she be bereaved
of the State Capitol or the railroad shops the enter
prise of her people and the advantages of her loca
tion would still perpetuate her. But it does not fol
low that it would be to her advantage to lose them,
nor wise for her public journals to adopt a policy
which would jeopardize their continued maintenance.
SACRAMENTO 0ND T^E STATE FAIR.
dinance by a large majority." It then adds: 'The
passage of this measure must leave a stench in the
j nostrils of the people that Councilmen will feel keenly
| when the time comes for the retributive stroke of
i popular disapproval, and we perform not only a duty
J to the public but a generous duty to every member of
! Councils when we earnestly advise that Councils shail
; refuse to give their sanction to a measure so open and
! flagrant in violation of every principle of public in
' terest, and that must carry with it a pungent flavor
, of speculation and debauchery. It is worse than a
public blunder; it is a public crime."
The Philadelphia case is pertinent to the is«ue here
because it shows the aggressive nature of telephone
corporations. In the end a comprehensive system of
State and municipal regulation will have to be es
tablished over such corporations in order to protect
public interests. _ Massachusetts is moving in the di
rection of State regulation and control. California
should follow the example. While the Tax Collector
in the courts seeks to collect from the corporation the
payment of the tax imposed upon it, the Supervisors
should take the necessary <teps for submitting to the
people an amendment to the charter giving the mu
nicipal authorities power to regulate telephone cor
porations in the same manner as other corporations
controlling public utilities are regulated. Moreover,
the matter should be taken up as a State issue, and
every candidate for legislative ofnee this fall should
be pledged to vote for State regulation. The' people
need not submit to the exactions of tax-shirking
monopolies unless they choose. It will be our own
fault if the telephone corporation continues to be able
with impunity to evade taxation and defy the law.
Some of the Supervisors object to adding the word
"men"' to horses and dogs in the proposed anti
poolroom ordinance. Perhaps the objection is based
on the ground that the clause should read "Pugs,
dogs and horses."
THE Gr»at Diamond Robbery" as pre
sented at the Alcazar has proved to
fce a succees and crowded houses ar»
in ordT. For a play of such a char
acter the cast i» necessarily large, but it
is evenly balanced and gives an old-fash
ioned blood-and-thunder production that
"fills the bllL"
"The Evil Eye" is crowding th» Colum
bia these days and promises to do so to
the end of its allotted term, which in
cludes next week.
At the California "A Parisian Romance"
Is giving thorough satisfaction to a large
clientele.
"In Gay New York" Is In Its last days
at the Grand and has done a fairly good
business. Next week •'Madame Slavey."
Fischer's foricert House is presenting a
programme that In filling the p!ace nightly
and giving genuine pleasure to the lovers
of high class music. ,
De-ets and Don are giving the patrons of
the Olympia a apecially good turn, ana
tKere are several other attractive futures.
The Tivoli is doing a "land office busi
ness" v/itn the comic opera, "The Wizard
of the Nile," and nightly the theater is
crowded to Its capacity. "The Wizard"
has already broken the record made by
"The Idol's Eye" in its first month's run.
and the advance sale at seats continues
as larpe as ever.
The bill at the Chutes this week is ex
ceedingly good. 1 To-night the amateurs
will repeat their last week's success or
joining the secret society, and several new
faces will also be seen In specialties.
THEATRICAL NOTES
OF THE MIDWEEK
CASCARA SAGRADA— A. D.. Carter*.
CaL Cas^ara Sag^rada Is th* name of a
bark, commonly called In English sacred
bark.
LOST CATS— C., City. If there la a him-
In Ean Francisco for loat cats It I* a pri
vate enterprise, and this department can
not advertise it. .
GIVING ADDRES3ES-A- I.. OakJand.
Cal. Postmasters are prohibited from fur
nishing to any one the address cf any per
son who receives mail at the. oSct which
h* Is In charge ci. •
NOT TRUE— F. A. B., Albion. Neb.
There is no truth In th# etory that a
preacher confessed that he «u the mur
derer of Blanche Lament and Minnie Wil
liams In the Emmanuel Church.
PAIRING— H. R. C. City. In <5elib*r
atlve assemblies palrir^ Is a practice by
which two merrjbers belonging to oppo
site parties apree that both shall absent
thuns^lvAs for a specified time, or that
both shall abstain from votln? on a par
ticular question, bo that a vote Is nullified
on each side.
A NOTE— Subscriber. Red Blur. Cal. An
action on a note executed outside cf the
State of California must be commenced
withfn two years after the same becomes
due. If the action Is to be commenced In
the State of California. Thin department
has not the space to arive all the property
that 13 exempt from execution, but ft
ean be found in the Civil Code, section ©0.
ELIGIBLE FOP. THE PRESIDENCY—
S., City. A man born In the United States
wbo has attained the ase required by the
constitution and has resided In the United
States the prescribed length of time Is e!i-
AI7SWEES TO COBRESPOUTH27T3
r!W« for tfc# cfflr» ef Pr»*!<!»rt ef t»:«
L*cit«M Sta.t»*. cc i=atr»-r what bbi reU*iea
may b-. Tb»r» Is no r-Uil-roa "j-^Uficauaa
fir th» ode* na'c^J.
ROTALTT ON A EOOK-JT.. Arr?I Isl
and. CaL TVhat royaltr «. prsi^sh*?
eh-JTzM allow an autt-sr for wior= h* WJ1
ptab!ish. a bocic and usr:n« all the r!sjc»
13 a matter cf barjrala tta: 1» grad=*-^
by th* py>MibiIltr of tale cf tie brolc. It
1» !rspo«sibl#. without a krujwlady* ei th»
character cf the bock. t>> ais*rt wtar
would b« a fair allowace*.
ULSTER COUNTY GXZETTE3—I* B-.
San Jose. ar« M. T. W., Eerke'.ey. Cal.
Ulster Cocrity Gazettes cf the dat» cf Jan
nary 4. ISM. ccsta^ir^ an account cf th*
d»ath rrf O*or5» "Waahtn^t'STi. ar<» as plen
tiful as blackberries on a fcnah. 5rs=» tisia
In 1?^2 or 1*3 an <?n:i?rpr:«'.r.? tn-iiTl-iiai In
the East pot hold cf a gesula* eo?7 «f
that pap*r, and h« hid a million far «In-
Iles strucJc oft on pap*r*Kp«cla:iy prepared
to elv» it ajr*. and disposed cf them a; I
over th« Urion at 25 c»nt3 a copy. H»
rna<J« a. great d«al of money enr of ti»
venture. Now. mcr* than tfcirty-Rva years
after their publication, copies hav» cos*
Into the possession of people who are uz
d»r the lsapres-«!cn tha: th«y haTe tr«aa
ures. wh»rea3 th<?y ar« of no val-a- exc*yt
as a copy of a curiosity. "Within the pa*:
three months this department haa re
ceived more than a dczen l»tt?rs frcra
people who have Ulster County Gaz*tt?3
cf the date srlven.
THURSDAY MAY 10, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Propriety
(jjr«-.» *.': Ccrr.rr.u?v:c*tic«» »W. S. LEAKE. Uinijjir.
riBUCATIOa OFFICE. .MarV-et aad Third. 1. F.
Telffbemv M«S* Uy&a.
i::.I70:;:.".l noOMS. . ..717 t* S2I <terea>om 5t.
Telephone Main 1974.
DrllT«rr»<S •»* Carrier*. IS Oaf* Y*t TTectb
SI sel* C«pl»«. S Ceat*.
T»r— • tir Kali. la'.'Ddlnc Pwrjjn
r.n.T CAZ-I^ tnc.*Citj tir^ay>. ct» r?*-- ttVi
2AH-T CALi. ite'.-yt'.z.z *zz*.*iu « OMtfc* !M
X/AJLT CAJJ- iVtstzZ'.z* tirAtYi. 3 r=«ii» X.&J
Zji-zur e#xi-— Cr e:=r:« - «c
H?;DAT CAUL. Cm Tr*r 3-V)
. . :.;^,T CAIXi Or.« T*%t 1-55
Ali p«*tBUU7i mrm mntharlz*& to receive
• akaerlstioaa,
f-*~T-~ octl<» »~i l-m ':~-v*tZ*.\ wbea rwx-i«»te£.
oAhLAib OFFICE 1115 Broadtray
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
l/tr.e£«r Fcreigr. AdvtrtOttjr, f/ar-jette Bv Hi.-.j, Chicago.
CI*7cx I -j-*--e TMasfcaaa "Central XCX">
KXTW TO2.K CGP.It£2PO:.-5£rrT:
C C. CAHLTON Hem.'d Squir* i
CTEPKEM B. CW?:7H _ 23 Tr.tune BsOiSng I
CHICAGO I.S^S STA1.-DS:
¦».— r^ T Sac*t: P. O. Vnra Ox; Great Xert£«rs Belt!: '
rrecMBBt Has**; Zt^Hicr.i-n Hc'jtl.
.'.SI,' TCT-Z. .VEW'S ETAJ?!*:
Wal£jar*.Aje»r*-a Usu:, A. £resuaa. ei Usisa 8«u.t: ¦
WASHINGTON Q. C.) CFFiCE..... Wtittogtaa Hotel 1
MORTOM E. CRANE. Corrwponder.t.
tai5CH omCEV-rr ilcstrassrT, temtr -A CUy, ev*a
C2C3 » -Ti 9'tZotX. t'A ni7-t. opta t:'2 S •? e'euv*. C3
UrJT.WHr, ear- '-'¦'¦'¦ * «¦- <^cVxk. CIS U-Ci. r~.-i c:u:
I Vi c'dock. :>*2 K:»r.-5. c>rc. cstU 19 o'clock. 22«1
ICarkct. •oracr Etrtacsth. «»ea C&UI t e'etosk. 1CM
Tiirrxia. o» *s n.t-i % c'dsck. IS* £3«T«=.t>. csem end
* •'cfcrjfc. *T77. terssr X-»eiij-»<tc«i<: *ii Ke--,.j^.
Why Marriage Is Declining
By
LiHie Devcreu* Blale.
a gui/i» for a Republican administration and Con- !
gress. Urchanan was not a success as an- expounder
of the constitution. He could see in it a vigor and
automatic action for the protection of slavery, and hs
carried that method of construction so far as to see
nothing in the constitution to prevent the slave
holders from destroying the Union to save slavery.
As President he declared that there waa" no power in
the constitution to coerce, a slave State when it de
sired to secede from the Union. In other words, the
Chronicle's last witness regarded the constitution as
a mere convenience for the extension and defense of
slavery, and useless for any other high purpose.
The Chronicle claims to be a stalwart Republican
paper, but it' goes to a strange source for its consti
tutional doctrine and theory. Republicans will pre
fer to abide with Webster and the earlier Democratic
examples of Jefferson and Monroe.
The fact that "native-born" coolie "citizens" over,
forty years of age ar«» now recording their American
nativity at the City Hall is something of an indica
tion that while our yellow fellow citizens do not be
lieve in delay, they also do not believe that it is ever
THE TAX-SHIRKERS PT BAY.
r\ S v.-2S expcclci, the telephone corporation has.
/ A '• refused to pay the taxes which it owes to the
' city, and Tax Collector Scott has been com
pelled to resort to the courts to enforce the rights
of the municipality. It is another phase of the old
issue of the people against the tax-shirkers, the law
against those who violate it. It is an issue which can
have but one end. The law must be supreme. The
corporate monopolies may evade and dodge, and per
haps even defy the law for a while, but sooner o r
later victory must be on the side of the people, or
othcrwbc popular government will be a failure.
It is worth noting thai at this time the aggressions
of telephone companies have gone so far as to arouse
resistance in all pans of the country. We have had
occasion recently to direct attention to the action
taken to obtain redress fr.om such aggressions in
Massachusetts and in Washington City. Now come
reports of an outburst of public indignation in Phila
delphia caused by a job put up by the telephone com
panies in thnt city. It appears the corporation there
seeks to obtain the passage of an ordinance which will
place it, like the telephone corporation in this city,
well nigh outside of municipal control, and it is
charged that corrupt means have been made use of
to achieve that end.
The Philadelphia Times, in, commenting on the
subject, says: "It is an open secret that Councils have
been seen and persuaded to pass this telephone or-
The Chronicle is not fortunate in antagonizing
Webster zr.r{ Buchanan, and setting the latter up a3
sion sound in the California case. Congress acted
leisurely, under the treaty, and did not accept the
Secretary of State as authority.
The Mexican treaty was ratified in May, 1848, but
not until the 28th of September, 1850, v.ere the laws
of the United States extended to this territory by
authority of act of Congress.. Two years and four
months passed before Congress exercised its judg
ment and the discretion committed to it by treaty.
It will be c een that, even were Buchanan's conclu-
To recapitulate: The Louisiana treaty admitted the,
territory it acquired as a part of the Union of the
United State?; the Florida treaty u?ed the same lan
guage, and both invested the people living in the ac
quired territory with American citizenship. Ths
Mexicm treaty declared the territory acquired to bs
within the United States, and Mexicans therein to
he citizen?, when Congress chose to invest them.
No such clauses appear in the treaty of Paris re
garding the Philippines or their people. The terri
tory is not by that treaty integrated with the Union
of the United State 3, nor are the people invested with
citizenship, or such investment pledged to them by
Congress, as in the case of the Mexican treaty.
Buchanan put his own interpretation upon th*
status of the territory and people, and hastened to
give the Democratic construction to the automatic
action of the constitution. His views were certainly
as partisan 23 Webster's. The Democratic party, re
garding the constitution as protective of the institu
tion of slavery, hastened to extend it to all new ter
ritory, for it was controlled by the Southern slave
holders. If Webster's views are to be thrown over
because he opposed slavery, then Buchanan's views
must be thrown over also because he favored slavery.
Our treaty with Mexico recites Cart-clc XI): "Con
sidering that . * * • the territories which by the
present treaty are to be comprehended within the
limits of the United States." And in article IX it
says: "Mexicans who in the territory aforesaid shall
rot preserve the character of citizens of the Mexican
republic * * • shall be incorporated into the
Union of the United States, and be admitted at the
proper time, to be judged of by the Congress of the
United States, to the enjoyment of ail the rights of
citizens of the United States, according to the prin
ciples of the constitution."
Treatie*, like the constitution, are the supreme law
of the land. When made for the acquisition of ter
ritory treaties determine the status of such terri
tory, and it -remains in that status until Congress
chooses to change it by substituting another.
THE Chronicle threw over Webster as an ex
pounder of the constitution en the subject or
its extension to territory acquired by treaty or
; conqccr.t. Its reason was that the Democrats of Web
t ster's time held that slavery was protected by the
; conititation. and the ?ntoniatic extension of that ftm
• damer.ul instrumerit carried slavery with it. Web
| stcr vas anti-s!avery, and therefore, the Chronicle
: contends, stood for a strained interpretation of the
constitution as to new territory, for partisan reasons^
Webster had been .Secretary of State, and his views
of the cor.slitutiori have zlarays been considered au
thority. But the Chronicle abandons him and intro
duces Jimes Buchanan as authority for its contention
that by the treaty of Paris the constitution was wholly
extended and made to cover Porto Rico and the
Philippine?, converting those islands into an integral
pcrtion of the Union of the United States and making
the islanders our fellow citizen*.
Buchanan's testimony is in the form of a rather
\trb'iit letter written on October 7, 1848, a> Secre
tary of State in Polk'3 Cabinet. In this he discusses
the government <ie facto existing in California after
the treaty of peace with Mexico, and to continue
"until Congress shall provide a territorial govern
ment.*" He said: "This government de facto wiil of
course exercise no power inconsistent with the pre
visions of the constitution of the United States, which
is the supreme law of the land. For this reason no
import duties can be levied in California on articles
of growth, produce or the manufacture of the United
States, as no such duties can be imposed in any other
part of our Union on the products of California."
It wiD be observed that this was a limitation im
posed upon a de facto government.
BUCHANAN'S IDEAS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900.
ber oT Tirxz*r% ar> *httAt.x tb*ir U-r*.z* in
coKJC^JaJ ocnpatlons and trA th*zz«<?>*
no Xn-n-r cor.derr.r.'d ?/% th* dr'arr =-.-'
notony ef a dependent life, with m 1=0=^7
except what can b* coaxed fross faib*r
or brother, and wtjh tii^r tin* £B«d c?
by the trSA*m ***l?X which waa fomer
ly the only ©ccnpatlca cf the "tzirssvrr.
A woman wbo 1* t«*r with her stad>».
h*r art or her profession does set hy a=r
means accept th* first can wt-> asis h>r
to marry h-'=3 T«« *~* w!n ,J=' T 'lv 2^*
another chance. A=7 ntaidea who i»
»e!f-»t3j<jK>rtir:«r hefitat*s to gtr» >»;>•»?
lndep*mderu!* unless tne rr»ar-J cCerei -s
a ?»r.»roc» one.
The Stjp*rir.t»r.d*ct <J? SAivols fa cr.» of
oor b**rocsrfc» was once a/>Ju«1 wh7 tr.«
women jtchoolteachTTi did net marry.
*n*l he r^r-n-d: "Becas.*e ri wonaa
wants to sr:^e c? a W* salary -'>" «• *->
man."
-^^ AKRJAOE Is said to b* on the
ff| decrease In this country. It Is
111 «r**'n. however, that a«7 d«-
I |1 «?r*as» Jn wedlock is to b«
1*1 found among the wealthier
I 1 and more fcdacaUd classes
" * rather than among th« labor
ing people. wher«> wife and husband unut
both toll to maintain the family In asy
comfort.
V/ith this premise established, the caiu>«
for any dwindling In the numbers of re
corded marriages may readily b« found In
the increasing luxury of life which (rives
to the well-to-do bachelor something more
than "the comforts of home." When cer
tain privileged women, mothers ar.d *ix
tem of some man who has fitted up a
bachelor apartment, are **on<?jcte*l by
him through the portals of the great
tmildinjj wbirh Is occupy tnt\7»)7 **7 tr.»
unaiarri'^J, and *a!i past th« lr;xrni'>u»
r*a<iJn? r<vora and billiard room to i.la
AwiVAntc pta~«. wh«W"» «"r«rjr Jtixarr U
within hi* r»ach, th*7 r**I «nial! •^rpr!»*
that h« l-i car*faf not td ent*njl« tlrsj^lt
with any of th<» pr-ttjr slrl« or b!a ac-
q f iainta.ac«, 9lnc« ail thin eorafcrt *o>M
b* forfeited If fc* slKJUld aaic one of tistni
to put on the bridal veil.
A* It la, h!.f llf» Iti »r:Jet. fr»e ar.<5 cr.r»
stricted, and h!.i income *nCc+* tor all hi»
wants. H» can go and com* aji h* plea***
— society aaks no iv+*tlon* AhoMi his In
dulgences provided th»y ar« covered with
a decent cloak— and h« ran return to h!«
room at any hour of th* Eight with no
&an;?»r that hi will b*> ancoy*<l with the
expostulations of a wlf«r.
On th- otb"»r hand, an Increasing: n-ira-
6
MICE
FIVE CENTS.
HEAD IT.
MICE
FIVE CENTS.
BUY IT.
HISTORY OF .THE OLDEST ARTISTS'
STUDIO IN SAN FRANCISCO.
A SAN FRANCISCO PASTOR,
Who lived the life of a Hindu priest to teach
Christianity in Ceylon.
by the committee— a beautifully
illustrated ease. -
?¦ PARIS SALON 8F 1900.
Work of a California girl •p«cially honored
century
ROSTAND-L'AIGLON-BERNHARDT.
The grand theatrical combination cf the
ment Clufc
MRS. ROBERT WATT
Outlines the work of the Oakland Settle-
PROFESSOR ALFRED BENZON,
"The King of. Cards." gives a complete
expose of the secrets of cheating
in card games.
in a madhouse
LIFE OF MUNKACSY,
The celebrated painter who- lived to die
HOODOO EN6INE NO. 19.
Some weird tales the men have to tclL
Will Case.
LIFE STORY OF ADOLPH SYLVA,
The most interesting witness in the Fair
OUR SOLDIERS IN THE PHILIPPINES.
Second exclusive article from the pen ef
General Joseph Wheeler.
Most Up^toyDate Features
cf the Week 1
IIM JVPyT
M MM It iwA M'
SUN DA Y"S
CALL.
...MAY 13, I9OO...
ADVZHTTFT cr ?>rEJ7T8.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BIIIIBIIIIIIIIIBBIIIIIH1I1BIBINISI5!
| Ladies' Stylish Tai!or=Made Suits
53 Tie US!or-rr.tJe atUt will te *!rea grtti pro=i2»-c» this i»ar-a %s.i w*y\*% wd V«
5 C^T-s-ra 8e!eete<1 wlU <rr?al c * re * ad w «'l «a«rtt tte thoaihtMl utesUoa of careMl
| ...SPECIAL...
! re CH=vior srrra - ia b! ~ buek: «**
5 $5.OO por- Suit.
m (0 t-ADTES* TAH/JR-MADK FCTT3. !a black, brswa. t«a aad tlno Ve=et!ia e!cti»-
B Eton Jackets, box ple*te3 iklrt; K »<J Taiae fox «; ea ip«clii
S • ' SlO.OO &&r Suit.
¦ » eoxen COnON MOREEN UNDERSKIRTS; .necortioa pleated flooa-e; *n aopu^r
m B—A-fs; wortn Jl £0; a.t m .
B $1.OO Each.
j ° *MKTi r £SS- G ?}?? a SKIRTS, trtaaed wita I rows whit, brsid;
I Special SO Cents Each.
1 NEW WASH FABRICS.
M a-lacb FOULlARDS. In all the new coloriaj*. «. P«r yard
g 13 Cents.
¦ *^ 1^ J PRIKTEI> STTRAH FOULARDS, neat ta desira aad all sew eolcrlapt; mX p«
S I Cents.
fg » 4O Cents.
I g An-«irk M-lnci ORGANDEE TISSU DE SOIE. la pretty Mae ard wait» cTecta. at
! N OTE SO Cents per Yard.
! wttT^r 'V^ *S J ***"* a>llort2Beat o* JTOME BI.AXKETS AJTD UNDER.
S C. CXTI^TIlNr,
I 911-913 MARKET STREET.
BBB«BBa«MMMBBH«BMBJHWWnWWBl
AHTJSE2O2JTS.
Cotssfci*— "T!-.<s T^rll TZjn."
TtrcH— "Tfct vr'zirS cf ti* N"*-"
Grxsd Ota*r*-bou»e— "la O%i New Tcrf
.AIe*xar-"Tt* Cr*r-t Dtunosd P-jbterr."
OrjAecsi — 'Tisinilit."
O:yrr.;:». cctc«t Xuca cl T.'".r Hmti — EaecJalUe*.
C&z'jt*, Zoo *il Tifca.iT— \vii"f."A% e>er7 t£:*rz'x*2 ar.l
Yjli? Crir.iAr.y CpoetTZ Hall -Vss-^tu:*.
AUCTION SALES.
Bjr A. ?T. J>,-;>rbfcrjt^-Tt.!« ti.J. *X Zl a. m. er.i J p. ra.,
Pmr!* R-jct, *X corr.-T <>axj *s~.i ftt/xlcV.T. str»*U.
V.t K-Ta.il 0-iha— Thi* day. at 2 o'cl>-;ic. Kiivia *ad Fixlvnu.
Hy Wn. <:. La.jr-*-rV.2.s7 eTenlri. May ZZ, tt » o'clock. e.t
m Hvwmrd Btnn. Bant*.
Ex 11. Brar.^er.nein & Ov- Fatcrfar. V.vj 12, at II o'clock.
ttor**r. Car:*. *\r.. a£ !t«w liir.xtorr.r^y tz.i it.ni.a Btxwta.
Ii; :•'. B. A. ira*ry»-£4.tcr2ay. if«y 12. at U cT'dock; H-/riii
*rJl imi-r. *t V.'suaut Cr»»<.
I;; Oriiii i:*r .*.~r. :•.».;:- -T^-vizy. ITay ZZ. a.: 1 c'clvck.
J: :-: '..i*« JfOTB<Mi, tl '.~Z2 »?2j-lc't Ftr««t.
CaL slac« frelt We per n> atTownseni'e.*
¦ m ¦
Lcck out for SI Fourth (3c barber, gzry-
cer); best eyeglass's. sp*cs. 13 to 43c. •
« ? ¦
Special Information sxz-p-pU*! daST to
business houses and pnbi!c a« by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien'*). 510 Mcst-
gomery street. Telephone Mala 1342. •
THE SUNDAY CALL
LEADS THEM ALL.She 'Charges Fraud.
Hannah Ann Loomis has surd ?Jary
Ha wley, trustee, for E. H. Loomia, and
E.: Hr Loomis personally to set aside a
conveyance to property on Bryant street,
near Twenty-fifth, on the ground that the
•a me was obtained by fraud.
On next Sunday. May 13, the California
Northwestern Ry. (lessee S. F. and >.'. P.
Ry.) will sell tickets to Santa Rosa and
return at $1. This is a very low excursion
rate and at a time when Sonoma County
is at v lts prettiest. Leave Tiburon ferry,
foot of. -Market street, Sunday, at 8 and
9:30 a. m. On the return, leave Santa
Rosa 3:25 and 5:30 p. m. •
Fe-w College Students Die.
The death rate In colleees Is extremely low.
The strict attention to the phrsifjtie ts jlven
as the cause. People outside of coller*». as
well, may have health and strength. Ha3tet
ter'9 Stomach Bitters Is recormiended • most
highly for preventlns as well as curias bodily
weakness. It is for tbe blood, the nerves and
all stomach disorders aa.1 Us cure-i o? ccnstS
patlon. indiice3tlon. dyspejwia. slu?sr!3h lirer
or weak kliaeys are raw', remarkable. •
Suit to Restrain Mining.
Henry Langdon and Alice 31. Lantrdon.
his wife, have brought suit in the T'nltP'l
States Circuit Cnurt aealnst the Moun
taineer Mill and Mining Company of
Nevada County to restrain the defendant
from running drifts and levels under
ground on the ranch of the plaintiffs.
Class Reunion at Berkeley;
The class of 'S8 of the T'niverslty of Cal
ifornia will hold its second annual reun
ion at Berkeley this evening. The ar
rangements for the affair have been made
by Philip R. Thayer. president, and Mis*
Elizabeth M. Griswold. secretary, of the
class. Hearst Hall has been secured for
the reunion.
James Buckner Blair, alias John Bars
tow, under Indictment for using the mails
for fraudulent purposes, appeared yester
day before United States District Judge
de Haven and pleaded guilty. He was
ordered to appear for sentence this morn
ing.
Blair Pleaded Guilty.
TWO UNSANITARY
SCHOOLS BREED
DREAD DISEASE
Superintendent Webster Says
They Are a Menace to
Lives of Pupils.
He Refuses to Sign the Demand of a
Teacher With an. Illegal Cer
tificate — A. J. Dannen
baum Reinstated.
A small-sized sensation was created at
yesterday's meeting of the Board of Edu
cation when Superintendent Webster de
clared that the sanitary conditions at the
Humboldt and Agassiz primary schools
were such as to be a. constant menace to
the lives of the pupils. "
"Four children have already died from
diphtheria." said Webster, "and the par
ents are becoming very much alarmed.
I blame the Board of Health for careless
ness in not properly fumigating the two
schools and taking other measures to pre
vent the spread of the disease."
The board authorized Director Casserly
to make an immediate investigation and
to report at the next meeting.
Superintendent Webster was asked by
Casserly whether ho Intended to sign
the demand of Mme. GIffard, a special
teacher in French, whom the Board of
Examiners had reported for having an il
legal certificate. Webster tersely replied:
"Not for a while, if at all."
Casserly wanted to know the reason for
"Webster's refusal and the latter still more
tersely replied:
"That is my business, sir," and Cas
serly subsided.
Mrs. Neergard complained to tha board
TEETH KNOCKED OUT
WITH BELAYING PIN
A Complaint of Cruelty Preferred
Against Second Mate Jirarde
of the Iroquois.
Henri Escape, a sailor on the American
merchantman Iroquois. made complaint
yesterday before the United States Dis
trict Attorney against J. Jirarde. second
mate of the vessel, charging him with
cruelty on the high seas. Kseape Is a son
of La Belle France and so patriotic that
he cannot speak a word of English. He
stated his case In his own language to
Assistant United States Attorney Mar
shall B. TVoodworth, who speake French
like a restaurateur. Escape was on th«
high seas several weeks ago and the sec
ond mate gave him an order in English.
"Jay nay comprong paw," replied the
sailor.
The mate grabbed an Iron belaying pin
and smote Escape on the mouth, knock-
Ing out all his front teeth.
A warrant was Issued for the arrest of
Jirarde.
Night.
Allowed to Dock and L>and Cargo
During the Day, but Had to
Lie in the Stream at
The barkentine City of Papeete docked
at Lombard-street wharf yesterday and
both captain and crew were glad of the
chance to get ashore and stretch their
legs. One of the sailors named Thomas
Karrell was la such a hurry to get up
town that he could not wait for the cara
of the belt railroad to pass, but attempte-I
to clamber over the couplings. He fell
and broke his leg in two places and was
taken i to the Harbor Hospital for treat
ment.
The Papeete was 54 days coming to San
Francisco, one of the longest runs made
from Tahiti in years. Captain Berude
says nothing but light winds, calms and
head winds were encountered throughout
the passage. While the barkentine was
In Papeete the news of the Examiner's
plague scare reached the city and had It
not been for the fact that the merchan
dise was badly needed not an ounce of it
would have been landed. As it was, all
the Chinese goods, such as tea, rice and
matting, were taken out of the original
packages and reboxed and resacked be
fore they were allowed to land- The old
coverings were burned.
The Papeete was allowed to go along
side the wharf and discharge during the
day, but at night she was ordered into
the stream and not a soul was allowed
ashore. % Captain Berude says the Tropic
Bird and 'Galilee will discharge their
cargoes, as the merchandise is badly
needed on the islands. The Papeete will
go back again to Tahiti, but the chances
are It will be her last trip.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The dock on the south side of Howard
street wharf is to be dredged, and that
means extra work for the City Street
Improvement- Company, which has the
contract for building the wharf- Yester
day the City Improvement Company noti
lled the Harbor Commissioners that an
extra quantity of cement would be re
quired in filling the cylinder piles, and
that the State would have to pay for the
same.
Chief Engineer Holmes reported that
work had been done to the value of $4066 CD
by the San Francisco Timber Preserving
Company, J7S6 OS by the City Street Im
provement Company, J3CS9 by Newson &
McNeil and ?266*> 25 by Andrew Wilkie Jr.
All these sums were ordered paid. Darby
Laydon & Co. were allo-wed $500 for dam
age done to Main street wharf by vessels
placed there by the chief wharfinger while
the structure was undergoing repairs.
Attorney General Ford informed the
board that It could go ahead and antici
pate revenue in order to build wharves
and ferry slips. Chief Engineer Holmes
submitted five different methods for build
ing four new wharves and two new ferry
slips, and the consideration of them was
laid over for a few days. The wharves
are to be built between Union and Lom
bard streets, and the ferry slips on. the
north side of Lombard street.
Another Steamer for Nome.
The Alaska Commercial Company has
chartered the steamer San Jose from the
Pacific Mail Company and will put her in
the Nome trade. The company has sold
every berth on the Dora, Portland. Rai
nier and St. Paul for the season and the
rush- Is still growing. In order to accom
modate the public in a measure the com
pany has after much negotiating secured
the San Jose, and she will leave here for
the gold fields on June 2. •
New Steamer Santa Ana.
The fine new steamer Santa Ana Is now
receiving her finishing touches at Mission
street wharf and on Saturday will sail for
Nome via Seattle. She had her trial trip
on Tuesday and proved to be a good
twelve-knot vessel and an excellent sea
boat - She was built to the order of A.
W. Beadle & Co.. but Charles Nelson will
be her managing owner and she will go
north as one of his Nome fleet.
Water Front Notes.
The mail steamer Newport arrived from
Panama and way ports yesterday. Cap
tain Saunders has his vessel looking like
a yacht and he received many compli
ments in consequence from the old-timers
on the front. .
The Santa Fes engine was pulled up
out of the mud of the bay yesterday, but
owing to a hitch in the plans It had to be
lowered into its bed again. It will be
raised and placed on the wharf to-day.
There was a small fire on Washington
street wharf yesterday. Somebody
dropped a match into some cotton waste
and quite a blaze followed. The fire was
put out in a few seconds by the fire tug.
Will Improve Mission Rock.
Joseph A. Donohoe, W. J. Dutton. C. de
Guigne, E. E. Kentneld and A. M. Simp
son have incorporated the Mission Rock
Company and the San Francisco Drydock
Company. The former corporation is cap
italized for $1.500,OJ0, of which J25C0 has
been subscribed, and the dock company
for $300,000. of which $500 has been sub
scribed. The company proposes purchas
ing "Mission Reck, establishing ware
houses, buildlng^a drydeck and to carry
on a general shipping business.
City of Papeete Quarantined
at Tahiti on Her Last
Trip.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
New Steamer Santa Ana on Her Trial Trip.
that her child had been expelled from the
Richmond school because the little one
had said "I won't" to her teacher. The
latter Insisted that the pupil make an
apology In the presence of her class. The
little girl became so hysterical that she
could not make, the apology. A transfer
to another school had been asked for, but
as the board and Superintendent had sus
tained the teacher the child Is now with
out a school. Director Kincaid will make
an inquiry into the case.
A. J. Dannenbaum. who had been sus
pended for habitual absence, was rein
stated after a satisfactory explanation of
his dereliction. Miss McGreevy, who was
suspended for the same reason, was cited
to appear before the board on Tuesday,
May 15.
The Superintendent called attention to
the $1000 bequest of Elias Hochstadter.
¦which is to be us«»<l to purchase prlze3 for
colored puplis. The board will take some
action to carry out the bequest in a short
time.
XX. GOETHE AND THE GOLDEN
AGE OF GERMAN LITKKTUKE.
(Concluded.)
BY ARTHUR H. PALMER, M. A.
¦ Into the labor of all the preceding pio- fl ;
neere in the new land of German lltera- tj
ture and in full sympathy with these crit
leal surveyors and guides two men of "J
surpassing genius, more purely poetic, *jj
Goethe and Schiller, now entered to com- g ;
plete the development, and by making w
Germany united in the things of the spirtt h
to lay the necessary foundation of that •*
united political Germany -which was not *£
fully realized until after 1371. These two e ,
men during the last ten years of Schiller's t !
life (1734-1SO5> were bound together in a G
friendship of most remarkable intimacy
and beauty. These years are preemi- *'
nently the period of the beginning in Ger- h
man literature of the little city of Wei- D
mar, the Athena of Germany, which in- ci
deed for about half a century prior to his T
own death in X?32 Goethe made the literary « s
capital of Europe. In the union of these ~
two men are focused all the previous
thought and literature of Germany, and v
from it radiate all the influences that have \\
determined tne later literature. d
Deterring for a little our appreciation or ••
Schiller and his works, let us briefly re- f
view the life, works and character of e
Goethe. This life is simple in its exter- s
nal aspects, but in its inner content c
Goethe s greatest work of art, and so rich a
as to mate any summary treatment ut- t:
terly inadequate. Very apposite is the
poet Hebbels distich on tnts life: r
Polat it is only at first, that s«ntly opens as P
Which, swilt-growins, extends finally over the v
world. 5
Johann Wolfgang Goethe was born la =
1743 at Franktort-on-Main and died in InT
at Weimar. After a precocious boyhood f
in his native city he studied at the univer- '
sities of Leipzig and Strassburg. and lived
again mostly in Frankfurt until he began £
to reside in Weimar, in November, l..o. i
From 1.S6 to 1>J& Goethe was in Italy.
Thereafter his residence in Weimar was *
uninterrupted save by travel. Early and
long he had a large share in the admlnis- {
tration of the duchy of Weimar. t
The starting point of our appreciation in j.
outline of uoetne's life and works we may (
nnd in these few modest words which he j
once uttered to a friend: "After all. there {
are honest people up and down the world ,
who have got light from my books, and }
whoever reads them and gives himself .
the trouble to understand me will ac- t
knowledge that he has acquired thence a
certain Inward freedom." How important j
tnese plain words are is shown by the ]
comment of one of the first critics of ,
France, who says: "I should like to in-
scribe these words upon the pedestal of ,
Goethe"s statue. No juster praise could be ,
found for him. and in very truth there
cannot possibly be for any man a praise (
higher or more enviable." ,
vv'ith this Frenchman stands ths noted ]
English critic, Matthew Arnold, whose ¦
mature Judgment is: "It Is by no means
as the greatest of poets that Goethe de- ,
serves the pride and praise of his coua- ,
trymen. It is as the clearest, the largest, .
the most helpful thinker of modern times.
Goetha is the greatest poet of modern
times not because he is one of the, half
dozen human beings who in the history of .
our race have shown the most signal gift
for poetry, but because, having a very .
considerable gift for poetry, he was at the
same time, in the width, depth and rich
ness of his criticism of life, by far our
greatest modem man."
Goethe's rank as poet or literary artist
in the narrowest sense depends upon five
' or six larger works, unlike one another.
' yet all masterpieces, and upon his lyrics,
: so rich m number and variety. These
! larger works are "Werther," that unnpv
' ellike novel, which gained to literature the
heart-life of modern man: the refined ana
' dignified poetical dramas "Iphigenia" and
1 "Tassa." whose style possesses unequalea
¦ grace and purity, and whose content
1 abounds in wisdom; the epic poem in hex
: ameter. "Hermann and Dorothea,' por
travine German middle class life with
', comprehensive tender truthfulness and
1 charm; the novel of culture, "Wllhelm
1 Meister." "a rich manifold life brought
close to our eyes, which has entered Into
the training of Europe," and "Faust,"
that marvelous, unique work, surely the
" greatest in all literature since Shake
r Ipeare, presenting as it does, with ful.est
' depth, power and beauty, all that
' Goethe's rare nature and experience
" could teach as to the spiritual meaning
I and end of life.
On Goethe's lyrics who shall challenge
I the judgment is which Heine and Tenny
son agree? The former thought them the
" best in the world, while Tennyson is said
? to have placed Goethe foremost among
i the moderns as a lyric poet and to have
, added when one of his hearers demurred
' and mentioned great lyrics by other
" writers: "Yes. but Goethe is consummate
: in so many different styles."
r Outside the narrow domain or pure
poetry we must place Goethe among the
I foremost scientific investigators of his age
» and in the front rank of critics of lltera
ture and art. He has the qualities of the
„, best essayists. -*-- : . „ ,
Indeed, what perhaps above all els*
I makes him fruitful and precious to so
I many is that he is ever a sage and a
philosopher, teaching and exemplifying
I the criticism and the conduct of life, body
i ing forth a practical philosophy, the very
« essence and spirit of which are beauti
fully epitomized in those oft -quoted lines
I from "In Memoriam." in which Tennyson
e himself later declared that he alluded to
Goethe alone:
I hold it truth with htm who sices
S To one clear haro In divers tones.
B That men may rise on stepping stones
„ Of their dead selves to hlsher things. .
XXL SCHILLER'S FAMOUS
DRAMAS.
The lif?. character and works of Schil
ler may well evoke to a peculiar degree
the sympathy and admiration of Ameri
cans. His idealism, his ardent aspiration,
his championship and achievement of ever
broader and higher freedom, his daunt
less domination of difficulty, whether
moral or physical— these are elements of
character and life nowhere better under
stood than In our own land.
The keynote of SeJiIller's career is lib
erty. Goethe's retrospective Judgment,
spoken years after the death of his friend,
was this: "Through all of Schiller's works
goes the idea of liberty, and this Idea as
sumed different forms j as Schiller ad
vanced In his culture arid himself became
different. In his youth It was physical
liberty that occupied him and passed over
into his poetic creations: in his later Iif»
id«»al liberty. That physical liberty did
Indeed so much occupy Schiller in his
youth was in part due to the nature of
his spirit, but chiefly to the constraint he
had had to suffer In the military school.
But then in his maturer life, when he had
physical liberty enough, he went on to
the ideal, and I would almost say that
: this idea hastened his death, for he there
by made demands upon his physical na
; ture which were beyond his power to
I meet." So. too. Heine said of him:
"Schiller wrote for the preat ideals of
the revolution: he destroyed the bastile
of the Intellect: he aided in building the
temple of freedom."
" Amonsr the dramas created by Schiller
his own life might well be called not the
least— the tragedy of the spirit In con
flict with the material elements of earthly
life, slain apparently In mid-care*>r. yet
living on into immortal triumph. But the
narrow limits tf the stace here at our
disposal forbid the presentation of this
drama, nor can we portray Schiller, the
lyric poet, the historian, the critic, the
philosopher. The literary dramatist alone
shall occupy us. and w* may here only
note that he was born November 10, 1739.
at Marbach. in Wurtemberg, and died.
March 9. 1S05. in Weimar.
Schiller's earliest play was published In
17S1; his death prevented the completion
of his "Demetriu?." Those of his dramas
that may be called preat number nine or
eleven, according as we count "Wallen
stein" — in form a trilogy — one or three.
Now these twenty-five years and nine
dramas fall naturally Into two distinct
! periods or grroups. separated by about a
decade given mainly to study and writing
of history and philosophy.
The first group comprises the three
prose dramas— "The Robbers" (1781),
"Ffesco" <trT>. "Love and Cabal" (17M)
and one in iambic blank verse. "Don Car
los" (1TS7). The pro^e dramas all breathe
that spirit of rebellion against establish
ed order and social conveations which was
not only favored by general despotic con
ditions, but kindled 1nt<» a consuming
flame by Schiller's personal experience of
tyrannv.
"The* Robbers*' is first not only in time
but also in rank. It is the tragedy of
personality in conflict with law. the In
dividual with civilization, which he re
gards as based on wrongr alone until. mad»
wise by experience, he resigns himself ti»
his fate in submission to law. So excel
lent is the technical dramatic skill, so
many-sided are the characters, so fu!l and
fiery !s the diction, that the first review
er could not refrain from exclaiming of
the author: "If we are ever to expect a
German Shakespeare It is h?."
"The Conspiracy of Fiesco In Genoa" !a
the least successful of the early plays,
although of Interest as being the first
historical drama written by Schiller, an-1
both more moderate in diction and of
compacter structure than "The Robbers."
The theme r>t this "republican tragred;. "
is the political revolution attempted by
a nobleman of Genoa in the sixteenth, cen
tury.
The indictment of the tyranny and
wickedness of many petty Gorman prince
ly courts, which in "Fiesco" is half hid
den under the Italian veil, is made in
"Love and Cabal" with tremendous
frankness. This tragedy of middle-class
existence that la crushed by the cruel
selfishness of the hurhrr classes Is so
charged with elemental life and passion
as to make the chords of. popular emo
tion vibrate In sympathy.
"Don Carlos" mark* transition In many
respects; from despairing satire of the
present to confident hope in the future,
from poetry to history, from prose to
verse. Many poets have dramatized the
strange history of this son of PhiLp II of
pain.
Schiller's drama la Interesting and in
parts very beautiful. Its weakness lies
in its lack of unity, due to the author's
own development during the long five
years between its inception and comple
tion. The earlier portion of the drama i».
in Schiller's" original intention, "a. family
picture of a roval house — the situation of
a father who is the unhappy rival of his
son— of a son who loves without hope and
is sacrificed.' 1 But in the larer portion
this is essentially lost trom sight, and th«
hero is the Mar'iuls Posa, an embodiment
of all the faith, in man and the social
ideals of the eighteenth century. This
fine, inspiring tigure. many passages of
stateliest beauty, and the happy use o.
iambic blank verse, melodious and im
pressive, impart extraordinary vitality to
thU work, great though imperfect.
The second group of Schiller's drama,
his noblest creations, all bat one primar
ily historical in subject and written m
verse, were published in the years from
175y to IS05. One of the few really great
tragedies of modern times is the ftr3t of
these. "Wallenstetn: a Dramatic Poem.
In content and spirit this i3 one lor.sj
drama, though having th© form of a tru
ogy made up of a one-act prelude. \\ al
lenaletn's Camp." and two nve-act plays,
"The Piccolomlnl" and "Wallenstein ¦»
Death." Within a smarter frame than
that of this grandest national drama or
Germany it would scarcely be possible to
present not only the tragedy of the great
man's character and fall, but also the
struggle and the triumphs of the whole
thirty vears' war. Of this work Tleck
=a!d a generation, later that all Germany
felt that it established a new epocn in
d^Ma a rVe C Stuart/' W with it, skillfully
elaborated plot and close construction, us
perhaps the best known to the Engl.sn
stage of all Schiller's plays. Since it a
main theme 13 the moral elevation of tn*
heroine by her life experience, the author
deviates from exact historical truth in
brightening her character and dark<»r.insr
that of Elizabeth. This drama is hi?hl>
pathetic, abounding in passages of lofty
thought and intense passion powerfully
CX Ever 3 neW in hla art. as In his life. Schil
ler now turned to France, producing a
romantic tragedy with a medieval subject
containing miracles and idyllic elements.
His "Maid of Orleans" (lsul> is a highly
poetical creation, written with much lyric
fervor The charm and power of purity in
woman, the Inspiration drawn from re
ligion and patriotism, are presented in
strong theatrical situations with language
noble and full of feeling. .
A unique exception amon? the works we
are considering is "The Bride of Messina
US03). The subject is a free Invention of
the poet's imagination, not historical; the
traeedv of a family doomed to destruction
through the love of two brothers for their
own sister, unrecognized until it is too
late Thl3 subject matter, though largely
modern in Its spirit, is treated after the
fashion of the ancient Greek tragedy, for
the individual characters are few. a
chores Is employed and fate seems to b*
all-ruling. In spite of the nnsurmounted
difficulty of blending in organic union tho
ancient and the modem elements, the lit
erarv critic is tempted to place it first
among Schiller's dramas in respect of
«tateliness of style and melody of diction.
anu a* having the most finished art
istic form. The> writer bears witness that
when well acted It is of entrancing beautv
ai Now < he7e : ' in Schiller** life and works
does the ever-dominant note of liberty
sound clearer and stronger than In his
last large drema, "Wilhelm Tell" (ISoi..
Of it our poet Bryant paid: "He took a
silent page from history, and animating
the personages of whom it speaks with
the fiery life of his own spirit, and endow
lne them with his own superhuman elo
quence, he formed It Into a livtnsr protest
against foreign dominion which yet ring*
throughout the world. Wherever there ar<>
generous hearts, wherever there are men
who hold In reverence the rights of their
fellow-men, wherever the love of country
and the love of mankind coexist, Pchllter'.*
drama of •William Tell 1 stirs the bloo^i
like the sound of a trumpef." In trutu.
the archer hero, the men of the Rutli. the
liberty of the forest cantons and the leg
endary origin of the Swiss confederation
- are here transfitrured into immortal lire.
„ This drama is the most popular of Schi!
. ler"s greater works, and perhaps merit*
" the first place among them all. as dfsplay
; . Ing the widest range of poetic penlus and
r dramatic art In the treatment of material
- drawn from legend and history, and in re
r spect of character drawing, verse and
f SchiUer's "Tell" Is his only drama end
- insr in peace and Joy. The last work in
dramatic form which Schiller complete.'
was the brief lyrical play. "Homage of
' the Arts," an allegory celebrating beam.
• and the function of the arts In ennobling
'• life Could there be more fitting close to
3 hfS lifeW ° rk: ARTHUR H. PALMER.
Tale University.
GOLDEN AGE OF GERMAN LITERATURE.
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Eaton.
GOLDEN AGES OR LITERATURE.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
OPEN
SAN FRANCISCO
TO
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway System begs to
announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to
Cticago— 255C miles.
It is the only railway which owns and controls its track from
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan.
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and it
hopes to receive a generous proportion of the public patronage.
May 1st freight vill bo handled regularly to and from the East
and all points in the San Joaquin Valley end Southern California-
Freight Depot : Corner Spear and Harrison Streets.
The date for inaugurating passenger train service will be
announced later.
JOHN J.BYRNE, _ EDWARD CHAMBERS,
General Passenger Agent, General Freight Agent.
Lines vest of Albuquerque.
W. A. BISSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe System.
AJgUSKTiTT-NTS.
> for ViO BOWELS
5 BESOMS FILLS s
4 to ematm aad 2S cent* r
*TIVOL1*
Am I a Wiz? Gome and See !
TWENTY-EIGHTH TIME TO-MGHT
Of the Eaorcnou« Comic Oper» Success,
WIZARD of MILE
It is Greater than "The Idol's Eye.~
Evenlnrs at 8. Matinee Saturday at 1
l%?h A * 25 liTd 50 Cents
Telephone — Bush 9.
AGAIN I A NO AT
TO-DAY I 2:15 P. M
MATINEE PERFORMANCE THIS AFTER-
NOON.
A PARISIAN ROMANCE.
So Perfect!}- Performed by
7V\R. JAMES NEILL
AND HIS EXCELLENT COMPANY.
P*at» Now on Sale for
"AN AMERICAN CITIZEN."
Th» Be*t of All American Plays. '
First r^rlcrmance on Sunday nlffht.
The *am* popular prices— Night. I5c, 6*% T5c;
Bat!nee». I5c 50c
CHUTES^and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW !
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
JOINING THE SECRET SOCIETY
j And THE AMATEURS in Specialties.
AFTER THE VAUDEVILLE
Saturday Sight Cakewalk Contest.
Phone for Seats Park 23.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
12-124 CKARRELL STREET.
UMBARDI GRAND OPERA QUARTET.
- Great Doubl- Bill. Prison ?cene from
•FAUST." Last Act 'RIGOLETTO."
10c— Admission— 10c. Matinee Sunday^
' '-
OiUiALL'i tttLSYiaoaAl'Oiigjgfe
Flv« husdr*<l reward for any mJU^wSe
cate we cannot cure. Thi» »ecr»t E" "^
remedy stop* •» lo»«» la 14 | jf.
hourt cure* Eralsslons, Impo- RS 8^
trr-cy, V'artcocele, Gencrrhcea. frK WJj!
O'e/t Fits. Stricture*. Lost l&J 1^1
Manhood and all wasting effects mjfef.
ef »e!f-*bu«e or excess's. S«r.r BSBOIdESa
sealed J2 bottle: t bottles. 13; xuarantecd to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. SW Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also
lor tale at lOTJ'.i Market st. S. F. All prlr&U
diseases qqlckly cared. Send for fre> book.
t * J jSS^ m^^S r^ a^y Gonorrho-ii,
S^BB^CCHEt^Hi £}«•*• sp«matorrh««,
gxgyiH 1 1. i dijf-^H «t>it*». annataral il*.
tSmSf Guiwiwi ¦ charg*!. or anr lafla-nm*-
§VS eo» w wrleter*. tion.i irritation or ulcers
|>uJ[rnma enuilti. tlcn of m neons c*»
ISlTHrEviSSCHEVfCHCo. tr»oea. Noo-*Jtrla«enfc
iStAcmamn.o.Bgfl So1 * f 7 ******+
V&scW r - x 29f or •* nt la P llki ° w rappw,
_^B^^j; " '^rB *>7 exprew. pri-paid. toi
\?iiiM7&l tt^' or 3 to«l««, (3.7ft.
I For Investment, I
I Not Speculation! 1
! THE OPHIR I
I OIL COMPANY 1
<3 Fcr a limited period will offer for sale* for development purposes only, a po? p
& tion of its treasury stock (par value Sl.OO; at £
I 50 CENTS PER SHARE. |
bj Organized under the laws of Arizona, the stock is issued fully paid and «
8 non-assessable. Private property not liable for corporate debts. <»
§ ITS PROPERTY, |
| QAA ACRES IN THE HEART §
| OUU OF THE RICH |
« f~*(~\ A T Tl^T/^ 1 A %
I CUALIJNCjA I
i DTSTRTfT i
jjj IS CONCEDED TO BE ONE OF THE BEST TRACTS IN THE STATE* §
8 -T-HREE AND A HALF MILES FROM COALINGA arjd railway g
§ * communication, it lies in a direct line drawn from OIL &
15 CITY on tbe north to t^e rich BLACK MOUNTAIN and KRE- §
g YENhjAGEN DISTRICTS on the south. g
g Lying midway between. the clearly defined outcropplngs g
g of oil sandstone and shale, there are oil seepages and out- S
'H croppings of o\\ sandstone over the major portion of the tract. «
ft The oil-bearing strata here lie but little out of the horl- «
% zootal. Wbco O»L is struck It WILL THEREFORE BE FOUND §
& OF CONSIDERABLE DEPTH and extending ov'er a WIDE AREA. ;o
% The operatiorjs of tbc company will be conducted on tfoe *
S same correct business principles which have brought success »
« and honorable repute to thje njen who have been selected to U
« cootrol the company's affairs. S
§ BOARD OF DIRECTORS: I
o: WARREN GILLELEN, President B-oadway Bank, Los Angeles. S
§ JOHX W. A. OFF, Cashier State 'Bank an'd Trust Company, Los An- §
§ geles. . 8
» JOHN MASON-GARDINER. Engineer and General Contractor of g
S Public Works. Los Angeles and Phoenix. S
5 JOHN MARTIN. President Martin Pipe & Foundry Co. and Manager S
V Stanley Electric Co., San Francisco. «
§ GEORGE KENT HOOPER, Manager Occidental Hotel. San Fran- «
6 cisco. . o
g NATHANIEL J. MANSON. Attorney at Law, San Francisco. Cal. §
|2 Address all communications and make all drafts, money orders or §
« certified checks payable to the 8
I OPHIR OIL COMPANY, San Francisco, CaL |
g Represented in San Francisco by J. P. MASSIE, Mills buildinjj, . 'g
<> room 14. fifth floor. &
g In Chicago by G. GIRLING, 269 Dearborn street. -'^S
3§ LOS ANGELES OFFICE— 402 DOUGLAS BUILDING. §
§ CALL OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS. " |
ALL TOPNOTCHERSJ
FINAL V.-ESK OF
FULCORA STARS,
la Ccsr.^-tlnn With
O/IPHEI/M CELEBRITIES.
MILTON an-1 rOLLIH NOBLES. atclEteS fcy j
Jilts EVA «nS*TCOTT; MARK SULLIVAN: i
V, ILL E BATES: AMERICAN BIOGRAPH; j
LITTLE FRED; MR. arA MRS. ARTHUR ¦
MDMAK: BL'OMAN & ADELLE; BROTHERS i
FORREST; ETJA BUTLER.
Re«*r-»-<»<S f^ats. Sc; balcony, 10c: cp»rm. chain i
end box *«"a.te. .fle
Matlsws \Wdnes4ay. E«.rurlay ar.d Sunday.
I
E\"EnT NIGHT. INCLrDING 6L*NDAT.
Tr'.nt the Children to the Saturday Matinee.
C3AB. H TALE'S Massive. Mar\eloa«. Me-
char.JcaJ, Spectacular Rettance,
theEVIL^EYE
Ilk o£h\£. ~ .-
ard the WONPERITL* O P NOD
WAXUERINGS v " l *~*
E"»irs*TNO PRICES-Kc. SSs, E?c T5«, XL
MATINEE-Sc, Me. T5c
y*xt xr*~lL— Final Nlrbt* of
•THE EA'IL. ETC"
PHCXE MAIX £32.
=r= LAST "WEEK OF ==
Chrr Lat«tt aa5 Greatest Fucc«s«.
IN GAY NEW YORK.
Full cf Ca-tcfcy M-Js:r. Pretty Sono. Graceful
v Disce* aad K«w Jokes. • * ¦_-¦
IT You Er.jc>- a Hearty Laurh. Don't 5I!*» It.
=:= NEXT WEEK =
An Entire Novelty to Saii Frane!»«>.
"THE L/^DY SLAVEY."
Per two year* the rage of London asd New York.
nEAPFEATJANCE: OF ARTHUR WOOLET.
USUAL POPULAR PRICKS.
Ox*s R»««r»-»d Seit in Orcheftra. Saturday
Vattnee. 2S centa.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
-Ci-VH EAT R E^A >
JEFFRET?-CORBETT CONTEST AN-
NOUNCED TO-MORROW NIGHT.
EVERT NIGHT THIS "WEEK
MATIXEE SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
THE GREAT
DIAMOND JOBBERY
BEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
E. A. SCTEEHFS SUCCESS.
THE HAISTER OF WOOD BARROW
j COKCERT HALL— THE C- F. KAPP COMPANY
m^TDer Golden Gate avest:* and -Market street.
W% ' CjQSTJSVOUS VAUDEVILL3
CONTINUOUS VAUDETiaLLE
EVETtT MGHT. EVERY NIGHT.
ADillZSlOS FREE
A. •MTTflTTM p r hi 'fl'fl t
Warner's Safe Cure Is a scientific vege-
table preparation for the restoring to health
of tired-out kidneys and overworked livers.
When these great organs are In health there
can fee no Impure blood, headaches or con-
stipation. Men cannot Improve on nature,
hence It Is emuslng to read of medicines
which claim to "remove Impurities from the
blood"— "The kidneys enrich and vitalize
the blood," etc- The kidneys. liver and
lungs purify the blood and they alone.
Neither medicine nor man can do It. War-
ner's Safe Cure, by helping nature. Is an
aid, an assistant— simply that and nothing
more. The twentieth century man or
woman ts a reasoning, sensible person and
seldom deceived by mlsstatements.
WAENEB'S HEitEDIES.Sun rises 5-01
Pun sets..... 7-os
Moon sets 2:31 a, in.
A r ftt ( York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. May 9.— There was further
large liquidation of storks In the market to
day and prices ».-ere at one time from 1 to
2% points below last night for a large num
fcer cf active railroad 6tocks. Before the clone
cf the market the losses were fully retrieved
In many stocks and In not a few of those
which had been most acutely affected by the
t.-1'.ir-.R small net Rains were established The
Sate recovery was materially assisted by a
buoyant rise In Hugar to a level 5U above "last
night, and by rather positive strength In the
principal metal stocks. The appearance thus
riven was that of th« competition of a spasm
of liquidation and the nubttequent covering of
belated outstanding short contracts and a buy-
In*- of stocks by careful observers who had
etood by watching for the low point of the
market to pet In. How well this appearance
:• Justified by the actual conditions can only
be demonstrated by future events. That there
was a v«ry powerful and skillful manipulation
In the market all day was clear from many
THURSDAY. MAY 10.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front "Mission-street - wharf) about
twenty-five minute slater than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May 9.— The wheat market opened
steady, but as there was no news of particular
significance to encourage buying the price soon
began to sag for lack of support. Free de
liveries of May contracts and a continuation
of the heaviness in corn Imparted a little ad
ditional weakness. Trade was curtailed, ' how
ever, owing to the near approach of the Gov
ernment crop report and there was little effort
made to take advantage of the situation until
near the close, when a sharp break In the
price of May wheat at New York demoralized
holders of small scalp purchases which were
being carried here and those were immediately
dumped, closing the market weak within a
fraction of the bottom of the day range a
poor export demand added to the depression
July closed with a loss of M6Hc
Corn opened firm, but It began to give way
almost Immediately and declined %c from the
top price made at the opening before making
a rally. Liquidation was heavy during the
first part of the session, but active buying by
several bull houses owing to light receipts
without prospect of increase In the near future
and heavy exports caused an upturn. When
this support was withdrawn the market weak
ened again under short selling and closed near
the -bottom at a decline of %c~ for -the day
Fine crop prospects caused a decline In oats
early, but covering by shorts at the decline
steadied the market near the close. July
closed with, Boilers at 22»{c— a shade < lower.
¦An Improved cash demand and higher prices
for hogn strengthened provisions. < The • market
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrogrraphlc Office. U". S. Jf., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal
May 9. 1300.- '
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
'Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — J4 S5%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9V4,
Sterling Cables — 4 SO
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Fine Silver, per ounce — &9?4
Mexican Dollars : •••• 48% 49
Wheat and Other Grains.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Chicago was steady, with light re
ceipts and brilliant weather. Corn was a «hade
Hrmer and It was thought that the break In
Provisions was about over.
The local market was dull and lower on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 83*iS$3c; milling, 96Vic
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls. U 01*4; 8000. II 01T4.
Second Session— December— 42,000 ctls, $101%;
36,000. »1 01»i: 28,000. Jl Oltf: 6000, $1 01%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls,
Jl OCJi; C6,000, U 01.
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls,
Jl OU'/i; S000, Jl 00%; 4000. Jl OL
BARLEY— Sales continue light at the old
quotations.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 7»S72%c for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, S0ffS3c; Cheva
lier, nominal. "
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 8:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
¦At ternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Dealers report a rather better In
quiry, especially for black.-
White. Jl 10@i 30: Red, $iei 20; Gray. $107%
©1 IF: Tllnrk, Jlitl 07%. - "
CORN— Eastern larse yellow, Jl 15ff 1 17% per
ctl: Eastern white, Jl@l 10 per ctl. etnas'
RYE— 95©97%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-rCallfornla family extras. J3 60®3 75,
usuoi terms ;' bakers' extras, |3 40@3 BO; Oregon
and Washjngton, $2 25@3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces In sacks are: as .fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. »2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, . J2 50; -Rice Flour,' J7; Corn Meal, J2 50;
LOCAL MARKETS.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. May 9.
Stmr Noyo. FcseS. 14 hours from Fort Brag?.
Stmr South, Coast. Olsen. 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Coos Bay, Shea. 72 hours from Newport
and way ports.
Stmr Newport. Saunders, 13 days 13 hours
from Panama, etc.
Br stmr Warfleld, Pattle>, 4% days from Oys
ter Harbor.
Bark Coryphene, Ericksen. Jl days from
Kihel.
Brig Consuelo. Page. 15 days from Mahukona.
Schr Sadie, Smith, 9 days from Umpqua
River. 1.
Wednesday, May 9.
Stmr Aeapulco, Russell. Panama; P M S S Co.
Stmr Cleveland. John. Tacoma; E T Kruse.
Schr Dewey, Ericksen, Cape Nome; Joseph
Whiteslde.
SAILED.
Wednesday. May 9.
Stmr Scotia, Jacobs. RockDort.
Stmr Acapulco, Russell. Panama and way
ports.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwlek. Seattle.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Dievo.
Stmr Navarro. Jensen. Bowena Landing.
Stmr Westport. Ericsson, ¦
Bark Levl G Burgess. Youngxren, Tacoma
Bktn Tarn o' Shanter. Patterson, W'lllaaa
Harbor.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Skipper. Stewarts
Point.
S»chr Mary Etta. And«*rson. Bowens Landing
Schr Newark. Beck. Bnwena Lundinz.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel. Bihlers Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 9. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW. velocity 16 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per bktn City of Papeete— April 14. lat 2S 57
K, lon 160 14 W— Bark Coryphene. from Klhei.
for San Francisco.
April », lat . lon Br ship Llnllthgow
shlre. from Antwerp, for Tacoma.
DOMESTIC PORTS
PORT ANGELES— Arrived May S— Shio Luuls
Walsh, hence Airi! 13.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 9— Br stmr Port
btephens. from Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 9— Baric GeTnanla,
hence April 25; Br stmr Wyefleld. hence May
9; Br shlD Achnashie. from Port Townsend.
Sailed May 8— Br ship Holywood. for Queens
town: stmr Humboldt. for Skaguay: stmr Ber
tha, for Kodlak; schr Ivy. for Cape Nome; schr
Nellie Coleman. for Cape Nome; schr Laurel.
for Cape Nome; bktn Leslie D. for Cape Nome
May 9— Schr Martha W Tuft, for Cape Nome.
PYRAMID HARBOn-Arrived April 20— Stmr
Elsie, hence May 8. '
JUNEAU— Arrired April 2S— Stmr Reporter,
hence Aortl 12.
MONTEREY— Sailed May S— H B M stmr
Warsrlte. for Esquimau.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 8-Schr Aialea,
from Port Blaketey. J
CASPAR— Sailed May 9— Stmr Cleone. for Saa^
Pedro.
Shipping Intelligence.
TO SAIU
NEW YORK, May 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 18,
724; exports, 7739. There was better Inquiry for
winter straits and spring patents at old prices
with mills holding firm. Choice bakers were
also In good demand.
WHEAT— Receipts, 226,623; spot, easy; No. 2
red, 7S%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 77%c ele
vator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 73T»c f. o. b.
afloat to, arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth. 77%c f.
o. b. afloat. Options opened steady and were
sustained during the forenoon by steady cables,
fears of a bullish Government report and
moderate covering. Weakness developed sub
sequently, howsver, on large deliveries of con
tract wheat and a smash In the May opening.
Closed >4S%c net decline, the latter on May.
May. 71?i r o72',ic. closed at 71%c; July, 72 13-16'<i'
73 1-lGc. closed at 72"ic; September, 73%®
73 ll-16c, closed at 73%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIL>ES-Steady.
WOOL— Dull
DRIED FRUITS.
COFFEE — Futures closed steady, with prices
£S?10 points net lower; total sales, 2300 bags,
including May. $8 4506 50; June, {6 43; July.
JG &3: AuRUst, ti CO; September. J6 70*56 73;
October, $6 75j November, JO 80: December, $7©
7 03; January, J7 15; March, $7 20. Spot— Rio,
irregular;' invoice, 7%c; mild, quiet; Cordova,
S'.ifi 131-jc
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, 3 15- 16c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4 7-16c; molasses sugar,
3?4c; refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5045 packages; firm;
Western creamery. 16@20c; factory, 135/l."c.
EGGS — Steady; storage Western at mark,
13%S12%ic; packing at mark. 12Vi@12%c.
NEW YORK, May 9.— The market for evap
orated apples was moderately active but steady
at fully gustalned prices. California dried fruits
continue dull and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES — Common.
4%<&5c; prime. 5% ( g6c; choice, 6*i®7c; fancy,
7%i?i8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal.- lSQloc; Moorpark, lo'gKc.
PEACHES— Peeled. 18iS22c; unpeeled, 7%'S5c.
New. York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May 9.— The market for metals
exhibited a weak undertone to-day owing to
unsatisfactory cables and the continued lack
of demand. Copper In London was 15s lower.
Under this Influence the local market for that
metal eased off some 124 points, closing easy
In tone at $16 87%. Tin was weak and eome
what lower under larze receipts and a drop of
os in London. At the close quotations were on
the t.jutis of 129 IS bid and *29 30 asked. Iron
continues weak and nominally quoted at J15
for warrants. Northern No. 1 foundry was
quoted nominally at J21fi22. Lead and spelter
were steady at fully sustained prices, the latter
due to the nood export demand. Prices at the
close were on the basis of J4 4O@4 45 and Jl 57%
©4 62%. respectively. The brokers' price for
lead was J4 20 and for copper $17.
Chicago Grain Market.
New York Grain and Produce.
the early xnorr-ins tides are given la the I?ft
han-l cclusia ar.d the successive tides of tas
day In the order of occurrence as to tlsie Th«
second tlm« column gives the second tide cf
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives ?;-. .
last tld* of the day. except when there are but
three tides, aa sometimes occurs. The beige:*
given are In addition to the soundings on UM
United States Coast Surrey charts, excep:
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number g;tv«i Is subtracted from
the depta given bjr the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ' July. Sept.
Opening 5 8V4 5 8H
Closing 5 8»» 5 8H
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 19 65 21 50
Closing 19 65 21 M
Flour-
Opening 25 S5 2S 05
Closing 23 85 2S 00
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, May 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 19,000.
Steers, active, steady to 10c lower, closing
strong; butchers' stock fully steady. Natives,
best on sale to-day, one carload shorthorns
at *5 80; good to prime steers. $4 85ig3 SO; poor
to medium, $4 10^4 75; selected feeders about
eteady, S4 20Q5; mixed stockors. quiet, J3 73*3
4; cows, W84 63; heifers, t? 23§3 10; canners,
12 40@3; bulls, $2 8Of4 33; calves, J4Q6 50;
Texans, best on sale to-day, one carload at $0;
Texas fed steers, steady. *4@4 20; Texas buils.
$2 25S3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day. 22.CO0; to-morrow. 23.
000 estimated: left over, 1600; active, 6@10c
higher; top, S3 40; mixed and butchers, $5 10®
5 37%; good to choice, heavy, $5 25155 40; rough.
heavy, $5 101/5 20; light, Jl 93C«5 30; bulk of
sales. $:. 204T5 30.
SHEEP— Receipts. 14,000; sheep, strong. 10c
higher; lambs. 10c higher. Good to choice
wethers, $3 •»0@5 75; fair to choice mixed, toW
5 45; Western sheep, $5 i»?5 75; yearlings, ia 6">
«i6; native lambs, $5 50^7 CO; Western lambs,
J«@7 40.
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, May 9.— The Boston 'Wool and Cot
ton Reporter will say to-morrow: There Is no
imDrovement to be noted In the wool market,
the trade for the most part being completely
stagnant. Pending the opening of th* London
wool eales on Tuesday of this week there was
no disposition to operate. It was generally ex
pected that the sales would open at a further
decline, which expectation was realized when
on that day cables were received announcing
declines of from 5 to 10 per cent and offerings
of 29O.OCO bales. This decline has naturally in
tensified the weakness here. Aside from the
London sales the attention of the trade has
teen largely concentrated on the wool-growing
districts, where there appears to be a deadlock
between the grower and the buyer, and but
very few of the new wools have as yet been
purchased. In the local market sales have been
very small and prices unchanged.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, May 9.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 91.S73 bales and
consisted of a good selection. Competition was
more active, but prices showed no Improve
ment. The Continent was an active buyer, but
the home trade secured the bulk of the offer
ings. American purchases were small. Greasy
crossbreds were in good demand. The with
drawals, which were considerable yesterday,
wtre less to-Uay.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, May 9.— California fruit nold
to-day: Cherries — From Newcastle, black Tar
tarians. {1 20'Til 25, averaged $1 22; Knight's
early black averaced Jl.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. May 9.— Clearings, »24S,986; bal
ances, }25,S06.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. May ».— WHEAT— Quiet and un
changed. Club. £2c; bluestem, 55c.
PORTLAND. May 9.— WHEAT — Quotations
to-day were generally around 53@54c for Walla
Walla, the latter being a pretty stiff figure,
based en exporting; freight rates, but possibly
without a loss where exporters had cheap
ships. Valley is nominal at E2®53c and for
choice stock the latter flsure could probably
be bettered slightly. Bluestem Is nominally
E6c, with the demand mostly from the mills.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 9.— Consols, 100 7-18; silver,
27V4d; French rentes. lOOf 87V4c; cargoes on pas
sage, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes No. 1
standard California. 30s; cargoes Walla Walla,
29n 3d; English country markets, part 6d
cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. May 9.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California. 6s 3d@6s 3V»d;" wheat in
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, firm.
COTTON— Uplands. 5 7-16d.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1 California, 6s 3dfl6s 3'^d:
No. 1 Northern spring, 5s 10 l /jd; futures, quiet;
July. 6s 8%d; September, Bs k%d.
CORN — Spot, steady; American mixed, new,
4s l%d; futures, steady, ilay 4s 174d; July. 4s;
September, 4s.
Charters.
Battle Abbey, lumber from Puget Bound for
Pert Pirle; Mary Bufcne, redwood from Eureka.
for Kahulul.
Etjphroeyne. wheat for Europe, 40s — prior to
arrival.
Receipts of Wine and Brandy.
Receipt* cf wlr.e and brandy at this port dur
ing the first four month* of the year were as
follows, compared with the same time last
year: Of wine. 4.S17.COO gallons, against 6.60s.
600; of brandy, :22,1C") gallons, against S6.E30.
Merchandise for Central America
The etearr.er Acapulco. which sailed yesterday
Snr Mexican «u.d Central American porte. car
ried an assorted merchandise cargo valued at
$$3.7X5. destined as follows:
Central America. J30.E93
Pa&asia. 1.2S5
M.llco S.337
New York 42.470
Total .15^
For Central Amerira— 4 bb's and 2S cs whisky.
ZCi bble fiour. 1C2 pkgt grcx-erifs and provis
ion*. 130 bbl* tallow, 44S mats lice, lOOo rail
road ties. SiS eks coal. .<• cs and C tanks coal
oil. CS t.»!es dry goods, etc.
For Panama — Id bbls flour, 10 cs tea, ES pkgs
trroceri'-e «und praTfatatMh iVt mats rice, 26 rkga
tsrdware. 3 ct seuinp machines, etc.
For Uexico— 100 bxs candles, 100 flasks <;ulek
iilx'er. 1 tteam drill. 42.1S2 Tbt< bluenonc, 21
rkg« hardware. 5 bblfl wine. 25 pkgs beer. etc.
For New York— 106, 71S gals and S cs wine.
106 pk» horn*. 'J.Z2 tks glue, 22 cs drugs, 12a
cks ; :.-.- . etc
Additional Manifests.
Additional carpo per steamer Curacao, cleared
on the ith irjt.* for Mexican ports, has been
reported as follows: 100 fla*ks quicksilver,
80,000 Tt.s eu'.pbur. 26.1CS feet lumber, 12U0 gals
wine, 21 cs whlrky, s cs fuse. 41 cs paints, 7
bb'.« rosin, 1CS i-kgs vegetable*, £31 pkgs hard
ware, 173 pkgs groceries and provisions, SS cs
dried fruit, etc.. valued at S15.698.
State of Trade.
The New Tcrk circular cf Henry Clews ears:
"Gold exports have attracted more attention
than deserved. At this period we usually ship
Cold, and as money Is worth lraiH per cent
mere In London than !n New York it is but
natural for gold to flow Jn that direction.
While raore will probably, follow there are no
Indications that the efflux will be sufficient to
cause ar.y Inconvenience here. Money rate*
trade requirements are relaxing: bank reserves
are rising; the ireaeury 1? taking less from
the banks than usual, and now holds over
$.7i,000,0u0 cf free gold that could be taken be
fore the surplus reserve of JlJO.OtO.OOu could
be reached. In th money eituatlon. therefore,
th^re is no cstui^ for concern: in fact New
York Is now practically a lender of funds in
London. Parii and Berlin: than which we could
have no better evidence of financial strength.
The trade situation shows some abatement of
the rush noticed during the paft fix months.
Borne manufacturers »I!1 l»e occupied for two
or three months more on high-priced contracts;
but new orders are coming in more slowly.
Buyers have got over their excessive zeal
to get gor<Js, and In Rome departments of
merchandise retailer* are ' already carrying
lanre Ftockf, and w!!l probably put in their
duplicate orders with less freedom until these
are worked down to normal proportions. For
these reasons it would caua; no surprise if pen
eraJ busir.euii flowed down somewhat at first
hands. If then some nhadir.g of values should
follow new orders would probably come in more
freely. In the Iron trade most departments
er» fully employed and no recessions of cor.
pequence have yet been made. The present
abnormal prices for these products cannot,
however, continue Indefinitely; and as there
are mar.y r.ew projects deferred because of the
high coet of structural materials, a lower
rar.je of values would place such Industries
on a more stable and natural basis."
Weather Report.
SAN FRANCISCO. May H p. a
nZKh Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Th« following are the f>ea*onal rainfalls to
£ate. es compared with those of same date
la*t season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
boura:
£an Francieco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, 53; mean. &S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
There has been a decided fall in. pressure
during the past twenty-four hours over the
Pacific rlop*. An area of low pressure has
moved rapidly across Oregon aiid Northern
California arid Is now central over Southern
Idnho 8-nd Northern Nevada,
The temperature h«* risen over Utah . and
Southern Arizona. Maximum temperatures of
V<4 degrees are reported at Phoenix and Yuma.
Temperatures exceeding 1M> degrees are reported
In the Kan Joaquln Valley, but with southerly
winds.
Fog prevail* along the coast from Point Con
ception to Caye Mendoclr.o.
Showers axe repotted In Oregon and Wash
ington.
Forecast ir.a<5e at San Francisco for thirty
fcour» erring midnight. May 10. 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Thursday, with shower* In central
ar>d northern portion: freeh southerly winds,
becomlns westerly, on the o-.aft, with heavy
for in the afternoon.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fre«h
westerly winds-
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday: light showers in
northern portion.
Utah— Cloudy Thursday, with ehowera In
northern -portion.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy unsettled
weather; pOfslbly lljht fi hoxver« In th* morn
lnr; <Jens« fo» In the Gate In the afternoon
light eoutherly wln<in. changing to brisk west
erly. ALEXANDER <3. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
' Indications. Evidently the process of liquida
tion wu largely concentrated In a few hands
and It was conducted by concerted understand
ing and with a diligent nursing of oppor
tunities. On any considerable decline the
pressure of the selling promptly relaxed and
supporting ordets were executed which over
i and over again checked the decline and drove
I efforts of the bears to cover were met by
i aggressive bidding up of prices In the Interest
of eeveral of the most prominent stocks. But
every time when prices recovered to near last
night's clo««e the volume of buying ord<"ts fell
off and eventually ceased. The flood of liqui
dation was thon renewed. The volume of deal
ings on the recovery was palpably much less
than that on the decline and the aggressive I
bidding up of prices showed that the object |
was rather to establish a higher level of prices
than to secure stocks on the mest advantageous j
terms. That a turning point must ultimately 1
be reached after such a period of liquidation !
and a sharp recovery must ensue makes the |
professional bears very cautious in maintain
ing opposition to any rising tendency in the !
New York market. None Of the news of the
day had any apparent effect on the movement
cf prices. Exports of gold to Paris, which
amounted to a little over I2.S0O.Cm0. proved
slightly larger than the preliminary estimates, j
The local money market showed a slightly j
hardening tendency, especially for time loans, j
which showed the possibility of an automatic I
check to the gold export movement in ca.«e j
of any increased need for money here. AH
of the trunk lines, the Pacifies, the Atchisons,
Missouri Pacific and Louisville were special
surferers from the liquidation. The firmness
of the 6teel stocks was doubtless due to the
large liquidation already affected In them and
the outstanding short intereft. This condition
made them available for manipulation for a
rise to help sustain the market.
Liquidation was in evidence In the bond mar
ket cs w«rll as in the stock market and high
grade bonds were affected along with the spec
ulative issues. Total sales, par value, $1,970,
000.
United States new 4s and 3s (coupon) de
clined H. new 4s ar.d 3s 1 registered), refund
ing 2*. when issued, and old 4s U In the
bid price.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Cloelng
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
iZ/.lQ Atchiecn 23*
3742u Atchifon prefd W l 4
34.tlO Baltimore & Ohio 76S»
3e9 Canadian Pacific 94
C00 Canada Southern 13"4
4,100 Cfcefcap»ake «i Ohio 27v»
700 Chicago Great Western 12* t
24,UiO Chicago Burlington &. Qulncy 1^4
L'X'O Chic lnd & Louis 23'i
1,300 Chic lnd Ac Louis prefd 53
iw» Chic & East Illinois 101
Chicago &. Northwestern 157
9.500 Chic ttock Island & Pacific 106
2.700 C C C A; St L 5S'/i
150 Colorado Southern 6*4
400 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 30
100 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1S4
l,CO<j D<"iavare & Hudson 114V*
1.6oy Dvl Lack i: West 176'^
ttiO Denver it Rio Grande IS
400 Denver & Kio Grande i>refd CSU
Erie 12^»
l,4i.<) Erie 1st rrefd 36H
900 Great Northern prefd 1Z2\
40>J Hook;nx Coal 14V»
3uo Hocking Valley 37U
l.yx» Illinois Central 112*-* j
2oO Iowa Central 16'i
to) Iowa Central prefd 41
100 Kan City Pitts & Gulf 1674
1. 000 I-ake Erie <t Western 23
Lake Erie & Western prefd 8*
...:... I*ake Shore 208
S>.5C0 Lcu-tville & Nashville 79«,
10.200 Manhattan L Sl b B !
4,iC; Metropolitan St Ry lal'.j ]
L4'J0 Mt-xirun Central 13>»
400 llinn & St Louis 63
Mirn A; St Louis prefd .• 9«
46,400 ills.scurl Pacific £.0%
J50 Mobile & Ohio 40
M0 Missouri Kan & Tex.T* 10%
1.4U) Missouri Kan & Texas prefd £2Va
l.W) New Jersey Central 1164*
10,500 New York Central 131's
MOO Norfolk & Western 34'* !
£60 Norfolk & Western prefd T7J4
lS.L'so Northern Paciilc 55**
2.7C0 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
4.U«j Oct&rlo & Western 21H ;
Oregon Ry & Nav 42 i
Oregon Ky & Nav prefd 75 i
23 2'0 Penr.tsylvanla 13'->%
2.730 Reading 17
11.7i,0 Heading 1st prefd £5 7 i
3.U0 leading 2d rrefd 2S
Ri» Grande We-stcrn 55
Kio Grand? Western prefd S3
€00 £t LouIh & San Francisco 10V4
Bi Loots & San Fran 1st prefd.... 67
<00 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 32V4
100 St 1-ouis Southwestern 114
1.015 fet Louis Southwebtern prefd 2S^»
21,270 fct Paul 116",
St Paul prefd 172^
St Paul & Omaha 113
36,635 Southern Pacific S3%
4.6IO Southern Railway 12',»
6,405 Southern Railway prefd 54^
&.7.V) Texp.s & I'acinc 17
41.780 Union Pacific £3».
8.C0 Union Paclllc prefd 73U
100 Wabash 8>*
4.1V) Wahash preM 22
1.210 Wheeling & L E 8%
2.2iO Wheeling & L E 2d prefd 261,
1.2U0 Wisconsin Central isij
Express Companies —
Adams 117
American 149
United States 47
Wells-Fargo 115
Xllscfllanecuji—
12> American Cotton Oil 33'i
American Cotton Oil prefd 94
American Malting 3«i
443 American Malting prefd 22
4.C45 American Smelting & Refng 4014
1.070 American Smelting & Refng prefd.. 8*
American Spirits 2V4
American Spirits prefd 17
3.C7') American r.'teel Hoop 22
£00 American Steel Hoop prefd 72
14.5'>J American Steel AtWire 37%
2,100 American Steel & Wire prefd 76T»
C60 American Tin Plate 25>;
110 American Tin Plate prefd 76 1^
26.2:.O American Tobacco 100
American Tobacco prefd 130
2.610 Anaconda Mining Co 43U
18.970 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 71H
J>,3!s5 Colorado Fuel & Iron 33«j
4.1C5 Continental Tobacco 2$7»
352 Continental Tobacco prefd 79U
8.O20 Federal Steel : 3^
2,&33 Federal Steel prefd 67V«
E.-.0 General Electric 1371^
CM Glucose Sugar 4514
Glucose Sugar prefd 10O
JW International Paper 22
200 International Paper prefd 63
250 Laclede Gas C5
450 National Biscuit 30Vi
National Biscuit prefd 84
€20 National Lead 20
2«0 National Lead prefd.' 101
1,S2» National Steel 31
200 National Steel prefd 81
100 New York Air Brake 322
3,300 North American 14%
100 Pacific Coast 47
Pacific Coast l*t prerd SJ
275 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 57>4
8.M0 Pacific Mall 30^4
11. SRi) People's Gas 1Q2U
1,100 Pressed Steel Car 4SH
Pressed Steel Car prefd 78
150 Pullman Palace Car 130
47*. Standard Rope & Twine 57'
8S.970 Sugar 113'*
." Sugar prefd jil
4.S50 Tennessee Coal & Iron 78X4
. 6.27J United States Leather 114 '
1.045 United States Leather prefd GM
3,004 United States Rubber 28U
United States Rubber prefd 93'
1.0«",4 Western Union gi
¦2.400 Republic Iron & Steel j.'.y
ino Republic Iron & Steel prefd 5?u
1,064 Western Union si
P C C & St Louis 57
Third Avenue ..107
634.700 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2« refunding. |M K & T 2ds OS
when Issued ....lC2«ilM K & T 4s 93
U S 2s rtg 99Vi N Y Central lsts.. Ill
U 8 3s reg 109 N J Cent gen 5s..l22U
t. S 3a coup 109 N Carolina CB......127
U S new 4a reg. ...133*4 N Carolina 4s 106
L S new 4s coup.,133»ilN Pacific 3s 66%
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creamery. 14®19\4c: dairy,
13.H@16Hc. Eggs, steady. fresb. 10%@UHc.
Cheese, dull; creams. 9gllc.
ARTICLES. [Receipts.] Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 26.000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 43.000 ' 163.000
Corn, bushels 254.000 413.000
Oats, bushels 279,000 310,000
Rye. bushels 5.0CO 6.0C0
Barley, bushels 30.000 1.000
Securities were quiet all day and prices
showed no changes worthy of nute.
There were fair sales of Home OH at $4 V).
The La Fortuna Mining Company has de
clared the regular monthly dividend— No. 27—
of 10 cents, payable now.
Dividends will be paid to-day as follows:
Giant Powder, 75 cents; Pacific Gas Improve
ment, 35 cents; Paauhau Plantation, 20 cents;
San Jose Water. 50 cents.
A dividend of 8 cents per share by the Mutual
Electric Company is now payable.
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company ha«
declared a regular quarterly dividend of SI
per share, payable May 21.
The California Street Cable Railway Com
pany paid a dividend of 50 cents yesterday.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, May 9—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ark.
U S Bonds— Eqult C L Co. 2% 2Ti
4s quar coup...ll4H113U!Mutual El Co.— 11
4s do reg 114U115»i ; O G L & II... — 474
4s do cp new-.tSG^^^Pac Gas Imp.. 45 47
3s do coup lOJ^illO Pae L Co 41 —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 47 47H
Cal-st Cab 3s..llSUH9^ San Francisco. 4V» 4S
C C Water 6s..lu7V» — IStkn G & K Co 10 —
Ed L & P 6s..l28Vi — Insurance—
F & Cl Ry 6s. .115 — Firem's Fund. 227 —
Geary-st R 5s. — 92& Bank Stocks—
H C & S 0V2S.. — — Anglo Cal Ltd. <5 C5'±
Do 5s 103 KM iBank of Cal... 415 —
L A Ry 5s 1<H 101%! Cal S D & T..K* 10«
L A L Co €s... — — 'First National. — 230
Do gntd 5s... — 101 Lon P & A 13ZH —
L A & P. R 5s.lO2H — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s. ..12s** — Nev Nat Bank — —
Do 1st m 5s..ll7i; — Savings Bar.ks—
N G N U R 7s.H7V; — Ger S <fc L....1330 —
N R of Cal 6s.H4»4 — Hum S & L... — —
N P of Cal 59.115 — Mut Sav Bk.. 45«4 —
N P C R R 6s. 105 — S F Sav U... »5 —
Do 09 10% — Sav tc L Soc. 74 7i
N Cal R R 68.113 — Sec Sav Bic... — —
Oak G L&h;s.11<> — Union T Co... — —
Oak Trans 6s.. 115 — Street Railroads—
Oak W Co 5s.. — 1064 California 1214 —
Oceanic S Co. .103^ — G»ary-«t 50 —
Om C Ry 8s...l27<» — Market-st Ry. 82'i «3
P & Cl Ry Su.1044 — O S L St. H.... — U>
P & O R R 6s. 115 — Presidio 1» —
Powdi-st R «*>.U7 — Powder Stocks-
Sac L & O RSs 90 — 'California 1M 171
S F & SJV 5s.llS — Giant Con Co.. 91 914
S Ry of Cal 61.111;; — Vlgorlt 3H —
S P of A 6s.... — 115 fcurar Stacks-
Do OSOS) 10S no Hana S P Co.. 8H SH
Do (iy><!) 111H113 Haw C & S Co — 90
Do (1912) 113 — Honokaa S Co. 32% 32\
Do Ut <¦« 5s.. — — Hutch S P Co. 234 26
S P Br 6« 12SU — K!lau»a S Co.. 20ft 2U«
S VAVat;rfs..lli — Makawell S Co 44 4S4
Do 4s 102Til03%!Onomea S Co.. 2» 2J>\
S V W (3d m).lir.» — Paauhau S Co. 31»i —
Stocktn Gas Os S3 — Miscellaneous —
Water Stocks— Al Pack Asn..ll7»;n*4
Centra Costa.. 674 674 Cal Fruit Asn.lO4T»lM
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 10<)
Spring Valley. 344 — .Oceanic S Co.. 324 34
Gas & Electric— Pac A F A 2 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co.. 150 —
Cent L & P 3H 3H! Par Paint Co.. 19 —
Board—
Mornlns Session.
23 Contra Costa Water 67 00
50 Equitable Gas 2 50
CO Hutchinaon S P Co 25 37'4
•*3 Hutchinson S P Co 23 50
10 Hutchinson S P Co 25 62S
1> Kllauea S P Co. b 30 21 12^
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 3s 104 £0
19 Market Street Railway 63 00
$1000 Market Street Railway 1st con SS...117 50
25 S F Gaslight, s 90 4 50
CO S F Gas & Electric Co 47 25
15 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 12<4
MSF Gaa & Electric Co. cash 47 12^j
Street—
$25,000 Northern Railway of Cal 6s 115 23
Afternoon Session.
Board- r~~~~ '
5 California Fruit Canners 105 0O
IBS Contra Costa Water 87 23
79 Equitable Gas : 2 75
5 Giant Powder Con 91 25
200 Hnna Plantation Co S 50
65 Makawell S P Co ii 25
£0 Pacific Lighting Co 4160.
£0 Pacific Lighting Co 41 00
ICO R F Gas & Electric Co 47 23
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 12<4
15 Spring Valley Water 94 62«,
3 Spring Valley Water 94 50
Street—
44 California Fruit Canr.ers 106 00
$7000 Market Street Railway con es 117 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
>tornln~ Session.
Board —
60 Home Oil 4 50
Afternoon Session.
. 230 Home OH 4 SO
72 Petroleum Center 10
Street—
100 Yukon 115
MINING STOCKS.
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
500 Belcher II, 3C0 Potosi 13
I'M Con Imperial.. 01} 100 Savage II
10O Gould & Curry. 16 100 Sierra Nevada.. 30
&00 Ophlr £.11 50 Union Con 20
20O Ophlr 50| 600 Yellow Jacket.. 18
1C0 Overman 20.
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belchrr. 23 100 Ophlr 50
200 Bullion 02 ?X» Overman 19
5W Chollar 19 100 Potosl 19
5CO Chollar 1? 200 Utah OS
2CO Confidence 75 100 Yellow Jacket.. 19
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlnc: Session
1(V> Best & Belcher. 20, 200 Hale & Norcrs. 30
100 Best <fe 'Belcher. 2S| 230 Mexican 2»
1150 Chollar 201 200 Occidental 13
230 Con Cal & V..1 52^1 150 Ophlr 51
300 Con Cal & V...155 500 Ophlr BO
200 Gould & Curry. 16
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher. 29 500 J-istlce 02
200 Chollar 20 100 Mexican 24
200 Chollar IS 200 Occidental 13
300 Chollar .? 17 200 Ophir 4S
300 Con Cal & Va.l 30 200 Overman 19
500 Con Cal & Va.l 52 1 1C») Potosl 19
500 Confidence 76^ ZOO Savage 13
200 Crown Point 10}- 100 Sierra Nevada.'. - 30
200 Gould & Curry. 16' 1000 Union Con 20
300 Gould & Curry. 151 S00 Utah us
100 Hale & Norc... 29;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, May 9—4 pt m.
Bld.Ask.i Bld.Ask.
Alpha. 02 04|JustIce 01 03
Alta 02 04iKentuck — ft;
Andes 06 07iLady Wash — 03
Belcher 10 11 Mexican 23 24
Bet<t & Belcher. 2S 29; Occidental 12 13
Bullion 02 (CjOphir 47 4%
Caledonia 99 1 03 Overman 17 18
Chollar IS 19|Potosl IS 19
Challenge Con. 13 15i Savage 13 14
Confidence 75 76|Scorplon — C2
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 53jSeg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — 0i ( Sierra Nevada.. 30 31
Con New York. — 04 j Sliver Hill 13 16
Eureka Con — 50iSt Louis — 12
Crown Point.... 10 11 Standard 3 63 4 54
Exchequer ..... 01 03iSyndtcate OS —
Gould & Curry- 15 16|Unlon Con l» n
Hale & Norcrs. 29 31frtah 07 08
Julia — 031 Yellow Jacket.. 15 17
Exchange and Silver stand as before.
Wheat dull and lower on call.
Other cereals as before quoted.
Further arrivals of netv Hay. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds continue dull.
Xezv Potatoes coming in more freely. Onions laivcr.
Marysville Cucumbers appeared.
Eggs continue to decline slowly. Cheese and Butter quiet.
Poultry market zvell cleaned up again.
New Honey coming in.
CJierries lower under heavier stocks.
Provisions continue neglected and weak.
Meat market shows no further change.
Linseed Oil advanced.
Light trading in local securities.
THE STOCK MARKET.
L S old 4s reg.,...U4«i:N Pacific 4s 103%
L S old in coup...H4H'N Y C & S L 4s. .11)6
U S js rep 112'4;N £ W con 4s 96*i
L S as coup .112>,'N & XV sen 6s 132
\»s ot Co! 3.65s.. ..121 '.Or Nav lsts lint
Atchison gen 4s 100 j Or Nav 4s 103'i
Atchinon ad] 4s... S3',4;Or Short Line 6s.. 128'^
Canada So 2ds....lO7 jOr S L con 5s. 113'*
Ches & Ohio 4Hs.. S7TiiReading Gen 4s.... S3
<-hes & Ohio 5s 117 R G W lsts '... 9i»U
C & NW con 7s.. .14114 Is L & I M con 5s.I09Ti
C & NWSFMeb Ss.llS^I.S L & S F E<?n 6s. 124
'. hi. -ago Term 4s.. !»5 ! St Paul cons 170
D & R G lsts 100H!s P C & P lats 120
" & « G 4s 98 S P C & P 5s 122
E T Va&Ga lsts. .102*; S R Ss 112
Erie General 43.... 71»i [Stand R & T 6a.... 70
!• \\ &. D C lsts.. 70>t;Tenn new set 3s... 95'4
General Elec 3s. ...i;a iTex & Pac lsts 1UM,
G II & S A Cs HOVilTex & Pac 2ds 374
G II & s A 2ds....l07HjUnlon Pacific 4S...104**
H & T C 5s Ul'ijWabash lsts 114*i
H & T C con <i«...llO Wabaeh 2ds .103',i
Iowa Central lsts.. 114 West Shore 4s 112
K C P i G lgts... 71%|Wis Cent lsts 90'4
La new cons 4s lOS'^jVa Centuries 92
L & N Unl 4s 100»»IVa deferred 5
So Pacific 43 S2HIC & S 4s S3
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 17-Ontarlo 7 75
Crown Point 07iOphlr 45
Con Cal & Va 1 40; Plymouth 10
Deadwood 55 Quicksilver 1 60
Gould & Curry 12 i Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Hale & Norcross.. 25lSIerra Nevada 27
Homestake 50 00 i Standard 3 25
Iron Silver 63 Union Con 17
Mexican 21 i Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— IRubber 28
CaJl loans 3 (34 Union Pacific 53%
Time loans 3%@4'4'West End 92
Stocks— Bonds—
A T &- S F 23%'Atchlson 4s 99H
A T & S F prefd... 6S\,|N E Gas & Coke.. 6$
American Sugar... 113*4 Mining Shares-
Am Sugar prefd. ...IUH (Adventure 4%
Bell Telephone 314 Allouez Mln Co.... IT,
Boston & Albany.. 242'* Amalg Copper 87
Boston Elevated.... 143 (Atlantic 22',4
Boston & Maine. ..153 Boston & Mont 2S3
Chgo, Bur & Q 123T, jCalumet & Hecla_.76O
Dominion Coal .... 42^,; Centennial 17
Dom. Coal prefd. ...117 |Franklln 13
Federal Steel 3STii Humboldt 75
Fed Steel prefd... 67 jOsceola 64Vi
Fltchburg prefd. ...130 Parrot 40^
Gen Electric 136Vi Qulncy 135
Gen Elec prefd 13S Santa Fe Copper... 5
Ed Elec 111 203 Tamarack 176
Mexican Central... 13 Utah Mining 27tf
Old Colony 208 Winona 3
Old Dominion V\i Wolverines 3S
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, May 9.— Money on call steady
at 2S2 1 i p?r cent; lai>t loan. 2 l J per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. Z^'QVi per cent. Sterling ex
change steady, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 8SH for demand and $4 84S for sixty
days; posted rate*. $4 R5«J4 S5V4 and $4 89'g'4 S9%:
commercial bills, $4 83"*ig4 84^. Silver certifi
cates, SO'gtiOUc. Bar silver, J5 7 ,ic. Mexican dol
lars, 47Jt474c > Bonds— Government, weak;
State, inactive; railroad, weak.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $144,839,741; gold. $77,061,920.
London Market.
NEW YORK, May 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets were flat all round to-day,
chiefly in Westrallans. Business in Americans
was less heavy than yesterday and there was a
slightly better tone at the close. Accompanied
by the usual rumor that COCO Boers had sur
rendered, funds are still declining and the war
loan has been at only 1 3-16 premium. The
County Council discussed to-day an Issue of
£5.000.000. Americans opened eick, under par
ity, but rallied fractionally. New York, how
ever, came still worse, and the market closed
at the bottom. In the street It steadied for
a f^w minutes, then broke again. There were
weak spots both here and on the Continent.
The London speculation proves to have been
bigger than was thought, but there is a slight
inclination to buy on the decline.
Paris was. unsettled and sold Tlntos T» down.
Anacondas sympathized and copper was er
ratic. The disparity between spot and forward
is growing. Bills were more plentiful and the
bank did a fair business In discounts. There
were no loans.
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 9.— Atchljon, 25U: Canadian
Pacific. 954i ; Union Pacific preferred, 75U;
Northern Pacific preferred, 77; Grand Trunk,
7»»; Anaconda, 8%; bar silver, quiet, 27V*d;
money, 3V4 per cent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
and unchanged; No 2 *prinK wheat, 63*iGCS r ;ic:
No. 3. C2<SC5c: No 2 red 71c: No. 2 corn. 35
©39Vic: No. 2 yellow Z^'iigy^c; No. 2 oat».
23*irrt-2ic: Xo. 2 white 2S 1 ti?27c; No. 3 white,
2;=>ig26'4c; No 2 rye 53'»c; good feeding bar
ley. 36H@37c; fair to'chofce malting. 40>4S42c;
Xo. 1 fla.\8eed, $1 SO; Xo. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO;
prime timothy seed, $2 4.V§2 47M-: mess pork,
per barrel. $11 E0S11 55; lard, per 100 pounds,
$6 S2HS6 83; short ribs side? (loose) IS 43@6 70;
dry Ealted shoulders fboxed), G»i86*;c: short
clear sides (boxed) $7g7 10; whisky, .basis of
high wines, $1 25%; sugar, clover, contract
grade, $7.
closed strong with a gain of 7Hc for pork,
12Hc for lard and 7HS10e for ribs.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Oat Groats, $1 E0; Hominy, $5 23«S CO; Buck
wheat Flour. J4SH 25; Cracked Wheat. S3 25:
Farina. $4 50: Whole Wheat Flour. %3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6@7 23; In sacks. $3 75®7: Pearl
Barl*y. $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $5 60 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
—
Several cars of new volunteer Oat Hay came
In from Alamtda County, selling at $6 50. per
ton. There was less demand for old Hay and
the feelin«r was not as firm.
Ff-edstuffs stand as before.
BRAN— $1S@13 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— *17@20 per ton
FEEUSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, J15®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26<a27; Jobbing,
;27 aO(g2S; Cocoanu; Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$25; Cracked Corn, $23 5*) ; Mixed Feed. $15 50;
Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat, $7®9 for common to good ; $3 50
«Jia for choice: Wheat and Oat, $7<gD; Oat.
$&tt$:*- Barley. ICST; Alfalfa. $5^7 50 per ton.
STRAW— 25!S2jc cer bale.
Beans and Seeds.
I The situation atands the same, trade being
dull.
DEAXS— Bayos. W&Z 20; small White. S3 38
3 43: large White, $3 10@3 20; Pink, $2 50S2 90"
Red, $J 2553 E0; Blackfye, $3 50@4; ' Butters'
nominal; Lima, $5 25@j 30; Pea, $3 40S3 £0- Red
Kidneys.. *4(&4 50.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4Hi?4*4c; Flax. Jl 9002 20; Canary.
3Ho per lb for California and 4c for Eastern-
Alfalfa. 3©10c: Rape, 2%®3c; Hemp 4S1HC-
Tlmothy. 4 1 g4%c. " "¦,,,.'
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90@2 23; Green, $1 90
Q2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Marysvllle Cucumbers appeared, selling at
J2 25 cer box.
New Potatoes are coming In more freely.
Onions are lower and weak.
Vegetables are in their usual rood supply
and prices show little variation. Rhubarb Is
doing a little better.
Receipts were £50 boxes Asparagus, 310 boxes
Rhubarb, 650 sacks Peas, 727 sacks and 1100
boxes new Potatoes. *
POTATOES-Burbanks. 40@65c per sack; Ore
son Burbanks. 50®90c; New Potatoes, $iai 50
in sacks ami $1^1 40 in boxes.
? ° 1 NION - £ l7: x « w Red - 65«90c per ctl; Aus
tralian. J4!g4 CO per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 40c@$l per box:
Asparagus. 50cfiU 25 per box for No. 2 and
$1 »0(gl 75 for No. 1 and $2 for fancy large:
?, r «- a . Pea^' "^S* 1 P« r sack for common and
$1 2a for Garden; String Beans, 2@4c; Wax
Beans. 436c; Horse Beans. 2o^50c per sack-
Cabbage. 40<gcOc; Tomatoes, $1 25*gl 75; Egg
Plant from Los Angeltra. 10c; Dried Okra, 22V-C
per lb; Garltc, 8gl0c: Green Pepper* from
Los Angeles, Sc; Dried Peppers, SiglOc; Car
rots, 2ii03oc per sack; Los Angeles Summer
Squash, $1@1 25 per box; Cucumbers, 40975c per
dozen.
Poultry and Game.
The market Is well cleaned up again and
prices are steady.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. ICQllc for Gob
blers and 12gl3c for Hens; Geese, per pair
$1 50@l 75; Goslings. Jl 75^r2; Ducks. 54 50«5 50
for old and *o 50<66 60 for young; Hens, $4^5;
Young Roosters. $«@7; Old Roosters, $4 25® 4 50;
Fryers. tS-35 £0; Broilers, $3 M@4 60 for large
and $2(?3 for small; Pigeons, $1 7J^2 per dozen
for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continue to. shade eft Stocks are too
heavy and the demand Is poor. Cheese remains
unchanged.
Creamery Butter Is steady enough, but dairy
is weak and in free supply.
Eggs from Minnesota are ofTeiing at 16c per
dozen.
BUTTER—
Creamerj'— Fancy creamery, 17Uc; seconds,
16>4Q17c.
Dairy— Fancy. 16!&16%c; good to choice, 14©
15 l ,4c; common. 13Hc.
CHEESE— New. 7HS«Hc; Young America, 9S
9Hc: Eastern, 16<@17c; Western. 15<gl6c per lb.
EGGS-Quoted atmi@14c for store and 15
©17c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 15@16c
asked.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Cherries were large again, and
the decline continued. A few fancy brought
$1 per box, but only occasionally.
Receipts of Strawberries do not seem as
heavy as usual at this time of the year, and
those of Raspberries and Blackberries axe yet
light and scattering.
Four cars of Oranges sold at auction at $2 70
€2 85 for fancy Navels. $2 30^2 49 for choice
Navels. $1 lOfi'J 15 for standards and 70c@l 80
for Seedlings.
Green Apples appeared from Vacavllle, sell
ing at $1 per box.
DECIDUOUS KKUITS—
APPLES-75ofi$2 per box.
STRAWBKRUIE.S-t4H5 per chest for large
and i'j"'iS for small berries. Receipts were 422
chcMi>.
GOOSEBERRIES— 2o(Sj0c per drawer for
common and Sc rer lb for English.
RASPBERRIES— From Newcastle. $121 50 per
crate; from BouUlin Island. o0<g75c per drawer.
BLACKBERRIE.S-Some arrived from Covlna
on ice, but were not sold.
CURRANTS— WQl 23 per drawer.
CHERRIES— 20665c per box for red and white
and .'.usi-Cn- for black, a few fancy bringing
90c*j»l. Receipts were 30S7 boxes.
CITKUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, *1 50@3 per
box; Seedlings, $1@1 75; Lemons, $r<i't 50 for
common and $2?j2 j0 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $(¦<>! 50; Bananas. $1 2.V£T2 50 per
bunch; Pineapples. $3 50&4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, A r uts and Raisins.
Several small lots of fair extracted new
Honey have arrived, selling at 6%t|7c per lb.
DRIED FRUITS— Prunes, in sacks. 3%c for
40-iO's, 34c for 50-60's.- 3»ic for 60-70's. 3fi3*i for
70-SO's, 2&'fi3c for &0-90"s and 2^c for »<MC0's;
Apricots, S&lOc for Royals and 10@llc for
Moorparks; Peaches, 4H@4»«c for Standards, 5c
for choice and 5Vifj<>c for fancy; Peeled Peaches.
\Wtf\'l\<c; Evaporated Apples. oHfefic: Sun-dried,
3'tMc per lb: Pears. 3H'iM^4c for dark and 7@Sc
for bright halves; Hlack Figs. 1%©2c; White
Figs. 2@3c; Bleached Plums. 7%c; unbleached
Plums, 6c for pitted and l'/4c for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
lb. 10c; choice, 5c; standard. Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lb, »%c; choice, 7V»c; standard. 6V4c;
prime, be; unbleached Sultanas, 5c; Seedless,
BO-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown, loose Muscatels, 5^jc;
3-crown. 6Uc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
2-crown. $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. a b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8g9c for Standards and
9@10c for softshells; Almonds, 11H«j12c for
paper shell, 9'olOc for soft and 4@5c for hard
f-hell. Peanuts. 5%'S?6*ic for Eastern and oc for
California. Brazil Nuts. «H@Sc Filberts, 12fl
12',4c Pecans. 11 5/ 13c. Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. lH4<gl2c for bright and 10iif»
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7Hc; light amber extracted, 6V4@7c; dark 5>^
(g6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2 l@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Private wires from Chicago yesterday said
that the weakness in rured meats was less
marked, and that operators looked for .more
steadiness.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy
lie for light medium, 12c for light. 13c for ex
tra light and 14%c for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13H@Hc: Mess Beef, $12 per
bbl: extra Mess. $13; Family, $14; extra Prime
Pork. $14 50@15: extra clear. $19; Mess, $16 50;
Smoked Beef, 12V4<§13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@8c per lb for com
pound and SVi'gSc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9Vic; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, lOHc
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8%@8%c per lb; half
barrels, S»*@S%c; 10-lb tins. 9Uc .
Hides, 'Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10®10V4c: medium, 9®9i/Jc: light. 9@9'4c-
Cowhides, 9<g9',ic: Stags, 7c; Salted Kip, 15c;
Calf, 10c: Dry Hides, . sound, 18c: culls and
brands, 15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16@17c: Dry
Calf. 19#20c: Sheepskins, shearlings, lag 30c
each; ghort Wool, 3D560c eachi^medium, 70<tiO0c
long Wool, $l@150each; Horse Hides, J2S2 50
for large and %l 25@1 75 for small;. Colts, 2Z1~(
60c. Deersklns^ — Summer or red skins, 40c; fall
or medium skins, 35c; -winter or thin skins, 20o.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c: medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5@5',4c per lb;
No. 2. 4@4^c; refined, 6c; grease, 2^@3c.
WOOL — Spring clip is quotable as follows*
Northern free. 15%® 17c: Northern defective, 13
@15c;* Middle County, free. 15@i7c; Middle
County, defective, 13@15c; Southern Mountain
12 menths'. 12@13c; do, free, 7 months', Il@l3c:
.do, defective. 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20® 23c; Nevada, 16@18c per Ib.
HOPS— 6@9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 6®6»ic per lb for fair to choice.
. VEAL— 6Vi®9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7>4c; ewes. 6#7c per
pound.
LAMB— Spiinp. 809c per lb. ¦ |
PORK— Live Hogs, 5%®6c for small and me
dium and 6H@5Hc for large; stock Hogs and
feeders, 5U@5^c; dressed Hogs, 7@8Hc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quenttn Bags, {5 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6Uc; Wool Bags, 2S>4@324c; Fleece
Twine. 7Vic. , .
COAL— Wellintrton, $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. JS; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50: Seattle
$3 SO: Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay. *Z; Wallsend J8:
Co-operative, Wallsend.' $8:, Cumberland. J12 in
bulk and $13 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Egg, $14: Cannel. ; $11 per ton: Coke, $13
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 lbs.
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 75c for raw and
77c for boiled In bbls; cases, 5c more.. • — -
SUGAR— The Western • Sugar ' Refining Com-
p«ny quotes, per lb. In 10© lb bass: . Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60c; Powdered.
5.60c: Candy Granulated. 5.20c; Dry Granulated.
6.10c; Confectioners' A. 6.10c; Magnolia A.
4.70c: Extra C, 4.60c: Golden C. 4.50c; barrels,
10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c
more: 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
lnos. half-barrels. S.Sic; boxe3. 6.10c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MAT 9.
Flour or sks 3:). 767 1 Middlings, sks.... 4S2
Wheat, ctls 69.003! Sugar, sks l.ODo
Barley ctls 6.560! Quicksilver, flsks. <5
Oats, ctls 1.320! Eggs. «1oz 21.WO
Corn ctls l,47u;L.ime. bbls 273
Cheese, ctls -IW Leather, rolls 32
Butter, ctls 641!\Vlne, sals 21, Si 1 )
Tallow, ctls 20i Pelts, bdls S2
Beans, sks 2~-> Hides. No tfilS
Potatoes, sks 2,4S7|\Vool, bales 704
Onions, sks 437 i Hay, tons 437
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY .10, 1900.
Foreign Futures.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
, Continued on Page Eleven.
NOTE— Iii the above' exposition of the tides
ronnc
AST.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
8
Sun, Moon and Tide.
ARTICLES. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat Xo. 2—
May Co% 65"£ 65H 65'4
July 6T»» 67H 67 67>fc
Corn No. 2 —
May 381.4 3Sli 37«i 37 T 4
July 39^ 33H 38H 3S»i
September 39% 39V 39 33H
Oats Xo. 2—
May ;. rzv, 22?; 221.4 22%
June 2"4 22H 22H 22%
July 22%! 2J"i 22^ "**
Mess pork, bbl — I
May n 47',i 11 50 11 47% 11 50
July 11 e2H 11 77H 11 55 11 65
Lard, 100 lbs—
May 6S2H
July ;;"; eSO 6 92ii 6 SO 6S-^
September ...' 6 SO 6 92 »4 6 SO- 6 SO
Short ribs. 100 lbs—
May . ; 6 55
July I;"" 6 b-\i 6 65 6 55 6 62V4
September 6 57U| 6 b2Vil 6 55 6 60
ARTICLES.
O Time ITJme Time Time
£ Ft. I Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W II W L W H W
10 ... 2:55 .1.4 9:15 4.0 7:15 2.2 8-55 S 4
11 ... 3:25 0.9 10:05 4.0 2:51 2.5 »:24 k"J
12 ... 3:53 0.6 10:53 4.2 3:28 2.7 9-51 5 8
13 ... 4:35 0.0 11:39 4.4 4:06 2.8 10-19 •5«
14 ... 5:11-0.3 12:23 4.5 4:45 3.0 10 : 50 57
L5 ... 5:50—0.6 1:11 4.fi 5:2S 3.1 11:2« 5*7
16... 8:32—0.6 1:58 4.7 6:15 i.2 ...... ...
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Coptic ]China& Japan May 11. 1 pn PMSS
Poos Bay... I Newport IMay 11. » am I Pier U
Empire |C»os Bay |May 11. 13 miPier 13
Santa Ana.. Seattle 'May 11. Wam'Pler 3
Coquille Rv Grays HarborjMay 12. 2 pm
Aloha Cape Nome.... May 12. S pmlPier S
Arcata Coos Bay May 12. 12 mipier 13
Octavia Europe .May 12. lOamjPler T
Crescent Cy Crescent City. | May 12. 3 pm|
State of Cal Portland May 13. 11 ami Pier 24
North ForlcjHumboldt May 13. 9 am Pier J
Corona ISan Dlero May 13. 11am Pier 11
Pomona IHumboIdt May 13. Z pm Pier 9
C. Nelson.. [Seattle May 13. 10 am ! Pier 3
Pt. Arena.JPolnt Arena.. May 14. 2 pm I Pier 3
Senator .... Cap* Nom#....|May 14, 11 am Pier 11
Newburg .. Grays HarbcrMay 14, B pm
Bonlta INewport May 15. » am Pler'ii
Samoa |Humbo!dt..... May 15. 10 am Pier H
Rainier ....fCap« Nome IMay 15. 2pmlPlerit
I>el Norte...; Oregon Ports. IMay 15. lOam'Pler^l
Ohio iCape Nome....jMy 13. 2:30 pmj Pier ">>
Luella '.Cap* Nome.. ..I May 15. 3 pm I Pier *
San Pedro.. 'Cape Nome.... IMay 15. llamlPlerM
Alameda ...'Australia May 16. 9 pmlPler 7
Queen IVIc & Put Sd.lMay 18. 11 amlpier 11
Santa RoaaJSan Dlfgo IMay 17. 11 am 'Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
San Juan Panama ..........May 13
State of Cat Portland May l>
Newburs Grays Harbor May 1">
Crescent Cltr... Crescent City May 1)
North Fork Humboldt May Id
Corona 9an Diego -. May 11
Pomona ........ Humboldt u ... ....... May 11
Tellus> (Oyster Harbor (May 11
Bristol Oyster Harbor ......IMay It
America Maru. China, and Japan -May )2
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 12
Orizaba IVaneouver -iMay 1J
Samoa fHumboldt IMay 12
Del Norte JOreKon Ports JMay 12
Bonlta (Newport !May IS
Grace Dollar.... JGuaymaa May M
l"nlvers* .Oyster Harbor............ May l-t
Wellington jOyster Harbor.™ May U
Columbia Oregon Ports May IS
Santa Rosa iSan Dlegro May 13
Pomona 'Humboldt {May K
Cooa Bay Newport |May 17
Arcata ICoos Bay !May 17
Walla Walla I Victoria & Puget SotmdlMay 17
Crescent Clty...lCreseent City IMay 17
Steamer.
I Destination.
Sails.
I Pier.
Coptic ]China& Japan May 11. 1 pn PMSS
Poos Bay... I Newport IMay 11. » am I Pier U
Empire |C»os Bay |May 11. 13 miPier 13
Santa Ana.. Seattle 'May 11. Wam'Pler 3
Coquille Rv Grays HarborjMay 12. 2 pm
Aloha Cape Nome.... May 12. S pmlPier S
Arcata Coos Bay May 12. 12 mipier 13
Octavia Europe .May 12. lOamjPler T
Crescent Cy Crescent City. | May 12. 3 pm|
State of Cal Portland May 13. 11 ami Pier 24
North ForlcjHumboldt May 13. 9 am Pier J
Corona ISan Dlero May 13. 11am Pier 11
Pomona IHumboIdt May 13. Z pm Pier 9
C. Nelson.. [Seattle May 13. 10 am ! Pier 3
Pt. Arena.JPolnt Arena.. May 14. 2 pm I Pier 3
Senator .... Cap* Nom#....|May 14, 11 am Pier 11
Newburg .. Grays HarbcrMay 14, B pm
Bonlta INewport May 15. » am Pler'ii
Samoa |Humbo!dt..... May 15. 10 am Pier H
Rainier ....fCap« Nome IMay 15. 2pmlPlerit
I>el Norte...; Oregon Ports. IMay 15. lOam'Pler^l
Ohio iCape Nome....jMy 13. 2:30 pmj Pier ">>
Luella '.Cap* Nome.. ..I May 15. 3 pm I Pier *
San Pedro.. 'Cape Nome.... IMay 15. llamlPlerM
Alameda ...'Australia May 16. 9 pmlPler 7
Queen IVIc & Put Sd.lMay 18. 11 amlpier 11
Santa RoaaJSan Dlfgo IMay 17. 11 am 'Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
San Juan Panama ..........May 13
State of Cat Portland May l>
Newburs Grays Harbor May 1">
Crescent Cltr... Crescent City May 1)
North Fork Humboldt May Id
Corona 9an Diego -. May 11
Pomona ........ Humboldt u ... ....... May 11
Tellus> (Oyster Harbor (May 11
Bristol Oyster Harbor ......IMay It
America Maru. China, and Japan -May )2
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 12
Orizaba IVaneouver -iMay 1J
Samoa fHumboldt IMay 12
Del Norte JOreKon Ports JMay 12
Bonlta (Newport !May IS
Grace Dollar.... JGuaymaa May M
l"nlvers* .Oyster Harbor............ May l-t
Wellington jOyster Harbor.™ May U
Columbia Oregon Ports May IS
Santa Rosa iSan Dlegro May 13
Pomona 'Humboldt {May K
Cooa Bay Newport |May 17
Arcata ICoos Bay !May 17
Walla Walla I Victoria & Puget SotmdlMay 17
Crescent Clty...lCreseent City IMay 17
AUCTION SALES
HORSE AUCTION SALE
ELECTRIC LIGHT!
Over CO H»ail of Hamlxom*. Young. Well-
bred and Well-broken Horn**, suitable for
liv-ry. draft ami t>ualn*ss purpose*. Not a
"has been" !n th» bunch. B»v»ral v?rr choice
• "arrlace Hordes an«l Well-matchc! Carr1ag»
I Teams, be«W!»s (torn* vry fa.«t »nrt stylish
Trotters. Pacrrs »n<l BaMI" ll-.rw among
¦ them. Thfiear* ai: lit th* >-3fd now.
tfal« Tnk'-s p:ac» at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
- ."; 721-723 Howard «t.. tf»3f Th!r1.
FRIDAY KVK.VI.VO WAT II. 1300
At ' (ftloik rhurtt-
WM. (i. LATNO, A:K'i.n-er.
Don't Forget' lr. Attend Tfti* ?*?»
** AUCTION SALeIf^
maii-cLA8§ ifACK.vr.y.^, r^Afrf, cah
RIAOK. IIOAI; AST' 9AtfG\A BOKJtSS
A'.I tboroushl-y XffM* f> (\t\v* irtr>«{l«. d.-'ir-:"
tandem arui f<vi»-ln-»n»n/J. >r»?tt fln* fc!V % <" •
tlon. Also to ri'1» (uvj Jtj(t». T^« frto«T t)4 :!>•»-
we!j known wlt>i tM* ftorlJrurarr!* HttM »
*om» of th»m Mo* r'.r.rsr* winn»r* st l.»i«t h<v»-»
show.
Aluo the th«rinzhfcr»'1 <>?*::rr>r« f\f;-. r.AT.*'.-
I3T. Th» prv>»rt7 fit Jn<9 r>TER, 5A.V JfA-
teo: ji:t*ir. « k. ry»r:r,fr«RTY. ?an'Tji-
HOSA; FT :t.TOX O. nKRRT E5<#.. FRSSN'cS.
ana c^i»rs.
T-> Si s<-.M on-
TUE3r>A7, MAT tfth. 1**.
AT I V. IK., AT
SALE3TAP.D. 1731 MAR^STT ST.. CORX^R
VAX NESS AV?,.
CilASTS, A >TKMMn>TTTAtf ft
I^»«i»?.v'* Auctionw»r»
H>-rs#» can b* i*»n a: yad yrM.iv, May It.
CataJoa'a'" now r*a*7.
fe £& 2*
AUCTION SALE!
SATURDAY 3t*7 12»
At 11 o'elor* «. ib.. Mt
n. BRAN'nKV'rrE.ro A er>'».
NEW MO.VTOOlfE.fiT AMD ifXSXZO?*
¦vTe Will S»ll ty Or-Urt o* XZ.* Saa:i*r7 CoU-tct-
!SS Cn. w
35 I>r%ft mr.i Wilxin ll.irsea.
n Double Carti.
5 Rarta Cart*
1 ninrJ* waarin.
17 Douhl* H*t if*r=*»*.
Everythtas lr» f.rti-^lmtm nr3*r *sA Tsntd c«
sold to th» h!#h<»st bs*-l«r on aecoas: ot r*zlr-
Inz from ba«tn»*».
AUCTION SALE
Oi 49 HEAD Or HORSES f«nltafe> ftir tC par-
poses), ten head ot wei; broken Sarfdie Ho-w.
a!s-> a namber of Ma!« N. H. A- MASON".
owner. Sale r>r,s!:ive and r.o r»ierve. To t«
fold on SATURDAY. May 12. WO. a: 15 a. a..
at Wainat CreeSc. Contra Ccsta County. An op-
portunity to purchase Rood hrsrse* at year owl
price. »
EMIL COHN. Auctioneer,
Will sell TO-DAY at 23 East ft. at I o'c!o<ri
p. m., saloon and bar fixtures, consplet* stock
of llauora etc. Ev«rythfngr must b« sold, 2
p. m. EMIL COHN. Auctioneer.Snapshots Taken at Schuetzen Park.
One of the First "Benefits" of the
HAWAII'S INDEBTEDNESS.
Island's Annexation.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— A meeting of
the Foreign Relations Committee of the
Senate was held to-day, at which was
discussed the proposition to take up the
Indebtedness of Hawaii as assumed by
the United States when the resolution an
nexing Hawaii to this country was adopt
ed. Secretary Gage explained the neces
sity for additional authority before he
could take action to wipe out the indebt
edness.
The resolution of annexation provided
for the taking up of, bonds and other in
debtedness to the amount of $4,000,000. but
It has been developed that the full amount
of the Indebtedness is approximately J4,-
COO .000, including the liabilities of the Ha
waiian Postal Savings Bank. A bill was
drawn authorizing the Secretary to tako
up this indebtedness and the committee
to-day authorized a favorable report : to
be made on it.
Want Women Copyists Appointed.
A communication was sent yesterday by
the Woman's Franchise Association to Re
corder Godchaux and County Clerk Deano
asking those officials to cease discrimin
ating against the appointment of women
in their offices and to reconsider their de
termination to appoint only male .'copy
ists.
Bunker Hill Celebration.
Representative*) of. the Vermont Asso
ciation, the Pioneers, Sons of the Revolu
tion and the Bunker Hill Association met
last night at Pioneer Hail to arrange for
the Bunker Hill celebration, which will
be held on Saturday. June 16, the day of
the anniversary of the battle falling this
year on a Sunday.
It was decided to hold the celebration
at Glen wood, in the Santa Gruz Moun
tains. Two special trains will be run. one
at 7:45 and the other at 8:45, to accommo
date the excursionists. Committees on
literary exercises, music, printing and
finance were also, appointed. The next
meeting will be held on Thursday, May
17, at Pioneer Hall,
It was a firemen's farewell that followed
ex-Fire Commissioner Edwards to his
prave. Veteran firemen, exempt firemen
and a company of men from the depart
ment as It is to-day Joined the procession,
filled Emanuel Baptist Church and bowed
their heads in sorrow as the body of their
old friend was borne past them. These,
with a lance number of the dead man's
friends, made up the crowd that gathered
round 61s bier and filed past the casket
to take a last look at his face.
Before the body was borne into the
church the noral pieces pent by the fire
men were taken in and grouped upon the
platform. There were a great many of
them; bo many, in fact, that there was
not space for all, and so a magnificent urn
of white sweet peas and crowned' with a
spreading bunch of St. Joseph's lilies was
left at the church door.
The services were conducted by Rev. J.
George Gibson, pastor of Kmanuel Church,
assisted by Rev. W. D. Uugan, who was>
an old friend of the family. Mr. Dugan.
led the prayer and Mr. Gibson said a few
words of praise of the character of tho
deceased; there were Bomehymns in which
the congregation joined, and that was all.
The friends took a last look at the face
they had loved so well and then the casket
was borne to the Masonic Cemetery,
where It was interred.
The pallbeaiers were: Georpe S. Bohen,
James Marshal, John E. Mason, Colin M.
Boyd, Martin Kelly. R. H. Jones. Fred
erick Fleming-. James Letroadle and
James B. Brown.
PAID LAST TRIBUTES
TO AN OLD FRIEND
Winter's Postmastership.
Special DiFpatch to The Call.
"WOODLAND, May 9.— The appointment
of a Postmaster for Winters may be ex
pected any day. The term of Mrs. Brice
has already expired, and i Congressman
Metcalf's indorsement of F. H. Owens,
editor of the Express, is now on the way
to Washington. Several Republicans filed
a protest, but it is said that Mr. Metcah
wholly disregarded it. •
Delegates to Grand Parlor.
Epecial .. Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, May 9.— Miss Lulu Shel
ton and Mrs. Ed E. Leake have been elect
ed delegates to the Grand Parlor, which
meets in Jackson, Amador County, on the
second Tuesday ; In June, to represent
AToodland Parlor No. 90, Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West. The alternates
are Miss Mao Cummins and Mrs. Z. A.
Fenner. " ' - _ - ¦ ¦ ¦
Ships for Naval Militia.
SACRAMENTO. May 9.— Adjutant Gen
eral Seamans has received a communica
tion from the Secretary of the Navy ten
dering the use of the United States gun
boats Concord and Bennington for the use
of the , naval* militia of the State. Each
gunboat can ¦ accommodate 76 men. Gen
eral Seamana will consult Governor Gage,
with the probability that the offer of the
Secretary of the Navy will be acceoted.;
Enteitaiument Under Auspices of
Young Men's Institute to Help
a Woi thy Cause.
A fine entertainment was given for the
benefit of St. Joseph's Deaf Mute Home,
Oakland, at Metropolitan ' Temple last
night. A large audience was present and
the proceeds will go far to aid the lauda
ble work of a worthy institution. The
performance was under the auspices of
the Young Men's Institute, many mem
bers of which labored hard for Its suc
cess. Prominent among the features pre
sented was the part taken by the deaf
muto children In action exercises and sign
language.
Introductory remarks were made by
Very Rev. J. J. Prendergast, V. G., who
gave a brief history of the establishment
of the Institution.
"It was at the invitation of Archbishop
Rlordan," said Father Prendergast, "that
the sisters of St. Joseph came from St.
Louis to found the only Catholic institu
tion of its kind west of the Rockies. The
home has grown to its present propor
tions from a residence bequeathed by a
charitable woman for the purpose and
now there are thirty-five unfortunate
children who lack the Benses 'of speaking
and of hearing."
Father .Prendergast made an earnest
appeal for the charitable movement,
which, he said, was entitled to every con
sideration.
"The Leper's Prayer" was Interpreted
by Miss B. Durkee, and Mercedes An
titrade expressed the recitation in the sign
language. "Santa Claus" was similarly
rendered by A. Georgle. The junior class
gave an exhibition of school work by
signs and answered questions in various
studies. "Nearer, My God. to Thee," sung
by L. Lobe, was expressed In signs by
Marguerite Galloup. The "Star Spangled
Banner" was sung by L. Lobe and the
lips of the singer were read by Miss Hat
tie Hensley. "School Work" by the se
nior class proved highly interesting.
An Introduced specialty by Miss Erma
Valrvllle was exceptionally well done and
earned an encore. The rest of the pro
gramme follows:
"The Rule of Life," Miss Vlbiana Mc-
Kay: "'A Dream" and "Take Me, Jamie
Dear," Miss Daisy Keane, Miss M. Kava
naugh, accompanist; cornet solo, W. H
Rice Jr., Miss Sadie Rice, accompanist:
specialties. "VV. J. Hynes.
FOR THE BENEFIT OF
DEAF MUTE CHILDREN
lotte Kemberker second, I/llie Wills third.
Hoys' race, from S to 12— Sylvester O'Brien
first, Joseph Murphy second, Ed Furlong third.
Girls' race, t to 12— Hazel Hanjess first, Lizzie
Hlrom second. Soohie Hoch third.
Boot and shoe race, for boys — John Laffmann
first. C. Campbell second, Jamfs O'Brien third,
R. O'Xeill fourth.
Young ladies' race— MIfs Smith first, Mattie
William second. Katie Robinson third.
Men's race— Joe Sullivan first. Robert Jack
son second. Frank Stark third.
Girls' race, under 15 — Gertrude Banks first,
K. Robinson second. B. Dwyer third.
Three-legKed race for retail grocers— Ed
Btnder and H. Plass first, William Sohl and
H. Elmers second, John Crowe and Fred Weber
third. John Kern and Fred Bray fourth.
Married ladles' race— Mrs. H. K. Kelly first,
Mrs. Williams second. Mrs. Shay third.
Contrary race for retail grocers — A. W.
Schroedt-r first, R. J. Ekibington second. Jack
Schelhins third.
Mule race, for city ealesmen— Con Graw and
Joseph Handman first. H. H. rxig-es and Henry
Huckfeldt seennd, N. KuRtenmeyer and W.
Kartelson third. • •
Race for members of committee of arranKe
ments — C. U. Powers first. John King second.
Con Graw third, Hardman fourth. William
Kins fifth.
Tur of war, married men's team, captained
by Joseph H. . Robinson, defeated single men's
team, cartalned hy Henry Elmers.
Guessing contest— S&05 beans in the Jar— Miss
Belle Walter, 1120 Church street, first; Dora
Uaker, 1522 Ellis street, second; Mrs. Kirkpat
rlck. third; Miss G. Go<Iet. R4<>^ Folsom street,
fourth; Miss Murphy, 761 Jeflerson street Oak
land, fifth; Mrs. Bank. 12f>H Flllmore street,
sixth; MIm D. Duffy, 513 Hyde street, seventh;
MUs H s Treiber. 5 Capp street, eighth; Miss
Pheohan. ISM Mission street, ninth; Miss A.
Kaiser, 1T13 Mission street, tenth.
SCHL'ETZEN Park, at San Rafael,
was a scene of gayety and alive
with color yesterday on the occa
sion of the twenty-ninth annual
picnic and reunion of the Retail Grocers'
Association. Fully 3000 people filled the
picturesque grounds during the day. They
came on three double-section trains, with
lunch baskets filled with good things.
There was not a hitch in the interesting
programme of games and not an incident
occurred to mar the pleasures of the day.
As usual with a week-day outing, the
rough element was conspicuous by its ab
sence. Efficient committees worked ener
getically to make every one contented and
happy, and in this they were successful.
Von der Mehden's brass band played en
livening music in the big pavilion and
throughout the day it was crowded with
dancers. The games, target shooting,
bowling, guessing contests and numerous
other pastimes were patronized ' by all
present. Prizes to the number of 627 were
distributed. The children were given
enough candy to start a small-sized store.
The races 'were highly exciting and
aroused loud applause. Every kind of a
race, from a fat man's event to a run
backward, was on the card. There was
a tug-of-war between the married and
single men. and as usual the benedicts
were victorious. The prize winners in the
various events are as follows:
Boys' race, under 8 years — Charles King first,
Fred S^telken second. Alex King third.
Girls' race, under S— Laura Curley first, Char-
LEGALITY OF THE BOND
ELECTIONS QUESTIONED
A suit, the second of a series, to test
the legality of the bond elections was
fll?d yesterday. Felix McHugh, through
his attorneys. Xf. T. Baggett. Arthur H.
BareT!<5t and Charles E. Najior. asks for
a writ of injunction tc restrain further
action by the Mayor and Board of Su
pervisors toward issuing bonds under the
authority of the recent elections.
In a former suit the legality of the
«-:ect!on for the issuance of bonds for the
ranhandle extension arid purchase of Mis
sion Park lands was questioned. The suit
fiif-d yesterday is directed against the
bonds to be Issued for the construction of
a sewer system, seventeen school houses
and a new City and County Hospital.
In his petition for a writ of injunction
McHuph aileg-es that the issuance and
sale ot the bonds In question wili cause
him irreparable Injury: that a lien will
thereby bo created upon his property, and
notwithstanding the Illegality of the pro
ceedings for the issuance of the bonds a
c!oud will bf cast upon the-' title to his
property and the Board of Supervisors
will levy and collect anuaJly a tax upon
his property for the purpose of paying the
bone? and interest thereon.
In conclusion he prays that the board
may be perpetually enjoined from taking
any further action toward Incurring the
indebtednes complained of.
WANT MORE MONEY FOR
PUBLIC IMPROVEMENTS
A committee of tho Mission Federated
Hubs waited on the Mayor yesterday for
the purpose of enlisting the sympathies of
th<= chief executive for an increased ap
propriation for public Improvements. The
committee consisted of R. A. Daniels, J.
Vv - , Thorp, W. J. Xixon. Gustave Schrfee
and A. F. I^illle. Represpntations were
mail*' that the «-ity was in urgent need
Of more Fchoolhousts and other Improve
ments. Request was made that at least
$4 rt.dOO be provldrd. and the committee
«-xpressr-d itself in favor of raising the
lax levy lu cents for the purpose The
municipal lighting system was indorsed
and the attention of the Mayor was called
to the extravagance of the Board of
\\ orks In maintaining two fully equipped
office* without any definite results. It
wrb alleged that. th«> streets were not be
ins: properly insp*^tfd. and that the car
tracks in the Mission wer* far above the
l^vei of the streets. The Mayor promised
to five the matter the fullest considera
tion.
The following delegates have been
named by Golden Gate Branch No. 212,
National Association of Letter Carriers,
to attend the eleventh annual convention
rif the organization In Detroit from Sep
tember 2 to 9: James H. Smith. R. H
llors*. James C. Murphy, L. E. Boivin,
Of-orge W. Bpiller. Conrad Trieber. Prank
B. Newlon, L. Straeser. L. F. Russell and
li. F. Ames Jr. The annual picnic for the
l.^nefit of the eick fund will be held on
July l at California Schuetzen Park.
Letter Carriers' Delegates.
Business Transacted at the Subsidi
ary High Court of the Ancient
Order of Foresters.
At the morning session of the Subsidiary
High Court of the Ancient Order of For
esters yesterday a resolution having for
its purpose the taking away from the
committee on laws of the power of chang
ing the intent of any amendments offered
bv any court was adopted.
*A great deal of time was taken up in
the discussion of the proposition to cre
ate a general relief fund intended to as
sist courts and members in distress. After
discussion it was discovered that the plan
was too cumbersome, so the whole mat
ter was recommitted in order that the
plan be prppared to meet the numerous
objections that were presented.
H. Beaver. C. E. Hallie. W. A. Claus
and "\V. F. Jones, appointed at the pre
vious session of the Subsidiary High
Court to revise and amend the general
laws, presented a report, which, after a
prolonged discussion, was rejected on the
ground that amendments to the laws
must come from subordinate courts and
not from any committee.
A great portion of the afternoon was ae
voted to the written and the unwritten
work of the order. ,
It is possible that the election will be
held this afternoon, that is. if the propo
sition to create a fund for the purpose of
extending the work of the order does not
provoke too long a discussion. If that
should be the case, the election will be
held on Friday.
It is proposed that the delegates shall
to-morrow enjoy a boat ride along the
water front and possibly as far as v a-
Uu.t evening there was a grand ball in
the Mechanics' Pavilion, which was taste
fully decorated. Ther* were several thou
sand people in attendance.
GENERAL RELIEF PLAN
WAS TOO CUMBERSOME
LIMA, Peru, May 9.— It is asserted in
quarters usually well informed that Chile,
in concurrence with Bolivia, will declare
Araca. province of Tarapaca. a free port.
This would prove to be an event of the
greatest importance In case of the con
struction of an interoceanic canal. '
Araca to Be a Free Port.
PETALUMA. May 9.— Tho residence of
Mrs. C. Anderson on Seventh street was
totally destroyed by fire to-day and most
of the furniture was burned. , The loss is
JGOO and there was no Insurance. The
Droperty waa the home of a widow with
five children and much sympathy Is felt
for her.
Fire at Petaluma.
Special Dispatch to The Call
ANGELS CAMP. May 9.— Judge Carley.
apioneer. died at his home at French
Gulch yecterday morning. He was well
known throughout this county, where he
lived in early days. Deceased was a
nromlnent Mason and will be buried un
der the auspices of that order. He was
y years of age and leaves a wife and sev
eral children.
Death of Jud^e Carley.
SACRAMENTO. May 9.— Benjamin Wil
son, a native of .England. aj?<'d £2 years.
Is dead In this city. Although compara
tively unknown here, he was a remarka
ble character and was the author or a
translation of the New Testament, made
from the original Greek translations in
the Vatican, access to which he had been
eiven by the Pope. He lost his fortune
In this work and was obll^pd to surrender
h!s copyright to the New York firm
which now controls It. His translation
was designed to correct what he claimed
was false in the King James edition of
the Bible. > .
Death of Benjamin Wilson.
Press target shooting— Fred Krueger, Retail
Grocers' Advocate, first; Louis I>evy, The
Call, seconi; A. H. Powers third.
Wholesalers' target ahootlns— A. D. Newell
first. H. Oulttard second.
City salesmen's target shooting— K. M. Don
nelly first. G. Bolsdort second, P. J. Kennedy
third. C. \\;. L'nti fourth.
Hone rattling by clerks— R, R. Rlely first,
Charles KUite second. Otto Rlecker third.
Prize drawing— P. A. Buckley first. H.
"VVarnke second. Joe Abrahams third. Mr.
Moyer fourth. John O'Connor fifth. Joe Witt
sixth, Thomas Cornan seventh, H. H. Deppe
eighth, C. Robshem ninth, J. F. Meinert tenth.
Alec Irvine eleventh, William C. Fisher
twelfth. C. Tiedman thirteenth, George Dan
neniark fourteenth. H. G. Lackman fifteenth.
r>. Hughes sixteenth. Mat Twiney seventeenth.
The other winners in their order were: H.
RawiJ. E. I. Flelger, J. J. Moran, Will Ring,
John E. A. Helm*. A. B. Knox, A. William
Schroeder. J. H. Harje, George Alpers. H. H.
Arnold. Martin Eggers. Julius CalBtensen. C.
Helnseke, N. Solomon and C. Peterson.
Bowling — William Glinderman first, Herman
W'arnke second. B. Cordes third, II. SchroeiW
fourth. J. Helhtman fifth. O. Smith sixth, J.
Oleken seventh, II. Helneke eighth. Most
"nines." Glinderman; most "poodles," H.
Warnke.
The success of the reunion was due to
the efforts of the following committees:
Arrangements — George Alprs (chairman),
John M. Sullivan. Joseph A. Stulz, Eugene Mc-
Coy, John E. A. Helms, J. H. Robinson Daniel
F. Keefe. J. J. Mehegan, H. B. Arnold. Thomas
H. Corcoran. Henry Rawe H. G. Lackmann,
J. Salomon, II. Muller, A. Watklns, Henry El
mers. Herman Warnke, J. J. Crowe J J
Hayes, Claus Wretlen, E. I. Fleleer. Alex
Irvine. George Odder. M. M. Twomey J W
King, J. C. Nobmam.
SKELETON OF KERR
IS FOUND AT LAST
couver Park Over a Year
Blew Himself to Pieces in Van-
VANCOUVER. B. C. May 9.— The dis
covery of a shattered skeleton with
broken legs in Vancouver's park has un
earthed the secret of a shocking suicide
of a year ago. In April, 1S99. Harry Kerr.
an Englishman, was drilling and blasting
rock at English Bay. a bathing resort,
close to the park. He was very despond
ent owing to his having contracted an in
curable disease, and said several times
that he would kill himself.
He was sent one day to this city for
blasting powder and was never seen
again. His clothing was identified to-day
by his former chums, Chris Miller and
J. Bell. The position of the remains Indi
cates beyond doubt that Kerr sat on the
blasting powder and ignited it. The
trunk was In one place and the broken
legs and hips two paces away. The dis
covery was made by a young lady who
was picking ferns in an unfrequented
part of the park.
OF INTEBEST TO THE COAST.
Bills Introduced by California Dele
gates in the House.
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
WASHINGTON, May 9.— Pensions for
Californians: Original— George S. Oliver.
San Francisco, J6;. Charles Interman, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, JS. Addi
tional—Shirley A. Johnson. San Francis
co, $10. Increase— Thomas Spence, San
Francisco. $10: John Larkin. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $10; Stephen D. Stew
art, Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles, $12;
William H. Swaney. San Francisco, $10;
William P. Tucker. Los Angeles, $S;
Alonzo Van Evera, Soldiers' Home, L03
Angeles, $10.
Washington: Increase-^Henry S. Lee,
Spokane, $S: George L. Coffin. Hazard. $10.
Oregon: Original— Joseph M. Stewart,
Salem, $S. \i - M , _
Postmasters appointed: California— vv .
W. Waite, West Branch. Butte County,
vice L. E. Day, resigned.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
approved the application of the following
persons to organize the First National
Bank of Long Beach, Cal., capital $25,000:
James F. Heartwell. High Grove. Cal.; A.
G. Kendall, II. H. Ham, A. K. Johnson
and W. W. Wilcox.
Representative Kahn has introduced
bills increasing the pensions of Mrs. Ro
salia HackmPlar and Sabrina L. Babbatt
to $20 monthly.
Representative de Vries to-day intro
duced bills providing for United States
Circuit and District courts of the North
ern District of California at Sacramento
on the third Monday in January and Oc
tober, in addition to the present sittings
at San Francisco.
Representative Loud to-day secured the
appointment of Mathew de la Montanya
as special agent of rural free delivery ser
vice, with headquarters at San Francisco.
HERBXNGTON DISMISSED.
Evidence Insufficient to Convict Him
of Complicity in Kidnaping Case.
SAN JOSE, May 9.— Bert Herrington,
the attorney, underwent a preliminary ex
amination at Mayfield to-day on a charge
of kidnaping growing out of the Palo
Alto case. Miss Cameron gave her testi
mony as to Herrington's part in the ab
duction of Kim Quey. but Deputy Con
stable Harris and Justice Dyer refused
to testify on the ground that they might
criminate themselves. The evidence being
deemed insufficient the District Attorney
moved a dismissal, which was granted.
Drowned at La Jolla.
SAN DIEGO, May 9.— Miss Lily Virginia
McKenzle, who came to this city from
Chicago recently with hfr brother, George
McKenzie, was drowned at La Jolla. a
pleasure ' resort near this city, to-day.
Miss McKenzle. her brother and several
other members of an excursion party were
exploring one of the caves when Mrs. P.
Peterson, one of the company, fell into
the ocean. Her companions with difficulty
pulled her out. Just as they did so a big
wave swept the party into the water.
Some fishermen came to their rescue and
all were taken out. Miss McKenzie. how
ever, wa9 dead. »^
Accidentally Shot.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WOODLAND, May 9.— H. S. Taylor, who
has been a resident in the hills west of
Guinda In Capay Valley for many years,
met with a painful accident on Tuesday.
While out hunting squirrels his gun was
discharged by being accidentally dropped.
The charge entered the right leg above
the knee, inflicting a ragged and painful
wound. '—^ -
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
111S B/oadway, May 9.
death staring them in the face,
Oarr,.;: v.. Bangs and Bonnifleld Bow
inaa, prominent young students at the
ivertity of California, were rescued
Ircin drowning this afternoon after cling
ing with desperation for two hours to the
keel of a capsized skiff in which they had
been sailing.
While eff Jong wharf a squall struck
the little craft and before the young boat
mea could ease the sheet the skiff was
tverturr.ed. The occupants were thrown
Into the bay and were nearly drowned be
fore they could scramble out from under
the capsiztd boat. The skiff was tacking
toward the wharf when the sudden gust
etruck It and the pier was 100 yards away
•when the upset came. The two students
were badly hampered by their clothing,
and after floundering about for fifteen
minutes Bangs managed to climb up on
the keel and get a hand hold so as to be
able to assist his less fortunate comrade.
The tide was ebbing and the upset boat,
with the youth* clinging- to it. was drift
ing rapidly out of reach. Although there
were & number of vessels at the wharf
and scores of men working thereabouts,
none saw the students' plight or heard
their cries until two hours of drifting
and clinging had bo -wearied them that
both boys were about ready to let go and
drown.
At last Hugh McLaughlln and Charles
Stultz, longshoremen, happened to see
the struggling youths In the wator, and
w<?r.t to the rescue with all speed. Low
trine a boat from a vessel at the dork
the men pulled quickly out to the over
turned ski!t and after dragging the boys
Into their bqs.t made fast the capsized
craft and hauled it to the wharf. Both
Bangs and Bowman were so weak and
worn out from the exposure and struggle
egainpt d^ath that they collapsed when
they were taken ashore. They were as
sisted to The engine room at the pier and
th*r* they were revived.
Ranps and Bowman live at 2501 Dana
street. They left home early in the after
noon and got the skin* from the I'niver
eity of California boathouse on Sessions
basin, wher.c they left for the sail that
prided so disastrously. Bangs ls« a junior
ars-i Bowman is a pophnmore. They had
finished their examinations to-day and
had started out to rnjoy an outing.
Bar.grs was suffering considerably from
the shook to-night. Mis companion was
much wntre and had to be placed under
the care of a physician.
Dangerous Plight of Two
Y-oung Students on
the Bay.
CLING FOR TWO
HOURS TO THEIR
CAPSIZED SKIFF
BERKELET, May 9.— A geology party,
consisting of Professor J. C. Merriman.
Vance C. Osmont, James C. Sperry, H.
W. Furlong and W. J. Sinclair, of tho
University of California, left this morn
ing for Oregon. It is the purpose of the
expedition, together with the,lr regular
college work, to explore and jrather fos
sils from the famous John Day fields.
These exhibits will be given to the
palaeontological museum.
The trip will be notable because of the
vast amount of practically unknown coun
try to be explored. From the Dalles, in
the northern part of Oregon, the expedi
tion will travel on horseback over a thou
sand miles of unexplored country. They
will penetrate the lilue Mountains and go
to the headwaters of the Crooked River.
An agent of the University of Munich
will accompany the expedition for collec
tions desired by Professor von Zlttel, the
eminent palaeontologist.
*Kach year the University of California
sends out an expedition to explore some of
the unknown fruitful regions of the Pa
cific Coast for specimens for the museum.
The students are required to do a certain
amount of personal research in the nat
ural sciences courses each year. I'sually
those most distinguished in their special
ties are taken along. The trips are full
of hardships and often hazardous. Moun
tain clefts, usually fruitful of specimens,
are searched for collections.
Will Gather Fossils in the
Famous John Day
Country.
STUDENTS LEAVE
ON EXPLORATION
TRIP TO OREGON
TUE SAS JbKAJSClSCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900.
RETAIL GROCERS BANISHED
DULL CARE AND MADE MERRY
Ago.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And...
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located In tbe midst of irrand and !mpr«s«rv«
mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Crars for a
background.
FIXE HUNTING AXD FI3H1NO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and service and reason-
able rats*.
RAILROAD FARE, round trip. Including
sleeper both ways. 914.
For rates, terms and other Information ad-
dress: E. B. P IX LEY. Manager.
Care Pacific Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
FAMOUS
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
Th» waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Goct. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
Kla. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottages. ¦ renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Majrntscent
scenery, delightful walks. Hnntlng and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest and
recreation. Rates. J!2 to H4 per week. Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. 8. F., 9 a.
m. and 1:45 p. m. dally. Carriage* at Gllroy
fcr springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
34 Hours' Rid* From Los Angeles. CaL
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS TX THB WKST.
Second Annual Rod and Reel FUhLnc Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COTJNTRT CLCB.
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and Illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGB W. THOMPSON.
(31 Market st-. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO.."
223 South Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cat.
QI^ArrC H0T SPRINGS. SONOMA
OIXHUUO County: only ihi hours
from San Francisco and but nine miles of
etaglng: waters noted for medicinal virtue*:
be*t natural bath In State: grand mountain
scenery: good trout streams at door: telephone,
telegraph; dally mall and express: FTRST-
CLAS3 HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
morning and afternoon stages; round trip front
Ban Francisco only $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry
at 7:J0 a. m. or J:30 p. m. Terms. J2 a day or
J13 a week. References— Any guest of the past
five years; patronage ronstanttr increasing.
J. F. MITLGREW. Proprietor.
The Place for Rest and Health,
Orchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA KE-
vada. near Colfax. on the C. P. R. R. Plain.
quiet retreat; finest scenery, water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate In CoJ*
lfornla;. Ideal grounds and surroundings; on
railroad. 136 miles from San Francisco: tS a
week: open all year; send for booklet. Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Park. Cal.
MARK WEST
II VW SPRINGS
OPENS MAT bt! Round Trip. 8 73. Send for
circulars. FREESE ft JUERGEN3EN.
Proprietors. City offlce. 318 Larkin street.
GLENVVOOD HOTEL,
Among the redwoods, Santa Crus Mountains; %
minutes' walk from depot: cream, fruit, poul-
try; chalybeate springs, swimming tank, amuse.
> ment ball; acetylene gas. Round trip. |3 59; IS
to 110 per week; free carriage. WM. MARTIN.
Glenwood. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive place In Lake County U»
spend your vacation. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, livery, new walks, etc. write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD.
- Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal.
« vrOt-ITlI 1 L. Francisco, via the Big
Oak Flat route. Stages leave Chinese Station
on line Sierra R. R. dally. Round trip from
San Francisco $32. For further information call
or address WM. J. WHITE. General Agent,
630 Market St.. S. F.; telephone Main HS2.
Yi c ' TOCALOMA, ."8?
BSRTRAND HOTEL— Firs t-class accommo-
dation*; reasonable rates; for famllea and par-
ties: fishing, bathing, beatutiful drives to Bear
Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRA.N'D or PmhTa
shoe store. S24 Kearny St.. 9. F.
HOITT'S MENLO rARK.
The beautiful grounds and new buildings at
Holtt's School will open to guests during Juna
; and July; good accommodations, excellent table,
reasonable prices. Address IRA G. HOITT.
SANTA CRUZ Mountain*— A quiet ranch. flr«
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful summer
home In redwoods; running water; abundance
fruit: good table; terms tt 50 week. Andrew
W. CRANDELL. Santa Ctot. CaL
@3l ELEGTRIC
5Lj£s THIS BELT IS WAJU
/n*» ranted to be the latest Im-
proved, most powerful and
In all respects the best now manufactured la
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer show* Its electric current to
be double that of any other. Easily regulated.
Durably insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire suspensory for men. It will cure
any disease on earth that It is poeslble to cure
with electricity. »nd It cures when others fall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Plerce's."
"Booklet No. 2." free at office or sent by man
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about It. Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
62O Market Street.
(Opp. Palace Hotel). SAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Office— New York City.
lEEljTcALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
Cures Blood Poison
A Trial Treatment Sent Free to All
Who Suffer From Any Stage
of the Diseas3.
All Other Treatments Failed
to Even Help.
Cures Cases That Hot Springs and
There has been j discovered by the State
Medical Institute, 203 .Electron building. Fort
Wayne, Ind., the mostMremarkable Blood Poison
cure ever heard of. ,, It .has cured all such in-
dications as mucous . patches in the mouth,
sore throat, copper colored spots, chancres,
Ulcerations on the ' body and In hundreds of
cases where the hair and eyebrows had fallen
out and the whole § kin was a mats of boils,
pimples and ulcer* this wonderful i pacific has
completely '¦ changed th«j whole body into a
clean, perfect condition* of ' physical lealth.
Even' railroad running Into Fort Wayne brines
scores of eufterers seeking. this new and marvel-
ous cure and to enable those wio cennot trawl
to realize what a truly marveiau* work tbe In-
stitute Is accomplishing they will send free to
every sufferer a free trial > treatment > so that
every one can • cure themselves in the privacy
of their own home. This Is the 'oily known
cure » for Blood - Poison. ¦¦¦ Do not -„• nesitate to
write at 'once and the free trial will be sent
.»oi»y< ia uiain Dacluure.' . - '
GRAPE-NUTS.
Starchy food is absolutely essential to
the bnrasa body. Its best form is
shown in the food "Grape-Nuts." where
the starch is changed into grape sugar
during the process of its manufacture.
In this way the required food is present-
ed to The system in a predigested form
and is immediately made into blood and
tissue, without taxing the digestive or-
gans.
A remarkable re«ult in nourishment is
gained; the person using Grape-Nuts
gains quickly in physical and mental
strength. Why in mental? Because the
food contains delicate particles of Phos-
phate of Potash obtained from the
grains. This unites with the albumen
of all food and the combination is what
nature uses to rebuild wornout cells in
the brain. This is a scientific fact that
can be easily proven by ten days' use of
Grape-Nuts. - Never eat beyond three
or four heaping teaspoonfuls at a meal.
On the other hand, too j?reat con-
sumption of partly cooked, starchy oats
and wheat, or bread, pastry, etc.. pro-
duces i-erious bowel troubles, because
the bowel digestive organs (where
starch should be digested) are overtaxed
and the food ferments, producing j?ast
and ir.krobes generate in the decayed
food, frequently bringing on peritonitis
and appendicitis.
The arguments on food are interest-
ing. Many persons adopt a vegetarian
diet on the ground that they do not like
to feel that life has been taken to feed
them, nor do they fancy the thought of
eating dead meat.
Persons.
A Question of Interest to All Careful
MEAT OR CEREALS.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, CarIs K r °iL
Montersy County. Cal. — For health, rest^
climate that cannot be equaled; up-to-dalo
accommodations; beautiful scenery; profusion
of flowers; hot soda, sulphur and electric
baths: swimming tank 30x60 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and fishing; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
danre hall: large hotel and 30 cottages, afford-
ing special accommodations for families: all
illuminated by ga?. By train. Third and Town-
send streets. San Francisco. 9 a. m. ; First and
Broadway. Oakland. 9:10 a. m. dally for Sole-
dad then by stage over beautiful level road 7
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets. J*. at 9.
P office. 613 Market street. Telephone and
noatofnee. For Illustrated pamphlets and fur-
ther information address E. L. PERRACLT.
M D proprietor and resident physician.
TfllUlAN
SOUTH BEN LOMOND. CAL.
OPENS MAY 15th under entirely new man-
agement. My personal attention will be paid
to the culsir.e and service, which will be sur-
passed by none. Full information at Traveler
offlce. 20 Montgomery '^^^
FREE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS
CAMP MEEKER^ M5
Redwoods of Sonoma Co.; Free Boating. Bath-
Ing Fishing and Hunting. Lots Bell from Jl'i
to JT5 Cottages built from J30 and upward.
Board and lodging J6 per week: unfurnished
rooms. Jl per week. Mrs. Locke. 3^3 OTarrell
st will take parties to inspect camp: rouna
trip tl 50. via Sausallto ferry, or address M. C.
MEEKER. Occidental.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Three miles from Ukiah. Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths: only
place in the world of this class of waters
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from springs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds: fishing an<l hunting; crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
Al "j. A. RKDEMETER ft CO.. Proprietors.
DR. C. C. O'DOXXEU'S BTOCBBAIi
SPIUNOS at Glen Ellen is the be»t camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. The
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
stomach complaints, rheumatism and catarrh In
the world; 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
and S. F. and N. P. R. R. give special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent 'heap. No fogs nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathing free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. CDONNT.LL. office 1021«4
Market St., bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this 13 the place to go.
Running water and gas
in every room at /
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
O. Martens: Prop.. Bachelor P. O..
Lake Co.. Cal. City offlce. 418 Pine
st. Dally stage from Ukiah— Tlbu-
ron ferry. 7:30 a. m.
CARLSBAD.SVrO:
Most beautiful spot in Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropsy, stomach, liver, kidney
and bladder affections. Accommodations tint
class: $10 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. M'GOVERN. Kelseyvllle, Lak» Co.
THE WELLESLEY,
California and Larkin Sta.." Fan Francisco.
Strictly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRT. Proprietress.
HOI FOR BLUE LAKES.
Will be opened, under new management. May
15. New hotel being built. Fishing, hunting,
boating and bathing. Address O. WEISMAN.
Laurel Dell P. O.. Lake County, Cal.
BEN LOMOND.
Large furnished hduse to let; 9 rooms, hit
and cold water: best location there. E.
BISHOP. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland.
THE GEYSERS, &™™
ONE OF NATURE'S WONDERS.
Natural steam baths, swimming, fishing,
hunting and livery. Writ* for pamphlet. L
WERTHEIMEB, Manager. ¦¦ -
PLANTATION HDUSE— SSEK, 1 ? 0 "
stage line. Good trout . fishing: plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J. LUTTRINGER, Seaview. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
ply MR. KRUSE, 207 Front St.. for particulars.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. SSSSHS
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages of a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped sanitarium. Carriage meets all
trains at St- Heleca. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena. CaL
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW^ MANAGEMENT.
X. DOLLMANN. Napa Soda Springs P. Q.
MflVTP VKT i;OPEN max 1st:' tons of
JllUil It V13IA fruit: h«lD yourself: Illus-
trated circular.* THOMAS E. ilORQAN. Dutch
Flat Cai ,
If you are well
.Drive, wheel or hunt among the oak-
clad hills and lovely valleys, away from
wind and fcg. Drink the mineral
waters, swim in the big mineral baths.
Not an ache or pain the HOT SAND.
MINERAL MUD and HOT SULPHUR
BATHS won't drive away
At Paso Robles Hot Springs.
Every modern convenience at the hotel.
New homelike cottages. Ratrs for hotel,
bathe and physician. J10 to $21 a week.
Write for illustrated booklet.
SPECIAL HOUKD-TRIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further information apply to
FRANK W. KLY. City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336. WO Market st.. S. F.
Otto E. Never, Proprietor, Pai« Rabies. Cal.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
J. CRAIG and H. R. WARNER. Mgrs.
Swimming Tanks. Bowling Alleys CVoq ue f
and Tennis Grounds. Hot and Cold Mineral
Baths. Competent Masseurs. Fine Livery.
Hunting Horses and Dors. Experienced Guides.
GEO W. WATSON, the famous Hunter and
FUherman (so many years at Bartlett) will be
here to welcome his host of friends.
OVER 30 MINERAL SPRINGS.
Rates— *li). |I2 and 114 per week.
Resident Physician. Advlc* Free. One Hun-
dred and Fifty Rooms, lighted by Electricity.,
Hotel and Cottages, lathed and plastered.
COOL ROOMS. Plenty cf Shade.
BEST PAID ORCHESTRA IN LAKE
COUNTY.
Dancing in Ballroom every evening; Georg-
W. Watson. Dancing Teacher. Tennis and Golf
Tournaments Weekly.
ONLY GOLF LINKS IN LAKE COUNTY.
Address HIGHLAND STRINGS HOTEL, or
call on L. D. CRAIG. 216 Montgomery street.
Highland Spring* Mineral Waters on sale at
OAKLAND PIONEER SODA WATER CO..
Thirteenth an.l Webster streets. Oakland:
AHRENS. PKIX & BULLWINKLE. CO Poat
street, San Francisco.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10, 1900.
10
XTCLP WASTED-MALE.
BOY 14 to 1J; make himself generally useful
In factory- 723 Market St.. room 38.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nubsciiptlons has been established at 1C34 Va-
lencla «t .
IIOKSCs. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, baggies.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
$27 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULL1VAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
_ '
10 HEAD flne draft and driving horse* at inl-
and 1625 Market »t. bet Twelfth and Brady;
also some flne matched black teams.
FOR sal<— Sixty-six head of mules. 4 and I
years old. Address WM. McGANN. Merced.
Cal. ___
BUSINESS horse, ranch horse, 5 sets business
and wagon harness; also 5 wagons, cheap. 21
City Hall ave.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; « and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. ve*. dent. «C3 Golden Oate av.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 200 horaaa to
2170 Market st : Ca»tro-»t. cars pa»» the door.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for elr-
mUr. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717—8 rooms each and bath.
modern, sunny; convenient: rent reduced.
LOST AXP FOOD.
LOST— Bet. 100 and 200 block, on Clipper st.
collector's lease book and leases. Reward at
8 Taylor st. LICHTIQ & AONEH.
LOST— Large young pug dog; name Sport; re-
ward. 238 Stevenson st
LOST— A Call collection book. Return to C*U
office; reward. —
LOST— A 1900 Cleveland racer bicycle. No.
23,329; extension bar. Brooks saddle. Reward
at 3CS Larkln at.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
sician, formerly 401 Van Ness, returned Irom
Europ« with advanced knowledge; safe and
reliable cure $5; have treated thousands of
cases with success; 15 years' practice in 8. F. ;
maternity home; low fees. 1QO7V> Market st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can b» used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
. 1023S Market st __^_______—
MRS. DR. WYETH. rellabte specialist: » yrs.
practice; home In confinement; treatment at
office $5; any ailment; consultation fre«; eon-
fldentlal. 942 Post at. bet Hyjle and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Mark"; ladles' spe-
clallst; treatment at office, $5; consuitatloa
fre«; hours 10 to 8. Phone Jessie 3S7.
DR. and MRS DA VIES. 122S Market: ladles*
physician; ehronlo diseases treated; latst
scientific methods; treatment. $3.
PRIVATE confinement home; best care; phy-
sician: English and German spoken: terms)
reasonable, m Castro St.. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHU ladies' soeclallst— Treat-
men at office, $5; consultation free. 113 Mat-
ket at. bet. Mason and Taylor.
DR. XO TOY KEE. late of Canton. Chins; dis-
eases of all kinds oured; herbs and tea*! saal-
tarlum.704 Sacramento. cor.Keajny; advice free.
DR. F. FRANK, ladies' Dhyeldan: call oo
physician with man's knowledge. 1019 Lagans,
VI-VI— DR. WISE A CO.. the ladles' special*
lsts. 1118 Market St.; $5 up.
MRS. SCHWARTINO. midwife; private home
In confinement for ladles. 810 Eddy st.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk st. the eminent
female specialist: home or office treatment. $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WEOENER- Private home
In confinement 1112 Golden Gate ave.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
easx of the human body. US Mason st.
.MEDICVTEO OATHS.
ANIDIOSIS Baths rare rheumatism, ecsema
and all nervous troubles: ladies' department
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness ave.,
epp St Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Addr»y» for booklet. DR. CONANT. 47 Poat.
METAPHYSICS.
GRADUATE of National School Mental. Mag-
netic healing. Dr. Lasywell.14 McAlllster.r.24.
i— — — — — — — — —^ — — — - — »— — — i
MISCELLASEOl'S— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machinery. Me-
INTO3H A WOLPMAN. 133-1J7 Fremont it
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulley*.
etc. WHITKLAW. 218 Spear st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and,
fixtures; new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready made;
we can shia everything In 24 hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 10W. 1021. 1023 Mission St.. above.
Sixth: write for catalogue.
LOANS made on diamonds; lowest rates; at
UNCLE HARRIS'. 15 Grant ave,
1300 MODEL wheel, in flrst-class condition,
cheap. WM. LUDWIQ. 2441 Buchanan st
WE rent full-dress and Tuxedo sulta for $3 60.
Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton st ¦
FOR sale— About 40 or 50 gallons rood country
milk. Dairy. 807 Sixth st. Oakland.
MAGIC lanterns, new and second-hand; moving
pictures. IIULLARD A BRECK. 131 Post st.
WHISKY for family or medicinal use; 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid, $3 20; noth-
tr.tc on case to Indicate contents; twice tha
price could buy no better; mall orders solle-
Ited. F. EPHRAIM A CO.. 13 Montgomery.
ONE extra fins quality, doable, 1 outer and t
Inner, 2 compartments, fire and burglar proof
bank vault; made In sections for convenience/
In shipping and for setting up; will sell at a
bargain for cash. Box 1SS0. Call office.
BARBER fixtures and furniture; I-chalr outfit
complete; must be sold at once at a sacrlflce.
Inquire room 614. Call bldg..
AUTOMATIC Willeox & Glbbs sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1315 Mission st.
near Fifteenth.
KDISON concert phonograph, prtce reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 5a BACIGALUPI.
933 Market st.. San Francisco.
6 SPRINKLING wagons, second-hand. In good
condition, for sale. 377 Scotwell at.
A-$3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pcp-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
ONE 3 H. P. 220 volt motor; standard make; al-
most new; cheap. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
CASH registers of every description for sal*
and repaired. 1327 Market, bet. »ta and lOtn.
$225— SLOOP yacht; length S3 feet, beam 14; 3
rooms; in cood condition. Inquire at 4 IS
Twenty-eighth st.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants, $J 75. MISFIT
CLOTH INQ PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dltlan; complete: cheap. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
planers; lathes; 2d-hand- J. Burke. 133 Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter; latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and rold. W. C. BENTHAM. 1S32 Market st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and fir* and burg-
lar nroof safe. 21C California st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HEK-
. MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe; 1 fire and burg-
lar proof safe; cheap. 42 Main st
SAFES — New and second hand: all stzes. TUB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 claner and matcher: I
air compressor: 5 Tocomotlvea. 220 Fremont
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WANTED— Second-hand gasoline engine, V4
horsepower or 1 horse. Address at once WM
W. WEBER. Hughes House. 214 Third »t "
WANTED— Heavy fruit wairon: state price and
where It can be seen. Address box 2128. Call.
WANTED— Two double team new or second-
hand wagons about 3 tons capacity. Address
A. H.. box 2131. Call of gee.
WANTED — Second-hanrl upright piano for
ca»n. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market mt.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
ANY proposition, any amount iT^eT^cenT^rstT
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estate^, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
S? rt £^?^L, COn £ de i? tUU: advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 18. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at 6 i per cent; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
Kases, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
H ?« ( £? 1>Y - pe> D ect *We private place tt> obtain
liberal advarces on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. ; tel Main 1644. Branch V) Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds!
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
?,o«mt n ? removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 PowtU^L
KURIf ITITRE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
CARPETS; nigs; art square. 9x12; No. T stove;
8 bureaus; 3-burner gas stove. 334 Hayes Bt.
FOR sale — The furniture of 4 rooms,' complete
for housekeeping. 711M Filbert Bt
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
is pages.' in wrapper, for mailing. |1 per year.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your , furniture, carpets,
piano.- 11S5 Market st; telephone Jessie 76L
A . L , FR v EI l WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
w - E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry A Co.) buys
furniture, carpets. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
HELP WANTED— PE3I ALB.
C. R, HANSEN^TcO . . ....7. .\7Tp1jonVoranTM3
............HOTEL DEPARTMENT
££ ad » waJ tress, city, $25; 4 waitresses, city,
• 120; 2 waitresses, springs. $20; 2 waitresses,
resorts. $20; a waitresses. Sacramento, $25;
2 waitresses, Stockton, $20; waitress, coun-
try, $25 and found, fare here; chambermaid
to wait, country, $20, fare here; woman cook.
Institution, $30; 4 lunch waitresses. $3 60, no
Sunday work.
...............FAMILY ORDERS
6 German or Swedish house&irls. city. $28;
5 young nurseglrls. $10, $15. no housework to
do; houseglrl for small American family, no
washing, and assist with children, $15; woman
nurse, for Infant 1 month old, $15; woman for
chamber work, no objection to • ohlld. 115;
housegirl, Martinez. $20. and many others.
C. R. HANBEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
"WANTED— Scandinavian second girl. $25; «
second girls. $20, $25; 7 chambermaids and
waitresses, $20, city and country; 13 hotel
waitresses, $20, city and country: hotel cook,
$35; boarding house cook, $25; restaurant cook,
$25; German laundress, $25, resort; neat house-
girl. 3 In family. $25; colored maid, $30; 3
: cooks, plain wash, $25 and $30; restaurant
waitress. $6. $7 week; 75 houseglrls, $20, $3S,
city and country. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
316 Sutter st.
1 COOK; Bummer resort; $40. •
3 DRESSMAKERS: by day; at once.
10 GIRLS; city; country; housework; $29 to $30.
1 NURSE: out of city; at once.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market Bt
HOUSEGIRL, $30; 2 cooks, $30 each; second
girl, $25; 2 waitresses, $25 and $20; 2 nurseglrls,
$15 and $20; cook. Institution, $35. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st -
GIRL for general housework? Apply at 1414
Post at., bet Gough and Octavla, after 9
» o'clock. .
WANTED— Girls and young women; light work
In laundry. Apply bet 9 and 10 this morn-
Ing, 1519 Eddy st.
GIRL for housework; 3 In family; call fore-
noon. 1451 Buchanan at. V
GIRL for general housework; wages, $20; ref-
erences. NE. cor. Twenty-fifth and Fair Oaks.
EXPERIENCED girl for candy store. Address
box 2127. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker. 8*4 Antonio Bt,
bet. Ellis and O'FarreU. off Jones. "..;-'*
YOUNG girl to take care 2 children and assist
1120 Florida St.. Mission. I '
GOOD finishers on tailor-made suits. BARON,
Ladies' Tailor, 22 and 24 Grant ave.
OPERATORS to work In factory on automatlo
machine. 723 Market St., room 35.
OPERATORS on ladles' oversklrts to take work
home. - 723 Market st, room 85.
"WANTED— Young German girl to do general
housework. Call at 1425 Webster st.
GIRL for light housework and care of children;
good home. £28 Jessie st
GIRL to do general housework and cooking;
wages 320. Call 1713 Buchanan st
WANTED— Experienced nurseglrl. with refer-
ences. Apply. 2202 Jackson st .
WAITRESS wanted at 13« Second St.; call
early.
"WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom-
made coats. ¦ 410 Kearny Bt. room 27.
"WANTED Immediately, first-class walst-trlm-
mera. Apply COX. 338 O'Farrell st.
GIRL for general housework and plain cooking.
249 Fourth at.
GIRL to help in small hotel; easy place. ,3377
Twenty-sixth st. near Mission.
NEAT housekeeper: wagea $15 month; Ban
Rafael. Box 2134. Call.
GIRL for light housework; wages $15; refer-
ences. Call between* 12 and 2, 378 Fell Bt.
"WANTED— First-class fur operator at the
Alaska Fur Store, 1028 Market at
WANTED— "Woman to cook, at 321 Main Bt - v
GIRL general housework, small family; no
children. 1413A Maaon at.
LADY for office who wishes to learn bookkeep-
ing;, shorthand, etc.; also seamstress and gov-
erness. Apply 20C7 Flllmore st., a. m. only.
WANTED — Decided, perseverln* woman, with
knowlege of business methods, to travel. Box
210fi. Call office..
WANTED— Finisher and sklrtmaker. Apply
rooms 96-97 Murphy building, 123S Market st
A. SIMINOFF.
WANTED — First-class fitter on cloaks and
suits at E. Messager'a cloak store, 145 Post st.
' GIRL, about 15, to help take care of baby; sleep
home. 233 Larkln St. v
WANTED — Young girl to hefp with housework;
wages $8. 1S40 Greenwich tot, cor. Laguna.
GIRL for light housework; ' no washing. 2S08
Twenty-fourth Bt ¦
WOMAN to wash and Iron; hand lRundry;
steady wcrk. 119 Ccrbett ave., nr. Douglass at.
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' dress
shirts; steady work. Rogerson's, 635 Valencia.
FIRST-CLASS talloresses on custom • pants;
steady work; good pay. 411% Kearny st,
top floor.
WANTED— An apprentice girl on custom coats.
127 Market st, room 621.
WANTED — Coat operator; good salary. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland. \
GIRL8. . GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. S2H Fremont
LADIES wanted — To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class: illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hatrdresslng taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635
Clay st. -.
FEW young ladles to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College.: 723 Market
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 684S
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents ..
...;.... Want. 7 a. m. To-day
MECHANICAL HELP
Cooper, city, $2 75 day
2 boiler-makers for a large company.$3 60 day
Engineer and pipefitter, city..,.. $3 day
Engineer for vineyard and winery.. $35 and fd
Wheelwright, country shop, $125 fare.. .$50 fd
Blacksmith for lumber company $60 and fd
12 ' blacksmiths, including camps, shops,
ranches, etc., also helpers,- $60, $40, $35 and
$2 50 and $2 a day..
6 drillers and hammermen... $2 day
Wheelwrights and woodworkers, city and
country: machine blacksmith. $3 50 day; car- i
rla«e trimmer; boys to work In machine shop;
also boys for factory and to learn trades.
FREE FARE for S. P. R. R. WORK....
E0 laborers and teamsters; $1 75 and $2 day.
MINERS..... ..r......... ..GOLD, SILVER and
...........OTHER MINES
IS single-hand and machine miners. $75 and fd i
10 gold miners. Placer Co. $75
Furnace men.... $53 and $60
32 laborers, no experience required.. $C0 and fd
60 muckers. .$75 ' and $60
175 laborers, city Rnd country, $1 75 and $2
day; 250 teamsters, city and all parts of Cal.,
$1 75 and $2 day and ?20 and $35 and found; 10
laborers, Alameda Co., 25c fare. ...$33 and fd
10 two and four-horse teamsters, free fare.
Kee ho^s here.
FARMS, "DAIRIES, ORCHARDS, STABLES.
Buggy washer, $55: 8 stablemen, city and
country. $30, $W. $35 and $25 and found; .130
farm, orchard and vineyard hand?, $23 to $35
and found; milkers, city and country, $30 and
$35: butter makers, choremen, etc. ; gardener;
25 haymakers, $1 25 day; working foreman for
ranch, , $30 and found....................:........
15 men or strong I boys to pull rhubarb and
work among vines," hoe, etc., $17 DO and found,
•jQ« f n rp "* •" • • ¦ •"• •••••••••••••• e •*•*•••
Farmers and wives. for Sonoma, Santa Clara
nnd Contra Coxta counties... .$45 and $35
Sheepherders. chore boys....."..........;...
WE PAY YOUR FARES TO SAWMILLS
: ......and .woods...:
25 common ; laborers, no ¦ experience required,
. $26 to $40 and found; also lumber pliers, bark
peelers, $40 , and found; and every , class of
¦ skilled labor for sawmills and woods...........
. " For other. po3ltions too numerous to advertise
come down and read bill boards .......:..;....
..MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
A— SLAUGHTER-HOUSE .butcher, $35 and fd
23 cooks,, city: and, different country places,
from $30 to $6fl per month and found.;.........
Candymaker, " small, place,'' $30 and. found; 2
waivers' for. the mlneB,'$30 and found, no ex-
perience necessary; 10 waiters, city and coun-
\try, ; $26 and $30} - bakery, and butcher wagon
drivers; t lroners for. laundries, $25 to $35 and
" found :............:.
' . . . ..MURRAY, & . READY, 634-636 Clay ' Bt
2 WAITERS, $8 and $8, board. ' - 7~-
1 farm hand, -permanent; man and wife, $60.
; BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st
2 JAP cooks, $20 and $23 and found. - . -
BUSINESS. WOMAN'S CLUB, 827. Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
R71T^ayS^N~T^oT^iMrM7rkeT>t!
15 rooms; rent $50; near Stockton st. $400
21 rooms; corner; must sell; offer wanted.
28 rooms; rent $60; Stockton st 800
Co rooms: part cash; only.. 1600
Many other good bargains. ¦
A— ?600 • — -v $500
105 ROOMS
MUST SELL TO-DAY.
' WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR Bale— Cheap; three-seated half cabriolet;
will hold 6 or 9 persons. Apply bet. 3 and 5
o'clock at 127 Mission st.. WEMPE BROS.
SELL; a bargain; double express rig; auction
hauling thrown In. 7 City Hall square.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EAOAN & SON. 2117 Mission Bt.
NEW A 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts A har-
ness. work A driving horses. 15th A Valencia.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you becoms disgusted with poor work
cend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 853-357 Tehama et. ; tel. 8. 40.
SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co.,
342-344 McAllister Bt.. phone south 148.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam. Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South tS».
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson Et.; tel. Bouth 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main S94. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 128.
SPIRITUALISM.
attektion's'J ." 7.T. . . . 7. '. . removES!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Mcst Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave. :'
Kvery Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick EsDeclally
Her Assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of tha whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mail Is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and ail correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential. '
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1C€1 Seventh
ave.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take 8. F. broad-gange ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway. .
MRS. HARRISON, medium. 4$ Sixth st.— Read-
lngs daily; eatlsfactlon guaranteed; circle
Wednesday, 2 p. m., 10c;l readings 60o and $1.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
605 McAllister St.; ltte; come skeptics.
MRS. STODDARD'S Bplrlt messages this Thurs-
day, 8 p. m.; 10c; sittings daily. 27S Ninth st.
MRS. LESTER BAILEY, circle this evening,
10c; readings daily. 1204 Flllmore Bt.
GO to WATSON, the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist; 25c. 1581 Market, nr. 12th.
MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; 9A Sixth Bt.;
few days only; cut this out.
MRS. WEST, trance, teet medium and magnetic
treatments. 1206 Market St., rooms 15-16.
MEDA HOSKINS, spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th; clr. Mon., 8 p. m.
MRS.J.J.WHITNEY. clairvoyant, test, business
ro»dturo. llf» reader: fitting. St. 1104 Market.
..-¦>__ CLAIRVOYANTS. ~~"
MRS. DR. CLARK, ~™~~ ™~~
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AT 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will jhow you how to overcome your ene-
mies, remove family troubles, restore lost
affections, unite the separated, recover lost
or stolen property; locates minerals: tells
your entire life while In a perfect trance:
satisfaction cuaranteed by mail.
Fend stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRP. DR. CLARK, 206 Turk st.. near Jones;
hour!-, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
Sundays. 1167 Market Bt.. bet. 7th and 8th.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reading, best advice in
difficult matters. 823 Mission, near Fourth,
; room 3; 25c up; rlns bell.
< MISS MELVI.LLB, great clairvoyant and watur
reader; German spoken. 921HMUsion,op. Mint.
MME. ZEREDA of & Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader; readings 25c; no sign.
' MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
LIFE readings with cards; ladies 25c, gents 60c.
1382 Market, room 27, opp. Odd Fellows' bldg.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212>,A Sixth et.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth St.
MME. SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
hand'F picture. 25r: la<1|gy. 914 O'Furrell ft.
cape nome!
CLAIM 11 on iBuster Creek, near Cooper A
Lane's claim: size 224 by 600; title perfect.
Apply to CAPTAIN NELSON, room 32, Grand
Hotel.'
GRUB stake wanted by young man who has
had practical experience In both placer and
quartz mining:: references. Cape Nome, box
2124. Call office.
CAPE NOME— Wanted— Steerage ticket on
Zealandia. Box 2135. Call office. '
COLLECTION OFFICES."
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
lerp siipppssfi;;. Room 310 927 Market st. •
COTTAGES TO LET.. ~~
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath. 2J42 Fol-
som St.
NICE cottage, 6 rooms and bath, cheap to good
tenant. 31C3 Clay st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zlnkand — Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
¦ to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from SOc; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain: plates that fit from
14 DO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full Bet of teeth on a gold plate. $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specif lty; Bee our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and ' etronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; fillings. 60c: crowns. $3 60; all work
painles* and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL.
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st. .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without^ plates our specialty; gold crowns.
M Mi up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to J
p. m. O. W. WILLIAMSON. M.P.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts aud fills teeth painlessly by hli won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prlzt«: no ntudentx; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teetb, $5: gold crowns. JJ; new
methode In bridge work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
Btlver. EOc; painless extraction, 5»c; gas rlve«.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Mlsnlon.cor.Cth.
DR. LWDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per net; extracting, 60c; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with wrlt-
• ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st. '.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 2S0 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full ft of teeth. $4; crown". $3: 1111! nsm. 2Sc.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarzt, 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowns, bridge work; open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenincs and Sun-
daya. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNO. mi Polk «t. •
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELET'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills; by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
' 610 Golden Gate ave. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases.' Telephone East. 287.
Dn. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital, Post. Flllmore—
-Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 CO; all
finimal* treated: rincmboardpd. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
THE Livingston Co. of . N. Y. Dressmaking
School. Mme. Rembert, i manager, S30 . Sutter
Bt— Every detail of the art taught pupils in
separate lessons; time not limited; terms rea-
sonable; tailor : cowns,'. dinner,, reception ; and
evening dres3es rcade; patterns cut to measure;
fit grntd; any design , copied , at short notice.
McDOWELL'S Is th« place , to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. ' 103 Post st.
8/ F. Dressmaking. Ladles' Tailoring , School;
French tailoring system taught.' 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking,' 387 Geary St.: : dresses
made, $5 op; dresses made over; perfect fit. -.
ACCORDION pleating factory. Air kinds pleat-
lDg, pinking. 121 Post, over O'ConnortMoffatt,
EDUCATIONAL. *\ _____
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools. Par-
rott building; Gallagher. .18 years official re-
porter, shorthand . department; Tarr. expert
. accountant, bookkeeping dep't; a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD-S Business College. 24 Post st.. 8.-F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, . telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc ; new S0-page catalogue free.
AYRES'. the leading business college. 72S Mar-
ket; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing: life
scholarship, $50; day and evening; catalogue.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. BAN FRANCISCO BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st. , -
CALIFORNIA Business College. 305 Larkln St.;
the coming school; thorough; up to date; all
branches]; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, dm, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1864.
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 9S3 Market.
THE only watchmaking school on the coast for
ladles and gentlemen. O. SINZ, 36 Geary st..
room 24. ¦
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT, 303 Montymy.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. PROF. MERKI,
1008 Mission ; annual concert May 16, 421 Post.
ADULTS and children taught English branches;
Individual Instruction: day 8 and eve. 884 Hyde.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct.. Flood bldg.
ESP1NA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE-CHINESE Contractor and Em-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers, and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off p Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five) years.
421 Post at.; telephone Buah 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Butter; tel. Black 5072.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush— Best Chinese help fur-
nlshed promptly; tel. Bush 194.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office;
best help turn.; tel. John 2121. S06H Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
Bfst help. 417 Powell >t.. telephone Clay 88.
BMLl'LU X MIS NT WAM'UU KEMALK.
PROTESTANT woman wishes steady place do-
Ing light housework; good housekeeper; plain
cook; references.' Please call 451 Bryant st.,
near Third. • .
YOUNG German girl (15 years) wishes to assist
with care of small children and light house-
work. Address Work, box 2128, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman with a child
wishes to do housework or chamberwork; is
willing to help waiting at table. Call at 619
Bush Bt. ¦"¦•;¦';¦
NEAT Japanese girl wants a situation to do
housework and plain cooking. CHRISTIAN
WOMAN'S HOME, 1427 Pine st.
DRESSMAKER, first class; perfection In fitting
and trimming; costumes remodeled latest
styles; $1 25 day. Address J. A., box 2132 Call.
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter, by day
75c and car fare. 313 Third St.. In store.
"WOMAN to do housework; city or country:
small wages. 106 New Montgomery st.. rm. 26.
AN intelligent, responsible woman wishes po-
sition as housekeeper for widower; children
no objection: references exchanged. Address
box 1854, Call office. -
WANTED— By a refined German lady, a posi-
tion aa attendant to an Invalid or convales-
cent lady; understands massage; reference.
Add ress A. T.. 2409. Sacramento st.
COMPETENT, refined woman wishes to make
herself useful .where kitchen help Is kept: re-
muneratlon expected. Box 2103. Call office.
YOUNO colored girl wishes situation to do
general housework In a small family; wages
m to U5. MISS O. J.. 108 Valparaiso at.
MIDDLE-AGED woman take charge of house
during absence of family, or cooking in pri-
vate family. 22H Seventh st.
GERMAN woman wishes to do upstairs work.
420 Third St. -
GIRL wants place to do general housework.
Please call at 472 Tehama at.
NURSERY governess— Refined young lady, best
of references, would give part of each day to
teach children English. German and music
M. L. P.. E25 Grove St. J
TRUSTWORTHY woman wants * position as
housekeeper for family of adults; desires a
good home; small wages. MRS." ANNA
MERRYWEATHER. Station K. city.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: good reference. 60S Franklin at.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. r near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; tOc to $1 60 night; $150 to %t
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
POSITION as companion to gentleman, appli-
cant 31, speaks little Spanish and French;
salary nominal; Englishman of excellent
character. Box 2133, Call office.
YOUNG man wants a situation at any kind of
work; wages no object. Address D. B., 610
Folsom st. -
A YOUNG Frenchman would like to have em-
ployment of any kind with American people,
where he will have the opportunity of learn-
ing the English language; wages no object.
Address M. LEGER. 639V4 California st.
ELDERLY single gentleman deolres any em-
filoyment In exchange for rocm and board or
ts equivalent. Address Box 2123. Call of flee.
PRIVATE secretary; position wanted with lady
or gentleman; references given. Address box
2771. Call office. Oakland.
GARDENER, married, steady man. wants sit-
uation on private place; understands the
greenhouse, run gasoline engine, can take
care of horsai, cows, handy with tools. Ad-
dress Gardener, San Rafael, Marln County,
Postofflce box 282. . ' '
EXPERIENCED, reliable barkeeper (German)
wants position: country preferred; best of
references. Address box 472. Call office.
YOUNG man, neat appearance, wishes position
afternoona. Address box 45S. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work In
country or summer resort. Box 434, Call office.
YOUNO assistant smith and helper wishes a'
situation In a good shop with a chance to
learn; city or country; first-class references
furnished. Box 413. Call office.
A SOBER, reliable man wants any kind of em-
ployment; speaks French and English; can
do housework. A. R., 914 Sixteenth St., rear,
Oakland. , - ¦
MAN and wife desire farm work; man. is
dairyman; wife Is good cook. Apply 707B
Stockton st.
CLASSIFIED advertisement!* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUlmora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036 Va-
lencla Bt. ¦ _j__
EXCHANGE.
PHAETON wanted: low step, suitable for an
elderly gentleman; will offer In exchange
$150 new business buggy in first-class condl-
| tlon. Address A. J. R., Call office.
STORE and flat; right in town: installment;
mortgage $2:.00: equity worth $2500 for vacant
- lot: cash or arrangement. Box 445, Call office.
5-ROOM cottage; center />f San Francisco: 1 In-
stallments; mortgage $1100: equity worth $1600
for a clear building lot. Box 1894. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MATERLB.' German expert optician.
¦ 1071% Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. -60c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET. *
A— $12 AND $16; 2 new bay-window flats, :S and
5 rooms each; tubs; bath.' 909 Folsom nr. 5th.
10 TO 30 days free. A. M. SPECK & CO.
I r.; new; 1421 Green.$20|7 r. ; 793 Halght... $25 00
6 r.; nice: 215 Elm av 15 7 r.; 1610 Calif..... 55 00
6 r.; 913 BuchansJn... 14|7 r.: 708 Hayes.... 37 50
,-100 other flats, cottages, houses. SPECK &
CO., GC7 Market st. ¦ . . ¦ . . . v
BEST centrally located flats for small famlllea;
nlco neighborhood ; must - be Been. Hanovei*
place, off Sacramento st..; above Powell.
FELL. E24— Flats of 3 rooms and . bath. $13;
.-• also flats,>4 rooms, no bath. $9. • .--•'.,-¦¦;¦
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN & HOWELL," 10 Montgomery.
3 MODERN flats; 6 and 7 rooms; yard: base-
ment; rent moderate. 1931. 1935, 1937 O 1 Farrell.
MODERN upper flat of 7 rooms and basement.
. 1135 Geary. St.. bet. :,Van: Ness -and' Franklin.
SUNNY; upper flat, ¦ B rooms ;: modern . convenl-
•; ences ; rent ' reasonable. - 1S91 O" Farrell - Bt. :
BUNNY flat,; 4' rooms, bath. Off Howard Bt;,
bet. Twelfth and Thirteenth, x . "i
SUNNY flat; 6 rooms and bath; all modern lm-
¦ provements ; c large ,- yard.v 2812B : Howard ¦ at. ¦¦-.
7-ROOM flat; corner; sunny- 2 bay windows; all
modern Improvements. 417H Third at.
SAN FRAXCISOO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE ef the Sail Francisco
CfcU, corner of Market and Third streets, open
Bjjrn 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
ccmer Cicy: open until •:» p. m.
SCO Kayes street; cpen until 1:30 p. m.
ess NcA:::s:er street; open until S:SO p. m.
CIS Larkln street: cpen until »:S0 p. m.
JK1 Mtselcn etreet: opw until It p. m,
SO Market street, corner Sixteenth; opea
tatil * p ns-
106 Eleventh street: cpea until t p. in.
JC96 Valencia street: opea until * p. a.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tccky street*: open until t p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
eTn^^francisco" chapter no. h t
Roy.-.l Arch Masons, meets THU Jl
EVENING. ?- - Vl - M - K - M - tDd "- T*JR
A. decreea. __l_5l_
O\LIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. ft
M , will meeVTHIS (THURSDAY) J%^
eVeNLVO. May 10. at 7:21 o'cloc*. )f/?
£*cond degree. By order of the Mas- / '
T«T FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
I>ORIC Ixxige No. 8K. F. and A. M. — m
fpecialrnertlng THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING ex 7:30 o'clock. Third Ae- T£X
gree Matter Masons ore Invited. By ' ? '
order of the Y^oaUDeiaTB. Secretary.
WALHALLA Encampment No. 7. I. O.Jk yg
O F— The officers and the funeral jf
committee of the above-named encamp- /\
ment are herebv notified to assemble at *
Odd Fellows' HaJl, corner Market and Ser-
enth ets.. on THURSDAY. May 10. at 1
o'clock p. ».. for the purpoee of attending
tJ'e funeral of our late brother. JACOB
MJ3BE, P. Ch. P. By order
CHAS. QUAST. Financial Scribe.
CONCORDIA LODGE NO. 122, L
O. '.». F.— The membere of tie €&£2£c'Z&z
funeral committee are hereby
notified to a««jrr.bl« at Odd Fel- '"*•
lows Hall THURSDAY, at 1 o'clock p. m., to
attend l^.e funeral, of our late brother, JA-
COB X1BBE. P. G. By order of
GEOKGE BERING. K. O.
CHRIST ROEBEK. Kec. Sec
PACIFIC Lodge No. 1E5. I. O. O. «*£*«•£&?
F.— Initiation THIS EVENING.
Visitors welcome. : %J2<^'
F D aSHWORTH, «T. G. •
A15OLPHUS O. GRAUPXER. Reo. Sep.
MORSE Lodge No. S57. I. O. O. F.— <&&£&»
The officers and members of this ~ r^y;~*gXg-
lodge are hereby nctiSed to astern- ¦=£*?*&3Er
b'.e at the hall oa FRIDAY. May "*n<^
11 at 1 p. m. to attend the funeral of our
late brother. F. SCHUMANN. By order.
GEO. SHERMAN. N. G.
C. BRIXD. Rec. Sec^
"WOODMEN of the World— rf ¦¦ — — — f*
Golden Gate Camp No. .^- M ..Bt
64 Members are hereby wJJP^V^ftf'^rn
notified •.(• a: tend ; h<? k.
:uii-rHj r»: 'tuT late r.< :»;.*.- \^^[>p«<B*"**Ho»»"'
bor. HOMER L, BISHOP.
from his late residence. S15 Detroit St. (Sun- i
nyside). THURSDAY. May 19. at 1:30 'o'clock j
p. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
By order
THOS. F. QUINLAN. Consul Com.
D. OLIVER JR.. Clerk.
MASTER Msrlners' Benevolent As- _#--^_
eoc!a.t»->n— The regular meeting will ¦ "ff
be held in hall, S2J Poet Bt.. TKURS- vV -£i»»
DAT EVENING. May 10th. at 7:89 £T-T
o'clock. All members are requested to be
¦jre«*nt as Important business will come be-
fore tre meeting. By order of the president
L. TRAL'NG. Recording Secretary-
TUB S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v n^
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- ?V, Q i^J
ING, Fraternity Hail. 22 O'Farr-11
•t.. at P o'ciork. As matters of im-
portar.ee will rcme hefore the meeting a large
attundance of the rcembers is expect«»d.
JOHN PjOSS, P.oi-al Chief.
CISO. W. PATER.SON. Recorder.
ST. ANDREWS SOCIETY— Thirty- .. <Cjr ;*.
seventh ar.nun.1 picnic will take 5\ (JiJJ
place at Kfclrfax I'ark. near San 'TXiic
Rafael, on SATURDAY. Mav 12. **^?">
Beats leave SrajisalJto ffrry at 7. 9:30, 11 a. m.
and 1:4S p. m. ; returning trains leave Fairfax
tt 4:-i and E:2i Tickets, £.0c; children. 25c; to
Le had from members.
WILLIAM BALKAVE3. President
A. R- PATTERSON. Secretary.
AGEXTS WASTED.
AGENTS Trar.ted— Goo<; thlr.g, good sales, good J
profits anJ good chance for right men. Ad-
drees, with tramp, F. \V. BLANCHARD. Be-
nlcia. Cal.
EXPERIENCED building and loan agent*.
Room 14'j<. Claus Enrirkel* bulltllrur.
ASTnOLOGV.
PROF. A. MAKERT or Egypt, greatest astrol-
orift and palmwt In the world; satisfaction
rua-artfed. 1.1 Prtrell Et.
ATTORNEYS AT LAAV.
ADVICE iree; divorce law a specialty; private; j
no fee without sucee»s; collections. G. W. '
HOWE, atfy at law. Sit) Market, cor. Stocktn. I
AI>VICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
\Y. PAVIPBOW. 327 Market St., opp. Mason.
L. £. CLARK. Krr.ma Spreckels bldr.. S27 Mar-
Icet st.: /-"Tisultation free: no fee* in advance.
HATH CAUI\ET — HOT AIR. VAPOR.
BOBINFON So 4-panel foMing: door opens; firm
and safe. \V. S. H11OWN. gen, art.. 426 Eilia.
BELGIAN HARES.
CLAIIEMONT BELGIAN HAP.E ASSOCIA-
TION.
We have secured FA6HODA PRINCE (Imp.).
ton of Chajnpicn F**hoda. fee IIS; also \
ROYAL ROCHDALE, eon of Rochdale, fee j
S10. Does 6hlrP«I uy by express for service i
•rill receive careful attention.
Hlgh-claes does, bred and unbred; doea with
llttors and ycungeters of best strains; all
c.atses cf i::.:;:c;s at reasonable prices.
TV. B. THOMAS. 4916 Telegraph ave., opp.
Temescal power house, Oakland.
TO Dealers— We are prepared to furnish you
with aJl grades of animals, both lmDorted f.n.l i
domestic-, at prices that will be Fa^....actory. I
In eddit-on to our present lance collection |
we have 30 anln»!s due on the 10th lnst.. di- I
rect from England.
Ca!l at once and secure the choice ones.
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN' HARE ASSOCIA-
TION. Alameda, Cal.: tel. Grand 1851. |
THE largest and bert-ecuipped rabbirry north j
cf Lo» AEf<;;-; imported Belgian hares;
wholesale and retail; fashionable strains of
Imported bucks and doe* always en hand;
nurse does; a full line of rabbitry 6upplle».
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
t0»-€ll Gcldrn Gate ave., s. F.- tel. South
£51. IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
THOP.OI.GHllRED Belrian dee*, bred to Royal
Sovereifr.. J10 to JTQ; to Emperor of Norfolk, :
£29 to i3'j: to Ajax fhlthest-scorlng buck In j
America). $30 to J."0: youngsters, all strains, 6
w<-*kj'. $: :X); 10 we«=ks, J3 50; 3 months. $5 and
J7 SO. Keawocd Rabbitry. T.30 14th et., Oakland.
BOSS Babbitry. S«S Howe St., Oakland— Thor-
oughbred Helglan hares, breeding does; young-
eters fur Fai* from the following strains; Yu-
kon, Lord Hochaale. Klondike Nugget and
Red Sovereign; British King at eervlce; vis-
Itrrs welcome; take Mour.ta.in View cars.
FOR sale— Pfdirreed Belgian hare«; from 15
upwarrt. MARKCT-ST. RABBITRY. W. C.
IinXTHAM. Proprietor. ISM Market et.
PEDIGREED ftock— All pcpular strains; Lord
Fashoaa Chief <lmi».) end other grand sires st
rtud. Eureka Uibbitry. 1C1CA Turk; vis. wel. !
TREMONT BELGIAN HARE CO.. 2124 FUU
more rt.. San Francisco. C«J. Send 6 cents
in >t.i:::;.s for book on care and feedlnr.
MRS. A. M. HfSH. official Judge of Belrian
hares. Address for one week. Golden West
" Hotel, £an Francisco.
THE Endnal RubMtry. Haslett &. Bew. 1222
Grand et./ Ala:n.d« . : correspond, roltcited.
niCYCLES— Kor Mtlr or CichanKF.
KEW~C>veiand bicycles: better than ever; jiT
LEAVITT ft BILL, JCJ Larkln st.
GREAT bargains In second-hand blendes: from
s; up: SPlid for Ii«t. LEAVITT & BILL,. 339
Larkln ex.. San KrSLndaco.
HOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
ecno-jL BOOKS bou«:»)t an<i Exchanged.'
*?•¦>*«. T*.-»nfc rw ?M M:.«1-^ .t t.»ar Third.
MOOT AXU SHOK MAIUiAI.NS.
BARGAINS, ladles" and CttUflrta'a shoes; drumT
triers' sample* nifz. co?t. Kohlbecher. 145 4th.
Bt'siarcss chances! ~
UVERY and bearding stable; clearing $l£0
month; *icknes«. COWING & CO., 71* Market.
EUANCH bakery a.:id candy store: living rms •
cheap rent. COWING & CO.. 719 Market bL
CICJAR store on Market Bt.; bargain. COWING
& CO.. H* Market et.
DELICACY store: fine location; cheap rent*
with rooms. COVTING & CO., 71* Market st!
CLEAR land to exchange for roomlng-hou*e
vr grocery. COWING •£ CO.. 71S Market st.
A— GROCERY and delicacy etore; full stock-
big bargain. COW1.NO A CO.. 71S Markat st.
A— ROOMIXG-HOUEE north Market; 36 rooms;
cause, death. COWING & CO.. 718 Market.
CANDY and Ice cream parlor: Market Bt.; a
er-ap. COWING A CO.. 7U Market st.
A COU7CTRY hotel for rent In good town.
COWING, 71» Market at.
A CORNER downtown ealocn; be*t south of
_Market; enap. COWING & CO.. 711 Market.
C600 WILL buy an old established butcher busi-
ness in Mission; call immediately. BROCK-
KLHTJRST A KBOLEDDEHT. 753 Market.
1175 — BALOON; fin* location; rent paid till June
IS; sclllns. departure, BAH1LE, 3 Eddy st.
BUSIM2SS CIIAXC12S COMIM'ED.
A— $260; corner branch bakery &nd grocery, with
4* living rooms, on Geary Bt. ; low rent and
good paying business; a rare chance. Call
R. G. WILKE. 806 Market st ¦
A— $460; SALOON, with living rooms; estab.
many years and good paying place; on Sixth
gt ; low rent. Call R, O. WILKE. m Market.
A— $550: DELICACY and candy store; choicest
location en MUslon et.; rent $25; living rooms;
daily receipts $20; place must be sold at once;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE.
S06 Market «t-
A-$000-CHOPHOU8E and restaurant; e»tab-
llehed 20 year?; rent $25; opp. R. R. depot;
a splendid chance and a good paying busl-
ne»e. Call It. G. WILKE, 906 Market st
A— $S5O; CORNER saloon, 1 block from Market
and Stockton sts.; net rent $63; a good-paying
and cld-e8tablisbed business. Particulars R.
O. WILKE. 90C Market at. .
A— $4000; BEST located saloon on Market st. ;
with 7 clut> and ladles' rooms and fine
grounds; place Is known over the U. S. and
Europe and doing a large, profitable business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 906 Market Bt
A-$1800-BAKERY en leading business street;
Western Addition; rent $65; 3 horses, wagon;
J new ovens; baking SH barrels per day; sick-
ness cause of sale. See R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st. .
A— I200C— CORNER grocery and bar, with four
living rooms; rent $50; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Mission et; place doing a good
paying cash business; full value In Bight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market Bt
A. STENBERG CO
PHONE FOLSOM 1348
TO SELLERS
Have buyers on hand ready to Invest; also all
kinds of legitimate propositions for buyers....
FKW OF OUR BARGAINS
$250— Branch bakery with sunny rms.: Mission
$650— Cigar ptand on Market st. ; receipts $15
$450— Cor. grocery and bar; owner there 7 yrs
Restaurant Third st; part cash: payments
A. STENBERG CO.. 935 Market Bt
A— $10Crt; HANDSOMELY furnished dining-room
in large hotel on leading business etreet; aver-
age receipts $30 day: cost $1500 to fit up: owner
Going to Nome. STENBERG CO., 835 Market
FOUNDRY AND MACHINE SHOP
IN FIRST-CLAPS MINING
district; owner sick; must Bell. Particulars
. with H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$4000— PUBLIC dance hall; paying business;
will exchange for house and lot or vacant
lots. Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
11 POOL tables and 2 billiard tables. Bruns-
wick make, good as new, to exchange for
real estate: this Is a flne chance for parties
going to Nome; the tables cost $235 each.
• Apply to H. C. PECKER, 1020 Market Bt.
AN excellent business opportunity to secure at
a tremendous sacrifice a splendid cash paying
corner grocery, bar and bakery combined,
with 5 neatly furnished family living-rooms
attached: also In addition to the above an
adjoining house of 8 attractively furnished
rooms; always rented to permanent people;
total rent of all only $40 per month; all fur-
niture and fixtures new and Rood; owner sick
and muft leave for a different climate; full
Investigate accorded; details on interview.
M. A. BROOKS. 12 Golden Gate ave.
'5350— BRANCH bakery, stationery and candy
store: bargain. McLAUGHLIN A CO.. 77714
Market st.
$1100— GROCERY Btore near the city; bargain;
other business cause of sale. McLAUGHLIN
& CO . 777Vi Market st
$125 — CORNER saloon: bargain: departure cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. -T7H Market
$lo0—PARTNER wanted: light Indoor business;
will pay over $60 per month yearly. Mc-
LAUO.HLIN & CO.. 777*4 Market st.
$500— PARTNER wanted In an old-established,
profitable business, controlling good, safe,
eolid and rapidly growing trade; duties will
be to handle the cash, take orders in office,
keep plain accounts, etc.; the own*r 1b well-
knovrn business man and prefers partner to
other help. Cal. Investment Co.. 632 Market
A— $X0— PARTNER wanted: must be steady.
reliable man, eatlsfled with $1S to $20 a week,
no nlcht or Sunday work; trial given before
buying. Apply at 9 Geary St.. room 2.
A— $!&<>: PARTNER wanted in cash business:
established 14 years; guaranteed to clear $75
P«r month to each; half caah. balance out of
profits of business. 1016 Market Et.. room 10.
A— $30C«; CAFE and restaurant on Market st.
doing a larpe and profitable business; no bet-
ter location: only first-claES trade; 5 years'
leaee: a rare chance. Address box 4543. Call.
FOR pale— Ae I leave ehortly for the* mlnea, I
wi«h to dispose of my we!l-e6tabllshed, paying
loan office: a chance to secure the best invest-
ment of It* kind ever offered In this city; cap-
ital required. $3fV>0 to $4000; fullest Investiga-
tion Folicitfd. Mint Loan Office. 14 Fifth st
GOOD bakery for sale In country town. Box
'2772. Call office. Oakland.
DRUG store, stock and fixtures at a sacrifice.
41S Devlfadero Bt.
ANY one Intending to make Berkeley his
home for the purpose of educatlnc hl» fam-
ily and at the name time receive an Income of
$2C0Q i>er year In an old established and re-
sp»otable business would do v.*ell to address
MAXWELL. P. O. box 3, Lorin. Capital re-
quired for the business about $2300 cash or,
to include the property, $4000 additional, part
of which would be exchanged for other good
property. N. B. — Principals only.
DO you want good paying dairy depot clear-
Ing more than $2 per day? tome delivery; on
account cf departuie; no reasonable offer
refused. Address J.. box 183L Call office.
PARTY leaving the city has for sal» a tin and
copper fliop; also 6teel range; doln£ good
business; established 14 years. 411ft Calif or-
r.ia et. EUGENE ROBIXET.
DRUG store for *a!e or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property: a well-stocked, modern, paying
drug biorc in a £cod raining town; cash trade.
Coil at 730 O'Farrell St.. city.
j50no— FOR sale— Junction House, east of Hay-
ward?. For particulars apply at SIEBE
BROS. & PLAGEMANN. 3T>2 Sansome st, S.
F.. or T. C. Armstrong, real estate agent
Haywards.
BARBER shor>; 3 chairsT latest style; for sale
at a bargain; with 2 'living-rooms In rear;
or will sell fixtures, etc., without chairs;
party going East. 1131^4 Howard 6t
CIGAR store for sale for $215 If sold before Sat-
urday, May 12: good paying and cheap rent
Inquire at 28 East St.
A RESTAURANT; bargain: good business. 239
Eiphth St.; call between 9 and 11 a. m.
$300— HOTEL and bar In good town; good run-
ning order. Inquire 2222 Mission Bt
$800— GROCERY and bar, suitable for man and
wife; good location. Apply 10S4 Howard st
RESTAURANT for sale. Apply 119 Drumm at:
no agents.
WILL exchange clear residence lot in Chicago
: suburb for good upright piano or for furni-
ture. Address box 457. Call office.
FOR »flle — On easy terms, or would take part-
ner, to start a rabbitry and chicken ranch;
45 minutes from Oakland, near station. For
Information address box 470. Call office.
1 WELL established saloon, near Kearny and
Bush sts.; must be sold at once. Apply BACH,
MEESB & CO.. 221 Montgomery et-
LOCKPMITH x thop: established 15 years; good
location for good mechanic; cheap rent
! SZANIK, 444 Valencia Bt '
ALL firnt-claa 1^ upholstery dona cheap by the
Job. day or month. S. JENSEN, 811 Bush St.
CIGAR stand; 117 O'Farrell at; must be sold;
account of elcknrss.
FOR sale— Saloon In wholesale district. Inquire
WICHMANN. LUTGENS & CO.. 313 Clay Bt.
BAKERY store. 1101 Howard i>t. ; 4 rooms; large
| oveu and tools to let low; location excellent.
I FOR sale— I3C0; old-established watch repair-
ing and Jewelry store. Box 414, Call office.
$300 CASH— Paying business; rent free; store
and bsr. 3Ct Eleventh st.
STATIONERY etor»: &ood location; dean, new
stock. Box 1S20, Call office.
GOOD route en this paper in Western Addition.
Apply at this office..
COFFEE and tea routes supplied Irom GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.. 411 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
cubrcrlptloas bas been establUhed at 1096 Va-
lencla et. ' ' ¦¦*¦ • ¦ ¦ . .
. LODGING-HOUSES'-' FOK SAL12.
10-ROOM houae on Eddy, near Mason; only
$400. DECKER. 1C20 Market St.
I 10-ROOM transient house; new furniture; on
I Maron. near Eddy;.pric8 $600. DECKER, 1020
Market st. .
&6-ROOM house; 24 rooms furnished; rent 180;
price $450. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
I 10 ROOMS; on Jones; clears $S3 $400
! 10 rooms; fine corner; on Mission 450
• 10-rooni house; new furniture.... 200
12-room house; on Post Bt 400
loo rooms; rent $50; clears $200 1500
I IS rooms on Third st 250
I 30-room corner; 2 entrances, half cash.... 2000
S-room flat; new; elegant COO
IS rooms; on one floor; near Call office... 630
37 rooms; on Howard st.; only S300 cash... 400
25 rooms; on Market Bt: worth $1200 800
10 rooms: on Mason st,; payments 4iO
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN 6L
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A BIG, new house, new furniture, full, ' >
clearing $200 mo.; half caeh: easy terms.. $1600
18 rooms; central: rent $40; clears $50.:..:. r>50
9 rooms; 2 blka. N. Mkt: rent $40; O. K.. 300
36 rooms on Mkt.: oak furniture; bargain. 1400
1» rooms; cor. on Post; good money- maker. 1100
f rms. ; full; rent $28; clean: time on part 350
15 rooms; nr. Mkt: low rent: good bus... 660
37 rooms; full: 23 boarders: bon ton. 16C0
, 12 rooms; central: rent $65: money-maker.' 700
12 rooms; rent $50; 6 steady boarders.. 600
100 more! I will lend you part on any house.
MARION ORIFFIN. 71» Market nr. Call big.
CHEAP— Account of other business, large, good
paying house on payments. 105 New Montf?y.
HELP WAJfTED MALE.
KLOP-BRICK molder, $3 day, see bcss here; 8
bark peelers, $40 and board; 60 laborers and
woodsmen, $40 and board, ace boss In city; 20
mill and woods men. $2 day; 10 laborers, $2<S
and board, fare advanced: 20 crosscut saw-
yers, barkers and Jackscrewers. 530 to $40. fare
advanced; woodchoppers for mine, $1 25 to $2
day. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 623 Sacra-
mento at.
IRONER and polisher, $50 and found; 6 black-
. smiths, for city, country shops and ranches.
$30. $40 and $60 and found and f 2 50 to ti day:
carriage painter. $3 day; floor man, country
shop, $2 50 day; wheelwright. $2 60 day; getter
for mill, $50; toolmaker, |3 day; 3 cabinet-
makers, $2 75 day. found; slaughter-housa
butcher,- $30 and found: 2 miners, $2 SO day.
J. F. CROSETT'AGEXCY. S2S Sacramento at.
2 MEN and wives for private families. $40 and
$50;man about place, $25; gardener, $30 to $35;
farmers,, milkers, $30; 4 stablemen, city and
country, $25 and $30 and board; 2 sheepherd-
ers, $25 and found; 2 chore boys, $10 and $13; 8
teamsters. $1 75 day and $1 day and board. J.
F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY, 62S Sacramento st.
Wanted— Cooks, $12, $10 week. $35. $30 month:
cooks, country, $35, $25 month; waiters, $S 50
week. $35, $30. $25. $20 month; night steward.
$13 week; porters, $20 and found: dishwashers,
$7 week. $5 week, $25 month; pantryman, veg-
etablemen and other help. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY, S28 Sacramento at '-,
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary rt.
Wanted for the Coast Railroad— free fare:
Teamster* $2 a day
Rockmen $2 a day
Laborer* $3 a day
Men to build fences $3 a day
Free fare Free fare
20 railroad laborers, company work
$3 day. free fare
20 laborers for quarry, R. R. company work.
2 a day; board $4 50 a week, free fare; fanner
and wife, $55. see party here; 6 farmers. $1 25
a day and board; 10 farmers, $23, $26 and $30;
5 choremen, $30; 20 muckers, $2 and $3 50 a
day; 20 laborers. $1 75 a day; 50 woodsmen and
laborers. $26 to $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN
6 CO.. 104 Geary st
MEAT COOK, country hotel. $50 and fare ad-
vanced: broiler, country hotel, $50: vegetable
cook, country hotel. $40; cook and dishwasher,
country, $40 and $18; cook, country hotel, $10 a
week: second cook $35, dishwasher $!5, same
' country hotel; dishwasher, springs, $30; kltch-
I en- hand, springs, $25: 20 dishwashers and
kitchen hands. $20, $25 and $30. C. R. HAN-
SEN Si CO. 104 Geary st. ____
A— SECOND cook, $40, 2 dishwashers. $20. for
hotel; see party here. C. R. HANSEN. 104
Geary st.
WANTED— Choreman about private place near
city, $25 see party at our office; stableman on
ranch, $25 and board; 10 haying hands for
different places near city, $1 15. $1 25 and
board; 10 men handy with ax to peel tanbark,
$40 and board: 15 laborers for large sawmill
company, $28 to $40 and found, fare paid:
kitchen hand for Institution near city. $20 and
found: waiter for nice country restaurant, $30,
and others; foreman on ranch near city, see
party at our office. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay at. *
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ.
Bient H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie lal.
WANTED— A traveling salesman with first-
class references to take side line on commis-
sion; no samples and easy seller. Address
box 00. Call Office.
YOUNO man stenographer, must operate Smith
Premier typewriter. L, & M. ALEXANDER.
110 Montgomery at. -
MAN to do light work at summer resort, make
himself generally useful; good home; small
wages. 1S32 Pacific ave., Alameda.
WANTED— Steady man with $73; can make $13
per week above expenses; light work; perma-
nent place. 1018 Market st, room 10.
BAKER wanted: third hand In bakery. Call
1S29 Polk at J. A. JOHNSTON.
GREEN HANDS and Bailors for nice royage;
no experience. HERMAN, 28 Steuart st
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 6S2 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d. sta.
WANTED— 2 laborers with Bhovels at 2323 Jack-
son st. 7:30 a. m.
WANTED— Second cook. 318 O'Farrell at.
8 LABORERS. Thirteenth ave. and N at south;
Kentucky-st cars.
WANTED— 2 waiters at the Golden West Hotel.' (
68-76 EUls st
BOY, 14 or 15. for office work: advancement If
competent. Call box 2129.
COOK to do porter work and attend lunch
counter. 44 Second st. saloon.
GOOD man for kitchen to do all around work.
1865 Halght st.
WANTED— Good man to control fraternal ln-
Burance.> Box 2125, Call.
BOYS wanted at San Francisco and Padflo
Glass Works. Seventh and Townsend Bts.
STRONG boy wanted for pressing. 718 Market
. Etraet. .
WANTED— Good shoemaker at 3004 Mission Bt.
WANTED— Pressman on pants. 734 Montgom-
ery. room 1.
WANTED- Shoemaker on repairing; steady
work. 731 Mission gt. .
WAITER— Young man; $6 per week; restaurant.
206 McAllister st.
WAJTTEP— 2 painters at Clay and Mason sta.
BOY with men's furnishings experience or to
learn. 611 Montgomery. 2 to 4.
COOK wanted. 613 Clay st.
SHOEMAKER wanted for custom repairing;
steady work. !O l i Mission st
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted; steady; single
man preferred. 323 Devlsadero Bt
GOOD ladies' tailor; steady work; good wages.
f-32 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
DISHWASHER wanted at 60S Montgomery
street. ,
GOOD operator on vests to open a ehop. Call
7£6 Geary st, between 7 and 9 p. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Men and women to learn barber
trade; only two months required. GORDON
Barber College. 417 N. Main st, Los Angeles.
WANTED — Good man to drive milk wagon: $50
and room. 2200 Point Lobos ave., corner Elev-
enth are. •• ¦--
BRIGHT boy for Jewelry store; must work
nights; state references. Box 2101, Call office.
BOY to learn printing; $3 per week. Apply
519 Filbert st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1203 FlUmore et.. near
Turk.
COATMAKER wanted on custom coats; good
. pay; steady work. S33 Natoma st.
$150— 4-CHAIR barber shop; a trial given. Ap-
ply 1S42 Market at.
1025 HYDE— Barber shop for sale.
BARBERS— Old-established 4-chalr shop foj?
Bale; cheap. Apply after 3 p. m., 911 Larkin.
WANTED— A man and wife on ranch. • Ad-
dress box 1S4S. Call office.
WANTED— Second cook;. also a kitchen man.
U. S. Hotel. 123 Eddy at.
WANTED— Coat operator; good salary. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland. -
BARBER shop In good mining town; shaving
25c; for sale at a bargain. DECXELMAN
BROS., 106 Ellis St.
BARBERS— Long-estab. shop for aale cheap;
best reasons. 427 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
BARBERS— Wanted fecond-hand modern fix-
tures. 1006 Mission St.. above Sixth.
BARBERS — About $30flf required for unusually
fine opportunity to open a hotel and barber
shop in new town In San Joaquln Valley;
building can be had for $20 month: don't miss
this chance. P. STOLTZ. 630 Market st
MAN to open oysters and make himself gener-
ally useful around the kitchen. 'Cafe Zlnk-
and. 927 Market St.
WANTED— Valet: Edward Langer preferred.
Address WM. I. P1XLEY, corner O'Farrell
and Powell sts.
WANTED— Recruit* for the United . States
Marine Corps. TJ. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married* men. of good character, between the
apses of 21 and 35 years; not less than * feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
roust be citizens of the United States or per-
tons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
; and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Of3ee. 40 ; Ellis St.. San Francisco. CaL or
£30 K st. Sacramento. Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber 1 trade: only re.
quires six to eight weeks; day . and , evening
class; special inducements this season; only
. institution in the world teacRtng this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE 435
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs . Denver House. M7 Third st- ISO larg*
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per weefc.
MEN to learn bartering and halrdresslng at S.
F. ; Barber School. 741A Howard st
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $l"per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
BAILORS. ¦ ordinary seamen and green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBKLL. lawyer: 16
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third *t near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
¦ bus and baggage to and from the f«»»r.
UNDELL Home, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per nitht; 73c to $2 per week.MANILA— Arrived May *— Br stmr Port
Stephens, from Seattle.
NANAIMO— Arrived May S— Nor stmr Tita
nla. hence May 6. and sailed May 9 for Port
Los Anreles.
ALGIERS— Arrived May *— Br stmr Acara,
from Norfolk, for Manila.
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to May »— Br bark
Cardigan Caatle, from Eureka; bktn Benlcla,
from Grays Harbor.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 7— Br ship Cam
brian Princess.
In port April 27— Br ship Lengdale, for Ore
gon.
NEWCASTLE. Aus— Sailed March SO—Br ship
Portia, for Acapulco.
CARDIFF— Arrived May 8— Br shlo Ben
Dears, from Tacoma.
DU BLIN— Sailed April 27— Br ship Alclntous,
for Liverpool.
CALLAO— Sailed April 8— Br ship Eaton Hall,
for .
HONGKONG— Sailed May 9-Jap stmr Honr
kong Maru, for Ban Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS*.
NEW YORK— Arrived May »— Stmr Cms. fm
Genoa.
Sailed May 9— Stmr New York, for Southamp
ton: stmr Frlesland. for Antwerp.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived May 9— Stmr St
Louie.
Sailed May 9 — Stmr Katserln Maria Theresa,
from Bremen, for New York, via Cherbourg..
MANILA— Arrived May 9— Etmr Port Stev
ens, from Seattle, via Hllo. etc.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 6— Stmr Nederland,
from Philadelrhla,
CHERBOI'RO— Arrived May 8— Stmr Palatla,
from New. York, for Hamburg.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 9 — Stmr Waesland.
for Philadelphia.
QUEENSLAND— Sailed May 9— Stmr Ultonla.
from Liverpool, for Boston.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared May 8— Ship Ken
ilworth, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived May 9— Stmr W H
Kruger, hence May 8; echr Enterprise, henc*
May 6. In tow of stmr W H Kruger.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 9— Schr
Una. hence April 2S; schr Ida Schnauer, hence
April 27; schr Bangor. from San Diego.
Sailed May &— Br stmr Wyefleld. for Seattle;
Br ship Holywood, for Queenstown.
Arrived May i> — Schr Philippine, from Hong
kons.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 9— Nor stmr Thyra,
hence May 6: tug Monarch and barge Washou
gal. hence May S; bktn Araga, hence April 27.
EUREKA— Arrived May 9— Stmrs Pomona and
S*moa. hence May 8.
Sailed May 9— Stmr North Fork and schr Ida
McKay, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed May >— Stmr National
City, for San Francisco.
' SAN DIEGO-Sailed May 9— Ital ship Teocle.
for Port Blakeley.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May »— Br ship
Lanclnsr, from Port Garnble.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Wednesday. May 9.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Nopander, 54 hours from
Santa Cruz Island.
RETURNED.
Wednesday. May ».
Schr Eliza Miller. Christiansen, henco May
5 for Apia, put back to land a sick sailor.
ARRIVED.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
P Andersen. Rio Vista
G Hatch. Oakdale
F Parker, N Y
H P Shaugnessy, 8 J
T Claussen. Los Gatos
C C Nawman, Fresno
J King. Suisun
H B Smith, Fresno
Mrs Ball, Chicago
Miss Bell. Fresno
Dr C H Bell. Sacto
Mrs C O Hansen, Ner
W J Williams A w.
Chicago
Mrs Northern Ik t. Chi
cago
W Chinn, Vallejo
C M Carter, Fresno
PALACE HOTEL.
J Dunsmulr, B C
Mrs Dunsmulr. B C
J Marsh. Vallejo • ¦
Mrs Marsh. Vallejo
R E Pierce, San Jose
B Hartsall. N Y
Mrs L M Hayes. Cal
Miss V Piercy. Oakld
W B Peck, N Y
Mrs Peck. N Y
F F Fisher. Brooklyn
Mrs Fisher. Brooklyn
B A Levitt. N Y
J F Moore. N Y
T D Schloss. St Louis
Dr E C Bruce, LosAcg
J C Kirkpatrick. L A
S S Salsbury, Los Ang
W P Hawk*. Los Ang
W E Waddell. L Ang
F I Barnard. I> Ang
Mrs S Schwartz. L A
Miss Schwartz, L An*
Miss L Schwartz. L A
J A Halnes, Chicago
D E Skinner, Mich
Mrs Skinner. Mich
Dr F B Kellogigr, L A
Dr T G McCorkey, Cal
T C Stracham, Colo
Mrs Stracham, Colo
I W Patterson. Englnd
Mrs T Flint Jr. S Juan
C Klchenberg. Texas
W H Well. N Y
Mrs Elchenberg. Texas
B Meyer. Panama
E Schurman. C Amer
Mrs Schurman. C Am
A J Schener. N Y
Mrs C R Duval. N Y
C R Duval. N Y
H Scudder. St Louis
Mrs Scudder. St Louif
D W Ringsley, N Y
Mrs Ringsley. N Y
J C MeCalU N Y
E R Perkins. Phlla
Dr C 1, Gould. Cal
F H Morris. England
|J I.vwln. San Salvador
[A Oetling Jr. Hambrs;
jE Hockmeyer. Hambg
¦ E Hockmeyer. Hambrg
C B Kaufmann, Cal
R E Cranstay. Folsom
|W Drescher. Vlsalia
I Mrs Drescher, Vlsalia
|E Kendall. N T
Mrs Kendall. N Y
D O Pierce. N Y
G Canda. Cincinnati
l A L. Kegister. Phlla.
W" S Martin. S Mateo
I Mrs F S- Suranflr. Ky
i Mrs A P Spencer. Ky
|W S Hobart. 8 Msteo
'Mrs Hobart. S Mateo
C A Garcelon. Chlca;co
IW L Pepperman.Waah
H D Kercheval, Cal i
D W Burchard, S Jo«» !
H H Hunter, San Jose!
W H Mallory. Stktn !
J Mathenn. Sacto
R J Burnham. Cal
O P Temi>leton, Cal
A C Westtate, Cal
Mrs A A Beem.St Jonef
Mrs A C Mahan. St'
Jones ;
E W Fanderson. L. A!
W Sanderson, Loe Ang;
J E Manlove. Sacto j
H P Bender & w, Ba-'
kersfleld j
J B McCulIough. L. A!
C P Chandler. Denver
J C Champion, Ariz
M E Twombly. N Y
Mrs la V. M Morse.
Massachusetts
Mrs E G Case, Uklah
Mrs G L A Smith, Con
gress Springs
J Williams, Fresno
Mrs L^ntner, N Y
Miss Lentner. N Y
Miss L B Lentner, NY
B Dlckerson, Cal
J S SInkey. Ohio
E H Sinkey. Denver
Miss L Merley. Angrels
M Morgans, Angrels I,
L Morsrans, Angels j
R McNeil. Uklah
W H Montjomery. Cal
N P Crooks, Cal
A J Ross. Saeto
V O Wetherby. B.->«tc*n
W W Patterson, W«et
ley
II F Brown. Chicago
S Wilkinson & w. The
Dalles
H Youni A w. nurse
& child, Denver
Mrs M Harnay. Texan
Mrs G H Holt. C Am
Mrs E W Rice, C Am
MIm Rice. Nicaragua
Mrs N J Nlckpage,
Santa Rosa
J Plaetz. Syracuse
L R Thomas, Cal
T B Hill, Sacto
H K McLennan & w,
Sacramento
J D McGllvoy. Cal ;
R McNeil. Omaha
H R Sterne, San Jose
F J Brandon, San Jone
J P Jarman. 8an Jose
A L Hobbs, Fresno
S A Pond. Cal
S A Rantom, USMHS
Mrs J B Sanford. Cal
F M Smith. Berkeley
F M Smith. Berkeley
J U Smltn, Los Angeles
C Tlsdale, Alameda
J 11 Glide Jr. Sacto
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVATJS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10,. 19.00.
11
DIVIDEN/% notice— Dividend No. 15 (thirty
cents per v 1 ™) ot the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Con. ¦• jay will be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Thursday, May 10. 1300. Transfer books will
cloae on Saturday, May 6, 1900. at 12 o'clock
m. W. D. K. GIBSON.
Secretary pro tem.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 79 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be ¦ payable at the
offlce of the company, 327 Market St., on and
after Monday, May 21, 1300. Transfer- books
will close on Tuesday, May 16, 1900, at 3
o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary Pro Tem.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 9 (twenty-
five c?nts per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will he payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market St.. on and
after Tuesday, May 15, 1000. Transfer books
will close on Thursday, May 10, 1900. at 3
o'clock p. m.
\V. D. K. GIBSON, Secretary pro tem.
DIVIDEND XOTICKS.
DIVIDEND Notice— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY (Con.)— A dividend. No. 17, ? of
Seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany. 430 California st., San Francisco, on
May 10. 1900. Transfer books close May 3,
1900. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LKUAL A1>VUUT1SI£MISATS.
3IOXEV TO LOA>'.
ON rrai estate. 1st or 2nd mortcaKes, and on
'urniture or ris ! >°»: no removal: any amount-
lowest rates^BECKER & CO.. 2fi Montgomery.
AT t;« Cearar *t.. room 9. respectable private
pUEa to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rat**; take elevator. Telephone Davis 936.
OX furniture ar.d pianos without removal : quick
f n "»ce: . i.-.or.e>- direct; lowest interest. Rooms
C .-.nd C-. f^onohoe nulldlnt. IKO Market et.
LOANS rr.ede pa furniture at :>4 per cent^also
i°? n i,, !J Parted ;>eopl.». HARSUHARGEK.
-C3 Elan rt.. room sj.
"S^. 1 "; 1 " ! ' £n< " 1 salaried iwop'.* without «»curltv.
HILL. ;-n;. it. Merchants' Kxehnse, 431 Calif.
TO salaried people; without security: all bu*!-
ne.-.s . onnoenttal. Tousley Co.. S21 Parrctt r.'.g.
CASH loaned to salaried people on ncte without
ind^r^T. MORRKLL. 633 Examiner building.
ICO TO t^O.OQC: loTse.-t rates; j s t and 2d rcortK»T:
any proportion. DRYDEN, <15 Montgomery.
ON CSmltor^ pianos, without removal: no
corr.rr.'.sMon : private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF* ycur property !¦ :nortp»qed and you need
more money gee H. MURPHY. C39 Market st.
TO salaried men without collateral or indorser.
S. F. DlE.-our.t Agency. J<3 Phelan building.
MCSICAI, INSTRUMENTS^
aVCHOICB UST OF SWAPS.
«>mall upright; rceewood $35
Arto2; rcsewocd 100
"Weber: rosewood 1^
Klr.gsbury; mahogjany ISO
Btcril&ff; ebonized 200
Fterhnjr: -walnut i;5
Sterns*; larpe oak 245
Vore; walnut 250
Finest condition; warranted: very easy pay-
ments; piano* rented $3 up; tuning and cart-
age rea^or.aile. BEXJ. CURTAZ 4; SON.
16-lS-;o OFarrell st.. Curtaz bulldiTS*;. Chick-
ering Agency.
A6 *t represent tha> beet make of piano* 1b
««-ery grade, from Steinway down to lew-
priced makes, and as our Installment pay-
mer.ts are easier than those of other dealers,
wt are the people from whom you should
purchate; new upr'.jht planes. $5 cash, J6 per
month: other pianos $3. $4 and $5 per month
EHERMAN. CLAT & CO.. Steinway Dealers
cor. Kearr.y and Sutter »U.. San Francisco:
cor. Thirteenth aad Broadway, Oakland.
4 BIG BARGAINS FOR
? DAYS ONLY.
THE ZiEXO MATTVAIS MCSIC CO.
769 Market St.
ABSOLUTELT the oldest and largest house
vest cf Chicago !¦ KOHLER tt CHASE 1 "
«. :? aad 30 O T Farr*ll «t.: pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
•nd prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thirg pcss'.ble dene to pleas* and satisfy th*
customer.
$100. $150. $175. $C00 OR KZi will secure a good
r:ano— If ycu ccae now. MAUVAIS". 763
Market 1
DECKER & 6ON cr Packard. If you waat the
beet.
Decker £ 6oa or Packard beat all the rest.
' MAUVAIS*. 7€3 Market St.
JL BEAt'TIFUli Eteinway upright, forced sale.
and a handsome rosewood piano, $150. Room
12, Flood bulldlsg.
WILL cell for storage, cpneht. $50; Thos. Ball
riano. CO: A. B. Chase. Steinway and
others. MIL6ON*S STORAGE. 1710 Market.
A FTEINTVAT. $165: instalments $3. $S, $7, $10;
rests *2 up. HEINE?. 1S6 Ellis et.
$125— HLEGANT upright for sa!e or rent for $2.
S42 Ivearay st.
FCHilER & CO.. Byron Mauzy planes. SOS to
812 Post st.
A FEW days orJy— New pianos. $! '5 pef mo.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. S60 Hayes st.
GOOD Fischer; great bareaia. SCHMITZ, if
McAIllrter ?t.. next Hlbernia Bank.
FINE Fiaoher and Stelnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFE'R. 101S Van Nets ave.. cr. Oeary tt.
W. G. BADGER, 412 Sacramento et.. agent for
F'raneis Bacon and Hailett & Davis pianos.
ei/PHRI^R violins, tithcrs. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 1 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES— TO LET.
LaP.jE store, corner Berenth and Natoma;
Ufrd Ztt yra. as grocery and saloon; reasonable.
PALMISTRY.
M1.IE. Neergaard. Pres. £t. Germain Collee* of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 8. €TJ Geary, nr. Jones.
PERSONALS.
WILL eymyathetic lady open corresponaenct
with friendless ftranger 1 : Matrimony. GEN- :
TLEMAN. box TJi'i. Call office. |
ilR. PETER DONXLT. late chief officer cf tBe I
f'einier Irrawad3y will please call et once J
et 4£ Fteuart et. and return chip's logbook, '
T.*ANTEO-5Ub!« of race horses to train by I
a rsan with Z% years' experience; I took a I
*U»bl« cf race horses to England for Mr.
Carrbrock and -won several larg* purses. Ad-
cr**s P. H1CE. San Rafael. CaL
RAG carpets -wore to order and for sale: also
ches;ll»-«'ove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In i
carx-et twine. In hank or chain.' at lowett
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WING TUEN & CO.. 1115 Etocltton mU, wlsli to
announce \<i the public that accounts due
thtm ehould not be paid to YOUNG WING.
H* if r.c lor.ger In their employ.
SIX?? FKELPON. chiropodist asd business ad-
rloe. i.'Ji Market Ft., second floor, room 37.
FEIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' exp»ri<?rice. J. B. RAY, S57 Jersle st.
FULL-DRESS «nd other eults bourht: alss old
BoML PortlaM Loen Offlce, 25 Stockton ot. |
LADY with payimr business wishes to ro to |
Nome: reference*. Address box 1S46. CalL >
LEDERER uses'Quijitonica. Hair Tonls to make j
tht hair glotsy. 2Vr bottle, and Foarao Sham- |
poo i» cleanse the ecals. 5c pkg. 13 Stockton. ;
AMATEUR photograrh»rs— Save 60 j>tr cent by
having your work done at Rembrar.dt Stndlo.
Ij3 Market St.. cr. Ptacktoa: kodaks. 2^x3*9.
cnly iic; so charce for blank negatives; pro-
fessional advi-e Iree.
X.EDERER. th* popular balrdr«»«r: price only
l^c: no extra charge for fancy halrdresfinr;
has but or.e prlc* for plain or th« most elab-
orate coiffure*. Z23 Etotkfcon et.
ZiAJR quickly curled or waved by using Tal-
cott's Curllnj; Flulc; 25c bottle; druggists.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; confla-ntlai: secrets
inviolate. Address box 4S0. Call offlce.
JELECTRJC lirhts In every rwn: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 10« room:
rSc to S1H rxrr night; $1 t» t« tt per w^Jc: j
free 'bus ar.d baggage to and from the fer:y.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing hoc ght and 1
»old. Kilw-rman. ?S4 Folsom: teL Folsom 11JL j
fj PHOTOS for $2 per <Jo«*n "at FOWZEiTS.
33U Market rt.. near Taylor.
AN tlegant suit for $10 75 from lniportwl or do- j
rr.estic remnants L. LEMOS. 1UJ Market at. j
betmeeii Bevesth and Eighth.
CAST-OFF cloUiing. old gold and silver bought;
•end rxi«taX COI.EllAXS, W€ Kearnr «t.
KTA MXERINO corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. U15 Linden St.. Oakland.
IF ycu wish full \-alue for your cast-oft cloth-
!r.g call on B. Cchea. U7 Third; tel. Black 4123.
ALAf-'KA fur rarments. hoods, mitts, leather j
coats. IL M. HEIXEMAN. IW Banaome St.
A WEEK'S "news for 6 ceriU— Th* "Weekly CalL
It pagea- jr. wrapt**?, for mailing, tl per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
TVE loan kodaks free: photo supplies; Baekus
stuCIo 11 G^s-ry St.. rround floor.
PHYSICIANS AM) SUOGEO\8.
ER.'cr^cT^rDONICELL^Ofac* and r*s«4enee,
JOMV4 Market St.. b«t. 61xth and -Seventh.
CHRONIC <ilf>-a.»+n treated; cures guarant«-*4. j
DR. GORTJIN. ganiUrtum. 614 Plnq ft,
I3Q. STTAN'8 Rheumatism Cure, Jl; fre« to
!i",ir r\*ry Wedl «*3ay. t* Oeary st.
III2AL ilSTATK— CIVI— KOIl SA1.B.
KOL GETZ & BHOTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEAI>QUAKTKRE FOR PARK IX)Tfi.
tUA to :&0(>-€um.et lots; superb view of
<«L.ean; riadel and sewereS; easy installments.
Jla* to t900— Choicest Richmond lota; 119
$100 to $2j0— Level lots: n*ar Mission- «. car;
H monthly.
tCEO to J100^-4 end 5 rocm eettases In exed-
lent locations; near cars; payments same as
rent.
Call for Maps and Diagrama.
EOL GETZ £.- BiiOTHEK.
ROOM "A." CIIOCKEE BUILDING.
IS0O— At a sacrince; on account of bank fore-
ciocure; let ZCxlQO; lnjpro»-ements 2-story
house. 7 rooms, bath; south side Seventeenth.
t»et Howard and Mission. Apply R. Mc-
COLGAX. U Montgomery at., room S.
11' you have property north of the Park, or
Homer'* Addition and the Uission. that you
\\.-:i.t to dlsiiote of, then c«:i on W J.
Ol'.N'S, £30 California »t.
FOR eale at a h\g eacrific*— Income J125 per
month: business property: Howard St., bet.
i'.h and Sth. Apply Bew Drug Ox, Alameda.
LOT SWxlOO on Price et. and Second ave. in
Ui« Castle Tract. Inquire at KU lilatfon bt.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
POLK. 703— Nicely furnished parlor suite with
kitchen; rent reasonable.
POST) 418, near Powell— 2 or 3 gunny, com-
pletely furnished housekeeplnc rooms: rent
reasonable.
SCOTT. 1723— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; $S or. $10 month.
STEVENSON. 631—2 sunny clean furnished
housekeeping rooms; also cellar and yard.
TWELFTH, 12, near Market— Two rooms sult-
able for housekeeping:; rent $7.
TWO largre, sunny front rooms, kitchen nnd
bedroom, furnished rompVte for housekeeping;
furniture all new; $1 50 to $2 50 per week; two
different suites, difference in size. Apply at
shoe storo. C62 Mission, bet. Fin>t and Second.
WASHINGTON', l<m. con Powell— 2 sunny
rooms for housekeeping; running water; use
of bath. :
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSET^uT'sixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light, housekeeping; open all night.
A— "THE ELMER HOUSE." 21% Bush St.. ad-
joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices.
AT S27 Howard— Changed hands; respectable:
newly renovated; single, double and house-
keeping rooms: $1 ud.
BURNETT. 1426~Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave. — Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & office*.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let^ ,
FOLSOM. SS5, cor. 6th— (The Oliver)— Newly
furn. eunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
GEARY. 4?5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single: travelers accom' dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast comer Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission Bt.— Select
family rooming house: 11 50 to jl per week.
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
23c to $1 night; also housekeeping rooms.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window rcom. $1 per week; transient^
M1XNA. B14— Nicely furnished single and
double rooms, reasonable.
MISSION. 1220— Large sunny alcove room:
water, grate, gas; also single.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 22* — Nicely furnished, sunny
rooms; modern improvements.
POLK. 610— Two or three sunny front rooms;
gas range; modern; private family. ¦
POST 2»^FIae«t transient rooms In city;
phone Main 17C0; elevator; hot and cold water.
POWELL. 131— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
RINGOLD, 32-For one or two ladles: no other
j roomers. v
I ROSEDALE House. 319 & 321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
j nicrht. 2Jc to $1; week. $1 25 ta $4; open night.
ROYAL HOi"SE. 12G Ellis St.— Incandescent
lipht. reading mom. smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night. 85c to $1 50; week. $2
I to $S; month. JS to $20: elevator on office floor;'
i rooms v.lth hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished nnd unfurnished.
1 THF, OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
i for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
i THIRD. '•14 1 t. $6: 2 large unfurnished rooms;
j rear of harbor phop; side entrance.
! VAN NKSS ave.. 401B— One or two nicely fur-
' nl»lie<i ronm*; sunrry upper flat; modern and
' centrally located.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
i lenria ft.
I I 5
nOOMS AXD nOAIll).
NEW family hotel: first-class In all appolnt-
j m»nts; excellent table; special Inducements to
j tel<?it people. 807 California Ft., occupying
' oemer opposite Grace Church.
BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay — Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; $25 up.
I HOTEL CLAIRMONT. 613 Taylor— Renovated;
! euitep ar.d single rms. ; sunny: excellent table.
LAS PALMAS. l?20 Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath: s'.n. rms.: board optional.
SUNNY room, with board: gas; hot, cold water;
private family; nn children: gent only; $20;
references. Box 1S95, Call offlce.
VAN NESS ave.. SM4 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
hoard: furnished and unfurnished: $20. ;
ROOMS WAATED.
LADY desire* sunny room, rent $«, where she
can do light cooking. X.. 1036 Valencia st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SHAREHOLDERS, please take notice— Stock
of the Stanley Aerial Navigation Co. has ad-
vance.d to two ($2) dollars per share. Stanley
Aerial Navigation Co.. 21S Sansome st.
LADIES— Cbichefcter's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; eafe. reliable: take no other;
Ladles," in letter by return mall: at drug-
K'.tts. Chlcheiter Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Montgomery *t., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. |1 up*
painting done. Hirtman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency. 145 6th ; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, acid, exchanged, rented:
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Po»t at., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market st;
tel. South C35; packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. ?3?0 Fillmore »t. : nhone Jaokeon 2S1.
TO LEABli.
FOR rent— Fine dairy; 100 to 125 cows; In Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a money maker. For further partlcu-
! Jam arply to FRANK HICKMAN, 412 J at..
Sacramento.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITEJR&rWfl
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. £136 California, telephone Main 266.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
fSOO— FORECLOSURE: modern 4 room and bath
cottaxe: sunny side of street; I blocks from
station and school; terms flfiO cash, 310 per
month.
(19C0— New modern cottage; S roem* and
bath: etreet work, cement walk*, etc.. com-
plete: near station and school; $100 cash, $20
per month.
fl£SO c*»h— To clo«e an estate: worth $3900;
finest corner In Alameda: see this at one*.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3006;
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot; this la a snap.
H. P. MOREAL fc CO.. im ParV »t.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
berkelev real estates.
bargaTnmJargain' bargain"!
$1500— Lot 60x130, on north eide of good street,
convenient to Dwlghtway Ktatlont nice cot-
tage of 4 good roomB; bath; brick foundation;
hot and cold water; connected with sewer,
etc. i tmall cash payment only required; a
pretly home away below cost, H. D. IRWIN
Ix)rln station. /
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
$2800 NET— House 1 rooms, bath, all modern
conveniences: large barn, with driveway
flowers, etc.; close to schools, cars, etc.;
choice location; this la an exceptional offer;
mortgage $!200; terms. J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
MUST BE BOLD. ~ '
$2200; original cost $3599— House 7 rooms, bath;
in first-claFS order insida and out; lot 40x120;
driveway, and situated in the best residence
portion of the city; see the property: make an
offer; term? If desired. J. S. MYERS, 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
$106 CASH, $8 60 monthly, % acre, more or
less, S-room cottage, all picket fenced; shade
and fruit trees and shrubbery; fine spring,
also city water In the house; away from cold
winds and fog: close to steam local, electric
cars and model school: soil the very best;
price, all told. JSSO; Gallndo tract, Frultvale.
adjoining Oakland; call or send for circular;
455 Seventh et., near corner I>roadway. Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES. : Owner.
MODERN cottage: Elmhurst; big lot: Tniit
trees; stable; chicken- house: half block- to
cars; (1200; -easy terms. SALSBURT. .469
Ninth ist.. Oakland, pr MRS. WOOD, n* Mc-
Allister et., San Francisco.
fiENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan tt Gallagher),
FUNF.RAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
BAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA. ';
If deceased was a member of ANY ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, the charg* for I cremation, I a copper re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service la $30.
The same for members ot the family. ¦
GEORGE R. FLETCHER, Superintendent.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association,
MILL, VALLEY AND MOUNT TAUAU'AIS
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday,
April 22. 1900. via Eausallto Ferry. Week
days— Leava San Francisco. 9:39 a. m., 1:45 u
m. Sundays— Leavo San Francisco, 8 a. m..
0 a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m., 1:30 p. ru.. 2:30
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at th* Sau-
calito Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot.
foot of Market Bt., Ban Francisco. Fare,
round trip from San Francisco, |1 40l
This is the quickest running and most
iuxurious train across. the continent.
Coxkectixo Train Leaves Sa» Fr anciscoi
£ P.n. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2: 15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francisco at 5:50
FYDDFt^ P- m. with Palace and Tourist
r> a fi v C" 9 fot Kansas City, St. Loma,
DAILY Chicago and EasC
Local trains between StocVton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tulare da An
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
•fDISm SOON Market Street, fhone Main
"KldlU auurn 1531; Oakland, 1118 Broad-
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; San Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
T£ CHICAGO
DIED.
Bartlett. William B. Hoey, Lawrence
BlKhop, Homer L. Kennedy, Margaret
Boynton, Susan Leuder, Jean
Brommer, Henry Mawdsley, Edward
Cain, John Meagher. • Agnes L.
Cunningham. Thomas Meehan. Patrick
Darozario, Mary A. Morse. Theodor* O.
Dunn, May Nlbbe, Jacob
Estes, Emily A. O'Brien, Joseph P.
Foley, Michael J, Royce, Ann
Friedlander, Mrs. H. Pinner, Michael S.
Gallagher, James G. Schuemann. Fred
Graven, Agnen A, Hpencer, Georg<» 8,
Hall, Marl* K. ' Stanbrldare. Jessl«
Hamilton. Sarah Htewart. Mrs. Mary
Hardy, I^owell J. Urloste, Kmllia da
Healy, Elizabeth Zapf, Louisa W.
Hills, Jennie 11.
BARTLETT— In Ran Francisco Bay, Anrll 2S,
1900. William E. Bartintt. nephew of Mrs.
EHther C, Dunn, a native of Oakland. Cal..
uf.'i) 23 years 6 months and 6 days.
BISHOP— In this city, May 8, 1900, Homer L.,
beloved husband of Rhoda G. Bishop, and -non
of Rebecca and the late Lorenxo BiEhop, a
native of Nova Scotia, aged 46 years. A mem-
ber of Golden Gata Camp No. 64, Woodmen of
the World,
inTFrlends and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his lata resi-
dence, 315 Detroit street. Sunnysido, Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cenutery, r>y carriages.
BOYNTON— In this city, May 8, 1900, Susan
Boynton, beloved wife of Joplah Boynton, a
native of England, aged 67 years,
K7FTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
BROMMER— In this city. May 8, 13ft8, Henry
Brommrr, beloved husband of Jane Brommer,
and father of Mrs, Jennie Cunningham, MrB,
Mae Love and Robert M, Brommer, a native
of Germany, aged 64 years and 8 months,
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ths funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from hie late residence.
Bi8 Laguna street, Interment I, O, O, F,
Cemetery,
CAIN-In this city, May 7, 1900, John, beloved
husband of Jane Cain, and brother of Mrs
Margaret Sweeny, and stepfather of Mrs. Pat-
rick Comaekey, a native of County Sligo, Ire-
land, aged 53 yea re and 11 months,
m^The firheral will take nlace this day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, frc-m his late resi-
dence, 336 Thirteenth street, thence to 6t. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commen-
cins; at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. • ¦ ¦ ¦-
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, May 8, 1S08, at
his residence, 3S3 Dolores street, Thomas, be-
loved husband nt Mary A. Cunningham, and
beloved father of Mamie and Maggie Cun-
ningham,- a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
land aged tio years and 10 months.
[CyThe funeral will take place, this day
fTluirsday), at 8:30 o clock from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., i67 Mission street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
requiem hisrh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at. 9 o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767
Mission street. Kindly omit flowers:
DAROZARIO — In Baiisallto, Marin County,
Hay 8, 1000, Mary A., beloved daughter of
' Anton S. and Maria A. Darozarlo, and sister
of Mrs. Joseph F, Bouza, a native of St.
oeorge, Azores. Islands, Portugal, aged 15
years and 7 months.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MARRIED.
KJELSBERG — CHRISTOFFERSEN — In this
city, May 2. 1&00, by the Rev. O. Groensberg
Emil T. Kjelsberir and Agnes Chrlstoffergen.
McKEOWN-STUDEBAKBR-In tjiis city, May
9. 1900. at St. Paul's Church, by the rector.
Rev. W. M. Reilly, Scott A. McKeown and
Dorothy D. Studebaker.
THOMPSON— DEGN— In this city. May 5, 1900
by the Rev. O. Groensberjr, Charles C
Thompson and Matrreth« F. Degn.
BORN.
BOLDER— In this city. May 7. 1900. to th« wife
of John Boiler, a daughter.
HYDE— In this city. May 9. 1900, to ths wlfa of.
Walter S. Hyde, a daughter.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 1. 1900, .to ths
wife of N. E. Johnson, a daughter.
LAWSON— In this city. May 6, 1900, to the wife
of Charles F. Lawson, a eon.
LUN-SMANX— In this city. April 25. 1900. to the
wife of Charles H. Lunsmann, a son.
PAULSMEIER— In Alameda. May 6. 1900. to
the wife of A. C. Paulsmeler. a daughter.
PFARRER— In this city. May S. 1900, to the
wife of C. T. Pfarrer, a daughter.
SPAMER— In this city. April 28. 1900. to the
¦wife of J. A. Sparr.er, a eon.
SUIXIVAN— In this city. May 2. 1900, to the
wife of D. J. Sullivan, a son.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall -will not be, Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and. residence of per-
sons authorized to have the sam« published.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
MAEEIAQE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
John FrideKer, 30, Glen Ellen, and Carolina
C. Hnnsen. 33, Oakland.
Ausrust Bacifralupi. 34, city,. and Adellna San-
jruenettl, 19, city.
Charles J. Roberts, 27, Washington. D. C.,
and Katherlne A. Dolan, 27, Portland, Or.
NOTICE to contractors— Plans and specifica-
tions for the construction of a restraining
dam 1600 feet Ions. SO feet base, over Dry
Crefk, above Orovllle and Chlco road, can be
seen at th« offlce of the Cherokee mines,
Cherokee. Butte County, from May 7: bids
close May IS. L. J. HOHL, superintendent.
PROPOSALS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
San Francisco. State of California, Prolate.
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication of
time appointed for probate of will (C. C. P.,
etc. 13U3).— Notice Is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the 15th day of May, A. D. 1900. at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of 6ald court, at the
new City Hall, in the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
will of said ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the issuance to
It of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
Dated May 1. A. D. 1900.
WM. B. SHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
Intention to change principal place of busi-
ness—Notice is hereby given that In pursuance
to the written consent of more than two-
thirds (2-3) of the capital stock of the Ro-
¦wardennan Improvement Co.. a corporation.
creRted under the laws of the State of Cali-
.forr.la. which eaid written consent has been
obtained and filed in the offlce of said cor-
poration, it is the Intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
of Ben Lomond, In the county of Santa Cruz,
State of California, said removal or change
to take effect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of this notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. California, this 3d day of May, A. D.
1900. ROWARDENNAN . IMPROVEMENT
CO.. by B. DICKINSON, Secretary.
Powell street, near Post. Interment Cypress
L«wn Cemetery, by carriage.
CARD OF THANKS.
The widow and children of the late departed
Louis Marks, who expired suddenly on May
L . 0> . desIr « thank their many friends for
their kind expression of sympathy In their
hour of bereavement.
Mrs. Nancy Marks (widow). Mrs. H. B. Ad-
\V- , Lnile Marks. Florence Marks, Benjamin
Marks and I. I,. Marks.
CARD OF THANKS.
For the nbliKlriK offices rendered by kind
friends during th» last Illness or my dear
husband, Bernhardt Kdward Henrlksen. for
the condolence extended by them to- me in
my bereavement, and for the many beautiful
floral tributes nent In testimony of regard for
him whose loss I mourn, I d»sire to express
my sincere srratltude. Also. I desire to ex-
press my obligations to the fraternal and
other societies, in which my late husband
held membership, that attended and took part
in the services at his funeral.
ELLEN F. X. HENRIKSEN.
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOCTIIKRN rACiriC iOnPAMT.
(PAcm.o hvttkiO
mam nt %.%«•!•*««».
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
n»Tl — From Mat I. 1900. — «ihiti
•?:•** Benltfa, Suiinn, Elmira. VaeaTtUe.
RumseyaaU Sacramento *?:I3r
•?:••* SifMta Etrrf.M-Inm. Williams <for
BartUtt 8prisrt). Willows, Keti
Bluff. PnnUud. • SitSt
••7:30 » Mai tine*. Kan Kauion.V*llejo. Nap*,
<¦»!¦.<•( k -a »r..i h*ii:i» Rosa •8:1. 'If
•»:3<»4 Thn OTerlanri Li».i:c<t— «Jgden. D«n-
»er. OiBuha. Ctiirag.. »5:13»
•1:UO* Sati Jon. I.iiernmre, Ntuektnn,
Inue. Sarraiiieuco. ri.-.p- rti;i«\
SWrj»»i!!«\ Chico. Knl KlntT MtIS*
•»!»•* •Milton. Oakilalr. Chineie- (for To-
•emite). Ctonora, Gutrra Mrl.ip
•O:»l»« II H y w .ir im. Nilmaud \V*jr Stations. M 1:15*
•O:1M)a Davis, WoodUnd. KuigiiU Landing,
Marjatiile. Onxiile *7:l5p
•9:00* Atlantic K« press -O^cit and Eut '0:43a
•1T.OO* Lcs Anxelea Kipn «j — Mitrtlnex.
T.-.icy. l.»tiir<ni. Stockton. Merr-il
and Krenno # «:«.1p
•IO:OOa V»u. j... Kvrilne: »Md Way Station* *«:t.1r
•I I:OI>a Nilr\ Lirt-rmnrc, Stockton, !S»or»-
memo, Mendota, llmford. Vlialla. .
Porterti::« "ttlSp
M«:O«m najwarila. Xiiesand Vftj Station*. •*:t*r
M:«Or Hacrsmruro i:i>»r Kt*«im m t<l:OI»r
•3:«Or fUjwtrun. Nilrsand Way Stations. *3:«^p
•l:O»r Marline. Nan lUnion. Vallejo,
N^l>«. Ctlintog-a. hMiit* Uota •!*»! »»
'4iMf C ¦nicu. VacaTille. Hacr»mer.to,
\V«...i;.»i,il. Kultflita Landing,
M»rT"iU-. Oro.lIU M«:l"»»
•««a«r NUe* Sab Jnneand Btoektoo *7tl3p
•S:»«rThe Owl Limited— Tracy. Frenno.
Bakersaelil. Kangiia for Santa Bar-
bara, l/>c Anit-lr* ••:13a
•3:0Or Fresno Paxaenger— .\Urtin-s, Lath-
rop. Merced, Bereada (Raymond
for Tosemite). kraauo MStlSp
•5:1«r Xew jTlnan? tUprei»- ltakerafiald.
HanU llarliara, l.ns Angeles. Dem-
!&t. El Puo, New Orieaus and
Eut Mill*
•SiSOr Hanta Fa IConta— Atlaulic Expieag
forMoJate and Kaak > C:f^p
•C:OOp n«r»arj«. Minimi M»u Joa« »7s4W>A
tO:SUi- Vailfji. *ia:ISp
••iZOr Oriental Mail-Ogden. Cheyenn*.
Omaha, Chicago *9:43«
•«:5Op Oriental Mail— OgtJen. Denver,
Omaha. Chicago •4Ul.Tr
t?i*«p Vallojo. Fort I nstt and Way Sta-
tion*. )9tS3p
•S:«>1rOT«go»aod California Kxprea*. «»e-
mmeiitu, .Marjutllle, lte<Mlng,
IV.tlan.1. P.iuBt Mom..! ami rTaat »«»I3a
COin blTIKIOB (SamwCsM).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
:7:45a Santa. Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Station* ; m :*)3r
*S:l3AN«war!r.CenteMille,»arjJ<M«,r*lton,
Boulder Orrek, H»u t» Cruz and Waj
Stations ••i20p
t3:!3r Newark Csntervllle. Han .loia, New
Almad«n. Felton. limiMer Creek,
Hant» Cruz and Principal Way
Stations f Irti.iOt
•4:l-ir Newark, Han Jnae, Los Gatos *fline)*
q4i!3p Glen wood, Felton. Santa Crn» ««;3Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fttmiiS ratKCISCO— rnt *r Hirktt Strut (Slip J)—
•7:1» 900 11:00a.m. 11:53 •J:B3 t3:C3
M:CS !3:J3 •|:03f.n.
»r»m OmUJ-Mil if Brail. ij.— '6.00 8:00 13 M*.m.
112:03 «1:C3 »:C3 »3:C3 tt:33 *8:C3r.M.
COAST DITISIOS (Broad «a«r«).
(Third nnd Townveml SU.)
tO:l«A Oceau Viow. 8ontb Han Kranciaoo.. 1«2»« r
t*:OOA 8an Jom am) Way Sutlonn (New
Almaden Weilnesdaytonlj) *I:39p
t7:3O« 8nnd*f Eieanlon for Ban Jota,
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe and
Frinoipa! Way .Stations J*:J3p
*»:•«« Sail Joaa. Tiaa Itnea. Hanta Cruz.
PaeUo Grni*. Vi»o Koble*. San
, I.itl* Ol>i»|x>, 8urf. Lompoc and
Principal Way SUMom *4tl«r
•lr»:IO» Sao Jose and Way Station*. *<I:3.1a
•IIiXOa »anJo*9.Lo*Catos»»dWayStatlon* •3>30r
t»: I3r San Matro. Itedwcod. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Sant* Clara. Man Jvia.
Trea Pino*. Hauta Crux. Salinaa.
Monterey and Paelfie Orors ttft:X6i
t>:n«r San .Joaemd Way SUtlout *7s3»r
fl:l»p Sa!i.Io?f »n-l Principal W»y fiutinni • < J:l5i
f3:00p San Joae, Loa Gatoa and Pducipal
Way Stations tO-.ftA*
•3:3Or Sau Joasaad Principal Way Station* |W:3.1a,
•«::i«r San Jam >t»l WsyStatlona «*:•<»*
•ll:4Ap San Jose and Way Station* TiSO-
A for Morning. 1» for Afternoon.
•Dally. t Sunday etcepted. J Sunday only.
4 Saturday only.
a Sitnr l%y and Sunday. « Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESS3B
SAH FRANDiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ilfctiron Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
8 AN* FRAN CISCO TO BAN RAFAEi.
WEEK DATS— 7d0. »:00. H:0O a. m.; 12:35.
1:30. 5:11. 4:30 p. m. Thursdays—Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. fiaturdaya— Extra tries at l:iJ
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:C0. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:20.
»:0O. 8:30 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6.10. 7:10. »:». U:10 a. m.; 12:45.
1:40. (:1S p. in. Saturday!— Extra, trips at
1:EG and i:U d. m.
EUXDATS— 8:10. 3:4\ 11:10 a. m. : 1:49. 3:40.
S:05. «:2» V- m.
Between Saa Francisco and Bchuetiea Park
mat schedale a» above.
L*ar«* J In Effect. I ArrlT*
San Francisco. (Apr. 15, 1X0.] San Franc! scix
We-k I Bun- I I Sun- I Wee'* 1
Pays. | days, f Destination.) day. | Datya.
7:J0 am t:«0am N'ovato. 10:40 ami S :4O am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:C5 pmjlO:25 am
&:D pra 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:3a pmj 8:20 pm
Fulton.
1:30 am Windsor. 16:23 an>
Healdstrar?.
Ly-tton.
Oeyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:08 am Ctoverdale. 7:35 pm 6;M;a
T:l) ami I Boptand I [10:25 am
8:30 pml S:00 am[ and Uklah. | 7:33 pm| »:20 pm
7:30 am 110^3 ana
8:00 am GusrneTtTIs. 7:35 pra
3:30 pm »-^0 PH
1:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 aa
and
8:10 pm 8:00 pm Qlen Ellen. 8:05 pm 8:20 pro
7:80 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am!10:23 «m
3:80 pm| 5:00 pml 8«ba*topot. | 7:35 pm| «.-20 pra
Btae's co&neot at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and Whlta Sulphur Spring;*: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Sprtafs; at
G-yservllle for Skarss Sprlnes: at Cloverdal*
for th# Qeyners: at Hooland for Duncan
Sprinter Highland BprVgs. Kelseyvi'.le. Carls-
bad Spring-*, Soda Bar. Laieport and Eartlott
gprlnars; at tTklah for Vichy Bprtnss. Saratoga
Springs, Bra« LaXes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upp*r Lak*. Porno, Potter Va!l»7.
John Day*», Riverside. Llerleyi. BncfcnelV*.
Sanbedrln II«iehti. Hullvllle. Orr*a Hot
gprlngs. Mandoclno City. Fort Brag*. West-
corf t'aaJ. -Wllltts. LartooTllla. Cummins.
Ball's avriagm. Harris. Olaen'a. J>y*r. Bcotl»
and Enreka.
' Saturday to Monday round trr» tickets at
reduced rates.
• On Sunday round trip tickets to all potata
beyond San Rafael at half rates-
ticket of flee*. 6i0 Market St.. CHronlcl* bids,
H. C. WHITING. K. X. RTA2I,
' General Manarer. Gen. Pass. Agent.
HGRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing; April 23, 1900.
FROM BAN FKANCISCO TO MILL VA1LBT
ANttSAN R.%FAEL.
WEEK DAY8-:7:«Q. »3:S0. J:JO. H:0O a. m.i
13:45. »l:45. 3:15.. 4:15, •5:15. «:15. S:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on, Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 3:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. »S:00. n.Hl, 'M^. 11:00. U:»
a. m.; 12:45. »l:S0. 2:20. »2:45. 5:00. «:(». J;»
p. ro.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. '
Trains marked <•> ran to San Quentln.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO 8AV FRAXCISCO.
, WEZK DAYS— 6:35. '6:30. 7:50. 8:40. »10:15 a.
m.: 11:30. 1:15. 2:15. *i-J39. 4:20. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at »8:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:15. •»:«). »i:l0. 'll^a. m.; »1S:(»
IB.; 1:00. 2:15. 'S-.SO. 4:30. »5:45. «:45. 7:30. 18:*»
p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Qaentln.
1 FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:53. 8:45. 8:C0. 8:53. 10:JO a.
m.: U:S5. 1:*5. * : *5. S^". <:I0. 5:20 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:3) p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a, m. : 12O3L
1:20 J:SO. S:4i. 4:55. «:15. 7:05. 10:30 p. in.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:C0 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way- sta-
tions.
S:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way tta-
tions.
8:15 p. m. -weekdays (Saturdays ezespted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:C0 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta>
, tlor.s.
12:45 p. m. 8undays— Polct Reyes and way
stations.
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Loots
|O - to
i New York and New England Points.
I Finest thiouch train service, with poiita and
courteous employes. Stop-oft allowed at ta*>
Falls. BOSS C CU.NE, P. C. P. Agt.
Los Anssles. Cal.
i C. S. CRANE. O. P. Afct..
St. Louis. Mo.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O'J5XEAB>'YKT. Established
Id 1S34 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost AIaoh<x>d Dfbilityor
db»as««7eariagoiibodyaadmln(land
Skin Diseases. Ths doctor careswaen
ntberstalL Try him. Charge* lotv.
C'aiYi;nnriintrr<l. Call or writ.*.
UIBttX, Box 1937, Saa rtaafilaur
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
O. II. UMBSEN tt CO.; ~~~ "~ *""
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION. AUCTION. AUCTION.
AUCTION. AUCTION. AUCTION.
AUCTION. AUCTION. AUCTION.
AUCTION*. AUCTION. AUCTION.
At Oar Salesroom MONDAY. May 14th. 1900.
At 12 o'clock Noon.
Peremptory Sale.
The following piece to be offered without
.ln-.H or rea&ve: ltill Pacramento St., near Lar-
km: 2-fitory bay-window house of 11 rooms and
bath; brkk foundation, ctona walks, etc.; lot
i :;.«i.iis.
Executor's Sale.
The two following properties, subject to con-
firmation by the court:
No. L
1404. 1404 -i. UK and uov± Folsom at., 2S0 anS
284 Tenth et. ; store and 5 flats of 4. 6 and 7
rooms and hath each; rents $110 per month;
brick foundation; cement walk; both streets
accepted; lot 50x100 with L 25x25.
No. 2.
Fclsom st., NW. iine. near Tenth St.; choice
building lot ?7:Sx!M>.
Bryant-st. Investment.
E22 and r,32' a Bryant Ft., between Third and
Fouith; 2 flats if 5 and 6 rooms each; rents
K.°. street aoivpted; lot 2:.xS<\
Harrlet-Pt. Investment.
ZZL 33S x-A<i 340 Harriet «•!.. near Bryant: 6
fiats cf 3 rooms each; rents $»3 p«r month; brick
foundation; street accepted; lot 25xS0.
Welsh-st. investment.
38 Welsh St., near Fourth; 7 tenements of 3
rooms each; rents $51 53 per month; street ac-
cepted; lot 3«x&0.
Welsh-st. Investment.
SO Welsh st.. near Fourth; S flats cf * rooms
each; r»nts J14 per month; street accepted; lot
20x67 :S.
Administrator Pale.
154 and 15PA Silver st., between Thir« and
Fourth stf. ; 3 flats of 3. 4 and 4 rooms each;
rents $30 p*r month: street accepted; lot 22:6x
7s; subject to confirmation by the court.
P.eferee Sale.
32 Clara st.. near Fourth; 2-story house of 7
rooms; srrantf^d for two families; street ac-
cepted; let iix*£; subject to confirmation by the
court.
MisFlon-st. Business Property. ¦
2S3?, 2941 and 2043 Mission St.. near Twenty-
slxih; Improvements consist of I btores, 2 flats
and 2 houses: supplied by a good well of water
xkith windmill attachment; lot 65x115 to rear
alley.
Administrator Sale.
The two followlr.c properties, subject to con-
flr:«aticn ty the court.
No. I.
I04-C06 Chenery st.. r.erfr Falrmount: ! flats
j of 4 and 5 rooms each: rents $r0; lot 30x102. lr-
regrular. .
No. 2.
Chenery nt.. XW. litv. near Falrmount; build-
lug lot. 33:3x7:. irregular.
Foreclosure Sale.
170. 172, 17m Clinton Park, between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth. Valencia and Guerrero
6ta. ; 2 flats of 4 and 6 rooms; rents J21 per
month: lot 23x60.
For further part<culars apply at our office.
G. H. CMBSEX & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
Fine let? on the north fide of Fell St., facing
Golden Gate, Park, 25x100; very cheap.
A northwest corner, 25:14x100: both streets
bittuntnlzed: cannot he beat for Fun and choice
locality; faoine ihe Park Panhandle and on
the Ft-ll-yt. boulevard.
Only twolots loft; Z5xlO2:lis feet; street bitu-
m'.nized: cars at the comers: Golden Gate Park
Panhandle one-half block away; very cheap.
Conur 05 Hayes Ft., rlirht near Park Pan-
handle and Fell-st. boulevard; :5xlQ3:lH: cheap.
OFFER wanted— Lot :4:?xl25 feet on weet line
of Cartro st., between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth; business block. Arply A. M. SPECK
& CO.. 6*7 Market st.
WANTED — At once; Improved Income clty
| property; tISM to S50O0; for cash, at SPECK
«t CO.- 8. 667 Market st.
I MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices: plans and estimates furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELL, 1147 Mission St.
j SNAP for people moderate meajis: house of 2
flats, 4 rooms and hath each: Jones St.; rent
I J.J ruotth; no agents; JJ600. Inquire 30SA 10th.
JICOO— COTTAGE; 5 room?; barn; fine view;
near Hyde ani Lombard ets. B^x 444. Call.
RKAL ESTATE COC.NTRV For Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at ccce. as this
Is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range in size from 10 to
40 acres and now sold to Induce Immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
eeekers will never regret securing one of these
homes; r. j malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est In market: gocd society, good schools (in-
I eluding high schoo!); macadamized roads; 2
| railroad trains dally from San Francisco:
water for Irrigation when desired; superior to .
Southern California for raising all kinds of
cltru* fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
1 Ing Southern California experts; these lands,
with the euserior soils and all other advan-
¦ taxes, naaied. will be sold at price* far below
those 1 asked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable In excellence; there Is no more
Independent life than the small diversified
farmer's: the farms sold before th« panle
have become developed and are paying annu-
ally as much as $103 per acre; you can leave
E»n Francisco en S a. m. train, have J or 4
1 hours at EsDarto. and back to San Francisco
early the same evening: you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Kpparto. to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FIBKE. Woodland. Cal.
'¦ J1C0C— FINE TO-acre ranch: level garden land;
food house: barn full of hay. fine horse.
buggy; 100 chickens and farming tools, etc.;
I fare EOc: mile to station.
: Clearance wale; 50c on the Jl: 28 fine im-
| proved farms In prices ranging from J1000 to
j J20.000 each; they belong to a bank and are
ordered sold within sixty days at 4 appraised
J value; easy terms; freight to S. F. $1 a ton;
* fare 50c. Call for full printed d^scriDtlcn.
iVA— Nice lC-acre home, on R. It. : nice land;
come oak trees; nayaV>!» $10 a month.
WESTERN LAND CO.. 640 M:.rk-t «t.
i A SPLENDID stock farm of 6M acres near this
! cl*y «nd convenient t?> two towns. 8. P. R.
P... also Valley Road: Contra Costa County;
a choice piece of grass land: a portion farm-
ing: great abundance of runnlnr water and
many Fprlngs: fine residence; large barns and
outbuildings ; about 20 acres tn bearin* orch-
ard end vineyard: a complete rtock farm
and ld»al home: will carry 1» head of cattle;
price $20 per acre to close an estate; must b«
eold: !¦*<• it and make offer. H. II. CRANE.
fOI California rt.
BARGAIN: tAXA— ISO-acre. homestead: worth
t2C00; rie.a'- Fallnaa: 2 milea from largest
be»t-sugi>r factory In world and 2 railroads;
609 corda wood; team, wagon-house: beautiful
rtream water for lnisatlng alfalfa, v*&e-
tabies; good tar hops, poultry, fruit, bwte*.
honey. cummer home. Call at BlOVi Her-
mann st.
j J2759 — IJESIRABLE country home; 20 acre*
cbolcect fruit land;.16to almond and 5» select
j fruit trees 4 to 6 years old; new hard-finished
residence. l>arn and other buiMInes; excellent
! well of water; new windmill: good sohooi; de-
rirable neighborhood: by rail 1% hours from
San Francisco. .Apply 32 San Pablo ave..
Oakland. I
j UTK-;' ACRES sandy loam; all in full bearlnr
; assorted fruit; 1V-1- story, 7-room houee and
: basement; windmill, tank, fruithouse; chicken
houses. Incubator, brooder, horse, harness.
fcusry. plow, harrow, cultivator, small tools.
crop; all so with the place: 20 minutes' walk
| from postofflc*. GEO. C. YOUNG. PetaJuma.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of tht
im ranches on my EALE AND EXCHANGE
ll»t. N. D. BICKELS— the LAND AGENT—
{ 10 Geary «t.
', REbWOOD timber lands on Bis River, Mendo-
clno. :n lots to cult; 640 to 10,000 acres. For
particulars address P. ROTHERMEL, W7
JJailfornla st, -
MILL V*l!ey; house and lot cheap; en acsount
of departure. Box 429. Call offlce. '
ROOMS FOIl HOUSEKUEPIKG.
BUSH. LfQS—Fl«or of 3 roorruT/uidl bathTTurT
nUhfcd for housekeeping.
CLAY, 2421, near Fillmore— z Urge unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear: rent 17-
COn. McAllister. S24 Laguna— Handsomely fur-
nlshed large sur.ny front suite, fit; aliso mod-
ern fitting* for light hskp*. ; St. James.
EDDY, O4— Sunny corner suite, with kitchen,
ess etove, tcr hout-ekeeninir.
EDDY. 5-17— Pleasant, sunny, connecting house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; private res.
ELL13, tlS— 2 punny housekeeping rooms, well
furnished; plesear.t; convenient; also other
elegant rooms.
FIFTH. 34S— Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap.
FOLSOM. &S4— Large eunny furnished room for
light bkpg.: run'* water; bath; private; $1 25.
GEAKY. 813V— Furniehed or unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping; private family.
HARRISON. 725 — 4 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; bath; rent $16.
HAYES. 461— Flat. 6 rooms and bath; $37 60;
convenient fur doctor or lady in . business.
Call from 2 to 4 d. ra.
KEARNY. 104— Kront suite (2 unfurnished
rooms). J10; two front suites (4 rooms), $18.
KEARNV. 223, nrar Sutter— A front suite, $11;
ga*. janitor service free. Apply 15 Grant ave.
LEWIS. IS. oft Taylor, near Post— < unfurnished
eunny front rooms; $10. , ¦
MARKET, 1C2S— « rooms, furnished for house-
keeping. $10; 2 unfurnished, $6.
OAK, S4— Sun:iy furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
OAK. 119 — Sunny basement room;. furnished for
houcekeeping-; yard; separate entrance; J4. -
OCTAVIA. 1*03. corner Geary— Sunny furnished
room; mantel; kltcht-n; complete for house-
keeping; $11. . .
O'FARRELL., 742—3 nicely furnlHhed house-
keeping rooms; parlor floor, ttf, $20. ¦•
DUNN— In this city. May 8, 1900. May, beloved
daughter of John and Kate Dunn, and sister
of Joseph and Salley Dunn; a native of San
Francisco, aged 15 years 4 months and 8
days.
E?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing: at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ESTES-In this city. May S.1900, Emily Ade-
Iald. youngest child of Dr. and Mrs. M. B.
Estes. a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year S months and 3 days.
(CCremation private at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery."
FOLEY— In this city. May 9. 1900. at his resi-
dence, 14 Laskie street, off Mission, between
Eichth and Ninth. Michael J.. beloved hus-
band of Mamie Foley, father of Sllvestlo
Foley. and son of .Patrick Foley, a native of
Canada.
FRIEDLANDER— In this city. May 9. 1900,
Mrs. Hutda Friedlander, wife of Gustave
Friedlander. and mother of Mrs. Etta Muller
and Mitchell and Sam Friedlander. a native
of Posen. aged 65 years.
GALLAGHER — In this city, May 9. 1900,
James G., dearly beloved son of James E. and
Annie Gallagher, and beloved brother of Nel-
lie. HumDiM-y. Mae, Annie. Gertrude and
George Gallagher, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 15 years 6 months and 23 days.
ICThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
} of his parents, 1131 Treat avenue, between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth streets,
thence to St. Peter's Church. Alabama street.
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the reDOse of his soul, commencins at 10
o'clock. Interment private. Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
GRAVES— In North Berkeley, May 8, 1900, Ag-
nes A., beloved wife of F. Grave3, daughter of
Mrs. F. Kelly, and sister of Mamie. Frank,
John, Lulu. William and Georse Kelly, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 27 years 5 months
and I day.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock, at her late
residence. 2113 Vine street. North Berkeley. •
HALL— In this city. May 9, 1300. Maria E. Hall,
daughter of the late W. H. and Levinia Hall,
and filter of Sarah Marryatt, Bailey, Frank.
Bella and the late James Hall and Mrs. J. B.
Oberle, a native of San Francisco, a^ed 41
years and 3 days.
KyKrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services from her late resi-
dence, 823 Jackson street, to-morrow (Friday),
at 1 o'clock. ,
HAMILTON-Ih this city. May 8. 1900, Sarah
Hamilton (ne« Baumback), dearly beloved
wife of Ben Hamilton, and mother of James,
Thomas, William and Edward Hamilton, a
native of Scotland, aeed 37 years.
ET'Notiee of funeral hereafter. Remains at
parlors of Castagnetto & Delmonte, 643 Val-
lejo street, between Montgomery avenue and
Stockton street.
HARDY— In East Oakland. May 9. 1900. at 516
East Twenty-fourth street, Lowell James
Hardy, a native of Waltham, Mass., aged 82
years 10 months and 6 days.
HEALY— In this city. May 9. 1900. Elizabeth
Healy, beloved wife of Terence Healj', be-
loved mother of Mrs. Harry Anlxter and Flor-
ence and Charlotte Healy, and daughter of
Mrs. James Sweeny, a native of Boston,
Mass.. aged 37 years.
[?^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of the
Gantner & Guntz Undertaking- ComDany. 8
and 10 City Hall square. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
HILLS— In this city, May 9, 1900. Jennie H.
Hills, beloved daughter of C. E. and M. J.
Hills, and sister of Fannie, Helen. Charlie
and Georae Hills, a native of California, aged
1« years 11 months and 13 days. (Rockland
and Thomaston, Me., papers please copy.)
ETRemalns at the mortuary chapel or the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
HOBY— In this city. May 9. 1900. Lawrence, be-
loved son of the late Thomas and Ellsa Hoey,
and brother of John A., Joseph, Kate and
Jennie Hoey, Mrs. Jeremiah McCarthy and
the late Thomas Hoey. a native of New York,
aged 44 years.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 9. 1900, Jlar-
earet, beloved wife of the late Michael TCen-
nedy, and mother of Joseph and the late Mag-
gie Kennedy, a native of Philadelphia, aged
.45 years.
in?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church for services at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
LAUDER- In this city. May 8. 1900. Jean Lau-
der, widow of the late George Lauder, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged S4 years.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 121 Buena Vista avenue.
MAWDSLEY— In this city. May 8, 1900. Edward
Mawdsley, beloved son of William and Caro-
line Keller, and brother of George. Leland and
Evelyn Mawdsley and Charles Keller, a native
of San Francisco, aged 16 years 11 months and
21 days. -
ITT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 243 Thirteenth street, between
Mission and Howard. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. v ...
MEAGHER— In San Rafael. May 9. 1300, Agnes
Lilian, beloved daughter of James F. and
Julia A. Meagher. a native of fcSan Kranciaco.
C?"NoUi:e of- funeral hereafter.
MEEHAN— In this city. May 9. 1900. Patrick
Meehan, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
C7RTnain«i at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co. Notice of funeral hereafter. ">
MORSB-In this city. May 8. 1900. at St. Luke's
Hospital. Theodore G. Morse, a native of
Butte County. Cal.. aged 2S years.
NIBBE— In this city, May 8, 1900, Jacob Nlbbe,
beloved father ot Emma, Annie and Henry
Nibbe, a native of Germany, aged 71 years
and 11 months.
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence, 1719 Eddy street, between Scott and
Pierce. Interment private.
IOO. P.— To the officers and members of
Walhalla Rebekah Lodge No. 130, I. O. O. F. :
You are hereby reaueeted to assemble at I.
O. O. F. Hall. Market and Seventh streets,
this day (Thursday), at 1 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our late member, Jacob Nlbbe.
By order MRS. OENA HENCKEN. N. G.
MRS. T. LORENTZ, Fin. Sec.
O'BRIEN— In this city. May 9, 1900, Joseph
Patrick, beloved son of Patrick and Katie
O'Brien, and brother of Mary. Josephine- and
the lat* Thomas Joseph O'Brien, a native, of
San Francisco, aged 5 years and 4 days.
[£7Fi*end8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 122 Falrmount street, thence to
St. Paul's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
PINNER— In this city. May S, 1900, Michael S.,
beloved husband of Frances Pinner, and
father of Mrs. Abe Wolfe, Emanuel, Henry
A. Isidor, Ell. Ed. Jennie and^ Millie Pinner,
a native of Prussia, aged 75 years 9 months
and 23 days. (ChicaRO, Plttsburg, Pa.. New
York and Paterson, N. J.. please copy.)
UZTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), -at JO o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. Abe Wolfe. 963 Oak
street thence by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets to Cypress Lawn
Cemetery, where remains will be. placed In
vault temporarily. Permanent Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery.
ROYGE— In this city, May 8, 19C0. Ann Royce,
beloved mother of George, and Elsie Royce
and Mrs. Flossie Schnapper. a native of
County Tinperary, Ireland, aged S3 years.
ICFrienda and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 463A Tehama street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SCHUEMANN— In this city. May 9. 1900, Fred,
dearly beloved husband of Frederleke Schue-
mann father, of Freddie Schuemann. and
brother of Henry, John and Elise Schuemann.
Mrs H, Koster and Mrs. A. Atzeroth. a native
of Neumuneter. HoUtein. Germany, a*ed 47
years 3 months and 19 days. A member of
Pan Francisco Bchuetzem Verein. California
' Schuetzen Club. Marin County Schuetaen
Club San Francisco Baker Verein and
Morse I/>dre No. 257, I. O. O. P,
cyFriends and acquaintances era respect-
fuiiv invited to attend th<» funeral to-raorrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Bt Markus Ger-
man Evangelical Lutheran Church. O'Far-
rell street between Franklin and Gousrh. In-
terment I, O. O, F. Cemetery, Remains at
thP . narlork of H. F, Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth.
SPENCER— In Oakland, May S, 19H0, George S..
beloved husband of Mary Spencer, and father
of Willie and Georgio Spencer, a native of
California, aged 40 years and 28 days.
ITT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday) at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 615 Thirteenth street. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
¦ST^NBRIDGE— In this city. May 8, 1900, Jes-
sie beloved daughter of Charles Edwin Etan-
bri'dge and sister of Mrs. Evelyn A. Smyth
and Mrs. James McCartney, a native of 6an
Francisco, aeed 20 years 11 months and 15
a ) r4 : Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Thursday), at 10
o'clock from the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2429 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
STEWART— In this city, May 7, 1900. Mrs.
Mary Ann du Plaunty Stewart, beloved
mother of Mrs. Rosa Byers. and grandmother
of Frank and Embree- Byers and Mrs. J, B.
Llbby, a native of St. Lawrence County, N.
Y azed 104 years 11 months and 22 days.
Cr Intimate friends are respectfully invited
to attend the' funeral this day (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
URIOSTE— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrate*! at 10 o'clock to-morrow
(Friday), in the Spanish Church, Broadway
and Mason street, for the repose of the soul
of Emilia de Urloste. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfujly invited to attend. . •
ZAPF— In this city, May 8,- 1900. Louisa VT.,
beloved wife of Charles F. Zapf, a native of
Belolt, Wl«,, aged 22 years 5 months' and 16
days. A member of \ Modern Trojans.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are" respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday). - at - 1 O'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, 405
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.The Auditor finally decided yesterday
that ho would decline to audit any de
mands on the Hall of Justice building.
He says he will hold up the construction
fund of $300,000 until the sub-contractors
have settled with Bateman Brothers, who
held the original contract! This will de
lay the completion of the building for an
indefinite period.
Will Pass No More Demands.
Committee on Investigation.
State Senators Frank Leavitt of Ala
meda. C. M. Shortrldge of Santa Clara
and Porter Ashe of San Francisco will
leave the city for Sacramento to-day and
immediately upon their arrival at the
capital begin an official investigation of
the affairs of the State Printing Office.
A resolution authorizing a committee to
make the investigation was adopted in
the Senate at the last regular session of
the Legislature.
Entitled to Sick Benefits.
Judge Hebbard handed down a decision
yesterday in favor of Catherine Schou.
administratrix of the estate of the late
P. J. Schou,. and against Sotoyome Tribe
No. 12, Improved Order of Red Men, In
which the defendant was ordered to pay
plaintiff the sura of $401. accrued sick bene
fits. Schou waa adjudged Insane Septem
ber 4. 1K>7. and the defendant refused to
pay the benefit on the ground that Schou' s
incapacity was the result of his own acts.
Fire Department Changes.
At the Fire Commissioners' meeting
yesterday morning a communication from
the ClvJl Service Commissioners stating
that in future temporary appointments in
the department would only hold good for
thirty days instead of sixty days, as here
tofore, was read.
David Casey of engine 9 sent In his res
ignation. It was accepted. William Mur
ray of engine 17 handed his badge a few
¦•Jays ago to Lieutenant Nicholson with the
remark. "I quit." That was taken as a
resignation by the board, and William
O'Farrell of engine 35 was transferred to
engine 17 to fill the vacancy. Joseph
Clancy, truckman of truck 8, pleaded
guilty to a charge of being intoxicated
while on duty. Sentence was postponed
until Saturday. '
The captains of Engine Company 22 and
Truck Company 5 are of a musical dispo
sition and yesterday they asked permis
sion from the board to place a piano at
each of their headquarters. The request
was granted.
A resolution providing that 150 badges
would b«» issued after July 1, each appli
cant to satisfy the board as to his rea
son for having a badge, was passed.
Newspapers will each be supplied with
two badges free, and for every additional
one a deposit of $1. returnable on giving
up the badge, will be exacted.
Testifies That the Senator Was Under
His Treatment on Several Dis
puted Dates.
Dr. Dudley Tait, who for many months
prior to Senator Fair's death treated the
deceased millionaire for his many ills, was
a witness for the defense in the Craven-
Fair trial yesterday. Dr. Tait testified to
having treated Senator Fair and was
called upon to give evidence that the mlll
ionairie was confined to his sick bed and
at other times was unable to leave his
home on dates which Mrs. Craven-Fair
testified he was out and well.
Dr. Tait was led through a mass of
days and dates and diseases. After a brief
cross-examination he gave way to Hand
writing Expert Kytka. Kytka took up the
examination of the enlarged signatures
taken from many checks signed "by Sena
tor Fair. He pointed out variances be
tween the many signatures and concluded
by reiterating his statement that all of
the documents presented by Mrs. Craven-
Fair were forgeries. The case goes on
again to-day.
DR. TAIT A WITNESS IN
THE FAIR-CRAVEN CASE
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Gertrude Bennett from Clayton
Bennett for neglect; Kate S.Louttlt from
James A. Louttlt for desertion; Enoch F.
Williams from Estella H.. Williams for
desertion, and Mary H. Lacoste from
John F. Lacoste for desertion.
Suits for divorce have , been filed by
Catherine E. Burns against William A
Burns on the ground of cruelty; Mrs g'
S. Sargent against B. C. Sargent, failure
to provide: Rose Sparber against Harry
Sparber. cruelty and Clara E. Thompson
against Samuel Thompson, failure to pro
vide. ....
In the Divorce Court.
By June 1 every pair of shoes on hand
which were affected by the railway colli
sion will have to be sold. To-morrow
(Friday) there will be on sale 900 pairs
ladies', flne kid shoes, tan or black, all
sizes ajid styles, for $1 45. worth from $3 to
$5 a pair. These goods are In good con
dition and a big lot of them are now beln«*
exhibited in the show window. The
Standard* 1029 Market st., bet. 6th and 7th •
Miniature Kopje on Exhibition.
Claims He Won the Prize.
In a suit brought in the Justices' Court
yesterday by J. F. Rose-Soley against
the Evening ? Post' Publishing: Company
Keeping Out the Japs.
TTnited States Imieratlon Commissioner
JTorth denied a landinp yesterday to
twenty-nine Japanese immigrants on the
ground that they were contract laborers.
During the month of April he denied
landing to ninety-four immigrants of all
nationalities; fifiy-eipht appeals were dis
missed by the National Immigration Com
missioner and fcrty-six immigrants were
returned.
A Bankrupt Complication.
¦Warren R. Porter, trustee of the estate
ct N. Banaz, bankrupt, brought suit yes
terday in the United States District Court
apair.'st Nick N. Banaz. Luke Scurich, Ju
lius Le<? and Hubert C. Wyckoff to re
strain them Trom prosecutinp two ac
tions In the Superior Court of Santa Cruz
County against Porter for the recover)' of
T*»al and personal property of the bank
rupt's estate.
Thistle Club Celebration.
The committee recently appointed to ax
range for the annual picnic of the Scot
tish Thistle Club met last nlgrht and elect
ed John Ross chairman and George W.
Patterson secretary. It was decided to
hold the outing at Shell Mound Park on
July 4. The finance committee is as fol
lows: Thomas Christie, chairman; James
Lawrence. Robert H. Murray and Peter
D. Findlay.
Attorney A. S. Newburg, who has a
certain practice in tho Police courts, pro
poses to institute quo warranto proceed
ings In the Superior Court to oust Chief of
Police Sullivan from office on the ground
tnat, according to the charter provisions,
he was too old to be appointed Chief of
Police. Many Kngllsh and American de
cisions seem to give force to the attor
ney's interpretation of the charter. Upon
these Newburg is preparing an elaborate
brief, which he will offer in support of
the petition he Bays he will file. .
Under article VIII of the charter, creat
ing the Police Department and explaining
its duties,- section 1 of chapter I reads as
follows: "The Police Department shall
consist of a' Board of Police Commission
ers, a Chief of Police, a police force anil
of such clerks and employes as shall be
necessary to carry into effect the provis
ions of this article." Section 3 of the
same chapter provides that "Every ap
pointee to the department shall not be
less than 21 nor more than 35 years of
age, etc."
Attorney Newburg assumes that the
word "department" is used In the same
sense in ooth sections, so that the age
limit of appointees applies to the Chief of
Police of the department as much as to
tne members of nis force. Chief Sullivan
was 43 years old at the time of his ap
pointment, if the records are correct, and
therefore, from Attorney Newburg's point
of view, was ineligible to the omce. By
similar reasoning tne Police Commission
ers tnem«eives are In danger of removal.
The case will stand or fail upon the way
in which the court interprets the meaning
of the term "department." Black on "In
terpretations of Laws" says that "Where
tne same language is used repeatedly in a
statute in the same connection, it Is pre
sumed to bear the same meaning through
out the act." Black further-says upon the
same subject: "If the language of the
statute is plain and free from ambiguity,
and expresses a single,' definite and sensi
ble meaning, that the meaning Is pre
sumed conclusively to be the meaning
which the Legislature intended to convey.
In other words, the statute must be In
terpreted literally. Even though the
court should be convinced that some other
meaning was really intended by -the law
itnaklng power, ana even though the lit
eral interpretation should defeat the very
purposes of the enactment, still the ex
plicit declaration of the Legislature Is tho
law, and the courts must not depart
from it." ¦
Attorney Newburg has a number of de
cisions from Kngllsh and American re
ports bearing on tne same matter and. he
says that he has been unable thus far to
find any that oppose the views expressed
by Black. \ In Woodbury vs. Berry; 18
Ohio State, the court says: "We are sat
isfied by. considerations outside .of . the
language that the Legislature intended to
enact something very different from what
it did enact, but it did not carry out its
intention, and we cannot take the will 'for
the deed. It Is our legitimate tunction to
interpret legislation, but not to supply Its
omissions." ¦ : ¦• •
' There are many cases In the California
decisions- that bear directly upon this
point. Notable among them is that of
Judge Wallace, in 41 Cal.*, 147. in which
he says: "Questions, too, which regard
the mere policy of the statute, inquiries
as to whether it is in itself a wise law;
whetner its anticipated operation will be
to promote or to retard the true prosper
ity-of; the people, are not for us to con
sider; • ¦ • ¦ • except we overleap the bar
riers by which the limits of our rightful
authority are plainly denned."
Attorney Newburg admits that all
through the article. creating and defining
the duties of the police the words "depart
ment", and /'force"' are used indiscrimi
nately, .but contends that the use of tho
words in the opening, chapter must deter
mine their use in the ¦ remainder of th<?
article,; and that- there can be no mistak
ing the fact that the word "department."
as used there. Includes the Commission
ers, Chief, policemen and clerical force.
According to his view the Commissioners
might be ousted from office for the same
reason— because they were appointed after
they had passed the acre limit.
The method of procedure in getting tlv?
matter into the courts will be. to secure
the ' permission of the Attorney General
to file a petition in the name of the State
against Chief Sullivan, charging that he
Is unrightfully in the office. The Chief will
then have to prove -that there is nothing
in the charges, the burden of proof falling
upon him. •
Expects a Visit From McKinley.
The Ohio Society of California met last
night at Red Men's Hall. 320 Post street.
The committee on transportation reported
that the railroad \ companies had agreed
to run excursion trains to this city at the
time of the launching of the battleship
Ohio at a cheap rate. J. P. Jackson, pres
ident of the society, declared that It was
the Intention of President McKinley to be
present at the launching if there were
no further postponement. No definite
time has been set for the event.
Making Preparations to Establish ah
Industrial Department for
the Orphans.
At the morning session of the California
Assembly of the Rebekahs yesterday
there was on interesting address by Grand
Representative Drew on the advancement
of women. He went back to the time
when women were suffered to attend
church meetings, but were not permitted
to utter a word. He then spoke of the
progress that women have made in the
past quarter of the century, saying:
"Why, they are In almost every associa
tion now, and woman even seeks to run
the government of the United States— and
she will if George Dewey is elected."
Mr. Williams of Brooklyn Lodge pre
sented to the assembly a fine set of
gavels. In addition the assembly re
ceived a check for $100 from the jubilee
committee, it being part of the surplus.
This amount is to be expended for the or
phans' home.
A considerable portion of the 'day was
spent in the discussion of a plan to es
tablish an industrial department at the
home, the same to be maintained by vol
untarv contributions. During the discus
sion there were a number of contributions
from lodges, through their representa
tives, for the purpose named. In a short
time $100 was placed on the secretary's
desk.
Tlrrje is also a proposition to establish
a hospital ward at the home, which will
require an outlay of $10JO.
Last nipht the ritualistic work of the
order was exemplified by a team from
Oriental Lodge in Memorial Hall . of the
Odd l'ellows' building.
An association of past presidents of the
assembly, of which there are now eight,
was formed for the purpose of keeping
In touch with each other in the
future and having a eocie.1 re
union twice a year. Gertrude More
lanri of San. Jose was chosen president.
Man A. Hawley of this city vice presi
dent. Kannie Benjamin of Los Angeles
secretary, Olive Allen of Santa Rosa
The Veteran Rebekahs' Association in-
Stalled Its officers last night and then en
joyed a banquet.
REBEKAHS IN STATE
ASSEMBLY SESSION
ODD FELLOWS DISCUSS
THE THERMALITO HOME
An Executive Session of the Grand
Lodge — Degrees Conferred, by
Three Teams.
At 15 o'clock yesterday morning the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows assembled, and after hearing
tne Journal retul went into executive ses
eicn for the purpose of considering the re
port of the grand master, so far as it
applied to the home at Thermalito. The
discussion took a wide range. The speak
ers were: E. Brunner, G. L.. Johnson. G.
H. Morrison. Grand Master Bonynge. J.
Crosbin. L.. L. Alexander. M. T. Moses,
a. F. Jones and others. At adjournment
no conclusion had been reached.
In the evening there was an exemplifi
cation of the Initiatory degree by a team
from Los Angeles Lodge. This was fol
lowed by the conferring of the first de
gree by a team from California Lodge cf
this city, and then of the second dejrv<-e
bv a team from Harbor View Lodge of
"VVest Oakland.
the allegation Is made that the newspaper
Is Indebted to the plaintiff in the sum of
$100 for a written article on the subject,
"The Government of Our Insular Posses
sions." In November, 1S98, the defendant
offered a prize of $100 for the best essay
on the subiect mentioned. Rose-Soley
claims that his essay was the best of all
of those submitted, but the Post has re
fused to award him the prize. Rose-Soley
says he has a certain literary reputation
and that he was injured in the sum of $99
because the Post circulated the fact that
another person was entitled to the prize.
• It seems as if that "raw Job" in regard
to the Howard-street wharf, now build-
Ing, would never down. A story became
current yesterday on the front that when
the committee of lumber dealers was ap
pointed to pass on the quality of the lum
ber being used in the cylinders the mem
bers were not tolu that they were to de
termine whether or not it was In accord
ance with the specifications prepared by
Chief Engineer Holmes, who had loudly
proclaimed that he wanted that point set
tled.
"Nobody asked us whether the lumber
was in accordance with tho specifica
tions," said Robert L. Taylor, manager
for Renton, Holmes & Co., and a member
of the committee, when seen yesterday.
"The only question asked us was If it
was merchantable lumber. We found
that most of It was, though about o per
cent of that on the bulkhead was totally
unfit for use. This the foreman told us
he did not Intend to use. No, we didn't
see the lumber under the water.
"The lumber used was certainly not In
accordance with the specifications. These
were drawn up In a very stup.d manner
and no one could tell just what they
meant. Contractors would probably
have thought ship planks were required.
"The fact that one firm might 'guess' "
—Mr. Taylor used the word "guess" with
significant deliberation — "that cheap lum
ber could be used would certainly place
other firms wishing to bid at a disadvan
tage. Thus a great Injustice was proba
bly done in the letting of this contract.
I don't blame the contractors for being
angry and disgusted.
"In future the Harbor Commission
should have specifications drawn up
clearly and intelligibly; then there would
be no room for criticism."
Scandal Connected With the
Building of Howard Dock
Will Not Down.
WERE NOT ASKED
TO PASS ON THE
SPECIFICATIONS
Whether or not the arbitrary action
taken by Governor Gage shortly after ha
ascended his throne creating vacancies on
the staff of notaries public, that he might
divide these small plums up among those
of his faithful followers who were not
over exacting in their choice of offices,
was legal or n«t will be decided in the
near future. Suit was filed yesterday In
the Superior Court of this city by F. V.
Kaseeing against Recorder Godchaux
with this as one of two objects. In his
complaint Kaseeing demands a 'writ of
mandate to compel Recorder Godchaux
to record a deed to property in the West
ern Addition which was attested before
Notary J. N. Turner, whose office was de
clared vacant by Governor Gage. The
deed In question was attested before Xo
tary Turner subsequent to Gage's arbi
trary action removing him, and God
chaux refused to record the same on the
ground that it was illegal. Whether or
not such is the case will be determined
in the suit now on tile.
It Is the consensus of opinion among
lawyers of this State that Gage .did not
have the right to remove at least twelve
notaries public, whose positions he de
clared forfeited. Shortly after Gage oc
casioned a stir by revoking the commis
sions of these notaries public in order to
learn as to the power of the Governor to
make such removals inquiries were made
of Attorney General Tirey L. Ford as to
the law in the matter. Mr. Ford and Dep
uty Abbott searched the statutes and
found that -prior to 1893 notaries public
were appointed for four years. The Legis
lature of 1893 amended the statutes and
omitted to fix the term for this class of
officials. In 1SS9 the law was again amend
ed, restoring the four year term. The
Attorney General summed up his conclu
sions as follows:
Section 793 of the Political Code would be
made to read: "The term of office of a notary
public is four years from and after the date
of his commission." I am therefore of the
opinion that the office of a notary public, ap
pointed after the act of 1893 went into effect
and before the act of 1899 took effect. Is held
at the pleasure of the appointing power, namely,
the Governor, and that section 1793 of the Po
litical Code does not apply to notaries public
so aDPointed, but to those only who were ap
pointed after the act of 1899 took effect.
Differing from this opinion is one sub
sequently given out by former Attorney
General Fitzgerald and this opinion is
backed by the majority of the bar. At
torney William Denman said last
evening that In his mind there
was no doubt as to the Illegal
ity of the action taken ' by Governor
Gage in arbitrarily removing the notaries
public referred to. He also said that It
was plain that no matter which way the
opinion of the court leaned it would lead
to great confusion. Some of these nota
ries public who were removed have since
the revocation of their commissions been
taking depositions, attesting deeds and
engaging In the general duties that attach
to the offices in question, while those ap
pointed to nil the vacancies have been
similarly engaged. When the opinion of
the court is nanded down the acts of one
class or the other will be decreed Invalid.
Then will come the scramble to straighten
the record of various suits and actions in
which some member of the unfortunate
or rather illegal . class has figured, and
great confusion will be the result. . •
Following are names of Ban Francisco
notaries appointed by Gage and those re
moved by nlm to make places for the new
appointees: "Mrs. N. E.- W. Smith, vice
Samuel Newman; W. B. Benchley, vice
William Denman; F. C. Mosebach, vice
Thomas S. Burns: Alfred C. Goldner, vice
J. J. Kerrigan: Charles H.- Phillips,; vice
John P. Cashln; Martin Aransohn, vice
R. D. McElroy: James L. King, vice P. F.
"Walsh: Henry S. Foote, vice A. J. Henry:
John P. Cashln, vice J. H. Turner: H. O.
Beatty, vice Howard Herrln;- Charles Mu
sans, vice Emile Pohll; J. Ralph Wilson,
vice James Mason; James Mason, vice R.
V. Whiting; R. B. Treat, vice George A.
Young; R. D. McElroy, vice Henry M.
McGill: Thomas S. Burns, vice H. B. Mad
dtson; also A. J. Henry, vice Charles H.
Phillips, resigned.
Suit Piled to Test Legality
of Action Taken by the
Governor.
GAGE'S REMOVAL
OF NOTABLES IS
NOW QUESTIONED
Claims His Appointment Was
in Violation of the
Charter.
NEWBURG SEEKS
TO OUST POLICE
CHIEF SULLIVAN
OUR EXHIBIT ATTHE PARIS EXPOSITION.
DELEGATES to the Republican
State Convention will assemble at
Sacramrnto next Tuesday to se
lect four delegates at large to rep
resent California in the national conven
tion called to meet In Philadelphia June
19, UOO.
It Is Important that a man of charac.
te:r. Independence and Integrity should be
chosen for chairman of the State conven
tion. According to the provisions of the )
official call, the convention must elect a i
State Central Committee. The power of |
appointing an executive committee for
constant duty in the management of the
campaign may be delegated to the chair
man of the convention. Delegates to the !
convention, and especially those from the j
Interior, shouM be on their guard against !
committiry; llu I ill 111 ¦ in advance to the j
Fupport of any programme candidate for ;
the chairmanship. Agents of the South- |
em Pacific's political bureau work under j
cover, but they are not always able to i
conceal traces of their work. Perhaps j
they may present to the delegates the
name of a popular man who possesses
tr.ar.y of the abilities of the Ideal presid- >
Ing officer, but the delegates should de- ]
mand more than parliamentary ekill.
It is known that the political agents of i
Herrin In San Francisco are working dili- j
freittly and with as much secrecy as pos
eible in the preparation of a programme
to control the organization of the conven
tion. It is not absolutely essential that
the chairman should rank high as a. pub
lic speaker and presiding officer. It Is
much mere essential that he should have i
•he firmness and integrity to cast aside
a railroad programme In the selection of
an executive committee. If the duties of
presiding over the convention should be- j
come too exacting he could call to his
assistance the ekiil of a trained man. The
chairman should be a man tried and true
— one In mhorn the votes of the party
throughout the State would have supreme
confidence. He should be placed on
sruard to protect the party from the dan
ger of corporate interference.
The Examiner has placod Moses Gunst j
In the field as a candidate for delegate i
from the Fourth Congressional District I
to the Republican national convention. A_s j
Moses Guast is a Deznocrat, the Demo
crats, perhaps, should rally to his sup- !
port. It is peculiarly appropriate that the j
Kxarriner should bring out Gunst, and so
reward the ex-Police Commissioner for
cervices rendered in advancing and pro
tecting the interests of Ksola. "When the
delegates of the Fourth Congressional i
District assemble they may decide to send j
a delegation of Republicans to the na- ¦
tional convention.
A Republican primary election to select i
delegates to the State and district con
ventions will be held to-day in the Fourth I
OongTC-ssional District. Tho polls will j
open at 7 a. m. and close at 2 p. m. A |
large vote Is not expected, as there Is no
contest to ppeak of for delegates to the
Control of the Executive Committee Is Desired.
Republican Primary Election To-Day in
Fourth Congressional District.
national convention. It Is well known
that President McKlnley will be renoml
nateJ and re-elected, hence the Philadel
phia convention ¦will possess the charac
ter of an immense ratification meeting-
Assembly district tickets were filed last
evening with the secretary or the com
mittee, P. II. Prendergast. The following
delegates have been nominated:
E*I*frates at large— Joseph S. Spear Jr., Ed
J. Smith. Oeorgre Alpers, frank Koegel. D. D.
Sullivan, E. V. Eddy. Jeremiah Sullivan, Theo
dore Loastedt, Dr. D. D. Lustlg:, Charles Sonn
tatr, Frank Marlni.
Twenty-eitrhth Assembly District— Jacob Levl
Jr., W. H. Xolan. James H. Daley, Harry Ixiy.
Twenty-ninth Assembly District— R. H. Wil
liams. Alfred Broyer, James Dhue, John T.
Ulake.
Thirtieth Assembly District— J. Roach, James
Giileran, W. J. Babbitt and P. E. Johnson.
Thirty-flrft Assembly District— M. J. McDon
nell. William Offermann, J. Mullally. William
Hart.
Thirty-second Assembly District— C. B. Rode,
Georire Wimmer, J. O'Shea.
Thirty-third Assembly District— James F.
Kelly. L. A. Cull. P. J. Mahcney, Charles Mp-
Murrer. J. F. Williams.
Thirty-ninth Assembly District— D. L. Farns
¦worth. William H. Pratt. William T. Kibbler,
Alex Simon. T. J. Morton, S. Levy.
Forty-second Assembly District— Charles A.
McLftin, J. M. Chrietlen. William Gallagher, A.
llecker. Georce A. Hoyd.
Forty-third .Assembly District— Martin Brady,
Gaston Straus. William Lyon. Emlle Somps.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— William
Fitzperald. J. Tonnlnfrsen. Jules Godeau. Peter
Johnson, E. C. Kalben.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— C. R. Evans.
S. J. Robertson. D. McCullough.
The printed tickets for each Assembly
district contain the names of candidates
for the Fourth Congressional District Re
publican Convention and an Introductory
paragraph, as follows:
Vote for Congressional committee to consist
of eighteen members, to be known as tho
Fourth Congressional District Republican Com
mittee of the State of California. Said com
mittee to have full charge and control of party
aJTalrs therein, and ¦whose term of office shall
expire upon the 1st day of July in the year
A. D. 1304. Candidates: Joseph S. Spear Jr.. P.
H. Prendergast, A. Barnard. Dr. P. A. Kear
ney. Jacob L«evy Jr.. A. Ruef, William Howe.
James McCabe. Albert Houston. R. H. Wil
liams. Jair.es Fallen, J. A. Hoey, J. Sullivan,
M. Fmith, Dr. D. Lustig, Martin Brady, J. H.
Nelson, James McNair.
The Congressional district nominating
convention to be chosen at the primary
election on the second Tuesday of Augmst
next will no doubt appoint a committee,
as the law requires. The Republican vot
ers of the Fourth District may vote to
day for a committee If they see fit, but
they cannot elect a committee to serve
until 1904. or confer upon any committee
the power to manage and control party
affairs. Doubtless the plan in view is to
give the existing committee in the Fourth
another lease of life. There Is also a
scheme in the Fifth District to prolong
the life of the Congressional committee
which J. Alva Watt appointed last June.
The delegates elected to nominate candi
dates for CongTess will be competent to
select committees to conduct the cam
paign.
Herrin's Scheme to Elect Chair
man of Republican State
Convention.
RAILROAD IS NOT
OUT OF POLITICS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAY 10. 1900.
12
When taken at the proper time a little Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey will prevent a cola. .
How to pare for Belgian hares. Telia In Park
Js'ew« every wwk. •
Dr. W. H. Mays resumed practice 1116
Sutter, cor. Larkin; res.. Hotel Granada-*
THE HEALTH OF YOUHC WOMEN
Two of Them Helped by Mrs. Pink ham
—Read their Letter*.
Nervous and Dizzy
"Deaii Mrs. Piskuam :— I wish to
express my thanks to you for the great
benefit I have received from the use of
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound. I suffered constantly from ter-
rible sideache, had chills, was nervous
and dizzy. I had tried different kinds
of medicine but they all failed entirely.
After taking three bottles of Vegetable
Compound and three of Blood Purifier I
am all right. I cannot thank you enough
for what your remedies have done for
me."— Miss Matilda Jesses, Box 18,
Oyden&burg, Wis., June 10, 1899.
ADVSBTISEMZNTS.
53 ladies' French kid shoes for $2 at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market street •
3-Day Specials I
THURSDAY, FBIDAT, SATURDAY.
THREE DATS Or EJk.TIOS'A.CTOUT -¦'
BUYING AND SPLENDID SAVINO.
NOTHING BUT THE BEST.
CREAMERY BUTTER 35c, 3 sqrs $1
LAUNDRY SOAP. 8 cakes.... 2Sc
Fairbanks' Whit«» Star brand.
Regularly 8 for 25c.
WILSON RYE, bot 75c, gal $3.50
This celebrated brand of
Eastern Rye Whiskey la alway«
sold a: $1 CO a bottle; U 60 a ration.
SOUPS (SsfiSld"), 3 cans.. 25c
Chicken. Oxtail. Mock Tnrtl«,
Mulla^atawney. Vegetable.
Tomato. Julienne, Consomme, etc »
Prepared from very best Ingredient*. *
Regularly 10c a can.
e A HTFRNP «? irts - btt i0 «; nu. 1 in. $4.53
OHUlLnriL, piats. bat 25e ; tut, Z in, f 5 SO
Ben Lomond Wine Co.
A most pleasant and
very rich -wine.
Regularly, quarts. bott!e, 89c; ease. M 00.
pints, bottle, 35o; cue, $7 00.
COCOA. -Mb tin I5c, Mb tin 25c
Wilbur's celebrated
Philadelphia Breakfast Cocoa,
guaranteed pure;
usually sold at 20c and 30c
FRENCH VERMOUTH, bot — 55c
Noilly. Prat & Co.
Regularly 65c.
MALT VINEGAR, qt bot .20c
manufactured from pure malt
by II. J. Helr.z Co., Plttsburj. Pa.
Regularly 25c.
CATALOGUE TEES. Country Ort«r» BMelUt.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
(Old cumber II Stockton ttjb
TELEPHOXS MAIN KM. I
Hale's.
Hale's.
A CtlctUtJ connecting thess
two Immense struc-
——————— tures places under
, one management 1400
nnn rooms, 900 of which
. dllti have baths attached.
Tourists and travel-
————^— er9 from every section
1 of the world recognize
iTPJUln and appreciate th»
*>*A C4.J.AV* comforts and convent-
_____^^___ ences offered by thea*
hotels.
Ust+nlf* American plan. Eu-
liOlGIS ropean plan.
"Dear Mus. Piskiiam>-I am sixteen
years old and am troubled with my
monthly sickness. It is very irregrnlar,
occurring' only ouce in two or three
months, and al»o very painful. I also
Buffer with cramps and once in awhile
pain strikes me in tho heart and I have
drowsy headaches. If there is anything
you can do for me, I will gladly follow
your advice." £> .
— Miss Mart Ji- —^~^gs>^_
Gomes, Aptos, /"^g^&StjSa^Na
Cal., July 31, >^^I-r--^^^V\
u DEAEMns. i L W^
Pi* K nAM:-i gb ggSM
After receiv- V£j£|L-3- j fS^ggp'/ j
injr your letter W*%*^ / >?§3i*l\
I began the .< m ®&r
use of your reme- /i\ ft
dies, taking both /**fc<^ {S^S / "*
Lydia E. Pink- /^*"^
ham's Vegetable Com- <~~^^
pound and Blood Purifier. I am now
regular every month and suffer no pain.
Your medicine is the best that any suf-
fering girl can take."— Miss Maby
Gomes, Aptos, Cal., July 6, 1899.
HI to-day we are selling to build, and fM
Hi jiP^iift^^atli^T^^ building to sell, for eight years we'vs £p|
|gg underwear underprlced: f|j
g«l children's and misses' muslin ladies' muslin skirts, of good ||-j
E3| * drawers, good soft finish mus- soft muslin, embroidery trim- gj
jgjj Hn, wide hem and cluster of med, wide lawn flounce, trim- Pji
Wjt tucks at bottom; for ages 3 to med with zA inches 'embroid- jM
Jg| 12 12^c ery, splendid value... 4 65c £|
m good quality ' soil muslin, with insert ion, V $3
m wide hemstitched cambric ruf- J£ k Md c^ trimmed with Eg
m fle at bottom 29C hemstitched ruffle 75c ||
83 ladies' muslin skirts, of good ladies' white lawn aprons, 30 fc^
p|f heavy muslin, 2J4 yards wide, inches long, 28 wide, 2^2-inch f~$
Kgf cambric flounce, with 3-inch lace edge at bottom, wide band |^j
g|| lace edge, cluster of tucks above and strings at top, unusual ly
H*| and extra dust ruffle 50c value xoc |jj
H domestic attractions: ||
HI 850 yards of madras, for shirt waists and costumes; stripes and III
jgy plaids; many patterns, and not much of any one; reduced to... 8c £§j
!j 50 pieces (say 3000 yards) tinseled drapery, 26 inches wide, each Sjj
I piece in different oriental coloring per yard 6c |,nj
I millinery reduced: j*pb\ h
M our millinery manager has five dozen /(SPSSa. ./Kef
3 read-to-trv-on hats, some trimmed in In^n.w,^.,, .^^-^j^St
I tucked mull, some with silk handker-
S| chief bow effect, others with straw ro- &&,$&* /^fe_
33 settes, reduced to $1.00 and $1.50 £&/<£? nftfcLjS \?1
H 50 bunches of lilies of the valley, 12 . £ '^J^Ss^ £? : 4
« 75 bunches of bluettcs, six blossoms % l''''»^f*A7^»^ Ml
»3 and six buds in the bunch, for 25c KJ yg M
23 50 bunches marguerites, nine in a t vf*£-> "^35£^ trx
3 bunch; now ottered per bunch 10c j "Vt*** * > «^# > n5
g PAINLESS
i DENTISTRY !
fj |! Evening* until 9. Sundays all f
n , day. - ?
H - Full Set of Teeth, patn- 4
H " less extractions tree..{4.OO up ±
B " Gold Crowns, 22-k $3.50 up T
H ' Fillings 23c up 7
M " Teeth Without Plates Our f
Eg i Specialty. We sive gas. ? <
I "VAN VROOM,"
K lOOt MARKET, <>
I SIXTH and MARKET.
Send Us In stamps for postage <£»_
on New Furniture Catalogs - — -~-rr^3ffi - — j^.
; j=Jr ' ¦ ill— j , :
IMfc^— HbJI _ ___ jrpflp^— H84L
fe A O OUTFITS ZTzsrs
I 7^ / \ I i O«K. Curly Red-
¦ -J A ¦¦ i. ' -M THE BEST VALUES wood and Ma-
X ON THE COAST l^hogany.
SUt« length of Outfit when ordering, and M we cirry every oatSt la «ta:k wo will ship Inside of two days
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE COMPANY
PHONE SOUTH 14. .Incorporated) SAn F n AnC iaCO.
." V 1017rl023 Mission, Street, Above Sixth.