One More Member of the Pennsyl
vania Gang Taken by Secret :
Service Men.
PHILADELPHIA, May 7.— Another
chapter in the famous Lancaster coun
terfeiting conspiracy, case was made pub
lic to-day by the arrest of Harry Taylor,
charged with having passed a counterfeit
$20 note bill found in circulation last week.
Confronted with the evidence of his guilt;
Taylor confessed his part in the conspir-
CONFESSES TO HAVING
PASSED A COUNTERFEIT
All along the railroad culverts, wherever
of any size, have been utterly destroyed,
but the engineers hope to make a detour
In some cases and in others they will fill
up the gaps.
Three of the four ?pans of the Vet River
bridge have been utterly destroyed, and
it will be necessary to make a temporary
line down the river bed. as at the Modder.
Reports have been heard this afternoon
showing that more culverts and bridges
are being destroyed northward.
MOUBNINO AND MTTBDES.
LONDON, May 7.— A dispatch from Lo
borabo dated Thursday, May 3. says the
Queen of Swaziland has ordered the
Swazis to hasten their harvest and as
semble for weeping for the dead King.
A Malagana chief and nine women and
nine children have been killed at the
Malaganas kraal and -the plains are
strewn with the skeletons of murdered
natives. Krcough. the Boer administrator
cf Swaziland, has been recalled to I Pre
toria. ¦ > t
DEPRESSION AT MAFEKUTG.
LONDON. May 8.— I-ady Sarah Wilson
wires from MaJeking under date of April
22 as follows; "The situation is un
changed. . The garrison Is depressed sat
there being no sign of relief, but is as de
termined as ever to deprive the Boers of
a crowning triumph on the western bor
der. A case of whisky realized (540 and a
pound of flour was sold <it auction for two
guineas.'/ _
LOXDON. May 8.— The Loufenzo Mar
ques correspondent. of the Times' says:
"Commandant Snymen is »o alarmed at
the prospect of having, his retreat cut off
that he haa appealed for permission to re
tire northward from Maf eking to Inter
cept Colonel Plumer."
iVINBURG AND SMALDEEL
CAPTURED BY STRATEGY
SMALDEEL. May 7.— The movement
that culminated in the capture of Win
burg and Smaldeel was part of a great
general movement extending from Gen
eral Hunter on the west to General Run
dle on the east. General Roberts* admir
able strategy resulted in placing every
where five Llritlsh to one Boer. Out of
what appeared td be inextricable confu
eion or divisions and brigades order was
<juickly evolved and the Boers were com
pelled to meet I>ord Roberts under unfa
vorable conditions.
What is more Important is that the
British are now able to wait. Their front
and strong positions are safe In their
knowledge that their flanking columns
will advance and outflank the Boers.
Yer terday the Boers held a really strong
position, from which earlier in the cam
paign they could only have been forced by
bard fighting. General Hamilton's arrival
at Winburg, although not directly out
flanking the Boers, made their position
extremely uncomfortable. General Hut
ton's movement on the left was even more
successful than at first imagined. Forty
Boers were killed.
The march to-da.y was short, but Gen
eral Pole Carew's division marched fifty
eight miles in four days.
General Tucker's division is marching
on our left to-day and General Maxwell's
brigades will be able to cross the river
before night.
Lord Roberta fcas been very strict In his
examination cf the. farms, vrlth the result
of disclosing the fact that nearly every
houee Is a miniature arsenal. Mausers.
Martinis and abundant ammunition being
found. If these had not been discovered
the army -would be leaving In its rear the
material In arma and men for a danger
ous move of tho inhabitants.
SAN JOSE, May 7.— Motions have been
made in the Superior Court to set aside*
the indictments against Justice E. G. Dyer
of Palo Alto. Deputy Constable Harris of
this place and Won? Fong, the Chinaman
in Jail. These are the men charged with
kidnaping in the notorious Kim Quey case.
The motion ia based on numerous alle
5atlons of error on the part of the Grand
urv, chiefly, however, it is urged, that
the 'body was not legally formed, and then
it is challenged on the ground that it did
not act impartjai'v. The motion will bo
heard Friday. - -
Dyer and Harris.
Irregularity Alleged in Indictment of
MAY ESCAPE TRIAL.
READY FOR
ANY CRIME
These Two Men May
Have Robbed Safe
at San Leandro.
A common key bearing the stamped
number 22 may prove the means of land
ing two desperate criminals behind the
bars of a State prison. A clever idea of
Captain of Detectives Seymour, cleverly
executed by Detectives Dinan and Wren,
resulted In unearthing evidence that will
probably lead to the putting of two very
bad men out of business for a time.
The attention of Sergeant Christiansen
of the California-street police station was
attracted yesterday afternoon to two
rough customers who were trying to make
a . "rough house" of a saloon near the
corner of Montgomery and Pacific streets.
They finally got on a car at Kearny ana
Pacific "streets 'and one of them immedi
ately commenced a fight with the con
ductor over the payment of his fare.
• The sergeant arrested the. man and took
him to a patrol box. where h». Instructed
Officer McGee to turn in an alarm. While
this was being done the prisoner tried to
break away irom the sergeant and bis
companion ran up to help him. McGee
and Sergeant Mahoney, who had arrived
on the scene, took a hand and the fight
ing was fast and furious. Christiansen's
coat was nearly torn off him. but the
two, crooks we re finally clubbed into sub
mission and taken to the Central police
station.
The prisoners gave their names as
George Logan and William Johnson. The
police are confident they have two des
perate criminals in these two men and it
is possible they are ¦ the - robbers who
looted Wells, Fargo & Co.'s safe at San
Leandro a few days ago. .
: Av sensation was produced when they
were searched. On each . of - them was
WARRENTON. Cape Colony. May 7.—
The Boers have been driven out. Qf Four
teen Streams and the British are now
encamped on the north bank of the Vaal
River.^ ____ r
BOERS DRIVEN 0UT.»
LONDON, May 7.— The War Office has
received the following dispatch from Lord
Roberts, dated SmaJdeel, May 7, :iO:55
a. m.:
"General Hunter, after defeating the
enemy May 4, joined hands with Paget
near Warrenton. The enemy left thirteen
killed and wounded on the ground ;and
we captured several prisoners. Our losses
were slight. Hunter speaks in high terms
of the gallantry of the yeomanry under
Colonel Maybrick. The enemy have re
tired from the front of Thaba Nchu and
the exceedingly strong position they held
Is now occupied by Rundle's division."
Earlier In the day Lord Roberts report
ed to the War Office in a dispatch dated
Smaldeel, May 6, afternoon, as follows: •
"We crossed the Vet River this morning
and are now encamped at Smaldeel Junc
tion. The enemy is in full retreat toward
Zand River and Kroonstafl. The turning
movement was made by the mounted In
fantry just before dark yesterday. It was
a very dashing affair. The Canadians,
New South Wales, New Zealand' Rifles
and Queensland Mounted Infantry 'vicl
with each other In the determination to
close with the enemy. Captain Anley of
the Essex Regiment, commanding the
Third Infantry Battalion, behaved in a
very gallant manner.
"The naval guns and the artillery made
excellent practice, particularly two 5-inch
guns used for the first time with this
force. We captured a Maxim and twenty
dve prisoners. Our casualties are very
f ew _ on ly fifteen wounded, one killed and
three missing." , ¦
BRITISH VICTORIES AS
REPORTED BY ROBERTS
' . ST.V LOUIS." May ; 8.— At 2 o'clock the
mass meeting of the employes of the St."
Louis -Transit Company,: without a ¦ dis
senting, voice, decided. to go on strike Im
mediately. •¦: Twenty-six hundred mon par
ticipated in the meeting.
Mass -Meeting Held and the Resolu
tion Carried Without Dis
sent.
SHANGHAI./ May. 7.— A premeditated
attack was made upon two camps of the
Wei-hal-Wci Boundaryr „ Commission on
May 5. Major Penrose hnd four'men of the
Chinese regiment vrere wounded. The at
tacking party, was repulsed with the -loss
of. thirty -men killed. The disturbances
are due to Chinese officials working on thp
credulity -of the natives.
STREETCAR; MEN IN
: ST. LOUIS TO -STRIKE
Loss of Thirty Men in Wei-Hai
'. / Wei Province.
Chinese . Natives , Repulsed With a
ATTACK ON CAMPS, OF ,
BOUNDARY COMMISSION
"This was a scheme on the part of Tay
lor and Bredeli to bring the Government
to terms and was, the result of the advice
of some disreputable lawyer. The idea
was that after the notes were circulated
they would wait until near the time for
sentencing Taylor and Bredell and then
the latter would inform the Government
that thev coulrl. furnish It with plates of
which the 'secret service knew nothing.
Their object was to secure a lighter sen
tence." - - j
After. the arrest "of Harry Taylor Chief
Wilkie and Ooeratlve Burns o* the secret
service brought pressure to bear upon
Arthur Taylor and Baldwin S. Bredell
who arc; in prison here, and these two ad
mitted having engraved tho "Manning
head notes and that they had Induced
Harry Taylor to circulate them. Bredell
assisted Taylor in engraving the bogus
cigar stamps and the Monroe S100 note.
Arthur Tay!or.\said to the officers that
about 150 of the $20 notes were struck off
and that of this number Taylor hnd pass
ed in the neighborhood of forty-five The
remainder, he said, he had destroyed
Chief Wilkie, in speaking of the arrest
said:
acy. He admitted having passed all the
spurious notes of "the "Manning head" de
nomination recently discovered in this
c l ty ' ,^ arry Tavlor is » brother of Ar
thur Taylor, who' is now awaiting serr*
tence for having engraved the cigar reve
nye stamps and the famous counterfeit
Monroe >100 silver dollar certificates
which resulted in the arrest of Jacobs'
and Kendlg. the Lancaster cigar manu
facturers, and Ellory P. Ingham and Har
vey K. Hewitt, formerly United States
iJ^strict Attorney and assistant respec-
<=t7=JHE. innocence of Barry Getz of any
connection with "the robbery and
II shooting of Fred Bortzmeyer was
completely established yesterday.
Despite the efforts made by the police to
fasten the double crime upon Getz be
cause of his inability to tell all about his
movements on the night of the shooting
and the fact that he happened to start
for his home In that neighborhood short
ly before the hold-up, he now Btands.
through Bortzmeyer's positive declara
tion, entirely cleared of all the suspicion
In connection with that affair that has
been directed toward since his ar
rest.
With the declaration ot Bortzmcyer
that Getz is not the man who held him
up and sent a bullet through his body,
the theory of Policeman Brown that Getz
was a bold, bad highwayman collapses
like a toy balloon and the subsequent
charge against him made by Sailor Zies
enbeln losrs all weight and brings up
prominently the bitter statement of Mr*.
Margaret Moore In regard to I>rown;S
motives in causing Getz's arrest. »
Made Bortzmeyer Smile. ¦'.
Getz saw the injured man yesterday and
the latter smUed at the idea that his vis
itor was the man who shot him. declaring
he in no" 1 way resembled the murderously
Inclined footpad.
Wearying of the - suspicion directed
toward him by his arrest at the instiga
tion of Policeman Brown, the man who
had been openly accused of the desperate
crime committed on Ellis street decided
to take steps to settle all doubts in the
mind of the public as toy whether he fired
the shot. From the moment of his ar
rest Getz had expressed himself as will
ing to face Bortzmeyer and yesterday he
proved his sincerity by going before the
wounded man as stated. •
The weakness of the police case
against Getz was shown in court yester
day. The man who claims that Getz held
him up on Howard street last month did
not appear willingly in court when the
case was called. He was not present at
the hour set and there semed to be no
anxietv on the part of the officers over his
non-appearance. He was brought in later
by order of the court because Getz s at
torneys demanded that the sailor be pres
ent. / He will be put through a- severe
cross-examination by them when he goes
on the witness stand. ' .
Qetz Faces Bortzmeyer.
"Last evening; Getz presented himself at
the Waldack Sanitarium and asked to be
permitted to see the wounded man. Bortz
bieyer had passed a good day, with a nor
mal temperature, and upon his stating
that he would like to see the. man who
had been thrown into jail under^ suspicion
of shooting him Getz was shown up to
hl "Oh°°no' you're not the man: you're too
fat," said Bortzmeyer. turning, his head
on the pillow and gazing at Getzvwith a
smile on his white, drawn face. -¦
"You never t>aw me before, then? sug-
S< "No I nev ; er did," replied the footpad's
victim. "The man who shot me was Very
much shorter than you are; he_was slim
mer and had a different chin. It's easy to
see vou're not the man.
Getz was allowed to stay in the room
only about two minutes, it being feared
the patient might become excited. When
he entered the room Getz was somewhat
nervous, but when he came out he was
smiling with satisfaction. Though he had
no fear that Bortzmeyer would Identify
him as the robber, he was afraid the in
jured man might express a. doubt... Con
sequently Bortzmeyer's positive declara
tion that Getz was : not the robber was
very satisfactory to him.
Getz is about 5 feet 9 inches In height
and . weighs in the neighborhood of 190
P Getz S 'shook hands warmly with Bortz
meyer when he left and wished him a
spetdv recovery. Both men seemed well
please'd with theresult of the meeting. .
The police were busy with footpad mat
ters yesterday. Detective Dillon filed a
report in the matter of the shooting of
Frank Boell, in which he stated hi* belief
that Boell was shot by a rival, who was
jealous of his attentions to Sophie Peter
sen, otherwise known as Mrs. Jack Ennis
of 427 Filbert street.- •
The officers busied themselves also try-
Ing to prove that most of the robberies
recently reported were ; fakes. The -sams
extra detail was kept at. work last night
in the darkened Western Addition.
Getz in the Polics Court. >
• At 10 o'clock yesterday morning Getz
was taken before Justice Mogan on the
cha rge of assault with intent to : commit
robbery ' sworn to; by the sailor Albert
Ziegenbein. He • was represented by the
The Question as to whether Sergeant
Robert Wilson of the Sixth Artillery com
mitted suicide or was murdered is des
tined to remain unanswered. John Kes
sack and Ida de Ferrari, who were held
as suspects, were released from custody
yesterday morning. The woman's rase
was referred to District Attorney Bying
ton. who notified the police that there
was no case agp.lnst her. Captain Sey
mour believes that the sergeant commit
ted suicide, but the circumstances brought
out at the Inquest pointed to murder.
Wilson's Death a Kystery.
James Burn3 was held yesterday to
answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Mogan on a charge of robbery In
J20C0 bonds. He was accused of knocking
down Fred Houseman, an ex-convict, and
robbing him of $30 at Vallejo and Kearny
streets about a week aero. Houseman was
an unwilling witness for the prosecution.
Logan is a tall, smooth-faced youns
man. John3on is of medium height, has
a light mustache and a damaged nose.
Neither man fits the description given by
Bortzmeyer of the man who robbed him.
Neither would tell where he lived or
where he came from. Johnson showed
fight, even while handcuffed la Captain
Seymour's office. A receipt in Logan's
possession shows the watches and chains*
were bought at M. H. Blankenstein's. 630
Kearny street.
It is thought the men are recently from
the East and operate both in city and
country. Logan, however, claims he has
lived in th!3 city all his life. Johnson is
certainly the more experienced criminal
of the two. He claimed he never met
Logan before yesterday. Other questions
he would not answer and * told the police
and other questioners they could go find
their own answers to questions put.
The men probably 'had another safe Job
In view judging from the three new drills,
evidently Just purchased, in Logan'a pos
session. They will be held on charges of
resisting an officer while the detectives*
work to fasten a more serious offense
on them.
'IS> Held for Robbery
found a large square neck muffler oC
heavy black figured silk. Johnson had
two pl3tols, both new, one of them beinjr
a 2S-caliber Hjnykins & Allen ami th«
other a small Ss-caliber bulldog. He also
had a. new pocketknifehwith a blade al
most as large as that of a butcherknifo
and $3 45 in money. On Logan three new
drills for safe-breaking work, 8o cents inr
money and a State railroad guide were
found. The mufflere and pistols suggest
that the police may be nearer solving tho
mystery of the recent hold-ups than they
imagine. ¦ - , .
Both men • carried new watches worth
$1 »5 each and wore new chains of cheao
make. Each wore a new negligee shirt
of the same make. All these new article*
and the fact that they were drunk showed
they had just got hold o^, some money.
On Johnson wa3 found a key bearing;
the number 22. Detectives Wren and,
DInan, acting under Captain Seymour's
instructions, took the key and set out to>
find a door It would fit. They found that
the key readily unlocked the door of room
22 of the Dewey House. 765 Market street.
The proprietor said the room had been
rented the day before by two men. He
described Johnson and Logan. The of
ficers* searched tbe room and found a
splendid ratchet brace, such as la used In,
safe-drilling, and eight drills. Three of
these were covered with cement. In the
room were also found two suits of under
clothing, which the men had evidently;
discarded for new.
The police are convinced tho two prison
ers are all-round crooks. From the im
plements found in their possession It is
evident they ¦ were prepared to do
footpad work, safe-cracking or anything;
in the criminal line.
The story of an alleged hold-up on
Montgomery street yesterday morning
was investigated by the police and found
to have been a palpable fake, woven out
of the imagination of a "pipe dreamer."
No person ever related such a story at
the saloon mentioned and there was ab
solutely no ground whatever on which
to base the talc. A report on the affair
and the causes which led to Its publica
tion have been made known to the Chief
of Police.
A Romancer at Work.
There Is a romance In connection with
young Bortzmeyer's coming to California.
His father was willing to keep him In lux
ury, but. had picked out a wife for him—
a young lady with whom the boy had
been reared. The son-, said he did not
want to marry the girl, and the father,
piqued, told him if he refused he would
have to make his own way in the future.
Young Bortzmeyer accepted the alterna
tive, left home and has been supporting
himself since. Now comes a happy re
union through the medium of the foot
pad's-murderous bullet, which brings the
father hundreds of miles to what he had
feared would be the death bed of the son
from whom he had been estranged.
Young Bortzmeyer has certainly been
snatched from the Valley of the Shadow,
he is now out of danger. Though still
weak liis temperature Is normal and he
Is gaining strength each day.
Romance in Eortzmeyer's Life.
Bortzmeyer's father reached this city
from Cincinnati last night and was ad
mitted to the bedside of the son he had
not seen for nearly three years. Bortz
meyer Sr. is a very wealthy man.
r>etective Wren produced Ziegenbein at
11:30. The sailor said he had mistaken the
hour. The case then went over until to
to-morrow at 10 o'clock.
"We are here ready to go ahead," said
Mr. Naphtaly. "We want this man
Ziegenbein produced."
'Til send out' for the man." said Judge
Mogan. "and If he's not here, by 11:20
I'll issue a bench warrant for him."
law firm of Naphtaly. Freidenrleh & Ark
erman. Messrs. Naphtaly and Freldenrieh.
bein?. present .Jn court.
When the case was called it was found
that Ziegenbein was not present. After a
whispered conversation with Detective Ed
Wren the court announced that the case
would be continued. - - .
LONDON, May 8, 4:20 a. m.— Tho Boers are everywhere retiring before the
British except on the Natal frontier and at Maicking, to the inner circle
of their defenses. They appear determined not to fight until the Kroon
stad. hills are reached, s
Lord. Roberts is expected. to do another forty or fifty miles and then
w;ait for a time '-• order to bring up supplies and repair the railway.* There are
ohe^or two hints in the dispatches from the front that he may rest for a few
days at - Smaldeel. • .
General -French's 10,000 cavalry has not been mentioned in the official, or-un
official dispatches, for four days. It is by no means likely that he is Idle, and
the conjecture is that he Is either detouring toward I^roon3tad or raiding the
Ladybrand district. Fifteen thousand British are now operating on the western
frontier of the Free State. As tho deadlock at Warrenton has been broken and
the Boers are retreating there is nothing formidable, except distance, between
Warrenton and Maf eking. The most hopeful advices from Maf eking of April
22 were that the garrison would be barely able to hold out for a month. At that
time the fever was spreading. According to advices from Maseru, Basutoland
several thousand Free Staters are north of Ladybrand, where they have collect
ed great herds. The district Is rich in food for 'men and horses, and the Boers
seem resolved not to move northward, but to be preparing.' to resist where they
are. If they are let alone they. will menace the line of communications after the
main British arm/ has passed into the Transvaal
Lord Roberts and Lord Kitchener personally directed the artillery in the Vet
River engagement. -.
Queen Victoria will send a signed photograph to Colonel Kekewich, the hero
of Kimberley. . "*
Six thousand four hundred and fifty-eight troops are now at sea on the way
to South Africa. No others are under orders to go ."except as recruits to fill up
the losses of regiments at the front.
Bortzmeyer Declaring That Getz Is Not the Man Who Robbed and Shot Him.
LONDON, Kay 8.— Two more important points have been captured In the
onward sweep of Roberts' great army. From the press correspondents
word comes confirming the reported seizure by. General Ian Hamilton's
column of Winburg. Lord Roberts himself reported the equally Important
strategic success of the taking of Smaldeel. or "Winburg road, which". Is
the Junction point of the main line from Bloemfonteln to Pretoria and the
branch running southeast to Winburg. j *<
Details are now coining In concerning the brisk fight for Vet River. From
Brandfort to tho Vet is a distance of nineteen miles. General Pale-Carew start
ed with his division at daybreak to march to the river. He arrived at Eensge
ronen, the first station south of the Vet. about midday, and here he halted. The
West Australians, -who covered the advance column, discovered at 1 o'clock
Boers in the river bed. being fired on by the burghers at a distance of 300 yards.
The artillery, comprising the Eighty-fourth and Eighty-fifth batteries, pushed
forward, escorted by General Stephenson's brigade. These batteries caused the
gruns in the main Boer position to unmask. Other pieces of the enemy's artil
lery caire into action on the British right. - The Eighty-fourth Battery moved
away to engage them, leaving the other battery to answer the guns In the Boer
center. Two naval l£-pounders, two 2.4-lnch and two 5-inch guns, coming suc
cessively into action, soon altered the aspect of affairs, the two Boer guns being
temporarily silenced.
Meanwhile General Hutton, who was well to the west with the Canadians,
Australians, New ZeaJanders and British mounted infantry, attacked the Boers
at the drift by which they intended to cross. The Boers, who were led in this
portion, of the field by General Lucas Mayer, second In command of the Fed
eral troops, had the advantage in number of machine guns, but the mounted
Britishers managed to drive their antagonists out of the river bed, crossed the
river and took up a position which outflanked their right. General Hutton dur
ing the night sent two squadrons to blow up the railway near Smaldeel, in the
hope that by doing this he could capture some rolling stock, but the last train
northward had left the Junction Saturday evening.
From the southeast ar.d west ccme news showing that the surge forward
of the main body of the British army is pushing back the Boers on both sides.
Fourteen Streams, where for six weeks the Boers have fired across Vaal River
at the British forces, near "VVarrenton, has been evacuated. The British there,
under Colonel Paget, have been joined by General Hunter and have crossed the
river.
The Thaba Nchu force of the er.omy has left the strong position which they
held confronting General Rundle. and the British troops have taken possession
of it. Like a. broad arrow the British advance is now piercing the Boers' po
sition in the Free State. From the Winburg hills to the left it is extended to
ward Boehof and Warrcnton. while oa the right it runs southeast to the north
of Thaba Nchu and Wepener.
What Roberts' next strategical move will be it is difficult to guess. , The
temptation to try to keep the Boers on the run must be a great one, but I? is
thought mo3t probable here that the field marshal will now bring up his wings
and endeavor to"clear the country' from Blotmhoef to Harrismith.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1900, by the
Herald Publishing Company.
THE IRON HORSE TO THE FRONT.
FROM THE SPEAR.
WITH 7KE ALP OF A URGE NUMBER OF TRACTION* ENGIXES. EACH CAPASLE OF DRAWING EIGHT OR TEN WAGONS. LORD ROBERTS t
HAS IX A U&ASOBB SETTLED THE QUESTION OF TRANSPORTATION'. AT LEAST IN THE CENTRAL PART OF THE ORANGK FR*"H STATF <v
WHERE TUB COMPARATIVELY LEVEL COUNTRY PERMITS THEIR USE. AND FOR THE TIME, EXCEPT FOR MOUNTS - IS INDEPENDENT OF*
\\?^^^?J^^- V »' HICH HAVE BEE * DYING ON HIS HANDS AT THE KATE OF TWO OR THREE THOUSAND A WEEK; THESE AviLL RE iN-4
1 ™^ SABLE TO HIS MOVEMENTS. HOWEVER. AND ARRANGEMENTS HAVE ALREADY BEEN MADE TO SUPPLY HIM WITH 73 COO FRESH i
HOnsns AND SICtBS FROM ARGENTINA. THE UNITED STATES AND CANADA DURING THIS MONTH AND THE FIRST HALF OF JUNE WHICH !
V. ILL MAKE A GRAND TOTAL OF NEARLY 225.000 THAT HAVE BEEN SENT TO. HIM- • . - " lv - xl *
British Commander-in-Ghief Personally Di
rects Battles and Secures- Two More
Important Points. '
Two Desperate Crooks Are Arrested on
Kearny Street After a Fierce
Struggle With Officers.
Black Mufflers and Revolvers Found on Their
Persons and a Ratchet Brace and Drills in the
.Room They Occupied.
BY OVERWHELMING FORCE
ROBERTS DEFEATS BOERS
BORTZMEYER CLEARS
GETZ OF SUSPICION
VOLUME LXXXYII-NO. 160.
S AN V FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SNYMAN ALARMED.SANTA FE LINE IS
AT A DISADVANTAGE
Southern Pacific Can Make Better
Time Between Los Angeles and
San Francisco.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' LOS ANGELES, May 7. -With the re
turn of the Santa Fe officials who went
to San Francisco to witness the openinp
of the Valley road into Point Richmond
Is revived in official Headquarters the
question .'as, to whether this new llne'wlll
be an active competitor of the Southern
Pacific in passenger traffic. There is no
longer any doubt- but' that a passenger
service will be established July 1 between
Chicago and Point- Richmond, but that
this traffic between Ix« Angeles and San
Francisco will lorn? be deferred. Those
In authority here dolnot themselves seem
to be able to make clear the causes for
this condition. ' - ' ¦
Figures are produced that show that the
Santa Fe could land passengers in San
Francisco from here in sixteen hours,- but
that it could not compete with the coast
line - that : expects , to carry ; passengers .in
twelve hou^a when completed. This com
petition, 3eems to be the bone of conten
tion, and as Prf sident Ripley has issued
his, ultimatum' against it-it would appear
that .the lease -between' the roads of the
Mojaw-Bakersfleld line - to the Santa ¦ Fe
permits its rival: to remain In undisturbed
possession of the Los Angeles-San Fran
cisco business. ; When' the Chicago;.traf
fic Is opened transportation will be; sold
East from here and from San Francisco,
but ; heavy, patronage Is not expected ow
ing to lack of. equipment. • , ¦ ;¦
WANTED TO BE i LYNCHED.
Northern Murderer, Would Not Await
;.; .. .¦ the'; Formalities of the ; Law. - :
- VICTORIA. ' B. C. May .".-^The steamer
Danube, i, returning \ from . northern parts
ta-day, brings a new. story, of .the reported
lynching, the first news of .which came by
Great Parade Escorts the Naval Vet
eran's Carriags Through the
City's Streets.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. May 7.— Memphis to
day surrendered unconditionally to A<K
miral Dewey. The climax of the day's
festivities was a gorgeous flower parade
this afternoon, which passed through the
principal streets. Thousands of visitors
arrived during the night, and the streets
were crowded with strangers.
The carriage in which Admiral and Mrs.
Dewey rode was drawn by four horses
and was decorated in the national colors.
The parade was led by Arnold's hand, fol
lowed by a squad of sixty schoolboys.
Then came the admiral and Mrs. Dewey
and their escorting carriages. Next In
line were . the white uniformed school
boys In battalions. After the students'
section had passed. the military dlsplay
appeared. ' It was a creditable showing.
Company A. ConfederatesVeterans, was
loudly cheered along the line of the entire
march. Following the veterans was the
flower parade. Next to the interest in
Admiral and Mr?. Dewey the people de
sired to see the decorated carriage with
their gay and brilliantly dressed occu
pants.
After reviewing the parade, which was
two miles long. Admiral Dewey was es
corted to the Auditorium, where a recep
tion tendered by the representati% F e ne
groes of the city was held. The admiral
talked pleasantly and freely with many of
the colored men and evinced much inter
est in their condition.
At 9 o'clock to-night Admiraland Mrs.
Dewey. accompanied by Lieutenants
Caldwell and Crawford,"* visited Lyceum
Theater, and an hour later repaired to
the Grand Opera-house, where a full
dress ball was plven ln their honor.-
Victory for Republicans.
Special Dispatch to The Call. • . —
GILROY. May 7.— The city election to
day resulted In a sweeping- victory , for
the Republicans, their ticket winning all
the offices with the- exception of the Clerk
and one Councilman. The following were
the officers elected: H; ' R; ' Chesbro.
Mayor: a C. N. Hoover. . Clerk: II. H.
Recker. Treasurer; James ' McKlroy. Mar
shal: Councilman— AlEustis.M.K. Kllis.
L. J. Cleveland, George-Skllticorn. Dr. J.
V,'. Thayer and. II.' T. Mayock. ,
•"* . iii m ' ¦ .
Gage's Appointments.
SACRAMENTO. May 7.— Governor Gage
has commissioned K. W. iRunyon;: W.'W.'
Foote and Benjamin C. Truman, Califor
nia's Commissioners to the Paris Exposi
tion, aids de camp on his staff, each with
the rank of lieutenant colonel. " Varney
W. Gaskill. secretary to'the commission
ers, has been commissioned major and In
spector of the Third Brigade, National
Guard of California, •
MEMPHIS SURRENDERS
TO ADMIRAL DEWEY
One man's fairfts may be another man's
virtues. . ' ' . . . . ;
Noted Dwarf Dies.
BELOIT, Wis.. May 7.— Paul Robinson,
a noted dwarf, died to-day, aged 70 years.
He was scarcely four feet tali. ...
A. D. Gannon and John Fisher Ar-
rested for Disturbing the
Peace.
Bperlnl D:s?atrh to The Call.
SAl'SALITO. May 7.-Offlcers and
toughs mingled In a pitched battle at
Bufna Vista Park yesterday, and it was
only after a. hard Etrugrerle that the former
wrested the victory from their adver
saries:. .
Shortly after noon Constable John
Creed received word that a gang of
toughs was creating a rough house out
at the park and that serious trouble was
anticipated. Creed left at once for the
scene of action and while attempting to
arrest the ringleaders was "jumped" by
the whole crowd.
Creed laid lustlJy about him with fists
and club, but he was outnumbered and
might have fared badly at the hands of
his assailants had nut some sailors come
to his rescue. The allied forces succeeded
In routing the enemy, when a woman over
whom the row had originated urged her
"pals" on to the attacic again. By this
time, however,' reinforcements ln the
shape of Constable Hlchard Garrlty and
Night Watchman Paul Touett arrived,
and the latter's bulldog soon caused the
toughs to plead for an armistice. This
was granted and the triumphant officlalb
left the park, after having arrested A.
D. Gannon and John Fisher, both em
ployes of the Pacific Mail dock. The men
will come up for trial to-morrow, being
at present out on bonds, secured by the
intervention of Town Trustee Sylva.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Pensions, PostofSce Changes and
Orders for Army Officers.
Special D;npatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— Pensions for
Californlans: Original— Silas W. Smith,
Veterans' Home, N'apa, $6: John C. Hol
llster, San Francisco, $6; Gustav C. Rodell,
Campbell. 58; William H. Oxlndine, Cop
pehropolls, $6. Increase— Daniel Fox, San
ulego. $3o.
Oregon: Original— Zachariah G. Wilson.
Grove City, U>; John L. Ingle,' Fulton, $S.
Increase — William Mullrr, Mountain
dale. $?.
Postmasters commissioned— John Le
mastcrs. Kern, Cal.; Chauncey Cummins.
Diamond. Or. Appointed— G. A. Trumbo,
Hedges, tian Diego County, vice T. S. Kul
l«»r, removed: J. B. Mitchell. Maple Creek,
Humboldt county, vice John Murphy, re
signed; S. C. Klchter, Rucker, .Santa
Clara County, vice W. B. Rucker, re
moved.
The following acting assistant surgeons
of the I'nited States army have been or
der* d to proceed to Pan Francisco and
report to the commanding general of the
Department of California for. assignment
to duty: Loren B. T. Johnson, Thomas
B. McCown. Francis J. Bailey, William
J. Kndeers and John J. Itepettl.
Senator Perkins has introduced a pro
posed ainenament to the sundry rivil ap
propriation bill authorizing the* Secretary
of War to purchase immediately the lands
necessary for the work planned by the
Debris Commission and to proceed with
the construction of dams and impounding
work? with the funds already appropri
ated by the State of California and the
river and harbor act of IS.%. the expendi
ture to bo ln equal sums drawn from the
respective funds, the cost of the lands not
to eoceeed $20,000. Another amendment by
Senator Perkins provides for the appoint
ment of a board of army engine* r» to pre
pare plnr.!= and estimates for the improve
ment of Oakland harbor from the western
end of the tidal canal to deep water ln
S.in Francisco Hay. including the excava
tion of the tidal basin, a report to be
mnde at the next session of Congress.
Representative Baker of Maryland said
to-day that no Importance attached to tht
bll! h<» Introduced last week repealing the
Chinese exclusion act.
"I Introduced the bill by request." he
said, "and there my association with it
e-no>. I shall not press It for action by
committee or House. The bill merely re
flect* the Kentlment of roy, constituent
who requested me to Introduce It In the
Hous*. Nothing further will' be done
with it.".
SCOFIZLD DEATH ROLL.
About Two Hundred Men Lost Their
Lives in the Mine.
SALT LAKE. Utah, May 7.— \V. G.
Sharp. t«uperintend>nt ' of the PJeasant
Valley Coal Company, has made a report
to the treasurer of the company in regard
to the mine disaster at Scofleld. in which
he Kays: "Total killed, IS?: bodies recov
ered to date. 195: injured. 7. Of those in
the mine 103 escaped alive and uninjured.
There are 105 widows and 270 orphans.'*.-
POLICE BATTLE WITH
A GANG OF TOUGHS
the steamer Cottage City Sunday morn-
Ing. The version of the uffair given by J.
H. Nelson, manager of the Lituya Bay
Mining Company, was that Martin Sle
vert, who shot and killed one Christensen,
actually requested that he be hanged at
once rather than held tor the formalities
of the law. The miners, finding that it
would involve considerable trouble and
loss" of time to await deliverance of the
prisoner into the hands of the officers,
complied with the unique request after
oleyert had signed a stntement expressing
entire satisfaction with the proposed mode
of execution, and explaining that robbery
had been the motive of the crime.
Navigation on the Yukon has already
commenced, the steamer Florence getting
from Hootalinqua to Thirty-Mile. Ice
travel has become extremely hazardous,
numerous shipments having gone through
the ice.
NOLAN IDENTIFIED.
One of the Men Seen Running From
the Welland Canal Lock.
WELL AND. Ontario, May 7.— The trial
of Bullman, Nolan and Walsh, the alleged
dynamiters, reopened here to-day.. The
first witness was W. C. Thompson, the
canal engineer. He estimated the damage
to the locks at $1000 to $liW. He gave his
opinion as to the effect if the locks had
been blown out. The water, he said,
would have swept down the Grand Trunk
Railway tracks, washed out the Merriton
station and flooded the valley of Fifteen
mile Creek.
"William. Wright positively IdentlfledNo
lan as one of the two men who had been
seen running away from the scene of the
explosion. . .
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., May 7.-A tor
nado swept through San Antonio this
morning and caused a loss aggregating
over $100,000. No loss of life is reported.
At Fort- Sam Houston the entire galleries
of three barracks were demolished and
the officers' quarters were unroofed. Hun
dreds of trees within the fort are uttcrly
rulned. Bexar County will be a heavy
loser by the wreckage of bridges, A huge
steel bridge over the Salado Creek, nine
miles from this city, was demolished. The
damage probably will reach $20,000. The
Dulling mineral swells . were damaged to
the extent of iwMO. • Individual losses of
several local merchants range from $1000
to.$SOOO. j t Js estimated that fifty houses
were damaged through the blowing in of
walls and loss of roofs. The loss caused
by the collapse of the San Antonio Loan
and Trust Company's building is WO.OiJO.
The known total loss in the city exceeds
$100,000.
A heavy rainstorm, 'accompanied by
very high winds, swept over nearly the
whole State last night and to-day. Out
side of San Antonio the' greatest damage
has been to furm buildings and to crops:
So far no casualties have been reported,
but these may come to-morrow, when the
country is heard from. The wheat crop
and fruit trees have- suffered much.
Wheat was just heading and was ln a
condition to be Injured severely.
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. May 7.-No less
than fourteen funnel-shaped tornado
c-louds are reported to have been seen yes
terday in Central Kansas, ranging
through Saline, Ellsworth, Rice, Barton
end Pawnee counties. As far as learned,
Mr. and Mrs. William Helfrick, who lost
their lives in the destruction of their
home north of EIHnwood, comprise the
fatalities. Over twenty persons are re
ported slightly injured near Ellinwood.
The first storm formed north of
Ellinwood at 5 o'clock In* the aft
ernoon, destroying . the Helfrick home
completely and damaging several other
farm houses and other buildings. Almost
simultaneously another tornado formed
about four miles east of Great Bend and
moving in a northeasterly direction, de
molished fences and hams and killed con
siderable livestock. Here William Welch's
farm house and buMdings were destroyed,
but the family escaped.
Another storm at about the same time
struck near Pawnee Rock, thirteen miles
southeast of Great Bend, and wrecked
several buildings and destroyed crops.
Considerable damage, with no loss of life,
is reported at and near Claflin. in the
northeast part of Barton County, and
Frederick, in the western part of Rice
County. Rain and hail following the
storm did great damage to the crops in
some localities.
Near Marysville. Mo., a small-sized tor
nado destroyed a dozen houses and barns
and damaged crons.
DALLAS, Tex.. May ".—One-third of the
houses in Gurza. a town In Denton
County, were destroyed late yesterday
afternoon by a tornado. No one was hurt,
the people seeking refuge In storm houses.
Several. houses at Little Elm were demol
ished and several people Injured. "Wires
to the north are down.
Buildings Leveled by the Gale and
Wheat Crops and Fruit
Orchards Laid
Waste.
Much Damage reported From
San Antonio and
v Vicinity.
TEXfAS TORNADO
SCATTERS RUIN
OVER WIDE AREA
PROMISES TO REVIEW THEM SOON IN PRETORIA.
(From the Daily Graphic.)
LORD ROBERTS MAKING AN ADDRESS TO HIS OFFICERS AT A DINNER AT THE BLOEMFONTEIN
CLUB BEFORE STARTING ON HIS ADVANCE TOWARD THE TRANSVAAL.
•'.¦¦¦. ¦ » • .¦ -
METHODISTS
CONFRONTED BY
RACE QUESTION
Divided as to the Election
of a Colored Man as
Southern Delegates Will Vote Sol
idly for the Innovation, but
the North Stands
Opposed.
CHICAGO. May 7.— As the time ap
proaches for settling: the question of how
many Bishops are to be elected by the
Methodist General Conference the senti
ment is growing among the delegates that
none of the present occupants of the high
office should be retired and placed on the
superannuated list. It seems probable
that because of the advanced age of sev
eral members of the episcopacy the com
mittee on episcopacy will recommend the
election of rive additional Bishops. . Three
will. bu for work ln this country and two
to supervise tne missionary Avork in Asia.
This is the programme In favor with a
majority of the members of the committee
on episcopacy. The committee to-day be
gan active work on the question referred
lo it by the conference. , .' .. : .'¦
There are twenty or more avowed candi
dates for the high office of Bishop, not
withstanding the fact that it is not likely
that more than five additions to the pres
ent board of episcopacy will be made.
Among those most prominentlv mentioned
for Bishop are: Dr. J. W. Hamilton of
New York, Dr. J. F. Berry. of Chicago. Dr.
Henry Spellmeyer of New York, Dr. T. 13.
Neely ot Philadelphia. Dr. "William F. Mc-
Dowell of Colorado and Dr. \V. C. Kelly
of New York.
It Is probable that much opposition to
the election of a colored Bishop will ap
pear when the matter Is taken up by the
conference. The Southern delegates, it is
said, will vote solidly in favor of the inno
vation, but hundreds of representatives
of the Northern conferences will oppose
it. The great number of ¦white candidates
for Bishop, It is believed, will operate
against the chances of Dr. .T. E. Bowcn of
Washington, the leading colored aspirant,
and several prominent delegates declare
that the election of Dr. Bowen by the
present conference is by no means cer
tain.
fThe committee on temperance to-day lis
t«»ned to the reading of several memorials
referred to it by the General Conference.
One memorial condemned President Mc-
Kinley for laxity ln enforcing the anti
canteen law, and was generally discussed,
but no action was taken. Another recom
mendation was made amending the book
of discipline so that members of the church
who rent their property for saloon pur
poses may be brought to trial. They were
all referred to the sub-committee for con
sideration.
CnCCINNATI. May :.-Th« national
convention of the middle-of-the-road
Populists will meet here on Wednesday.
The National Keform Press Association
auxiliary to the middle-of-the-roaders'
began its session to-day and the State
conventions for Ohio and Kentucky will
be held here to-morrow.
The meetings are held at the WVhrman
building, on Fifth street. This slx-storv
etrueture has been Jilted tip throughout
for general headquarters of the Popu
lists, as few of them stop at the larger
hotels. The Wehrman building and Rob
inson's Opera-house have been decorated
elaborately with middle-of-the-road mot
toes and placard* expressive of senti
ments against all other parties and espe
cially against tho*e who formerly affll-
Jated with the People's party and are now
favoring fusion again. Those who are
here as the advance guard seem to be op
posed to everything arxl everybodv ex
cept the policy of the middle-of-the-road
ers, who want no fusion and no compro
mise on anything. It I? expected that
there will be about 20.000 delegates by to
morrow night.
W^ h ,5 rton . Ba^ :cr - tho moft Prominent
candidate for President. Js scheduled to
a ET lve T?? rly l "- |llorro » r tram Philadel
phia. His *n»i. liedman liarker, arrived
to-day and has been busy deuving the
reports that the Barker men would bol» if
Mr. Barker were not nominated, \bout
one-fourth of the H73 delegates are in
structed for Barker. It in claimed by
wm« that Barker an<l rkinnelly have
been nominated on the "Initiative and
referendum plan." They were named at
the convention here two yearn ago fo
far as the "Initiative" was concerned
but it is Mated that the "referendum" re
turns were Incomplete and unreliable
There is opposition to Harker In the
West, and it is said that the reports about
bnlting were started in Western State*
to hurt nurker. Eugen* V. Debs will
not promise to accept. Among the other
names mentioned to head the ticket are
Jerome Klrley of Texas. ex-Congressman
Howard <»f Alabama and Colonel Frank
Burkett of Mississippi.
Ignatius Donnelly arrived early this
evening and went quietly to the nenni
«on Hotel, where he was soon surround
id bv a group of admirers. Something of
i sensation wan sprung shortly afterward.
It became known that a <1»finit» mnve
¦nent wan on to place Mr. Donnelly before
:he convention us a Presidential nomi
nee. Instead of eivlnjr hlnv second position
sn the ticket- headed by Wharton Bar
ter of Pennsylvania. Mr. Donnelly had
snlv th!s to say:
"You know that I never "h*ve bfen $c-
SIOUX FALLS. S. D.. May 7.— The A*}e-
Fa'.eo to the People's party convention
who have already arrived spent the after
noon in informal conferences and in visit
ing the tent in which the convention is to
l>e held. It was ai first intended to uti'ize
the city's auditorium building for conven
tion purposes, but tha prospective attend?
ence grew j-o rapidly that it was found
necessary to secure larger quarters. Ac
cordingly an enormous tent under which
*>000 or lO.luK) persons may be seated was
secured, ar.d it is rapidly being put into
ehape for the convention. The siteets are
Jiberahy decorated with bunting.
The conviiition will be calk-a to order
on Wednesday at 2 o'clock by National
Chairman Hutler. An address «»f iretcasne
will be <2e!iven.-<J by cither Senator i'ttti-
Erew or Governor ]^e. A tt-miiorary
chairman will be r.amed, ana after ine ap
pointment of committees tiits cuavcntiuii
¦will adjourn uir.ll Thursday.
ir'or ienaj><'i«:\ ctiauiuan "Governor
Rocgers ca v\ a.-niiiRton vnu chosen, but
he announced i u -u<*> that he was ui;at»i«»
to attend. Tuis makes anotber tHectson
liectftiiaj-y. «ntOb£ itu urn gates why
have arrived me senainr« iiu<i«r. Alien
and Pettigrew Had consresssnan suuifi
land. Senator lie.tfe.U ui n:..nn is eicpect
vil to-morrow.
Towne for Vice President.
The principal talk tu-uay has been about
the poncy io ot pui>ueu in me selection
of a Vice I'rtMut-iiuai candidate. tsy
those aut-ud} pteaetH meie i* manifested
quite a noticeable irienu>nij> (or wturlek
A. Uovvne, the btll'cf 1 itcpuuluan leaiier
cf Minnesota, but there are some wlio
contend that the honor should eo to a
>*opuiiBt. {senator liutier ;* umoug tnose
*ho are l><-.i.-. »-u to lavur Air. luvtne. ln
an interview he said:
"We are going to be liix-mi with the
other partieo wuo are cu-opnating with
\i» on general lines, in IV.nJ we took Bryan
efter he haci been nominated by Hie Dem
crate, and we stood loyally by him to the
end of the campaign, 'uus year the Pto
plfc'a party is tjoing to be trie, tirst party
to yui him into the field, and su tar as 1
have been able to discover there is a very
general disposition toward going even far
ther, if need be. and selecting n «-anaidate
lor the Vice Presidency who will be ac
ceptable to tne Silver Republican*. Of
course In the Ehort time 1 have been here
1 have not been able to see a great many
members of me party, but those whom I
have seen are perfectly united upon tho
proposition that all must be done that it
if possible to do to secure absolute har-
Riouy among Populists, Democrats and
Silver Republicans in the support of Mr.
Bryan; and 1 believe the party will be
tound equal to the surrender of both nom
inees in order to secure ihis paramount
desideratum. Jn fact. I speak within
bounds when I say that never within the
JUisiory of the country has any party ever
Bhown such unselfishness and such devo
tion to principle as the I'eopie's party
has shown in the past and is willing ti»
ehow now to bring victory to a cause."
The Senator refused tu give any ex
pression of opinion concerning the bolting
Populists, who are to hold tnelr conven
tion at Cincinnati, further than to say:
"They represent nobody but .themselves,
and need not be dignified by a reference
to them."
Secretary Kdgertoa epoke more freely
concerning the bolt, which h» explained
originated r.t the Klncoin meeting of the
National Committee last February.
'"In reality, only one member "of that
committee walked out of the committee,
and he was accompanied bv onlv four
proxies." he said. "These, "with "a few
other rejected proxies, call^J the Cincin
nati convention."
Text of the Platform.
In the matter of the platform to be
adopted by the convention the opinion is
very general that the St. l,ouis declara
tion or principles will l,e reiterated, with
variations and additions.
"We will express our opinions In no un.
certain way on the questions of trusts and
imperiaiiBm.*" said a I'nited States Sena
tor who is h deiepate. "We will certainly
take h position on the point of attempting
to eovern any people without their con
sent. Ac to trusts, we shall not content
oure-ehes with denouncing them, but shall
offfr a remedy. That remedy is to con
irol the instruments of commerce, money,
transportation and the transmission of in
telligence. In our St. Ixiuis platform we
took the position that all thtse functions,
should Ije controlled by the CJovernment.
We will accomplish our end if we point
out that to assume this control will bt to
suppress the trusts, and, furthermore, we
will attempt nothing new in this efTort,
nothing requiring- a change in the consti
tution, for all that is here set out is pro
vided for in that instrument."
The financial plank of the St. Louis
platform will be unchanged, and the gold
standard bill passed nt the present ses
sion of Congress will be denounced as in
the interest of national banks and dan
gerous to the best interests of the public
at large.
The Porto Rico legislation will be de
nounced, and it will be declared that the
constitution follows the flas in the acnui
•itlnn of territory. The Republican party
will be charged with failure to keep faith
ln Cuba and with transcending all bounds
of propriety in the management of the
Philippine question. Militarism w!H p'av
sn important part in the platform. The
matter of increasing the standing' army
of the I'nit-d States will be frowned upon
as riv1r«r the Piesident the power to de
prive voters of the rin-ht of franchise bv
cr»lnc th«-m with nn army.
Th« members of the National Committee
deny the report that tickets to the con
vention tent ar* to be generally sold Thev
MV that State delegations will be Kfven
ell the tlfketn they may want for them
*elx-e* and friends, and that the only sale*
wJJl be to attendant- from this vicinity
SOME OPPOSITION TO
BARKER'S CANDIDACY
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. May 7.-For the
second time ?lnce Convention Hall was
destroyed by fire on April 4 the nub-com
mittee «jf the Democratic National Con
vention met here to-day and put Its?
stamp St approval upon the hall and gen
eral arrangements being made by Kan
sas Cityar.s for the July gathering.
Ready for the Bryacites.
I At the banquet the address of welcome
j v.as spoken by Elmer E. Thomas. Toast
| master John |U. Veiser then introduced
! Governor W. A. Poynter of Nebraska.
: who was followed by T. M. Patternon of
i the Denver News. "Cyclone" Davis spoka
I and then the toastmaster introduced a
j silver Democrat from New York, Dr. J.
j H. Gardner, who said many Democrats
I in the Empire State were coming over to
! Bryan. John \V. Breidenthal of Kansas
j Fpoke briefly. There was noticeable a con
: cillatory tone in all the remarks of tht
i Western speakers. The argument went
! to the effect that fu.*ion, good in 1SS6.
I would be better in 1900.
Mr. Bryan was greeted by ereat ap-
I p!au?e. There was little if anything new
In Ills address. It.« tenor wae an arru
ment for the continuance of fusion. He
specified the old issues on which the Dem
ocrats, Populists and Silver Republicans
fused in. 18% and pointed out the reasons
I why they hould stand together now. He
i devoted more time to the money plank
I than to any other one Issue.
POPULIST PLANS MADE
KNOWN AT A BANQUET
OMAHA, Nebr.. May 7.— About 400 per-
Ror.s sat ilown to Jhe banquet board of the
I'eter Cooper dollar dinner at the Coli
seum this evening. Half of this number,
perils ps. was made up of delegates to the
Populi«t convention at Sioux Falls. It
was given out on excellent authority that
the «3elegatfs had agreed to nominate Mr.
Hryan on Wednesday and to leave second
place open, to Le made the subject of a
conference. A conference committee is
to be named to meet a like committee at
Kansas Cltv.
¦ cuscd of j»ush''r>g mys*;f forward. 1 am
i» lavor of the sreatf-st Ri.-oti for tn*»
ereatPM irjrai*r c.f people. Whatever
thf convcntlcn sres lit i" no in mj" matter
w.ii be perfectly eatistaclury to me. l
i believe that \\f- Bhould s^icw. i» our motto
i — mif'ulp-cf-the-roaU. The«p side Issue*
j have wrecked th»« pro*p€-ois of many
t !>. trht politicians. Kor Instance, the sil
i ver f4i:»»!Jii(»n. which without doubt Is of
! vital inierest to every person In this
I world ha* bren cleverly sidetracked, and
; Mr. Bryan lias been smmtfd off Into the
; Issues of tn«» lato v.-ar with Spain. I be
| lieve th!s convention will reaJUrm the
! Omaha declaration ot principle*, with,
j perhaps*, r few added planks on the com-
I i.'ar:itf\ *>ly n»-w •¦juestion."
1 On the fusion question Mr. Donnelly
I was extmsety etnpnatlc. declaring that
i fusion va« n th'.r.g that he hated beyond
j all nthers. ard ho declared that there
would I'e DO fusion with the Social Labor
! party If lie could do anything to pre
| ver.t it.
Bryan Will Be the Choice at Sioux
Falls and Barker May Be Named
at Cincinnati.
POPULISTS GATHERING
FOR TWO CONVENTIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900.
2
I ,_'_'_¦____*__ WABNEB'S BEJEEDIE^
S All Advertisements S
I For the Cure of... |
• Kidney Disease |
q Bring to mind 0
• 'Warner's Safe Cure whether mentioned or not. O
J We often .read "Watch your kidneys," etc., and it natur-' •
• ally calls to mind the only world-wide famous specific that •
S has stood the test -for twenty years— Warner's Safe Cure — •
% although the advertisement may be paid to mention another o
• remedy. The public knows there is but one Kidney Rem- •
• edy, and all these advertisements for others but call War- •
9 ner's Safe Cure to mind. •
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
IVi I Hours' Ride From Los Angeles. CaJ-
CREATEST ATTRACTION'S E* THE WEST.
Second Annual Bod and Reel nihlax Tour-
nament, ausDices the "Tana Club."
Seventh Season of our Famous Marias Band.
The Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB,
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL. CAMP LIFE.
For full information, hotel rates, untqn* ar-
rangements for camplns and illustrated pam-
phlets, apply to
GEORGE W.
en Market «t.. Saa Fraxicl»co.
Or BANNIXO CO..
223 South Sprlnr at.. L«a Ancelaa. C»l.
F\AMOUS
OILROY HOT SPRINGS
The waters are noted for their thousands of
cures of Rheumatism, Govt. Lead and Mercurial
Poisoning. Liver and Kidney Diseases. Neural-
gia. Dyspepsia and all Bladder and Urinary
Complaints. Hotel and cottage* renovated.
Baths refitted and Improved. Magnificent
scenery, delightful walks. Hunting and fish-
ing. No fogs. Unequaled for health, rest anrl
recreation. Rates. 113 to $14 per weelc Trains
leave Third and Townsend streets. S. F.. > a.
m. and 2:45 p. m. daily. Carriages at Gllroy
for springs. For Illustrated pamphlets address
R. ROBERTSON. Proprietor.
TAVERN OF
Castle Crag
And . . .
Soda Springs.
SEASON OPENS JUNE 15.
Located ln th« midst of grand and tanpnaslv*
¦ mountain scenery, with Mount Shasta
and the Crags tar a>
backrround.
FINE HUNTING AND IFISH1NO.
Unsurpassed cuisine and servlco and reason-
able rates.
RAILROAD FAJtE. round trip, lnelndlnr
sleeper both ways. |>l-4.
For rates, terms and other taformatloa ad-
dresa: B. B. PIXLET. Manager.
Care Pactflo Improvement Company.
Crocker Building. San Francisco.
PARAISO HOT SPRINGS, *-*%££..
Monterey County. Cal. — For health, rest,
climate that cannot be equaled: up-to-dat*
accommodations; beautiful scenery: profusion
of flowers: hot soda, sulphur and electrlo
baths: swimming tank 30x40 feet. Our masseurs
are all graduates. Hunting and flshlng; chil-
dren's playground, croquet, lawn tennis and
danre hall: large hotel and 33 cottages a..Tor1-
tng- special accommodations for families: all
Illuminated by gas. By train. Third and Town-
xend streets. San Francisco. 9 a, m. : F1r»t and
Broadway, Oakland, 9:10 a, m. daily for Bole-
dad, then by stage over beautiful level road T
miles to springs. Round-trip tickets, $3. at S.
P. office. «13 Market street. Telephone and
postofflce. For Illustrated pamphlets and fUT-
ther Information addresa E. I». PT5RRAUL.T.
M. D-. proprietor and resident physician.
SKAnCQ HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
County; only 4fc hours
from San Francisco and but nln» miles of
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues:
be»t natural bath ln State: grand mountain
scenery; good trout streams at door; telephone,
telegraph: dally mall and expresa; FIRST-
CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE:
moraine; and afternoon stages; round trip from
San Francisco only $5 60. Tako Tlburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. J2 a day or
*12 a week. References — Any guest of the past
ti\a years; patronage constantly Increasing.
J. F. MULGREW. Proprietor.
MARK WEST
I I II SPRINGS
OPENS MAT 1st. Round Trip. $3 73. Send for
circular*. FREESE & JUERGEN3EN.
Proprietors. City office. 91S Larkln street.
Laurel Dell. Lake County. Cal
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The moat attractive place in Lake County to
wnd your vacation, iJoatlngr. bathln*. bowl-
Inc. tennis, livery, new walks. *tc. Write for
circular to H. WAMBOLD
GLENWOOD HOTEL,
Among the redwoods, Santa Cruz Mountains; S
minutes' walk from depot: cream, fruit, poul-
try: chalybears springs, swimming tank, amuse-
ment hall; acetylene gaa. Round trip. $2 so- $3
to $10 per week; free carriage. WJ1, MARTIN
Glenwood. Cal.
DIED.
CAIN— In this city. May 7. 1900, John Cain, be-
loved hup band of 'Jane Cain, mother of Mrs.
Margaret Sweeney, and stepfather of Mrs.
Patrick Comaskey. ...
! ETNotice. of funeral hereafter.
WHERE
CAN YOU GO WITH ONLY »'/4 .HOURS
OF STAGING.
AND ONLY * 8.0O FOR THE ROUNT> TRIP.
THAT WILL EQUAL FOR ONE MOMENT
THE JUSTLY CELEBRATED AND BEAU-
TIFUL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
DANCING six nl«hts of the week. GOLF.
Tennis. Bowllnr. Cement Swimming T ,*f?£"-.
ACRES of Shady Groves aad MILES ot fahady
Walks.
Finest Deer Hunting; ln the County. HunUnj:
Horses and Guld«s. Hot Mtneral and Vapor
Baths. Cold Mineral Plunges.
MALE AND FEMALE MASSEURS.
Numerous Mineral Springs of Wonderful
Curative Properties. Large Cool Rooms, lighted
by Electricity.
Call on LEE D. CRAIG. 31« MontKomery
street, or address CRAIG & WARNER. High-
land Springs. CaL ~
If you are well
Drive, wheel or hunt among; the oak-
Clad hills and lovely valleys, away from
wind and fog. Drink the mineral
waters, awlm In the biK mineral baths.
Not an ache or patn the HOT SAND.
MINERAL MUD and HOT SULPHUR
• BATHS won't drive away
At Paso Robles Hot Springs.
Every modern convenience at the hotel.
New homelike cottages. Rates for hotel,
baths and physician. $10 to »21 a week-
Write for Illustrated booklet.
SPECIAL BOUHD-TBIP REBATE TICKETS.
For further Information apply to
FRANK W. ELY. City Agent.
Tel. Red 2336. MO Market St., S. F.
Otto E. Ktvtr. Proprietor, Pno Eoblfs, CaL
- ROWARDENNAN
SOUTH BEN LOMOND. CAI*
OPENS MAY 15th under entirely new man-
agement. My personal attention will be paid
to the cuisine and service, which will be sur-
passed by none. Full Information at Traveler
office. 20 Montgomery st Drc t k or soy
FREE FROM FOGS AND COLD WINDS
CAMP MEEKER&rt ME
Redwoods of Sonoma Co.: Free Boating. Bath-
Ing-. Fishing and Hunting. Lots sell from »18
to S75 Cottages built from $30 and upward.
Board and lodging J6 per week; unfurnished
rooms, $1 per week. Mrs. Locke. 333 O'Farrell
Ft., will take parties to Inspect camp: round
trip Jl i>0. via Sausallto ferry, or address M. C.
MEEKKR. Occidental. »
VICHY SPRINGS;
Three miles from Uklah, Mendoclno County.
Natural electric waters, champagne baths; only
place In the world of this class of water*
having continuous flow of natural warm water
direct from sprlnrs to bathtubs. Lovely
grounds; fishing and hunting: crystal spring;
accommodations and table first class. Opens
April 15th.
J. A. REDEMETER & CO.. Proprietors.
nit. V. C. O'DOXMJLI/S MINERAL
SPKI>*GS at Glen Ellen Is the best camping,
picnic and pleasure resort on the Coast. Tht
greatest remedy for lung disease, liver and
Ftomacli complaints, rheumatism and catarrh in
the world: 46 miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R.
nnd S. F. and N. P. R. R. rive special rates to
campers. Thirty cottages and tents furnished;
rent cneap. No foes nor poison oak at the
park. Mineral water, boats and bathlnc free.
Inquire of DR. C. C. O'DONNF-LL.- office 1021H
Market at., bet. Sixth and Seventh. S. F. If
you want your health this In the place *.o so.
Running; water and jas
ln every room at
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
CS.- Martens. Prcr>.. Bachelor P. O..
I^ke Co.. Cal. City office. «6 Pine
>"-fv< »t. Dally swjre from Uklah— Tlbu-
ron ferry, 7:3,0 a. m.
CARLSBAD RI E N R G^
Most beautiful spot ln Lake County. Waters
unsurpassed for dropty, stomach, liver, kidney
and . bladder affecttons. Accommodation* first
class: }!0 a week: lighted by gas.
W. R. M'OOVERN. Kelgeyvllle. Lake Co.
THE yWELLESLEY,
California and Larkln Sts.. San Francisco.
Ftrlctly First-class Family Hotel.
MRS. M. MERRT. Proprietress.
BO! FOR BLUE LAKES. ',
..V'l °« opened, under new management. May
13. ( .\*w hotel being built. Fl!>hln*. hunting,
boating and hathlns. Address O. WEISMAN
Laurel, Dell P. p.. Lake County. Cal.
BEN LOMOND.
Lanre furnished honse to let: 9 room*, hot
THE GEYSERS, £--"
»t 'P N ? OF NATURE'S WONDERS
W^TfiEFME'^ana^ *" P * mpW « t '
BANTA CRUZ Monntalns—A quiet ranch. Hv«
mliea from Santa Crua: delightful summer
?£!?• ln redwoods; running water; abundance
¦xoP'p-"®** tllbl «: t«rma $3 » week. Addr«««
W. CliASfDELL. Santa, Cruz. C*L
MONTE VISTA 0PEN MA * *»t: «»« ot
>Tat! C C L° U " THOMA » E. MOROAN. Dutch
HOITT'S MENLO PARK.
and July: good accommodatlcns. excellent table.
reasonable prices. Address IRA O. HOITT.
"A!- TOCALOMA, "JJ 15
BERTRANO HOTEL-Flrst-cIas^ accommo-
datlons; reasonabla rates; for famllcs aad par-
il**- 2 shl . nc - T *!!'- t £' nlr - beatntiful drives to Bear
X« T 't ' £? S w PH F - BERTRAND or Pahls
•no* store. S24 Kearny »t., S T
YOSEMITF S^ h0Hr " trom **a
rT 'i/*b.i o *-* Tla the Bis
or aS^TfJ \ iC £llr i Fo 5.fifESS r »n<o«™»tlon call
i-^i X}^1. M i J i. WH . ITE - General A«ent.
t^> Market St.. S. F.: telephone Main 51S2.
Jumping Nerves
(**t Tell of coming danger. Xer-
y^~^N. vous headaches, slseplensness.
r ¦ y. loss of appetite, a feeling of
j 1 <>xhRUstfon. costiveness, pain
V / in . back, and weakness, all
\. J Indicate that your nerves
Jltf^ " •••¦¦'- are letting
• ¦¦ ¦ , , ,,: Kocd. bowels
are rejular. I feel Ilk? a new being
H. A. QUARTZ. Fresno. Cal.
Mrs. Gib3on says: Every, woman who is
weak and nervous should take HUDYAN. I
I know from my own experience It is the beoi
medicine on earth.
1 MRS. P. -It. -GIBSON.' Hawthorne. Kev.
l' Hr. Rich Kay*: I was run down In health
nervous, could not work, was miserable. HUD-
VAN cured m«>. .
WALTER P. ' RICH. ¦ Paris. ¦ Idaho. '
FIrs. 1—2 — 3 — 4—5 show the weak points when
nerves are Kivlnc way. IIUDYAN cures.
fiFT ItllDYAN from }«ur • druKKlst, 50c a
UE1 HUH 1 All package. 8 packages J2 30.
If your drupgist do«>« not krep H send direct
to th* HUDYAN REMEDY CO,, corner Stock-
ton. Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco. Cal.
** ~J'~ $ ' °* thc Hudya.i ..em*c«y
TinPTflR^ •<>• ,™y b 3 consulted
I JLJUU 1 UnO I by letter or in per sin.
$ -*> Wr't* ymi- svmr.tr riis
SEND FOR: CIRCULARS AND TESTIMQ-
NIALS QF THE GREAT HUDYAN-FREE.
The Place'fcr Rest and Health,
Qrchard Springs,
IN THE FOOTHILLS OF THE SIERRA NE-
vada, near Colfax. on, the C. r.' R. R. Plain,
quiet retreat;, nne*t sctnery. water, mountain
air. fruit and all-the-year-round climate in Cal-
ifornia:, idral:. Kroundit and nurroundlngs; on
railroad. -1I6 miles . from Han Francisco: 18 a
week: open all year: send for. booklet. /Address
ORCHARD SPRINGS. Chicago Tark. Cal.
PLANTATION : : H ]USE— l!Sf f
etage line. "Oood ¦ trout flshlng; - plenty^ fruit,
cream ami milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more; crand redwood scenery. Address
i J. LUTTKINGER. .Seavlew. Sonoma Co.. or ap-
l»ly MR. KRUSE. 207. Front su. for particulars.
ST. HELLNA S^ITARIUM 8 « d ul j n
Napa Valley. The Institution has all the ad-
vantages or a health resort as well as being a
fully equipped: sanitarium. Carriage meets all
!. trains at Pt.> Helena. Send for circular. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, Cal.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
UNDER NEW MANAGEMENT.
A. DOLLMAMN. Napa Soda Sprlos* P. 0.Oil Sand in Yolo.
Special -Dispatch to ..The Call. ; .
WOODLAND.- May 7.— The discovery of
oil ' sand i and other ' Indications : of oil In
the * foothills of * Western > Yolo i has , cre
ated much excitement and there is a rush
to locate in the oil-bearing districts.
DR. SHELDON'S QIFT.
Preacher-Editor Donates a Hospital
Fund to Kansas City.
TOPEKA. Kans. May 7.— The Rev.
diaries M. Sheldon has offered to give
thelclty 11000. on condition that the Coun
cil appropriate a ' like sum for the purpose
of 'erecting : : a detention hospital to. be
operated in connection with the City Jail.
'i ne city has accepted his offer and work
on the hospital will be "commenced at
once. The. hospital will be for the exclu
sive benefit of prisoners of the City Jail.
Dr. Sheldon's donation Is from his share
of the profits : resulting from the Sheldon
edition of the Capital.
Disguised in Male Attire She Will
Tour Europe With the Persian
Ruler.
LONDON. May 8— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Dally Mall says:
"The favorite wife of the Shah of Persia,
a beautiful Circassian, will accompany
him during his forthcoming tour in Eu
rope, oisgulsed In male attire."
SHAH'S FAVORITE WIFE
TO ACCOMPANY HIM
MILLER PLEADS
WITH TRUSTEES
FOR A DIPLOMA
Charges State Normal School
Teacher With Un
fairness *
Student Handles His Ovm Case and
Calls Many Witnesses, Who Tes
tify Strongly in His
Behalf.
? ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, May 7. — The charges pre
ferred against Mrs. C. L. Place, the prin
cipal of the training department of the
Stato Normal School, by Henry E. Miller
and Miss Lizzie Kelly, pupils, who were
refused. graduation, were Investigated be
fore the full Board of Trustees of the
school to-day. Trustee Frank H. Short
of Fresno presided. over the Investigation.
Other members present were: Trustees
H. C. Brown of San Jose, F. A. Leavitt
of Oakland. F. : W. Pierce ot Woodland,
George Sweigert of San Jose and State
Superintendent , Kirk of Sacramento.
Miller's : c.iso whs the tirst^ taken up.
The charges against Mrs. -. Place were
read. Miller was conditioned in manual
training In the training department by
Mrs.- Place and refused graduation and
later the faculty passed a resolution refus
ing Miller further admission to the school.
In the charges he accuses Mrs. Place of
being not ai-.lU and proper person for her
position In 'that she is easily, biased and
prejudiced: guilty of practices unbecom
ing a- teacher: that she conditioned schol
ars without cause and told deliberate
falsehoods tobolstcr up her. acts.' Miller
also charges that Mrs. Place circulated
thai statement, that '•¦he was mentally un
balanced: andr had- been -refused gradua
tion In r other, normal schools and In this
manner, greatly injured him." .. ..-;
Mrs. J. W. , Rockwell was tho first wit
ness for Miller. She said Mrs. Place said
Miller was mentally unbalanced and 'un
fit-to have charge of a; school: that the
boys called. him "Crazy Miller.'-' He had
gone around and visited parents of pu
pils" under' him and- these parents had
complained. Mrs.'. Place said his morals
were good,- In methods he stood > well, but
he was deficient In Intellect.
George « SciiulUberg, a pupil.' Bald while
a member of the Youne Men's Normal
Debating v Society ' the . organization had
unanimously adopted a resolution declar
ing Miller of "high Christian .character"
and that "he is level-headed and should
receive and is entitled to a diploma.".
A large batch of evidence was then pre
sented by Miller to prove his sanity.i Dr.
Lincoln. Cothran; had known Miller for
some time. At first he thought Miller an
irresponsible crank, but heiwas soon con
vinced '•Miller v was .sane in "every respect,
the same ¦ as most people. : Ha - was - pos-
. The stage name of young Mrs. Brie©
was Lucille Lavergne, and she came, from
Wilmington. Del;" Her real maiden name
was . Florence Lucille Ricketts. During
Ills course at Harvard as a member of the
class of '09 ' young Brice was one of J . the
leading social lights of the college and be
longed t(r the most exclusive clubs; in
cluding the.Hasty Pudding, of \ whlch^he
was president during his senior. year.- He
belongs to the most exclusive sets in-New
York and Newport. • . •
BOSTON. May 7.— There was a decided
sensation at Harvard to-day when it; was
announced that John Francis Brice. a son
of former Senator Brice, the late million
aire and promoter of. gigantic industries,
and himself a millionaire, is married to a
chorus girl. . The marriage took place In
Philadelphia during the April recess. Mr.
ami Mrs. Brice, according to the engraved
invitations that were received at Harvard
to-day, will be at home at the Brice resi
dence on Fifth avenue in New York City. 1
Announcement Made of the Quiet
Marriage of John Francis ¦¦
Brie©.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILLIONAIRE'S SON ....
WEDS A CHORUS GIRL
In connection with this story the Frels
sinnlge Zeltung recalls that Emperor Wil
liam on ascending the throne was solicited
by the highest officer of the army to ap
point himself a general, having been
hitherto a major general, and that the
Kaiser complied. • ;
To-day some additional facts about the
festivities in connection with the coming
of age of the Crown Prince became
known. It seems that Emperor William
received telegrams of warmest congratu
lations from • Kmperor Nicholas. Queen
Victoria. King Humbert, King Ixjopold.
King Charles of Roumanla and the Kin*;
and Queen of Sweden. During the gala
banquet Emperor William conferred the
Order of the Black Eagle on the Duke ot
Operto. The members of the Russian
military delegation received high decora
tions, "in the course of the reception Em
peror William called Count von Walder
pee to the throne and Informed him of
his appointment as tield marshal general.
"Thereupon," rays the Lokal Anzeiger.
"Field Marshal General Prince Albert of
Prussia, as the oldest officer in the Ger
man army, and General von Hahnke
asked Emperor William in- the name of
the army to appoint himself a field mar
shal. The Kaiser's decision is expected
very soon."
BERLIN. May 7.— Although Emperor
Francis Joseph and the princely visitors
have gone Berlin has not yet resumed Its
normal aspect. Notwithstanding the ab
normal heat to-day the streets were un
usually crowded, many persons only now
venturing out to see the decorations.
Asked by High Officials to Become a
Tield Marshal of the German
Army.
KAISER IMPORTUNED TO
HONOR HIS ROYAL SELF
John, for many years a prominent citizen
of this county, died at his late residence
near Arroyo Grande to-day. I Deceased
was a native of Ohio and had served In
Company H. Seventy-third Indiana Vol
unteers. Two sons, one of whom. Warren
M. John, Is connected with a local and a
San Francisco paper and was recently
elected grand senior beadle of. the Grand
Court of Foresters, survive him.
An investigation of the charges made bv
Lizzie Kelly will follow the Miller case
and It. Is more than probable she will be
given a . diploma,, although the facts of
her case are very similar to that of Mil
ler's.
But few spectators have so far been
present. Miller is conducting his own
case and as prosecutor has dug up an
immense amount of evidence, mucn of
which will count for naught. If he were
given full swing tho investigation would
last several days. The general impres
sion Is that the faculty will be sustained
and Miller will not get his certificate.
The trustees took a trip to Congress
Springs this evening and failed to hold
the evening session. The Investigation
will be resumed to-morrow morning at 9
o'clock. At that time Miller will take
the stand and tell his story and Mrs.
Place -will follow with a general denial of
all the facts brought out by Miller. Some
Interesting testimony is expected.
A letter was read by the Trustees that
Miller had written to Governor Gage, in
which he appealed to the executive to
Interfere and have a thorough investiga
tion. In criticising the school Miller said:
"I will admit that if we had a man for
president and the school was out of per
sonal politics this state of affairs might
be, remedied to a certain extent, but with
a so-called man with the backbone of an
angleworm presiding over its destinies it
only shows what may be done in an In
stitution without law."
sossed of preat perseverance and dis
played these staying powers under obsta
cles that would stagger most people. Let
ters testifying to Miller's sanity were
read from Drs. £• E. Hailstone and Keith
of this city, Drs. A. K. Fowler and W.
D. Towsley of Ohio, Dr. Stansbury of
Chico and Dr. Shurtlefl of L.03 Anseles.
Melville Dozier, vice president of the
Los Angeles Normal School, in a letter
said Miller had not been expelled from
that school, but had left of his own free
will.
Will Resist the Bolivians, but Are
Willing: to Recognize Brazilian
Sovereignty.
Bpecl«J cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyriiht. 1900. by the Herald Pub
lishing Comi>any.
BUENOS AYRliS, May 7.— The Herald's
correspondent in Itlo Janerio, Brazil, tele
graphs that a dispatch from Para says
th« inhabitants of Acre have organized an
array of 2iKK> • men - under Colonel ¦ Braga.
The Brazilian people arc firmly deter
mined to repulse the Bolivian army now
approaching. The revolutionary junta of
Acre has published a manifesto declaring
the people will never submit to Bolivia,
but would accept Brazilian sovereignty. -
Death of George A. John.
Fpoelal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN LUIS OBISPO. May 7.— George A.
INHABITANTS OF ACRE
ORGANIZE AN ARMY
United States Now Awaiting a Re
sponss to Its Latest
Note.
WASHINGTON, May 7.— The announced
Intention of the Turkish Government to
transfer the conduct of the negotia
tions respecting the American indemnity
claims from Constantinople to Washing
ton has not been manifested as yet in any
official form. The Department of State
is thoroughly satisfied with the manner
In which Mr. Griscom. the United States
charge d'affaires at Constantinople, has
conducted his work and has no disposi
tion to change Its methods Jn the mid
dle of a negotiation such as this. There
have been no recent exchanges of notes
or even verbal representations respecting
the American demands, and, possibly, this
temporary lull may be the foundation for
the supposition that the negotiations have
been transfererd to Washington.
At this particular juncture the United
States Government has had the last say
and is now awaiting a response from the
Turkish Government to a very forcible
presentation of the reasons why It should
redeem th« Sultan's promise, made to Mr.
Straus and to his predecessors, to pay
for the American missionary property de
stroyed.
Henry Seligman and Frederick
. Strauss Bitterly Denounce
John W. Gates,
NEW YORK. May 7.— At to-day's meet
ing of the board of directors of the Amer
ican Steel and Wire Company Henry W.
Seli^man and Frederick W. Strauss re
signed from the board. Subsequently the
following was made public:
To t!ie Board of Directors of the American
Eteel and Wire Company — Gentlemen: We have
to-day resigned from the directory of the
American Steel and Wire Company because
John \V. ¦ Gates did not at to-day's meet
ing retire from the : management of the
company, a* we had been Eiven to un
derftand that he would. Our reasons for con
tinuing to act ss director* until now may
perhaps deserre further explanation. On the.
morning of the April meeting of the board
we ri»c«?ived assurances from sources on which
we thought ourselves entitled to rely that
the reslcnatlon of Mr. Gates an chairman
would be offered about May L While it is true
that while, continuing In the board we exposed
ourselves to possible misconstruction we risked
this in the belief that by delay we should ac
complish what every one must reoojmlze was
demanded by the best Interest! of the com
pany, namely, Mr. Gates' retirement from the
management, and we realized that under the
by-laws of the company to force Mr. Gates'
retirement wa» practically Impossible and that
the*e affuranws promised more substantial re
sults than the contemplated attempt to force
his Immediate resignation.
Mr. Gates, however, continues to control the
company, and under these circumstances it be
comes impossible for us longer to continue in
the. directory, and In order that the stockhold
ers of the company may fully understand both
our reasons for oontlnulng In the board and
for resigning from It we shall give such pub
licity to this letter a* we may think proper.
Toura truly. HEN'RT SELIGMAN.
FREDERICK STRAUSS.
STATUS OF OUR ROW
WITH THE SULTAN
RESIGN FROM STEEL
COMPANY DIRECTORY
If the constitution does not extend to Porto
Rico and our other new acquisitions of terri
tory. Congress has the untrammeltd absolute
power to establish subject governments or
make laws for such territories: It has the
power to establish dependent monarchies or
satrapies, etate religions and even slavery.
The argument of one of the Senator* referred
to that the last clause of the thirteenth amend
ments prevents the establishment there of
slavery is obviously lame and impotent, for If
the constitution does not extend to thow* parts
of the domain of the United States, nor limit
Congress In Its powers ot legislation over
them, by what process will this single clause
of an amendment of that Instrument detach
Itself from the skin of the parchment and alone
fasten Itself upon these new territories? If It
be considered that this clause, of the thirteenth
amendment, rex proprla vigore, extends to these
new territories, or limits the powers of Con
gress respecting them, every clause of that
Powers of Congress.
Our general covernment was founded by the
men of the revolution who had rebelled against
the arbitrary power asserted by Great Britain
to govern her outlying colonies at the. will ot
her Parliament. They established the Gov
ernment upon the as&erted .theory that all Just
powers of government come from the consent
of the governed. They founded, as described
by President Lincoln in language not yet rot
gotten. "A government of the people, by the
people, for the people." It will be. Indeed,
marvelous If It Is to appear that these men
who then founded our imtlonal Ciovernment so
constructed It that It Is capable of ruling
with unlimited power a subject people who
have neither ruarantees to protect them nor
any voic« In the Government. This is foreign
absolutism — the worst form of tyranny.
The decision has evoked great inter
est throughout the country, as It bears
largely on constitutional questions which
have arisen on the question of Porto
Rico as a territory of the United States.
The decision states:
Judge Lochren refused the application
In an oral decision Thursday last and to
day filed an exhaustive opinion thereon.
Ortiz was convicted by a military tribu
nal In Porto Rico for the murder of a
United States soldier and condemned to
die. Tho Fentence was commuted to life
Imprisonment.
The application for release was based
on the claim that .the military authorities
had no Jurisdiction over Ortiz; that peace
had been declared and that he should
have had a civil trial.
ST. PAUL, May 7.— Judge Lochren to
day filed in the United States Cir
cuit Court his decision on the ap
plication of Rafael Ortiz, a Porto
Rlcan. to be released from the Min
nesota State Prison.
It muft be held that upon the cession by Spain
to the Ur:!t<;d States of the Island of Porto Ulco
that Island became a part of the dominion of
the United States, as much as Is Arizona or
Minnesota, and that the constitution ot. the
United States, ex proprla vlrore, at once ex
tended over that Island; and that this extension
Part of the United States.
The constitution must be In force over a ter
ritory before the general Government can have
any authority to legislate respecting It. No
foreign sovereign can invest the general Gov
ernment with any legislative power.
The novel doctrine that the power of Congress
to govern territory ceded to the United States
may be conferred by a foreign sovereign by and
through the terms of the treaty ot cession, and
that the general Government can exercise
powers thus granted by a foreign sovereign in
dependent of and In disregard of the constitu
tion until Congress, mayhap In the future, shall
by Its enactment see fit to extend the constitu
tion over the territory. Is contrary to the hold-
Ing of the Supreme Court of the United States
to the effect that the general Government Is one
of the enumerated powers and can claim and
exercise no power not granted to It by the con
stitution, either expressly or by necessary im
plication. It Is clear that the general Govern
ment cannot legislate over territory where the
constitution from which Its very power is de
rived does not extend.
The power of the general Government to ac
quire additional territory rests upon Its consti
tutional power to make war. which may result
In conquest, and Its like power to make treaties,
which may brine territory by cession. The
power to govern such acquisition of territory
results from the power to admit States and
to make all needful rules and regulations re
ppectlnK the territory or other property belong
ing to the United States.
This clause authorizes Congress to legislate In
respect to a territory In local as well as na
tional matter before Its admission to statehood
In the Union.
Acquisition of Territory.
instrument, for the like reason. Is equally
potent To say that a' clause In the constitu
tion does not extend, to a territory, but does
limit the power of Congress In legislating for
that territory. '» to draw j a distinction too
fine to be practical.
The argument, much repeated, that If the
national Government of the United States has
not the :>ower to deal with these new terri
tories untrammeled by the constitution. Its
power Is less than that possessed by the other
governments of the civilized world, is admitted.
It proves nothitw. The national Government ot
the United States f« one of very limited pow
ers. In respect to its own people, in Its entire
domain, and generallj*. except in respect to
Us power to <leal with foreign nations and
concerning matters expressly committed to it
by the constitution. Its powers are much less
than that possessed by other governments. Xo
on-? will disoute this.
The national Government of the United States
was created and Its powers and Jurisdiction
granted i.nd limited by the Federal co-vtltu
tion. Its powers can only be Increased by
amendment of that Instrument.
of the constitution grave Congress, whese every
power must come, from that Instrument, the
authority to legislate In respect to that Island
as a part of the United States territory. It fol
lows that all the provisions of the constitution
In respect to personal and property rights, in
cluding the right to trial by jury In criminal
prosecutions, became at once, when the cession
was completed, a part of the supreme law of
the land. The character of an offense and the
nature of Its punishment would te determine-!
by the law li> force where and when the act
was committed, and laws of that character re
main In force after the cession until changed,
but the manner of trial must depend on the Jaw
in force when the trial Is had, even though the
establishment and organization of courts nnut
be awaited before the trial can be had.
The decision states that military law
being the solo authority the acts of a
military court were entirely legal and the
petition for a writ of habeas corpus was
denied.
RESIDENTS OF CUBA
ARE NOT AMERICANS
Involving the Status of tha
Islanders.
Circuit Judge Lacombe's Decision
NEW YORK. May 7.— Judse Lacombe
of the United States Circuit Court to-day
overruled the demurrer entered In the
suit of Forney Betancourt of Matanzas,
Cuba. widow of Miguel Betancourt,
against a life Insurance company to re
cover $10,000 with interest on a policy is
sued by the association. ' In his opinion
Judge Lacombe says:
¦ The action is brought in the Federal court by
reason of diversity of citizenship. The demur
rer asserts that the court has no Jurisdiction
on the subject of action. The entire reliance of
the deniurrant appears to be upon the proposi
tion that there is not the diversity of citizen
ship which the statute requires by reason of the
fact th.it the plaintiff is a citizen of Cuba. It ts
contended that in some way or other the treaty
with Spain on December 10, 1838. did, from the
date of Its ratification, remove him from the
category of "foretfmers, citizens or subjects."
Uy th« first article of the treaty between the
United States and Spain Spain relinquished all
claim of sovereignty over the title to Cuba. and.
as the Island ts. upon Its evacuation by Spain,
to be occupied by the United States, the United
States will, so long as such occupation shall
last, assume and discharge the obligations that
may under International law result from the
occupation for the protection of life and prop
erty.
There Is nothlry; In all the treaty which lends
color to the proposition that the plaintiff Is not
a forelen citizen. The political branch of thl3
Government hns found as a political fact that
the people of Cuba are "free and independent."
« - ¦ ¦..¦-...¦¦ , ¦ ¦
Judge Lochren Says Congress Cannot
Go Beyond the Document From
Which It Derives All Its Powers.
CONSTITUTION MUST
EXTEND TO PORTO RICO
Russians Avenge the Murder of a
Captain in the Province of
][/.-';¦ Manchuria.
LONDON, May 8.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Times says: Reports
have reached here of serious friction be
tween the Russians and tho Chinese In
Manchuria, on the railway construction
route. In one case a detachment of thirty
five Chinese soldiers shot the Russian cap
tain of ten Cossacks who were doing
police duty: The Cossacks attacked and
pursued the Chinese cutting them down.
CHINESE SOLDIERS AND
COSSACKS IN BATTLE
SAN RAFAEL, May 7.— Constable Wil
liam Treanor arrested J. Wilson and H.
"Williams, two bunko men from 8an
Francisco, at Fairfax Park yesterday.
Walter Ross, a resident of San Rafael,
had won $5 in the roulette game the men
were running and could not collect his
money. He notified Treanor. who seized,
the men's outfit and arrested them. They
will appear for trial before Judge Gardner
on Friday.
Gamblers Arrested.
Special DIapatch to The Call
The Russian Government sent a com
plaint to Peking, demanding the punish
ment of the Chinese officials of the dis
trict. China complied. There have been
several murders and mutilations of Rus
sian engineers by Chinese brigands.
BAKERSFIELD, May 7.— News reached here to-day of the murder of an
Indian named Logan In the valley of the south fork of Kern River.
It was reported at the Chico ranch that an Indian had been killed and
Frank Chico went over to investigate. When he reached the rancheria he
found T.ncan lying on the ground. The head was almost severed from the
body. The face was badly mutilated and there were numerous gashes on
the body.
The killing was said to have been done by an Indian known a3 Ozo
Fernando, and Frank Chico and Ollie Matcher trailed him to the house of
Modoza. further down the river. They informed Modoza that his Ruest was
a murderer and the three succeeded in tying Ozo with rope and delivered him
to Judge Sumncr.
When Ozo was taken his clothes were covered with blood and his pocket
knife smeared with it. It is supposed Logan was stupid with drink and
that Ozo in a drunken frenzy proceeded to cut off his companion's head.
Mutilated Body of an Indian Found on
a Ranch in Kern River
4/
DECAPITATED COMPANION
WITH A POCKET-KNIFE
Typhoid— April 2S, Company D. Thirty-ninth
Infantry. Henry J- Adamson; April 19. Com
pany F, Forty-second Infantry. Frank S.
¦\veede.
ChoJocvyt Ip— April 2S. Company E. Twenty
sixth Infantry, Thomas J. Welsh.
Variola -May 4, Company C, Twelfth In
fantry. Thomas Osborn.
i Prls:l)t« disease— May 4. Company D, Forty
[ second Infantry. James Jackson.
I Mpnlnsitis— May 1. Company B. Thlrty-nrth
i Infantry. Corporal James R. Tyson.
j DiM from wounds received in action— April
13, Company H, Forty-eighth Infantry, Ser
i g?ar.t Wiley J. BrloVey.
Ptrlnephritis absceps— May 1. Company M.
Forty-seventh Infantry. Jopeph E. Rhodes.
Dysentery — May 3. Troop C. Eleventh Cav
alry. i;f.,,rc»> W^. Howe, Scmon H. Sexton.
Tubereulos!*— May 4. Company C. Foity
fourth Infantry, Courtney Smith.
Killed by unknown parties-Manila, knife
wounds of thorax. April I?. Company A,
Signal Corps. Sergeant Alexander C. Blair.
' • MACARTHUR.
TVASHIXGTOX. May 7.— General Mac-
Arthur has cabled the following list of
casualties among the troops:
MANILA, May T.-Dcaths: Pyaemia— April
2. Company C. Nineteenth Infantry, John C.
Howard.
Malarial rever— May 1. Company K. Ninth
Infantry. Georpe CTO. Winke; April 2S. com
pany U, Thirteenth Infantry^ Burton C. Cot
trell.
Ri.uwOOD CITY. May 7.— George Hill, a younp man employed as butler
at the Charles Crocker place at Burlingame, departed last Friday without
notica to his employer. It has since been ascertained that he took with
him between 5S000 and $3000 worth of Jewelry', including valuable diamonds.
The officers are on h'.s track with photo?. As he has been employed at vari
ous places about the country and is well known there Is good prospect of
his capture.
As soon as the robbery was discovered the police of San Mateo lost no
time In telegraphing; a description of the stolen diamonds to Captain of De
tectives Seymour. The latter detailed Detectives Harper and Sullivan to
make a search of the pawnshops, as it was believed that the thief would
try to dispose of them. After a Ions search the detectives finally succeeded
in locating nearly all of the stolen property in a pawnshop in the tenderloin
. district.
The description given of the man who disposed of them tallies exactly
with that riven of Hill, the butler, who la accused of the robbery.
L**t night thm detectives were scouring the city for' the thief. A* he Is
well BuppMed with money they fear that he has already left the city. Word
bta been rent to the various chiefs of police in the Interior and throughout
the East to be on the lookout for him. As Hill is well known the police are
aatlsSed that he cannot escape.
AGUINALDO
HAS REJOINED
REBEL FORCES
With General Tino He Re
assembles His Filipino
. Armv-
Skirmishes Reported Prom Many
Parts of tlie Island, in Which
Insurgent Losses Were
Heavy.
Catarman, In North Samar, In the vicin
ity of Catublg. F Company of the Forty
third Regriment was garrisoning: the place.
The enemy built trenches on the outskirts
of the town during the night and fired
volleys persistently into it until the
Americans, charging the trenches, scat
tered the Filipinos and killed 150 of them.
Two Americans were wounded. This at
tack was precipitated by the enemy's re
cent successful fight at Catubig. The gar
rison of Oatarman has been removed to
the seaport of Laguan. A force of Fili
pinos, estimated to number 200 men. arm
ed with rifies and bolos, and operating
four muzzle-loading cannon, attacked
Jaro, on I>eyte Island. April 15, which
place was garrisoned by twenty-five men
of Company B of the Forty-third Regi
ment, Lieutenant Estes commanding. Es
tes left fifteen men to protect the town,
and with the remaining ten men he ad
vanced on the enemy in two squads, shel
tered by the ridges south of the town,
whence they stood off the Filipinos for
three hours. Then twenty armed mem
bers of the local police force sallied out to
help Estes' Americans. The latter, with
the police, charged the enemy, and to
gether they dispersed the Filipinos, and
after the fight was over burled IK of
them. There were no American casual
ties.
List of Casualties.
Gems Were Pawned in This City by a
Party Answering Description of
Missing Man.
1IANTLA, May 7. — Telegrams received
here from General Young report that
Agnir.aldo has rejoined the rebel general,
Tlno, In the ncrth and that they have re
tcserr.bled a considerable force in the
mountains. General Young desires to
strike them before the rains and asks for
reinforcements.
The tenor of the dispatches indicates
that General Young: Is certain that A&ain
cJdo Is with Tino, and It is presumed they
tre preparing to fight-
A detachment of the Forty-seventh
Regiment met iis'.d routed a band of the
enemy between Legaspi and Riago,
pro vine* of Albay. April 13. Two Ameri
cans were killeJ and five wore wounded.
inc!yding two officers. Tne Filipinos lost
heavily. The conditions around L*>paspl
end Sorsono arc reported as considerably
disturbed.
Th« rebel attacks on the American gar
rison? Jn th« Visayan Islands recently
have res-alicd in the killing of 2S0 of the
enemy ivnd the woxindir.g of two Ameri
can*.
At daybreak. May 1. <00 rebels, a hun
dred r,f them arro*d with rifles, attacked
CROCKER JEWELS STOLEN
AND BUTLER SUSPECTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900.
BUT HOW DO 1 KNOW YOU WOULDN'T TRANSFER IT
—Detroit News.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Why tHflo with health
when tho easiest and
surest help is the best
known medicine in the
world?
I Lydia EL Pbikhzm's Vegetable Compound I
is known everywhere and
thousands of women have
been cured of serious kid-
joey derangements by iU
) Mrs* Pinkham's meth-
ods have the endorse-
ment of the mayor, tho
postmaster and others of
ber own city.
Her medicine has the
endorsement of an un-
numbered multitude of
women whose
totters are' constantly
printed in this paper.
Every woman should read
these letters*
: Mrs. Pinkham advises
suffering women free of
charge. Her address Is
Lynn, fifiass.
No More Dread
of the Dental Chair.
TEETH EXTRACTED AND FILLED AB-
EOM'TELY WITHOUT PAIN, by our Ute
Bder.tlSc method applied to the gums. So
tlerp-prorfucinK apents or cocatn*.
Thwe are the only <lr»nta! parlorn Sn San
Francisco havinjr I'ATK.VTKD APPLIANCES
*nd ir\gr»ai<".\'.s 10 «-xtract. fill an.1 apjiljr T*M
crowns fcrid |x>tT*!ain crown* undctectabUs fr->nj
natural :*>*th. »-.n-l warranted for ten years.
WITHOUT TUB LEAST PAIN. Full set of
t»nh $•"•. a perfect ft ciaracteed or no pay.
Go!d crowns. 15. Gold fiillnics. Ji. silver fill- :
insr. f-Oc All work done by GRADUATE DEN-
TISTS of from J2 to 10 yearn" experience, and
c*ch department in charge of a specialist. Give
v« a call, end you will find us to do exactly
s« w« advertise. We will tell you In advance
exactly what your work will co»t by a FltEE
EXAMINATION.
New York Dental Parlors,
723 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
HOURS. S to S; 6UXDAT6. 10 to 4.
MAIN OFFICE ..PORTLAND
I quality 1
H ijfS F clothing can bear this label you may |i
P jjjjj! be sure that it is the best clothing, for M
m iflHl it ls rnade by the most skilled and |3
H 5s trained workmen in the world — only | 7 |
jH union men. We are authorized to put If
|H the label on our clothing because we employ B|
H solely union labor. It stands to reason that our ||
H clothing is high grade and first class, for we ||j
|wj have the help to make it so. ||j
Hi We buy cloth direct from the mills in big i|
gl quantities. Our discounts are your benefit. We 13
1 also sell closely. Although we pay high wages, p
H our prices are low. j£|
|1 We would like to demonstrate this to you M
I j in our good, ready made p3
I all=wool suit!
il Our assortment constitutes over 30 very E|
H desirable patterns in fancy and mixed cheviots |§
IS in heavy and summer weights, also black and '|gj
P| 'blue cheviots and clays, either in single or double g3
|H breasted sacks. Some are fashionable checks, i|
§U some neat stripes, others are mixed and some Ip
PI come in solid colors. They are all wool, fast |1
H colored and guaranteed Money returned in |i
H| every instance where we are at fault. |3
I Boys' Wash Suits I
HI For boys from 3 to 10 years old we have something f/3
H very neat and novel in wash suits. They have short la
||g pants and sailor blouses; inside the blouse is a patent |ij
H waistband to which the pants are buttoned. This does &$
H not affect the '.vaist at all, but allows it to remain in the Mi
||| proper position. There are a number of patterns to ES
II choose from. AH suits are neatly trimmed; prices t-^J
H $| so erri M
Hj Out-of-town orders filled— write for illustrated catalogaa. \i\
§ Sfl-WOOPfrfQ- 1
B 718 Market Street. ||Paterson s testimony ended the pro
ceeding for the day. Judge TroUtt said
mat upon the showing made he could
make no modification of the decree at
present. He was willing, however, to
hear further testimony and the matter
will again come up at a time to be agreed
upon by the attorneys for the litigants.
bnortly after the adjournment Attorner
lioaraman filed a writ of habeas corpus
commanding Colonel Macceau to produce
the body of baby Theo before Judge Cook
on Wednesday that its custody may be
a^V a J". ?' after dup consideration of the
child s interests. The petition for a writ
of Injunction restraining Colonel Marceau
from attempting to exercise any authority
over the child by virtue of the much
talked of agreement was filed earlier in
the day and a week's good fighting be
tween the parents will be the result.
While the dry proceedings of the law
were going on a throbbing human drama
t Principals in Human Interest Drama in Troutt's Court, f
nlhl 1 ? Perusing It and that It was "all
right. He offered no advice nor any
OUlpetinnvi *
was being played in the courtroom. Babv
ineo, who c.ime to court with his doughty
papa, sat quietly beside him. His mother
entered the room, and though babv Theo's
eyes sought hers he moved not from the
sine of his father. Then Marccau took
the stand and the baby bounded toward
his mother. The mother's eyes/ were wet,
but the Laty's eyes were bright and dry
and happy. Brother Alien decorated the
tiny tot with a pink camellia bouto-«--icro
ana gave him a bottle of perfume. When
the colonel came down from the stand
baby Theo went- back to his father's side,
v n .,! raw , lnR lHc c«rk from his cologne
bottle spilt nil the perfume over his dis
tinguished parent's trousers. -
l ;' V y h^ n^ tne da >*' s Proceedings were over
baby Theo marched off with "papa " not
however, before being clasped In his
mother s' arms.
"Isn't it awful?" said the heart-broken
mother between sobs when her baby was
F^T'v,/' 1 - 511 ' 1 it^, a i wfu17 IIab >' J us * t° 1( J me
that his papa did not wish him to look at
me.
i <=ir=!HE preliminary skirmish in the
battle for the custody of Baby
jj Theo, the 6-year-old t:on of Colonel
Marceau and his ex-v.ife, Mrs. Fiske
i Marceau-Fennell, was fought in Judge
j Troutt's court yesterday.
The legal end of the proceedings was
; flat and unprofitable. The question to be
i decided by the court was Mrs. Fer.nell's
j motion to set aside the order made by
: Judge Troutt accepting the inuch-dis
! cussed agreement.
Louis P. Boardman. Mrs. Fennell's at
| torney, contended that the order was not
i the result of judicial determination and
\ that It was based upon an alleged iigree
j ment between Colonel Marceau and his
cx-wife. This agreement, Boardman
claimed, could not form the basis for a
valid order, and he therefore, in his
client's name, demanded its revocation.
Colcnel Marceau, Attorney Paterson and
Attorney McPike successively took the
stand and Identified the agreement offered
in evidence. Marceau said he had signed
the agreement; that at first it was decided
that Mrs. Fennell, Attorneys Paterson
and MePlke and himself should go to j
court in a little family party and have the ',
document filed. But at the last moment
the colonel shied from the possibility of ;
bumping Into a newspaper reporter at the
City Hall, and the excursion was called
off, it being decided that Attorney Pater
son should go alone to attend to the mat
ter the following day. Paterson corrob
orated Marceau's' statement and McPike
told how he was telephoned for and went
to Judge Paterson's" office and 'found Mrs.
Fennell. her ex-husband and Judge Pater
son there. At Paterson's request McPike
had a few moments' private Interview
with his client. He had started to read |
the agreement she was about to enter
Into, but when half way through Mrs.
Marceau told him there was no necessity
SACRAMENTO. May 7.-Mrs. John
Fchwoitzor to-cay attacked Mrs. Charles
B. Harris with c carvinj? knife, inflicting
wnur.ds on the r.rl!=t and forearm The
¦wounds are not serious. The women live
In the same bouse. They have been at
outs fer some time. No arrests.
Woman TJs^s a Knife.
SAX ANTONIO. Tex.. May 7.— A terri-
Me windstorm struck Ban Antonio at 4
o'clock this mornlni?, doing preat damage.
The San Antonio Loan and Trust Com
pany's buil»Mrp was demolished. The loss
is estimated at $73,000. No loss of life Is
reported.
Storm in Texas.
Admits That He Has an Agreement
"With Fruit Growers' Express.
LCS ANGELES. May 7.-E. T. Earl.
president of the Earl Fruit Company and
of the Continental Fruit Express, testi
fied to-cay before the Interstate Com
merce Commission that there is an under
ftandinp t.ctween his express line and the
Fruit Qroven' Express determining the
rumher nf rar3 which each Is to use In the
citrus fruit business, but he has refused
to divuicre the nature of the understand- !
Jnpr. Last Saturday Mr. Earl evaded this !
question and said that if there was such i
rn understanding it concerned other •
lields than the 'itrus fruit section. The '
admission is Trken by the complainants ;
rr. the case to irnply that in consideration j
Of an <>ven division of the citrus fruit '
business, aftfr the fianta Fe refrigerator !
line hr.s furnished 25 per cent of the cars i
the Continental Fruit Express agrees to i
onnorpsinns to the Fruit Growers' Ex- j
press in other linos of trade.
The complainants in the case believe I
that the admission of Mr. Earl of the ex-
Irtcnce of an understanding between the
two car lines Js proof of a combine to re- i
strain trade, constituting a violation of :
tne interstate commerce act.
EARL TESTIFIES.
WASHINGTON. May ' 7.-At to-day's
cession of the Senate Teller, of Colorado
delivered a speech in which he strongly
urg-ed the Sor.aie to extend Its (sympathy
to the IJoers In the rontost with the Brit
ish. The adoption of this resolution of
eyrr.pathy. he maintained, could not be
considered as an unfriendly act by the
British Government.
During ihe remainder of the session the
Eer.ate held under consideration the naval
appropriation bill. Chandler's amendment
to curtail the increase of the marine corps
treated some debate and was finally laid
en th* table. 30 to II. The bill was not
comi>:e:ed. Notice was given that . the
armor-plate provision wduifJ be considered
in secret session on account of certain
facts that wer« lo be called to the Sen
ate's atttntion.
This \va« suspension day in the House
and quite a number of btl's were passed.
The most Important was the Senate bill
to amend the general pension laws so as
to provide for eegri gating disabilities
under tho ax>t of lfi<0 without regard to
on?m and to increase the net In
come a widow :r.iy have without destroy
ing her ri^ht to a pension from $95 to $250.
The purpose cf the bill is to modify rul
inp-s of the Pension Office In accordance
v.-ith the lecomrrendatjonK of the Grand
Army of ihe Republic. It was passed
•without a dissemir.s voice. Th» bill to
increase the appropriation for the Na
tional Guard from 5400.0iX> to $1,000,000 also
wa5 among thos? passed. Sulzcr of Ntw
l ork Kttempte-1 to secure action upon his
resolution oxpreFSing sympathy with the
Boers, but was cut off by the" Speaker.
TJpper House to Discuss in Secret
tha Armor-Plate Provision -
of the Naval
BilL
Teller Addresses the Senate
in Support of His
Resolution. •
URGES A VOTE
OF SYMPATHY
FOR THE BOERS
BABY THEO COMES TO COURT
WITH HIS DOUGHTY PAPA
Colonel Marceau and His Ex-Wife Glare at Each Other
During the Preliminary Skirmish for the
Custody of Their Child.
County Printing in Santa Clara Must
Bear Union Label.
Special Dteratch to The Call.
SAN JOSE. May 7.-A11 the county print-
Ing from this time on must bear the union
label. This action was taken by the Board
of Supervisors to-day at the request of
San Jose Typographical Union No. 231.
and Is a complete victory for union labor
Two resolutions were adopted— one that
all county printing given out by the Su
pervisors must bear the label of the typo
graphical union, and all county officers in
f\f\ in ?. ""( o L k , done are requested to see
that the label ls on the work. The other
resolution provides that no paper shall be
selected as the county official organ
which does not pay the typographical
union scale and is entitled to use the union
label. ,
The City Council at the next meeting
will be asked to adopt similar resolutions
governing city printing. At present the
city official organ, the Herald, and the
county official organ, the News, are non
union offices, and as both contracts ex
pire this month they must square up in
order to be able to ask again for the
printing.
Robbed by Footpads.
LOS ANGELES, May 7.— Fritz Estrath
man, an employe of a saloon, was knock
ed down by footpads last night at the cor
ner of Winston and Los Angeles streets
and robbed of $8. his watch, chain and"
rings. He di-1 not report the matter to
the police until to-day. He has a bruise
on the back of his head, where the blow
was received, hut was not seriously In
jured. The police are still making ar
rests of alleged footpads.
Many Men Have Left the Klondike
for the Koyukuk Dig
gings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., May 7.-Xew 3 was re
ceived to-day from Big Salmon River via
Dawson to the effect that the gold dig
gings there are both rich and permanent.
Manager Hess of ' the Anglo-Cnnadian
Trading Company brought news to Daw
son that numerousmuggets valued at from
$160 to J2S0 have been taken from Discov
ery and adjoining claims on Livingston
Creek. %\ hen he left few claims were be
ing worked because the claim owners had
gone outside to get their friends. Living
ston Creek ls staked from 37 below to 4S
above Discovery. Thirty claims have been
staked on Cottoneva and Mendodno
creeks^
The original locators on Livingston were
Gilmer, McClelland and Hall. They were
Informed of the new diggings by Cava
raugh and Peters, who had staked Sam
Lough. Lough notified Peters and Cava
naugh that he had found a new camp
They went in accompanied by the three
men named and Hess. This was last fall
All the other claims were staked during
the winter by stampeders.
It Is estimated that 500 men have left
the Klondike for the Koyukuk diggings.
Several dozen departed late in April. In
cluding Jack Carr, the mail carrier.
The lirst scows passing through White
Horse Rapids picked up the body of Fred
Beattie, who was drowned there last fall.
It was caught In an Ice jam.
Several outfits have been lost through
the ice of Lake Bennett and the Upper
\ukon. H. G. Campbell, superintendent
of the. Yukon steamer line, lost a large
outfit of supplies, machinery and a horse
team through Lake Bennett. Ed Frank,
a merchant of Dawson, lost a horse sled
and $?000 in gold dust through the ice near
Fort Selkirk.
Gold Commissioner Graham of the Atlin
district has 240 men and 40 teams working
on a new telegraph line from Atlin south
to Quesnelle. The first hundred miles is
nearly finished. This line will connect the
Dawson system with the Canadian tele
graph lines.
TRADES UNION VICTORY.
CLAIMS ON BIG SALMON
RIVER ARE VERY RICH
THE Board of Railroad Commission
ers sitting Jn special 8es3lon decided
yesterday afternoon that , the $3 73
passenger rate between this city and
Fresno, withdrawn by the Southern Pa
cific Company on March 22 of this year
and raised to the original rate of $5 SO,
was changed without the consent of the
Railroad Commission and was therefore
illegal and void. All three Commissioners
—President Edscn, Blackstock and Lau
meister—were unanimous in their opin
ion, which supports the contentions of the
plaintiff, John C. Moore.
This decision will have a far-reaching
effect upon all passenger traffic through
the San Joaquin Valley and will apply as
the result of a test case to all the rates
between San Francisco and valley points.
In 1S92 the Railroad Commissioners fixed
the rate between this city and Fresno at
$5 90. In order to meet the competition of
the Valley road the Southern Pacific re
duced their rates to San Joaquin Valley
points. The rate to Fresno was cut to
$3 <o In July, 1S98. and remained at that
figure until March of ine present year,
when It was raised to the old rate.
While it is privileged to reduce rates
without the sanction of the commission,
all elevation must first be subjected to
the consideration and must be approved
by the State board.
In their conclusion on the facts pre
sented the Commissioners find:
That circular withdrawing the said special
limited nrst-olass ticket between the city of
San Francisco ar.d the city of Fresno at the
rate of $3 75 was issued without the consent of
the Board of Railroad Commissioners of the
State of California. Said rate was withdrawn
without the consent of said board, and the con
sent of the said board has never been obtained
authorizing the defendants to withdraw the
said rate. >
That the fixing and establishing; of said rate
of $3 75 between the city of Fresno and the city
of San Francisco, ami the city of San Fran
cisco ami the city of Fresno, was for the pur
pose' of competing with the San Francisco and
San Joaquin Valley Railroad, and the estab
lishment of said rate and the sale of tickets
in pursuance thereof had the" effect and mil
divert to the all-rail line of the defendants the
greater portion of the travel between the said
cities re-rectlvely.
Conclusions of law— It follows from the fore
goinc findings aa a conclusion of law mat the
withdrawal of the rate of $3 75 established by
the defendants from the city of San Francisco
to the city of Frtsno, and from the city of ,
Fresno to the city of San Francisco, without .
the consent of the Board of Railroad Cominls- i
sloners of the State of California, is In viola- |
tlon of the provisions of section 20 of article
12 of the constitution of the State of Califor
nia. And we so flm'.
It is therefore ordered that the Attorney
General of the State of California be requested
to prepare an order to be iiromuleated by this
commission in accordance with and In pursu
ance with the findings and conclusions of law.
Attorney General Ford went to work
Immediately upon the decision of the
board and prepared an order for the Com
misisoners, clinching the matter in form
of a legal decree. The order was voted
upon by the Commissioners and signed.
The decree which will bind the railroad
either to restore the reduced rate or en
gage in protracted legal proceedings
reads:
Now, therefore, said findings and conclusions
and the premises considered. It is by the Board
of Railroad Commissioners of the State of Cali
fornia here now ordered, adjudged and decreed
that the action of said defendants, the South
ern Pae!flc Company, in lowering its rate for
the transportation of passengers between the
said City of San Francisco and the city of
Fresno was for the purpose of competing with
another common carrier within the State of
California, to wit., the San Francisco and San
Jofl.Qiiln Valley Railroad Company; that after
lowering its said rates and placing its tickets
on sale at said rate of $3 75, and issuing said
circular of July 18, 1S9S, fixing and establishing
said rate of |3 75. .and continuing the game in
force for the purpose nforenaid until and Includ
ing the 20th day of March. 1900, the action of
paid defendant, said Southern Pacific Company,
in Increasing its paid rates for passenger fare
between said cities from said standard, without
the consent of this board, was and ls in viola
tion of the provisions of section 22 of article
XII of the constitution of the State of Califor
nia, and was and is In violation of law, null
and void. .
And it Is further ordered, adjudsed and de
reed that the action of said defendant, ,the
Southern Pacific Company, a corporation. In so
raising its rates from said standard of J3 75 was
and Is illecal, null and void, and the same I*
hereby set p.«Ide. vacated and declared to be
null and void; and the said defendant, said
Southern Pacific Company, is ordered, com
manded and directed to restore said rate so es
tablished by It of $3 75 for one first-class pas
senger fare cne way between said cities of San
Francisco and Fresno. In the State of Califor
nia, and to Dlace on sale tickets of said rate of
$3 73, pood for such passenger fare between said
cities, and hereafter to keep such rates In force,
and provide and grant such rates of transporta
tion of !3 75 between said points; and the said
defendant is directed immediately to set aside
Its order and circular raising said rates, and to
restore and provide such rate of $3 75 for such
passenger fare between said points, at the same
rate and In thv same manner as the same ex
isted on and prior to the withdrawal thereof on
the 20th day of March, 1900.
The Southern Pacific Company does not
acknowledge itself without the field of
opposition to the action of the Railroad
Commissioners and the law department
will begin a course to offset the decree.
The decision in the Fresno rate case
raav or may not apply to all other rates
to San Joaquin points. To settle the en
tire question another case will be tried
soon. George M. Hurlburt. an attorney
In this city, filed a complaint against the
company yesterday in which the rates
from San Francisco to Fresno, Bakers
field. Los Angeles, Santa Barbara, San
Bernardino and San Diego were attacked
on the same ground as was relied upon in
the -Moore case. At the same time the
Southern Pacific undertook to re-estab
lish the Fresno rate fixed by the commis
sion in 1892 it attempted similar action as
to all the above mentioned points. The
old rates and the reductions in- 1S3S to
meet competition are as follows:
San Francisco to Fresno, $5 90— $3 75; to
Among the opinions handed down yrs
terday by the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals was one modifying the decree
of the Circuit Court in the suit brought
by the Fruit Cleaning Company against
the tresno Home Packing Company. The
suit was brought against the defendant
for infringing the patent on a raisin
cleaner and seeder.
The court found that partners may ac
quire legal title to personal property un
der a purchase mado In the firm name
and it Js not material whether such firm
is wholly fanciful or whether It contains
the name of one or more of the members
of the firm. The decree will be modified
ny striking therefrom so much as ad
judges that appellants have infringed
claim 1 of the patent and enjoins them
from further Infringement of that part.
As thus modified the decree ls affirmed.
FRESNO PACKERS GAIN
AN IMPORTANT POINT
Decree, in the Raisin-Seeder Infringe
ment Suit Modified in Their
Favor.
The Southern Pacific Company has not
been served as yet with a copy of this
complaint and the case will probably not
come up for a month.
Bakersfleld. $9 10— 56 SO: to I»s Anpeles.
$15— J13; to Santa Barbara, $15— $13; to San
£ten:ardino, J16 75— J14 75; to San Diego.
The Railroad Commission Decides
Against Southern Pacific in
the Moore Case.
George M. Hunburt Fies.a New Complaint in
Regard to Passenger Traffic From San
Francisco to Southern Points.
MUST GO BACK TO
OLD FRESNO RATE
VAJ.LEJO, May 7.— The , training ship
Adams came In this morning. She will
coal and leave In a few days.
Adams at Vallejo.
Special Dispatch to The Call. '
California Corrrmandery, Knights,Tem
plar, has elected the following officers for
the ensuing term: Frank W. Titus, com
mander: Judge Carroll Cook, generalis
simo; H. B. Ream, captain general; G. H.
Umbsen, senior warden; Charles" W
Decker, Junior warden ; Thomas . Morton
treasurer, and Hiram T. Graves, recorder
Golden Gate Commandery of the same
order has elected as its officers: Robert
McMillan, commander: K. D. Loveland
generalissimo: R. B. Moore, senior war
den; Robert Ash, Junior warden; Herman
Saddler, treasurer, and William T. Fonda
recorder.
Knights Templar Elect Officers.
Directors Authorized to Expend !j>20,-
OOO in Enlarging the Club's
Quarters on Post Street.
At a special meeting of the members
of the Olympic Club, held last nijrht. the
board of directors was empowered to en
ter into contracts for and expend the
sum of $20,000 in the Improvement of tho
interior of the clubhouse on Post street.
President Harrison explained to the
members that the board of directors had
instructed Frank Shea, the architect, to
draw up plans and specifications and to
estimate the cost of improving the in
terior system of the club. He said the
latter had done so and reported that it
could not be done for less than $20,000.
The members present were so satisfied
with the efforts of the board that they
voted unanimously for it to jro ahead
with the Improvements^
OLYMPIC CLUB-TO.MAKE
EXTENSIVE IMPROVEMENTS
CHAMPIONS WIN.
Fielding of Brooklyn.
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Philadelphia Beaten by the Superior
Club*— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Philadelphia 10 5 .606 Chicago 7 9 .433
Cincinnati ..9 5 .643 St. Louis ... 6 8 .429
Brooklyn ....10 6 .025 New York... S 9 .3:>7
Plttsburg ... 7 8 .467 Boston 5 9 .357
PITTSBURO, May 7— Pittsburgh first four
runs were made by bunting, the last two by a
three-batrger and a home run. Chicago hit
Leever hard in Fpots. but excellent fielding
kept the score down. Attendance, 3700. Score:
n. h. e.
Pittsburg 6 10 0
Chicago 4 9 2
Batteries — Leever and ZJmmer; Garvln and
Donohue. Umpire — Hurst.
BROOKLYN. May ".—To-day's game was a
slugging match, with the hits about even, but
Brooklyn won by better base-running and su
perior fielding. Attendance. 3209. Score:
R. H. K.
Philadelphia ." 9 15 5
Brooklyn .". 12 17 1
Batteries— Piatt and Douglass; Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpire — Emslle.
BOSTON. Mar 7. — To-day's frame abounded
in errors and hits. Hawley was batted out
of the box in the fifth inning, but Seymour,
who eucceeded him, was scarcely more effec
tive. Chambers, Boston's new pitcher, was
given a chance In the sixth inning. lie had
speed and curves., but lacked control. Score:
R. Hr /E.
BoFton IS IS 8
New Tork 11 12 6
Batteries— Dinecn. Chambers, Clarke and
Clements; Hawley, Seymour and Warner. Um
pire—Connolly.
ST LOUIS, May 7.— St. Louis-Cincinnati game
was called in the fourth inning; on account of
rain.
American League Games.
CLEVELAND. May 7.— Cleveland, 5; Buf
'uETROIT, May 7.— Detroit, I; Indian-
KANSAS CITY. May 7.— Kansas City-Chicago
gams postponed on account of wet grounds.
MAY FIGHT AT PAEIS.
the Jeffries-Corbstt Mill.
Purse to Be Offered for the Winner of
NEW YORK. May 7.— It Is possible that
rfhe winner of the Jeffries-Corbett contest,
which is to take place at Coney Island on
Friday night, may meet some other
American heavy-weight in Paris before
the exposition closes. S. C. Haller. repre
senting the Hippodrome Toreadors of
Paris, arrived here yesterday with an of-
I fer to the winner of the fight on Friday
: night to meet another heavy-welpht next
September in the bull ring at Paris.
; After the battle has been decided next
1 Friday Haller will make known the
amount of the purse he is authorized to
offer, but he says it will be large enough
to induce a favorable reply from the
champion, whoever he may be. \V. A.
Brady, on behalf of Jeffries, said In case
his man won he would take on Sharkey
for the Parisian bout.
WELCOMED AT PRINCETON.
California Track Athletes Given, "a
Cordial Gre«ting..
PRINCETON. N. J.. May 7.-The Cali
fornia track athletes arrived in Princeton
to-day. They were met at the station by
all the university athletic officials and a
crowd of students, who cheered them as
they left the train. They were then es
corted by Captain Cregan to the athletic
field house and later took their first prac
tice on the cinder track.. They will re
main here until the date of the intercol
legiate meet. May 25. '
Victory for the Koenigs.
VALLEJO, May 7.— The Koenlg base
ball club of San Francisco defeated the
Vallejo nine Sunday In a spirited con
test, resulting in a score, of 8 to B. A
return game will : soon be • played. , The
Koenigs and about * thirty-five baseball
enthusiasts came up on r chartered
launch and had a most enjoyable trip.
NEW YORK. May 7.— Three favoriteB—
Oread, Hesper and Maximo Gomez— won
at Morris Park to-day.. Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Oread won, Oliver Mac
second. Olea third. Time 1:12%.
Four furlongs— Far Rockaway won. Billion
aire second. Bounteous third. Time, :47^. ¦
Six and one-half furlongs— Munificent won
Asqulth second, Herbert third. Time, 1:2214
Seven furlongs, selling— Hesper won. Buffoon
second. King Bramble third. Time, 1:2S>4.
One mile— Approval won, Walt Not second.
Survivor third. Time, 1:43%.
One mile— Maximo Gomez won, Klnniklnnic
second, Llndermere third. Time. 1:41%.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 7.-Thc Blue
Grass stakes, valued at $1300, for three
year-olds, was the principal racing piece
of to-day's rather ordinary card. Owin"
to the rains of Saturday night and Sun
day, which left the track muddy and
sticky, half of the entries were drawn.
The. race proved a good one for the three
which finisher! in front, a half length sep
arating Grayless, the winner, from Love's
Labor, which was a half length in front
i°oi,F eIeritus ' the favorite. The time.
1.211A. was excellent, considering the con
dition of the track. Results:
Four furlongs— The Auditor won. Isabel sec
ond. School for Scandal third. Time. :50
One mile, selling— Samovar won, Possum sec
ond. Compensation third. Time, 1:44%.
Four and one-half furlongs, selling— Likene-s
won. T P second. Evan RIrks third. Time :i7.
felx and one-half furlongs, the Blue Grass
Ptakes— Grayless won, Love's Labor second
Celeritus third. Time, 1:214. ' '
One and one-sixteenth miles— Eltholln won
Beana second. Nellorlne third. Time. 1:50% '
One and one-sixteenth miles, selling— Lord
£eni won Handpress second. Crockett third.
Time, 1:4SIJ.
Louisville in a Drive.
Takss the Blue Grass Stakes at
GRAYLESS THE WINNEB.
Half a Dozen New Dogs Will Make
Their Initial Bow to the Cours
ing Public.
A midweek stake of forty-eight entries
will be run off at Union Coursing Park to
morrow. The first course will be present
ed on the arrival of the 11 o'clock train.
Interest centers in the stake because of
the initial appearance of a half dozen
dogs of the best lines of blood in dogrdom.
ine probable winners in the iirst round
are: Belle of Anderson, Clalrbourne, Cas
tle Island Boy, Royal Anne, Morning
Glory, Go On, Sally Brass, Agamemnon,
lerrona. Cash, Sweet Lips, Betsy Barrow
Maid of Erin. Athena, Silver Lion. Game
Cock, One Spot, Risky Attempt, Magneto,
Best Bargain, Royal Oak, Whisky Hill,
Shootover, Pearl Mac and Round About.
following is the result of last night's
drawing:
Midweek reserve. 43 entries— J. Dean's Belle
of Anderson vs. R. H. Farmer's Moonstone: R
L.. Taylor's (names) Baldhead vs. H. Lynch's
Clairboume; T. Sullivan's (names) Castle
Inland Boy vs. J. M. Halton's (names) Flash
lirht; F. A. ilcComb's Motto vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Anne; J. J. Kdmonds" Morning
Glory vb. James Dean's (names) Mangle N; j.
J. Edmonds' (names) Go On vs. II. Lynch's
Emma M: Jeff Martinet's Sallle Brass vs. Con
drey &, - nought's Teashlne; Aeneld Kennels'
Agamemnon vs. M. B. Kavanaugh's Hard
Lines; II. London's Sharkey vs. H. Mlchlllkl's
Terrona; Curtis & Son's Cash vs. Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead; J. Dean's Sweet Lips vs.
BarteU Bros." Betsy Barrow; Sterl & Knowles'
OHara vs. Aeneld Kennels' Maid of Erin;
John B. Klein's Mystic vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Athena; R. L. Taylor's (names) Winning Las
sie vs. Irn-In & I.yon's Silver Lion; Bartels
Bros.' Winning Style vs. H.' Lynch's Game
cock; F. A. McComb's One Spot vs. A. L. Aus
tin's Thorndale; D. Winders'" (names) Risky
Attempt V3. J. Keenan's Miramonte; M. Lon
don's Magneto vs. E. Casserly's Silence; Con
drey & . Roujtht's Nellie R vs. Bartels Bros '
Best Bargain; Condrey & Rought's Flying Crest
vs. J. Keenan's Royal Oak; A. L. Austin's
Nora Lawrence vs. J. J. Edmonds' Whisky
Hill; Bartels Bros.' Banner Bright vs. J.
O'Dowd'B Shootover; H. Lynch's Loiterer vs.
J. McNeil's Pearl Mac; J. H. W. Muller's
Cruiser vs. Pasha Kennels' Round About.
MIDWEEK STAKE TO BE
RUN OFF AT UNION PARK
TMJ5 SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900
4
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
, oalXTFor
' REPUBLICAN
; STATE CONVENTION,
In accordance with the directions of the re_
PUBLICAN NATIONAL. COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives of the Repubttcaq
Party from thj several states a.-sembl? In Na-
tional Convention In the city of P&ttadtlp&ta.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the 13th
day of June. A. D. 1300. at 12 o'cicrk noon.
I for the purpose of nominating candidates tor
the efflce of President and Vice President of
the United States, anJ for such ether busin»»9
as may be brouRht before said convention; and
In accordance with the lr.struction-s given by
said National Committee, directing that th>
ConffreMionat District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention railed by the Concressional
Committee of eat-h said district. In the mhi»
> manner as the nomination of a nepresentative
• In Congress Is made in »uiJ district: therefore.
1 Resolved By the r.KrrRLICAN* STATE
J CENTRAL. COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing the Kepublican Party of sal I
State, that the ConKression.il Committees or
the several Ccnrresaifnal Districts of the State
cf California are hereby advised ar.d requested
to cal! Congressional Ccnvcntioaa cf their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held as bmteaftef
provided, at which two del^saces shall bi
chosen to represent each of such districts in
• the NATIONAL BUWMJCJH^ CONVEN-
TION to be held as a!ure>aid. and for th>
selection of two alternate ,U-h-z:\tr», t.-> act in
case cf the absence of the delegates nrst chosen.
The selection of the delegates* of the Con-
¦ rressioral Convention shall hr urul-»r the direc-
¦ lion of the Congressional Committee of each
[ district, in ¦ accordance with the call of th>
National Committee.
; Provided, That the basis of representation
• to snld Concessional Conventions shall be at
I follows, to wit: One delecat? for each Assem-
bly TMstrlct within the Conffroisional District;
i provided, that where any Assembly District
•' embrace* more than one county. th»re shall b-»
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county in such Assembly EMstrict.
' and one d»Iefratf> for *>a-h 3fn votes cast for
! I Henry T. Gage. Kc-puhlican earid'Mate for Gov-
' ' ernor In 1338. ar.d one delegate for each frac-
1 tion of 150 votes cr over.
1 It Is further directed . that th» del»*atf*
chosen to the Cnnsrre«-»!on>ll Convntions shall
meet In State Convention at the city cf Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
i 11P0 at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four d-l»>Ratf»«.
at-larse. to the NATIONAL KCFCRUCAH
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act in ca«? the delegate*
selected be absent, for the election of a Kta:->
Central Committee, and for the transaction oi
such further business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It Is further directed that where DrlTnary
elections are h?ld the test for voters shall be:
"I believe In Republican principles and In-
dorss the Republican r> n Hrv and the admin-
istration of President McKinley. and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Pnrty at the er«ulnK election."
It ls further directed that contests must b»
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee In writing-, with a full xtatement
cf the grounds nf the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting of the State Convention.
All matters relating to such contest before th»
ConsroBstonal Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Kacmmento, before noon of the 11th
day of May. JW>.
Adopted nv the RKFUBT.TCAN* PTATK CEN-
TRAT, COMMITTEE at San Franciscd. April
I I. 1300. E. C. HART. Secretary.
If yon haren'ta regular, healthy nioTement of tba
bowels e»ery day. you're sick, or will be. Keep your
bowels open, and b« we!!. Force, in the shape of
violent physic or pill poison, is ctanccrou3. The
smoothest, easiest, most perfect way of keeaina tha
bowels clear ana clean U to Uite
ffl CATHARTIC
Nr«?S!£. Pa lv tab J c - **<*•««• Taste Good. Do Good.
Never sicken. Weaken, or Gripe. 10c. '.Stc, 5Co Write
for free sample, and booklet on heali^Address
SWrllac tlrmtdj tnpur, ihlcDja, Uoalrr.l, 5 .w T»rW. TT?^
KEEP YOUR BLOOD GLEAN
Specialists for Men.
731 Market St., S. F.
Avisit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF ANATOMY?
O Cj9 1231 HA2S27:r. tat. CAJtT'.i.C.r.Cji.^
\ CT^ The Larrnt Anatomical Mmeum h» the \
§ 4-fT^prs. Wor1d - Woaknetse* M any ennnacted 4
L A£Sm disease »e«itl*ely cured aj the oldstt T
JSn! Specialist c» the Coast EsLaSyson. %
6 flfitf A OR. JQRSAJf-PBlYATE DISEASES 4
\ ?f?r«^3 to.-vroltatiotl fre- »nd stri'My private. \
0 a J»«£ H Trtume:lt personally cr by letter. A 4
\ H W Tl n **».W«» Cur* In every ease undertaken. f
3Fl llW w "te for Book. POlLOSOPawrJ
* H II ¦A1IBIASE, MAILKO PRE3. I AW
A Q (J. valuable boo!: for mm; * \
J OR JORDA7? A CO.. 1051 Market St.. & F. Q
n "Hi ~T Ti Tti ~% "lj 1H t> "^t. q^ -y^ -w^ m
Dq lnna TtiC covered passase-
JTd.ld.Oc way connecting these
two immense struc-
— — — —^— tures places under
, on© management 1100
OT|H rooms, 900 of which
dllvl have baths attached.
_ mm ____^^^^^_ Tourists and travel-
ers from every section
i*i of the world recognize
lyPJinfl and appreciate the
JkAX »*"»* comforts and convenl-
''" ences offered by thes«
hotels.
IJ/^f A 1 O American plan. Eu-
nULClO ropean plan.
Dfi.HAU'S HEW VIGOR AICRp^SS
Five hundred reward for any K^I^V^?"'
case we cancct cure. This secret p i£j ¦!&
remedy atops all losaea in 21 '
hours, cures Emissions. Impo- "iu""1 RS
tency, Vartcocel*. Gonorrhoea. *£f5 qlQ
Gleet. *Flt». Strictures. Lost x!ii lili;
Manhood and all wasting eftecu E^V *if
of self-abuse or excesses. Sent r^*^*?jS
•ealed. X2 bottle: S bottles. »3; guaranteed ta
*925f Oearaatwa |j e barge*, or any infl-maS
gSssA !&'a»sft'.-/£
fyi^ntEEuM CHEM jcu Co, branes. Non-nstrinuecw
te^CiM^muO.SgSTj Sold o, Oruc-ist*,
Weak Men and Women
Chould use damiana bitters, thh
*-* Rieat Mexican remedy; gives health and
nttnsih to sexual oixana. Depot. 323 Market.
;.WSkiy Call, SI per Ymi
\ fwlill IS never done » a Qd she ofter) suffers from §
jc P^^^^^/^S oervous teosion and over fatigue, which in- §
j; ¦;': ' ¦', k &&7mbs%- -^_^-ffi*~<'*ni clucc various derangements. Strona proof <i
- illMiif iJ^^^^lfe^Miij^ of the power of my g
!. : .fH3Q31i. DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT 1
j j^^^l^^l^lrSP' AS a remecJ y corr »es from those whom I rjave |
'' fls %K/^ «IL<S SB Mri- Angie Webiter of f'arUn.i tayi : Milt Mlnnis 8»»a Bf Llringiton C»l writes- ']§
lilt If wmsm^mummm 1
¦^^^^m^mMf-i lifts! others. for your treatment and prompt attention «
f^OTMH^i'l- fil Electricity applied by my special n)ethod §
f^^P^wffi^lt vm ls an eas y and exhilarating treatment wfych 3
ls^lk^ifef-i- J >-S» gives tbe "go by" to drugs, and is admirably §
suited to wornan's pains. Call on me I I
will soon illustrate w^bat. my Belt will do for you/how it is the ideal »
tonic, how it renews wasted forces and expels the impurities which §
cause suffering. If you cannot call write. I Will send you advice and I
rny new illustrated booK free. S
-,£&£ AlMAUGHLIN, -UBBRgHKSB. J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A frf of Sep's Tree Frleed
"I would like to express my gratitude
for the benefit received from your won-
derful medicine, 'Favorite Prescrip-
tion, '" writes Mrs. H. C Anderson, of
South Britain. New Haven Co., Conn
(Box 33). "Dunn? the first month of
pregnancy I could not keep anything
on my stomach. Was so sick that I
had to ero to bed and stay for weeks. I
tried different doctors, but with little
benefit. I read about many being:
helped by using your medicine so I
thought I would give it a trial. I ba-
gun to take your J Favorite Prescrip-
tion | in November and I had a nice
little baby prirl in February following.
My baby weighed over eight pounds.
I was only in hard labor about one
hour and grot along nicely during con-
finement ; was up and dressed on the
eijrhth day. I never had the doctor
with rje at all. My friends thought
that I was sick a very short time. I
th;r.k Dr. Piercc's Favorite Prescrip-
tion i« indeed a mother's true friend
for it helped me wonderfully "
FAVORITE PRESCRIPTION
MAKES WEAK WOMEN STRONG.
SICK WOnEN WELL.
S^flOY IS HE *LTHR)L! \
q Jill *<th medicinal qualities, O
o Jill r or Irdi^eEtioa &ni . o
o 3.£fji Stomach Diaardsrs. o
| 1^^ So^lled VICHY I
? ?*~*^ IN SIPHONS J
| JSlJiiiSJ VI EH Y f
o Get tb0 Gen^n3 %
O A. VIGNIER, Distributing A*ent°Festival of German Societies.
New Crew of City Employes Selected
by the Board of Public
Works.
The Board of Public "Works selected
yesterday ten Individuals who recently
passed the civil service examination
for the position of sewer clean
ers. The ten men will draw a per
diem of 53 M as a pleasant result of hav
ing demonstrated their fitness for the
work of keeping the. sewers of a preat
city in good condition are Charles I. Ford,
James J. Flaherty, Charles Gardella, Tim
othy Creedon, Dave Sullivan, Michael
Quinn, Thomas E. Kenney, Henry J.
Daly, William J. Clare and James Mur
phy. •
All of the appointees were closely ques
tioned by Commissioner McCarthy regard-
Ing their knowledge of the proper way to
handle a sewer without gloves, and their
answers to the various difficult queries
proved beyond the shadow of a doubt that
they are "connoisseurs" in the art of
sewer manipulation. They were rewarded
by being put at the head of the Hat of
eligible?, and when the Board of Public
Works made a requisition for ten clean
ers they wore further rewarded by being
placed on the salary roll of the munici
pality.
They will start out on their labors this
morning, and It is thought that the re
sults of their scientific knowledge will be
recognized immediately. It Is believed
that their work will be so thoroughly well
done that the Board of Health will dis
continue the use of disinfectants in a mad
chase after the plague phantom. When
the sewers have succumbed to the mops
and brooms of the civil service cleaners'
brigade it will be possible for the dain
tiest society bud to hold court within the
subterranean recesses of the sewers of
this great metropolis. :•.
CIVIL SERVICE SEWER
CLEANERS GO TO WORK
Death of Mrs. Valeria Elliott. i
Valeria Biddle Elliott, widow of the late
General "Washington Lafayette Elliott,
died in this city last Sunday. The death
of this lady calls to mind the services ren
dered the country by her husband, who
died In San Francisco June 29, 1S88. He
was one of the founders of the California
Commandery of the Military Order of the
Loyal' Legion. He served' In the Mexican
war with distinction and rained renown
In the Civil war. He was brevetted major
general for meritorious conduct on tho
field of battle. • He retired from, the army;
In 1S79 with the rank of colonel.
¦ m ¦ i
Twenty new steamships are now under
construction for the trans-Atlantic ser
vice and four for the trans-Pacific.
Society Belle to Become the Bride of
Lieutenant Guy Scott Some Time
MISS VOORHIES WILL
MARRY MILITARY MAN
The City Attorney yesterday submitted
an opinion to the Board of Supervisors
in which he holds that the three bills now
before the board touching upon the mat
ter of lotteries are valid. The bills are In
tended to make the possession of lottery
tickets, lottery lists or tools used In their
production a misdemeanor. On the
strength of the opinion the ordinances
were passed to print yesterday by the
board.
I/Ottery Legislation Valid.
W. W. Miller After the Tanforan
People Because of a Queer
Bet.
Euit has been brou&r.t against the Tan
foran Racing Association by W. W. Miller
for the recovery of $25 which he claims is
due him on a winning bet of $5 which he
placed on Maydine on April 17 last.
Miller claims that he gave his $5 to
Frank McCluskey. one of the pool boys,
who disappeared with it and. returning
soon after, took a similar bet from Mrs.
Rose, wife of George Rose, the book
maker, to whom t he afterward returned
the ticket. Miller had been in the habit
of allowing the boys to keep the tickets
until after the race and bo he did not
ask for the coupon for his bet. After the
race had been run. the complaint alleges,
the boy went to Mrs. Rose and paid her
her winnings. $25 for $5 to one bet of Jo,
and then he told Miller he had not had a
chance to bet the $5 and so could only re
turn the money given him.
Miller demanded his bet, claiming that
bets made after his had been paid, and he
brought the matter before the officers of
the association. His claim was that they
were responsible for tne action of the
pool boy. He received no satisfaction In
that quarter and so he has brought suit
through his attorney. Arthur M. Currie.
for the amount he claims was paid the
pool boy and which he has not received.
SUING FOR THE AMOUNT
OF A WINNING WAGER
Conference Will Be Held This After
noon to Determine Status of
Bateman's Contract.
The refusal of the Auditor to audit any
more demands for work done by sub-con
tractors on the Hall of Justice building
has had the effect of stopping all work
on the structure. The Auditors decision
hascreateda small sensation among those
who have contracted for materials and
labor, and unless some definite, action be
taken the building will never be com-
Pl As ed a result of the stoppage of work
there will be a conference this afternoon
at 2 o'clock in the Mayor's office, at
which there will be present the Ma>or.
Auditor Wells and hi? attorney, Reuben
H Lloyd; Bateman Bros., the original
contractors, whose contract lapsed for
faHure to renew in time their attorneys
and J. Kennedy, representing the Fidel it,
Suretv Company, bondsmen for the Bate
man and to whom the contract for fur
nishing the building was .^e^ted.
Wells fears that unless steps are taken
to save the city from liability it will be
Involved in litigation.
WORK STOPPED ON
HALL OF JUSTICE
the board delegate to him the power to allow
credits to prisoners for good behavior.
The ordinance prohibiting the possession of
lottery tickets and circulars containing the
winning numbers was passed to Drlnt. The
ordinance prohibiting the distribution of circu
lars on which the winning numbers of lotteries
are printed and the advertising In any manner
of winning lists was finally passed.
Supervisor McCarthy Introduced ordinances
{Tr.pos'.ng a. license of $10 per load on all loads
weighing over fifteen tons hauled on the public
street*: a license of J10 on each building moved
through the public streets: a license of IS per
Quarter for persons who sell merchandise from
a cvatio-ary raeon on the public streets ; a
l;>-er.£e cf So a day on exhibitions Riven under a
car.va* cr cloth covering; a license of $6 per
c.utrter en each billiard table or pool table
r.ot kert exclusively for private use or in clubs
tvhere no charge is made, and JS per quarter on
bowline alleys; a license of J150 per day for
•very lessee cr owner of a circus: a license of
f ;5 ter Quarter for persons engaged In the busl
r.ess cf beatm«c. cleaning or renovating car
r*u; a license cf to per quarter for every keeper
Of «. ball or ring; throw-Ing game or canerack:
& '.Sr.eense ranging from !4 to S3 per quarter
tec keeper* cf livery ctables; a graduated 11
c=s# ef from ?6 to $301 per quarter on pawn
fcrckers. and a license of 110 per annum on all
car« containing any advertising matter.
At the msxeatien of Tobln the Chief of Po
lice, wm instructed to lnvestlrate th« ob«truc
tlcr.s arcur.d the rore lot at the corner of Mc-
Allister ar.d Market streets, where building op
•ratlcr.s are now rolng on.
Referred to Committees.
The foliowlnr petitions were referred to
cr^^'.tteei: C. H. Hooper, requesting that the
Buih-etreet track* be taken up and that an
fccrrorriatloa te made for paving the street:
property-owner*, requesting that money be ap
rrcrrtated for the city to grade Its portion of
tCan«aa street, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth; Independent Electric Light *nd Power
C"o:r.r«tny, eubmltting a proposal for the con
*trueti<?n cf pole lines ready for transmission
cf electric current.
Official Communications.
Corr.nrunleatlon* were received from the
Bocra cf Public Works reccmmendlnr that
Seventeenth elreet be paved with basalt blocks
and curbed with granite; that Twentieth street,
between Xoe and Castro, be paved with bitu
men, the expense to b« assessed on private
property: that two catch basins with 10-inch
culverts be constructed In Treat avepue to Its
termination southerly from Preclta avenue;
from the Free Public Hbrary. requesting that
the quarters now occupied by the Street De
parttner.t be assigned to the library when they
are vacated: from the Sheriff, suggesting that
The clerk «ae directed to advertise for bids
fcr furnishing supplies, drugs and other arti
cle?, to the Almshouse. emergency hospitals
eni Board of Health and proposals for sub
iletence of prisoners In th* county Jails.
The opinion of the City Attorney was re
quested retarding the validity of an ordinance
rrar.tlriR a franchise to the Han Kranclsco and
Ban Joacju'.n Uailroad to construct and operate
a street railway on Illinois street.
T v e Mayer was authorized to receive and re
ceipt for HUM «1 principal and 1715 b'S the ac
crued Interest thereon, oonstitutinc the fum
total of a beqawt raade w the city by Henry
JT. IVIcdel for charitable, purxo^ee.
Tie resolution providing for the delivery of
the "Celltornla Decisions" to certain depart
ments and excluding others »a« repealed.
Miscellaneous Business.
Hotallng then said he believed that all
the propositions In the ordinance should
1 < rcffulatea by State laws, eo that all
The counties ehould be equal. The Mayor
explained that the law we* already on
the et&tuta books, but there had been a
technical defect In the advertisement,
and tho police were waiting for a per
fect order to enforce It. Brandeneteln
sad Sanderson favored the closing of all
;>oolrooms celling pools on any kind of a
contest, and objected to what they termed
ridiculous discrimination. The ordinance
tbea went over for one week for fur
thtr consideration.
McCarthy renewed his crusade against
Quasi public corporations when a resolu
tion authorizing the payment of $765 to
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company
for light furnished the city came up for
;:a*ia£o. He eald the corporation waa In
debted to the city for a license tax un
der the provisions of an old ordinance
which had never been enforced. This or
dinance laapoees a license on all com
panies furnishing light, water or tele
phonic eervice. The charter provides that
no moneys ehall be paid to any creditor
of the city where a counter claim against
the creditor exists. The Auditor and Fl
r.ance Committee were notified of tne
Jig-ht company's delinquency, and they
were directed to deduct the amount of
the licen§e from the bill presented by
the company.
McCarthy's order Imposing a license tax
In various amounts on all special privi
leges where encroachments on sidewalks
streets are maintained was referred to
ihe License and Orders Committee.
Brar.3enstein objected to a resolution
empowering the Mayor to expend $500 for
the observance of Memorial day, as pro
vided by the charter, on the ground that
The etate of the city's finances did not
warrant the expense. He said he was
opposed to any patriotic extravagance
when there was not a cent in the treas
ury. The motion to postpone considera
tion fcr one year was lost, but the reso
lution failed to be pa?.=ed to print. Tobin
later relntroduced the same resolution,
and It was passed after several members
had expressed the view that the day
should be fittingly observed.
The Mayor returned without h!s ap
proval authorization for payment of
JS4S2 &<> on the contract lor the construc
tion of the Seventeenth-street police sta
tion. The grounds for the veto are that
thirty-five days have not expired since
the acceptance of the work; that there
ere several things to be done to com
ply with specifications, and that the con
tractor has not paid a claim of $1237 ?2 to
The Pacific Rolling Mills. v-> /
Tobln moved to amend by adding the
word "men" after horses or dogs, but the
amendment waa voted down.
Supervisor Reed's anti-poolroom ordi
nance cirr.e up for final passage in the
Board of Supervisors yesterday, but went
over Jor one week. The ordinance prohib
its pocl-aelllng. pool-buying, bookma.king
or any other eystem of registering beta
on contests between horses or dogs.
License Owed by Pacific G*a Oom
peny to Be Deducted From Its
Bill— Special Privilege* to •
Be Taxed.
Prohibition of Betting on
Horses and Dogs Is
Postponed.
FAIL TO AGREE
UPON THE POOL
ROOM ORDINANCE
MONTEREY, May 7.— The British cruis
er War sprite, the flagship of Admiral L.
A. Beaumont,' commandant of the Pacific
squadron, came into this port to-day for
mall and supplies. The Warsprlte is en
route from South American waters to
Esquimau for the spring rendezvous and
will remain here several days.
Warspite at Monterey.
Matthew Lcstrange, whose wife Jumped
out of a three-story window at 537 How
ard street Saturday because she said he
attacked her with a knife, was discharged
from custody yesterday morning. His!
statement that he did not attempt to
draw a knife on her was corroborated by
their two children*, who also* said that
he was out of the room when their
mother made the leap through the win
dow. • Though the woman's back la
broken, the physician attending her re
ported yesterday morning that her
chances of recovery are favorable.
Husband Not to Blame.
Jerome Maurice Rosenfeld, who claims
that he has fallen heir to $100,000 by the
death of his father, had a charge of burg
lary against him dismissed by Judge Mo
gan yesterday. He was accused of break
ing into a room in a lodging house on
Market street and stealing a few trifling
articles. The complaining witness, Ed
ward Herne, did not appear and the
Judge had to dismiss the case. Rosen
feld had another charge of burglary
against him dismissed by a Jury in the
Superior Court a few days ago and he
was promptly arrested on the Herne
charge. He was represented by ex-Judge
Treadwell.
Alleged Burglar Heir to Fortune.
R. E. Newman. 15 Vlcksburg street, was
riding a horse yesterday at Thirteenth and
Market streets, when the animal slipped
and fell with Newman under. He was
dragged out and taken to the Receiving
Hospital in the ambulance. His face, fore
head and left arm were bruised and "It
was suspected that he had sustained se
rious Internal injuries.
Crushed Under a Horse.
James Fitzgerald Charged With Set
ting Fire to Lodging-House Be
cause He Was Ejected.
James Fitzgerald, a bricklayer, was ar
rested yesterday by Detective Crockett
and Police Officer Klssane on suspicion of
having set lire Sundav evening to a lodg
ing-house at 25RA O'Farreil street. Fitz
gerald formerly roomed at the house, but
was ejected on account of his quarrelsome
disposition. Shortly before the blaze was
discovered, it is claimed, Fitzgerald told
a friend that he Intended to set flro to the
house in order to be revenged.
According to one of the lodgers Fitzger
ald entered the house a few minutes be
fore the blaze was started and was seen
to gather some old rags and place them
under the porch. He left the premises
shortly afterward and quickly walked
down the street. A short time afterward
the porch was found to be on fire.
ACCUSED OF APPLYING
% TORCH TO GET REVENGE
Number of Opinions Handed Down in
Matters of Interest on the
Pacific Coast.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals opened the May circuit yesterday in
this city. There were present Judges
Morrow, Gilbert. Ross and Hawley. After
handing down a batch of opinions the
court listened to the arguments in the
case of the North Pacific Railroad Com
pany vs. J. A. Soderberg, the Issue being
whether land containing valuable deposits
of building granite should or should not
be classified as mineral land. James B.
Kerr of St. Paul and Judge R. A." Bal
llnger of Seattle appeared for the com
.pany. The case Is on appeal from a de
cision by Judge Ilanford of 'Washington.
The court took action In several appeals
as follows:
Otto Groeck et al. vs. Southern Pacific
Railroad Company; decree affirmed
William John et al. vs. Philip T. Smith
et al. ; judgment affirmed.
The Port Blakeley Mill Company vs. F.
C. Sharkey: judgment affirmed.
John McMullen et al. vs. A. B. Bowers
and the Bowers California Dredging Com
pany: decree reversed and cause remand
ed with Instructions to dismiss the bill on
the ground of non-Jurisdiction. •
The steamer Protection et al. vs. W. H.
Lord: decree affirmed.
Employers* Liability Assurance Corpo
ration (Limited) vs. Seid Back; judgment
reversed and cause remanded.
F. G. Hall vs. Elizabeth Kincell; judg
ment reversed and cause remanded.
John F. Meyers vs. Charles Brown et
al.; judgment affirmed.
The N. K. Falrbank Company vs.
Luckel, King and Cake Soap Company;
decree reversed with directions to enter
a decree in favor of appellants.
CIRCUIT COURT OF
APPEALS IN SESSION
Asks That the Board of Public "Works
Be Perpetually Enjoined From
Carrying Out Its Many
By virtue of authority vested by the
charter, San Francisco's Board of Public
Works has threatened to tear up the
tracks of the" Southern Pacific Company
from Seventh street to the county Una,
but for the present the proposed "drastic
measures 1 ' must be abandoned. Suit was
tiled yesterday by the company against
the Board of Public Works and its pres
ent members, Marsden Manson and
George H. Mendell, xo perpetually enjoin
the aefendants from proceeding to carry
their threat Into execution. J. E. Foulds
appears as attorney of record for the cor
poration, and associated with him as coun
sel are John Garber and Peter F. Dunne.
Tho petition is a ponderous document,
and in addition to the allegations of fact
and concluding prayer contains a com
plete history of the organization of the
Southern Pacific, all of its predecessors,
its lessor, the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, branch lines and subor
dinate corporations. It also com
pletely covers the history of the
campaign and election that put the
present charter In operation and seated
the Board of Supervisors and the Board
of Public Works. Facts regarding dele
gations to the late municipal Democratic
convention being pledged to use every
effort to place candidates in nomination,
who, after election, would use equal effort
to "tear the rails out of the heart of the
Mission" are cited; the general Issues are
rounded into form, and then the com
plaint jumps to the line of fact on which
the Southern Pacific Company asserts
that the Board of Public Works or the
Board of Supervisors, not even the South
ern Pacific Company itself. It being the
lessee of the Southern Pacific .Railroad
Company, is vested with the authority to
tear up the tracks. /
On this point the complaint reads: "The
Southern Pacific Railroad Company and
its predecessors and its lessee, the South
ern Pacific Company, have for more than
thirty-five years continuously and unin
terruptedly operated its railroad upon the
route in question and have maintained
and kept the exclusive and peaceable pos-"
session of the railroad and the right of
way on and over which it is constructed
against all the world."
A copy of the petition for the writ of in
junction was served on the members of
the Board of Public Works, who are com
manded to appear before Judge Seawell
at a date to be set and show cause why a
perpetual writ should not issue as prayed.
Southern Pacific Company
Seeks to Maintain Mis
sion Track.
RAILROAD SUES
TO SAVE ROUTE
FROM THE CITY
McCarthy's resolution calling for a com
plete municipal telephone system was
passed to print. The proposals submitted
under this call should includo a complete
equipment for a central station and all
the sub-stations and all appliances neces
sary to make -.the proper installation to
serve 25,000 subscribers.
Section 2 — Any person, firm or corporation
violating any of the provisions of this ordl
nnnce shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor
and upon conviction thereof shall be subject
to a fine of 1500 or to imprisonment for 600
days or both.
Section J— No person, firm or corporation en
gaged In the business of supplying telephonic
service to the city of San Francisco or to the
Inhabitants thereof shall connect, maintain or
operate more than five telephone Instruments
upon any one party line.
McCarthy then Introduced an ordinance
limiting the number of telephones upon a
party line to five, which he thought might
remedy the defective service of the tele
phone company. The ordinance, which
was referred to the ¦ License and Order
Committee, follows: •
McCarthy said he relied on the Integ
rity of the gentlemen who had made the
investigation. ' and he would not urge
the ordinance which he had introduced, as
from the report he believed that the modi
fication of the service was Impracticable,
at least at the present time.
The motion to Indefinitely postpone was
made by Connor after the report of
City Engineer Grunsky and Chief Elec
trician Hewitt, who had been directed to
investigate the feasibility of the plan laid
down by the measure, had been read. The
report stated that the examination hnr»
been of necessity circumscribed, and could
not be complete unless the telephone com
pany would allow an inquiry into its
financial condition. It was thought that
any modification of the telephone ser
vice as suggested by the ordinance was
inexpedient. It would require 300 extra
operators and would cause more or less
annoyance to the party calling to wait
until the party called had been raised.- It
would lead to the abolition of the nickel
attachments, which the investigators held
to be a distinct benefit to the service.
The ordinance providing a penalty for
those renderine telephone service for fail
ure to make a switch after the. nickel has
been dropped was - indefinitely postponed
at yesterday's meeting of the Board of
Supervisors. The result of this action on
the part of the board will be that the tele
phone monopoly will continue its exasper
ating policy of exacting the nickel before
it has ascertained whether the party or
number called for responds.
Supervisor McCarthy Presents New
Measure Limiting the Number
©f Subscribers on Party
Lin© to Five.
Ordinance Exacting Switch
Before Paying Nickel
Is Defeated.
NO PENALTY FOR
FAULTY SERVICE
ON TELEPHONES
THE engagement is announced of Miss Leila- Voorhies and Lieutenant Guy
Scott. Miss Voorhies is the youngest daughter.of Dr. and Mrs. Voorhies, and
the lucky man Is a second lieutenant. Third Artillery, U. S. A., stationed at
AIcatraz.^jBSKp ¦ ¦
The wedding of. the young' couple. promises to be a swell society. function and
will be solemnized some time in June. . ..*.~L".V"
-THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900.
t Dr. V. P. Buckley, New Member of the Health Board, t
DR. VINCENT P. BUCKLEY, a well
known young physician of this
city, has been appointed by Mayor
Phelan to fill the vacancy on th.
Board of Health caused by the resigna
tion of Dr. W. E. Hopkins.
Dr. Buckley Is a native of San Fran
cisco, a graduate of the State University
and his practice has been confined to this
city since be first came before the public
He Is still a young man and has attained
an enviable prominence In his chosen
field. In taking the office he has no defi
nite plans as to what he will favor and
what he will oppose. His opinions on the
work of the Board of Health will, he says,
be influenced entirely by the necessities of
each occasion as It arises. He has held
no public office so far. Dr. Buckley re
sides at 1540 Taylor street
DR. BUCKLEY WILL
SUCCEED HOPKINS
The German ¦'societies— the Bavarian,
Hessian. South German, Baden and Gam
brinus Verein— will hold a spring festival
Sunday. May 13. at Shell Mound Park.
Berkeley. An enjoyable time is promised
by the committee In charge. The high
standing of the societies insures a thor
oughly orderly affair.
5
Come and See It. Come and Try It.
Tll/A CTVI t^ C The ria«s family Inhaler pictured in cut Is designed for
1 VYU O 1 Y L.JL.O* the home. The pocket Inhaler is mada of hard rubber,
handy, portable, unbreakable, unsplllable; can be carried, in the pocket.
PRICE $1.00. WITH ALL MEDICINES COMPLETE. SOLD BY ALL
DRUGGISTS.
Special Free Exhibition This Week at the Following 1 Drug Stores:
THE OWL DRUG CO., I NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO.
1128 Market St. »« Market 8t.
LOUIS ZEH PHARMACY, McDONNELL PHARMACY,
1225 Market St. * ' 1C« to 110 Grant Av«.
GRANT DRUG COMPANY, GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.,
J8 and 40 Third St. H« Kearny St.
Polite attendants will be on hand to answer all questions. Everybody la Inrlted to
give the Inhaler a free trial. You ar« welcome to a treatment whether you purcbas. or
not. Special attention to mall orders.
Munyon's Homeopathic Remedies.
This company has prepared separata specifics for an dlseaws. which ax* told by all
druggists. Each remedy is so labeled there can be no mistake. With them every mother
can c^™ e u * ra *^ e y thaT my Rheumatism Cura will cure rheumatism In a few hours:
that my Dyspepsia Cure will cure any case of Indigestion or stomach trouble; that W
per cent of kidney complaints, including Bright** Disease, can be cured with my Kidney
Cure- that my Catarrh Cure will cure catarrh of the head, throat and stomach, no matter
how 'chronic or long standing: that nervous afTectlons and diseases of the heart are con-
trolled and cured by my Nerve and Heart Cure; that mv Cold Curs will break uo any
form of cold in a few hours. 57 cures for 6J ailments. Every druggist sella them— mostly
TREATMENT BY MAIL.
Write Prof Munyon for advice, which Is ABSOLTJTELT J*RET5. The most ebatlaat.
cases successfully treated In strictest confldence. -Guide to Health/* TREE.
MUNYON'S H, R. H. CO., 1505 Arch St., Phila.
BAXLBX) AD ¦ TBAVEL.
REMOVED]
FROM ¦
TOO MARKET S
xo 3
215and2l7SutterSt. I
.¦-.- ;¦
A complete new stock of m
CARPETS, ¦
LINOLEUMS, m
CURTAINS, "
RUGS, ETC. J
„ ¦ ¦* - 1 - Hi
Schtoeter sVolberg -
Miss Leila Voormes.
$3-5o; will be sold at $2.00
50 dozen LADIES' SKIRTS; value for $1.00 and $1.25; all offered at6sc
HEAVY ULSTERS, a very desirable garment for ladies traveling; prices
ranging from $15.00 to $50.00
100 LADIES* MOREEN AND FANCY PETTICOATS; value for
MISSES' GOLF CAPES, sizes 14, 16 and 18; regular price $3.00, $3.50
and $400. all siies. will be sold at $2.50
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in size 36 only; value for 750, 85c and
$1.00; the entire lot will be offered at 50c
LADIES' BLACK CHEVIOT SUITS, tailor-made, richly appliqued; all
sizes; value for $20.00; sale price .• $12.50
WILL OFFER
THIS DAY.
1146 Market Street.
MDNYON'S INHALER
Cures Catarrh, Asthma and Grip
Relieves Colds, Opens Up All the Air Passages,
Instantly Cures Sore Throat, Bronchitis
and All Lung Diseases.
Ills '@k
CURES BY INHALATION
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are inhaled through tho mouth and emitted
from the nostrils, cleansing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot bs reached by medicine taken into tne stomach.
It permeates «very air passage.
And at once destrSys the dlseaa« germs.
It cures through medicated and vitalized air.
It is an invigorating tonic to the vital forces.
You are not confined to the mere odor of a remedy.
You obtain the remedy itself applied directly to th« ailment.
It positively cures Catarrh and diseases of the nasal organs.
It Dosltively cures diseases of the throat and lungs.
It enables you to cure yourself at home.
It is a powerful yet harmless antiseptic.
It is as easy to breathe as the common air.
It renders unnecessary any cutting, burning or cauterizing-.
It destroys at once the bacilli of bronchitis and coasumstlon. •
Its use la followed Immediately by a sense oi relief.
It enables you to save biff doctor's fees.
It Is the most rational treatment known. .
It makes you feel like a new person.
OPEN
SAN FRANCISCO
TO
CHICAGO
Santa Fe Route
Tbo Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fo Railway System begs to
announce the completion of its railway from San Francisco to
Chicago— 2550 miles.
It is the only railway which owns and controls its track from
the Pacific Ocean to Lake Michigan.
It proposes to furnish prompt and satisfactory service, and It
hopes to receive a generous proportion of the public patronage. \
May 1st freight will be handled regularly to and from the East
and all points in the San Joaquln Valley and Southern California.
"Freight Depot: Corner Spear and Harrison Streets.
The date for inaugurating passenger train service, will bo
announced later. /
JOHN J.BYRNE, EDWARD CHAMBERS,
General Passenger Agent, General Freight Agent, .
Lines west of Albuquerque. ,
,W. A. BISSELL, Assistant Traffic Manager, Santa Fe System.
ADVERTISEMENTS.*SEQUENCE IX CRIBBAGE— W. F. M..
Yountvllle. Cal. In the game of crlbbaga
it is not required that cards must coma
in sequence order in order to make a run.
For instance 6. 9, 7. 8 will count a run of
four, as the transposition of the. cards
makes the sequence.
som« on* who speaks the German lan
guage speak the name In your presence.
The Corbett and Jeffries mill will grind a rich grist
for the pool-sellers, ar.d every bit of it will be ground
out of fools.
Yale men were so jubilant over their victory in the
contests against the Californians .that they are sus
pected of setting fire to a building on the campus
for the purpose of making a bonfire; and if the sus
picion be well founded it will pay Yale to have her
boys licked next time as they deserve.
What is described as "a magnificent monument of
Thomas Jefferson" has just been from Ber
lin to Louisville. The sculptor 'is said to be an
American named Moses Ezekiel, so it is probable the
statue will have something of a prophetic cast o*
countenance and a judicial pose.
The civil war in Colombia has been conducted so
quietly that few people knew anything' about it, but
now that the insurgents are reported to have pur
chased a torpedo-boat perhaps there will be an ex
plosion very 'soon which will be heard round the
world.
The inability of the police to capture any of the
footpads who are terrorizing the city has a tendency
to suggest that the .worthy officers of the peace are
kept busy peeking through the wickets in the six
foot saloon partitions established by our "reformers."
A Sacramento lecturer, speaking in Oakland, said
that most municipal "governments are notoriously
corrupt. And our honored Mayor has only recently
received a prize for an essay telling how the truly
good can govern cities.
Having failed to accomplish any other result than
to make itself ridiculous with its bubonic plague
scare, the Board of Health has determined to inflict
another plague upon the city. It is raising its. salary
roll almost every week.
A local lecturer is convinced that if everybody had
his own way the march toward true freedom would
begin. That lecturer has evidently not been following
the antics- of his Honor the Mayor. ..'
SUFFICIENT justice has not yet been done to
the excellence of the display of American in
dustries at Paris in the reports from that city.
It is probable that this is due to the fact that the ex
position is not yet complete, and that later on, when
all the displays are open for contrast and comparison,
we shall hear more of the points in which our sp
periority is manifest. Up to this time the only no
table report on the subject has been the announcement
that in extent and variety the exhibits of the Unite!
States exceed tho<e of any other nation with the sole
exception of France itself. Few details of the ex
hibits have been forthcoming, but such as have been
presented give promise that when the whole is made
known we shall have the satisfaction of learning that
our display exceeds competition not only in number
and in variety but in quality as well.
One 1 of the features of the exhibit in which Califor
nians are mainly interested is that of fruit, and fortu
nately that is one of the branches in which the Ameri
can display is most comprehensive and most excel
lent. In the Eastern fruit-growing State3 much at
tention has been given to that exhibit, and it is grati
fying to note that rven.by those States the superior
quality of the California display is conceded.
The Philadelphia Inquirer in a recent editorial on
the subject said: "Every section of the country is
represented by an exhibit of some kind of fruit, but
it is the American apple that queens it over all rivals.
There is not a State having any importance as an
apple-grower that is not represented by at least 200
barrels of our product Pennsylvania has a remark
ably fine exhibit, and is perhaps second only to Cali
fornia in this respect, while Virginia. New York, In
diana and Connecticut ar<; also big exhibitors. Other
fruits are hot neglected, and, on the whole, we have
reason to be proud of the showing that we make."
If, as the Pennsylvania^ concede; we surpass other
OUR EXHIBITS AT PARIS.
United States District Attorney Frank L. Coomb3
has expressed the opinion that it will require "some
unseen wisdom" to govern the Philippines. Perhaps
the attitude of the United States District Attorney is
an indication that he thinks that the same kind of
wisdom is necessary to keep the Chinese out of San
Francisco.
BENEFACTIONS
OF A YEAR
Rossiter Johnson's compilation of public
gifts and bequests In the United States
which were made
Benefactions or became' opera
tive during 1S39
for the Year, shows a total of
$62,750,000, the larg
$62,750,000 est ever recorded.
The year previous
the total was $38,000,000, which was a fall
ing off of $7,000,000 from 1897. The excep
tionally large total last year is undoubt
edly due to the general prosperity of the
country, which had th« result of unloos
ing purse strings.
The largest benefactions during the
year were by Mrs. Leland Stanford of
San Francisco. On May 31 she transferred
to the Leland Stanford Jr. University
stocks and real estate of a face value of
$3S,000,000 and a cash market value of $15,
000,000. Two weeks later she transferred
valuable lands and water front rights,
swelling the endowment of the university
to $45,000,000. The face value of the se
curities constituting the bulk of the In
vestment is $SO,000,000, making the total
endowment the largest of any institution
in the world.
Next to .Mrs. Stanford the largest bene
factor was Andrew Carnegie, whose total
gifts for libraries .
and other institu- Mr. Carnegie's
tions, i n c 1 u d ing
pledges, aggregated Gift for 1899,
$5,000,000. In addi
tion to this amount $5,000,000
Mr. Carnegie gave
about $500,000 to foreign institutions, the
most conspicuoua of which gifts was that
of $250,000 to Birmingham University to
promote scientific education.
The year 1S99 was not John D. Rocke
feller's big year for public benefactions.
-««¦ -r. i * ii , but tne sum of his
Mr. Rockefeller's pms in cash is
$730,000, viz. : For
Gifts for the improvement of
Gordon and Rocke-
Twelve Months feller parks. Cleve-
land, Ohio, $225,000;
Brown University. $250,000; Denison Uni
versity, $100,000; Columbia University, for
a chair of psychology, $100,000; new Ho
race Mann School, New York, $50,000, and
Tuskegee Normal and Industrial Insti
tute, $10,000.
Mr. Rockefeller also offered the Chi
cago University to duplicate all gifts
made to it during the year up to an ag
gregate of $2,000,000, the Rochester Theo
logical Seminary a duplication of $150,000
In gifts and the city of Cleveland im
proved property valued at $300,000, for an
additional park.
The public gifts of J. P. Morgan during
last year were extensive in valuable man*
uscripts an-i works
of a,rt. Including J. P. Morgan's
property valued at
$350,000 to the So- Public
clety of the Lying
in-Hospital of New Benefactions
York, which was In
addition to a previous gift of $1,000,000 to
the same institution. His gift to the New
York Public Library included 180 bound
volumes and 20,000 pieces of manuscripts
of great value.
Among the letters were 227 of Andrew
Jackson, 1280 of Noah "Webster and a
large portion of the correspondence of
Horace Greeley between 1S50 and 1S72.
Tjr tTT-J > during 1S39 were
Mr. Widener'a largely for hosplt
. _ _, , . als- He gave to
Purso Strings the city of Phila.
delphla funds apr-
Open gregating $2,000,000
The gifts of Peter A. B. Widener, the
Philadelphia street railway millionaire.
. for a combined
home and hospital for crippled children.
In addition to the money for the erection
and endowment of the Institution he gave
thirty-six acres of land from a site at
Logan, a suburb of Philadelphia.
Other benefactions during . the year
were: Collia P. Huntlngton and Mrs.
Huntlngton, 175,000;
Edward Austin of Many
Bob ton, Jl.100,000:
Dorman • B. Eaton Public
of New York, $240.
000; Mrs. George C. . . '/ ' Gifts
Crocker of San
Francisco, $20,000; Hon. Mark A. Hanna
of Cleveland. SK.OOO; Robert 1 0. Billings of
Boston, $1,500,000; Mrs. Eramona Elaine of
Chicago. $1,000,000; John I. Blair, $150,000;
Mrs. Lydia A. Bradley of Peoria, 111.. $1 -
000,000; Catherine "Wolfe Bruce of New
York. $10,000; Phil D.- Armour of Chicago,
$750,000; Mrs. Elizabeth H. Baies, M. D..
of Port Chester, N. Y.. $114,000; Calvin
Ellis. M. D., of Cambridge, Mass.. $140.
000; Samuel Cupples of St. I^ouls. $400 000-
Chal F. Daly of New York, $40,000; lienja.
min M. Duke of Durham. N. C. $50000-
H. C. Frick of Plttsburg, $20,000; Leon
Wendel of Chicago, . $50,000; anonymous
gift to Pennsylvania University, $250,000;
Edward Y. Perry of Hanover, Mass., the
Income from $1,000,000 to be given to the
poor; Henry A. Pevear of Lynn, Mass.
$300,000; Charles F. Smith of Boston, $1,
000,000; Edward Tuck of New York, $200,
000; Cornelius Vanderbilt. $1,120,000; Mrsl
Hester N.Wetherell of Worcester. Mass..
$102,000: Maxwell Somerville of.Philadel
phia, $600,000; anonymous gift to Princes
ton University, $800,000; Professor O C ;
Marsh, $150,000.
Too Free With a Cannon.'
Edward Thornton, a boy 15,'years of age!
has ; been in the habit of firing a :toy can
non from the roof of the house, 109 Fifth
street kept by his stepfather, Michael
McSweeney, to 'the terror of the neighbor
hood. Saturday night a crowd heard
the -explosion and' thought- eome one had
committed suicide.- Policeman 'McDowell
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, May 7.-Robert Belcher of
San Francisco is at the Murray Hill: P.
Echuren of San Francisco is at the Fifth
Avenue; Dr. R. \V. Murphy of San Fran
cisco is at the Imperial; J. T>. Lincoln of
Pasadena is at the Victoria; F. B. Dallas
of San Francisco Is at the Hoffman; L.
Kauff man of San Francisco is at the Em
pire.
CAXirORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, May T.-James W.
Logan is at the Raleigh; Miss Lottie
Berbach is at the Arlington; R. O. Lin
coln Is at the National; Avard J. Moore
is at the Ebbltt; all are of San Francisco.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
. THE LICK BATHS— H. R., City. The
Lick free baths on Tenth street, San
Francisco, were opened on the 4th of No
vember, 1890.
TRAINED NURSE-Friend, City. If
you desire to become a trained nurse
without cost, apply to the nurses' depart
ment at the City and County hospital.
' A TRAGIC VOICE-F. R. T. P., City, it
Is possible for a person having a barytone
voice to modulate his voice so as to bring
it to the standard of "a tragic voice."
CAPE NOME WAGES— J. A. A., City.
In the early days of Cape Nome wages
were $10 a day with board, but the Influx
of people has brought down the rate.
THE UTAH BATTERY— A. S.. San
Leandro, Cal. The Utah Battery arrived
in the port of San Francisco on its way
home from the Philippines July 30, 1S99.
WHITE PASS ROAD— J. A. A.. City.
There is no advice in this city at this time
as to when the White Pass and Yukon
Railroad will extend Us line to White
Horse Rapids. * ¦
EUCHRE-J. McM., City. A well known
euchre player says that in a four handed
game of euchre If A is dealing and B or
ders him up to keep htm from making
four, A's partner cannot play alone for
four.
I TO CAPE N0ME-J. A. A., City, and a
dozen others In different parts of the
State. The Canadian Government re
quires that any person entering the Yukon
country for the purpose of engaging In
mining shall be possessed of not less than
JoOO in cash or at least 1000 pounds of Dro
visions.
SCHOOL LANDS— XV. F. M.. Yount
ville, Cal. if you have any comp'lalnts in
regard to school lands which you claim
you were^forcwHl by false representations
to return to the State, you should address
a communication to the Attorney General
of the State, laying all facts before him
If you are entitled to redress he will ad
viso you.
".. ' KRUGER- D. D., Cranmore, Cal. There
are certain sounds In foreign languages
which no combination of letters In English
can reproduce. Such can be ascertained
only by hearing some one utter them. The
pronunciation of Kruger Is one of these
To obtain the proper intonation, have
These depositors resent the suggestion of such a
cl.ange and will reject the party which threatens it.
Yet we are compelled to admit that even Republican
papers which arc now attempting to conclude na
tional issues in a State convention opposed and de
cried the gold standard law under which all of these
fcalendid results have appeared.
By July 1, iooc, it is probable that fully 250,000 0 {
our people will have money in the savings banks.
TheV earned and deposited it in gold dollars. They
want their principal and interest in gold dollars. They
know that if Colonel Bryan were elected and pro
cured the adoption of free silver it would not be in th<j
power of their trustees, the banks, to pay back in
gold, and for every gold dollar worth 100 cents they
earned arid deposited" they would get back a silver
dollar worth 50 cents.
We ask, with confidence, is there a reasonable man
in California who wishes to change this condition of
affairs? Ar.d with equal confidence we challenge any
mpporter 01 Colonel Bryan to deny that a change
will come with his election, if the fates should choose
to so afflict the country. . •%-'.-
The deposits in commercial and national banks -as
shown by Mr. Murphy underwent the same shrinking
process ar.d have in like manner risen. In 1893 they
declined over four millions, and stood at $46,000,000;
now they have risen to $86,943,858. National banks
fell off in 1893 to $13,000,000 and have now risen to
$37,000,000. Mr. Murphy said that the deposits in
our banks are now increasing at the rate of two and
a half millions a month! The banks are rapidly trans
ferring the money to give motion to wage and profit
paying enterprises, 3nd the surplus wages and profits
flow back into the banks to continue the stimulation
of enterprise.
Well, what has followed? Last Friday Hon. B. D.
Murphy of San Jose, Democrat, gentleman and Bank
Commissioner, delivered an address to the Bankers'
Association, in session at Sacramento. His statement
was both personal and official. It was a message of
progress and prosperity to the State. He submitted
statistics, derived from his official knowledge, which
tell the story of the jold standard in its application to
California. He read the deposit statement of the
banks of tlm State on July 1, from 1890. On
that ciatc the savings banks of California had
deposits amounting to Sy8.ooo.ooo. By 1893 those
had risen to $138,000,000. The decline then began,
and by June 1, 1S97, had reached $127,000,000. Then
the tide turned. Industry began to revive. The sur
plus earnings of the people began to flow into the
savings banks and thence into the channels of enter
prise, to pay more wages and make more surplus for
deposit, until January 1, 1000, our savings, banks had
in deposits $i5O.779.73i 62. belonging to 214,250 de
positors, being an average for each depositor of
$~O3 75. or the largest average deposit per capita of
any State in the Union.
It is interesting to note the eftect. Co'onel Bryan
anointed himself, put on the robes of the prophet
issued from contact with the oracles and predicted
pinch, pestilence and famine if the gold standard were
adopted. In his rec^r.t execution of an oratorical
quickstep in California he "made dust his paper and
with rainy eyes wrote sorrow on the bosom of the
earth" on account of what was to follow the gold stan
dard and the assurance of stability in our financial
policy.
I \EPUJBLICAX politicians who are so anxious to
V—/ diven public attention to their formulation of
new issues will do wel! to look rather more
closely at what is, ar.d find in current conditions the
vindication by events of the position of the party upon
veil seasoned issues. It was clear ever since 1897
th2t the Republican party during President Me Kin
ley's first term proposed to end all doubt by making
the single gold standard the law of the land. In
effect even- business transaction since March 4, 1897,
has been i:i this expectation. The business of the
country stepped out without feeling the way, confi
dent that the party would redeem its pledge.
THi STATE'S PROSPERITY.
Colonel Hyxnan P. Bush, the chief ac
countant of the San Francisco Branch
Mint, has returned from his trip to Wash
ington, where he had been summoned by
the Secretary of the United States Treas
ury o.n official business. Colonel Bush In
terviewed President McKinley, who made
many Inquiries regarding California,
dwelling at some length on the Japanese
immigration Question.
M. Giaunand, one of the largest silk
manufacturers in the United States, ar
rived from New York yesterday and is at
the Palace. He is accompanied by his
wife and family. Before returning to the
East the party will tour the State.
Frank St. John, a mining man, and
N. W. Boyd, a hotel proprietor, arrived
from Bodie yesterday and are stopping
at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Paul Hoper and E. TVen
denann, wife and children, arrived from
Kanai and are guests at the Occidental.
H. J. Small, superintendent of construc
tion of the Southern Pacific at Sacramen
to, is at the Palace.
W. Richardson, a well-known lumber
man of Truckee, accompanied by his wife,
is at the Russ. •¦ ¦
Charles N. J. Oliver. Chief Commis
sioner of Australian Railways, Is stopping
at the Palace.
Mrs. L. T. Pltken, a missionary, has re
turned from China and Is at the Califor
nia.
It. M. Bell of Manila is at the Grand.
Dr. E. B. Miller of Portland la at the
Palace.
Thomas H. Lynch of Fresno Is at the
Occidental.
General M. N. Muller Is staying at the
California.
J. It. Gilbert, a mining man of Montana,
Is at the Palace.
Louis Dean, a cattleman of Reno, Is
stopping at the Russ.
T. J. Geary, an attorney of Santa Rosa,
Is stopping" at the Lick.
A. Brown Milton of the State Board of
Equalization is at the Lick.
A. H. Spurr of the Hotel Gillman of
Lakeport, is at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
arrested the boy for discharging firearms
within the city limits, and the case was
called yesterday before Judge Fritz. The
boy's mother created a scene In court by
denouncing the Mayor and all the city
officials for having her son arrested- She
had come from Australia five months ago.
The boy was convicted.
The Mission Federation has acted rightly in going
direct to the Mayor to demand the reforms desired.
It is true "that under the new charter we have given
the Mayor absolute and control over all de
partments." He is accountable, for the extravagance
and the waste of the administration and for the dark,
dirty, dangerous condition of the crime-infested
streets, and should not be permitted to shirk or evade
the issues his bungling has brought upon the com
munity.
The Mayor cannot shirk the responsibility rest
ing upon him. He has frequently boasted that
this is his government; that the charter gives
him power to control all branches of the gov
ernment; that the heads of departments are re
sponsible not to the people but to him, and that hi
only is responsible to the people. It is to him, there
fore, that the public must look for reform of admin
istration. It is his policy that has plunged the city
in darkness and that lias given criminals an opportu
nity to ply with safety the trade of robbery and assas
sination even in the best-ordered districts of the city.
While these repeated outrages of robbery, burglary
and attempts at murder go on following one another
with alarming rapidity and with increasing frequency
the Mayor continues to make a peacock display of his
power by interfering here and there with the various
departments of administration— not for the purpose of
improving matters but merely to show his authority.
Thus, at this juncture, instead of making any effort
toward lighting the streets or toward making the
police force more efficient, he is devoting all his fussy
energies to the end of converting the park lodge into
a branch library. He might just as well undertake to
use the lodge as an almshouse or an infirmary, for the
park area was not designed for library purposes any
more than for hospital uses.
The matter of which the federation complains at
this time is that of the revenues of the municipality
too large a portion is paid out for salaries and too
small a portion for permanent improvements. That,
of course, is a serious offense, and the Mission Feder
ation is doing an important service to the public in
directing attention to it. The greatest evil of the
time, however, is the neglect of the Mayor to provide
for the proper cleaning, sprinkling and lighting of the
streets. Out of that neglect there has come a positive
danger to life and property, for almost every night
some one is held up and robbed by footpads in the
darkness.
In the preamble to the resolutions calling for the
appointment of the committee the federation declares
"the taxpayers of the Mission and South Side districts
assisted Mayor Phelan to bring about the adoption of
the new charter and gave him the necessary votes to
change the then existing government in the belief
that a better condition of affairs would result from
such change, and the. waste and 'extravagance then ex
isting in the management of municipal affairs would
be stopped." Furthermore, the preamble declares
that the federation recognizes "that under the new
charter we have given the Mayor absolute power and
control over all departments." Therefore the federa
tion reasonably and justly looks to the Mayor for a
redress of the present administrative evils.
THE MAYOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES.
BY the Federation cf Mission Improvement Clubs
at a special meeting on Saturday evening there
was appointed a committee of five to wait on
his Honor Mayor James D. Phelan and ask him to
give such advice to the Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors to the end that a fair proportion
of the taxes contributed by the people of this city will
be expended on our schools, streets, sewers, and for
other permanent improvements, which have already
been too long deferred, instead of such enormous op
erating expenses as at present.
Leavenworth, Kans., has settled the "Sapho" con
troversy to the satisfaction of all parties. The au
thorities permit the play on weekdays, but forbid it
on Sundays. Evidently the Kansans regard it as a
work rather than a play, and determine to have a
rest from it one day in the week.
TUESDAY MAY 8, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
|'LBLICATIO> OFFICE.. Market and Third. 8. F.
Telephone Main lbU8.
CDITOIUAL HOOM*. ...717 to 221 StereasoB St.
Telephone Main lfe.7-4.
Oellrered hy Carrier*. 16 Cent* Per 'Week.
Single Cople*. S Ont«.
*>rrn» br Mall. Inelndlnar Postaicei
TV TT.Y CALL uncludlo* Sunday), one ]•««¦ MW
DAILY CALX. «!nc!u<Ilng Sunday). 8 month*. ............. 8.00
DAILY CALL (Including Eunday), S xacDtbs.. ............ 1.B0
DAILY CALL— By fc'.r;'.* Mc-Ltb '. «3e
El'NDAY CALL One Tear t.... 1.50
WEEKLY CALL On* Year 1.00
?11 postmasters are authorised to rccclr*
iDbicrlptlonik
tixepi* copies will b* forwarded when relocated.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGt KROGNESS.
K'tr.tger Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building, Chicago.
<Ixn* Distance Telephone "Central X6M.")
KKW IORK COKUSSPOXTJENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NKW TO.".k xiiLi -.ucj=EXTATIVK:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribuna Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
EJiermari Houre: >'. O. News Co.; Greait Northern Hotel:
Plxuiuct iiuuw; Auditorium Hotel.
N*TW YORK NEWS STAIfM:
¦Vt"fc.l<3orT-A*tcrU Hotel; A. li.-rr.'.uno. SI Union Square:
livmy BUI liotrf.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
isili^rn OFrtrK« — jtt Mcoucomerr. rem»r of cisy. ct>»n
ct-tU P:30 o'clnck. S00 litres, opf a .until »;S0 o'clock. <n»
ar«-A"ltter. cperc until 0:30 o'clock. C15 L«rk!n. or<"n until
§:%0 o'clock. 18«l Mission, open until iu c' clock. Z2QI
kiarkrt, ourcer (Sixteenth, open until « o'clock. U*.«: j
X •>!.¦ k. cp en uctil » o'clock. IK Eleventh, open uni:: :
1 c'clcck. N'W. ecrevr 'A ttecty-fcecuxiu un«l K.enluc*y.
¦ :•• xirtJl »> o'clock.
THE Republican party of California, and of other
States, was seriously handicapped in 1896 by the
formulation of national policies in State plat
forms. The policies which were put forward in that
way were concerning questions upon which the na
tional party had not spoken, and upon which there
was a division of opinion in the States. The only re
sult of State action in such cases is faction within the
party and serious division. In 1896 it resulted in the
highly spectacular secession of Teller, Dubois and
others, to whom it gave the opportunity to march out
of the national convention, investing their act with an
impressivencss out of proportion to its importance.
No Republican has forgotten the strain that was put
upon the party in this State by dogmatizing in the
State convention upon national issues. For a time it
imperiled the party, and doubt as to the result was
not fairly cleared away until the count of the vote was
completed.
This lesson should be heeded. The premature ex
pressions in the platform of 1808 are already being
used, we regret to say, by Republican papers to im
pugn the motives and impeach the good faith of Re
publican members of Congress, and from the same
source come ready-made planks on national issues
for the platform of the State convention. The party
is not a unit on the issues which these planks pro
pose to conclude. Nor is there any certainty that
their statement of issues will be indorsed by the na
tional convention. It is not for a State convention to
say that fifteen millions of Filipinos and Porto Ricans
; are citizens of the United States and free commoners
within the Union. Nor is it for such convention to
say that tropical labor and tropical wage shall have
free competition at present with American labor paid
on our high domestic schedule. The national conven
tion may say these things, but we doubt whether it
will, or should, go further than to indorse the efforts
of the administration to secure for the Government
and people full and reliable information as to these
new people and their physical environment, upon
which finally a permanent policy may be based as 10
our relations with the islands and the islanders. It
is' our belief that no good has ever been accomplished
by manipulating ex parte expressions in a State con
vention which affect policies that are essentially na
tional.
The Republican national platform of 1896 committe J
the party to a sound money policy. Its position on that
question was emphasized by the campaign and further
elucidated by State platforms which have since ex
pounded it. With that beginning the party has gone
forward to the successful accomplishment of gold
standard legislation, and has planted private prosper
ity upon the solid rock of the best public credit the
country has ever enjoyed. With our 2 per cent bonds
at a premium of 3 X A per cent, Republicans may view
with satisfaction the beneficial results of leaving a
national issue to a national convention, where it be
longs.
It this is true as to the money question, how much
more vital is the application of the same method to i
the amazing and vexatious results of the Spanish war!
As to them, the best that even a national convention
can do now is to lay down the very few fundamental
principles that may be needful of use as we progress
in knowledge of the situation, and beyond that leave
the issue in a waiting state, for it is better to wait for
light than go stumbling in the dark, with fatal results
to some of the parties in interest. The declaration of
the State convention of California, made August 24,
1898, was a step in the dark. No one then knew to
what extent the duties of the Government .growing
out of the Spanish war might lead us. And yet a very
few Republican papers, that wish to confuse rather
than enlighten counsel, insist that that premature
expression, that was prenatal even to the issue with
which it dealt, for that issue was not born until six
months later, shall be reaffirmed, enlarged and ap
plied to a situation to which it is already proven in
applicable.
The Republican convention of this State will help
the party by calling attention to its fidelity to past
promises, its redemption of every pledge, its success
ful leadership of the country through great trials, and
the advance made in material conditions by the ap
plication of its policies to the needs of the people.
The administration deserves not only the indorse
ment of the party, but of the people, and will have
both, and it will get an expression of the party's con
fidence in the management of intricate affairs yet to
be fully husked out and settled when they are en
tirely revealed, and not before.
The platform carpenters who wish to launch new
national politics in a State pond should be restrained.
They are like ship-builders who would construct the
Great Eastern on the shore of a fishpond.
NATIONAL POLICIES.
The benefits we are likely to derive from our ex
hibit are great. A considerable degree of prejudice
exists in Germany and France against American fruit,
and materially interferes with the advancement of our
fruit trade with those countries. That prejudice
will be weakened if not wholly overcome by the
effects of the object lessons of the exposition, and
throughout the civilized world there will be a widen
ing demand for the rich and luscious products of Cali
fornia orchards.
State* in the exhibits of apples, a fruit which occu
pies a comparatively small area of California orchards,
but is extensively cultivated in the East it is clear
that our superiority in the whole fruit display must be
so great as to distance all competition. Thus while
the United States surpasses other nations we will sur
pass all other States, and the pre-eminence of Califor
nia as a fruit-growing: country will be demonstrated
under conditions that will be of material advantage
to us.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900.
OOM— VAIN IS THE NET SPREAD IN SIGHT OF THE BOER.
—New York "World.
6
OUR GOLD DREDGINO PUMPS
L'DrtPU Were successful at Norn* last
lYIxUvJll year. All others failed. In opera-
tion dally. 9 Stevenson st.. S. F.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
James Ray Buchanan, carpenter, resi-
dence Sacramento, filed a petition In In-
solvency in the United States District
Court yesterday. His liabilities are $2274
and his assets $64.
An Insolvent Carpenter.
We recommend the use of Dr. Slegert's An-
gostura Bitters to our friends who suffer wit!)
dyspepsia. . -"- . ¦• - . - . » ;.. ,.¦« „-">'
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
The best liver medicine. A vegetable cure for
liver ills, biliousness. Indigestion, constipation.*
Tbe season Is now open. Stag« trip has b»-n
reduced to IH hours. Comfortable accommoda-
tions at hotel. The round trip rata from San
Francisco Is only IS5. Particulars at Santa F»
ticket office. Ct Market street.
The Grand Canyon of Arizona.
Flora Macdonald Shearer, the school
teacher and poetess, was for the third
time adjudged insane by the Insanity
Commissioners yesterday and committed
to the asylum at Uktah. On the two pre-
vious occasions she was sent to privata
Institutions.
Sent to the TJkiah Asylum.
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Cal. glace fruit SOc per It) atTownsend'a.*
Our centrlfujral pumps are going to Cape Jfom*.
are you? Better buy one: Just ths pump for
gravel: has Interchangeable parts. W. T.
GARHATT & CO.. cor. Fremont and Natoma.
D^EDGINQ PUMPS.
WHISKY.
H1TVTC0 pYC CHRISTY * WISE Commer-
IILlUC.I BIC- cial Co.. 377-33 Sansome St.
TYPEWRITERS.
BHckensderfer. especially adapted, durable, por-
table, reliable, practical; J40. 117 Sutter.
/ ASSAYINQ.
LKAr.N to pan. amalramate, <»te.. In 18 days.
tiO. VAN DER NAILLEN. 833 Market st.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Operation Dally, (23 Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
nOL> SEPARATOR.
Cyclone Gold Separator and Amalgamator In
dally operation. Win. II. Birch ft Co.. 1J3 tit.
ENGINES.
In stock, steam, gas. gasoline: full ltn«: mfrs,
prices. American Mfrs. Assn.. W Fremont.
VARSH STEAM PUMPS
Supply fresh or salt water for sluice boxes;
high cr low lifts. Slmonds. 33 Market st.
D»EDGI>-fJ PL'MPS.
Oil. Gasoline. Steam Holxts. Centrtfnirai Pumps.
EnKlnesABolIers. HendyMach.Wks..4O Fremont.
ROCKERS.
Th» lightest, cheapest and proven the best for
placer work. 1911% Mission st.
SLUICE BOXES, i
Klondike champion sluice saves gold; competi-
tion Invited 1798 15th St.. corner Guerrero.
ECLIPSE COLO-SAVING MACHINE.
Portable, reversible, ball-bearing: capacity 3S
tons dally: weight 100 lbs. 303 Mission st.
GOLD.SAVINO MACHINE
In operation daily at Mining Fair. Central
Park. Office 137 Heale st.
F. W BELL* Central Plating Works. 852 Mis-
sion st.. S. F. Phone Jewle 301.
PLATE* TOP SAV1NQ GOLn.
Schaerletn A Burridse. 3 Hardl« place. oS
Kearny. between Sutter and Dush streets.
PAFKS ALASKV ROCKER.
Rocklnjr pumps the water; self-clearlne riffles
motion continuous. 2 Natoma. nr. Fremont.
FIBRE GOLD CONCENTRATOR.
Saves fin* gold: no plates, mercury or motion.
In operation 11 Spear st.
CONCENTRATORS.
PATTERSON'S "Acme" Concentrator work*
black sand dally. 227 Mission st.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL. Gold Savins; Machine. «9 Fol-
som street. Oriental Gas Enelne Company.
SILVER-PLATED MINING PLATES.
GKT them at Denntston'n San Francisco Plat-
ing Works. fc£ Mission st.
TANKS.
TAKKS-Parlfle Tank Co.. manufacturers. J3
Beale «t. S. F.. 3tt K. 2d 9t .. Lo 9 Angeles.
NOME MINING SCHOOL.
t«arn ta know gold and save It. to band;*
amalgamating plates, etc. Central Park.
MEDICINE CASES.
FE8RYD8U0 CO .jgg^
GROCERIES JNO PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS., 570 Howard.
308 Fourtn. I2C5 Polk and 1M1 Stockton. S. F.
L'QUOPS.
WHISKFY BLATZ BEER. Bethesda Water.
TTUI3&CI CAHEX & SON.41S Sacramento .£
AUCTION SALES.
Py A. W. Louilei lock— Thursday, May 10. at 11 a. m. and
I p. re . Ft*r>:ia Hues, <-.t corner Geary and Jjtuckton streets.
Co!umHa-"Th» FTvll Eye."
Tlvoli— "The Wizard of the JCile."
Grand Oixra-houst— "in Gay New Tort-
Alcazar— "The Great Diamond Robbery/'
California— "A Parisian Homance."
California— Sada. this afternoon.
"riheu!ii— "Veudeville."
Oljx'.pia. corner Mason and Ed<5y etreets— Specialties.
Chutr>. Zoo anj Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•n-enii:^.
FiKoher** Concert House — "Faust."
Fherman &. Clay Hull— I'aloma Schramm, ' Wednesday
afternoon. #
Kapp Company Concert Hall— Vaudeville.
AMUSEMENTS
. PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STAXDEFORD CO.. Washington
and 1st sts.. Oakland, or Builders" Ex.. ». V.Ethel Florence Gordon, who has been
a frequent inmate of the City Prison
through her drunken habits, attempted to
commit suicide in her cell yesterday after
noon by strangling herself with a piece of
cloth; which she made into a rope. She
was sent to the Receiving Hospital,
where she soon recovered.
Tried to Strangle Herself.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day < by Minnie , M. Dally from Joseph
Daily. for willful neglect, and Lucinda M.
Murphy from John J. Murphy, for extreme
cruelty. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Dora " J. J. : Browne : against ¦. Gustav
Browne for . cruelty/ - and Alona LIndo
against ; Lawrence Llndo for desertion.
In the Divorce Court.
Barclay Henley Sued.
Frank P. Kelly filed suit yesterday
against Barclay Henley, to recover 6 per
cent of 150,000 shares of the Vekal Mining
Company, or $12,450, in accordance with
the terms of an agreement in which the
plaintiff, when associated with the firm
of Cross, Kail, Ford & Kelly, attorneys
at law. agreed to pay the expenses of the
litigation over, the John D. Walker estate
in consideration of defendant's agreement
as associate counsel with Howard Mac-
Sherry, -P. r B. McCabe and J. 13...Wood
ward, representing certain heirs of the
estate. : to pay to the firm named 6 per
cr>nf of all moneys and property, recovered
for the heirs. Plaintiff claims the stock
mentioned was recovered, hut as yet the
agreement has not been fulfilled.
Many ; Competitors for the Contract
Agree to Lower the Water Six
Hundred Feet
An important meeting of mining men
interested in the Comstock properties was
held in the Nevada building yesterday.
The business in hand was the opening of
bids for pumping out the mines so that
work may be resumed in the lower levels.
Twenty-six mining companies were rep
resented. Kastern and Western pumping
companies were present through their
representatives. The bids ranged from $75,
000 to $227,000. Several were so far from
the specifications that they were hardly
considered. The feature of the bidding
was the offer of the Risdon Iron Works,
which was to pump by an electric
hydraulic plant. The Snow Company's bid
was $227,000.
The work to be accomplished Is the
pumping out of 600 feet of water from the
mines and raising it so that it will run
through the Sutro tunnel. This will make
it possible for the mines .to be worked for
ten years at least in the lower levels. No
nctlon was taken on the bids. The con
tract will be awarded by a committee con
sisting of W. E. Sharon, G. McM. Ross,
Joseph R. Ryan and Lon Hamilton.
OFFERED TO PUMP OUT
THE COMSTOCK MINES
The recent controversy between Ra
phael's (Incorporated) and the Tlvoll
Opera-house over an agreement, under
the terms of which the first named cor
poration agreed to exhibit In one of its
show windows a suitable frame contain
ing pictures of the scenes, actors and
actresses of the comic opera, "The Wiz
ard of the Nile," has been amicably set
tled, and tne suit filed by the TlvoH for
breach of contract has been dismissed.
The frame, it was claimed by Raphael's,
was too large. Under the terms of the
compromise it was finally accepted and
is now on exhibition.
Raphael's Compromises.
$3 ladles' French kid shoes for $2 at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market street. •
RECENT SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERIES.
Copyright, 190O, by Seymour Baton.
I few essential things which a successful
machine of this sort must accomplish, but
their accomplishment id not in every case*
altogether easy. The pictures must bo
presented so rapidly that there is no ap-
I preciable break between, either in light
I or in positions of the moving figures. The
! light must be admitted exactly as the
I picture is in place and must be cut off
j just before the picture Is i-hanged. The
I different pictures muat be shown in exact
register or there will be a shifting or
dancing effect which la not intended and
is unpleasant.
Instead 01 a number of separate cam
eras to take the pictures, a single instru
ment is used, so arranged that the shut
ter is In practically continuous vibration
at the rate of thirty or more exposure*
a second. In. Its proper place behind the
shutter and lens a continuous strip of
film is run in time with the shutter. Its
motion 'is necessarily jerky, for it must
be at rest for the exposure, while the
shutter is open, and move ahead ona
space while the shutter is closed. By
the development of this long strip of film
there is obtained a series of negatives,
from which positives are printed, in simi
lar long strips, and these positive strips
are used in the viewing or projecting in
strument. If the positives are examined
separately it will usually be difficult. If
not impossible, to detect any difference
in positions of the figures in pictures
which He near together in the strip, and
when these pictures are passed through
the projecting instrument at the same
rate as that of the taking camera the
movements of the figures upon the screen
appear natural and lifelike.
The projecting Instrument for moving
pictures is a regular projecting lantern,
with the addition of mechanism, attached
to- the objective, for keeping the shutter
and the pictures in motion. This mo
tion is kept up by a motor or by a hand
wheel, and the shutter or fan is run by
the same mechanism that moves the film.
A picture Is held against the opening
while the lens is uncovered, then released
as the vane covers the lens, and the next
one takes Its place, to be shown, in turn,
the instant the vane has passed.
Practical Uses.
The chief use to which moving pic
tures have' been applied thus far Is
that of entertainment, and unfortunately
the subjects which have aroused the most
interest have been prize-rights. There
are, however, many directions in which
this instrument may prove of great value.
It Is proposed to make use of It in war.
and how far such an idea can be carried
out we shall perhaps know better after
the close of the present war In Africa.
There are certain practical difficulties in
having a kinetoscope camera at the front
always ready for service, even If its us**
were permitted.
The value of a series of Instantaneous
photographs taken at short intervals in
analyzing rapid motion Is sufficiently ob
vious. By passing the pictures through
the viewing instrument at a reduced
speed the motion may be made as slow
as we wish and its nature clearly seen.
Another application of this principle
which has recently bfen proposed is less
obvious. It is proposed to take photo
graphs at long Intervals of movements
which are very slow. Then, passing the
series of_ pictures from these negatives
through the viewing Instrument at the
usual speed the slow motion becomes
rapid. Suppose, fcr example, that a pho
tograph is taken every few hours of a
sprouting seed and growing plant.. When
shown by the viewing or projecting In
strument the sprout may be seen break
ing through the ground, gaining in height
and size, putting forth leaves, buds ami
branches and reaching Its maturity, all
in ,a few minutes. The same method
may be applied to many things other
than plants. To this modification of the
principle of moving pictures it has been
considered necessary to give a new name
—the "nhantoscoDe."
Moving Picture Machines.
All machines for showing moving pic
tures by whatever name they may be
called are nothing more than improve
ments and elaborations on the optical
principle of the zoetrope. There are but
The zoetrope consists of an open cylin
der, usually of cardboard, so mounted
that it can be whirled on a vertical axis.
In the upper half of this cylinder are cut
equidistant vertical slits. The pictures in,
order showing the successive instanta
neous positions In the motion to be repre
sented are placed inside the cylinder,
against the lower half, so that one picture
is opposite each slit. On whirling <the
cylinder, therefore, keeping the eye at
the row of silts, the pictures follow each
other in rapid succession, only e-ae being
seen at a time. The sensation of each
lasts until its image is replaced by that
of the next, and the impression Is that of
the action ot which the individual pictures
show different stages. •
The Zoetrope.
It would never have occurred to any
one before Muybrldge had come to this
country and had shown his Instantaneous
pictures of moving horses that any horse
ever assumed sucn attitudes. Even with
the evidence before their eyes the first
sensation of the majority 01 his hearers
was one of amusement and Incredulity.
His photographs were obtained by using
a series of cameras so placed that the
horse came before each one in succession
and caused the exposure to be made at the
right Instant by the breaking of a thread.
With the cameras at the right intervals
there was thus obtained a series of pic
tures which showed successive instanta
neous attitudes of the horse, with brief
breaks between. If these pictures could
be presented before the eye, one at a
time, in order and rapidly enough, the
impresslon of one would persist until the
next appeared and the horse would be
seen running, trotting or cantering natur
ally. Such an Instrument, very crude and
simple, existed at that time and had been
in use for many years as a scientific toy.
It was the zoetrope, the forerunner of the
kinetoscope and all its kin.
Muybridge's Pictures.
The response of the optic nerve and Its
connections to any action which produces
the sensation of light Is not instantane
ous nor does the sensation cease at once
with the cessation of the cause. It per
sists for an appreciable time, varying
from about one-thirtieth to one-tenth of
a second, according to the Intensity of the
light. In the case of the running horse,
therefore, the rapidly changing positions
blend into an impression whicn la pretty
well represented by the kind of picture
that was customary before the days of In
stantaneous photography.
Persistence of Vision.
If we look at one of the conventional
pictures of a running horse— a picture
twenty years old, preferably— and com
pare it with some of the more recent pic
tures of the same subject we may see a
marked difference. In the older picture
the horse is stretched out in an attitude
which, to Jhe eye not specially trained,
suggests speed. In the more recent one
he may perhaps be seen standing like an
awkward statue on one leg, with no visi
ble means of support for the rest of him.
And yet this is. in a sense, true to life,
for it represents accurately the position of
the horse at one instant. Except to the
technically trained eye it conveys no im
pression of rapid motion, for the eye does
not see things that way.
VI. MOVING PICTURES.
Note— These papers on Practical Science have
been prepared for The Call's Home StuJy C.r
cle by Professor William J. Hopkins oJ Urtxel
Institute.
ODD FELLOWS' HALL
STOCK NOT FAVORED
Judge Seawell has denied the petition
of the trustees mid certain beneficiaries
of the Mission-street lot trust of the Inde
pendent Order of Odd Fellows. In which
the petitioners prayed a decree be entered
adjudging that henceforth the Income
from the trust property should be Invested
in ttock of the Odd Fellows' Hall Asso
ciation of San Francisco instead of being
divided among the various lodges of the
city in accordance with the wish of the
donor of the gift Samuel Brannan. Trus
tees Thompson. Davis Louderback. David
Newell. Fred W. Warren and George T
Shaw filed suit last February for the pur
pose stated. Their petition was resisted
by many of the lodges, while others were
willing that the Income should be invested
in the stock. Judge Seawell decided yes
terday that as it had been proved that the
Investment was not a good one and that
the trustees were about to pay more for
the stock than It would bring in the mar
ket the petition should be denied.
Paul Strlckert has made oath that If
Martha Rachpauer is willing he will be
come a benedict. Thus has the strongest
allegation in the woman's breach of
promise suit been nullified. Some months
ago Miss Rachpauer filed suit against
Strickert, who is president of the supplies
firm that bears his name, to recover $50,
000 damages for breach of promise. She
told a pathetic story of a wrong done her
after years of waiting for her affianced
husband, and concluded her complaint
with the allegation that, although she
was ready, willing and anxious to marry
Paul Strickert, he had cast her aside.
Strickert gathered his lawyers around
him and the battle began. For a time
technicalities of law .held the case from
the trial court, but now, as Strickert has
filed answer, Issues have been Joined and
in event Miss l.achpauer does not take
him at his won and become his bride the
world will hear the story of their love
making and parting quarrel from Ihe lips
of both.
As an introductory to his answer Strick
ert admits that at one time he proposed
to Miss Rachpauer and they became en
gaged. Not since October if of last year,
he says, has his once fiancee been willing
to marry him and she has refused his offer
of marriage. In proof of his assertion or
to at least prove the fact that she released
him from his contract, he quotes an
agreement she execu.ed at a recent date.
This agreement, stripped of legal verbi
age, reads:
"Know all men by these presents: That
I, Martha Rachpauer, unmarried, for and
in consideration of the sum of $10 to me
in hand paid by Paul Strickert. have re
leased for myself, heirs, executors or ad
ministrators, of and from all manner of
actions and do forever discharge Paul
Strickert from all actions or causes of ac
: ',on In law or in equity which against him
1 ever had from the beginning of the
world to the present day. Also, I further
disclaim any and all relationship to him
In any and every kind whatsoever, by and
through our former relationship hereto
fore existing."
Notwithstanding this agreement Strick
ert says in his answer: "I am now ready
and willing to marry the plaintiff and
hereby and now make offer to so marry
her."
Miss Rachpauer has been served with a
copy of the answer.
In His Answer the Defendant Re
verses Matters by Charging His
Once Affianced Wife With
Being Insincere.
Interesting Development in
Rachpauer Breach of
Promise Suit.
PAUL STRICKERT
SAYS HE IS NOW
READY TO MARRY
The ship Cyrus TVakefleld appeared off
port yesterday with her main royal mast
and foretop gallant mast carried away.
She Is thirty-two days from Honolulu.
About the same time the sloop Iroquois,
133 days from New York, appeared in the
offing with her foretop gallant mast miss
ing, and the reinsurance brokers at once
commenced to make rapid calculations on
ships long at sea and overdue that might
have been mixed up in the same storm
with the partially dismantled vessels out
side.
The Iroquois was towed in about sun
down, however, and Captain Thompson
had scon told his story. He lost his fore
top gallant mast in a south-southwest
gale oft the Horn on February 20. He had
bad luck from the start. Three days after
leaving New York he had his fore lower
topsail yard and mizzentopsail yard car-,
ried away in a northwest gale. Except
for a bit of a gale off the Horn the re
mainder of the voyage was fairly good.
The Cyrus Wak»fleld refused a tow and
tried to beat in, but the wind was too
light and contrary and at sundown she
anchored ten miles outside. It is likely,
however, that she got Into the same gale
with the Antiope, which arrived here yes
terday from Kihel. Ha>vaii. The Antiope
reports having encountered a northerly
gale on March 1" in latitude 29.52 north,
longitude 147.40 west, which Increased al
most to a hurricane. The Antiope was
hove-to. It was impossiole. says Captain
Murray in his report, to face the wind
and the lee side was all under. All sails
furled were mere or less blown out of the
gaskets and much other damage was done.
Collector Cleared Thyra.
It is an unusual thing for the Collector
of the Port to clear a vessel ready for sea,
but Collector of Customs Jackson has es
tablished a precedent for the business.
The California and Oriental liner Thyra
arrived here on Saturday with a small
cargo of freight and the agents desired to
get her away as soon as possible. An ac
commodating deputy waited at the Cus
tom-house until after 2 o'clock on Satur
day afternoon to clear the vessel when
she was ready, but as she had not finished
discharging by that timfe he left the office.
Late on Saturday the steamer was
ready for sea, but no deputy could be
found. On Sunday morning Collector
Jackson was appealed to. Without hesi
tation he got into the cab provided for
him and proceeded to the Custom-house,
where he made out the necessary papers
and attached his own signature to them.
Such an honor has not been accorded a
vessel entering this port, it is said, In
many years.
There is to be a special drill to-night for
the engineers' department of the Naval
Reserve aboard the transport Sherman,
and the boys are in high feather over it.
Drill for Engineers.
British Ship Antiope Exports a Hur
ricane Blow That May Have
Done Dam age to Some Ha
waiian Island Traders.
Cyrus Wakefield and Iro
quois Were Partially Dis
mantled by Storms.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Chief Engineer KIngsland of the Sherman
is also chief engineer of the Naval Re
serve, and he has offered to give the men
in his department of the service some val
uable Instruction.
launching of Calif ornian.
Cards of invitation have been issued for
the launching of the American and Ha
waiian Steamship Company's new steamer
CaHforniah, now on the ways at the
Union Iron Works. The event la to take
place on the 19th inst. Miss Edith S.
Chesebrough, daughter of the vice presi
dent of the company, has been selected
to christen the vessel.
Jumped Into the Bay.
A young man who gave his name as
Edwin Rogers jumped Into the bay yes
terday afternoon from the Green-street
wharf. A sailor from the revenue cutter
Manning threw the would-be suicide a
rope, but as no attention was paid to the
proffer of assistance the sailor leaped In
to the water and pulled the fellow out.
Rogers was removed to the Harbor Hos
pital, where he was pumped out and re
vived by Dr. Thorn. As he afterward
showed signs of being mentally unbal
anced Dr. Thorn sent him to the Receiv
ing Hospital for examination.
Changes in Skippers.
Several changes were announced yester
day in the commands of vessels now In
port. Captain Woodside was appointed
to the command of the big Iron ship
May Flint, vice Captain Davis. The ship
was recently sold to tne California Ship
ping Company of this city, and that is
given as the reason for the changed Cap
tain Ekren was appointed to command
the bark Ale'xanaer McNear. Caotaln
Fagerlund to the steamer Greenwood and
Captain Freltsch to the schooner Enter
prise.
Water-Front Notes.
The Santa Fe locomotive that* was
dumped Into the bay last week has not
yet been raised, but the divers think that
they have it In such a position that the
work can be completed to-day.
The British ship Antiope, Captain Mur
ray, twenty-nine days from Kihei, Ha
waii, is outside. She beat the bark Cory
phene, which Is now out thlrty-tlve* days
from the same port and has not yet been
reported.
The steamer Alameda was released
from quarantine yesterday and docked at
the Pacific-street wharf. She commence i
discharging at once. The wife of a fire
man was detected in the act of trying to
smuggle two fur capes ashore and they
were taken from her.
The transport Lopan, after taking in a
portion of her outward-bound freight,
will be placed on the Hunters Point dry
dock to-day to undergo a much-needed
cleaning. The horse transport Flintshire
was on the drydock yesterday.
Thieves broke Into a fruit stand near
the north end of the ferry bulldinp early
yesterday morning and almost completely
destroyed the place. Had the electric
lights been burning the burglary would
have been Impossible.
The bark Olympic arrived from New
York yesterday afternoon with a fuil
cargo. She made a remarkably fine run
from New York of 112 days, and would
have been in two days sooner If the
winds had been favorable. The run to the
equator In the Pacific was made in
eighty-three «lays.
Ships Cyrus Wakefield and Iroquois, Partially Dismantled, Trying to Make
Port in Light Weather.
T-a-t-il quelqu* uiva la malson?
Note — As students are apt to find difficulty Is
understanding the use of the word chex (at
home) the above examples will give useful hint*
as to Its u«e. However, let the learner remem
ber that chez means at the house of; bo that
chez moi means at the house of me; chez lui,
at the house of him: chez mon ami. at th<j
house of my friend, etc.
16. I have just received.
Je viens de recevolr; vee-ang duh
reh-seh-vwahr.
17. Have you your passport?
Avez-vous votre passeport? '
13. Where did you get your passport?
Ou vous etes-vous procurft votrs
passeport? proh-kuu-ray.
19. Send by special messenger.
Envoytz par livralson speclale; le«
vray-zong spay-see-ahl.
20. A letter of credit.
Une lettre de credit; oon lettr duh
kray-dee.
21. How much do you give In French
money for a dollar?
Combien dor.nez-vous^en
francals pour^un dollar?
22. I want to change $5, $10. CO and J50
bills.
Je voudrais changer 5, 10, 20 et 50
dollars.
23. Can I cash this check here?
Fuis-Je toucher ce cheque id?
24. What commission do you charge?
Combien faites-vous payer de com
mission?
23. "What references can you give?
Quelies references pouvez-vous don
ner?
Now one or two words about French money:
The French measures of value, dimensions,
weight, etc.. are based on the decimal system.
One franc has 100 centimes. The trrurist -will
often hear about a "bou"; soo; which equals a
cent In this country.
Coins in use:
5 francs equal 1 dollar.
Gold... 10 francs equal 2 dollars. %
20 francs equal 4 dollars.
S francs (or 100 sous) equal 1 dol.
Silver.. 2 francs (or 40 sous) equal 40 eta.
1 franc (or 20 sous) equal 20 eta.
Copper 10 centimes (or 2 sous) equal 2 ct9.
}5 centimes (or 1 sou) equal 1 cent.
fDO francs equal $10.
1 100 francs equal $20.
Paper.. 4 200 francs equal $40.
| SQO francs equal $10).
UCOO francs equal $200.
Note— The most important banks are: CrMlt
Lyonnaise Comptoir d'Eacompte, Socle te Gen
era le.
These banks are represented In every capital
city in Eurooe.
American bills can be rvadlty and oftentimes
profitahly exchanged for French currency. The
exchange rite Is not always the same.
Reading Lesson.
The following is a proper translation of
the last French exercise, etc.:
(1> How many beautiful stores there ar©
in Paris. (2) The Parisian styles are fine.
The Parisian fashions are fine. (3) My
tailor hap taken my measure for a whole
suit. (4) Will you accompany me to makt*
some purchases? (3) Let us go to see the
sights of Paris. (6> How many pairs of
gloves will you bring back to America?
(7) This button hook, is It yours? (S) I
think that these undressed kid gloves are
very fine. (9) What is the number of the
gloves that you have bought? (10) I am
afraid that they are too small by a half
number. (11) Which is the most reason
able price? (12) I have bought some
black, blue, red, yellow and white rib
bons. (13) The duty on feathers, la It
hiph? (») I will buy IS yarda of material
for a costume.
Vocabulary— Encaisser; to cash. Ea
compter; to discount. Dois-je; must I?
Indiquer: direct. Maison de banque seri
euse; rirst clasa banking house, a, nousw
cccuper; to attend. On demande: they
charge. Escompte; discount. Avec plaisir;
¦with pleasure. Tout de suite: right away.
On va; they are goinp. L'ne soirfie dan
sante; a dance. Ce solr; to-night.
Read and translate Into English:
U» J'al un mandat a enca.aser. (2) Quel
escompte dois-je payer? (3) Pouvez-vous
m'lndiquer une maison de banque s«rl
euse? H) Xouswavons-1 nouswoccuper
des^affaires. (5) On demande un^ea
compte de cinq pour cent. (6) Ver.d-onw
lei en groswou en detail. (7) Pouvez-vou3
m'en donner quittance? (3) Allons dana
la salle des ventes publtques. .<9) Voulez
vous blen r4pondre li. ce billet de ma part.
(10) Avec pla'sir monsieur Je le feral touta
de suite. (11) On va donner une soirea
dansante ce soir.
Note — The English translation of this ex
ercise will be given In the following les
son, which will be published next Tues
day.
>y Seymour Eaton.
Note — Thes. lessons have been prepared for
The Call' ¦ Homa Study Circle by Professor
Benno Klrschbaum of Philadelphia. They are
intended primarily for Americans who purpose
attending the Paris Exposition. The lessons
will include (1) common French words and
phrases, (2) easy conversation and (3) simple
reading lessons. '
LESSON 153— DOUZIEME LECON.
"With this lesson we Inaugurate a list of
commercial and social terms and expres
sions which the many travelers of all
classes of society who journey abroad un
der different conditions and for different
purposes will most certainly be pleased to
know.
The receipt: quittance; kee-taunce (the
receipt for money).
The receipt: reception; ray-sep-syon
(the receipt of a letter).
The exchange; le change; shaunzj.
The invoice; la facture; lah fak-tuur.
On credit; a credit; ah kray-dee.
For cash only; argent comptant; ar
zjahn kon-ton.
Receiving teller; receveur; ruh-cev
euur.
Paying teller; payeur: pay-yuur.
A note; une note; oon note.
To indorse a bill; endosser^une note;
on-dos-say oon note.
Wholesale; en gros; on-gros.
Retail; en detail; on day-tie-ye.
On time; ft terme; ah talrm.
The auction place: la salle des ventes
publiques; vaunt puub-leek.
Five per cent discount: cinq pour cent
d'escompte; sank poor song des-cont.
Banking house; maison de banque; may
son duh baunk.
Bank transactions: operations de
banque: o-pay-rah-see-ong.
Shipping; marltimes; mar-ee-teem.
Current price; prix courant; pree-coo
rong.
Price list; llste dea prlx; leest day pree.
Time table; indicateur; ang-dee-ka
tuur.
The balance; la balance: lah bah-launce.
The balance; le solde; sohld.
Note— Bookkeeping terms; but are rruch used.
To sell; vendre; vaun-dr.
To sell out; vendre son fonds; song-fon.
For sale; & vendre; ah-vondr.
Due; echu; ay-shu.
To become due; echoir; ay-ehwar.
To buy; acheter.
Memory Exercises.
1. I am going home.
Je vais chez moi; zjuh vay shay
mwa.
Note— There Is also another way of express-
Ing this phrase: "je vals a la malson ; which
rneana literally: I am going to the house, while
the former means merely: I am going to ?ny
house.
2. Is he at home? : - .¦ V
Est-il chez lui? shay-lwee.
3. Is she at home?
Est-elle chez-elle? shay-zell.
¦ 4. Are you going home?
Allez-vous chez vous? shay-voo.
5. They are not at home (fem.).
Elles ne sont pas chez^ellea:
snay-zell.
6. They remain at home to-day.
Elles restent chezw-elleswadjour
d'hul; zo zjoor-dwee.
2<ote The student will remember that the
last syllable ent in restent Is not pronounced
at all; this Is the case in all French varba in
the third person plural.
7. Are they at home? (masc.)
Sont-^ils chez^eux? shay-zuu.
8. They are not at home.
Us ne sont pas chez^eux; shay
zuu.
9. In which hotel are you? *
A quel~h6tel~etes-vous? ett-voo.
10. Are the ladies at home?
Les dames sont -- elles a. la malson?
lav-dahm-son-tel . •
11. They are not at home.
EHes ne sont pas chez- elles;
12. They have gone out.
Elles sont sorties; — sor-tee.
13. Is Mr. John in?
Monsieur Jean est-11— a la malson?
Zjon
Note— Literally: Mr. John, Is he In the house?
14. No, sir; but Mr. Charles Is In.
Non, monsieur, mals M. Charles-' y
est; sharl-zee-ay.
Note _The abbreviation for monsieur before a
proper name !s M.
15. Is any one at home?
Copyright, 1900,
TWEN1Y LESSONS IN FRENCH CONVERSATION
XHiS »AH JTKAJSUISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 19OO.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
7
AMUSEMENTS.
SEVEN I WAS
CURTAIN THE
CALLS . I AVERAGE
LAST NIGHT AT THE END OF EACH ACT
FOR
AIR. JAMES 1V1BILL
And HIa Splendid Organization 'in Richard
ManaMeM's Greatest Production.
A PARISIAN ROMANCE,
REMEMBER THE SPECIAL THURSDAY
MATINEE.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
RESERVED SEATS-Nlght 26c. Me. 75o
Matinee 25c, 60c
Next Sunday Night— AN' AMERICAN CITIZEN'
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
COMPLIMENTARY TESTIMONIAL
THIS AFTERNOON AT 3:15.
S-A.D.A.,
America's Toungett and Most Brilliant Dra-
matic Violinist.
MISS MAUDE FAY. Soprano.
MISS ADA CLEMENT. Piano.
Reserved Beat* ....... 60c. 75c, $1.00
SHERMAN, CLAYjS CO.'S HALL.
TWO FAREWELL CONCERTS.
WEDNESDAY AFTERNOON May 9th
SATURDAY AFTERNOON May Uth
At 3:15 P. M.
THE WONDERFUL CHILD PIANIST.
PALOMA SCHRAMM...
Assisted by
• ..KARLA...
Her Touneer Sister and Only PuplL
Presenting a Remarkable Prose r ammo. \
RESERVED SEATS 60c. 76c. Jl 00
1 Now on Sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'n Music
Store.
*Ti .VOL I'*
AmlaWiz? Come and See !
TWENTY-SIXTH TIME TO-MGHT
Of tbe Enormous Comic Opera Success,
THE WIZARD
OF THE NILE.
It is Greater than "The Idol's Eye."
Evenlnn at 8. Matinee Saturday at I.
ra£.-25«a. 50 Cents
Telephone — Bush t.
ATUTTSEaiZNTS.
PHONE MAIN K2.
= ljlSt week or =
Ocr Lateet and Greatest Success,
IN GAY NEW YORK.
Full of Catchy Mnsle. Prrtty Songs, Graceful
Dances and New Jokes.
If You Erjoy a Hearty I-aurh. Don't Miss It
= NEXT WEEK =
An Entire Novelty to San Francisco.
"THE I_/*E>Y Sl_«\/e"V."
P"br two year» the rag* of London and New Tork
REAPPEARANCE OF ARTHUR WOOLET.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra, Saturday
l!atlnee. 2S cents.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
COLUMBIAN
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAY.
r-*Bf thm Children to the Saturday Matinee.
A CROWDED HOUSE
APPLAUDED IT LAST NIGHT.
CHAfl. H. TALES Massive, Marvelous. Me-
chanical. Epectacuiar Romance,
thbEVIL EYE
OR THE
MERRT OF NID
MISHAPS KJt MlUlM -,*
weird oc wnn
and th« WOXDERFTL \J T 1>V-JLJ
WANDEIUNGS
Intro«ucln(f AL H. WILSON. ROSAIRE and
ELLIOTT; FANNIE BLOODGOOD;
The Famous PHASET TROUPE.
SPECIAL PRICES-:5c. 35c. We. 75c, ft
BVEBT NIGHT THIS WEEK
MATECES BATCRDAT AND BUNDAT.
THE GREAT
DIAMOND ROBBERY
Aa Presented at
A. M. PALMER'S THEATER. N. T.
PRICES— 15e725c, 35c, 50c.
N«tt We«>k— E. A. 6othem'« Bucc^m.
— "THE MAISTEH OF WOOD BARROW." —
ALL TOF»-r<OTCHERS
n.VAL week; of
FULCORA STARS,
In Connection With
ORPHEUM CELEBRITIES.
MILTON and DOIJJE NOBLES, aeslfted by
MISiri EVA WESTCOTT: MARK SULLIVAN;
F o^^V! J KT?^ N r.f^ F R LLE: BR0TIIER3
Reserved Seat*. 2ic; Balcony. 10e: Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, Me
Matinees Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
FISCHER'S CONCERT HOUSE,
12-121 OFAP.RELL STREET.
LAMRAIini GRAND OPERA QUARTET.
<ireat Double Bill. Prison Scene from
"FAl'ST." Last Act "RIGOLETTO."
10c — AdmlMion — 10c Mat tne* -Sunday.
CONCERT HALL— THE C F.K4PP COMPANY
Corner Gclden Gate avenue and Market street.
CONTINUOUS VACDEVILLK
CONTINUOUS VAUDEVILLE '
EVERY NIGUT. EVERY NIGHT.
ADMISSION FREE
WeeflF Gall $1.09 w Year
For Investment
Not Speculation!
THE OPHIR
OIL COMPANY
For e limited period will offer fcr sale, for development purposes only, a pof
tioa of its treasury stock (par value SI. 00 at
50 CENTS PER SHARE.
Organized under the laws of Arizona, the stock is issued fully paid and
nonassessable. Privzte property not liable for corporate debts.
ITS PROPERTY,
QAA ACRES IN THE HEART
OUU OF THE RICH
COALINGA
DISTRICT
IS CONCEDED TO BE ONE OF THE BEST TRACTS IN THE STATE
THREE AND A HALF MILES FROM COALINGA ar)d railway
cornmunicatlon. It lies In a direct line drawn from OIL
CITY orj trje north to tbe rich BLACK MOUNTAIN and KRE-
YENHAGEN DISTRICTS or) the south.
Lying midway between the clearly defined outcropplngs
of oil sandstone and shale, there are oil seepages and out-
croppings of oil sandstone over the major portion of tbe tract.
The oil-bearing strata here lie but little out of the horl-
rorjtal. Wbeo OIL Is struck it WILL THEREFORE BE FOUND
OF CONSIDERABLE DEPTH and extending over a WIDE AREA.
The operations of tbe company .will be conducted on tbe
same correct business principles which have brought success
and honorable repute to tbe njen who have been selected to
control the company's affairs.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS t
WARREN GILLELEN, President Broadway Bank, Los Angeles.
JOHN W. A. OFF, Cashier State Bank and Trust Company, Los An-
geles.
JOHN MASON-GARDINER. Engineer and General Contractor of
Public Works. Los Angeles and Phoenix.
JOHN MARTIN. President Martin Pipe & Foundry Co. and Manager
Stanley Electric Co., San Francisco.
GEORGE KENT HOOPER, Manager Occidental Hotel. San Fran-
cisco.
NATHANIEL J. MANS ON. Attorney at Law, San Francisco. CaL
Address all communications and make all drafts, money orders or
certified checks payable to the
OPHIR OIL COMPANY, San Francisco, CaL
Represented in San Francisco by J. P. MASSIE, Mills building,
roo:n 14. fifth floor.
In Chicago by G. GIRLING. 269 Dearborn street
LOS ANGELES OFFICE— 402 DOUGLAS BUILDING.
CALL OR SEND FOR PROSPECTUS.
I Irritable and )L ]? WM
| Nervous. |gg
% They lack energy, have head- }J^ Nl)&-.- -&W.^?2~&-t
ft ache, dizziness, costiveness, ten- Jas=— W.-7//. *\rtt:m L _-^^~- '[ ft
Pfl df-ney to faint, sleeplessness and "*KV<?
lij numerous other symptoms. -Nf=— r;. — — S- ¦"Z— m ~™ rr^?**' *•- T^Zi
|B Their life Is a burden— much : = — *" -— =- "*-- ' ¦ — 1»"
vB misery and little health or . """* * - — — i
H happiness. When In this oonrtl- g
I i tlon they contract diseases that ¦ I
I would not afflict them In a healthy state. Although they may ap- f
li pear well, they are sick nevertheless. These distressing symp-
II toms develop chronic diseases which sooner or later cause Intense i
I B sufTr-rine — if not death. MUWflHf* 1 UHJHmi l * 1 WfinwWWr*W I
M Why do women let time pass by and not take proper treat- I
II ment? They try to overcome and forget their troubles, put this |
allows disease to develop, and the result is a lingering sickness—
j0L a miserable condition for any woman to be In. *>
S The Main Ca se is Impure BlbbS;^^!^ 1^ U
IW edy. 7SLECTROZONE removes the cause of disease, enriches the M
B»' corpuscles of the blood, removes all Impurities, , destroys disease |
HI . germs, tones up the system/wards off lassitude and fati&ue inci- J
R" dent to change of seasons and prevents" disease. ELECTROZONE "i
fir Is the king of blood purifiers. , 1
11 HL CTROZON Cures the Most rb^tinate Cases f
If of Rheumatism. Kidney and Bladder Ailments, Stomach Troubles, |
I Female Complaints, Catarrh, Nervousness and all Blood Disorders. .
f k ELECTROZONE Is the most effectual of all remedies. Thou- \
In Bands willingly testify to its curative power. . 1
f { ELECTROZJNE is for Women and Men. ( |
ii At drUfrrisU' Send for pamphlet to I
I I Jl bottle. ELBCTUOZONE MFO. CO., San Francisco.
ATiVKRTTftMH i*. Ni-I'i.Sun, Moon and Tide.
— — *
Unl iS* :St « e «. Coast -and Geodetlo Survey-
Tlraeii and Heights of High and Low
Wa t#r » at^Fort Point.: entfaac. to
Francisco, Bay Published by official au
xTS?5 tT^ f the SuDerintendent.
NOTE-Th. high and low water, eccw at
MONDAY, ilay 7-2 p. m.
UaJ.A!»K. j i* «|. Ar*tC
U S Bond*-— iKnuIt O I- rv» «>t' »
4squarcoup...ll5 118 Mutual'FI'fW ¦*
4s do reg.. 115 U« Mul t ua ' El Co. — 11
4s do cp new.. .134 133 0.0 I, & H... — 4714
3d do coup... ..109^110^ fac Gas Imp.. — ¦• 4$
Miscellaneous— Pae L Co.: — 4;
Cal-Ft Cab 5s..llS\ill9'i S F G & E 47^4 4S .
0 q W^ter CS..107'-, — *an * raacisco. ¦ « n —
Ed L & P 6s..l»Vi — Stkn O & E Co 10 —
f nOi Kyts..lu — Insurance—
Geary-st R 5s. — 92% Firem's Fund. 227 —
H O & S oHs.. — - Uank Storkx-
Vo 5s.. .105 10« Anglo-Cat Ltd. 63 6«%
L A Ky us.. ...lOt 1 .; — Bank oC"Cal...403
Do gntd 6s... — — Cal S D & T..104 —
L A L Co 6s... — — Kirst- National.' — 2S0
; Do gntd us... 99VJ101 f^on P.& A 132V4 —
L A & P R £s.lO24 — Merchants' Ex 15 —
Market-st 6s...l2S*i — Nev Nat Bank — —
Do 1st m 5s.. 117*4 — Savings Banks—
N C N G R 7s. — 114 Ger S * L....1S30 —
N R of Cal 6s.H4»; — Hum S & L... — _
N P of Cal 5s.ll6Vi — Mut Sav Bk.. 45% —
N P C R R «s.ini>? — S F Sav U....505 —
-Do Ds..;......107Jil08 1 ,4 Sav & L Soc. 74 78;
N Cal R R 5s. .113 — Sec Sav Bk... — —
Oak G LA.-H5s.110 — . Union T Co... — —
Oak Trans «s..H5 — Street Railroads—
<>Hk W c*o 5».. — 104VS California 121U —
Oceanic S Co. .1067* — Geary-st 50 —
Om C Ry 6s... 1274 — Market-st Ry.. 62U 63
1 J & Cl Ry 6s.lU4k — O 8 L & H.... — 50
P & O R R 6s.ll5 - Bresldlo If —
Powell-st R 6s.H7 — - Powder Stocks-
Far L & O R5s — — California 160 170
S F & SJV 5s. 118 — Giant Con Co.. 91*4 9iv
f Hy of Cal Ss.lll>i'*— Vigorit ........ Z% 31?
8 P of A 6S....114U115 imsw Htocks—
Do (1905) 109 110 Hana S P Co.. 8« g»:
.. Do' <19O6).....U1V411J Haw C & 8 Co 87 88
Do (1912) 119^120 Honokaa S Co. »2K - -
e^l'*?* Bs '.~ ; — Hutch 3 p Co. 25«» 25^4
1 ?, ™ f 8 -;— 128 % - Kllauea S Co.. 20?, — *
S V. Water 6s..ll5 - ftlakawell S Co «}£ 4S4
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
There was a moderate business 'in local
securities on the morning session, with an ad
vance In Hutchinson to $25 £0 and a decline In
Giant Powder to $91 60.
¦There was nothing new in the afternoon
business being fair.
The oil stocks were featureless, save an Im
provement in Home. Oil to U 35@4 45.
NEW TORK. May 7.— There was considerable
disparity and weakness developed In the metal
markets to-day. Cables were- of an unsatisfac
tory, purport. Lead, 'after a prolonged dull
neaa of isverai months, dropped 2714 polnti to-
New York Metal Market.
¦ NEW YORK, May T.— It . was estimated by
foreign exchange experts to-day that gold ex
ports during the week were likely to be be
tween J3.000.000 and $5,000,000. In other quarters
these are regarded as extravagant figures. In
all' probability,' however, one, or 'more ship
ments of gold will, be , made to London.
Exports of Gold.
NEW YORK, May 7. — The following is the
vIsTble supply of cratn In store and afloat, as
compiled by the New York Produce Exchange;
Wheat. 45.285.000 bushels; decrease. 2.646,000.
Corn. 1S.137.OCO bushels: decrease, 3.7S0.000. Oats
7.038,000 bushels; decrease, 943,000. Itye. 1.143.000
buehels; decrease. 117.000. Barley, 1,195,000
bushel*; increase, 96,000.
Available Grain Supply.
SHEEP— Receipts, : sheep, steady to
strong, 10c higher: good to choice wethers. $5 25
SJ5 60; fair to choice mixed. $» 75!g5 25: Western
sheep $3 4O-H5 6f>: yearlings, $5 50<S>5 90; native
lambs, |» 50$ 7 25; Western lambs. JS37 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 2".tX)0: to-morrow. IS. 000: lert
over. 3500; 5c to 10c lower; top, J"> 45; mixed
and butchers. $5 10®5 40; good to choice heavy,
$5 2505 45; rough heavy. $3 10!&G 20; light. Jiffj
5 30: bulk of sales, $5 20.fi 3 324.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening S S*i 6 8*i
Closing 5S»i 6 SH
PARIS.
Wheat— May. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 19 70 2150
Closing 13 70 2150
Flour— ' :
Opening 25 85 28 05
Ckalng 25 95 28 15
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. May 7.— CATTLE— Receipts. 14,000.
Including 250 Texans. Steers. ,10tfl5c higher;
butcher stock, active. 10c higher; best on sale
to-day, nine carloads, at $.» 60; good to prime
steers. $4 8<yg5 75; poor to medium, $4 30@4 70;
selected feeders, steady to strong. $4 25<?r»;
mixed stockers, S3 fi0»M; cows and heifers, $3 25
155 It: canners. $2 40<&3; bull*. $2 M)Q4 33: calve*.
S4 MiiG 25; Texas fed steers, strong. H<Qi 25;
Tfexaa bulls, firmer. $3 I3©3 75.
LIVERPOOL.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady: creamery. H\i^[l9\ic; dairy.
13>i@16c. Cheese, dull; 9®llHc Eggs, steady;
fresh, US 1114c.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 62@6£<4c; No. 2
red, 69>£c: No. 2 corn, 33@39*4c: No. 2 oats.
!3 a i'524c: No. 2 white. 27c; No. 3 white. 25H>@
26?ie: No. 2 rye, 63%@54c: good feeding barley,
36<&27c: fair to choice malting;. 39@43c; No. 1
tlaxseed, Jl SO: No. 1 Northwestern, $1 SO: prime
timothy seed, $2 40: mess pork, per barrel, S 10 60
£1165: lard, per 100 pounds, J8 50@i> 75: short
libs sides (loose). K 40@6 65: dry salted should
ers (boxed), 6Si@7c: short clear sides (boxed),
$7 05®7 15; whisky, basis of high wines. Jl 25Vi.
Sugaxs— Cut loaf, 6c; granulated, 5.44c. Clover,
contract grade, J7.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Eh«res ¦ Oo«)n«
5cld. Flocks- RIH
4. TTS Atchison 2j
5.722 Atchiron prefd !.'*"St!
3.C00 Baltimore & Ohio «s ?
Canadian Pacific \\[" j it *
100 r-anada Foutheni si
700 Oiefape-ke & Olho »jii
25© <"hiosu;<) <Jreat Western "" jjif
6.4:0 Chlcaro, Burlington & Quincy..".!"l'4Ti
500 Chicago Ind & LoatavWc prefd '.. tiu
Chicago Ind & LonlfrtUc jj
Chicago A I'astersj Illinois .'. lit
?75 f'hicjLgo & Nurtli western ".16m
t.SSS Cbicago Ilo<k iFland tc Pacific 107U
flU C C C & fct Louis eO'i
SQO Colorado Southern ,j>4
t Colorado Southern 1st prefd ..'. tQ
....... Colorado Southern 2d prefd IS
200 Delaware &. Hudson jUti
Delaware Lack & Western J7g'
Denver & Rio Grande prefd 63
220 Denver & Rio Grande l»tz
» Erie 12^
600 Erie let prefd ;.... tS%
425 Great Northern prefd lliM
100 Hocking Coal i«»i
Hocking Valley 3J
J50 Illinois Central : 113«4
410 Iowa Central 17
100 Iowa Central prefd M
fc K C & Pitts & Gulf ;.... 17«4
SOO Lake Erie A Western »«4
I^ake Erie & Western prefd H
» Lake Fhore ; 20«
1.400 Louisville & NashviUe.. S1H
. 1.7E5 MiiTihattan L ........ > ........ M
T'nited Mates new An n.ivanced «j, nn ,j f j,,,
refunding 2s, when t:>Mie<!. ?» and o\l 4s at
clined H In the W.I j.rice.
Railroad bonds showed a yielding tendency
In fcyxr.pathy with stocks. Total saJes nar
value. tl,T3S.»»00. *
NEW TORK. May 7.— There were several
points of Tveakr.ers in the etock market to-day
end th€«» were ru!3cient to turn the room
trfcder* to the bear side of the market. The
cpejations of this professional element were
the only ones apparent outside of a few stocks
end they reflected no conditions or even well
established opinions regarding the general out
look. The demand for stocks continued quite
irjs'.cniflcax.t. so that the moderate offerings
In l&rge part for the ehort account of room
traders made an impression easily upon prices,
but the decline failed to Induce any liquidation
and prices readily rallied when the bears came
to cover. The tteel shares were the most con
eplcuoun in the trading and were weak from
the opening. The reported dosing of a mill
of the Federal Steel Company Induced the early
decline. T.hkh was languid and sluggish. The
announcement of the resignation from the
board of directors of the American Steel and
Wire Company of the Seiigman representative
and their statement of irreconcilable objections
to Mr. Gates and his policy caused a sharp
further break in the steel group, in which
Federal Reel was rather more affected than
Etet.1 and Wire. Pressed Steel Car and Amer
ican Smelting were exceptions in the rroup.
?h* former rising over a point. Long Island
broke charply after Its recent .notable advance
on the absorption by Pennsylvania and c-lcs?d
*'* points lower. The bonds of the company
were also heavy. The reaction was attributed
to speculative profit-taking and occurred on
comparatively small dealings. In the rallrcad
!1« r-t. Paul. Pennsylvania. Union Pacific and
Baltimore and Ohio had rather a wide fall on
what looked like letting go of a ej>e<~ulaUve ac
count. There were heavy blocks offered of all
these. There was a Blight «how of strength in
rpot at the opening, response to London's en
courareraent over South African news, but
.the rise was but momentary. The rally after
the break in the Ft eel stocks r. ai not well
held. General electric advanced nearly S
joints in the morning, but «aved only 1 point
on tbe day. The money market continued very
eary tnd further gold ex]>on8 to Paris are
expecte'i. It Is not believed that any gold
«•'.!! go to London In the present conditions.
Estimates of the amount? to go on Thursday
to Paris run to J.'..ro0.0OA, but no announcements
«-ere raa<Je to-£«y of engagement*. The bear
tracers duriiig the day professed unsaytnet*
over the fc-oia movement a? well as over labor
dirirul-.ies at various poln's. the pendency of
the Prr-Fideritlal can.raiKn and llje reactionary
course of buxsney^ w'.ilrh they argue must
nave its effect on ratlrriad earnings.
New York Stock Market.
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK-Salled May 7— Stair Bovlo. for
Llverrwol.
YOKOHAMA —Arrived May 7— Stmr Mcn
mouthshlr*. from Portland Or.-
ANTWERP— Arrived May 6-Stmr Kenslnj
ton. from New York.
. PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 7-Stmr Staten
dani, from New York, for Boulogne and P.Jt
terdam.
NAPLES-Salled May ' «— Stmr Werra. for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON-Salled May *-Stmr Gros
•er Kurf urst, from Bremen, for N»w York,
VICTORIA— Arrived May S-.Tap stmr Toia
Mam. from Yokohama; Uuss stmr Dalny Voa
tok. frcm Yokohama.
GUAYMAS-Salled May 7-Stmr Grace Dol
lar, for San Francisco.
SYDNEY-Arrlved May 3— Bark Columbia,
from Tacoma.
OYSTER HARBOR— Arrived May 7-Shl?
America, from Santa Rosalia.
LIZARD— Passed May 5— Fr bark Cambror.n".
hence Dec 10. for Falmouth; Br bark East In
dian, hence Dec 23. for Falmouth
FALMOUTH-Arrlved May 5-Br bark Hiu
gomont. hence Jan 4: Ger bark Seestern. from
Oregon: Br ship Ben Deary, from Tacoma: Br
ship lielensbuvgh. hence Dec 21; Br bark Auli
glrth. hence Dec IS.
IQUIQUE— Arrived May 2-Bark Coallr.ja.
from Vancouver.
KINSALE— Passed May 5-Br ship Australia.
hence Dec 13. for Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrtved May 5— Er ship
Montgomeryshire, hence Jan 4; Br bark Prin
cipality, from Oregon.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May 4— Br s«mr Mon
mf«uthshlre > from Oregon: Br stmr Empress f-f
Japan, from Vancouver. May 5— Br itmr Dor
ic, hence April 17.
•Sailed May 4— Br stmr Empress 'of India tot
Vancouver.
FOREIGN PORTS,
COOS BAY— Arrived May 5— Stiar ESnptre.
hencs May 3. May *— Stmr Arcata. henca
May 4. May 7— Schr Western Hom». hen.ee.
April **3
TACOMA— Sailed May 7— Ship Eaally R««l.
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 7— Ship
Jam*s Drummond. from Philadelphia.
Sailed May 7— Haw stmr San Matco. for
Comox.
GREENWOOD— Sailed May 7— Stmr Alcazar,
for Port Los Angeles.
SEATTLE— Sailed May «— Ger stmr Miles,
for Vladivostok; U S stmr Bear, for Car*
Nome; ttmr Orizaba, for Vancouver.
Arrived May 7— Bktn J L Evlston. hence
April 24; stmr Dlriso. from Dyea; stmr Sig
nal, from Willana Harbor.
EITREKA— Arrived May 7— Schr Serena. TU.iy
er. from San Pedro.
IVEKSEN8 LANDING— Sailed May "—Schr
Reliance, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 7— Shla C
P Sargent, hence April 27; bark Gatherer, nenca
April, 20.
Passed up May 7. at 9:30 a m— Stmr Signal.
from Seattle.
Salle«l May «— Ger stmr Mllos. for Vladivo
stok. May 7— U S stmr Bear, for Alaska,
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 7— Stmr yoyo.
henre May <¦
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. May 7. 19 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 8 miles.
DOMKSTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 7— Schr Wm Ren
ton, from Tacpma; barge Santa Paula, henc*
May 3.
PORT MADISON— Arrived May 7— Schr K W
Bartlett. from San Pedro.
ALBION— Arrived May 7— Stmr South Coast,
hence May fi.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 7— Br ship Doveahy
Hall, from Shanghai.
Per ship IroQUoIs— March 13. lat S3 85 S, lm
!>5 W. Br ship Swanhllda, 20 days out frcia
Iqutnue, for New York.
April 9. lat 3 33 N, Ion 114 47 W-Br »hlp Xa
cyra. hence March 21. for Queenstown.
May 6. lat 37 N. Ion 127 29 W— Schr Aznls Zjlt.
sen. from San Pedro, for Tacotaa.
Ship Ludle. Hansen. Seattle.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. BoweBS
Schr Lettltla. Gronberg. Caje- Norn*.
V- : 1-v. SPOKEX.
CLEARED.
Monday, Mat f-
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria; Oregon Rail
road & Navigation Co.
Ital bark Precursore, SchlafSno, Queens
town; Ealfour. Guthrie A Co.
SAILED.
Monday, May t.
Stmr Mackinaw, Uttlefleld. S-attl*.
Ftmr Geo Loomia, Brtdgett. Ventura.
Stmr Bonlta. Gray. San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendoclso.
Stmr National City. Dettmers, Fort Bnn.
Stmr Proxreso. Zollintr. Tacoma.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen, Caspar.
Ship Occidental. Bennett. Seattle.
Sunday. May 8.
Etmr Navarro, Jensen. 77 hours from Eu
reka.
Scbr Mary Etta, Anderson. S days from
Bo-wens Landlnz-
Schr llcnterey. Beck. 67 hours from Coos
Cay.
Monday. Hay 7.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 61 hours from
San Dlesro and way ports.
Ship Iroquols. Thompson, 132 days from Net*
York.
Br ship Antlop«, Murray. 30 day* from Ki
hulul.
Bark Olympic, Glbbs. 112 days from New
York.
Schr Impossible, Low, tl hours from Point
Reyes.
ARRIVED.
Shipping Intelligence.
EASTERN MARKETS. j
Branch Hydrographio Office, IT. S. N.. Sler
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal..
May 7. 1300.
Th* time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. IT. S. V.. tn chatr".
Time Ball.
CHICAGO. May 7.— Considering the bearish
tenor of the foreign news, wheat showed con
siderable independence early, and during the
session this spirit was buoyed up by domestic
news of another sort. Cables were lower,
world's shipments heavy, Russian shipments
increasing l,000,O» bushels for the week, and
there was a email increase on passage. Against
these were the Ohio State report making the
croo condition of that State 41 per cent, an
assertion that the Kansas wheat wa« turning
yellow from too much rain and a decrease in
the visible of 2,647.000 bushels. The ranze or
prices was narrow. A feature was the de
mand for July at 67c. Several times the mar
ket touched that figure, but on each occasion
the demand exceeded the supply and slight
recoveries followed. The May-July spread at
the close was 14c July closed He down.
The corn market was dull and prices were
steady. The close was slightly lower, July
closing 'ic lower at 39',4£39Hc. At the close
the May-July difference was "ic. There was
considerable selling by bull houses.
Oats were easy, influenced by corn, July clos
ing U@Hc down.
Provisions were weak. The hog market was
depressed, and long stuff In scattered amounts
pressed against the market, meeting almost no
support. From the bottom there was a little
recovery on buying by packers, but this was on
a small scale and the end of the session found
the market weak. July pork closed 174c under;
lard lost u^T.^c and ribs closed 10&124C down.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Chicago Grain Market.
DRIED FRUTTS-Prunes. ¦ in Backi, S%o tor
APPLES— 75e<S$2 per box.
STRAWBERRIES— $4@5 per chest for large
and $5CS for small berries. ' Receipts ware 412
chests.
GOOSEBERRIES— 3j<??40c ' per drawer for
common and per lb for English. . . -.
CHERRIES— 50®8Jc per box for red and white
and Jlii'l 40 for black. Receipts were 663 boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50<S3 per
box; Seedlings. $ligl 75; .Lemons, - $1@1 50 for
common and $2172 50 for good, to; choice; Mexi
can Limes, $15x4 50; Bananas, $1 25!J2 50 - per
bunch; Pineapples, $3 50@4 per dozen. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Raspberries from Newcastle sold at $1 50J2
per crate. Two chests from Bouldln Island
sold at $1 per drawer. Gooseberries and Straw
berries were lower.
Prices for Cherries, 'showed little cuange. but
receipts went off less quickly and some stock
was carried over. ,
Three cars of Oranges were auctioned at $2 80
fin for fancy Navels $2 65 for choice Navels.
$1 40@l 80 for standards and 90c®$l 50 for Seed
lings. . ¦ , ¦
Currants from Vacaville sold at 75c per
drawer. Leftover , Currants from Watsonvllle
were hard to move at 50c."
•DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of Butter are Increasing and the
market is easing on*, though there is no decline.
Eggs are also easy, and some dealers are- shad
ing the quotations to sell. Cheese Is steady and
unchanged, with fair supplies.
MUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 1714c; seconds,
ie4<8l7c.
im.ry— Fancy. 164®17c; good to choice. 149
l€r: wirnmon. 14c. -- ¦
CHEESE-JCcw. R©8',ic: Young America, 9®
34c: Eastern. 16<iM7e: Western. I5«J16c per Ib.
KGGS— Quoted at 14i,;«il5c for store and 18
@17c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 15@15Hc
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There were no receipts from the East yes
terday, but some will probably be on the mar
ket to-dav.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, ll®12c for Gob
blers and 13@14g for Hens: Geese, per pair.
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2®2 50; Ducks. $4 50©5 50
for old and $6@7 for young; Hens, $4 5O135 50;
Young Roosters, $6@7; Old Roosters, $4 25®4 60;
Fryers. $5£5 50; Broilers, $404 60 for large and
$203 for small; Pigeons, $1 75®2 per dozen for
old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
Poultry and Game.
The tendency In Onions is downward. Po
tatoes keep steady.
Receipts were 772 boxes Asparagus, 336 boxes
Rhubarb, 464 sacks Peas. , .
POTATOES— Burbanks. 40@75c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks. 60®00c; New Potatoes, $1@1 50
in sacks and $1 25@1 50 In boxes.
ONIONS— New Red. 60c© $1 25 per ctl; Aus
tralian. $«@S per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 40#S3c per box:
AsparaniA. 75cQ$l 25 per box lor No. 2 and
$1 M«il 75 for No. 1 and $232 23 for fancy large;
Green Peas. 75c6fl per sack for common and
$1 25 for Garrfen: rftripg Beans, 4®5c; Wax
Bean*. 6®7p: Horse Beans, Srn&Stfc per sack:
Cabbage, 40gS0c; Tomatoes. $1 25^1 50; Egg
Plant from Los An«celes, 10c; Dried Okra,
32V 2 c per lb; Garlic. SQlOc: Green Peppers from
Los Angeles, 8c; Dried Peppers. 8ftl0c; Car
rots, 25(S35c per sack; Los Angeles Summer
Squash. $1@1 25 per box; Cucumbers, 35c@$l
per dozen.
String Beans are In larger supply and lower.
Other Vegetables remain about the same.
Beans fhow a few chances, both higher and
lower. The market continues flat and neglected.
BEANS— Bayos, $3ff3 20: small White, J3 2o(fp
3 45; large White, $3 10®3 20; Pink. $2 5O©2 90;
Red. $3 26©3 50; Blarkeye, $3 50@4; Butters,
nominal; Lima. $5 20iQr5 30; Pea, $3 40'g'3 50; Red
Kidneys. $4«f4 oft.
SKEDS — ilrown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 4^04^0; Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary.
»V4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. SiglOc; Rape, 2%®3c; Hemp. 46*&c;
Timothy. iQ 44c
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 90«2 25; Green. $1 90
02 2a per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Beans and Seeds.
Old Hay showed more firmness at unchanged
prices. There was no new Hay In. Feedstuffs
remain unchanged.
BRAN- JI2ftl3 per ton.'
MIDDLINGS— $17@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $15®17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; Jobbing,
$27 &0(Sj28: Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corn Meal,
$25; Cracked Corn. $25 50; Mixed Feed. $15 50;
Cottcnt>ee<l Meal, nominal.
HAY— Wheat. $7g9 for common to good; $9 30
for choice and occasionally $10; Wheat and Oat.
$6 S0@9; Oat, $G@S; Barley, $5@7; Alfalfa, $5®
7 60 per ton.
STRAW-25<335c per bale.
FLOUR-Callfornla family extras. $3 60®3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $2 2a®3 per barrel.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount tn the trade: Graham
Flour, J2 75 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Ry«
Meal.' $2 60; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal. $2 50;
Oat Groats. J4 M; Hominy, $3 23®3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. $404 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 25;
Farina. $l£0; Whole Wheat Flour. $3; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6<g7 23; in sacks, $5 75©7; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas. {5; Green Peas, $5 50 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Flour and Millstuffs.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No tales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— There Is very little going on and quo
tations remain unchanged.
White. $1 10'rfl 30; Red, $1®1 20; Gray. $1 07H
@1 15; Black. $1©1 074-
CORN— Kastern lprge yellow, $1 15@1 17'i per
ctl; Eastern white, $1®1 10 per ctl.
RYE— Neglected at 95<5974c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Feed. 75c for No. 1 and 7O072Ms c for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades. 80@85c; Cheva-
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
ICO.rOO ctls, Jl 02; 52.000, $1 O1T».
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 01%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls.
$1 0-2.
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, $1 07%.
BARLEY— The market continues dull and
nominal. .
WHEAT — Both spot and future prices were
weaker.
Chicago was weak on cables, large Russian
shipments and rain in France. There were
more buyers than sellers, however, at the de
cline. The weakness In Corn and Provisions
created more or less distrust. The visible sup
ply of wheat decreased 2,646.000 bushels and of
Corn 2.780.000 bushels.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, S3$ic; milling, 95@
9S»iC
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days... — %i iS%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89ii
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17H
Kino Silver, per ounce — B9Tb
Mexlcau Dollars 4S4 «9
Exchange and Bullion.
Chart eis.
The Ha'cyon load* redwood at Eureka for
Honolulu.
Lumber for Great Britain.
Th« Italian *h'.p Precursore was cleared yes
terday for Cork, with LC.Z.STS feet redwood
lus&er, valued at iZi,ZiJH.
Additional Manifest.
The following additions hare been made to
the Cairo cf the barker.tlne Archer, cleared on
th» <th lust.: 200 bbls lime. 25 bble salmon/ 25
b&m Iron tubing. 36 i>cs pipe. 34 bdls shovels,
Z& pea chain, etc.. valued at I10.42S.
Cargo for the Orient.
Tee xaJue of the cargo of the Norwegian
rteamer Thyra, which sailed on Punday for
the Orient, via Portland and AEtorla, was
J1S.707. Arams the cargo were 183 bales cot
ton. 100 punnies flour. 2113 Fka shrimp ehells,
etc.
Cargo for Victoria.
The steamer Wa:!a Walla, for Victoria and
Pu*et Sound port*. carried a merchandise
cargo valued at $14,266. Including the follow
ing: SSS pkgs vegetables, 335 eks malt. 190
bu raisins. 2u6 pigs lead. 6 pkgs machinery.
2 pks» estlne flttinps. 112.510 lbs niter, 60 cs
canned eutar, K'9 pkes fresh fruit. 4 horsee,
etc
Weather Report.
O»th Meriflian-Pacifio Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 7-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls tc
tfate. as comr>ared ».-Jth those of sanie date
lart eeason. and rainfalls in the last tw«?nty-
Jour hours:
L*«t This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.M 4S.25 33.25
Red Bluff O.W) 22.29 20.0S
&a?ramento n.<u» la.s* 14.91
Fan Krar.clyco ».«• l«.2O l«.00
Fresno <>.<v> k.50 7.U»
In4epender.ee 0M S.<55 1.2t>
8an Luis ObiFpo «.C») 1«.82 16.41
Lo«< AnpHes o.oo 7.4S S.fll
San Dlejo 0.<v> 1.12 4.94
Yurr.a o.n-y 1.59 1.34
Pan FVanclscn d»ta: Maximum temperature.
K>: minimum. 52: mean. SS.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen slowly over the coun
try west of the Rorky Mountains. A depres
sion of moderate depth overlies Oregon and
¦wi;i tirobahly cause unsettled weather to-night
am} Tuesday over the greater portion of North
em California.
The temperature has erUen about 10 degrees
over Nevada. Arizona and Utah.
Rain has fallen in Oregon and Washlnptjo.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
fcrurs ending midnight May S:
Northern California— Felr Tuesday, except
c'.nudy unsettled weather and probably show
ers in extreme northern portion; light south
erly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; light wes
terly winds.
Nevada— Cloufiy In northern portion Tuesday ;
fair In pouthem ivortion.
I'tah— Cloudy Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
Sen Franclsm aiH vicinity— Cloudy Tuesfii_y
morning, fair durin? the day; light southerly
winds changing to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. McADIB.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK, May 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's; London financial cablegram' says:
There was rather more activity In the markets
here, mainly In Africans. .The markets opened
better on Lord Roberts' ¦ victories. ' but dosed
Irregular, funds declining for fear of dear money,
it was 8«ja. but probably In connection with
forced liquidation. Tt« war Joan wu Quoted
London Market.
WASHINGTON. May ,7.— To-day's statement
cf the treasury balance,' exclusive of the $150,
000.000 gold ".reserve. :• shows: Available cash
balance, $146.045,632;. (old. $77,337,154.
Condition of ' tlie Treasury.
NEW YORK. May 5. -Money on call steady
st IQ2*i .per. <ent;/ last loan. 2^4 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper.' 3ft 4 4 per cent. Sterl
ing «-xchanKe easier, with actual bualness in
bankrrs* bills at $4 SSHtf* SS'i for demand and
s.t J4 $4"4SM $4*4 for sixty dajs; posted rates.
$4 $i*i4 $54 and $4 S9®4 S9't; commercial bills.
$4 S345I4 $44. Silver certificates. 60gC04c Bar
silver. t»Tfce. Mexican dollars. 474c. Bonds—
Government, irregular;. State, Inactive; rall
ruad, irregular.' • '
Ncic YorkMnncy Market.
Money— • . |Unlon Pacific 65H
Call loans 301 Union Land 2
Time loans 405 Wisconsin Central. 165$
stocks—' . " Bonds —
A T A S F 25 AtchlBon <s 100
ATA 8 F prefd.. 69<s«IX E Gas fc CoJte 6s 67
American Sugar ..112% Mining shares-
Am Puirar prefd... Ill (Adventure •.. 4&;
Bell Telephone SK i.Mloucz Mining: Co. 1U
listen & Albany. .UlV t Amalc Copper ST^
Iloston Kl«vated...HJ^4'Atlant!r Cjij
Boston A Maine.. -1M |DQ*ton & Montana. 2S9
C n & Q '. 124T4jButte A Boston CS
Dominion Coal 43 <"alumet & Hecla..7?.3
Dom I'oai prefd H" |(>nlenulal 17>;
Federal Ste«i SS^iiFranklln 131^
Federal Steel prefil *? JHumboldt 45
General Klectrlc...lS7H|OBceola 65
On Klectrlc prerd.lSS iParrot 41-
K<3 Klec 111 31S |<»ultvy 137Vj
Mexican Central... JJ'i Bantu. Fe Copper... 5
N E Gae & Coke... 18 .Utah Mining ZS
Old Colony K5S [Wolverines 3Sij
Old Iwmlnlon 1* ! :
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
MINING STOCKS.
ChnHar lS'Ontarlo 7 73
Crown Point C9 Ophir 50
Con Cal & Va 1 40 Plymouth 12
D^sdwood 65 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry.... 10 Quicksilver prefd.. 7 50
Hale A Norcroes... 30;Slerra Nevada 32
Home«take 90 cPjfitandard 4 no
Iron Silver 69 j Union Con 15
Mexican 24| Yellow Jacket 15
' 2.330 Metropolitan Pt Ry 152**
Mexican Central -. 13'i
633 Minneapolis & St Louis 63
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 97
12.1S5 Mlf'.u.-i Pacific 5<i£
....:.. Mobile & Ohio 43
150 Missouri Kansas & Texas Il<4
2JO Missouri Kar.eae & Texas prefd.... 34
4P<"> New Jer*»y Central 119
1,709 New York Central 123H
2.3C5 Norfolk & Western 36»*
115 Norfolk & Western prefd 79
2.600 Northern Pacific 67«i
SIS Northern Pacific, prefd 7j*»
1.000 Ontario &. Western 22
Oregun Railway & Navigation 42
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
8.S&9 Pennsylvania 132*4
200 Reading ! 18
2.700 Reading 1st prefd S7*i
450 Reading Id prefd 30
Rio Grande Western 00
Rio Grande Western prefd M14
200 Pt Louis & San Francisco: 10'i
St Louis & S F 1ft prefd 6<»
200 St Louis & S F 2d prefd 34H
ft Louis .Southwestern ll'a
1.4J0 St Louis Southwestern prefd 2S l t
6.7K0 St Paul U7*j
135 St Paul prefd 1"2
St Paul & Omaha 112
4,640 Southern Pacific 35T4
1,100 Southern Railway 13 l i
6:0 Southern Railway prefd i>«Vi
UK) Texas & Paelilc WH ,
20.210 l.'nlon Pacific '~>S
SM Union Pacific prefd "•**?
10O Wabash * l i. ]
S00 Wabash prefd 22' i 1
L1SQ Wheeling IL/^ke Erie »Ti
1.C10 Wheeling Erie prefd 21%
Wisconsin Central l» l «
Express Companies—
Adams 1M
American !•*'
« t'nlted States «<
Wells, Fargo & Co's 123
Miscellaneous—
E20 American Cotton Oil 34 •
120 American Cotton Oil rrefd 9«>
925 American Malting 4
S(K) American Maltinc prefd 23
2.10G American Smelting & Refining 37S
1.0M Am Smelting & Helming prefd SK'j ]
American Spirits 2a
American Spirits prefd 11
700 American Steel Hoop 24 J i
American Steel Hoop prefd 724
17.975 American Pteel & Wire 3T*,
7,56u American & Wire prefd 46'i
American Tin Plate 2<i
l<>0 American Tin Plate prefd «... I*-'
1.134 American Tobacco 112*i
American Tobacco prefd 130
910 Anaconda Mining Co 44 J i
5/*« Brooklyn Rapid Transit 724 I
Llin Colorado Fuel & Iron 33*i
SO Continental Tobacco 30
115 «-ontln«ntal Tobacco prefd Ro»i
2O.7S0 Federal Steel 2S«i |
2.3*'> Federal Steel prefd 67»i
1,285 General Electric 13S
307 Glucore Sugar 49*i
Glucose Sugar prefd PS
I.Zm International Paper 23;4
1,000 International Paper prefd 63
Laclede Gas 63
310 National Biscuit 31
1^0 National Biscuit rrefd 83
320 Natlonel Lead 2Ui
National Lead prefd 102%
2.100 National Steel 30
S25 National Steel prefd f^U
2O New York Airbrake ..125
KK> North American 14«4
Paclflc Coa« 4S
Pacific Coast 1st nrefd 83
Pacific Coast 2«J prefd 58
225 Pacific Mall 32'4
2.750 People's Gas 102H
1.210 Pretsed Steel Car «Vi
Pressed Steel Car prefd. ex-dix.' T9
Pullman Palace Cur 1S3
Standard Rc?e & Twine 6>;
S3.S02 Sugar 112* 4
Sugar prefd 113
2,475 Tennessee Coal & Iron 79Vj
22.390 rnltefl States Leather 12*i
1'nited States Leather prefd 704
United States Rubber 294 '
United States Rubber prefd 924
4.013 Western Union IV^
1.145 Republic Iron & Steel i<5
710 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 1&K
P C C & St Louis 53
2S0.a00 Shares sold.
CLOSING . BONDS.
U S 2s refunding. jM'K & T 2ds 63H
when Issued 103 (M K fc T 4s 9J*»
U S 2s reg ??U{N Y Cent lsts 1107*
V S 3s reg lOSU'N J Cent *en 5*. .1224
U S 3s coup 10SUIN Carolina 6s 127
IT S new 4s reg 134%» N Carolina 4s 10S
V S new 4s coup..l34*»lN Paclflc 3s 67H
U S old 4s reg 114*4 jN Pacific 4s 104
U S old 4s coup...U4H'N Y C & S L 4s. 106';
U S £s rer 1UH|N & W con 4* 974
U S £s coup 1124JN A W gen 6s 132
Dis of Col 3.61s 121 ,Or Nav lets 109
Atchlson gen 4s... .1004 Or Nav 4a 103<4
Atchlson adj 4s... *Z\ ,Or Short Line 6S..12S4
Canada So 2d* 107* t IOr S L con 5s 1144
Ches & Ohio 4»4s.. 95 Reading Gen 4s.... 8SV»
Ches & Ohio is. ..117 ROW lsts 994
C & NW con 7s...l41',t S L & I M con 6s.. 110
C & NWSFdeb 5s.ll9 j L & S F gen 6s.l24'i
Chgo Terminal 4s. 96 St Paul cone 1724
D & n G lsts 1644 d p.c & P lsts. ..120
I> & R G 4e M'i S P C & P 5s 121
E T Va&Ga Ists..ie2% So Railway £s 113
Erie General 4s... 73 Stand R & T 6s... 70
F W & J) C l«ts.. 70»<; Term new sel 3s... 95H
Gen Elec S* 120 ITexas & Pac l«t..H4\
G II & S A 6s 1104 Tex A Pac 2ds.... 674
G 11 & S A 2d?...10« Union Pacific 4g.. .1044
II & T C 5s 1114 Wahaxh lsts lir.'i
II & T C con 6s. ..110 Wabach 2ds 1034
Iowa Cent l5ts — III West Shore 4s 1124
X C P & G lsts... 71 WIs Cent Uts 91
La new cons 4e W Va Centuries Sl'J
L & N Un! 4s 100 Va Deferred 5'
Bo Pac is..... R3«4 f~ . t-_ s 4s S4
! WHEAT— Receipts, 319.S00 bushels; exports.
107.670; spot steady; No. 2. 77Vic, elevator; No.
1 Northern Duluth. 75?ic f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive: No. 1 hard Duluth, 77?ic f. o. b. afloat.
Options were dull and generally weak all day,
influenced by favorable weather In the North
weft, small seaboard clearances, bearish cables
and selling for Northwest account: closed
weak, ftf^e net decline; May. 72?i@72 11-16C,
i-losed at 72«Jc; July, 72%tf73 l-16c, closed at
72T»c.
HOPS— Quiet.
WOOL— Dull.
HIDES— Steady.
COFFEE-Futures closed dull at net un
changed prices to 6 points net decline; total
sales, 3750 bags. Including May, $6 66; August,
IS 70; September. $6 $0 and December. $7 10.
1 Spot— Rio, flrm: No. 7 Invoice. 7Hc; mild, quiet;
Cordova, 9^i®13V4c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; reflned, quiet.
PETROLEUM— Refined petroleum made a
decline of 15 points to 8.90c per gallon In bar
rels and 6.G5c In bulk in the local market to
day.
BUTTER— Receipts, 86SS packages; steady:
Western creamery, 16® 20c; factory, 13@.15c.
EGGS— Receipts, 10.SS7 packages; flrm; stor
age Western at mark,. 13Vi@Hc; regular pack
ing at mark, 12@l3Uc
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was gen
erally firm, with a good business doing. The
better feeling was due largely to export de
mand and the favorable advices from the coun
try. Prices at the clcse. however, were un
changed from the previous day's closing. Cal
ifornia dried fruits were Inactive and nominal.
STATE EVAPORATED APPLES-Common,
440'5c; prime, 6?;@6c; choice, 6\@7c; fancy, I
714ii8c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED PRUNES— 3V4@7c per
"""APRICOTS— Royal. 13315c; Moorpark, 15018c.
PEACHES— Peeled. lS@22c; unpeeled. 7&@Sc.
NEW YORK. May 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, 23,
304 barrels; exports. 23.335. There was a fair
demand for Kansas straits and clears In sacks,
but general dullness otherwise, especially In
spring patent*.
LONDON. May 7.— Canadian Pacific. 97^:
Atchison. 27; Northern Pacific preferred. TiM;
Grand Trunk, 7%: Union Pacific preferred, 76%:
Anaconda, ihi; bar silver, 27Hd; money. 3it^
S?i' per cent.
#- jf
CLOSINO.
at 1 6-16 permium, closing at 1 1-16. Americans
were neglected, but firm over parity until New
York sold slightly. London sold Tlntos. but
Paris cheerfully supported them and they closed
\ ;up. Anacondas were steady. The bank
bought JEU4 000 gold In German coin. Loans
were In less demand and bills were scarce.
The bank did no business in discounts and was
repaid moderately. The Board of Trade returns
show exDorts up 16.3 and imports increase S.2.
although there was considerably less Ameri
can wheat.
Butter and Eggs easy, but no lower. . Cheese firm.
Poultry market bare at the moment.
Fresh Fruits in good demand. Dried Fruits stagnant.
Provisions weak and very dull.
Hogs slightly lozver under increased arrivals and a slack demand.
Wool, Hides and Hops as previously quoted.
Coffee in poor demand and not materially changed.
SUMMARY.. OF THE MARKETS.
'¦' ' ' ' ." ' '
New York Exchange advanced:' Silver a fraction off.
Wheat zveaker. Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Old Hay stows more tone. Feedstuff s unchanged. ;
Beans show a few narfoiv changes. Seeds nominal.
Potatoes and Onions about as before.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the ti<i?s
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of tin
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Tn»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tl'ia
and the last or right hand cctumn gives t^*
last tide of the day. except when there ars b'Jt
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The height*
Kiven are In addition to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slsn (— ) precedes the heizb:.
and then the number given Is subtracted fro:n
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low wat»r>.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
TUESDAY. MAY S.
Thomas J. Slmmonds (owner) with Thoma«
F. Mitchell (contractor), architects R^au
& Son— All work for a one story and base
ment frame building on lot on W line of
716 N ° f T -^— ondf
Mrs. E. B. Marshall (owner) with Bletch*
* Lansing • (contractors), architect —All
work for a six room frame house on lot on
E line of Leayenworth street, between Bay and
Francisco, 2504 Leavenworth; $1600.
Builders' Contracts
Damas Massonabe (by J. B. Lanktree. com
missioner) to Leonard Haas, all Interest In lot
on NW comer of Mllvla street and Berkeley
way. N 145 by W 43. being lot 12 and portion
of lot 1. block 3. on map of survey No. 1349
made for L. G. Clapp. and a portion of plat
79. Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley; $SS4
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Hermann
F. and Josephine Thlele. lot on S line of Vir
ginia street. 114.20 W of West. W 36 by S 133.60
being lot 13. block 1L Curtis Tract, Berkeley; $3.'
John J. Ormsby to Emma A. Terry, lot on
R line of Butterworth street, 2c0 W of Calais
W 23 by S 135. being lot 13. block 31. on map
nf resubdlvlslon of Matthews Tract. Berkeley;
$60.
Aggie E. Corbln (wife of William) to Bertha
L. Lutherford. lot on E IIn» of College street
137:7 S of Florlo. S3 129:5. E 359:5. N 120 W
310:11. to beginning, lot 10, Map of White Tract
Berkeley: $10.
H. B. and Susl* L. Beldon to Joseph P
Kelly, lot on W line of Campbell street. 135
S of Lincoln. S 23 by W 115. being lot 15. block
711. Oakland: $10.
Samuel Springer to Nettie Springer, lot on
S line of Third street. 124 E of Grove, E 28 by
S 100. beln< lot 11 and E 1 foot lot 10. block
32. Oakland: gift.
Emily K. Latham to E. A. Heron, three acres
beginning at a stake In SE line of Webster
street, distant SW 275.99 from the Intersection
of Webster street and line dividing plats 14
and 19. Rancho V. and D. Peralta. thence SE
917.40. SW 142.45. NW 917.40. NE 142.45 to be
ginning, being a portion of plat 13. Rancho V
and D. Peralta. Oakland; $10.
Max and Emmy Marcuse to Robert M. Welch,
lot on E line of Myrtle street. 63:9 S of West
Twelfth. S 70 by E 123. . block 6«S. subject to
deed of trust to San Francisco Savings Union
for $5500. Oakland: $10.
Sarah Jane Bailey <wlfe of C. M.) to Julia
A. Winden (wtdow). lot on SE line of Fifth
avenue. 100 NE of East Eighth etreet. NE SO
by SE 140. block 3. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
Joseph S. Wood to Llllle N. Wood, lot on SW
corner of Central avenue and Lafayette street.
W 75 by S 150. being lot 1 and portion of lot
2, block 2, map of Bartlett SO-Acre Tract, Ala
meda; Clft.
John Jr. and Sarah J. Hill to H. B. Belden.
lot on W line of Campbell street. 110 S of Lin
coln. S 50 by W 115. being lot 15 and portion
of lot 16. block 711. Oakland: $10.
Mary and Albert Olander to O. S. and EX O.
Dean, lot on N line of Wallace avenue. 140 W
of West street, W 25 by N 140, being lot 7.
block A; Henry subdivision of Whltcher. Brock
hurst and Roland tract?, Oakland: $10.
Charlea G. and Etta D. Yale to J. T. and
Mary L. Callender, lot on SE corner of Jack
son and Third streets, S 100 by E 70. being the
W 70 feet of lots 5 to 8. block 13. Oakland: $10.
Alameda County.
Louts Monaco to Llberata Monaco, re-record
1734 D. 195, lot on SE corner of Sixteenth and
Dolores streets. E 63. S 59:9. E 7. S 25:lVa. W
75. N 84:10}»: Ki«.
C. M. Judd (by H. II. Covert, commissioner)
to Commercial Building and Loan Association,
lot on S line of Cumberland street. 205 W of
Church. W 50 by S 114; $1400.
William F. and Mary A. Lapidge to Lorenzo
O. Adams, lot on NE corner of Nineteenth and
Lapldge streets. E 30 by X 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Elllda
J. Middleton. lot on S line of Seventeenth
street. 49 E of Shotwell. B 24 by S 100; >— «.
Mary L. Veach to Julius C. Toudy. lot on E
line of First avenue. 52:1 IS X of Sacramento.
N 25:1%, E 107:3H. S 25. W 109:10^»; $10.
John A. Beverldge to Florence I. Beverldge.
lot on S line of Washington street. 137:6 £ of
Laurel. E 67:« by S 127:SH: gift.
Morris and Augusta Hyman to William Keith,
lot commencing 110 W of Lyon street and U'2:s' t
N of Washington, W 27:6 by N 55; $10.
Susan C. Terry to John Swain. lot on N line
of California street. 51:3 W of Baker. W 25 by
N 90:2U: $10.
Cornelia S. Campbell to Uustav HarshaJl. lot
on N line of Pacific avenue, 43 W of Broderlck
street. W 27:6 by N 127:SU: $10.
Ora and Nellie R. Street to J. A. Cooper, all
Interest in the estates of J. D. B rower. Mary
M. Browfr and Abraham L. Brower and prop
erty outside of county; $10.
Same to Annie A. Bunyan, lot on S corner of
Powell avenue and Mission street. SW 25 by E
83:6, subdivision 9. Preclta Valley lot K4, etc.,
and agreement as In above: gift.
Annie Kieman to Sarah C. Graham, lot com
mencing 25 SW of corner of Powell avenue and
Mission street. SW 25. B 83:6. N 25. K 83:6.
subdivision 10. Prectta Valley lota 354. etc.. and
agreements as to rents from above and house
In rear of subdivisions 9 and 10; ctft.
Catherine Thelller (Mangue). wife of Xaver.
to Norbert C. Babin, lots 1055 and 1057, cilt
map 2; $450.
Mrs. K. O. Burns and Helen G. Burns to
Charles B. Weaves, lot 6S0, gift map 3; $10.
Bld.Ask. 1 Bid.Ask.
Alpha — 04!Justlc« 02 03
Alta 03 ColKentuck — 02
Andes 07 08 Lady Washgton — 05
Belcher 11 12!Mexican 24 25
Best & Belcher. 30 31 Occidental 12 13
Bullion — 03 Ophlr 50 51
Calettonla 1 25 1 30 Overman 20 21
Chollar 21 22 Potosl 20 21
Challenge Con.. 14 16 Savage 14 15
Confidence 80 SSlScorpton — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 50 1 5o|Seg Belcher 02 03
Con Imperial... — OliSierra Nevada.. 32 33
Con New York. — 04 Silver Hill 14 15
Crown Point.... 10 11 St Louis — 12
Eureka Con.... — -50 Standard 4 00 4 40
Kxchequer 01 03 Syndicate 0* —
Gould & Curry- 17 18|Unlon Con 20 21
Hale & Norc... 31 32;Utah OS 09
Julia — 03|Ye!low Jacket.. IS 13
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONDAT, May 7—4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Do 4s — 103M Onotnea S Co.. 27% 23%
S V W (3d m>.102 — Paauhau S Co. 31b —
tetnpktn Gas «s 9» — mi^cc-itaiieous—
Water Stocks— Al Pack Asn..ll7*m%
Contra Costa.. 6«K «7U Cal Fruit Asn. — 108
Marln County.. 5") — Mer Ex Ass-n.. — lm»
Spring? Valley. 83 JSVi Oceanic S Co.. 92*4 9*
Uaa & Electric— PacA'FA.... 7 —
Cent G L Co.. — — Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Cent L & P 3^ — Par Paint Co.. 10 —
Morning Session.
25 Equitable Gas ....; 2 S7*4
25 Equitable Gas 3 73
75 Giant Powder Con 92 00
30 Giant Powder Con 9173
20 Giant Powder Con &1 50
10O Honokaa 32 SO
210 Hutchinson S P Co 23 50
53 KtUuea Sugar Plantation Co 4" *~\i
15 Makaweli. cash 43 37Vj
25 Makaweli 4S 37Va
155 Paauhau S P Co 31 50
100 Vigorlt : 3 50
Street—
- 200 Hutchinson S P Co 23 00
Afternoon Session.
Board— --'*-.; •;».; ",">'¦
5 Equitable Gas * 0*
35 Giant Powder Con 92 00
100 Giant Powder Con 91 75
30 Giant Powder Con 91 62*4
80 Giant Powder Con 91 50
50 Hawaiian Com & Sugar •••"" S?
$1000 Haw C & S Co.. 6 per cent Bonds. .10» 25
15 Honokaa S Co " 50
60 Kllauea Sugar P Co 21 pa
60 Makaweli Jj J*
5 Paauhau S P Co « »0
25 3 F Gas & Electric Co 47 2S
40 8 V Water 3a 1-%
Street—
100 Honokaa S Co " ?"
10O Paauhau S P Co 31 50
$4000 S P of Arizona i" «»0
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
150 Homa Oil • ? »
Street—
(0 Home Oil * «
Afternoon Session.
150 Home Oil • 4 49
Street—
100 Caribou »3
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
.Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Belcher 12 430 Ophlr 51
300 Best & Belcher. 31 200 Po tost 71
100 Chollar 21 400 Savage 11
105 Con Cal & Va..l 53 200 Sierra Nevada.. 24
60 Confidence S'.l 400 Sierra Nevada.. 35
100 Crown Point... 12' 100 Silver H1U 17
200 Crown Point... 11 110 Standard 4 00
600 Occidental 10 200 Utah OS
SOO Ophlr £2'
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belcher. 30 50 Occidental 10
150 Caledonia 1 25 400 Ophlr 4«
100 Chollar 19 300 Ophlr 10
600 Chollar ........ 20 100 Potosl 20
100 Con Cal sj Va..l M 200 Savage 14
20 Con Cal & Va.I ." 50 Sierra. Nevada.. 22
M0 Gould A Curry. 17 500 Silver Hill 13
100 Occidental 11 2C0 Union Con 20
Following were the sales In the PadSc Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 31 SCO Opnlr I.... 10
200 Best i-3elclwr. 31. 400 Silver Hill 18
300 C C & Va 1 ii'i 100 Standatd 4 CO
2U0 Mexican 25 50 Standinl 4 C3
200 Occidental 101 300 Standard 4 23
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 12 900 Justice 02
300 Best & Belcher. 30 400 Occidental 11
£00 Bullion 02 200 Ophlr 49
300 Chollar 21 400 Potosl 20
600 Con Cal & Va..l 50 1U0 Savaga 15
40U Gould & Curry. IS 100 Savage 14
200 Gould & Curry. 17
FOR MONDAT. MAT 7. 1900.
Flour, qr sks 11.790jWine. gallons 15.800
Wheat, ctls.. 4,380 Brandy, gallons... 6 900
Barley, ctls 7,170 Pelts, bdls '447
Oats, ctls 44|} Hides. No 456
Corn, ctls 273 Powder, kegs 50
Cheese, ctls S3 Mustard, sks 604
Butter, ctls 514 Middlings, ska .... 3«5
Tallow, ctls ' 3uS Straw, tons ..;.... 28
Trainer, rolls £x Hay, tons SSO
Quicksilver, flasks 93 Bran, sks 970
Eggs* dozen ...;.. 23,940 Onions, sks V,%
Lime, bbls 182 Potatoes, eks ..... 1,128
Sugar, bbls [ 107 Wool, bags 143
Sugar, sks 1.400
*— ~ *
Receipts of Produce.
Guatemala and Mexican— 13H@17}Jc fr,r prime
to fancy washed; ll?i@13c for strictly good
washed; 10H@HV4c for good waahed: 9®10',;c
for fair washed: 7*i*rS?ic for medium: 6©7' / 4c
for Inferior to ordinary; 12V" Sc for good to
prime washed peaberry; 10®llc nominal for
Rood to prime unwashed peabsrry; 9<33*ic nomi
nal for good to superior unwashed.
Nicaragua— 13@16c for prime to fancy washed;
9«4iQ-l2',4c for fair to strictly good washed: 8 s i
ftiHle nominal for good lo superior unwashed:
10@10Hc nominal for good to prime unwashea
peaberry.
Salvador— 10%®13c for good to prime Trashed;
9tt©10'.4c for fair washed: 12@13Hc for good to
prime washed peaberry: $»H@10Hc for good to
prime semi-washed: 9Vfc l fT10 I ,i6 for superior un
washed;. — @9 1 *c for good green unwashed;
lOHfirllc for good to/superior unwashed pea
berry: 6@79ic nominal for common to ordinary.
We quote: Costa Rica— 14®15>4c for prime
washed; 12@12',ic for good washed; 13fil4He for
good to prime washed peaberry lHi@12^c for
good to prime peaberry; lift 13! ' 2 c for good to
prime; 9@10^jc for good current mixed with,
black beans: 9@10*4e for fair; 6\iQP,i<s nominal
for common to ordinary.
"Stock of Central America In first hands con
sist of 12,763 bags Costa Rica, 210 Nicaragua,
15.233 Salvador, 34.935 Guatemala and 2751 Mexi
can; in all C5.914 bass, aa against 26,944 bags
same time last year."
"Brazil grades In New Tork showed soma
Improvement about the middle of April, but
have since lost about all that was gained, clo»
ing quiet and steady. The decrease In th«
world"* visible supply during April Is placed
at 7S.00O bags.
"The fluctuations of the past thirty days
have been narrow everywhere, with trade con
ditions dull and uninteresting in all markets,
especially so with relation to Mild Coffees.
Here the demand has been of hand-to-mouth
character, with occasional days of good busi
ness, either under buying orders or forced of
ferings by holders. Such modifications as aro
to be noted in our quotations follow the sales
made in the latter way, but point to no par
ticular change in the general situation. An
exception to this can be made In favor of un
washed Salvadors. which have hardened a little
under conditions purely local, perhaps pros
pective rather than Immediate, but at the same
time in no wise unwarranted by the position
of this particular \arlety here and in foreign
COFFKE-C. E. Bickford's circular gives the
receipts thun far this year at 108.022 bags,
against 89.032 bass for the same time last year.
The sales from first hands were 52,795 bags,
against 60,311. The stock In first hands May
1 was 62.934 bags, against 30,096. The world's
visible supply May 1 was 6.144,595 bags, against
6.341.194. The circular says:
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Reflnln* Com
pany cuoteg. per lb In 100-lb bags: Cubes, A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.60c; Powdered.
5.60c: Candy Granulated. 5.20c: Dry Granu
lated. 6.10c; Confectioners' A. 6.10c: Magnolia
A, 4.70c; Extra «J. 4.60c: Golden C. 4.50c; bar
rels. 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c
more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taksn
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom
inoes, half-barrels, 6.85c; boxes, 6.10c per lb.
COAL— Welllnrtcn, $8 per ton: new Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6 60; Bryant. $6 50; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend. $S;
Co-operative Wallsend, SS; Cumberland. $12 in
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthra
cite Ecs. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $12
per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks; Castle- Gate
and Rock Sprints. $S 43 per 2000 lba.
BAGS — San Quentin Bags. Si 65: Calcutta
Grain Bags. 6iic; Wool Bags, 2SH332 1 Sc;
Fleece Twine, 7%c.
General Merchandise.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%©6c for small and
medium and V,i'§i%c for large; stock Hogs and
feeders; 5Wtf5Vic; dressed Hogs. 7«S%c
Hogs are lower. Receipts have been rather
larger of late and the demand is slack, as the
butchers are taking: as few as possible. Other
meats remain unchanged.
BEEF— tissue per lb tor fair to cholca.
VEAL-6*4@*c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7 t / 4c; ewes. 6^4S7o per
lb.
LAMB — Spring. S®9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands »ell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers.
IO&IO^c; medium, 9@3»£c: light, 9®9»^c; Cow
hides, *9(§9V2c: Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 10c; Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, ISc: culls and brands,
15c; Dry Kip and Veal. 16@17c; Dry Calf, 19Q»
20c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®30o each; short
Wool SoiifiOc each; medium. 70®90c; long
wool,' $1@1 50 each; Horse Hides, $2@2 50 ror
large and $1 25@1 75 for small; Colts. 25#50c.
Deer Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or
medium skins, 33c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Coat Skins— Prime Angoras, (5c; largo and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c. >
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, BtQUKc per lb; No.
2. 4W4Hc; reflned. 6Hc; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip is quotable as follows:
Nortn»rn free K@18c; Northern defective, 13®
16c- Middle County, free. l5@17c; Middle County,
defective 13@15c: Southern Mountain. 13
months'. 12@13c; do, free. 7 months', 12@14c; do
defective. 7 months', 10@12c; Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 20®23c; Nevada, 16@18c per lb.
HOPS— fi®9c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, lie per lb for heavy.
lie for light medium, 12c for -light, 13c for ex
tra light and 14Vic for sugar cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Ham;, lSHSjHc; Mess' Beef.- $12 per
bbl; extra Mess. $13; Family. $14; extra Prims
Pork. $14 50@15; ixtra clear, $19; Mess. $16 60;
.Smoked Beef. 12».,@13c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 78Sc per lb for
compound and SM:@9c for pure; half-barrels.
Ijure. S!»e; 10-lb tins. 3*«c: 6-lb tins. lOVio.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8%®SHc per Ib; half
barrels. &%@S%c; 10-lb tins, 9Vic.
The Western markets are reported weak, and
the local situation sympathizes, though prices
remain unchanged. The demand Is very poor.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb. ll%@12c for bright and 10V4©
lie for light amber: water white extracted.
7^c; light amber extracted. "Vi@7Vic; dark,
6%i@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
NUTS— Walnuts. 8@9c for Standards and
DfilOc for softshells; Almonds, HH@12c for
paper shell. 9<310o for soft and 4@5c for hard
shell. Peanuts. S>4@6?4c for Eastern and 6c for
California. Brazil Nuts. i>4@Sc. Filberts, 12tf
124c Pecans, ll@13c. Cocoanuts. $4 6005.
RAISINS— Bleached Thompson's Fancy, per
Ib, 10c; choice. Sc; standard. So; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas
Fancy, per lb, 8>/4c: choice. ~\Lc; standard, Hhtc;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. Be; Seedless
50-lb boxes, 6c;. 2-crown. loose Muscatels. 5W<2:
3-crown, 6\4c: 4-crown. 7c; London Layars,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Deliesa. $2 SO; Imperial, $3. All
prices ar» f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
40-50' e, SV4e for 60-60" s. 3^c for 60-70' s. S@314c for
70-SO's, 2%03c for SO-OTs and 2%c for 90-100's;
Apricots. 9@10o- for Royals -and 10@lle for
Moorparks; Peaches, 4Vi©4 i ic for Standards, 6c
for cnolce and 5%@6o for fancy: Peeled Peaches,
10®12}ic; Evaporated Apples, 5^^6c; Sun-dried,
3@4o per lb: Pears, 3%@4Hc for dark and 1Q$e
for bright halves; Black Figs, 1%©2c; White
Figs, 2® 3c; Bleached Plums, 7%c; unbleached
Plums, 6c for pitted and lHc for imputed.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA. May 7.— WHEAT-Qulet nnd un
changed; bluestem, 55c; club. S2c.
PORTLAND, May ".-The local wheat mar
ket continues In a depressed condition, with
but few sales and but little wanted. Quota
tions, as usual on a, dull market, are varying,
but e3iR'54e is about the usual quotation on
No. 1 Walla Walla, with valley easy at 5Cc.
OREGON
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, May 7.-Clearlngs, $408,712; bal
ances. $56,7S3.
Portland's Business.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, d-jll: No. 1 California, 6s S^d
@6s 4d; No. 1 Northern 6s lid. Futures, quiet;
July. 6s 8Hd; September. 5s S»id.
CORN— .Spot American mixed, new, quiet, 4s
l%d: futures, easy. May, 4s l%d; July, 4s Mi;
September. 3s ll\d.
LONDON. May 7.— Consols. 100 11-16; silver.
2T*jd; French rentes, lOlf 15c: cargoes on pas
sage, buyers and sellers apart: cargoes No. 1
standard California. 3<h fid: English country
markets, quiet; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom. 3.340.000: wheat and flour on
passage to Continent, 1.710.000.
LIVERPOOL. May 7.— Wheat, nulet: No. 1
standard California 6s 3\'«df?}$s 4d: wheat In
Paris.. dull; flour in Paris." dull: French coun
try markets, flrm,
COTTON-Uplands. 5 7-1-V..
Foreign Markets.
day, owlnr to the continued lack of demand,
closing: weak at $4 405x4 IS. Tin. In sympaths
with foreign markets was weak and some
what lower, closing weak at $20 30@23 40. Pig
Iron warrants v.-ere weak and quoted nominally
at S15 SO. Northern No. 1 foundry was nomin
ally uncharged at $"1'!j23. Lake copper con
tinues dull and unchanged, at $17. Spelter,
ruled quiet, closing at $4 b~V><&* Wi- . The brok
ers" price for lead was $4 20'and for copper $17.
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about^,
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900.
Steamer Movements.
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS.
TO SAIL.
Foreign Futures.
THE STOCK MARKET I
8
¦ AATICLES. jOpen.!Uisrh.|Low. jClose.
Wheat No. 2—
May 65V4 65*; 65»i 65«i
July 67>» 67Vi 67 67>,
Corn N'o. 2—
May 38»4 SSTi 3S^ 3S»i
July 35 s i 39»« 39% 39%
September 40 40U 39T, 39?i
Oats No. 2—
May 22*i 22Ti 22Vi 22H
June 23 23 22\ 22'»
July 23U 23H 23 23>i
Mess Pork, bbl—
May H60 1165 1160 1163
July 11 65 1180 11 65 11 72',i
Lard, 100 Ibs-
May 6 72*4
July 6 77H 6 SO 6 75 6 7"V»
September 6 77H 6 80 6 75 6 SO
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 6 50
July 6 62H 6 62H 6 52% 6 55
September 6 60 6 60 6 52Vi 6 52ft
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 12,000 . 14.000
Wheat, bUBhels 7.000 101,000
-orn. bushels 197,000 264.000
:)ats, hushels 215.000 184.000
Rye, bushels 5.000 17,000
Barlev, bushels 26.C00 5,000 .
Sun rises JC8
Sun sets • *»
Moon seta 1:33 a. m.
O Time ITIme Time |Tim<?:
£ Ft. | Ft. Ft. h— — Ft.
? L W |H W L. W JH Wj
8 ... 1:34 ?.4| 7:«! 3.9 12:351 1.7 7:50: 8.1
9 ... 3:19 1.9 8:17 3.» 1:3SJ 119 8:24; 8.3
ID ... I:iw 1.4 9:15i 4.0 2:15 2.2) 8:55 5. t
11 ... 3:25 0.9 1->:<>S 4.W 2:51! 2.5 9:2». 5.4
12 ... 3:59 O.«j 10:53 4.2J 3:2S! 2.T' 0:5V 5.«
13 ... 4:35 0.n| ll:» 4.4 4: 1 "*?! 2.S' 10:19- 5.6
14 ... 5:12'— 0.3! l-:2J] 4. 5! 4:43' S.9\ IV.W 5.7
Steamer.
Frcin.
Duo.
Newport Panama May S
Ignac. Marlscal Manzanillo May S
Coqullle RlTer. Grays Harbor May S
Wartleld Oyster Harbor May S
Cooa Bay Newport May ¦«
Arcata Coos Bay May 9
Empire Coos Bay May !»
San Juan 'Panama May 13
State of Cal Portland May to
Del Norta....... Oregon Ports May 11
Newburgr Grays Harbor May 13
Crescent City... Crescent City May t)
North Fork Humboldt May W
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 13
Universe Oyster Harbor May 11
Corona San Diego May 11
Pomona Humboldt May 11
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 11
America Maru. China and Japan May 13
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 13
Orizaba Vancouver May 13
Samoa Humboldt May 13
Bonita Newport 'May 13
"Wellington [Oyster Harbor May 13
Del Norte. Oregon Ports...? May 1*
Columbia 'Oregon Ports May 15
Santa Rosa 'San Dies© 'May 15
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
,
Columbia .. Portland May I. 11 am Pier 24
Samoa Humboldt May 8. MunPiwU
Pomona .... Humboldt May 8. J pmlPler 3
S. Portland Cap* Nome.... May 8. 2pmjP1er24
Curacao .... Mexico May 8. lOaia.PlerU
Pant* Rosa San Diego May 9. 11 ami Pier U
Acapulco .. Panama May 9. 12 mJPlTSS
Aloha Cape Nome.... May in, 3 pm Pier I
Empire .... Coos Bay May 10, 12 m,PlerlJ
Coptic Chlna& Japan May 11. 1 pmPMSS
Coos Bay... Newport May 11. 9 am j Pier 11
UmatUla ... Vic & Pst Sd. May 11. 11 amjPler 11
Arcata Coos Bay May 11. 12 m; Pier 13
Umatilla ... Vic & PKt Sd. May 11. 11 am.Pler 9
Coqutlle Rv Grays Harbor May 11. 2 pm
Octavla .... Europe May 12 1
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 12 .«
State of Cat Portland May 13. 11 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt May 13, 9 am Pier X
Corona San Dleiro May 13. llamipterll
Pomona .... Humboldt May 13. I pm Pier 9
Del Norte.. Orepon Ports. May 14
Senator ....iCape Nome.... May 14
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. May 14. i pm Pier J
Bonlta Newport May 13. 9 ami Pier 11
Ohio Cape Nome.... I May IS |
Samoa. Humboldt May 13, 10 am Tier 13
Luella. | Cape Nome.... May IS ;
Sequoia .... Cape Nome [May IS I
Rainier JCape Nome.... I May !¦>. 2 ptn Pier 3i
ARTICLES. Receipts. Shlpm'ts.
Flour, barrels 12,000 . 14.000
Wheat, bUBhels 7.000 101,000
-orn. bushels 197,000 264.000
:)ats, hushels 215.000 184.000
Rye, bushels 5.000 17,000
Barlev, bushels 26.C00 5,000 .
¦ AATICLES. jOpen.!Uisrh.|Low. jClose.
Wheat No. 2—
May 65V4 65*; 65»i 65«i
July 67>» 67Vi 67 67>,
Corn N'o. 2—
May 38»4 SSTi 3S^ 3S»i
July 35 s i 39»« 39% 39%
September 40 40U 39T, 39?i
Oats No. 2—
May 22*i 22Ti 22Vi 22H
June 23 23 22\ 22'»
July 23U 23H 23 23>i
Mess Pork, bbl—
May H60 1165 1160 1163
July 11 65 1180 11 65 11 72',i
Lard, 100 Ibs-
May 6 72*4
July 6 77H 6 SO 6 75 6 7"V»
September 6 77H 6 80 6 75 6 SO
Short Ribs, 100 lbs—
May 6 50
July 6 62H 6 62H 6 52% 6 55
September 6 60 6 60 6 52Vi 6 52ft
Steamer.
I Destination. I
Sails.
Pier.
,
Columbia .. Portland May I. 11 am Pier 24
Samoa Humboldt May 8. MunPiwU
Pomona .... Humboldt May 8. J pmlPler 3
S. Portland Cap* Nome.... May 8. 2pmjP1er24
Curacao .... Mexico May 8. lOaia.PlerU
Pant* Rosa San Diego May 9. 11 ami Pier U
Acapulco .. Panama May 9. 12 mJPlTSS
Aloha Cape Nome.... May in, 3 pm Pier I
Empire .... Coos Bay May 10, 12 m,PlerlJ
Coptic Chlna& Japan May 11. 1 pmPMSS
Coos Bay... Newport May 11. 9 am j Pier 11
UmatUla ... Vic & Pst Sd. May 11. 11 amjPler 11
Arcata Coos Bay May 11. 12 m; Pier 13
Umatilla ... Vic & PKt Sd. May 11. 11 am.Pler 9
Coqutlle Rv Grays Harbor May 11. 2 pm
Octavla .... Europe May 12 1
Crescent Cy Crescent City. May 12 .«
State of Cat Portland May 13. 11 am Pier 24
North Fork Humboldt May 13, 9 am Pier X
Corona San Dleiro May 13. llamipterll
Pomona .... Humboldt May 13. I pm Pier 9
Del Norte.. Orepon Ports. May 14
Senator ....iCape Nome.... May 14
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. May 14. i pm Pier J
Bonlta Newport May 13. 9 ami Pier 11
Ohio Cape Nome.... I May IS |
Samoa. Humboldt May 13, 10 am Tier 13
Luella. | Cape Nome.... May IS ;
Sequoia .... Cape Nome [May IS I
Rainier JCape Nome.... I May !¦>. 2 ptn Pier 3i
Steamer.
Frcin.
Duo.
Newport Panama May S
Ignac. Marlscal Manzanillo May S
Coqullle RlTer. Grays Harbor May S
Wartleld Oyster Harbor May S
Cooa Bay Newport May ¦«
Arcata Coos Bay May 9
Empire Coos Bay May !»
San Juan 'Panama May 13
State of Cal Portland May to
Del Norta....... Oregon Ports May 11
Newburgr Grays Harbor May 13
Crescent City... Crescent City May t)
North Fork Humboldt May W
Bristol Oyster Harbor May 13
Universe Oyster Harbor May 11
Corona San Diego May 11
Pomona Humboldt May 11
Tellus Oyster Harbor May 11
America Maru. China and Japan May 13
Queen Victoria & Puget Sound May 13
Orizaba Vancouver May 13
Samoa Humboldt May 13
Bonita Newport 'May 13
"Wellington [Oyster Harbor May 13
Del Norte. Oregon Ports...? May 1*
Columbia 'Oregon Ports May 15
Santa Rosa 'San Dies© 'May 15
Sun rises JC8
Sun sets • *»
Moon seta 1:33 a. m.
O Time ITIme Time |Tim<?:
£ Ft. | Ft. Ft. h— — Ft.
? L W |H W L. W JH Wj
8 ... 1:34 ?.4| 7:«! 3.9 12:351 1.7 7:50: 8.1
9 ... 3:19 1.9 8:17 3.» 1:3SJ 119 8:24; 8.3
ID ... I:iw 1.4 9:15i 4.0 2:15 2.2) 8:55 5. t
11 ... 3:25 0.9 1->:<>S 4.W 2:51! 2.5 9:2». 5.4
12 ... 3:59 O.«j 10:53 4.2J 3:2S! 2.T' 0:5V 5.«
13 ... 4:35 0.n| ll:» 4.4 4: 1 "*?! 2.S' 10:19- 5.6
14 ... 5:12'— 0.3! l-:2J] 4. 5! 4:43' S.9\ IV.W 5.7A building at 176 Vandewater street
was destroyed by fire shortly after 1
o'clock this morning. It was occupied
by seven Italian families, who lost all
their household belongings.' The struc
ture was owned by Nicholas Colombo.
The loss Is about $1500.
Early Morning Blaze.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, . May 7. .
. Stmf Umatllla, Cousins, '— — hours from Vic
toria and Pueet Sound ports. fiMSSf
Maria de Bolcoff, an old lady, who has
a ten-acre ranch at Millbrae. swore to a
complaint In Judge Fritz's court yester
day for the arrest of William Code on
the charge of felony embezzlement. She
Is over *>'J years of age. and her husband,
en invalid. Is about four score years.
Mrs. de Bolcoff aUep« s that Code, who
Is married to her granddaughter. Induced
her to mortgage her ranch for S3W in Oc
tober, li>98. and give him the money to
rpeculate In hay. He bought some hay,
but did not pay for It and fled to Mexico.
She said she had been jrranted a year to
redeem the mortgage, but as she had no
means of doing it she. and her dying hus
band would be forced to give up their
home In their old age.
Code, wto Is a son of the well-known
MORTGAGED HER RANCH
TO MAKE MONEY IN HAY
Charles L. Whitney, the rancher from
"Liverroore, whose domestic troubles have
been aired In the Superior and Police
courts recently was convicted yesterday
by Judge Mogan on the-charge of threat
ening to kill his wife. He had been re
leased on thirty days' probation en con
dition that he^would leave the city, but a
few days later he went to the house, 507Vi
Hyde street, where his wife was residing,
arid she and her sister fired three shots
at him. He will be sentenced to-day.
Whitney Is Convicted.
Th* Rons cf Veterans. U. S. A.. Cali
fornia Division, met In fourteenth annual
er.caT.r.mr-rt in th*> Ruby Hall of the Red
Mf-n'e building yesterday. The reports of
the teveral officers showed a gain of
three camps during the year and an In
cr«-.ise of 50 per cent in membership. The
division Indorsed the proposition for a
national military college.
The following were elected officers for
the ensuing term: A. O. Bennett of San
Jose, division commander; W« E. Lau
lance of Ban Francisco, senior vice com
mander: Mp.jor James Af-hman of Los An
p*-)*-!*. junior vice commander; Captain
Frank It. Handily of San Francisco,
auartermasier; J. O. Gish of Los Angeles.
\V. G. Luckhardt and J. R, Fitch of Los
Gatos. division council: \V, E. Barnum
of San Francisco ami Captain C. E.
Washfcurn of Lds Anceles. delegates. The
officers v.ill be installed to-night prior to
a banqu* t to be given in the banquet hall
of the R'd Men's building.
A committee of five on fraternal rela
tlor.s with the Grand Army of the Re
public w!M be appointed by the new com
mander. Tho next place of meeting will
be in the southern part of the State.
ANNUAL ENCAMPMENT OF
SONS OF VETERANS, U. S. A.
In the old quarters at the Buffalo Hotel
Billy Harvey & Co. cater to the pony
players, while F. E. Daroux & Co. occupy
the rooms on Water street opposite tho
railway depot. The opening day this year
compares favorably In point of attend
ance with that of former times,- nearly
a score of clerks being kept busy at Joe
Harvey's quarters, while Daroux has al
most as many at work.
SAUSALITO. May 7.— "I tell you this ia
just like a letter from home." This sen
timent, voiced In his expressive vernacu
lar by "Billy". MacMillan, expresses ex
.actly the feeling of the water front at
the reopening of the poolrooms, and the
peneral awakening of Sausallto. All day
long the boats have brought crowds of
the "following" over, but so far at least
the feminine element is conspicuous by its
absence. "They don't tumble that the
pame Is open again," explained the sad
eyed piker.
Poolrooms Reopen.
Sppcial Dispatch to The Call
Late this afternoon Neely obtained tho
required $20,000 ball and was released. A.
C. Smith, a friend of Neely, said that
Neely had been for fifteen months In the
postal service In Cuba, and during 'that
time he had handled millions of dollars.
The. shortage In Neely's accounts, he said,
was doubtless due to clerical errors and
that they would be straightened at the
proper time. Smith also said that Neely
while In Cuba had been concerned in sev
eral speculations and that his last enter
prise was in the shipment of a cargo of
cocoanuts.
NEW YORK. May 7.— Charles P. Neely.
who was arrested In Rochester, N. Y.,
Saturday nipht whiie on his way to Cali
fornia and brought back to this city last
night, has refused to make any statement.
When Neely was taken Into custody there
were found In his possession 56502 In cash
and securities and collateral of various
r.ntures, possibly the remainder of the
$?K.C00 which he is alleged ta have embez
zled from the Government.
CHARLES F. NEELY
RELEASED ON BAIL
Rpv. C. K. Jenneps of Berkeley ad
dressed the Methodists on "The Vindica
tion of Unbelief."
Rev. Charles M. Shepherd addressed the
Presbyterian ministers on "The Ministry
on Its Economic Side."
Notwithstanding these great improvements
In preaching and practice In our day it can
not be denied that the Christian life which
fin^s rxpreeslcn In the actions of everyday life
dots not to the name extent manife5t itp^lf
in a high discriminating and pure Christian
morality. No thoughtful observer of our com
mercial, political and »oclal life can fail to
be struck wth the d^sree to which professedly
and seemingly Christian men fall to carry out
the moralities of the cospel in their daily
transaction* in the world. So marked la this
feature of the time's that it presents itself as
a problem difficult to solve. What is there. If
there be anything. In our methods of preach
ing, teaching, admlnl.«terlng and living v/hlch
leads to or iK>lnts the way to these deplorable
results. I rrake no attempt to explain the
problem; I only venture to suggest that the
failure of th« jmlpit sufficiently to teach and
«*mphasize the ethical Ride of r the gospel may
be one of the many causes which might be
ctatc-d es having contributed to produce the lax
principle, a practice which now so frightfully
prevails.
I now reach the question whether the pulpit
of to-day is doing Its full dutv In the way of
ethlca.1 prraehlr.e. I think I shall not bs
contradicted when I say that a great improve
ment has been made in this direction in thn
Ian ten yeans, end as a result In all our
churchfa the laity of both sexes. younK and
old. have beon enlisted In the work of the
Master.
Rev. D. Baldwin of Denver addressed
the Baptist ministers yesterday on the
importance of ethical preaching. In the
course of his paper he attacked corpora
tions and also deplored the lack of ethics
in some Christians. In part he said:
DEPLORES THE LACK OF
ETHICS IN CHRISTIANS
VICTOR CASTRO BURIED
ON HIS HOMESTEAD
BERKELEY. May 7.— Don Victor Cas
tro was buried this morning in a plat on
the Castro homestead. Rev. Father Rior
dan officiated at the funeral, which was
private, only the relatives and closest
friends of the family being- present.
Don Castro was born at the Presidio In
1S20 and when 16 years old erected the lit
tle adobe house in which he died. He ob
tained a grant of a large tract of land
which extended from San Pablo to Oak
land from the Mexican Government.
UNIVERSITY
HAPPENINGS
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA.
BERKELEY. May 7.— The annual
announcement of courses of instruc
tion has just been issued. It is very
elaborately preps red and show3 a varied
choice of subjects. Several new courses
have been added and changes in others
made.
Professors George II. Howison and
Charles M. BakeweH of the department of
philosophy will return to college next
August. • •
Professors "William Carey Jones, Lange,
Joseph Le Gonte and iloses will be away
one year.
The next academic year will open Aug
ust 13. though lreshman recitations will
not begin until the £Oth.
-Judge Curtis H. Lindley. honorary pro
fessor of law of mines and water In tho
university, has presented to the mining
department a very fine model In sneet
lead of all the workings of tho Bunker
Hill and Sullivan mines In Idaho.
J. Bu'tt Davy, assistant botanist of the
experiment station, has an article. "The
Making of a Horticultural Herbarium,"
in a recent bulletin of the United States
Department of Agriculture.
Professor J. C. Merriam has been elect
ed president of the Science Association
of the university, and Dr. E. J. Wilczyn
ski secretary. J-
Professor L D. Lyle and S. A. Cham
bers who prepared the charter day play,
and the members of the" cast, have pre
sented to the English department library
a fine engraving of the head of Huxley,
the English scientist. The cast has also
presented a number of photographs of
scenes in the play, framed together.
Care of Feeble Minded.
OAKLAND. May 7.— District Attorney
Allen has given the Board of Supervisors
an opinion that the Sheriff cannot be com
pelled to care for feeble-minded patients.
The question arose from the proposal of
State authorities to compel each county
to take charge of its own patients of that
character. The Sheriff proposes to resist
any effort to burden him with the care
of the Teeble-minded on the ground that
he 13 not supplied with either accommo
dations . or proper assistance and cannot
secure the latter without legislative ac
tion./; -.¦¦--
Oakland Orpheus Circuit.
OAKLAND, , May 7.— The first concert
of the .Oakland Orpheus .for the season
,of 1900 will be given Thursday evening: at
the First 'Unitarian Church.
The death rate In colleges is extremely low.
The strict attention to the physique Is given
an the cause. People outside of colleges, as
¦well, may have health and strength. Hostet
ter's Stomach Bitters is recommended most
highly for preventing as well as curing bodily
weakness. It i-- for the blood, the nerves and
all utomach disorders and Its cure? o? consti
pation, indigestion, dyspepsia, slujrgrish liver
or weak kidneys are most remarkable.
Few College Students Die.
OAKLAND. May 7.— Brother Erminold
ha«* been appointed prefect ot St. Mary's
College, in place of Brother Laselan, who
retired because of failing health. The
new prefect wa* at th«». head of St. Mary's
College years neo. He was also presi
dent of Sacred Heart College and St. Pe
ter's School. San Francisco.
New Prefect at St. Mary's.
Railroad Company Responsible.
LOS ANGELES. May 7.-Henry Van
Leonen. a Southern Pacific bridge carpen
ter, was killed Saturday afternoon by a
falling timber while at work repairing the
foot bridge which runs back from the
Southern Pacific freight sheds at River
Station on Buena Vista street. At the in
auest. after hearing 1 the evidence, the
Coroner's jury declared that Van Leonen's
death was caused by the grross negligence
of the foreman. Chris Jenson. whom they
blamed for not having made secure the
timber which in falling had killed Van
Lconon. The railroad company is held re
sponsible for the neglect of its agent.
ALAMEDA, May 7.— The police have
been making wholesale arrests of violat
ors of the wagon license ordinance requir
ing an annual fee of $5. and Oakland mer
chants whose drivers have fallen Into the
clutches of the law resent this activity on
the part of the officers. They have formed
a pool and have retained Attorney W. H.
Fry to fight the ordinance. The Oakland
Produce Companv, Coward Salt Works,
H. C. Gard & Co. and other firms are In
terested.
Will Fight Licenss Ordinance.
j Entertainments by Branches of the
Order in the Odd Fallows'
Building 1 .
Various branches of the Odd Fellows
tendered receptions last night to the rep
resentatives to the Grand Lodge and to
the dflfgates to the California Assembly
of Rebekahs, which bodies will hold their
respective sessions In the Odd Fellows'
building to-day.
Fidelity Lodge held an open meeting at
.which there were present a larg-e number
of representatives of each body.' The
lodge furnished a high-class programme
of musical and literary numbers. After a
welcome by Noble Grand N. M. Petersen,
Deputy Grand ilaster \V. W*. Watson de
livered an interesting address. Among
the interested visitors were Past Grand
Masters A. M. Drew, Karl C Breuck and
Thompson.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge entertained many
of the visiting Rebekahs with an exempli
fication of the ritualistic work, artei
which there was a good programme of
varied numbers. Refreshments and danc
ing followed. During the evening there
were addresses by Noble Grand Miss Mar
gery Jennings, Past Grand Masters Drew
and Breuck, Past Presidents Mit-s Benja
min ar.d Mrs. Moreiand and Past Noble
Grands Tina Brooks and Mr3. A. M.
Drew.
Many Veteran Odd Fellows attended the
annual meeting of the Veteran Associa
tion of Unit city. After receiving the re
port of President G. H. Morrison there
was an election of officers for the ensu
ing year with the following- result: F. A.
Wenk, president: W. T. Galloway, vice
president: W. H. Barnes, secretary
(twenty-second term): Daniel Sewell,
treasurer (twelfth term): Samuel J.
Whitney, marshal: M. ' Breenebaum, L.
W. S. Downes. J. F. Crosttt, C. O. Bur
ton 2nd G. W. Dixon. directors. To-nl«ht
the officers will be installed and then will
be a banquet.
The Veteran Rebekahs also entertained
a number of Veteran? at their annual
meeting. Mrs. Mandana Chase was
elected president; Mrs. M. Swain, vice
president; Mrs. M. A. Hawley. secretary;
Mrs. Sarah Knight, treasurer; Mrs. J.
Dallas, marshal: Lydia J. Pinkham.
Frances Hotchkiss. Annie Samuels. Sarah
Wolff. M. E. Thorndike and Alma Jp-nsen,
directors. This association will have Its
annual banquet on Wednesday evening.
ODD FELLOW DELEGATES
ARE WARMLY WELCOMED
For a lor.g time the your.g man was em
ployed as a driver for the Contra Costa
Laundry, owned by Pliney Bartlett, his
uncle. He lost his "position recently, and
being unsuccessful in securing other em
ployment became despondent.
On the day he was last seen a friend of
vour.g Rartlett received a letter from him
In which he declared that he "was going
to end it all." At noon of that day Bart
lett joined his uncle at the ferry, and dur
ing the trip across the bay 'pleaded with
fcis relative f&r reinstatement in his for
mer position. The elder Bartlett was ob
durate, however, told his nephew that he
was net wanted and that there were no
positions vacant which he could fill.
When the stearner had reached a point
ebrtast of Goat Island young Bartlett was
netn to warsder toward the etern of the
boat. For a moment he gazed at the
fcamy w^.ke of the steamer and then
turned and said good-by to a number of
persons who were standing near him. Be
fore any of them could realize th<» young
nan*? Intentions he Jumrx^d into the cold
waters cf the boy and was soon lost to
Fight. A boat was lowered from the
Eteamer and a search was made for the
suicide, but no trace of him could be
found. •
Deceased was a native of Oakland and
£3 years of apf.
The suicide was witneesed by a gentle
in&n named Fairciiiid, who was a passen
ger en the steamer. Fairchild was close
enough to the man to ytt a good view of
his features. Just aa the young man
leaped frcm the rail into the bay his hat
blew oil and fell on the deck of the
steamer. Kalrchild secured the hat and a
few days later brought It to Bartlett's
relatives, who immediately Identified it as
one worn by the missing man. A picture
of young Bartlett was shown to Fairchild
and without hesitation he declared that
the suicide wr.s Bartlett.
"vVUMan .tdwaxd Bartlett has been miss
ir.g from his home in Oakland since April
TS, and his relatives feel certain that he
was the man who jumped overboard from
ti.t- ftrry-bcat Oakland that day.
Lost His Position and Became De
spendent Wlien His Employer,
an Uncle, Refused to Take
Him Back.
Witness to the Act Declares
the Man Was W. E.
Bartlett
FERRY SUICIDE
IS IDENTIFIED BY
HIS PHOTOGRAPH
The Supervisors were opposed to such
hasty action. Roth of the applications,
special and general, were referred to the
District Attorney for investigation on the
question, whether the board had the
power to grant the request of the com
pany for a limited franchise.
This company follows with its applica
tion within a few months of the Stand
ard Electric Company, of which Prince
Poniatowski is the head, the board hav
ing granted a franchise to the latter,
which is now working into Alameda
County from the northeast.
The- Yuba Company's power plant is
on the north fork of the Yuba River,
near Dobbins, where 0000 horsepower is
utilized. Tne corporation began work
three years ago.
. Tho Yuba Electric Power Company,
represented by Eugene de Sabla Jr. of
San Francisco, made application to the
Board of Supervisors to-day for fran
chises to run lines into Alameda County
for transmission of electricity for power
and lighting. The company, according to
General Manager de Sabla, is incorpor
ated for $1,000,000 and is headed by R. K.
Colgate of New York. Lines are built
in Butte. Yuba; Nevada, Sutter, Placer
and Sacramento counties and applica
tions for franchises to extend them Into
Volo. Solano, Contra Costa and Alameda
counties are now pending.
Manager de Sabta appeared before the
board and said that first he desired a
special franchise for a year and eleven
months In order to begin work at once
In this county. He also requested the
board to give him a franchise which
would npt compel the company- to wait
sixty days and to advertise the applica
tion, as the law requires shall be done in
such cases.
Oakland. Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Kroadway, May 7.
Special Privileges to Hasten Work
Are Sought by Petitioners, but
Board First Wants
Yuba Company Applies for a
Franchise From the
. \ Supervisors.
TO BRING POWER
BY ELECTRICITY
FROM THE NORTH
car.ner. returned from Mexico in M.-irch
last and three weeks ago ex-Superv;sor
Becker secured a warrant for his arrest
for passing a worthless check upon him,
but the matter was settled out of court.
T? T is a long time since the members of
the Olympic Boat Club took so lively
[[ an Interest la rowing as they are do
ing- now. Dr. H. A. I'less. the well
known Arie-1 Rowing- Club member, has
been cho«en captain, vice Charles Lcigh
tcn, resigned, and is devoting much at
tention to the likely oarsmen of the Olym
pic Club. J. R. Bockman, another mem
l-er of the Ariels and president of the
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union, is spending- the summer at
Belvedere. lie is constantly to be seen at
the Olympic boathouse or coaching the
crew on the latroon.
The Junior barge crew of the Olympics
has issued a general challenge to the
San Francisco, Alameda and Oakland
rowing clubs to pull in a race to be held
at Belvedere May 20. The Olympic crew
has been chosen from twelve candidates.
It is made up of athletic men and the
weight is evenly distributed on the stroke
ar.d bow. Oeorge James. 150 pounds, is
bow; P. Sturdivant. 1*) pounds, is No. 2;
Uhliam Cart wright. 1S5 pounds, is No. 3.
and ;\. P. Prer.degast. 150 Dounds. Is
stroke. The other eight oarsmen— E. Con
nelly. A. Hrennan. F. J. Sherry, P. J. Els
enmann, T. F. Meherln, H. P. Fisher. A.
Tell and C. Hartmaii— will form two
crows, which will row against each other
for a consolation trophy. Victor Cagllerl,
formerly of the Dolphin Boating Club,
will represent the Olympics in the out
rifrerer skiff race. It is expected that barge
crews from the South Ends, the Pioneers,
the Ariels. the Alamedas. the Dolphins
and the t'niversity of California will ac
cept the challenge of the Olympic repre
sentatives. A fine race should result wher
crews from all the rowing clubs meet.
GEORGE JAMES, bow. P. STURDIVANT. No. 2. V?. CARTWRIGHT, No. 3. N. PRENDEG \ST stroke
PHIL KANE, coxswain. '
Oarsmen Who Will Contest With the Best Rowers on the Coast.
Charles B. Overaeker's charge of deser
tion contained in his suit for a divorce
from Ella May Overacker, who is a sister
to Mrs. Howard Gould of New York, has
been formally denied by the wife. The
answer in her behalf was filed to-day in
the Superior Court by Allen, Melvin &
AValsh, her attorneys. The answer Is
merely a general denial of the charge and
simply bring* the suit to issue in court,
there being no contest contemplated.
Mrs. Overacker asks, however, in the
event of her husband's prayer for a sep
aration being granted, that the court per
mit her to resume Iit maiden name of
Ella May Clemens. She adopted "Clem
ens." the name of her stepfather, al
though she was born "Dayan. Mrs. Over
acker also asks for counsel fees and costs
of the suit. There Is no cross-complaint
and among the friends of the apparently
ml?mated couple the understanding: is
that all matters relating to property
rights of the wife have been arranged.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 7.
Contest Over the Divorce Suit "Will
Be Simply to Meet the
Demands of the
Law.
Wife Desires That She Be
Allowed to Resume Her
Maiden Name.
ONLY A FORMAL
DENIAL IN THE
OVERACKER CASE
Rev. Thomas McSweeney has been pas
tor of the parish since it was established
in 1S5.7. when services were held in Hani
fin Hall. Nineteenth street and San Pablo
avenue. In a year the property now oc
cupied by the church at Jones and Grove
streets was. purchased together with a
site for the parochial residence. The old
church, now St. Francis de Sales Hall,
was supplanted a few years later by the
elegant structure . of stone and brick
which is now used. This edifice was the
gift to the parish of Mrs. Mary Canning
and it was erected at a cost of $75,000.
Father McSweeney began his pastoral
work at old St. Mary's Cathedral in 1S75..
He came to Oakland in 1SS1 and for six
years -was assistant pastor to Rev. Mi
chael King at the Church of the Immac
ulate Conception. Then he was trans
ferred as pastor to St. Francis de Sales
parish. „ , ,, „*
The parish under Father McSweeney s
pastorate has grown to large numbers
and ranks as one of the most Important
In the dlocese. v The eminent cleric Is 47
vears old. He was educated at Mount
Metery Seminary and was graduated in
1873 from All Hallows' College. Dublin.
The twenty-fifth anniversary- of the or
dination of Rev. Thomas McSweeney,
pastor of St. Francis de Sales Church,
will be celebrated with a silver jubilee on
June 24. There will be special services
at the church in the morning and an en
tertainment of an appropriate nature will
be held at St. Francis de Sales Hall in
the evening-.
The church congregation has appointed
the following committee to take charge
of the celebration: Rev. Father Cull, as
sistant pastor of St. Francis de Sales; P.
J. Ryan. Edward Hogan. P. N. Hanrahan.
P. J. Crowley, J. J. Powers. Thomas
Lamping. M. Spencer, Neill Gallagher and
L. Moriarity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 7.
An Elaborate Entertainment Planned
in Commemoration of Twenty-
Fifth Anniversary of
His Ordination.
Father McSweeney, Pastor
of £t. Francis de Sales,
to Be Honored.
TO CELEBRATE
SILVER JUBILEE
OF A CLERGYMAN
GALA TIME FOR THE
ENCINAL YACHTSMEN
*fi=fr LAMBDA, May 7.— Elaborate prep
/Z-JJVr arations are being made by a com-
Ii~v mlttee composed of Commodore J.
8. Hanley, Dr. C. L. Tladale and
H. L Landsberger for the opening next
Saturday of the yachting season at the
Encinal Yacht Club. An afternoon and
evening programme has been arranged for
the many puests who are expected to
respond to the invitations Bent out.
During the afternoon there will be a
parade of yachts in the bay off the club
house, led by the commodore's craft. Vis
itors will be entertained in the evening
by a programme of music, song and vau
deville. Among the artists who will par
ticipate are: Billy Hynes, Alex Ros
borough, Captain John Leale, Harry Mel
vin, Nat Halton, Clifford Ireland, Frank
Thomson, Billy O'Brien. Ben Tarbox and
the Encinal Yacht Club quartet. Danc
ing will follow until midnight.
Commodore Hanley has been com
mander of the Encinal Yacht Club' the
past two seasons and is universally liked
among yachtsmen. He has announced
the cruises for the season, which Include
all points of interest on the bay.
It is now announced by the management
of the: Columbia Theater that John Drew
will positively give one matinee and six
evening performances during his ' coming
engagement in "The Tyranny of Tears"
at the Columbia. The star's. New York
prices are to, be. charged during the limit
ed engagement . In hia ¦nercssful play,
•'The Tyranny i of Tears. ' T *
Drew's Engagement.
Sada, the young Austrian dramatic vio
linist, who was -Ysaye's pupil for four
years,' will pive her first concert "In this
city at the California Theater this after
noon at 3:15 o'clock. She will be assisted
by Maud Fay. the well-known soprano,
and Ada Clement, accompanist. The pro
gramme is as follows:
"Zigeunerwelson" (SarasatfO. Sada
"Kennst-du-das-Land" (Liszt), Miss Maud
Fay; "Symphone Espanole." allegro, an
dante, rondo (I.alo), Sada: "Au Beau
Reve" (Saint-Saens), Miss Maud Fav; In
troduction. "Rondo Capriccioso" (Saint-
Saens). Sada: - - - - ' ,, \.\ v v
Sada This Afternoon.
Paloma Schramm, assisted by her sister
Karla, will give her first concert in this
city since her return from Europe at
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s hall to-morrow
afternoon at 3:15 o clock. When this won
derful child pianiste and composer np
pearert here two years ago she created a
sensation. * ' •
Paloma Schramm's Return.
At the Chutes last night Frosto &
Warda scored a hit In their sketch, en
titled "At SIatildy'3 Reception." Harry
de Armo on tki llying trapeze created a
sensation with his "leap for life." Herbert
Gilbert Castle has some new gags and
sang some of the latest popular snngs In a
pleasing manner. The balance of the bill
includes Fairbank Brothers, club jug
gler?: Alice Raymond, cornet soloist: Ma
bel Le Claire, operatic soprano: Daven
port Sisters, song and dance artists, and
new moving pictures.
Chutes.
The bill at the Olympia this week is
praiseworthy. The head liners, Deets &
Don. who recently made quite a hit at the
Orpheum. prorru?e to be favorites, and the
rest of the bill is good. .
Olympia.
Fischer's Concert House presents a pro
gramme that should pad; the house
nightly. The prison scene from "Faust"
brought the audience to their feet in an
outburst of enthusiasm that did not sub
side until the curtain had risen and fallen
four times upon the bowing artists. The
Marguerite of Signora Barducci, the
Faust of Siernor Badaraceo and the Me
phisto of Signor Abramoff were a.ll per
fectly sung, costumed and acted. The last
act of "Rlgoletto." which closed the pro
gramme, is full of dramatic situations and
affords opportunity for some splendid
acting and singing. Tho bill, taken as n
whole, is the best that has been presented
slnre the opening of this popular house of
melody.
Fischer's Concert House.
The play "A Parisian Romance" drew
a crowded house to the California Thea
ter last night. James Nelll In the part
of Baron Chevrlal sustained the high rep
utation accorded him on the opening night
and the well balanced company seemed
to be more at ease in their parts. It bids
fair to have crowded houses for the bal
ance of the week.
The second week of "In Gay New York"
began last evening at Morosco's Grand
Opera-house. Those who like coon songs,
cakewalks and vari-colored hose ex
pressed their pleasure in the usual.man
ner. Miss Isabella Underwood received
well merited applause for ono of her vo
cal efforts. The piece lasts until the end
of the week, when the musical comedy,
"The Lady Slavey," which ha3 been such
a success In London and New York, will
be presented.
California.
Grand Opera-House.
The officers and sailors of the French
cruiser Protet were the guests of honor
at a theater party given by George Hall
at the Tivoli last evening. The Tivoli In
honor of the foreign guests decorated
the house In tricolor and at the close
of the second act '"The Marseillaise" was
sung and "The Star-spangled Banner"
given as an encore. Another feature of
the evening was a charming French song,
"The Kiss," given with splendid effect by
Miss Julie Cotte. "The Wizard of the
Nile," which was the bill last night,
seems to be down for an indefinite run.
Tivoli.
The patrons of the Alcazor can enjoy a
dear, old fashioned melodrama this week
In "The Great Diamond Robbery." The
piece is well cast and was received with
great enthusiasm by a big house last
night. Of course George P. "Webster Is
the favorite in the part of the hero, Dick
Brummage, and Ernest Hastings, in tierce
black mustachlos. as "Villain" Senator
McSorker had actually to submit to tho
hisses of the gallery. Miss Marie Howe
Is good as Frau Rosenbaum and Laura
Crews delighted her admirers by appear
ing in the character of a Bowery girl,
which she dressed and acted very well.
Alcazar.
Each week at the Orpheum Is an old
.story— tho fame old story of crowded
houses and laughing, shouting and ap
plauding audiences. Even the oldest lov
ers of vaudeville, the seasoned theater
goers, cannot help wondering how the
management manages to get together so
many attractions that attract and how it
manages to do it every week. The new
comers this week are up to the Orpheum
mark and that Is sayinc a whole lot. Mil
ton and Dollle Nobles in the farce "The
Uluegrass 'Widow" keep the audience
bubbling with laughter as a kettle when
it bolls. Mark Sullivan made a good hit
in his monologue and mimicry. The hold
overs—by no means warmedovers — shine
at their "best, led by Fulgora's stars, Etta
Dutler. the Brothers Forrest, Bouman
and Adcllts Will Bates and little Fred
with his wonderfuljscrobatic doss.
Orplicum.
The human windmill, the disappearing
rooms and the catapu.tic drawbridge are
worthy exponents of twentieth-century
stage mechanism and call forth special
mention. The electric ballet is in itself
a feature that has seldom if ever been
duplicated on the local stage. The piece
abounds in so much music that it might
be classed as a light opera. One num
ber particularly, "By Your Side." will
prove exceptionally popular. Taken all
in all it was ix bright, crispy performance,
although Mr. Kdward Kerr could be im
proved upon. The entertainment appeals
strongly to the children and the Satur
day matinee- should tind them out in force.
It is not necessary for any one who is
looking for a hearty laugh to advertise
for it. It can be found at the Columbia
Theater In the play, "The Evil Eye."
Those who can remember the old-style
pantomimes will recognize the article,
only we call it horseplay In these days.
However, it is strung together so cleverly
and the action is so rapid that there Is no
time to get that tired feeling.
Of the uf ty oad people who compose the
company Al H. \\ lison is easily the star.
His bright, magnetic, easy manner made
him a welcome feature of tho perform
ance from his lirst entrance. His specialty
is German dialect monologue anu is one
of the be»t ever heard in this city. Mr.
Wilson is closely followed by Rosaire and
Elliott, two exceedingly clever gymnasts
and pantomimisis. Their acrobatic work in
troduced many dexterous feats which, to
a certain extent, are new here. A feature
of the encertainment is the octet of the
clever Phaaey Troupe, whose signing of
negro melodies and wild, abandon danc
ing, as well as their drum manipulations,
aToused the enthusiasm of the audience.
Melodrama Packs the Alcazar — Tivoli
Prospers With "The Wizard of
the Nile"— California Pre
sents a Gem.
"The Evil Eye" Is Horse-
Play, but Is Funny to
a Finish.
PANTOMIME AT
THE COLUMBIA
MAKES A HIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900.
OLYMPIANS PREPARING FOR
THE "LADIES' DAY" REGATTA
COMMODORE HANLEY.
9
* Guro Sour Stomach, •
i Gonstipatlofy etc* w
§ 1 A rcRii nnd 55 c rntf, at flrnj ftore* §
THE WILD GOOSE MINING AND
TRADING COMPANY
Will Dispatch the Fast and Commodious Iron
Steamship
"CHARLES D. LANE"
(ITOO tors burden)
», WARREN. Master.
— FOR —
Via Seattle, on or about
MAY 18, 1900.
The passengers' accommodations have been
made with a view to their health and comfort.
Electric lighted throughout. The tables will b«
supplied with the best the market produces,
and will be unsurpassed by any vessel In the
Nome trade.
Will Kava ExperfencaJ Ice Pi'ots and Un-
exceKed Facilities for Landing
Freight End Passengers,
Which . will Insure a prompt landing- at their
¦<¦'; '. r -y
For passaare. freight, cold storage or informa-
tion apoly at once to
J. J. HAVIS1DE, 46 STEUART ST.,
Heavy Freight Will Be Taken.
Or to Purser on board.
OCEANIC S.S. CO.-HOXOlITlU. APIA
AUCKLAND A>1> SY1>NEY.
S. S. AUSTRALIA (Honolulu only)..;: ' ;
...... ........ Wedneaday. May 30. 1D0O, j p"iL
8. S. ALAMEDA (via Honolulu) to New Zea-
land and Australia.. ..Wed., May 18. 8' P. M.
J. U. ar-rtttKfcLS a drtCS. CO.. Met*.. <i« Montoeawn
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Freight Ofilce.327 Market SL
A T>-p-CrR /r 1 \ «H IVT !•'. H ' I'g-
»tfo«$!vel7 crrod toy t&esQ
-H-; I little Pills.
• " Tccy also relieve Distress froia 7*l*t^ > ' 1 *
I httigestfcin and Too Hearty Eating. A per.
feet rexokdy tor Dizziness, Naosea, Draws!-
ness, BadTuteto the Mouth, Coated Tongce
Pain In the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. * Purely Vegetable. ; u
8matt Pin. Small Dose*
Small Prfca*' '
OCEAN TBAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers lea-r* Bro*dw&X
kk^ wharf. San Francisco:
H^h^_ For Alaaican port* — 11 a. m.«
RjQXifek. i^r «• "• la - 21 - 2 *- sl - Jan *
l»¥*^5k. s - Ciapte to company s:*aai-
Ipl MM\Sra tn at 9«*ttle.
fi*v2H For Victoria, Vaneour«r (TT.
glQZartji C.). Port Towcs»nd. 9»attl(».
l^BSXlaK Taccma. Ever-tt. Ar-aeortea
and New 'Whatcom (Wa*h->—
"¦• ll a. m.. May 8, 11, H. !L Jl.
tl. Jnne 5. and every fifth day thereafter;
chaag* at Seattle to thi» comoany'a rt«amer«
for Alaska and O. N. R/.: at Tacoma to N. P.
Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. HamboWt Bay— M a. m.. Mar
J. 13. IS. 23. M. Juno 1 and every Otth day
thereafter. " _
P"or Santa Crna. Monterey. 8*n Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San Z.ota Obt.ipoV OaTiota,
Santa- Barbara. Vtntura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Eaut San Pedro (Los Anr»le»» »nd Newport—*
a. m.. ?iay 7. 11. 15. 19. B. V. XX. Jun* 4 and
every f jnrth day thereafter.
For San Dle^o. •topplnr onty at Port Harford
fSan Lais Ob!cpo>. Sant* Barbara. Port Ix»
>ni?el»s and "Redond" <Lo» Anrel-«>— « a. wt..
aiay 9, 13. 17. 21. 25. 29. Jan* » and ererr
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenida. Magdalena Bay San 3r** d«!
Cabo. Maiatlan. Altata. L* Pu, Bant* RoaalU
and Ouayman (Mexico)— 10 a. m.. May S. and
7th of each month thereafter. •
For further Information obtain company*
°Th« 'company rw»rv»s th» r1*nt to «!>•£¦•
ateatners naiHn* date* and hour* of •atltal',
w U)tnn> nrevlw* Tinttce.
• T1VK.TT Ori7GE-4 New HavtgocurT.
itr#«t (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. FFRK1X9 ft CO.. Ornn. Ajrvnta.
V> Market nt.. 8an Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO 1
PORTLA3STD
From Puear-street "Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC $'2 First Class including Berth)
lAnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA SAILS
May J. 13. 2J. Jan* t
COLUMBIA sal> May «. It. W. Jun» 1
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and' all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East. •
E. C. WARD. General AjMt.
CO Market ft.
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superlnterdents.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION COMPANY
Will Dl snatch From
BAN FRANCISCO Street for
The Well-Known ALASKA FLYER.
S, S. HUMBOLDT,
bailing WEDNESDAY- - May 39.
ELEGANT S. S. ZEALAND1A
(3000 toss burden).
First salllnr (capacity earaced) May tlrt
Second saUlns Upprox.) — Jna* 23tA
S. S. MORNl.NG STAR,
Ratline (capacity encased). May Mta.
Thronxh Mrvic* tor Dawsoa and all Tuiaa
River points.
For pasMire and fretrht rates apply
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.,
General (ices, 139 POST STREET.
AMERICAN LINE.
nV T0SZ. 60tJTHAXPT03. LONDOJI. fAXO.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 1!) *. m.
New Tork May SfN'ew Torfe. May W
St. Paul May 1« St. Paul Jon* 9
St. Louis. May 23i St. Loula Jus* ia
RED STA3 LINE.
New Yorl( end Antwerp.
From New Tork every "Wednesday, XX noon.
Frlesland May 9| Kensington May SO
Fouthwark May 16 Noordland Jans fl
Westernland ....May a! Frlesland Juaa 13
EMPIRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio salla from Steuart-at. wharf. San
Francisco, for Nome, on May 13. 2:30 p. m.
From Seattle May 14. All passenger accom-
modations now taken, bat limited freight spacs
Is . still available. Subsequent sailings from
Seattle Jane 30. Jury 31. August 30. For ratea
and oth»r Information apoly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
39 Montromery at., or any of Its a»«nts.
TOYO KISEN KAISHL
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE \7HARF. COR.
ner First and Bran nan streets. 1 p. in.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO, railing at
Kob* (HJcso). Nagasaki and Shanghai. *nj
connecting at Hongkong wtth ateamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of salllnr.' • v •
63. AMERICA MARU
; Saturday. May 19th. 1300
S3. HONGKONO MARIT
....Thursday. Jun« 14th. 1**!
S3 NIPPON MARU Tuesday. July 10th. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced ratea. Fot
freight and passar* apply at compaajTa office,
421 Market atreet. corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Opera! Agent.
CC3JPA3NI5 CEHESALE TRANF • - ti5TIQ3 1
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .^^
Pallir:* every Thursday instead of <5jf2\K
Saturday, from November I. 1839. at •*•»¦¦•
10 a. m.. ¦ from Pier 42. North River, foot of
Morton *t. LA CHAMPAGNE. May 10; LA
OASCOGNE. May 17: L'AQUTTAINE. M*y J4:
LA TOCRAINE. May Jl. First class to Havre.
$50 and upward: 5 per rent reduction on round
trip. Second class tn Havre. $15: 5 per cent
reduction on round trjn. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATKS AND CANADA. JJ
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J. F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa3t Arents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. '
1K0SM0S UNES^-gS
¦ SSKAPId .4000 Ton*
JSoa'hly M"*"g for Valparaiso and Hamburg
Tia Mexican ports. Central, South Amerioa, etc
j S. 8. CCTAVIA SAILS AE0CT ]f AT 12.
i. d. srxKcxtu a rsos. < o_ i P «u, nt «»i t «i»rT st.
rwr >• 7— »r»l«»toaw. «7 «»rt»t »t_»— rmttw
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOURG
(PARIS) AND HAMBUKU.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURC!
AND HAMBURG.
For Sailing, etc.. Apply to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN UNA 37 BdWrNT.
PARIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved If secured before derarrure.
HERZOO & CO.. Gen. Art*, for Pacific Coast,
401 California ft., corner ?«p«"W».'S. F.
BAY AND RIVER ST/FAMEHS.
FOR U. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "MontlccUa.**
HON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at f:4J
¦ m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. nitct); Frt-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. rn., |
p. m. Landing and offlce. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. J. Telephona Mala 1503.
FARIl ii TIT TTT t II Illlllllllllll. L -50O
OCEAN TBAVEL.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1900.
10
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— FEMALE.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants a place to do
general housework; city, or country; .wages,
moderate. /Address 2300 Mission rt., near 19th.
DRESSMAKER who thoroughly understands
cutting and flttine desires a few select cus-
tomers; Eton suits a specialty; made In 2
days; $1 60 day. . Bex 418, Call office. -
NEAT young girl want* housework: plain
cooking; likes children; speaks little English;
$12. 1931 Sixteenth ave.. South San Francisco.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation In first-
class private family; can do all kinds of cook-
Ing; city or country; reference*. 721 Bush
street.
EASTERN woman, elderly, neat, good cook,
desires position taking care of children and
the entire work: has flrst-class references; $12
month. Box 1S50. Call. ¦ ' ,
NURSERY governess — Refined young lady, best
of references, would give part of each day te
teach children English, German and music.
M. L. P.. £25 Grove st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as governess,
either visiting or ¦ resident: all English
branches, music and drawing. Address. box
_2<66, Call office. Oakland.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wants position at
housekeeper for family of adults: desires a
good - home; small wages. MRS. ANNA
MERRYWEATHEB, Station K. city.
A FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes engage-
ments by the day. Address S37 Howard st.
AN elderly woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper; good reference. 608 Franklin at.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 22>c to $150 night; $150 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; Xre» 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Ca'I branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for the reception of. adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 12J3 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH oface for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOSl Va-
lencia »t.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALE.
GARDENER, married, steady man, wants sit-
uation on private place; understands the
greenhouse, run gasoline engine, can take
care of horse*, cows, handy with tools. Ad-
dress Gardener. 'San Rafael, Marin County,
Postofflee box 2S2
EXPERIENCED, reliable barkeeper (German)
wants position; country preferred: best of
references. Address box 472, Call office.
BUTLER, first-class, or valet, wishes position.
Addreaa box 471. Call office.
MAN and wife wish work; wife a good cook;
city or country-. Box 426. Call office.
YOUNG man. aged 23. wishes position of some
kind In business house; clerk by profession.
Address box 456, Call office.
YOUNG man, neat appearance, wishes position
afternoons. Address box 455. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanU steady work In
country or Rummer resort. Box 454. Call office.
AN energetic young man. temperate habits,
good business experience, desires posltton; can
keep books and be otherwise useful. Box 428,
Call.
YOUNG man of clerical ability who has even-
ings free would like to have ?ome kind of re-
muneratlve employment. Box 1851, Call.
ENGINEER, young, practical, used to any kind
of engine; also good machinist and pipefitter;
first-class references. Box 1SS1, Call office.
EXPERIENCED engineer and machinist, thor-
oughly understands his business, seeks posi-
tion In city or country; 15 years' experience
on thrashing machine and donkey engine;
knows how to repair. Address L. TRIST. 114
Elllc ft.
YOUNG assistant smith and helper wishes a
situation In a good shop with a chance to
learn; city or country: flrst-clasa references
furnished. Box 413. Call office.
WANTED— A position on fruit ranch by a
married man; competent to take entire
charge; wife a flrst-class cook and house-
keeper. Address box 443, Call office.
A SOBER, reliable man wants any. kind ot em-
ployment: speaks French and English; can
do housework. A. R., 914 Sixteenth st.. rear.
Oakland.
MAN and wife desire farm work": man Is
dairyman; wife la good cook. Apply 707B
Stockton st.
WANTED — By a thoroughly competent man. a
position ns head gardener in a private fam-
ily or rark: best reference. Box 1SS2. Call.
JAPANESE cook wants position In good fam-
ily. Address H. A.. 24S Ellis Kt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tic»ment« and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lrncla Pt. ' i
EXCHANGE.
STORE and flat; right in town: Installment;
mortgage $2500; equity worth $2500 for vacant
lot: cafih or arrangement. Box 445, Call office.
5-ROOM cottage; center of San 'Francisco; in-
stallments; mortgage $1100: equity worth $UV)0
for a clear building lot. Box 1894. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIAXS.
GEORGK MAYERLE. German expert optician,
1071V4 Market St.— Examinations free; German
eye water by mall. 60c. Phone Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NW. COR. Sutter and Scott; finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated if seen;
and flat NW. cor. Howard and Erie sts. Ap-
ply 1722 Howard St., drugstore.
10 TO 30 days free. A. M. SPECK & CO.
4 r.; new; 1421 Green. $2017 r. ; 793 Haight...$25 00
5 r.; nice: 215 Elm av 1M7 «".; 1610 Calif 35 CO
5 r. : 913 Buchanan... 14',7 r, ; 70S Hayes.... 37 50
100 other Huts, cottages, houses. SPECK &
CO.. 667 Market st. ' ¦ '
A— $12 AND $16- 2 new bay-window flats, 3 and
S rooms each; tubs; bath. 909 Folsom, nr. 6th.
BEST centrally located flats for small families;
nlco neighborhood; must be seen. Hanover
place, oft Sacramento et.. above Powell.
FELL. 624— Flats of 3 rooms and bath, $13;
also flats, 4 rooms, no bath. $9.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath, with or without
stable. 1619 O'Farrell st. .
HOWARD. 1133— Flat 4 nice sunny rooms; large
cellar: cheap rent.
IF you want to move get printed list flats to let !
from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513, near Eleventh— 6 large sunny
rooms; bath; yard and laundry: rent $18.
MODERN upper flat of 7 rooms and basement.
1135 Geary St.. bet. Van Ness and Franklin.
NEW corner flat; 7 rooms and bath; French
range. SW. corner Mason and Green.
PEARL 27,' off Market, near Valencia— $3; rear
upper flat of 3 sunny rooms.
SUNNY, modern flat— 6 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 1314 Green' St., near Polk.
SUNNY flat; 6 rooms and bath: all modern lm-
: provenients; large yard. 2E12B Howard St.
TURK. 307— House of 7 rooms: can be used by 2
families; rent reasonable. 820Vi Jessie sL
$6— NEW sunny fiat: . 3 rooms; yard; range;
water free; 23 Ho\ly at. : 50 feet from Mission
electric cars; opp. 33d 6t:; no children.
3 MODERN flats; ti and 7 rooms; yard: base-
ment: rent moderate. 1931. 1D35. 1937 O'Farrell.
$7— SUNNY upper rear flat; no children. 70B
Laskie Rt.. off Mission, , near Ninth.
7-ROOM fiat: corner: sunny: 2 bay windows; all
1 modern improvements-.' 417*4 Third st.
$9— SUNNY flat 3 rooms; 1320 .Te^sle st.. off
Hermann, near Valencia. Apply UMBSEN.
$25— Flat of "6 large rooms. 527 Thirteenth st.,'
near Market.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.'
A MOST desirable sunny 5-room flat, partlj
furnished; garden, basement, ¦ etc. : all mod-
ern conveniences. . 741 Castro St., near Twen-
tieth: references required.
FLATS "WANTED.
GOOD tenant wants upper flat of 6 r.; modern
.Imps.; rent reasonable. Address box 449. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $«S B0. with No.
7 range. Klnc Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 -Mnrk»t.
Flin.MTlJRE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture. ; carpets.
piano. , 1131 Market St.; telephone Jessie, 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773~MIsslon- st.. pay«
the highest price for, your 2d-hHm1 ¦ furniture.
W. E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry fis. Co.» buys
furniture, carpet*. 757 Mission: tel.. Red «3.
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
A REFINED nurse, grown children. . $25; must
understand music. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
.ter. Et. ¦ . ,)£,.¦• . . . .... .. ., ;¦ ----¦¦
A— 2 GERMAN cooks, $30 each: boarding-house
cook, $30; French cook. $6 per- week; -cook,
San Jose. $30. ; 2 in family; - housework,- Ban
. Mateo. $25; Belvedere. $20:, Alameda, $25;
. Yountville. . $15. fare paid : and . several other
towns; 20 housework girls," city, $25 and $20.
and a number of t young 1 girls to . assist, $10
to $15. - MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter at..
HELP WASTED- FEMALE.
C. R.' HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
......HOTEL DEPARTMENT...
Head waitress. $25; 3 waitresses, city, 120; 2
waitresses, resort, $20; 3 waitresses, first-class
commercial house. $23; 6 waitresses, different
hotels, country, $20; S chambermaids to wait,
city und. country.. $20, fare paid; 2 chamber-
maids, summer resorts, .J20; 2 women cooks,
institutions, $30 and $40; 2 fancy Ironers. $3U
and found, city and country.
............RESTAURANT ORDERS ....
3 restaurant waitresses, $8 and $7; 2 lunch and
dinner waitresses, $20; 2- lunch waitresses,
$3 60 and $3, . no Sunday work; pantry «rlrl,
$25; • dishwasher. $25; cook, reetaurant, $33.
•••.." FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl and assist with children, no wash-
ing,' small American family. $15; cook. Ameri-
can, family, city, $25; houseglrl. city (all
grown), $2i); German slrl, city, choice place,
$20; housegirl. small American family, on
ranch, short distance In country, $20; youns:
girl ' to assist in candy factory $3 week:
housegirl. Mill Valley, $20, see party here;
_gtliers._C. R, HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Chambermaid and waitress. $25, nice
country resort; 8 hotel waitresses. $20 $25; 5
chambermaids and waitresses. $15, $20, city
and country; 9 restaurant waitresses, $6, $7 a
week; cook, $30, short distance, see party to-
day; cook, 3 in family, no wash, $30; 8 cooks,
German, style, $25. $3t>: fancy lroner, $30. city
and country; :7 second girls, $20, country and
city: governess. $23; 4 nursegirls. $."0. $25;
chambermaid, is a v.-eck; a laree number of
girls, 120. $25. J. K. CIIOSETT &.CO., 316
Sutter Bt.
WANTED— Cook; small summer resort; $30; see
party at 11 a. m. J. F. CHOSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
WANTED— A middle-aced woman to assist in
cooking for 6 men on large ranch near city;
*lo per month and good home; no objection to
one child. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay ft.
8 GIRLS, gen. housework; $15 to $25.
2 NURSE girls; child; $20 to $25.
2 (1IR1-P; second work: $13 to $20.
3 COOKS: city; country; $25
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
STENOGRAPHER wanted— By a firm employ-
ing a number of young women in that capa-
city; applicant must be experienced in taking
dictation and in speed and be willing to start
• at the bottom of the ladder; compensation $30
per month, with increase every year; hours
from 8 to 12 and 1 to 6. Please give full par-
ticulars about previous experience and address
X. \. Z.. box 474. Call.
GOOD waitress; $5 a week. Apply 195 Tenth
street.
GIRL for light housework; no washing. 280S
Twenty-fourth st.
WOMAN to wash and Iron; hand laundry;
steady wcrk. 119 Corbett ave.. nr. DouB.a 5 s st.
WANTED— Younsr girl to assist with baby-
short distance in country. Call at 1110 Powell
street.
GIRL for general housework; small family; no
children. 1406 Mason at.
GIRL to flEslst In housework; small family
references required; small wages. Call be-
tween 9 and 12. 3'A Scott st. ,
WANTED — Girl for housework and cooking- $15
month. 1117 Van Ness ave.
OPERATORS and flniehers on gents' dress
shirts; steady work. Rogereon's, 635 Valencia.
SEAMSTRESS and apprentice wanted. 1313
Jackson st. .
WANTED- First-class wet cleaner. JOHN F.
SNOW & CO., 1623 Mission t-t.
YOUNG girl to assist; light housework; 2 in
family; sleep home. 706 Polk st. rooms 2 and 3.
WANTED— First-class pants finisher: also ap- I
prentice girl, paid while learning. 410 Kearny. j
FIRST-CLASS tailoressea on custom pants;
Bteady work; good pay. 411 ',j Kearny st .
top floor. *
EXPERIENCED hands en waists; also lm-
provers. 134 Spring Valley building.
WANTED— Young lady typewriter with her
own machine; neatness and accuracy re-
quired. Apply between 11 and 1 at 930 Market
St.. room 63.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at The Rosedale. 3"1
Kills st. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman or young girl; care for
2 children and sleep home; small wagee. Ap-
ply 1»97 Stockton st.
GIRL to assist In housework; small family
wages $12. 1413B MaBon st.
COMPETENT operator on bunting Hags. 3
_Hardle place, rocm 8.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats.
1170 Market st., room 36.
FIRST-CLASS cloak and suit alteration hands'
E. MESSAGER. 145 Post St.
REFINED girl, care for child 6 years old; call
this morning. 2203 Buchanan st.
HAIRDRESSER wanted: good wages. At
COSGROVE'S. 1416 Polk St.
WANTED— Experienced nurse girl, with refer-
ences. 2202 Jackson st.
TAILORESS on panti. 235 Natoma st, be-
tween Third and Fourth.
GIRL to assist in housework: small family;
good home;, references: $10 or $12. 614 Eddy.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist in gen-
eral housework. 2215 Bush st.
YOUNG girl for light housework; a good home.
328 Eddy st. .
A GIRL to do upstairs work. Apply Jefferson
Hotel, Harbor View.
WANTED— Girl to do general housework. Ap-
ply 32 Steuart st.
WANTED — An apprentice girl on custom coats.
927 Market St., room 623.
WANTED— Coat operator; good salary. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland. •
FIRST-CLASS finisher: one y.ho can make
buttonholes. 1103 Market st.
GIRL to assist with baby; gcod home. 1536
Sutter st.
GOOD finisher on coats; also girl to learn;
steady work. Apply WILLIAM T. VALEN-
TINE.-334 Geary St. y
EXPERIENCED young woman for cooking and
general housework: 4 - In family: $25 per
month; references required. NE. cor. Twenty-
fifth and Fair Oaka sts.
WANTED— Girl for second work and waltinr.
1307 Hyde St.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom-
made coats. 410 Kearny st., room 27.
WAITRESS— Nice, decent girl. Apoly at 443 I
Third Bt. '
GOOD tailoress wanted. J. DOLD, K3 Valen-
cia st.
WANTED— Ladles' clothes lroner; no night
work. Standard Laundry, 114 Hayes st.
—————————————— _ — __
GIRL about 16 to attend office and assist In
- laundry- Standard Laundry. 114 Hayes st.
GIRL to assist in. housework; no small chil-
dren; wages $10. 1527 Geary st.
GIRLS. . GIRLS. GIRLS.
Highest wages paid to sewing machine oper-
ators on LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overalls.
Apply at once to MR. DAVIS. 32^ Fremont.
LADIES -wanted— To learn barber trade; only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class: Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; hairdresslng taught In 4
weeks MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
WANTED— First-class buttonhole maker on
vests; extra good pay. 956 Mission st.
WANTED — Woman 'about 30; must be compe-
tent and of good appearance. Box 451, Call.
EXPERIENCED: tailores8 on coats: steady
work all year. 922 Seventh ft., Oakland.
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements ana* subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96 Va-
lencia ft. ¦
HELP WAXTED— MALE.
WANTED— Cook for dredger, $40; waiter for
nice country restaurant. $30; waiter, city, ho-
tel,- $25; second watter, city hotel, $20, and
others: pantryman for resort, near city, $"0
and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay «t.
WANTED— Man about private place, short dis-
tance in country.' reference required, $30 per
month and found; choremaii for gentleman's
place in country. $25 and id.; 15 haying hands
for different places near city, $1. $115 and
$1 25 per day and fd.: 6 milkers, $25 and $30;
milker and wife for dairy In Marin Co., $10;
man to run self birder on ranch near city.
$30 and fd.; choreman on ranch near city, $25;
stableman on ranch, $25; 4 more farmers for
flrst-i-lass, vineyard company., good steady
job,"$l 15 per day and fd. and office fee, $1;
10 laborer* for Fawmill company., $2S to $43
and fd and fare paid. W. D. EWER & CO,
610 Clay at. -
WANTED — Engineer for ' mine. $2 50 'per day-
amalgamator for gold mining company: see
party, at our efflce. W. D. EWER, 610 Clay.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel: Jessie 152.
.WANTED— Man Rnd wife- to work on fruit
farm near Petaluma: wages $30 per month
Apply 3625 20th st.. near Valencia. Wednesday
morning. : 11 , o'clock. L. E. THOMPSON.
WANTED— Steady man, with $75; can make $15
per week above expenses; light work: perma-
nent ; place. 101S Market st., room 10.
FIRST-CLASS ' ladies' tailor wanted. M.
¦• FEDER. Til , Post st.
WANTED— Two "' mattress-makers : at United
States Laundry, Sixteenth st.. near Valencia.
GOOD farmer can • find steady - all-year-ronnd
work, t Inquire Pacific Nursery, corner Baker
' «tiii Lojnhaxd ata. ¦ ~ ....
BUSYNESS CHANCES— •CONTINUED.
CANDY and lee cream parlor; Market eU; a
enap. COWING & CO.. 719 Market St. •
A COUNTRY hotel for rent In good town.
COWING. 719 Market St.
A CORNER downtown saloon; best south of
Market; enap. COWINO & CO.. 71» Market.
BRANCH bakery and candy store; living rms.;
cheap rent. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
CIGAR store on Market St.; bargain. COWING
& CO.. 719 Market Pt. * -
DELICACY store; fine location; cheap rent;
with rooms. COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
IGO0 WILL buy an old established butcher busi-
ness In Mission; cal! immediately. UROCIC-
ELHURST & MEGLEDDERY, 733 Market.
J2<i'iO WILL buy a first-class candy store. In-
cluding everything pertaining to the business;
located f.i the most prominent part of this
city. Particulars BROCKLEHURST & ME-
l GLADDER Y. 7M Market Bt.
A— $350: PARTNER wanted; mUFt be steady,
reliable man, satisfied with tiS to $20 a week;
no night or Sunday work; trial given before
buying. Apply at 9 Geary St.. room 2.
FOR SALE— Good stable, 40x60; 7-room cottage:
also very valuable mantel, cost $15U9;
fine Ftepplng-stone; 50 feet of stairs and rail-
ing: lit) loads of wood: large assortment of
lumber; 2Crt,000 bricks. At Donahue building.
Second and Bryant sts.
A— $100; HOME baker? for tale; a good living
and money besides; solid trade; near school.
S32S Twenty-second ft., near Valencia.
WELL established saloon, near Kearny and
Bush sts.; n.'uM be sold at onre. Apply BACH.
SIEESE & CO.. 221 Montgomery st.
IjOCKPMITH chop; established 15 years; good
location for good mechanic; cheap rent.
SZAN1K, 444 Valencia Ft.
BARBER shop for sale. 1-chair, worth {125, for
$00; make offer: party going to Oregon Thurs-
day. l'.-33 Mission st.
TO LEASE— Old establiehed brewer}-; fitted up
fcr Immediate operations. 217 Sacramento st.
ALL flrst-clas.« upholstery done cheap by the I
Job. day or month. P. JEXSKX, Sll Buah St. |
CIGAR stand; 117 O'Farr*U St.; must be sold; I
25 WINDOWS of class. Second and Bryant
streets.
FOR sale— Faloon in wholesale district. Inquire
W1CHMANN. LUTGENS & CO.. 318 Clay Bt.
J15O— PARTNER wanted In a downtown coffee,
saloon; good chance for steady man; will pay
170 mo. to ea. Cal. Investment Co.. 632 Market.
A GOOD paying grocery nnd bar; good loca-
tion; party going East. 219 Natoma st.
ANY one intending to make Berkeley his !
home for the purpose of eduoatine his fain- j
ily and at the same time receive an income of I
JKOO per year in an old established and re- |
fpsrtabl* business would do well to address !
M«\XWELL. P. O. box 3. lK>rin. Capital re- !
tjulred for the business about $2500 cash or, ¦
to include the property. $4000 additional, part j
of which would be exchanged for other good
property. N. B. — Principals only. j
HAY; grain, wood and coal business, $400; rent 1
J30'*; daily Bales. $20. Candy store?, t300 to {
I10W. Delicatessen!:, S150 to $1COP. Cigar stands ;
J225 to J4C0. L'ranch bakeries and groceries,
S300 uu. Marion Grtffla, 719 Market, nr. Call.
FOR sale in Oakland: a good-paying 3-story
hotel, furnished. 30 room? and 2 stores; corner;
establlFhfd 6 years; good title and location;
price I10.0C9; $3CC0 to $.'iOOQ cash required. Ad-
dress box S4, Alden Station. Oakland.
A— S30CG; CAFE and restaurant on Market St.. j
doing a large and profitable business; ro bet- !
ter location: only first -class trade; 5 years'
lease; a rare chance. Address box 4543, Call.
DO you want good paying dairy depot, clear- 1
ing more than- 12 per day? some delivery; on j
account of dejjartu;e; no reasonable offer ;
refused. Address J.. dot 1S31. Call office. !
PARTY leaving the city has for sale a tin and j
copper shop; also tte»l range; doing good ;
business: established 11 years. 411 Vs Caltfor- '
nia st.. EUGENE ROBINET.
DRUG store for sale or exchange for San Fran-
cisco property; a well-stocked, modern, paying
drag store In a nood mining town; cash trade.
Call at 730 O'Farrell ft., city. j
CHANCES srd oroortunitles to make money
without money: issued monthly at Sic or
ttamp fcr circulars. 2A. P. O. box 2464, S. K.
JS30— A WELL-PAYING business; good loca-
tion: stationery, n-jtions, bakery, candies, j
cigars, etc.: living rooms. F5ox 460. Call.
I HAVE a bakory store and restaurant for
sale: $1000 to $4000: no asrentp. T. W. WARD,
4T2 Fourtepnth Ft.. Oakland.
BAKERY store, 1101 Howard St.; 4 rooms; large
oven and tools to let low; location excellent.
FOR sale— $300; old-established watch repair-
ing and Jewelry store. Box 414, Call office.
BLACKSMITH Fhop for sale— Good business;
cheap rent. Apply by May 10, 4 Valencia st.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies; fine fix-
tures: paying business. 113 Sixth st. I
RESTAURANT for sale cheap: party going to I
Cape Nome. Apply 777'4 Market st. j
tZfS CASH— Paying business; rent free; store
and bar. 2CS Eleventh St.
FINE delicacy Btore for tale; cheap. 645 Mc-
Allister ct.
STATIONERY Ftore; good location; clean, new
Btock. Box 1S20, Call office.
GCOD route on this paper in Western Addition.
Apply at this office.
BARBER shop and cigar store for sale cheap,
account departure north. Box 1S79, Call.
PLUMBING shop, stock and shop tools; in good
location. Box 43J2, Call.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO., 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH cff.ee for Call advertisements and
eubtcriptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
LOUGING-HOLSES FOR SALE.
E6-ROOM house; 24 rocms furnished: rent $S0;
price *4o0. DECKER. 1020 Market et.
10 ROOMS; on Jones; clears $S3 $400
10 rooms; line corner; on Mission 450
10-room hou.=e house; new furniture 200
12-room house: on Post Et 400
100 rooms; r»»nt $i0; clears $200 1500
IS rooms on Third st 250
SO-room corner: 2 entrances; half cash.... 2000
8-room flat; new; elegant 600
IS rooms; on one floor: near Call office.. 650
I 27 rooms; on Howard Ft.; only $300 cash.. 400
) 25 rooms: on Market st.; worth $1200 800
10 room«: on Mason ft.: payments 450
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
TELEPHONE JOHN El.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market et.. opp. Fifth.
A BIG. new house, new furniture, full, ".
clearing $200 mo.; half cash; easy terms. .$1600 '
' 18 rr-oms; central: rent $40; clears $".0 KO ]
St rooms; 2 blks. N. Mkt.: rent $40: O. K.. 300 1
36 rooma on Mkt.: oak furniture: bargain. 1100 j
]» rocms: cor. on Post; gocd rconey-maker. llW) I
S rms.: full; rrnt $2$: clean: time on part 350 ¦
]."> rooms: nr. Mkt.: low rent: good bus... CV* I
; 37 rooms: full; 23 ( boarders; bon ton ]COC j
1 12 rooms; central: rent $65: money-maker. 700
32 rooms; rent $.>0; 6 Fteady boarders 500
JCO more'. I will lend you part on any house
MARION GRIFFIN. 71? Market, nr. Call big.
I R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market.
j 15 rooms: rent $50: near Stockton st $400
21 rooms; corner: mu<=t sell: offer wanted.
I 2% rocms; rent $60: Stockton st lino
I f» rooms: part cas-h: only icoo
1 Many other good bargains. '
1 CARRIAGES AXD WAGONS.
ALL kinds of wacons. butrsies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EAGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st!
j NEW & 2d-hand wagons, buggies, carts & har-
I ners. work & driving horses. 15th & Valencia.
I 'carpet iii;ati.\g and clua.mxg.
j WHl'K you become ditsgusted with poor work
I send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. 253-257 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40.
J SANITARY Carpet Cleaning and Dyeing Co..
342-344 McAllister St., phone south 146.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th tt.; tel. Mission 74.
I «.ITY Steam Carpet-beating Worka. G. H.
i STEVENS, rngr.. S8-40 Sth St.: tel. South 250. ;
i J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
I *E2 Stevenson St.: tel. South T2S; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 4c
J HTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie S44.
i ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
i CONKLIN"S Carpet-beatir.ir Works. 333 GolUta
j Gate ave.; telephone Kxst lie.
SPIRITUALISM.
AT^ENfT6Nl"™."rrr..'."r.T."T.^TiR^MavEl>:
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Meet Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Ycur Life From the Cradle
1 - to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To ths Sick 3-:scecUlly
Her assistance Is priceless. Her "Revealed :
M^dicinee," registered and cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart ami
nervous a flections. The wonderful cures which
the has xr.ade are the talk of the whole slope.
I WRITE
I If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
¦ tands have been made rich, happy and healthy
I without ever having come to see this wonderful
1 woman. Consultation by mall Is always suc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
Is kept tacredly confidential,
Address or call. MRS, DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
are.. Kast Oakland. Cal.
N..H.— Take S. K. broad-gauge ferry and ret
off at Clinton Station, aecond station from
Broad w»y. • . - • -
GO to WATSON the luckiest and truest occult
medium and palmist: 25c. 15S1 Market, nr. lZtb.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; I. 8
p. m. 34 McAllister st., r. 35; admission ISc
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. HARRISON, medium, 43 Sixth st.— Read-
Ings dally; satisfaction guaranteed; circle
Wednesday, 2 p. m., 10c; readings 60c and $1.
MME. YOUXG'SconvlncIng test circle to-night,
605 McAllister Bt.. 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. C. CORNELIUS, medium; 9A Sixth St.;
few days only; cut this out.
MRa WEST, trance, test medium and magnetic
treatments. 1206 Market St.. rooms lS-ls.
EDWARD EARLE. 330 Ellis St.— Seance Sun-
day and Wednesday evenings at 8 o'clock.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium, 1423 Mar-
ket. bet. 10th and 11th; clr. Mon.. 8 p. m.
MRS. J.J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business |
medium, life rendpr: sitting. Tl. 1104 Market.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ;
MRS. DR. CLARK.
THE WELL-KNOWN TRANCE MEDIUM.
PERMANENTLY LOCATED AV 205 TURK.
May be consulted on all affairs of life; while
entranced she reveals every hidden mystery;
she will show you liow to overcome your ene-
mies, remove family troubles, restore lost
affections, unHe the separated, recover lost
or stolen property: locates minerals; tells
your entire life while in a perfect trance:
satisfaction Guaranteed by mail.
F-end stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk st., near Jones;
hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily. 1
M.ME. LANOE, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; lias the great^t Egyptian
secret: Bhows picture future husband or wife; ;
fee 23c and up: satisfaction to everybody: open
Bundays. 1167 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader: readings 2ic; no sign.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and ;
palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 1119 Mission, i
LIKK readings with cards: ladies 25c, gents oOc.
13S2 Market, room 27. opp. Odd Fellows' bldg.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; gives best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St.. near Larkin.
I MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
I reader; German spoken. 921Vi Mlsslon,op. Mint.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, 'card reader;
elttlngs dally. 212^ Sixth st. __^
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Hourth st.
MMR SYBILLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's rlrM're. ?Se: lartiM. <>H O'Fnrrell St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
: J^_ n^.^_ r^_ r^ , -_ _._,- j-,_ -_-_-_-_-,_ r _- J ~- , ,.i-i.ro-u-t-ri_i-._r
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
lers successful, nrrnm 31ft °?7 Market »t.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
NEW cottage, 4 rooms, 83 Manchester st., oft
Folsom, $10. Key at 350 Preclta ave.
NICE cottage, 6 rooms and bath, cheap to good
tenant. 3103 Clay st.
SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms and bath. 2942 Fol-
fom st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. luOuiNS' ~dental parlors, 927
Market St.. over Cafe Zinkand — Teeth extract- I
ed without piiin by u^e of electricity, gas or
chloioform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from Jl up; other fillings from 00c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully .treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that tit from
f< 50 up; open i-venlnc* nr.d Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on ft rubbertfplate, Ji; a
full eet of teeth on a gold plate. i2Z; teeth
without a flate; crown and bridge work our
spec!plty: sec our flesh -colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years, flllincs. :'0c: crowns. $3 50: all work
jiainlers and warranted. CHICAGO DENTAL
PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DEXTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
without plafs our specialty; gold crowns
13 to up: p'.ates. extractions free, ft r.0 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 1^ p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell ?t.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4:
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no student*: guaranteed 12 year*.
FULL set of teeth, J5: gold crowns. $3: new
methods In bridge •work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver. COc; painless extraction, SOc; gas gives.
New York Dental Parlors. ?60 Mission. cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
eld plates made over like new: teeth from $S
per set: extracting, 50c: gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years: plates. $3: crowns.
SI. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
PARIS Dental I'arlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3: fillings, 25c.
METER. Deutscher Zahnarzt. 6 Turk; painiess
ext.. crowns, bridge work: open Sund. till 12.
VAN VROOM — "-Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOITNO. 1S41 Polk st.
- i DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELET'S C. P. mange cure and worm
tills: by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
MO Golden Gate ave.; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 2S7.
DR. BUZARD'S Dop Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; all
animals treaterl: docs boarded. Tel. West f.36.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL'S is the place to learn practical
dressmaking; l^te patterns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught 411 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 387 Geary st.; dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect lit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. AH kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
———————
A— GALLAGHER-TARR United Schools. Par-
rctt building; Gallagher. IS years official re-
porter, shorthand department; Tarr, expert
accountant, bookkeeping dep't: a school con-
ducted by experts; call or send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, ' telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc.: new SO-page catalogue free.
I AYRES', the leading business college, 723 Mar-
I ket: bookkeeping, shorthand, typing; life
I scholarship. $50; day and evening; catalogue.
1 ALL students but two taking full course this
j yenr got positions. SAN FRANCISCO 13USI-
I NESS COLLEGE. 1216 Market ft.
{CALIFORNIA Rusinees College. 305 Larkin st.:
the coming school: thorough: up to date: all
branches; positions secured for graduates.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1864.
VAN DKR NAILLEN SCHOOL. S33 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mail; ac-
knowledscd by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. O. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
VIOLIN, mnndolln. guitar. PROF. MERKI,
IOCS Mission; annual concert May 16. 421 Post.
ADULTS ami children taught English branches;
Individual Instruction: day and eve. 334 Hyde.
LOOKKEEP1NG practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bldg.
ESP1NA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; >3 mo. 102* Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLO YSIEXT OFFICES;
A— JAPANESEtciflNESK ConTrlcTorTnd^Ern-
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O"Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Po«t St.; telephone Hush 135.
ORPHETJM Employment Ortlce— Japanese, Chl-
r.eye help. 42<5 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE ar.d Chinese employment otnee;
best help furn.; tel. John 2121. SO6V4 Stockton.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 41IH OTarrell St.: tel. East 42«.
UNION Japaneye-Clilncse Employment Office —
Bert help. 417 Powell st.. telephone Clay $«.
E.M1»LOVj1E.\T WANTED — FEMALE.
A COMPETENT German laundress desires sit-
uation; best city reference; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS Danish cook desires' sltua-
tlori: l>e?t of references; city or country.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS second girl with 7 years' refer-
ence desires a situation; city or country J
F. CROSETT & CO.; 316 Sutter st.
YOUNG German lady wishes situation to do
upstairs work. 43) Third ft.
NEAT German Kirl wants a place for upstairs
work and sewing. 1710 Geary st.
GERMAN woman wishes to do housecleanlng-
II 2j per day. MRS. HILS. 1C30 Howard st.
YOUNG lady wishes to be companion to In-
valid; good references. Address box 427, Call.
WOMAN of experience would like, a situation
• as chambermaid or housekeeper : in hotel ¦ or
lodging-house.. 766 Folsom st.
LADY desires position to tend stationery and
book store; some experience. Box 433,- Call.
WOMAN want* work by day; terms 85c; city
references. Box 475, Call office.
KELP WANTED— M A LEI.
WANTED— Man of good character; dell-rer and
collect for old established manufacturing
house; $300 a year and expenses guaranteed.
Address MANUFACTURER, third floor, S3i
Dearborn St.. Chicago.
WANTED— An excerienced and ¦ober all-round
cook: must be good baker also; wafts $50 per
month and found to besin with. Address Re-
ception. Wadsworth. Nev.
BARBERS— About $CCO required for unusually
fine opportunity to open a hotel and barber
shop in new town in San Joaquln Valley:
building can be had for $20 month: don't m'.aa
this chance. P. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor; good wages for
steady man. 324 Georgia st.. Vallejo. Cal.
MAN to open oysters and make himself gener-
ally usetul around the kitchen. sJa.'s Zink-
and. tZ7 Market St.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season; only
Institution In the world teaching this trade;
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. S33
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER, first-class workman, wants position
In country or Oakland. Box 4573. Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waitinc; 2io
to 50c. 562 Mission *t.. bet, lat and -M sts.
MEN to learn barberfng and hairdresslng at 8.
F. Barber School. "41A Howard St.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per weelc. at
cash prices. X. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen and green hand*:
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. M Steuart.
BOY 14 to 18; make himself generally useful
In factory. 713 Market «t.. room 15.
PENSIONS — GEO. D. CAMPBKLL. lawyer: U
years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WANTED— Recruits for the United State*
Marine Corps, U. S. nary; able-bodied, un-
. married men. of good character, between ths
ages of -21 and 35 years: not less than S feet
4 inches and not over S feet 1 Inch la height:
must be citizens of th« United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens: able to read. wiit»
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Offlre 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
S3f> K St.. Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Valet: Edward Lanser preferred.
Address WM. I. PlXLEY. corner OTarrell
and Powell sts^
ALL sizes men 1 * shoes, slightly damaged, hali
price. S62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 70O rooms. 25c night: reading room; fre»
'bus and baggage to and from the *»t.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per weait.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmora »t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription"
received Rt Call branch office. 220O FlUmorn st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 122t Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Cail advertisement.* and
subscriptions has been established at 109i Va-
lencia «t
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggiea.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Ma-icet.
in Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
£0 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1«21
and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched b'aclc teams.
BUSINESS horse, ranch horse. 5 sets business
and wa?nn harness; also 5 wagons, cheap. 21
City Hall av^
FOR sale— Fin* doctor's team; 9 and 7 year*
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent.. 605 Golden Gate av.
J. M. CANTY has removed his 2"0 hors-» t?
] 2170 Market St.: Castrn-*t. cars ra' 1 '' 'he donr.
HOl'SKS TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. U MBS EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LACUNA. 1713-1717— S menu earh and bath,
modern, sunny: convenient; rent reJuceiL
HOUSE-;— SUBURBAN.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— Summer home; JO
acres; 12 rooms; completely furnished: bath,
piano, horses, carriages, barn; reasonable to
responsible party. Particulars tall T. M.
SILVEY. £24 Market st.
LOST AXD FOIAD.
LOST— Locket containing 2 pictures, at Harbor
View or Unlcn-st. cars; monogram "A. H";
reward. 22 Silver st.
LOST— Gold be!t at Tlvoll, with Chlness Bold
letters: rewarrl. 320 Eddy st.
LOST— A gold bangle with a heart. Return, to
14J0 Sacramento *t. ; reward.
FOUND— Female greyhound. Apply 1033 Va-
lencia it.
MEDICAL.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' specialist: safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can ba used at
home; consultation free. Write or call at
1023U Market st.
DRS. GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' phy-
slclan. formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned
from Europe with advanced knowledge: treat-
ment $5: 15 years' successful practlc* in 3. F. :
maternity home; low fees. ICC? 1 ! Market St.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.
practice: home tn confinement: treatment at
office $5; any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Pest St.. bet. Hyde and Larki.i.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1035 Market; ladles' spe-
ciallst: treatment at office. $5; consultation
free; hours 19 to 8. Phone Jessie 257.
DR. F. FRANK and MRS. ANDERSON. ladW
physicians; reliable specialists; treatment. $3.
1019 Lacuna st.
DR. and MRS DAVIES. 12C8 Market: ladles*
physician; chronic diseases treated; lat<»
scientific methods: treatment. $5.
PRIVATE confinement home: best care: phy-
sician; English and German spoken ; terms
reasonable. S2S Castro St.. near 7th. Oakland.
MRS. DR~ KOHL, ladies' specialist— Treat-
men at office, $5; consultation free. 1123 Mar-
ket St.. bet. Mason and Taylor.
DR. NO TOT KEE. late of Canton. China; dls-
eases of all kinds cured; herbs and teas; sani-
tarium. 734 Sacramento. cor. Kearny; advice fre*.
VI-VI-DR. WISF, & CO., the ladles' ipeclal-
lsts. HIS Market St.: $5 up.
MRS. SCHWARTING. mldwlfa; private borne
In confinement for ladles. S10 Eddy St.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
- female specialist: home or office treatment. $3.
DR. and MRS. M. WF.G EN ER— Private hora»
In confinement. 1312 Holden Gate ata.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dla-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MEDICATED OATHS.
_- *
ANIDIOSI3 Baths cure rheumatism, eczem*
and all nervous troubles: ladles' department
removed to "The Bellevue." Van Ness ave..
opp St. Ignatius, room 22. front: no signs.
Address for booklet. DR. CON'ANT. 47 Post.
METAPHYSICS.
GRADUATE of National School Mental. Mag-
netic healing. Dr.Lasswell.lt McAUIster.r.Ii.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOIt SALE.
BOILERS,* engines. 21-hand machinery. Mc-
IXTOSH fc WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents rear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shaftins. pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. SIS Spear St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, store and office furniture and
fixtures; new and second hand; w« always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
32 complete outfits on our floor, ready mad»;
we can shi:> everything in 2* hours. J. NOO-
NAN. 1017. 1013. 1021. 10^ MHsion «t.. abova
Sixth: write for catalogue.
CHICKENS for sale; 1 dozen laying hens; also
5 hens with 1 dozen young chicks each and an
Incubator; all or separately. BAILEY 1725
Ninth st.. near Wood, West Oakland. *
FOR sale — About 40 or 50 gallons good country
milk. Country Dairy. 507 Sixth at.. Oakland.
A NICE diamond stud for $3 at UNCLE ILVU-
RIS". 15 Grant ave.
MAGIC lanterns, new and fecond-hand- movlni
pictures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 ' Post st!
WHISKY for family or medicinal use- 4 full
quart bottles, expressage prepaid. $3 20: noth-
ing on case to Indicate contents; twice th»
price could buy no better; mall orders solic-
lted. V. EPHRA1M & CO.. IS Montgomery.
BU . 1^2 I d° w f 1(> rooms and bath to be removed
5Kn- ,5 usl i, st - Inc iuire of EDW. K. PEAR-
SON. IS! Folsom st.; tel. Jessie 13S3.
ONE extra fine quality, double, 1 outer and I
Inner, 2 compartments, fire and burglar proof
bank vault: made In sections for convenience
in snipping and tor setting up; will sell at a
bargain for cash, liox ISSO. Call office.
CHEAP— 12-horsepower engine and boiler; 3
steam pumps; Buffalo wagon scales; farm
bell: camping wagon. 1603 Geary st.
BARBER fixtures and furniture; 2-chalr outfit
complete: must be sold at once at a> aacztflca.
Inquire room 611, Call bide.
HELP WAJfTEP MALE.
MAN and wlfa on ranch, souta, $40. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter at.
A— THIRD cook, mine boarding-house, J35 and
found; 2 waiters and roustabout, same mine,
634-636 d Cla "^ fOUnd - MURRAY & READY.
A-1IURRAY & READY Phone Main 534S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
...WANT 1 A. M. TO-DAY
a men to handle and truck grraln.. $2 90 day.
Tree fare; blacksmith, sawmill Co.. .$60 &. fd
A-FREE FARE S. p. R. R_ PASS
25 laborers, R. R. work
.25 teaimters, R. R, work; we ship Monday...
• FOR GOLD AND SILVER MINES
2a miners, single hand and machine, $75 and
VJO; furnace men $5; and $60
32 laborers, no experience required. $60 and fd
o<> muckers 175 and J6O
175 laborers, city and country, Jl 75 and |2
flay; 250 teamsters, city and all parts of Cal..
Jl ij and $2 day and $30 and $35 and found; 10
laborers. Alameda Co., 2ic fare. .$33 and found
10 2 and 4 horse teamsters, free fare, see boss
here
FARMS, IJAIRIKS ORCHARDS, STABLES.
Buggy washer. $03 : 8 stablemen, city and
country. $50. $40, $35 and $25 and found; 150
farm, orchard and vineyard, hands. $25 to $15
and found; milkers, city and country. $30 and
$35; butter makers, choremen, etc.; gardener;
25 haymakers. $1 25 day
li» men or strong boys to pull rhubarb and
work among vines, hoe. etc.. 417 50 and found.
SOc. fare
farmer and wife, Sonoma Co $40 and found
sheepherders, chore boys.....
FRUIT PICKERS .:
10 men or strong boys to pick cherries and
work in fruit .-....$30 and found
WE PAY YOUR FARE TO SAWMILLS
• ; AND WOODS
25 common laborers, no experience required.
$2€ to $19 and found; also lumber pliers; bark
peelers, $40 and found; crosscut sawyers, Jack-
screwere. band sawyers, screw turnera, gang
edgermen. in fact we want help of every de-
scription for sawmills, woods, etc., $30. $75,
$W>, il.'O. $30, ?5o. $10. $30 and lound; 3S4 wood-
choppers, tiemakers, tools and food found,
some at mines, $3. $2 60, $2, $1 60, $1 and 7ic
cord
wheelwrights and woodworkers, $2 50 day and
$45 and found ". ¦.
blacksmiths, also helpers. $30 to $60 and found
5 drillers and hammermen $2 day
machine blacksmith. $3 50 day;. carriage trisi-
mer; 3 boys to work In machine shops. .$1 day
MISCELLANEOUS
'Grocery clerk, country store, $10, see boss
here; young man for butcher shop. $23 and
found; 2 young men, drive bakery wagons, $20
and found
boy to drive delivery wagon, city. $5 week
•and board; young man, drive butcher wagon,
$25 to $30 and found
FOR OTHER POSITIONS TOO NUMEROUS
TO ADVERTISE, come down and read bill
boards. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— ALL-ROUND butcher, country $30 and fd
A— HOTEL, LAUNDRY and other help
IS cooks, city and country hotels, restaurants,
etc., $60, $40 and $33 and found
ranch cooks, $15 to $25 and found
second and third bakers, also helpers; porter,
city and country; 10 waiters. $25 and $30 and
found: ironers, country laundries, $25 to 4 '.5
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 GEARY ST.
Wanted, for the Coast Raldroad. free fare,
rock laborers $2 a day
rockmen $2 a day
teamsters $2 a day
men to build fences K a day
FRKE FARE FREE FARE
10 more laborer? for railroad company work,
$2 a day, free fare
20 laborers and teamsters for railroad work
in San Luis Obispo County, free fare
2i> muckers for mine, $2 50 a day: 10 muckers
$2 a day. fare advanced; 30 woodsmen, lumber
pllera and laborers for sawmills and woods,
$26 to $33 and board, fare advanced; 20 farm-
ers, $23, $2i> find $30; horseshoer, fcO; milkers,
chcremen and others. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— COOK and 2 helpers, country hotel. $30 to
$1CO; short order cook, country. $40 and fare
advanced, see boss here; 10 cooks. $30 to $50;
baker, country shop. $45; night steward, res-
taurant, $40; C waiters, $30 to $30; 20 dish-
washers, potwashers and kitchen hands. $20
to $30.- C. R. HANSEN &^CO., 104 Geary st.
6 BLACKSMITHST^WO and $60 and $3 to $4 a
day: todlmaker. $3 day: 3 cabinet-makers.
$2 75 day; 2 miners. $2 50 day; mucker. $2 a
day; 1C0 laborers and woodsmen. $2S to $40 and
found and $2 a (lay; laborers for brickyard,
$30 and board, free fare: slop brick molder.
$U day; woedchoppers. $1 25 to $2 cord; 180
bark peelers. $40 and board: carriage painter.
53 day. J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 62S Sac-
ramento st.
GARDENER and wife. $50 and found; man
and wife, private family. $50: 5 stablemen,
$25, $30 and $35 and found: 3 gardeners, $25,
$30 and $C5 and found; farmers; milkers. $25.
%2% and $30. and many others. J. F. CRO-
SETT AGENCY. 62S Sacramento st.
"WANTED— Night cook, $12; night steward. $12
week; 2 waiters, $35: night cook. $7 week; 2
elevator boys, $4 week; dishwashers, vege-
table man. potwashers, scrubbers, bellboys,
other restaurant and kitchen help. J. F.
CROSETT. 623 Sacramento st.
COMMERCIAL gardener: $30 and found and
advance: country. BUSINESS WOMAN'S
CLUB. 927 Market st.
I JAPANESE cooks; city: country: $15 and $20.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market «,t.
RANCH hand: year 1 !? jobi $20 and found".
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market st.
1 CARRIAGE blacksmith: ~~~ ~~~
1 CARRIAGE blacksmith's helper.
BUSINESS WOMAN'S CLUB. 927 Market St.
MILK wagon driver; Scandinavian preferred;
wages $30. 145 Noe st.
WANTED— Experienced manager: stockrooms
In large general merchandise business; must
be familiar with office duties. Answer, stat-
ins references and experience, box 463. Call.
BARBERS— Four-chair shop at a bargain. Ap-
ply, from 3 to 6. 911 Larkin st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at 1581 Valencia
street.
WANTED— Bushelmen at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Errand boy, 15 or 16 years, at RA-
PHAEL'S.
BARBER: young man. 763 Mission st.
A CHOREMAN; must be able to milk. Apply
Jefferson Hotel, Harbor View.
WANTED— Walter at restaurant, 11U Market
St.; wages $7 a week.
GOOD, steady barber wanted. «23 Clay at.
WANTED— A man and wife on ranch. Ad-
dress box 1848. Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted at 204 Sixth at.
WANTED— Second cook; also a kitchen man.
U. S. Hotel. 123 Eddy st. % '
COMPOSITOR wanted at Hayes Valley Print-
ing and Stationery Company. 310 Hayes at.
WANTED— A good second cook at 43 Third st.
WANTED— A good steward; must have ref-
erences. Address box 452. Call office. :.
SHOEMAKER on repairing at 1633 Devlsadero
St.. near Post.
WANTED— Chief cook and waiter for reatau-
rant. 175 Fourth st.
HONEST boy to act as cashier. Address
box 1S47. Call office.
WANTED— Two waiters at th« Golden West
Hotel. 6S-76 Ellis st. ; ..
AN experienced milk-wagon driver wanted.
1403 Devlsadero St.. near Geary.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 12C5 Flllmore at., near
Turk.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 1507 Markat St..
near Eleventh; good place.
MAN to make beds and help In kitchen. 807
Mission st.
WXNTED— Waited. 607 Clay at.
WANTED— A good barber. Call at 613 Adeline
street. Oakland.
WANTED— Coat operator; good salary. M. J.
KELLER CO.. Oakland.
MAN waiter, $3); livery stableman, $25. MRS.
CATTELL. 625 Eighth St.. Oakland.
BOY wanted to learn the. blacksmith trade and
horseshoeing. 323 Noe st.
WANTED — Handy man for restaurant. 711
Mission st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at 217 Sixth
street.
COOK wanted at 613 Clay at.
TWO Kcod barbers wanted for Wednesday and
Saturday at 407 Bush st.
BARBER shop in good mining town; ahavlng
25c; for sale at a bargain. DECKELMAN
BROS.. 1C6 Ellis st ; _
BARBERS— Lcng-estab. shop for sale cheap;
best reasons. 427 San Pablo, ave.. Oakland.
BARBER'shop for sale; cheap; owner leaving
! city. 44 O-Farrell st. .
WANTED— Sober, married man iin business
house doing cleaning and all-around work;
German preferred. Box 454, Call office.:'
WANTED— Coatniiker or good bushel man; man
who understands his t»»le- steady Job; youns
mwn preferred.' J. F. ENGLISH. San Mateo.
WANTED— A good driver. for butcher cart; $25
a month and found. Apply 331S Mission »t.
BOOTBLACK wanted at 736 Market st.
WANTED;— A good cake baker. 111-113 Larkin
; street. -
BARBERS— Wanted second-hand modern flx-
turea. IOCS. Mission St.. above Sixth.
TO. tailors— Reliable lessons given by experi-
enced cutter: satisfactory references given-
t«rnr xfatnnahla. Sox 4,; S3. Call.
MAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE ef the Ban Fraarfteo
Call, corner ot Market and Third ftreeta. open
eatfl 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
rcmer Clay: open until 8: JO p. tn.
•00 Hayes street; open until S:39 p. m.
K3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
IIS Larkin rtreet; open until 1:30 p. ra.
1*41 Mission atreet; open until JO p. in.
Sa Market rtreet. corner Sixteenth: opes
T-Etll * p. in.
SO* Eleventh rtreet: ©pen until t p. m.
XW« Valencia street;, open until f p. m.
X29 Polk rtreet: cpe'n until S p. m.
JXorthwert corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tocky ftreetf; open" until > n. m.
MRETING NOTICES. *
PACIFIC Lmdc* No. 1SS. F. and A. M.. ft
in Eddy d.. mwti THIS EVENING. Jf\-
7:S0 o'clock. 2 D. TLJ^
GEORGE rENLINGTON. Bee t^r
'ORIENTAL. Lodge No. 344. F. and A. *
il.— First o>*r.>e THIS (TUESDAY) J^
JZVENIXG. at 7:33 o'clock. jLlt
A. S. HUBUARO. Secretary- fW>
OERilANIA Lodge No. 116. I. O. *f*£4£<Ze>
O. F.— The f^::!i-i^l cpir.mittee. : yT-J^-N^-
efflcers and membt-rs are Invited -£J~££*£~?
to attend the funeral of our late "fl" 1
troih^r. H. A. WEHEBR. TUESDAY. May S.
ct 1:20 o'clock, from O id Fellows' Hall, cor-
ner Market and Seventh ets.
A. WAGNER. ST. G.
EMIL NIEMEIEn. Prot. Sej^
BT. ANDREW'S 6OCIF.TT— Thirty- v X? St.
•evratli iinrMi&J i>icnic will take /i iTj
place at Kairfax Park, near San ''sKXJ&t
Rafael, en SATURDAY. May 12.
Boata leave Fausalito ferry at 7, 9:30. 11 a. m.
end 1:45 p. m.; iciurnltig trains leave Fairfax
fct 4:S5 an<5 5:25. Ticket*. iOc; children. 21c; to
te had Irr-m m"mherf.
WILLIAM BALXAVES. President.
A. It- PATTERSON, Secretary.
U.KNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholder* cf the Hutchlnson Sugar
. Plantation Company will be held at the efflce
«f the company. S27 Market rt., San Fran-
elaco, Cal., on Tuesday, the Sth day of May.
1M0. at the hour of II a. rr... for the purpose
ef electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as nay come before the meet*
Inc. Transfer books ¦will close on Friday,
April 27. 1900. nt 3 p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Acting Secretary.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
AGENTS Wanted— Good thing, good sales, rood
profits ar.d rood chnr.re for rieht men. Ad-
dress, with etarr.p. F. IV. BLANCHARD. Be-
ttlcla. Cal.
SXPEMENCED building and loan agent*.
Room 1406. <-|»u« ypr»<-kels pullCinc.
ASTItOLOGV.
FROF. A. MAbERY cf Egypt, greatest astrol-
ociet and palmist in the world: eatlsfactlcn
*Tuarantee<l. 15 Powell st.
¦ '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
JLDVICE free; divorce law a epecialty; private;
no fee without rucceep; ••ollections. G. W.
HOWE, att'y at law. S30 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no eharpe unless successful. TV.
W. DAVIDSON. '.'27 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
Xa E. CLARK. F.mma Spreckels bldp., M7 Mar-
ket st.: ccn-uliatiin free: no fees in advance.
nATil CAIIIMiT HOT AIR. VAPOR.
ItOIJINPON CS 4-panel folding; door opens; firm
and ?afe. W. H. IJROWN. gen, agt.. 41'6 Ellis.
BELGIAN' HAKIMS.
CLAKCiJONT BELGIAX HAKE ASSOCIA-
TION.
TTe have wrurel FAFHODA PRINCE (Imp.).
ton cf Champion FashO'!a. fee $15; also
ROYAL ROCHDALE, sorf of Rochdale, fee
J10. lioes shipped us by express for service !
will receive careful attention. i
Hieh-clafs :ioet.. bred and unbred; does with
I'.tters and younpsiers of best strains; all
classes of animals at reasonable prices.
. TV. n. THOMAS. •SWG TeVgxaph ave., opp.
Terr.ercaJ power house. O.-.k!ar.d.
ffO Dealers— V.'e are prepared to furnish you
with fill grades of animal?, both lro».irted and
domestic, at price-? that will be sa«..,..actcry. |
In addition to our present large collection I
we have 'SO animain due ca the 10th lnst.. di- '
rert from rr.gland.
Call at onr-e and F«*cure the choice ones. I
CALIFORNIA BELGIAN HARK ASSOC1A- |
TION. Alameda. <"al.: tel. Grand ISM. I
!THE largest and best-equippei rabbitry north ]
cf Los Ancclcs; imported Belgian hares;
wholesale and retail; fashionable strains cf
Imported bucks end does always on hand:
rurse does; a full line of rabbitry supplier
GOLDEN GATE BELGIAN HARE CO..
CCS-U1 Golden Gate ave.. S. F. ; tel. South
€SL IRA BARKER DALZIEL. Proprietor.
•THOROrCHBRnO Belgian does, bred to Royal i
Sovereign, fio to JTj; to Emperor of Norfolk. !
$20 to J»0; to Ajax (highest-scoring buck in !
America*. " ¦ to 150; younpsters. all strains 6 j
¦week?. BSD; 30 week?. $3 JO; 3 months. $5 and '
37 E0. Kenwood Rabbitry. £3'j 14th ft., Oakland.
$OSS Rabbitry. CSi:. Howe «.. Oakland— Thor-
oughbred IV-l^i?n bares, breeding does; young- i
tters for rale frorn the following drains; Vu- I
icon. Ixjrd Rochoaie. Klondike Nugget and ¦
Red Sovereign; Uritish King at eervice; vis- j
ltcrs Wf-lcome; take Mountain View cars.
TOR sale— Pe<Jicrped Ilelgian har»s; from $3 !
upward. MARKET-ST. RABBITRY W C
BENTHAM. Proprlr-tor. 1S3? Market et. '
JKDIUItErD stock— All popular strains; Lord '
KaFhoda Chi«f (imp. t and other grand sires at
__fstud. Eureka Rabbitry. 1C16A Turk; vis. wel.
ffREMONT BELGIAN HARE CO.. 2134 FUN I
more «.. Pan Francisco. Cal. Send 6 centa '•
In Pianos ior book on care and feeding. ;
MRS. A. M. Cl'SH. official Judge of Beltrtan
hares. Address for one week. Golden West
Hotel. San Fra-nclsco.
3"HE Encinal Rarbitry. Ilaslett &. Bew. 123
Grand rt., Alameda.: correspond, solicited.
DOOKS^-XEW A>"D OLD.
•CHOOL HOOKS bought and i
Hr.'ri«. TVnk <•«.. rr.» Mi««ton «t. near Third. |
BOOT AM> MIOE IIARUAI\S.
BARGAINS. lacUes-^nXc^JldTen^T^n^esTdrum-
roers' tamrleg mfg. cost. Kohlbecher. 145 4th.
J : 1
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
X— *450; SALOON, with Irving rooms; estab.
many years and good paying place; on Sixth
et.; low rent. Call R. <j. WILKE. 906 Market, j
X— R50; DELICACY and candy store; choicest
location on Mission St.; rent }25; living rooms; j
£aily receipt*. t-«: place must be cold at once;
owner to leave the city. Call R. G. WILKE.
SC6 Market st.
X— &>G0— CHOPHOL'SE and restaurant; estab-
lished in years; rent I^i; opp. R. R. depoi;
a, FSlend id chance nnd a good paying busi- :
pegs. Call It. O. WILKE. »C6 Market st.
X— t!C0: CORNER saioonTl block from Market
and sts.; net rent t(Z; a gx>od-paylnr
end old-estabhfcSied buhlr..-»ss. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. Ktf Market Et. |
X —$4000; liEST located saloon on Market rt.;
wfth 7 club ar.d ladies' rooms and fine
irrounds: rlar* Is known over the V. S. and
Europe and flcln^ a larp«\ iiro3tab!e business.
Particular* R. *'.. WILKE. 1>J6 Market »t.
X— J2tOC— PARTNER wanted in best-located «a- •
lorn on Market n.; i<lace open day and night;
tfoinc a :irst-c!a5s. paying business; owner
wants a suod, honest man lor assistance. Par-
ticulars U. G. WILKE. Ki« Market et.
A— J90C- BAZAAR and notion store, with 3 fine '
llvlns room*; rents fS! H: a eood paying burl- i
tifti. stock t&lucv the price: bf-st location on '
principal rtreft. K. G. WILKIC. &0« Market, j
A— ?18OO— BA K ERY on leading business street;
Western Addition: tent $6i; 3 horses, wagon;
2 new ovens; baking 3'4 barrels per day; elck-
r.ees ciuw ol tale. See R. G. WILKE, K* i
Market «t. !
X— CTOOO— CORNEK grocery and bar, with four
living rooma: rer.t'Jid; 3 years' lease; the best
corner on Mind on st.; place dplne a good
paylEU cafh in^lnes*; full value In eight.
Call R. G. WILKE. K< Market tt.
K0rx>— PL'IJLIC dance hall; paying business;
will exchange for ho-jpe and lot or vacant
lots. Apply tn 11. C. DECKER. 3K» Market.
31 POOL table* and 2 billiard tables. Bruni"-
wlck tr.ske. »ro<v* as r.ew. to exchange for
real estate: this 1* a lln« chance for parties
trolng to Nome; the tablet* cost $231 each
Apply to H. r. DECKER. 10S0 Market st.
$3S<*— BRANCH bakery, ntstlonery and candy
ptore; barcain. McLAl'GHLIN & CO 777U
Market st. •' *
fltt>— PARTNER wanted; light Indoor business;
wT!l n»y «>ver J60 per month yearly, ilc-
LAUGHL1N & CO.. 777'i Market »t.
tfJO— BARBER shrp: 4 chairs; well established-
barcain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777V4 Market.
J17S— SALOON; fine location; rent paid till June
16: Belling, departure. BAKILE. 3 Eddy st.
X — 1150 — PATtTNEFt wanted in a cash bualners:
established 14 yean: puaranteed to clear $75
per month to each; half cash, balance out of
profits of business. 1016 Market et., room 10.
$£000— FOR Rale— Junction Hols?, east of Hay-
¦ward*. «F«r particulars apply at SIEIJK
BROS. *- PUGEMANy, 2=2 ganmme. »t.. 8.
F-, or T. C. Armstrong, real "estate agent.
Haywards.
WILL exchange dear residence lot In Chieags
Fuburb for (rood upright piano or. for. furni-
ture. Address bo= <.j7. Call office.
J100 — BAltlSER thop for sale in country; hy-
draulic chair: cood location. Address box
4;S. Call efflce.
JXDR aale— On easy terms, or would take part-
ner, to start a rabbitry and chicken ranch;
45 minutes from Oakland, near station. For
Information address box 470. . Call offlca.HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
T O Price. New ZealdID Riddell. X T
H K Duncan, OaklandiJ Schram, Chicago
Mrs Duncan, Oakland I Mrs Schram, Chicago
Mrs P Wftteon. Cal |P Borkowgkl. China
Miss Watson, Pasaden,O Bruckmeyer. Chwa
IV E Cleasser, NY |P W Morse, China
MrsJ R Fltzpatrlck.PaiV Flint Jr. San Juan
Miss ME Kitzpatrlck,|N Claypool, Indiana
Pa Mrs Claypool, Indiana
Miss M J Fttzratrick, Miss Claypool, Indiana
• Pa Irft y Claypool, Indiana.
W F Hamman, Oro Agnes Claypool, Jnd
A F Jones, Oroville Dr B E Miller. Ptld
K Duncan. Los Ang G W Bush. Stanford
J Law. Colorado Dr Henderson. Denver
H B 'Wood, San Jose Mrs Henderson, Colo
Mrt» Wood. San Jose Mr Rodgers, N Y
II Cable, San Jose Mrs Rodger*. N Y
C Loetscher, Iowa . C B Bassett, Minn
; A H Atherton, • Boston T f^akammra, Japan
J E Pitts. Cincinnati ,T T Williams. S Rafel
W K Wolf. N Y Mrs Williams, S Rafal
It J Small. Hacto W Foster, Boston
It H Miner, Loa Ang J R Gilbert. Mont
1 JIrs Miner, Lo? Ang Mrs E E Spencer, Chg
J A Hannah, Visalia 'J F Brooks, Chicago .
I" F Thomas, Portland L A Beaumont, Cal
t ; a Herring. Portland; B A Pratt-Barlow.Cal
J W Kaj'mond. New Zj
p f} Weber, SU Louis II S Behr, London
C K Porter. Los Ang C Grannand. N Y
[, Orannand. N Y Mrs Grannand, N T
r F Behr. London MIf8 A Keely, N T
Tjr W J Torritbon. NT
GRAND HOTEL.
J N Kaiith, Stkn C S Davis, S Diego
T Williamson, Tacoma R \\ Dell. Manila
C WllliatnHon, Tacoma « Leonard. Denver
Mesa G Poor. Cal Mrs J Shachler. Chic
.1 Lawson, AlaEka Mrs F Benton, Lincoln
H V Hcribner, Cal L Rosenthal, Chicago
I H F Chapman & w, Cal W H Mason. N Y
A fhalmers. Stkn A Rummelsbcrg. NY
WH Lumsden, 8 Rosa U K Dow. L Anp
D Crt, Cal - •' Ryan. Humhol.lt
T Brandt, Pinole W t. Bevls. St Louis
J II Bullock, Cal |J> HPlm, NY
T lvowanda, Va<*avllle » c Lenhart, Kans
J Connaway. Columbia II II Hunter. S Jose
H J Gardner. Cal J • S Davis. N Y
J I" Stuts. Petaluma r Berry. St Ixiuls
J C Clark. Fresno . O R I^ons & w, 8 City
O II Kchlott. Cnl •• B Hansford. Salinas
PC Morse, Berkeley J II Rlnsrot. N Y
E D Morse. Berkeley B J Roberts, 8 Barb
H L Kmery. S Dle?o \V Hnimil. I^keport
G R littler & V. Sacto J H Glass, P Robles
Mrs C C Gibbons, L A 11 F Williams. L Gate*
K R «i»ibons. L AnB : H H Grau * w. NY
A Anderson ,1-w. SuUun Mr« h F Dold. N Y
O II McMurdie, N 1 |A J I^wson. L3dl
\V D WheclwrlKht, OnW T Folllne, 8 Jose
K F Smith, S Diego IG W Furness. Boston
M L Merry & w.'Chico E G Cane. Uklah
J 13 Paine. Fowler lit Hussey. R Port
TE Mitchell, Krwno | A -Thornton, N Hope
M Wlghtson. Fresno jK H Htraler. Chicago
S Frye &v. The Dailies J-B;d«!Long, Chicago
A Smith, h Ang *E G Furber. aoverdale
• NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Smith. Los Ang A M Webber & w, Ohio
J Finley. Vallejo . J K Barre & w, Ohio
R Brown, Frtcno ' Mrs O L Hoag, Ohio
O -W McDonald, Wll- F* A Duouy & w. Ohio y
mingtun - : J S Vartier. Colorado
A M Grom, Chicago P L Smith. Los Ang
W Jones, Clilcago J D Hansen, Denver
G Holmes, > Marysvllle F Ross,- Modesto
P. Thomas & w, N Y P M Andrew*. S Jose
Promoters of the "American School
ACCUSED OF USING
MAILS TO DEFRAUD
of Magnetic Healing" in
Trouble.
KANSAS CITY. May 7.— S. A. Weltmer.
president, and Joseph H. Kelly, secretary,
of the "American School of Magnetic
Healing" at Nevada. Mo., were brought
Into the United States District Court here
to-day to answer a charge of using the
mails for thft purpose of fraud. They
a*kcd for a trial at an early date.
The last Federal Grand Jury in Kansas
City found an indictment against the of
ficers of the school, charging that Welt
mer, while advertising to cure disease by
"absent treatment" and bring "success in
iife," did not give an equivalent value to
the patient for the money paid. The mail
of the school has been enormous, and last
week It was held up by the Washington
postofnee officials, who orderet* Weltmer
to show cause why his matter should not
be barred from the mails under the fraud
order.
TWO MEN SLATED FOR
POSITIONS IN HAWAII
John C. Bair to Be United States
Attorney and Daniel A. Key
Marshal.
WASHINGTON. May 7.— It is under
stood that the President has practically
decided upon John C. Balr of Wyoming as
United States Attorney for Hawaii and
Daniel A. Rev of. Illinois aa United States
Marshal. The internal revenue officials
are taking measures to extend to the isl
ands the internal revenue system* of the
United States, and the probabilities are
now that they will bemade a part of the
first collection district of California, with
a deputy stationed at Honolulu.
Hopper to Resign.
SANTA ROSA. May ".—By the terms of
arrangements completed to-day Thomas
Hopper, the well-known capitalist, dis
poses of all his holding.-; in the Santa
Rosa Bank and will soon retire from the
presidency. For years Mr. Hopper has
held the controlling interest in the insti
tution. It Is understood that XV. Blitz
Paxton will succeed Mr. Hopper as presi
dent. The announcement rauses a great
surprise here. Thomas Hopper Is recog
nized an one of the wealthiest men ln So
noma County.
KANSAS CITT, May 7.— A three-story
brick building at 1302 Grand avenue, in
the • business center, occupied on the
ground floor by*- Jacob Goodman as a
second-hand . store, and above by Mrs.
Alary Sohn as a rooming house, col
lapsed at 4:20 o'clock this afternoon, bury
ing seven persons In the rvflns. It is be
lieved none of the injured will die. John
W. Moore, aged 70, former Mayor of
Kansas City, was the most aeri
ously hurt. The building, which
was ancient, had been condemned
several months ago, and recently
had ' been weakened by workmen .exca
vating for a new building on the adjoin
ing lot. The building collapsed almost
without warning, the walls bulging out
and the roof crashing In before any of
the inmates could make a move to es
cape. The wreck was complete. The ruins
were soon covered by a swarm of fire
men digging for the buried ones.
Goodman, his wife, two daughters and
W. Kline, father of Mrs. Goodman, lived
in the rear of the second floor. Annie
Goodman, 15 years old, was sick In bed.
Soon after the crash Mrs. Goodman, cov
ered with mortar and dust, crawled from
beneath one of the floors. She was un
hurt, save a few bruises, and cried to be
allowed to return and look for her chll-;
dren.
John "W". Moore, former Mayor of Kan
sas City and a member of the Board of
Trade, was taken out of the wreck un
conscious. Ho evidently had been in a
room on the second -floor, and when lo-
CRted was burled ten feet under brick,
mortar and broken furniture. It was
twenty miutes before the nremen could
chop their way to him. He was removed
limp and unconscious and hurried to the
hospital. There it was later reported
that his injuries, while serious, were not
necessarily fatal, and it was believed he
would recover. Owing to his advanced
age, however, he may not survive the
shock.
Anna Goodman was found buried ten
feet beneath the debris and was rescued
by her father, who had escaped with
slight injuries. Her injuries consisted of
severe bruises. Fannie Goodman, ased
8, was rescued soon after the buildlne
collapsed. She was severely bruised, w.
Kline was taken from the ruins badly
hurt, but suffering no broken bones, and
v.-as able to walk away. Mls3 Mary
Sohn was found beneath a pile of debris
and was rescued by the firemen. She
was badly bruised and hysterical, but Is
thought to be not seriously hurt. The
building was valued at but $10,000.
On© of the Victims of the Accident
Former Mayor John W. Moore,
Who May Not Survive
, . the Shock.
Seven Persons Injured by
the Palling of a Kansas
City Structure.
COLLAPSE OF
THREE-STORY
BRICK BLOCK
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAI/L, v TUESDAY, MA Y 8, 1900.
11
BAIXROAI) TBAVZI*
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April tt. 1900.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLJET
AND 8AN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:C0. 1l:J0. »:30, 11:00 a. m.;
U:4S. '1:45. 1:15. 4:15. •5:15. 1:15, f:40 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays, at S:W and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. *3:00. •10:00. ll:«O. M:M
a. rn.; 12:45. •!:«>. *:*>. '3:45. t;00. «:00, TM
p. m. .
11 :00 a. m. does Dot run to Ban Rafael Sun-
days.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:33. *8:30. 7:50. «:40. 'lO:!* a.
m.: 12:30. 1:15. MS. *3:3O. 4:20. t:39 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Vednesdajs
and Saturdays at "6:4", and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— <:». •$:«©. *9:S0. •11:80a. m.; 12:0s
m.; 1:00. 3:15. »J:W. 4:30. »S:45, «:43. 7:30, I8:Z>
p. m.
Trains marked (•) itart from 8an Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEKK DAYS— 5:M. «:43. 8:00. »:5fi. 10:39 a.
in.: i::33. 1M5, 2:45, J:20. 4:50, 8:» p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays st 7:10 and 10:29 p. m.
BUNDAYS-€:35. 8:05. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.: 1J-.U,
l:iO 1:30. 3:45. 4:S5. «:15. 7:03. 10:30 p. m.
.THROUGH TRAINa
7:00 a. m. week days — (Cazadero and way sta-
tion?.
1:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. weekdsys (Saturdays sxcepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
S:CQ a. m. Sundays — Cazadcro and way sta-
tions. »
12:4$ p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes aa4 way
rtatloas.
WABASH
NIAGARA FALLS SHORT LINE
FROM
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis
to
New York and New Fngland Points.
Finest thi ough train service, with polite and
courteous employes. Stop-oft allowed at tha
Falls. ROSS & CL1NE. P. C. P. Alt..
¦¦MlMMan; Los Angeles, CaL
C. B. CRANE. G. P. A«t..
1 St. Louis. Mo.
_ __, . . ___ ;
MILL VALLET AND MOUNT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY— Commencing Sunday.
'April 22. 1W0. via Saunallto - Ferry. Week
days — Leave San Francisco. 9:30 a. m.. 1:45 j.
•'.m. Sundays — Leave San Francisco, . 8 a. m..
* i a. m.. 10 a. m.. 11 a. m., 1:30 p. m., 2:3t>
p. m. Tickets can be purchased at the Sau-
sallto Ferry, north end of Union Ferry Depot.
foot of Market rt.. Pan Francisco. Fare,
round trip ' from Ean ' Francisco, tl 40.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 15 (thirty
¦ cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company, will be payable at the' of flee
of the company, 327 Market st., on and after
Thursday, May 10, 1S00. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. May B. 1300. at 12 o'clock
m. W. D. K. GIBSON. 9
Secretary ¦ pro tem.
DTV'IDHIND Notice— THE GIANT POVVDEU
COMPANY (Con.)— A dividend. -No. 17, of
Seventy-five cents (75c) per share on the is-
¦ sued capital i-tock of; the company has been
declared, payable at the office of the com-
pany, 430 California St., Kan Francisco, on
May 10. 1500. Transfer books close .May 3,
1P0O. at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
LEGAL ADVISKTIS1SMBNTS.
ROWARDENNAN Improvement Co.— Notice of
intention to change principal place of busi-
ness—Notice la hereby given that In pursuance
to the' written consent of more than two-
thirds (2-3) of -the capital ¦ stock of the Ro-
wardennan Improvement Co.. a corporation,
created under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia, which said written consent has been
obtained and filed in the office' of said cor-
poration, it Is the intention of said corpora-
tion to remove and change its principal place
of business from the city and county of San
Francisco. State of California, to the town
cf Ben Lomond, In the county of Santa Cruz,
Etate of California, said removal or changa
to take effect Immediately after the expira-
tion of three (3) weeks from the publication
of thl* notice.
Dated at the city and county of San Fran-
rloco, California, this 3d day of May. A. D.
1900. ItOWARDENNAN IMPROVEMENT
CQ.. by B.- DICKINSON. Secretary. , '
IN the Superior Court of the City and County of
San Francisco. State of California. Probate.
In the matter of the estate of ELIZA M.
SHARP, deceased. Notice for publication ot
time appointed for probate of will (C. «*. P.,
eec. 1S03). — Notice Is hereby given that TUES-
DAY, the 15th day of May, A. D. 1900, at 10
o'clock a. m. of that day, and the courtroom
of Department No. 10 of said court, at the
new City Hall. In the City and County of San
Francieco. State of California, have been ap-
pointed as the time and place for proving the
will of paid ELIZA M. SHARP, deceased, and
for hearing the application of Union Trust
Company of San Francisco for the issuance to
It of letters testamentary thereon.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
• Dated May 1. A. D. 1900.
WM. B. SHARP. Attorney for Petitioner.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSED acquisition of a telephone nyiTl
t<"m by San Francisco— Persona desirous of
offering to Install and sell to Sap Francisco
a complete telephone system are requested to
apply to the clerk of the Board of Super-
visors for full information relating to a call
for proposals. The proposals to be Hied on
or before August 1. 1900.
NOTICE to contractors— Plans and specifica-
tions for the construction of a restraining
dam 1600 feet Ions. SO feet base, over Dry
Creek, above OrovIUe and ChW road, can be
foen at the office of the Cherokee mine*,
¦ Cherokee. Butte County, from May 7: bids
close May IS. L. J. HOHL. supprinfndent.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued aa follows:
Joseph A. E. Oustafson. 30, 316 Beale street,
and Helene Taylor, r.2. 316 Beale street.
Charles E. Crow. 26. IDS Sixth street, and
Hannah M. Deenan. IS, 3W Sixth street.
Scott A. Mackenwn. 23, I^is Angeles, and
Dorothy D. Studebaker. 19. city.
Nlckolas K. Larson. 2S, 123 Eddy 6treet/ and
Hedvlg- San.hihl. 29, G05 Baker street.
William T. Hattabaush, 30, 3377 Trrenty-
eixth street, and Rose E. McDonald, 26, 145
Cortland avenue.
1-Mward Goldln*. 30, 1116 Twenty-second
street, and Mary Lee, 23. 101 South Park.
Charles H. Ledge.tt.. IS, 747 Market street.
Oakland, and Birdie Davis. 25. 916 Montgomery.
Ambrogio LaKomarsino, 43, city, and Crlstlna
Ganella. 24. city. .
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
ln at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CLEARY-In Berkeley, May «. 1M0. to the wife
of Joseph M. CJeary, a daughter.
FREILING— In this city. May 2, 1900, to the
wife of Rufus T. Frelltnc, a son.
GREEN— In this city. May 4, 1300, to the wife
of 1. S. Green, a daughter.
SHIPPEE— In this city. May 7, 1000. to the wife
of J. D. Shlppee, a son.
married! .
ALMQUIST— FREDRIKSON— In tbls city. May
5. l'JCO, by the Hev. Dr. E. Nelander. Frank
K. AlmquiFt and Eva M. Ftedrlkson, both of
San' Francisco.- **- ¦¦• •"- " - " ¦ • -
HAGSTROM-RUBIN— In this city, ADrll 24,
1900. by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, Carl A.
HagEtrom and Hulda Rubin, both of Ean
Francisco."
O'DONNELL— FARLEY— In this city. April 30,
1S0O, by the Rev,. Phillip Byrne. Joseph E. '
O'Donnell and Mary J. Farley.
_____
•Bartels, Daisy McDermott, Nora
Beaver, Georte W. Marks, Louis
Becklngham, George O'Keane. Edmund
Bern. Susan • O'Leary. Acnes C. C.
•Jandido. Mary Q. s Olse-n, Anna K. .
Cowell Harriet E. C. Patten. Mary M.
Cudner, Cynthia A. SchlutlUH, Herman
Davis, John Shephard. Mary
Dober, Charlott* Skelly, Francis J.
Dodge, Otis Kupple, Mary •
Edwarde, Frank (J. Taylor, Frederick W.
Klliott, Valeria B. . Wesslc George
Fllnn, Catherine M. West, Mary
Kerbaugh, Marlon L.
BARTELS — In this city. May E, 1900, Daisy
Bartels, beloved daughter of the late Eliza-
beth Bartels. sister of Emma Bartel*, and
niece of Mrs. Louise Rlchter, Mrs. William
Mueller and Henry Elberllng, a native of
Han Francisco, aged 22 years 1 month and 3
days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Kichtii. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BEAVER— In this city. May 8, 1900, George W.
Beaver, a native of Franklin County. Pa.,
nfcf.1 74 years 9 months and 17 days.
CTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at the First Unita-
rian Church, corner of Geary and Franklin
•streets. Interment private.
BUCKINGHAM— In this city, May 4. 1900.
George, beloved husband of Adele BeckJrjK-
ham, and father of George, Joseph. Charles
and Marie Becklneham, a native of London.
England, aged 58 years and 10 months. O'lc-
toria and Seattle paiwrs please cony.)
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from St. Ignatius
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of hig soul. In-
terment Holy Cros* Cemetery, by electric car
from- Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. Re-
mains at the parlors of McAvoy & Co.. 1233
Market street, between Klxhth and Ninth.
BERN— In this city. May 6, 1900. Susan, dearly
beloved wife of Alexander Bern, and sifter of I
Mrs. Ann Dunn and Mrs. Ellen Mitchell, a
native of Montrose. Scotland, aced 47 years
and 6 months.
E7"FTlends and acquaintances ere respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2205 Flllmore street. Interment Ma.
* uonlc Cemetery.
CANDIIX)— ln this city. May 6. 1900. Mary O.
Candldo, beloved daughter of Frank and Jen-
nie Candldo, and sl*U?r of Petroneila and
Frank Candldo, and cranddauchter of Bar-
tolo Perez, and niece ot Harry, Emma, Mary, :
Stephen and Freddie Per^z, a native of Ban <
Francisco, aged 5 years 4 months and 24 days. !
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral tins day
(Tuesday), from the parlors of James Hasran. '
415 Valencia utreet. Interment Iloly Crgsj
Cemetery.
COWELL-In this city. May 5. 1900. Harriet E.
Carpenter, wife of Henry Cowell, a native of
Massachusetts. -
IC^p-'uneral and Interment private. Kindly
' omit flowers.
CUDNER— In this city. May 6, 1900, Cynthia
AugUBta, beloved wife of Augustus A. Cudner.
and mother of Addle Cudner, a native of
Pouuhkeepsle, N. ».. aged M years.
E? Friends and acaualntanceg are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
{Tuesday), at 5 o'clock, from her late reRl-
dence, 207!i Fourteenth street. Interment
private in Laurel Hill Cemetery. : #
DAVIS-In the City and County Hospital, May
6, WOO. John Davis, a native of Illinois, aged
* CO year*. - .
DO U15U— Entered Into rest. In this city. Hay C
l:>0O. Charlotte Dober <nee Rose), devoted wife
of Joseph It. '~W. : Dober. and, dearly beloved
mother of Mr». George 1 C. ' Patterson and
. Charles, Julia and Joseph Dober, a native of
' 1'ruMla, Germany, aged 72 years S months and
1 day. (Philadelphia and Iowa papers please
.jr^The- funeral will take place this day
. (Tuesday), nt 8:30 o clock, from her late resi-
dence. 452 .Tehama street. th»nce to St; Boni-
face Church, where a solemn requiem high
I mass, will beicelebrated for tlie repose of her
pouI, < commencing, at D ©'crock. Interment
• strictly private. Pleaae omit flowers. ¦- ¦ - •
II EN RY-J. G ALL AG H E R CO..
(Successors to Flannscan & Gallagher) •
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
29 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
. .Telephone South 80. -'-., ...
GREyvVfl^IOlN.
Odd Fellows'; 'Cemetery issociatioa.
i SAN \ FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA."
If .deceased . waa a ¦ member of A NY- ORGAN-
IZATION having a presiding officer and secre-
tary, tha * charge for cremation, j «/¦ copper > re-
ceptacle for the ashes and organ service Is $30.
The fame for. member* of j he family.
- GEORGE R.' FLETCHER," Superintendent.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALS.
AUTOMATIC \Vill.-ox»t G!Lbs tewing machine;
fiood order: complete; cheap. la:5 SflsstftW *t..
u*ar Fifteenth. .
EDISON <v<r.ce:t iihor..>£r«i>h. prlc«- rr,*«i-^<l to
J'.w: concert record*, 12 U. UACluALLPi.
623 Market *i.. Kan l<"raneinx>.
C EPTJINKL1NG waccn*. i>ecor,d-hand. In sood
Condition. !ir sale. ;;7 KhotweU st.
526 — CLEVELAND. Jn fwrfect cond.tlcn. at 1112
t^anchez tt.. r.«"Er»Tnenty-ainth.
GOOD nary liu'.lt, hit-i <""d <?urf boat for |£3.
Arr'-J" LEITS boathou^, l^np U'harr.
A— SS t» DOT8T r.:.U Fedora hats. $1 Ti. Tcp^
ular Price Hattnx ZZ9 K«i:ny et.. nr. I'lue.
t-FT. 12-:b. Ftwl T-raSI cheap. BURNSTIXE
BROS.. i24-:CS Brannan st.
ONE 3 H. P. no volt motor: Ftandard malce; al-
most new; ch»ap. WHITE, Ut Mission st.
CAP' I Tfe-.flCTt r-T every detrnzuion (or eale
aid rc;-a:r.--<i. ;c:7 Market, bet. Sth and luth.
STE-SI.OOr' yacht; lenrth feet. beamT4; "i
room*; in toed condition. In<iuiie at 4li
Twrr.tj -eighth rt.
A FINE FUlt. $*>: dress pants. $2 Ti. MISFIT
CLOTHIXG PARI-ORS. 437 M^nlfomeiy ct.
HIGH- A KM Sinpfr sewlns msrliSne: pood con-
diti^n; coir.iilcte: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. lith.
FORTABLG ens'r.e*. bci!»rs: iron anl wood
pler.ers; Iath"«: 2d-han<l. J. Burke. 133 B»ale.
A NEW standard Typewriter; latent model;
ch«^ap. Typewriter Kxchange. 403 California.
KEW and reoond-hand sict rftschlnes bought
-<•¦ >nfl edd-H W. C. BEKTWAM. 1S32 Market Ft.
A Ifc-TOX Fairbanks pca> and f.re and burc-
lax proof fafe. ris Caiirornla «t.
fAFEF- Nexv and second hand. THE HEK-
MAN.V SAFH CO.. 417-4T3 Facramento *t.
ErC^ND-HANLTfirn'roor esfiTTfi»«and turg-
Isr rroof safe; cheap, il Main st.
fAFES- N'«v.- «n4 sceaaA hand: all size*. THE
XVAI-TZ t-AKF.. K'?-1I1 Market ft.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided f-ticker; 1 claner and matcher; 1
*.:- c-rr.i Tfr^fr: 3 incomotive». ;20 Fremont.
MISCKLLANEOIS WAXTS.
"WAN-TED— Seocnd-hand halr-plcktng machine.
Address bcx 473. «:all office.
WANTED — Second -hand upright pUno for
cast.. H. L. WHITEHKAU. 1710 Market »t.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
A8T1C prop<v»:tlon, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
•ecc&d rnortpages. estates In probate, interest
la ettales. legacle*. corporation loans, chattel
tnoruragts; conMfrtial : advice free. O. E.
OLSEX. room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AXY ajaouct at 6 per cer.t; 1st. 2d and 3d mort-
C&ges. undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; racrt*;ai?es and legacies boupht; no de-
lay; get ray terms before do'.ng- bu?!ne«s eise-
wr.ere. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY rrs;>ectab!e private place to obtain
liberal advartrf on d'.aTnonds. Je-ne'.rj' at low-
«ft rates. Ba!d»'in Jewelry Store, S4S Market
Ft.; tfl MjtniM4. Branch U Third st.
MOS1' reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watrhes. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest pric* for eld rold. silver, diamonds.
AXY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates: confidential.
BONEX.LI, Conservatory b'.djr.. 139 Powell et.
ON rral estate. 1st or 2nd raortca»e», and on
furniture or pian'-x«: no removal: any amount;
lo-wegt rate*. iiECKER & CO., 26 Montgomery.
AT 125 Kearay Ft., room 3, respectable private
flace to borrow on watches, diamond*; lowest
rates; take flevatcr. Telephone Davit 935.
¦ON furniture and pianos without removal: quick
t-enice: money direct: lowest Interest. Rooms
ev r.nd £?. I>onoho< buiiaint, 1170 Market st.
li'AXS made on furniture at IVi per cent; also
loans to salaried j-eople. HARSHBARGER.
C2 E!lis st.. room S4.
;.: VET loaned m'.k.r'.*! people without security.
:;:i-L. ra. 44, Merr-hants' Exchage. ill Calif.
7u -••¦.'•'. people; without security: all busl-
nes.8 ccr.fidential. Tousley Co.. 221 Parrott blir.
CAEH loaned to salaried people on note without
? tedorser, KORREIX. €09 Kxaminer buil-lir.p.
$:<> TO $iO.0O0; lowest rates: 1st and 2d mort(?*.;
ar.y proposition. DRYDEN. 411 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
rorr.ruiFFion: private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF your property is mortisaeed and you need
m^rv money ee« H. MURPHY. «30 Market St.
TO ra'.aripd men without collateral or Jndorser.
P F. I>i!"-ount Acency. 143 Phelan building.
SIISICAL, IXSTRfMEXTS.
A F-ONA KXDEptaoo sale jfer etoraye)— Upright
#./'. Taoa. Ball piano $2<\ A. B. Chase, Stein-
way ar^ r,thtr?; also 2 carloads fine, new,
r.igh-icrmrte piano* luet from M, Y. i*ctory, In-
teudel tr.r party h^re but now stoi*^ with us.
to be sold at factory prices to save storaae;
cash tt in«al!ments; dealers' profit* eav^d;
cme. see. WILSON'S ETOUAGE. 1710 Market.
A CHOICE L1KT OF SNAPS. -- — -
FitieII uprirht; rosewood $35
Aricn: rosewood 100
rosewt>od 150
Kinptbury: mahogany ISO
Sterling; ebonized 200
Bterling; walnut 1 22i
Fteriiny; larfr« oak 245
Vose: walnut 250
Finest condition; warranted; very easy pay-
ments: pianos rented $3 up: tunin*; and csirt-
epe reasonable. BENJ. CLUTAZ & SON.
36-IS-20 OTarrell St.. Curtaz building. Chick-
erlng Agency.
JL6 we represent the best males ot piano* ln
every grade, from Stelcway down to low-
1 '.- --i makes, and a* our icstallment pay-
rcerts are easier than those of other dealers,
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new upright pianos, $8 cath, $$ per
mentb: other pianos $3. $4 and 15 per month.
6HERMAN, CLAY ic CO.. Etetnway Dealers,
ccr. Kearr.y and Sutter eta.. San Francisco;
ccr. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
4 BIG BARGAINS FOR
« PAY? ONLY.
THE SENO MAUVAIS -MUSIC CO.
7K' Market gt.
ABSOLUTELY the cldert end larrest hoasa
vett cf Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
t%. JS sr.d SO O'Farrell et. : pianos, orrans and
all ether murlcal tnctruments of all grades
• r.d price*: term* easy; price* lowest: every-
thing- possible don* to pleaae and satisfy tn»
cuttcnier.
EEE our tarrair.s this week;aflne upright. $160:
pi-,?d as new, orlg-lnal price $jC0; Ftelnways,
Kaz'etocs, Ilardman* at .cut prices: also
toae fine lowing Bros. THE J. DEWING
CO.. Flood building.
$:<5P. tVA. $175. $2f» OR $225 will secure a good
rlario— if you come now. MAUVAIS'. 763
Market it.
tECKEn & SON or Packard, if you want the
r>e*t.
Decker & Ron or Packard beat all the rest.
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A FT EINVTAY. $1CS: ln»taHments $S, »5. $:~$lo;
rents J2 up. HEINE'S. ISC Ellis ft.
6C.HMER A- CO.. Byron ilauzy planes. 203 to
tit Pot tt.
A FEW day* only— New pianos. 12 50 per mo.
SCOTT-CUP.TAZ PIANO CO.. 668 Hayes «t.
GOOD F.'trher; great bargain. PCHMIT2X 1$
McAlliFter tc, r.ext Hibernla Bank.
m .,,. , . ¦ - II I ¦!¦¦ I
FINE Fischer and eteinway upright: sacrificed, i
' KEEFFE'S. UU Van Xwi ave.. nr. Geary st. ,
VT. G. RAWER. 412 gacramento st.. agent for
Franc!* Bacon and Hallett A Pavt* pl»noa.
gri'EKIOR zithers, old and new. II.
MULLEK. maker, repairer, t Latham place.
orFlCCS ASD STORES— TO LET.
LARGE rtore, corner Seventh and Natoma;
uted 20 yn. as grocery and saloon: reasonable.
" ..'- ; TALMISTnV.
1EME. >>rreaard. Pres. St. Gcrrnaln Colleee o£
I J «lm1»fry-. remds 1 to «. CIt tlesiry. or. Jon»*.
im;rso\als.
Xl'AXTED — Ptab-e of race horses to train by
a. man n-lth ti years' «xi»rience; I took «,
•table of rar-e bor«"« to Knciand for 5Ir.
Cambrork and won several large- purses. Ad-
dress P. PRICE, Kan Rafael. Cal.
-- JTLL drf-i"!" Tuxedo and other suits bocsht;
.•.:.-¦¦ eld KOHL I'trtiasd Loan <>fiv--. Z» titock-
ton ct.
LADY with paying business wishce to *o to
Nome; referrnren. Address box 1S<6, CalL
LT.DERER us-?s Quistor.ir« Hair Tor.Ji to make
the !;«!r glosvy. 25c l>«tt!e. «nd F<i«mo f-hajn-
I-oo to r'.ranme the Kcalp. 5o pks. 1-3 Htockton.
AMATEfn pbctocraplierf— fc'ave U) per cent by
!. .i\;:. r FMV wcrk done at Ilembrandt Ktuiio,
tU> Ms rift st., cor. fitockton; kodak.%, S^xIVi. i
enly Z*c. w> C«stJ» for Liaok ueeatives; jj;o-
fpTjfons! advice tre»,
LKI'EKEIl. the pormlar hairdresser; price only
lie; u« «>xtr» ctiarsre for fancy liairdret>slnc :
has but one pric-f \nr pJaln or the most olab-
crat<? oiAP.iircs. 123 Ftockton et.
LADV'P svh;">l. elnicvt new, cheap, or exchange
for Icdy 1 * wafch. Jlox 41?. Call offlce.
HA IK quickly curled or waved by usins Tal-
oott'e CurUnR Fluid: Ef botil*-: drucrsrlsts.
I'HIVATK detective work; reasonable rates; ten
yrars" experience J. II. RAY. KIT Jessie st.
DETECTIVE— Honorable; confidential: secrets
inviolate. Addrees box iH>. Call offlee.
WIFH eJIKIyJXSN. chiropodist and business ad-
vice. 8S0 Market *t., second floor, - room 37.
EI.ECTJtIC JlKfets In every room: Winchester
Mctei. 44 Third ft., sear Market; 100 room*:
lie to $1 to per Dlcht; II M to $t per week;
lrce 'bus and baggage to asd Irosa tha ferry.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd Unfurn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14T^ixth— Rooms
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $S per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A^"THE ELMER HOUSE," £24 Bush St.. ad-
jolning tlie Russ Hotel; M rooms; all prices.
AT ill Howard— Changed hands; respectable;
newly renovated: single, double and house-
keeping rooms: il ud.
BURNETT. 142C Market et. fold No. 1364)— Fur-
siifh'-il mis., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARKOLTOX, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Sunny corner: well furn.; rms. & offices.
CLEMENTINA. CO— Nicely furnished rooms.
EDDY, 3. corner Market— tl 50 week up; sunny
furnished rooms; Market-street view.
EDDY. 1(6— Sunny suite*; also single rooms;
newly renovated: new furniture; prices rea*.
ELLIS. 639. corner Larkln — Sunny furnlfhed
room, with mantel, for Usht housekeeping;
FOLSOM. 963, cor. Cth— (The Oliver)— Newly
furn. sunny rooms, single or suites; reasonbl.
GEARY. 14A— Nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
~- f i--.2LJll}3 1 e ' J1 J up; central.
GEARY. 371—2 nicely furnished rooms ; terms
_y<*ryj-»asonable.
GEARY. 403 CThe Navarre)-Elegantly furnished
rooms; suites or single; travelers accom'dated.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
ana Mission Ft s.— Sunny rooms, en «utte or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. T81 Mission st.-Select
family rooming house; SI 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. S29— Rooms from $1 week up to $5:
-sc to $1 night: also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD; 1072-4 sunny rooms and bath; 112.
JONES. f.09-ParJor suite or slnple rooms; n»w
and nicely furnished; sunny all day; bath;
suitable for Fentleman: nrlvate home.
MARKET. 7G.-.-NiceIy furnished rooms by th«
day, wv-k or month.
MINNA, C67, cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
window rtom. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1220— Large sunny alcove room;
; water, grate, gas; also single.
OAK. 119— Large sunny room, furnished for
; housekeeping; closet; |S; basement room |4.
OAK. S*5— Nicely furnished, larpe, sunny front
room with private family; gas; bath; cheap.
I O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
) offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
! O'FAKRELL. 224 — Nicely furnished, sunny
rooms; modern improvements.
POST. 239— Finest transient rooms ln city;
phone Main 1760; elevator; hot and cold water.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House. 319 &¦ 321 Ellis st.-Rooms,
j night. 23c to $1; week, $1 23 to $4; open night.
' ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Ellls^ Ft.— Incandescent
j light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlor: rooms, per night, 3.1c to $1 50: week. $2
to $8; month. $S to $;0: elevator on offlee floor;
rooms with hot Rnd cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, ir.3— 2 sunny connecting unfurnished
front rooms; light housekeeping; private fam-
¦Hr.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth st... '.
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. •
THE OAKS, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for Rood people. R. HUGHES, proprietor.
THIRD. 514U. ?6; 2 large unfurnished rooms;
rear of barber shop: side entrance.
VAN NESS ave., 4CIB— One or two nicely fur-
nished rooms; sunny upper flat; modern and
centrally located.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore.
! A BRANCH offlce for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9. p. m.
A BRANCH offlee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenrla «t.
ROO3IS AWD BOARD.
NEW family hotel: first-class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table; special inducements to
select people. S07 California St., occupying
corner opposite Grace Church.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms: superior board; $25 up.
EDDY, 724— Large front room, suitable for 2:
with or without board.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT, 615 Taylor— Renovated;
suites and fiincle rms.; sunny: excellent table.
LAS PALMAS, 1S20 Market «t.— Suite of 2 or S
rmt.; private: bath; eln. rm«. ; board optional.
SUNNY room, with board; gus; hot. cold water;
private family; no children; gent only; $20;
references. Box 1S35. Call offlce.
VAN NESS ave.. $44 {The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished; $20.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
1« rmrea. In *r»ri»f. for malllnr. II r>»r vear.
nOO.MS WAVTED.
DESIRED— Well furnished room with use of
rold bath, and breakfast, ln walklnp distance
from Market and Kearny st*. for gentleman.
Ad«4r*>?s box 1S4S, Call offlce.
LADY desires sunny room, rent $6, where she
can do light rooking. X., 10J6 Valencia st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES— Chlchester"s EnclUh Pennyroyal Pills
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other:
»end 4c rtamps for particulars. "Relief for
Ladles," In letter by return mall: at drug-
g-Ms. Chlcbester Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
Co.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
ROOMS papered from J3; whitened, Jl up;
painting dene. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWIXG MACHIXES A.\D SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plles. Standard Agency, 145 6th; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, oold, exchanged, rented;
repairing «t lowest rates. 205 Fourth nt.
STORAGE A.M> WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce, 491 l'o*t st., cor. Powell ; tel. Main 6713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 12-40 Market st,:
tel. South 635; packing, moving and storage.
PACIFIC titorag-e and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackson 2S1. .
TO LEA MIS.
FOR rent— Fine dairy; 100 to 125 cow*; In Sacra-
mento County; cheap rent to right parties;
this Is a money maker. ; For further particu-
lars apply to FRANK HICKMAN, 412 J St..
Sacramento.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA.MEDA HEAL ESTATE. [
{$00— FORECLOSURE: modern 4 room and bath
cottage:. *u nn v clde of street: 3 block* from
rtation and cchool; terras $100 caih, 410 per
- month.
$1900— New modern cottage; 5 rooms and
bath; street work, cement walks, eta., com.
plfte; near station and s:bool; {100 caib, $2t
• per month.
Jieso cash— To close an estate; worth $3000;
£sest corner In Alameda; see this at once.
Fine modern house: 8 rooms and bath; $3000;
ro money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot; this Is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 143? Park St
IF you want to build, buy or sell property call
on J. II. YOUNG. 1243 Park st.. Alameda.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS"
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HKAL KSTATE.
$2800 NET-Hnuse 7 ro&irs. bath, all modern
conveniences; large barn, with driveway,
flowers, etc.: cloee to schools, eara, ' etc.;
rhoiee location: this Is an exceptional offer;
mortgage $22i»: terms. ; -J. H. MYERS. 1002
Broudway, Oakland.
MUST Hi: SOLD.
JXOft; original cost JJ3C0— House 7 rooms, bath;
In flnst-clajs order Inside and out; lot 40x120;
driveway, nnd situated in . the best residence
portion of the city; eee the property;' make an
ofTer: term* if desired. J. "S. MVEKK, 1002
Broadway, Oakland.
$?50-A CHOICE building lot: <CxlCO: west elde
of Telegraph ave.: must be sold. -Address
"Bargain," box 276S. Call offlce, Oakland:
$1CO CASH. $8 60 monthly, % acre, more or
lesi<, S-room cottage, all picket fenced; shade
Rnd fruit trees an'l shrubbery;' fine spring,
*lso city water In tha house: away from cold
winds and lor: close to steam local, electric
cars. and- model school:, rail the: very best:
price, all told. $ft0;. Galindo tract, Frultvale;
adjoining Oakland; call or send for circular;
. 465 Seventh st., pear corner Broadway. Oak-
land : carriage free. ' H. Z. JONKS, Owner. •
OAKLAND FURMTUnK FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from II. Schellbaaa, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin,. Oakland.
.MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.^'
MILL Valley: house and lot cheap; on account
of departure. Box 429, Call offlce. /
m:rsoxals.
L i'o D i E Bi'i^ *' atM L'i*S' <>tt dothlnBbouBhtand
sold. Fll\ernian. in Folsom; tel. Folsom 1191.
1I4S Market «t.. near Taylor.
AN '1'Kant Ruft for *10 7»"7rom Imported or do-
S Ti A^^ K^ I « G^ r IT cted: hooklet. J. WHITK-
HOnX. A.M.. Ph.n.. HIS Linden St.. Oakland.
IF vcu wl»h full value toi your cart -oft cloth-
lna call on B. Cob>n. 157 Third: tel. Blaek 4K3.
ALASKA fur r"rm»ni«. hoods, mltta. leather
coat,. H. M. HEINEMAX. 1CT San»jrae st.
A WKKK'S new? for 5 centB— The Weekly Csll
16 y«c^. >n wrapper, for ran I line, jl p»r year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
WK loan kodaks Tree; photo *upplles; Backus
rtudio 11 Genry ft., eround floor.
PHVSIC1 \>5- A\D Sl'RGEO.\S.
CHQOXIC <3isea.«?>< treated: cures guaranteed;
ftcam baths. DK. GOROIN. Sanitarium,* 514
Pine *t.
DK. C. C O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
H21J* Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. STTAX'K Rheumatism Cure. II; free to
poir ev-ry Wedi e«day. 36 O^ary st.
PROPERTY WANTKD.
WANTED— At once Improved Income city prop-
erty. $1*00 to UOOO. tor cash at SPECK Jc
CO.'F. Ct7 Market «t.
llEAL KSTATE CITY — FOU SALB.
! FOR SALE BT
THOMAS MAGEF. A SONS.
6 MONTGOMERY ST.
J Fine lots on the north side of Fe'.l et., facing
j Golden Gate Park, 25x100; very cheap.
A northwest corner, C«:lHxlM: both streets
bituminized: cannot be beat for «un and choice
locality: facing the Park Panhandle and on
the Feil-st. boulevard.
6lx JSxlO3:lH feet lots; street bltumlnlred;
cars at the corners; Golden Gate Park Pan-
handle one-half block away.
Corner on Hares st., rlfht near Park Pan-
handle and Fell-st. boulevard; :SxlC3:l\j; cheap.
FOR pale at a big sacrifice— Income 1125 per
month; butlneps property. Howard st., bet.
4th and Sth. Apply Bew Drug- Co., Alameda.
LOT SOOxlOO en Price st. and Second ave. ln
I the Castle Tract. Inquire at 2941 Mission St.
I IF you hav» property north of the Park, or
Horner'n Addition and the Mission, that you
want to dljpose of, then call on W. J.
GUXX. SSO California st.
MODERN houses and flats built at lowest
prices; plans and estimate* furnished for all
building work. CAMPBELI*' 1147 Mission st.
$3I0<>— At a sacrifice; en account of bank fore-
I closure; lot 25x100; Improvements 2-story
hcu»o. 7 rooms, bath; south elde Seventeenth.
b*t. Howard and Mtselon. Apply R. Me-
COLCAX, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ONE lot for sale; 25x65; south side of ?teveni-on
et., bet. Ninth and Tenth; price $2400. In-
qulrc 404 Ellis st. room 5.
WILL, build for Jl»» j*ar 2-flat house: plans
furnlnhed: drop postal. GEO. M. SALS-
BURY. Builder. 2M7 Polk ft.
SNAP for people moderate means; house of 2
lists, 4 rooms and bath each: Jones st.; rent
;> month; no agents; $2600. Inquire 30SA 10th.
lirOO— A BARGAIN; lot IOxSO; west of Rltch. i
on Clara Ft., bet. 3d and 4th. Particulars
call 1123 Market st.
$ICtW— COTTAGE; 5 rooms; barn; fine view;
near Hyde and Lombard *ts. Box 4«. Call.
KGAL lihTATK COliVt'Ka For Smlo
A SPLENDID stock farm of 600 acres near this |
city and i'onvenlent to two towns. S. P. H.
R.. also Valley Road; Contra Costa County;
a choice piece of craf* land: a portion farm- J
ingr; ereat abundance of running water and
many iprinirs; Kne residence; larpe barr.s and j
outbuildings; about 10 acrrs in bearing orch-
ard and vineyard: a complete stock farm
and Ideal home; will carry VA head of cattle:
price 120 per acre to close an estate; must l>e
sold: pw it and make offer. II. H. CRANE,
COS California tt.
THE Esparto Colony farms ln the Capay Valley
country should be looked after at once, as this
le Use time of the year to arrange fcr tree and
vice planting; farms ranee ln size from 10 to
40 acres and bow sold to Induce Immediate
action at lew prices and easy terms: home-
Feekers will ne\ r er regret securing one cf these
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est In market; irood society, good school* (In-
cluding high cchool); r>.-.-ad.imized reads; i
railroad trains dally A-om San Francisco;
water for Irrigation T/tn desired; superior to
Southern California -Tor raising all kind* of
citrus fruit, recen^.- so pronounced by lead-
Ing Southern Cs.lia.rnla experts; these lands,
w'.th the suoerior soils and all ether advan-
tages nsmed, will be sold at prices far below
these acked ln localities hitherto considered
enapproachable in excellence; there is no more
Independent life than the small diversified
farmer's; the farms sold before the panic
have become developed and ere paying annu-
slly as much as $100 per acre; you can leave
Pan Francisco on 8 a. m. train, have J or 4
hours at EsDarto, and back to San FranclBCO
early the came evening; you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Esparto, to show you the
lands. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland. Cal. ¦>_
$rrr.O— DESIRABLE country home; 20 acres
choicest fruit land: 1600 almond and 51 select
fruit trees 4 to 6 yeaxs old: new hard-finished
residence, barn and other buildlnes: excellent
.well of water: new windmill: good school: de-
»!rabl« neighborhood; by rail l'i hours from
Fan Francisco. Apply 32 San Pablo ave..
Oakland.
$3750— 3 ACRES sandy loam; all In full bearing
assorted fruit; IVi story. 7-room house and
basement; windmill, tank, fniithouse; chicken
houses, Incubator, brooder, horse, harness,
buggy, plow, harrow, cultivator, small tools,
crop; all po with the place: 20 minutes' walk
from postof flee. GEO. C. YOUNG, Petaluma.
10 ACRES for sale or exchange, near San Lean-
dro electric road; city or Oakland Improved
property, business or residence, and part cash:
alt In fruit; nice 2-story house with substantial
outbuild !nf, *tabl*>, barns, chicken houses, etc. ;
half cash. B. FASSLER. San I^andro.
REDWOOD timber land* on Bis River, Mendo-
clno »n lota to suit; 640 to 10.000 acres. For
particulars address P. ROTHERMEL. 507
California st.
ACCURATE personal knowledge— each of. the ;
WOO ranches on my SALE AND EXCHANGE
lltt. N. D. eiCKELS— th» LAND AGENT—
10 Geary at. . , ;
FOR sale— Elegant villa site ln Millbrae. Box '
430. Call offlce.
no«»MS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH, 9U, n«"a.iv Taylor— 3 unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping; all conveniences.
CLAY. 2421. near Flllmore— 2 large unfurnished
rooms; yard; water; rear; rent J7.
COR. McAllister. 124 Laguna— Handsomely fur-
niihed large sunny front suite. $16; also mod-
ern flttines for light h»kpg.; St. Jaaw.
EDDY, 404 — Bunny corner suite, with kitchen,
gas stove, for housekeeping.
EDDY. 517— Pleasant, sunny, connecting house-
keeping rooms; splendid location; private res.
EIGHTH. 34B. nir Market— 1 or 2 sunny par-
lors or 1 alcove room, with kitchen, furnished
complete for housekeeping; bath; private fam-
Uy. ;
GEARY. 613%— Furnished or unfurnished rooms
for light housekeeping; private family.
HAWTHORNE. 171^ near Harrison— Pleasant
tunny hrkpic- rooms; reasonable and desirable*.
JESSIE, CM, near new postof flee— Single or con-
nectlnjr housekeeping;.
i KEARNY. 104— Kront suite (2 unfurnished
rooms), ii"; two front suites (4 rooms). $18.
OAK, £4 — Sunny furnished or unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
OAK; 31S— Sunny basement room; furnished for
housekeeping; yard; separate entrance; $4.
OCTAVIA. 140G. cor. Geary— Sunny ' furnished
room; taantvli kitchen; complete for house-
keeping; $11.
O'FARRELL. ill— Floor ot 3 nice unfurnished
2iou*rke*i>in*r rooms; Btf. bath nnd laundry.
POLK. Itt»>—J sunny housekeeping room*;
ranfSf and bath; canlrn.
POST, 41S. near Powell— 2 or % sunny, com-
pletely furnished housekeeping rooms; rent
rcsscnable^
roWKLL, HO— Pleasant sunny room; running
water: ess; closet; light housekeeping) rea-
sonable.
ECOTT. JjK— Three unfurnished housekeeping
rooms; use of bath; fS or S10 month. (
SILVER. Id— 2 cheap furntthed housekeeping
rooms. ¦ ' ¦•
STEVENSON. 651—2 sunny clean ruralshed
housekeeping room*: also cellar and yard.
T'A'O large, *unny front rooms, kitchen «nd
bedroom, furnished complete for housckeeu-
ir.n: furniture all new; $1 00 to S2 £0 per week:
t«v-<> different suite*, difference In size. Apply
ct fhn» store. &C2 Mission St., bet. First and
Second. ' ;
VAN NESS ave., V;<h- Nice runny suite of par-
lors suitable for houfvekeeplng.
CLASSIFIED advertisements nnd subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception; of adver-
tisement* and eubecriptlcn* has been opened
at 1223 Polk et. : open until » p. m. ¦ ¦ ¦
A BRANCH clflce for Call advertl? ements and
subscriptions has beea established at 1006 Va-
lencia st. .
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
iovtiikkx rtrnx: 10nrA.1T.
iPACiric *v«rnM >
Trains •«»«•¦ .....I mrm a u t> la »rrl«« ••
MAN rilANV •*«:«».
(Miin Lit.e. Toot ot Market Street)
LSati — From Mat 1. !)C0. — arriti
•7:OOa B'nlcl*. Salaam, Klmira. VseaTtlle.
Rums*- j kimI asewnentn. »7 : 1 3 r
*J:OOa Sh*.»t» EipcMs— DaTi*. Williams (for
Bartlett Bpriop). Wttlowi. Ked
Bluff. PortUnd. •7:13*
*7:1»a Martinez. Situ K»nion.Valtejo. Nsps,
Culintog* ami Saul* ISum ¦•llflp
•«:30* Ths OverUml LJ-niteU— Ogdei* Dea-
»er. Ouiaha, Chteac" a Stl3v
•»:.!»« Hmn June. U'enum *. Ht»c«tmi.
lone, ttaerauittiitn. Flacertille.
M«rji»l!K Cblco. H»\ Itluif MilSr
•KIOa •.MlJtou, (uk.Uir. Chia»sa (for Yo-
semit«). annora. Carters. *4ll3p
•ft:OQ* H«T«»fl». Nil. » and Way Station*. • 1 I:I3a
•0:O«*a Daria. Woodlacd. Knight* Lauding.
MuyitUie. Orntiil* *7i43r
•9:«O» Atlantic Kiprenv— Ogden and Raat *9i-(3a
•a-.oo* Ln* Angelas Ejprea — Martinet,
. Trscr. Latlirop. otocktoo, Merced
sod Krenno *<l: l.ip
•10)00* Vall.-jo. Martinez and Way Station* *Bil3p
•ll:«t»A Mi's. ijTermore. Stockton. Maera.
mrnto. Mendota. lUn.'ord, VUalia.
l*OTtr«»ille *4WI3r
•"l:nn M Uajwarils. Nile* aud War Station*. *3i4.tp
M-.onr m^,*,, t,, i:ii«r stft.iuRi* t«io<»r
•4:«IOr lfljtranld, Nilrs ana Wai Station*. *.V.43r
•4:U»r tiwrikma, Sait Itamnn. Vallejo.
N»|..i, «'.ili«ti.««. S»nt» Itona *Uil3»
I *l>«or H-iuciK. VacKflll*. Hacr»iuanto,
VV.M.aUml. KnlkhU l.andinc,
M.rjmtUie. Orotilla •l«:Ot
*li3(>p Nlles. Maa JoaeandStoektOD *7>l3p
•»:OS)pThe Owl Minlted-Trarr. Fretno.
UakrratleM. :ia ijim for Hmti l!»r-
ttara. Las Antcelea *fl:l3i
•3:00p Fresno Passeager— MarUnrx. Lath-
rop. Morce.l. IlereDda (Rayoiond
for Yoa«mi«u>. »mw *l3:t3r
¦SiVOpKsw Meant Siipreu— llakaraAeld.
1 8aiiU Uarliara, !«• Aniele*. Pern-
Inf. Cl Tuo, »<'ew Urleaus sod
East •«iI3a
*3ta»p*Hant% Fn Knura— Atlxutlo El^ress
(or MiiJxis uul Eul ¦¦i43p
. *0:«Op Hajwarda. Nile* and »aa Jos* *7:l.i v
f«:SWr ValleJ •I3:13p
¦«ta«r Oriental Mall— Ogtlen. Chejeans.
Omaha, Caicvgo *0:I3a
*6:3Op Oriental MM— Ogden. D-nter.
Omaba. Chicago. MilSp
JTiOOr V»ll-j.», Purt Costa and Way Bu-
tton*. t»i33p
•SiA3r Oregon and Caltfnrnla Kxprm.Ma*.
r»Hi<<utc>. Marinflli*. ISe.l.llug.
r..rtUn.l. l'.<«m S...i,..| and K»«t *1iI3a
COAST HIVInIiin Harrnif 4JAUK«).
( Pool ».f M .rkct .Strtf L)
:-:15a £anU Crm Excursion for Santa
Cruz and frincipal Way StaUona J VO.Ip
*S:I3a Ne<fark.CffuterflHe,r4auJii8S,l>'«lti>n,
UonMer Creek. Sauta Crux aud Way
8l4ti.n..i ••:*••
|a>l3p Newark Cmtwfillv. Sait .line, N.w
- Almaden. Kcltuu. llnulil«r Ock,
H»in» Cnu and I'rineipal Way
StaUou* rif»:-v»»
¦€ll*r Newark, Han .lone. Lns Oato* 'S^itA
q4:l3pGIenwood. Felton. Santa. Cna «W:S»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rum SIX 'HISCISCO — P»*t •' Itrkit Stre.t (Sin *) —
•1:18 9.00 11.00*. u. 11:83 »J:33 |3:3J
*t:C3 tS:C3 *f:CQr.N.
'lit OUMSJ — »j»l •' 3r««H»»T. — "H .00 8:00 10 00*M.
tU.li »1:C3 t3:33 ; 3:23 liM 'SZlr.*.
COAST hlYIMON (Ilr<»a4i;aiis«).
• (Thlr.l itrid Townseii.l St-t)
1«:la* Oeean View. Month Man Frauclaci.. 16:;s« r
t?:OU« Man June »...l W' ar Htnlinna (N,w
Almaileii W»Ine*<laT*ouly) *!:••»
t?:XOi Sunday Fxcnrsion for Pan Jose,
Ranta C'ru2. Faei9o Grora and
Principal Way .Stations ISiUp
•«OO« Han J.xe. Trm rtw«, M.ntn Crux.
Paellia i:i..»«. l"»j.. Knlilrs. Mail
I.iil* Ol.lnfn, Aiirf, Locnpoc and
l'rlncit>al Wa» sutlmm *4:lop
•I«:H»» S10 J»m ami \far Ht»tlon« •«:.«»
¦II:UI»* *3>3«»
f4:l»p.S.ii .Matrt.. lCetlir.^.1. Meulo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Man .)..»«.
Tres Plnos. Miut.% Crux. Sailuaa.
Alnnterry and l*«e<fle Orots tIAiMA
t:i:nn P H»n Jose and Way 8Ution* »":3i»p
tl:l3pS»nJo»esinl Principal WajStatinns •UU.'Ja
t3:OOr8an Jose, Los Ostoa and Principal
Way Statlnns «»:O«*
*.?i:tOp 3an Josfl an.l Prineinal Way .Station* ?*iX.1a
•H:Uur San Jose ami \V»y .Stal'.nua t*:«»»*
tll:l5r Ban Jc«i-an.t Way stations »7:.tt>»
A for Morning. P fur Afternnon.
• Dslly. t tttuiitay eieepted. : Sunday only.
6 Saturday only,
a 3»tani»j- and Sunday, c Sunday and Monday.
California Limited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Coxxectin-g Train Leaves Sax Francisco:
ft PJ"I. Monday. Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving In Chicago at 2:15 *
P.n in time to connect «ttb all limited
trains for New York,
OVERLAND Leaves Saa Franclseo at 5:30
PXDDFSC. p. m. with Palace and Tourist
ruiiv cars 10s, Kansas Cttj, St- Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains • between Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tnlara on *r>
and Bakersfield- ROAO
SEC YOU IN Saa Francisco office. 63
•rDISrO SflflN Market Street, Phone Main
way; Sacramento, 2)1 J Street; &*a Jose, 7 West
Santa Clara Street.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot ot Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SA>T RAFAEL.
WEEK. VaTCA— 1:30. 9:00. U:00 a. m.; 1J:3S,
J:2'j. 5:10. 4:30 p. a. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays— Extra tr:;s at 1:&1
snef 11 :M D. m.
EUNDAYS-8.00. >:J9. U:C9 a. m.: 1:30. S:SJ.
6:00. *:2t> i* m.
HAN RAFAEL. TO SA^f FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:W. t:20. U:10 a. m.: U.iS.
1:40. 5:li p. m. Saturdays— Extr.i trips at
1:13 and *:I5 o. m.
SUNDAYS— 1:19. 1:49. 11:10 a. m.: 1:«. t:tf.
¦ & 05. (:2S d. m.
Betwcea 8a.a Francisco and Sehuetsca Par*
him »ch»dul« aa abov«.
L«aT« J In Effect. I Arrlv*
Ean Francisco. [Apr. 15. 1900-1 Ban Franclseo.
Week J Sun- j 1 Bun- ( Ws*l«
Days. I days, f Destination.) days. | Pays.
T:SO nm t:00 am N'ovatfv 10:40 am 8:40 ana
8:30 pra 1:30 am Petaluma. 1:05 pm 19:JS am
1:13 pai 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 1:ii pm t:ttpia
rulton.
IMmxa Windsor. 1S:» ana
H*al.l»burg-.
Lytton. '
Gejrservtlle. ¦ -
1:30 pra 8:M am Clovardal*. 7rCpro t^Spoa
r:tOamj I Hepland j 115:13 am
1:30 pm! 8:00 amf and Utlah. | 7^3 paij !:«> pn>
T:S9am 10:3 atri
3:C0 am GusraerHIe. 7:35pra
»:3O pm . «:M pm
7:30 am 1:00 am Sonoma J:15 am 1:40 aa
and
1:10 pm 5:00 pra Glen Klltn. <US pmf >:SJ p»
T:3»am| S:C0am| 119:40 am!l0:2S ant :
8:30 pm! 5:C3 pm! S«bastopol. | 7:3S pm| 6:20 pm
Etajres connect at Santa, Rosa for Mark WmC
Fprlnits and White SuIpSror Springy: at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserrtlle tsr SkarKs Sprlnes: at Cloverdals
for th# O«yi»rs; at Hopland for Duncan
Eprlns*. Blchland Pprliw». KelseyvlJJe. Carls-
bad Sprlmrs. 8oda Bay. Lakeport -and BartletC
Eprlnara; at ITkiah for Vlcby Sprlnrs. fl*rmtor»
EprtnKS. Blue Lak-«. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
flrrinars. ITpp^r Lak^. Porno, Potter Vall«y.
John Day's. Rrrerstde, Ll*r!ey*s, Buekntll's,
Sanhedrlo • Ratehts, RulMlle. Orr*a Hot
PprlnKs. Mendrwtno Oty. Fort Brarr. W«»t-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Lavtonvllle, Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tleketa at
rtdueed rates.
On Sund.ty round trip tickets to all fotnts
bevond San Rafael at half rates.
Tl-k«t ntftv. «M Market at.. Cl»ro«te1» bid*.
H. C. TVH1T1VG. R. X. RTAM,
General Manager. G«n. Pass. Aceat.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>2<> KEAKJrrftT. Eitabllsbed
In list for the treat mont of Privat*
I>lieits«^», LonMantMNrfl DcMUtyor
diseas* »"earlngr on bodyandtnlnd and
Skin Dlsnues. i b* doctor rnrea when
ntbersfalU Try him. Coarser tow.
4.».r«>«s;o»ri»iitr^.l. Callorwrita
Or. J. tt~ «1B1IU.%. Uox ISST.San yiaadaco
WBifCt$1.00i8PTeap
DODGE— In this city, May 4. 1500. Otis Dodge.
a native of California, aged 26 years.
E^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:45 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-
first Interment' Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
EDWARDS— In this city. May «, 1900, at his
residence, 132(5 Guerrero street. Frank G.
Edwards, ex-Fire Commissioner and president
of Edwards Publishing Company, beloved
husband of Ellen Jane Edward*, and father
of F. Ernest Edwards, and brother-in-law of
Miss Emily Carter, a native of Oxford. Eng-
land, aged "S years and 10 days.
CyTuneral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 11 o'clock, at Emmanuel Baptist
Church. Bartlett street, near Twenty-third.
Interment In Masonic Cemetery.
ELLIOTT— In this city. May 6. 1900. Valeria
Blddle. widow of the late Brevet Major Gen-
eral WashinKton L. Elliott, U. S. A., and
mother of Katherine B. and Frances V. El-
liott and Mrs. H. G. Pontlng. (Philadelphia
and Los Angeles papers please copy.)
C7"FuneraI and interment private. Please
omit flowers.
FLINN— In this city. May 6, 1500, Catherine M.,
relict of the late William B. FUnn, and be-
loved mother of Marion A," and Catherine M.
Fllnn. Mrs. Julia M. Burke nnd the late
Thomas J. Fllnn. a native of Ireland.
(CyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:20 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3221 Seventeenth street, thence to
fit. Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will f>e celebrated for the repoio
of her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KERBAUGH— In this city. May S. 19«>. Marlon
Lorenza Kerbaugh, a native of San Fran-
cleco, aired 4 years and 6 months.
McDERMOTT— In this city, May 6, 1900. Nora,
• beloved daughter of Julia and the late Wil-
liam McDerniott. and sister of Rena. Lulu
and William McDermott and Mrs. S. Fabian,
a native of San Francisco. a»;ed SO years.
(C7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 404 Octavia street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where maps will be celebrated
for the ret>ose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MARKS— In this city. May 6, 1D00. Louis, dearly
beloved husband of Nancy Marks, and father
of Llllle. Florence. Benjamin and I. L. Marks
and Mrs. H. B. Adler. a native of Germany,
aged 72 years.
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1015 Golden Gate avenue.
O'KEANE— In this city. May 6, 1900, Edmund
O'Keane, a native of Ireland, . ased 65 years.
(Portland, Or., papers please copy.)
ICTKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), from sjt. Brendan's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of hi» »oul, commencing
at a o'clock. Remains at the parlors' cf Mc-
Avoy & Co., 1233 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth.
O'LEARY— In this city. May 7, 1300. Acnfs
Catherine Clair, beloved daughter ot Arthur
and Kate O'Leary. sister of Alinnie, Carmel-
lta and Arthur O'Leary, and niece of Mary,
John and Joseph Kidney, a native of San
Francisco, aired 5 years 4 months and 8 days.
CTTho funeral will take place to-morrow
'Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 120 Townsend street, between
Second and Third. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
OLSEN— In this city. May 5, 1900, Anna Eliza-
beth, beloved wife of Knud Olsen, an-i sister
of R. O. Pettersen of Stavansrcr, Norway,
, and Mrs. Olina Rasmuesen of Hoprstad. Nor-
way, a .native of Stavanger, Norway, aged 67
years 10 months and 14 days.
IC7"Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from her late residence, 23 Alta
street, off Monteomery street, between Union
and Filbert. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
PATTEN— In this city. May 7. 1300, Mary M..
beloved wife of the late Thomas Patten, a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-mororw .
(Wednesday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & Enelish, 41 Van Ness avenue.
thence to £t. Ignatius Church. Hayes street,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 8
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHLUTIUS— In this city. May 7. 1900, Her-
man Schlutius, beloved father of Charles and
Herman Schlutiup, Mrs. Ida Perkins, Mrs.
Emma Rothschild, Mrs. Minnie- Kelly and
Mrs: Dora L. Giles, a native of Westphalen,
Germany, asjed 81 years 9 months and 11 days.
ICTFri^nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his son-in-law, Charles F. Giles, 1117
McAllister street. Interment ln Sacramento
County.
SHEPHARD— Entered Into rest. May 7. 1300.
Mary, beloved wife of Alfred Shephard, and
mother of Mrs. G. L. Hereert, Mrs. J. C.
Yates, Mrs. M. Houston, Mrs. George C. Bor-
nemann. Mrs. F. B. Dallam and Peter C. and
C. H. Shephard, aged 64 year*.
lt7"Funeral from her late residence, 40C9
Seventeenth street. Services at St. Ignatius •
Church at 9:20 o'clock to-morrow (Wednes- i
day). Interment private.
SKELLY— In this city. May 6, WOO. Francis J..
beloved t>on of the late John and Margaret
Skelly, and brother of James P., Annie E. and
John W. Skelly. a native of San Francisco.
E?*Friend>» and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from.hla late res-
idence, 76 Rausch street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SUPPLE— In this city. May 7, 1300. Mary Sup-
ple, beloved sister of Michael, Kdward and '
Annie Supple, and aunt of Mrs. M. Moldrup |
and Mrs. T. Dunlevy, a native of County |
Kerry. Ireland. j
E3Tuneral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence, $22\b Ellis
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a Mlemn requiem hiKh mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
TAYLOR— In this city. May 5, Frederick W.
Taylor of Belvedere, beloved husband of Edna
Taylor, and father of Milton E. Taylor, a na-
tive of Nevada, aged 37 years.
(ETFrlends are invited to attend the funeral
services this day (Tuesday), at 12 o'clock, at
the residence oX Charles Eaaton, 610 Buchanan ;
street. Interment Mountain View Cemetery. 1
WISSIG— In this city. May 6. 1900. George Wis- <
slg, beloved husband of Julia Wlsstg, and be-
loved father of Kate WIsbIe, and brother of !
Mrs. J. Lippert, a native of Langinhain,
Darmstadt, Germany, aged 55 years 11 months
and 8 days.
EITFrltnds and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late reel- i
dence, 1519 Stockton street. Interment Odd
Fellows* Cemetery.
WEST— In this city. May 7, 1900. Mary, be- !
loved wife of B. W. West, daughter of Pat-
rick and the late Catherine Flynn, mother of
Kittie, Benjamin and Lottie West, and sister
of Mrs. E. Lundbert, Mrs. J. J. Conlon and
Timothy. James and Joseph Flynn, a native
of New York, aged 44 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence.^ 1208 Green street, thence to St. Brlgld's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ¦ - . ¦Election at Hollister.
HOLLISTER.,May 7.— The town elec
tion toHiay^resuked sis follows: 'Trustees
—William 1 Palmtag. Hiram Pond. Frarfk
Shinn ; ' Marshal. I. ¦„ Archibald : , Treasurer
C.H. .Wagner; Assessor, C. Shaw. •¦¦ '
, There Is to be a meeting \>f the execu
tive committee of the Pacific Commercial
Museum in the rooms of. the Manufactur
ers' and Producers'^. Association in the
Mills building Thursday, afternoon, at
which the many- sub-committees -will
make .reports of the number of sub
scribers they have, obtained. The com
mittee proposes ' to publish ' the names ot
all who have contributed to or In other
•njays supported the movement toward the
establishment of the museum in. this city.
Subscribers to the Museum.
- At the last meeting: of the directors '> of
the, Merchants' "Association a special com
mlttee , was appointed to nominate officers
for the ensuing year. The committee hi««
returned the ; following, names for direct
ors : . A. S. - Baldwin . ¦ C. S. ' Benedict"
Charles : Bundschu, Foster P. Cole An'
drew M. Davis, p. - W. Dohrmann; Joseph
D. Grant, Marshal Hale, Hugo D Keil a
J.McNicoll; Edward H.Mltchell.i Edward
B. Pond, W. P. Redington, Hugo Roths
child. , Frank. J. Symmes. . ;.«otns-
The election Is to take place on Wedne*
day evening, May 23, at Academy, of Sci
ences Hall.* :
Merchants' Association Election.
The .National Club has engaged Gavin
McNab to bring suit against Tax Collec
tor Scott to have him show cause why
he rescinded the license of that organiza
tion. Both Nelll and Moffat having a lack
of faith in the National Club to bring off
the contest have called upon the man
agers to post the sum of $2000 as a sign
of good faith. The sum will be deposited
this morning at 11 o'clock by Charles
Neuman. If it is not place'd in the hands
of "Billy" Kennedy at that "hour the
Columbia Club will have the privilege of
bidding on the match with a view to car
rying it out on May 29. • ,
National Club Going to Law.
State Senator J. N^Gfflette of Hum
boldt. a leading Republican of the First
Congressional District, is in the cltj.
When the convention assembles to nom
inate a candidate for Representative in
Coneress to succeed John A. Barharo
rnanv^ of the delegates will advocate the
iTo^inatlon of Senator Gillette. The dele-
Ka ™s?o the nominating convention must
be chosen under the primary election law.
tU Republican voters of the district who
JJpreciSte the splendid services rendered
by Mr Gillette in the memorable Sen
ntorial contest which culminated in tho
choice of Thomas R. Bard for United
S Th C e "n'oXtfnT SS"°n«i.n cannot *,
packed by a Congressional comrrJtr/ee.
No delegate can serve unless he Is chosen
bv the voters of the party.
T-o-night the Fifth Congressional Dis
trict Republican Committee, which was
aDDointed last June by J. Alva Watt, will
meet and appoint the delegates to tho
convention which will meet at Sacra
mentoTon the 15th inst. to elect two dele
gates to the Philadelphia National Con-
V In tl the Fourth District the Republicans
will hold a primary election under the
auspices of the Congressional Committee
to choose their delegates to the May con
vention' In Sacramento. The polls will
open next Thursday at 7 a. m. and close
at jn* the Forty-third Assembly District a
ticket containing the following names has
been filed: Dr. D. D. Lustij?. at large;
Gaston Straus. Martin Brady, Emile
Samps and William Lyons.
In the Forty-fifth Assembly District the
following ticket has been liled: Crmrles
Sonntag. 'at large; C. R. Evans, S. J.
Robertson and D. McCullotiRh..
Many worklngmen dwell In the Fourth
District. They will have an opportunity
to vote at 7 o'clock in the morning or
at the noon hour. It is expected thitt nil
the tickets will be filed before 10 o'clock
to-night. '
Primary Election in the
Fourth Congressional
District.
State Senator Gillette of Humboldt
Is in the Field as a Candidate
for Representative in
Congress.
ACTIVE WORK IN
THE REPUBLICAN
RANKS OUTLINED
The lounRine placos in town usually fre
quented by horsemen and followers of the
turf In general looked dreary and dull yes
terday. The majority of what Is known
as the talent seemed to have enjoyed an
unusually successful Reason and almost
without exception have the Eastern fever.
Joe Harlan, nearly $40,000 to the good,
and possibly the largest winner among the
bookmaklng fraternity, left for St. Louis
last night with his crew. Henry Frelsen
hausen, or "L,ittle Henry." as he is known
on the track, a partner in the book, also
¦went along: Henry is known as a lucky
gambler, for he has "tackled" nearly
every game in the calendar, invariably
bobbing up winner.
Johnny Coleman will leave for . New
York to-day, where he will engage in the
laying of odds, of course. "Jim" Quinn
will accompany him as far as Chicago
John Quinn is rusticating at Hot Springs,
Jockey Loeue. the new lightweight
found? by Atkin & Lottridge, has been
recommended to a Hawaiian turfman and
will put in his vacation protitably down
at the islands.
? »," I l af F ie " Smith ¦ -'WHl give Horton and
the balance of his string a rest at the fair
grounds, Sacramento. He will put in idle
time dealing in carriage horses.
"Billy" Randall will ship Gauntlet, Mon
tanus, Midlove, Panamint and Ostler Joe
to Denver on Friday of the present week.
\? » th ?v. same car Sam Morton and Lew
McArthur will send Corolla, Game Ward
en. Pilot and one other. Frank Mc-
Mahon will be represented at the Colo
rado meeting by Alarla, Stromo and
Croker.
D. S. Fountain and "Bill" Dingley the
jockey, will also start for Denver with
a string, among them Gusto, Xone Such.
McPryor. Keolia, Rixford and I Don't
Ivnow.
Johnny Lyons, the well-known bettor
and bookmaker, who fell Into an unluckv
streak the latter part of the season, has
concluded to make the Nome trip. Char
ley Dexter will be along on the same ves-
Phil Howell, a well-known Eastern pen
ciler, who has about $27,000 invested in a
portable gambling-house, will join the
early rush to Nome as well
Tom Sharkey, the sailor pugilist has
made a most successful debut on the
Eastern tracks as a horse owner. On
Saturday last his sprinter Hesper downed
a fair field very cleverly at Morris Park
and again yesterday earned a - pair of
brackets, starting a pronounced favorite
"Plunger" McAfanus, after a boil-out at
the springs, will try his fortune once more
on the Newport and Chicago tracks ¦
_Before Barney Schreiber left for the
East the St. Louis bookie said he had a
Balgowan fllly orrhis stock farm twico as
large as Sofala. She looked so promisli-K
that Barney would not ri^k shipping 'he?
to California, and expects her to T be a
crackajack. ¦
Henry_ finished second on Billionaire at
Morris Park yesteraay. Of the California
riders Bullman has been seen to the best
advantage thus far. Sl
Billy Magrane will put his good colt
Tuthlll aboard the car. Sound for Chicago
on Thursday "Billy" says the three
year-old is the brst horse he has trained
in many a day. Prestome and Whaterlou
will be fired and turned out on Rulnart
' "Curly" Shields, who has not been East
for a couple of seasons, will leave for CHi
cago on Friday. Nick Hall. will also make
the trip,. but will leave his horses behind
J George Rose ;. Henry Fllttner and crew
departed for New York Sunday night. The
"California leviathan", had a prosperous
season of it here. . v
The California Nursery stake promises
to be a big event this year. The followlnsr
two-year-olds are eligible to date:
.^ Enclnal, b. f.. ' by., St. Andrew-Alameda, J
Mackey (owner); b. c., by. Candlemas-Helen
Scratch.* J. Mackey. (owner); b. f. by st An
drew-Hot Spring. J. Mackey (owner)- £t Rica
b. :c. by St. Andrew-Rlcardo. J. Mackev
(owner): Modrlna b. f.. by Mldlothian-Pa
loma. Burns & Waterhouwe (owners) • David
S. b. c. by Midlothian-Taluda, Burns & Water
house (owners); Sea Baas. b. f.. by Artillerv-
Plcnic. Burns v & Waterhouse (owners)? SoaTn
?>&¦ b 'V"' by-ArtlUery-Sweet- Rose, Burn"
& Waterhouse (owners): Dunfree be bv
Duncombe-Free Love Burns & .Waterhouse
(owners); Carloclnav bh c. by St. Carlo-Fran
chise. ¦• J. Anthony; (owner); br. . c. by Vassal-
Dutch . Dancer, • E. McSweeney (owner) • Cast
off.b.c, by; To El. Rey- Princess, C. L Fair
(owner) ; b. c. by Brotus-Leda, Elmwood" Farm
(owner); ch. c.. by Brutus-Initiation. Elmwood
Farm. (owner): b. c...by Brutns-Ledalla Elm
wood Farm (owner) : .¦ Lilly Dlggs. b 'f bv
Red] Iron-Lilly. Wright. I. P. Dllga (owner).
''The buildings on the State Fair grounds
have been freshly painted and every oreD
aratlon is being made for a great meetln*
in' September, i 5
Jos H.irlan and Crew Depart for/ St.
Louis — Johnny Coleman Will
Be Seen in the East. x
Notes.
Closing Down of the Season
Causes an Exodus
HORSEMEN PULL
UP STAKES AND
QUIETLY DEPART
"WILJ, . B. . BATES.
dozen waiters . nearly fifteen ; minutes to
revive the enthusiastic Spaniard, and
Bates is > still treating, a severe sprain of
his right hand. ¦ - •.-.
Academy of Sciences Advocates Pur
chase of Sequoia Lands by the
Government.
A lecture was given last night by
Cloudsley Rutter before the California
Academy of Sciences on "The Natural
History of the Sacramento Salmon." The
speaker dwelt at length on the customs
of the game fish and told of the long dis
tance traversed and the difficulties en
countered by the salmon in reaching- its
spawning place.
The following resolution was adopted by
the society:
Whereas, Many of the citizens of Santa Cruz
Santa tiara ami San Mateo counties and of
the city of San Francisco have urged the es
tablishing of a for»>Et park to cover the "big
liaeln" and the conticuous redwood forests In
the Santa Cruz Mountain?: and whereas, such a
park would secure. If once In the hands of the
United Rt»tes« Government, a large body of
primeval forest of Sequoia seniDervlrens as a
l'crmanent possession for the whole of the peo
ple. This is of special interest to every man
of science, as the time in approaching when
every crimeval redwood • north of San Fran
cisco will be felled by the' lumbermen. And
whereac, truch a purchase will also secure for
the use of the whole people of the peninsula
extending « from Santa. Cruz to San Fianeisco
the use of the mountain waters collected by this
forest arra. <
Resolved, therefore, . That the California
Academy of Sciences' cordially support* the
efforts of the Committee on Ways and Means
recommendlnK an appropriation to secure the
eejrresratlon of the above named territory as a
natural forest park.
V/ANTS THE REDWOOD
FORESTS PRESERVED
CORNETIST BATES
SLUGS A SPANIARD
o «-ijp «illE. BATES, the cornet solo-
VV K II iet at the Or P heum this week «
w\y has made himself almost as fa
¦.'; *J }~i>\ mous by the use of his fingers
in bunches of-flve as he has by their
clever Individual manipulation of the keys
of his cornet.
During the Spanish-American war he
was a guest at the Hotel de la Poste,
Geneva, Switzerland. Among the other
guests were several German army officers
and one Spanish Government official.
The "Immortalization of Bates" among
Americans In Europe occurred at the
table d'hole dinner one evening. The
Spanish official was seated at Bates' left.
A German officer asked him what he
thought of the war.
"The most brutal nraault," said the
Spaniard, "In the history of the world."
Continuing he said: "The lowest common
street laborer in Spain is so much more of
a gentleman than the average Wall-street
millionaire who" rides ? to . his offlce In * liv
eried equipage that the Spanish laborer
would lose caste by even talking to- the
Yankee dollar king. In fact, all Ameri
cans are 'pigs.' "
At this Bates joined In the conversation.
"Excuse me, sir," he said: "this -is a
public dining-room. I am an American
and would ask you to change either your
style of criticism or your topic of con
versation.".
The don glared at him. ."I have seen you
around the hotel, sir, but was not aware
'you were an American." That: is not ; my
fault, however, and I take the liberty 'of
reiterating everything I -' said^ about the
war and your countrymen." .
It took tho German officers and half a
grinding yesterday, and United States
Commissioner Heacock declared that he
wished to voice his solemn protest against
the action taken by Collector of the Port
Jackson. The Commissioner insists that
each coolie claiming to h" a "native son"
should be examined Immediately upon his
arrival, so that when he presents himself
in court demanding a landing the courts
may have something upon which to in
volve him in the contradictions which
necessarily will follow from manufactured
testimony. As it is now the yellow "na
tive sons" are sent to the County Jail and
are there coached to tell the lies which
land them .is citizen voters of the United
States. And finally. If Collector Jackson
believes this not to be true The Call still
stands ready to prove every charge which
It has made if he will either permit or de
mand an investigation of the Chinese traf
fic under his administration.
Ono of the alleged native-born Chinese
whom Collector Jackson had refused to
examine or pass upon came up for ex
amination yesterday before United States
Court Commissioner Heacock. Because of
the fact that the Chinaman had been
coached in the County Jail and had an
opportunity' to compare his statement
with those of the witnesses provided for
him by his owner he made a good case,
and the Commissioner was obliged to rec
ommend to Judge de Haven that he be
allowed to land as an American citizen.
Heretofore it has been the custom for
a Chinese Inspector from the Chinese
Bureau to board . tfjre incoming steamer
and take down, the statement of the Chi
nese passengers. Whenever any alleged
native-born was refused a landing by the
Collector upon the findings of the bureau
the Immigrant was obliged to petition for
a writ of habeas corpus. The transcript
of the shorthand notes of his statement
was a . club whereby perjury was often
defeated and the' landing denied. But
when Collector Jackson announced that
he would not handle native-born cases
at all he opened a very wide door for the
wholesale admission of coolie laborers
falsely claiming to be American citizens.
United States Commissioner Heacock
said yesterday to a reporter: . "I desire
to enter ray solemn protest against this
condition of affairs. Up to the time that
the examination on shipboard of alleged
native-born was abolished by the Col
lector, the statement made by the im
migrant on board the steamer, before he
had time or opportunity to correspond
with his friends on shore was a great pro
tection to the people of the United States
against the admission of coolie laborers
under the guise of Americans. Now that
protection has been taken away and we
have absolutely nothing on which to base
an effective cross-examination of the Im
migrant or his witnesses. Such a condi
tion; of affairs should not be tolerated.
Every alleged native-born should be ex
amined immediately upon arrival by the
Chinese Bureau in the presence of no one
bat the official stenographer of the bu
reau. Unles3 this is done every alleged
native-born will have an opportuntiy of
landing with impunity. It is only when
they are examined Immediately upon
their arival that the courts have any op
portunity ¦whatever to detect and to frus
trnte conspiracy."
The Secretary of the Treasury ' has di
rected Collector Jaokson to detail an In
spector from the Chinese Bureau to at
tend to the making out of papers for Chi
nese merchants domiciled in this country
who are on the eve of departing for
China with the intention of returning.
They will have these papers on their re
turn to this country to facilitate their*
landing. .
g-ir-3ITE expected has happened. In re
fusing to consider coolie "native son"
II cases Collector Jackson has done ab
solutely nothing to reform the out
rageous traffic which Is being conducted
under his administration at this port. On
the contrary, he has encouraged and as
sisted the frauds which are being perpe
trated in this city. When The Call made
its expose of this gigantic trade in Chi
nese "citizens" and laid bare the opera
tions of the local ring which has made
thousands upon thousands of dollars of
ill-gotten profits this paper suggested and
urged upon Collector Jackson the only
practicable and honorable remedy which
could be supplied to prevent the gross vio
lations of the exclusion act.
This remedy as The Call presented it
was for Collector of the Port Jackson to
dUcuss and consider the cases of all Chi
nese landing a.t this port, take the evi
dence presented by each a.nd then remand
the Chinese "native sons" to the custody
of the courts, where their claims could
be openly.' legally and orderly investigated
by due process of lav.-. Collector Jackson
declined to do this and the expected re
sult has come.
United States Commissioner Heacock
declares that through the ruling of Col
lector Jackson not to consider "native
son" cases it is absolutely impossible to
prevent perjury, and that the laws of the
United States shall be cheated and that
through manufactured testimony and no
torious coaching questions and answers
coolie "native eons" will be created as be
fore. When The Call exposed this out
rageous, criminal violation of the exclu
sion act this paper made it very plain that
if Collector Jackson wished faithfully to
perform his duty and to kill the ring
which has been feeding in luxury at the
expense of the people of this State he
would take up every case.
As a matter of fact he cannot by any
subterfuge avoid this policy, as no "na
tive eon" Is known as such until he claims
to be one to an inspector of the Chinese
Bureau, which is under the absolute con
trol and Jurisdiction of Collector Jackson.
When the coolies land at this port all of
them come consigned to San Francisco,
according to the sworn statement of the
master of the ship upon which they come
its Chinese. It is not until an inspector of
the Chinese BTrreau begins his examina
tion that any Chinese, through the magic
of corruption, becomes a "native son" of
California. .
From the very beginning, therefore, of
the traffic Collector Jackson has authority
over everj' case and it is simply through
his absurd position that he relieves him
self from the consideration of them all.
If he be sincere, therefore, he will adopt
the only honest policy which Is open to
an honest official. He recognizes, by au
thority of his own admission, that the
grossest frauds have been perpetrated in
the landing of Chinese "native sons."
The expose made by The Call has proved
his ' admissions. He has. therefore, but
one course to pursue, and that Is to ac
cent the classification of Chinese made by
the inspectors of the Chinese Bureau and
then remand the alleged "native sons '
int " the custody of the United States
C °The mill in coolie "native sons" began
Court Commissioner Heacock Protests Against
His Course and Says That He*Cannot
Check the Incoming Tide.
Refusing to Examine Them He
Opens Wide the Door for
Bogus Native Sons.
JACKSON'S PLAN
ADMITS COOLIES
An Immediate Enforcement of the Exclusion Act
and the Restriction of Japanese Immi
gration Demanded of Congress.
Citizens in Mass-Meeting Ask Pro
tection From the Influx of
Asiatic Hordes.
«T? N'DER the direction of the united
Uj l.ibcr organizations of this city
1 a:i enthusiastic and largely at
tended mass-meeting was held last
jiig-ht in Metropolitan Hall to protest
apaln^t the violation of the Chinese ex
clusion act at this port and the alarming
influx of Japanese laborers. Resolutions
denouncing the traffic and calling upon
Congress to afford Immediate relief were
presented and unanimously adopted oy
the audience. The speakers, who pre
st nted the twin evils in their various
phases, represented every class in the
community. Officials; merchants, me
chanics, lawyers and economists sub
mitted the startling facts of the present I
Asiatic invasion at this port and pointed
out in solemn warning: the dire conse
quences which will follow, not only to the
people cf this city ar.d State but to the
people of the United States.
The t^pose^made by The Call of the
viola ticiucf the exclusion act and of the
manufacture of coolSe "native son cltl-
E'-n.s" iuriiifched a theme upon which the
?}>* alters dwelt at length to denounce the
traffic and demand that it be suppressed
by the proper authorities. The facts of
daily occurrence, which mark the coming:
of thousands of Japanese, supplied an
other subject for earnest attention and
til «-n J.11C demand that the Government
«jf tr.v.- t. iiued States take immediate
measures to suppress the evil which' has
grown to mammoth proportions.
In a ftw words W. Mac Arthur, the presi
dent of the evening, outlined the purposes
of the mi-eting, declaring them to be a
protest against the influx of Japanese la
kur, which has assumed the alarming pro
portions of an invasion. While we are go
ing to the Philippines, he said, to assimi
late the natives there the Japanese and
ITliTWT are coming here to assimilate us.
It was to voice a protect against this
menace that the meeting was called, and
it was fitting that the meeting should be
}uld under the direction of organized la
bor. He begged his hearers to believe,
however, that no class, creed or politics
dominated on the platform.
All classes, be declared, were repre
sented. All political creeds had repre
sentation. It was a meeting of Americans
called together to protest against a coolie
invasion and to prevent American com
munities from being Orientalized. The
time- is ripe tor action, and any delay is
dangerous. Those, therefore,, that do not
wish to *>irk to the level of the Chinese
and Japanese must arouse themselves for
defense. The Chinese and Japanese pos
sess many advantages as workmen, he
raid, and they cannot bt tolerated among
us except mm a menace to men of ail
classes and conditions.
• The speaker then read letters from Con
gressmen Marion de Vries and J. W.
Needham and United States Senator
Perkins. Congressmen de Vries and Need
ham expressed themselves emphatically
in opposition to the further immigration
of Japanese and in favor of the enactment i
of laws to prevent it at once. They re
ferred to interviews published In The Call
es indicating their r osition. Senator Per
kins declared that he was opposed to the '
further immigration of Japanese, but he
declared that nothing other than a rigid
enforcement of the immigration laws can
be done until the treaty with Japan is
modified.
The speaker then read a series of reso
lutions addressed to the P^epresentativea
of California in Congress. These resolu
lions were unanimously and enthusias
tically a/Jopted by the audience later !n
The evening:. The resolutions axe those
given above.
The first regular speaker of the evening
was then announced as C. L. Dam, who
rpoke long and eloquently en the local sit
uation regarding the Influx of Chinese
and Japanese laborers. He discussed
cimply the local phases of the eviL He
called attention to the fact that an aver
age of 8>XK) Japanese are entering San
Francisco every year. The number is
gradually increasing. The trades are be
ing Invaded. Cheap labor is being intro
duced an<1 Inevitably the standard- of
American life and civilization Is being de
graded.
"Between two thousand a'n'l three thou
sand Chinee 'native son' voters are
among us," he fiaid. "They were made
on the Pacific Mail dock and I am told
that if they were to demand the exercise
of their ripht to vote they would control
the balance of political power in this
city. We can pee therefore that the dan
per and the menace are upon us. We are
facing a gigantic evil in the Chinese and
now the Japanese are swarming in
¦upon us.
"They. too. will demand the right to
vote, not perhaps as 'native sons,' but as
an equal race. The Japanese believe
themselves to be a superior race. Once
we have opened the doors wide to their
presence among us no one can tell where
It a!l will end. The question Is wide and
<1eer». It demands an immediate answer
Congress owes us the remedy of exclusion
to these coolie hordes. Congress owes It
not alone to American labor, but to Amer
ican citizenship, to American civilization
to save the Vnited States from the
menace of Asiatic hordes.
"»ither treaty nor Immigration law
should b<* allowed to act as a protection
to th^e incoming armies of coolies. The
treaty can be modified or abrogated No
time Is needed for a modification of the
treaty with Janan, as provision is dis
tinctly made that both countries shall
have the risrht to exclude the laborers of
the other. The way l.« therefore clear and
open. It Is the duty cf Congress to act "
Mayor Phe!an v w?.s then Introduced
nnd wp.s received with applause. He S Md
that hf sympathized thoroughly with the
position taken by organized labor. He
f aid that from whatever point of view we
look Asiatic labor — Chinese. Japanese.
Filipino— Is Invariably Asiatic labor and
unwelcome, unsolicited and unwholesome
for us. More than that, the Chinese are
Fprlnging upon us "native sons." full-
Frrown men. votes and able-bodied voters.
They are a menace, the Mayor, said. - to
our civilization, to everything we cherish.
"I went to the Recorder's office the
other day." he said, "to look at the record
of births. I wanted to see how the record
has Increased since the charter went Into
effect. To my astonishment I discovered
WHEBEAS, It has become apparent that strenuous efforts are
being made with, the object of removing all barriers to the
free entry into the United States of Chinese upon ths expira
tion of the Chinese Exclusion act; and,
Whereas, Our expansion dictates that not only should the pol
icy of exclusion be continued, but it should be extended so as to em
brace the Japanese and to obviate the Ehortcomings of all previous
efforts in this direction by which the laws have been larg-ely nulli
fied; therefore, be it
Hesnlved, By ths citizens of San Francisco, in mass meeting as
sembled this seventh day of May, 1900, that wa urge upon Con
gress to re-enact the Chinese exclusion act, with such additions as
may be necessary to make it fully effective for the protection of
American labor; and, be it further
Resolved, That we also urge the adoption of an act of Con
gress or the adoption of such other measures as may hz necessary
for the tctal exclusion of all classes of Japanese other than mem
bers of the diplomatic staff. Such a law has become a necessity not
only on the grounds set forth in- the policy of Chinese exclusion,
but because of additional reasons resting in the fact that the as
s-imed virtue of the Japanese, i. e., their partial adoption of Ameri
can customs, makes them the more dangerous as competitors; and
be it further
Kesolved, That a copy of these resolutions be forwarded to the
Representatives and Senators of California, with a request for their
immediate action thereon.
the startling: fact that most of the entries
were those of Chinese "native sons." each
•l h £ n affldav 't of a Chinese doctor or
midwife and a 1 photograph. And nine out
or ten of these Chinese "native sons" are
Vh" r-^ ars of ase - Thls is lhe menace.
?h£ ?« A n w e wlth the knowledge
that in the Recorders office of this city "is
the registry of their birth and American
nativity and citizenship.
"This problem is not a local one. It is
not a labor problem. It la an American
question and Congress should so consider
< J Lhlnese ar <" now coming: into this city
without warrant. They are coming in
overland and underground. The Japa
nese are coming Jn the same way and will
demand the right of suffrage which the
others already claim. We cannot assim
ilate with these people. We cannot tol
erate them and we should insist from
Congress on immediate relief in legisla
tion. One of our representatives in Con
gress says that we cannot do anything?
because of the existence of a treaty with
Japan. In this respect our representative
in Congress is altogether mistaken. Con
gress always reserves the right to abro
gate a treaty. It can 60 so now with
Japan.
"If there be one thins that the people
of California have done worthy of the
commendation of the nation it is that Cal
ifornia forced Congress to adopt the ex
clusion act and protected the United
totates from the dreadful effects of Ori
ental social, moral, commercial and Intel
lectual ideals. California owes it ag-ain
to the people of the nation to insist upon
the enforcement of the Chinese exclusion
act and to demand the enactment of an
exclusion act against the Japanese.
"These Asiatic laborers will undermine
our civilization and we will repeat the
terrible experience of Rome. Already
thousands of them are in our fields dis
placing American workmen. They are in
the Sacramento and San Joaquln valleva
and in the Salinas Valley on the sugar
plantations. The time to act is come or
the remedy will be useless."
Professor E. A. Ross of Stanford Uni
versity followed in- a thoughtful and elo
quent discussion of the economic phases
of the problem. He declared that primar
ily the Chinese and Japanese are im
possible among us because they cannot
assimilate with us; they represent a. dif
ferent and an inferior civilization to our
own and mean by their presence the deg
radation of American labor and American
life. We demand a protection for the
American workmen as well as for Amer
ican products, the speaker insisted. And
should the worst come to the worst it
would be better for us if we were to turn
our gur;s upon every vessel bringing Jap
anese tfj our shores rather than to permit
them to land.
T. V. Eddy followed, speaking at some
length and reviewing generally what hs
predecessor had said. He declared that
the protection of a people cannot be sac
rificed by constitution, statute or treaty
and that all should give way to the
higher demand which a people makes for
protection against an Inferior race
t* TI \% !^ st speaker of the evening was P.
H. McCarthy,, whose address was neces
sarily brief as the hour was late He
confined himself to a recital of what he
claimed, to be incidents where Japanese
have di Vlaced white men and white
women in employment in shops, factories
and the fields. "In The Call of last Wednes
day." he said, "was a communication to
the editor of that paper from a man
named Wehner, who declared that he was
not in sympathy with the policy of The
Call in opposing Japanese immigration
and that in his opinion there is room for
20.WO more Japanese in this State.
"You all know this man Wehner. He
came here, opened the panorama of 'The
Battle of Manila,' and closed it because
he employed cheap labor. It is such as
he who would brin? the Japanese among
us. In this State .a per cent of the sugar
beets produced are produced by Japanese
labor. It would be better if no sujjar
beets were raised than to have them un
der such conditions. Are we going to
permit the sugar barons to solve this
problem for us??"
With this address the meeting clo'sed
and It was announced that probably many
more will be held before the agitation
ceases.
WARNING AGAINST COOLIE
"NATIVES" AND JAPANESE
THJ5 SAK KBAKOI5CO CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 8, 1900.
12
INVASION OF CHINESE AND JAPANESE DENOUNCED.
/Miss Lillian Blakeslee of Corry Pa
who has been under medical treatment fo°"
years for consumption, coughed up a coll
lar ¦ button . the other day. and is rapldly
recovering. '
The whiskey that touches the right spot <>very
time ia Jesse Moore; to be had from all first-
cIsues deaUrs,
Belgian hare news every week in the Park
News. Get a copy. An authority. •< .
"THE MOUNTAIN
comes to Mohammed" In our case, as
work piles in upon us from every quarter
without being sought. A'^ve do Is to giva
satisfaction and turn uu. v.vork that can-
not be excelJ*'i. ;\n6 cuA customers do
our advertising. Ko frayed edges on your
collars, cuffs or shirts, but everything
looking as spick, span and' new as right
iron) the furnishers. One trial Is sufficient.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street,
ISear PowelL
Telephone— Office. South 42O,
Laundry. South 4-18.
M/£iA&2^ DR * PIERCE ' S
ELEGTR| °
v^^^^v^" DlL 1 1
THIS BELT 13 WAR.
/J\*» ranted to be th« latest im-
proved, most powerful amt
In all respects the best now manufactured la
any part of the world. Its equal does not exist.
The Galvanometer. shows Its electric current to
be double that of any other. Kaslly regulated.
Durably Insulated. Latest Improved attach-
ments. Special conductors and electrodes.
Double wire nusper.sory for men. It will cure
any disease on earth that It la possible to cure
with electricity, and it cures when others fall.
Buy no belt till you see "Dr. Pierce's."
"Booklet No. 2." free at offlce or sent by mail
for a 2-cent stamp, tells all about it. Addresa
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street.
(Opp. Talace Hotel). SAN FRANCISCO
Eastern Offlce— New York City.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE" HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Maiial
on Application.
ATTORNEY."
F. IL MERZBACH. lawyer. 503 Cal.. Clunie b?.
COAL. COKB AND P1<1 1IJOX
J C WII SON R C ft 90e Battery Street.
J.lr THL3WI tt U/«, Telephone Main 1S64. ~
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BL.TTH. Her.
CW SMITH ££ lp Steamboat an^
,VJ7. f»"*Ut ship Work a specialty. IS aat
is Washington st. Telephone Main 6$«.
FRESH AM3 SALT MEATS.
JASBOYES&CO shl PP tn « Butchers. .10*
JMJ- WILJft Wm Clay. Tel Main 1294.
PAPRU DKALER1.
W«I I i'WFTTF P^U* and PAPEK CO..
n.LLAJIClIC 722 Montgomery st.
PU1.NT1NJ.
E. C RIIfiHFs printer.
C V* UUUUC3. Elt Sansocie St.. S. r.
STATIONS? AND PRINTED.
Tel S p ,. hlc PAHTRIDdE ** SST^
WHITE ASfl STEAM COAL.
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO at "?» CREF-N"
RIVER TOLLIERIES. la the Rest Coal la th*
market. Offlce and Yards — tiO Main street.
W66llyGt$1.0flBS!!eai
•Hale's. :¦• j .Hff; 3 :
, trunks i||W I
worthj. oar
I IB A B/Vjr / »J3. •¦»
Kood. stronjr vacation trunV, 30 lneh*« VWf \ Jb»%
Ion*, with * cleaU on top and 2 on <H»i: BJ. Hi «irftf'' \ T
¦with tray; hrfght of trunk. 13^4 inche«..$3.S7 Wmun" \ V -YD 1
strong flat-ton trunk, 4 cleaU on top, BCM. il VVtAf 7
linen faced. 2 treys, good lock. 34 Inch" y BJbj"tf,'" \ \
extra" Vtronr trunk, with 2 trays, linen SSBSa^K ''• ..iM'T "'
lined, with 4 cleats on top. bra*R bumr»r». B*n£r ! XF»tV' *V
and Ftraps. 32 Inches lone. 22 Inches hltrh ftA^W?i t\ 7/ Ct
fine cotton, woven htim- J %
mock, with steel stretcher ii&'zSlraWOTV
strong cotton woven ham- f__^f 3<f *t rv^TV.,W'\ L
mr,ck.«, with stretcher arvl "^r^-vySJ \V vL I ~,/V* \ X.
Pl i^in,^ 6 n^ m ock:"w\t 2 h 5 j
••Palmer" hammock, with L V ', 'l *^^S3
valance, extra largo ?lze. &\ X I 'It .r'JjrS&SA
closely woven; an exira fine T I J[ ijitrfrZii^ \££
hammock; most folks don"t wish n. VSfi fc
better one,; 3SxS: ~^^ *1& •
wooden plates, per dozen 8c . h#
telescopic satchels : oiershlrts: . i
etrenK telescope satchel*. 10 lnche« her* is an unusual offering: orer-
lone lust the thing to carry lunch shirts in twills, bedford cords and £
ions, j" - 25,. rateens; also in dark and medium '
FRine""but 12 inches Ions, 35c; 13 »h%des; black and white stripes; h
Inches Ions *^ w ell cut. sewn and made; mad*
imenes ion» ia .
bags and suit cases : . . . H
pressed rhe«pskin imitation alliga- DaO| CamagBS . R
tor flub bags, with nickel lock and rood> Ftronff earrUffe> wtth K>
trimmings, cloth »nea. is ., n -i, foot brake and wood top; uphols- J
10-lnch £»nch »->nch l|-lnch t ered In various colortn B s $7.25
Tic 90c iJlwaMnTi aiiiVa Iul1 •'»* carriage, with foo;
pressed sheepskin imitation aUlKa- fe fc d bheT tjred wnee i s .. |lw ft
pater cabinet ba e-£teel frame. fine reed body baby carriage, hand- \
cloth lined, brass lock and trim- rome i y nsholstered in velvet, with i
mings: rubber tire wheels and foot brake jri
O12-lnch 1 V, l^ h mSS J14M 5?
tl."o *L*> *..fc __ the same carriage, upholstered in SQ
dress-?ult rasfs, covered with in- Mt ln J13 7a £
tra heavy waterproof rubber «»"»"»- reed" body baby' carrla?- ophols- £
canvas lined, steel i™"*' «« «We terM , n cord> tlre< i g
Inside straps, brass lock and trim- wnw? i s an a brake $13.75
m 22-'lnch 24-lnch 2«-tnch I (a great variety of go-carts in W
12.50 JI.75 $3.00 l basement.) r]
-»«r« In planning your shopping days always remember "Hale's Is th« £>¦:
SIOlC six o'clock house." for we cl»«e at six o'clock every nlsrht. even Btf
nawi Mtiirdays. the second story of our new store Is now In skeleton
P.CIISi form- watch how quickly the bricklayers and stonemasons will M
clone the skeleton steel frames; we ehall move In the fall, and wise house-
£zzi s *v? sr^nL, ! r^^cp^e a n wiii'^k?v >ve out - wheo i