ADOLFH SOHER, A FUGITIVE FROM JUSTICE.
to enjoy their dishonest gain have again
been filled and the inheritance of a family
that could 111 epare a loss has been taken
away. The name of an honest man has
gone and the names of the race track
gamblers are still legion. The story that
now adds to the sad many which San
Francisco has heard is a pitiful, one.
Adclph Soher. administrator by suf- |
frage for years past of th^ estate of his j
Af-aA father. Dr. Lewis Soher. now rests
under the stigma that falls upon those
known to be fugitives from justice. Like
many before him. who have been drawn
ir.to the pitfalls of ruin, his future offer
ed as good as life affords— honor and hon
orable position in the service of the Gov
ernment—until he feil a victim to temp
tation. A few days ago, however — early
thls w»ck— the thought of prison bars ar.d
a life behind them came uppermost, in his
rr.lnd, and. tearing away from the ten
tacles that hold a gambler to a lif* that
hnp*>s for gain through the medium of
racetracks and their managers, he fled
the city, an embezzler in the cum of $22,- i
El 5 30. Ignorant of his whereabouts and j
heartbroken through her knowledge of j
his peculations. Mrs. Soher, wife of the j
fugitive, paces her rooms in a downtown ;
hotel, the name ard location of which is !
withheld that the unfortunate woman j
may not be made to suffer more through j
the Inquiry of anxious friends ar.d the I
demands of excited heirs and creditors.
Mrs. Soher is the daughter of Ben K.
Thorn, California's oldest Sheriff. For
twenty-r.ine years Mr. Thorn has been in
the service of the people of Calaveraa
County, the old stamping ground of
Joaquln Murietta, the notorious bandit,
and scores of his ilk. No man is better
known in all the West than Mr. Thorn,
ar.d the sorrow that has fallen to his
daughter's lot will be the sorrow of the
mar.y who know the father.
Yielded to Temptation.
Though Sober possessed a strong mind,
not easily yielding to temptation, and one
which for twenty years held him upper
most in the respect of the Postoffice au
thoritks by whom he was employed, the
glamor of the racetrack, the hope of sud
don gain at Tar.foran or Oakland, led him
from a life of honest pursuit, caused him
to forget wife and family and has left
upen him :he brand that follows those of
his kind through life to its end. His
brothers ar.d sisters, heirs with him to the
estate of his- deceased father, will not be
the losers, it is true. A bond of JUS.OX) I
to protect tl.ise interested in the estate
was given Vy Adolph Soher with the |
American Sumy Company of New York
ac guarantors and upon this corporation
the loss will falL
Yesterday afternoon when James R.
Garaiss, residert manager of the corpora
tion, with offices at 213 Sansome street.
>arred of Soh>r's defalcation he mani
fested no surprise. "They fall like the
U-ave* of autua-.n." he mused, and then,
like the many learned in finance, sought
his statistics an 1 added that during the
past year S7 per cent of his company's
profits had been squandered at the gam
bling tables, at the tracks or in similar
ways, and those whom he trusted had
found homes either ia prison or In allea
the story of Solar's crimes as much inter
est centers.
Victim of Racetrack Gambling.
Ado!ph Soher fell because the passion
for racetrack Rambling laid hold of him
with an irresistible grasp. When he had
placed to his own credit in bank the many
thousands that accrued from the sale of
his late father's property, according- to
the court's order, a vision of great pros
pective wealth spread before him. and he
beg-an to use the money which he held in
trust. In his own eyes the salary which
he received from the Government was
not only meager beyond description, but
slow in its monthly advent. The racetrack
was tfce means by which Adolph Soher
Fought to build a fortune by sudden bold
jumps.
At the very beginning of the year
Sofcer's dislike for the routine labor of
the postcffice "weighed so heavily upon
his disposition" that he determined to cut
it out of his life, at any rate for the time
being. With the fever of gambling in his
veins, he secured a leave of absence for
three months and then began a daily ¦visi
tation to the racetrack- His Intention at
first was to play lightly, but loss upon
loss drove him deeper and deeper Into the
mire, from which he could extricate him
self only by a Correspondingly heavy re
coupment. From Oakland to Tanforan
and from Tanforan to Oakland he fol
lowed the horses, rarely missing a race.
A Heavy Bettor.
with a bag full of money he would cross
the bay or board a train and place big
sums on every race on the card. It was
not long before Soher became a well
known and familiar figure on the track.
Around town he met all the racetrack
habitues and many other men of sporting
proclivities, Forae of whom borrowe<l
money from him for the same purpose of
amassing wealth by "easy" means. Grant
Israel gave him an I. O. U. for $700, most
of which was placed on a horse that did
not win. And there were others who
helped deplete the 122.000 bank roll that
came from the sale of property that bo
longed not to him alone but to all of the
heirs of the Soher estate alike.
Soher as a Litigant.
In November of last year Soher first
brought himself into public notice by
causlng a complaint to be registered
against a friend in whose hands he placed
several hundred dollars ostensibly to be
placed on a "straight tip" at the track.
Whether or not the "friend" played the
tip Is not known, but as he "never came
back" Soher decided to prosecute him.
Soher's determination to prosecute, how
ever, availed him but little, as the friend
Ls still at large.
A month before this proceeding Soher
occupied the unenviable position of plain
tiff In a unique suit to recover damages,
brought by James King, proprietor of the
Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor streets.
Soher refused to pay his rent and King
sued. Soher. in a cross-complaint, said
that the constant demands of the landlord
had affected his wife's heart and had con
fined her to her bed for a period of six
THE expose of the gigantic local
ring dealing In coolie citizens
made yesterday by The Call
startled the people of San Fran
cisco. The outrageous traffic of
making native-born American cit
izens and voters out of coolies was the
therre of general comment. For nearly
three years the wretched business has
been in prosperous progress, shielded by
the practical secrecy of the Chinese Bu
reau, which offers no check or hindrance.
Month after month "native sons" have
been admitted, and now after thirty-four
months of service Colonel John P. Jack
son has to his discredit the astounding
record of having admitted. to a residence
and citizenship 3000 Chinese slaves. Thesu
facts are startling, but they cannot be
controverted, and they tell only one phasy
of the operations of the criminal con
spiracy to defeat the exclusion act.
The members of the ring were not In
their accustomed haunts yesterday. There
was dullness and inactivity in the Chinese
Bureau, and no coolie laden wagons were
speeding from the Mail dock Into China
town. A lull had come In the disgraceful
business and the ringsters were tem
porarily under cover. At the dock of the
Pacific Mall Steamship Company the in
spectors of the Chinese Bureau resumed
their farcical examinations in the after
noon." The same simple, absurd routine
cf questioning which was exploited yes
terday by The Call was the order of the
day, but visitors were not welcome. The
story of the steamer China is to be re
peated In another of the Doric. "
Some conception of the tremendous
character of the traffic In "native sons"
may be gained from the fact that ' tha
Doric has forty-one on boar.!., The China
had forty-nine, a total of ninety "native
born" coolie citizens arriving and de
manding admission and citizenship in ten
days. And yet this mill of scoundrels has
been In uninterrupted operation for near
ly three years. Collector Jackson and the
authorities of the Chinese Bureau insist
Continued on Ninth Pa*%
(Continued on Ninth Page.)
tive born dtlaens of the United States,
entitled each to a vote and all the privi
leges of a citizen.
Collector Jackson insists that the law
gives him the right to do as he has done
In connection with Chinese "native sons."
No one has ever disputed the fact, but
Collector Jackson does not add that he
also has the power under the law to do
as he has not done, to refer all "native
born" cases to the courts, where a thor
ough Investigation made by competent
men can be bad to determine the place
of nativity. Collector Jackson declared
over a year ago that he intended to refer
all "native born" cases to the courts for
determination. He said he knew the dan
ger of handling them. He probably has
a reason for not doing as he promised.
In outlining and characterizing the ring
of Chinese lawyers yesterday the name of
one precious member of the gang was
omitted. It was not mentioned because Its
owner bears no relation to that official
circle which gives power and capacity for
fraud. Colonel George H. Pippy. Frank
V. Bell and George A. - McGowan have
powerful friends and are deservedly to be
ranked as the leaders In the outrageous
traffic that not only menaces the city but
has already injured It. They are-the con
spirators in chief, but In the odium that
attaches to their wretched business Gas
ton Straus, the partner of Bell, should
not be forgotten. Straus works among
the Chinese, speaking their language and
a Iying-ln hospital at that. These 600 "na
tive sons," like the remaining 2400 of Colo
nel Jackson's other native-born citizens,
all remembered the house they were born
In, the street and 'the number and the
floor. It is strange that not one of them
should forget this important fact. It
might puzzle some Americans to remem
ber a similar fact in connection with- their
own lives, but the Chinese have good
memories and careful parents.
Collector. Jackson has not noticed either
that nearly all of his "native-born" citi
zens divide their birthplaces among three
houses in Chinatown, one of which Is 913
Dupont street, " where Colonel George H.
Plppy's "native son" Lee Woo first saw
the light of day, but not with his eyes. The
other two houses are the Globe Hotel, on
the northwest corner of Dupont and Jack
son streets, and the building on the south
east corner of Commercial and Dupont
streets. It would seem that Chinese did
not breed in any other part of Chinatown.
i If Collector of the Port Jackson had re
membered these things ; and associated
with them facts that usually suggest
themselves to intelligent men, the people
of San Francisco would not now be dis
cussing" the deeply significant fact that In
thirty-four months over. 10,000 Chinese
have forced the barriers of the Exclusion
act, and' that "among them "and the very
dregs of them all, the most degraded la
borers and debased coolies, are 3000 na-
i that they are Intelligent men, capable of
conducting their business. Yet they have
been unable to discover anything of un
usual interest in the startling fact that
the vast majority of the 3000 "native
born" citizens which they have admitted
to San Francisco left this city before June
6, ISS2. As men .who know their business
Collector Jackson and the officers of the
Chinese Bureau should know that these
coolie slaves, who are now "native sons,"
say they left before June 6, ISS2, because
after that day the Government has a rec
ord .of every departing Chinese. Such a
palpable fraud would deceive no one. Yet
the officials are now dealing with over
four score of these same precious "na
tives," who arrived on the China and the
Doric. * Nearly all of the "natives", on the
China left their "native" land before that
interesting date. If Collector Jackson no
ticed nothing strange in the fatal date
the " Pippy-Bell-McGowan ring did, and
took advantage of it;
There is another significant fact In con
nection with' the Importation of "Chinese
slaves, as -"native sons" that Collector
Jackson probably has not noticed. He will
find by inspecting the records of the Chi
nese • bureau * that 600 of his native-born
Chinese citizens Rnd voters were born in
a single house in Chinatown, and It Is not.
CONSTERNATION SEIZES THE
MEMBERS OF THE CHINESE RING
Plot of Local Slave-Dealers to Import Women
as Wives of Merchants.
EMBEZZLED TRUST
FUNDS FOR RACE
TRACK GAMBLING
Adolph Soher Robs His
Father's Heirs to Squan
der a Fortune on the
Course.
?
Victim of the Gamblers Flees From
the State to Escape Arrest— The
Stolen Money Secured by the
American Surety Company.
THE race track and its gambling
harpies have added another name to
their long roll of victims and an
other crime has been added to the
ghastly record which has brought
shame and distress, dishonor and death to
to many cf the people of this city. The
gamblers of the race course have dis
graced and destroyed another home of
San Francisco. They have sent another
yourg man !r:io f.ight a fugitive from
Justice and from the reproaches of those
he has robbed.
The coffers of the men who invade the
State to prey upon its people and leave it
lands. Five hundred thousand dollars, ne
said, represented the American Surety
Company's loss during the past year
through the embezzlement of its clients
and its name was scarce heard of in the
courts as such a loser. Widber. the trust
ed Treasurer of this city and county,
¦whose peculations amounted to SIOO.O.X) and
more, was not on his list; neither were
many more whose crimes are of public
knowledge. Still, out of the coffers of his
company those who have been led astray
by the temptations of the track -and the
gaming table have lifted half a million
dollars. In this the moral rests, but in
dealing with them. Bell works at th*
Custom-house, and between the two the
factory of "native sons." "merchants."
"tourists" and "students" la maintained.
Startling as was the expose of The Call
yesterday, it was not the entire story oC
the operations of the audacious and dan
gerous ring In this city. The favored at
torneys who enjoy friendship of officiate
and land native sons, merchants, tour
ists and students have worked with such
remarkable success that the local Chi
nese slave dealers and some merchants
expected soon to have more work for
them to do. It was to be work in their
own peculiar sphere— the landing of
slaves In San Francisco. The only differ
ence was that the slaves were to be
women and not men.
Not long ago the United States Supreme
Court rendered a decision In which it
ruled that the wives of merchants are en
titled to a landing in this country. This
was the very opportunity for which the
Chinese slave dealers In this country had
been waiting for years. The most rigid
efforts have been made at this port to
exclude Chinese women slaves. The ting
deals in men, not In women, by no vir
tuous scruples, but simply because It has
been easier to land men than to land
women. Hordes of "merchants" have
been landed and now the Supreme Court
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 145.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.
The San Francisco Call
Ho Vow Promises to
Ask His Government
to Investigate the
Gigantic Frauds Un
masked by The Call.
THE STARTLING EXPOSE OF THE
LOCAL RING ENGAGED IN LAND
ING THOUSANDS OF COOLIES IN
THIS CITY AND MAKING AMERICAN
CITIZENS OF THEM CREATED A
SENSATION YESTERDAY. THE PA
CIFIC MAIL DOCK WAS DESERTED
AND NO COOLIE-LADEN WAGONS
LEFT IT FOR CHINATOWN. THE
SCHEMERS WERE NOT AROUND
THEIR USUAL HAUNTS AND THERE
WAS A LULL IN THE TRADE. AND
NOW UPON THE FIRST EXPOSE
COMES ANOTHER. THE UNITED
STATES SUPREME COURT HAS DE
CIDED THAT MERCHANTS' WIVES
HAVE A RIGHT TO LAND WITH
THEIR CHINESE HUSBANDS. ON
THE FIRST DAY OF THIS MONTH
THE SLAVE DEALERS OF THIS CITY
SENT AN AGENT TO HONGKONG TO
SECURE A HORDE OF "MERCHANTS'
WIVES.". *You will find pages worth
framing in the Easter edition
of The Call which appears next \
Sunday. For excellence in ar- .
tistic work and perfect repro-
duction this number excels
all other Easter editions ever '
published.
ACTOR M'DOWELL
AGAIN BREAKS DOWN
Performance Discontinued Owing to
His Inability to Bemember
His Lines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX CITY, lowa, April 13.— The
Walsh-McDowell Theatrical Company was
compelled to discontinue a performance
of "Fedora" here to-night In the middle of
the third act, owing to McDowell's inabil
ity to remember his lines. Manager Stern
attributed the difficulty to illness, but Mc-
Dowell's peculiar behavior and a similar
occurrence recently at Omaha gives the
general impression that tiie trouble is
more serious.
Disastrous Boiler Explosion.
WHEELING. W. Va., April 13.— Two
boilers in the furnace department of the
Riverside plant of the j National Tube
Company exploded to-day, carrying the
boilers 150 feet and destroying three build
ings and boilers In the steel works and
water works. Several workment were in
jured, two seriously.- Three thousand
workmen will be thrown out of. employ
ment for ten days. The tube works were
not affected. The loss is about $50,000.
CANAL BILL'S
SUPPORTERS
ARE ACTIVE
Committee on Rules Peti
tioned to Name a Day
Tor Consideration.
Despite the Fact That Many Members
Sign the Appeal It Is Said the ;
Desired Report Will Not ;
Se Returned.
—¦ • —
WASHINGTON, April 13.— 1n the House
to-day Hepburn of lowa asked unanimous
consent to set aside May 1 for. the con
sideration of the Nicaragua canaj bill.
"I object," shouted Burton of Ohio, em
phatically.
Following Burton's notice 'of objection
Hepburn took steps to overcome this ob
jection. A petition to the Com
mittee on Rules was prepared, re
questing that body, to fix a 'time
for taking up the canal bill. Hepburn
circulated the petition on the Republican
side, and, up to the time of adjournment,
obtained Blxty-one signatures. He said
he considered this a good showing, con
sidering the small attendance. Adamson,
who circulated the petition on the Demo
cratic side, said:
"There is no opposition whatever on this
side, and every man present to-day has
signed the petition. If the attendance
had been larger we would have had many
more signatures, but as it Is," the number
exceeds sixty, and many more will be
added as fast as members can be seen."
Notwithstanding these efforts, it was
intimated pretty strongly in well-informed
quarters that the Committee on Rules
was not likely to bring In a special rule.
The members of the committee declined,
however, to make any definite statement
on the question.
GREAT POWERS
MAY BE DEFIED
BY THE CHINESE
Should Their Note Be Ignored
They Will Resort to
Coercion.
United States Government Acts Inde
pendently in the Movement for
the Suppression of the
"Boxers."
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, April 13.—
Authoritative Information has been re
ceived here confirming the report that
Great Britain, France, Germany and Italy
recently addressed a joint note to the
Tsung LI Yamen demanding that China
take measures within two months to sup
press the "boxers" and threatening in
case of refusal to take forcible measures
themselves to establish order In the em
pire. Russia did not Join in the note for
the reason that she is an "Asiatic power"
and it would be inadvisable for her to
take any such action.
The best Information obtainable here is
that Minister Conger did not sign the joint
note, though it is understood he addressed
a communication to the Tsung Li Yamen
demanding In strong terms that measures
be taken for the suppression of the soci
ety and that American citizens and their
interests be fully protected.
There is a disposition in official circles
to believe that China will not seriously at
tempt to comply with the demands of the
powers, but at the end of the time limit
fixed will endeavor to secure an exten
sion. It is hoped that the assembling of
warships at Taku will Impress upon the
Chinese Government the fact that Europe
means that foreigners in China shall not
be subject to outrageous attacks and that
the anti-foreign society must be disbanded
and Its ringleaders imprisoned and pun
ished.
Further than to land American sailors
to act as a guard for the. American Min
ister at Peking or protect' American inter
ests In the immediate vicinity of the an
chorage of the vessels to which they are
attached American troops will not be Bent
to China and if Minister. Conger has made
any threat of this character It will cer
tainly be disavowed:
SACRAMENTO. April 13.— The Impor
tant piece of news in baseball cir
cles at this hour is the announce
ment that "Jay" Hughes, the peer
less pitcher of the Brooklyn pen
nant winners, has become a member of
; the GIH Edge nine of Sacramento after
refusing an offer of J2COO and $200 traveling
expenses from the Brooklyns for a term
of service of eight months. The question
as to whether "Jay" Hughes would re
turn to Brooklyn or stay in Sacramento
remained in the balance until 7:30 o'clock
to-night, when, after a consultation with
the local representatives, Hughes au
thorized The Call correspondent to say
that he would decline the Brooklyn offer
and stay in Sacramento. The news will
be received with enthusiasm by the lovers»
of the game in Sacramento.
Some idea of the public estimation of
Hughes' ability may be gained from the
fact that a couple of days ago Harry R.
Blair of this city, who is an enthusiastic
attendant cf the ball games, though not
even in the remotest sense connected with
their management, started out among his
merchant friends to raise a purse of $800
to be paid to Hughes as a bonus to induce
him to stay here, without respect to the
handsome salary which the Gilt Edges
have promised him.
Staid members of the Chamber of Com
merce have not only contributed their pro
rata to the purse_ but have even aided in
the circulation of the petition among their
associates. This fund has been completed
and will prove a factor in keeping Hughes
here. But while Hughes will not lose any
thing In "a financial way In declining the
Brooklyns' tempting offer, there has been
a more potent consideration than coin In
moving Hughes to his decision. Last week
Jay Hughes led to the altar a Sacramento
girl. Miss Mary Waters, and his wire pre
fers this city to any place on earth. Jay
is as bashful as a schoolboy about his love
affair, and nobody knew of his marriage
until some days after its occurrence. The
event took place a week ago, Rev. Father
Quinn performing the ceremony, and Miss
Josephine Waters, a sister of the bride,
acting as bridesmaid and John Haverlan,
a friend of the groom, as best man.
"Jay has made the home-run of his
life," declare his friends, and all the gold
of the Eastern clubs will not now drag
him away from the fireside which he has
created In Sacramento.
POPULISTS AND
DEMOCRATS OF
OREGON UNITE
Silver Republicans Held No
Convention, but Joined
the Others.
Chicago Platform With the Fusion
Money Plank of 1896 Is R3
afnrmed and Bryan
Indorsed.
PORTLAND, Or., April 13.— The State
conventions of the Democrats and Popu
lists after being in session for two days
effected a fusion of the two parties and
adjourned this evening.
The Silver Republicans also joined In the
fusion movement, though they held no
convention. Both the Democrats and
Populists indorsed W. J. Biyan for the
Presidential nomination, but the Populist
delegates to the National Convention were
Instructed to vote for no other Democrat
for. the nomination for President and to
vote only for a Populist for Vice Presi
dent. During the debate on the adoption
I of the confeience report F. V. Holrnan, a
well known Gold Democrat of Portland,
entered a vigorous protest against fusion
with the Populists. Mr. Hoiman said the
Democratic party is great enough and
broad enough to take in every voter who
is opposed to Mr. McKinley and the poli
cies of the Republican party. If the Pop
ulists wish to support Democratic canai
dates let them do so.
'"I' believe the issue of free coinage ot
silver is no longer a living issue. I wish
so long as possible to contribute succesa
and triumph of Democratic principles as
I understand them and to support the
Democratic candidate for President. Bui
1 am a Democrat— not a Populist. This
convention was called a Democratic con
vention and to nominate a Democratic
ticket — not. to nominate, support or in
dorse Populist candidates as such. If
there are any candidates to be chosen by
this convention, let them be nominated a3
Democrats and only as Democrats."
The following is the fusion ticket com
plete:
Justice of the Supreme Court, William
Ramsey, Democrat.
Food and Dairy Commissioner, William
M. Schulmerich, Populist.
Congressmen— First District, Bernard
Daly, Democrat; Second District, William
C. Smith, Populist.
, Presidential Electors— Ernest- Kroner,
Populist; John Whittaker, Populist; Dell
Stuart, Democrat; W. M. Pierce, Demo
crat.
The Populists receive three and the
Democrats six District Attorneys In the
State.
The fusion platform as adopted reaf
firms in Its entirety the Chicago platform
of 1896 and the money plank adopted by
the fusionlsts of Oregon in IS9S, which de
clared for the free and unlimited coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. The plat
form favors en Income tax, the election ot
United States Senators by direct vote oi
the people and the Initiative and referen
dum, and opposes Government by injunc
tion.
On the Philippines It says: "The Fili
pinos cannot be citizens without endanger
ing our civilization; they cannot be sub
jects without endangering our form of
government. We favor an immediate*
declaration of the nation's purpose to
give to the Philippines— first, a stable form
of government; second, independence, and
third, protection from outside interfer
ence. We favor the expansion of trade by
every legitimate and peaceful means, but
we are opposed to purchasing trade at
the cannon s mouth with human blood."
Sympathy is expressed for the Boers,
and the Porto Rican tariff bill is con
demned.
The platform demands that articles con
trolled by trusts shall be placed on the
free list and that laws be enacted that
will effectually suppress and destroy all
trusts. Government ownership of the tel
egraph is Indorsed.
The middle-of-the-road Populist con
vention, with nine delegates present, nom
inated a ticket and elected seventeen dele
gates to the national convention at Cin
cinnati.
Suisun Republicans Organize.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SUISUN, April 13.— A Republican club
with a membership of 94 names was or
ganized here this evening. It was named
the McKinley and Metcalf Republican
Club of Suisun. Judge A. F. Hitchcock
was elected president and Edward Dlnkel
spiel secretary. R. D. Robbins and Hon.
Alden Anderson were elected delegates to
the Los Angeles Convention of the State
League of Republican Clubs. A resolu
tion was passed strongly favoring the re
nomlnatlon of William McKinley for Pres
ident of the United States and of Victor
H. Metcalf for Congressman from, the-
Suffragists Elect Officers.
SAN JOSE, April 13.— At the annual
meeting of the Santa Clara County Equal
Suffrage Club to-day the following offi
cers were elected: President, Mrs. A. A.
Corbett of Palo Alto; vice president, Mrs.
Thurber of East San Jose; recording sec
retary, Mrs. Ina A. Orvis of San Jose; cor
responding secretary, Mrs. Dr. A. C.
Avery of San Jose; treasurer, Miss L. S.
Morgan of San Jose; audltor^Mrs. Josie
L. Jones of San Jose.
• Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. . One dose will stop
a couxh. Never rails. Try It. All drusstiU. •
Stops the Cou«h andt.U orkx Off the Cold.
. Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets cure a cold
la one dar. -Ko cur*, do par. Price ZSc
Spring
is the Time
When the eystem most needs Hood's Sar-
eaparilla and when It will derive moat
benefit from Its use. The blood is now im-
pure, the appetite fails, the stomach Is
weak. This great medicine overcomes
these troubles, tones the stomach and di-
gestive organs, purifies and enriches the
blood.
MOOD'S
Sarsaparißßa
U America's Greatest Medicine. Price %L
AMSRA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
Nome, St. Michael, Dawson
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CAi ING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
.FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM maW FRANCISCO.. o o -pnn-PT 4X ~,.
FROM SEATTLE ...V. | | ..™^ Nly " A P rtl »• »<»
from san francisco :....:::: 3 : 1: S^k^zTj S: SS
FOR; NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS'
FROM BAN. FRANCISCO s g .. <3T jt... -
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Emy Fortaljw' Tbereafer. """"**' *
For JuneauS^^lnce William Sound, Cooks Inlet.
FROM SEATTX:*:^^
; • : AND MONTOLT^EREAFTE^"" COmiaencln « W«*
Fornew^blders. maps and further particular* v ta fr«.i»>,.
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANT. M 0 fiansome stVe£ Ll v * * * nd apply to ALAB-
For Seattle sailings apply to CAPT. JA3? CARROiJ* V^f" 00 " • ClU -
v«n«uLU 84 Tealer bulldin*. Seattle. WasD.
BATTLE FOR POSSESSION
OF DOROTHY WAINWRIGHT
Her Guardian Claims She Is Be-
strained of Her, Liberty by Her
Grandfather.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, \ April 13.— Harry H.
Walnwrlght, a coal dealer of San Fran
cisco, to-day obtained a writ of habeas
corpus in the Supreme Court here as a
preparatory step to- a' big battle which
will shortly be waged for the guardian
ship of Dorothy Walnwright, a minor. '
In the application for the writ Waln
wright alleges that on the death of hi.s
brother, Edward Walnwright, his niece,
Dorothy Walnwright, was assigned, to
gether with her estate, into his guardian
ship, and that she is being imprisoned and
restrained of her liberty by her grand
father, Theodore Van Tassel of Sausalito.
The Illegality of this action as set forth
in the application consists in the fact that
the child is withheld from the custody and
control of Walnwright, who is her quali
fied guardian. Dorothy Walnwright, the
bone of contention, last week went to Van
Tassel's house at Sausalito to visit her
sister Edith, who was adopted -by the
Van .Tassels on the death of their daughter
and the children's mother. She has ever
since then been at Van Tassel's house and
Wainwright claims that she Is kept there
by forcible means. •
Last Monday Van Tassel made applica
tion to the Superior Court of Marln for
letters of adoption on behalf of Edith
Walnwright. van Tassel claims that the
child is compelled to perform menial labor
by Henry walnwright and Is otherwise 111
treated. Judge M. C. Dufflcy, who Is act
inic in behalf of Van-Tassel, claims'that
his client Is within the la.w in retaining
possession of his . granddaughter. The
writ of habeas corpus is made returnable
on April 29, when the motion will .be
heard before Superior Judge Angellottl.
Oliver Ellsworth Is acting as Wain
wright's attorney.
May Issue Bonds.
SANTA ROSA. April 13.— The matter of
the application of the Bohemian Club of
San Francisco for permission to execute
a mortgage of $27,000 ana to Issue bonds
was hearo: by Judge Burnett to-day. The
Jud.ge made an order granting both peti
tions. - .¦"¦¦-¦.- ..,-; \- '.:¦¦
PRESIDENT M'KINLEY'S
SECRETARY RESIGNS
111-Health Causes Mr. Porter's With
drawal and He Is Succeeded by
¦/V George B. Cortelyou.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— Owing to
continued 111 health, John Addlson Porter,
secretary to the President, has tendered
his resignation and the President has ac
cepted it, to take effect on May 1 next.
George B. Cortelyou of New York, the
present assistant secretary, has been ap
pointed to succeed him.
Mr. Porter's health was seriously im
paired about a year ago by a severe at
tack of illness, and since then he has
been at times relieved somewhat from
the onerous duties of his office; but falling
to regain his health and believing that
complete separation from official cares is
essential to his speedy and permanent re
covery, the secretary has been con
strained to tender his resignation, whicti
the President has reluctantly accepted.
His physicians enjoin complete rest and
change, that he may have every facility
for rapid improvement.
Mr. Cortelyou was born In New York
City on July 26, 1562. His grandfather.
Peter Croyleus Cortelyou Sr., for forty
years a member of the type-founding
firm of George Bruce & Co., and his
father, Peter C. Cortelyou Jr., were prom
inent figures In New York^buslness and
social circles a generation ago. In 1884
he. was appointed confidential stenogra
pher In the United States Appraiser's
office at New York, but resigned upon the
change of administration In March. 1885.
In October, 1889, he was appointed private
secretary to the postoffice inspector In
charge at New York, and two years later
became private secretary to Fourth As
sistant Postmaster General Rathbone. He
resigned In March, 1892, but was reap
polnted by Assistant Postmaster General
Maxwell. In November, 1895, he was ap
pointed stenographer to the President and
later executive clerk. He was made as
sistant "secretary In 1808.
Twenty Years for Craig.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PLACERVILLE, April 13.— John Craig,
the half breed Indian desperado, who on
the 3d of last month attempted to murder
Martin .Van Wlnklin, a prominent stock
raiser residing near Clarkesville, this
county, was to-day sentenced by Judge
Bennett to twenty years' Imprisonment in
the State prison at:Folsom. Craig had
terrorized the western side of the county
and residents of that section rejoice that
they will now be free from hi» presence.
Injuries Prove Serious.
REDDING, April 13.— Another name has
been added to the list of those seriously
Injured In the wreck at Cottonwood on
Thursday night. When Theodore Wil
liams of Hooker was taken from the de
bris it was thought that his injuries were
plight, but his condition to-day is critical.
Hopes are now entertained for the recov
ery of George Green of Roddiac.
expected. Senator Mason will conduct
the fight for Clark. The latter has made
no statement.
Van Heekeren Discharged.
Special Dispatch to The Cal
REDWOOD CITY, April 13.— Jud«r©
Buck thU morning set aside the Informa
tion filed In the Superior Court of San
Mateo County against A. Van Heekeren
and discharged the defendant from custo
dy. Van Heekeren was the clerk of the
local camp of the Woodmen of the World
at South San Francisco and it Is charged
that while he was such clerk he embezzled
the sum of J215 money belonging to the
camp.
Death of a Pioneer.
Special Dispatch to The Can
PLACERVILLE. April 13.— Smith Mor
rtll, a resident of this county since 1850.
died at the house of his daughter. Mrs.
Carl Herman, near this city last night.
Mr. Morrill was one of the best known
residents of this county. For many years
he was proprietor of the bridge over
Webber Creek and the toll road Between
this city and Diamond Springs. He was
84 years of age.
CLARK WILL FIGHT
FOR A SENATE SEAT
Supporters of the Montana Million
aire to Oppose the Attempt
":" '. to Oust Him.
BUTTE, Mont., April 13.— A special from
Washington to the Inter-Mountain says:
It is, now certain that Senator Clark will
not resign. The pressure from his Mon
tana friends and legal advisers Is all in
favor of contesting to a finish.
The Times this morning says that Sen
ators Clay., • Bacon, Mason and Heitfeld
will make a fight on the floor of the Sen
ate, .claiming that a two-thirds vote Is
necessary to unseat him. They claim
that, the _ report of the committee does
not. sustain the direct charge of bribery
against' him. They will expose the char
acter and plans of his enemies and he
doubtless. will make a speech in his own
behalf. This policy will prevent appoint
ment'by the Governor and may lead to
the election of two Republican Senators,
so a majority opposition to delay is not
Tired and Overstrained Nerves
Are Given Strength and Vigor by
The Spring Medicine.
M* Elizabeth Messick, Emerson Institute,
Mobile, Alabama, writes:
"I was very weak and extremely nervous. For several
months I used prescribed tonics to no- avail. I declared the first
dose of Paine's Celery Compound made me feel better, and was
laughed at, but the Compound brought me the desired strength,
and in the fall I returned to school.
"1 am now in the Home Missionary Work among the
Freedmen of the South. Never one year could I have finished
without Paine's Celery Compound. At home we have a large
family and use the Compound constantly in the spring. We
owe much to your medicine."
Paine's Celery Compound makes nerve fibre,
nerve force, restores the bodily health.
PRINTERS DECLARE
AGAINST A STRIKE
Repudiate a Proposition Made by the
International Union's
;i W- President. S : - :'
INDIANAPOLIS, April 13.— The mem
bers of the International Typographical
Union have had a narrow escape from be
ing embroiled In the lockouts and strikes
so general In the other trades throughout
the country. The President of the Inter
national Typographical Union, Samuel B.
Donnelly, returned here from a trip to
Kansas City, and having learned while
there that the Typothetae, the employing
printers' organization, was giving aid to
its Kansas City membership in their fight
with the Kansas City unions Mr. Donnelly
is said to have called the executive coun
cil of the International Typographical
Union together and advocated the calling
out of the job: printers employed by the
members of the Typothetae in all the
large cities.
Mr. Donnelly's colleagues repudiated his
proposition by a vote of four to one, and
after a heated and acrimonious d.scusslon.
lasting throughout the longest session In
the history of the executive council of the
International Typographical Union, it is
said on good authority resolutions severe
ly censuring President Donnelly for dere
liction of duty in connection with the
Plttsburg and Kansas City troubles of the
organization were, adopted, and a policy
governing the future management of the
affairs of the organization in keeping with
the past history of the International Typo
graphical Union was formally declared.
It is said that Mr. Donnelly was insist
ent that a general strike in the book and
job and newspaper offices of Chicago
should be ordered. When met with the
statement from one of his colleagues that
the printers would be beaten in two trays,
he is reported to. have said:
"Well, let us give them a whirl anyway
—at least the newspaper offices. '
The council is said to have vigorously
overruled its chief executive, and the
printers are not likely to become involved
in the general labor troubles.
DR. JAMES R. COCKE
PROBABLY A SUICIDE
Result of the Autopsy Confirms the
Belief That He Shot
Himself.
BOSTON, April 13.— An autopsy on the
body of Dr. James R. Cocke, the blind
physician, found dead in his room last
night, was performed by Medical Exam
iner Harris and his assistant. Dr. Sted
man. It resulted In the disclosure that the
ball passed through the spinal column and
lodged in the top of the brain. and con
firmed the belief that it was a case of
suicide. .?'.-.¦'
Mrs. Cocke to-day made some additions
to her previous statements. She said
when she returned from downstairs the
doctor, who was an expert on steel as
well as on some kinds of chemical prep
arations, had a revolver in his hands. He
told her that he was examining the
weapon to see whether It was chilled or
nickel steel. He also told her, she says,
that if a patient whom he had ex
amined should call he should -be, told to
call next day. . ._
Partial substantiation Beems to be given
to the report that Dr. Cocke was in some
way involved in transactions with the
Russian or some other, foreign Govern
ment by the declaration of Mrs. Cocke
that the visitor, whom he examined yes
terday afternoon, was an attache of one
of the foreign legations in Washington
and was coming to see the doctor In re
gard to the contracts In which his Gov
ernment was Interested.
GOVERNMENT TO BUY
SUBMARINE VESSELS
Purchases the Holland and Contracts
for Other Boats of the Sam©
WASHINGTON," April 13.— The Navy
Department has signed a contract with
the Holland Submarine Torpedo Boat
Company for the addition of some of its
boats to the navy. By the terms of the
contract the Government pays $150,000 for
the Holland. It- also agrees to pay 5175,000
each for any boats of the Holland type
it may purchase hereafter, provided that
the boats shall be similar in dimensions
to the new Holland, which will be larger
than the old one.
The company undertakes to protect the
Government against any claims for in
fringement of patents and also to sell to
the- Government 'at a price to be fixed by
a board of appraisers patents used In the
construction -of the boat which may be
desirable for the Government to possess.
A further obligation' upon the company
is to furnish experts for a reasonable time
to train a naval crew in the management
of the Holland. The company also bonds
Itself in the sum of $90,000 to complete the
Plunger. ¦¦ _ ¦"•
Sydney's Plague Epidemic.
SYDNEY, N. S. W.. April 13.— 1t was of
ficially announced to-day : that 111 cases
and thirty-eight deaths from bubonic
plague have occurred here. . '*¦ .
SIX SMALLPOX CASES
ON THE NEW ENGLAND
Annie Schoulten and. Rev. George
F. Love Succumb to the
Disease.
ROME. April 13.— Inquiry Into the out
break of smallpox on board the steamer
New England of the Dominion line, which
Failed from Boston on February 1, and
which left Naples on March 24 for Liver
pool, after landing the bulk of the excur
eioniss* who had started on a tour of the
Orient, show the disease developed three
weeks ago. There were only six cases,
but two of the persons attacked died..
The cases which resulted fatally were
those of Annie Schoulten. aged 32 years,
and the Rev. George F. Love, 36 years,
of the other victims of the disease
Thomas Archer has recovered and has
been discharged, and Mars Vaughn, An
gel A. Wells and Elsie Gordon are still
detained at the Lazaretto, but are Im
proving.
DEATH OF G. H. SCRIPPS.
Has Been Prominent in Journalistic
Circles for Many Years.
SAN DIEGO. April 13.— George H.
Scrimps died at Mirando, the ranch of his
brother. E. W. Scripps, to-day at noon of
pernicious, anaemia after an Illness of sev
eral months. The remains will be cre
mated at Los Angeles. Interment will be
at Rushville. 111.. May L
George H. Scripps was 66 years old, born
in England and came to this country
whr-n 4 years old. He was reared on an
Illinois farm, and when the war broke
out he ar.d his brother John enlisted, and
John lost his life and George his health.
He entered upon his journalistic career
twenty-five years ago with the Detroit
Evening News. He helped to found the
Cleveland Press. He soon after became
interested in the Cincinnati Post Ken
tucky Post. St. Louis Chronicle. Kansas
City World and the Omaha News, and his
journalistic possessions extended to the
Pacific Coast.
With his brother. E. W. Scripps, and
Milton A. Mcßae he comprised the
Scripps-Moßae league partnership. He
held a responsible office in each of the
companies publishing the league papers.
He retair.rd his interest In the Detroit
Evening New?.
BIG BLAZE IN IDAHO.
Boy Killed by a Pistol He Found in
the Ruins.
HOPE. Idaho. April 13.— At 2:30 to-day a
fire broke out in Chase's saloon, resulting
In the complete destruction of the follow
ing property: Chase's saloon, Leet'a res
taurant, W. J. Quirk's store and the post
office, a barber shop, Davis' saloon,
Meade'p restaurant. Homing's boarding
house, Mrs Lcmley'6 house and a church.
BY blowing up a number of adjoining
buildings Wanemaker's store was saved,
thereby preventing the total loss of the
western portion of the town.
As Harry Auxer was going to see why a
charge of dynamite which he had placed
Jn the barber shop did not explode It sud
denly went off, throwing him clear of the
bank and below to the railroad tracks.
He Is seriously Injured. After the fire was
under control some boys were walking
about the ruins, when Willie Monroe
found a loaded pistol near the Horning
House, and while hnnding it to one of his
comrades it exploded, hitting Willie in the
breast and killing him instantly. The to
tal loss is estimated at $23,000. No insur
ance.
• .
Death of a Centenarian.
SALINAS, April 13.— At 3 o'clock this
morning Mrs. Mary Ann Hohstadt, widow
of John Hohstadt. a veteran of the war
of I*l2, and daughter of a revolutionary
soldier, died at the home of her son in
her ninety-ninth year. Her ancestors and
relatives have been supporters of liberty.
She had a father and father-in-law in
the Revolution: her husband fought
against England from 1812 to 1815, and
her three sons were in the Civil "War
from ISCI to 18(3. She was born In Ver
mont July 16. ISOI. at Hlghgate, her
maiden name being Teachout.
Contractor Killed.
LOS ANGELES. April 13.— A telegram
has been received here stating that Frank
M. Townsend of the firm of Townsend
Bros., contractors, was killed yesterday at
Manvel, Cal. He was thrown from a
wajjon. but In what manner la not known.
The body Is to be shipped here. Mr.
Townsend left a widow, who resides on
Olive street. In this city, but no children.
Grand Opera for San Francisco.
NEW TORK. April 13.— The grand opera
season In America for 1900-1 will open at
San Francisco on November 12 next.
Maurice Grau made this announcement
to-day.
DR. CARROLL
IS AGAIN ON
HIS TRAVELS
Has Left Knoxville and His
Present Location Is
Unknown.
i/ocated for a Short Time in Pella,
Where He Played the Game That
Worked So Successfully
in Other Cities.
»
Si*<Mal Dispatch to The Call.
SAN' BKRNARDINO, April 13.— A letter
Just received from Mr. Jolliffe of Knox
ville, lowa, who was sent here by Dr. C.
J. Carroll, who disappeared from River
tide fourteen years ago, states that when
the Sheriff at Knoxville received the first
dispatch from Sheriff Rouse of San Ber
nardino to arrest and hold Carroll he went
with the District Attorney to arrest Car
roll, but the latter talked so smoothly
about there being some mistake that thoy
went away for an hour to make inquiries,
and on their return Carroll had disap
peared and has not been seen or heard of
t-ince.
It has since hern learned that he vis
itf-d Pella, .a small town ten "miles from
ivnojcville. and workeu the same conti
oc-nce tame there, obtaining the best of
quarters, lor which he was to be charged
%S i»U per day, but Carro^objected and told
them to make it an even $4. us . he
wanted extra good care. Here he prom
ised a young lady of the family a piano,
and wrote to Joe Long of San Bernardino,
Cal., to send his piano to her. There arc
two letters in the postomce here for
I^ong that bear the Pella postmark. Hav
ing worked the Pella people as long as he
thought advisable Carroll disappeared
and walked in on the Joliiffes at Knox
vtlle arid now i? again on his travels.
If insane there is evidently method In
his madness and he is making his living
fey his wits, which are evidently disor
dered or he would not locate his property
fo closely to his former home. He claimed
to the officers that the mistake was madt
Jiy JollirTe in nut going to Bakerslield.
Kern County, Cal.. where he has more
jiroperty than in San Bernardino or Riv
erside. He tried the Pella and Knoxville
frame at Albia. lowa, but failed to leave
in time and was thrown into jail for a
rhort time.
PITCHER HUGHES SIGNS
WITH THE GILT EDGES
Fact That He Has Recently Married a
Sacramento Girl Partially Responsible
for His Action.
Special Dispatch to the Call.
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CALL., SATURDAY- APRIL 14, 1900
MRS. MANSFIELD
ACQUITTED OF
LIBEL CHARGE
Scene in the Courtroom
When the Verdict Was
Announced.
Women Rusted Forward and Hugged
Her, tLe Jurymen and All Con
nected With the De
- • . fendant's Side.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HOLLISTER, April 13.— The Mansfield
case went to the jury this morning: after
a trial lasting twenty- two days. After
two hours' deliberation a verdict of not
guilty, was returned. Two other indict
ments against the defendant for the pub
lication of anonymous letters will prob
ably be dropped.
When N. C. Briggs commenced the clos
ing-argument for the State the large
courtroom was packed from bar to gallery
with ; " ladies, whose sympathy was openly
expressed for the defendant. So open was
this that I thunders of applause greeted
the defendant's counsel's remarks and
brought forth a vigorous threat from Judge
Dooling* to fine every offender. So con
fident were these ladies that the jury
would "acquit that many brought their
lunch and made a sort of indoor picnic
in the hall of justice. . The summary of
the case by Mr. Briggs was pitiless in the
solid . array of facts and circumstarices,
each pointing unerringly to the guilt, of
the defendant. As each llnkof the chain
i was forged apprehension took possession
j of the multitude lest the jury should be
! swayed by the remorseless finger of the
clearest' kind of circumstantial evidence.
Yet while the woman's guilt was appar
ently made clear, all hoped and prayed
for acquittal.
After two hours* deliberation the jury
returned with > their verdict, and as the
words -"not guilty" fell from the trem
bling lips of Clerk Piratsky the defendant
gave a shriek and fell limp ! into the
arms of her husband. Then ensued one of
the most remarkable scenes on record.
Women who had waited for hours fell on
the Mansttelds, husband, and wife, and
hug-greii each alternately and then took
turns hugging each other. Each member
of the jury was hugged by the old ladies
who had watched continually every phase
of the trial, and it was some time before
the burly Sheriff could extricate the jury
men so that the court could perform its
duty and discharge them. But two ballots
were taken, the lirst 10 to 2 for acquittal.
The District Attorney has been severely
criticized for the expense caused the
county, but it is money well spent. The
person who writes anonymous letters in
this county hereafter will do It with the
knowledge that he will get a legal run for
his money.
Type.
2Took Rat Poison.
DECOTO. April 13.— Mrs. C. E. Adle of
Alvarado took a tablespoonful of rat poi
son Thursday with suicidal Intent In spite
of her small son, who did his utmost to
prevent her. A doctor was summoned,
who saved. her life by prompt work. De
spondency over her husband having left
her is the cause of the action.
"The Peace Conference," a
remarkable poem by Madge
Morris! Illustrated with a full-
page drawing by Methfessel.
This will be one of the most
artistic pages ever published
and a revelation In 'what can
be done by the most up-to-
date halftone processes and
presswork. We challenge
comparison! Get the Easter
edition of The Call— out next
Sunday— or yon will miss
something really great.
I SpeciaJ cable to The Call and Xew York Her
ald. Copyright. 1900, by the Herald Pub
lishinz Company.
T ONDON, April 14—5 a. m.— Lord Rob
j crts' dispatch yesterday, stating
1 that the Boer advance southward
£ . had been checked and that the gar
¦" ' rison at Wepener was still offering
stout resistance to the Boer attack, was
almost the first piece of encouraging news
received by the British public for a week.
This has since been supplemented by a re
port from Boer sources which has
reached Aliwal North, to the effect that
the burghers, who were attacking Gal
gety's men at Wepener, have retreated
north, after sustaining heavy losses.
No official confirmation of this report
has been received, but it is entirely con
sistent with the evident British move
! ments in force to relieve the hard
pressed Colonials. Persistent rumors of
fighting at Dewetsdorp, which is twenty
i miles northeast of Wepener, may Indicate
I that a relief force from Bloemfonteln Is
in conflict already with the Boers sta
tioned there. With the arrival of the Brit
ish force at that point and the advent of
the Third Division under Chermside at
Reddersburg the position of the Boer
commandoes at Wepener would be ren
dered a dangerous one!
Evidences that a great movement by
¦ Lord Roberts is very imminent, if it has
not already begun, are rapidly multiply
ing.
The Daily Telegraph's correspondent in
the Free State capital Is allowed to tele
graph the statement that "troops are
moving forward."
The Bloemfonteln correspondent of the
Dally Mall sends this somewhat cryptic
message: "There Is nothing whatever to
cause uneasiness. It will presently be
seen that the Boers are just where we
want them. In a word, we are all right."
Silence envelops the movements of tho
British forces north and south of Mafe
king to relieve that town. Cape Town ad
vices state with an air of mystery that
good news Is expected .very soon. There
is evidently no doubt that the condition
of the garrison is becoming desperate.
An editorial note in the Dally Mail avers
that Maf eking is ln a very bad way and
that the hope of relief is far off, as no
force Is advancing from the south.
The War Office announces that 4000
horses will arrive at the Cape this week.
It Is well understood that the animals are
not fit for work until about ten days after
the voyage. Two thousand more are due
at the Cape next week.
The War Office has called out the, re
serve companies of several infantry bat
talions, which will be sent to South Africa
forthwith. .
The Boer peace envoys have documents
the Rome correspondent of the Dally
News says— showing that urgent advices
to the Transvaal to wage war were origin
ally made by Germany. This correspond
ent also asserts that Count yon Bulow,
the German Foreign Minister, who was
said to have gone on a visit to a sick
brother, really went to Milan for tho ex
press purpose of conferring with the dele
gates. . •
LONDON, April 14. — The Times has the following from Jammersberg, dated April 13:
"Colonel Galgety's force has been surrounded by some thousands of Boers with eight
guns, two 'pompoms' and two Maxims since Monday morning. They gallantly withstood a
heavy attack on Monday and again a night attack on Tuesday; and on Thursday there was a con
tinuous shell and rifle" fire.
"We are confident of being able to repulse any attack. Food is plentiful. Our casualties,
in the circumstances, are small. The brunt of the fighting, and also of the loss, has been borne by-
Cape mounted riflemen."
Men's $3 calf shces for $2 a pair at the
Bee Hive Shoe Co.. 717 Market, near 3d.*
You will want a new trunk, a valise or
suit case when you go away this summer.
You will find these, as well as a complete
line^)f all leather goods, including purses,
pocket-books, Mexican carved and burnt
leather goods, at Sanborn &,Vairs, 741
Market street. - •
Woman Commits Murder.
LITTLE ROCK. Ark, April 13.— At Al
exander to-day Mrs. T. N. Holland shot
and killed William Cook, a member of a
prominent "family. Mrs. Holland claims
Cook defamed her character.
REPORTED REPULSE OF
BOERS AT WEPENER
BLOEMFONTEIN, April 13.— Accounts
received here of the fighting of the troops
under Colonel Galgety at Wepener show
the Boers attacked them vigorously, but
were repulsed with great loss. The Boers
subsequently relinquished the attack and
it is said here they are returning north
ward.
A new division, consisting of two bri
gades, has been formed under General lan
Hamilton. General Hutton's < brigade jia
composed of Canadians,? New Zealanders
and all the Australians except the caval
rry. His staff is as follows: Colonel Ma-
Appointments at Stanford.
Special Dispatch to The Call
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 13.-
The following appointments to take ef
fect In August were made public from
the president's office to-day: Miss Alice
Hanson Luce to be instructor in English-
A. B. Wellesley College, 1S83; teacher in
Boston Latin School, 1883-93: studied at
Heidelberg. 1893-96, receiving Ph.D. degree
In latter year; teacher in Smith College
1f.96-97. and in Wellesley College to date
as Instructor in English literature. Mr
Frederic Huntington Bartlett. appointed
instructor in English; A. B. Harvard
1894: A. M. Columbia, 1897; instructor in
English and Latin at Belmont School
Belmont. Cal.
BILL AIMED AT CAPTAIN
CARTER'S ACCOMPLICES
Proposed Measure to Compel Removal
of Indicted Persons to the Scene
of Their Crime.
WASHINGTON. April 13.— Some time
aero proceedings were Instituted by the
T'T-attment of Justice to secure the re
moval to Savannah. Ga.. of Benjamin D.
Gr^n, Jrhn F.. William T. and Edward
H. Gaynor and Miehae! A. Connolly, who
v.pro indict Pd by thp Grand Jury of the
United States District Court of Georgia
for onsplring to defraud the United
Ftatos upon two contracts relating to har
bor improvements at Savannah and in
Cumberland Sound.
Th«> United States Commissioner at New
York, whore the defendants were appre
hended, held in effect that the certified
copy of the Georgia indictment, followed
by the id<"ntiticatlon of the defendants
•was= pufflcient to justify their removal!
District Judge Addison Brown, however"
HHd To the contrary, and. further that
the Government was required by affirm
ative proof to make out a case of probable
puMt. and that the defendants were enti
tled to go fully into their defense and to
produce evidence on their part to rebut
the prf sumption of guilt raised by the
proofs of the Government. f
The Attorney General takes issue with
Judge Brown us to the correctness of his
ruling, but with a view to the final settle
ment of the question has sent to the chair
men of the Judiciary Committees of both
houses of Congress a draft of a bill which,
if It become a law. will have the effect of
compelling the removal of persons indict
ed for offenses against the United States
from the place of arrest to the district
¦where the offense Is committed. The At
torney General sent to Congress with the
draft of his bill an exhaustive argument
? xplainmg the necessity for Its passage.
Speaking of the Green-Gaynor case, the
Attorney Gmeral says:
"The defendants are Indicted for frauds
upon the Government of the gravest na
ture and of very large extent, committed
in connection with a trusted officer of the
engineer corjis. proofs of which are spread
over live or fix years of governmental op
erations at Savannah and Cumberland
Bound; and involve also, to a large ex
tent, technical and scientific facts, capa
ble of proof only by expert witnesses and
a "-ountants and by the production of a
vast tr.-.ss of documentary evidence. The
witneeF's to substantiate the case were
scattered throughout the United States.
an<l It was with exceeding difficulty they
were rrarshaWl for a hearing before the
orand Jury in Georgia and that their at
tenOance was arranged for at the trial be
fore the petit Jury. To compel the Gov
ernment to make out a case of probable
cause twice, once before a Grand Jury
and afterward before a local magistrate in
another Jurisdiction, is Imposing a more
..nerous condition for the punishment of
crime than exists under any other form of
government."
KOREAN REBELLION.
Extensive Uprising in the Interior of
the Little Empire.
SEOUL. Korea. April 13.— 8y the terms
of the secret agreement between Russia
alienate the Uiand called "Kopje." situ
at d f l ?J£, e mojth of Masampho harbor
the" l^terlor n o AforeI Se haS begUn ln
Drowned Herself.
LOS ANGELES, April 13.-Mrs. A
Worthem. wife of the proprietor of the
Santa Moni, a hotel at Santa Monica,
committed suicHe to-day by drownine
herself in the surf. The bod/ was found
on the beach. She had been ill for a long
time. °
[Special Cable to the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1900. by the New York Herald Company. Republication of this
dispatch Is prohibited. All rights reserved in the United States and Great Britain.]
LONDON, April 14. — These advices from its special correspondent are published in the Daily-
Mail:
;LOTJRENZO MARQXJES, April 13.— The actual Boer losses tip to the end of March, including
prisoners, is now estimated at 12,000. At present there are 7000 Boers in Natal and about 35,000
in the Free State. .:
tyr, chief; Lord Rosemeade, aid-de-camp;
colonels — Hood of Victoria and Bridges of
New South Wales and Major Cartwright
of Canada assistant adjutant generals.
The first corps consists of the first bat
talion of Canadians under Colonel Lls
sard and the second battalion of ' Canad
ians under Colonel Herchmer. Strathco
na's Horse under Lieutenant Colonel Steele
and the Victorians under Colonel Price
are In the fourth corps.
The- second and third corps are com
posed of Australians. Each corps has a
battalion of imperial mounted infantry at
tached.
The Canadian and New South Wales
batteries and a number of Vlckers-Max
ims will also join the division. General
Ridley's brigade comprises all the South
African troops.
REICHMAN DID NOT
LEAD BOERS IN BATTLE
PRETORIA. April 11.— United States
Consul Hay in an interview says that tho
report that Captain Reichman, the United
States military attache, participated in
the fight near Sannah Post is absolutely
false. Captain Reichman, it is said, was
occupied most of the time attending upon
the wounded Dutch military attache.
Lieutenant Nix, who has since died. Con
sul Hay has no doubt that Captain Reich
man has been confounded with the Ameri
can Lieutenant Loosberg of the Free
State Artillery, who took a very active
part in the fight.
. WASHINGTON, April 13.— The War De
partment to-day received the following
cablegram from United States Consul Hay
at Pretoria relative to a published state
ment that Captain Carl Reichman, the
United States military observer in the
Transvaal, had been leading a Boer force:
"PRETORIA. April 12.— Rumor ot
Reichman's active participation is abso
lutely false. HAY."
No inquiry has been made on that
point, the War Department officials being
satisfied that Captain Reichman could not
have committed "such a palpable breach
of the rules of war. It is supposed that
Consul Hay's message was inspired by
Captain Reichman. who is believed to be
in Pretoria, and who. It is said, undoubt
edly thought a statement from the Consul
would be better than a personal denial.
, »
CORRESPONDENT PRAISES
LORD ROBERTS' TACTICS
LONDON, April 14.— The Bloemfonteln
correspondent of tho Times, telegraphing
Friday, says: "Everything is going satis
factorily. Owing to the enemy's enter-,
prise a necessity has ar|sen for a move
ment in the southeastern division, and for
strategic reasons troop trains have mo
nopolized the railway for a short period,
but the Boer raids are only what was an
ticipated as a' result of the halt: in our
main advance.
"We in Bloemfonteln are full of great
admiration of the calm front with which
headquarters has received these inci
dents. Half of the object of . the enemy
has failed since Lord Roberts has refused
to ! be drawn into complications, but has
fostered the -enemy's enterprise, making
dispositions to checkmate almost without
Bloemfontein' being aware that move
ments of the troops have occurred."
BURGHERS READY
FOR RAPID MARCHES
LONDON, April 14.— The Bloemfonteln
correspondent of 'the Morning Post, tele
graphing , Thursday, says: .
"The enemy have evidently determined
to adopt -.entirely new tactics. ¦„ Two col
umns are known to ;be moving ¦to the
south of Bloemfontein. They are relying
on Cape carts for transports and are car
rying scarcely any forage and only suffi
cient food to meet the immediate require
ments of the convoy, with ox transport
following at a secure distance. The Boer
columns are thus enabled to move almost
as quickly as cavalry.
"It is reported that there are 9000 Boers
to the south of Dewetsdorp. The force
extends from that point to Obendahl. The
burghers who had returned to their
farms are undoubtedly rejoining i the
enemy.
"Lord Roberts has appointed the Duke
of Marlborough to be assistant military
secretary at headquarters."
WEPENER GARRISON
STILL SURROUNDED
LONDON. April 13. 9:10 p. m.— The War
Office has received the following dispatch
from General Roberts:
"BLOEMFONTEIN, April 13. 1:30 p. m.—
The enemy's movements south have been
checked. Wepener Is still surrounded,
but the little garrison Is holding out well.
Troops are being moved to their assist
ance. The health of the troops Is good
and the climate perfection."
BOER LOSS VERY HEAVY.
ALIWAL NORTH. April 12.— A detach
ment of 200 of the Rouxville commando is
patrolling in this direction. Many of the
men go to their farms at night and rejoin
the detachment in the morning. Thb
Rouxville commando numbers 700. A large
body of Basutos is closely watching
events from the border. The weather is
too cloudy to permit heliographlng.
It is reported that the Boers lost heavily
In the recent fighting at Wepener. There
is much weeping among the women, and
an urgent message for assistance has
been sent to the Rouxville commando
There was fighting at Dewetsdorp to
day.
STRICT CENSORSHIP.
REDDERSBURG, April 13.-The Third
Division, commanded by Major General
Chermside, has arrived here from Beth
any without any incident worth recording.
The Boers have been located south of the
Wepener and Smithfleld districts
Colonel Galgety, wrio Is in command of
the colonial force surrounded at Wepener
is holding out gamely. Exciting develop
ments are probable in the near future
The censorship is particularly strict.
NO CAUSE FOR WORRY.
LONDON, April 14.-The Bloemfonteln
correspondent of the Daily Mail, tele
graphing Thursday, says: "There is
nothing whatever to cause uneasiness. It
will presently be seen that the Boers are
just where we want them. In'a word, we
are all. right." {.^v.;'^
GOOD FRIDAY IN WAR TIME.
LONDON. April 14.— The Bloemfonteln
correspondent of the Dally Telegraph in
a dispatch dated Friday, describing Lord
Roberts and ¦„ the troops attending Good
Friday services, says: "But the troops
are marching forward as well as to
services."
STRIKERS IN
THE SOUTH ARE
LOSING GROUND
Passenger Trains Running
on Almost Schedule
In Ontario the Demands of the
Telegraph Operators Have Been
Granted by the Minister
of Railways.
•
ATLANTA, Ga.. April 13.— The situation
In the strike of the telegraphers on the
Southern Railroad shows an improvement
at midnight for the railroad. Passenger
trains which yesterday arid early this
morning ran from one to five hours late
arrived this afternoon and to-night but
slightly behind schedule time, and freight
trains are beginning to move. The offi
cials of the road here claim the situation
is not unchanged, that it has not at
any time been other than normal.
President -Powell of the Order of Rail
way Telegraphers said to-night that the
strike would continue indefinitely or until
the company treats with the men. "My
organization has a protective fund of
$r/i,OOO to be used in ca.se of a strike," said
the president, "and I am having this
money transferred from, the headquarters
to points on the Southern."
At Flowery Branch, Ga., Coronna, Ala.,
and Columbus, Miss., operators who took
the places of the retiring agents have
been roughly handled and run out of
town.
OTTAWA. Ont., April 13.— The demands
of the telegraph operators of the Inter
colonial Railroad for recognition of the
Order of Railroad Telegraphers and the
granting of fifteen days holiday to each
operator during the year have been
granted by the Miftister of Railways and
indorsed by the Government.
HOUSTON. Texas. April 13.— The strike
situation assumed a serious aspect here
this afternoon, when the Central Labor
Union decided to recommend a general
strike of all labor organizations affiliated
with that body, including more than twen
ty organizations. In view of the ap
proaching session of the Trans-Mlsslsslppl
Commercial Congress, the matter is more
serious than it would ordinarily be and
every effort will be made to stave off a
great strike. The contractors and car
penters have approached no nearer a set
tlement than last week and work Is sus
pended on all buildings. The labor union
set next Tuesday morning as the time for
the general strike, if the carpenters do
not sooner pet a settlement.
HOLYOKE, Mass.. April 13.— The strike
at the Merrick Thread Mill ended this
morning by the machine fixers returning
to work, the management having agreed
to their demands for $2 25 a day, an in
crease of 2> cents.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Application was
made to-day to Sheriff Molloy at While
Plains for 100 deputies to go to the Cor
nell Dam to prevent the strikers there
from destroying property. The strikers
are eaid to have made threats and •to
have boasted of the destruction' they
would cause If their demands were not
complied with. There are about 800 strik
ers in the disturbed district.
SINKING SHIP
DESERTED BY
HER CAPTAIN
Four Men Go Down With the
Georges Croise off San
. 'Domingo.
Passengers Rescued by a Passing
Vessel After Having Been Left
to Their Fate by the .
Steamer's Master.
.
NEW YORK. April 13.-At the bottom
of the sea outside Santo Domingo harbor,
the wreck of the French steamer Georges
Croise has lain for more than two weeks.
Enveloped In the mass of her wreckage
are the bodies of four men — two passen
gers and two sailors. Her captain. Fran
cisco Cathrlen, is alive, but no one knows
his whereabouts. Ho is said to have de
serted his doomed ship and nearly, three
score persons that were aboard of her.
The Clyde line steamship New York,
which arrived to-night, brought the story
of the wreck. Chief Officer John C. Mir
mion gave this account of the venture:
"We were just going Into the harbor of
Santo Domingo and lay clo^e outside the
bar, waiting for our pilot to come out. It
was • the morning of the 2?th of March.
Suddenly a steamer hove into sight to
ward the city, and a minute or two later
we saw that something was wrong
aboard of her. Screams of women and
children, mingled with the distress culls
of the ship's whistle, were clearly heard,
and as fast as possible we lowered five
boats and made for her. We found her
sinking, her port side listing far do^vn
toward the water. No one seemed to bo
lii command and everything seemed to be
in disorder.
•"Just as we came up I saw two men
crawl into a small boat- on the opposite
side of the vessel and make off. One of
these, we afterward learned, was the cap
tain. I sent one of my men aboard and
we began to pass down women and chil
dren. They were scantily dressed, some
of the babies being entirely naked. Many
jumped into the water, but the boats be
hind me took care that these were picked
up. When it looked as if all the people
had been rescued I ordered the boats to
pull away. A moment later the steamer
went to the bottom.
"The children numbered about twelve or
fifteen and the women the same. The
sailors from the vessel, the Georges Croise,
bound to Santiago de Cuba, said that
there had been fifty-five persons aboard
and that four were missing."
Down in the forecastle of the New York
three of the rescued sailors told their
story to-night. They said that the cap
tain deserted the ship with the pilot, who
had brought them out. The three sailors
are Joe Martha, Francisco Pla and An
tonio Delgao.
Martha was the last man to leave the
ship alive. He says that the lost wen?
Dom Pepe Valle, a rich Cuban, who owned
the ship's cargo of cattle; the second
cook, a fireman and an unknown passen
ger. Valle, according to the sailors, had
in a belt that he continually wore $3000 in
gold. His cattle, which constituted the
whole cargo, numbered 240. together with
eight horses and seventeen calves. The
fireman who was lost was the man who
gave the alarm of the ship's disaster.
Subsequent investigations made in Santo
Domingo by the passengers showed that
the captain had reached the shore in
safety and had reported the wreck to the
United" States Consul there. Before his
former companiens arrived, however, he
had disappeared and nothing further could
be heard of him.- The pilot, too, dis
appeared. -
SOLDIER DECAPITATED
BY LUZON NATIVES
Grim Item in the Latest Casualty
List Cabled by General
Otis.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The War De
partment received the following casualty
list from General Otis this morning:, dated
April 11:
Killed— Luzon. Ninth Infantry. March 31.
Mabatacal. Company K. Alonzo L. Johnson,
sergeant: Twelfth Infantry. April «. Geonla.
Company A, August Schultz, artificer; Twenty
ninth Volunteer Infantry. February 17, Lagu
din. John W. Walker, Company H: Thirty
eighth Infantry, March 23, Batanzaa. Luzon.
Alexander S. , Company G. decapitated, by
Filipino.
Panay— Eighteenth Infantry. March 27. San
Jose de Buena Vista, Frederick M. Dimler.
Company E.
Wounded— Luzon. Seventeenth Infantry, Apr!!
7, Camallne, First Lieutenant Frank J. Morro.
leg, serious; Nlnteenth Infantry, March 10.
Valderrama, James E. Davles, Company L,
abdomen, serious; Twenty-sixth Infantry, Feb
ruary 25, Bongaber. Kirk Fowlls, Company G.
head, slight; James H. Thomas, leg, slight:
Twenty-first Infantry. February 8. Botclan,
Tony Grant. Company H. thigh, slight; Willia
J. Johnson, thigh, slight; Ttrenty-nlnth Volun
teer Infantry. February 17. Tagudln. Ninth
Infantry, James Luskin, head, slight, captured:
Fortieth Volunteer Infantry. March 1. San Jose.
Ben H. Marshall, leg, slight: William Lafter
Jr., shoulder, slight; Company C. E- L. Tom
linson, musician, arm. slight; Company I).
Charles L. Brooks, corporal, thigh, serioua;
Charles 11. Huse, abdomen, slight.
Panay— Eighteenth Infantry. March 22. Ca
buneabusr. Company L. James S. Corning, leg,
slight: March 27. San Jose Buena Vista, Panay.
Murmupon. Clarence L. Messier, both thighs.
serious. Nineteenth Infantry. March 10 — Valiifr
raraa. Company A. Timothy Shea, corporal,
forehead, slight: February 27. Panao. Company
B, Frank Wlsore. sergeant, abdomen, serious.
Samar — Forty-third Volunteer Infantry.
March B—Matajniiao,8 — Matajniiao, First Lieutenant Joseph
T. Sweeney, thigh. sll«?ht; .Company 11. Jo
seph J. Jordan, shoulder, serious: James H.
Clancy, hip, slight; Clinton Mead, wrist, seri
ous.
VERDICT FOR MISS LEWIS.
Strong Must Pay Heavy Damages for
Breach of Promise.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., April 13.—
The jury In the breach of promise case
of Nellie Lewis vs. Sam Strong this after
noon returned a verdict In favor of the
plaintiff for $30,000. The trial was sensa
tional in many respects. The defendant
is a millionaire, having made a fortune in
Cripple Creek, principally in the famous
Strong mine. The parties to the action
mat in June. 1533, when the plaintiff was
15 years of age. The relations began be
tween the two six months later, continu
ing to January last, when the defendant
married Regina Neville, a bell© ot the
mining camp of Altman.
Railways to Be Extended.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, April 13.— For many
months the Huntington-Hellman syndi
cate, which controls the Los Angeles
streetcar system, has quietly been secur
ing rights of way for a projected system
of electric lines to connect the growing
towns of this section with Los Angeles.
The line. It 13 stated, will at once be con
structed and will reach to Alhambra and
"Whittier on the east and to San Pedro.
Long Beach and Redondo on the coast.
It was this new Idea In construction that
caused President C. P. Huntlngton. it Is
said, to place I. W. Hellman, formerly of
Los Angeles, upon the directorate of his
Southern California. Railway.
Exiled by the Sultan.
CONSTANTINOPLE April 13.— Ebozzia
Tewflk, a State Councilor and distin
guished writer, has been arrested and ex
iled to Koniah, a city of Asia Minor, for
writing an article displeasing to the
Sultan.
GALLANT CHARGE BY BRITISH TROOPS.
(From the London Graphic.)
The assault and capture of Pietars Hill by the Royal Lancasters, which turned the Boer line of
defense and opened General Buller's way to Ladysmith.
However, the Besieged Garrison Hopes to Hold
Out Until the Arrival of Relief Parties
Now on the Way.
ELECTION OF
SENATORS BY
DIRECT VOTE
House Adopts the Resolution
for a Constitutional
Amendment.
Of the Two Hundred and Fifty-Five
Members Present and Voting
Only Fifteen Oppose the .
Innovation.
>
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The House
to-day by a vote of 240 to 15 adopted a
r^sojution fcr a constitutional amendment
providing for the election of United States
Senators by direct vote of the people.
Fourteen Republicans and one Democrat
voted against it. By the terms of the res
olution the amendment to be submitted
5s as follows:
The Senate of the United States shall be com
r""?e<l of two Senators from each State, who
fha.ll be elected by a direct vote of the people
thereof, for a term of tnx years, and each Sen
ator thsUl hay* one vote. A plurality of the
v<-tes cast for oandldatee for Senator shall be
rufScir-nt to elect. The electors in each State
Fh8l! have the qualifications requisite for elec
tors or the most numerous branch of the State
l>>e:s!stures. respectively.
When a vacancy happens by death. reslF^a
ti'-n or otherwise in the representation of
State !a the Senate, the same shall be filled
for the unerplred term thereof in' the rarpe
ir.anner as Is pro\-lded for the election of Sena
tors in paragraph 1; •
Provided, that the executive thereof may
ir.ake temporary appointment until the next
pfneral or special election. In accordance with
the statutes or constitution of such State.
Fifteen Negative Votes.
The majority resolution had left it op
tional with the States whether their Sen
ators should be elected directly by the
Legislatures. The minority resolution
msde it incumbent that each State elect
by direct vote. The minority resolution,
•which was offered as a substitute, was
voted upon first and was carried by an
overwhelming vote — ayes 135, noes 30.
Corliss tried unavailingrly to pet an aye
r.nd no vote, but only nine members sec
onded the demand. The vote was then
taken upon the adoption of the amend
ment by ayes and noes, the whole House
seemingly rising in support of the de
mand.
The negative votes were cast by Allen
of Maine, Burleigh of Maine. Calderhead
cf Kansas. Fordney of Michigan, Gardner
of New Jersey, Hedge of lowa, Henry of
Connecticut. Lane of lowa. Lester of
Georgia. I.ittlefield of Maine, McPherson
of lown, Mam of Illinois. Russell of Con
necticut, Sperry of Connecticut and
Thomas of lowa.
The remainder of the day was devoted
tn the consideration of private pension
l>il!e. During the course of the debate
thrre were several sharp attacks upon
Talbert <D.* of South Carolina for his
course in delaying action on bills. Sib
ley of Pennsylvania said a pimple caulcu
!atlon would show that it cost $36,<XW a
day for a session of the House, or $7000
en hour. The time frittered away by Tal
bert since he ame to Congress, he said,
¦would more than pay all the special nen-
Ffon bills passed during that period. Nor
ton of Ohio prot^st^d against Talbert':"
murfc. If he found an unjust bill and
mcM demonstrate that it was unjust he
. fVorton) and many m<*tnbers on the fiooi
v.-ould join him in defeating it. He ap
pealed to Talbert to abandon his opposi
tion.
Eot Boast for Talbert.
Fordxwy of Michigan attacked Talbert
a litilo latrr. Hp paid that when Talbert
paid he was a friend of the soldier he
vould not bfllpvo him on oath. Talbert
x<-ith a great show of wrath replied that"
tvhPTi the r«?ntloman imputed untruthful
ff« to h!m ho hurled !t bark and
'VnmrnH it down his rotten throat." He
r*fw «o pxrfted thr>t the chair was obliged
to on II him to order.
W hf n quirt had been restored Fordney
r.its.'i a roan of laughter by remarking
quietly:
"I believe in the blhlical promise that
•w*- shall b«= bom sjrain. I hope to God
that wh^n Mr. Talberfs time comes he
will bf» «mll-born."
The Home favorably acted upon fifty
thrfp bills, flmong which were two Sen
nip bills to increase the pensions of the
¦widows of Captain Allyn E. Capron and
<"npta'n Allyn K. Oanron. father and son.
who f>n during the Spanish war in Cupa
Thp Senate fixed the rate of each of these
¦rfdova at $40. The House reduced the
RiDonnt to $23 in the case of the 'ormer
find >r> in the case of the latter.
BRITISH FORCE AT WEPENER
SURROUNDED BY THE BOERS
DEWEY SOON
TO ANNOUNCE
HIS PLATFORM
Will Favor Sound Money
and Mild Degree of
Expansion.
Admiral Yet Believes That He Will
Be Able to Cany the Kansas
City Convention by
Storm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. April 13.—
Admiral Dewey's political statement prob
ably will be ready to be given out for pub
lication next Tuesday. He is still waiting
to hear from some of his sound money
Democratic friends in New York before
giving out the important document. He
believes that he has behind him all the
sound money Democrats In the East and
the South, and in conversation with his
political friends he says that he is a sound
money Jefferson Democrat.
On the expansion issue he occupies mid
dle ground between the President and Mr.
Bryan. He is neither an imperialist nor
an anti-expansionist. He believes in re
storing order in the Philippines and then
holding the islands and awaiting develop
ments, probably In the end turning them
over to a native government under a
United States protectorate.
The admiral receives a large amount of
mall dally from prominent men in ail
parts of the country, principally from
business men and sound money Demo
crats.
He believes that New York will send
uninstructed delegates to the Kansas City
convention, thac the New Jersey delegates
can be controlled in his favor and that he
will have support from other Eastern
States. He expects most of his original
support from the Eastern States, but he
believes that when the proper time comes
the convention can be carried by storm
for him. just as the Chicago convention
four years ago was swept off Its feet for
Mr. Bryan.
He was much gratified to-day to receive
an invitation Irom New Orleans to visit
that city, and when he goes to Detroit on
June 6 it is his intention to take a swing
around the circle and go to New Orleans
on his return.
DEWEY AND BRYAN
TO MEET IN CHICAGO
CHICAGO, April 13.— Admiral Dewey
and William Jennings Bryan will meet on
Tuesday evening. May 1. for the first time
since the hero of Manila announced that
he was a Presidential candidate. All
doubt as to Mr. Bryan's presence was dis
pelled to-day when Max J. Riese of the
Lakeside* Club received a telegram from
him, paying that he would cancel previous
engagements In order to be present at
that organization's celebration, which is a
part of the general programme. Both of
the distinguished guests are aware of the
prospective meeting. The officials of the
club did not arrange that they should be
present at the same event until each had
been consulted. In reply, Mr. Bryan and
the admiral said that, far from being ob
jectionable, the meeting would give them
pleasure.
WOULD GATHER
FARM-OWNERS
INTO A TRUST
Plan to Effect a World
Combine of Agricultural
Interests.
Its Promoters Hope to Decrease the
Wheat Acreage and Thus
Cause a Rise in
Prices.
•
MINNEAPOLIS, April 13.— The Journal
says: All the farmers of the world in a
sort of international trust to restrict the
production of wheat and raise prices is
the plan which it is hoped to carry Into
effect at the international agricultural
conference in Paris July 9 to 16. It is pro
posed to ask the farmers of the world to
reduce their wheat output by 20 per cent
and not to sell a bushel for less than a
dollar. -*.'-¦'"
J. C. Hanley of St, Paul, executive agent
of the Farmers' Alliance and Industrial
Union, the National Cotton Growers' As
sociation.'the Farmers' Federation of the
Mississippi Valley and the National Grain
Growers' Association, is the chief pro
moter in the agricultural trust In Amer
ica, Professor G. Ruhland of the Univer
sity of Fribourg, Switzerland, is the chief
promoter of the plan in Europe. The
idea was conceived by these two men in
dependently.
Mr. Hanley, who has been interested In
many hold-your-wheat schemes, Is prom
inently associated with the Farmers' Ele
vator and various co-operative undertak
ings. He has long believed that if the
farmers would only come to an under
standing as to limiting production and
agree to sell only when their price could
be obtained they could easily master the
situation.
As a professor of economics Professor
Ruhland had come to the same conclu
sion. His study of the agrarian problems
of different countries led him to believe
that the only cure for the widespread
troubles of the farmers, which are more
severe in the Old than in the New World,
is to restrict production.
Both were hard at work getting the
idea into practice when they encoun
tered one another through correspond
ence. Since then they have been working
with a common idea, viz.— to persuade the
International Agricultural Congress to in
dorse the plan and recommend it to the
various national associations for appli
cation next year.
While a 20 per cent reduction in acreage
is desired, Mr. Hanley points out that if
only 5 per cent can be secured the world's
wheat crop would be reduced about 125.
000,000 bushels, which is, he says, enough
to bring the price up to $1. To help out
the effect of the restricted production the
farmers are to hold their wheat for ninety
days and are to market it at no less than
$1 a bushel.
"Almost everything the farmer buys."
said Mr. Hanley. "is regulated in price by
some trust. On the other hand, all that
the farmer sells has its price determined
by the competition of all the rest of the
farmers of the world. The farmers pro
pose to unite, stop ruinous competition
among themselves and to make the world
pay a fair price for their product."
Following the Paris conference it is
hoped to have established a permanent
international srrain growers' association.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.
SAN FRANCISCO
TO GET A NEW
CUSTOM HOUSE
PerkinV " Bill Favorably
Reported and Passage
Metcalf Introduces a Concurrent Res
olution Looking Toward the
Improvement of Oakland
Harbor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The Senate
Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds to-day voted favorably to report
Senator Perkins' bill providing for a new
custom-house at San Francisco, at a cost
of $1,500,000, to be erected on the site of
the present building. The early passage
of the bill In the Senate is practically cer
tain. The. House committee is expected
to report shortly a similar bill Introduced
by Representative Kahn.
Representative Metcalf to-day intro
duced the following concurrent resolu
tion: ;v;;-..,; v ; ;-..,
That the Secretary of War is directed to ap
point a board of officers of the corps of en
gineers, whose duty it shall be to make a care
ful examination and prepare a detailed plan
and estimates for the improvement of Oakland
harbor to meet the needs, present and prospec
tive, of commerce from the eastern end of the
tidal canal to deep water in San Francisco
Bay, including the excavation of the tidal ba
sin, the report of said board to be submitted
to Congress at the next session.
Representative Metcalf left to-day for
Oakland on receipt of a message announc
ing the serious illness of his daughter.
Mrs. Metcalf had already started yester
day for home.
Pensions for Calif ornians: Original-
Thomas West, Auburn, $8; Wentzel Zika.
Soldiers' Home. Los Angeles. $6; Christian
William Sehrader, San Francisco, $6; Tan
dy C. Chiles, Los Angeles. $6. Original
widows, etc. — Minors of Henry C. Steven
son. Santa Barbara. $12.
Washington — Original — James Wilkinson.
Tower, $S. Additional— Thomas J. Patton,
Spokane, $6 to $8. Increase — Samuel Don
ley, Puyallup. $10 to $12. Original widows
(special account April 2) — Slary H. Rob
erts, Turtle, $S.
Oregon— Original— Cullen E. Cline. Port
land, $6; William H. Wagner. Rainier. $6.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
Grace L. Lawler. Clarksburg; Oregon —
Walter Smith, Natron.
Major George F. Shiels, surgeon.
United States volunteers, now in San
Francisco, has been, at his own request,
honorably discharged from the volunteer
army of the United States.
Captain George W. Deusen, Seventh Ar
tillery, at San Francisco, has been ordered
to join his battery at Fort Totten, N. Y.
Senators Perkins and Bard, Representa
tives Waters and Attorney General Ford
were among the visitors to the White
House to-day and talked with President
McKinley concerning California matters.
Ex-Congressman James G. Maguire of
San Francisco was a visitor on the floor
of the House to-day and was cordially
greeted by members on both sides of the
chamber.
Representative Needham appeared be
fore the Appropriations Committee to-day
to urge the appropriation of $23,000 for the
completion of the quarantine station at
San Diego. He also recommended a pro
vision in the appropriation bill for the con
struction of roads in Sequoia National
Park and is hopeful that both projects
will be favorably reported upon by the
committee.
3L. W. KXAPP. it D.
How any man may quickly enre himself after
years of suffering from sexual weakness, lost
vitality, night losses, varlcocele, etc.. and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor
Simply send your name and address to Dr l!
W. Knapp 1373 Hull Bldg.. Detroit. Mich., and
he will gladly send the free receipt with full
directions, so that any man may easily cure
himself at home. This la certainly a most gent
eroua offer, and the following extracts taken
his" eSerosfty? maU " hOW What men thln * o"
"Dear Sir: Please accept my sincere thanka
for yours of recent date. I have Ktven ySu?
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
Result, were exactly" wna? r° n rl lSl, beau " fu »y-
and vigor have complexly 1 "tf^. Strength
trouble in maklnTu^f 1 IF***** »nd I had no
«* can tmh" Uy "„*. °,f., f . 'f* 1 ?* " directed.
m «n. I am KreaViV «tt^ " '5 * boon l< > *eak
and vi-or." Brea " T In size, ttrength
confidential.
1» free for the asklli^nS h* 10 * 5 ' Th * rec «'Pt
to have It. aSkln * «* *• want, every maa
NEW BOXING LAWS.
The. Supervisors' Police Committee has
drafted a Bet of rules which will in the
future govern all boxing contests con
ducted under professional auspices. Be
fore any permit is granted for boxing ex
hibitions the managers of the club ap
plying for the privilege must agree to
abide by the rules and any violation of
them will result In ,the denial of any fu
ture applications. It was also decided
that there shall be two Judges, as well as
a referee, at every meeting. Clubs will
be held responsible for the fairness of
contests. No matches shall be made be
tween men who have been parties to
fake fights. Bets shall be declared off
upon the slightest suspicion of crooked
ness. If the suggestions of the Police
Committee are not carried out an ordi
nance will be presented at once stopping
all professional boxing. contests.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Men's calf shoes worth $3 for $1 25 a pair
at the Boston Shoe C 0., -775 Market st. •
Kilpatrick Charges to Be Dropped.
Superintendent of Schools Webster has
decided to recommend that the charges
brought against E. C. Kllpatrlck, princi
pal of the Business Evening School, be
not taken up lor trial by the Board of
Education. SKaa
Bergen Out on Bail.
Benjamin C. Bergen, the United States
Mint weigher, charged with stealing gold
from that institution, was yesterday re
leased on $2000 bail. .
Pigeon Shooting.
D. ROBERTS,
Wholesale and Retail
Dealer in Live and
Dressed Poultry and
Game.
504 Front St I
Gnu Cls
I will contract to fur-
nish, for 2 or S years,
any and all clubs. Live
Pigeons at a reasonable
price per shot.
TRAPSHOOTERS ACTIVE.
Trapshooting , has developed so rapidly
this season that San Francisco Trap
shooting Association requires 200 dozen
pigeons each month to supply the de
mands upon its resources. The Ingleside
grounds- are crowded each shooting day.
In addition to the pigeons thousands ox
bluerocks are smashed.
M. O. Feudner, holder of the Olympic
Gun Club live-bird challenge medal, has
been challenged by "Sands," and they
will probably meet at Ingleside on the22d
inst. : Mr. Feudner has won the trophy
three times, while Dr. Barker of San Jose
has two wins to his credit. It becomes
the property of the man winning it five
times.- - : •¦¦-_•-.
The members of Olympic Gun Club will
meet at a club dinner on the 20th Inst.
The Lincoln, Gun Club members will
hold their regular snoot . to-morrow at
Ineleside.
OLYMPIC CLUB JOTTINGS.
Captain George James of the Olympic
Club has fixed the date of the cross coun
try run for the 22d inst. The route will be
from Mill Valley to Willow Camp, near
Bolinas, and return to the starting point.
Those in attendance will enjoy a swim
and luncheon at Willow Camp.-
On the night of the 20th inst. the Ariel
Club's water polo team will meet that of
the Olympic Club in the Post-street tank.
There will also be a relay race between
the teams.
On the same night' the polo teams of
Lowell High School and of Polytecnlc
will meet in a match game.' The'occa
sion will be in the nature of a ladles'
night.
EN OF MIGHT
All strong men are full of electricity,
Weak men lack it. If you have Lame
Back, Rheumatism, Kidney or Stomach
Weakness, Loss of Power in Nerves.
Poor Memory, etc.. you need electricity.
Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt, war-
ranted the strongest on earth, gives a
stream of .electricity into the weak-
body while you sleep, and without the
awful burning of other belts. It cures
forever.*
Send for free 80-page book about it.
dr. m. a. Mclaughlin,
.702 Xirket St.. Cor. Kttnj. S. T.,
GOSSIP OF THE OARSMEN.
Last Sunday the Pioneer Rowing Club
held the first race for the Alpers medal,
which will become the property of the
member who wins three races. George
Callopy and C. L. Ochs started in the first
heat in the outrigged skiffs, Ochs winning
in twelve minutes. The second heat was
won by H. Wilder, who defeated J.
Klunder in thirteen minutes. The final
heat between C. L. Ochs and H. Wilder
was won by the former. J. Brennan of
ficiated as referee, F. Orr as starter, W
St. John as timer and G. Murphy and G
Lawson as judges. .
To-night the Alameda Boating Club will
receive its friends and members for a
moonlight excursion on Oakland Creek
A powerful launch has been engaged to
tow a long string of plungers and row
boats down the creek, along the East
Oakland shore, past Sessions Basin, to the
drawbridges. The committee having the
affair in charge consists of W. B. Hlnch
man, E. Mi Hunter and W. G. Hansen
. On Wednesday night the Dolphin Boat
ing Club held a well-attended meeting, at
which the following eight new members
were Initiated: August Schuppert Frank
C. Drew, Val Kehrlein, John Platt H j
Perazzi, B. H. Nelson. Theo. Lunstedt and
Will A. Donovan. The applicants for
membership are Frank Curry H B
Brickwedel, F. W. Selbold. W. H. Hollis
and W. B. Duff.
The Dolphin Junior barge crew Is made
up as- follows: W. A. Donovan, bow; H A
Swedlund, No. 2; Robert O'Hea, No' 3*
T. R. Dixon, stroke, and Will Everts'
cockswain. "Boots" Everts is a son of
Captain Everts of the Third Artillery
who Is stationed at Fort Mason. A com
mittee, consisting of W. O. Patch, Cap
tain T. J. Kennedy, W. L. Bush, Frank
McElrath, T. R. Dixon and J. S. Earls.
was appointed to make arrangements for
ladies' day on a date not conflicting with
the Olympic day at Tiburon.
BENCH SHOW PROSPECTS.
With the beginning of next week the
office of the San Francisco Kennel Club
at 328 Montgomery street will be open.un
til 9 p. m. dally for the purpose of re
ceiving entries. There can be no doubt
that the coming show will be the largest
ever held west of Chicago. The entries
already made exceed in number those of
the same date last year by double. In
spite of the wide publicity given to the
fact many inquiries are being made as to
the necessity of a pedigree for the pur
pose of exhibiting a dog. A pedigree is
entirely unnecessary. In entering a dog
in the puppy class, however,' the rules of
the American Kennel Club require that
the date of birth, name of breeder and
the names of the sire and dam be given.
In all other classes, where these particu
lars are unknown, it suffices to state that
fact on the entry blank.
The classes for trick dogs are an In
novation in ah American • bench show,
though they are quite frequent at En
glish shows. From present appearances
these classes will be the best filled of
any.
One of the features of the show will be
a pack of foxhounds owned by Mr. Wick
ert. They will be exhibited in a separate
pen, which will be handsomely decorated
with many trophies of the chase.
Philip- C. Meyer intends to have a try
for the San Francisco Kennel Club's sil
ver cup for the best kennel of St. Ber
nards and for the Dr. Cluness cup for the
same. Mr. Mejter intends to enter five
dogs in his kennel, among which will' be
the great Alta Rachel, St. Leonard-Prin
cess Rachel.
The rivalry among the fox terrier men
is keen. When one member of the Pa
cific Fox Terrier Club buys a good dog
another member is sure to go him one
better, or. try to. J. B. Martin purchased
Aldon Swagger from the Rev. J. \V. Plln
ton of Victoria, B. C, and thought he
would have a walkover with this unbeat
en crack, but N. H. Hlckman has brought
out the Eastern prize winner Warren
Sceptic to beat Swagger and he is liable
to turn the trick; The bull terrier men
are just as full of fight as the fanciers
of the smaller breed. Albert Josephs im
ported from ' England Bloomsbury Baron,
the dog that beat the field at the Crystal
Palace show of 1899, and now John Glea
son is bringing out AVoodcote Wonder -to
beat. the Baron.
• Mastiff 8 are • going to make a larger
showing than at New York. J. P. Norman,
the secretary of the Pacific Mastiff Club,
is going to make a strong bid for the
club trophies with his imported dog Dag
onet Montez (General Wolseley-Lady Se
rene) and with Hebe Montez (Chlno Don-
Lola). James Lk Flood will show a pair,
Caesar F. (Roderick Dhu-Baby Ruth) and
Myra (Major-Queen Bess II). Timothy
Their Marriages Were Failures.
Adelaide Collln has been granted a di
vorce from Francis J. Collln on the
ground of failure to provide. Judge
Daingerfield lias issued a decree in favor
of the plaintiffs In the divorce suits of
Theresa vs. Edward F. Sims and Millie
Thill vs. Nicholas Thill. Claude Ponze
has secured a divorce from Bertha Ponze
on account of the latter's desertion. The
case was heard by Judge Hunt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Send Name and Address To-day- You Can
Have It Free and Be Strong and
Vigorous for Life.
INSURES LOVE AND A HAPPY HOME.
GOLFERS ON MANY LINKS.
Though playing on their opponents'
course and five down on the first round,
the San Francisco eight— or rather seven,
for H. D. Pillsbury was absent— defeated
the Oakland Golf Club representatives
seven up in the first half of the second
home-and-home tournament, which took
place on the Adams Point links last Sat
urday. For the home team E. R. Folger
played the strongest game, being only two
down against John Lawson over eighteen
holes. The San Francisco golfers, both
men and women, have now won five
matches straight from the Oaklanders,
three on the Oakland links and two over
the Presidio course.
The second half of the contest will take
place this afternoon, the representatives,
of both clubs being much the same as on
last Saturday. H. D. Pillsbury will be on
hand to play for the San Francisco team.
He is in good form. It is probable that
the San Francisco men, playing on their
own links, will Increase their lead over
the Oaklanders, who rarely show them
selves at their best over the Presidio
course.
The proposed match between the golfers
of the University of California and of
Stanf&rd University has not yet been ar
ranged.
The course laid out by Stephenson at
Reid's School, Belm.ont. is being played
upon, and as soon as a good team can be
got together a match against the boys at
St. Matthew's School, San Mateo, will be
arranged.
George Smith, the newly engaged pro
fessional of the San Rafael Golf. Club, ar
rived here early this week, but was pre
vented by the rain from getting out on
the links until Thursday, on which day
he went round twice with R. Gllman
Brown. Smith plays an easy game and
his approaching Is particularly fine. In
two rounds he missed only once laying
his ball right on the green close up to the
hole. He played the best game ever seen
on the San Rafael course.
COLLEGE BOYS
MEET AGAIN ON
THE DIAMOND
University of California and
Stanford Play To-Day at
Palo Alto.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 13.—
Since last Saturday's defeat In baseball
on the Berkeley field every effort has b«en
made to put the men into winning form.
Each afternoon a practice game with the
second team Is played, when Coach
Murphy and Captain Strohm do all In
their power to rouse the team to a win
ning pace before it is too late. All are
agreed that the trouble Is the men can
not handle the ball either In the Infield
or outfield. However, their stick work
and base running remain good and they
may be able to win next Saturday's game
upon this score, together with the advan
tage which comes from -playing: on their
own grounds. It is likely that Cowden's
place at second will be filled by Brown,
as the former haa been confined to his bea
during the week. It is possible that other
changes will be made, but they will not b»»
announced till Saturday.
The candidates on the field and track
are doing conscientious training for their
Events. The men are divided Into squads,
according to their events, so . that the
trainers can give them more individual
attention. The freshmen are much en
couraged by their victory over Nevada
University, and their, entire team remains
In the list for the big field day.
Active preparations are L><4>n;r. made to
handle the crowds that will visit th«
Stanford campus to see the second Inter
collegiate baseball game and the field day.
The diamond has been put into excellent
shape, while seating capacity for 2000 per
sons has been provided. Manager Cant
well has also improved the track and Is
erecting bleachers for 2300 people.
The try-out tournament to choose Stan
ford's representatives In Intercollegiate
tennis will be held on the Endna courts
Saturday morning. Sam Hardy and Harry
Welhe, Stanford's two- best players, are
known among the tennis cracks of the
coast and should bring the championship
to Stanford. The intercollegiate match
will be held on the courts of the California
Tennis Club In San Francisco at 9 a, ra.
April 21. The matches will be two best
out of three, instead of three out of five
as formerly.
CYCLERS WILL
REORGANIZE ON
BROAD LINES
Meeting and Election of Offi
cers of Associated Cyclers
on Tuesday.
The first annual meeting and election of
officers of the California Associated Cy
clists, which now has charge of wheeling
affairs on this coast, will be held next
Tuesday evening, the 17th inst.. in the
assembly room, Parrott building. A large
gathering of delegates from the various
clubs belonging to the old association is
expected, and many new ones. The Valley
Cycle Path Club of Vallejo and Napa will
Join, and the Oak Park Wheelmen of Sac
ramento County. Many automobile own
fl a ot l^ ia clty are taking an interest In
.?, c >' clers good roads movement, as It
will aid their interests materially. In
fact, a general renewal or interest In the
sport Is apparent, and the new associa
tion will prosper under It.
H. -A. Lozler Sr. of Cleveland. Ohio, is
In the city on a pleasure trip. Mr. Lo
zler s company was one of the largest
manufacturers of blcvcles in the world
having three distinct plants. He sold out
to the trust some time ago, and is out of
business for the present, though automo
biles and launches interest him to such an
extent that he may take up their manu
facture on a large scale on his return
home. Mr. Lozier Is an immense man In
stature, an enthusiastic cycler and takes
pride in the fact that the lightest wheel
his factory turns out is strong enough to
bear his immense weight.
Francis H. Lowe of London Is In the
city. Mr. Lowe, accompanied by two gen
tlemen named Frazer and Lund, passed
through here over three years ago on a
wheeling trip around the world. Having
completed that arduous task, Mr. Lowe
determined to go over the same route
again more slowly and more comfortably
so he is traveling on trains and steamers'
retracing as nearly as possible the exact
route he and his friends covered once
before.
The sixteenth anniversary reception and
hop of the Bay City Wheelmen will be
held next Tuesday evening, April 17, at
Golden Gate Hall. Each member is per
mitted to Invite a guest, and the commit
tee in charge Is preparing for a large at
tendance.
The California Cycling Club will have a
run to Tocoloma to-morrow.
RICH STAKES
ARE OFFERED
COURSING MEN
The Reported Scarcity of
Hares Does Not Hamper
the Sport.
The reported scarcity of hares has ap
parently not alarmed the management of
Union Coursing Park. Two stakes, with
a total entry of 140 greyhounds, form the
card for to-day and to-morrow. The
champion stake will be decided to-morrow
afternoon. The reserve stake will be run
down once and possibly twice to-day,
commencing upon the arrival of the 10:15
a. m. train. The Tanforan train leaving
here at 1:25 p. m. will also stop at the
park. The champion stake has attracted
i^uxor. Warship, Bad Boy, Crawford Lad,
Flying Fox, Brutus, Narcissus, White
head,-Palo Alto and Theron. The reserve
stake, with its 128 entries, has many dogs
of high class.
The change made by the management
of Ingleaide Park in offering special
stakes frequently has proved a popular
move. In all big open stakes there are
usually about eight dogs that outclass
the remainder of those entered. By giving
special stakes these dogs compete one
against another and .provide sensational
sport, every course being a match. With
the champions out of the way the open
stake also develops good sport, these dogs
also being well matched. It also affords
them an opportunity to earn their train
ing expenses.
The special stake to-morrow Includes:
Flora McDonald, Connemara, Master
Clair, Chicago Boy, Pepita, Tea Rose,
St. Oran and Golden Rule. The open
stake, the first round of which will be run
to-day, commencing at 1 p. m., was lim
ited to sixty-four entries.
M. Dunlea has lost by death his prom
ising young greyhound Fenian Boy. He
was a brother of Palo Alto, Ireland,
American and other great performers.
D. J. Healey of Petaluma has been un
fortunate with his greyhounds during the
past week. Sisquoc, his crack dog, was
being given an "opening up" run when
he started a hare which made its escape
through a picket fence. Sisquoc dashed
after him, but could only get half way
through. He wrenched himself badly and
will not be able to start for some time.
Mr. Healey was also unfortunate In losing
the entire litter of Emm Pasha-Wave
puppies. Much was expected of these,
as the first litter proved a great one.
James Dean has lost by distemper two
of his promising puppies by his great
black dog Connemara, out of Mialmo.
They were over a year old and much was
expected of them.
J. J. Edmonds has some puppies •by
Young America-Valley Queen and by
Master Glenkirk-Vlda Shaw, which will
be soon running for him on the local
coursing fields.
Captain P. M. Clarkson's promising
puppies, Flower of Gold and Golden
Garter, were badly cut by barbed wire
some days ago. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
j Mist is also on the shelf from the same
cause. O'Hara followed her through a
fence, taking the dangerous wire- with
him, without sustaining a scratch. .
Aeneid Kennels' Van Doric died after
whelping some days since.
C. E. Root, a Minnesota coursing man,
has sent a nineteen-months-old greyhound
to be bred to J. O Shea's YoUng America,
Mr. Chambille has secured one of the
same, litter, which he will start on the
local coursing fields. They are of the
same litter as J. R. Smith's Master Dav
enport and Lady Sears.
Curtis &. Sons have purchased Old Glory
from M. Michalek. Old Glory ran Vulcan,
one of the Curtis cracks, to a head at
Union Park last Sunday, and It was the
favor of the hare which gave the course
to Vulcan.
H. A. Deckelman has sold Prince George
to David Dillon. The dog is by St. Law
rence-Buenretiro, nnd la of the same Utter
as Lottie M and Wild Tralee. He will be
coursed for a time and then retired to the
stud.
J. Lenlhan's Rosalie has whelped a litter
of eleven puppies, of which seven are
dogs, to Bernal Boy. The sire Is by Emm
Pasha and the dam by St. Clair. T. J.
McHugh has secured a black and white
dog puppy with a distinct star on the
head, which Is most promising.
Hopkins will show Lola Montez, a litter
sister to Hebe Montez, and W. E. Meek
will place on the bench his unbeaten dog
California Cube (Cube-Pedigree).
A. G. Glenn, the member recently elect
ed to the Mastiff Club, will compete for
the prizes with a dark horse, a mastiff
bitch by Timothy, out of Minerva.
Pet dogs are undoubtedly going to be a
great feature of the show. Mrs. Deane
will have her kennel of beautiful Italian
greyhounds on exhibition and Mrs. Grace
will show her silky haired Yorkshire ter
riers. Mrs. W. H. Crocker will show poo
dles, both corded and curly. Mrs. Henry
J. Crocker has some handsome specimens
of the toy Pomeranian and Mrs. PHls
bury and Mrs. Norman will compete for
the Flood cup for Boston terriers. There
will be quite an exhibit of the breed this
year and neither the Lemmer cup nor the
Kennel Club's cup will be won without
hot competition, in which Mrs. Carlton
with her Oakslde Tremont will have a
good chance, of winning out.
The show will open May 2.
WIND MARS THE
SPORT OF MANY
FLY-CASTERS
Men Who Want Big Fish Await
the Opening of Mountain
Streams.
The fishermen have had their first try at
the trout in nearby streams and have, in
a degree, satisfied their longing for a
day's outing with rod/and line. They
have now settled down to planning other
and longer outings when the important
streams arid lakes of the high Sierras,
now snowbound, will be opened to them.
The heavy north wind of last Saturday
precluded the possibility of casting a fly
in any of the nearby streams. The rain
and other adverse conditions had a de
pressing effect upon the fish and few were
taken. . Conditions are not much better
this week and a comparatively small num
ber of anglers have planned trips afield.
From Verdi comes information of flur
ries of snow and also that the fish are not
running nor jumping at any of the dams
on the river. The same reports come
from the Klamath, where the weather has
been extremely cold. Snow and rain have
combined to destroy the sport for the time
being, but later on it will be all that can
be desired.
Colonel Kelihor is still at Balrds, on
the McCloud, and is apparently success
ful, as he sent a splendid basket of lish
to Henry Skinner on Thursday. W. F.
Bogart and his friend, Mr. Emmons, went
to the McCloud on Thursday of lact week.
They found the river high and a cold
north wind also tended to spoil their sport.
Despite these drawbacks they were fair
ly successful, securing some handsome
flsh. Colonel Kelihor has so worked upon
some of his friends in Austin, Tex.,
that a number of them have signified their
intention of spending a month on the trout
streams of this State when the season is
at its height.
Frank Maskey has returned from his
lodge on Eel River, where he enjoyed good
sport on the opening of the season with Ai
Hall.
Fishing on the Paper Mill has been good
during the week. The majority of those
who lish the stream use ordinary bait,
Ignoring the more aristocratic and highly
colored fly.
John Butler is organizing a small party
to flsh the lagoon at San Gregorio for
steelheads. The ordinance recently passed
by the Supervisors of San Mateo County,
closing the streams until May 1, does not
prevent fishing in tidewater. This per
mits fishing at the mouth of the Pesca
dero and the San Gregorio. The most
popular lure is a small frog, which the
steelheads take with aviaity.
John Gallagher and Charles Green came
down from Russian River on Wednesday
night. They report many striped bass in
the river and these provided good sport
for the anglers.
Messrs. Eagleson and Robinson caught
ninety pounds of rockcod at Point Blunt,
Angel I'Xind, last Sunday. The fishing
there j*s been of good quality and has
attrairid many anglers to that vicinity.
The regular semi-monthly contests of
the San Francisco Fly-Casting Club will
be held this afternoon and to-morrow
morning on Stow Lake. As. few of the
members have planned fishing trips for
this week a large attendance is expected.
The striped bass enthusiasts tried for
their favorite game fish in the Oakland
estuary and also in San Leandro Bay,
but were unsuccessful.
CAPITAL CITY
GETS HUGHES
TO STAY HERE
Needs the Crack Brooklyn
Pitcher to Strengthen Its
Baseball Team.
The Sacramento ball cranks are alarmed
over the failure of their team to win a
majority of the games played up to date
this season. There was always a keen
rivalry between Sacramento and Stockton
In baseball matters, and the Capital City
fans have already acquired a wholesome
respect for George Harper's Slough City
aggrgeatlon. They feel they can stand
him off now that they have signed
Hughes. The latter will accompany the
team to this city this week. The question
regarding the ability of Sacramento to
hold him was settled yesterday. Spencer,
the crack shortstop of the Southern
League, has not yet Joined the team,
and Manager Harris feels that it
behooves him to get another player. The
probability is that he will sign Decker,
the heavy-hitting first baseman of the
Chieagos. and shift McCarthy to short.
He is well satisfied with the team in other
respects and is confident it will be in the
race from start to finish. As the cham
pions have not been seen on the local dia
mond since they, acquired the pennant
which how floats from the pole on their
home grounds, they will no doubt draw a
large crowd. They are under the captaincy
of Bill Devereaux, formerly of Santa
Cruz. The line-up for to-day follows:
Sacramento. Positions. San Francisco.
Stanley Catcher Schwartz
Doyle Pitcher Iburg
Hanlon First baee ....; McCarthy
Ptultz Second base RelUy
Devereaux Third base Brockhoft*
Kpan Shortstop Peeples
McLaughlin I^eft field Levy
Phanahan Center field Krug
Salisbury Riffht field Hildebrand
RULING WHICH
COST THE TURF
A SPORTSMAN
Prince Poniatowski Retires
From Racing— Corrigan May
Be Snubbed in England.
The disqualification of Sardonic at Tan
foran Park on Tuesday last was the oc
casion for a regular hallelujah praise
meeting on the part of the Corriganites.
This action on the part of the Judges was
lauded to the skies as Illustrating con
clusively that Corrlgan had no more of a
"drag" at the San Mateo course than any
othtr horse owner. The comparison be
tween the Sardonic and Ella Boland rul
ings is about as strikingly similar as a
band wagon and a hearse would seem to
a blind man. When Sardonic was set back
and the race given to Tappan it was for
a palpable foul, committed in plain view
of everybody. At the same time the odds
against the mare had receded in the bet
ting, and the b<*)ks were the severest
sufferers. When Ella Boland was set
back and the race given to Corrigan's
St. Casimir it was for an alleged breach
of etiquette, perfectly indescernible to
the spectator. Furthermore, nine of every
ten racegoers present on that day are
still willing to wager that no foul was
committed by the rider of Ella Boland. St.
Casimir had been plunged on, while the
filly which raced the faint-hearted "dog"
to a standstill was almost overlooked by
the average player.
There is one thing the disqualifying of
Ella Boland did accomplish. In abhor
rence of and in disgust at "Corrigan fair
play," Prince Poniatowski, owner of the
rilly, has quit the sport. The firm of
.Burns & Waterhouse purchased Ella Bo
land and Mortgage, and in future the
type the American turf is most in need
of will devote his energies to the breed
ing Industry.
When Barney Schreiber's crack piece
of racing bric-a-brac, Sofala, started for
the Gebhard it was with many misgiv
ings on the part of Felix Carr and Dick
Williams, Barney's two trainers. Felix
had a dread of the "hoodoo" thirteenth
6tart. while Dick said Schrelber ought to
be arrested for starting a young two-year
old with all that weight up. Barney him
self was like a nervous "scrapper" wait
ing for the gong. He finally consulted
Judge Joe Murphy, who probably told the
St. lx)Uis man she would strike Just as
hard game in an ordinary purse race. If
it didn't help her it certainly did not hurt
the filly's selling price any.
Jockey Joe Piggott still lingers in town,
but will not ride at Tanforan. Joe says
he is always doing his best and objects to
being called into the stand after each
race to explain some trifling happening.
Tanforan Park still keeps up its record
for killing odds-on favorites. Fortunately
the track is located in close proximity to
the cemeteries and In after years inquir
ing members of the talent can drop down
that way and read what happened to some
of their coin.
It is more than probable that Jim Cald
well will do the starting at Denver in
June next. The "Prince's" work has been
excellent the past season and if not af
flicted with that Incurable disease attack-
Ing all flag-wielders, "searching for ad
verse press notices." would be one of the
good fellows of the turf.
While Eastern turf writers are telling
what Corrigan is going to do in and about
Chicago this summer the deposed ruler
of veiled Ingleside is kept busy at this
end telling of his English turf campaign
As yet the English turf writers have had
little to say. In passing opinion on a
horse the men of the press on the other
side usually go over the animal carefully
looking for blemishes before expressing
any views. Perhaps when the action of
the Jockey Club, the representative turf
body of this country, and of the Califor
nia Jockey Club, the former in refusing
Corrigan a trainer's license, the latter in
rejecting his stake entries, becomes known
there may be a bombardment.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
SAN FRANCISCO
YACHT CLUB TO
OPEN SEASON
Commodore Hanley of the En
cinals Issues a Programme
of Sailincr Events.
The oldest yacht club on San Francisco
Bay will to-day open the season of 19J0.
Most of the yachts are in commission, and
several have already been under sail.
Last Sunday Commodore J. D. Spreckels
took a party of friends out on his fine
schooner Lurline, which has abandoned
her suit of black with a gold line, and Is
now pure white. Ex-Commodore T. L.
Hill was out in the sloop Cygnus, and,
Commodore \V. X. McCarihv in the flag
s-hip Ramuna, E. A. Wilteee's Aggie is
¦till at Antioch, but will be brought down
to Sausalito soon. Vice Commodore 11. H.
Simpklns has been, absent from the city,
but has returned to his quarters at the
University Club. His fine yawl Tramon
tana is on the ways at Tiburon. having
ii new keelson put in forward and being
eenerally braced and strengthened. The
molds for the angle-iron braces are ready
and it is hoped that she can be put into a
thoroughly stanch, water-tight condition.
The schooner Aggie will be taken out at
Benicia. on Matthew Turner's ways. A
craft that will be much missed from the
San Francisco fleet Is K. C. Bartlett's
yawl Frolic, which for many years has
been one of the best-known yachts on the
bay.
I. Gutte's Chispa, the Sutherland Bros.*
Catherine, J. R. Savory's Juanita, R. S.
Brtdgman's Thetis, W. Woods" Angela, C.
Chittenden's Phyllis (chartered by Harry
Dot and friends), the sloop Siren (char
tered by G. T. S. White and friends), the
Fleam yacht El Primero, the launches Lu
cero, America and Athlete, the yawl
rigged canoe Rita, the fast sloops Nixie
at.d Queen are all Included in the San
Francisco fleet, as is also E. W. Newhall's
t-chooner Virginia.
This afternoon the yachts will lie at
their moorings in front of the clubhouse.
They will have every available piece of
bunting flying and will be ready to re
ceive visitors on board. During the after
noon several yachtsmen will cruise over
from Tiburon and Oakland Creek and will
take part in the dance in the clubhouse
In the evening. All the directors will act
as stewards at the dance, which will go
on until midnight. The last boat returns
to the city at 10:50 p. m.
Commodore J. S. Hanley of the Encinal
Tacht Club has issued a programme of
sailing events for the season, which 31-111
oj>en May 12. Visitors from other yacht
clubs will be received in the afternoon,
and in the evening there will be a variety
show and a dance. Next day the visiting
yachts will be escorted to the chanr.el.
On May 25 there will be a cruise to the
naval train! rig etation on Goat Island.
On June <> there will be a cruise to San
Mateo.
The South Bay Tacht Club has issued
Its programme for the season, which will
be opened on Sunday, April 22, at the
Drawbridge. On Saturday and Sunday,
April 2S and Zj, there will be an over
night cruise to Dumbarton Point. The
programme includes half a dozen over
night cruises, a visit to the Pacific Inter
club Yacht Association regatta at San
Francisco and a race for the Martin Doerr
cup. • •
OITE wwk from to-day the sprinters and Jumpers of the rival universities at Berkeley and Palo Alto will meet in the- annual intercollegiate
championships. These will be held on the Stanford field, in keeping with the intention to have all contests tako place at the colleges, thus
in a measure dointr away with the grate money, which it was thought lowered the standard of amateurism, especially where so large a sum of
money was Involved as is usually taken at an intercollegiate football match. University of California will present next Saturday the men who will
fly its colors in May at Mott Haven and other Eastern college fields. The sharpest competition will possibly be between Captain Hotf! Boyd
of Stanford and Jack Hoffman. University of California, In the pole vault and high Jump. Both are doing better than record In practice and
only the test of competition can determine which is the better man. The teams are believed to be evenly matched in the majority of the events.
A feature of the day will be a match between Bakewell of. University of California and Thompson' of Academic League.
CRACK SPRINTERS AND JUMPhRS WHO WILL REPRESENT LELAND STANFORD JR. UNIVERSITY IN THE INTERCOLLEGIATE CHAMPIONSHIPS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL- 14, 1900.
4THE Monumental gate, the principal entrance to the grounds, stands on the Cours de la Reine,
about 166 yards from the statue cf the Place de la Concorde. It is preceded by two grand ar-
Pstic rr.a*t.-. brilliantly ornamented and surmounted by electric lights. Though modestly
classed on the official plan as "gate number 13," it is certainly one of the features of the expo
sition, as nuch 60 by its imposing dimensions as by the splendor of Its decorations.
PARIS. April 13.— The exposition
authorities are making a strenuous
effort to prepare the show for the
inauguration to-morrow, but an cx
arr.ir.alion of the grounds and build
ings* tu-<iay shows the task is im
possible. The buildings are filled with de
bris and the exhibits are only partially in-
Fta'.;» d. The Salle dcs Fetes, In which the
inaugural ceremonies are planned to oc
cur to-morrow, has an army of men ciear
ing the- floor t-pace .and arranging the
mats. The work will continue all night
end dose to the hour when the invited
guests arrive.
In order to facilitate the labor of clear
ing the grounds thousands of soldiers have
been utilized.
The ceremonies are timed to begin at 2
o'clock, when M. MiUerand. Minister of
Commerce, will make the inaugural ad
dress, to which President Loubet will re
ply. The President will then walk
through a portion of the grounds and aft
erward, embarking on a river craft he
will go down the Kivcr 'Seine to the new
Alexander 111 bridge, which he will
formally declare open. The exposition
grounds will he closed for the remainder
of the day. the formal opening to the pub
lic taking place on Sunday.
The whole exposition space is covered
by fiickering lights and hordes of work
men are busily engaged in clearing away ;
scaffoldings, packing and debris of every |
kind, which still litter all the arteries of
the exposition. This work Is only to pre- ]
pare a series of tableaus for the President
to-morrow, as he will not enter the expo
sition buildings proper, but will only in
spect the diftercnt edifices from the out
f ,%. for the excellent reason that the
buildings are thus far mere shells, with
scarcely any exhibits to be seen anywhere.
• A ii < \ r , M - Loubet's visit to-morrow these
(scaffoldings will be rebuilt and the inter
rupted work of Installation will be re
sumed.
The success of the inauguration ceremo
ny will depend largely upon the weather
to-morrow, which happily promises to be
..*;• r. Otne rwise the exposition grounds
will become a veritable slough of despon
dency.
Despite the incomplete condition of the
exposition President Loubet will be able
to enjoy three splendid views. The first
is the view down the Champs de Mars
•from the Trocadero to the Chateau d'Eu.
with artistic palaces on either side and
with the center bestrode by the Immense
arches of the Eiffel tower.
The second is the vista from the Champs
Elysees across the new Alexander bridge
to the Hotel dcs Invalides. with the gild
ed dome of the tomb of Napoleon 1 rising
up at the farther end and flanked firstly
by an avenue of trees and then by white
facades of handsome edifices. In which
will be collected the exhibits classed un
der the varied industries, these facades
being embellished by groups of sculpture
and by huge and effective paintings of al
legorical subjects.
The third prospect is the. scene looking
along the Seine embankment, upon which
are erected the national pavilions of the
foreign nations, each of which is a re
production of some famous building typi
fying the national architecture of the
country it represents. The bright colors
The whole is inclosed by an ornamental
fmlisade painted green and decorated at
ntervals with trellis work, on which are
trained climbing vines and creepers, giv
ing a most pleasing effect to the eye.
Thirty-six gates in aJI give entrance ti»
the grounds, so situated* and of such size
as to give convenient and ready passage
to the vast crowds of people that will
come from every quarter of the city at tht>
nearest point of approach.
Within the Grounds. '
Looking at any map of Paris or plan of
the grounds it is easy to form an Idea of
the situation and importance of the vari
ous parts of the exposition, which is di
vided by the topography of the grounds
into a number of sections more or less in
dependent of each other, yet intimately
connected with the general plan and with
one another.
Thus the two palaces of the Champs
Elysees, the Petit Palais, devoted to
French art alone from its origin to the
present time, and the Grand Palais, de
voted to the fine arts generally, form a
homogeneous whole, distinct from the rest
of the exposition. Across the Seine, yet
closely connected by the Pont Alexandre
111. the Esplanade dcs Invalides, with its
palaces of "divers industries." and of the
"decoration and furnishing of public
buildings and habitations," forms another
not less autonomous.
The Rue dcs Nations— that is to say. the
double line of palaces of foreign powers
—which stretches along the left bank of
the Seine, between the Pont dcs Invalides
and >the Pont de l'Alma. presents likewise
a peculiar; physiognomy and finds itself
localized in a distinct zone with the palace
of "Armies and Navies" and the palace oC
Hygiene. The individuality of the
Champs Elysees. Mars with its palaces
of industrial arts, mining, electricity,
agriculture, and the Eiffel Tower, is incon
testable, and that of the Trocadero. with
its French and foreign colonial exhibits.
Is not less so. Finally along the right bank
of the Seine from the Trocadero to the
Pont dcs In\-alldes stretches an elongated
zone parallel to that on the other bank,
not less independent. Here are the palaces
of the City of Paris, of Social Economy
and Congresses of the Dance of Mirth,
Song, Liviner Tableaux, aquariums, res
taurants. ol<i Paris and many other
things. This fragmentary disposition en
ables one to comprehend the Immensity
of the exposition much better than if It
was concentrated in one vast, regular
block. One can go through the whole
without missinK any essential in a more
enjoyable manner. The crowds will bt»
more evenly distributed, circulation will
be easier and congestions will be avoided.
The Intercommunication.
Perfect unity of and easy passage be
tween the several .sections lying oh oppo
site sides of the Seine for some 2500 yards
is assured by four permanent bridges and
four "passarelles." temporary structures
for foot passengers. For thia purpose the
Pont Alexandre 111, a monumental work
of most prominent character, was con
structed. It lies in the axis of the Es
planade dcs Invalid** am' the broa>i ave
nue between the Petit Palais and the
Grand Palais on the Champs Elysees. Be
low it come in order the Pont dcs Inva-
Hdes. the Pont de TAlma and the Pont
de Jena, which latter has been consider
ably widened.
TMtUNITErbSTATK BUILDING,
M9MUMETITAL GATE - PRINCIPAL ENTRANCE:.
THE United States building stands on the Qual d'Orsay, on the Seine, In the Rue dcs Nations. It
' has a frontage of eighty-five feet and a depth of ninety feet, and the top of the dome is 160
feet above the ground. The main feature is the classic porch, which opens on the Seine. The
cost of the building itself, aside from the furnishings, will be something over J220.000. It stands
between the Ottoman pavilion and that of the Austro-Hungarian empire.
TK£ CALIFORNIA CQ/AmSSIQtiE-RS.t
THE Exposition authorities themselves do not know
what will be the most popular and striking feature of
the" Exposition, but- it will^doubtless prove to be one
of the following, all of them novel and attractive:
1. The street "of modern Paris, running along the em
bankment from the Place de la Concorde to the Pont de
I'Alma. This will illustrate the art and wit, of France, and
will contain palaces of dancing, song, and all that is refined
in the- curiosities of Paris. The directors of the Opera and
another leading Paris theater are engaged upon its elab
oration.
2. M. Deloncle's telescope, bringing the moon's sur
face apparently within forty kilometres (twenty-five miles)
of the spectator.
3. A city of gold, near the Trocadero, showing every
detail of gold production, with Californian miners and
models of the mines.
4. A gigantic turning palace, or revolving tower, 100
yards high and lighted throughout by electricity.
5. The grand and little palaces of the fine arts of all
nations.
6. The pavilion of the press, and those of the special
commissioners, which will be scattered over the area.
7. An enormous terrestrial globe by the famous
French geographer, M. Reclus, placed, owing to its size,
outside the Exposition proper.
8. Palace of the army and navy, and a palace of food,
• In addition "to these there will almost certainly be a
Woman's Palace, showing the development of fem
inine education, training and labor; a switchback; a colos
sal vat; an enormous bell; imitation of the • Blue Grotto of
Capri, of the fountain of Vaucluse; captive balloons; a cy
cloramaof the war of secession in America, and other de
vices to interest, charm or amuse.
Loubet Will Press the Button.
The "Exposition Universelle Interna
tionale de Paris" will be officially inaugu
rated to-day at 6 a. m.. San Francisco
time. The ceremony will take place In
the immense Salle dcs Fetes of the Champ
de Mars, which occupies the center of the
former machinery building of the exposi
tion of ISB3. President Loubet will press
an electric button and the great exposi
tion of 1900 will be launched.
To-morrow, Easter Sunday, the gates
will be thrown open to the public. -¦
This grand manifestation, a worthy, cor
onation of the cioslng century, easily sur
passes in splendcr all of those which have
preceded it. It is the result of a colossal
sum of Ideas, of which the best have been
preserved by a series of happy selections
and realized by six years of material ef
forts. These efforts have brought into
existence a veritable new city.formlng an
agglomeration, distinctly separate- and
apart, in the midst of the grand capital
1889, but its official existence dates from
July, 1592, when. the subject was brought
before President Carnot by M. Jules
Roche, then Minister of Public Works.
On July 13 following President Carnot Is
sued a decree announcing "a universal ex
position of works of art and of Industrial
and agricultural products." The date was
fixed at May 15 to October 31, 1900, but
subsequently changed to April 15 to No
vember 15. 1900. Preliminary studies were
made, a financial scheme devised and an
administration instituted.
Generally speaking, the exposition, as
has been all the preliminary work, is un
der the control of the Minister of Com
merce and Industry, though the working
head has been and is now M. Alfred
Picard. commissioner general, assisted by
Secretary General Henri Chardon. Direct
or General of Exploitation M. Delaunay-
Bellevllle and six other directors of the
various sections of the work.
Extent of the Big Enterprise.
The actual land area within the in
closure of the exposition of 11XX) is consid
erably greater than that of 18S9, being
about 268 acres, of which 72^ acres are
covered by buildings. The site occupied
includes the public grounds on both sides
of the Seine from the Place de la Concorde
to the Pont de l'Alma, which area includes
the Champ de Mars, the Trocadero, the
Qual d'Orsay, the Esplanade dcs Inva
lides, the Quai de la Conference, the Cours
de la Relne and that part of the Champs
Elysees on which until recently stood the
Palais de Tlndustrie, and the grounds ad
jacent as far as the Place de la Concorde,
where stands the principal . entrance, thw
monumental gaXe.
of France, with its own inclosure, its
gates, its special administration — all the
complicated services of an autonomous
city. : . ,
It is, indeed, a marvelous city: a city of
a dream, uniquely composed of magnifi
cent palaces rising on .all sides alortg tri
umphal ways, avenues set with trees, gar
dens designed with art and kept up with
minutest care. ' .
Monuments to Modern Skill.
Everywhere are superb. perspectives un
ceasingly' raised, all the people In- the
•world haying- co-operated in the common
work and to it brought their skill, .their
taste and their typical architecture. It
Is the entire world in summary. It is also
the resume of the history of an age of
civilization.
All the years of the closing century, all
the countries of the world, have adorned
these palaces and filled them with the
most perfect productions of their arts and
sciences, of the innumerable branches of
human activity.- And from all parts of
the world gather the multitudes who-peo
ple this glorious city.
Though It will vanish like abeautlful
dream at the end of six months, the expo
sition of 1900 will be the consecration of a
date in the Industrial history of the world.
The exposition of 1900 is the fifth of the
series of grand expositions that have been
held In the "city of great devices." The
first was in'lBss. the next in 1867, the* third
in IS7B and the fourth, commemorating the
centenary of French Independence, in 18S9.
The Idea ;of;; of ; a -grand exposition for the
closing' year of the century was mooted
soon after the close of: the exposition of
CONFUSION MARKS OPENING OF PARIS EXPOSITION
THE SA2r FBAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.
5
PRINCIPAL ATTRACTIONS
and diversified styles of these structures
will present an unrivaled panoramic view
to the occupants of the Presidential barge
on the voyage up the Seine from the Tro
cadero to the Alexander bridge.
M. Loubet has decided to celebrate the
inauguration by pardoning all army and
navy prisoners .who are undergoing sen
tence for minor offenses. All sailors and
soldiers are to receive a special ratlpn or
wine to-morrow.
A list of about fifty decorations of the
Legion of Honor, conferred upon French
exposition officials, has been promulgated.
M. Alfred Picard. the commissioner gen
eral, heads the list with the grand cross.A Boston man who is traveling in Porto Rico says
the natives are doing, their best to Americanize their
language and their customs. They have "wiski" and
"coctail" and "ron" on their lists of alcoholic drinks.
The last word means "rum," and the stuff they call
by that name is sold for 10 cents a quart. The island
i«s evidently worth a visit.
The efforts to get up something like excitement
over the choice of candidates for the Vice Presidency
of the ttvo parties have failed utterly. The people
appear willing to leave the matter to the politicians.
So long as the popular voice names the head of the
ticket no one cares much who names the tail.
The defect in the Dewey Presidential boom is that
he waited too long. Had he been as slow in war as
in politics he never would have made enough of a
reputation to be mentioned as a Presidential, possi
bility.
FOR HEALTH SAKE.
ACCORDING to the report of a correspondent
of the Boston Globe a good many Germans
have come to the conclusion that South Africa
is this year the most attractive health resort on the
face of the earth. The correspondent is himself on
the way to the seat of war, having taken passage upon
a German steamer. In a letter dated "Off Lisbon,
March 20," he says: "On this German boat going to
South Africa we have about 400, almost all men. It
is a most unique crowd. Three German Barons are
in the steerage, with many students bearing the scars
of duels, and military looking men who sign them
selves as 'mechanics. 1 These latter have mustaches as
fierce and bristling as Kaiser Wilhelm's. Most of
our shipfolks are going to South Africa solely 'for
their health.' There are about fifty Red Cross nurses
and doctors on board. Then we have many Outland
ers returning to the Transvaal with passports from
their respective countries. They are all strongly pro-
Boer."
It is significant that^the Outlanders of other nation
alities have none of the complaints to make of which
the British Outlander population has been so profuse.
Thus the correspondent quotes his fellow passengers
of that kind as saying: "Wages in the Transvaal un
der President Kruger's administration were $5 to 6 a
day, as against $2 50 to $3 under British rule in Kim
berley. This low rate in Kimberley was owing to
the De Beers .monopoly. At Kimberley the men had
to buy from the company everything they needeo.
This is called the compound system. They were also
forced to board in the company's boarding-houses.
In the Transvaal they bought where they liked and
boarded where they liked. Board at the Rand was
$30 per month when men were earning $125 to $150
per month."
It is doubtless true that many of these "health-
J. O'Brien & Co.
SPECIAL
ATTRACTIONS
FOR THIS DAY.
Ladies' Applique Suits, tailor-made, value (frff tA
for $12.50, will be offered at O I.OU
Ladies' Applique-Suits, tailor-made, in
black anJ blue, -value for $25.00, <rt-| rv CTA
will be offered at tDI • .OU
Ladies' Tan Jackets, tailor-made, value <£lyf CA
for $10.00, will be offered at tJ)*»<JvJ
Ladies' Fancy Striped Silk Waists, value (ft A We
. for $6. 50/ will be offered at 3>TI. I 0
Ladies' 2-, Clasp Kid Gloves, value for <J>f -I ff
$1.75, will be offered at Pair OLIO
Ladies'" Fancy Petticoats, all new de- (Til W k/\
signs, value for $25, offered at 3)X • »0U
Ladies' Shirt Waists, value for $1.50, will *7K n
be offered at 1 00
Misses' Capes at. .$2.50, $3.00, 53.50, $4.00, 54.50 and $5 00
These Capes are the latent styles and colorings.
Ladies' Colored Moreen Skirts, vaiue for PA.
$1.00, will be placed on sale at OUC
100 Silver G r ay Suits, special purchase, <P"J AAA
good value for $12. 50, wi1l be sold at
500 Crash Skirls will be offered at 50c
Our entire stock of Feather Boas will be
offered. at reduced prices.
AH goods guaranteed for fit and wear.
We are strictly a one-price house.
1146 MARKET ST.
AN AUTOMOBILE PROJECT.
SOME years ago the promoters 01 the "good
roads" agitation brought forward rhe project
of constructing a broad highway across the
continent, from the Atlantic to the Pacific. The sug
gestion was so favorably received that a United States
Commission, with General Miles as chairman, was ap
pointed to investigate its feasibility and report upon
it. No official report has yet been made, but the
General is quoted as having stated to the Automobile
Club of New York that the highway would be com
pleted within five years.
There is doubtless some error in the report, for
General Miles could not have promised the comple
tion of the road in that time. His commission, in
fact, may account itself lucky if within that number
of years it obtain an appropriation for beginning the
work. The significance of the report lies in the reve
lation it makes of the warm interest the General takes
in the project and his sanguine assurance of, its prac
ticability and its usefulness. (
The automobile, like the bicycle, has roused a
strong body of progressive men to take part, in the
efforts to improve our highways. To the automobile,
in fact, a good road is even more imperative than to
the wheel, for it can make no satisfactory progress at
all over bad roads. Consequently those interested in
the new vehicle have taken up the agitation for im
proved highways and are carrying it forward upon a
larger scale than the bicycle men dreamed of. They
seek not only a highway across the continent from
east to west, but one north to south, from Maine
to Florida, andihave begun a campaign of education
on the subject. ;*" • '
According to the reports that come to us the plans
of -the club are. that one-third of the cost of construct
ing the highways shall be paid by. the National Gov
ernrnent, one-third by the States through which they
pass, and the remaining third by cities, towns and
counties lying along them. The >plan is not so ex
travagant as appears at first thought. It is not like
projecting a highway three thousand miles through
a wild country. Along considerable stretches of the
proposed route' fairly good roads are in existence and
comparatively little work would be needed to put
them in the required condition. The division of the
cost would, moreover, make the -burden 1 light along
the whole line. The benefits. to be derived by the
communities through which" the highways pass would
be great, and it , is therefore likely that when once
fairly launched the enterprise would be cordially, taken
no from one side the continent to the other
One of the most remarkable disappearances of the
time is that of Lord Kitchener. A little while ago he
seemed übiquitous, but now he cannot be found even
in the dispatches.
seeking" young Germans are going to war merely for
the sake of adventure, but most of them represent the
earnest sympathy of the German people for the Boers
in their sturdy fight against British aggression. Theirs
is the spirit that animated Baron yon Steuben and his
compatriots, who came to this country during the
War of the Revolution to fight for American inde
pendence. They will into battle with an ardor
hardly less strong than that of the Boers themselves.
The health they are going to seek in South Africa is
evidently not the health of the British.
Ladles take Dr. Slegerfs Angostura Bitters
generally when they feel low spirited. It
bris btitnfl them us Immediately. :
Suicide of John W. Fincke.
John William Fincke, who resided with
his family at 834V4 Vallejo street, com-
mitted suicide yesterday morning by swal-
lowing carbolic acid. He had been af-
flicted -with consumption for three years
and had been very despondent recently
The remains were taken to the Morgue
and an inquest will be held. He was a
native of Germany, 45 years old.
Nothing's so nice in a nice home as
nicely framed pictures, and they need not
be expensively framed, either. Bring your
fiictures to us and get our prices on fram-
ng them for you. Sanborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and publio men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mom-
eomery street. Telephone Main 1042. '
Chocolate cream eggs. Townsend's. •
Hand-painted solid soft cream eggs for
Easter at Townsend's. . •
¦ ? ¦
Solid cream Easter eggs. Townsend's.*
::.;v;;\. ¦ ? ¦
California Glace Fruits, 50c Ib.; In fire
etched boxes. Townsend's, 639 Market st.»
Italian-American Bank Election.
The stockholders of the Italian-Ameri
can Bank held their first annual meeting
Thursday at the office of the bank. The
following -officers and directors were re
elected: President, A. Sbarboro; vice
president, Henry J. Crocker; cashier and
secretary, A. -E. Sbarboro; attorney, D.
Freidenrich; and in "addition to the first
two named gentlemen, P. C. Rossi, A.
Merle, Dr. P. de Vecchi. C. A. Malm,
Thomas J. Welsh, P. Barblerl and M. J.
Fontana as directors.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, April 13.— Warren
Gregory ot San Francisco is at the Ra
leigh. N. R. Pendrio of Ventura is at
the St. James.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Attorney W. W.
Foote sailed for Europe on Tuesday. Jules
Gamage of San Francisco is at the Wal
dorf-Astoria, en route to Europe.
In addition to wearing the shamrock and having
the Duke of York's baby named Patrick, Queen Vic
toria has decided to create a corps of Irish guards
similar to the Coldstream and Scots guards, and as
the officers of the corps will of course have high rank
in society, it is evident her Majesty intends to be so
cial with the Irish hereafter, and we may yet hear of
her trying to dance a jig.
RUSSIAN DIPLOMACY.
WHILE reports continue to come in of Russian
aggressions all along the lines of her wide em
pire, from Asia Minor to Korea, her diploma
tists b!ar.d!y but emphatically deny the commission
of such aggressions or the existence of any desire on
the part of the Russian Government to commit them.
The rumors of efforts made to obtain domination in
Korea have been, it seem*, especially painful to Rus
sian sensibilities, and Count Cassini, the Czar's Em
bassador at Washington, has recently informed the
correspondent of the New York Herald that his
"communications directly from Tokio, respecting the
feeling in Japan, are entirely at variance with those
published in the press reports. Russia is scrupulously
observing the terms of the agreement made with the
Japanese Government in relation to Korea, and has
no intention of precipitating war."
Where there is so much smoke there is bound to
be some fire. Few people will believe, even upon the
word of a Russian Embassador, that the multitude of
reports of Russian military movements in Korea
formed of themselves in the air without any why or
wherefore. Some reason must be assigned for them,
and accordingly it has been suggested that all of
these rumors "have been invented by persons friendly
to the British and circulated by them for the purpose
01 distracting attention from South Africa."
The suggestion is ingenious, but it hardly accounts
for all the facts in the case. The claims made upon
Turkey . for railway concessions, the loan made to
Persia upon terms that give Russia a virtual domina
tion in that country, are matters about which there
can be no dispute, for such demands and actions
could not be concealed. Aggression in one quarter
L. pretty good evidence of a willingness to commit
aggression elsewhere if it could be done with safety,
and accordingly it will take something more than
Count Cassini's communications, from Tokio to con
vince the world that Russia is scrupulously observing
her agreement with Japan concerning Korea and has
no intention to violate it.
In the meantime the Czar's peace party seems to
have fallen into obscurity at St. Petersburg and the
war parry is dominant. Thus the Sviet, the organ of
the ''Forward" party, as they call themselves, is
quoted as having recently said: "The settling of Eng
lish subjects in Beloochistan and Southern Persia
only serves as an indication of the supreme shame
lcsfness of the English nation, which desires to ap
propriate everything to itself. . . . The territory
south of Russia, right down to the Persian Gulf and
the Indian Ocean, between the longitude of Batoum
and Samarkand, is a sphere of influence indubitably
Russian. Neither the English nor the Germans can
in any circumstances be permitted entrance into this
repion. . . . The expulsion of the English who
ire attempting to root themselves in Beloochistan
and Southern Persia is imperative."
So the Russian press cries "Forward," and all re
ports from Asia Minor, Persia and Korea are to the
«iTcct that the cry is finding expression in action.
Diplomacy mcy deny things which all the world can
see. for th2t is a part of the trade, but the denial h
not 'likely" to have much effect. Nations that have any
interests at stake in Syria, Persia, China or Korsa
?re not going to ignore what is doing in Asia for the
sake of watching what is going on in South Africa.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Dr. P. N. Russell of Fresno is at the
Lick.
P. Charlebois, a merchant of Ventura,
is at the Lick.
F. W. Tuttle, an attorney of Auburn, is
at the Occidental.
Major J. R. Houghton, a capitalist of
Chico, is at the Lick.
Dr. E. P. Douglass of New London,
Conn., is at the Grand.
Charles Teague, the well-known Fresno
oil well man, is at the Grand.
Captain George F. Ellis, a mine owner
of Santa Barbara, is at the Lick.
F. R. Coffin, a prominent merchant of
Boise, and his family are at the Occi
dental.
J. G. Follansbee of Chihuahua, Mexico,
manager of Mrs. Hearst's ranches In Mex
ico, is at the Palace.
Major F. L. Payson, an army paymas
ter, who has just returneO from Manila,
is at the Occidental with his wife.
Cecil Brown, a capitalist of Honolulu,
and his wife are at the Occidental, hav
ing just returned from a trip to Wash
ington and the East. They are homeward
bound.
Thomas Hill, the well-known artist, has
returned to his stuuio at Wawona. near
the Yosemite Valley. The mountain air
seems to have. restored his failing health
and he bids fair to complete some of the
best works of his life.
Fred Hellman, the mining engineer, has
returned from South Africa to his home
in this city. He left a lucrative position
in the mines there at the outbreak of the
war, but expects to return when the Boer
troubles are settled and the mines again
open. Mrs. Hellman came home with her
husband.
Lientenant Daniel Van Voorhls of the
Third Cavalry, a son of the Ohio Con
gressman of that name, is at the Palace
waiting to sail for Manila. He previously
served in the Philippines as a captain of
volunteers, but returned home a few
months ago to take his examination for
a commission in the regular army.
Mrs. Lawton, the widow of the late Gen
eral Lawton, is in the city, the guest of
General Shafter. She is stopping on her
way East to attend to some business af
fairs, which will keep her in the city for
a few days. ' She is greatly worried by
cranks who write to her offering to help
her spend the money recently given hef,
and suggesting gilt-edged investments.
She is in good health.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NOT A PREMIUM COIN— C. "W. C.
City. A dime of 1553 does not command
a premium.
ONE OF IS93— Subscriber. San Jose. A
dime of 1593 with the letter S upon It does
not command a premium.
THE NIGHT WATCH— M. H. T..
Marysville. Cal. The painting known as
"The Night Watch" is by Rembrandt.
MARRIAGE IN CALIFORNIA— A. S.,
Salem, Or. The law in California which
prohibits a divorcee from marrying again
in the State within one year — not six
"months— was passed February 23, ISO 7.
ASSESSMENT-J. C. City. If a man
owns property on California street, and
when he goes to the Tax Collector's ofllce
to pay Is presented with a tax bill for
property in his name on Franklin street
Jn addition to that on California street,
and the same does not- belong to him. he
is not required to pay the taxes for the
Franklin-street property. The Tax Col
lector would not be justified In refusin?
to receive the taxes for the California
street property because the party declined
to pay the taxes on the Franklin-street
property.
SITE FOR THE CAPITOL— O. 8. M..
City. The site for the Capitol at "Wash
ington. D. C, was chosen by Washington
on a hill ninety feet above tide water,
which in 1663 was known as Room Hill,
subsequently known as Rome, and owned
by a man named Pope. The original own
ers of the soil on which the city of Wash
ington was built and from whom It was
purchased were David Burns, N. Youn^
and Daniel Carroll. The name of Beale
does not figure in the sale of property
for the site of the Capitol. The name of
the late General Beale's father was not
Samuel, but Edward F.
RACING REVENUES IN NEW YORK.
AUGUST BELMONT, Edwin D. Morgan and
John Sandford, State Racing Commissioners
of New York, have just submitted to the Leg
islature a report making a very interesting showing of
the extent to which racing is carried on in that State
and the revenues which it yields.
The State imposes a tax of 5 per cent upon the gross
receipts of racing associations for the benefit of agri
cultural societies, and the report says: "In the five
years over which the term of the commission extends
there has been paid in to -the State Controller for dis
tribution among the agricultural societies the sum of
$3H»i39 04- A review of this tax by years will illus
trate the progress of racing in this State. In 1895 the
tax was $25,220 74. This was* the first year of the new
order. The racing, associations were somewhat
doubtful of its practicability, and the public had to be
educated to see that this new order did not destroy
racing, but simply transferred it to a surer basis. . Six
associations held licenses that year. In 1896 the tax
was $50,608 10, and in that year only five associations
held meetings. A license had been issued to the Sara
toga Association, but because of local reasons it did
not take advantage of it, although it has conducted
meetings annually since. In 1897 the tax was
$64,034 64, and in 1898 it was $80,483 85, and in 1899
it was $90,791 71, making a grand total of $311,139 04.
This represents aggregate gross receipts of $6,222,
780 80, or an average, annual total gross receipt of
$1,244,556 16."
The Commissioners say: "It would be vain to hope
for any such increase in ratio of receipts for the suc
ceeding five years, but there is every reason to expect
the present popular interest in the sport will continue
to such an extent at least as will make the revenues of
1899 not an extravagant standard."
These revenues, it is to be borne in mind, are drawn
from legitimate racing, and do not include the
amounts of illegitimate profits and winnings made by
track gamblers, who carry on racing solely for the
purpose of gambling. The public can therefore form
some conception of the immense drain which track
gamblers make upon the income of a community.
For the expenses of legitimate racing the community
derives a compensating benefit in the improvement
of horses and the encouragement of breeding good
stock, but from the illegitimate racing there is de
rived nothing but ruin, crime and suicide.
In stating the effects of legitimate racing in pro
ducing enlarged and more profitable markets for the
breeders and wider opportunities for the owners of
good horses, the report says: "In 1895 and in 1596,
which might be termed the experimental years of the
new order, there was little profit, but there was suffi
cient to maintain the breeder. Once racing was es
tablished beyond peradventure there were new pur
chasers in the field, the racing associations were en
abled to offer larger premiums, and horses began to
command a price commensurate with their earning
capacity. The gross total of premiums which went to
the successful horses have increased in proportion to
the increase of public patronage, until in this State
last year the large sum of $1,100,000 was so distributed.
This is an increase in round figures over 1898 of about
$125,000, and approximately over 1897 of $300,000.
Some idea of the growth of the spo*t which makes
such a condition possible may be found in the fact that
in 1895, the first year of operation under the Racing
Code, the total gross receipts of all the associations
holding licenses from the commission amounted in all
to only $504,414 50." (
We do not hear much in these days of the scheme
for annexing Cuba, but as a number of American cap
italists have undertaken to erect a grand tourist hotel
in Havana it will probably come out strong in due
time.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, -APIUL . .14, 1900.
THE MONGOLIAN INVASION.
DURING the thirty-four months that Colonel
John P. Jackson has been Collector of the
Port there have been admitted to this city over
ten thousand Chinese, and a very large percentage of
them has been admitted as natives of the United
States — that is to say. they have been admitted, not to
the country only, but to citizenship. That is a record
whose facts and figures in detail were published in The
Call yesterday, and its significance is doubtless, clear
to the mind of every intelligent reader.
Bad as the showing is upon its face, it appears even
worse upon investigation, for an examination into the
record discloses the fact that the rate of Mongolian
invasion is an increasing one, and that if something
be not done to check the stream the numbers to be
admitted in future will far surpass those of the past.
During the last two years of the collectorship of John
H. Wise, from June, 1895, to the end of Ma)', 1897,
the number of Chinese who applied for admission at
the port was 3792, of whom 3590 were admitted.
During the first two years of Jackson's term 7380
Chinese arrived here, and 7122 of them obtained en
trance. Within the seven months from June to the
end of December, 1899, there were admitted 2750
Chinese, and it is clear from that rate that the total
admissions for the year will be as high, if not higher,
than those of the preceding ones. Indeed it is known
that every steamer brings them in. The China has
just left forty-nine Chinese as natives of this country,
and the Doric has just arrived with forty-one more.
• In this new immigration of Chinese there is an evil
which is worse than the old. for in times past the
Chinese came in admittedly* as aliens, but now they
are coming in large numbers under the claim of
being natives. The Mongolian native of the United
States is a citizen and has all the privileges of citizen
ship. He is entitled to a vote, and in elections in late
years quite a number of them have exercised the right.
Astute leaders of their race have perceived the ad
vantage the, bdlot gives, and it is not to be doubted
that ere long they will organize clubs of voters,
whose ballots will be offered to the highest bidder. We
shall then have rivalry among unscrupulous politi
cians for the Chinese vote, and the blight which will
inevitably affect our political system will be felt in
every election that takes place.
For the evils which are impending there must be a
remedy. It is evident the exclusion act cannot en
force itself, and that in the hands of unfaithful
officials it is nothing more than a means by which they
can levy tribute upon the incoming Chinese. The
clique of attorneys who are now co-operating with
the certain Chinese to make an open door for Mon
golian immigration at this port are the personal, so
cial and political friends of the Collector of the Port.
Their close association with him and the readiness
with which he admits the Chinese cloud his adminis
tration with suspicion, and incline to the belief that
he is more careful of friendship than of the law, more
zealous to promote the financial interests of the clique
than the welfare of the State.
Hardly had the exclusion act gone into effect be
fore the ease with which it could be made use of by
corrupt officials was disclosed. Chinese began to
find admission into the country all along the northern
border, from Puget Sound to New England. Again
and again scandals arising from abuses of the act
were exploited in the East. It was believed, however,
that the evil there was due solely to a lack of reso
lute public opinion in support of the law, and thers
was a general faith that there would be more efficiency
here, where the people are as one mind on the issue,
and understand the importance of upholding the law
in spirit and in letter for the protection of American
labor, American citizenship and American morals.
The disclosures now made show that faith to have
been ill founded. The very moment public attention
was turned away from the Chinese question the wily
Mongolians renewed their efforts to find admission,
and how successful they have been the record shows.
It is now imperative to arouse again the minds of the
people upon the issue, and revive that determined
resolution which in the past brought about the enact
ment of the exclusion law and for a time seemed to
have assured the country against coolie invasion.
In the present issue it is to be borne in mind that
the question now is not that of enacting a law, but of
enforcing one already enacted. It is not a question of
measures, but a question of men. If the officials of
the port will do their whole duty with no other thought
than that of upholding the act for the protection of the
country, there need be no other law than the one now
on the statute-books. The rapid immigration of Chi
nese under one pretense or another, and particularly
Jhe admission of so-called natives, is carried on only
because the practice is as profitable as it is ne
farious. Public indignation has checked Chinese im
migration in the past and can dp so again. Let its
full force be exerted now. A
READING UP..
@%c •*%s££&>* OTaIL.
SATURDAY APRIL 14, 1900
JOHN D. SPRECKELS Proprietor.
_ - - - - -i_r_-i,i-_^_i-i_i^_-_r,n_ 1 n_-,i-_i-_-^-^.-.-r-ij-».----r-n_i'i-' J i» i«~m~ 1
£<!dress All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
Fl m.ICATIOS OFFICE.. Market and Tbtr*. •. »•
Telephone Main ISGS.
EOITOQIAL 1100M5....71T to 221 BteTea«o» St.
Telephone Main IS7-JL
Delivered *»r Carrier*. 15 Cent« Per Week.
Stnarle Copies. S Cent*.
Terms by Stall. Including Poatarei
t>AIt.T CALL oneludlr^ Sunday), on* year $8.00
PAJLT CALL. 'Including Sunday). « month* *•<*>
I-iAII.T CALL. (Including Sunday). 3 months 1-B0
IJAILT CALL — By Single Month 650
ECKOAY CALL One Tear * M
\vr.r.KLT CALL Oje Tear 10 ° ,
All poifinaiter* are nntboriied to receive
¦ abacrtpttons).
Eacspl* copies will be forwarded when iwiueatad.
OAKLA3D OFFICE 111S Broadway,
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, t/fcrquotto Building, Chicago*
NSW TORS CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTCN . Herald Squar*
JfEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune B*fid«ng
CHICAGO XfcWS STANTJ6:
Ebenaavn Hoosa; P. O. News Co.: Grwu Nuitbtia Hotel)
Fremont Boot; Auditorium Hotel.
. NEW TORK NEWS BTAXDB:
TTafctorf-Astoria. Betel; A. Brentano. 81 Cfaiwa SqoareJ ,
Unrray UUI HoteL _______ i
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hot*!
MORTON L CRANE. Correspondent
DRAXCH OFFICES— 557 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
end 9:30 o'clock. 300 II ayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 039
McAllister, open until 9:20 o'clock, 615 Larkln. open until
6:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, comer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090
Valencia, open until I o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open nntll
0 o'clock. NW. ccroer Twenty-second and Kentucky,
open until 9 o'clock.
AM.USE3IEKTS.
Orj;heuin — Vatjflevllle.
Alcazar — "Quo Vadls."
Grand Opera-house — "JamM Wobberts. X. 8. 8.. Boston."
California — "A Bachelor's Romance."
Cal'.fomla.— Petechndltoff and H&mbourg, Monday afternoon.
April It
Columbia— Wtsts's Minstrels.
Tlvoli— "The Bchemlxn Girl."
Fischer's Concert House— "Carallerla Rustlcana,"
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville e\-ery afternoon and
•renlnc.
Ovr.;;.a. cornw of Mason and Eddy streets — Specialties.
Recreation Park — Baseball.
Central Park— Gentry's Trained Animal Show, Saturday,
April J«. *
El Campo— Dasclnc. bowliivc. Cnhlcg. etc.. erery Sunday.
Western Turf As»oclat!on — Ra.ce* to-day.
6FUR COATS AND ItOUES FOR CAPE NOME
ALBERT HOEFLICH. lit Grant aye.
TENTS AND - OVERS.
Nr.VII.LJS £, CO.. marufarturers. buss. Mnta.
•over*. U and U California st.
PKINTINJ.
F- C- HUGHES. Sll.Bansome St.. 3. F.
GASOLINE F:**.G'NE'.
lIEnctXKS GAP EKOX9TB "A'OKICS Is fllllng
many ordrrs for Nome. 141-H3 First 6t..* S. F.
F. IT. I>ELL, Centra! Platlnr Works, til Mls-
sicn st.. H. F. Phone Je?«le Ml.
POCKTZWS.
RPfrp^C nt-'a-Hula rtockw: Ontrtfnr-ii
nu4L ¦•' Sand Pump*; Machinery. PARKE
* LAtT CO.. ?1 rremont »t.
The Ohio Society.
At the meeting of the Ohio Society of
California last Wednesday night the com
mittee that is arranging for the partici
pation of Ohioans in the ceremonies on
the occasion of the launching* of the bat
tleship Ohio at the Union Iron Works -a
few months hence reported that there Is
every prospect of a very large attendance
of natives of the Buckeye State. Nor
man R. Arter, George A. Cohen and Dr
C. C. Wadsworth were appointed a com
mittee to ascertain where the society
could obtain permanent headquarters in
a central part of the city. '
Findings iN the Corona Case.
United States Court Commissioner
George E. Morse, to whom was referred
the taking of testimony with reference to
the limitation of liability In the matter of
the wreck of the steamer Corona last
year, tiled his report yesterday. His find
ings are that the vessel was worth $9500,
and that the value of freight and passage
money pending was $11,637 47, making a
total of $21,137 47.
The Season Opened.
iJast Sunday the favorite bay retreat El
Campo v.as visited by thousands. The
Uklah carried a big load every trip and
the hills were thronged with pleasure-
The steamer Is scheduled for four round
trips every Sunday, leaving the ferry at
10:30 a. m. and 1 and 4 p. m. Every requi
site Is provided for the comfort and con
venience of guests.
'f-r ' "I -^ti-Vn^om Dia*a»e» Failing Mam>
S3 s d or7> Slaopleaanaaa, «tc., cat-md by orsr.
:** JS\ work and Indiscretion*. They quirk tj
X «aQSA atui twlp reatora Lew; Vitality ia olj
) \ """/ or jouag. and nt a man f cr study, b-ut-
b/vP'V-*^. ne** or pleaaaro. Prevent Insanity ani
rsii>f*s££- Consumption it taken In time. Th«ir
Dwihowi immediate improvement and ei!.«aCUitß
where all others fail. Insist sponhansg the eeaalno
Ajax Tablets. They ha»« cured thousands and will
rare too. We civs a positive written enarmntee to ef-
fect a care in oach ease or refund the money. Prlo*
DUblSt men*.) for $3.50 by raail, ia plain wxßpfar.
opon r*c-ipt of pries. Circular* t re*.
AJAX REMEDY CO.. 70 <£g£™S?~
For aale In S. 7. by Lelpnlts & Co.. .Nj Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co.. B. T.. O&kl'd.
P*ft CHICHESTER'3 ENGLISH
pEHNVRQYAI PSLLS
B _ — OH«ta«l and Only Ceaslne.
AJi &*aL •» CUICIIiISTEK 1 * KNGUSII
Vv — -^fc-JTJth am. rib&on. Take no other. Bcfn««
Tn *£* *VJ I>*«tccroM *uN«tltndon« Bad lmlU>
I / , ffl tl<m«. Bay »f yoar :>n<<i,i. or trad 4«. In
I Jr. ift «»»¦" |»r Partlealan. TmtlmonlaU
\V fp »*"* " Relief for La4lea."<»<«(-«r, t>7 re.
—A. A turn M»IL 1 O,O<m> r«i:n>a!w. Sol.lir
„> f -aDni-lra. <hl*hr«t<T« Seml-i»l«\»,
atestioa t£l» p»ytr. M»dl*an « 4U ,rc 1M11L.*... FA.
SA>D CENTRIFLGAL PUMPS
Jn OT»n»tl-.n Dally. «5 S'rtb Street
BYRON JACKSON.
CAPE NOME ENGINES.
"FOUR more of those small, light-weight Nome
•nf-lni-a have arrived from Hast: call soon.
Rix Ensrlneericir and Supply Co., £13. Howard.
D:. EDGING PIMPS.
Of!. Gavclln*. fiteam Holft*. Ontrifucal Pnmo».
F.rr.n«««: Holler*. Henfi>aiach.\Vk»..4O Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L PETERSON. M4A Mission. S. X.: communl-
rat'en* frcm Inventors ctrtctly confidential.
MARSH STEA.M PU.MPS
Ford-* rrwb or «att »r«t«-r lor alulc* boxr*
l-'rh tr icw JlfU. Stmcnd». 13 Market «i.
THE REASON WHY
We please all lies in the. uniform excel-
lence of our laundry work. Spic and
span linen only comes from a place
where everything in done right. There
is no satisfaction in wearing things that
look as though they'd had a brush with
the Boers. Enjoy the comfort and ele-
gance which our laundry work only can
give you.
United States Laundry. Offlo»
1004 Market Streat.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
I/DnrU & Drake Amalgamator*, optrat-
tVltUUn ing dally; I 80-Hp. gaaollne eo-
rlne cheap. 9 Stevenson, 8. F.
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
DESERVES IT.
Remarkable Success of a New Treat-
ment for Piles.
For rr.any years it has been supposed
that the only absolutely sure cure for piles
was by surgical operation, but the danger
to life ar.d the pain and expense has been
to great that many thousands suffer for
years rather than submit to this last re-
sort; or they seek the temporary relief In
the many remedies claimed to relieve piles
and rectal troubles, salves, ointments and
similar simple remedies which give only
slight and very temporary relief.
A new preparation which Is painless and
harmless, but which affords Immediate re-
lief and in many cases a complete cure in
a very short time. Is sold by druggists
under the name of Pyramid Pile Cure.
It is in suppository form used at night
and Its regular use has cured thousands of
obstinate, long standing cases, and it
er-cms to be equally effective in all the va-
rious forms of piles, whether Itching,
bU-edir.K or protruding.
The Pyramid Pile Cure allays the ln-
f.ammatinn and intolerable Itching, re-
duoes the tumors, and its astringent prop-
erties cause the enlarged blood vessels to
contract to a normal, healthy condition.
A Baltimore gentleman relates his expe-
rience with the Pyramid Pile Cure in these
words:
"It afford? me unusual pleasure to add
my endorsement to those of others rela-
tive to your really wonderful pile remedy.
I ¦"-•££ a sufferer for years until told by a
feliow salesman of the Pyramid Pile Cure.
It has entirely cured me and I cheerfully
F«?nd this for publication if you wish to
u-e it in that direction. I wish you would
Ff-nd me one of your little books on cause
end cure of piles. I desire to show It to
come friends."
Ar.y pile sufferer may use the Pyramid
¦with certainty that it ¦*vill give instant re-
lief and regular use a permanent cure and
the Etiil further certainty that it contains
no cocaine, morphine or metallic or min-
eral poison.
All druggists sell Pyramid Pile Cure. 50
cnts for full sized treatment.
REMEMBER I TH
REMEMBER FIRST
REMEMBER | SATURDAY
MATINEa THIS AFTERNOON.
CONTINUED SUCCESS OF
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND HIS SUPERB ORGANIZATION
Presenting Sol Smith Russell's Delightful
Comedy,
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE.
NOTE.— Owing to the tremendous success of
this production, Mr. Nelll has decided to con-
tinue the play for one more week.
SEATS NOW OX SALE.
mlssioner refused to land them. As the
sl-.in was liable for a heavy penalty if any
of them got ashore. Captain Carey lock
ed the men up in a safe place. Once a
day they were taken out for an airing,
and yesterday Tlngley seized the chance
to escape. He got over the bow and was
working his way to the wharf over the
hawser, when Chief Officer Chrisp espied
him. The latter sprinted out through the
gate and was waiting to receive Tlngley
when the latter got oft the hawser. Ting
ley was marched back to his place of con
finement and will get no more fresh air
until the Moana is out at sea.
Sealers Have a Scrap.
Max W'einer and Captain Hoffman of
the sealing schooner Penelope had a lively
set-to in Levy's clothing store yesterday.
Max has several marks of the affray on
his person, but Hoffman has a pair of
black eyes and a split cheek that will
keep the remembrance of Weiner's right
in his memory for some time to come. It
appears that Captain Hoffman owed Levy
a bill and when his vessel arrived he sent
the money to pay it up to the store by
one of his sailors, so he claims. The
money never reached Levy, and as Max
W'einer was the responsible man in the
matter he applied to the captain for the
cash as soon as he set foot in the store.
"Water Front Notes.
Charles McCoy, a fireman on the trans
port Mission, fell down the stairs at IS
East street yesterday morning and broke
his left leg. He was attended to at the
Harbor Hospital.
The revenue cutter Bear will get away
for the Arctic next week. She has secured
a full crew at advanced wages and will go
to Sausalito Monday to complete fitting
out. About Wednesday she will get away
for Nome. . _.
The bark Alaska sails to-day and the
steam whalers Thrasher and Jeanle will
get away for the gold fields next Satur
day. The Jeanie goes via Seattle, while
the Thrasher goes direct to Nome.
The transport Lawton. ex-Badger, has
gone to the Union Iron Works to be fitted
out for the carrying of troops and freight
to Alaska and the Philippines.
The British ship Lord Templeton arrived
from Newcastle. England, yesterday. She
is now owned in San Francisco. t,ichen &
Minor being the managers. She will go
into the coasting trade.
Hind. Rolph & Co. of this city have
purchased the ship Emily Reed for $40,000
and will put her into the sugar trade.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PLAN TO CHANGE
TRANSPORTS TO
NAVAL HANDS
Bill in Congress Providing
for the Transfer of
the Ships.
The bill introduced by Congressman
Levy providing for the transfer of the
transport service from the 'control of the
army to that of the navy has caused con
siderable discussion on this coast, where
the heaviest part of the transport work la
done. The general opinion among army
officers seems to be that the change would
not better the service and that*lt would
in some cases do it injury. The system Is
nearing completion and It is considered an
injustice to attempt to take it away from
these who have brought it to its present
efficiency.
There are several points in relation to
the transport service that will receive the
attention of this Congress and among
them is the proposition to make of the
transports a separate bureau.
The transport service of this country
has drawn the favorable notice of foreign
countries and Colonel Long, the officer in
charge of the service on this coast, has
been in receipt of letters and telegrams
from officers of the English. French. Ger
man, Russian and Japanese armies In
quiring into the system employed in the
transport service here and requesting In
formation on various points.
It is claimed by the officers of the United
States transport service that the business
is handled on, the same lines as a private
concern — than which system, they remark,
there is nothing cheaper or more efficient
in the way of handling steamers.
So far as the organization of the ser
vice goes it is claimed that the introduc
tion of a naval officer in command would
not change the reiations between the
troop commander on board and the mas
ter of the vessel from what it is now. The
relation of authority would be fixed by
the same regulation that governs it now—
that the master shall have absolute com
mand of the vessel and obey strictly his
sailing orders, and that the commander
of the troops shall have control of the
soldiers aboard and of nothing else. The
quartermaster now has no other duties
than those of a purser and under any
other •system,' it is claimed, he could not
be dispensed with nor could he be given
more or less authority.
And in conclusion it is claimed by the
transport officials that beyond the care
of tjie vessels, which, they say, has al
ways been in the best of hands, the busi
ness of the transport service is to handle
freight and passengers, a matter as for
eign to the navy as it has heretofore been
to the army so far as ocean traffic was
concerned. On this side of the country
over one hundred thousand passengers
and over six hundred thousand tons of
freight have been handled, and it is
claimed that it has been handled as
cheaply and. in fact, cheaper than It could
have been done by a private firm. It is
not believed the Levy bill will pass.
MATINEE TO-DAT (SAT.). April 14.
Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony. 10c; cblld-
ren, 10c, any part.
BOBBY GATLOR; / 1 P nm ofltt
DE FORRESTS: / A bOISCQjf
EMPIRE COMEDT FOUR; / Rill flf
SI STEBBINS: / R1"R 1 " "I
MATTHEWS and HARRIS: / HlKnr-
HARRT COGILL and / uuaul
MAY AKIiEA; / D3SS6II
EARL and SHEPHERD; / - {"•"«""•
CARRIE BEHR. / ElC6lleilC6*
= LAST WKEK O7=a
TO-irORROW— The Famous
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY.
ADVEBTISEBEENTS.
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER FILLS musl
hear signature of /&*~jzg^
Tory small maA. as easy
t» take mm s-offax.
OEC CARTERS FOB DIIZIMESS.
GENUINE f |Vk ERE R ESSES. GENUINE
I DIILS FOR COHSTIPATICH.
WRAPPFR Ji_-J^ * for sallow skih. WPAPPFB
WKAITtK [iiml Iron the complexes "•KAiTJIJ.
. C£NUIMB MU»TKAV»JLpwATUm.
"P>K,IITTEID OIT RED F^JPEI^.*
Ladles' fine kid shoes worth $2 60 for Jl a
p^lr at the Boston Shoe Co.. 775 Market-*
Estates in Probate.
Rebecca A. Dodd has petitioned for the
probate of the will of the late James
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, ¥hh n e ed la&
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Beat Coal In U»»
mark*'. Of fie* and Yards— 4so Mala street.
ENGI'ES, BCILEKS., ETC.
BAKCT A. HAMILTON. Enrlnes «r.d Hotter* ;
irv. r«x -srlces on the coast. Pin* Ik Davia su.
Nothing: injurious In
BronahUsi l Ts u oohes
A great relief for coughs, hoarse-
ness, throat end latjg- troubles.
.. John I. Brown A Son, Boston. -
Salvage Damages Awarded.
United States District Judge <3e Haven
filed two decrees yesterday awarding
James F. McSherry $500 and P. C. Harri
son and Alexander McGee $500 In their
suits against the Alaska Commercial
Company for salvage.
Our Clubs and Clubmen.
On the above subject Mrf Reginald
Schuyler, a fastidious gentleman of fash
lon, contributes a page in to-day's News
Letter. Mr. Schuyfer is a celebrated club
man. and his praise and blame In this ar
ticle are authoritative, to say the least.
PAPER DEALERS.
WII I 4 MFTTP I>UI - i> AND PAPER CO..
WILLAIfiCI 1C to Montgomery it
PORTABLE irouSES.
UTJRN'HAM-STaNIjKFORD CO.. Washington
¦ad l»t »t».. Oakland, or Rullder*' Ex.. 8. F.
FAMILY RESORT-EL CAMPO.
OPEN EVERY SUNDAY.
Forty-five minutes' ride on the bay in that
large, magnificent steamer. Ukiah. . Dancing,
bowline, fishing, boating, plenty of shad«. re-
freshments, etc. Good order will be maintained.
Adults. 85 cents for the round trip. Including
admission to the grounds. Children* between
5 and 12 years of age 15 cents.
Leave Tlburon ferry, foot of Market street.
10:39 a. m.. 1 and 4 p. m. Leave El Campo
H:4S a. m.. 3 »nd 5 p. m.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAiIIAXA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
•treogth, to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
*:<?? NOME BEACH
DIRECT.
BARKENTINE CATHERINE STDDEN SAILS
APRIL 13. 19C0.
For freight rates appl? to tha
NOME BEACH LIGHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COMPANT.
£}fflce: 4 California it.
As neat as a pin and as complete as can
be. Everything for artists' use in our
artists' material department Oil, water-
color. China and poker etching* outfits
complete. Also a complete line of photo-
graphic supplies. Sanborn, Vail &. Co.,
711 Market street. •
PLATES FO3 SAVINO GOLD.
Er^in-tiD « Burring*. 1 Hardl* ulac«. oft
Rcanr-r, between Eutter and Bash street*.
»•¦ j<J7f . *c.^>\*w n Slsr ** w • non-pcn sot:o*i
*yfi*'S^^££>'\ renwdy for (icnorrhceok.
jSj*grGXJßT!*\:ii Oleot, 3p6rmatorrhoe%
/fcf/'« 1«• » *»r»-^ll N'aita*, unnatural li*
&r« ¦/ at»raot«4 iy ch.trges, or any inflamma.
fl4i»y aat to itrUtsre. tion, , irritation or oker*-
p=--V?rsTent« oeutaiioa. tlon ct snaooas niern-
Ka^THEEvtl3 CHEmffU Ca bnatm. Noo-MtriflfeaS.
V3S\c:MtNUTi.o.n^ amaay ornssmvs
*KjfrivV it " . 7*i< or • ent ' n pl»in ¦wraPlWj
JC?WfV H *'" " !>^<*l bj express, prepaid, tat
I-TRRICATirvn Oil Cruc* Oti »n* O*»olln«
ENEIGK * MpGUFFICK. 72 Fp»sr St.. 8. IT.
overcomes the blues, be-
cause It Is the safeguard
of woman's health*
It regulates the entlro
female organism as
nothing else doesm When
the dragging sensation
and the backache go, the
blues wlllgoalsom
Read the letters from
women appearing In this
paper— women who have
tried It and knowm There
are a million such women.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mail ai
on Application.
Who have the
Despondency In women
Is a mental condition
directly traceable to some
distinctly female Him
Well women don't have
the blues, but compara-
tively few people under
stand that the right medi-
cine will drive them away*
DETERMINED SHE
SHALL MARRY HIM
John Charest, a Butcher, Continues
His Persecution of Miss Inez
Lancey.
John Charest. a burly butcher, has for
over a year been making the life of Inez
Lancey, 227 Seventh street, miserable be
cause she refused to marry him. He was
arrested some months ago for threaten
ing to kill her and her aunt, but as he
promised to keep the peace the charge
was not pressed. He kept quiet for a
month or two and then resumed his per
secution. March 19 he was arrested by
Policeman Eskew on complaint of Miss
Lancey for carrying a concealed weapon.
Yesterday Judge Conian fined him $100
with the alternative of 100 days in jail.
He had been released on bail and on April
9 he was arrested on her complaint for
disturbing the peace. On that charge he
appeared before Judge Mogan yesterday
ar.d the hearing was at his request con
tinued until April 20.
HOWARD'S PARTNER
FILES A PETITION
Fruit Merchant Moulton Believes
That He Is Liable for the
Insolvent's Debts.
S. A. Moulton of San Jose filed a petition
in Insolvency yesterday In the United
States District Court. The petition states
that Moulton and E. B. Howard on June
28, 1897, executed a written agreement
whereby they associated themselves !in
the business of drying, packing, buying
and selling fruit. The petition contains
the following statement with reference
to the agreement:
The Moulton end of the company shall be
known as S. A. Moulton & Company, and the
Howard end to be known as Howard & Com
pany, the outsiders not to know who Is the
silent partner at either end. At the time of
the execution of the agreement It was not ih>;
Intention on the part of petitioner to enter Into
a Joint copartnership with E. B. Howard or
with Howard & Company, but it waa the
understanding of petitioner that he, the peti
tioner, waa to be Interested only .to the extent
of the fruit that he himself might buy. But
petitioner Is Informed, and now believes, that
the legal effect of his eaid agreement was to
make him the legal copartner with nald E. B.
Howard, and that he, petitioner, Is legally lia
ble for the debts of Howard & Company and
of S. A. Moulton & Company during the time
he was such copartner.
The debts of the petitioner are stated
to be as follows: Samuel Cooper of Camp
bells, $1250, secured by a mortgage on real
estate; Union Savings Bank, no consid
eration, accommodation note, $10,000; es
tate of Howard & Co., accommodation
note. $2000; ditto. $3000; Union Savings
Bank, loans, $2700; Howard & Co., moneys
drawn from the firm, $555 30; Howard &
Co.. losses, $72,9C9; Union Savings Bank,
losses. $308,393; deficiency judgment, $215 07.
Total liabilities. $401,052 37. There are no
assets. -.w- .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Matinee To-Day and Sunday.
EVERY NIGHT INCLUDING STJNDAT.
THEATER ALWAYS CROWDED.
THE FAD OF THE HOUR.
BEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Claims to Have Been Robbed.
William N. Taylor, an artist who has a
studio at 22 Geary street, says that while
he was walking near the corner of Eddy
and Powell streets yesterday morning at
2 o'clock two men suddenly jumped out of
a hallway and overpowered him. They
robbed him of his watch, pin, ring and a
considerable amount of money and made
their escape. '¦
biiBALJL !
Sacramento
San Francisco
TO-D4 V A T 3 T*. M.
SUN DA V AT2.-3O F*. M.
RECREATION PARK
Eighth and Harrison Streets.
Sons of Vermont Made Merry.
The Sons of Vermont and their lady
friends made merry in Odd Fellows' Hall
last evening. First they had an enter
tainment of a musical and literary sort
in which Robeit Lloyd, J. Casad, Miss
Evelyn Whitney, Professor C. H. SchafT
ner, Mrs. Masteller. F. C. Caldwell and the
Johnson family took part. Then the 'floor
was cleared and they had a dance, such
as they used to have in the land of the
maple tree. Frank Robb and half a dozen
others were the floor committee, and the
reception committees were numerous.
Several hundred people were present and
enjoyed the dance. .
SOCIETY PEOPLE
IN HUMANE WORK
Many Have Recently Joined the Or
ganization for the Protection of
Little Children.
A large number of people influential in
the commercial and social world have re
cently become Interested in humane work.
The efforts of the California Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children have
attracted attention. Its printed report of
la«<t year fell into the hands of many
prominent citizens, who promised to lend
their support. As a result the board of
directors at a meeting on Thursday elect
ed the following well-known people to
membership:
William J. Dutton. William H. Talbot, Cap
tain A. M. Simpson. John Perry Jr.. Mrs.
William F. Herrin. Peter Dean, E. G. Lukens.
Charles F. Mulllns. William J. Landers, Henry
Lund Charltß M. Tates, Andrew Simpson. Wil
liam H. Crocker, Alfred 6. Tubbs, Captain
fharles Nelson.. Warren D. Clark, Homer S.
king, E. B. Pond. Samuel C. Biselow, Hugo
Duveneck. Mrs. Frank C. Zimmerman. Oliver
M Vesper. Horace L. Hill Jr.. Edward B. Cut
ter Ernfst L. Hueter. George H. Foster, John
L. 'Howard. Mrs. W. S. Tevls, Miss May Fried
lander and George R. Lukens.
The report of the secretary for March
showed that sixty-eight complaints were
received, sixty-seven of which were in
vestigated. There were 136 children in
volved and 118 relieved.
We do not use electric belts, in-
jurious drugs or anything else of a
dunrerous nature.
Advice and Consultation Free.
We have been established more than
19 years and have the largest insti-
tution for curing men, and the most
extensive practice in America. We
never experiment.
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN.
"Guide to Marriaee," a valuable lit-
tle book, sent sealed and free. Home
cures a specialty. Letters confiden-
tial.
DR.IEYERS&CO.
731 Market St., S. F.
. HOURS— Daily. 8 to 5: Evenings. 7toS;
Sundays, 9 to 11. Elevator Entrance.
EVERY AFTERNOON AXD EVENING.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT I
GRAND
CAKEWALK CONTEST !
THE FAMOUS BLACK BARTONS of New
York t«.
DAVIS & HEARD of Australia.
And Many Others. After the Vaudavill*.
Order Seats by Phone. Park 23.
f\Gf\lP4 IA/E SA>"t
MATINEE .fJvIS
• pjpi v
Tfl IIAV *
lU"UAIiWm.H.West'sBIG
TONIGHT «,*»• . |
s t/ t Minstrel
H Jnbilee !
SPECIAL PBIGES— 2Sc, 35c, 50c. 75c, SI.
CHUTES and ZOO
ILL LUCK FOLLOWS
CAPTAIN WAINWRIGHT
Restaurant Keeper Has Him Ax
rested, but He Pays Up and the
Case Is Dismissed.
A. F. "Wainwright, an Englishman
and once a well known polo player
at Burlingame, appeared before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of
petty larceny by trick and device.
He went into the Bay State restau
rant a few days ago and partook of an
expensive meal. He tendered a check for
$25 In payment and got the change. N.-M.
Adier, proprietor of the restaurant, pre
sented the check for payment and It was
marked "no funds." He Immediately
swore to a warrant for Wainwright's ar
rest. Wainwright explained that he had
deposited money in the bank repeatedly
and expectod a remittance from England
in tim« to meet the check. He paid Adle*.
the $25 and the Judge dismissed the case.
Wainwright has been playing bad JucK.
since his exodus from fashionable circles
last fall. Up in Nelson, B. C. last No
vember a note for $5 caused the heavy
English swell considerable trouble and he
was sentenced to a term' of three months'
imprisonment.
Previous to his Nelson experience Wain
wright was the manager of the Sai»Mateo
Country Club. Whatever Captain F. Fane
Wainwright said in exclusive Burlingame
circles "went." and he was the authorit>
In all club matters. He told the Blingum
ites how to dress and what to do, and
spent money freely, borrowing and lend
ing with equal generosity.
When word of his British Columbia mis
hap reached .here it caused a great com
motion in swell circles, and since then the
captain's name is never referred to.
Dodd. who died January 21, 1900, at Hono
lulu. The estate consists of real property
In San Francisco and the Hawaiian Isl
ands, the estimated value of which is
?44,000. -¦;•;.
William D. Leahy has petitioned for
letters testamentary on the estate of his
mother. Elizabeth M. Leahy, who died in
this city March 5. 1900, leaving property
valued at $7000. The heirs are the peti
tioner, Madeline B. Leahy, a daughter,
and Frank Leahy, a son on the training
ship Adams.
AMUSEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ANOTHER SUGAR FLEET SENT INTO QUARANTINE.
NEWS FROM THE
OCEAN AND THE
WATER FRONT
Ships Race From Hawaii
Only to Be Quarantined
on Arrival
Three sugar boats arrived from Hono
lulu yesterday and were placed in quar
antine. The brig W. G. Irwin simply ran
rings around the other two vessels, beat
ing the bark Chcrles B. Kenney a week
and the «h!p George Curtis three days
Into port. The Irw^n has been sold to
parties who will put her into the Nome
trade, ar.d she has to be delivered next
Monday. Her crew has been practically
In quarantine ever since the vessel left
port, a* they were *iot allowed ashore at
Honolulu. In consequence the vessel will
probably be released to-day and taken
to the sugar refinery, where her cargo
will be discharged. She will then come
to Pacific-street wharf, where she will be
turned over to Scanr.ell &. King, her new
cwr.ers, who will fit her out for the Nome
trade.
The crew of the George Curtis has also
practically been in quarantine since the
vessel left here. Xot one of the sailors
got ashore at Hawaii, and in consequence
all hands were sore at being put into
C-uarantir.e on arriving hero. The ship
was caught In the gale that damaged ihc
Grade S. put CaptaJn Meyer of the Lady
Mine temporarily on the retired liEt and
probably cost three seal hunters their
lives. Her mizzen topsail and topgallant
yard were carried away and some dam
age was dor.c about the d^cks.
There are row in Q,uaran*in«" at Angel
Island the ship Gco. Curtis, barks Charles
li. Kenney, Martha Davis and Edward.
brig \V. G. Irwin and steamer Blcxnifon
tcin. Nearly a!l of thim will bo released
to-day, and unless another batch arrives
Dr. Kinyoun will have a chance to attend
the Ecjster services in the city. .
Woes of a Stowaway.
Harry Tingtey, one of the three ftow
a*%'.ys who camp to San Francisco on the
Mall steamer Moana. is having a hard
row to hoe. He shipped from iho Sound
on the American ship "Wachusett for
a trip to Melbourne and back. Thi> ves
eel ran into a. storm and was so disabled
that the crew had to be paid off in Aus
tralia. Tlngley and the cook made their
way across the island continent to Syd
ney, N. S. W.. and, their money being all
frohe. stowed away on the Mail boat. On
their arrive! here the Immigration Com-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL. 14, 1900.
„
LITTLE PRUNING
TO BE DONE ON
FIRE ESTIMATES
Auditor Wells Expresses
His Satisfaction Over
. the Prospect.
Auditor Wells is expressing great satis
faction over the fact that the Fire Com
missioners in their estimates have prac
tically held within their actual require
ments. The total amount of the appro
priation asked by the commission was
$740,237. and it is thought by the Auditor
that this will be cut to a' figure slightly*
below $700,000. being In direct contrast to
several other departments, notably the
Board of Public Works, whose estimate
will probably be cut exactly in half.
The principal items which will be re
duced by the Auditor in the Fire Depart
ment estimate are as follows: General
supplies from $28,000 to $15,000, fuel from
$SBoo to $7500. hose $8000 to $6000. hydrants
$26,500 to $20,000, new apparatus $15,500 to
$14,000. The total expenses other than the
foregoing have been cut from $552,600 to
$540,230. In the latter amount are includ
ed: Salaries of the general department
$45,850, engine equipment $366,020, provision
for increase of $10 per month In the sala
ries of employes after serving one year,
hook and ladder companies with 86 men
$91,190; chemical engines. 7 companies. 14
men; water tower $3560. 2 companies, «
men; monitor batteries $2020, 2 companies.
2 men.
In the matter of hose the cut was made
because in cases of emergency the Chief
may order the appropriation of hose from
private firms handling that .commodity.
The department will construct fewer
hydrants than at first intended, and Audi
tor Wells has, suggested that the city op
erate its own foundry to manufacture
them. /
Cures the most aggravated and
chronic cases of lost manhood,
varicocele, private diseases, blood
poison, kidney and bladder dis-
eases, rupture, etc.
OUR BANK DEPOSITGUARANTEE
Patients may deposit the price of
a cure In any San Francisco bank,
to be paid only after they are well,
or may pay in monthly Installments.
No other doctors will make such an
offer. Prices reasonable.
ALL MEDICINES FREE TO PATIENTS!
PHONE MAIN 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY— LAST NIGHT OV
GRAND DOUBLE BILL.
THE BEST NUMBERS OF THB
CALIFORNIA MINSTRELS.
And by popular demand.
Richard Walton Tully*s Screaming Farce,
"James Wobberts, I.S.S. Boston."
TO-MORROW EVENING,
OUR NEW YORK EXTRAVAGANZA COM-
PANY in David Henderson's Up-to-Date Ver-
sion of
AN ARABIAN GIRL
OR. ALI BABA AND THE FORTY THIEVES.
Th« Greatest Extravaganza Production Ever
Given In this City.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good reserved seat in orchestra at all mati-
neee, 23c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
MONDAY, WEDNESDAY AND FRIDAY
AFTERNOONS.
An Event That" Will Live in Musical History.
THE TWO GREAT RUSSIANS IN JOINT
RECITALS.
PETSCHNIKOFF,
The Poet of the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
The Toung Siegfried of the Piano.
AIME LACHAUME,
Distinguished Pianist and Composer.
Reserved Seats, 50c. $1. 1 60, 12. now on sale.
MATINEE TODAY AT 2.
Last Times. To-night and To-morrow,
Balfes Beautttut Ballad Opera.
Ti BOHEMIAN GE
SPECIAL!!— NEXT WEEK— SPECIAL! t
Frank Daniels' Great Comic Opera.
"THE WIZARDOF THE NILE"
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
Telephone, Bush 9.
WESTERiN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
SIXTH MEETING. April 9 to 20. Inclusive.
Six high-clasa running races every week day.
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-Inclcsed. where.
comfortably housed In bad weather, tney can
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townaend streets at
10:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. and 12:15. 12:35. 12:50
and 1:25 p. m.. returning Immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats in rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No amok-
Ing. Valeccia street. 10 minutes later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Artiv* at San
Bruno at 12:43 p. m. Leave San Bruno at 4:00
and 4:45 p. m.
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. $1.25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
V W nuiTKV. s"*or*>tJ»rv »n<" Manarer.
JL v CONCERT HOUSE
122't24 O'FARKELL ST.
E. A. FISCHER Prop
GEORGE MOOSKR Manager
The Handsomest Music HaJI In America.
The Best Orchestra in the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:
NEW BILL TO-NIGHT.
I:OO— AUGUST HINRICH3" SUPERB OB-
CHESTRA.
«:2<V-SIGNORINA PUERERL
«:35— SENORITA SALVINL
9:O7— BABT RUTH.
>:!3— SIGNORIN-A POLLETTIXL
9:3J-SIG"<ORINA BARDUCCI.
10:17— DUET— VARGAS-SALVINL
10:2t— BABT RUTH.
, 11:00 to ll:li-"CAVALLERIA RtTSnCANA. 11
10c ADMISSION 10c
Lydla E. Phkham's Vegetable Compound
OOL » SEPARATOR.
Ct«"Ioi>» OoJd Separator ar.d Amal-ramator In
Caily cp«-rstlCß. Wm. H. Birrh & Co.. 1M Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MAP.FHALL Gold f-avlns Machine. 229 Fol-
forn "tn>pt. Oriental Cas Engine Company.
GPOCEPIF.S ;N-> PROVISIONS.
Outfit* packed. IRVINE BROS.. 670 Howard.
S'jg Fourth. 1302 Polk and 1441 Etpckton. S. F.
MATTfcSOVS SLUICE WASHER.
ixrr.K •¦ ~. riffles and carpet combined saves
placer rcld. VAN WINKLE. 41J Market st.
LIQUORS-
WHIQI^FV L CAHEN A SON.
'» IIIOIVJL I <13 Sacramento.
COAL, COKB ANU Pld IROX
T r U'll SON £f fl **> Battery Street.
.'• t« TT LLJUII Ck. LUm Telephone Main MU.
COPPERSMITH. *¦
JOSEPH FOX, fiupt. H. BLTTH. Mgr.
r W CMITH 6hl P Plumbing, Steamboat
V- V ' J.TlUllt and Ship Work a Specialty. IS
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main bt*L
CENTRAL PARK, fSs3fii
TVVO WEEKS. Beginning Saturday. April Hth.
Trained Animal Show!
Larcer and Grander than Ever. Twice Its
former size. Three Hundred Elephants. Ponies.
Monkeys and Dogs. Giving positively the most
unique and povel exhibition ever witnessed
under canvas. Representing the highest pos-
sible development oC animal intelligence. 75—
WONDERFUL ACTS— "S. More startlin* and
difficult than ever performed by their human
prototypes In the sawdust arena. The fad of
the fashionables and an instructive show for old
and yourur. A most moral and refined enter-
tainment. The cleanest and best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. Admission — Children. 10c;
Adults. 23c. Performance, at 3 o'clock after-
noon. 8:30 nlghL See Grand Pararfo at noon
corn <lav Phow ruin or «hln»
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC nftYFS&frt Shipping Butchers. I<H
iAb- liUlEja tUi clay. Tel. Main l»4.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel So7ef c CARTRIDGE ™ C s!T*
FUVS
OILS
VS.
7_.__„_ - Rev. William Kirk Outhrl*
C™°""No^the Earth la Resurrection
Light"
Benediction.
rrano- Miss Cecilia Decker: contralto:
& Gilbert F. Graham, tenor; Gjjorg.
B. Mcßrid<\ bass, assisted by a chorus
of fifteen voices.
_ — • *
Roman Catholic.
ST MARY'S CATHEDRAL-Professor R. T.
Harrison has prepared a sDocial r.ro
gramme of music to be rendered at th» 11
o'clock mass. The choir will be augmented
and there will be an organ and orchestral ac
companiment. Following is the programme:
Mass In E flit • Weber
Gradual.
"Haec Dies"
Offertory. «jtll~.
••Regina Coell" • Glorza
Post Canticle.
"Hallelujah Chorus" (Mount of Ollve^ p;p ;' t - h - r ; yea
"Solo' sODranos^-M!'Hi"katherine Black.
Miss Addle Davis. Solo Altos-Miss Juha
Sullivan. Mrs. Steffani. Solo tenors-
David Manlloyd. Mr. Morrts«ey. Solo
bassos— S. J. Sandy. Robert Burns.
STS PETER AND PAUL'S— This church
Is located on the corner of Filbert and
Dupont streets. Mass will be celebrated
at 8. 7. 9 and 10:30 o'clock.
At the 9 o'clock mass the young ladies' choir
under the direction of Miss Eda Bfmnio will
render the "Kyrle." "Gloria." "sanctus.
"Qul Tollls" and "Agnus Del" from Cagllero *
"Mlssa de Sancta Infantia." also **«*«»»
Coell" by Labet. and at the offertory Miss M.
Fontana will sing Mercadante' s ".We Maria
At solemn high mass the choir will be unuer
the direction of the organist of the church.
Maestro A. Spadlna. when P. Glorza's "Kyrle.
"Sanctus" and "Agnus Del." A. Duran<J 3
"Gloria." "Credo" and "Benedtctus" ana >«>
vello's "Regina Coell" will be rendered by the
followlnr vocalists:
Sopranos— Miss L. Spadlna. Miss J. Lenor
mand Miss J. Sr-eneer. Altos— Miss A. Spa
dlna, "Mrs A. Spadlna, Miss A. Cavalll. Ten.ira
—Dr. F. Bonlno. Mr. Tyrell. Bassos— C. Tra
pelll and A. Danlelli.
At the offertory selections for violoncello will
be rendered by Maestro Pietro Marino. Solemn
vespers will begin at 7:30 p. m., after which
Cagliero's "O falutaris" ami "Tantum Ergo
will be rendered by the full choir of thd morn-
Ing.
ST. IGNATTCS— The very Rev. Father
Frleden. S. J.. will officiate at the solemn
high'mass at 10:30 a. m.. assisted by Rev.
G. Burkhard. S. J.. as deacon and Rev. C. J.
Carroll. S. J.. as sutxleacon. The sermon will
be preached by Rev. J. Ricrdan, S. J. The mu
sical programme is as follows:
MORNING.
Prelude, organ Lemmens
"Kyrle." "Gloria," "Credo" Meiners
Motet, "Vlctlmae Paschalis" Arch-.ert
Pastoral offertory Batista
"Sanctus." "Benedlctus," "Agnus Dei 1
_ Fauconnler
Postlude, organ.
EVENING.
Prelude, organ .CoUaerts
Vespers G ." K ° rtatl
"Magnificat" .• DrJ .Maio
Meditation, organ I> Lvry
Motet "Vlctlmae Paschalis" Archierl
"Tantum Ergo" ••- M ,r r 'k"
Postlude. "Eurianthe Overture" yon Weber
The sermon will be preached by Rev. D. Ma
honey, S. J.
ST. MARY'S (PAULIST)— Low masses will
be celebrated at 6:30. 7:30 and 9 a. nv, and
solemn high mass will be sung at 11 a. m..
at which the following musical programme will
be rendered:
"Kyrie." "Gloria." "Credo" and "Agnus
Dei" Haydn's Sixteenth
"Sanctus" and "Benedtctus" Gounod
Messe Solenelle. "Alleluia" ir.amlel
"Regina Coeli" Oiorza
"Venl Creator" Gior**
The mass will be accomnanietl by or
gan and orchestra. Orchestra under the
direction of Professor Eugene E»
Schmltx. The following artists will take
part: Soloists— Miss Daisy Cohen, Mi-sa
Sheron Murphy. Miss Etta O'Brien. Dr.
J F. Smith. William Gordon, assisted
by the Misses T. Pauba. M. Higgins, M.
Johnson. J. Short. S. Tonini. E. To
nlnl. M. Norton. A. Manning. K. DurTy,
L. Devine. M. O'Brien. M. Cooney. M.
Kavanagh, Mrs. Stelmann, Mrs. M.
Brennan. H. Ford, J. FornT, M. John
son. R. Tonini. C. Johnston. William
Moore. W. Derham. W. Rosecrantz. J.
Stround. W. O'Brien, Arthur O'Brien,
B. Boyson. H. Woods and William Cp-
The sermon will be preached by Rev. P. J.
MacCorry. C. S. P. _¦-
Solemn vespers will b<» sung at .:4o p. m.. at
which Rev. H. H. Wyman, C. S. P., will
preach.
SI. PAUL'S— High mass at 5:30. the music
for which will be Bordese's "Festival
Mass," sung by the young men's choral,
composed of Messrs. Wiley. Gtllogley. Healy.
Kane Rattigan. Maher. H. Gillogley. Wlnrow.
Buckley and Himmelstos*.
There will also be ma«s at 8:30. 7:30 8:30 anl
J-30 During these masses Easter anthems w.u
be sung by the members of the Young Ladles
at 10:30;
Sermon by Key. C. E. Kennedy. •=• ¦-'/"•
At this nw« ihe choir will render the follow
ing musical programme: rtr^v^.
Mass in G Yon Weber
Offartory. "Sit Nomen Domini" Caglierl
Sopranos, Mrs. R. Valerga and Miss M.
Reilly contralto. Miss M. F. Code; ten
ors. Arthur Boyce and W. F. Healy:
bassos E. Bournizeau and T. Ratf.gan.
"Regina Coell" * Battmana
Boys' surpllced choir.
Organist. Miss Amelia F. Quinn. •¦ '¦
Vespers and benediction at 7:30 p. m. Special
music; violin. W. F. Healy; cornet. J. A. Ken
nedy.
ST. JOSEPH'S— Masses on Easter Sunday
will be at 5. 8. 7. 8. 9 and 10:30 In the
church, and at 9 la the hall for the child
ren, which they are all expected to'attend. A
select choir will render the music at the 10:30
mass, at which there will be a sermon appro
priate to the occasion, with solemn benediction
Immediately after. As many as can should at
tend this mass. The following musical pro
gramme will be rendered:
"Kyrle" and "Gloria" Cagllero
"Credo." "Panctus" and "Agnus" from
Alary"s Grand Mass, and at the offer
tory. "Alma Virgo," soprano sola and
chorus by Bellini: "Tantum Ergo" by
Rossini and "Regina" by Rosewig.
ST. FRANCIS— At this church solemn high
mass will be celebrated at 11 o'clock a,
m. Celebrant. Rev. Father McMahon;
deacon. Rev. Father Caraher; subdeaoon, Ray.
Father McGeogh. Rev. T. Caraher will preach
the sermon.
The choir will render Haydn's Im
perial. Soloists— Mrs. B. F. Sides. Miss
Lillian Vlautln. Miss Ina Collins. C.
Schmitz, A. F. Woodbridge.
Offertory, "Haec Dies" Wlgand
Solemn vespers will commence at 7:30 r>. m.
The choir will sing Lejeals Vespers. "O
Palutaris" tey Wlgand and "Tantum Ergo" by
Rossini. -• ':¦-.'-
ST. PETETVS— Rev. Peter C. Yorke will
preach the sermon at the 10:30 mass. There
will be no evening devotions. The muslo
to be rendered at the morning services fol
lows: ': >,"".:'
Haydn's Third Mass in T> ....Imperial
Soprano, Miss Annie Rooney; alto. Miss
Kate Coyle: tenor. Mr. Toler; basso, Mr.
Schwerdtfeger.
Offertory. "Regina C0e11"......... Novello
Benediction Immediately after mass.
.. OS alutarls s . un . ff ... y ..... H ... T - oier; Bassinl
"X a ntum Ergo" ..Hlmmel
By full choir.
Organist. Miss Desmond.
,£"» T. DOMINIC S— The choir, under the dlrec-
tion of Dr. Franklin Palmer, orsranlst of
the church, will render the following pro
gramme at the solemn high mass at 11 o'clock
to-morrow:
"Gloria." "Sanctus." "Agnus" (St. Cecilia
mass). "Kyrie." "Credo" (mass of the
Sacred Heart) Gounod
Offertory, tenor solo. "Hosanna" Granler
Thr mas Greene.
"Fllii et Fillae" (Gregorian) choir
Contralto solo, Norn de Marie"
Miss Frances Graham
(Kindness of Tlvoll management.)
The solo parts of the mass will be sunir by
Miss Lily Roeder. soprano; Mrs. Herbert L.
Smith, contralto: Thomas Greene, tenor and
Slg S. S. Wanrell. basso.
The regular monthly service will be given in
the evenin* of the same day, and will consist
of:
"Easter Hymn|\. ............ .....5010 and chorus.
Soprano solo, O Holy Father" Dana.
Miss Roeder. "
Bass solo, "Invocation* a Dlo" Marian!
Slg. Wanrell.
Contralto solo, selected... Mrs. Herbert L Smith
"Venl Creator" Hummel
"O Salutaris" • FVm -. ie .°.^.. Saint Saens
Duet. "Ecce Pan's" Duhoi.
Miss Lily Roeder and Miss Smith
•Tantum Ergo" Emil Dethler
Choir.
Ray P. Murphy. O. P., will preach at the
11 a. m. service and at the 7:20 p m service
the sermon will be delivered by Rev. J. R.
.The 'following organ pieces will be played
on the grand organ on Easter day v^
"Pascal Sonata" T^«,r««»
Toccata. "Ite Missa E»f V ...V.V.V."" "la^v
"Paques Fleuries" Sj'
"o Fun" r;;^~ l "<
Sonata. "O Fllll" ....:::..\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\SS
Soprano solo, "He Is Risen"
Mrs. Lizzie Pennlmenn
Flute obllgato. Lute Pennlmenn.
Anthem, "Immanuel" Thayer
Bcsbo obligate, solo George Plner
Duet from "Stabat Mater" Rubsini
Professor and Mrs. W. R. Hervey.
EVENING.
Services by the Sunday school, assisted
by the choir.
Anthem, "How Lovely Are the Messengers"
From oratorio of "St. Paul."
Duet, "Jesus, Lover of My Soul"
Messrs. Hill and Howe.
Anthem, "Rejoice. Rejoice"
George Piner, soloist.
Recitation. "Easter Song". .Miss Wilna Hervey
Duet, "I Will Magnify Thee" Rosenthal
' Mr. Hervey and Mrs. Northon.
QRACE M. E.— Rev. J. N. Beard, pastor of
this church, will conduct the Easter praise
service. He will be assisted by a choir of
twenty-four voices. Following is the pro
gramme:
EVENING.
Organ voluntary T. K. Wlttich
Hymn 229 Congregation
Chorus, "Welcome. Happy Morning". ..Bracken
Prayer Dr. Beard
Chorus. "I Am He That Llveth" Simper
i Recitative and aria, Signor Abramoff.
Soprano solo, "Easter Sunshine Breaks
Again" Mletske
Miss Wing.
Chorus, "Hosanna to the Prince". Blumenscheln
Soprano solo Mrs. Munn
Bass eolo Signor Abramoff*
Hymn 235 Congregation
Contralto solo, "Message of the Lilies". .Mlnettl
Miss Sandelln.
Collection. ';
Remarks Dr. Beard
Chorus, "The Dawn of Hope" Krogman
Contralto solo Miss Holmes.
Bass solo, "Hosannah" Grainier
Signor Abramoff.
Chorus. "This'ls the Day" O. B. Brown
Hymn 248 '. Congregation
Benediction Dr. Beard
Mies Irma Wing and Mrs. A. E. Munn,
sopranos; Miss Paraskova Sandeltn and
Miss Gertrude Holmes contraltos; Signor
Abramoff. basso; T. K. Wlttich, organ
ist; Robert Husband, musical director.
SIMPSON MEMORIAL — Special services
will be held under the direction of Rev.
John Stephens, pastor. The following ex
cellent programme will be rendered:
MORNING.
Organ voluntary.
Anthem. "Christ the Lord Is Risen" Choir
Hymn 234 Choir and congregation
Prayer.
Anthem, "Te Deum" ("Festival"). Dudley Duck
Choir. ¦£>• . .
Responsive reading.
"Gloria Patrl" Wagner
Choir.
Scripture lesson.
Anthem, "Golden Harps Are Sounding"
' Ehepard
Choir. •
Announcements.
Hymn No. 235, "The Lord Is Risen Indeed"
..Choir and congregation
Offertory, soprano solo, "The Resurrection"
Hollen
Mrs. Wallace Wheaton Brlggs.
Sermon, "The Risen Lord" Pastor
Bass solo, "The Holy City" .* Rodney
Mr. Frank W. Thompson.
Hymn, No. 257, "Crown Him With Many
Crowns" Choir and congregation
• Benediction.
Organ postlude.
J. M. Shawhan,: leader: Miss Mabel
Jones, organist.
EVENING.
Organ voluntary.
Music, "Aye Maria"..... .'. Abt
Ladles' chorus.
Hymn No. 246, "Hall. Thou Once Despised
Jesus" ". Choir and congregation
Prayer.
Anthem, "Evening Hymn" Relnlcke
Choir.
Scripture reading.
Offertory, "Behold, Ye Desplsers" Parker
"Sanctus" Gounod
Communion hymn 228.
"Gloria in Excelsis" Schilling
"Nunc Dimittis" Scainer
Recessional hymn 365.
EVENING.
Processional. Hymn 110 Sullivan
"Versicles" Tallis
Proper psalms, 113, 114, 118.
"Gloria Patri" -" ...Schilling
First lesson. Ex. xv: 1-22.
"Magnificat" Custance
Second lesson, Acts 11: 22.
"Nunc Dlmlttis" Custance
Anthem. "Hosanna" Granier
Hymn 118 V, beyb ey
Offertory, solo. "Resurrection Holden
Hymn 132 V? tre^
Recessional hymn 368 ...Powell
Postlude. "Easter March" .....Lemmens
The choir Is composed as follows: bo
pranos—Miss Minnie Hussey, Miss Marie
Partridge, Miss Elsie Weldon. Miss
Edith Evans. Altos-Miss Phila Pettis.
Miss Ethel Hanna. Miss Belle Evans,
Mrs. Elsler. Mrs. Cleaves. Tenors— E.
E H. Hlbbert, J. H. d' Almeida, R. A.
Lennon. R. M. Mitchell Jr. Bassos-
George R. Bird. H. C. Closson. L. W.
Ralney Percy Woodhouse. Organist and
choirmaster— Roscoe Warren Lucy. .
ILJi OLY INNOCENTS CHAPEL— Following is
rjl a list of special music arranged for Eas
u v ter day to be rendered by the choir on
Low Sunday. April 22. Circumstances make It
impossible to hold regular services on Easter
day: MORNING.
Processional. "We March"
Easter psalm. "Christ. Our Passover" .......
"Te Deum" "Williams
"Jubilate." 148 •^'•V.;
Hymn. "Jesus Chrlat Is Risen To-day .....
"kyrle." 172 3. Naylor
"Gloria Tibl," 184
Hymn. "Alleluia. Alleluia"..
Anthem. "They Have Taken Away My
Lord °- Staler
"Sursum Corda," 133
"Sanctus." 2C3 •• ; :. : 'iii'ii:
"Administration Hymns." 225-234
"Gloria in Excelsis," 206
"Nunc Dimittis," 119 C.yiirV"i-""l
Recessional, "At the Lamb's High Feast
We Sing"
EVENING.
Processional. "We March" •.............._
"Magnificat" £. H. Lloyd
"Nunc Dimittis" .-.C. H. Lloyd
Hymn '"Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day ....
Anthem, fj "They Have Taken Away My
Benediction hymn, "Light at Evening
Recesslonai.' ( ' f "At the Lamb's High Feast
Mrs. Waib'ey,' organist and directress.'
S'" 1 T. JAMES PROTESTANT EPISCOPAL
MISSION— Which is located at the cor
ner of Sixth avenue and Clement street,
will have the following selections sung during
the Easter Sunday services:
MORNING.
Processional hymn, "Welcome. Happy
Christ. Our Passover".. Morton
"Glorias." 1. 2, S G™'«. Vincent
"Te Deum" • W. H. Warren
"Jubilate" • J- D Hunt
Hymn 118 ;••••• «°Per
"Kyrie" J- G. Elvey
"Gloria Tibl" ..•^ p . aiton
Hymn 111. anthem ;•••••»•; Williams
Offertory. "Why Seek the Living" .Cooke
Recessional hymn 118.. '• — .....Elvey
The morning choir Is composed of or
phans from the Maria Kip Orphanage,
assisted by J. L.- Marshall. •
EVENING.
The evening service will be sung by the full
vested choir. The following are the selec
tions: -
Processional hymn 111 » Worgan
"Gloria Patrl" Vincent
"Magnificat".. .....C. E. Kettle
"Deus Misereatur"..:... J. R. Thomas
Hymn 111, anthem... ...........Williams
Song. "Beautiful Easter" School
Recitation, "Vain the Watch";
Miss Jessie Hasklns
Easter Song Kindergarten
Recitation, "Twelve Easter Lilies"
Kindergarten
"The Story of Easter" Responsive reading
Song, "Calv'ry's Past" School
Prayer .....F. H. Jackson
Solo. "King of Glory" Coombs
Miss Feldhelm.
Duet and chorus, "O Day of Light"
Announcements Superintendent
Address ...'.'. Pastor
Song, "Easter Bells" School
Song, "Easter Joy" School
Recitation, "An Easter Rally"
Intermediate Department
(No Sunday school session this afternoon.)
Song. "Chime, Sweet Bells"
. .'. Intermediate Department
Recitation, "Easter Bells"
Miss Florence Porter
Offerings.
Distribution of seeds.
Bong, "Joy, Joy, Joy" School
Song, "Onward, Christian Soldiers".. Boy Choir
Song, "The Joyful Story" School
Benediction.
EVENING.
Organ prelude. Hymn 249. Prayer.
Selections from "The Redemption" Gounod
(a) Introductory, male chorus; (b) "The
Lord Is Risen Again." trio: (c) "From
Thy Love as a Father," solo and chorus.
Miss Heath, soloist. •
Offertory, violin solo Massenet
Miss Lipscher.
Sermon subject. "Life Beyond the Grave."
Anthem, "The Portals Everlasting".... Gounod
Choir.
Benediction.
Dr. S. D. HutsinDlller. pastor: Rolla V.
Watt superintendent; Mrs. Anna yon Meyer
inck, musical director; Arthur Fickenscher,
organist; Miss Anna Krtig, pianist.
•CALIFORNIA STREET M. E.— Rev. A. C.
Bane will conduct the services at this
church on Easter Sunday. An Interesting
programme has been arranged. It is as fol
lows:
MORNING.
Anthem. "Christ Is Risen"
R. Althow, soloist.
Duet Mr. Hervey and Mrs.Mendenhall
Offertory, "Come. See the Place" Vincent
Hymn 121 Victory
Benediction hymn Alton
Recessional hymn 450 Holden
James Vincent, organist and music di
rector.
•TpRINITY— Sen-ices In this church will be
11 unusually Impressive. The vested choir
will render beautiful music, under the
able direction of H. J. Stewart, musical direc
tor, organist and director of the choir. Fol
lowing is the programme to be rendered:
MORNING.
Processional, "Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day"
Easter anthem, "Christ, Our Passover"....
Shelley
"Te Deum" and "Jubilate" in B flat. .Stanford
Communion service Agutter
Offertory, "Easter Morning" Hlller
AFTERNOON.
4 o'clock; full choral service.
"Magnificat" and "Nunc Dlmitti«," In B
flat Stanford
Offertory, "I Know that My Redeemer Liv
eth" Handel
Organ recital after service:
"Offertolre." on an Eastern theme Batiste
"Paques Fleuries" Mallly
"Hymn of the Nuns" Lefebvre-Wely
"Marche Trlomphale" Guilmant
EVENING.
Special service, attended by California
Commandery No. 1, Knights Templar.
Processional, "Onward, Christian Soldiers"
Special anthem. "O God. When Thou Ap
pearest, Darkness Files" Mozart
Offertory. "The Lord Is Risen" (contralto
solo) Lansing
Recessional, "Stand Up for Jesus"
The music at these services will be
rendered by the regular choir of the
church, numbering twenty-four voices.
Soloists (cantoris) Miss Millie Flynn.
Mrs. J. E.~ Birmingham, H. M. Fortes
cue, F. G. B. Mills; (decani) Mrs. Eva
Tenney, Miss Xena Roberts, Arthur
Mesmer. Charles B. Stone.
/^\THEDRAL MISSION OF THE GOOD
\^ SAMARITAN— Rev. W. I. Kip Jr.. rector,
and his assistant. Rev. J. R. Tarnla, will
conduct the services en Easter Sunday. The
vested choir, under the direction of the organ-
Hymn 109 Sullivan
Anthem. "Christ Our Passover" A.. Foote
Aria and chorus, "The Resurrection of Our
Lord and Savior" .....J. H. Howe
Hymn 117 Parau
Anthem. "Sing With All the Sons of Glory"
J. H. Howe
Contralto solo,. "He Is Risen" A. Sullivan
Anthem at offertory, "Festival Hosanna"..
"Hosanna! Hosanna! To Christ Our
Savior Kln«."
Recessional, hymn 118 • Elvey
Postludlum in G Whiting
Choir: Sopranos— Miss Lillian Merri
hew. Miss Pearl Sabin. Miss M. J.
Provost, Miss A. Dorsey, Miss Carrie
Eulass, Miss V. Rulofson. Mies Emma
Medau, Miss Irene Babln. Miss E. V.
Jones. Miss M. E. Booth. Mrs. J. E.
Gordon. Mrs. L. L. Trumbly. Miss B.
Fife. Contraltos — Mrs. M. Henrietta
Smith, Mlbs Elsie Prichard. Miss Eva
Doyle. Mios Ivy Peck. Miss Mabel F.
Gordon. Miss E. Fraser. Miss Eva Senf.
Miss Charlotte Hammond. Mrs. J. H.
Howe, Miss C. Rulofson. Tenors— A. C.
Lawrence. E. R. Ellis, J. E. Greame,
George J. Wallace. Bassos— Hugh Wil
liamson, C. Baker. G. W. Grlnsr. W.
McKay. W. R. Kneiss. Boys— Harry
Allen. Woodworth Selfridge, Jack Self
rldge, Herbert Alderman, Crosby Gas
eaway, Willie Peck. Harry Euler, James
E. Easton, Hugh Jones, Gerrtsh Gassa
way. Organist and choirmaster, James
Hamilton Howe.
ST. STEPHEN'S— An Interesting programme
will be rendered in this church on Easter
day under the direction of the rector. Rev.
E. J. Lion. Following is the programme:
MORNING.
Organ voluntary Whitney
Processional. Hymn 121 Palestrlna
Anthem, "Christ, Our Passover" (In F)
.• Schilling
Proper psalms, 2, E7, 111.
"Gloria Patri' Schilling
First lesson, Ex. xll: 1-29.
"Te Deum" Marston
Second lesson. Matt, xxviii.
"Jubilate Deo" (in B flat) Brewer
Celebration of the Holy Communion.
Introlt hymn 109 Calkin
"Kyrie Eleison" Woodward
"Gloria Tibi" Woodward
Before sermon, hymn 112.
SOLEMN prayers and grand
music will usher in Easter
morn to-morrow. Church
bells will ring out over the city,
proclaiming that "Christ, the
Lord, is risen to-day." Sacred
edifices will be crowded with de
vout souls, who will sing out the
glad tidings; every heart will
pour forth thanks to Him and re
joice in His coming, for it is a
glorious epoch in the life of all
Christians.
The interior of all the churches
will be beautifully decorated in
lilies, ferns, smilax and sweet
smelling flowers appropriate to
the season of the year. Special
sermons will be preached from
many pulpits and the story of the
crucifixion and the resurrection
will again be told to listening
thousands.
To-day The Call, appreciating
the interest its readers take in the
musical services to be rendered
at the various churches, publishes
the programmes for their ben
efit. As will be observed, the mu
sical selections to be rendered
are the choicest in the wide col
lection of sacred compositions.
Augmented choirs and specially
engaged orchestras will render
the songs of praise and glory.
•
Baptist.
T^IIMANUEL HAPTIFT-The order of sery
llj, ices £1 this church r»n Easter Sunday is
extremely Interesting. The programme
rtrrared for that <say by the pastor. Rev. J.
George Gibson, follows:
MORNING.
Organ prelude.
•'Silver Truir.pets" Vlvanl
Mrs. E. Worth, organist.
Opening doxology by the congregation.
Invocation.
Responsive reading — Psalm xvl.
Borrsno «010, "I Know That My Redeemer
Lii'etli" From the "Messiah"
Mrs. R. L. Hathorn.
Prayer and Lcrd's I'rayer chanted by the
congregation.
Congregational hvir.n. "Joy to the World"..
Barytone solo. "Hosanna" Gralner
B. L. Tarbcx, accompaniment by George
R. King.
Notices.
<"»f!>rtory. "Th» Hymn of Nuns" Wily
Soprano *o!o,"O Come. Let Us Rejoice"
Dv Bois
Mrs. W. Z. King, accompaniment by
George R. King.
Perrnon The pastor
Congregational hyr'.n. "My Faith Looks Up
to Thee
Benediction.
Postlude, "Lohengrin" Wagner
EVENING.
Orjran. " Vo'untar> " Camp
Mr*. K. Worth, organist.
Opening doxoicry by the congregation.
Invccation.
Scripture reading — John xx:l-U.
rvrurr*Katior.al hymn, -All Hail the Power"..
l:aryi r >ne solo. "The City of Light" Adams
Rus.?cll Lowry-
Prayer and Lords Prayer chanted by the
ccrifrt Fallen.
Contralto *o!o. "The Resurrection" Holden
Ml? 6 Grace 6a.vage.
Offertory. "L,s Ra^a^ Faure
Barytone eolo. "Was Ever King So Kingly"
Kirkpatrick
Rev. J. George Gibson.
Fermca The pastor
Conrrerational hymn. "Nearer. My God, to
Thee"
Ben'dictinn.
PcstluiJe. "Chant TriomphaJ" Mendelssohn
FIRST BAPTlST— Services will be conduct
ed at this church by its pastor, the Rev.
E. A. Woods. The following programme
has been arranged and will be rendered:
MORNING.
Doxology. The Lord's Prayer.
Easter Anthem Barnby
6cr:fture lesson. Matt, xxviii.
"Gloria."
Prayer. Response by choir. Offertory.
Serrano eolo. "The Resurrection".. Miss Denny
With v,olln oblifiTUo. Miss Alice Woods.
Hymn. "Christ the Lord Is Risen To-day"
Sermon, by Dr. Woods, "The Resurrection
a Mystery.*'
Anthem. "Easter" Stalner
Hymn, "O tor a Thousand Tongues to Sing"
Benediction.
EVENING.
Easter anthem.
Hymn, "Mnrr.lng Breaks Upon the Tomb"
Bcrirture lesson. Luke xxiv.
Prayer. Response by choir.
Offertory, contralto solo. Miss Ju.ison.
The ordinance of baptism.
Anthem "Easter"
Pennon. "Did Jerus Raise the Dead?"
Hymn. "Ye Saints, Your Music Bring"....
Benediction.
The choir is composed of Miss Fannie
Denny, soprano: Miss Mlgnon Judson.
contralto: A. A. Macurda. tenor;' H. Mc-
Currte. b&ss; H. K. Mitchell, organist
Congregational.
w-^IRST CONGREGATIONAL— Rev. George
jr** C. Adams, D.D., pastor of the church, will
conduct the services on Easter Sunday.
The music to be rendered by the choir has be»a
carefully selected and will be a feature of the
cervices. Following is the programme:
MORNING.
Introlt. "Christ the Lord Is Risen To-day"
William*
Carol, "O, Wonderful Easter Morning"....
Deane
Bass solo, "Hosanna" Granler
Offertory. "The Easter Sunshine Breaks
Again" M:etzke
Aecnptlon, "Lift Up Your Heads" Guate
EVENING.
Ictroit. "King cf Kinrs" Simper
Contralto solo. "Alleluia" Ncrris
Anthem, "Easter-Tide" Marco
Carol. "Fill the Font With Roses" Warren
Offertory. ."Angels Kcll the Rock Away"..
Ha wley
Hymn— Anthem. '•Hark! Hark My Soul"..
Shelley
Choir: Miss Grace I. Davis, soprano;
Mrs. A. E. Story, contralto: J. F. Flem- ".
Ing. basso; £a:nuel D. Mayer, organist,
tenor and choir master.
•p^LTMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL— Services
IJ-*' will be conducted by Rev. F. B. Chering
ton, D.D. The choir, under the direction
of E. Delleplane, will render appropriate music
The programme for the day follows;
MORNING.
Organ prelude, "Te i^um in F" Tour»
Invocation.
Doxology.
Resporisive Heading.
Solo, chorus and viulin cbliguto, "Hosan
nah" Granier
Scripture Reading. 4
Anthem, "Easter Triumph" A. J. Holden
Offertory.
Violin solo. "Reverie" Vleuxtemps
Miss Belle RosenthaL
Announcfments.
Anthem. "Christ Our Pcssover" Bassford
Sermon. Prayer. Hymn.
Benediction.
EVENING.
Organ prelude and anthem, "Bounm eit"...
Buck
Invocation.
Hymn.
Scripture Heading.
Anthem. "Angels Itoll the Rock Away"
Offertory. '^. ¦•¦
Prayer.
Anthem, "Christ Has Won the Victory"....
Announcements.
Sermon. Prayer. Hymn.
Benediction.
F. Dellepiane, organist r.nd musical
director; Miss Belle Rosenthal. violinist.
Choir: Sopranos— Miss Dorothy Oood
eell. Miss Ruby Hart. Tenors— W. E.
Bmith. Charle* Henly. Altos— Miss May
Harrington, Miss Virginia Goodsell.
Bassos— H. R. Basford, H. Richards. ¦
RrCHMOND CONGREGATIONAL— The pro
gramme to be rendered in the church pre
¦ elded over by the Rev. Philip Coombe has
THE CHOIR INVISIBLE.
Ist. Miss Elizabeth Brown, will render the fol
lowing programme:
MORNING.
Processional hymn, "Welcome, Happy Morn
ing" Sullivan
Chant, " Venlte" Mendelssohn
"Te Deum" from "Festival in D".... Woodward
Chant. "Jubilate" . . .¦ Aldrich
Hymn. "Christ, the Lord. Is Risen To-day.
Alleluia!" Morgan
"Kyrle" and "Gloria Tibl" Tours
"Nicene Creed" Best
Sermon.
Hymn, "Angels Roll the Rock Away". .Roper
"Gloria Patri Danks
Anthem, "As It Began to Dawn" Vincent
Presentation.
Doxology, "Old Hundred."
"Sursum Corda" and "Sanctus"... Tours
Eucharlstlc hymn, "And Now, O Father". Monk
"Agnus Del" Tours
"Gloria In Excelsis" Calkin
"Nunc Dimlttls" Gower
Retrocessional hymn, "Christ, the Lord. Is
Risen To-day" Rimbault
Sunday-school festival service at 3 o'clock p. m.
EVENING.
Processional hymn, "Welcome, Happy Morn
ing" , Sullivan
"Gloria Patri" Humf rey
"Magnificat" and "Nunc Dimlttls". Garrett
Sermon.
Hymn, "Angels, Roll the Rock Away"... Roper
"Gloria Patrl" Danks
Anthem, "As It Began to Dawn" Vincent
Presentation.
Doxology, "Old Hundred." -
Retrocessional hymn, "Christ, the Lord, Is
Risen To-day"....; Rimbault
Q RACE— An excellent musical programme
will be rendered by the choir, under the
direction of W. H. Holt, the organist.
Following is the programme:
MORNING.
First celebration of holy communion, 8 o'clock.
Morning service, with celebration of holy com
munion and sermon by the rector, 11 o'clock.
Opening anthem. "Hallelujah Chorus".. Handel
"Te Deum" in B minor Buck
"Jubilate" in B Read
Offertory, "Come, See the Place".... Schnecker
' 'Sanctus l ' Taylor
"Gloria In Excelsis" old chant
The hymns will be appropriate.
Children's festival service at 4 p. m.
Grand Easter festival service, 7:45 p. m.
Programme:' .
Barytone solo, "The People That Walked"..
. Handel
S. Homer Henley.
Cantata, "He Is Risen" Schnecker
Tenor solo, "Hosanna" Granler
I. F. Veaco.
"Hallelujah Chorus" Handel
Offertory, organ solos
(a) "Paques Fleuries" .....Alphonse Mallly
(b) Fantasia Wely
Postlude, en forme d'ouverture H. Smart
Members of the choir: , Tenors — Messrs.
Veaco, Wendell. Barrangon, Woolcocks,
Smith, Goetting and Welsh. Bassos —
Messrs. S. H. Henley, Holt, Parent,
Blair. G. Fossey. Hewitt, H. Fossev.
Medley. Fargus. Peoples. G. H. Hooks.
Cross bearer, Vance Edwards. Organist
and director of the choir, William H.
Holt.
Methodist Episcopal.
•CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL—Ser
\^y vices will be * conducted by the Sunday
school. An -interesting .-programme has
been arranged and Is as follows:
MORNING.
"Gloria," "Creed" and "D0x010gy".........
. . Choir and congregation
Infant baptism.
Anthem. "Let All Men Praise the Lord"...
...:. Choir
Concert exercise, "From Gloom. to Glory." : ¦
Anthem .....................*........ School
Invocation ..........Pastor
been carefully prepared and is fitting for the
occasion. It Is as follows:
Organ Prelude.
Invocation.
Hymn, "See the Conqueror Mount! In Tri
umph" Harwell
Responsive Reading.
Anthem, "Where God Leads" J. A. Parks
Prayer.
"The Lcrd's Prayer" By the Choir
Offertory. "The True Easter" E. O. Excell
Hymn, "He Lives; the Great Redeemer
Lives" Rothwell
Address, "Easter Joy" Rev. Philip Coombe
Prayer by the Congregation.
Hymn. "O. Christ, Our King. Creator,
Lord"' Duke St.
Benediction.
Organ Prelude.
Doxology.
Invocation.
Hymn, "Christ Above All Glory Seated"
Carthage
Responsive Reading.
"Christ Arose" Choir
Prayer:
"The Lord's Prayer" Choir
Hymn, "Behold What Wondrous Grace"....
Ferguson
Offertory. "Blessed Is He Who Cometh"....
Gounod
Address. "Easter Gratitude"
Rev. Philip Coombe
Prayer by the Congregation.
Hymn. "Autumn Crown His Head With
Endless Blessing"
Benediction.
The choir will be composed of the fol
lowing persons: Sopranos, Misses Nina
Parker and Alice Outhrle: altos. Mrs.
Eva McLeod and Miss Knight; tenors.
Mr Lowe and Fred Brock: bassos,
B. F. Harvtlle and Clifford Taylor.
THIRD CONGREGATIONAL— In the ab
sence of Rev. William Rader. who Is now
traveling abroad, the Rev. Alfred Bayley,
who Is in charge, will conduct the services. The
following programme will be rendered:
MORNING. ,': ,¦;.'¦"
Organ allegretto Guilmant
Anthems— "Thanks Be to God" Smallwood
"This Is the Day" Lemare
"I Am He That Llveth" King
Alto solo, "The Lord Is Risen" Lansing
Miss Pearl Hoesack.
Violin oblieato Miss Kathryn Buneman
Orgaa allegro Guilmant i
EVENING.
Cantata. "The Resurrection" H. W. Porter
"The Glorious Name," chorus: "Shar
ing Hl* Sorrows." bass solo and male
chr-rus; "The Dawn Is Now Breaking,"
chorus cf women; "The Walk to the
Sepulcher." scloe, trio for women's
voices and chorus; "Behold! There Was
a Great Earthquake." chorus with tenor
roles; "The Thirst of God." soprano solo
with chorus; "With the Rosy Light,"
bars S'>ld and soprano and alto duet:
"We Trusted He- to Victory." male
chcrous with tencr solos: "Now Is Chr!st
Risen," chorus with soprano solo: "Be
hold. He Cometh." mixed quartet:
"Christ Belnz Raised," chorus with
BOIoC
Organ. "Kaijter March" Merkel
Solcists: Mrs. W. C. Stadtfeld. so
prano; M!ss Pearl Hossack and Miss
Grace Hull, altos: Edward Calame and
A. Thomas, tenors: Dr. G. L. Bean and
Horace White, bassos: chorus of twenty
five voices: Miss Kate F. Hutchinson.
organist; W. C. Stadtfeld, director.
OLIVET CONGREGATIONAL— Rev. H. T.
Phepard. jiastor of this church, will con
duct the services. Following is the pro
gramme:
MORNING.
Organ prelude Miss Mamie I. Thompson
Hymn Congregation
Scripture reading and prayer Pastor
Anthem, "Shout the Glad Tidings" Choir
Resruttslve reading.
Polo Miss Rogers
Roadins Miss A!m!na C. Thompson
£ong Primary class of the Sunday-school
Missionary offering.
P.»a3ing Miss Alma F. Van Iderstine
Songs and recitations by the children of the
Sunday-school.
Polo Miss Pauline E. Huebner
Remarks Pastor
Hymn Congregation
Benediction. •
Episcopalian.
ST. LUKE'S — The services to be conducted
by the Rev. D. C. Garrett and his assist
ant, the Rev. TV. A. M. Breck. will be
beautiful and impressive. The programme for
both morninK.and evening Is as follows:
Organ prelude.
Processional Hymn (112). "Jesus Christ Is
RUen To-day" Dr. Worgan
"Verslcle*" (Festal) Tallls
Easter anthems, "Christ Our Passover"
Turle
Proper Psalms 2. 57. 111.
"Te Deum." "Jubilate". Wallace A Sabin, in D
Introlt Ul3). "Christ Is Risen"
Sir A. S. Sullivan
Holy communion.
"Kyrle." "Gloria Tib!." "Credo"
'. Sir John Stalner. in F
Hymn (121), "The Strife Is O'er"....Palestrina
Eermon.
Ascription. "Gloria Patri" Turle
Offertory anthem, "Behold. Ye Desplsers"
H. W. Parker
"Sursum Corda," "Sanctus." "Agnus Del," '
"Glor'a fn Excelsis". .Sir John Stalner. In F
"Nu nc Di m ! tt'.s" Farrant
Recessional hymn ril2) "Jesus Lives"
Dr. Gauntlett
Orran postlude.
EVENING.
Orcan prelude.
Processional hymn (112). "Jesus Christ Is
Risen To-day" Dr. Worgan
"Verslcles" (Festal) Tallls
Prooer Psalms 113. 114. 118.
"Magnificat," "Nunc DimltUs"
Wallace A. Sabin, In D
Hymn <375). "Our Blest Redeemer" Dykes
Confirmation and address hy the Right Rev.
William F. Nichols. Bishop of California.
Hymn (615), "O, Jesus, I have Promised"
Offertory anthems. "Behold. Ye Despisers"
L, Parker
Recessional hymn (122). "Jesus Lives"
• Dr. Gauntlett
Orcan r*>stlude.
St. Luke's vested choir of fifty voices.
W. A. Rabin, F. R. C. 0., organist and
choirmaster.
ST. JOHN'S— The observance of Easter day
will begin with the celebration of the
holy communion at 7 a. m. At 11 o'clock
the following programme will be rendered by
the choir, under the direction of Miss Esther
M. Phillips, organist and choir mistress:
MORNING.
Processional hymn 103, "Welcome Happy '
Moinlnsr"; introlt. "Christ Our Pass
"Kyrie." "Gloria' "TVbl.*' I '"""Gratia"* "Tlbi " "*
Credo." "Sursum Corda," "Sanctus,"
"Benedictus qul Venlt." "Agnus Del,"
"Gloria In Excelsis" Woodward In D
Offertory, "Resurrection" Shelley
With violin obligato by Miss Helen
Davenport.
"Nune Dlmlttis" Blow
Recessional Hymn 269, "Awake and Sing
the Sons."
At 4 p. m. will be held the united service of
the four Sunday schools of the parish, at
which carols will be sung and the customary
prizes will be distributed.
EVENING.
Processional hymn 112, "Jesus Christ Is
Risen."
"Gloria Patri" , Parke
"Magnificat." "Nunc Dlmlttis"
__ Woodward In E flat
Offertory. "And God Shall Wipe Away All
Tears" Sullivan
Benediction Hymn. "Angels Roll the Rock
Away." ~
Recessional. "Christ the Lord Is Risen To
day."
The rector, the Rev. L. C. Sanford. will be
assisted throughout the day by the Rev B G '
L*e of San Mateo.
ST. PAUL'S— A special programme has been
printed by this church and will be rend
ered on. Easter day. Rev. William Max
well Rellly and his assistant. Rev. M. C. Wil
son, will conduct the services, which will be
highly Impressive. Following Is the pro
gramme:
7:30 a. m., holy communion.
11 a. m., morning prayer.
Organ prelude. Allegro, Fourth Sonata
Mendelssohn
Processional,- hymn 112 Worgan
Eaeter anthem (chant), "Christ Our Pass
over Is Sacrificed for Us"
J. Hamilton Howe
"Gloria" (proper psalm) J. Hamilton Howe
"Te Deum" In E flat D. Buck
"Jubilate" in A flat A. Foote
Holy communion.
Introit, "The Resurrection of Our Lord and
Savior" J. H. Howe
Aria for bass, accompanied by choir.
Hymn 111 Elyey
"Kyrie" In C B. Tours
"Gloria Tibi" In B flat J. H. Howe
Hymn (before eermon) 117 Parau
Anthem at offertory, "Sing With All ¦ the
Sons of Glory" J. H. Howe
"Sing With All the Sons of Glory, Sing
the Resurrection Song."
"Sursum Corda" J. H. Howe
"Sanctus" C. Gounod
"Agnus Del" B. Tours
"Gloria in Excelsis" F. Adlam
"Nunc Dlmittls" J. Stalner
Recessional, hymn 115 Tours
Organ Postlude Volckmar
Children's flower service. 3 p. m.
Choral evensong. 7:39 p. m.
Onran Prelude, Offertolre in C. Thayer
Processional, hymn 112 W'organ
"Gloria" (proper psalms) J. H. Howe
"Magnificat," "Nunc Dlmlttis," In E flat.. .
J. Barnby
Anthem, "Softly Now the Light of Day".. ?
J. 11. Howe j
EASTER DAWN IS BREAKING
Presbyterian.
FRANKLIN-STREET PRESBYTERIAN—
Services of an Interesting character will
be conducted In this church to-morrow
morning. The Sabbath-school children will at
tend and take part In the services, and the pas
tor. Rev. C. M. Shepherd, will deliver an ad
dress particularly Intended for them. Follow
ing Is the programme:
Organ prelude; anthem, "Easter Day"; Invo
cation and chant of Lord's Prayer.
Responsive reading.
Anthem. "The Morn of Gladness."
Responsive reading — John xx:l-19.
I'rayer.
Offertory; anthem, "His Abiding Love": ad
dress by Rev. C. M. Shepherd. "The streets of
the city shall be full of boys and girls, playing
in the streets thereof."
Anthem. "Brightly Shine, Te Heavens."
Benediction.
ILJI OWARD PRESBYTERIAN— The following
,i|| numbers will be rendered on Easter day
by the choir of this church:
MORNING.
Organ prelude. "Hallelujah Chorus" from
"The Messiah" Handel
Anthem, "Christ, the Lord. Is Risen".... Buck
Hymn "Rise. Glorious Conqueror" Giardinl
Soprano solo. "I Know That My Redeemer
Llveth." from "The Messiah" Handel
Quartet, "Fill the Font With Roses" Warren
Hymn "Hark! Ten Thousand Harps"... Mason
Organ .postlude. "And the Glory of the
Lord," from "The Messiah" Handel
EVENING.
Organ prelude, "Et Resurrexit," from "First
Mass" ...Mozart
Anthem, "Christ. Our Passover" Buck
Hymn. "Come. Every Pltius Heart Edson
Quartet "The Resurrection" Shelley
Alto solo. "The King of Glory" Coombs
Hymn, "Hall to the Lord's Anointed" — Webb
Anthem. "Raise Your Triumph Hlgh".Wlegand
Quartet. "Christ, the Lord. Is Risen" Buck
Hymn, "All Hail the Power" Holden
Organ postlude, "Unfold, Ye Portal* Ever
lasting," from "The Redemption"... Gounod
The members of the choir are: Miss
Alma Berglund. Mrs. Lilian S. Copping.
Frederick Purdy. Charles E. Kerr. Wil
liam F. Hooke is the organist and mus
ical director.
TITT 7ESTMINSTER PRESBYTERIAN — The
X W services at this church on Easter morn
7 7 ing will be particularly Interesting. The
choir will render the following numbers:
MORNING.
Organ prelude.
Anthem "Gloria in Excelsis" Bchnecker
Anthem, "Our Lord Is Risen From the
Dead' ¦ Schnecker
Offertory, "The Resurrection" Shelley
Soprano «010.
Anthem. "Christ Is Risen"....' Coombs
Hymn No. 411 •- ••
Tenor solo. "Easter Eve Gounod
Hymn No. 446 •••
"Fill the Font With Roses" W^ r , ren
Offertory. "The Resurrection" Shelley
Soprano solo, with violin' obligate
Hymn No. 453 -
Solo
Anthem, "Our Lord Is Risen From the
Ijead' ' Schnecker
Hymn. ! 'Coronation
Choir— Mrs. Frank J. Thayer. Mrs.
Frank M. Greenwood, Mrs. John R. Hill
man, Mrs. Dr. F. B. Carpenter. Miss Ma
rion Cummins, W. F. Davis. Charles D.
Northrop, 11. O. Elchenberg. J. D. Gra
ham: violinist. Miss Alice M. Woods;
organist. Frank J. Thayer.
•"CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN— The morning
(i, rervlce will be devoted to song and prayer.
Rev John Hemphlll will preach the ser
mon In the evening the following programme
will be rendered:
Organ prelude Organist R. D. Burness
Invocation .......Pastor
Easter hymn 150, "Jesus Christ Is Risen
To-day" Congregation
Easter anthem. "Why Seek Ye the Living
Among the Dead?" J. E. Trowbndge
Alto solo. "Resurrection" A. R. Shelley
Miss Isella Van Pelt.
Anthem. "I Hear a Strain of Music". .E. Marzo
Hymn 155 "Christ, the Lord. Is Risen"
Notices and offering.
Offertory, soprano solo. "I Know That My
Redeemer Llveth." from "The Messiah."
Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark.
Remarks —By pastor
Easter anthem. "By the Thorny Ways of
Sorrow" P. A. Schnecker
Tenor solo, "Hosanna" Granler
D. M. Lawrence.
Hymn 161 "Hark! Ten Thousand Harps"
Bass solo "Sin* Out the Anthem".. ..Wilkinson
W. C. Campbell.
Easter anthem. "Sing With All the Sona
of Glory" P. A. Schnecker
Benediction.
Organ postlude. "Halleluah Chorus," from
"The Messiah."
The choir is comDOsed of Mrs. Hert-
Mark, soprano: Miss Isella Van Pelt,
contralto: D. M. Lawrence, tenor: W.
C. Campbell, basso and choir director;
Robert b. Burness. organist.
FMT EMORIAL PRESBYTERIAN— Rev. Her
/ \j bert N. Bevler, the pastor of this church,
has prepared a fine programme for the
occasion. It Is 'as follows:
Voluntary • •. Selected
Mrs. T. C. Leary. organist.
Invocation.
"Gloria" Choir
Responses,
Chant, "Lord's Prayer" Choir
Hymn Congregation
Anthem. "When He Shall Appear"
- Robert Lowrr
Choir.
Chorus male quintet. "I Know That My
Redeemer Llveth" Haydn
Ordination servlca
Reception of Members.
Duet. "My Eye Hath Seen"
Mr. and Mrs. W. 8. Stocks.
Offertory.
Short Sermon. "He Is Risen" ,
Rev. H. N. Bevler, pastor.
Duet and chorus. "The Easter Story,"
Mrs. Stocks, H. Brown and the choir.
Anthem. "What Do the Sweet Bells Say?"
• Choir
Communion. Benediction.
Tp»IRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN-Rev. H.
JH H. Bell, the pastor, will preach both morn-
Ing and evening. The morning theme will
be "The Emptied Tomb." The evening theme
will be "Christ, the Resurrection and the Life "
Following Is the musical programme:
MORNING.
"Lift Up Your Heads, Ye Gates"
Albert J. Holden
EVENING.
Solo, "O, Praise the Lord"
Sung by Miss Annie J. Beaton. ¦•••••
Bass solo, "The Resurrection" Shelley
By Robert Bonner.
fIpJIRST PRESBYTERIAN— Easter service!
jj"" 1 will be conducted at the above church on
Easter day by Rev. Robert Mackenzie.
D.D., minister, and Rev. William Kirk Guthrie,
pastor In charge. Following Is the programme*
MORNING.
Easter cantata. "Death and Life"
H. R. Shelley
Organ prelude Guilmant
Doxology.
Invocation.
Chorus, "Hall! King of the Jews"
Scripture reading.
Hymn No. 1048. "O. God of Bethel, by
Whose Hand"
Alto solo, "Then They Took the Body of
Jesus" t#
Prayer.
i Sentence by the choir.
Hymn No. 358, "Hall. Thou Once Despised
Jesus"
Offertory, tenor solo, "The First Day of the
Week" .
Soprano solo, "Because They Have Taken
From Me My Lord" ........;.
j Bass solo, "Woman! Why Weepest Thou" '.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL, 14, 1900..
CONTINUED ON PAGE NINE.
8
Music, quartet, "Savior. Comfort M^' 00 Y 9 *gj, alk
............... nnouncement9>
Hymn No. 256.
Offertory, contralto solo. -Thy " W ' ll1 M a4ton
"""""ii'iss Ma Lange. _ .
Address Pastor
Male quartet."' 'Now the Day Is Over". Barnby
I. E. Blake. E. Lotz, J. M. Shawhan,
George E. Nash.
Hymn. "All Hall the Power of Jesus'
Name" Choir and congregation
Benediction.
Organ postlude.
HOWARD METHODIST EPISCOPAL- At
11 o'clock the Easter anniversary of the
Sunday school will be celebrated. Carols
and recitations will be rendered by the school
and Key. John A. B. Wilson will preach the
sermon. The following music will be sun* by
the choir:
MORNING.
Anthem. "Awake. Thou That Sleepest ••° imp *[
Duet. "Holy Father" ...... Wallace
Misses E. Wells and A. Hopkins.
Soprano solo. "I Know That My Redeem er
Liveth" Handel
Miss Flora Balllnger.
EVENING.
The choir will be assisted by an orchestra or
fifteen pieces, under the direction or
Bernard A. Schloh.
Voluntary, "Gloria." from mans CneruDini
Orchestra and organ.
Anthem, "This Is the Day" ...... Ketelfty
Cornet solo. ''See the Conquering Hero .....
Handel
Miss" Louise Levy, with orchestral ac
companiment.
Tenor solo, "The Gate of Heaven" Tour»
Arthur Boyee.
Anthem. "Christ. Our Passover" Ldoya
Offertory, barytone solo, "Behold a K *^*! "
Ana on Hilton. •
Closing voluntary, march Wagner
Orchestra and organ.
Martin Schultz, organist and choir
master.Charged With Stealing Shoes.
James Crowley. a young man who was
employed as a clerk In Leaser's ihoestore.
was arrested Thursday night by Detec
tives Ryan and O'Dca and booked on sev
eral charges of petty larceny. About
three months ago Crowley eloped from
Seattle with a young married woman
named Ethel Keller. They rented apart
ments in a lodging house at Third and
Howard streets, where they were known
as man and wife. Crowley went to work
In the shoestore, and. It is claimed, he
helped himself to about twelve pairs ot
shoes which he sold to a second-hand
dealer on Howard street. Crowley con
fessed.
Paralysis From Coffee.
"Sometime ago I had a shock
of paralysis, which resulted from
the continued use of coffee.
Dizzy head and confused feelings
were constantly with me. I was
induced by a physician to leave
off coffee and try Postum Food
Coffee, with the result that I am
now clearheaded and in perfect
health." Mrs. F. E. Willoughby,
Amherst Station, N. H. Made at
the pure food factories of the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd.. Battle
Creek, Mich.
POSTUM CEBEAI*.
THE GREAT EASTER EDITION
...OF THE...
Swumtaj! Call
OUT APRIL 15th.
16 Pages in Color. •* '•* 9 pull-page illustrations.
Ea:h a perfect art ?em. Amon? the artisis who
have worked specially for this issue are ::::::
A. BRADSHAW. N. GERTRUDE
CLARK. METHFESSEL, TEBB3.
ROSS, DODGE AND KELLY.
THE STORIES ARE ALL OF GREAT
HUMAN INTEREST.
THE PEACE CONFERENCE— Poem by
Madge Morris. Illustrated by Meth-
f essel. '
WHAT SORT OF A MAN WAS
CHRIST? A Study of the Physical
Side of the Man-God.
THE CEREMONIES AT THE VATI-
CAN.— By Genevleve Greene.
WHAT SOME OF *OIIR SOCIETY
GIRLS WILL WEAR EASTER DAY.
THE PASSING OF GENERAL BID-
WELL, One of California's Most
Unique Characters.
THE TROUBLES OF A TICKET-
TAKER AT THE FERRY. Illus-
trated by Dodse.
Altogether the Most Magnificent. Paper of the Day. X X X
ORDER NOW. ORDER NOW.
WITH THE LIFE-SAVERS AT THE
BEACH.
MRS. McKINLEY IN THE WHITE
HOUSE. Special Poses for the Sun-
day Call.
THE SORROWFUL CHRIST. Poem by
Mrs. Edwin D. Markham.
PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE FOLLOW-
ING FAMOUS PAINTINGS IN THE
NATIONAL MUSEUM AT NAPLES:
AT THE DOOR OF THE SEPUL-
CHER. by Rubens: THE MAGDA-
LENE, by Guercino: ON CALVARY,
by Bernadlno Gottl: JESUS ON THE
CROSS, by Van Dyke.
COMING FROM THE EASTER SER-
VICE. Full-pace L>rawlt»s by Gor-
don Ross.
Illustrated Back Cover, "TWO LITTLE
CHICKS," by Miss Bradshaw; and a
most attractive front page. "SPRINO
SONG," by Tebbs.
The full page illustration
by Methfessel which will ap-
pear in next Sunday's Call —
the great Easter edition — is
the most beautiful and perfect
illustration ever published in
any newspaper. It must be
seen to be appreciated.
Everybody uses stationery, cither fancy
or commercial. Many people use both.
Ours is the best place to get either. We
make a specialty of engraving visiting
cards, wedding Invitations and- announce-
ments in our stationery department. Sea-
born. Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
BY CHARLOTTE BREWSTER JORDAN
IX. MARY ANN LAMB.
(1765-1547.)
Mary arid Charles Lamb lived so practi
cally the brother-and-slster idyl which
poets have pictured that it is quite impos
sible for the biographer to dissociate
them.. When the baby brother came to
gladden Mary Lamb's barren existence
she joyfully became his sole caretaker and
devoted her long life to his physical and
mental development. Many were the anx
ious hours spent In fanning his frail little
life Into the flame which flickered through
sixty years of anxiety, charm and calam
ity. Her devotion to his development de
ferred for twenty years the hereditary In
sanity which hovered over their childhood
and at the same time prepared and
strengthened her charge for. the affection
ate sacrifice which later ennobled his life.
Thus, with the infancy of Charles Lamb,
began that Interdependence which distin
guished their common life.
With the eagerness of a child of 13 Mary
Lamb taught her 3-year-old brother to
read, so that Charles always declared that
he could not remember the time when he
did not know how. When only 7 the ner
vous and timid boy was entered at Christ's
Hospital to win his way among the throng
of burly lads who had there worn for hun
dreds of years the long-tailed blue coat
worn by Edward, the "boy king." who
had founded the school. Fearing lest the
little brother's diminutive stature, stutter
ing speech and delicate frame might
arouse the ridicule of the older boys, Mary
used to throw her shawl around her and
run down to watch them at play until the
recess hour was over. This attracted the
attention of Coleridge, a big blue-coat,
who In common with his fellows was cap
tivated by the little fellow's winsomeness,
and he begged to be Introduced to the
faithful sister behind the grating, thus
laying the foundation of that famous "fif
ty-year-old friendship without a dissen
sion."
While Charles was at school exhibiting
a wonderful docility and aptitude for the
classics, the faithful sister, who was never
sent to any school, was browsing in the
library of her father's patron and striving
to keep at least one lesson in advance of
the sorely missed brother. Oftentimes they
browsed together, and so thoroughly con
genial did their literary tastes become
that Charles Lamb came to think that his
sister attained her uncommon powers of
mind because of, rather than in spite of,
the defects of her singular education.
'¦Had I twenty girls," he writes in his
famous "Essays of Ella," "they should
be brought up exactly in this fashion. I
know not whether their chance in wed
lock might not be diminished by it. but
I can answer for it that It maketh (if
worst comes to worst) most Incomparable
Other training for this glorified spinster
hood was incessant toll at home, care for
an Intemperate father, nursing an Invalid
mother, whose fine mind had been warped
beyond recognition by unhappy marriage,
and interminable needlework to eke out
the straitened family means. Such harass
ing fatigue told so plainly on Mary
Lamb's strength that the neighbors some
times remarked to each other that the
girl seemed "wrong in the head, yet did
not consider her mind seriously affected.
The father finally lost his position
through Intemperance and the needlework
would not support the family, so Charles
was taken frcan school and obliged to be
gin his thirtyMour years of drudgery at
the "desk's dull wood."
This counting-house monotony was light
ened by the books which Mary borrowed
in order that they might study together
the well-beloved Elizabethan age, by his
friendship with Coleridge and by the en
couragement which sister and friend gave
to his modest literary beginnings. Charles
Lamb wrote spontaneously; because he
must he Jotted down on any convenient
scrap of paper the wit. whimsicalities and
wisdom which afterward crystallized Into
his inimitable essays. Sometimes the
brother and sister would indulge in a two
shilling seat at the theater. This love for
the drama expressed Itself later In a plajr
written by Charles Lamb called 'Mr. H.,
which Mary Lamb Induced the manager of
Drury Lane to accept. Great was her
grief, consequently, when this play was
hissed off the stage the first night, nor
was her disappointment anywise lessened
when she perceived her sensitive brother
chief among the hissers. ;^
When Charles Lamb was 20 he besan
trying his hand at verse making, partly
In emulation of Coleridge, partly because
he became greatly Interested In a young
lady in the neighborhood. His attach
ment to this young lady opened his eyes
to the apparent hopelessness of his future;
with a father In- his dotage, a mother an
invalid, a sister almost deranged by her
hopeless struggle with poverty, all de
pendent upon the few pounds which his
clerkship brought, what outlook was there
for his future? Brooding over the strug
gle between love and duty brought upon
him the fatal family legacy and for sev
eral weeks It was necessary to keep him
under restraint.
This attack undoubtedly affected his sis
ter's malady • and hastened her nervous
breakdown. Worn with needlework and
the dally and nightly care of the mother,
whom she greatly loved, she temporarily
lost her reason and In one of her wildest
frenzies brought about the calamity un
der whose shadow the brother and sister
dwelt during the remainder of their days.
Lamb thus writes to Coleridge: "I will
only give you the outlines: My poor. dear,
dearest sister, in a fit of Insanity has been
the death of her own mother. I was at
hand only time enough to snatch the
knife out of her grasp. She is at present
in a madhouse, from whence, I fear, she
must be moved to an hospital. • • • •
With me 'the former things are passed
away' and I have something more to do
than to feel. God Almighty have us well
In his keep. C. Lamb." ... ,
From that moment duty gained the vic
tory' and Charles Lamb renounced all his
aspirations and hopes of earthly blessing
to devote his maturity entirely to the care
of that "poor, dear, dearest sister," who
had sacrificed her youth for him. Al
though but 21 when he took the vows of,
self-abnegation, his youth was gone for
ever When Mary Lamb's mind again
cleared she was In such frame of mind
that she believed herself purified and ab
solved from the horror committed when
ehe was not responsible, and always re
ferred to her mother with such calmness
and naturalness that many believed her
ignorant of the tragedy.
Exhaustion from nursing an old aunt
who had made her home with them again
brought on a violent attack. These Ill
nesses as her brother affectionately called
them recurred annually, sometimes more
frequently. Fortunately a nervous sleep
lessness gave warning of the dread ap
proach and Mary so fully comprehended
their Import that she herself packed a
straitjacket when- they started on their
journeys. They were frequently met go
ing across Hampstead Heath hand in
hand to the asylum, both crying bitterly.
It is probable that this ever-watchful so
licitude and sympathy on Charles' part
prevented a recurrence of his early at
tack and kept his reason unclouded to
During her Intervals of saneness Mary
Lamb was again the devoted sister,
guarding her brother's work from Inter-
ruption. making homelike and cozy their
frequently changed quarters and unos
tentatiously welcoming their literary
friends to Lamb's famous Wednesday
evenings. She, too, was greatly loved and
respected by the choice circle of spirits.
Hazlitt, ordsworth. Barry Cornwall,
Leigh Hunt and ColeriJge. who there
weekly "skimmed the cream of criti
cism."
When Mary Lamb was "from home"
her brother longed constantly for her re
turn, writing thus to Miss Wordsworth:
"To say all that I know of her would be
more than I think anybody could believe
er even understand, and when I hope to
have her well apain with me it would be
sinning against her feelings to go about
to praise her. She Is older and wiser and
better than I. and all my wretched Imper
fections I cover to myself by resolutely
thinking on her goodness. She woulJ
share life and death, heaven and hell,
with me. She lives but for me. and I
Know I have been wasting and teasing
her life for five years past incessantly
with my curs*d ways of going on." Here
Charles Lamb touches the keynote of the
tragedy. His intemperate habits grieved
his sister to the heart, and. much as they
loved one another, their "dual loneliness
had a bad effect upon both. When Mary's
"poor moythered wits" were clearest she
was filled with apprehension of returning
attacks and fearful lest such strain
would finally unbalance her brother's
mind and force him to some rash act.
When Charles, on the other hand, saw her
malady Increased by worrying over him
be would become nervous, irritable, re
morseful, intoxicated, and thus hasten the
return of the attack which they dreaded.
He died many years before hi.s sister.
whose mind was by that time so greatly
shattered that she was spared the shock
of his death and lived on peacefully, re
calling only the happy part of the past.
The tragic existence of . this famous
brother and sister would not now be re
membered were it not for their literary
work, which perpetuated their united per
sonality. Cnarles Lamb will ever be re
membered for his essays, full of tender
ness, delicacy, pathos and quaint sur
prises and for the high value of his criti
cal faculty. His "Essay on the Genius of
Hogarth" is by many considered th»
finest critical paper in the English tongue.
And Mary will not be forgotten because of
her collaboration with her brother In th©
"Tales from Shakespeare." which have
delighted so many generations of chil
dren.
Godwin, the publisher, suggested that
Mary Lamb undertake this work, but she
did not feel herself worthy until her
brother swore that she had supplied all
the ideas he ever had. So they accom
plished it together. Charles wrestling
with the tragedies, while Mary took the
more fantastic or humorous plays, and
right bravely did she acquit herself. Can
ycu imagine more tragic effort at com
edy than this family presented when you
consider the blackness into which Charles
Lamb dipped his pen that he might write
jokes (with tears on his face) for his half
mad sister, while she. faithful afflicted
soul, in her moments of sanity was try
ing to make the humor of Shakespeare
palatable to children? Both were so sat
urated in Elizabethan diction that it was
a peculiarly easy task for them when they
could not use the great poet's exact word-
Ing, as they frequently did, to approxi
mate It closely from their own vocabu
lary.
It la good to think that this venture
landed them financially away above their
simple necessities, so that in their old age
they enjoyed to the full the luxury of
giving. After Charles had passed away it
was his aged slater's delight to keep up
the pensions to needy friends in which
they had taken such pleasure. In her last
years she, too, was pensioned by loving
friends, but the nature of her infirmity
mercifully spared her that knowledge.
Happily and peacefully she was laid to
rest beside her brother. Like Caroline
Herschel, she had lived in her brother's
Interest, but Caroline Herschel's self-ef
facement was scientific serfdom, while
Mary Lamb's was full partnership In a
life of tragedy and self-sacrifice.
It is interesting to know that Mary
Lamb's Shakespearean labors did. not end
with her collaboration with her brother.
Among the children whom ehe taught
with the little Emma Isola. whose adop
tion brightened the sadness of the Lamb
household, were Hazlltt's son and Mary
Victoria Novello. This little girl became
Mary Cowden Clark, whose "Concord
ance" of Shakespeare first took shape in
her mind when she listened to her gentle
teacher's reading of the manuscript of
the "Tales." For this reason Elbert Hub
bard calls Mary Lamb "the grandmother"
of the Justly famous "Concordance."
weeks, for which he demanded $5000 dam
ages. Judge Hunt, however, said that
the only person he could find who was en
titled to damages for heart disease was
the landlord and judgment was rendered
accordingly.
Witnesses are willing to testify that at
the time Soher was carrying on the liti
gation with the proprietor of the Hotel
Francisco he was a constant visitor at
the track. Not long since he was Been
with $5000 in a leather bag, which was tha
cynosure of the eyes' of two burly body
guards, going the rounds of the pool boxes
at Tanforan. With the passing hours,
however, the use of the bodyguards waned
and the end of a day saw them dismissed
and the leather sack empty.
Practically Disinherited.
Practically disinherited by his father,
and only coming into possession of the
funds which he has squandered at the
track and at the downtown pollrooms
through "4he kindness of his brothers and
sisters, it is difficult to understand the
inlluences that led Adolph Soher to be
come an embezzler. His case stands out
as the mo&t startling evidence of the evil
influence of the racetrack and kindred
fleecing agencies. The manner in which
the funds of his dead father came into
his possession is strange.
Lewis Soher, a man well known in the
business world, died September 22, 18S7,
leaving an estate valued at over 575,000.
In a will bearing date of MXirch 16, 18S5,
he made specitic bequests to his widow,
Celia A. Soher, and to his children, Caro
line Iversen, Adeline F. Holt, Louisa
Hunt and Adolph. Emlle, Merlam, Jo
seph Augustus and Henry Soher. Adolph
was given but $500, his father stating
that at the time of his son's marriage he
had given him $1000. Adolph Soher, how
ever, was included In the will among the
residuary legatees, but in a codicil dated
April 29. ISMi, he was precluded from
sharing in the residue of the estate by
reason, his father said, of his conduct
toward his parents. Upon the filing of
the will Adolph immediately filed a
contest to the codicil, but he met defeat
in his efforts to have the same declared
null and void. While the matter was
pending on appeal, however, a compromise
was f-ffected and the contest was dismiss
ed. Decedent's widow, Celia A. Suher,
and T. K. Wilson, who were named in
decedent's will as executrix and executor,
then continued in the even tenor of the
settlement of the estate.
In May of ISS9 Celia A. Soher died, and
in December of 1800 Mr. Wilson resigned
his trust. Adolph Soher and his brother,
Emlle Soher, forthwith tiled application
for letters of administration upon the es
tate and, in the absence of opposition to
Adolph, notwithstanding the fact that his
father distrusted him and practically dis
inherited him, the court granted the ap
plication, and Adolph and Emile entered
upon the trust. A bond of $11,000 was ex
acted from them by the court, but this
was subsequently reduced to $2500. On
this bond the names of S. F. Long of chis
city, Bon K. Thorn. Mrs. Soher's father,
and Louisa Hunt, the embezzler's sister,
appeared as sureties. Subsequently Mrs.
Hunt applied to Judge Troutt to release
her from further liability on the bond,
and in view of the standing of the other
two sureties the court granted her appli
cation.
Sells Estate Property.
Xot long after their appointment
Adolph and Emile Soher applied to the
court for leave to sell the real property
belonging to the estate. The court grant
ed the order, but first ordered that the ex
ecutors produce a bond each, holdln;r
their sureties liable for double the sum
that would come into their possession
through the sale of the property. The
American Surety Company of New York
qualified on Adolph's bond and Emlle pro
duced a bond qualified upon by another
company.
The property was sold and the return
showed that Adolph retained in his pos
session, after the payment of all expenses.
commiFsions and a few small legacies, the
sum of $22,515 30. Emlle Soher, his co-ad
ministrator, retained a like sum. Adolph
deposited the funds which came into his*
possession with the California Bank. This
has all been drawn out and next Wednes
day, when Judge Troutt calls up the mat
ter of the settlement of the final account
of the administrators of the late Lewis
Soher, there will be no answer from at
least one executor, but those to whom he
is responsible will answer for him and file
action apainst the American Surety Com
pany of New York to recover the sum of
his peculations.
Attorney J. C. McKee, 230 Montgomery
street, who has represented the fugitive
during the past five years, manifested but
little surprise when ho learned yesterday
that his client had fled the State.
Soher's Attorney Not Surprised.
"The fact that he has left the city adds
but one additional point to an ofttold
etnrv, and that one point is that he has
left "the city." said Mr. McKee. "Some
time ago various parties interested in the
estate told me that he was leading a fast
life at the racetrack and I warned him
that if such stories reached the ears of
the managers of the American Surety
Company he would find himself without a
bondsman. He continually denied the
Btories, but finally D. I. Mahoney, who
coolie labor and do not intend to." —
.Claus Spreckels in an interview last
evening with a representative of The
!-,„!!
ual1 * r
A few days ago a man signing himself
"A. R. Johnson" addressed a letter to the
San Francisco Labor Council stating that
there were 150 Japs on the Belgian King
consigned to the Claus Spreckels sugar
mill at Salinas. He appeared before the
council last night and made an indecent
spectacle of himself.
Before he finished a more or less dis-
jointed harangue he succeeded in con-
vincing the members that he was a dan-
gerous thing to be at large. He said hl3
He had signed a tictitlous name to his
communication because he was afraid he
would otherwise lose his position if it be-
Sf^S?? 11 ** *"* ""** """^ rCCkIeS3
According to his statement, on the trip
over he charged one of the coolies aboard
with being consigned to the Salinas sugar
hp" k. c. knew In EnS
£ a ° 8bl!?£S:»8 bl!?£S:» [ndermin at SnTe conceived
the idea that he could gain notoriety by
making his ridiculous assertion to the La
bor Council.
Claus Spreckels' answer, printed above,
is sufficient to brand the fellow as a faker.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
STUDIES FOR GIRLS : MARY ANN LAMB.
Copyright, 1900, by Seymour Eaton.
BIOGRAPHICAL STUDIES FOR GIRLS.
EASTER MUSIC.
ST. PATRICK'S— SoIemn high mass will be
celebrated at 11 o'clock. A select musical
programme ha* been prepared, and an aug
mented choir will render Gounod's "St. Cecilia
Mass," with organ and orchestral accompani
ment. The soloists are:
The soloists. Miss Etta Welch. Mls»
Gen<vi.ve Sullivan, John O'Brien and L.
A. Larwn, will be assisted by a large
chorus composed of the following ladles
and gentlemen:
Sopranos— Misses Nonle Sullivan. Fran
ces Hnusman, Marie Bernard, Clair Mad-
Idtn, Kate McCormack. Ella Cronin,
Mary McDermot, Delia McDermot. Mollie
Clover. Agatha Glover, Mary Anthony.
M.ir: :.- Anthony. Kate Robinson. Cella
F*enjr. S!ay Syne, Alix Blanchard. Kate
Cusaok, Loreu Brady, M. McOlnity, K.
Turner, L. Sullivan. M. Kindergen, L..
Fuller. C. Brown, M. Donegan. Altos—
Misj-ets L.t!'»e Byrne, K. Fuller, Gertie
Cronin. Gertie McCarthy. L.. Irvine.
Tenors— Thomas O'Brien. Maurice Corrl
dan. John Gri:tln, James Lamey, Thomas
Lamey. A. Kudolphus, Bernard Boylan.
Bassos— A. J. Dickson, John O'Brien,
Jam*-* O'Brien. David Barry, William
Fitzgerald. Frank Uudol^hus, Fred
Munnr.a. Conductor. Curt C. Davis; or
gar.iM. Mis* Marie Short.
At the offertory Lamblllotte'i "Alle
luia" will be sung.
In the evening vespers will be sung by
the male choir.
SACRED HEART— At 11 o'clock solemn high
mass will be celebrated by Rev. Father
'- •-¦¦¦ . celebrant; Father Bryne, deacon;
IVther Oillen, cub-deacon. and Father Cantil
liun. masu-r of ceremonies. The sermon will be
delivered iy Rev. Father Cantllllon.
An augmented choir, consisting of Mk. Me-
Glade and Miss Celia Zimmen. sopranos; MifS
May fchanr.un. Miss May O'Brien and Miss
Agnes Bt-rg:n. altc*; G. Blum and Joseph
Hickey. tenors, and Robert Bonner and Will
CuKhlan. bassos, will 6ing Gloria's mass
At the offertory Mrs. McGlade and Miss Shan
non will sing B^uruann's "Itegina Coell."
Man will be followed by benediction of the
b;et*ed tacrament. when Rossini's "O Salu
taris" and Rossi's "Tantum Ergo" will be
rung. Thomas P. Nowlaa will preside at the
ST. JOHN'S— Scleran high mass will be ming
at 10:30 o'clock, with Rev. Father Brady
celebrant.
Rosewig's "Macs In G" will be sung by the
following choir: Sopranos. Miss Mary Schmltx
and Mis? Julia White; altos. Miss Agnes Brown
and Miss Katie Kehoe; tenors. Thomas Brady
and Frank M<racher; bassos. Timothy O'Brien
end James Sullivan. At the offertory Webbe's
"llegini Coeli" will be sung by Mles Mary
Pchmitr and Timothy O'Brien. Katie E. Supple,
organist.
HOLT CROSS— Solemn high mass will be
celebrated. An elaborate programme has
b«en prepared for the occasion. Gounod's
ir.ass and Weber's comiwsitlons will be ren
dered. At the offertory "Regina Coeli" will
t«r sunr with violin obiigato by Miss L. Kav
cnaugh.
Solemn vespers will be read at 7:30 p. m.
At solemn benediction the duet. "Tantum
Ergo." will be sung by Miss G v Frost and H.
W Brown. Mis* E. McCloskey will render the
**O SaJutaris." Following is the choir:
Sopranos— Mlbs Q. Frost, Miss J. Cotte.
MUs Daganals; altos— Miss E. McClos
key. Mis? Wilbur. Miss McClellan: ten
ors— B. Barronda, W. O'Brien; bassos—
M. Perron. H. Richards.
Unitarian.
FITIFT UNITARIAN— The services at this
church will be especially impressive on
Ea.ster morning. Rev. Bradlurd Leavitt,
minister of the church, and Rev. Horatio Steb-
Wns D.D.. minister emeritus, will conduct the
tervices. The following programme will be
rendered:
MORNING.
Orean r^e'.ude, (a) "Cantilene," (b) "Grand
Choeur" Th. Dubois
IJoxolozy.
{= rirture reading Old Testament
Anthem. * - At the Rising of the Bun"
C W. Coombs
AHo and f>nor solo and quartet.
Scripture reading New Testament
•¦Adagio l'athetique," Op. 12S B. Uodard
Violoncello and oreran.
Responsive reading Minister and people
• til ria" Tours
Anthem. "The Eafter Dawn" Dressier
Bass* and texur tolos and quartet.
Canticle of Remembrance Minister and choir
Prayer.
"Andante BeUcloM.*' c»i>- 70 Thome
Violoncello and organ.
Hymn 437. "ilamah" Rossini
Uflftrtory. (a) R*o:t.. "Now I« Christ Risen."
(b) Air.. •Behold. I Show You a Mys
tery' ' Shepard
Sor>rano solo.
Sermon.
Anthem.
"Awake. Thou That Sleepest" Foote
Soprano and bass solos and quartet.
Hyr.::-. «tl. "MtoslooarT Hymn" Dr. L. Mason
Benediction.
Orpan P'^tlude, "Alleluia" Dubois
Church choir: MiM Eva C. Shorey. so
prani*: Miss Sybil Conklin. alto: F. C.
Manchester, tenor; John C. Hughes,
ba*s. assisted try Arthur Weiss, violon
cellist; H. Bretherick, organist and di
rector.
SECOND UNITARIAN— At 11 a.m. the new
rartor, the Rev. E. M. S. Hodgln, will
preach his first sermon In this city: sub
ject. "The ISafis ct Hope." A special Easter
musical programme will be rendered as fol
1<" WS '
Eastern anthem. "Awake. Thou That Fleep
*?*•• Goodrich
"Siciliana" — Maecagnl
Olio solo by William "Wertsch.
• 'Intermt zro" Mascagnl
For violin, cello, piano and organ.
Soprano bolo. "I Will Extol Thee" Costa
With orchestral accompaniment by Miss
Emily Ccleman.
At 7:45 r- m. the subject of Rev. Mr.
Hfdein's evening sermon is "Am I Mjr
Brother's Keeper?"
Other Denominations.
T-4IRST ENGLISH LUTHKRAN— The first
¦p* of the Easter day services will berln
promptly at 8:45 o'clock and will be a
service expressly for children. In this service
the gir'.s* vested cho'.r will lead the praise and
ritual music and th« hymns and will sing a
number of Easter carols. Following Is the
programme of the service:
morning.
Sermon, "The Resurrection of Christ as a
Practical Force."
Tte-ept'.on of members and communion.
Anthem "O Day of Love Eternal' ¦....Bartlett
Anthem! "I Know That My Redeemer
Llv«?th" Mee- Paulson
Anthem. "Lord Jesus Thou to All" ("The
Redemption")
Offertory anthem. "Archangels, Fold Tour
Wings' ' Marston
Communion anthem. "Bread of the World g uck
Hymns 2C1. 266, 235 and 329.
EVENING.
TM* service will be a continuation of our
Fa-'" Tilebratlon and will Include special
Ea.ter mu*lc. The regular order of evening
¦i^rv'r-e will be followed.
Sermon. "The Fact of Chrlsf. Resurrection
Established."
•Prtiirwirr are tbe member* of the rlrls'
v££d Tina Goldstein. Lottie Goldstein,
wmmmm
The Vaccaris Convalescent.
TV.rd «u received In thl. city Hut
and kft yesterday for Europe.
On Sundays steamer Uklah will leave
Tiburon ferry for El Caxnpo at 1 p. m. *
ALMA STENCEL, WHOSE TALENT HAS BEEN APPLAUDED
ALMA STENCEL, a- 12-year-old pianist, will give her farewell recital at Sher
man, Clay & Co.'s Hall on Thursday evening, April 26. She will be as
sisted by Armand Solomon, with selections on the violin, and Louis yon
der Mehden Jr., cellist. Miss Stencel is about to make her departure for
the East, where she will continue to develop her wonderful talent, and this re
cital will be the last one she will be able to give In this city for som© time.
Alma Stencel is a pupil of Hugo Mansfeldt. Her teacher is convinced that she
possesses every qualification that is to be found in the greatest pianists of the
present age, and his opinion has been indorsed by the leading musicians who have
visited this city. Paderewski, after hearing the child play one piece, insisted that
she go through the entire programme which has been scheduled for the publio
at her farewell recital. He spoke enthusiastically of her beautiful expression and
tone production and of her remarkable technique.
Little Alma was proclaimed "the remarkable genius of the century" by Vlad
imir de Pachmann, and a great future has been predicted for her by Rosenthal,
Saver, Scharwenka and lime. Carreno. The proceeds of the recital will assist the
child in continuing her study and every effort should be made that It may be a
financial success.
Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen's Foot-Eas*. a powder. It makes tight or
new shoes feel easy. Cure* Corns. Bunions.
Swollen. Tired. Sweating, Achlns Fe«t. 30.0W
testimonials. At all druggists and «ho« stores.
2Se. Ask to-day. Sample FREE. Addres* Al
len S. Olmsted. Le Roy. N. T.
Masonic Courtesy.
Commandery Hall in the Masonic Tem
ple was crowded last night by members
of Golden Gate and California command
eries to witness the officers of the Golden
Gate confer the order of the Temple on
one candidate. This was followed by the
officers of California Commandery con
ferring the order of Malta. After the cer
emonies there were eloquent addresses by
Sir Knight J. F. Merrill, grand command
er- Sir Knight Coleman, grand treasurer,
and Dr. R. Beverly Cole, past commander
of California Commandery. The speeches
were on the line of the bright example of
fraternity in one commandery doing work
for the other.
FAREWELL RECITAL
OF CHILD PIANIST
Ladies' $3 50 kid lace shoes for $2 25 a
pair at the Bee Hive Shoe C 0. ,717 Market.*
In Japan most of the horses are shod
with straw. Even the clumsiest of cart-
horses wear straw shoes, which, in their
ca=es, are tied around the ankle with
straw rope, and are made of the ordinary-
rice straw, braided so as to form a sole
for the foot half an Inch thick.
DISQUALIFIED AFTER
WINNING AT 100 TO 1.
MEMPHIS, Term.. April 13.— The feature
of the day at Montgomery Park was the
victory and disqualification ofClara Mead
er in the fifth race, a selling affair, at a
mile and an 'eighth, for which Crocket
and Jimp were favorites. Clara Meader
was held at 100 to 1 In the betting and
lasted long enough to win by a neck from
Jimp. The judges disqualified the filly,
I she having fouled Jimp in the run home.
The Exile, filly Winter was backed for
a "killing" in the first race. She opened
at 30 to 1. but at the close fives were the
best offered. Pauline- J, the favorite,
made the running to the last sixteenth
pole, where Winter came through and
won by a length. The track was fast.
Results:
i Six furlongs, selling— Winter won, Pauline J
! second. Belle of Erin third. Time. 1:16%.
I Four and one-half furlongs— Farmer Bennett
I won. Sard second, Gawayne third. Time, :08.
I One mile, purse— Larkspur won. Nellie Prince
> second Tigress third. Time, IM3*».
! One mile? the Country Club-Ed Tlpton won.
1 Duke of Baden second, Cherryieaf third. Time,
One and one-eiKhth miles, selling— Jimp won.
Freak second. Crocket third. Time, l:o«*j.
Clara Header finished first, but was disquali
fied-for fouling. _„_
Six furlongs, selling— Alpaca won, Tildy Ann
second, Trombone, third. Time, 1:16.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— Results at
Bennings:
Purse, five* furlongs— Revonah won. Lady
Llndsey second, Jamaica third. Time. 1:04.
Purse four and one-half furlonps— Lambkin
won. Gracious second, Light Ball third. Time,
Selling, purse, six and one-half furlongs-
Robert Metcalf won, Owensboro second, Double
Dummy third. Time. 1:25 3-5.
Purse seven furlonrn— Post Haete won, O B
Wtehtman second, Grandeur third. Time,
Handicap, seven furlongs— First Whip won.
Brisk second. Sir Fltzhush third. Time,
1:31 2-5. -..----: ¦¦• ¦
matter and has made the following state
ment:
"As for Jare Kan, who you say went to
China to open in Hongkong an agency for
the importation of Chinese to this country.
It is true he and I were friendly, but be
yond that there was nothing between us.
He did go to Hongkong as stated, and as
far as I know is there yet. He went as
an agent for a transportation company,
but if also for any other purpose I do not
know it. I made inquiries at the office of
the transportation company and find that
Jare Kan's contract with it has expired.
P'urther than this I know nothing of thia
whole matter.
"The attack in The Call came as a
thunderbolt from a clear sky. I know of
no occurrences naturally leading to it,' nor
any motive for the publication. I pro
nounce it malicious, untruthful, vindic
tive and libelous. There has been noth
ing in my administration of the Chinese
business which can justly subject me to
either criticism or reproach. My course
in Chinese cases has in every instance
been fully justified by the law and the tes
timony In the case. I do not personally
examine Chinese applicants or their wit
nesses; all that is done in the Chinese
Bureau, where are seventeen persons em
ployed for that purpose. The majority ot
the Chinese inspectors are gentlemen sent
here by the department from other parts
of the linked States; skilled in their busi
ness, honest and capable. They make the
examinations in these cases and report the
testimony to me, together with their sum
ming up of any contrarltles, contradic
tions or inconsistencies in the testimony.
Upon this record I decide the cases, apply
ing the law to the circumstances as de
tailed by the Chinese Bureau.
"I may say here that 'returning labor
ers' need no examination under the law.
They are admitted upon the return permit,
which is given to them when they leave,
without further examination. 'Returning
merchants' need two white witnesses to
testify to the integrity of their claim. The
five classes of Chinese named in the
treaty coming here for the first time need
what Is known as a section 6 certificate,
to be obtained in China from their own
Government and vised by the United
States Consul at the port where the cer
tificate is obtained. Under the law these
certificates are not required to be In the
English language, but may be in the lan
guage of the country of which the appli
cant Is a subject. I have, however. In
sisted In all cases that an English trans
lation shall accompany, the certificate
when in a foreign language.
"The figures given in The Call's ar
ticle are erroneous. In that they con
vey the impression that all persons
arriving and admitted at this port
are first visits. The fact is that a
great majority of them are simply re
turning merchants and laborers, who
have a right to come and go as they please
under the law. Also, the fact is, that dur
ing my administration during the past
three years I have admitted fewer Chi
nese at this port than have departed
therefrom in each and every uno of the
three years. .-7
"As to returning merchants and labor
ers I have no discretion which permits
me to refuse them a landing when they
demand it under the law. No laborers
whatever are admitted any longer for the
first time.
"Coming now to the subject of 'native
born* Chinese, it Is objected in the article
that I accept Chinese testimony. I am
compelled to do so under the law; the
United States courts having decided that
such is proper testimony, and the depart
ment having ruled in the following words:
"The uncontradicted testimony of Chinese
witnesses as to birth of laborers In the
United States Bhould not be rejected.'
This is the ruling of the Secretary of the
Treasury, issued to me May 24, IS9S, and
is printed for the government of all Col
lectors In the United States..
"It Is very difficult to meet with serious
argument, Invidious .reflections, malevo
lent Innuendoes, unfounded inferences and
baseless conclusions mingled promiscu
ously in this article. I can only answer
generally that the Chinese business has
been conducted here honestly, impartially,
regularly and according to law and the
rules of the department.
"I challenge Investigation into each and
every transaction, down to the minutest
detail; and the man who charges me with
any sinister purpose, sordid motive, per
sonal Interest or partiality to any lawyer
or any Chinaman or any other person,
tells what Is basely false. It is an accept
ed maxim In the Custom-house that no
man has ever had anything to do with
the Chinese business but that sooner or
later he would be smirched with false ac
cusations and baseless rumore against
him.
"I suppose, therefore, that I should ac
cept this attack after three years of un
crfticlzed service as my share of personal
sacrifice In the cause. I shall not, how
ever, rest passively under such an un
called-for attack, but propose to ascertain
and hold responsible the parties, whoever
they may be, interested in making It."
In Interviews given to other newspapers
Colonel Jackson accused the manager of
The Call of an attempt to Injure the Re
publican party by the expose of the Chi
nese ring. Perhaps Colonel Jackspn does
not yet appreciate the seriousness of the
Injury he has Inflicted upon the Republi
can party by being responsible for the
landing of 3000 coolies who are now legal
ly native-born citizens of the United
States, and «s well qualified as Collector
Jackson, utt't the law, to vote.
of the United States declares that for
every "merchant" there may be a "mer
chant's" wife.
The Chinese, ever on the lookout, were
quick to see their tremendous advantage
and quick to seize It. Meetings of the
local slave dealers were held at once, and
it was decided to send an agent to Hong
kong to arrange for the wholesale im
portation of "merchants' wives." If it is
easy to run a "merchant" past the bar
riers, it will be quite as easy to put the
wives through, and the profit, which is
now already great, will be enormous.
At the meeting held In this city Lucy
Kwong, the notorious and wealthy leader
of the slave dealers, was the presiding
spirit, and he decided that Lee Chee, in
terpreter en the Japanese line of steam
ers plying between this port and the
Orient, should go to Hongkong to begin
the dreadful traffic that shall further out
rage the people of this city. Lee Chee
left this city on the first day of this
month on the steamer Hongkong Maru.
He is to be the pioneer in the slave trade
of new San- Francisco.
Ho Vow, the Chinese Consul General in
this city, is sadly disturbed over the ex
pose made by The Call and he promises
that if his efforts will avail he will Induce
his Government to make an Inquiry, par
ticularly in reference to the remarkable
fact and, what he admits to be, extremely
suspicious circumstance that a great ma
jority of the "native sons" entering this
port claim to have departed before June
6, ISS2. Ho Vow denies, however, that he
has in any way been a party, to the gross
frauds which The Call has exposed. He
says that as the representative of his
Government in this city he has done and
will do his best to serve the interests of
his countrymen, but that he will neither
do anything nor countenance anything In
violation of the laws of this country.
"I am very sorry," he said last night,
"that I am accused of being a part of
the conspiracy to land Chinese In this city,
as I have had nothing whatever to do
with it. It is true that I know most of
the gentlemen mentioned,' but our rela
tions have not been dishonorable I assure
you. I met Arthur Spear In Washington
and entertained him. He is th"c son of
the Surveyor of the Port, you konw, and a
nice young gentleman. When I came
here he entertained me and our relationa
naturally are very cordial.
"It was he who introduced me to Mr.
Pippy, and I admit we did play poker at
the Union League Club. But our games
were for small amounts and I did not lose
much. It was a trifling matter. We
playedoccasionally until the club decided
that poker should ;ho longer be played In
the rooms. Then we went to the Occi
dental Hotel and played— let me .see— it
was not poker, but a new game, the name
of which I really cannot remember."
The Consul sighed, Bmlled and contin
ued: * .
"The employment of Mr. Pippy as attor
ney by the Chinese is really an interesting
thing. You know, the Chinese are a pecu
liar people. They value nothing like suc
cess. When a lawyer loses a case for
them they g.o to another who can win, and
in the landing of Chinese Mr. Pippy has
been very successful. Really I could not
tell the reason why ho has been more
successful than others, but the fact .re
mains that he has been.
"The Call has done me an injustice In
saying that I gave orders that no more
Chinese were to be landed— l mean those
that came on the China. I have no doubt
that the attorneys held conferences, as The
Call stated, but I had nothing to do with
them. I was engaged in some festivities
and paid no attention to the matter.
"You ask me if I do not think
it a very suspicious circumstance that
the great majority of Chinese claim
ing admission here as native-born
citizens declare that they left San
Francisco before June 6, 1882P I
certainly do think it suspicious, and
if my efforts will avail my Govern
ment shall make a strict inquiry into
the matter. I cannot understand it
and have only a supposition upon
which to offer an explanation.
"When the Chinese registration
act went into operation in 1894 many
of the Chinese, fearful of an innova
tion which they did not understand,
fled from the country. I suppose,
and, mind you, It is only a supposi
tion, many of them are now return
ing by the native son route.
Collector of the Port Colonel John P.
Jackson also desired to be heard Jn the
represents Emlle Soher. told me that my
client was losing large sums of money at
th "In r the'face of my client's denial I was
loth to belleVe the stories, but if it is a
fact that he has fled the city a basis for
the same must have existed. Some time
ago a petition to remove my client as ad
ministrator was made by the heirs of the
estate on the ground that he was mis
managing the estate, but the court held
that the charges were without basis. He
has since managed the estate well to the
best of my knowledge, and the assertion
that he has disappeared with all of the
funds in his charge seems incredible, but
that he had free access to the same can
not be denied "
Adolph Was Intractable.
Emile Soher. Co-administrator of the es
tate, said that he did not care to go Into
a detailed history of the litigation.
"We have had a great deal of trouble
over the property left by my father,'
he said, "and my brother Adolpn has been
responsible for it all. Adolph has been
fighting us all, and it was only lately that
he agreed to a settlement of the affair.
We expected to get the matter all settled
up by "the 20th of this month, but when
the end will come now I cannot tell."
James R. Oarniss. manager of the surety
company, expressed the opinion that the
corporation would take steps to apprehend
the fugitive and to try and prove that he
was an embezzler. "But what Is the use?
he added. "We may prove that he is an
embezzler, but if he has no funds there
will be little satisfaction in such a pro
ceeding for us. They are falling like the
leaves of autumn, and there seems to be
no help for them or vs — no way to stop
this common crime, embezzlement."
CONSTERNATION SEIZES THE
MEMBERS OF THE CHINESE RING
(Continued From First Page.)
"The assertion made before the
San Francisco Labor Council by a
party named E. T. Indermill to the
effect that Japanese coolie labor was
being imported to work at the Salinas
sugar mill is a falsehood, pure and
simple, made of whole cloth. I never
heard of this man and cannot imag
ine what motive he had in making
such a statement. White labor is
good enough for me and always has
been. I have never imported any
Claus Spreckels Emphatically Denies the Ridicu
lous Assertions of an Irresponsible Faker.
DOES NOT IMPORT COOLIE LABOR.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL. 14, 1900.
EMBEZZLES TRUST
FUNDS FOR RACE
TRACK GAMBLING
Continued from First Page
9
MARY ANN LAMB.
CHARLES LAMB.
From a drawing In the British Mu
seum by G. F. Joseph, A. R. A.NEW YORK, April IS.— Bradstreet' s Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Last . week de
veloped a tendency on the part of the railroad
etock list and leading Industrial stocks to move
with more or less Independence of each other.
In the present week this has become much more
pronounced, decided buying strength In cer
tain active railroad stocks falling to check the
heavy liquidation In the steel stocks, while the
latter movement seems to have little relation
to developments in other parts of the market.
The local traction group also contributed to the
Irregularity of the situation by developing a
NEW YORK, April 13.— The following table.
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank dear
j ings at principal cities for the week ended
April 12. 1900. with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
Percentages.
Cities— Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,216,297,914 .... 17.1
Boston , 126,774,329 .... 12.6
Chicago 131.iKt9.154 4.8
I'htladelphia 5J.49y.039 .... 8.4
St. Louis 35.371.557 2.5
PitUburg 25.f55.254 .... 1.0
1 Baltlmoie 26.725.115 6.0
i Kan Francisco 15,039.9;9 1.4 ....
Cincinnati 15.191.000 15.7
Kansas City. 15,625.361 31.6 ,
New Orleans 5.?5>3.550 3.0 ....
Minneapolis 9.6 M.256 17.7
Detroit 7.713.6240
Cleveland 10.717.322 ....
Louisville 8,200.002 .... J. 9
Providence 7.645.400 11.6
Milwaukee 6,470,697 17.7 ....
St Paul 4.267.958 11.4
Buffalo 4.538.205 1.6 ....
Omaha 6,370,659 47.8
i Indianapolis 6,876,628 10.8
Columbus, 0 4,857,100
Savannah 3,908,469 96.3 ....
Denver 3.859,91S 42.5 ....
Hartford 2,635,973 .... 11.0
Richmond 3,937.111 83.3
Memphis 2.5%,675 88.3
Washington 2.832,126 .... 1.8
Peoria 2.007,120 IS.I
Rochester 1.982.796 1.7
New Haven 1,440.606 .... 31.9
•Worcester 1.328.606 .... 25.6
Atlanta 1,819.608 6.8
Salt Lake City 2.832,612 67.6
I Spriturneid. Mass... 1,414.739 55.0
1 Fort Worth L 710.817 6.4 ....
Portland, Me L 822.757 .... 14.6
Portland, Or 2,004,536 21.6 ....
St. Joseph 4,331.142 69.4
Los Angeles 2.6U.055 32.9
Norfolk 1.501,369 52.0
Syracuse 1.039.956 1.6
Dcs Molr.es 1.31:0,213 .... 14.0
Nashville 1,581.171 26.9
Wilmington, Del... 859.542 4.4
Fall River 723.C4J .... 18.0
6cranton 1.2C0.394 29.8
Grand Rapids 1.134.451 1.4 ....
Augusta. Ga 945.584 27.0 ....
Lowell 665,958 .... 25.3
Dayton. 0 1.467.186 59.0
Seattle 1,982.747 / 28.8
Tacoma 1.558,838 141.1
Spokane 1.111,108 4.6
Bioux City 1,311.835 27.3
New Bedford . 468.004 28.9
Knoxviile, Term.... 655.673 4.6 ....
Topeka 631.118 87.7 ....
Birmingham 817.551 25.1 ....
Wichita 687,041 27.4
Binichamton 408.900 T6.9
Lexington, Ky 236,954 .... 14.7
Jacksonville. Fla... 296,906 26.4
Kalamazoo 484,942 ' 45.4
Akron. 0 475,200
Chattanooga 395,103 25.7 ....
Rockford. 11l 294.180 20.1
Canton, 0 259.000 6.0 ....
F{.ringfleld. O EC)?, 222 4.8
FarßO. N. D 305.664 10.1
gioux Falls. S. D... 229.275 69.7
Hastings, Nebr 159.784 42.7 ....
Fremont, Nebr 127,410 3.0 ....
l>avenport 937,817 23.6 ....
Toledo 2.074,109 26.0
Galveston 8.529.000 1.0 ....
Houston 6,098.480 16.7
Kvansvllle 1,022.078 23.1 ....
Youngstown 440.211 34.0 ....
Macon 631,000 J.I ....
Helena 600.110 4D.5
Springfield, 111 496,891 50.3
Little Rock 617. »44 17.6
Totals U. S $1,875,425,605 ~ lT«
Totals outside N. V 639.127. 6J1 O.T
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $13,047,061
Toronto 10.354.148 S.t
Winnipeg 1.824.5C6 10.8 ....
Halifax 1,603.617 24.8
Hamilton BCS.C6O ».«
St. John, N. B 600.124
Vancouver 916.830 .... ¦ \.\
Victoria 617.052 .... 86.2
Totals $29,681,728 77T7 "iTS
Butter, Eggs and Cheese stand about the
came as last week.
A further advance In Hams and Bacon Is
expected.
Poultry has been rather scarce and higher
this week, though the change in prices Is small.
I Mutton and Lamb are cheaper.
Fruits and Vegetables show no changes
worthy of note. Oranges have been In smaller
supply than for a long time. Strawberries are
still comparatively dear. A few Blackberries
! *re cominj in and several small lots of Rasp
berries have been received.
Coal, t>er ton —
Cannel $ ©13 00
Wellington .. @10 00
New Welling
ton ©10 00
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, per 5qr... 33040
Do, per roll Soy-
Cheese. Cal 10^12
! Cheese, Eastern. ..l74J2-)
Cheeee, Swiss 20033
Common Eggs 15Q— <
Meats, per lb—
Bacon 12017
Beef, ch0ice........ 13© 20
Do. good 10fil»
Corned Beef —010
Ham. Cal 150— ;
Do, Eastern. ..l7V4® —
Lard 124*1!
Mutton 10012;
Spring Lamb 12015J
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 600-85
Young Roosters, <
each 75090
Old Roosters. ea..fis'a"3
Fryers, each <Kfo7s
Broilers, each 50060
Turkeys, per Ib...ls<fr2>>
Ducks, each 65c051!
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, per 1b.. 15020
Apples 5® f
Bananas, dozen... 105s 15
Oranges, dozen — 10®35
Lemons, d0zen.. ..10020
Vegetables—
Artichokes, d0z. ..30060,
Asparagus, per lb. 4013 j
Beets, dozen 12015
Beans, white, lb.. 50—
Colored, per lb.. 4® 5
Lima, per 1b....— @ 8
Cabbage, each 6010
Cauliflowers, each 5010)
Celery, bunch 6®—
Cress, doz b-ichs..2o®3s
Cucumbers, per dz.si4i2
EKg Plant, It) 12tf?20
Green Peas, 1b.... 80 6.
Lentils, per 1b.... fr&i 8
Lettuce, per d0z. .150— 1
Fish-
Barracuda H>@—
Carp U&—
Codfish —015
Flounders 12*r—
Halibut 29<i£—
Kintfilsh — «*1»
Mackerel — @ —
Do, Horse — 0 —
Perch 15020
Pompano — © —
Rockflsh 150—
Salmon, fresh 10020!
Do. smoked — 020
Shrimps — 0—
Seattle $3 500
Southfleld
Wellington .. 9 50
Coob Bay ©7 50
Ranch Eggs, per
dozen 17020
Honey Comb, per
pound 12015
Do, extracted...— olo
Pork, fresh 13020
Pork, Fait 12^15
Pork Chops 15(^18
Round Steak lOttlZ
ifc'lrloin Steak...... 15©—
I Porterhouse d 0. . ..20*925
[Smoked Beef 12®1.i
'Pork Sausages. .l2V»#2o
|Veal 150—
Geese, each...sl 2502 50
Pigeons, pair 40<g50
Rabbits, pair 40U50
Hare, each — 02J
Wild Geese, pair.. 40069
English Snip?,
per dozen... .s3 0003 23
!Jack Snipe.... 1 7502 00
Limes, per dozen. 12015
Raisins, per 1b.... 6010
Strawberries, per
drawer S5{?S5
Walnuts, per 1b...— 015
.Onions, per 1b.... 3© 5
Okra. dry, per lb.— @3o
Peppers, green, 1b.25<Q 1 3<)
Potatoes, per lb.. 3© 5
Sweet Potatoes 4@ 5
Parsnips, per doz.lso—
Rhubarb, per lb.. 40 6
Radishes, dz bchs. 10012
Fasre. doz bnchs..2-">wss
String- Beans, lb.. 15030
Summer Syuasn,
per pound 8010
Thyme, per lb 20030
Turnips, per d0z. .10015
Tomatoes, per lb. 10015
Shad 12015
Sea Bass — ®—
Smelts 15020
Soles 13<iu—
Skates, each 10-312
Tomcod 15@—
Clams, gallon lOitf—
Do hardshell,loo.4*gso
Crabs, each lOiQIo
Do soltshell, dz.2503."»
Mussels, quart.... 10012
Oysters. Cal. 100.. 40050
Do Eastern, d0z. 250 4D
Trading In securities was quiet yesterday
and changes were limited to a decline in
Paauhau to $31 50 and In Giant Powder to $S2,
with a subsequent slight recovery.
The Ontario mine will pay a dividend of 30c
per share, or $45,000. on the 20th inst.
Tht Pennsylvania mine of California paid a
dividend of 10c per share, or $5150. on the 9th
Inst.
The California Fruit Canners' Association
will pay its third dividend of 60c per share on
the 20th inst.
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, April 13—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. !i..; Ask
U S Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 3% 3%
4s quar coup.. 114V 11514 Mutual El Co. ll»i 12H
4s do reg 114ViU5Vi O G L & H.... 46& 48
4s do cp new.. l33V* — ¦ Pac Gas Imp.. 50 61
Ss do coup 109 110 car- 1. Co _ hjk,
Miscellaneous— S F G &.E.... 60«4 *
Cal-st Cab 85..U7%120 Ban Francisco. 4«i 4K
C C Wat 55...1U5v» — blkn O&ECo 10 —
Ed L& P 65.. 1W — Insurance—
F&CI Ry 6a.. 114 — Firem's Fund.229 —
Geary-st R ss. — 92% Bank Stocks -\^ *
Hr. A S s'4s. -• Anglo-Cal Ltd. — 64
Do 5a 106ttl06Vi'Bank or Cal. ..410 -.
L A Ry 5a. ...104 lUyi Cal S D & T..103V6 —
L A L. Co as. -- - First National. — &>« .
Do gntd 65.. 98 100V4 Lon P & A. ..132 —
Do gntd 55.. — 101 Merchants' Ex 15 —
L A it f It i 5.102% — Savings Banks—
Mark»t-st 6H...12M4 — Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do Ist m 55.. 116? i — Ger S & L..1850 —
NCN G R 7s.iu» — Hum S& L. _ _
NR of Cal 6H.UU'i — Mut Say Bk. 45 —
N P of Cal 68.115^115% S F Say U.. 512% —
N P C R H Hs.Hi-n, - • Say & L So. 74 7S
N P C R R 55.107>4107% Sec Sev Bk. — —
N Cal R R 65. .112 — Union T Co. — —
Oak O L&Hss.liftK — Street Railroads— ¦
Oak Tran 65...113%114tf California. ....119*122
Oak W o 5s.. —¦ • ioavs Geary-5t «::....- so —
Oceanic S C 0. .106 107 Market-et Ry.. 63 63U
Om C Ry 65. .12514 — O S L & H... — t,o
P&CI Ry 6s..l(M?i — Presidio 16 —
Pk &O Ry «s. — — Powder Stocks—
Powell-st R 65.117 — Cnl'fornla ...".. l.« I<B
Sac I* & GR5s. 90 — Giant Con Co.. 82 52"4
RF & SJV SC.U6H— Vigorit 3« s£
S Ry Of Cal 65.111 V; — Sus-ar Ptooks—
S Pof A 65. ..112^ — I Hana S P Co.. 9 10
SPC6I (1905).108T» — ,Haw C & S Co 88% 89
Do (1906) ....111 — Honokaa S Co. 33U 33W
r>o f 1912) .... — — Hutch S P Co. 26% 27 •
Do Ist cr 6s. — — Kllauea S Co. 21% 22«4
SPBr 6a 125% — Makaweli SCo 4s?* 49
Bank Clearings.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Friday. Aprtl 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. «0 hours from
San Dleco and way ports.
Stmr Signal. Bendegaard. 63 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. 23 hours from Eureka.
Stnu; South Coast. Olsen. 14 hours from Al
bion.
Stmr Newburg, Petersen, 74 hours from Grays
Harbor. - " 1.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. 40 hours from Ra
°Shlp Goo Curtis. Calhoun. 13 days from
Honolulu.
Br bark Lord TemDletown. McCracken. ZCi
days from Bremerhaven. via Newcastle. Eng
land.
CLEARED.
Friday. Aprtl 13.
Stmr Robert Dollard. EUefsen. Seattle: B T
Ship Tacoma. Pedersen. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association. •
Ship Bohemia. Whalman. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Ger shto H F Glade. Haesloop. Queenstown;
Balfour. Guthrie & Co.
Bark Alaska. Coznn. whaline: B Cojran.
Brig Harriet G. Wayland. Honolulu and M»
hukona; O'Brien £ Sons.
Schr Carrie and Annie. Mordaunt. Cap*
Nome; A P Mordaunt.
SAILED.
Friday. Aprtl TL
Btmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Brags.
Etmr Geo W Elder, Randall. Astoria,
Stmr Bonlta. Nlcolson. San Pedro.
Ptmr State of California. Gage, Astort*.
Stmr Westnort. Ericsson. .
f-tmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Etmr Washtenaw, Gllboy. Tacoma.
Stmr Cleone. Madsen, Caesar.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. .
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Chematnua.
Ship Santa Clara. Llndberr, Karluk.
Brl? Harriet G. Wayland. Honolulu and ila
hukona.
Haw bark Andrew Welch. Drew. Honolulu.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Olsen. Cooa Bay.
Fchr Arazo, Stensland. codflshins.
Bchr Conftanza. Christiansen. Coquill* Rive*.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 13. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind SW. velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN
Per Lord Templeton— March 22. lat 4 11 N. 100
118 26W. Br ship Lyderhorn. her.cc March S. for
Liverpool; all well.
MEMORANDUM.
Per ship Geo Curtis— On Acril 8. lat S3 41 N.
lon 142 35 W. had a stronjr NW wind and car
ried away the mizzen upper topsail and mixzen
topgallant yard.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed April IS— Star Ruth, for
Skacuay; schr Lizzie Colby, for Bering Sea;
schr Gen McPherson. for Cape Nome; stmr
Willamette, for San Francisco. •
REDONDO— Arrived ADril I*-Stmr Sequoia.
from Fort Bragg.
Sailed Aorll 13— Stmr Luella, for San Fran
cisco.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Aprtl 13— Stmr Rival.
for San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived April 13— Schr
Newark, hence Anrtl 12.
EUREKA— Arrived April 13— Bktn Amelia,
from Honolulu.
Sailed A»ril U— Stmr Aberdeen, for Saa
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 13— Stmr Na
tional City, hence April 12.
ASTORlA— Arrived Arril 13— Stmr Del Norte,
her.cc April 8; Br ship John Cooke. from Shenj
hal.
Sailed April IJ— Stmr Columbia, for San
Francisco: nchr Louis, for Callao; Br stmr
Monmouthshire, for Yokohama.
PORT HLAKFLEY— Sailed April 13— Schr J
M Colman. for San Pedro.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Arrtl 13— Bar*
Fresno, for Melbourne; schr Corona, for Hono
lulu.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 12— Schr
Ethel Zan^. from Pan Diego.
Sailed April 13— Schrs Volant and Palvator
for San Francisco: schr Neptune, for Moss
Landlnsr: *chr Henry Wilson, for Hllo; schr
Jennie- St'lla. for San Pedro.
BANDON — Arrived Aorll 13— Schr Bender
Bros, henoe Arrll 3.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April 13— Stmr Green
wood, fur Port Hnrford.
POINT LOPOS— Pas.»ed April IS. at 11 a m—
Stmr Despatch, from Portland, for San Pe<"~>
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved April 13-
Stmr Sunol, from Greenwood. • • • : .
Sailed Aorll 13— Stmr Mlneola. for Nanalrao
stmr Pursol. for San Francisco. *
NEWPORT fP)— Sailed April IS— Stmr Pasa
dena, for Eureka.
POTNT REYES— Passed April 13— Raw stmr
San Mateo. from Nanalmo. for Port Los An
nSfArrVr"'^ 3 A=rtl 13 ~ Blrtn *<>*»-•
FOREIGN PORTS.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Anril 13— TT 3 -_,
Sumner. frr.m New York, fcr Uanlla. "«™r
n£^" l AVr?iT ed A5rU X ° r ?*» *«*-
Fra a nc'l^co A:>rll 1S ~ Xor " tn!r Tlt *n!a, for San
OCEAN STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Arrived Ajrll 12— Stmr pp n h~
bla. from Hamhur*. etc. Btmr Colum-
SOUTHAMPTON-Sailed Arril 13-Stmr Kal
serin Maria Theresa, from Bremen via r^i"
bounr. for New York raen> * la Cher *
HAVRE-Arrlved Aprn 13- Stmr BrPta _ n .
from N*tv Yortr. • t.rrcasne,
fgfi£s?«Z&* Arrtl
Nrw F York?~ Arrt ' ed Aprtl U - Sta ' Saale. from
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — 4 Sis;
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 BSV6
Sterling Cables — 4 t'J'n
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Silver, ptr ounce — 69V4
Mexican Dollars 4SV4 49
Note. — Yesterday being Good Friday the Pro
duce Exchange was not In session, hence there
are no grain quotations.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
All descriptions are as previously quoted.
BRAN— SI2OI3 p*r ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI6OI9 per ton,
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $15017 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $26027; jobbing,
$27 60028 ; Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corn Meal,
523 60324; Cracked Corn, $24024 50; Mixed Feed.
$15 60; Cottonseed Meal, nominal.
HAY — Wheat. 1709 for common to good: $9 50
for choice and occasionally $10: Wheat and Oat.
SG 0009; Oat. »6©B; Barley, $507; Alfalfa, $«0
7 60 v.r ton.
STRAW— 2SO3Sc Der bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Conditions remain unchanged. Trade Is dull.
BEANS— Dayos, $303 25; small White. $3 ZZ'ft
S E0; large White. $3 20@3 25; Pink, $2 2502 90;
Re-i, $3 6053 75: Blackeye. *4 50: Butters, nomi
nal; Lima. $3 25; Pea, $3 4003 60; Red Kidneys.
$3 6004.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard. 4V4@4*;c: Flax. $1 90@2 20; Canary.
3',4c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa. 9010 c; Rape, 2K@3c; Hemp, 4S4V4c;
Timothy. 4«4M.c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2 25; Green, $1 90
©2 25 rer ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Onions continue to advance and are very
high. Potatoes, on the contrary, are neglected
and weak.
Asparagus and Peas are higher.
Receipts were SIS boxes Asparag-us, 464 boxes
Rhubarb, 4CO sacks Peas ana 250 sacks New
Potatoes.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. 65c; River Reds,
nominal: Burhnnks. 40<g60c per sack: Oregon
Burbanks. S*a«c: Sweet Potatoes. $2 2502 35 for
Merced: New Potatoes, 102 c.
ONlONS— California are still higher at $607,
with a sale of 50 sks at $6 50. Australian are
held at $10. The market Is very firm, and sup
plies are meager.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 60c®$l 25 per box:
Asparagus, $1 2501 50 per box for No. 2 and
$1 7602 for No. 1 and $2 2502 60 for fancy large;
Green Peas, $1 50^2 25 per sack for common and
for Garden: String Beans, '8012Hc; Cab
bage, 40050 c; Tomatoes. $1 2501 75; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles, S!310c; Dried Okra. 32% c per
lb; Garlic, 6i?T6c; Green Peppers from Lcs'An
geles, 15c; Dried Peppers. 8@10c; Carrots, 2SQ
35c per eack; Los Angeles Summer Squash,
$101 25 per box; Cucumbers, 50c@$l per dozen.
Poultry and Game.
Eight can of Eastern have come In thus far
this week, but they were needed and the mar
ket shows no weakness. A few small changes
in Game appear.
POULTKK-Llve Turkeys. 10-Bllc for Gob
bler* and 12f?13e f«r H*ns: Geene. per pair.
$1 75@2: Goslings. $2 25«J2 60: Ducks. $4 KMr5 50
for old and $5 50@7 60 for young: Hens, $5@6:
Young Roosters, $6 GO® 7: Old Roosters. Jl 25
©C; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broilers. $4 60(95 for
large nnd I" r.o-ii 3 bo for Pigeons. $1 759
2 per dozen for rid and $1 75f?2 'or Rnuabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 25; Rabbits. $1 25<j?l 60; Gray
Geese. $2 60: White. 60c: Brant. $1 25@1 50; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 CO; Jack Snipe, $1 60.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is dull and !n free supply, but quota
tions are no lower. Cheese Is as previously
quoted. Eggs still arrive freely and go Into
store If they are not immediately sold, so the
floors are keot fairly clear.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creamery, 17c; seconds, 18
eifiHc • .
Dairy— Fancy. 15%@16c; good to choice, 14V40
15c; common. 14c.
CHKESE— New, 7%©Be; Young America. 8@
Btte: Eastern. 16©17 c; Western. 15@16c per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 14c for store and 14H@16>4c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. l^l-Uic npot
and 15%0 to arrive; Oregon Eggs, 12H@13Hc per
dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.S
The cold weather Is keeping- back Strawber
ries, which accounts for the light receipts.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned, as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $2 85@3 10;. choice do, $2;
standard. $1 60«?2; Seedlings, , $1 25@1 90.
A box of rod Cherries appeared from Vaca
ville, selling at $3.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APPLES—7S©9Oc per box for common, $I©l 50
for eao<\ to'rhnW nnrt $1 73^2'for fancy.
STRAWBERRIES— J4@B per chest for lance
and $B<g 14 for small • berries. Receipts were 52
chests. . Blackberries, from the south,
per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 25©3 50
per box: Seedlings. $I@2: Lemons, $I@l 50
for common and $2JJ2 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $4 50^6; California Limes, ;
Bananas. $1 25@2 60 per bunch; Pineapples, $435
per dozen. . ~-V
-Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There Is something doing, but It la In a retail
way, and quotations are the same.
.DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In cacki. 4©4tfc for
40-60' s. 3>i3>4c for eO-eO**. 3Hc for 60-70* s. 3Vic
for 30-80'n, 3@>3V&c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90
100's; Apricots, 110124 c for Royals, 12H@l5c
for Moorparks and 12®13Hc for Blenheims;
Peaches, &H@6c for Standards, 6H@-6%c for
choice and 7@Sc for fancy; Peeled Peaches 10®
12% c; Evaporated Apples, 6Q7c-,: Sun-dried, 5®
6Hc per lb; Nectarines, S@9c: Pears. 3H@4V4e
for dark and 7SBc . for bright halves: Black
Figs. 2(g2Hc; White Figs. 2®3c; ¦ Bleached
Plums, 6&yc: unbleached Plums, 7®7V£c for
pitted and lHc for unpltted. ¦
. RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson*—F ancy, per
lb. 10c; choice. 9c; standard, 8c; prime, 6c; un
bleached .Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. BHc; choice, 7%0; standard. 6Hc;
prime. .Be;, unbleached Sultanas, 6c; Seedless,
60-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown, loose Muscatels. 54c;
8-cro-»n, «He; . 4-crown. 7c; London Layers
2-crt-wn. $1 60 per, box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; 'Dehesa. .-$2 50; Imperial. $3." ¦ All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
- • NUTS— Walnuts. B@*c ¦ for ¦ standards and
9©loe for softshells; Almonds," 11VK?12« for
paper shtll. 9gloe for soft and 4@sc for hard
shell; Peanuts. 6%®K\o for- Eastern ¦ and 60
for California; Brazil Nuts, 7<4©>Bc; Filberts,
12Cfl2>4c: Pecans.- ll@lSc: Cocoanuts, $4 Co®s.
HONEY— Comb. UHQVto for bright and 10ft®
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mornlns tides are given in the le.t
hand column and the successive tides of tne
day In the order of occurrence ad to time. i"»
second time column gives the second tide or
the day. the third time column the third tld»
and the last or risht hand column gives tn«
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The nelgnts
riven are In addition to the soundings on tne
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane or
reference Is the mean of the lower lo*w waters.
?y, 1 " 1 * lar s; er than. last year, thoush much of
r»^ti« a »l ? at Pa clnc ports, not directly af
fe llur ££ Atlantic supplies.
Flour Included, Pacific exports in two weeks
have been 1.518,254 bushels, against E64.562 last
jear, but Atlantic exports have been 3.912,857.
atrainst 8. 960.380 last year. In spite of all re
ports of exhaustion of supplies and Injury to
growing wheat Western receipts continue larger
than last year. In two weeks 6,764,640 bushels,
aralnst 6,863,663 last year
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. April ' 13.— CATTLE— Receipts.
1500. Generally steady. Natives, best on sale
to-day, two loads steers and heifer* at $5 45;
good to prime steers, $5@5 90; poor to medium.
$4 10@4 85; selected feeders. $4 2504 90; mixed
stockers. $3@3 95; cows, best stronger, others
slow, $3©4 60; heifers, $3 lO@4 65; canners, $2®
2 85; bulls. $2 70@4 25; calve*, $4 60@7 25;
Texans, receipts, none, best on sale to-day. 29
head at $5 10; Texas- fed steers, $4®6 25; Texas
bulls, $3 25@3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 1S.000; estimated to
morrow. 18,000; left over. 5000. Active. s®loc
higher; top, $5 70; mixed and butchers, $5 40®
0 67%; good to choice heavy, $6 50®5 70; rough
heavy, $5 3505 45; light, $5 30@5 57H; bulk of
sales, $5 6C@5 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Sheep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers, $6(j?6 60; fair to
choice mixed. $S@6; Western sheep. $6@6 40;
yearlings, $6@6 60; native lambs, $5 60@7 50;
Western lambs, $6®7 60.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April IS. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 64@56c; Valley. 64c; Blue Stem, 570.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 13.— WHEAT— Market quiet
and prices nominally unchanged. Blue Stem.
66c; Club. 54c.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. April 13.— Exchanges, $344,714;
balances. $34,&90.
Yesterday a partial holiday.
No grain market quotations.
Onions continue to advance. Potatoes dull and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Poultry rules firm, with light stocks.
Strawberries in light receipt. Oranges firm.
Some retail movement in dried fruit.
Slight advance in sugar-cured Bacon.
No further change in the Meat Market.
Cherries appeared from Vacaville.
Sun rises f-.JJ
Sun sets 64 *
Moon sets (full) * 58 *>• m -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
S V Water 6s. 114 41141; Onomea S Co.. 2SH 23
Do 4s 104 — Paauhau S Co. ZV t 31? i
S V W (3d m). — 105 U>hct.ii*nei.us— :
Btktn Gas 65.. — 105 Al Pack Assn.ll7HU3H
Water Stocks— Cal Fruit A5n.103% —
Contra Costa.. 64?» 65V4 Mwtf«* Ai-t^.. - l*>
Marin County. 50. — Oceanic S Co.. M& 93
Spring Valley.. 96 — Pac AF A 2 —
Ua» &. Electric— Pac C Bor Co. 150 —
Cpnt n 1. <~v>.. - • — ¦ Par Paint Co. 10 " —
Cent L & P.... 3% —
Morninr Session.
Board —
$20CO Southern Pacific of Arizona 6s 113 00
$1000 Market Street Railway 5s 117 o>l
$2000 Contra Costa Water 5s 106 25
$2000 Los Angeles Railway 5s 104 00
70 Paauhau S P Co 31 73
200 Paauhau S P Co 31 62t»
505 Paauhau P P Co 31 srt
45 California Fruit Canners. s 3 134 00
10 Sprint: Valley Water 96 00
250 Onomea Sugar Co ** 50
1 CO Market Street Railway «25
20 Giant ' Powder Con 82 2j
25 Giant Powder Con 82 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 California Fruit Canners. s 3 104 00
$SOOO Northern Pacific California 53 107 SO
$1000 Los Angeles Railway 5s KM 2j
$9000 Oakland Transit, s 3 11* 00
90 Market Street Railway 63 2j
25 Spring Valley Water 1.96 00
400 Paauhau S P Co 31 si>
73 Kllauea S P Co 21 S7*»
200 San Francisco Gas. s 10 * »»
10 Hawaiian C & S C 0....". S3 00
25 Giant Powder Con S2 °°
25 Giant Powder Con 8 - ; i.,
50 3 F Gas & Electric Co 60 8.1,
120 S F Gas & Electric Co SO 75
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANOE.
Morning Session.
Board— *
I 200 Anaconda »
200 Anaconda *'
350 Barker Ranch 1 15
200 Home Oil .: 3™
100 Yukon 125
100 ySoTZ -.!»
Afternoon Session.
4(0 Anaconda ••• 45
300 Barker Ranch 1 15
200 Home Oil 5 80
300 Yukon, b 90 1 30
Street—
. 100 Home Oil » M
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornln™ Session.
100 Belcher 32 . 200 Ophlr 73
200 Bullion 04| 100 Potosl _ 15
100 Crown Point... 201 50 Union Con 34
60 Crown Point... 21 600 Yellow Jacket. 34
100 Gould & Curry. 23 f
Afternoon Session.
2CO Belcher 32 I 200 Overman 28
300 Chollar 14 I 500 Potcsl 15
50 Mexican 371 50 Union Con 23
200 Occidental 16 200 Utah 12
SCO Occidental 171 50 Yellow Jacket. 33
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 C C & Va 1 72' 300 Sierra Nevada. 54
100 C C & Va 1 75 1 200 Silver Hill 20
600 Occidental IV 600 Union Con 84
100 Ophir 79: 2CO Union Con 33
4CO Overman 23, 2uo Yellow Jacket.. 25
10UO Savage 11
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 13 3(0 Potosl 15
200 Gould & Curry. 23 200 Scorpion 02
200 Hale & N0r.... 36 200 Union Con 33
1500 Justice 04 400 Yellow. Jacket.. 34
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. April U— 4 p. m.
Alpha 04 05 {Justice 06 07
Alta , 05 MjKentuck 01 02
Andes ...' 11 13lLady Wash.... — 05
Belcher 31 32, Mexican 85 37
Best & Belcher. 23 29 Occidental 1« 17
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 78 79
Caledonia 1251 30 Overman 25 26
Chollar 14 15 Potosl 15 16
Challenge Con. 22 24 Savage 12 14
Confidence 73 75 .Scorpion — C 2
Con Cal & Va.l 70 1 75|Seg Belcher 04 05
Con Imperial... 01 01 -Sierra Nevada. 04 OS
Con New York. 03 — iSilver Hill 18 20
Crown Point 20 21iSt Louis — 12
Eureka Con — 60 Standard 310 —
Exchequer 02 04 Syndicate — 12
Gould & Curry. 2S JO Union Con 32 34
Hale & Norcrs. 35 38 Utah 11 13
Julia — 06iYellow Jacket. U 33
lie for light amber; water white extracted.
7*c; light amber extracted, 7tt@7Hc; dark.
6}*@6c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
A alight advance In sugar-cured Bacon Is
noted. The market for all cured meats Is be
low, the parity of the Eastern markets and Is
very firm.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10% c per lb for
heavy. 10Hc for light : medium, HV4c for light.
12% c for extra light and 14c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 13@14c; Mess Beef,
$12 per bbl; extra Mess, $13; Family, $14; extra
Prime Pork. »14 50<315: extra clear. $19; Mess
$16 50; 3moked Beef. 12V4©13c'per Jt>.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@Bc per lb for
compound and B©SHc for pure; half barrels
pure S%c; 10-lb tins, 9>4c: 6-Ib tins. 10c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, B®B%c per lb; 10-lb
tins, 9V»c
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers
10®llc; medium, 9»,4c: light, 9@9i,4c; Cowhides.
9Q'9V4c: Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 9(g9^c: Calf. lOc-
Dry Hides, sound. lS@l9c; culls and brands'
15c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16@lTc: Dry Calf. iaa
20c; Sheepskins, shearling?, 15<£30c each; short
Wool, 35®C0c each; medium, TO'gSOc; long Wool
$I@l 25 each: Horse Hides. $2 25@3 for large
and $1 Co VI 75 for small; Colts, 25{j50c. Deer
Skins— Summer or red skins, 40c; fall or medi
um skins, 85c; winter or thin skips. 20c. Goat
Skins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, 25c. !
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, §@5V4c per lb; No.
2. 4©4Hc; refined, 6^c; grease, 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern free, 16@lSc; Northern defective, 13®
16c; Middle County, free, 15@17c: Middle
County, defective, 13@15c; Southern Mountain.
12 months'.- 12@14c; do, free, 7 months'. 12®15c;
do. defective. 7 months'. 10@12c: Humboldt and
Mendocino, 2C@23c; Nevada. 16@lSc per lb.
Jacob Wollner's Circular says: "The arrivals
of Wool are somewhat more liberal, but from
60 to 70 per cent less than last year at this
time. There Is a little more looking- around and
more Inquiries for samples from the Eastern
markets, but there Is not much actual trading.
as the sellers,' views are too high. Some buying
has been done in Nevada of large lots at from
2c to 3c per pound more than last year. The
Eastern markets are reported quiet, with little
more sampling. The downward tendency seems
to have stopped, and we can look for a steady
market."
HOPS— «%@loc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no further change in anything.
BEEF— 6©6%c per lb for fair to choice. ,
VEAI.^-6CSo per lb,
MUTTON— Wethers, 7®7%c; ewes, CH@7c per
lb.
LAMB— Spring 9@9VJc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%(ji6c for small and me
dium and S^es^c for large: strck Hogs and
feeders, sVi@sHc; dressed Hogs, 7@B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentin Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
grain Bags, 6WS6HC; Wool Bags. 28>4<©32Hc;
Fleece Twine. 7%c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; new Welling
ton. 1$; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$$ 50; Bryant. )6 60; Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend $3-
Co-operative Wallsend, t8: Cumberland Jl2 In
bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $v per ton- Coke $15
per ten In bulk and $17 in sacks: Castle Gate
and Rock Springs, $S 45 per 2000 lb«
RlCE— China mixed. $4 05®5 10; China No 1
$4 2. r »i3 1 4 TO; extra do. $3@5 50; Hawaiian. Jjii'6'>s'-
Japan, $4 75fi5; Louisiana. Jl6C@7. '
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes per lb In 100-lb bags: Cubes a
Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.60 c; Powdered
B.vaic: Candy Granulated. 5.20 c: Dry Granulated'
6.10 c; Confectioners' A. 5.10 c; Magnolia A 4 70c'-
Extra C. 4.60 c: Golden C. 4.60 c; barrels, io 0
more; half-barrels. 25c more: boxes, 50c more
60-lb bags, lGc more. No orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dominos
half-barrels, 5.85 c; boxes, 6.10 c per lb.
ISLAND TRAFFIC
THREATENED BY
FOREIGN SHIPS
Postponing Application, of
Navigation Laws Is the
Scheme.
Chamber of Commerce Makes Protest
to tie Congressmen and Invites
Aid of Portland Mer
chants.
The chirping merchants of the city are
much concerned about the amendment
proposed by Representative Cushman of
Washington to the Hawaiian bill before
Congress. Letters and telegrams have
cone on to Senators and Congressmen
from California and the aid of the Port
land Chamber of Commerce has been in
vited to defeat the amendment now In
conference. The amendment proposes to
postpone the application of the naviga
tion laws to Hawaii for one year. This
would permit foreign ships to do coast
wise business to Hawaii, which is defined
as "trade between ports of the United
States." For two years it has been sup
posed that the laws of the United Stales
would be applied to Hawaii.
The Cushman amendment was notice
that there would te an effort to exempt
the navigation laws. The San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce has taken the lead
on this coast in mailing vig-orous protest.
Statistics have bc-en forwarded to Senator
Perkins by Secretary Scott, pointing out
the rncrisure of harm in the amendment
for this i>ort. Foreign ship owners have
taken the other side ar.d the pilots also
favor the amendment because the applica
tion cf the navigation laws would take
the foreign vessels, from which they de
rive pilotage, off the line. Statistics from
the shipping' mvn are summarized as fol
lows: The carrying capacity of the Amer
ican fleet is 402.308 tons per annum, on th«
Labis of four trips, and the sugar crop to
be moved Is estimated at 300,000. This dis
poses of the assertion of the foreign ship
owners that the tonnage is Insufficient,
for the freights from the islands exceed in
I'Ulk those to the islands. Several large
concerns are Interested here and there Is
en Eastern interest, for many cargoes of
sufrar will .go directly to the East from
the islands by water. The dispatch to the
Portland Chamber of Commerce is as fol
io wb:
We have wired Senator Perkins requesting
Ms efforts- to have navigation laws in lmme
d.ate effect. Also sent him mall statistics
rhowlnj atr.ple tonnagre under our flag to handle
trade. Also requested co-operation of our dele
gation. I'lease take similar action with delega
tion. This was tigned by President Charles
Neison.
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK. April IS.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review to-morrow will say: Iron fur
naces In blast April 1 produced 259.482 tons
weekly, against 292,648 March 1, but ynsold
stocks Increased 2280 tons. A mistaken infer
ence, possibly fatal to many In consequence.
Is that stocks held by consuming concerns must
be running down. As they contract for their
supplies months ahead, and such supplies,
whether delivered and consumed or waiting
their orders at furnaces, would not be reck
oned In unsold stocks, the surplus owned by
consumers may be heavy, for new business In
finished products Is reported to the Iron Age
from Plttsburg as "frightfully small," owing
to the belief that high prices cannot b« main
tained and no better report comes from Phila
delphia. With No. 1 anthracite $2 lower, refined
bars $4 and steel plates $11 per ton lower than
In December It can hardly be called impossible
for prices to yield, though many are so far
firmly held. Plttsburg reports a number of
plate mills shut down and five Pennsylvania
and Ohio furnaces have stopped, perhaps for
repairs, more than balancing five which started
In March, two In Tennessee, adding 2600 tons
weekly.
The boot and Shoe Industry also falls behind
In output and In dosing some work* and run
ning many others part time, because prices are
higher than retailers seem ready to pay.
A heavy wholesale business has been done
In dry goods, but the question Is now whether
retail distribution will Justify It. As yet re
turns are not satisfactory. There U an in
crease, but not enough to warrant the buying
from mills. Woolens and worsteds are dull,
with concessions in fancies, though staples are
well sold up and are firm, the material declines
further averaging nearly half a cent lower than
April. 1- There is the same uncertainty in cot
ton Koods .as In retail distribution, with quite
as much doubt whether prices will be main
tained, though the material has been again ad
vanced a sixteenth In speculation.
Exports In March were in value $33,096,755
a Rain over last year of $21.526,895, so rapidly
bat Eurone supplied Its needs. This enormous
gain made exports of the chief staples $IS.£U,
&33 greater in value than in March of last year
though a decrease occurred In other Items. Yet
only a fraction of the gain was In cotton ship
.ments from New York, leaving the other great
Increase here to be explained by manufactured
exports mainly. In spite of the heavy balance
due on merchandise account there has been
talk of cold exports and a -small amount has
cone to Buenos Ayres ' on European account.
Supplies of money are abundant here; the banks
having again* gained largely. Rates are low
and commercial demands narrow and the In
terior is better prepared than ever to do with
out aid. . - ... . . . . . .
, . Tbe exports of wheat from both coasts con-
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographies Office, U. 8. N., Mer
- chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal..
April : 13. 1900.
' The time ball on the tower .of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly uoon to-day —
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A L McCray. Fresno E L Reed, Junctn Cltr
L C White. Del Monte C Tcapue F-esno
J H Gardiner, R Vista X P Douglas, x ew i» n
R K*rr. New York N C Foster. Falr'-hlld
C H Patterson. N V Mr* F Harris tf v in
H H Hunter. San Jo*e\V N "Rohrer Fresno
O C McMullen, Sacto C W Nelson Ny
It W Sully. Berkeley B Daggett 'Cal
I-I H Kchwarz.lVrkeley P L McKlnia. Chicago
J Haydc-n. .San Rafael R P MolUnla Chicago
R Ktasett. San Ha:ael O W Cook. ChWso
W J Ueriott, aiontrrej jllobt Kerr N V
I: Terrii:. Sta Cruz J A Miller X y
G H' \Varford. Vallejo E D Eldridge Stktn
E Firhtr. Oakland <i A McElfrlsh. L Ing
P, f B' J ,". h - rincinn *« J Burr's. Sonoma
II X Hildwth. S Diego H MeConnatt & w Neb
M 00 " !&5J McConni ».
U Lubin, Arlt W D Gomard S Jo»<»
Mrs J .1 Hetbron & <J.:E F Kindall & w, c»|
?t?«£3K£££!? ££
J S Fmith, Akron ;1) C Nelson Towle
W C Powell &• w, Cal ,D N BheJton & w Vi
T J WlUon. Los Ang .Mrs E J Jewctt Mo
F norr.lr.rufz L , Ang Mln W E Jones, M o
E £ BnutsmriL La ;K T Corvell. L Ang -
CA 1\ rltrhl, Nome ;1I S Rowe. Norrls
F Gra'tzr-r. Nome • Shews
!P" M c !^ h , ar \l P 4 ta l ' M Wahbam. S Jose
»; r *T^M K » * £ teh ,- Pela G vnnt *'", Stockton
M l*Htsch. Petaluma C F Palmer. Stockton
? Ir f, Meehan. Stony Pt.H F Kron. Sta Cruz
L IS \\ ickershaTT.. Cal |6C Ilafrerty. Eta Crux
C A Camwell Stanfd J O BeMnrf &w. Cal
J G Kajjpr & fy. f )hic Mrs A TI Ti'-kall Cal
W L Doyer. Spreckel* Mirs M Morton *Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
E I Toole. New Haven; V t, McKinnle. Chicajro
J H Cba*e. Conn ft U McKinnle Ch
T L Curtis & w. Minn S P Ravne'l Jr P.
J 0 Hrowc. Minn IT W Wilkics i>a
II C Bond. Santa Oar* Mrs A Wilklns Pa
G L Christy. Pa J E Follensbee Mcx
O\V Bird. Stanford W H Mcsoley. Conn
J A Garver. Sheridan H Fiske. U S N
C M Garver, Hheriaan 'J Cohen & w Wis
V II Green. S liafael jD A Johnson. Srattl*
J W Masaon. Sicto 'h L Cook. Aberdeen,
F J McCarthy. L Ang ;r S Caldwell. Ohio"
J J Sandf-rman. B C EC Hf-dre La
Mi?* Far.Jrrmat). B C ;\TC Bums & w Pa
H Ii McGowan. Wash G H Tourur. Ch'learo
A H O'Connor, Wash jPn-f M Loeb & w VT
II Todd & w, Ohio It Pcr.eiff & w. N V
Mis* G Sterribsiujrh. O jMlss Small. New York
C II Buhl & w. N V H C Moon?. San Jo»e
J M Goidbfrg. N V Miss G Harvey. Bo»ton
P A Demons. L Ang IMaJ J S Wilklns. I\SA
J Recht & w. Pasadnam \v Morey, New York
J S Crav«-n« & w. Pat'T C Barnes, N V
A G Kr!v»iahn. Londiß Kc'.th, Salt Lake
A J M.-.rlmer. Chicago i Mips Keith. Salt Lakt
C B Mandell & w.WisiA Hstnfield. Victoria
A F Rosir.hr-!m. Mo I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W Cameron. Petaluma ] J Ycunj & f, Fre*no
S Cemj.ton. Eacto J ttrepg & w, Wls
J J Joseph. Los Angr jB W Reynolds. Lc» An
II D Karr, San Jose iC. A Keiz, Lcs Arc
A C Ftormont. Waeh !j E Hall. Eanta Rosa
J H More. Chlco W J RutsWl. Kedlands
H H Quurlcs, N V |Mrs R McGrath & tm.
A liurgpsc Chicago i Los Angelt-s
C Mllle;-. Salt I.ake P F Hcbs. San Dlreo
X J Xieien. Sacto J L Smith. Col£&x
Family Retail Market.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
Central Land Company (corporation) of Oak
land to E. G. Vinzent, lot on N line of Thirty
second street. 198.05 E of West street, N 41.15
to N boundary line of Rowland Tract, thence
N from point of beginning 58.85. W 90. S 49.27.
E 93.02 to beginning. Oakland; $10.
E. G. Vinzent. William J. and Virginia R.
Dingee. F. A. and Mac G. Losh to M. Rhine
hart, lot on N line of Thirty-second street.
111.40 E of West. E 86.65. N ICO. W 90. S 49.27.
E 6.02. S 49.14 to beginning. Oakland; also lot
on NE corner of West and Twenty-second
streets. N 60 by E 100. being lot 1. block C.
Curtis & Williams Tract. Oakland: also lot on
N line of Thirty-third street. 3C6 E of West. E
E0 by N 100. being lot 19, block E, map of prop
erty of Central Land Company. Oakland; $10.
Nora A. Ray (O'Connor, wife of H. F.) to
Walter G. Manuel, lot on N line of Thirty
seventh street, 163 E of West, E 26.50 by N
147.50, being lot 24, block B. Major Given Tract,
to correct former deed, Oakland; $110.
Charles R. and Ette C. Allen to Annie Mur
phy (wife of John F), lot on N line of Park
or Thirty-fifth street. 452:6 E of San Pablo ave
nue, E 25 by 6 112. being lot 13. Mitchell
Tract, map 2, Oakland; $10.
Georgietta W. Blethen to George W. A.
Blethen. Sarah E. Dolbler and Alice May Scott,
lot on SE line of First avenue, 300 NE Sum
mer street. NE 70 by SE 100. being lot 7 and
a portion of lot 8, map of Locksley Square.
Oakland; rift.
Same to same, lot on SE corner of Poplar
and Twenty-sixth 'streets. E 75 by S 108:6, be
ing lots 8. 9 and 10, block T, map of survey of
northern extension of Oakland, Oakland; sift.
Same to Alice May Blethen, lot on NE line cf
East Fourteenth street, 100 NW of Twelfth
avenue, NW 50 by NE 140, being lota 7 and 8,
block 62, Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Same to George W. A. Blethen, lots 17, 20.
21, 24. 25, 28. 23 and 32. block 2. Spaulding
Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Samuel Newman to Maria Fennessy. lot on
N line of Sixth street, 75 E of Castro. E 75 by
N 100. block 63. Oakland (quitclaim deed); $10.
Maria Fennessy to Solomon 1 1 ell man, lot on
N line of Sixth street, 75 E of Castro. E 23
by N 100, block 69. Oakland: $10.
James and Agnes M. Vance. Lulu V. Eaum
cartner and Effle Sco£t Vance to Mabel E.
Vance, all Interest In lot on SW corner of
Ashby avenue and Deakln street. W 50 by S
135.53. block B, Woolsey Tract. Berkeley; gift.
Mabel E. Vance to John L. Buckley, all same;
$10.
John L. and Frances Buckley to Mabel E.
Vance, lot on N line of Center street. 230 W
of Oxford. W 40 by N 125, block A, Blake
Tract,, maps 1 and X. Berkeley property, Berke
ley: $10.
Marie de Labrousse to Gertrude B. Perkins,
the SE 37:6 feet of lot S. block A, Monte Vista
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
A. H. and Matilda Schon to S. E. Harris, lot
on E line of Adeline street. 25 N of Thirty
second. N 25 by E 89. block 678. Watts Tract,
map 2. Oakland (subject to a mortgage for $J00) ;
$10.
Martha E. Sell to Walter E. Sell, lot on NW
corner of Bowdltch street and Charming way,
'.W 300 by N 300. being lots 3 and 4. block 10.
map of property of College Homestead Asso
ciation. Berkeley: $1.
W. E. Sell to Lizzie de Verner, lot on N line
of Channlnir way, 100 W of Bowdltch street.
W 100 by N 130. portion of lots S and 4, block
10 College Homestead. Berkeley (quitclaim
deed); 81.
W A. and Harriet N. Ristenpart to same,
lot on W line of Channin* way. 100 W of Bow
dltch street. W 100 by N 130. being subdivisions
9 and 10 of lots 3 and 4 on map of subdivisions
of lots 3 and 4. block 10, College Homestead,
Berkeley; $100.
Bessie M. and Georre K. Holloway to John
R Perkins, lot on W line of Grant street. 85
S of Berkeley way. S 40 by W 100. being the 3
40 feet of lots J and X on map of subdivision
of portion ranges 5. 6 and 7, Hardy Tract.
Joseph 'P. McTamney to Town of Berkeley,
lot on N line of Woolsey street. 455.53 W of
Deakln. W 22.86, NW 16.30, SE 23 to beginning,
being a portJon of lot 11. Hawley Tract, to be
used for public street and highway, Berkeley;
$20.
Walter P. Woolsey to same, lot on SE corner
Wheeler and Woolsey streets, N 36.38. SE co.?«.
SE 6, W to beginning, being portion of lot 18.
Seovilla Tract; also lot on SE corner of Whee
ler and Woolsey streets. NE 4G.89, SE 71.46, NW
66.74 NW 33.50. NE 3.31 to beginning, beln?
portion of lot 1. same tract, to be used for
public street and highway. Berkeley; $220.
Niss Christiansen to Jennie M. Nicholson, lot
7, Portland Park, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Georgietta W. Blethen (wife of J. E.) to
Sarah E: Dolbler, lot on line of old county road
No. 708. 149 E of Frultvale avenue, E 45.26 x
130.02, W 77.23, S 140.05 to beginning, being lota
1 and 2. Fruitvale Electric Road Tract. Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Same to George W. A. Blethen and Sarah E
Dolbler, lot on SE corner of Caroline and
Louisa, S 50 by E 100. being lot 177. map or
Enclnal Park. Alameda: also lot on NW lire
of Capital street, 120 NE from N corner of Pe
ralta avenue and Capital street. NE V>. NW
123, SW 40, SE 12S to beginning, being **jt 51.
map of lands of Capital Homestead Associa
tion, East Oakland; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Andrew G. Griffin (owner) with John G. Cook
& Co. (contractors), architects Bll.«s A Favllle
—Excavation, concrete, mason, plaster, iron,
carpenter, painting and glaztng for a 2-story
attic and basement residence on N line of Pa
cific street. 75 W of Baker, N 132:4, W 40, S
132:4. E 40; $7:30.
TEST OF LIQUID AIR
AS A REFRIGERATOR
Trainload of OTang-es Starts East and
Both Ice and Air Will Be
Used.
Special Dlrpatch to The Call.
SAN* BERXARDIXO. April 13.— The first
experiment with liquid air as a refriger
ating agent in the shipment of oranges
left here this morning on the Santa Fe. A
train of twenty-five cars was shipped by
the Pomona Fruit Exchange, of which
eeven were to use liquid air and eighteen
the usual supply of ice. The fruit was
under the care of William T. Simms of
Riverside, an experienced fruit handler,
and the instructions were very explicit.
Each car has four hatches, and these are
to remain open each night until morning
for ventilation purposes, together with
Bide doors when thought necessary. Each
morning three hatches will be closed, and
through the fourth a bottle of liquid air
¦will be poured into the ice box, formerly
so called, and the hatch closed rjulekly.
This bottle to each car will last one day.
and at night the cars are again ventilated
w!th the cool air and in the morning an
other bottle will 1-e used. Mr. Simms
took with him thirty-six bottles of liquid
air for seven cars for the trip to Kansas j
City, the destination of the fruit.
The experiment is watched here with
great interest, for if successful it will
jevolutionize the shipment of fruit to the
East and save the annual use of millions
of tons of ice. This means the increasing
of the carrying capacity of each car by
onc-Fixth, or an addition of sixty to
seventy-five more boxes of oranges to
each car as now loaded. If euccessful the
manufacture of liquid air will be estab- I
Jished on a large scale at Los Angeles and !
probably at other points. The only tool
needed for Its use is a corkscrew, and the
shippers of tho fruit to-day anxiously
asked Mr. Bisims if he carried a cork
ecrew, and he replied that being from
Riverside he was supplied.
Election Contested.
SANTA ROSA, April 13.— Henry Prindle
commenced a contest in the Superior
Court this afternoon of the election of W.
P. Bagley as City Recorder of Santa
Rosa. Bapley and Prindle were candi
dates for the cfiice of Recorder at the
election held Wednesday, April 4. Bagley
beat Prindle by one vote. Prindle asks
the court for a recount of the votes and
alleges malconduct on the part of the
election boards.
Professor Bartlett Dead.
ANDOVER, Mass.. April 13.— J. "Wesley
Churchill Bartlctt, professor of sacred
rhetoric and professor of elocution at
AnJover Seminary, died to-day He was
widely known throughout the country as
iill elocutionist anrl r«=nV?*>r
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE.
LOCAL MARKETS
Steamer Movements.
measure of strength on their own account.
When the Stock Exchange adjourned on Thurs
day it did so not to resume business until next
Monday, Saturday of this week being added to
the usual holiday on Good Friday.
The quotations for some of the more active
railroad stocks end the week higher than they
were on last Saturday, while many indus
trials are decidedly lower. The week was
marked by a further falling off In the amount
of outside orders and business and by Increased
evidences of manipulation, while London,
which was Inclined to be dull. In- view of the
nearness of the holidays, was also affected by
the less promising aspects of the British opera
tions in South Africa and by the Increasing
firmness of money, showed an Inclination at
times to sell the stocks It recently bought here.
Americans, however, continued to be a leading
feature In London and European buying was
again somewhat in excess of the sales ascribed
to foreign interests. Our market has, however,
begun to notice the strength of exchange rates,
though sterling rates are still about >i per cent
below the level at which gold exports found
circulation. In fact, $500,000 In gold is going
from New York to Buenos Ayres on a London
order. It is realized that the relatively firm
money market at London and the prospect of
further ease here In regard to loans and Inter
est rates may well result in the transfer of con
siderable amounts of capital from New York
to Europe. Here the financial situation is cer
tainly not averse to the stock market. The de
crease shown in last Saturday's bank statement
had no effect and the gains of the New York
banks from the Treasury and the interior prom
lEe to result in a favorable statement to-day.
In spite. of a presumable Increase in Wall-street
borrowings. Offerings of funds on call are
more freely made and the confidence in the
financial position, which asserted itself after
the currency bill was passed and the Govern
ment refunding plan put In operation is un
impaired. Continued Increase In railroad earn
ings and fair If not favorable crop prospects
have aided In giving railway shares their
strong tone. On the other hand, the fact that
the Iron and other trades still enjoy uninter
rupted prosperity did not seem to bring sup
port to the industrial group, the steel stocks,
as already mentioned, being an especially weak
feature.
It would seem that Is due to the forced
liquidation of holdings of the common stock
of such companies, brought on by the growing
doubts which have lately been excited regard-
Ing dividends on that class of the shares of
several companies.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Yesterday an Off Day.
Yesterday being Good Friday business was
materially restricted, both In Europe and the
United State*, hence there are few telegraphic
quotations to-day. Th» local Produce Ex
change was closed.
Charters.
The Dora Blubm loads mdse for Kahulul.
The Balmoral was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat to Europe, 35s— with barley, 36s 3d.
The Chehalls loads lumber on the Columbia
River for Freemantle, 60a; Expansion, lumber
at Grays Harbor for Santa Roealla; Glory of
the Seas, coal at Comox for this port; Lanc
ing, lumber on the Sound for Port Plrie, 51s
3d; William Law, wheat at Portland for
Europe, 40s.
Weather Report.
(129 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 13-« p. m.
Th« following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twenty- four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season. season.
Eureka 0.08 47.30 81.65
Red Bluff 0.00 20.51 19.37
Sacramento 0.09 16.40 13.91
San Francisco 0.00 17.89 15. 3$
Fresno 0.00 7.35 6.76
Independence 0.00 2.78 1.16
San Luis Obispo 0.00 15.26 14.77
Los Angeles 0.00 6.68 4.79
San Diego Tmce 3. 53 4.58
Yuma 0.00 0.79 1.14
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
66; minimum, 48; mean, 62.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Arizona
and the Mexican frontier, and has also fallen
over the upper Missouri VaJley.
Over the northern half of the Pacific slope
there has been a slow rise.
The temperature has fallen slowly over the
entire country west of the Rocky Mountains.
In the great valleys of California the tempera
tures are from 6 to S degrees below the normal.
Light showers are reported generally over
the northern half of the Pacific Coast.
The following: maximum wind velocities are
reported: Wlnnemucca, 26 miles per hour from
the west; Carson City, 28 from the west.
Forecast mad* at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 14, 1900:
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday In cen
tral and northern portions, fair In southern
portion; light southwesterly winds.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
Ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
llrht westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. MeADIE.
Forecast Official.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.
I • at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at »
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich tfme.
Lieutenant Commander. V. S. N.. In chan:»-
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High a>™ *^ >w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San,
Francisco Bay. Published b*r official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point.
the height of tide Is the_same_at _both places.
SATURDAY. APRIL 14.
Bradstreet 's on Trade.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Bradstreet' s to-mor
row will say: Backward sprint: weather condi
tions hay« figured considerably In distributive
trade reports this week, and In connection with
some weakness In prices of leading: stocks, have
Imparted an appearance of irregularity to the
general situation. Ar-other of those downward
swings In the prices of agricultural staples is
exhibited this week In slightly lowered prices
for cereals, partly because of the bearish posi
tion of the Immediate supplies and partly be
cause of the better than expected Govern
ment crop report, which Is taken to In
dicate a position that winter wheat will yield In
excess of all records. The crop outlook as a
whole favors the expectation of a large yield
of corn and cotton. Corn and oats have sym
pathized with the reaction In pork products,
which reaction, however, has not been univer
sal, as shown by the fact that lard 4s at the
highest point reached on the present boom.
Cotton exports in March were three times those
of a year ago in value, and for seven months
are 7 per cent greater In value, while 23 per
cent smaller in quantity.
Evidences accumulate that active missionary
work In favor of lower prices for iron and steel
is at last bearing fruit. Prices were no lower
and stocks as a whole are claimed to be no
larger than a month ago, but steel products
have weakened noticeably during the week,
billets notlnc the sharpest decline, with cor
responding decreases in some other products.
The other metals show little change on the
week, copper belnsr In continued good demand
and firm, while tin is speculatlvely weaker,
and lead is strong at previous prices. The
hardware trade returns reports as a whole
relatively better, the best advices coming from
Western distributive centers.
A slight upward swing In cotton is to be
noted this week and Southern mills have ad
vanced prices. On the other hand while the
mills are active on old orders, new business Is
reported of smaller volume. Some more In
quiry is noted In raw wool, without, how
ever, affecting values. ,
The strength of raw sugar Is a reflection
chiefly of the fact that a considerable short
age is looked for in the supplies of cane sugar,
not only In Cuba but In the Far East. The
margin between raw and refined allows of no
profit at present prices. Anthracite coal is
rather weak at the decline/ shown In the win
ter list price, but bituminous is strong, particu
larly on account.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 2.898,653 bushels, against 3 836 -
963 bushels last week. 1,953,61 D bushels In the
corresponding week of 1899, 4,425,302 bushels In
1898, 1.344.013 bushels In 1597 and 2,017,679 bushels
In 1856. Since July 1, this season, the exports
of wheat aggregate 153.906.296, apalnst 190,329,
159 last year and 188.271.550 in 1897-38.
Business failures for the week number 152.
as compared with IS2 In tho United States last
week. 343 In this week a year ago, 215 In 1893.
195 In 1897 and 244 In 1596. Failures In Canada
were 35. compared with 25 last week, 25 this
week a year ago. 27 In 1898. 39 In 1897 and 34
In 1896.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Bradst reet's Financial Review.
10
m
Time; |Tlme; ITimej
1 Ft. j 1 Ft. 3
L W H W I. W
I Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
14 ...
15 ...
18 ...
17 ...
IS ...
1» ...
to ...
. 4:59 O.«J 11:45 4.7 4:4fi
. 5:33 O.»! 12:S0! 4.c 6:19
. 6:10 o.o' l:15| 4.5 5:52
H W (L W H W
. 0:02* 5.4) «:5l!-O.l 2:03
. 0:33! 5.4! 7:35—0.2 2:J ( i
. 1:13 5.4| IJSt-O-1 3:52
2:C2| 5.2' 9:13! 0.0 4:4»
2.2 11:10 5.4
2.5 11:33! (.4
l "'iL'w[
4.5! «:S1 »•»
4.5 7:1<»I t-1
4.4! 8:171 3.1
4.6| 9:23! 3.»
Steamer.
Ft
Due.
Arcata Cocs Bay Apr. 14
Aloha Crescent City Apr. 14
Jear.le Oyster Harbor _... Apr. 14
Columbia (Portland Apr. IS
North Fork (HumbolfH Apr. 11
Coos Bay Newport Apr. 15
Latruna Tillamonfc Apr. 19
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Apr. W
Empire Coos Bay. Apr. IS
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. 17
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puset Sound Apr. 17
Corona 3an Dlejjo Apr. 17
Tltanla Xar.almo Apr. 17
Welllniftoa Oystor Harbor Apr. 17
Pomona ISan Diego Apr. 17
Wlllametta ....'Seattle." Apr. 17
Mackinaw JSeattle Apr. IS
Matteawan .... Tacoma Apr. IS
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Apr. IS
Bonlta N«wpcrt ~ Apr. 13
Del Ncrte Portland Apr. 13
Peru Panama Apr. 19
Point Awia IPoint Arena Apr. W
Crescent Clty...|Crescent City .—•. Apr. 13
State of Cai.... Portland Apr- 2»
Samoa (Humbnldt — Apr. »
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. n
Coqullle River.. 'Grays Harbor lApr- TX
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 11. 2 pmlPler 3
Pomona ... Humboldt Apr. 14. S pmlPler 9
Santa Rosa San Dleijo Apr. 15. 11 amiPler 11
Queen [Vie & Pet Sd.'Apr. I 1?.I 1 ?. 1« am Pier »
Newbarg ...'Orays HarborjApr. 18. 5 pm!
Samoa jHumboldt 'Apr. 18. lOam-PlertS
Alohr. i Crescent City. I Apr. 16. 3pm I Pier t
Coos Bay...! Newport 'Apr. 17. Sam Pter U
Doric !Chlna&JapanlApr. 17. lprniPMSS
Nort^ ForkiHumboldt Apr. IS. 9 am! Pier 3
Columbia ..Portland Apr. IS. 10 amjPler I*
City Para..lP»nama 'Apr. H. 1! ml PMSf*
Arcata Coos Bay lApr. IS. 12 m Pter 13
lloana Sydney JApr. 18. 8 pmlPler 7
Corona San IMe^o L\pr. I*. 11 am'Pierll
Bonlta (Neivport 'Apr. Zl, 9 am! Pier 11
State of CaliPortland 'Apr. 23. V> amPler It
m
Time; |Tlme; ITimej
1 Ft. j 1 Ft. 3
L W H W I. W
I Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
14 ...
15 ...
18 ...
17 ...
IS ...
1» ...
to ...
. 4:59 O.«J 11:45 4.7 4:4fi
. 5:33 O.»! 12:S0! 4.c 6:19
. 6:10 o.o' l:15| 4.5 5:52
H W (L W H W
. 0:02* 5.4) «:5l!-O.l 2:03
. 0:33! 5.4! 7:35—0.2 2:J ( i
. 1:13 5.4| IJSt-O-1 3:52
2:C2| 5.2' 9:13! 0.0 4:4»
2.2 11:10 5.4
2.5 11:33! (.4
l "'iL'w[
4.5! «:S1 »•»
4.5 7:1<»I t-1
4.4! 8:171 3.1
4.6| 9:23! 3.»
Steamer.
Ft
Due.
Arcata Cocs Bay Apr. 14
Aloha Crescent City Apr. 14
Jear.le Oyster Harbor _... Apr. 14
Columbia (Portland Apr. IS
North Fork (HumbolfH Apr. 11
Coos Bay Newport Apr. 15
Latruna Tillamonfc Apr. 19
South Portland. Oyster Harbor Apr. W
Empire Coos Bay. Apr. IS
Nippon Maru... China and Japan Apr. 17
City of Puebla. Victoria & Puset Sound Apr. 17
Corona 3an Dlejjo Apr. 17
Tltanla Xar.almo Apr. 17
Welllniftoa Oystor Harbor Apr. 17
Pomona ISan Diego Apr. 17
Wlllametta ....'Seattle." Apr. 17
Mackinaw JSeattle Apr. IS
Matteawan .... Tacoma Apr. IS
Warfleld Oyster Harbor Apr. IS
Bonlta N«wpcrt ~ Apr. 13
Del Ncrte Portland Apr. 13
Peru Panama Apr. 19
Point Awia IPoint Arena Apr. W
Crescent Clty...|Crescent City .—•. Apr. 13
State of Cai.... Portland Apr- 2»
Samoa (Humbnldt — Apr. »
Santa Rosa San Diego Apr. n
Coqullle River.. 'Grays Harbor lApr- TX
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. 11. 2 pmlPler 3
Pomona ... Humboldt Apr. 14. S pmlPler 9
Santa Rosa San Dleijo Apr. 15. 11 amiPler 11
Queen [Vie & Pet Sd.'Apr. I 1?.I 1 ?. 1« am Pier »
Newbarg ...'Orays HarborjApr. 18. 5 pm!
Samoa jHumboldt 'Apr. 18. lOam-PlertS
Alohr. i Crescent City. I Apr. 16. 3pm I Pier t
Coos Bay...! Newport 'Apr. 17. Sam Pter U
Doric !Chlna&JapanlApr. 17. lprniPMSS
Nort^ ForkiHumboldt Apr. IS. 9 am! Pier 3
Columbia ..Portland Apr. IS. 10 amjPler I*
City Para..lP»nama 'Apr. H. 1! ml PMSf*
Arcata Coos Bay lApr. IS. 12 m Pter 13
lloana Sydney JApr. 18. 8 pmlPler 7
Corona San IMe^o L\pr. I*. 11 am'Pierll
Bonlta (Neivport 'Apr. Zl, 9 am! Pier 11
State of CaliPortland 'Apr. 23. V> amPler ItIt Reminded Him.
"I believe that policeman," said the pro
prietor of the blind pig, "suspects me.
I've noticed him snooping around here
half a dozen times within the past day
or two."
"Well," his bartender replied, "If that Is
the case the situation nere is very similar
to the one In South Africa."
"I don't know what you mean by that."
"A good deal is going to depend on the
spyin' cop." >
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICB
TO PLYMOUTH (LONDON). CHERBOCRO
(PARIS) AND HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
TO PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURO AND HAM-
BURG. ALSO NEW YORK TO CHERBOURO
A^** ti lI A \I HI, RG.
For Sailing, etc., Aroly to
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINK. 37 B'rtWy JTT
PAKIS HOTEL ACCOMMODATION
Reserved /tor Co.'» pasaensera on application.
HFRZOO St CO., Oen. Ajrts. for Pacific Coast.
401 California at.* corner Sooaome, S. IV
J t "">uiiiiuii!ii..iiii. i ;iiii: li!iiiiiniiii:iiiiiiiiiiiuii.I i!iiiiiniiii:iiiiiiiiiiiuii.
y^ PiLLS
: Cure 5
I and
I Quicker than anything else.
| 10 cents and 25 cents— Drurrists
9 iiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiitiiiiiitiiiiiii,,, „,,,,,,,, ll|n *
CC»?ASSIZ GE3EKALE TEASSATLASTiqCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVItE-PARI3.
Sailing every Thursday instead of <JLi3^s*
Saturday, from November 2. IS3D. at
10 a. m.. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st., LA GASCOGNE. April 19: LA TOU-
RAINE April 26: LA BRETAGNE, May 3; LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10. First class to Havre
$60 and upward; 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. HZ: 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J F
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Monti
gomery avenue. San Francisco.
Fish are prevented from swallowing the
nook by a newly patented guard, which
;!• s parallel with toe shank and Is slotted
at the lower end. to partially surround
ih<* BhanJt ur.ti! the fish takes hold, when
It iwinsi out and forms a stop by en-
gaging the jaws. ,
When One Is Away.
It i 3 good to be praised when you're gone
From the haunts that have known you
before — . •
To know, as the heart-breaklngr days wear
away.
That, back there, are people who honestly
say
They are sorry they see you no more.
It Is grievous, when one is alone, •
Far away where the bitter winds blow.
To be slandered by those who pretended
to be
His friends when they heard he could hear
and could see—
Who laugh at the jibes. of his foe!
But sharper than stabs in the back,
Moro bitter than bitterest gall,
It Is to be gone from the haunts you have
known.
To Bit as the dusk gathers— longing—
alone—
And never be thought of at all.
— S. E. Klser.tn Chicago Times-Herald.'
? Read the story of the "Cere- +
monies of the Vatican" in the +
+ Easter edition of The Call— out ~t
+ next Sunday. - That number +
? will be filled with interesting +
"t features, splendJr half-tone
+ and color work. +
£++++++++?++++?++++++?©
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOSDOH, PAS2S.
Mcpping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York April IS I New York May 9
St. Paul April 2S I St. Paul May 14
St. Louis May 2 j St. Louis May 23
RED STAf? LINE.
New Yor!<; cod Antwera.
From New York every Wednesday. 13 noon.
Westernland ...April 1«| Frieslan* May 9
Kensinjrton April 2S\ Southwark May H
Noordland May 2! Westernland ....May Z2
tMPIRE LINE.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24, to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailing.* June 30. July 31. August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage aroly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
20 Montgomery *t . or any of its agents.
The Easter number of The
Call appears on Easter Sun-
day, April 15, and will sur-
pass anything of the kind ever
published on the coast.
Arrested on Suspcion.
Officers Frank McGrayan and Al Holmes
arrested "Cockle" Marcey and John
Breen, well known characters, on How
ard and Third streets last night on sus
picion of being the men who robbed A. D.
Stewart, a drummer, of some valuable
watches a few day.? ago bn the Barbary
Coast, as published exclusively In The
Call. Charges of vagrancy were placed
against the men to hold them until evi
dence against them can be completed,
when they will be charged with robbery.
OLD MAN DIES
OF STARVATION
IN BERKELEY
John C Kenyon, a Hermit,
Found Dead, Deserted
and Neglected.
t »
BERKELEY, April 13.— John C. Ken
yon, 72 years of age, was found dead in
his cabin in West Berkeley last evening.
The case is very pitiable and shows neg
lect and carelessness. The surroundings
of his norae and the condition of the body
indicate that death waa by starvation. In
the midst of a populous neighborhood
the poor old man passed away neglected
and thrown aside by his friends.
Eight years ago Kenyon purchased a
twenty-five-foot lot. The property, how
ever, was immediately transferred to Ken
von's sister, who then resided in San
Francisco. Since then no trace of her has
been found. He had a little money at first,
and with odd jobs at coopering he man
aged to subsist without any outside aid.
Lately he has had to depend on wood cut
ting and clam digging. . At his age the
exposure necessitated in clam digging was
too severe for him. He contracted a cold,
which developed into pneumonia, prevent
ing him from earning his livelihood, and
the consequence was that he starved to
death. Mr. Kenyon was too -weak to pur
sue his regular habits, and none of the
neighbors paid any attention to his dis
appearance. His home consisted of a lit
tle shanty 10x12 feet, and when Inspected
by Marshal Lloyd and Deputy Coroner
Strelghtlff this afternoon was found in a
most deplorable condition. There was not
a morsel of tood In the place, except part
of an orange, and there was even evi
dence that the old man had died from
lack of food.
SOCIAL FAVORITES
WILL BE MARRIED
F. ARTHUR HAMMERSMITH.
MISS CLARA FORDERER,
ALAMEDA, April 13.— Two favorites of the younger society set. Miss
Clara Forderer and F. Arthur Hammersmith, are to be married next
Wednesday "evening, the 18th, at the home of the bride-elect, 1212 Re
gent street. Invitations have been sent out to a large number of their
friends by the young couple, and the wedding will be a notable event so
cially.
Miss Forderer Is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph F. Forderer.
the former president of the Board of City Trustees. She is accomplished
as a vocalist and Is one of the soloists of the Methodist church choir. Mr.
Hammersmith is assistant secretary of the Alaska Treadwell Gold Mining
Company and is popular among a large circle of friends.
SCOTTISH RITE
MASONS AROUND
FESTAL BOARD
Maundy Thursday Celebrat
ed With Impressive
Services.
Fitting Tributes Are Paid to the
Memory of Dead Brethren of
the Order by Sir Charles
li. Pierce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 13.
Maundy Thursday was celebrated with
impressive rites by the Scottish Rite Ma
sons last evening at the Cathedral of the
Rite, 305 Fourteenth street. The Wise
Master of Gethsemane, Chapter No. 2,
Knights Rose Croix, Brother Francis H.
E. O'Donnell, presided, who had prepared
a ceremony suitable for the combined
services of Maundy Thursday and for
memorial work, as there had been no
"Lodge of Sorrow" held by the brethren
of the rite in Oakland during the past
year.
Services were begun at 8 o'clock and
concluded at 9:30, when the brethren re
paired to the banquet room.- Toast were
responded to as follows:
"Our Country." Sir James B. Merritt; thirty
third degree; ''Our Supreme Council," Sir \V.
*'rank l-.erce, thirty-third ilegree; "The Spirit
of Masonry," Sir Jonn a. Britton, thlrty-eeconrl
degree: "The GranJ Lrfxige. Chapter and Ccm
mandery." Sir Frank B. Ogden, thirtieth de
gree; 'To AH Maeons of All Kites in All Coun
tries," Rev. Sir W. Hugh Fraser, thirty-sec
oni degree; "Our Veterans in Brotherly Love,
Kellef and Truth," Sir E. A. Sherman, thirty
third degree. K. G. C. : "Our Departed Breth
ren," Sir Charles U. Pierce, thirty-third degree.
After the regular toasts had been re
sponded to the following brethren were
called upon for short addresses: J. M.
Wilson, thirty-second degree, of Omaha,
Nebr.; E. E. Drake, thirty-second degree,
of Spokane. Wash.; J. G. Brother, J. L,.
Mayon of Oakland. Lin S. Church and
other brethren of the Oakland bodies of
the rite.
The brethren to whose memory tributes
were paid by Sir Charles L. Pierce, thirty
third degree, were:
John Christian B. Schlarbaum, thirty
second degree, died July 11, ISD9, San
Francisco, Cal.
Edward Waterman Roberts, thirty-sec
ond degree, died October 23, 1599, Oakland,
Cal.
James Franklin Luttrell, thirty-second
degree, died November 4, 1a99,, Marysville,
Cal.
George Patterson, thirty-third degree,
died December 6, 1599, Oakland, Cal.
James Ellsworth Vincent, fourteenth de
gree, died January 14, 1900, Massachusetts.
Thomas Coats, fourteenth degree, died
March 7, 1900, Oakland, Cal.
Charles Henry Twombly, thirty-second
degree. K. C. C. H.. died March 8, lyyO,
Oakland, Cal. . ' .
Those who were present at the services
and banquet, with degree and initials of
position, were as follows:
Francis H. E. O'Donnell, thlrty-gecond de
gree, K. C. C. H., worthy master; Francis F.
Jackson, thirty-second, S. W. ; Webb N. Pearce,
thirty-third, orator; D. W. Standeford, thirty
tnira, aimoner; C. E. Gilbert, thirty-third, sec
retary; William T. Hamilton, thirty-third,
treasurer; A. W. Bishop, thirtieth; E. T. Thurs
ton, thirty-second; William Ellis, thirtieth; U.
F. Strombersr, thirtieth; E. Woodln, thirty
second; Jacob Muller, thirty-second; "VV. H.
Fhlpps. thirty-second; E. S. Van Court, thirty
second; A. H. Merrltt, thirty-second; James H.
Taylor, thirtieth; James •Pringle, thirty-second;
Judson McCuily, thirtieth; H. Halght. thirty
second; K. W. Miller, thirtieth: E". C. Robinson,
thirty-second; Fred L. Krause. .thirty-second;
James H. Demlng. thirtieth; A. J. Patterson,
thirtieth;- It. J. Alden, thirty-eecond; A. D.
Smith, thirtieth: N. Walter Spauldlnff, thirti
eth; E. C. lirldEman. thirtieth; George Good
man, thirtieth; M. M. Samson, thirty-second;
J. AY. Richards, thirtieth; H. W. Taylor, thirty
second; John A. Brltton, thirty-second; Charles
L.. Pierce, thirty-third; William Cron Jr.,
eighteenth; Z. T. Gllpin. thirty-second; Richard
Jones thirtieth; A. L. Smith, thirtieth; J. O.
White, thirtieth; T\ L. Hansen, thirty-third;
J B. Schlndler. thirty-second ; Henry Evers,
thirtieth; -Herbert N. Howell. thirty-second; R.
C. Jionck, eighteenth; S. T. Rucker, thirtieth;
A. L.. Ott. thirty-second; A. Kendall, thirty
necond; Frank K. Mott, thirty-second; F. B.
Ogden, thirtieth; E. L. Watrous. thirtieth; R.
G. Ualston, fourth ; A. H. Stephens, fourteenth;
Anders Peterson, fourth; J. H. Hunt, fourth:
R. P. Wythe, thirty-second; H. A. Graves, thir
tieth- Edwin A. Sherman, thirty-third; Robert
Edgar, thirty-second; Charles F. Ott, thirtieth;
A. P. Patterson, fourth; George C. Pardee,
thirty-second; G. B. Danlela, thirtieth; Henry
P. Dalton thirty-second; G. S. Webb, four
teenth- Janies L. Mayon, fourth; A. L. Leber,
fourth; James S. Naiemith. fourth; J. L. Nleld.
John F. Slavln, fourteenth; Ben Dallerup,
fourth; J. R. Knowland, thirty-second;' H. F.
Kchleuter. thirty-second: O. H. Goodwin, thirty
second: Robirt Greljr. thirty-second; T. J. Mil
ler, eighteenth: L. S. Church, fourth; A. T.
Kerr. fourteenth. "v. .. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, April 13.
The annual election held by the Ebell
Society to-day terminated In the choice of
Mrs. Kate A. Bulkley for president. Mrs.
R. P. Gleason, the retiring president, re
ceived a large enough complimentary vote
to make the balloting interesting, thougn
she was not on the ticket arid had asked
her friends to retrain from casting their
votes for her. The number of the oallots
cast was ISO, less than one-half oi the
membership of the club.
The election is considered the most in
teresting in the society's history, for it
hinged on an issue — that of federation
with the State organisation— and never
before has there been an issue, but merely
the question of popularity and special fit
ness.
The friends of federation warmly advo
cated Mrs. Gleason for re-election, believ
ing that she deserved it for the excellent
service of the past year. So she was askod
to take a place on the ticket and even to
head an independent ticket. All of which
she refused to do. The anti-federlsts have
as warmly sought to put a strong mem
ber at the society's head who would not
declare for State federation. And after
some trouble and search secured but one
acquiescence to their nominations— Mrs.
Bulkley.
But in spite of Mrs. Gleason's stand she
was virtually a part of the ticket to-day,
even though she had communicated with
her friends asking them to support Mrs.
Buikley and had written Mrs. Uulkley to
the same effect. To-day in the face of all
Mrs. Gleason's determination votes were
cast for her so that she was forced, even
at the ballot-box in the LJbell rooms, to
try and prevent votes being cast for her.
This she did by putting up a notice thank-
Ing all who were eager to see her elected
for their kindness, but requesting that
they keep to the ticket for the sake of
harmony, declaring that she could not
again accept the offlce.
The election as it resulted must be, a
satisfying one, even for those who were
Mrs. Gleason's strongest supporters. For
Mrs. Bulkley, the new president, is capa
ble, popular and one of the organization's
most untiring and deserving members.
During the past year she has Deen record
ing secretary and has done a great amount
of work In connection with the new li
brary site.
To-day one of her strongest advocates
was Mrs. R. P. Gleason, recognized as her
most powerful opponent for the presi
dency. Mrs. Gleason declared that she
was "eager to be a layman again, for she
has much work apart from, the Ebell to
do and she dissuaded not a few from cast-
Ing their votes scattering In order that
Mrs. Bulkley might poll a large majority.
The remainder of the ticket Is as fol
lows: Vice presidents. Miss Mabel Gray,
Mrs. J. W. Musser; recording secretary,
Mrs. Frederick Allardt; correspondingsec
retary, Mrs. E. C. Sessions; financial sec
retary. Mrs. J. W. McClymonds; treas
urer, Mrs. L.. S. Burchard; general cura
tor, Mrs. J. R. Scupham; assistant secre
tary, Mrs. M. C. Chapman.
EBELL SOCIETY
ELECTS OFFICERS
FOR THE YEAR
Mrs. Kate A. Bulkley Is
Chosen President With
out Opposition.
Mrs. It. P. Gleason Given a Large
Complimentary Vote, Though
She Did Not Desire to
Hold Office.
PROBLEM TO BE
APPOINTMENT OR
OPEN PRIMARIES
Third District Committee
Will Meet During
. . Next Week.
George "W. Reed Favors Appointment
Because Committee Has No
Funds — Dr. Pardee Has Not
Taken Time to Think.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, April 13.
The Republican Congressional Commit
tee of the Third District will meet the lat
ter part of next week, probably Saturday,
when the matter or' selecting delegates
to the Republican State Convention will
be discussed. Under the instructions of
the National committee and the action of
the State committee the Congressional
committee becomes a very important body
instead of the rather supernumary organi
zation that it has always been. But what
it has gained in importance is offset by
the added responsibility, for everybody is
now waiting to see what it will do toward
the selecting of delegates to the State
convention.
This interest and responsibility Is
doubled because of the probable contest
between Dr. George C. Pardee and George
W. Reed for delegate-at-large to the Re
publican National Convention.
Though ihe instruct'ons of the National
committee provide that "delegates must
be selected in the same manner as dele
gates %re selected to a Congressional con
vention." there is a great deal of talk of
an appointed delegation. Some of the
members favor appointment upon the
ground that they have no funds to carry
on a primary.
On the other hand It is urged that an
appointed delegation, when there are two
candidates expecting support, would be
unfair. The strict interpretation of the
instructions of the National committee,
even those in favor of appointment say,
admits of no debate, and appointment is
urged on the ground of expediency and in
ability to meet primary expenses.
George W. Reed, who is at once chair
man of the Congressional committee and
a candidate for delegate-at-large to the
National Republican Convention, made
the following statement of his position:
"I do not know, and no one knows, what
the Congressional committee will do about
calling the election for the selection of
delegates to the State convention. There
are six members outside of Alameda
County and their opinions will have to be
consulted. As for myself. I am frank to
say that I favor the appointment of dele
gates as the matter now stands. It will
cost not less than $600 to hold an open
primary, and 1 do not see who will pay
this money. The Congressional commit
tee has not a cent, and I hardly think
that the candidates for delegates will pay
the money."
Dr. George C. Pardee, who Is accepted as
a candidate against George W. Reed,
though he has made no formal announce
ment of his position, would not express an
opinion as between primaries and appoint-
CHINESE WOMAN
SMUGGLED OUT
OF COURTROOM
Determined Effort to Prevent
Kern Quey From Being
Deported.
Sensational Sequel to the Examina
tion of Her Alleg-ed Abductor.
Recaptured After a Long
Chase.-
A sensational Fccne was enacted at
Mayfield yesterday at the close of the
preliminary examination of Wong Fong,
¦censed 'of abducting Kern Cjuey, the
pretty Chinese damsel, from her home
:n this city.
Just before the defendant was bound
over to the Superior Court Dr. Gardner,
inspector of the Chinese Bureau, ascer
tained that the woman had been brought
into the country by fraudulent means,
and. accosting her, demanded her certili
ci.tt. She replied that she did not have
one, and was immediately placed under
arrest. Just then Attorney Herrington,
who represented her alleged abductor, re
quested Gardner to interpret the testi
mony of a Chinese witness who was the
last to be examined. Gardner at first de
murred, suspecting something wrong, but
as the constable consented to keep a
strict guard over the woman he finally
agreed.
While the inspector was translating the
testimony of the Chinese witness word
reached him that an attempt was to be
made to get the woman out of the juris
diction cl the courts of Santa Clara
County. He immediately consulted with
a drnggist named Hall, who has a store
in Mayneld. and who has taken an active
interest in the prosecution of the abduc
tor, with ihe result thai Hall prorji.sed to
look out for the woman until Gardner
had finished his task. Evidently aware
that the scheme to abduct the woman had
been discovered, the constable asked.
Gardner if he had a warrant for her ar
rest.
"I arrest her in the name of the United
Stat«." replied the inspector. "It is not
necessary for me to have a warrant."
After the Chinese witness had finished
his testimony Gardner went to look for
the woman, and was surprised to find her
missing from the ante-room In which he
supposed she was safe from the gang
of conspirators. Seeing Attorney J. N. E.
Wilson of this city standing outside of
the courtroom, he asked him what had
become of the woman. Wilson pleaded
Ignorance and made an ineffectual at
tempt to delay Gardner in his pursuit of
the woman and her abductors. Hastily
eecuring a double ttam Gardner, accom
panied by Druggist Hall, started out to j
head off the conspirators and their charge, j
From a smaJl boy the inspector learned
that the woman, accompanied by two
Chinos- and Attorney Herrington, had
passed in a double rig only a short time i
before and were heading for San Jose, j
Gardner whipped up his horse and soon, J
caught sight of the quartet driving tu
riouxly along a crossroad. As the pur
suers drew near Herrington. evidently be
coming alarmed for his own safety,
jumped out of the vehicle. Without wait
ins to arrfst him Gardner continued the
pursuit of the rig in which was seated the
woman, overhauling it after a short but
epeedy drive. The woman was then
:>k. b into custody, and at once brought
t<. ihis city. A mysterious woman. wear-
ing eye-glasses, accompanied her on the
trip and seemed particularly solicitous
about htr welfare. She refused to give
her name, and the inspector concluded
that she was a sister (it Attorney Herr
rington. She insisted on going to the
County Jail with the Chinese woman, and
seemed determined not to leave her even.
V- ri r a moment.
Q At the request of Gardner Kern Quey j
afterward transferred to the City !
Prison, still followed by the mysterious ;
woman in black. After the prisoner had
teen placed in charge of the matron. Cap
tain Seymour ordered the strange woman
out of the prison. She reluctantly obeyed,
announcing that she would return this
morning and dpfy the prison officials to
separate her from the Chinese woman.
Kern Quey is one of the many wo
men who have been allowed to enter the
country without a certificate. It Is the
intention of Inspector Gardner to have
her deported.
LEF T HUSBAND
TO FOOT MANY
UNPAID BILLS
Joseph Maristany Does Not
Care if Wife Never
Comes Back.
Madame Harbidge Thinks Alameda
Is Slow and Only Fit for Church
and Sunday-School Peo
ple to Live In.
ALAMEDA, April 13.— Five month 3 ago
Joseph Maristany, the aged capitalist,
married Mrs. Annette Frelmann, whose
business name is.Mme. Harbidge. On the
19th of last month Mrs. Maristany went
East, ostensibly to visit her mother at
Marion, Ind. Now Maristany has discov
ered that his wife left him debts of 13000
and that- she never intends to return to
him. To a friend in Alameda she wrote
that Alameda. is too slow for her and only
lit for church and Sunday-school people to
live, in, adding that she . was going to
Cape Nome in the spring.
Mme. Harbidge came to Alameda In No
vember last and opened the Alameda
Cloak and Suit House, locating in one of
Maristany's stores at the corner of Oak
street and Alameda avenue. Maristany;
officiating as his own rent collector, met
the lady often and soon fell desperately
in love with her. She saw an opportunity
to save rent and when he proposed mar
riage acquiesced. They were married se
cretly and it was a month afterward be
fore the news leaked out. •
For a while Mr. and Mrs. Maristany
were happy, but by and by they began
to fight and famllv rows were frequent.
One night in the Park Hotel Maristany
threatened to throw his wife downstairs
and the police quelled the disturbance.
Seemingly Mrs. "Maristany-Harbidge"
prospered in business, however, and she
had any amount of patronage in Alameda,
employing as many as sixteen girls and
men at one time. When she proposed a
month ago to go East to visit her mother
and recover her health there was ncr one
to say her nay and her aged husband
helped her pack her things. The cloak
house was closed and Maristany was
given book accounts to collect and bills
to pay, amounting to about $5000.
"My wife left me the books, which
showed these accounts to collect and that
all bills had been paid," said Maristany
to-day. "Now I find that the book ac
counts have all been paid and none of the
bills against my wife have been settled.
They amount to $5000. My wife wrote me
nice letters after she left, but lately I
have not received any. I don't care if she
never comes back. She has cost me too
much. money already.".
Maristany's experience in matrimony
has been a costly one since his first wife
died in an insane asylum four years ago.
After two years as a widower he married
Mrs. Caroline Sperry, who. besides secur
ing a divorce after a short wedded life,
managed to secure about $25,000 of his
property, which she now holds.
In Tartan' or 'on*, le.'l"""'! «f«rMc mj
reran' *A as nerfum***. A Tartar lady will
rr»>l'« herself aer^nble by rubbinsr n piece
of freshly cut nnfnn on her hands and
over her countenance.
BAY AND KIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR I). S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. V\ cd.. Tnurs. anu Sat. ut 9: t j
a. m.; 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1308.
FARE 50c
England's Armored Trains.
The nacaJSeest ermore/1 train* uiied by Enc
!ana in her war with the Boer» will trans
port her troops, protect bri<?ce* and telegraphic
commimiratu.ns !n about the ume way that
BMttettcs'a Stomach Hitter* drives dyrpepsia
from- in* hun:an stomach and then mounts
ruard that It 6o+* not return. The Bitter* ha«
mon in t-vtry cane of indigestion, biliousness.
liv«-r and 'kidney trouble for the pa«t fifty
>-ar». It U mv«i U)1 b !e ,t, t al , tlmes .
RARE OLD BIBLE IS FOUND.
Antiquarian of Florence Discovers the
Volume in the Archives of an
Old Family.
A wonderful old Bible has Just been dis
covered in Venice, the fortunate finder be
ins Leo S. Olschkl, a well-known antiqua
rian of Florence. It is In five large vol
umes and was printed In Rome in the
printing-house of Don Pietro Massimo in
1471 and 1472. Soon after it came from the
press it was purchased by a patrician fam
ily of Venice, and It was In the archives
of this family that Olschki discovered it.
The edition of which it forms a part is
exceedingly rare, and large sums have
been paid for Imperfect copies of this
Bible. Olschkl paid 5400 lire ten years ago
for a copy of which two volumes were
missing, and a library in Berlin recently
osktd 13.000 lire for a mutilated copy. The
copy Just discovered Is probably the finest
in the world, and 30,000 lire was readily
paid for it by a buyer, who is supposed to
represent a wealthy American.— New York
Herald. . '¦¦<
fftPAHtflt 7?* ,3, 3 - 9 - Moana
JCiSIialL Ealls Tla Honolulu and
17 Ii Auckland for Sydney
m j^—^. Wednesday. April U.
rtitSinNUDv Tb> S. S. Australia
a rmnih»i ¦*"" ** Honolulu
{Ofilo3f2H- -Wednesday. May t.
WIUWUIM3 130)>> m t J d. m.
Favorite line around the world via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.; KlO first class.
». l». sfietfttLb « d.tiio.Ca. Hsts.. <I 4 Monisomerj
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St Frtiohi Offlce.32? Markst St
For opening envelopes neatly and rap-
idly a handy device is formed of a round
handle, with a steel blade projecting from
the end, which is guided across one end
of the envelope by a parallel strip of steel
which engages the edge of the letter and
steers the cutter.
"Agin" Precedents.
"If you do this thing," said the Con
gressman from Peach Tree -Flats, "you
will be establishing a dangerous pre
cedent, and I am always loth to estab
lish precedents."
"Is that." asked the gentleman from
Squash Hollow, "the reason you never let
any question come up without making a
speech on it, no matter whether you know
anything about it or not?" ¦/, \ x^
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at HoriKknr.it with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MART 7
Wednesday, April 23th. 19fiO
S3. AMERICA M A RU.. Saturday. May 13th. 1300
6S. HONGKONG MARU ..............
• Thursday. June llta. 1300
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market st.. corner F«rst.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
CAHILL CAPITULATES
AND UNIONS TRIUMPH
OAKLAND, April 13.— Union men are in
happy mood to-day on account of the vic
tory won over James A. Cahlll. on whose
k!ioi> a strike, was recently ordered. Ca
hlU has cjrrecd to employ only union
rainters and paper-hangers hereafter and
r'-cosv.izc the working-card system. His
former employes will all be reinstated.
The settlement of the strike has removed
ail ill-ffflir.g which formerly existed be
tween employer and workmen.
Sows' Milk for Babies.
A novel petition has Just been submitted
to the French Chamber of Deputies by a
woman resident in the finistere depart
ment. She proposes that steps be taken
to test the quality of sow's milk as a form
of nourishment for babies. Donkeys'
milk, /as Is well known, is superior to
cows' for the purpose, but the employ
ment of the domestic pig: has the merit of
novelty. Several doctors have already
Sronounced 'In favor of the innovation,
owever. — London Chronicle.
A QUESTION TOR DOCTORS.
Should a Patient Be Told That He Is
Beyond BecoveryP
Whether a doctor should tell a dying
patient, or one whom he believes to be
dying, that his case is hopeless is a ques
tion that has been brought before medical
and clerical men by the decision in a re
cent suit. The learned Judge said that a
physician who knew his patient's case
was hopeless and failed to tell him so was
guilty of a breach of trust.
"But," the doctors ask, "when Is a phy
sician to know absolutely that his patient
is certain to die?" They point out the
fact— no less well known to the layman
than to the physician— that many recov
eries have resulted In cases that seemed
absolutely hopeless; and, on the other
hand, that many cases which did not
seem in the leapt to be serious had fatal
terminations. "How, then." they ask. "Is
a physician or anybody else to say posi
tively that this man is going to die or
that man Is going to get well? In ninety
nine care- the man who to the physician
appears to be dying will die. but Is it not
well to consider that possibly every case
Is the one hundredth and to take every
precaution against doing anything which
will weaken the slender cord by which
life hangs?"
AH physicians, and. in fact, all people
who know much of sick people, declare
that hone and confidence that" he wul re
cover are most necessary things on the
part of a patient. They declare will
power and a desire to live are very es
sential aids to medical or surgical treat
ment. They point out the fact that a man
who wants to pet well and thinks he Is
going to get well will take the treatment
that his physician prescribes, but that as
soon as hope Is gone he gives up: he re
fuses to take treatment: he considers the
battle lost and refuses to continue the
fight.
Physicians *ay they realize the neces
sity of giving the sick man every oppor
tunity to arrange hi« affairs so th<«y will
be left In perfect order at his dmth and
also for giving ample warning of the pos
sibility or probability of death to oermit
of his reception of th? lost spiritual rites
but they say this can b«» done, by giving
th«» warning to the family and not neces
«»Hiy to the sick man.
The tenaHty with which a s!ck nerson
clings to life Is no less marked In one
avemge case than another, according to
tv.<» doctors. Th« "Id man or woman is as
nnrlous tw remain an atom In the life of
tni-» world as 1" the one who Js itmt e - n
t<"-lng uofn minhood or wnmanhood. The
•nan who has 'one been 111 Is Just as sollc
ff>»is nbout h'« '•erove'-y as is t*e mm
who has been lit but * few *ays. T n most
rasr>« evn the ner«on who has attempted
tn tpVt> his own life flnrt.has not. lmme
c<!«telv succee^e^ Is lust np desirous of
recovery as Is the person who has accl-
AerH>Uy fallen from a '"dd-r and broken
p few dozen bones.— St. Louis Repub
lican.
HER LIFE BLASTED
BY MORPHINE HABIT
, t.
OAKLAND, April 13.— Mrs. Julia J. Dur
ran of San Lfandro. a victim of the mor
phine habit, was consigned to the asylum
for th»» insane at Stockton to-day by
Judge Ogden on recommendation of Drs.
Knox and Sanborn. The drug has grad
ually undermined the woman's mind un
til she now imagines that she is being
constantly pursued by countless numbers i
of huge frogs. On several occasions the 1
unfortunate woman has procured a knife j
and threatened to kill her husband if he
did not protect her from her imaginary
bactrachian pursuers.
"Good-fcye Papa."
There were few dry eyes in the court-
room when the commission returned
their verdict of "insanity," and the un-
fortunate man seemed to realize the
gravity of his situation as the heart-
broken wife bade bim farewell. As the
officers started to lead him from the
room his little daughter came to him
and reaching up her chubby arms
around his neck. Between her con-
vulsive sobs came the pathetic words,
"Good-bye, papa; I guess. l'll never see
you any more."
The mental breakdown which settled
as a pall over this once happy family
came after years of concentrated ner-
vous strain and overwork had sapped
the brain- and nerves of their vitality.
How different might have been the end-
ing had that fond father known what
Mr. George H. Howard of Marshall,
111., knows to-day. Mr. Howard says:
"The first trouble I noticed was in-
ability to sleep, followed by general
weakness, which continued until I had
to be taken to and from my store in a
carriage. Finally I had to give up, and
for five months was confined to the
house with an attendant night and day.
For seventeen days and nights I never
closed my eyes in sleep. I was taken
to a private asylum, but in a few days
they brought me back again to die. A
friend brought me a bottle of Dr. Miles'
Nervine and persuaded me to try it.
After taking one-half the contents I
began to get some sleep, and when I
had used three bottles I was able to
return to my store. Had I taken the
nervine in the first place I would have
been spared months of agonizing tor-
ture and an expense of nearly $2000."
Dr. Miles' Nervine is sold at all
druggists on a positive guarantee.
Write for free advice and booklet to
Dr.. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONTEST TO WILL OF
LAFAYETTE BROOKS
OAKLAND, Arril 13.— The contest of
Mrs. Altec M. Wilkinson to the probating
of thf> will of hor deceased father, Lafay
ette Brooks, was begun to-day in Judge
Greene'* court. The estate is valued at
$:."..' \< in ihe petition, but Mrs. Wilkinson
Bllcces that 550.600 would be nearer the
correct figure.
By th*> if-rms of the wi!l J. H. Brooks, a
son, and Mary P. Brooks, the widow of
th* deo*^J<-nt. are named as executors, ajid
the hu!k of the estate is left to the widow.
Mrs. Wilkinson alleges that her father,
who was in ill health some time before
death, was unduly Influenced by her step
mother.
MILE A MINUTE
The spot in the Swiss Alps that attracts
the winter sportsmen of Europe is the
Cresta Run, at St. Moritz.i which is just
one mile in length. The tobogganing sea
son here begins about the middle of No
vember, when the first snow falls. The
condition of the run is not left to chance,
but the slide is prepared undtr the direc
tion of a committee.
S»vis3 toboggans In contrast to the Can
adian ones, made entirely of wood, are
raised on runners shod with iron or st^el.
The expert rider lies prone upon the to
boggan, head foremost, both hands grasp
ing the framework at the sides and both
feet employed in steering. Iron spikes are
secured to the toes of the boots, and by
trailing one or the other foot along the
ground the big sled may be guided.
But as this fashion of steering tends to
diminish the speed the most skillful riders
use the feet as little as possible and de
pend upon shifting the position.
Though the Cresta Run Is a mile In
length the whole distance may be made In
seventy seconds. At the steepest point a
mile a minute is made.— New York "World.
LAWRENCE G. SKANCKE
DEFIANT NO LONGER
Anthony Comstock May Cause the
Arrest of the Alleged Lottery
Promoter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Lawrence G.
Skancke of the "Guarantee Loan and
Trust Company," so-called, has come
down off his high horse and is In a suppli
cating mood.
"We are not doing any business at pres
ent," said he. "and will not until the Chi
cago courts decide whether It is a lottery
we are conducting. Why do you fellows
hound me and dig up my record? I am
only an employe and will lose my job if
Jones Is convicted."
It will be noticed that Skancke's tone
has moderated somewhat. Last week he
was defiant and offensive. It Is under
stood that Anthony Comstock has copies
of The Call containing the expose of the
lottery scheme and thinks of arresting
Skancke.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
4^ wharf, San Francisco.:
Y£^t.i- For Alaskan ports — 10 a. m..
S^s^3»K April 16. 21. 2r>: May 1. Cha"?^
KK£$kW%SH!k tfp company's steamers at Se-
C^VSffJWI For Victoria. Vancouver <R.
fJSv«O- l «^»1 C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
/~ r|| MinjjLjliil Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom i Wash t—
"7tll| v> a . m ., April 18. 21. 28; May
1 and every fifth day thereafter; change at Se-
attle to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Tarema to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka Humboldt Eay —10 a. m., April
14. 19. 24. 29; May I and every fifth day there-
Vor Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviot*.
Panta Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
Ea3t San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport—*
a. m. April 13. 17. 21.- 23. 29; May 4 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obtspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles)— ll a. m.,
April 13, 19. 23, 2T; May 1 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ensenafla, Masdalena Ray. San Jose del
Cabo; Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico)— lo a. m.. Tth of each,
month.
Fcr further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company rewrves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
w'»h^»t previous notice.
TICRfcT OKFICK —4 New Montgomery
etreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO.. On. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In accordance with the directions of the RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives of the Republican
Party from the several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention tn the city of Philadelphia.
Slate of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the 13th
day of June. A. D. ISCO, at 12 o'clock noon,
fcr the purpose of nominating candidates for
the office of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for such other business
as may be brought before said convention; and
in accordance with the Instructions given by
»aid National Committee, directing that th»
Congressional DUtrlct delegates shall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each said district, in the same
manner as the nomination of a Represectativs
in Congress is made in said district; therefore.
bs It
Resolved. By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMJTTEE OP CALIFORNIA,
representing the Republican Party of said
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of the Stats
of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held as hereinafter
provided, at which two delegates shall be
chosen to represent each of nuch districts In
the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held as aforesaid, and far th»
selection of two alternate delegates, to act In
case of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of the delegates of the Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district. In accordance with the call of ta»
National Committee.
Provided, That the basis of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District:
provided, that where aay Assembly District
embraces more than one county, there shall b<*
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county in such Assembly District.
¦nd one delegate for each 300 votes cast for
Henry T. Gage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor In IS3B. and one delegate for each frac-
tion of no votes or ovsr.
It Is further directed that the delegates
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet In State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May.
ISOO, at 2 o'clock p. m.. to select four delegate*-
at-lartre to the NATIONAL RKPUBLICAX
CONVENTION above mentioned, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act in case the delegates
selected be absent, for the election of a Slat*
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It is further directed that where primary
flections are held the test for voters shall be:
"I believe In Republican principles and In-
dorse the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of President McKlnley. and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the ensuing election."
It is further directed that contests must b«
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee In writing-, with a full statement
of the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting of the State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before th»
Ccngresstona! Committee with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the nth
day of May. 19C0.
Adopted by the nEPUULICAM STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at San Francisco. April
6. 19C0. E. C. HART Secretary
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.
BERNARD MOSES
BADE FAREWELL
BY STUDENTS
Grand Rally of Men and
Women in" Front of Li
brary Building.
Judge Taft and President Wheeler
Advise Young People to Work
Hard and Earnestly at
Their Callings.
BERKELEY, April 13.— Judge W. H.
Taft. president of the Philippine Commis
sion; President Benjamin Ide Wheeler
and Professor Bernard Moses addressed
the students of the University of Califor
nia this morning. A platform had been
erected at the base of the flag pole in
front of the library building, and around
that fully a thousand men and women
students assembled. The rally was In the
nature of a farewell to Professor Moses,
who has been appointed on the Philippine
Commission. Professor Mosea was greet
ed with cheers and college yells by the
students, as was also Judge Taft. Presi
dent Wheeler said:
"I want to use this opportunity when
I have bo many of you before me to say
Just a word about the very Interesting
subject of rushing. I have been very
fond of rushing myself. My experience
in the matter dates from my connection
with a small college, and I recognize the
fact that rushing is out of date, that it
Is relegated to the life of the small col
lege. All progressive universities that
have grown out of their swaddling
clothes nave given up the practice of
promiscuous rushing. "We are going to
see if the old-fashioned rush can be re
duced to a game of rules."
Judge Taft was then introduced and
said:
"Your president said I need only say
a word expressing my pleasure in being
here. But there Is one other word I
should like to say. I do not know that
it will be useful because it doubtless has
been already impressed upon you; but
the older I grow there Is one thought that
Impresses itself upon me with respect to
success in life and thatyl suppose you
are all Interested now to consider. When
you get out of the university and go into
the work which you are to do. don't be
at all careful of limiting your energy
to a narrow path. If you happen to be
employed as a clerk act as If you owned
the store and do the work as if you
meant to have the whole enterprise suc
cessful."
Professor Moses said:
"I am not going' to sever my connection
with the university, but simply going to
engage in a little work in connection
with university extension. Owing to cer
tain perilous conditions of civilization in
a certain part of the country which now
seems to belong to us, educational af
fairs are in a somewhat uncertain condi
tion and need looking after, and therefore
the university is sending out one of its
members to have something to do in ar
ranging the educational system of that
part of the country. I appreciate more
than I can tell you at this time the cour
tesy and good will that have been shown
me during my connection with the univer
sity."
For Constipation
YOU GET THE
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEK3 TO
IP OPt T IL. -A. IST ID
From Sp*ar-stre«t ""Vnarf at 10 a. m.
PA DC £l 2 First Closs Including Berth
InnL $d Second Class and Meal*.
COLUMBIA sails April 3
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Cast.
E. C. WARD, General A (rent.
«3> Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
£viss* OR JORDAN'S great d
JfJUSEUSS OF ANATOMY?
A Q| 1951 XAXZXT ST- . ttt fci *?Jj. l/.CaL 4
\ D The LarjiM! Anatomic*! Museum in the \
A Wand. W ei*ne»".ei or my contracted M
w IglS dnexe p^»lU»rly rared r>y the o!d:u T
O fft?*T|| ipecuiiitcmiJK C'owt EsL^yuiv $
2 A£*pA 03. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ g&*->P&n Co.nuUitton free and itrictlf pri»»te \
A f JfcSVa A '"" l!menl pftv>nal.y or br letter. A X
BiT if ll& Write for Baok. PBILOIOPOYtf A
'II I BtnaiAes, mailso pjtxs. *A\
X (A JX. »»luaUe book for am) \
9 J3B JORDAN & CO., 106! Market St.. B. f 9,
11SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
DBAXCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
?f>o Hayes rtrect; open until 9:30 p. m.
C 39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
(la Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
I>4l Mission Ftreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 8 p. m.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
109 C Valencia etreet; open until 9 p. m.
12C3 Polk street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ctn^etF; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
THE customa; v ten-ice of the Episcopal church
at lana Oiurchyard. Cypress Lawn, will be
held <n Easter Monday, Arril 16, at 11:15 a.
m. Take Vj.W train from Third and Town-
F?nd FtF.. or allow an hour for the trip by the
San Mateo e'.ectrlcs.
MEETING NOTICES.
CA LIFOR NIT" LoTjTe~Nor~l~F and A. j»
M-. v ;1' meet THIS (SATURDAY) _f\_
AFTEKTif X >N. Ajril !4. Ht 3 n'ci'Tli. TC3f
becond degree. Hy order of the Master, /^r '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Decree Ledge No. 2, _>si*a^2fc- *
I. O. O. F.— Regular nit-ntine f^s!£~
THIP (SATURDAY) EVENING. =^<S^^
Third degree. -'//m^'
A. K. KINGSFORD. D. M.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived explications to mine by the hydraulic
irocets irom the Red Dog Mining Company
and South Yuba Water Company, In the Red
Dog mine, near You Bet Station Nevada ;
County, to deposit tailings In Graenhorn )
Creek: from Martin Kline, in the Bowlder
Hill mine, near Placerville. El Dorado Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings in a ravine below the !
mine; from G. E. Volmer. In the Little Klon- i
dyke placer mine, near Placerville, El Dorado I
County, to de;>cs:t tailings in Coon Hollow
Creek, and from E. \V. Hayden. in the Bluff
placer mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in a ravine below
the mine, grlves notice that a meeting will be
held Bt room £S. Klocd building, San Fran-
clfco. Cai.. on April 30. ISOO, at 1:30 p. m.
ENGROSSING ¦ ~ '
Resolutions and diplomas a specialty. J. W.
Griffith. Heald> Business College. 24 Post at.
AnFNT* WANTED.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our
novelty machines; write; on application will
cend cut and terms. Thos. 11. Foote Co., Los
Angeles, Cal.
AGENTS for an all-round useful utensil; best j
ever invented: lIS to $25 per day; profitable, j
permanent business. Call or write HERRICK, I
1417 Brush St.. Oakland. ;
CANVASSERS wanted; salary and commis-
sion, h to 31 a. m., room 13, Donohoe bldg..
J. C. KHUCE.
A GOOD j-ropopltion for ladles or gentlemen. '
11 «" Market st.
astrology:
"MAN. know th>»eir and thy destiny"; horo- ]
scope cant by eminent Eaetern aatrologer.
Send 50c. with date of birth, to WILLIAM
SCHNEIDER, Frultvale P. 0.. Cal.
PROF. A. MASERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
oplst and palmist In the world: satisfaction
guaranteed. 437 Golden Gate aye.
ATTOR.NKVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a ppecialty; private;
no !>e without success; collections. G. W. :
BOWE, att'jr at law. S3O Market, cor. Btocktn.
¦U. A. *. rwICHOL6ON. attorney-at-law; tele-
I'h'ine Davis 234. 41') Kearny at.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless successful. W. i
W. DAVIDSON, 9^7 Market Ft., opp. Mason. |
V. 11. MERZBACH. attorney-at-law. has re- j
fumed practice at .'O3 Cal. Ft.. Clunle bldg. j
L. B. CLARK. Err.ma Bpreckel. bldg.. 527 Mar- i
kt t St.; oonp-jltation free; no fees in advance. I
DATU CABINKT— HOT AIK. VAPOK.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; door opens firm
and safe. W. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis.
I'.Ki I.IAX^ HAKES.
~~~ PACIFIC RABBITRY
AnJ
OAKLAND POULTRY YARDS.
Seventeenth and Castro Bts. Oakland, Cal.
Importers and Breeders of Pedigreed Belgian
Hares.
100 Thoroughbred Hares Just Received.
CHAMPION
KASHODA.
ROCHDALE.
LORD BRITAIN.
TRINIDAD and Other Celebrated Strains.
VlFit6rß Always Welcome.
BELGIAN HARES.
Additional to the lanrest stock of imported
end thoroughbred Belgians in the State we
have a full lint of 1.--'t:ari hare supplies of
the latest patterns in luU to suit.
Grain eelf-feeders.
Water se!f-feeder«.
Hay racks.
Improved rabbit jars.
Literature.
Printing supplies, etc.
fcan Kranclseo Belgian Hare Co., office
Fpreckels Market, rabbitry 1015 Shotwell st.;
tjrt-n dully until i p. m.; call.
LORD ESSEX, imported, fee $15; Teddy Roose-
velt, winner first prize L. A.. $15; Britain
Prinze, own eon of Lord Britain. $10: Dandy
Styles, own ton of Sir Styles, imp.. $10; Kll-
dar» imp., $5. Hlgh-claxs does, from $10 to
ITS (bred): also Krand bucks for Bale. F. E
MASON. 1719 Everett ft.. Alameda. Cal. Vis-
itors welcome, except Pundays.
CHAMPION
BELGIAN HARE
SANITARY HEAIHJUARTERS,
10034 Putter St., S. F.
THOROUGHBRED Belgian hares from all the
preatert winning Ftrair.s, Champion Edinboro
11. l^orii Britain and others. Tremont Rab-
Mtry. 243 ?arram<=nto Ft.: phnne West 237.
VICTORIA RAHniTßY— Headed by Pala?e
Royal, fcoring f prizes; other bucks at Btud
ar.d for sale; does of all grades and strains,
bred and unbred. 1177 Seventh ay.. E. Oakl'd.
CALEFHOOM for the Laurel Del! Rabbitry of
Sallriap. Ca.l., at the Montgomery market, 7.15
Market St.; ajrents for the Meadow Brook
Hare Company of Los Angeles.
MASCOT RAUBITRY. 427 Sutter fit., S. F. Fine
I**3i«rre«-d Ktock guaranteed; at reasonable
). rices; service. $15 and $25.
POX Mle— Pedigreed Belgian hare?: from $5
upward. MARKET-ST. RABBITRY, W. C.
HENTHAM. proprietor. 1522 Market et.
THE Encinal Rabbitry. Ha^lett & Bew, 1222
Grand et., Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
CHOICE alfalfa for Helriiin hares. » Onlden
ItUAKIIINO I«IK CUILLmUN.
PRIVATE hrme for children, 1 day to 15 years.
Bhy w.»ek or month: large nunny yard; select
neijjhb'.rhood: mother's care; kindergarten;
trrniy low. 13r>4 Pott, bet. Geary and Sutter.
ONE or 2 children to board: nice sunny yard;
(food home: references. 812 Mission Et.
GOOD board for one or two children; nice
h"tn». ryiA Capp Ft. •
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
tCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged
H'-'^-v. TVvk <•?., :m ytj..!^ «t n*ar Third
BARGAINS in ladies' and chlldren'a shoea;
drummers' samples at manufacturer's cost.
J K"Hi.P.K<KKH. 145 Fourth Bt.
lIISI>KS* CIIANC'US.
A— SISOO: BAKEHY on leading businesa street";
Western Addition; rent $C 5; 3 horses, wagon;
2 r.ew ovens; baking SS 1 * barrels per day; slck-
ce»* citMtv of «ale. Ste R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st.
A— JCiO; PARTNER wanted in old established
and first-class paying comer saloon: retiring
partner to if-ave for Nome; n splendid offer.
Call R. «. ,WILKE. 306 Market St.
A— sl2oU; CORNER ealoon; established for many
yeans and doing a rushing business; rent
$42 [-0; best location on Sanaome et. : owner
clears above $liO per month. R. G. WILKE
!-"« Market at.
A— s7^o; CORNER ealoon. with 11 club and la-
dies' rooms; rent $40; place established for
years; very best location: first class; pavlnc.
Call U. G. WILKE. *06 Market Bt.
A-$2200; CORNER grocery and bar on Hayea
»t.; rent 125, including rooms; large stock of
liquors and groceries: a first-class, paying
business. Inquire H. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— COCO; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
lfviPE room*: rent J.V); 3 yeara' lease; the best
corner on Mission Ft.; place., doing a Rood
laying cash business; full value in eight.
Call K. G. WILKE. 9GC Market Bt.
A— s3jO: CIGAR etore ; clearing $4 dally: splen-
did location: Market and East Bts.; rent $12.
Ca'.: R. G. WILKE. S*j6 Market at.
OI'ICK eales In our motto.
Should you want to buy, sell or exchange any
iirot>erty or bu«ir.es». we are able to please
you in every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEG LA DDERY. 75» Market Bt.
FOR ea!e- -An established manufacturing busi-
ness for the reproduction or restoration of
hair- rights and patents all clear, doing ftn Al
Lurim-fs and receiving orders from every dl-
r^tion HKOCKUURST & MEGLADDERY.
75i> Market Et. '
KOOO— FINE livery and feed stable; everything
romDlete- clears $200 per month: elcknees
SSSrf«le. JONES & CO.. BCS Market *.
BUSINESS CHANCEL— Continued.
LIST~YOUR STORE
6ALOON, CITY OR COUNTRY REAL
ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
WITH ME
I CAN SELL IT FOR CASH
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 MARKET ST.
PHONE JOHN 6L
60-ROOM HOTEL
AND 'BAR.
60 BOARDERS.
Bargain. Price with DECKER, 1020 Market.
$750— SALOON on East St.: paying business;
rent $50 Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market 6t.
$2750— GROCERY and bar; paying business;
must cell. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
GROCERY and saloon; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; long lease. Call Liquor Dealers' Jour-
nal. C 334 California Bt.
TRANSFER saloon ; cheap If sold this week.
Liquor Dealers' Journal, 639>£ California st.
BARGAIN for buying or Belling saloons or any
business; fair treatment. Liquor Dealers'
Journal. C29H California st.. room 1.
$3<K>— PARTNER wanted in good paying saloon;
steady man required. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.,
7774 Market ft.
$300— BAKERY with oven: bargain this day.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market Bt.
5275 — CIGAR etore; centrally located; come
quick COWING & CO.. 719 Market St.
A CANDY store: best In city: receipts $20 dally.
COWING ft CO.. 719 Market Bt.
BARGAIN— Good paying dairy; 17 cows. 3
horses, route,* etc. : only $1100; must sell im-
mediately. Lock box 127. Frultvale P. O.
WELL-ESTABLISHED branch bakery, candy
and notion store cheap; reasons, going back
East. Sl6 Railroad aye. South.
j BARBERS— S-chalr Bhop complete for $100; i
cheap rent. Apply 1542 Market st.
i SHOE shop for sale; 2 machines. 332 Bush fit.
CANDY factory, ice cream parlor; trade estab-
lished; good business; $375. Box 3471, Call.
A—s2sA — $250 — PARTNER; moving and storage busi-
ness; $150 monthly. KREDO&CO.. 22Vi Geary.
INTEREST in large dental practice of long
standing; excel, opportunity. Box 3463. Call.
$£0 TO $15.000— Parties to inveEt amounts from j
$50 to $15,000 for Increasing manufacturing
business; staple article; always In demand:
no competition; pays over 25 per cent per
annum; money secured. Addrees box 3413,
Call office.
$Sf>O— PARTNER in the country in a nice cigar,
tobacco and notion store; billiard parlor and
barber shop, etc.; expenses paid while here
investigating. For particulars write lock
I bot 144. Geyßerville. Sonoma County, Cal.
FOR sale cheap — Complete brickmaklng plant;
i casoline engine: Quaker machine: capacity
i 15,000: located on Donahue road: convenient
for shipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO., Hilton, Sonoma County. Cal.
OLD-ESTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
! niched rooms, all rented; near car houses and
transfers: rent $35; going to Cape Nome.
1915 Central aye.
$ISOO— FOR sale: one of the best located res-
I taurants in city: owner has two places; a j
I fortune to the right party. Ad. box 3017. Call. '
j CORNER saloon; test location; rent $20; must j
be sold before Saturday: make an offer. Ad- |
drees box 3462. Call office. I
$300— SALOON and cafe, with piano, for sale: j
owner going away; rent $30; old established. •
Box 3427. Call office.
PARTNER wanted in fruit and vegetable busi-
ness: small capital. Address 432 Cortland
i avenue.
! SHOEMAKER'S outfit for rale cheap: tools,
! machine, lasts, etc. Box 3437. Call office.
$6000— PARTNER wanted. In lumber manufac- i
I turlng business: no agents. Box 3439. Call.
! $800 — CORNKR grocery; no bar; new, clean
! etock. Inquire 1126 Larkln, cor. Bush: no agts. I
' STATIONERY, notion and cigar store; fine lo-
I cation, near 3 larsre schools. 200 Hayes Bt.
j 4-CHAIR barber shep for sale cheap; party
going North. SC9S Sixteenth St.
BAKERY store, 11C5 Howard St.; 4 rooms, with j
large oven and tools to-let low. [
$350 — For sale; groceries and bar and lodging-
house. 129 Perry st.
GOOD bakery for sale cheap; in the country.
Box 2746, Call office, Oakland.
$500— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen store
for Bale Box 3035. Cell office.
COFFEE and tea routes suDDlled from GEO.
W. CASWELL Sc CO.. 412 Sacramento st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH orttce for the reception or adver-
tisements and EUbasriptlons has been opened
at 1223 Polk at. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
l*nc!a «t.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery and laundry; 3-can milk wagon;
2-eeated spring wagon; 1 heavy and 2 light
delivery wagons. 22 Cortland aye.
NEW A 2d-hand wacons, buggies, carts & har-
ness, work &. driving hordes. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING out. half cost. 100 sets harness, 200
wairons. 1140 Fol«om at. near Elebth.
CAPE NOME.
CAPE NOME rocker; cheapest, Uchtest and
best; no nails; no screws; won't break. 1911%
MlßFlon st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become di«i?Ußted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama at.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 Bth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
. 453 Stevenson St.; Ul. South 228; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth at.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Bt. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beatlnsr Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. : telephone East 126.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! REMOVED!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Most Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant,
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
WRITE
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mail is alwajs :uc-
cegKful and satisfactory, and all correspondence
is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call, MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 1061 Seventh
aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get
off at Clinton Station, second station from
Broadway.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, Iplls past
and future; cures diseases by sympathy;
nwer fails; has the t-even seals, the Kr<?ate3t
Egyptian secret of the world; shows picture
of future husband or wife: Rives lu:ky num-
bers; advice in all speculation, love and legal
affalnt; any one consulting the madam-? will
be oonx-lr.ced that Fhe Is no gham; t ps on
races; prices 25c and up: come and you will
be surprised; gives satisfaction to •»v<:ry one.
1167 Market Ft., bet. Seventh anl EUhth.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderTul
medium, late of Stockton. Is located at 43
Sixth st. : Bpiritual labor readings dally from
9 a. m. to 7 p. m; circles every evening.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Fri. eve., 10c;
read.. L. 25c. G. 600. 1204 Flllmore, nr. Turk.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: sit. daily; consult, free;
meeting to-night: all Invited. 148 nth, rm. 1.
MRS. PEAL, spiritual and healing medium;
readings and treatments dally. 24 Sixth at.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader; sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
MRS. ROBINSON. 164« Market, opp. nth; rlt-
tlngs dally; circles Monday and Friday e-'es.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1123 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th: dr. Mon., 8 p. m., :5c
MRS. C. J. MEYER. 335 McAllister: Bpiritual
trartlrr* dally; test dr. to-nlcht. Thurs. at 2.
clairvoyants.
m!*s7~dk~claric
the well-known trance medium,
permanently located at 205 turk.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
while entranced ehe reveals every hidden myß-
Btery; Fhe will Bhow you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost affections; unite the separated; recover
Io»t or stolen property; locates minerals;
tells your entire life, while In a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mall.
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK. 205 Turk sL. near Jones;
houra. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. dally. .
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: elves best advice In difficult
matters. 19 Fulton St.. near Larkln. - .
MADAM SYLVESTER, the celebrated scientific
palmist and clairvoyant medium; fee, ladies.
Me; gents. U; 10 a. m. to t p. m. 313 Eddy et.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
CLAIRVOYANT, medium and palmist; all you
seek to know answered without questions;
satisfaction; readings 60c. 126 O'Farrell at.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh at., original gypsy
life reader; last week; readings 25c. ¦
MRS. DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
MRS. SHELDON reads life fluently; business
advice. 850 Market st., second floor, room 37.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921& Mission. op.Mlnt.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c: truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Bluings dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice, names given: 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hu»-
h»nd'» picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell at.
COLLECTION OFFICES. •
GEORGE W. KELLY',B Agency: no charge un-
l»>s successful. Room 310. 827 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CALIFORNIA, 2913— Cottage; 5 rooms; bath;
larKe yard.
SUNNY cottaceß, 4 and 5 rooms, basement,
yard: stable If required. 1876 Fifteenth st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
chloroform: also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings
from $1 up; other fillings from 60c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 50 up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full- ret of teeth on a gold plate, $25; teeth
without a plate; crown and bridge work our
specialty; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: filllnss, 60c: crowns. $3 50: all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. £4 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $3; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth. $5; cold crowns. $3: new
methods In brtdce work; fillings, gold, $1 up;
silver. 50c: painless extraction, 50c; fras given.
New York Dental Parlors. 9C9 Mlnslon.oor.6th.
DR.' LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charee for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $8
per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling Inserted for 75c. with writ-
ten puarantee for 5 years: plates. $3; crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
MEYER. Deutscher Zahnarti. 6 Turk; painless
ext.. crowns, bridge work; open Bund, till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third St.: crown-
bridge work: ext. painless; full set teeth 17
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set .of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenlncs and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth. •
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk at.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evpnlncs and Sundays. 850 Market.
DOG "^PJTAJ^-
DR. CREELET'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills by all druggists or at the dog hospital.
£10 Golden Gate aye. ; a special ward reserved
for contagious diseaßea. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Dog Hospital. Post. Fillmore—
Advice and medicine 75c; city visits $1 60; all
nnirrmls trentPd: dors boarded. Tel. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring School;
French tailoring system taught. 411 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School; sewing de-
partment open to all during March, 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary Bt.: dresses
made, $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
; ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Bt., S. F.—
Practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
, tpying, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engin-
eering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial Western
Business University; arranged in departments;
pay only for what you get. Call or address
723 Market at.. San Francisco.
ALL students but two taking full course
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES". leading business college. 723 Market;
Individual instruction: bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey. aßßay. cyanide, arch.; day. eve.; est. 1564.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. O. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory: rapid
calculations. Tarr, Expert Acct., Flood bide.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mission ;vlolln, guitar.
FREN'CH.SpaniKb.etc.Prof.De Fillppe'» Academy
of lan|ruage*,32O Po«t;estab'd 1871; ablest pruf*.
ESPINA, Penman; business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spaninh. 837 Phelan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin; reasonable terms:'
thorouEh instruction. Studio. 405 Geary, r. 47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A^3XPANESE-CHlNESE~Contractor and ~Em^
ployment Office furnishes best laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, oft O'Far-
rell, bet. Powell and Mason: tel. Black 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post st. ; telephone Bush 135.
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office-
Best help. 417 Powell St., telephone Clay S6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nfse. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 6072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
I>«l hflp. 4HH O'FarrHl »t. : tel. East 426.
KM PLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
BY a Parisian young lady, epeaklng English
fluently, a situation as lady's maid, compan-
ion or nurse, to go to Europe. Address J.
COCAGNE. Redland*. Cal.
LADY with little girl. 8 years old, would like
a place to work In small family; home more
than wages; good plain- cook; city or Oak-
land. 217 Clementina st.
A RELIABLE girl wishes general housework
or cookinc in private family; best reference;
wages $20 to $25. Please call 623 Stevenson
st., near Sixth.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes position as
housekeeper for respectable party. Address
Miss H.. 1020 Howard Bt.. room 21.
WOMAN wishes Ironing or washing by the day;
Him housecleanlng. 110 Montcalm st.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter wants posi-
tion; experienced.* Box 3417. Call.
RUSSIAN Finn girl wishes a situation to do
general housework. Call 169 Shipley, dff Fifth.
COMPETENT person. wants a place as cook;
willing to assist. Apply 104 Van Ness aye.
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant widow desires' a
position as housekeeper in a widower's fam-
ily where she can ' have her - boy of 8 year. ¦
with her; will take entire charge; first-class*
references: city or country; none but those
meaning Btrlctly -business need answer this.
Address MRS. D. A.. 418 Jones St., city.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes a place; is
good cook and housekeeper; light work; mod-
erate wages; city or country. Address 341 :
Minna .st., between Fourth and Fifth.
WANTED— A situation: a lady, about 36 years,
a» chambermaid or waiting at tables; in city
preferred. Apply 965 Mission st.
WANTED — Sewing and mending to do at home.
Call at 150 Fourth St., room 7. : -~ . ¦¦¦
YOUNG lady -desires a position as ¦ bookkeeper
and typewriter; has had two years' experi-
ence. Address box 3431, Call office.
RELIABLE woman wishes to do housework by
the day; $1 and car fare. 758 Howard st, .
GERMAN girl, speaking German, French and
English, wishes a position to take : care of
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or -address 215 Union st.
WINCHESTER Houße. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $6
week, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisement, and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception ' of adver-
tisements and ; subscriptions ha. been .opened
at 1223 Polk *t.:'ot>en until 9 0.-m."- - - <
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement, and
subscriptions haa been established at 10M Va-
lencia st. BSSSSh
EMPLOYMENT ' WANTED— MALE.
BRIGHT French boy, neat appearance, 14 years,
who 'understands little English, wants situa-
tion for Btore work; references. E. MARTY,
care of Legallet Tanning Co., South San Fran-
cisco.
COMPETENT, all-around cook for English.
French or German kitchen wishes a situation;
country preferred. Address box 3464, Call.
YOUNG Frenchman -w^ho speaks some English
wants situation in private family to do house-
work; references. L. PICHON. 514 Bush st.
MAN and wife want situations; man willing
to do any kind of work: woman as chamber-
mald or housekeeper. Box 3412. Call office. '
EXPERIENCED man cook wants situation in
hotel, boarding-hse., sum. resort. 515 Ash aye.
DRAUGHTING: by young man, some experi-
ence: familiar with mining machinery; pay
nominal. Address box 3500. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ftllmore st,
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk Bt. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1096 Va-
! lencia Bt.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
post ape paid.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
1071H Market st.: examinations free; German
eyewater by mall. Me. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET. .
A— BRAND new flats: 4 to 10 room.; $18 up.
SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st. •
ELEGANT sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath. •
Metcalf place, off Geary St., bet. Mason and
Taylor.
FELL, 624— Flats of 3 rooms and bath, $13; also
flats, 4 rooms; no bath; $9.
FOURTEENTH, 726, near Market— B sunny •
rooms; large yard and stable; rent $16. .-: /- - '
IF ycu wart to move get printed liet flats to let
frcm BALDWIN ft HOWKLL. 10 Montgomery.
MISSION. 1513%, near Eleventh— Upper flat; 6
large eutxny rooms; bath and laundry; rent
reasonable.
NICE sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and bath.
971 Golden Gate aye.; rent $23.
BUNNY lower flat; 5 rooms, bath and yard.
1744.F0180m Bt., near Thirteenth.
SUNNY lower flat; 4 rooms; newly papered;
116^4 Perry st. ; two entrances; rent $10.
TO rent— Small flat; $1L 11 Adelaide place, off ,
Taylor at., bet. Post and Geary.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third aye., corner Clement;
take Sutro car.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paces, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
FUII.MTURE FOR SALE.
GREAT snap— Elegant furniture of 5 rooms;
brand-new: Lowell Axminster carpet; in use
only 1 week: flat on Lyon St.; rent $16. A. J.
MOORE. 1039 Market st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60. with No.
7 r«ntr<*. Klne Furn«tnr» Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
piano. 1135 Market si. : telephone Jessie 761.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
W. K. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buy*
furniture, carpets.. 757 Mission: tel. Red 3353.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM pays spot cash for
furniture. 733 Mission: phone Black 4074.
WANTED — Low roll-top desk In good condi-
tion. Address box 3467. Call office. •-,'
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
It pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Sacramento, $25; waitress, Fresno,
$25, free fare; 2 waitresses, Fresno, free fare,
$20; waitress, St. Helena, $20; 3 waitresses,
same hotel, city, $20; chambermaid, city, $20;
chambermaid, city, $20: chambermaid, city,
$17 60; bread and pastry baker, institution, $40.
FAMILY ORDERS
Swedish or German cook for American fam-
ily of 2, $30, see party here at 3 o'clock to-
day, choice place; cook for men on a ranch,
$25, see party here at 9:30 Saturday; houseglrl,
2 In family, for Martinez, see party here; 2
second girls, city and country, $20, $25; C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
WOMAN shampooer for springs. $25 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AN experienced lady cashier for a restaurant.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, no wash, $35; 6 cooks, small
wash, $30; 5 cooks, German style, $25, $30;
parlormaid and waitress, $25; 4 second girls,
$20, $25; 3 hotel cooks, $30; 12 hotel waitresses,
$20, city; waitress, country hotel, $20, fare
paid; 7 chambermaids and waitresses, $20; 8
restaurant waitresses. $6, $7 week, $25 month;
pantry girl. $20; 6 fancy lroners, $9 a week.
$25. $30 month, city and country laundry;
mother and daughter, $30; 75 houseglrls, $20,
$25, city and country. J. F. CROSETT CO., I
316 Sutter at.
WANTED— Mother and daughter or 2 friends
to work in kitchen for an institution near
city. $55 per month, with board, lodging and
washing. Apply to W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell St., parlor
maid and waitress; city, $15; second girl;
small family; short distance; $25.
25 GIRLS: general housework; wages $15 to $30:
all kinds of positions. Room 202, 927 Market
street.
AN exncrlenced girl to operate a body lroner;
must know how to do starch work; none but
first-class need apply; wages $10 per week.
Apply box 334, Vallejo. Cal.
WANTED — Experienced cape operators. Apply
MEYER BROS., 7 and 9 Battery st.
WANTED- Experienced finishers on ladles'
Jackets. MEYER BROS., 7 and 9 Battery st.
WANTED— A waitress at 207 Third st.
GIRL wanted; light housekeeping; good home.
501 Hayes st.
WANTED— Dishwasher: call early. 631 Ellis st.
WANTED— A girl to work in bakery. 330
Third st. _^
GIRL wanted; general housework. 2327 Bush
street.
RELIABLE girl, with references, as cook;
wages $25. 2201 Broderick, cor. Washington.
WAITRESS In restaurant. 113 Turk st.
DRESSMAKER or flrst-clasa seamstress; at
once. Room. 202. 927 Market at.
GIRL for light housework and to assist waiting
at table; sleep home; wages $20. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework in
family of four. 425 Fair Oaks st.
GIM,S wanted that understand pasting paper.
41 Fremont st.
WANTED— Lady to talk on female remedy In a
doctor's office. Box 3469. Call.
COMPETENT woman to manage office; must
be over 30. Box 3470, Call office.
GIRLS WANTED
To work on shirts: beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO., 36% Fremont St.; elevator.
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists.
HOFFMAN & STEINHART, 230 Sutter St..
third floor; take elevator. [ .. ¦¦ ¦
WANTED— Young Klrl to do light housework;
wages from $8 to n). 9 Lotta St., near Stan-
}\an, off Parnassus aye.
A GOOD home and pay for an old lady or young
girl to assist In light 'housekeeping. 511 A
Castro st.
TAILORESS wanted. Apply. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 718 Market at. _^
FINISHERS on coats, good hands, wanted. E.
MESSAGER, 145 Post at.
WANTED— Woman or young girl a few hours
dally to assist. 1907 Polk et. -
TWO cooks for restaurant; 4 waitresses; 3
housekeepers. 626 I at., Sacramento. Cal.
WANTED— Apprentice girl for finishing.. 8. F.
Mnfg. Ca. 409 A Turk st. __^
WANTED— A German girl for light housework
at 702 Capp st. -
APPRENTICES for tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASGO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market Bt. : . ¦ • . .
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
evening class; illustrated catalogue and 'map
of city mailed free; hairdrenalns taught In 4
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay at. .
FEW young ladies to Join night school; low
rates. Ayreß' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception or adver-
tisements and subscript lons i has ' been opened
at, 1223 Polk Bt.. Open till 9 p. m: ;•
A BRANCH: office for Call advertisements and
subscription, has been established at 1036 Va-
lencia St.
HELP WANTED—3IALE.
WANTED^cierk for general merchandise store
in country, $25 per month and found and in-
crease; 5 miners, $52 per month; 3 milkers,
near city, good steady Jobs at $30 per month;
milker for Nevada, $35 and fare paid, must be
Portuguese: married furnace man for quick-
silver mine. $65 and free house rent; Ameri-
can farmer. Alameda County, $25; 2 German
farmers, near city, $25; 15 woodchoppers. dif-
ferent places; porter for saloon In city, $25.
board; kitchen hand for resort, $20 and found,
and 100 others; choreman and raise a few
vegetables on ranch near city. $24 and board.
W. D. EWER & ca. 610 Clay st.
A— MURRAY & READY. ...PHONE MAIN 6MS
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
3426 MEN WANTED TO-DAY, 7 A. M.
8 blacksmiths and helpers, shops, ranches,
etc.. city and country
$2 50 day, $45, $40. $30 and found
Carriage trimmer, $SO; band sawyer, $4 day:
21 miners, single-hand workers $73
14 laborers for a mine, fare $1 60.. 543. $50 & fd.
16 laborers fcr a silver mine.. $30 to $35 and fd.
No experience required of laborers for mines.
6 stablemen, city and country Jobs
$30. $40, $23 and found
16 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb, pick
peas, etc., fare 30 cents $17 50 and found
69 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for all parts
of California $26. $25, $20 and found
29 milkers, different places. .s3o. $25 and found
Gardeners, coachmen and choremen
15 men or boys to do chores.. s2o, $15. $10 ft fd.
2) teamsters and laborers, city Jobs.. s3o & fd.
2<i laborers, fare 60c, you'll suit $26 and fd.
34 laborers and teamsters for San Mateo and
Alameda counties $26. $27 50 and found
356 tlemakers and woodchoppers, $3, $2 50, $2,
$175. $150, $1, 70c cord, 12c and 13c each.
some at mines
50 scraper teamsters $26 and fd., $1 75 day
Gang edgerman; carriage woodworker. $3 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— NO experience required on this Job and....
WE PAY YOUR FARE.
25 laborers for the mills, woods and yards of
a large company; $26 and found; ship to-day;
call early.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HOTEL.
47 cooks for different hotels, cafes, ranches,
etc $50, $40, $35 and $25 and found
First and second cook, email hotel, mining
town, $40 and $25 and fd.: second baker, city
Bhop, $10 week: 15 waiters, different city and
country hotels, restaurants, etc., $30 and $25
and f d. : kitchen hands, dishwashers, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Bt.
WANTED — Second cook and baker, nice place,
$12 week: broiler, $55; fry cook, $60; third hand
baker, $35; second hand baker, $30; night stew-
ard, $10; porter, restaurant, $5; cook for coun-
try, $40, $30; ranch cook, $17; waiters for ho-
tel. $25, $20; dishwashers. $6 $5 week; vege-
table men: other restaurant and hotel help. J.
F. CROSETT Agency, 628 Sacramento st.
MAN and wife for resort; wife for cook; man
for outside work; $50. J. F. CROSETT
Agency. 628 Sacramento Bt.
C LABORERS to learn mining, $2 day; 4 more
laborers for mine, $2 25 day; 3 Burleigh drill
miners, $3 day; 10 woodchoppers for mine,
$1 25 to $2 cord ; 30 laborers for mill and woods,
$26 and board, fare advanced; farmers, milk-
ers, $25 and $30; 2 farmers and wives, $40 and
$45; fruit farmer. $250 year; foreman small
fruit ranch; vegetable gardener, $1 day and
board; sheep herder, $25. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 62S Sacramento st. ¦ .--'-"--
STABLEMAN and canwasher. $30 and found;
circular sawyer. $4 day: band sawyer, $4 day;
machinist, $3 day; 2 blacksmiths, $40 and
board and $65; 2 sash and door machine men.
$2 f.O day. and many others. J. F. CROSETT
Agency, 628 Sacramento st. r,.;.-
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/5....104 GEARY ST.
Wanted for the Coaet Road— free fare.
Stonemasons $3 50 a day
Masons' helpers $2 to $2 25 a day
Hock laborers $2 a day
Teamsters $2 a day
Camp blacksmith $2 sft a day
Free fare Free fare.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Blacksmith, country, $45; ranch blacksmith.
$40; ranch blacksmith. $35; wheelwright. $35;
wood turner. 35c an hour; 20 miners and ma-
chine men. $2 SO and $3 a day; farmer and
wife, $35, see party here; 6 farmers, $20 and
$25; 4 milker*. $30, see boss here; 10 laborers
for the woods. $26 and board.
HOTEL. DEPARTMENT.
Second cook for springs hotel. $50; .fry cook,
$f.O; pastry cook and baker, hotel. $50; pastry
cook, hotel, $35; second cook, country hotel,
$40; second cook, mine boarding house, $40: 6
waiters, different country hotels. $25 and $30;
2 dishwashers and kitchen hands, $20, $25, $30.
10 bellboys, city hotels, $10, $12 and $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
MILKER wanted at once; $25 and board.
A man and wife: country: salary $35.
Business Woman's Club, room 203, 927 Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel Jessie 132.
WANTED— Steady, sober man for light work;
8 hours per day; will pay $16 per week to
right party; Email capital required. Apply
1016 Market st., room 10.
WANTED— A young man to assist Janitor in
exchange for tuition. San Francisco Business
College, 1236 Market st. '-¦¦ ::'-. ¦•¦¦:
WANTED — A barber for Saturday and Sunday.
Apply early this morning at 1209 Point Lobos
aye., off carhouse; $5.
BARBER wanted at 62 Seventh St.; wages $3.
.GOOD barber at 1789 Union St., corner Octavia.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday and Sunday,
at 62 Third St.; wages $5.
GOOD barber wanted from 5:30 p. m. to 11;
wages $2 50. 1727 Market st., opp. Gough.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday; $4
guarantee. 105 Fourth Bt.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday " from 10 to 10;
wages $2. Cl 9 Kearny. ¦*¦-•»
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day. 4116 Eighteenth Bt.; $4 50.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday. 920
Battery st.
WANTED— A good barber at 624 Shrader st.
near Waller.
WANTED— Salesman, furnishing goods depart-
ment. 8. N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market st.
WANTED— Bushelman. Golden Eagle Clothing
Store, 104 Kearny Bt.
WANTED— An experienced bushelman. Apply
The Red Front, 857-859 Market st.
COATMAKERS for country. REISS BROS.,
24 Sutter £t. . .., ¦•
CARRIAGE painter wanted at O'BRIEN &
SON'S, Golden Gate aye. and Polk st.
WANTED— A good hotel cook; German pre-
ferred. Call at 718 Valencia st.
BOY wanted; strong, active. DENNISTON'S
Plating Works, 652 Mission st.
WANTED— 2 good blacksmith's helpers. Apply
at 623-625 Rrannan st.
STRONG boy for machine shop. Apply Sun-
day morning between 10 and 12 at IS Fell st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 548 Washington St., be-
¦ low Montgomery; barber shop.
WANTED— A shoemaker on repairing. 871 Mar-
ket Bt.
MAN wanted for boarding-house. 322 Main st.
WANTED— A tinsmith. Apply at 533 Mission
street.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps, U. S. navy; able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
aces of 21 and 35 years; not less than 5 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 inch In height;
must be citizens of the United States or per-
sons who heve legally declared their inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and speak English properly. For further In-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cal.. or
530 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires «iix to eight weeks; day and evening
class, special Inducements this season: only
institution in the world teaching this trade:
map of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633
Clay at.
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade; only 2
months required: first-class Instruction. For
particulars address Gordon Barber College,
417 N. Main et., Los Angeles. Cal.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
THREE waiters. Bteady work; 15 mlllmen ; 20
lumber pliers; 8 ranch hands. 626 I St., Sacra-
mento. Cal. :
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD ft
CO.. 718 Market «t. ¦ -
WANTED— HeIper on truck and wagon work.
Apply at 623-625 Brannan at. _£__
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for hi. tuition
in • barber school. 741 Howard at. •
WANTED— Good waiter to- go in the country.
Call at 422 Third at.
WANTED— Vest finishers, -buttonhole makers
- and apprentices.' 609 Kearny St., room 2.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
¦ summer af HERMAN'S, : 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
. to 50c. 662 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BOY. 14 to 1*; make himself generally useful
In factory. 723 Market St.. room 85.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer: 16
. : years' practice: Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c nlcht: reading room: free
'bus and. baggage to and from the ferry.
LINDELL House, corner Sixth '; and - Howard-
Rooms 15c to 25c per night; 75c to $2 per week."
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc— For Sale
FOR sale— A perfect road or carriage team of
geldings, dark bays; over 16' i hands high;
well matched, well bred and very stylish; no
finer, handsomer or safer team can be found
In California. Can be seen at the cor. 20th
aye. and Point Lobos road (Car.ldy's). or ad-
dress W. FORD THOMAS. 327 Market St..
San Francisco.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and drivinc horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. bet! Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams. '
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent., 605 Golden Gate ay.
HORSE, wagon and harnes. for sale. 907 Point
Lobos aye.
LIGHT express. $35: business wagon. .$35: road
buggy. $25; road cart. $12 50. 19 City Hall ay.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Switzer's
Horse Market. Twelfth and Market sts.
HOUSES— LODGIXU— KOK SALE.
13-ROOM house near the Call office; fine paying
house: clears $100 per month; price $550.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
26-ROOM house on Market st. : clears $100;
price $700. DECKER. 1020 Market at.
A— 44-ROOM corner; electric elevator.. $39>^0
80 rooms; restaurant and bar; in Stockton 750
30-room corner: 2 entrances; half cash.... 2200
8-room flat; new; elegant 650
18 rooms; on one floor; near Call office — 650
37 rooms; on Howard St.; only $300 cash*.. 400
25 rooms: on Market st.; worth $1200 8W
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; payments...- 450
30 rooms; on Kearny st. ; grand bargain.. 2000
36 rooms; on Market st.; payments 1800
TELEPHONE JOHN 61.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market at, opp. Fifth.
WE guarantee full value for your money: we
have, houses to suit you; many bargains:
money loaned buyers. SCHWEINHARD &
CO., 917 Market St.. opposite Masan.
GOOD tenant wanted for lodging-house on
Thlrd-st. corner. near Market: 30 sunny
rooms: brick building: fine location. Inqutre
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 .Call bldg.
$575— ELEGANTLY furnished house, 9 rooms,
bath, laundry: nice yard: permanent roomers;
profitable Investment: 4 blocks from Market;
new and clean. 437 Golden Gate aye.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy st. : new cash buyer daily.
FURNITURE of 6-room lodging house; price
$50; rent of house $14. Apply 739 Natoma st.
M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market St., sell, lodging
houses, businesses, city, country real estate.
FOR sale— Rooming house: 322 -Jessie St.; ac-
count death; no reasonable offer refused.
8-ROOM house; nicely furnished; always filled;
rent $16; cntl.: reas.; no agts. Box 3097. Call.
CHANCE— II-room house; 2 baths: 3 patent
cloeets: lot 20x65:2: rent $30. Apply bakery.
Broadway and Lcavenworth.
HOUSES LODGING To Let.
IVY aye., 515, off Octavia. near Hayes — 5
rooms; free rent for repairs necessary. Ap-
ply MADISON & BURKE.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
TO rent— For the summer: complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden, pure
spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; 3
miles from St. Helena; % mile from station.
For particulars address HENRY LANGE.
Grand Hotel, Pt. Helena, Cal.: also cottage
of 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
A HOUSE; 5 rooms; in rear; rent very reason-
able. A poly E.C3 Ellis St.
$B— HOUSE to let in rear of 235 Ninth st.
LOST A.\D FOI'.VD.
LOST — A purse containing money and picture,
also glove, at 423 inipont st. Return and no
questions asked. Reward.
LOST— Large Blate-colored Dane dog. Liberal
reward for his return to H. W. HAWLEY.
North Berkeley.
CAME to premises; greyhound dog; owner pay
expenses. 373 Church st.
LOST— Brown pointer dog. Finder return to
Fuller's drugstore and get reward.
$10 REWARD— Large Maltese cat. Return* to
705H Valencia st.
MEDICAL.
Drs, GOODWIN, the well-known ladles' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment $5: safe and reliable cure in one
i day; 15 years' successful practice in 8. F. :
maternity home; low fees. 1007 Vi Market St.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist; safe and reliable; has prac-
ticed in 9. F. for years: treated thousands of
cases successfully; treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 1023% Market st.
DR. NG TOY KEE. late of Canton, China, tea
and herb sanitarium. 704 Sacramento St.. cor-
ner of Kearny; all diseases and ailments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free: office hours, 10 a. m. to 12 m..
2 to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at office. $5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st., bet.
Mason and Taylor; houra 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice. $5: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. 942 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1033 Market, ladles' special-
ist; guaranteed treatment at office. $5: safe
and reliable; consultation free: hours 10 to 8.
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist. UIS Market
st.; every case guaranteed: $5 up.
DR. and MRS. DAVIES, 1228 Market: ladies'
physician; chronic dlseasea-treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed: treatment. $3.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St., the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment $3.
DR and MRS. M. WEOENER— Private home
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR.~WONO HIM. herb doctor, treats all dU-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
~ MEDICATED BATHS.
$500 FORFEITED to sufferers from rheuma-
tism, eczema, dropsy or any blood or skin
disease which Anldrosls medicated baths will
not cure; call or send for booklet. DR.
CON A NT. 47 Post st. .
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILEUS. engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. ISS-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand J. NOO.VAX, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth.
FIRST-CLASS surveyor's level and tripod,
made by Heer & Setig. Chicago for $&>: orig-
inal cost $150. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ay.
rjFAUTIFUL smooth-case 14-carat lady's How-
ard watch for $40; cost $100. UNCLE HAR-
RIS. 15 Grant aye.
$15— LEAVING city; must sell to-day; fine
household sewins machine. 7 drawers, latest
style, attachments complete. 1807 Powell st.
COMPLETE prospectors' mining outfit for
Alaska; $100; see this or write for list of
articles. A. BRANDES. 707 Brush. Oakland.
BARGAIN— Soda water machine; 2 fountains
and generator; never used. 117 Hyde at.
ONE second-hand metal turning lathe, planer,
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
Bteam pump, Emery gear; also pipe fittings;
1 automobile, nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb Peter Wright anvil; one 7-horsepower
gas engine. 843 Howard Bt.
12 HP double cylinder marine engine; gaso-
line; almost new. WHITE. 364 14th. Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machlntiy, en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear Bt.
A— s3 50 DERBY -and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny gt...nr. Pine.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and sold;
National and Hallwood. 1309 Mission, nr. 9th.
FOR sale — 20-horsepower horizontal slide valve
engine. Inquire Rusa House.
FULL dress. Tuxedo, other sutts. Portland Loan
Office, 23 Stockton; phone Black 1201; postal.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine; good con-
dition: complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. Misfit
Clothing parlors. 437 Montgomery st.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausase ma-
chln -»ry. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 195 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers: Iron and wood
" planers; lathes; 2d-hand. J. Burke. 13* Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model;
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 409 California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bought
and sold. W. C. BENTHAM. 18S2 Market at.
AUTOMATIC sewing machine: oak woodwork;
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks scale and flre and burg-
lar-proof safe. 216 California st. *
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
lar-proof safe: cheap. 42 Main st.
SAFES, new and second-hand, all sizes. fHE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
ONE 4-slded sticker; 1 planer and matcher: 1
air. compressor; 6 locomotives. 220 Fremont
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SAI^E
EDISON concert phonograph. Prtc« reduced to
$ICO- concert records. $2 50. BACIGALLPL
833 Market St.. San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
-.i. . , ,-n-ii- ..... >.-»hi-H.i i r>r-n-r-u-T-r-.ii n rii-i.".' ¦ ¦ ¦!-¦ '. ¦-! » ''¦ ' ' ' ~"
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano for
rash? H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1710 Market sL
——~ jiONEV TO LOAN.
ANY" proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
?n estates, legacies, corporation loans, chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G¦ E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
AVY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
eaies undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bafe- mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lav*E« my terms before doing business else-
wherf R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
Mtrm V respectable private place to obtain
".'; '.*.' M,m ltM. DT»»fl 1» Third «.
MOST r.U«bl. Pla" "> 'S^Sn'^TS'nS-
68 and 63. Donohoe building. U.O Market st.
LOANS made on furniture « :*: *
loans to Balaried people. HARSHBAKUiat.
3^ Ellis st.. room 34. -
MONEY loaned: »*"<*£*s&&s? Tea!
good character. G. H. nu^tvii « *. .
Phoenix. Art*.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d »°««*K£ •£&•?*
™l. a c a o?ndenfff e^^^^
2 lTM C c^ Eoa74^^on^E 0a 74^^on^
MONEY loaned salaried people wltHout **cw«y.
HILL, rm. 44, Merchants' Exchgc.. 431 Calif.
AUSTIN'S Salary Loan Co.. 368 P»£O«J^ lU "
lng— Men can secure loans on personal note.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 809 Examiner building.
$30 TO $50,000: lowest rates: lat and M mortjrs.:
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, piano.. T^ 1 Jo vt t .- re S?lu/.t^ >
commission: private. LICK. US McAlll.ter.
IF your property is ™ortgaged and you na*d
more money see H. MURPHY. 830 Jaantat au
TO salaried men. without collateral ol J*= d 2^;
other propositions: private rooms. Sa.n Frun-
Cisco Discount Agency. 143 Phelan building.
MUSICAL I>STKU3IENT9. \
Xs"wT7^prlsenT7hT"best make of^ PlffO* >»
every grade, from Stelnway down to tow-
priced makes, and aa our Installment pay-
ments are easier than those of oth " «*«»£"£
we are the people from whom you •*»£*
purchase; new upright pianos. $8 caah. «» P«
month: other piano. $3. $4 and $5 per month.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway DealerS;
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco.
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A LIST OF MONET SAVERS. —.-*,_-
Samples from factory which are oat of on
regular line; such make, as Weber. Hardman.
Ccnover. Behr. Everett and Klngsbury: prteea
from $150 to $200 less than regular Price Also
8 slightly used piano, from $137 up: easy pay-
ments. See us this week If you want a snap.
BE.VJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 O'Farrell St.
A LARGE number of pianos yet remain of th»
Hamllton-BancToft stock; Stelnway concert
grands. Chickerlng. Hallett & Davis. Elling-
ton etc.; aquares. $25 up; uprights, $50 up:
banjos. 60c up; guitars. $1 up: mandolins. 13
up Byron Mauzy Piano Warerooms. 3CB-31-'
Post st.. «Ole agent Sohmer and Byron Mauzy
pianos.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nous*
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE* a
tt. IS and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos, organ* and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; price, lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy ta»
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell at.
WE know that we give the best goods for th»
least money; call on us and see our Decker.
Packard or Bootho pianos. MAUVAIS. 763
Market st.
WE have Just what you want in the way of a
piano; prices and terms to suit. MAUVAIS,
769 Market st. >
BUT one of our beautiful Olympla self-playta,.
music boxes on installments If you can't spar*
the cash. MAUVAIS. 769 Market St.
A FINE Stelnway upright: must be sold im-
mediately; also a fine mahogany three- pedal
upright piano, used a few months. $130.
Room 12. Flood building. __^^__ - .
THE place to buy a good second-hand piano;
$45 up. S. F. Music Co.. 225 Sutter st.
GOOD Fischer: great bargain Schmltz. II Mc-
Alllster St.. next Hibernla Bank.
$75— VERY good upright piano; cost $330; for
sale on $5 installments. 1115 Post »t.
FINE Fischer & Stetnway upright: saciiflcad.
KEEFFE'S. 101» Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st.
FINE large upright piano sold for storage; $10«
cash. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
A BARGAIN— Stelnway. $125; stor* opea Sat.
evening. Heine Piano Mfg. Co.. 136 Ellis at.
DON'T buy: rent a new piano. $3 per month.
FCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
W. G. BADGER, 411 Sacramento at., agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett ft Davis piano*.
GOOD upright piano; nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG'S. 21 J McAllister st.
SUPERIOR violins, ilthers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, t Latham ptao*.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
VALENCIA. 993. ne*r~T^enty-flrst^-Larse el«u
gant store; rear rooms; large basement.
STORE to let— Fifth St.. near Folsom. Inquire
at 322 Fifth at.
FOR rent— Elegant offices In T. M. C 27
building. Mason and Ellis sts.
PALMISTRY.
WATSON, the "only" natural palmist and
medium: full readings. 25c. IISI Market st.
MME. Neergaard. Pres. St. Germain College of
Palmistry: reads 1 to 9. <H Geary, nr. Jonea.
PERSONALS. ~~
WANTED^To meet lady about 30 year, of age,
not to exceed 5 feet 8 inches in height; weight
about 140 lbs; blonde preferred: if agreeable
ac companion matrimony an object. Addresa
JOSEPH HANNON SAUNDERS, General De-
livery. City.
WILL J. L. EDMUNDSON (printer) send his
address to GEO. D. FISKE. Woodland. Cal.
BELLE— Oudry to not a lady; he is a photcg-
rapher In Oakland.
$50 REWARD for information as to the where-
abouts of LILXJE MAY HOWLAND of SO
Anna st. Address JAMES R. McKAY. *hij>-
wrlght. 60 Anna st^
MRS. DR. L. BURGEP. late matron of Ger-
man HosDttal. N. V.. specialist for bladder,
kidney, skin diseases and cancer. ofSce 104
Fourth at. A testimonial: Wm. Osterhold. Saa
Mateo Orphan Asylum, says: I had cancer oa
my left leg. I was treated by Mrs. Burger.
106 Fourth st.. and certify that I was cured
in a *hort time. Win. Osterhold. San Mateo.
MME. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
ralgia: all pain leaves like magic from her
wonderfully gifted hands. 1343 Howard st.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca hairtonic preserves ands
beautifies the hair: 35c bot.: Foamo Shampoo
tc pkg. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
10-IN. Switches for $2; this at Lederer"s: every
customer receives a pkg. of fine El Perfecto
Routre free: halrdrestlng '.he very latest 25c
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- M
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 337 Jessie st.
DR. PARKER treats all nervous, chronic,
throat and catarrh.il diseases. 1027 Market «t.
CAST-OFF clothing, old gold and silver bough"
send postal. COLEMAN'S. 60S Keaxny atT
AN elegant suit for $10 75 from imported or do-
mestlc remnants. L. LEMOS. Ul7 Market st.
between Seventh and Eighth.
SUITS on easy Installments from imported or
domestic remnants. One Price Tailoring Co..
B*2 Kearny at., between Sacramento and Cali-
fornia.
WANTED-Old.gold for manuf'g. O. NOLTE.
jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
FINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
suits made to order: fit guar. 2 Eighth st.
C. D. MORSE. Fhctcgrapher, 2606 Pacific aye..
between Pierce and Scott: phono Stelner 3391.
S I/^?n M . ERI w rj corrt? ct^.i: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 1313 Linden at.. Oakland.
£S' l J£2i DD _ or waved hair can be quickly ob-
U ledJ1 ed J? y , v ' lne T *»cott'a Curling Fluid: »
c*nts Dcttle.
E u E rT R . IC Ji* nts m every room; Winchester
«° . J?,T hlrd **• n ** r Market: 100 rooms;
!5c tn $150 per night: $150 to $8 per -week:
free hp» n n<\ barrage to and from the ferry.
IF ycu wish »ull value for your cast-oft cloth-
ing call on B. Cohen. 157 Third: tel. I»ack 4123.
LAD i E f.," nd K * nl »' casi-off ctothlng bought and
sold. Sllverman. 984 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1131.
ALASKA fuf garments, hoods, mitts. leather
coats. H. M. HEINEMAN. 103 Sanaome W.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL/ SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.
12WEEKLY CALL
61 pep Year.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Eprinfa and White Sulphnr Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Spring;*: at Gey-ervtlle for S'*ar?s
Spring-; at Cloven' ale for the Oeysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Sprlnn,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Spring-. Soda Bay. Lake*
port and Bartlett Spring; at Uktah for Vichy
Eprtnjrs. Saratoga Springs, Klue Lake*. _iur«4
DelJ Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's Riverside. LJeTley**.
Bucknell's. Sannedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*a
Rot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort j Bragg.
Westport. UsaU W mitts. La ytonvtUn. Cum -
Ring's, Beit's Springs. HarrU, Olsen'a, Dyer.
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at ra»
daced rates.
On Sunda." round-trio tickets to ail points
keyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices (50 Market at.. Chronicle t>l<3_
— . C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agtnt»
i*e*ve £— * r_i:cioc~ v>a aausallto Kerry.
Week Days >:30 a. m. and l.ii p. _ .
Sundays 8:C0. 10:00 a. m. and 1:43 p. ok
Btaam-bsatad. closed car on all trains.
fara flsn Franc— co ta Summit and Raton ¦_
+ Do not miss The Call's +
+ Easter number — out 'April 15. +
? In addition to interesting and +
"t timely articles appropriate for +
+ the joyous closing of the Lent- +
¦+¦ en season, there will be some +
+ full-page halftone productions
of specially chosen subjects by
4- leading artists of America. +
+ You will want these for deco- +
i rative posters.
EATXEOAD TBAVEL,
California 1 imited
Santa Fe Route
T2 CHICAGO
This is the quickest running and most
luxurious train across the continent.
Cos^ectino Tsaiji Leaves Saw Fkancisco:
£ P.n. i Monday, Wednesday. Friday and
Saturday, arriving in Chicago at 2:15
PJI in time to connect wttn all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND LeaTes San Francisc* at 5:30
FYppFcc p. m. with Palace and Tourist
Kaii v cars for Kaß8 * s City, St. Louis,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains between Stockton. VALLfY
Fresno. Hanford, Vtsalia, Tularo r>ft a ri
and Bakersfield. KUAU
SEE YOU IN San Francisco office. 62S
TBISCO SOON Market Street. Phone Main
way; Sacramento, 201 J Street; Saa Jose, 7 West
6ai ita Clara Street.
CALIFORNIA If ORTBVESTEH ST. CO.
LESS-—
Stf FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACtRB
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TUtoiroA F«rry. Fo«t ©f Market* ft*.
BXS FRANCISCO TO BAN R_JTA_— >
t~E_ K DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00. U:» a. m.x IMBI
S:£o, 5:10. «:3O p. m. Thurndiys— Extra trt*
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:M
and 11:30 p. m.
St7NDAYS-S:00» »:SO. U:CO a, m.{ l:30t S_fc
6:00, 8:20 p. m. .
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
'WEEK DAY9-4:R 7:50. »:», 11:14 a. m. ; _:«L
8:40. 8:19 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* si
1:65 and <:U p. m.
•TUN DAYS— B:I3. 1:4% __.» a> m.; 1:40k B:4*. 8:««.
f:25 p. ~ t
Between San Francisco aad BcatMtxaa Park
¦am* schedule as above.
PHYSICIANS AND SMtGEQNS.
DR. C. C. O'DONN ELL— Office and residence.
icr.H Market tt.. bet. Elxth and Seventh.
____ _»1A1_— !.»» l— .rott SAL._.
MCALLISTER «t-. north «lde. Just above Fill-
more: fine lot, with room for sunny house,
with garden and stable; 40x137:6: neighbor-
hood £r*t-rate; cars both ways; handy. Ap-
fly to C. S. CAPP & CO.. €30 Market tt.
MISSION st., between Seventeenth and Eight-
eentli; 2-story bay-window house. 7 rooms
and bath; already business property; should
be ra'.*<>d and store built below it; good reti-
cence fcr a doctor, dentist, musician or dress-
maker; will be cold at a bargain. Apply to
C. c. CAPP _ CO.. Real Estate Agents. 633
Market st.
WANTED— To purchase 4 Richmond lots, east
of Twelfth aye. W. J. GUNN. C3J California.
ONLY 2 left to close the account; will bell at
half their value; 2 lots, _xl2o. In Richmond.
at VSJ each; well located; the buyer more
than doubles his money In the purchase; Cal-
if -irnia Title Insurance and Trust Co. will
issue policy. W. J. GUNN. SSJ California st.
liAVfc: you i«-_i estate In the Mission cr Uor-
r-ei's Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call on W. J. GUNN. £33 California st.
UEAUTIFUL Proafiway lets, north side. bet.
Btd&er and Pierre Ets.. Pacific Heights; se«
quick; «ivc:al price. THE MCCARTHY CO..
fet6 Market it.
SACRIFICE — New S-rocm. 3-ttory house; lot
J€:8xlG0; with chicken hcuse. etc.; suitable
for flats; must be cold; make an offer; $20u0
or less. SHAPBURNE. CIS Sacramento st.
FOR PALE— MoJern cottage of I rooms and
bath; large let In Mission warm belt. Apply
owner ca trer-leea. Ul2 York st.
LOT TJxfC; Third and Fo!sr>ra sts.; cheap; a
rr.rga'.n. T. M. SILVEY. C 24 Market tt.
K». vi. t_»TAT_ « Ul.vntl — For Sale
A SPLENDID stock farm of €00 acres, near
this city and convenient to two towns, S. P.
R. R-. also Valley Read. Contra Ccsta Coun-
ty; a choice piece of grass land, a portion
farming; great abundance of running water
ar.d many sprl-gs: fine residence, large barns
and outbuildings : about 20 acres in bearing
crchard ar.d vineyard: a complete stock f*rm
arid ideal home; will carry 150 head of catt>;
price 820 per acre, to dore an estate; must be
•old. H. H. CRANE. SOS California St.
I*soo— A GREAT bargain : 84 acres: a profitable
ar.d beautiful home farm. 36 miles from this
city, near railroad town; about 20 acres in
fruit; all in full bearing; aDricots will be a
large crcp: good soil; well watered: pasture
ar.d crop land, with grove of live caks: beau-
tiful view; improvements first-class; house 9
rooms; well furnished; in splendid condition;
barns and outhouses complete: water from
rrrings to house and grounds; all fanning
implements and tools; the price is less than
one-half cost; good reasins fcr an immediate
aale. H. H. CRANE. SCS California st.
$2:: tx:<. PER acre for lir.rr.ediate sale: 290 |
acres (or less): nearly all in crop: Alameda;
C 0 .." no puch bargain ever offered. U. H.
CRANE. ECS California et.
SPLENDID farm of 117 acres good land. ad-
Joining town of Fleasanton. Alameda County:
can now be purchased at $47 50 per acre and j
lr.clujing portion of growing crops. H. H. j
CRANE. SuS California tt.
6TORE ana residence property with large lot In I
town; Alameda Cr,ur.ty; only $2W>; ccc this
bargain. H. H. CRAXE ! _£oS_Oa.lifornla L st :
THE Esparto Colony farms in the Capay Valley ;
country should be looked after at once, as this j
is the time cf the year to arrar.ge for tree and j
vine planting; farm? range in eixe from in to |
40 acre* ar.d now cold to Induce Immediate ;
articn at low price* asd ea#y terms: home- [
seekers will neiw regret securing one of these ;
r-r.tf; no malaria, no frosts; products earli- ;
eft in market; good society, good schools (In- \
cija'rjt high school); macadamized roads; 2 j
railroad trains daily from Pan Francisco: |
water for irrigation when desired: superior to ¦
Bootbem California 'or raiding all kinds of
< ttms fruit, recently bo pronounced by lead- j
tg .uthern California experts; these lands. |
With the eui>erior soils and all other advan- i
lares r.amed. will be sold at prices far below |
I M ;;sked in localities hitherto considered j
i-^reachable in excellence: there is no more
: . • r.ient lift than the small dlver-iSed
Carmer'a: the farms told before the panic
»-;t\e become developed and are paying annu-
*.::> r.f much ac flw per acre; you can leave *
- .:. r"ran";*co on S a. m. train, have 3 or 4 J
fc on at Esparto, and back to San Francisco
early the came evenir.fr: you will find an agent
: Hotel Barnes. Esrarto. to «how you the
- Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
I :.~KE. Woodland. Cal.
MILL VALLET— For sale, a beautiful cottage- |
; mo— le. bath, stable, oak trees, fruit and
Bum qi; cor. Lovell aye. and Oak bU Apply
i.t 2~'.i Bryant aye.
ALTA PUNTA Tract. Ban Pablo aye.. 8 miles
r.rrth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad —
Valley land by the acre. $130 to $200. Call for
traps, etc.. en G. W. HAIGHT. 4CI Cal. et
1. W. HORN. S:2 Main St.. Petaiuir ta: real es-
tate and thoro urhbred Belgian hares. Send
fcr free !lst nf Bonr-rr :a County bargains.
KO-S STATION HJKAL ESTATE.
ROSS Valley vi._ lota. f-CxISC: $300 to 8SO0: good
drainage: fine view; Ban P.afael water sys-
tem; 10 minutes' walk from Ross Station;
aprinkled road*. Apply P. ROSS, Tamalpals
Station, or C. H. STANYAN, 21 Market et..
Fan Francisco.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN. 72*. near Sixth— 2 sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent 18.
BUCHANAN. CC2, comer Fell— Sunny bay win-
dow; kitchen, gas etove, mantel; $12.
CALIFORNIA, 2i_— 2 cr 3 sunny fur-lshed
rooms; light housekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erences exchanged; private family.
EDDY. 2C7— Nice. large, frost fumUhed room;
cheap; light housekeeping allowed; gas: bath.
EDDY. 817 — Very pleasant and connecting house-
keericg rooms: splendid location; priv. res.
ELLIS. 1127— Nice furnished front rocm and
kitchen; bath and yard; private family.
FILLMORE. 2TJ. near Clay— r?; 2 large sunny
¦.:.'_-: :.-;.e-i rooms; nice yard and water.
FIRST. 2S — 8 front sunny furnished rooms,
suitable fcr light housekeeping; rent $10 per
month.
GEARY. C4J— Nice eancy rooms; single or
hcueiceeping.
HOWARD. 704. cor. Third— Nicely furnished
front rooms; also housekeeping room*.
HOWARD. 160«— Large frCst bay-window room;
kitchen; parlor floor; complete for housekeep-
lnr: private: cheap.
HYDE, 12S — Three sunny housekeeping rooms,
complete; terms reasonable.
L-LRKIN. SIS, cor. Golden Gate aye.— Elegantly
furnished housekeeping apartments; exclusive
use of kitchen.
MARKET, 1138. near City Hall-2 sunny front
furnished connecting rooms; range, water,
yard, sink; B IS.
MISSION. 545— 2 front rooms, with kitchen,
complete for housekeeping.
NATOMA. £2— Two furnished housekeeping
rsK a. !• a month; no children.
O" FA RRELL. 742— Nicely furnished, sunny par-
lor flocr. 2 to 6 rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
POST. 5C2 — 2 sunny furnlßhed suites for house-
keeplng. $20 and 815; 8 unfurnished In rear. ts. j
SECOND, 212— Furnished housekeeping rocmo; I
a!eo single rotrrss; clean and respectable; rea- i
•otj&ble.
TWO front. 8:i; 1 large, light room, $11; 223
Kearny st.. nr. Sutter. Also L O'Farrell. nr. j
Powell. 85; gas free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
VALENCIA. S34^s — tunny front room and ecn-
nectlsg k:trhen. furnished. $12; or 8 rooms, $18.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive^ at c,;i branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH effle* for Call advertisements and
rubsrnrtlnr.s has been established at ltot
Va'eneta rt_
ROOMS TO LET — Faro, and Infarn.
*— BRL "*SWICK~IioUEi; 14S Sixth— Rooms
»c to 81 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
lisr.t hyueekeej^lng; open all night.
A-THE ELMEJt HOL'SE." 824 Bush St., ad-
joining the I'.-jes Hotel; 14 rooms; all prices.
BURNETT, lire Market st. (old No. 1364)— Fu-
r rrr-i. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 705 (St. Peter's House/— New
bouse, newly furnished: housekeeping rooms.
CALIFORNIA. V 2. near Powell— Elegantly fur-
nished, sunr.y rooms, with bath and phone;
r— tt very moderate.
CARROLTON. _j«- Market, cor. Golden Gate
ave.— Sunr.y comer; well Turn.; rms. & offices.
FIFTH. IC7— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FOLFOM. SC. corner Sixth <The Oliver)— Sunnr
Turnlfhed roj-rr., rj!i> t or »trgle: new mgmt.
FOR rent— 2 sunny rooms, furnished complete
for house keepir,-; caU 10 to 4. 431 A Vaa Ness
aye.. cor. Fulton st.
FOURTH. 225— Nice, sunny front rooms; also
____l
GEARY. 4C5 rrhe Nav«rre)-Ele(rantly furnish-
efl rooir.s:»ultes *rr tinrle; travelers arcom.
GEARY. EiS— Elegant sunny back parlor suites;
ether rooms: privilege ;i g ht hskpg.; phone.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
end Mrssion sts— Sunr.y rooms, en suite or
tingle; ladles' r»r!or: reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission st.-Bel.ct
family rooming house: Si CO to t per week.
HOWARD. *2S>— Kooms from 71 week up to BS.
tic to 81 r'rfrt: ¦Is'i hnu«»ke»nlnK r-m->*.
IITDE. fr-Bedroom. parlor and kitchen; nicely
furnished for housekeyptng; ga« and gag stove.
LIGHT sunny rooms for 2 young men, $2 50 per
week; 2 housekeeping rooms In rear. $2 per
week; no children. ICS2 Market et.
I "*OOMS TO LET — Porn, and tnforn.
' LOCUST aye, 125, near Van Ness and McAllis-
ter st.— Front room. JL
MARKET. €14— IS rooms, furnished; rent rea-
sonable; also 4, C and 9 rooms.
MeALLISTER, SO— Three large, sunny furnished
rooms.
MINNA 6<7. cerner Eighth— New furnished bay
window room, SI per week; transient.
MISSION. SJTA (Avoca House)— New; newly
furr-tEhed; rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
NATOMA. Es3H— Nice front room; furnished; *5
per month.
OCTAVIA. 102— Sunny furnished front rooms;
gas. bath, phone: suitable for gentlemen.
O'FAP.P.KLL. 50— Sunny furnished rooms and
cfftrei>: elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, 813— Nicely furnished double and
tingle rooms; terms reasonable.
ORLANDO House. BS9 Howard, cor. 81xth—
Sunny rooms: prices to suit: cpen night.
POST. 235, corner Stockton— Finest transient
rooms In city; hot and cold water; elevator;
telephone.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
eulteg or singles: runnlns water; gas; reas.
ROSEIJALE House. 31* & S2l Ellis St.— Rooms.
night. ?5c to 81: week. II 25 to 84: open njght.
ROTAL HOUSE. 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
parlcr: rooms, per night. 35c to 81 50: week. $2
to J £ : month. 88 to S!0; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
6AN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor «t.. near Market— An
up-tc-date fireproof building; elevator; new
furniture: hct and cold water; radiators; salt
sea baths: suites and single rooms.
EHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
nesr Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
EHIPLET. 259—8 rooms, $12; 4 rooms, $7; house
new. See owner 1131 Guerrero st. •
STOCKTON, 12 (over Pup Rotlsserte)— Nicely
furnlrhed rooms from 812 to 830.
1 THE Astor. 1130 Market— Electric bells, lights:
! e>gant new furniture: single, suites: trans' t.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A pood rooming housa
for rood people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. 61S. bet. Van Ness aye. and Polk — 3
' unfurnished rooms; $15.
: VERY sunny front room; Van Ness: partly fur-
; nlshed: for lady wishing opportunity for
i French and music. Box 1206. Call office.
' VAN NESS aye., 1109— Single rooms; reason-
i able.
1 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmcre st.
' A BRANCH office for the reception of adver- "
| tlsementg and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubecrlptions has been established at 1098
Valencia ft.
ROOMS A.\D BOARD.
A— F_lS^cllA^S^mn7TttoTeirT^e^Bradbury-
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table: prices moderate: 2 car lines pass hotel;
I elevator; telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
«t.. corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
NEW family hotel: first class In all appoint-
ments; excellent table: special Inducements to
(elect pecple. 807 California St., occupying
ccmer opposite Grace Church.
: BELGRAVIA Hotel. Polk and Clay— Sunny
fcay-wiadow rooms: superior board; modern
ccnvenlences: rates reasonable.
POFT. 733. r.r. Leavenworth— High-class family
hotel: sunny rooms, with private bath; fine
lawn; French chef: best table In city; ref.
HOTEL CLAIRMONT, 615 Taylor— Renovated;
suites ar.d single rms.: sunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY, Hyde and Eddy: changed j
hands; thoroughly renovated: elegant rooms.
LAS PALMAS, IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 3
n-£. ; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
VAN NHSS «ye.. 944 (The Wallace)— R->om»
and beard; furnished and unfurnished: $20 up.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
16 paff*>s. in wrapper, for mailing. 81 per year.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 530 Lake et. has received the
following orphan and hafi-orphan girls fcom
¦ January 1 to March 81. 1500: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year 6 months; Marion V.
CYane. aged 9 years; Mary Woodd. ¦ aged 10
years 6 months; Ella M. Hunaker-Engler, j
cged 9 years 5 months: Mabel Pozzi, aged 12
years; Ellse Poegl, aged 9 years 4 months;
Ethel Marion Gould, aged 6 years; Mabei
Benbow. s_-ed 11 years; Lulu Rentschler,
aced 6 years 5 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
ROOMS papered from 83; whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartrr tan Paint Co.. 319 Third.
j ~"~~~~~~~~~~~~~~* — ¦¦
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold; machine sup-
plies. Standard Agency,l4s €th; phone Mint 45.
ALL. kinds. bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lrweyt rat»». 2".i Fourth Bt.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
p7tßCE^K7n>oTn^H~^tcraßT~alid^_^v7n^CoT
Office. *C 1 Post Et.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 57U.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. t320 Fillmore st. : 'phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1343 Market st.:
tel. Fruth F.JV rxick'nr. mnvlnr and s'orags.
TO LEASE.
TO Lease — All or part of -acant property; 95x
160; cb MUslcn St.. near Fifteenth: will build
llirht •trortur*. O— — ier. b«x SI(W. Call.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
WTTTn7[M~PROPELi.ER^ caT^'ilarket st",
San Francisco — Notice. — There is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assesement levied on the 9th day of March,
1900. the several amounts eet opposite the
names cf the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows:
No. No.
Name — Certificate. Shares. Amount.
Jnhn D. Spreckels.. 1 33,313 1-8 $&99 40
Chas. A. Hug. 7 20 60
And In accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. V.'-'/j. co many chares of each parcel of
— jch as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of the company, 226 Market street, San
Francisco, on the 2Sth day of April. 1900, at 3
p. — i. of euch day, to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale.
F. WITTRAM JR., Secy.. 226 Market st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS ON TERMS?~~~"™~~
5, * and 7 room cottages; 7, 8 and 9 room
houses; waterfront property; lot 66x195, on
Central aye., near Fifth st.: double IV4-story
house: rents for $24; price $22. Apply to A.
R. DENKE, Webster-st. station.
LOT 50x150, San Antonio aye.. $1550; WxllS.
Regent St.. $1200; 83x100. $300; 40x100; bet.
the railroads; wept of park, at $800, or will
build on any of the above to suit purchaser.
J. H. YOUNG, Builder. 1243 Park st.
ON account of immediate departure— A fine.
modern house of 8 rooms and finished base-
ment; large grounds; highly improved; will
cell at sacrifice on easy terms. 1163 Broad-
. way, Alameda. , :./ .*
— , .
ALA3IEDA HOUSES.
TO let— House of 6 rooms, bath, pantrleo, large
garden, chicken yard, large stable; low rent.
Cs,U on premis?*. 1622 Broadway, near broad-
gauge etatlon, or R. O. WILKE. *06 Market
rt.. San Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY R_AL ESTATE.
BARGAIN investment property, 1 block from
university grounds; new S-room modern house;
all latest Improvements; large lot; beautiful
marine view; price 84JO0; $500 cash, balance to
euit; this property will rent readily for $45
per month. Take Berkeley train, get off at
Lorln. ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
8-ROOM modern house; good well, windmill
and tank: 2 blocks from station and electric
cars; large stable: lot 50x135; nice garden and
fruit trees; price $2200; $200 cash, balance $20
r«or.thly; this property will rent for $20 per
month. Take Berkeley train, get oft at
Lorln Station, ask for RUDOLPH _ PER-
KINS^
ALMOST new modern cottage; 5 rooms, bath,
pantry, nice large front porch; lot 60x120; near
station, school, stores; price $1400; only $100
cash; balance $15 monthly. Take Berkeley
train, pet oft at Lorin and ask for RUDOLPH
& PERKINS.
SNAP; nice 3- room cottage: large lot; close
to station, electric cars, school, stores, etc.;
price $700; $100 cash, balance $15 monthly.
Takt Berkeley train, get oft at Lorin Station,
ask for RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
$650; MUST be sold; attractive modern colonial
house; 6 large rooms, two halls, bath, gas,
stable; large corner. Telegraph aye. (6198);
cars pass; short walk Lorin station; conven-
ient to university; improvements worth more
than price; balance $1500; terms.
RENT $19 60, or for sale on easy terms; charm-
ing cottage; designed for small family desir-
ing to live in perfect taste at small expense.
SCSI Fulton St., Asbby station, or room 6, 22ft
Geary at. i
BATHOS TURNED
THE TABLES ON
A WARM CHOICE
Downed Dr. Nembula, Caus
ing Owner Moran to
Be Suspended.
Favorites at Tanforan Finally Took
a Hand in the Game — Gaylon
Brown a Winner I—Theory1 — The
ory Scores.
There have been many and merry re
versals of form at Tanforan Park, but
the pirouette somersault performed by
the three-year-old Bathos yesterday
eclipsed all previous efforts in that line.
It was a genuine twister, calling down
the wrath of the stand on his owner. On
Thursday, when a 1 to 4 favorite, the
Montana colt was disgracefully beaten,
with Ross up, by both Maydine and Ur
chin. To be sure, some changes had oc
curred over night. The track had dried
out considerably, the odds lengthened and
Henry replaced Ross. In the last event,
at odds of 5 to 1, Bathos went out and In
a drive defeated the 1 to 3 favorite. Dr.
Nembula. The improvement shown was
so sudden the judges suspended Owner
J. J. Moran pending an investigation.
For a change five favorites secured win
ning brackets. The crowd In the ring was
again very small.
Gaylon Brown, a mild favorite In the
betting, defeated a bunch of eleven
maiden two-year-olds in the opening
scramble. Badly bumped at the stretch
turn by Illilouon, the youngster recovered
quickly, winning almost easily from Graf
ter and Loyal S.
Dan Honig'3 mare Theory, heavily
backed at short odds, led from the start
in the six-furlong sprint following. At the
wire she led the 100 to 1 shot Beaumonde
out several lengths. Afghan finished
third.
Oremus, the Ormonde-Santa Cruz filly,
started for the first time this season In
the five-furlong sprint and was installed
a 7 to 10 choice. Ridden out, the favorite
was hustled along to beat the 30 to 1 shot
Ahwahnee. Show honors went to Garbo.
The betting on Perseus, one of five start
ers in the mile and a sixteenth run,
seemed so nervous and fretful that the
Judges substituted Henry for Ross Just
before post time. Purser's gelding then
went out and made all the running, losing
the verdict by a nose only to the favorite,
Scotch Plaid.
With a stronger finisher in the saddle
Montallade, a 12 to 1 shot, would have
taken the fifth number. While Johnson
handled the outsider well, Ross astride
the favorite, Casdale, had a "shade" when
it came to a drive, earning the verdict by
a neck. Obsidian, at 15 to 1, ran third.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
942 Maxello 123' 1056 Harry C0rby...113
(1087) Theory 120; ICS7 Beaumonde ....124
1063 Rosalbra 129; K63 Mike Rice 126
(1063) True Blue 131 10TS Negligence 124
1057 Gold Baron 118; 1067 Romany lIS
1007 Polka ....'. 118' Sl7 Gold Bug 121
10SS Bona 104 |
Second race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
10S1 Matt Hogan.... 891 1073 Bonlbel 98
1078 Esplrando IC3! Uo74)Morelia W
3SS I Don't Kn0w.. 103 1 1069 Ella Boland 87
1072 Flamora 9a | 1078 Morlnga 103
Third race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; handicap.
1082 Dr. Sheppard..llG| 1077 Catastrophe ...110
1041 The Fretter 10* I 1077 Opponent 100
•1087 El Mldo 97 1072 Flamora 9S
1084 Gauntlet 95 1070 Don Luis 94
10S1 Mortgage 00
Fourth race— Five furlongs; two-year-olds;
Western stakes.
IC«2 Phil Archibald.llll 1059 Diderot 11l
1059 St. Rica 113| 1059 Impromptu 111
1059 Dunfree 115 1059 Lucldla 115
Ioi6 Loyal S ICS Uos9)Sofala 1%)
10SQ Sacharoid 115)
Fifth race — One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; Belling.
1039 Lavator 39' 1090 Lodestar 103
1054 Flaroero 104' ICB4 Wyoming 103
1066 Einstein 103 UoS4)Sllver Tone 110
10S4 Castake 108 1084 Gauntlet 107
1018 Alaria 97i 10S3 Sardonic 106
6*9 Lady Med' some 97 1
Sixth race — One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward: selling.
1042 Pongo 1061 1063 Melkarth 103
915 Chas. Le Bel.. 103! 933 Inverary II IC3
1079 Cromwell 106 1051 Terrene 97
1067 B. McCloskey..lo3 1073 Be Happy 100
801 Stuttgart 101 1 1C57 Miss Soak 101
903 New Moon 1011
Selections for To-Day.
First race—Theory. True Blue, Maxello.
Second race —Ella Boland, Flamora, Espl
rando.
Third race—Mortgage, Flamora, Dr. Shep
pard.
Fourth race—Diderot, Sofala, Impromptu.
Fifth race—Wyoming, Flamero, Lady Meddle
some.
Sixth race—Stuttgart, Charles Le Bel, Crom
well.
Market Street Railway Officers.
The new board of directors of the Mar
ket Street Railway Company met and or
ganized "yesterday. . The following officers
were named: President. H. E. Hunting
ton; first vice president, Charles Hol
brook; second vice president, Alvlnza
Hayward; treasurer, N. T. Smith, and
secretary, George B. Willcutu -
Young Corbett Knocked Out.
DENVER, April 13.— Benny Yanger.
the "Ttpton Slasher," put out Young
Corbett of this city in the eighth round of
what was to have been a ten-round go
before the Colorado Athletic Association
here to-day. Yanser was far the clever
er, but found Corbett strong and able to
withstand his onslaughts. Yanger used
his left mostly until the eighth round,
when a right swing on the head and a
right punch to the chin floored Corbett.
He remained down nine seconds. Another
right to the chin floored him again. Cor
bett'strugtrled to his feet and Yanger put
another right punch* to the face, which
ended the-Cght. . - . . . .
Berkeley and Stanford Boys Will
Attend.
This afternoon and to-night close the
Berkeley boys' engagement at the Grand
Opera-house. The musical clubs and also
the farce, "James Wobberts," will be
heard for the last time this year in San
Francisco. The matinee will be attended
by many of .the local high school students.
The evening performance will probably be
the most successful of the week's ran.
for the Stanford and California baseball
teams will Both be in attendance. A spe
cial party from Stanford will be present,
and much merriment and uproar Is ex
pected. '_
SPORT AT SUTRO BATHS.
A match race at fifty yards between C.
Donavan of Alameda and F. A. Wolfe
will form part of the programme of
aquatic sports at Sutro Batha to-morrow
afternoon. The entries In the other races
are:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles — C. Shilling, O.
Lowenthal, O. Owens, P. Sunberg, H. Kernan,
F. Clough. E. .Klpp. H. Lefckens, E. Mlnter,
G. Kelber M. Carrody, R. Riding. W. Woll
beck. G. Rudonlck, W. Hanson. G. Chllds.
Tub race, 100 yards— F. Taylor. A. Baudain.
H Kelber. E. Wells, J. Wandell, F. Rellly, E.
Lieboldt. L. Doud, M. Rudonlck. W. McCor
mlck. E. Kipp. J. O'Brien. H. Freeman, P.
Bogen. D. Wellle.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— E. Ep
person R. Cordell. L. Bodle. E. Davis. R. Rid
ing F Eames, O. Mlsner, W. Summer, C.
Cathcart W. Summers, J. Hanton. N. Harris.
. Lear* Arrive
San Francisco. la Effect Saa Francisco.
I October 13. 1 ¦¦
Week Sun- 1890. Sun- W*«k
Day— days. Destination. day. Day*.
T:*> sjr i 3:00 am Novsto. 19:40 am 1:40 ans
t:tO pm 1:20 am Petaluma. (:05 pm lfc_ ana
1:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roes. 7:35 pm 1:23 pen
Fsltoa,
TJO am • . Windsor. _:3 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
t:SO pm 1:00 am Cloverdale. T.g pm 1:3 pm
tjo ami IHopland and I I
[ 8:00 am| Lit la— | 7:33 pm| 8:3 p-»
T:3O am 10:23 aza
8:00 a_ Ouernerllla. T_3 pm
8:30 pm (:Z3 pea
T:JO sJh 8:00 am Sonoma . •:_ am 8:40 ana
and
1:10 pm 8 .-CO pm Olen Eilen. f:O6 pm »:_ pta
T:3O ami S;CO ami SebastopoL 110:40 am!lO:2S am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pm| | 7:35 pm| t.g pat
HANDBALL MATCHES.
With nine games scheduled for Sunday's
handball sport at Phil Ryan's court, 858
Howard street, there is every prospect of
some lively hitting of the little ball.
Among the entries are some new players
who have signified their Intention of com
bating with the older hands. The follow
ing are the entries:
Bill Fisher and C. McKinnon vs. P. Ryan and
G. McDonald.
W. H. Sieberst and W. Walsh vs. J. J. Cana
van and G. B. Hayward.
T. Eerres and E. White vs. A. Whlteman and
R. Regil.
E. McDonough and E. Lynch vs. J. R. Bock
man and N. J. Prendergast.
A. McVlcker and G. Smith vs. J. Condon and
T. Leach.
C. Murray.and W. Williams vs. M. Klrby and
E. Barry.
W. Magulre and B. Curley vs. B. Toy and R.
Hausman.
E. . Maloney and J. Harlow vs, J. Riordon
and P. Hutchinson.
M. J. Kllgallon and J. O. White vs. R. Llne
han and A. Hampton.
LADIES' DAY AT TIBURON.
Bowing Events to Be Held Under the
Auspices of the Pacific
Association.
At the meeting of the regatta committee
of the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union held last night President
J. R. Bockman stated that he had had
an interview with T. V. Klngton of the
Boating Association of the University of
California and had recommended that the
Boating Association join the Pacific As-,
sociation. The Berkeley undergraduates
are desirous to know If they are eligible
to compete at the ladies' day to be given
next month at Belvedere by the Olympic
Boat Club, and have been informed that
they will be fully qualified to send a crew
if they become members of the Pacific
Association. President Bockman Informed
the regatta committee that the races at
Tiburon will probably be held on May 20,
on which day there will be high water in
Belvedere Cove about 4 o'clock in the
afternoon. .The boats will start near the
Olympic boathouse, will proceed along
Valentines Island to tho Corinthian Yacht
Club house and return thence to the start
ing point. It was suggested that the re
gatta committee of the Pacific Associa
tion should take charge of the races and
should hold a junior barge and junior and
senior skiff events. A- suggestion that
each of the rowing clubs competing
should contribute $5 toward the purchase
of a trophy met with much opposition,
and no decision was reached. It was
pointed out that a large number of spec
tators will attend the ladies' day and that
the sport of rowing will be advanced
thereby.
ANNUAL BANQUET OF
LOCAL YALE ALUMNI
Judge Taft of Philippine Commission
the Guest of Honor — Told of
Old College Bays.
The annual banquet of the California
Yale Alumni Association was held at the
California Hotel last night. Judge W. H.
Taft, president of the Philippine Commis
sion, was the guest of honor. About
seventy-five covers were laid. The lead-
Ing speakers of the evening were Judge
Taft, Professor Thomas R. Bacon and W.
H. L. Barnes. Many good stories of col
lege days were told and the evening was
a merry one. Among the prominent alum
ni present were: Judge Seawell, Captain
Goodrich of the battleship lowa, Timothy
Hopkins, Professor Bernard Moses, Judge
W. W. Morrow, James M. Allen, Profes
sor C. B. Bradley, George and B. L. Cad
wallader, Professor E. B. Clapp, D. M.
Delmas, Samuel Knight and Donald
Campbell.
IOSS. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; three-year-olds: purse. J4OO.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright. 1900. by
H. H. Egbert.
< T ANFORAN PARK, Friday. April 13. 1900.— Weather fine. Track *ood
TITE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL 14, 1900.
dorf, Baden, Germany, aged 62 years .11
months and 18 days. (New York papers please
copy.)
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1426 Geary street.. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by train leaving Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock. Please omit
flowers.
KENNEY— In this city. April 12. 1900, Annie,
dearly beloved wife of Michael Kenney,
and mother of • Edward. Katherine. James,
Annie, TeEsie and Sister Mary Felicitas Ken-
ney, a native of County Roscommon, Ireland.
(Cy— rlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 66S Harrison street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McGLONE— In the City and County Hospital,
April 13, 19G0. James McGlone, a native of
California, aged 36 years.
MAGORTY— In this city. April 11. 1900, Abbie
Teresa Magorty, dearly beloved wife of Wil-
liam Magorty, and beloved mother of John.
Fred and Lizzie Magorty, Mrs. Harry Marks
and Mrs. Edward Kelly, a native of Leitrim,
Ireland, aged 60 years and 8 months. >
JCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 36 Halght> street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, corner Fillmore and Fell
6treets. for services at 1:30 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
METCALFE— In Coronado. Cal.. April 10. 1300.
Kate Wooster Metcalfe, wife of Captain John
Metcalfe. daughter of the late John B.
Wooster, and sister of Frederick L. and Philip
L. Wooster. a native of California, aged S3
years.
(T-^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2319 Central avenue. Interment pri-
vate.
PARK— In this city, April 12, 1900. Mary Anna,
beloved wife of John B. Park, and mother
of John B. F. and Henry T. Park, a native
of Finland, aged 41 years.
I_rFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 419 Third street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
PINE— In this city, April 12. 1900. Sarah Jane
Pine, beloved mother of Mrs. Maryette Whit-
ten, Mrs. Ida Brown, Mrs. Sally Cottrin and
Mrs. Mollle Whltten. a native of Ohio, aged
70 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law. Z. T. "Whltten. 567 Bryant
street, between Third and Fourth. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
POLLARD— In this city, April 12, 1900, Bamnel
A. Jr.. eldest son of Samuel A. and the late
Josephine Dana Pollard, a native of San Luis
Oblspo, aired 35 years.
E~"Remalns will be forwarded to San Luis
Oblsro for Interment this day (Saturday), by
9 a. m. train.
SCHENK— In this city, April 13. 1900. Edward,
husband of Nellie Schenk, and father of
Charles A.. Edward Jr., Tessie and Frank
Schenk, a native of New Orleans, aged 50
years 5 months and 20 days.
tCFrlends and acquaintances are respect
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. ISuhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, between
Seventh and ! Eighth. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery-
SILVERTHORN— In this city, April 13. 1900,
William H.. husband of Martha" H. Silver-
thorn, a native of Baltimore, Md., aeed 75
years.
SMOOTHERS — In Oakland. April 13. 1900,
Muriel Pearle. Infant daughter of John W.
and Millie Smoothers, a native of Oakland,
a_ed 1 month and 8 days.
THEISS— In Oakland. April 13, 1900, Lydia
Sophia, beloved daughter of Rev. J. H. and
A. Dorothea Theiss, a native of Oakland,
a?ed 3 years 2 months and 26 days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, April 16. 1900. at 2 o'clock, at the
German Lutheran Zlon Church, corner of
Twelfth and Myrtle streets. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
TRAPANI— In this city, April 12, 1900, Vin-
cenzo, beloved brother of Icnacio, Lulgl and
Salvatore Trapanl, a native of Italy, aged
60 years.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 430H Green street, thence to Druids'
Hall, 413 Sutter street, where services will be
held under the auspices of Temolar Grove
No. 19, U. A. O. D. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
TREZIES— In this city. April 12. 1900. Harry
Trezies, a native of England, aged 55 years.
(Spokane papers please copy.)
lt7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 24*5 Mission street, near Twenty-flrst.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
VANCE— In this city. April 13, 1900. Mamie,
beloved wife- of Stinson Vance, dauetater of
Edward and Jane Qulßley, and sister of Liz-
zie Qui_ley, Mrs. J. Murphy and the late
Charles. JSohn and Edward QuiKley, a native
of Tuolumne County, California.
WHITE--In this city, April 12. ISOO. Joseph J.,
eon of Susan M. and the late Peter White,
and brother of Henry P., George F.. Parshall
P. and Ira J. White. Mrs. W. M. Farlin and
Mrs. Fred Muller. all of Montana, and Mrs.
F. Luton of San Francisco, a native of Mon-
tana, ared 3! years.
S7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriages.
IOSO. FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; maiden two-year-old colts and geldings; purs*. HOP.
,m, me ~~^' :25; % « :49 %* GocKl start - all out, second and third driving. Winner. J. O.
Brown & Co.'s eh. g., by Service-Sunrise 11. Winner badly bumped at stretch turn. Graftei
a good finisher. Follow Me quit. El Kara very poor breaker. Scratched-Forbes 106. Billy
Taylor 111. Pesralong 114.
1087. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse. $100.
Time—^4, :24; hi, :4SH: %. 1:14%. Good start. Won easily, second and third dHvlne. Win
ner, D. A. Honls/s b. f.. by Imp. Esher- Morning Glory. Theory spreadeagled her field.
Afghan quit. Jennie Reid poorly ridden. El MMo no speed. Miller pulled up lame.
Scratched— Maxello 103. Ricardo 10«.
Time— H. :12; H. :3t>M: H. 1:">2. Good start. Won cleverly, second and third driving. Win
ner. Charles L. Fair's b. f.. by Imp. Ormonde-Santa Cruz. Oremus did not have much left
Others bad assortment. Scratched — Fllle dOr 105. Red Cherry 103.
10S9. FOURTH RACE— MiIe and a sixteenth: selling : three-year-olds and up: purse, U
Time— l-16, :07; 5-16. :32%; 9-18, :58: 13-16. V.lt%; mile, \:d; 1 l-16m, 1:49. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's b. g., by imp. MMlothlan-Mottle.
Plaid cut off at first turn. Overconfldence nearly cost Morgan the race. Rapido quit »cry
suddenly. Scratched— Chlmura 102.
10fH>. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling: foar-year-olds and upward: purse. 1400.
Time— %. :2V£: hi. :514: *4, l:lS*i: mile. l:44i> Good start. Won first three driving Win
ner, W. M. Murry's br. g., by Faverdale-Castalla. With a stronger finisher up Mi>ntalladt
would have ¦won. Obsidian improvlnff. Lodestar cut off on far turn. Socialist no soeed.
Scratched— Lena 112. Donator 11*. Inverary II 114. r>uk<* of York II 111.
1091, SIXTH RACE — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds and upwanl; purse. $4.10.
Time— hi. :13'4: *». :&%; H. 1:03: %. l:T). Good start. Won first three driving. Winner.
J. J. Moran's eh. c. by imp. Bathampton-Crisis. Bathos showed sudden improvement.
Nembula propped at the Ftart.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
HVmM r*tinc casiri.iT.
(FACiriO SYSTEM.)
fMfan 8«a-« nml »¦ «• due to nrrlv* ¦«
NAN mtANVMCO.
(_a_ Line. Foot of Market Street)
LKAT B — F_OM FSBRCART 23, 1900. — ABJUT B
•7:00 a BenicU. Snigun, Elmira, YaeaT_e>
Ramsey and Hk— imcato. *7i 13p
*7sOOa Shasta Eiprcs*— Darls, Willows,
Red Bluff. Portland *7*tSr
•7t30« Martinez, ban lrumcn.VsEejo.Napa,
C_ latc-jra > -nrt Sinta Rosa •O:l.">j>
•S>3O* The Orerlandlinited— Osden, Den*
Ter, Omaha. Chicago.-. *3tlliv
•SiSOa Sau Jose. Llvtrmore, Htoekton,
lone, ftaeramcuto. riacerttlle,
MarjSTllle, Chico, itolßlnfr Mil»p
•MsßOa ¦Milton. Oakdalc.honora. Carters... *l:ISp
•i):iiOa Hay— inls. Nik sand Way stations. •! 1:43*
•0:OOa DiTis, Woodland. KcifhU L-Ddiag.
MarysTille, Orotlile. •7M3?
•9:00 \ AtUntio Kirreßs— OgiJen and East *M:l3a
•0:O«m Marlnf J!, Tr- cy, Ijitiircp, fjtockton,
MerO'HlaodJr'reaDO. '12:15*
• «:««« Port Costs, Fresno, Mojafe and l.m
Atißelrs # 0«43p
• IO:OOa Vali. Jo. Martinez and Way Stations *6:43p
•11 too a Kilcs, Liverinore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Mendota, llanford, Visalia,
lVrterrill* M«IS»
•ISsOOm Hay—arils, KHesand Way Stations. •sti4."»»
tl:O«M* S;icr :itn*iito Hirer Bte»mers f'OOP
•3.-OOP my wards, Nile, and Way Stations. *3:43r
*4:«<»i- Martinez, Han Kimivi, Vallejo,
Nip*. Calfotnf— .. Kiuiiaßftt* •B<lBa
•tiotii- ltcaicia, Vas&TiUc, r_cram«nto,
Woo.ll.vul, Kulshta Ijtndlng.
MjitstUlo, Oro»illo •I»:4»a
•liSOp Nlleg, Han Jrweand Stockton *?il3»
•3: oop Tho Owl Limited— Tracy, Fresao,
• Baltcrafield. Sangus for Santa Bar- *-
ban, L;s Angeles # I«»i4*>a
o3:OOp Sncstt Limited- El P»so, .New Or-
lnnstnd Eiut el 0:13a
•3i:tor Stockton, Mri«<l, Frsiuo M 2:13»
•5:30r Vrestio, Itakenlieiil, Santa Hainan,
Los Angeles, Derofog; l:l Paao.
New Orleans and Kast *Bi4B_
•3iS«p Haiitn Fe Uoute— Atlantic Eipress
for Mnjais and Itast "0.-I.lp
¦0:OOr I7.iy-»nli, NilesandHa- Josa *?:I.la
to-.aoi- vniicjo •ia«ia»
•UiSor Oriental Mall— OgJen, Cheyenne.
Oxaha, Chtcijo ••s43a
*6«=or Oriental M»!l— Ogdcn, Denrer.
Omaha, Chlcsco. *4>lBr
t~>OOr V_llrjn, Port C'oata and Way Sta-
tions. .- J9»33f
•Bt«3p Oregon and California lixpre— i.Nao.
- iitinuiitn,' M.trjstille. Ufii.linsr,
P..rtlun.l. fi.gr> X.m...l »i.d Taut 'WtlBA
COAST DITISIOJI (Narrow <iaage).
(Foot of Uirk.t. Street.)
•MilSa N'eTark.CVuter»iile,Nau.)o6O.f>ltnn.
BouiderCrrek.BautaCrnzand Way
Htetlons •SjS**
f:t:i Sp Newark. Centervllle, Han Jose, New
Almadeo, Felton, Umilder Creek,
Santa- Crua and I'rinclpal Way
Stations flOJtft.
*1:I3p Xevark, San Jose, LosGatos. *Oi2Oa
M I:l5p Hiin'ers' T'.xcunl-n. San Jcso and
WaySt*:io-ii .. . |7»B<F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
•roraSlS rmSCISCO— r.-ot «f «»rl-it Slrn»(S;i»8)—
•7:15 9:00 11.00-,*. IV.ZZ *2:03 !3:C9
•1:00 t5:03 •C:C3^.«.
¦romO.lUUtt— riiltrßrutstT.— *«:oo 0:00 10.00 i.M.
t!3:Ca *I:C3 12.-C3 *3:C3 tl<3 'W3mi.
COAST niTISION (Uroa.lfi.-uipe).
(Third »nd Townweml SU)
|ii:lOt Ocean Viaw, Soutn H_n Francisco.. to»3op
•7:O<»* Kaii Jn»9 and Way KUt!»ns (New
Aliuadeii \VeJnei<U}sr>nl;) *I>S*>T
•W.OO» Han Jim, Trea Vinos. K.iu_ I'riu.
raeiUo (IroTe. Taao Uabies. H»a
l,uls Olilspn. Surf. Lompoa and
Principal Way HUtlmis Mtlw»
•lOiIOa Bau.lcm«aD<l Way SUtlons *O>B3A
•I liltOA Baa Jose atul Way Stations ¦OtSttV
t»:4sr Sau Maten, Itedwood. Meclo Park. .
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. hanJose,
Tres Plnos. Santa Cm Salinaa,
Monterey ami l'acllio Cirovd tl«>:3flA
?3:Si» P Hui Jose and Way KUtlons •?:30p
fl:ISp San Jose an. l Principal WaySUtloos *0:43 a
f3:OOr San Jotoand Principal Y/ay Stations ?»:<•».%
•3:»»p San Josa and Principal Way Stations •N:33a
•6:: tOp San Jose ami Way Stations fB:O4>A
¦ 11t45p San Josaand Way Sutlons »T»3or
A for Morulni P fur Afternoon.
* Dally t Sunday ei<*r>ted. I baoday only.
b Saturday nn!y.
m Taesdays _td Frid»j-s c Thnndays and Snadaya,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferr--
Com— lenclns October 1, 18M.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VA_ —ST-
AND SAN* RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— •7:OO. # 3:M. U:00 a. m.J 1:4
•1:40. 5:15. 6:00. 6:31 d. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa Ra-
fael, on Mondays. Wednesdays aad Saturdays,
at 9:40 and 11:20 o. ~ i.
SUNDAYS— *i-M. *10:00, 11:39 a. za.; n_V
t:l5, *4:45. a:3O. »:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•> run to San Qnentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-S:JS. t.ti. 7:45. »9:40 a. m.j
•U:SO, 2:15, '3:40, '5:13 p. m.
EXTRA TRIP 3 on Monday-, Wednesdays a_J
Saturdays at <:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:*>. »«:00. 10:09. «11:« a. _?
•1:40. «J:l5. 4:45. »«rtt t>. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILK. VAI_,ET TO SAN FRANCISCa
WEEK DAY»-5:45. «:4S. 7:55. 9:15 a. m.j
11:25, i:K. 3:45. 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aa4
Saturdays at 7:CO and 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYB-«:05. W:CS a. o.: _^15. !:_, t_J,
I*oo 1:43 v. — i-
' THROUGH TRAINS.
ftCO a. m. week days— Caxadero and way staUona.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tornales and way stations.
t:00 a. m. Susdaya— Tom alas and way stat!a__,
f '^ Dr.jGlbbon's Dispensary,
•[^¦if* In lS3f for tae treatment of Private
sfl 1 X -^fey Diseases, Lost Manhiwrft Debility or
K^Ji*V»-*3*|<lisea.««>'r ¦ earing on bodyand mind and
¦•*_ HB« _a Skin Diseases. IliedoctoreoreswhPti
_5 ffiftj *»a others fall. Try him. Char?e» jo\-
CttJ_aa_<'nre«sn»rantfed. Ca!lorwr!t«,
Dr. J. tf. «*_BBOar, Box 1*97. San fraacUco
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFiCE— IIIB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
g2600g 2600 _ o i3b(jQ
Jurt completed, "NEW Engllch and Dutch
style cottages and houses, containing 6 rooms,
porcelain bath, pantries, china closet, book-
cases, polished paneled dining-room, se— -lng--
rcom. etc. In fact, thoroughly up to date in
every feature: fine locations: close to local
trains, echools, cars, etc.; terms easy.
J. 8. MYERS.
1002 Broadway,
Oakland.
ntOO SNAP. Jl5OO
Xeat cottage, 6 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; sunny exposure, and has all the mod-
ern conveniences; street work complete; good
location and neighborhood; close to cars,
schools, etc. ; chance for a home at most rea-
sonable figure. *
J. S. MYERS,
1003 Broadway,
Oakland.
GET your own home at a bargaln-
For sale— Houses and lots, to suit, by the
Coeir lopolltan Building Association: small pay-
ment required; easy terms. E. K. WATER-
MAN. 1107 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland;
Union Hotel block.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAL_.
AN* 'ntroductloo to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture <Wl<r.. llth and Franklin. Oakland.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
SAN FRANCISc67~Aprn 11. 1900^The~flrm of
OLSEX, RUTH & COOK Is this day dis-
solved by mutual consent. Messrs. OLSEN
and COOK succeed to the business and all
bills will be paid by said OLSEN and COOK,
and they will collect all outstanding claims.
Witness: HENRY YON TAGEN, H. O.
EIEBERS, M. OLSEN, LOUIS RUTH. C. D.
COOK. ¦
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 78 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company, win be payable at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., on and after
Friday, April 20, 1900. Transfer books will
close on Friday. April 13. 1800, at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 8 (25c per
chare) ef the Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co.
will be payable at the office of the company,
327 Market st.. on and after MONDAY, April
16. IPOO. Transfer books will close on Tues-
day. April 10. 1900. at 8 p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
DEEP Water Harbor, San Pedro. Cal.— United
States Engineer Office, Laughlln building,
Los AngeleE, Cal., April 12, 1900. Sealed pro-
posals for continuing construction of break-
water at San Pedro, Cal., will be received
here until 11 a. m.. May 14. 1900. and then
publicly opened. Information furnished on
application. JAMES J. MEYLER. Captain
Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses hare been Issued as follows:
Albin A. W. Werner. 28, 2355 Sutter street.
and May E. Schuler, 23, Los Angeles.
William M. Sheehan, 2S. 24 Preclta avenue,
and Katie M. O'Leary. 23, 24 Preclta avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
J-ln at either of the publication offices and be
I Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
j sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
LEDGETT— In Oakland. April 13. 1900, to the
wife of J. W. Ledgett. a daughter.
SPRINGSETT— In Gilroy, April 10, ISOO, to the
wife of Rowland Springsett. a son.
: MARRIED,
NELSON— ALF— In this city. April 13. 1900, by
the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. John S. Neison of
Oakland, and EUn Alt of San Francisco.
DIED."
Arpln. Adolph McGlone, James
i Cheveslck, Annie Magorty. Abble T.
Crowell. Charles H. Metcalfe. Kate W.
Donovan, Delia Park. Mary A.
Dowd, Mary Pine. Sarah J.
Flnck. John W. Pollard, Samuel A.Jr.
Fletcher. Isabelle L. Schenk, Edward
Frasa. FVank L. Silverthorn, Wm, H.
Fuller. George E. Smoothers. Muriel P.
Goldberg. Queenie Thelss, Lydla S.
Holden. Peter Trapanl. Vincenzo
Hcrnung. Gustav Trezies. Harry
Johnson, Bendix O. Vance, Mamie
Kahn. Jennette White, Joseph J.
Kenney. Annie
ARPIN— In this city, April 13. 1900, Adolph
Arpln. a native of Canada, aged 63 years. ¦
CHEVESICK— In this city, April 12. ISOO, Annie
Cheveslric. beloved wife of Vincent Cheve-
Bick and mother of Maria, Irene and Allen
Chevesick. a native of California, aged 37
years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 726*4 McAllister street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery-
CROWELL— In this city, April 12, 1900. Charles
H Crowell. beloved husband of Aurella A.
Crowell, father of Mrs. Estelle A. Kellogg
and Fannie B. and Fred W. Crowell. and
grandfather of Adele E. Kellogg, a native of
Wlndham, N. H.. aged 70 years 2 months and
25 days. (Grass Valley papers please copy.)
t~" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 33-0 SeventP«nth street, thence by elec-
tric funeral car. corner Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets, at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
DONOVAN— In this city, April 13. 1900. Delia
Donovan, beloved wife of Michael M. Dono-
van, and beloved mother of Frank M.. Wil-
liam H., John J.. George M. and Lawrence
A. Donovan, a native of Ireland, aged 70
years.
DOWD— In this city, April _, 1900, Mary, be-
loved wife of the late Peter Dowd. and
mother of Mrs. J. Ktrlin and Margaret E.
Dowd, a native of County Tyrone, Ireland.
(Boston and Cambridge, Mass., papers please
copy.)
Z-'-T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2537 Mission street, thence to St.
Peter's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery-
FINCK— In this city, April 18. 1900. John Wil-
liam Flnck, beloved husband of Betha Finck,
father of William Flnck; and brother of Mrs.
Moritz and Mrs. Tamm, a native of Rlng-
stcdt-atnt-Lehe, Hanover, Germany, aged 45
years and 8 months.
(_TRe— tains at the parlors of H. F. Maass,
917 Mission etreet, near Fifth.
FLETCHER— In Neponset. Mass.. March 22,
1900. Isabelle L., widow of Asa P. Fletcher,
and mother of Walter K. Fletcher of San
Francisco and William A. Fletcher of Chi-
cago, aged 66 years.
FRAGA— In this city, April 13. 1900. Frank L.
Fraga, beloved husband of Mary Fraga, step-
brother of Edward Sylva, and beloved son of
Mary Sylva, a native of California, aged 23
years.
ir7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 425H Filbert street, between Kearny
and Dupont. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
FULLBR—In this city, April 10, 1900, George
E. Fuller, beloved brother of James, Fred
and Victor Fuller, Mrs. Gus Taschner and
Mrs. Harry Parker, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 38 years 1 month and 26 days.
g_T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Odd Fellows'
Hall, corner Seventh and Market streets, un-
der the auspices of Apollo Lodge No. 123, I.
O. O. F. Interment Masonic Cemetery. Re-
mains at the parlors of the California Un-
dertaking Company, 405 Powell street, near
Post.
GOLDBERG —In this city. Acrtl 13, 1900.
Queenia Goldberg, beloved daughter of
Charles and Addle Goldberg, and sister of
Isaac J. and Malcolm Goldberg, a native of
San Francisco, aged 9 years 2 months and 18
days.
HOLDEN— In this city. April 12, 1900. Peter
Holden. beloved son of the late James and
Catherine Holden, and brother of James,
Davlfi, Cornelius and Michael Holden, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 36 years.
• _?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 23 Fifth street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOKNUNG— In Oakland. April 13. 1900, Gustav,
beloved husband of Pauline Hornunir. and
father of Eugene B. Hornung and Mrs. Theo.
Gler. a native of Germany, aged 73 years 2
months and 12 days. ,
IT-TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resl-
• dence of Mr. Theo. Gler. 913 Magnolia street,
Oakland. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
San Francisco.
JOHNSON— In this city, April 12. 1900, Bendlx
0., beloved son of C. F. and Anne Johnson
and brother of J. C. Johnson and Mrs. A. T.
Halck, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 10 months and 21 days.
(CTFrlends and' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2528 Pine street. ¦ Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
KAHN— In this city. April IS, 1900, Jennette,
beloved wife of Herrman Kahn. and mother
of Julius, Berthold, Louis. Emil, Adolph.
Charles and Rebecca Kahn. a native of Al-
HhNRY.J. GALLAGHER CO.,
«fcucc«-sor» to Flannagan "" _ Gallagher),
FCMKKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBA— — ££_»
to Fllta st.. opposite Lincoln school.
Zcltphoaa SouU H.
13
DC
Index. Horse. Weight. |St. U
1057 Gaylon Brown 103 4 '.
S&t Grafter io2 s
10T5 Loyal S IMS 1 I"
977 Follow lie 106 1
1047 lUHouon .""n- g
100S XI Kara ' 107 10
1057 Briton 105 2 .."
— Articulate us 5
969 Btlly Lyons 106 8 .'..
1047 Immodell in 9
— Phil Branson... Uo Left ... '
_IL_.
X
3 H
4 1
2 h
5 1
1 1
8 1
5 H
» 3
71
10
Str. Fin.
11 11
2h 3 1
4 b l«
3h 4 H
5« 5 1
7 61
«1 7 2
8 8 1
» »5
10 li>
I Jockey.
Buchanan .
I. Powell...
K. Ross....
£nos
Bozeman ..
Morgan ...
JAmes
H. Shields.
jLopue
J. Woods...
O'Brien ....
_v
Op. _<
3
3
10
»
13
3
10
3
13
»>
13
Ct
I
7-2
1)
10
S
3
a
5
13
SO
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ! St.
1069 Theory. 4 1061 5
112 Beau Monde. 5 1141 «
10TS Afghan. 5 111! 4
1077 Jennie Reid. 4 10«! 8
107S Miss Marlon, 4 101 l 7
10C5 El Mldo. 4 103 S
1063 Uterp. 4 101 9
363 Lou Rey, 4 1(W 1
George Miller. a...,106| 2
_M
1 2
2 1
3 1
ns
6 3
9
5 H
8 H
4 h
%
1 19
2 3
4 1
7 4
5 2
»
8 %
II
3H
Str.
1 5
2 1
3 2
5 3
4 H
8 1
6 1
9
71
Fin.
1 5
2 Iti
3 4
4H
5 1
« 1
7 3
8 4
9
I Jockey.
jEnos
i Macklln
H. Shields
E. Ross
[Henry
IGaffney
JBasstnger
(Ames
.O'Brien
_ipp
? »-":
.. 1>
" si
.. 31
.. 1
»
2
4
5
13
»
(
13-
]
c
1
Cl
M
10
9-
E
6
1
I
M.
to
8.1
.¦«>
60
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
— Oremus llt> 3
1074 Ahwahnee 105 2
1050 Garbo 110 6
92S Young Morello 110 »
1002 Flush of Gold 110 4
839 Palatine 107 W
10«9 Pldalla HOi g
1074 Bona 105! 5
10!»S Reginald Hushes 107112
1074 Swiftwater 106!U
1031 Sarsfield 107! 7
772 Goldflnder 107 13
563 Devereux 115!l4
1050 Louise Haymaa 1101 1
1050 Loboslna 105 Left
«¦-
_H
23
1 2
3 h
5H
3 1
9 3
7 2
11
12
14
4 h
13
10 3
«4
%
1 1
23
5 1
3 3
6 4
7 2
4 4
94
10 1
11
12
13
8 3
14
Str
r.
Fin.
1 2
22
3 1
4 1
SI
6 1
7 1
84
9
19
11
12
13
14
Jockey.
Henry
Ames
Enos ,
Macklln
Mounee
Bassinger ..,
Cannell
E. Ross
Herbert
I. Powell
Fofrs
J. 'Woods
Buchanan ...
jShaw
' Lr;u»
[Op.
... 7-10
... 1)
... S
... 10
... 12
... SO
... 30
7
... 100
8
?. 13
... 12
8
... r>
...I 33
Cl
7-M
30
7
10
30
80
60
15
15-1
15
30
30
%
a
.ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. Ist. U
1064 Scotch Plaid. 5 106 4 3 H
1076) Perseus, a 106 I 11
ICS4 Morinel. 5 106 1 4h
1«3 La Borgia, 3 85 5 5
1064 Rapldo. a 106J 2 12
s
3 1 24
12 12
5 3 1
41 4 4
2 H 6
Str.
1 h
8 5
32
4 4
I
Fin.
1 ns
2 8
3 4
43
5
I
[Mo
iHe
F
'Air
_Jo<
•rga
;nry
Wo
Dal
nes
»ckey.
in
r
xids
ly
...I 4
... 3
1-3
?-5
S
n
CI.
45
n
25
20
!ndcx. Hone. Age. Weight. |St-
1063 Casdale. 3 105 9
1063 Montallade. a 113 6
1036 Obsidian. 4 113 4
901 Stromo. 4 110 2
1036 Montanus. 4 113 3
1076 Storm Kins, « 117 1
1012 Lodestar. 6 114 5
1070 Colonel Root. 5 114 8
10TS Grand Sachem. 5... 114 7
1063 Poorlands, 4 110 11
1018 Socialist. 4 114 10
M
7 2
2 4
a?
s i
1 V,
9 3
10 2
8 2
11
5 h
M
4 2
1 2
3 1
5 %
6 1
2 I
10 1
7 H
9 1
11
8 n
3 1
1 4
2 2
5 14
•6 1
4 2
8 1
T«
10
92
11
1
1
Str.
1 1
2 1
3 1
5 1
6 2
4 »4
7 1
8 2
9 3
10
11
Fin.
1 n
2
3 4
4 h
5
6 1
7 2
8 1
93
10
11
Jew
!E. Re*
Johnst
|H. Sh
iFaunt
|Mor*a
I Henry
lAme9
I Mack 1
(Mounc
J. Da!
Glover
»ss.
tier
m
r ..
l!n
ca
,!y.
r .
ey.
!d».".V.l
roy ...
|Op.
•:i 1
.. 10
.. *¦»
7
.. S
4
. »
.' 20
?! 4<>
.! 1)
¦
IS
index. Horse. Age.
10S5 Bathos. 3
1030 Dr. Nemhula,
1065 Sunello, 3
528 Klckumbob. 3.
415 Flamaway. 4...
1043 Bly, 4
4
Vel
1...
¦lght.jSt.
...10>V 3
...106J 2
... 92-4
... *S «
...I>3! 1
...ios; 5
1 2
5 2
3 1
4 h
2 2
6
1 h
2 3
5 5
4 1
3 1
6
1 n
2 i:
* M
3 1
«
n
12
1
t?t!
1 1
3 '
4 1
5 ]
I
tr.
n
12
u_l_
i H
> M
]R
I El
: Xv
IH
*
L.l
DC
Index. Horse. Weight. |St. U
1057 Gaylon Brown 103 4 '.
S&t Grafter io2 s
10T5 Loyal S IMS 1 I"
977 Follow lie 106 1
1047 lUHouon .""n- g
100S XI Kara ' 107 10
1057 Briton 105 2 .."
— Articulate us 5
969 Btlly Lyons 106 8 .'..
1047 Immodell in 9
— Phil Branson... Uo Left ... '
_IL_.
X
3 H
4 1
2 h
5 1
1 1
8 1
5 H
» 3
71
10
Str. Fin.
11 11
2h 3 1
4 b l«
3h 4 H
5« 5 1
7 61
«1 7 2
8 8 1
» »5
10 li>
I Jockey.
Buchanan .
I. Powell...
K. Ross....
£nos
Bozeman ..
Morgan ...
JAmes
H. Shields.
jLopue
J. Woods...
O'Brien ....
_v
Op. _<
3
3
10
»
13
3
10
3
13
»>
13
Ct
I
7-2
1)
10
S
3
a
5
13
SO
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. ! St.
1069 Theory. 4 1061 5
112 Beau Monde. 5 1141 «
10TS Afghan. 5 111! 4
1077 Jennie Reid. 4 10«! 8
107S Miss Marlon, 4 101 l 7
10C5 El Mldo. 4 103 S
1063 Uterp. 4 101 9
363 Lou Rey, 4 1(W 1
George Miller. a...,106| 2
_M
1 2
2 1
3 1
ns
6 3
9
5 H
8 H
4 h
%
1 19
2 3
4 1
7 4
5 2
»
8 %
II
3H
Str.
1 5
2 1
3 2
5 3
4 H
8 1
6 1
9
71
Fin.
1 5
2 Iti
3 4
4H
5 1
« 1
7 3
8 4
9
I Jockey.
jEnos
i Macklln
H. Shields
E. Ross
[Henry
IGaffney
JBasstnger
(Ames
.O'Brien
_ipp
? »-":
.. 1>
" si
.. 31
.. 1
»
2
4
5
13
»
(
13-
]
c
1
Cl
M
10
9-
E
6
1
I
M.
to
8.1
.¦«>
60
Index. Horse. Weight. |St.
— Oremus llt> 3
1074 Ahwahnee 105 2
1050 Garbo 110 6
92S Young Morello 110 »
1002 Flush of Gold 110 4
839 Palatine 107 W
10«9 Pldalla HOi g
1074 Bona 105! 5
10!»S Reginald Hushes 107112
1074 Swiftwater 106!U
1031 Sarsfield 107! 7
772 Goldflnder 107 13
563 Devereux 115!l4
1050 Louise Haymaa 1101 1
1050 Loboslna 105 Left
«¦-
_H
23
1 2
3 h
5H
3 1
9 3
7 2
11
12
14
4 h
13
10 3
«4
%
1 1
23
5 1
3 3
6 4
7 2
4 4
94
10 1
11
12
13
8 3
14
Str
r.
Fin.
1 2
22
3 1
4 1
SI
6 1
7 1
84
9
19
11
12
13
14
Jockey.
Henry
Ames
Enos ,
Macklln
Mounee
Bassinger ..,
Cannell
E. Ross
Herbert
I. Powell
Fofrs
J. 'Woods
Buchanan ...
jShaw
' Lr;u»
[Op.
... 7-10
... 1)
... S
... 10
... 12
... SO
... 30
7
... 100
8
?. 13
... 12
8
... r>
...I 33
Cl
7-M
30
7
10
30
80
60
15
15-1
15
30
30
%
a
.ndex. Horse. Age. Weight. Ist. U
1064 Scotch Plaid. 5 106 4 3 H
1076) Perseus, a 106 I 11
ICS4 Morinel. 5 106 1 4h
1«3 La Borgia, 3 85 5 5
1064 Rapldo. a 106J 2 12
s
3 1 24
12 12
5 3 1
41 4 4
2 H 6
Str.
1 h
8 5
32
4 4
I
Fin.
1 ns
2 8
3 4
43
5
I
[Mo
iHe
F
'Air
_Jo<
•rga
;nry
Wo
Dal
nes
»ckey.
in
r
xids
ly
...I 4
... 3
1-3
?-5
S
n
CI.
45
n
25
20
!ndcx. Hone. Age. Weight. |St-
1063 Casdale. 3 105 9
1063 Montallade. a 113 6
1036 Obsidian. 4 113 4
901 Stromo. 4 110 2
1036 Montanus. 4 113 3
1076 Storm Kins, « 117 1
1012 Lodestar. 6 114 5
1070 Colonel Root. 5 114 8
10TS Grand Sachem. 5... 114 7
1063 Poorlands, 4 110 11
1018 Socialist. 4 114 10
M
7 2
2 4
a?
s i
1 V,
9 3
10 2
8 2
11
5 h
M
4 2
1 2
3 1
5 %
6 1
2 I
10 1
7 H
9 1
11
8 n
3 1
1 4
2 2
5 14
•6 1
4 2
8 1
T«
10
92
11
1
1
Str.
1 1
2 1
3 1
5 1
6 2
4 »4
7 1
8 2
9 3
10
11
Fin.
1 n
2
3 4
4 h
5
6 1
7 2
8 1
93
10
11
Jew
!E. Re*
Johnst
|H. Sh
iFaunt
|Mor*a
I Henry
lAme9
I Mack 1
(Mounc
J. Da!
Glover
»ss.
tier
m
r ..
l!n
ca
,!y.
r .
ey.
!d».".V.l
roy ...
|Op.
•:i 1
.. 10
.. *¦»
7
.. S
4
. »
.' 20
?! 4<>
.! 1)
¦
IS
index. Horse. Age.
10S5 Bathos. 3
1030 Dr. Nemhula,
1065 Sunello, 3
528 Klckumbob. 3.
415 Flamaway. 4...
1043 Bly, 4
4
Vel
1...
¦lght.jSt.
...10>V 3
...106J 2
... 92-4
... *S «
...I>3! 1
...ios; 5
1 2
5 2
3 1
4 h
2 2
6
1 h
2 3
5 5
4 1
3 1
6
1 n
2 i:
* M
3 1
«
n
12
1
t?t!
1 1
3 '
4 1
5 ]
I
tr.
n
12
u_l_
i H
> M
]R
I El
: Xv
IH
*
L.l- rteasonable. rapid and reliable. Mysell-Rol-
llas. 23 Clay. Lithograph, print, bind any thins.*
Best ranch eggs 17c per dozen at Faber's.
119 Taylor street. •
You can buy Jesse Moore "AA" whlskeyfor
almost the price paid for ordinary whiskey. -
Ladies' fine kid ties, worth 51 75 for 50c
a pair r' the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market.*
OFFICER FELD
MEETS WITH
BIG SURPRISE
Charges Have Been Pre
ferred Against Him by
Captain Wittman.
Chief Sullivan and the Captain Found
Him Drinking in a Saloon With
an Extra Good Looking
Girl.
. Policeman Joseph Feld is not an old
member of the force, and since he has had
the distinction of wearing a star he has
been under the Impression tmat a patrol
man's life is a happy one, consisting
chiefly of spending most of his time In
saloons Instead of on his beat. Complaints
had been frequently made against him,
but he was always fortunate in not being
caught. :
A few night 3 ago Chief Sullivan and
Captain Wittman were in the Western
Addition inspecting saloons to see if the
partitions of the boxes complied with the
law in not being over six feet In height.
While examining one of the saloons Cap
tain Wittman heard a voice that sounded
familiar. He quietly opened the door and
beckoned to the Chief. Seated at a table
with a pretty girl and two glasses of beer
was Policeman Feld. Feld and the girl
sat with their backs toward the door, and
they were laughing and having a good
The Chief and captain stood quietly at
the open door awaiting developments. In
a minute or two Feld turned around, and
his face was a study as his eyes fell upon
the stern countenances of his superior of
ficers. Feld was in full uniform, and his
beat was on Ashbury Heights, about six
blocks away. ,
"Is this the way you patrol your beat?
sternly asked Wittman.
Feld was too confused to make a reply,
but muttered something and slunk out of
the saloon, followed by the girl, who
seemed to feel the awkwardness of the
situation as much as the dlscomntea of
"charges have been filed with the Police
Commissioners by Captain Wittman
against Feld for belnc absent from his
beat and for unomcerllke conduct. The
case will come up before the Commission
ers at their meeting Tuesday night.
|o "PATENTS I
¦VS^33Q MARKET bT.&F.^S^
Young Ladies' Sodality.
The Young Indies' Sodality of St. Pat
rick's parinb will give a musical and "lit
erary entertainment at Odd Fellows'. Hall
Tuesday evening, April 17. A programme
of specialties has been arranged for the
occasion.
Died From Alcoholism.
Tillle Dunn, a native of ' Scotland, 45
years of age, died suddenly yesterday at
her home. 1100 Tennessee street. The body
was removed to the Morgue, where an
autopsy was held by Dr. Leland. Death
was due to alcoholism.
Santa Cruz Road Election.
At the annual stockholders' meeting of
the South Pacific Coast Railway held yes
terday afternoon the following directors
were elected: C. P. Huntlngton, Thomas
H. Hubbard, H. E. Huntlncton, Julius
Kruttschnltt, J. C. Stubbs. N. T. Smith
and J. L. Willcutt. The new board at once
organized and elected the following offi
cers: President, Thomas H. Hubbard;
vice president, 11. E. Huntington; treas
urer. N. T. Smith, and secretary, J. L.
Willcutt.
Headache may be called a woman's
ailment. Some men suffer from it. But
almost all women have to endure its pain
•with each recurring month. This fact
points at once to the intimate relation
between the health of the delicate
womanly organs, and the general health
of the whole body. Dr.-Pierce's Favor-
ite Prescription banishes headache by
banishing its cause. - It cures the dis-
eases which irritate the delicate womanly
organs, fret the nerves and waste the
strength. It increases the vitality and
builds up the nervous system. n Favorite
Prescription" contains no opium, cocaine
or other narcotic
" I ¦want to praise your medicine," writes Mrs.
fiarah J. Burney, of Cresent City, Putnam Co..
Kla "I have ficen sick for twenty years, and
toave been almost in bed five years, and now I
am able to work all day. I have taken eight
bottl-s of ' Favorite Prescription • and four of
•Golden Medical Discovery* and one vial of
' Pellets ' I praise your medicine to all. I had
the headache but it is gone. My throat is well
end cousrh gone, and all my old troubles are
better. I tned many other kinds of mediaac
and four doctors."
Both Wanted in Kansas City.
Marshal Chllds of Kansas City arrived
here yesterday to take charge of "Bill"
Redman, the ex-soldier, who Is accused of
murdering a 'woman in that city, whose
store he and a companion tried to rob.
CbJld3 will not leave with his prisoner
until next week. ' He is waiting for an
other officer from Kansas City, who Is en
route here to take back Alonzo Fisher,
MAY BE NATIVE SONS'
GRAND OUTSIDE SENTINEL
Lectured on Dramas.
- Mrs. Mary Fairweather 'gave the second
of a series of lectures last night at Golden
Gate Hall before • a; large' audience. The
subjects viewed were Hauptmann's "Sunk
en Bell" and "The Invisible Principle."
Death of a Police Officer.
Police Officer Thomas McGlynn, for
many years on duty on the city front,
died last night at his . residence, , 3361
Seventeenth street, of typhoid pneumonia.
Deceased had been connected with, the
Police Department for twenty-two years.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Best ranch eggs 17c per dozen atFaber'B,
119 Taylor street. '¦;'.':. '¦•"-;, riv-^; -> /. ,*..n
Native Sons' Relief Board.
Last evening: the Native Sons* new relief
board Plect^d the following officers for the
current t<erm: W. B. Hazell of Pacific
Parlor, president; W. F. Browning of El
Dorado Parlor, vice president; W. E.
Clark of National Parlor, secretary; H. c.
Pasquale of Golden Gate Parlor", treas
urer; N. P. Hallman of South San Fran
cisco Parlor. W. E. Dear of Alcatraz Par
lor and A. W. Oils of San Francisco Par
lor, trustees.
CALIFORNIA LAND
FOR SALVATIONISTS
Commander Ballington Booth Con
firms the Report of the
Gift.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, April 13.— Commander
Balllngton Booth of the Volunteers of
America, when seen at his home in Clair
mont avenue, Montclalr, N. J., this after
noon said the report that the volunteers
had received a gift of a large piece of
land in California was true.
"Quite recently, said Commander
Booth ¦ "the volunteers have Issued a
plain statement of the advance of the
four-year-old movement. The donors of
the land were so gratified with the state
ment that the volunteers now reach more
than forty million persons each year that
they have shown- their approval in a
practical way." J 'U '*,
Tho tract of land lies near the Santa
Clara Valley and is deeded outright to the
volunteers. It covers more than eighty
acres of beautiful territory.
The volunteers, in addition to their ac
quisition of a home for young women
in Newark, N. J., are now building a
large extension to their home for dis
charged prisoners at Flushing, L. I.
MUTINY THREATENED.
Miners on the Alpha Determined to
Land Where They Choose.
SEATTLE, April 13.— A letter from Tom
Dlnham to a friend here, posted at Van
couver'while the British steamer Alpha
lay there, states that the captain of the
Alpha demanded payment for the de
livery of freight to Nome In full before
gutting out. Three hundred miners on
oard refused, . whereupon the captain
said he would proceed to some point on
the north coast and then drive the men
ashore unless they paid. The miners
agreed to mutiny if this should be at
tempted and' will put the captain ashore
and steam to the Siberian coast. There
are plenty of provisions aboard and the
miners' are organized and armed. The
Alpha left Vancouver recently against
the orders of the United States revenue
service, which forbade her to land freight
at Nome.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fancy Humboldt creamery butter 29c a
square at Faber's, 119 Taylor street. •
Bank Will Sue for Taxes Paid.
The Hlbcrnia Savings and Loan Society
yesterday petitioned the Supervisors' Ju
diciary Committee for the return of $200)
paid as taxrs on a certificate for $120,000
drawn by the United States Government
on itself in payment of interest on bonds.
The committee decided to deny the appli
cation, and the bank will bring suit to re
cover the amount.
A delegation consisting of Justice of the
Peace Kerrigan and Police Judges Fritz
end Cabaniss requested the committee to
furnish them the advance sheets of Su
preme Court decisions, as heretofore.
They contended that they were as much
*r.titled to them as were the Superior
Courts, and the committee decided to
grrant their application.
The committee has perpared a new set
cf rules for the meetings of the board.
with a view to expediting business and
doing away with late sessions.
Truman Seeks a Compromise.
Attorney I. J. Truman Jr. yesterday
filed a petition In the Superior Court ask
ing leave to compromise his claim against
Charles S. Coggins and wife as guardians
of the late Carrie Sankey. Some month 3
before her death Miss Sankey assigned
one-half of her estate to Mr. Truman in
consideration of his agreement to prose
cute her suit against Mr. Coggins and. his
wife to recover property valued at $46,000,
which she alleged, she deeded to the de
fendants under undue influence. After a
long trial Judgment was rendered by
Judge Bahrs. In which he held that the
title vested In Mr. Copgins was 1 invalid
and ordered that the property should be
reconveyed to the plaintiff. Recently
Miss Sankey died, and now Mr. Truman
asks that the court confirm his offer of
compromise, awarding him $2700 in full
satisfaction of his claim against the es
tate, although his judgment claim against
the same amounts to over $20,000.
Commercial Museum Committees.
The executive committee of the Pacific
Commercial Museum met yesterday in
the rooms of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers* Association and appointed a num
ber of additional committees to solicit
funds from the various Hne3 of trade In
the city. Chairman Scott stated that
nearly all of the gentlemen appointed to
help the cause along have accepted the
positions and are getting down to work in
earnest. Eugene Goodwin was appointed
assistant secretary to Secretary Plehn,
whose profesional duties at Berkeley
take up much of his time.
The Boers and England
Are still fighting, but Zinkand's patrons go
along the "even tenor of their way" and con
tinue to crowd the finest cafe In Frisco. •
who is wanted there for the alleged em
bezzlement of over 11000 from the Armour
Packing Company. Fisher was arrested
yesterday on Market street by Detectivts
Dinan and Wren.
FATHER YORKE TELLS
STORY OF THE PASSION
Says Sufferings of the Lord Axe but
an Epitome of Human
Life.
The "Story of the Passion" was the sub
ject of Rev. Father Yorke's sermon at St.
Peter's Church last night. He explained
that the whole history of the world was
a continuation of the passion of the
blessed Lord, and that his terrible suf
ferings were but an epitome of human
life.
••The passion is not a figment of the
dreamer's imapination or a poetic
thought." said Father Yorke. "but it was
a terrible reality. The sufferings endured
by the divine Favior for the many lniqui
tiVs of man were so acute that when he
etood in the Garden of Gcthsemane, on
the Mount of Olives, he cried out in the
agony of death. 'O. my Father, if it be
possible let this chalice of sorrow pass
from me. it is too bitter.' The momentary
weakness passed away, however, for he
realized that the salvation of erring man
was to be wrought by him."
Want War Tax Amended.
A numerously signed petition will go
from the commercial brokers of this city
to Washington next week asking Congress
to set aside the tax provided for in the
war revenue act of 1893 as against com
mercial brokers. The matter will be put
in the hands of Congressman Kahn to
handle before Congress. Among the sign
ers are: A. Gerberdingr, Mansfield Lov
ell, C. B. Jennings. Charles W. Pike &
Co.. Holcomb Brothers, C. S. Bickford,-
Grifflth-Durney Company, Field Mercan
tile Company, Johnson-Locke Mercantile
Company, W. Cerkel, E. Meyer, M. Adler,
Joseph Rosenberg, Gauthier Brothers. M.
Blum & Co., Herman Keiner, Moore. Fer
guson & Co., Cutter & Moseley, S. Kosh
land & Co., L. Kaufmann, G. W. Alex
ander, E. A. Bresse. G. L. Btesse, M. J.
Kast. W. S. Soule. H. Waterman & Co.,
N Gerson, Grangers' Business Associa
tion, Gustav Sutro, Emlle E. Kahn, Her.
man Zadlgr, William Berg. H. Wangen
heim and A. B. Costigan.
COMMISSIONERS
RECEIVE THEIR
INSTRUCTIONS
President McKinley Sends a
Special Messenger From
Washington.
>
Judge Taft and His Colleagues Hold
an Important Meeting — General
Secretary Has Not Yet
Been Selected.
There was an Important meeting of the
Philippine Commission In the rooms of
Jadjre Taft at the Palace Hotel yesterday
afternoon. In the morning a special mes
senger arrived from Washington with
sealed instructions from President Mc-
Kinley to the commission. So important
was his mission that the press represen
tatives at Washington did not learn of
his departure from that city, and even
now his Identity is not known.
As soon as possible Judge Taft sent for
his colleagues, and a.t 3 o'clock Commis
sioners Wright, lde, Moses and Worces
ter met In his apartments. The Instruc
tions were read by Judge Taft and gen
erally discussed by the members of the
commission until dinner time. The meet
ing was executive. After it was over
Judge Taft was seen and asked for a copy
cf the instructions.
"Obviously," he said. "I am not In a po
sition to make any disclosures In regard
to our insi ructions. If they are to be
made public President McKinley is the
man to do it. I can say nothing."
At yesterday afternoon's meeting candi
dates for the position of general secretary
of the commission were, again discussed,
but no selection was made. Judge Taft
paid afterward that in all probability no
selection would be male until the Com
missioners have reached Manila.
A. W. Ferguson, the Planish secretary,
arrived yesterday from V»'ashington, and
his assistant, F. C. Dominguez or Los An
geles is also in the city. Mr. Ferguson
ected as interpreter for the Paris Peace
Commission. He resigned the position of
Chief Translator of the Bureau of Ameri
can Republics at Washington in order to '
accept a position under the Philippine
Commissioners. Mr. Dominguez is well
known in the southern part of the State :
as an expert interpreter.
J. W. Brannigran, the distributing olHcer
of the commission, is also at the Palace. ;
He held the same office under the Paris
Peace Commission, and resigned the posi
tion of distributing officer for the Depart
ment of State at Washington in order to
accompany the Philippine Commissioners.
General Shafter announced to the Com
missioners yesterday that he had ar
ranged for them to sail on the transport
Hancock at noon Tuesday. On Monday
General Shafter has invited Ju.lge Taft
and his colleagues to lunch with him £t
the Pacific-rninn Club.
Hales.
SOUGHT DEATH TO END
HER LIFE OF SHAME
Rose Reaves Is the Name of the Girl
Who Attempted Suicide in
the Park. :
ROSE REAVES Is the name of *V t^^ip I*^.1 *^.
the girl who tried to commit W'^^C HjOT^Uffitvitft^ib'
suicide early yesterday morning
was for a short time previous to the ( wV,^OTmi\\\\M\\WM^^
time she tried to end it all an inmate S VivfldJfflJ *fi l\\\u\w\\\\\WS^w\
of a house at 322 Mason street. Pre- R'mV^^H! MIUUMwWWw^Hfc
viously she had Jived in other houses V* (j '^§3 fill VM\WZL-mE&fflSr'
of ill repute, and on one occasion lately 'X^flj^MLUuj iU^M|ntBBHHP^
attempted suicide by taking: poison.
It is the same sorrowful old tale— '^"""""'""^3^'^
the sudden realization of the awfulness
of a life of shame, deep, bitter, repent- MISS ROSE REAVES,
ance and then a longing for the
oblivion of death. The poor unfortunate refused to divulge her name or
residence when brought to the Receiving Hospital yesterday morning. She
called herself "Helen Grey," but afterward admitted that the name was
assumed and told conflicting tales of a lonely, loveless life, without home,
relatives or friends.
"I'm not clever," she said, "and so cannot adopt any profession by
means of which I might earn a living. In a store I would get $3 a week,
and I could not live on that. I am not strong enough to do hard work and
in no way am fitted to look after myself. Death was the only thing."
Last evening, when she was told that her identity was no longer a
matter of conjecture and that her name was Rose Reaves, she reluctantly
admitted the sad truth. ~'i:':?
"It was an awful life," she moaned. "It was killing me by Inches and
death seemed the only way out of it all." ;'}>,:/-
And that Is all Rose Reaves would say. Not. one word to explain how
an apparently refined, well educated, beautiful young woman forsook the
narrow, blessed path for the broad and thorny one.
Rose Reaves was resting quietly last evening and there is every hope of
her ultimate recovery. The poor girl is apparently about 20 years of age,
pretty, attractive and refined, and bears none of the earmarks of the terrible
life she has been leading. Early yesterday morning a messenger brought the
girl a note, which proved to be the. effusion of a crank. It was signed "A
Gentlemen," and read aa follows, bad spelling and all:
April 13.
Miss Helen Gray— Dear Maddam: If you are In want of .a friend please answer this
note by this messenger and say where and when I can see you. I am a Gentelman,
Lonely, a stranger In the city. Have had a trreat disappointment. We may be able
to share each other's troubles and Help us both. Very Respect Yours '
It Is needless to say the "gentleman's" note was unanswered.
CONGRESSMAN KAHN'S
MOTHER PASSES AWAY
Mrs. Jennette Kahn, wife of Herrman
Kahn and mother of Congressman Julius
Kahn, passed away yesterday at her late
residence, 1426 Geary street. The news of
her death was received with deep sorrow
by her friends, as she was kindly thought
of by all who knew her.
While old age was primarily the cause
of her death, a slight Illness preceded it.
Six sons and a daughter— Julius, Berthold,
Louis, Emil. Adolph. Charles and Re
becca Kahn— survive her.
Deceased was born in Aldorf, Baden,
Germany, and at the time of her death
was nearly 63 years old. Her distinguished
son has been apprised of the sad news and
is hurrying to* this city for tho purpose of
paying his last respects to the dead. The
funeral will be held to-morrow from the
late residence, and interment will be in
Home of Peace Cemetery.
GOOD FRIDAY OBSERVED
IN MANY CITY CHURCHES
Customary Services Betokening the
Solemn Season Held by Catho
lics' and Protestants.
Good Friday was duly solemnized In this
city yesterday. Processions of little chil
dren clad 1 In white went to the Catholic
churches, and the customary ceremonies
of the season were observed. The history
of Christ's passion and death was chanted
as given in the gospel of St. John. Solemn
prayers' were said j for all mankind. In
the evening ¦ there were sermons on the
death of Christ. The exercises of the ven
eration of the cross took place during the
day. There was no mass celebrated, as
the priests and all the dignitaries of the
church are assembled in spirit around Cal
vary on Good Friday, and that is the only
day in the year when; mass is not- said.
The season, also was .observed by the
Episcopalian churches, and there were
several special services.
DELEGATES ARE
APPOINTED BY
THE POPULISTS
Thirty- Six Men Named by
State Central Committee
of the Party.
Bryan the Choice of the Delegation
to Sioux Falls' Convention— Plans
for Fusion With Democrats.
Phelan Threatened.
The State Central Committee of the
People's party met at the California
Hotel yesterday aXternoon and appointed
the following delegates to attend a na
tional convention of Populists at Sioux
Falls, S. D., on May S: At large— E. M.
Wardall. E. S. Van Meter. First Congres
sional 'District —J. W. Keegan, Gus
Thresher, M. E. Dittmar, William Ayres
and Georgp H. Rogers. Second District-
Morris Brooke, H. W. Wood, Tony Ditt
mar, Chris Runckle, Pei.e; Mlniken and
A. L. Forman. Third District— 3urdette
Cornell. John Aubrey Jones, W. A. Vann,
X. J. Manson. Fourth District— J. G. Gil
lespie, Henry Huppert, William Meekin.
Filth District— A. B. Kinne. J. W. Reay,
F. B. Brown. O. O. Filkner, J. K. Bur
nett and Aaron Wash. Sixth District— C.
A. Barlow, W. B. Prindle, Milton Carlsen,
F. J. Gregory and J. M. Hardwlck. Sev
enth District— John S. Dore, C. H. Castle,
J. L. Dryden, F. G. Havens and J. H.
Peck.
Any other kind of a party than the
Bryan Populists would deem the proceed
ings of yesterday's session as decidedly
irregular and somewhat grotesque. Only
ten members of the entire committee were
present. It was said that other members
sufficient to make a quorum of the State
Central Committee were represented by
proxy, but the secretary did not unfold
the written evidence of proxy representa
tion to the newspaper scribes.
The session was secret, but the fact was
disclosed that the actual attendants were:
E. S. Van Meter, Fresno; Fred Brown,
San Jose; H. W. Wood, Sacramento; W.
P. Netherton, Santa Cruz; C. A. Barlow,
San Luis Obtepo; H. A. Mason, Santa
Clara; Henry Huppert, J. W. Reay, Wil
liam Meekin and A. B. Kinne, San Fran
rlsco. The chairman of the meeting was
K. S. Van Meter. A. B. Kinne acted as
secretary-
George A. Clough of San Francisco and
George W. Monteith of Marin were on the
outside. Mr. Clough. it appears, had a
right to participate in the so-called de
liberations. He was about to exercise his
right, when the doorkeeper denied him
admission to the room. There was no up
roar over the exclusion. Mr. dough
was simply advised that a committee was
considering whether or not he should be
admitted. Pending the report of the com
mittee the chair ruled that the insiders,
having paid the rent of the rooms, had
the right to admit or exclude any one at
their pleasure.
Mr. Clouph had no one to appeal to ex
cept Monteith and the newspaper report
ers. After all the business was transacted
and the adjournment announced the com
mittee on Clough's case reported in favor
of his admission.
Some time ago Mr. Clough rendered
himself unpopular by asking leading ques
tions concerning the disbursement of
campaign money. The manner of his in
quiry conveyed the impression that 'he
suspected that some of the money had
been squandered or stolen. 1,. -' '.
Superior Judge Lawlor. a well-known
Bryan Democrat, was behind the scenes
of yesterday's performance. When mem
bers of the committee were In doubt as
to the manner of proceeding a delegate
was detailed to interview the Judge. The
latter readily gave the advice' sought. It
was suggested that he had a supply of
oil for the political machine, as every
thing worked with remarkable smooth
ness after the consultations.
The thirty-six delegates appointed yes
terday were not instructed, but it was
not difficult to elicit the expression that
they are for Bryan. A resolution was
adopted authorizing the delegates attend
ing: the national convention to cast . the
vote of absentee members. Authority to
use proxies was denied.
The Populists attending yesterday's
session represent one faction of the Peo
ple's party. The other faction, known as
Middle of the Road Populists, will meet
later on and send delegates to a national
convention to assemble at Cincinnati,
Ohio, May 9. Mr. Monteith figures that
a majority of all the State Central Com
mittee favors the plan of sending dele
gates to the Ohio convention. The out
and-out Bryan Populists swear that the
South Dakota convention is the only real
thing and that the Cincinnati affair is but
a Dewey side show.
The Bryan Populists report that they
will not take steps toward the nomination
of Presidential Electors and members of
Congress until next August. The subject
matter in this respect was yesterday re
ferred to the executive committee. The
developments indicated that fusion with
the Democrats on the Presidential elec
toral ticket is in comtemplation.
It is said among the politicians that Seth
Mann will soon Issue a call for a meeting
of the Democratic State Central Commit
tee to arrange for an early convention at
Sacramento. The hint has already been
passed to the "insiders" that delegates to
the State convention will be appointed.
It Is known that the members of the Dem
ocratic County Committee will not enter
tain a proposition to hold primaries to
elect delegates, as they are convinced that
the masses of the party would rush to the'
polls and cast their votes to rebuke Phe
lan. The indignation In the party caused
by the weakness and corruption of the
Phelan administration overshadows the
national issue. The political managers
must therefore resort to some scheme to
keep Phelan out of sight.
It is well understood that ex-Senator
White. Jasper McDonald and James G.
Maguire desire to attend the Kansas City
Convention as delegates at large. Ross
Clarke of Los Angeles, brother of the
Montana Senator. Clarke. Is spoken of as
a probable candidate for delegate at
large.
Fourth District Bepublicans.
The Fourth Congressional District Re
publican Committee met at Pythian Cas
tle last evening and adjourned without
transacting any business. Members of
the committee have resolved to wait
awhile to see what course the Fifth Con
gressional Republican Committee will
take In regard to primary elections In San
Francisco. Early next week Max Gold
berg, chairman, will call a meeting of the
committee In the Fifth.
South End Republicans.
At a regular meeting of the South End
Republican Club last night the following
named delegates were elected to the Los
Angeles convention of the Republican
League of Clubs: A. B. Spreckels. George
Stone, H. B. Russ. George A. Donoghue,
Henry McMahon, T. J. Sullivan and J. F.
McGlynn.
Thirty-Second.
The Thirty-second Assembly District
Republican League met last evening and
elected the following delegates to the Los
Angeles convention: Dr. T. Byron de
Witt, J. W. Capus, C. W. Taylor and W.
D. Getchell.
Hales.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, APRIL. 14, 1900,
BARK CHENEY ON
FIRE AT HOWARD
STREET MOORING
Mysterious Blaze in Cargo
Startles Watchman in
Charge.
Fireboat and Several Engines Pour
Streams of Water Into the
"Vessel's Hold for
Hours.
The bark B. P. Cheney was discovered
to be on fire as she lay at Howard-street
wharf No. 1 last night by H. Bergendahl,
the watchman on board.. The bark was
about to sail with a cargo of supplies for
the canneries of the Alaska Packers' As
sociation in Alaska.
Bergendahl and the cabin boy were the
only ones on board of the bark. They both
saw smoke issuing from the hold at about
10 o'clock. Bergendahl ran up the dock
until he met Dr. Morrison of the Receiv
ing Hospital. Dr. Morrison rang In an
alarm from Howard and Spear streets,
and five "engines responded. The fireboat
Governor Irwin also ran alongside the
bark, and soon there were eight streams
of water pouring into the hold of the ves
sel, to which the fire seemed to be con
fined.
Only when the hatch was first taken off
was there any flash of light, and that was
smothered in an instant by the first
stream of water that struck the cargo.
For hours the fire smoldered in the ves
sel. The cargo included a lot of boxing
materials, which burned freely.
At midnight the fire-fighters had the fire
under control. Several holes had been cut
through the decks of the bark In order
that the streams of water might have a
wider range. Frank Peterson, the agent
of the vessel, arrived after a time.- and
also the master of the bark. Captain
Charles Johnson, but they were unable to
estimate the loss. The vessel and cargo
were insured, but they could not say for
what amount.
At the bow cf the Cheney the ship Ta
coma was moored. All hands were on
board and they manifested a lively inter
est in the proceedings. The loss to the
vessel will probably be small. The cargo
must be badly damaged. The origin of
the fire Is a mystery. .-> ¦:¦ . ¦•<
MAKES WEAK WOMEU STRONG
AND SICK WOMEN WELL.
y)Ns_ CAPITAL STOCK $300,000.
. X/f DIVIDENDS \v^\rf
*V A FORTUNES j^^%jJ^N \^
ACRES .^^^^ ¦ Vj^^ IN OTHER
CHOICE OIL OIL F'ELDS.
LAND IN THE -in- PRODUCING
"NEWHALL OIL PROPERTIES IN
DISTRICT. \^^ *^ iK^jJ^^ LOS ANGELES,
J^ V '¦V-V* WRITE FOR ' **// *i^^
JT W^^ ' -^^T'-' MAPS AND PROSPECTUS. £*/%
397, PARROTT BUILDING^Wy^f
..'.jJr. :;^r. ¦:.'.¦ ' ban francisco.. cal. '
read what happens:*- — < I
to*day the Paris Exposition Is to be opened : «
to-day is the "day of days" before Easter: |
to-day we offer every novelty fashion dictates:
to-night Hale's closes as usual at six o'clock :
to-morrow the American flag will wave over a greater
America : Maine to Manila and a greater Pacific :
San Francisco guarding the gate of commeece rises to
greater glory and Hale's new store marks progress!
gloves : neckwear:
a swell glove for a dream m cos- ;^^^^7^ncf^nd 1
tumes™. ; ; .-* 1 ' 50 Ne !^ York designs; see window-
Easter shades in gloves in cerise, and interjor displays,
reine, magenta, nectar and mas-
Jiique, with fancy embroidery, $1.50 p|-|^|-||i*|g^ •
Ye 1 1 1 11 6 S : we have these from Sis-s<> to $97- s©;
T w V &^* we offer double-breasted Eton suits,
the latest veils with fringe border, j ac ket silk lined and front braided,
Iwhite tuxedo mesh with chenille reveres and cuffs braided, skirt fully
dots in black and white; dainty lined; the cloth is a fine grade of
veilings just introduced Venetian cloth In navy and black ;
~ $1.50 e i e gant for traveling ; sizes 32 to 44*.
-onfiruiation or bridal veilings, full . the price $20.00
,72 inches wiße, in three qualities; it is possible to get even now a. swell
per yard 50c, 75c, $1.00 costume of perfect fit; we close at 0
(see the window display) p. m. remember.
we offer every article a well-dressed woman
needs for the Easter parade to-morrow.
sec our millinery display.
CNCOA9ORATC3 XSSS' &a 5 Vo \Sfii" SSkSU
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY AND MONDAY!
Crosse & Blackwell's Jams.... 15c
Rare bargain, in Glass. Regular 23c.
EASTERN SJffKf? HAMS... I3ic
Guaranteed. Reeular 15c lb.
BEST %^r EGGS, d0z.... 17ie
Finest Creamery Butter, square. 3sc
3 squares {1. Regular 40c.
CHOICER. BUTTER, square 3oc
Fairbanks Gold Dust, ?^ b -.-.15c
KOHA SK.' COFFEE. 3i Its- .EOc
Ghirardslli's Breakfast Cocoa.. 2os
SLICED SJR PEACHES, can.. 10c
French Castile Soap, 3-lh bar.. 25c
Rye and Bourbon Whisky, gal $2.50
5 years old. Regular 13 60.
CHOICE CLARET, *KBP gal.. 3sc
Resular 50c.
Send for Monthly Price List Free.
Country Orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
IBM--TAXES--BW
The second Installment of real estate taxes
will be delinquent April 30. 1300. at S p. m
after which a per cent will be added Tha
Tax Collector's office will remain open until
9 p. m. during the last week In April to ac-
commodate the public.
TUESDAY. April 21, positively last day for
receiving checks. f t
» JO3. H. SCOTX Tax • Collector.
HEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. tOe to II 50 day;
$5 to *3 week; $3 to K0 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: fire rrate» la «v«ry
room: elevator runs all night.
JrEi3.C6 Conducted under the
: American and Euro-
OTjrJ P fan Pans, and in a
** mann:r that will sat-
j lsfy the most exactln e
GrcHlCl 2nd Particular taste.
1400 rooms— 900 with
tt j. 1 baths.
Hotels
14
AMONG those prominently men
tioned for high office at the ' • 'V' ''
coming Grand Parlor of the Na- . ; '.J/, '.¦ |
tive Sons of the Golden "West In if^i'fi:
Oroville this month Is J. Emmet Hay- ¦ '(i||^^^m^ '^^
den, who Is at the : present, time presl-, _• lisi&Wffi!{i^.' a^Wi&* Z^mSb ,
dent of Mount Tamalpais Parlor No.' \ iwMMl^if ¦
C 4, N. S. G. W. Mr. Hayden has an- ' fssW*]\ws '^^Sri
nounced his candidacy for grand out- " £^pl||ts / ' . }$$».. ¦
side sentinel. He believes it^ will be ,f*^la»[ .tfffSiiw
successful. ¦ . ' ' 'MOtW/jr^i '" *%}ss*¦ ' MPGtw'fjL
Mr. Hayden has been a member of -. Mwjswtf' '**"¦*"• whiv^m^^
the order for the last ten- years and j£^|psfW . : M^^W-'
has always been an active and zealous ' -''.i^jV- "^jf? ' '%s¦'/
•worker In advancing Its welfare. . :He i'i^t^lSS — * -l^fell^
originally joined Stanford Parlor -in
this city, and after six years of mem- jfi/fa^^fV S^lSw/
bership he moved to San Rafael. Ho WMM^M \
Joined Mount Tamalpals Parlor of that iV^^Sl'Zi
city and has been identified with it up fltl^VJga
to the present time. He has represented si?Mirf«lpi| iwV?^.
It at several Grand Parlors with abi'l- *%Sffi?Wfyma^ /'y^nH^k
lty. The most successful Fourth of ,* $A >J /.*w% H^*'^bl*k
July celebration was carried out last f ¦"* ";/*^& // Jl^S»^4
year in San Rafael by Mount Tamal- ': ¦ +JJ '\~ yprWEKKW^
pals Parlor, and Mr. Hayden was #ifKs® \ WllTp^f
chairman of the committee to which <¦•';- ."* -; 'Q&m ftM&WM
much of its success was due. He has yijitlp:^ 1
been appointed chairman of the com- f ¦¦'•! ¦-•,?^^'f/i ' - <^ ! «"tl^"=
mittee of arrangements for Mount Ta- f ' Ifli j • 2
malpals. Parlor in the coming 9th of ;"?:
September grand celebration in this
city. Mr. Hayden'si fraternal iexperi- J. EMMET HAYDEN,
ence has not been confined to Calif or-,.
nla' alone, he having represented the Foresters of , America of California in
their national convention In Detroit, i Mich.,: last August.": In : business he is
identified with the California; Northwestern Railway Company of this city.,'
J. EMMET HAYDEN.
MISS ROSE REAVES.