REINSTATEMENT OF
MRS. WHEELER ORDERED
Must Be Restored to Her Old Posi
tion in the Boise Post
offlce.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho. April 13.— The contro
versy between Postmaster Fentoa and
the Civil Service Commission and the
Postofflca Department over the dismissal
of Mrs. Jennie Wheeler has eventuated
in the department permanently re
instating Mrs. Wheeler and ordering the
dismissal of Chief Clerk E. J. Sencerbox,
a warm friend of the Postmaster. As
Sencerbox was not In the classified serv
ice, the department doer not have to
make the charges against him public, but
they are understood to be very serious.
It is said that one of them is that he
opened a letter sent to Mrs. Hamilton,
the notorious woman who was largely re
sponsible for the downfall of Auditor and
Recorder Lamoreaux.
Mrs. Wheeler was ordered reinstated
some time ago. but the Postmaster as
signed her to a position she could not fill.
In reinstating her in her old position h<?
has requested that she be on duty con
tinuously from 6 a. m. to 7 p. m. and she
will appeal to the Civil Service Commis
sion. The postofflce row has cre
ated something of a sensation
here. and it is said the Post
master is liable to find himselr In
serious trouble before long because of his
practical defiance of the authorities al
most unprecedented in the history of th<»
civil service, and it Is doubtful If the
Poatofflce Department ever ran across a'
more stubborn customer.
x
AMERICANS SHREWDER
THAN LORD SALISBURY
British Press Comments on the Ne
gotiations for the "Open Door*'
in the Orient.
LONDON, April 16.— The Dally News,
commenting editorially upon the corre
spondence between Great Britain and the*
United States on the "open door" In
China, which was published in a blue book
on Saturday, says:
"It gives a strong impression that the
United States recognized Lord Salisbury*
Incapacity to respect the tendency towarrl
a partition of China. The honors are de
cidedly with the United States, which took
a much firmer and more Impressive ton«
than had characterized the squeezable
Lord Salisbury's previous communications
with Russia and Germany."
Boatman Drowned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANTIOCH. April 13.— The owners of the
schooner Energy anchored in the river op
posite Jersey Landing sent a man named
Oscar Johnson up from the city Friday
night on a steamer to take charge of the
boat. Johnson lingered at Jersey until he
had consumed more liquor than was good
for him, when he started from Jersey in a
small boat to pull over to the Energy.
He then attempted to put some supplier
which he had brought with him in a sKiff
over the side of the Energy, and In .¦>
doing lost his balance and toppled over
into the water. Bill Hand saw the acci
dent from the Jersey shore and started
across to his assistance, but he sank from
view before Hand reached him. The body
has not been recovered and the river will
be dragged. .¦. ¦ •- - ~ " —
. ¦ - ¦ —
— --*
; SNAPSHOTS AT THE "ABSENT-MINDED BEGGAR" IN
: SOUTH AFRICA. ':
GAS MAIN EXPLODES
WITH FATAL RESULTS
One Man Is Instantly Killed and
Five Others Are Seriously
Injured.
LOGANSPORT. Ind.. April 15.— T00
much pressure and a piece of defective
gas pipe in the mains of the Chicago Pipe
Line Company at a point four miles south
east of here was the cause of a terrific ex
plosion to r day, in which Michael Ellison
Jr. was instantly killed and five other
men received injuries from which it is
doubtful if they will recover. Twelve
men were in the trench repairing a leak
in a ten-Inch main, from which the gas
had been transferred to an eight-inch
main near it. The men were around a
"T" in the eight-inch main, and Ellison
was stooping over it when the pipe ex
ploded. His body was found 150 feet
away. Many "bones were broken and he
probably met instant death.
George Morrison, who was in charge of
the work, was sent sprawling on the
ground thirty feet away with gravel and
dirt blown into his skin. His body was
wrenched and his clothes torn and tat
tered. Will Briggs inhaled gas and was
taken home unconscious. Three laborers
were knocked down and bruised in a
frightful manner. The rest of the men
escaped with slight injuries from flying
dirt and rock. The "T" weighs 1000 pounds
and it was carried a distance of nfty
feet. ' . ¦ ' '.
The explosion tore the ground for a dis
tance of 400 feetand'was heard' for miles.
Saturday's date,, reiterating his opinion
that the war is bound to prove an expen
sive business. He says:
" Tn-o hundred 'an<3nftj~ thousand nien will be
needed before the end : Is attained. The ques
tion of remounts, will continue one of vital Im
portance. Great, numbers are: now -arriving,
but. owing to the fact that they have to be put
to work before time, is given- them to recover
from; the effects of the ; voyage, their condition
is low and the death' rate among, them high.'
Thousands, j therefore, will be wanted In addi
tion to those now here or on the way, and great!
resting; depots* niust.be' formed, I together' with
an ample staff to nurse and exercise them. If
that, is done. : then, about fouror- five months
hence.' you will be ableto give your cavalry a
new lease of life and strength. ' '.
The. Bioemfontein. correspondent of the
Dally. News.. telegraphing Saturday, says:
"President Kruger attended a conference
of the, Boer commandants at Brandfort
on Thursday.^., lt is believed that *a; de
cision was reached to withdraw 'the
Transvaal »f orces ¦ to t the north of | Vleit
River/ preparatory 'to ;a general' retire- ;
ment across- the Vaal River,-; if > hard
pressed, leaving the' Free Staters to their
own /resources.". [ } _i ¦¦¦*
COLONEL SCHIEL'S VAIN.
ATTEMPT TO' ESCAPE
ST." HELENA. 'April- 15.— Colonel Schiel;
and two'other, Boer, prisoners , were landed'
to-day and 'sent .'to': the; citadel; in.'conse-'
quence of an attempt' to escape. It ap-
pears, that . Colonel - Schiel ; bribed : a > boat
man to take ; a letter \ to , a 'Dutch cruiser, 1
but the boatman by mistake took it to tho|
British i cruiser: Nlobe. . '
;.• . A" lafgeknif c s was found in possession of;
one of.th'e' three. LColonel, Schiel .walked. to!|
the citadel/declining 'a, carriage placed iat ; i
his" disposal* '"-..: • : -L_ ji
LONDON. April IS. '-England waits
eagerly for war news, but little
comes. Lord Roberts Is still silent,
but at work. -In "Bloemfontein, and
its immediate" neighborhood the
British army is enjoying a comparatively
quiet Eastertide, . Preparations for. ,the
general advance are being actively pushed
and indications are that Lord Roberts Is
now. able. at a moment's notice to con
centrate an. overwhelming, force against
the Boers to the southeast or wherever
they, may elect, to; make their stand..
The severity of the. recent.- fighting at
Wepener is proved by the reported heavy
casualties sustained by the little garrison
— eighteen killed and 130 wounded. Colonel
Dalgety's men continue to hold their own,
but the Boers, who are surrounding them,
apparently hadnot up to Saturday given
up the siege. .
General Chermside's: division was still
at Reddersb'urgh ion Saturday, but Gen
eral Brabant with the bulk of his force
left Aliwal North that day for Rouxville.
In Cape Town it was | reported yesterday
that the Colonial general engaged . the
Boers and had captured men and guns
near Wepener. It does not seem" likely,
however, that even his quick moving col
umn could, have reached that neighbor
hood In so short a time.
Lord Methuen is still at Boshof, which,
in conjunction with the fact that - the
crossing of ; the Vaal : at Warrenton re
mains in the Boers' hands." would seem
toupset the theory that a column for the
relief of Mafeking has gone north through
Boshof. Thus" the mystery surrounding
the plans of. the military authorities to
reach Baden-Powell remains as dark as
ever. •
.All seems quiet In Northern Natal. The
Boers apparently., have abandoned for the
time being thelr'intentlon topush' south.
Winston Churchill .telegraphs to >: the
Morning Post : from , Bloemf onteln. : under
EPIDEMIC OF TYPHOID
FEVER AT CAPE NOME
Mail- Carrier Brings News of Sickness and
Gold Strikes in the Northern
Mining Camp.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
y, -TTICTORIA, B. C. April 15. -The col
\ / l |er - St - Paul, .which reached the
A / Comox collieries from Kodiak,
1/ . Alaska^ brought down a mail car
. *r rier from - Cape Nome. This car
rier. Loyal L*. Wirt,. is the first man to
come down this season from the new El
Dorado by. the ocean route and the last
who ' left Nome to reach the /.'outside."
Mr. Wirt left Nome City on January 10
with; the Alaska Commercial Company's
mail and had as a companion as far, as
Kodiak, where he found the St., Paul, Cap
tain-Worth, the Alaska Exploration Com
pany's mall carrier. The captain .took a
steamer to Juneau,, and should be down
by one of the Alaskan liners shortly.
They were fifty-three days in making
the trip from Nome to Kodiak, -traveling,
however,- but forty days, . thirteen days
being spent in resting. Mr. Wirt describes
the ' journey .- as . an outing. It i was very
cold, of scourse^ the thermometer at St.
Michael registering 40 degrees below aero
and running from, that to 20 below during
the. trip. -On the Yukon a heavy snow
storm was experienced, which greatly re
tarded; progress, but. on .the whole, the
weather^ was' good and free from. storms.
With the: exception of ten nights, when
they slept quite comfortably ¦in their
sleeping bags, laid on a: snowbank, the
travelers got their. nights' rest'in Indian
'cabins. They had a good dog team and
carried, their, own. food, the stock being
replenished five times en route. , There Is
plenty- of 'game' to* be- had, food -for dogs
is; plentiful and the Indians are : friendly
and kind. r : :
> r The "two ; mall carriers traveled by. what
is known as the Katmei route, which Mr.
AVlrt i says |is the most practicable : winter
route to Nome and fully a thousand milos
shorter.', than"; the 'one '; via ;: Dawson and
Skaguay." "They ; went from *; Nome toSL'
Michael, thence >to 5 Andraoefsky.V from
jr hero; thejr '^ay»* - trig 'to
Kuskokwin River, which they followed to
Bristol Bay, an arm of Bering Sea. From
there the route continual to Nuskagak,
thence across the peninsular range of
mountains, which is on the main land op
posite Kodiak. They reached the latter
place on March 2. .
Mr. Wirt erected a hospital at Nome
and a busy season he had of It during the
winter. 4 - There were 300 cases of typhoid
in the city during the winter and 125 wero
treated at the hospital. • In all thirty per
sons died of the disease. This sickness
and the shortage of fuel— beach wood, and
poor beach wood at that— selling for $40 a
cord, made the lot of the miners not an
enviable one.-
There were 3000 people in Nome on Jan
uary 10. but many were coming from
Dawson and Kotzebue Sound. Those from
Dawson'had very hard trips and at St.
Michael Mr. Win heard that many had
perished, although this could not be con
firmed. All the ground within 100 miles
of Nome has been staked, but there is,
much country outside that radius which
will amply repay ; the prospector.
Many new strikes have been made and
are apparently very rich. There was
little work done during the winter on ac
count of the scarcity of fuel and thawing
machines. . A few boilers were taken from
steamers and launches and in this way
several beach claims were Worked with
considerable • success.
\ The report that . prospectors had re
turned from Siberia with an account of
fabulously rich ground on the far side of
Bering Sea, Mr. Wlrt said was absolute
ly false. A party left for . Siberia a ,f ew
days before he started, but none had re
turned.. When asked as. to the prospects
of steamers which have already started
for Cape Nome. Mr. Wirt. said that it
would be impossible. to reach there before
June 15. However, there is open water
at the head of Norton Bay. 100 miles east
of > Nome, and by * May, passengers might
bo landed within' fifty: miles ¦ of, the city.
QUIET EASTERTIDE FOR
BRITON AND BURGHER
Lord Roberts Now Ready to Give the Orr
der for a General Advance of the
Special Cable to The Call and New V ork Herald. Copyrighted, 1900, by
the New York Herald Company. /
JAPAN SENDS
HER PAUPERS
TO AMERICA
United States a Dumping
Ground for Destitute
Asiatics.
»
NOT PERMITTED TO
CONGREGATE IN CITIES
*
Municipal Governments Assist in
Bidding ths Little Empire
of an Undesirable
dement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. April 15.-^Jap
anese are still pewring in here. Yes
terday the steamer Rio Jun Maru
brought 800. and to-day the big liner
Goodwin came In with 1100. The
steamer Milos is expected to-mor
row with SO more, and the Braemer
at the end of this week with over
700. The labor leaders are agitating
against this great influx of Orien- [
tals, but the Provincial and Do
minion Parliaments are powerless
to enact legislation to keep the
brown men out, for the Imperial
Government refuses to allow the
passage of legislation which will
affect, its friendly relations with
Japan. Martin, the British Colum
bia Premier. In a speech last night
said that, if elected at the coming
election, he would see that legisla
tion was passed restricting this im
migTation, and he would go to Lon
don to see that the British Govern
ment did not ask for its repeal.
Many of the incoming Japanese are
crossing the line to the United
States.
TACOMA, April 13.— Yokohama ad
vices brought to-day by the steam
er Rio Jun Mara Indicate that char
itable societies and, probably, the
municipal governments of Japanese
cities are taking a hand in the shipping;
of a large number of Japanese pauper la
borers to this country. The Japan Mall
says that destitute Asiatics are not al
lowed to congregate at Yokohama and
Tokio, but are sent across the Pacific ad
fast as possible.
Frequently thi3 is done by one of the
numerous Japanese emigration compa
nies, whfch appeal to friends or relatives
of destitute Japanese for assistance la
sending him to the United States. where
he Is certain of getting work: at compara
tively good wages from railroads and
other corporations. The emigration socie
ties are chiefly interested, of course, in
obtaining their regular fees. Friends ana
relatives of the mendicant, on the other
hand, are willing to contribute liberally
toward placing him where he can support
himself ami thus rid them of further con
cern in his behalf.
The Japan Mail also relate? the case of
two Turks who are about to bo
shipped from Yokohama to San Francisco
with the sum of 200 yen in their pockets,
contributed by persons who have assisted
In supporting them during their stay la
Yokohama. The Turks have been sup
ported largely by Mankichi. a diver, who
became Interested in them through his
connection with the wreck of the Turkish
frigate Etorgoul. He has contributed
money for shipping them to California.
BASUTOS ARMED
BY BRITISH TO
RESIST BOERS
Three Thousand Natives Sta
tioned on the Border, Near
Wepener, by Order of the
Resident Commissioner.
Will Be Utilized Only to Prevent Inva
sion and Are Not to Be Permitted to
Cross the Frontier to Ravage Free
State Territory.
ALJWAL NORTH, April 13.— 1t is officially reported that the British
losses at Wepener in four days' righting were eighteen men killed and 132
wounded.
MASERU. Basutoland. April 14.-
Sir Godfrey Lagdcn, British Resi
dent Commissioner, returned here
yesterday (Friday) from the scene
of operations near Wepener. He
and the paramount chief have stationed
3>YjO armed natives to resist possible Boer
encroachments. The orders of the Resi
dent Commissioner are that the Basutos
are r.ot to be allowed to cross the Free
State frontier on any pretense whatever.
Two natives who crossed and looted an
abandoned Boer farm are now in custody.
Colonel Dalsxty's position Is strong and
well chosen, but he Is completely sur
rounded. The Boers have- their backs
against Basutoland. ar.d if they stay much
longer they will be hemmed in. The Brit
ish operations are keenly watched from
the neighboring heights. Shelling and
c-.'n(rp have bf»en jrolnz on steadily during
the last six days.
Colonel Dalgety's guns are admirably
served, ar.d there is no waste of ammuni
tion. The Boers, when they see the elec
tric flash of the coroite, bolt into their
holes or behind walls. So near are the
Boers ar.d the Basuto Guards that they
converse. The ambulances are. close to
the bord-r, but the killed and wounded
are r.ot removed until nightfall, in order
to cor.ceal the number of casualties. The
Boers are fatigued and their horses are
tired ar.d footsore.
The Boers attacked fiercely the British
northern position on Monday. April 9. but
they were beaten back at daybreak. Noth
ing Is known here of the casualties on
either side.
MANY RECRUITS FOR
THE PATRIOT RANKS
ALIWAL NORTH. April 14.— Colonel
Grenfel! wires that the casualties at Wep
ener Include Quartemaster Williams.
Lieutenant Halford and Lieutenant Dun
can and fifteen men wounded.
Sir Godfrey Lagdea. resident commis
sioner at Maseru, telegraph? that no
shelling has been heard from the direction
of Wepener to-day. A regiment of Brit
ish infantry and a battery of artillery ar
rived on Friday. General Brabant's
headquarters and all the mounted troops
have gone to Rouxville. •
The Northern Post asserts that the
Rouxville district furnished 1000 recruits
to the Boer force as a result of the inva
sion last week.
Five hundred Boers, under Command
ant Swanepoel. forced the Royal Irish
Rifles to evacuate Rouxville. The former
Ixinddrost. who had been acting for the
British, offered to po to the front to prove
bin..-' -'.I a tru** Free Stater and almost to
A man the Free Staters, who had taken
the oath, rejoined the Boers. Nearly
every one produced a Mauser. Looting,
however, way repressed.
It is reported that there are "0W Boers at
WVpener. Fourteen British sympathiz
ers have been imprisoned. The Boers ad
mit having shot Mr. Gulney. a hotel
keper. for taking forage to the British.
The paymaster, with £1400, was captured.
TEXT OF ROBERTS'
PROTEST TO KRUGER
BLOHMFONTEIN. Saturday. April 14.—
J,or<l Roberts in his telegram of protest
to President Kruger regarding the treat
ment to which the colonial officers and
troop? who are now prisoners at Pretoria
have been subjected, complains that the
Boers have treated them as If they were
criminals confined In jail. He points out
that there are ninety cases of enteric
fever and dysentery In the prisoners"
camp at Waterval; that the Transvaal
Government failed to supply, on demand
of the doctor, the necessary medicines
End medical comforts: that the prisoners
were forced to bivouac on the open veldt;
that the pick were placed In an open shed
with an Iron roof, and that It was only
when the new doctor threatened to resign
that medicines and mattresses were sup
plied. He invites President Kruger t&
remedy this state of things and contrasts
it with the treatment the British give the
Boer prisoners, sick and wounded, who,
as Lord Roberts says, "receive the same
treatment as our own soldiers."
Four farmers who had taken the oath
to abstain from further co-operation with
the Queen's enemies, were found signal
ing to the Boers at Karee Siding and
have been brought here.
TOURISTS NOT WANTED
IN SOUTH AFRICA
LONDON. April 15.— Joseph Chamber
lain, Secretary of State for the Colonies,
lias recel\*ed the following dispatch from
Sir Alfred Milner. British High Commis
sioner in South Africa:
The nuir.ber of visitors to South Africa con
stantly Increase* and Includes many, especially
ladle*, whr> neem to have no particular call of
duty or business. I am cure this would not be
the case U it. »«-re realized at home that vis
itor*, who 5n ordinary times would be most
wrieome. may under existing conditions, become
a «eriouK source of inconvenience, interfering
with the work of the military and civil offl
o»>tT, and putting a strain on our limited means
of accommodation, whlrh are urgently required
far those who have duties to perform here or
who are invalided at the front.
A considerable increase in the expense of liv
ing-*.! all times very high— ls caused by this
excessive Influx of visitors and this Is a hard
ship to persons of the Utter class.
After Baying that there Is no place less
suitable for recreation than South Africa
I at present. Sir Alfred Milner concludes as
I follows:
Lord Robert*, to whom I have submitted this
messar*. authorises me to add that he fully
[ concurs in the views exrressed.
MAY CAUSE TROUBLE
BY JOINING BOERS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON. April 15.— Lieutenant Ernest
S. Morse of Company F, Fifth Regiment
of the Massachusetts militia, has left the
State with a commission in the army of
the South African republic in his pocket.
The exact nature of the commission is
not known, but the family of the young
officer in Wayland. Mass., state that
Lieutenant Morse will serve upon the per
sonal staff of President Krucer. The mili
tary authorities of the State are very
much disturbed over the manner of Lieu
tenant Morse's departure. It is ascertain
ed that the your.g officer, who is a vetiran
of the Spanish war. has not yet legally
resigned his commission in the Massa
chusetts militia. His resignation, accord
ing to the statement made by his family,
was forwarded to the adjutant generals
office three days ago. but It has not been
received there yet, and, of course, has noi.
been acted upon. : ,,» * ;
Lieutenant Morse did not wait for offi
cial sanction of his enterprise. If he hau
he probably never would have obtained
It. for, though only a militia officer, the
lieutenant was nore the less under ihe
authority of the United States War De
partment; and. while he is a_mernber ,pt
the State Guards, he cannot, unite him
self with the army of a foreign country
except by permission of that department.
Henre his alleged purpose of becoming
an active ally of the Boers in the Held
assumes the magnitude of an interna
tional incident. It is understood that tht
War Department la interesting itself li,
Morse's enterprise and that an effort will
be made to frustrate his purpose.
This is the first case on record of an
officer of the Massachusetts State Guard
going to join the belligerents in South
Africa. Lieutenant Morse is a man oi
about SS years of age and was formerly
in the United States army.
RUMORED VICTORY
OF BRABANT'S HORSE
LONDON, April 16. -The Cape Town cor
respondent of the Daily Telegraph, tele
graphing Sunday, says:
"An unconfirmed report is in circulation
here that General Brabant has inflicted a
crushing defeat upon ihe Boers at Wep
ener, capturing guns and taking prison
ers."
The Bioemfontein correspondent of the
Times, telegraphing Sunday, says: "It is
reported that reinforcements for the
Boers, with sixty wagons, have arrived
at Dewetsdorp. en route for Wcpener.
This should precipitate an action. The
statement that President Kruger has
been south seems to confirm the reports
that the Boers are getting disheartened.
This continued exertion of his personal
influence* appears now to have become a
necessity."
DALGETY REPORTS ALL
IS WELL AT WEPENER
REDDERSBURG. April 15. — Colonel
Dalgety wired yesterday:
"All well. Enemy apparently slacken
ing attack."
General Chermside's division Is en
camped seventeen miles east of the rail
way. Boers are supposed to be in the vi
cinity, but an attack by them is improb
able.
Diamond Mine Owner Captured.
ARRENTOX, April 15.-Frank Smith.
a well-known mine owner, fell into the
hands of Boers while driving from Bark
ley West toward the Frank Smith dia
mond mine.
VOLUME LXXXVII-NO. 147.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1900.
The San Francisco CallLectures on Botany.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PACIFIC GROVE, April 15.-Mlss Alice
Eastwood, curator of the Great Herbar
ium of the San Francisco Academy of
Sciences, delivered a lecture last nig-ht be
fore the Pacific Grove Museum Associa
tion. Her theme was the botanical history
of Monterey County, the subject being an
exceedingly important one to botanists be
cause Monterey County is the "type lo
cality" of nearly all of California's plants.
Mies Eastwood was followed by Professor
J. B. Hickman, a well-known Monterey
botanist, who spoke briefly of the scien
tific need for preserving the Monterey
flora-
M ail "X -£',:>> il*^^^^
J Orders ,' |pfei }%SiM
Oysters 50 for 24c
Fine and fat— to fry— •>^^-f^^^v*^
Eastern — delicious — 3 Ja^^v-) '*-tiSXLL+2fM, .T-JU , ."'"fl
days only ST^ ' wr^y-T if
Sardines' 20c f\'^ ?*%- •J- 'I
! M lb tins — boneless— *» | V*W^T '&iS£# ,4 !*' H
Pensnros brand— for I SBfV NSsSit <>, M
lunches-regular 25-3 §ff<i.V2i?S§P"" ? - • 1
L days' S2le /vi • • #*
I : Van Camp's Soup ioc A? r % ! l"^^X.
L Everybody knows it— x «¦ "f : 'Jr J"-*fe. % <&fig&?\
f Ibtin— allkinds {*%&'?%s&>*
¦ Ceylon Tea 25c VaWW^^
I Half pound pkgs — regu- P k e f *i
c] i lar 50c — Half price for 3 J """ /; £ .¦£- XAsJft- "\ r> #' t
. g days— be quick /•' > . t f&^-^^>
I Ham— Eastern M^C '/*fj&G^Si: fc>^.^
r* Best — for a j days Ib / j£gg» \\ \
I I Sand Soap y^c i^^^M^^^)^l
I Eats dirt -a wonder cake t^ \J&ofc&&/^S. C/~zU\
\ \ worker on woodenwear >^vi^k^^^^^'// •**" — f~^~,
1 Coffee I 25c Ws£&
3 Banquet brand — high I* O. v 0: v -. "* -<f*-^-dl
J g r a d e — fine flavor -«- : .'£* \ r'yufk' & "V^
?* whole roast or ground ; f''" :% ''' i ' llirW-i/l lirW-i/ *""* '¦
I Mush 614 c * \.JM r> / •
I Overstocked — wheat f^ 'fclfV £* / CLITI S
"5 rr^r.r.a cr Acme wheat 1
'! flakes — good as gold — jp& 4. 11 1
I regular ioc— until sold '¦'."- tCLIK S ' \
I 1 Children's Shoes 75c r
I Good serviceable shoes p«" : vTcopc <b .*t buy groceriei X
'] —common sense kind — for-"tyc. It's a dollars and ;
M i laced — sizes 7to 12 — to cents p oposition, and they go \
ij I n 11 o most of good goods.
I j AJOIIS «2C We haven . t t he swellert !
\i ! Santa Claus overstocked •« grocery store in California, I
i SS-!B!?ffdflsg:j bu, W eW one of *=?¦,. j
•* jointed —s h oe s . and gest and busiest.
I stockings— a wonder at « We give credit to no on«. ¦
~ ti.So— 3 days if they last. Our rents are less — we j
I j Shoe Dressing-. 6^C -have no bad debt losses — pay. |
I Not over 4 bottles to a **>t 'no bill clerk or a collector'! |
? j customer — none to deal- . salaries — just good, honest f.j
Hers—aH ers— a well known brand 'home supplies — for. Home i
B '¦• i. ¦ ' j_: • '1 w-i- 1--J-JI ' economists. . \ O
. CASH STORE
25 ¦27 MARKET ffi|||sSlSSol
MINING MAN KILLED BY
MEXICAN DESPERADOES
Lynching Party Organized and if
" Captured the Men Will Be Sum
marily Dealt With.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., April 15.— Advices
from Benson late to-night say that at 9
o'clock this morning Jesus Garcia and
anoiher Mexican held up a faro game in
Tom Steel's saloon, in Johnson Mining
Camp, twenty-five miles east of Benson,
and killed Scott Weathersby, a prominent
mining man, who attempted to prevent
their escape.
The bullet struck Weathersby over the
right eye. Killing him instantly. Steel
and a number of others armed themselves
Immediately and opened fire on the escap
ing bandits before they could. get out of
range. One of the Mexicans was slightly
wounded, but both • made their escape.
They are now headed south, and a posse,
led by Deputy Sheriff Page, is In close
pursuit. There Is so much reason to be
lieve the murderers will be apfirehended
that a lynching party has already been
organized to deal summarily with the two
desperadoes. The robbers got away with
the entire bank roll, amounting to several
hundred dollars. - > -
agers claim they will come to the oity
with . 20,000 • majority, which will not be
wiped out in the city. The Democrats say
the Caffery ticket will not get 20.000 votes
in the State. The election on Tuesday will
be for the entire State ticket.
LONG'S ATTITUDE PUTS
POLITICIANS AT SEA
Announcement That He Would Ac
cept the Vice Presidency Causes
a Stir.
WASHINGTON, April 15.— Secretary
Long's implied willingness to accept the
Republican nomination for the Vice Presi
dency, as inferred from the statements
made by him on that subject yesterday,
was a matter of general comment In
Washington to-day. It set Republican
slate makers to thinking and for the time
being has seriously upset the calculations
of those who believed that the honor
would go to one of a half dozen others
mentioned for the Vice Presidency.
Secretary Long was called on by a num
ber of persons during the day and was
importuned for an exact statement of his
attitude on the question. He seemed dis
inclined to enter into any general discus
sion" of the matter, however, preferring
to let It rest with .what he has already
said on the subject, believing that the
Vice Presidency is an honor of such a
character that no man could well refuse
to accept it. The Secretary, however, 4s
not an avowed candidate seeking the
place, but the belief is general that If the
nomination is offered to him he will ac
cept. *
Secretary Long was asked to-night for
an expression of opinion regarding
Dewey's candidacy for the Presidency. In
a good natured way he evaded a reply,
but laughingly remarked that Dewey
"was the honored man of our navy."
OPPOSES PATTISON.
Altgeld Would Not Have Him on the
Ticket With Bryan.
CHICAGO, April 15.— Ex-Governor Alt
geld was spoken to to-day concerning the
suggestion of nominating ex-Governor
Pattlson of Pennsylvania as the running
mate of Mr. Bryan. He said:
"I notice that the Palmer and Buckner
newspapers of America are urging his
nomination. Those papers and those men
who have been very hostile to Mr. Bryan
and are still hostile to what he represents
and would like to see him defeated, and
yet wish to go with the Democratic party
this year, a^e urging the nomination of
Mr. Pattlson. Personally I believe that
the nomination of Mr. Pattlson for the
Vice Presidency would be as great a mis
fortune as the nomination we made In
1896 for that place, if not greater. Our
candidate for that place In 1596 was, at
least, positively with us on the silver
question, but he did not command the
confidence of our people on any other
question and greatly weakened our ticket.
Mr. Pattison has not been positively with'
us on any proposition, and It is safe to say
that at least 85 per cent of the Democrats
of America would be disappointed at such
a nomination." -: r
LIVELY CONTEST EXPECTED.
Nearly Every Seat in the Chatta
• ' nooga Convention Disputed.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., April 15.—Con
gressman W. P. Brownlow and Pension
Commissioner H. Clay Evans were In
Chattanooga to-day en route to Nash
ville, where the State Republican conven
tion meets Thursday. The State Commit
tee, which Is controlled by Congressman
Brownlow and his friends, will meet to
morrow to take up all contests for seats
In the convention.
Congressman Evans, stated to-night
that two sets of delegates would apply
for admission to the convention and that
In case the Brownlow committee refuses
to seat his delegation two conventions
would be held and contested delegations
sent to Philadelphia. -Congressman
Brownlow maintains that nothing but
fair treatment will be accorded the Evans
faction. Fully one-third of the total vote
of the convention Is contested. Two can
didates for Governor will also. In all prob
ability, be put forward by the Republi
cans, and a bitter fight will ensue.
HANNA QUITE ILL.
Senator Has the Grip and May Not
Attend the Ohio Convention.
CINCINNATI, April 15.-Word has been
received here that Senator Hanna is quite
111 with la grippe at Old Point Comfort
and that he may not be able to attend the
Ohio Republican State. convention at Co
lumbus next week. It Is reported that
President McKlnley and other Republican
leaders will be at Old Point Comfort this
wee.k for an informal conference ', and
recreation. ? ,
> — :
Dolliver Is Mentioned.
Special Dispatch to The Call
WASHINGTON. April 15. — Secretary
Long's candidacy for the Republican Vice-
Presidential nomination Is not looked'upon
with favor by all the, friends of the ad
ministration. One of McKlnley's most In
timate friends said to-night that it would
be a mistake to nominate the Secretary of
the Navy. It would open up the Sampson-
Schley controversy and make It an Issue
In the campaign., and would make tho
loss of Maryland certain. He declared
Representative Dolliver of lowa would
make an admirable; candidate. . . ¦ :
Organizing Students.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
MONTEREY, April 15.— F. iW. Sargent'
of the University of -lowa has < spent the
past week In Monterey, and vicinity. :.He
Is In California .organizing Republican'
clubs among th,e .college, students. of.. the
State, and from* here he will go to other
States to work up Republican enthusiasm
among college men all over the West. 1
Senator Morgan Wins.
- BIRMINGHAM, Ala., April 15.— Later
returns from the Democratic primaries"
throughout Alabama .yesterday confirm 1
the reports sent of the overwhelming 1 vie
tory of Senator*' John TV Morgan- over'
Governor Johnston for the United States
Senatorship. ~. '. • ¦¦ .- . ¦ .-••-;
ON THE BRYAN-Y DEEP.
DEWEY— Kansas City Harbor seems to be prettily heavily -mined.
.—New York Tribune.
DEWEY ASKED
TO ELUCIDATE
HIS POSITION
Democratic National Com
mitteeman Catechises
the Admiral.
New Candidate's Declaration of Prin
ciples Likely to Be Promul
gated on Tuesday
Next.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. April 15.—
Admiral Dewey has been given an oppor
tunity to explain fully his position In re
lation to the Democratic party by a prom
inent member of the Democratic Nationat
Committee, who has written to the ad
miral—a letter which may later be given
out for publication. It is not known
whether this letter was written for the
purpose -of giving Admiral Dewey a
chance to announce his political princi
ples, though the general belief is that the
committeeman, in writing the letter, was
acting in support of the candidacy of Wil
liam J. Bryan.
After expressing due regard for Ad
miral Dewey, it is said that the writer of
the letter proceeded to explain that his
allegiance to the Democratic party was
such that he could not restrain himself
from asking certain questions. He was,
he wrote, happy to learn that- Admiral
Dewey considered himself a Democrat,
but there has been so much talk of a
third ticket with Dewey at the head that
he considered it only fair that a more
specific announcement should be made
than has yet come from Admiral Dewey.
He then asked whether Admiral Dewey
Intended to let his name be presented to
the convention that has . been called to
meet in Kansas City. If so, he wanted to
know whether the admiral was prepared
to stand by any platform that may be
there adopted. A pointed question was
then asked as to whether Admiral Dewey
would, if he failed to secure the nomina
tion, support the candidate named by the
party. Permission has been given to Ad
miral Dewey to make the letter public
and to answer it through the press.
Admiral and Mrs<. Dewey received few
visitors to-day. They spent most of the
afternoon driving and did not reach their
home until Just before dinner. It Is ru
mored that the admiral will again visit
New York before he starts on his West
ern trip.
The only visitor at the admiral's coun
try residence to-day to whom any polit
ical significance is attached was Nathan
Straus of New York, who Is an avowed
advocate of Admiral Dewey' s candidacy, j
Mr. Straus spent several hours in con
sultation.with the admiral relative to the
forthcoming declaration of principles,
which will be promulgated probably on
Tuesda*' next. It is well known that Mr.
Straus is co-operating with Perry Bel
mont and other sound money Democrats
who are interested in the Dewey move
ment.
The admiral declined to discuss the de
tails of Mr. Straus' visit beyond saying
that Straus made a friendly call and
seemed to enjoy the beautiful surround
ings and balmy weather of Easter Sun
day. Mr. Straus returned to Washington
and took the afternoon train for New
York. A personal friend of Straus to
night raid that New York could be de
pended upon to give the Dewey boom a
decided boost in the near future.
BITTER POLITICAL FIGHT.
State Campaign in Louisiana Is
Brought to a Close.
NEW ORLEANS, April 15.— The State
campaign, ¦which closed i last night, ha»
been very bitter. The Caftery Republican
faction, of which Senator Caffery's son is
the candidate for Governor, has severely
arraigned Democratic election methods
and attacked the one-man power they say
is exercised by Governor Fos.ter. The lat
ter at one time threatened to call Senator
Caffery, who has taken an active part In
the Republican campaign, to personal ac
count.
There are two Republican tickets, one
representing the Wimberley faction and
one the Caffery faction. The Caffery man-
EXPOSITION
THROWN OPEN
TO THE PUBLIC
Weather Was Auspicious
and the Grounds Were
Thronged.
Visitors Were Mostly Foreigners as
the Parisians Prefer to Wait
Until Everything Is
Completed.
- PARIS, April 15.— Glorious weather fa
vored the opening of the exposition to the
general public to-day and enormous
crowds flockeu into the grounds. The
area of the exhibition, however," is bo
treat that nowhere was there any great
rush. The visitors were mainly composed
of provincials and foreigners. Compara
tively few Parisians were teen. Aware
of the great backwardness of the prepara
tions they remained away for the most
part.
The management demanded two en
trance tickets for morning admission, one
for afternoon admission and two during
the evening, when the Eiffel Tower and
the palaces on the Champs de Mars were
illuminated. But there were absolutely
no attractions provided, not even a band
of music, and the peoplt promenaded in
front of the empty and in many cases un
finished buildings, and along roads there
only in the cafe of the main avenues had
the work of paving been completed.
Visitors who left the central arteries
found their pathway filled with pitfalls
and heaped With debris, some thorough
fares resembling mere bridle paths.
The crcwd, however, was perfectly good
natured and took nfa matter philosophi
cally. Hardly a murmur was heard any
where in the way of criticism.
The moving sidewalk, access to which
cost 60 centimes, proved a great success
and was jammed a!l day.
The American national pavilion remain
ed closed. So also did most of the other
pavilions, for the excellent reasons that
their interiors are still unfinished.
Two hundred and fifty thousand persons
passed through the turnstiles at the expo
sition to-day.
WHITE ISB STEAM COAL, -SS^aS
DIAMOND COAL. MINING CO. at tta ORXXN
RIVER COLLIER! Ea. I. Uj. 3m?Co«J taUM
«i*xk»C Olflc« aaa T*m*— c» Mala itm*.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
'Take Laxative Broroo , Quinine . Tablets.,'- AH
dniffgliU refund the money if It falls to cur*
"E. W. Grove' i •Jgnature ig oa" each' box, • 25c
Is its ability to purify the blood, create an
appetite and overcome that tired feeling.
Hence in asking you to take Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla in preference to all other medicines this
Spring, we are doing so on the basis of proof
more ; mighty, niore conclusive, more positive
; thahcan be advanced for any other, that rU
does, all 'these things. Its peculiar combina-
tion of remedial agents, its unequalled record
of ', cures, and its wonderful sales, tell the
: : story, and: should secure your confidence and
in common with the majority of people
; that Hood's Sarsaparilla is America's Great-
Lest Spring Medicine. Get it TODAY.
ALGER SAYS DEWEY
HAS MADE A MISTAKE
Declares His Belief That the Coun
try's Praise Has Turned the
Admiral's Head.
DETROIT, April 15.— "1 think Admiral
Dewey has made a grave mistake In an
nouncing his candidacy for the Presi
dency," said ex-Secretary of War Alger
In the course of an Interview to-night.
"It looks as' though the wealth of praise
showered upon the admiral since his re
turn from the East has turned his head.
It is harder to resist prosperity than ad
versity. . I feel sorry for him, for his am
bitions will certainly be unfulfilled. His
action is ill advised. I predict for him in
his Presidential aspirations a melancholy
disappointment," ~-
Stole the Easter Offering.
TORONTO, Ont, April 15.— Burglars to
night dug through the • r'^p-'nob >^o'
wall of the vault of St. Simon'e, Church
with crowbars and picKs uau siu.c: wi ,j,
the Easter offering.
MEXICANS REBEL
AGAINST A PRIEST
He Refused to Permit Performance
of the Passion Play and Was
Driven Out of Town.
CITY OF MEXICO. April 15.— The new
order of the Archbishop of Mexico regard
ing the "Passion Play," customary on
Good Friday, was observed in the Valley
of Mexico, although the masses resented
the prohibition of ihe spectacle, which has
been a feature of Holy Week for centu
ries, originating with the clergy when
they were Christianiziss the Indians.
But at Yautepre. in the State of More
les, the people assembled at the parish
priest's home, demanding that he distrib
ute as usual the costumes of the "Pas
sion Play." This he refused to do. It is
reported that he was driven out of town,
the people declaring they would not stand
such a priest and must be allowed the an
cient customs.
SERIOUS ACCIDENT AT
AN AUTOCAR RACE
Rival Tricycles Collide and Dash Into
a Crowd of Spectators, In
juring Many.
PARIS, April 15.— The Paris-Roubaii
autocar race yesterday morning led to a
serious accident. Two competitors on mo
tor tricycles collided and dashed at the
ppeed of an express train into a crowd of
2000 which had as=?embl<=-d at a cross road
in the Hue Saint Germain to witness their
passing.
Twenty persons were knocked down,
some having broken bones and many
others being bruised. Mme. Charles Bos,
wife of one of the Deputies for. the De
partment of the Seine, sustained a com
pound fracture. . ; ¦:
BANK TELLER
AND COIN HAVE
DISAPPEARED
John C. Farrar of Water
bury, Vt., a Heavy
Defaulter.
Young Man Had Been Speculating in
Stocks and Lost a Large Sum
of Money in a Recent
¦ . Failure.
-»» — —
WATERBURY, Vt., April 15— John C.
Farrar, teller of the Waterbury National
Bank, is missing and there is a defalcation
of $:>5,000 of the bank's funds. The com
munity is greatly shocked by the news,
as Farrar was considered a model young
man. His parents are very estimable peo
ple, and two years ago he married a young
lady of high standing.
The shortage was discovered by Cashier
Wells Friday afternoon. When he called
Farrar's attention to the fact the latter
said there must be some mistake in the
books. They began an examination at 6
o'clock, when Farrar suggested that they
go to supper and return in the evening for
further examination. He has not Deen
seen or heard of since. One train going
south is due to leave the station at 6:10
and one northwest at 6:30, but nothing has
developed to show that he took either.
The only other explanation is suicide. He
was treasurer of the village and had
charge of about $3500 in that capacity, but
it is not known whether these funds are
missing. ¦ • ¦
Farrar had been speculating In stocks.
He was a heavyloser in the recent failure
of Knott & Clausson, stockbrokers of Bur
lington.
Ex-Governor W. P. Dillingnam Is presi
dent of the bank. Its capital Is $100,000
and its surplus over $35,000. The bank of
ficials stated to-day that the loss could
be readily borne.
OK
OUR
LAST
YEAR'S
STOCK
To make room for our NEW
SPRING STYLES, which
have just arrived. You all
know when we have a sale it
is a Grand Success, because
we don't let prices cut any
figure.
Shoes Will Be Marked
in Plain Figures
Or) Our Bargain Courjter,
Which Extends the Full
Length of Our Store.
Call as soon as possible and
secure the Best of the Bar-
gains. It will pay any one to
buy a year's supply of Shoes
during this sale.
Bear in Mind
You Have Nothing to
Lose and All to Gain, p
If Shoes are not satisfactory,
re'urn them and GET YOUR
MONEY BACK. .
SALE STARTS
MONDAY, April 16.
Call and look at our prices,
even if you don't want to
buy, and see how much you
can save when you do want
Shoes.
WE HAVE
NO BRANCH STOKES.
Have Consolidated All Our Business
in Our Large Store in tn.B
Fhelan Building.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
PHELAN BUILDINO.
STRIKERS ARE
READY TO FIGHT
THE MILITIA
Hundreds of Deputies Guard
the Works at Croton
Italians Are "Well Armed and a
Conflict Would Result in
Great Loss of
Life.
CROTON LANDING, N. V., April, 15.—
While everything is quiet and peaceful
in the neighborhood of the Croton dam
to-night," nearly 300 armed deputies < are
guarding the works, and each one of them
is guessing, as to what to-morrow may
bring forth. The striking Italian labor
ers, whose homes are in the vicinity of the
works, are behaving, themselves excel
lently. ' But underneath their assumed
quiet there is stubborn resolve not to go
back to w,ork-nor let any outsiders take
their places, until: the contractors agree
to* pay the increase of wages demanded.
Strenuous efforts are being made by Ital
ian Consul' Branchi to bring about a set
tlement of the difficulty.
The strikers are very determined in
their demands, and swear that If outside
labor is brought here they will tight tooth
and nail to prevent it. Angfclo Rotella,
who is the recognized leader, of the strik
ers, said to-day:
"Thia is a light to a finish. We earn
-more money than we are receiving and
the contractors must pay us for our work.
The State should protect us, and instead
of sending deputies and soldiers to help
the bosses, they should compel them to
treat us rightfully. If the bosses attempt
t6 bring the other laborers here we shall
prevent any work being done, and if tho
military comes to help them, then we will
light the soldiers."
Kotella spoke earnestly and his remarks
were listened to by a crowd of his coun
trymen, who voiced the same manner,
which showed undoubted determination.
The strikers are all well armed with guns
and pistols, and in this regard they have
a decided advantage over the Sheriff's
deputies, who have only long night sticks
and 32-caliber revolvers. The deputies
are in a valley, while the strikers com
mand the adjoining hill. With the gnns
the Italians could riddle the Sheriff's men,
who In return could not send a bullet
from their revolvers half way up the hill
side in case a fight should take place.
There were several additions to the rankii
of the deputies to-day and there are now
£00 of them at the works. Many of them
complain of the food furnished and of
overwork, and threats of a strike among
the d</nities' were rife to-day.
Th» strikers and the deputies mingled
at the Easter service in the little Roman
Catholic chapel In tne valley. The men
greeted each other amicably and there
was no show of trouble.
Father Owens counseled the strikers
to obey the law and shun the saloons.
When informed late to-night that troops
were about to be ordered out. Angelo Ro
tella, the leader, was much perturbed
and downcast. He said:
"Only some of our men are armed, but
they will all be armed in the morning. I
will resist every attempt by the con
tractors to renew the work to-morrow
with strange men and we will fight if
necessary."
WILL OEBEB OUT TROOPS.
Sheriff Malloy Makes a Formal De
mand on General Roe.
NEW YORK, April 15.— General Roe re
ceived a formal written demand from
Sheriff Malloy of Westchester County
this morning to call out 500 troops to go |
immediately to the scene of the Italian!
laborers' strike at Croton Dam, and has
decided to order out early to-morrow
morning the. fourth separate company of
Yonkers, the eleventh separate company
of Mount Vernon, Squadron A of New
York and Troop C of Brooklyn. The
troops will number 160 Infantry and ijO
cavalry. General Roe thinks that these
men will be sufficient to quell the strike.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1900.
MILLIONAIRE
WRIGHT DIES
OF HIS WOUND
Insisted On His Deathbed
That Mrs. Lottridge Was
Blameless.
Chief of Police Has No Evidence
Against the Woman, but Believes
the Bead Man Bid Not
Shoot Himself.
CHICAGO, April 15.— Rufus Wright, the
millionaire manufacturer of rubber tires,
who was shot during a scuffle for posses
sion of a revolver in the apartments of
Mrs. Louisa Lottrldge, at the Leland
Hotel died to-day from the effects of the
wound. The body of the millionaire is at
an undertaking room, where an Inquest
will be held to-morrow.
It la the opinion of the police tnat the
Coronor's investigation will mark the.
close of the sensational case. A state
ment by the deceased to Chief of Detec
tives Colleran that the shooting was ac
cidental will, it is thought, clear Mrs.
Lottridge* of all responsibility. "Wright
died with words of exculpation on his lips
for the woman whose revolver was re
sponsible for his death. He persisted in
saying that the woman was not to blame
for his condition, and that he had the
revolver in his hand when it was dis
charged.
Mr. Wright's Bon-in-law and partner,
Fred Morgan, was at his side at death.
Mr. Morgan insisted that his ' father-in
law was on an errand to help a friend
who had become entangled with the
woman when he received his death wound.
Although he admits he can offer no evi
dence. Chief of Detectives Colleran
strongly believes that the weapon was
not in the hands of Wright when it was
discharged. A careful examination of the
position of the wound, he says, will show
that it would be impossible for Wright to
have held the weapon in his hand. Cap
tain Colleran says also that Mrs. Lott
ridge said she could not remember
whether the weapon was in her hand or
Wright's. He also cites the fact that
Wright's beard Is not singed, as it would
have been if the weapon had been dis
charged close to his head. His face is not
marked with powder: in fact. Captain
Coleran says, there is nothing to show
that he held a revolver very close to his
face.
Mrs. Lottridge, in a statement made at
the police station, said:
I cannot remember what led up to th» pro
duction of the revolver. I was talking to Mr.
Wright when he asked me to show him a re
volver of which he had spoken previously. I
refused to do so and we talked on other mat
ters for a while. I remember that finally I
went to my valise and took out my weapon
and when he saw it Mr. Wright begged me to
throw it away. As I remember, he tMed to
take the weapon from my hand and we scuffled.
I stood up and* he was sitting on the couch. I
had hold of the weapon, when, with a sudden
effort, he tore the revolver from my gTasp. He
fell backward and I followed him. I managed
to get hold of the butt of the weapon, he hoM
lng- to the guard. As we struggled the weapon
was discharged, and bad as I felt from the
liquor I had drunk I could not help crying out
In horror when I saw he was wounded. He
fell back on the FO'a and easp?d that hf» was
shot. I laughed hysterically and told him h»
was all right. He Insisted he had been wound
ed and begged me to call a doctor.
I told him he was dreaming and then set
about caring for him. I took a handkerchief
from his pocket and attempted to stanch the
flow of blood from his neck where the ball had
entered. .. I saw at a glance that the revolver
had done deadly work, but I could not bring
myself to tell any one of the occurrence. I wait
ed on, Mr. Wright for two hours possibly be
fore I summoned a doctor. I was so overcome
that I could not talk and may have said things
I ought not to have said, but the pressure I
was laboring under was the excuse for my
actions. The story that Mr. Wright came to
my room in the interest of a friend is false.
He came to see me at my request. He had
known me long enough to come at my .least
call. He wa* In good spirits when he entered
the room. We drank and talked of. matters
which concerned ourselves. We had a pleasant
conversation until the revolver was Introduced
by chance and the struggle which ended in his
death.
KNOWN IN BUFFALO.
Something of the Former Life of Mrs.
Louisa Lottridge.
BUFFALO, N. V., April I*.— Mrs. Louisa
Lottridge fa well known In Buffalo. She
was born In Fort Erie, Ont., just over the
Niagara River from this city. Her maiden
name was Bacus. She married about
twenty years ago and for a time lived at
Black Rock, a suburb of Buffalo. Her
husband was a railroad man. but little
is remembered concerning him and noth
ing is known of the divorce said to have
been granted. She is said to take great
Interest In horse-racing. Her sister, Mrs.
William Dunn, resides at Fort Erie and
the family has always borne an excellent
reputation. Another sister lives In
Montreal.
JL 3.1EC6 Conducted under the
. American and Euro-
nnr] pean plans, and In a
aiAU manner that will sat-
isfy the most exacting
Gr&lld and particular taste.
1400 rooms— 9oo with
baths.
Hotels 1
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallat
. on Application.
COAL, COKS AND PIQ ]ROX
J C VII SOX kCO ~* >0 B * tt *fr str»«.
J* W> ITILmJIUI Ul lU-i Telephone Mala IM4.
. COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supc . H. BLYTH. Mrr. •
C W £Wp «.^ Kmnbln*. Steamboat
W- IT* J.'lliU. and Ship Work a Specialty. U
and II Washington it. Telethon* Main MU. -
FRESH AND SAtT MEATS.
JIS FftYFS Cft Ehippioc Butchers. IM
JA> DUIEJtt WV-» Ctay. TeL Mala UM.
PAPER DEALERS.
WTT I AWFTTE puli> ANt> paper cxx.
PWINTIM J.
F f RlTfiffF^ PRINTER.
STATIONER. AND PRINTER.
Tel csTei lUo PARTRIDGE ""^r 1 *
2Weak Men and Women
SHOULD U6K DAMIANA BITTERS THE
rreat Mexican remedy; rives health and
Mffe&ftb to sexual organ*. Depot. JZJ Market.
t*vbS^t^"^^i!H f A reraedy for Unnomiu-;.^
jP&jr' CCHElTSg;rjl <Jl~-t. Spflroatorrhm.
&2¥jr in I «o5 4aj-i.Vrj Whitej. unnatural lij>
Ergyp Ocmr»n««4 |3 rh.-tix-* or any icCo—rno
¦^•B not to KrtoMra. tion, i irritation or aiver*>
rj-Jrnrati ooatajion. tion <¦• aicooi nicn*»
fySyittEvmS CHEMtRU Co. brane*. *Joa-««trlngenS.
Vi&s\ cmc-aiaTi.o F?fH ak>l " °* i>rcssi«t*.
X*»?V U. ". A Z£Zi 'l T Bent la P UID wr»pj««r.
Jr*fcrrX»_ >Sv"i b ? exprr™ prepaid, t^t
'• fg Qrnrciitf mi utt ftftts^s^
ADVEBTISEME2JTS.
THE IDOL OF THE TURF.
The Most Popular Jockey in America
and England Recommends Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets.
No Jockey has ever appealed so strongly
to public favor as Tod Sloan.
He has achieved more than his most
noted predecessors ever attempted and
etands in a class by himself.
Not satisfied wiyi his successes in his
native country, he went to England and
row his fame as a successful horseman is
on the tip of every tongue not only In
this country and England, but In every
section of the globe where racing has
found favor.
When Tod first went to England his
temerity w»s openly laughed at, but the
little American played skittles with his
English rivals and his victories made all
England gasp.
Havingthe Ftamp of royal approval, so-
ciety both at home and abroad "lionize"
him and he is feted and petted to an ex-
t»nt that would turn an ordinary mortal's
head.
The great Jockey was In such demand
socially and dined and wined to such an
extent that It wap feared his health
would give way. Too much society and
the nervous strain of racing told on him.
A two weeks' trip to America made him
acquainted with Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets and their remarkably restorative
*-ff'-cts on a df-pleted digestive apparatus
jin<s he recommendM them in unstinted
trrms to a friend, saying. "Stuart's Dys-
jiopsia Tablets are the best thing I know
of for keeping the stomach In condition
and appetite In good repair."
Thousands of former dyspeptics can
vouch for the truth of Tod Sloan's words.
A.i '•Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets" have be-
come a household word In America and
few families are without thexif. One of
two taken after meals keep the stomach
sweet by causir.g: prompt and healthy dl-
ppstlon of the food.
Perfectly healthy people use them after
hf-avy dinners to keep their good health
end to make sure that no 111 effects will
follow an unusually hearty meal.
Your dnjggl6t will tell you or your doc-
tor either that Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets
are composed only of digestive ferments,
Apceptlc Pepf!n, Hydrastis. fruit acids,
ftc. and for the etronjr stomach as well
us the most delicate constitute a safe-
guard against indigestion and stomach
troubles.
THE LIBERAL
CREDIT HOUSE.
One Tlstt will convince you that you are
in the right store. Elg reductions In
Carpets. Furniture. Mattings, etc..
Houses Furnished Complete.
Goods delivered free within 100 miles.
BRILLIANT'S,
338-340-342 POST ST.,
NEAR POWELL,
Open Evenings.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33.
V^|& CD .<<*
222-224 SUTTER STREET
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY- -WEDNESDAY
Ham, Finest Eastern 111 14c
Sugar-cured. Rer. 18c.
Sardellss, "Brabant" MD tin 35c
First quality. Rep. 50c.
QHfsOII, "Lucca" * bot 5Cc
Imported Itahan. Reg. 53c.
Pecans, Texas 2 lbs 25c
Extra larsa. Reg. 20c.
Pear! Onions qt 30c
Sweet-plckled. Reg. 40e.
Catsup, "NtwEra* brand bot 15c
Equals the highest priced on the
market. Reg. 2Cc.
Soap, "Old Family ' 8 cakes 2Fc
L. L. & Co.'s old reliable. Reir. 8 SSe
Olives, Manzaniiia qt 25c
Kxtra large N'oi 1. Reg. 30c.
Vermont!), itaiian bot 50c
Martini & Ross!. Reg. 60c.
Cherries in Maraschino bet 60c
Renaux Bernard Jeans & Co. Tie?. 70c.
Scotch VAisky bot $1.15
10 years old. S. R. & Co. Re?. {1 50.
Knives and Forts 45c
Coco handle. Set of six knives and
six forks. Reg-. 60c.
Sbsst ¦ Irsn Fry Pans
Dlam ....8% in. 9H in. 10% In. 10»i In.
Res 15c 20c 200 2j<*
Now lOc 15e. ISc 2O«
Plffarc c are direc t Importers and
Ul o aio. retail at wholesale prices.
Country orders solicited.
Free delivery within 100 miles.
Special terms to hotel 3. resorts, etc.
ACCUSES ROOSEVELT OF
QUITTING AT SANTIAGO
Sensational Charge Made in a Defense of
the Seventy-First New York Regi
ment by Its Colonel.
Special Dispatch to the OalL
CYCLONE IN KANSAS;
SNOW IN COLORADO
One Spreads Death and Destruction
While the Other Blockades Moun
tain Railways.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., April 15.— A
Journal special from "Wichita,
Kan., says: A storm approaching a
tornado in proportion Is reported
from near "Winfleld, between here
and Newton, and in the vicinity west of
Clearwater. Two deaths are reported and
four persons are said to have been injured
by overturned houses. "Wires are down
and names and particulars are unobtain
able at 10 o'clock to-night. At Putnam It
Is reported several houses were blown
down and four persons seriously injured.
Word was brought by passengers on the
southbound Santa Fe passenger train that
two persons were killed, but It Is impos
sible to confirm this report.
The telephone and telegraph wires were
rendered useless by the wind and all at
tempts to reach Putnam, Newton^or af
fected points have jfroved of no avail.
West of Clearwater, in the country
northeast of Adams, on the Englewood
branch of the Santa Fe Railroad, it is
reported that a strip of country five miles
long was swept by a storm at 6 o clock
this evening and several farmhouses,
barns and other buildings blown down.
No casualties are reported from there.
The fact that indefinite scraps of in
formation are all that can be secured
gives cause for alarm that the storm Is
much more serious than Is generally ad
mitted. From a small settlement several
miles west of Fremont, in Sumner
County, it is said all of the houses were
wrecked, with loss of life. This report
cannot be substantiated.
The storm area, so far as can be learn
ed, extends over about ten counties near
and at the southern line of the State. The
cyclonic disturbance seems to have fol
lowed the trend of the Arkansas River.
NEWTON, Kans., April 15.— This morn
ing over an Inch of rain fell here and be
tween 6 and 7 o'clock this evening thren
Inches of water fell, flooding the north
east part of the city. A "baby" cyclone,
accompanying the storm this evening
took a southeasterly course a mile and &
half southeast of here. It jumped a farm
house and took the roof off a barn.
RAILWAY OFFICERS
FEAR BIG WASHOUTS
DENVER, April 15.— A mixture of rain
and snow has been falling Incessantly
throughout the State of Colorado for the
past twenty-four hours. "With tho excep
tion of intervals of a few hours the
stormy weather has been continuous for
eleven days. Previous to this there had
been but little moisture for months and
the present visitation was received with
welcome. Now fear is being expressed of
the possible damage that may accrue
from it. Although no serious damage to
railroads has as yet been reported, sev
eral small washouts have occurred, and
railroad officials are prepared to receive
news of greater ones. In the agricul
tural districts much seed had been plant
ed, and as the ground Is now saturated it
is feared the seed will rot in the ground.
From Idaho Springs, Central City and
other points In the Clear Creek district
come reports of a heavy snowfall yeater
day and to-day, blocking the railroads
and paralyzing the mining Industry In
that section.
At 5 o'clock this afternoon the snow
was three feet deep and still falling. The
weather Is warm and the snow cannot
last, and It is feared slides and washouts
will come with the thaw. Cheyenne.
Wyo., reports the southeastern part of
Wyoming thoroughly soaked.
A 24-inch water main broke at Twenty
fifth and Franklin streets here this after
noon, flooding the adjacent property and
cutting off the water supply for two
miles in the resident district. Street rail
way companies are having trouble with
washouts.
A report comes from Fort Collins that
the Cache la Poudre and St. Vraln rivers
are badly swollen, the latter belns two
miles wide at Lonemont. Ordinarily the
St. Vraln Is but a small stream, and If the
report Is correct much damage will result
to ranch property In the lowlands around
Longmont. There are no towns In a posi
tion near enough to either of these rivers
to suffer to any grea.t extent. Longmont
Is inaccessible to-night by wire.
An Irrigation ditch between Denver and
Boulder broke and the water rushed over
the Colorado and Southern tracks. wash-
Ing out a stretch of several hundred feet
of track. No trains are moving over this
branch of the -road. All east-bound Den
ver and Rio Grande trains are tied up at
Monument by the heavy snow that has
fallen on the divide. Trains west over
this road left Denver to-night with dou
ble-headers pulling them. Incoming tr-iins
over the Santa Fe are late several hours.
Colorado Midland trains are also laid out.
Men's calf shoes, worth 52.50, for $1.25 a
pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market st*
1/1/. X. HESS,
HOTAK* PUJuIJ Asi> ATi'vilSaif-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claus Spreckela Bias.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. iZI California St.. below Powell.
Ban Francisco
(1 >
%saje£c£U MARKET bT. SJr '**»•
4viBi« OR. JORDAN'S orcat,
tBBSEUX OF aHfITOMY
a Ca sea mrsr ex. let. 6&*7tfc. s.r.cu. ,
, Sf T h< L-arsmt Anctontcai Muvom in tbe
(i »>vO»k * or 'd- We»t»er.vet c* Any c.r.tiicted j
' ifcr «?I A:tr*ie p>-»iil< .-¦? <- ar »4 t> r the oidett <
/ t%F'k C? " JORD *- H -^VATE OISEASES <
v t «^?3 Cr.!>..jtua<m frefl »nd «tH<-f» prhite \
/ £ Af\£ 3 I" l!mem P" 1C "«"> ™ »>r Inter. A M
fi U n H ™* Jm ftlr «'»e»«<7««« undertaken. T
tijrf {I ft vv "'f 'or Bock. rmi.OfcOfßYer jA
/« J| 1* «a»bii*c;k. mailed fueh. iaV
* (X 11 ••'u»'jl« book (or mm) \
* OB JOBDAS i A«O..lo6lMartetHt..B.F. f
ATTACKS WESTMINSTER
CONFESSION OF FAITH
Rev. Charles H. Parkhurst Declares
for a New Presbyterian
Creed.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Rev. Charles H.
Parkhurst, speaking In his pulpit In Mad-
Ison-square Presbyterian Church to-day,
made a vigorous assault on the Westmin
ster Confession of Faith. He said:
"We ought to have a new confession of
faith. It Is surprising that the Presby
terian Church Is able to do as much as it
is doing with such an Incubus strapped
upon us as we are tottering under In our
present confession. In the Hrst place, the
thing needed is not a system of theology,
for that is what our present confession is,
but a simple, brief. Saxon statement of a
half-dozen of the vital ingredients of Jesu 8
Christ's message to the world. I could
get along with a confession of faith con
taining but the little that Jesus said when
he was trying to make a Christian >of
Nlcodemus: 'God so loved the world that
he gave His only begotten Son, that who
soever belleveth in him should not perish,
but have eternal life.' That gives, to us
the doctrine of God's unlimited love, hu
man guilt, the divinity of Christ, salvation
through Christ, faith in Christ, immortal
ity-7-every word Saxon, three quarters of
the words monosyllables, profound enough
for any elder, simple enough for any four
year-old.
"At any rate, we want a new creed.
Amending this one will not meet the ne
cessities of the case. Better give It a dig
niticd place in the museum, for what It is,
than hack it to pieces and revamp It for
what it is not."
¦¦¦¦KWgSr ' ?
Trans-Mississippi Congress.
HOUSTON, Tex., April 15.— Tuesday th«
Trans-Mississippi 'Commercial Congress
Will meet here in tht'alAv«nth utnuol uu.
YAQUI PRISONERS.
Fifty Captured Indians Taken to the
City of Mexico.
CITY OF MEXICO. April 15.— Forty
members of the Taqul tribe of Indians,
prisoners of war, have arrived here. They
were escorted by troops through the
streets, and along the lino of march the
people rushed out to offer delicacies and
money, which the Yaquls gratefully ac
cepted, the kindness of the Mexican peo
ple making a marked Impression on
them. The prisoners will. In accordance
with the policy adopted, be distributed in
different parts of the republic and taught
civilized ways.
CALIFORNIA'S GAIN.
Poor Wheat Crops in Chile Will Cause
Importations From This State.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. April 15.— 1n
consequence of the poor crops wheat
P 1 ! 1 , 068 t, are adv anclng and the situation
will allow large Importation from Cali
fornia.
Broad Gauge to Los Gatos.
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS GATOS. April 15.-The first of the
regular broad gauge passenger trains ar
rived to-day. Some three years ago a
third rail was laid from San Jose to Los
Gatos. making the road between these
points a combination broad and narrow
gauge, but the only use to which it was
put previous to this time was for freight
and an occasional excursion train. Under
the new schedule Los Gatos is made the
terminal for the two broad gauge trains
formerly running only to San Jose. This
gives direct connection with San Fran
cisco, making a quicker and much more
satisfactory service.
Attempted Burglary.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN RAFAEL, April 15.-An attempt
was made last night to break Into the of
fice of J. Vanderlip a dentist, in the
Crocker & McNear building. The tran
som was smashed and an attempt had
been made to force the door. Two ex
convicts, who were in this city last night
are suspected.
Good=Looking
Eye=Glasses
That stay on without discomfort. Cost the sarna
as others that pinch. Ask your frlenda who
wear ours.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing. Phone. Main 13.
OPTICIANS H nTos^ CAPPARATw -
642 Market St., taMßUfwa
MUNYON'S GUARANTEE.
Otronr Assertions as to Jnst What
the Remedies Will Do.
— m <j <*-">"j> Munyon guarantees
Xs^fi.#w\ Cl;re wlll cur » nearly
J^JjjSj^rHyfe,^ -"1 «U eaien of rheuma-
T&f '^^ ml y&JSf Ham la a few hours;
JSS/ s»=?> that hu dyspepsia Curp
t^k -j^'i^l wlu cure lndigestloo «i: :
t? ¦mi *~riify >U stomach troubles.
VV JwjTK^ that his Kidney Cora
I •* \F*f2¥ vitil cure 00 per cenr.
V^ y*t<i.ipj * f " :l cases of kldii- v
\ > trouble; that his Ca-
jfor *^W tirrb Cure will cure
catarrh no matter how
C*£r«»»wJS?S?^. lons »tand!nt; that h!a
Headache Cure will cure
**l I TfT •ny kind of headache In
I- I f' • f*w minute*; that
• tl» Cold Cur* win
Cnlckly breai up any
tMU of cold and no on through the entire list of
remedies. At all dnistfsts. 25 cents a rial.
If jou need medical adrlce write Prof Uunyon
1306 Arch St.. Pblla. It U absolutely free.
GENERAL GOMEZ SNUBS
THE CIVIL GOVERNOR
Great Excitement Attends the Re
ception to the Officer in San
tiago de Cuba.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, April 15.— The
reception tendered to General Maximo
Gomez to-day on his way to San Domingo
caused great excitement, owing to the
efforts of the white and black parties
to obtain the first recognition. The black
party, represented by the Cubano Libre,
which continues occasional publications
in defiance of the orders of the authori
ties, who had directed Its suppression,
sent a tug to meet the steamer Maria
Herrera at quarantine and succeeded in
inducing General Gomez to accompany
them.
Meanwhile another tug. carrying the
civil governor. General Castillo, the Mayor
and other officials, representing the domi
nant white party, was entirely ignored by
Gomez.
The black party, highly elated, took the
guest to the landing, where an Immense
crowd gathered on the frail private wharf
of a local boat club. This collapsed and
many were thrown Into the water, one
man being drowned.
The official party declined to recognize
General Gonv?z in consequence of his
recognition of the black party, and there
Is considerable excitement.
When the procession passed through the
city without either civil governor or
mayor rioting was narrowly prevented by
the vigorous action of the police under
American officers. This afternoon all the
clubs gave receptions to General Gomez,
hut the white party refused to attend any
of them.
CUT HIS OWN TOMB
IN A MARBLE BLOCK
Remains of Allen Taylor, a Pioneer,
Laid in the Grave He Had
Prepared.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ANGELS CAMP, April 15.— A unique
burial took place at Altaville Cemetery
yesterday. Allen Taylor, a pioneer, died
at his home on Thursday, and his family
at once consulted John Carley, an under
taker with whom the aged marble worker
had made arrangements four years ago
In regard to his burial. A grave which
the old man had prepared was opened
and In it was found a marble box just
large enough to receive a body without
a casket of any kind.
Taylor had had. some bitter disappoint
ments in his fan»ily a few years ago and
since then life has had little interest for
him. He conceived the idea of construct
ing his own grave, cut the marble and
placed the box In a secure position. He
then called the undertaker, and after
showing him the grave, was told that It
was too small for the reception of a
casket, at which he laughed, stating that
he wished to be burled that way, so in
respect to his wishes the body was draped
In a shroud, placed on a covered bier and
borne to its last resting place by his
pioneer friends, where It was lowered
into the white marble receptacle made by
the hands which are now at rest within.
?
Will Sing for Dewey.
ST. LOUIS, April 15.— The St. Louis Sun
day School Union is arranging to have
10 000 school children sing for Admiral
Dewey at his reception In May. The pro
posed reception to Admiral Dewey will be
held in the Exposition Coliseum May 4.
•
Railway President Dead.
PHILADELPHIA. April 15.— Charles E.
Smith, former president of the Philadel
phia and Reading Railroad Company,
died here to-day of paralysis. He was
aged 79 years.
OPERATORS ARE
UNABLE TO TIE
OP THE TRAINS
Southern Railroad Is Run
ning According to
Schedule.
In Certain Districts a Good Deal of
Wire Cutting Is Being Done, a
Shortage of Linemen Be
ing Reported.
KNOXVILLE, Term., April 15.— The
strike on the Knoxville division of the
Southern Railroad did not prevent all the
passenger trains moving on time to-day.
The officials say that freight trains, which
left on regular schedules, are also run
ning on time. Former telegraph operators
of Sweetwater and Bearden have been ar
rested, charged with cutting wires. Guards
are being kept at several telegraph sta
tions to prevent any one entering the
properties. Superintendent Ewlng says
President Powell's statement that tralilc
is blocked on this division is untrue. Two
night operators and three agents went out
on this division to-day.
ATLANTA, Ga.. April 15.— President
Powell of the telegraphers to-night gave
out a statement, in which he says:
"The conditions to-night are entirely
satisfactory to the men. Telegrams re
ceived by me from every division on the
system indicate a feeling of unrest and
dissatisfaction on the part of the train
and engine men on the system as a result
of the wreck on the Mobile division last
night.
"My action In declaring a boycott
against the Southern has brought a large
number of telegrams to-day from ticket
and freight agents on every road of any
consequence from Maine to California,
promising support."
WASHINGTON, April 15.— Third Vice
President and General Manager Gannon
of the Southern Railroad Company to
night made the following statement con
cerning the strike:
"The so-called strike, if It ever existed,
of the telegraph operators, might be con
sidered ended. Out of a total of sonv*
1400 operators less than 10 per cent left the
service of the company, whose places have
now been supplied, and there Is absolutely
no Interruption In the telegraph system
from this cause and passenger and freight
trains are being conducted without any
delay.
"Telegrams and telegraphic reports re
ceived to-night from all superintendents
of the line indicate a general desire for
reinstatement of the operators who left
the service, the citizens of some of the
towns Interceding for them. ¦ The com
pany will prosecute in the courts any per
sons interfering with the conduct of Its
business, several arrests having been
.made and others will follow."
ASHEVILLE, N. C, April 15.— A1l pas
senger trains on the Southern arrived and
departed on time here to-day. Wires are
still being cut In local territory. ¦ Rail
road officials say they have operators In
abundance, but there Is a shortage of
linemen.
YELLOW SHEET
TAKES A HAND
AT WRECKING
Harrowing Tale of a Sink
ing Ship That Did
Not Sink.
Story of a Marine Disaster at Wad
dell Beach Proves to Be a
Saffron-Colored Fake of
Worst Variety.
«
Soeclal Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, April 15.— The story pub
lished in the saffron-colored San Fran
cisco journal this morning stating
that a three-masted ship had gone
ashore on Waddell Beach proves
to be a fake of the yellowest variety. In
Its anxiety to catch up in the journalistic
race and occasionally print what purports
to be news the bubonic plague paper has
been driven to the straits of manufactur
ing gauzy yarns on the most flimsy foun
dation.
The lighthouse tender Madrona fur
nished the pretext for the yellow sheet to
bunko its readers. In delivering light
house supplies Friday afternoon the ves
sel found It necessary to go pretty close
to the rocks, as is Its custom. It was
noticed by an ambitious correspondent of
the Irresponsible journal and without In
vestigation a story of a shipwreck was
printed with all Its harrowing details.
The "signals of distress" were not over
looked and "the breakers breaking furi
ously over her" were "played up" for all
they were worth.
As Is usual, however, with sensational
eion, and for the first time every State
and Territory west of the Mississippi
River will be officially represented. The
programme includes the following papers:
Hon. George H. Maxwell. San Francisco,
"The Great West; Irrigation, Population
and Prosperity"; Hon. John W. Springer,
Denver, "The American Statesman";
Hon. L. Bradford Prince. Santa Fe, N.
Mex., "A Department of Mines and Min
ing; Statehood for Territories." C. M.
Heintz. Los Angeles, will discuss "Ihpor
tance of Reservoirs." .;;;,.
DOUKHOBORS MAY NOT
COME TO CALIFORNIA
Count Tolstoi Urges the Russian
Quakers to Remain on Cana
dian Grants.
HALIFAX. N. S.. April 15.— W. T. R.
Preston of Toronto, a Canadian immigra
tion agent, who has Just returned from
Europe, says the Mollicans, a thrifty set
of people from Southeastern Russia, num
bering 10,000, only await the Czar's con
sent to follow the Doukhobors to Canada.
With regard to the Doukhobors leaving
Canada for California, Mr. Preston said
he had correspondence from Prince Rll
koff and Count Tolstoi, In London, dis
approving of the step. The Philadelphia
friends of the Russian Quakers had also
determined to send representatives to the
Canadian Northwest to persuade the
Doukhobors to remain on their Canadian
grants.
?
CRAZED BY SUDDEN WEALTH.
Bricklayer Who Inherited a Fortune
Hangs Himself.
NEW YORK, April IG.— Jules Koster, a
bricklayer who had inherited $300,000 from
his brother's .estate In Germany, was
tound dead to-night swinging from a rope
in an empty water-tank on the roof of his
house. He had been ill, and the sudden
charge from poverty to riches affected his
mind.
Reciprocity With Trinidad.
OTTOWA, Ont., April 15.— Official ad
vices from Trinidad show that the Legis
lature there has rejected the offer of
Canada for reciprocal »rad° ant' n^o^trd
the convention with the United States.
The United States offers Trinidad a reduc
tion of 12% per cent on cane sugar, as
phalt, fresh fruits and vegetables, while
in return Trinidad places some forty-one
articles on the free list and makes reduc
tions on other articles.
yarns emanating from the bubonic plague
source, there was absolutely no founda
tion for the story.
All Santa Cruz 13 laughing over th©
story. The people are. thinking of peti
tioning the Government to allow the yel
low paper to wreck the Madrona every
day— in its columns— so that It may Imag
ine that It Is really a newspaper.
MEASURES OF
IMPORTANCE
IN THE SENATE
Their Supporters Struggle
to Obtain Earliest Con
sideration.
#
Alaska Code Bill, Quay Resolution
and the Bill Providing for Gov
ernment of Philippines to
Be Discussed.
PVSHINGTON. April 15.— Tbe Senate
continue during the week to devote
ttentlon to the Alaskan code bill, the
¦ resolution and the bill providing for
emporary government of the Philip-
Islands. There also will be more or
lers sparring for place on the part of the
friends of the Nicaragua canal, chief
among whom is Senator Morgan of Ala
bama. Possibly also Senators Frye and
Hanna will make an effort to bring the
subsidy shipping bill up, but the chances
are that no move will be made in that dl
jection until after some of the measures
before the Senate are disposed of.
Senator Carter will try on Monday to
get a day fixed for a vote on the Alaskan
bill. There are only two amendments of
importance remaining to be acted upon
in connection with that measure and it is
thought these could be disposed of at a
very early date If the frienos of the Alas
kan bill would agree to assist in the tak
ing up of other legislation when it is out
of the way. Senator Morgan seems at
present inclined to hold up the code meas
ure until he can receive some assurance
on the canal bill, but so far has appar
ently not been successful in that direc
tion.
There is a notable disposition to use
the Alaskan bill and the Philippine bill to
delay the taking up of the subsidy bill.
The Democrats in the Senate are prac
tically united in opposition to the sub
sidy proposition. Senator Lodge, in
charge of the Philippine bill, announces
it to be his purpose to ask a vote on it
whenever the Democrats make an open
ing for such suggestion. Aparently. how
ever, he is not very sanguine of success.
Senator Hoar has given notice of a
speech on the Philippine question on
Tuesday next, and he is expected then to
fully outline his views on the question of
expansion.
The week in the House will be largely
taken up with the consideration of the
naval appropriation bill, over which there
promises to be a protracted struggle. The
whole question of armor plate, except
that for the Maine. Wisconsin and Mis
souri, will be fought out. The minority
members of the committee, led by Wheel
er of Kentucky, will make a strong fight
for the establishment of a Government
armor factory as the best solution of the
vexed problem. An atttempt will also bo
made by the minority of the committee
for the building of ships in Government
yards.
WASHINGTON, April 15.—Politi
cians here and throughout the
East are greatly interested in
the suggestion in the Colorado
Springs Gazette that Edward O. Wolcott
would make an ideal running mate for
President McKinley. The main argument
in his favor is that, In spite of some un
popularity in his own State, .gained while
battling for the administration against the
tide of Silver Republicans, he is admired
for his great ability and has a strong per-
sonal following, which, added to the nat
ural pride of the State In having one of Its
sons on the Presidential ticket, would, it
is believed, swing Colorado again into the
Republican lino.
Senator Wolcott's standing with the ad
ministration and with Republican leaders
throughout the country is evidenced by
the fact that he has been chosen to pre
side, as temporay chairman, over the
Philadelphia convention, and is expected,
in his speech calling that gathering to or
der, to strike the. keynote of the cam-
UNITED STATES SENATOR EDWARD 0. WOLCOTT.
Roosevelt because of his orders as com
mander in chiet of the National Guard,
which he declares were "libels on the
regiment." .
In vindicating the Seventy-first Regi
ment Colonel Bacon often contrasts the
conduct of the New York volunteers and
the colonel of the Rough Riders, and in
doing so makes bitter attacks upon tht-
Governor. On pages 31 and 35 Colonel Ba
con charges the Governor with blood
thirsUness and unsoldlerly conduct in
boasting of the killing of Spaniards in on*
of the battles before Santiago. Colonel
Bacon's pamphlet says:
I have not overlooked the marvelous account
of this battle found In "The Hough Riders."
by Theodore Roosevelt, and quote from pages
12* and ]£>: "Flm Serpeant Clarence Gould
killed a Spanish soldier v.ith his revolver just
as the Pnanlard was aiming: at one of my
Rough Riders; at about tlie same time I also
shot one. I was with Henry Bardshar, run
ning up at double, and two Spaniards leaped
from the trenches and fired at us not ten yards
away. As thoy turned to run, I closed in and
fired twice, m'sslne the first and killing the
second. At the time I did not know of Oould's
exploit and supposed my feat to be unique;
alth"Ugh Gould had killed his Spaniard In the
trenches, not very far from me, I never learned
of It until weeks later."
His slaying a fleeing Spaniard less than thirty
feet away sounds very much like murder.
Colonel Roosevelt stands out against the lurid
horizon of war as the solitary biographer from
the days of Caesar till now to write himself
down boastlngly as a flayer of his fellow man,
and that. too. at such close range.
In the same paragraph Colonel Bacon
says no ofn>er of the Seventy-first Regi
ment found It necessary to establish his
reputation by an account of exultant
bloodthirstiness.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
COLORADO'S JUNIOR SENATOR
AS McKINLEY'S RUNNING MATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1900.
NEW YORK. April 15.— Governor
Theodore Roosevelt la practically
accused of quitting at Santiago by
Colonel Alexander S. Bacon in a
pamphlet Issued late Saturday aft
ernoon In defense of the Seventy-first
Regiment. This grave accusation is found
on page 25 In paragraphs which read as
follows:
Major Reade. in his official report (Inspector
general'e report, page 102) states that Colonel
J loose ve!t made thi* statement: "Twenty-flve
per cent of my Rough Kid en can't carry a pall
at water from cr^ek to trenches. No men can
decry me or my regimetst. but we must accede
U the next proposition from the enemy."
Tl-.ls marvelous demand was made at head
quarters before the enemy surrendered. The
B*renty-flnt Ilepiment had more than 50 per
rer.t of Its men who not only could not carry
r. pail of water, but whose legs could not carry
th*-!r own bodies: yet they never dictated joll
c;es to their superior ofScers nor boasted of
their sufferings.
Ttnej were not "quitters," and were never 6O
anxious to pet home as to suggest easy terms
fr>r the enemy.
The importance of this charge lies in
the fact that Colonel Bacon is one of the
best-kaova officers in the National Guard
of New York. Besides, he is a Republican
of considerable prominence. He is a
former member of the Assembly.
In the National Guard Colonel Bacon
has been captain, major and lieutenant
colonel of the Twenty-third Regiment.
Colonel Bacon has always taken the side
<ji the officers and men of the Beventy
flrst Regiment and has denounced the
finding's of the State Court of Inquiry. He
is especially bitter toward Governor
Q STRICTLY
RELIABLE
DR. TALCOTT
\Xiiti?~*£i . & CO.
/\.^rfO*hf\ Diseases and "Weak-
>/ JiS^ACrl \s^ nesses of
rt\lOT MEN ONLY -
"^ • \ J Entire Upper Floor.
jiSpjJ^ WOffIUBfOL
RUF»TURE CURED.
IN INVENTING HIS WORLD-RESOWSED
"Magnetic Elastic Truss" Dr. Pierce gay* to
the public the most remarkable remedy erer
discovered for the successful treatment oC Her-
nia or Rupture. Thousands of sufferers havo
b««n permanently relieved and radically CUREI>
by this rreat appliance, and thousands of otters
are now on the road to complete recovery. This
Trass la different from all others. It doea th«
work!
Toa can ret our "BOOKLET No. 1" by can-
tor at the office, or It will be sent on receipt of
m t-cent stamp. It tells all about this Truia.
'magnetic elastic truss co.,
62U ilarket Street (Opposite FaUca Uoui).
San Francisco.
Eastern Ofllce— New York City.
3If local police duty continues to become much more
complicated in its demands the dressing rooms of the
police stations will look not unlike the dressing rooms
of variety theaters. In Chinatown and Barbary Coast
work the "finest" have to masquerade now as Chinese
and negroes.
Judge Taft is of the opinion that circumstances be
yond our control have thrust responsibility for the
Philippines upon us. Perhaps the distinguished gen
tleman can suggest some means by which we can re
turn the thrust.
As Secretary Long asks for $61,219,916 for the navy
next year, it is evident he doesn't intend to belie his
name and run short anywhere.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, April 15.— G. M. Hoar Jr.
of\San Francisco Is at the Holland; Jo
seph McKlnley of San Francisco is at the
Astor; James W. Smook of San Francisco
is at the Hoffman.
The revelations which have been made of the oper
ations of the local Chinese ring suggest the. propriety
of organizing a new and unique parlor of Native Sons
of the Golden West. The parlor might be called
the Jackson parlor, and members be> restricted to
candidates who cculd prove that they were born be
fore June 6, 18&2.
The fact; that a society in this city gave a ball and
had a frolicsome dance for the purpose of -raising
money to purchase a cemetery is an evidence that
when the average Californian wishes to have a gay
time any excuse will do— and after all waltzing to .1
grave may be as good a way of getting there as any.
If the Pippy ring continues the success which has
already attended its efforts we may find some day
that our citizen coolies will be framing a new charter
for us. His Honor the Mayor might do -worse than
give his serious attention to the matter.
Dewey may still' cling to his belief that there is no
great difficulty in performing .the work of Presi
dent of the United States, but he has undoubtedly
learned by this time that pretty hard work is required
to get the job.
European political experts predict that the present
French Ministry will- fall as soon as the exposition
is over and that France will then show the world some
spectacular politics, that will open the new century
with a bang.
William C. Whitney denies that he had anything to
do with Dewey's decision to be a Presidential candi
date,-but in New York, where Whitney is known, it
is said that whenever he denies a published statement
he is joking. .
PERSONAL MENTION.
Captain F. J. Poole of Peking, China, is
at the Palace.
L. \V. Moultrie, an attorney of Fresno,
is at the Lick.
Superior Judge I. F. Poston of Coallnga
is at the Lick.
L. T. Wright, a mining man of Shasta,
is at the Palace.
F. C. Chirm. a merchant of Sacramento,
is at the Palace.
B. F. Snell, a mining man of Nevada
City, Is at the Lick.
Colonel A. E. Bates of the United States
army Is at the Palace.
F. W. Mattherson, a merchant of La
Salle, 111}; is at the Palace.
W. H. Holabird, a railroad promoter of
Los Angeles, Is at the Palace.
Mark Plaisted, editor of the Fresno
Evening Democrat, is at the California.
George C. Dean, a prominent business
man of Cambridge, Mass., is at the Pal
ace.
J. A. Brent of St. Paul and Frank Shaw
of Jackson, mining experts, are at the
Grand.
Thomas J. Kirk, State Superintendent of
Public Instruction, Is at the Lick with his
family. ..-¦;. ;v.-, ' _*
McKlnley Mitchell, a business man and
politician of Gervals, Or., is at the Occi
dental.
"W. M. Hunt of the Continental Fruit
Express of Los Angeles, and his bride are
at the Grand.
F. A. Hartman of Los Angeles, who is
heavily interested in Mexican mines, is
at the California.
W. M. Liggett, a mine owner of Daw
son, is at the Russ. He has just returned
from Washington.
AJa.USEM.ZUTS.
Grand Opera.-hou*f — "An Arabian Girl." 1
Or^heutn— Vaudeville.
Alcitar— "Quo Yartli"."
California— ' "A Bachelor's Romance."
California— l't-lfchnokofl and Haiubourr this afternoon.
Columbia— West'n llir.Htrcls.
Tlvoll— 'The Wizard of the Nile. 1 '
Jr":*cher'« Concert House— "CMvallerla Rustlcana."
Chute*. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venlns. '
O!ymp:a. corr.rr of Ma»on and n.l.'y rtrwt*— Specialties.
Central Park— Gentry" • Trained Anim&J Show.
Ehcnr.an-Clay Hall— lteclta! Tuesday r.lsht.
Western Turf A»H'c;atlciti — Rare* ti<-C*>.
Mrs. Burnetts Last
Marriage and Other
Striking Examples
of Talented Women
Who Have Married
Men Far Younger
Than Themselves.
X NOTABLE MARRIAGES t
+ Of Their Kind. +
J +
+ Mrs. Langtry-Hugo de Bathe, 49-28.
+ Adelina Patti-Baron Cederstrom, J'
+ 56-28. •
+ Mrs. Frances Hlgginson-James "W. *T
+ Smith. 40-24. "Z
+ Mrs. Mable Hopklns-E'. F. Searles, T
'+..':-•• 73-46. .
+ Baroness Burdett-Coutts-Ashmead T
+>: Bartlett, 64-23. T
+ Mrs. Frank Leslie- Willie Wild, T
+ 55-34. T
+ Georgie Eliot-Mr. Cross, 59-32. >
+ ?+++ ?
marriage of Mrs. Frances
B Hodgson Burnett, the famous au
fL^tl thor, to her young secretary,
v&F Stephen Townsend, again calls at
¦ tention to the frequent union of
women of mature years with men
much their juniors.
Mrs. Burnett is now somewhere In the
fifties, and her life has been as full of
romance as that of any of her heroine.^.
Like most of her books, it promises to
come to a peaceful termination after long
years yet to be of happiness and content.
Frances Hodgson was born in England,
but her parents came to this country
when the future author was but a child
and settled In Eastern Tennessee. The
Hodgsons were very poor when little
Frances, a dreamy, original girl of six
toen, who had already written some lit
tle stories which had been published, and
who secretly cherished the ambition
which has been so splendidly realized, be
came acquainted with an equally poor
and unknown young man named Burnett.
Dr. Burnett at that time was a physi
cian duly licensed to practice in Tennes
see. He was poor, young, ardent and in
love. Ills practice was very small, and
medical compensation has never been too
generous In Tennessee; but love Is rich;
and so it came about that Frances Hodg
son was one day made the happy bride
of the struggling young physician.
Years of Wedded Life,
Then They Parted
|K5kU. BURNETT was especially fasci
£ by the study of the eye, and
a consuming desire to go to the
great hospitals in Europe and fit
himself to be a specialist, in his chosen
field. His young wife shared his ambi
tion, and it was in an effort td help her
husband earn the money to realize his
cherished hope that she undertook to
write a story for publication.
This story, timidly offered to a magazine
editor, was "That Las 3 o' Lowrle's," a
novel whose characters were drawn from
her childhood recollections of her early
,home in the English mining region. The
story immediately brought the writer rec
ognition, fame and money. It was this
money, so fairly earned, that enabled Dr.
and Mrs.- Burnett to go to London, where
they remained two years, at the end of
which time the physician was regarded as
a master of his specialty, as he is to this
day.
Thereafter the couple lived much in
Washington, where ''Through One Ad
ministration" and "Little Lord Fauntle
roy" were written, and where Mrs. Bur
nett gained the information used in her
latest book, "In Connection with the De
WUloughby Claim."
In ISSS it was reported that Dr. and Mrs.
Burnett had parted, but this rumor was
emphatically denied by both husband and
wife, and the actual separation did not
occur until several years later. Then,
without suggestion of scandal or wrong
on either side, it became known that the
MRS FRANCES HODGSON BURNETT-TOWNSEND.
CALIFORNIAN SPRING FETES.
RIVERSIDE is now beautiful and joyous in the
bustling gayety of a "street fair," the first ever
.held on this coast; and by the time that closes
Sacramento will be about ready to open another fes
tival of a similar nature to add to the frolic welcome
of the May.
A few years ago the State was noted for its mid
winter rose festivals, and it appeared for a time as if
in several localities these would become established
as annual fetes. The industrial depression resulting
from the panic of 1893, followed later by. the two
years of comparative drought, appears to have ren
dered these celebrations unprofitable, and accordingly
last winter there were but three or four of them in
the State. Now, with returning prosperity and abun
dant rains, the natural buoyancy of the spirit of the
people revives, and the fetes of the spring will doubt
less be among the most successful ever known.
At Riverside, we are told, the town is radiant with
banners, thronged with visitors from all parts of
Southern California, and has every prospect of a
week of bustling activity in which business and pleas
ure will be combined. The profit of the venture,
moreover, will not end with the trade of the festival
itself. A new attractiveness will have been given to
the city and its repute abroad will "have been aug
mented, so that the good effects will be far reaching
and long enduring, and, what is more, not Riverside
only but all Southern California will be benefited
by them.
The street fair at Sacramento will, of course, be
much larger and more elaborate in every way than
that which is now going on at Riverside. It is to be
more of a fair and less of a fete. It will not, perhaps,
have the floral beauty of the southern celebration, but
it will have a richer and more extensive display of
lights and banners and other artificial decorations.
From the preparations that have been made for it
each successive day of the fair will provide for the
people of Sacramento and their visitors an attraction
peculiar to itself. There is to be no monotony in the
week, and the event will doubtless prove one of the
notable successes accomplished in the way of open-air
entertainments on a grand scale in California.
The figures for the American guns do
not correspond with the latest report of
the Bureau of Ordnance of the United
States navy, which gives an energy of
65.221 foot tons, equal to 1019.6 foot tons
per ton weight of gun. Its penetrating
power at 3000 yards will be 17.92 inches of
Harveyized nickel steel armor, making it
vastly superior to. any srun yet built for
any other navy.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The German navy is at present repre
sented in foreign waters by sixteen ves
sels and it is intended to, add five more
during the year.
A quick-firing gun of 7*4 inch caliber has
been made for the British navy and is to
be tried shortly. It will throw a shell
weighing 200 pounds.
The obsolete armorclads are being weed
ed out of the European navies. France
has relegated the Colbert, Richelieu and
Trident to harbor service; Germany _ re
cently condemned two old turret vessels,
and the Deutchland and Koenlg Wilhelm
will also soon retire from the effective
list. '
The floating dock at Havana is still un
disposed of, the private bidders having
failed to make good their offer. Spain has
again offered It to the United States at
an advance of $15,000 over the first, but
our Navy Department has no funds for
the purchase and the dock Is likely to be
a dead loss to Spain.
The works of the famous engine build-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
has taught us how to make the
best Emulsion in the world;
Experience has proved that
this Emulsion is worthy of
entire confidence. There
are many imitations of
and all kinds of substitutes for it ;
but none equal it. If your doctor
recommends you to take Cod-Liver
Oil, or you know yourself that you
need it, get SCOTT'S EMULSION ;
it is the best Cod-Liver Oil in the
best form.
If we badjotxr address we would send
yon a sample and a pamphlet telling
more about it. * «^*
toe mnd Sl.OO, all druggists,
SCOTT £ BOWME. 413 Pe*rl St.. New Votk.
There are fourteen Harvard graduates
in the Fifty-sixth Congress, now in ses-
sion, of whom four are Senators and ten
Representatives.
Special Information supplied dally to
business bouses and public men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). s*o Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1041 r .V
ALONG THE YUKON TRAIL.
DAWSON appears to have profited to some ex
tent by the rush for Cape Nome. The event
has led to a considerable decrease of popula
tion without a corresponding diminution of supplies,
and consequently the town will not have to live on
Mafeking rations this spring. In fact, one of the local
papers recently said: "There is more beef now in
Dawson and coming in than can possibly be con
sumed before the arrival of warm weather will render
more or less of it unfit for use. Whether parties who
are handling beef have made or lost money, they had
much better put the price. down within the reach cf
every one than run the'risk of consigning large quan
tities to the river upon the break-up."
Beef, however, is not the only viand plentiful in'
Dawson. It seems a lot of luxuries have been going
in over the trail, but that sometimes they strike snags,
as it were, and then the way stations have festivals.
For example, a report from Skaguay of March 27
says: "Durand has reached Bennett and is on his way
to Dawson with 1000 quail and 400 pounds of frog
legs. As the latter are spoiling very rapidly, he sold i
a large part of his stock in Bennett yesterday, when
the whole town indulged in a frog-leg feast, the first
in its history."
Other reports are to the effect that Dawson is full
of men who stay there for.no other reason than that
they arc too proud to go home. In an extended re
view of the subject a Dawson journal says: "Many
men -who have not sufficient pride here to prevent
them from sleeping under crap tables have been 'high
CaL glace fruit 60c per n> atTownsewT*.*
Look out, for 81 Fourth (3c barber, sro-
cer). Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c. •
ers of Maudslay Sons & Fields at Lambeth
no longer exists. The tools and other ap
purtenances were sold at auction during
the first week of this month and the un
filled contracts have been turned over to
the new works located at Greenwich. This
old marine engine firm has built engines
for every naval power except that of the
United States, and their machinery is to
be found in fully one-half of the world's
naval vessels built prior to 1890.
British manufacturers of armor plates
were unofficially encouraged last year by
Lord Goshen, First Lord of the Admiral
ty, to extend their facilities and they have
promptly acted upon the encouraging hint
of large orders. The three firms, all lo
cated at Sheffield, comprising Vlcker's
Sons & aiaxim, John Brown & Co. and
Charles Causswell & Co., have added im
provements to their plants involving an
outlay of $5,000,000, and are now prepared
to turn out 30,000 tons of armor per an
num.
The pay of German naval officers is
considerably lower than in the British
navy, but somewhat higher than in the
French. A German admiral of the fleet
receives a salary of 13000, which, with
table money and other allowances, makes
a total of $7900 annually. A captain's pay
is $1950; that of a lieutenant in command
Is $975, and chief inspector of machinery
afloat receives only $1650. The fleet sur
geon's pay is $1950. It is asserted that
during: the first ten years of a German
naval officer's career his income falls short
of his actual necessary expenditures by
$2500 and. as a consequence, only the rich
can afford to enter their sons as officers
in the imperial German navy.
That the French excel in the smaller
caliber guns is a fairly well established
fact, but the claim made for a better 12
inch gun than that of any other navy re
mains to be proved in actual practice, for
comparative data do not support the
claim. While the initial velocity is
greater in the French gun. the projectile
weighing only 645.8 pounds against the
British 850 pounds, the penetrating 1 en
ergy must therefore be much greater for
the British gun. The Engineer of recent
date contains the following Interesting
table of the principal armor-piercing ord
nance of which some of the data are:
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
CENT OF IS4S— M. 8.. City. A 1-cent
piece of 1848 does not command a premium
from dealers.
CHIEF JUSTICE— T. M. U, City. TV.
H. Beatty is the Chief Justice of the Su
preme Court of California.
NEXT ELECTION— T. M. X, City. The
next election for Governor of California
will be held In November, 1902.
CALIFORNIA COUNTIES-F. M. L.,
City. There are fifty-seven counties in.
the State of California at this time.
GOLD COIN— W. D. J. 8.. City. This
department has a number of times an
nonunced that there is no premium offered
for any live-dollar gold piece coined after
1534. ____L
TO ELECT BURNS— A. S. W.. City.
There Is no way of ascertaining the ap
proximate cost "directly and indirectly"
of the attempt to elect Burns United
States Senator.
TO YOSEMITE ON WHEEL— A. V. L.
A person desiring to go to Yosemite on
a wheel will find the Wawona or the Big
Oak Flat road 3 pood for such a trip be
fore they are badly cut up by teams. The
latter is preferable by reason of easier
grade. A person may camp anywhere
along the Toad. ~, - -
A RELAPSE IN MANUFACTURES.
' I "" KADh last week was rather quieter than usual.
The bank clearings of the country fell off 11.6
* per cent and the principal manufacturing towns,
such as Pittsburg, Fall River and the more important
New England centers, showed a decrease. In fact,
the manufacturer, who has enjoyed such an unprece
dented boom for a year or more, is now beginning to
talk about dullness and declining prices. The retailer
has found out that the general public cannot pay the
i-ery high prices for most commodities resultant from
the boom of 1899, and his method of informing the
wholesaler of this fact, though tacit, is none the less
vigorous. He simply cuts down his orders. The
... .. "
wholesaler at once reacts on the manufacturer, who
promptly curtails his production, and thus the boom
subsides like the gentle and noiseless subsidence of
1 row of bricks. This is well illustrated by the present
condition of the dry goods business. We are informed
by R. G. Dun & Co. that "a heavy wholesale business
has been done in dry goods, but the question is now
whether retail distribution will justify it. As yet re
turns are not satisfactory; there is an increase, but
not enough to warrant the buvine from mills."
The boot and shoe industry is another instance.
Some works are running half time and others are
closing altogether, because prices are higher than the
retailers (i. c., the public) are willing to pay. In the
iron trade new business is reported by the Iron Age
as "frightfully small." simply because buyers are more
and more convinced that the present high prices will
not last. Indeed, some weakness was apparent sev
eral weeks ago, and some lines declined slightly.
Hardware is the only branch of the iron and steel
. .....
trade to show any particular strength at the moment.
The cotton trade, like the iron trade, is active, but on
oid orders, new business being small. Rather mort
inquiry for raw wool is reported.
The lull in manufacturing industries is reflected in
Wall street, where many industrial stocks have lately
declined, liquidation in steel stocks having been a
prominent feature. On the other hand, some of the
railway stocks are doing better under larger sales.
Firmness of money in London and easiness in New
York is turning some gold from the latter to the
former market, and a shipment was made to Buenos
Ayres on European account last week.
General trade seems to be better here than in the
East. The Alaskan gold fields and Government or
ders keep certain lines of produce active in the local
market, and the Spanish war and the discovery of
gold up north seem to have been godsends to San
Francisco. Certainly the town has grown remark
ably in business, if not in population, since Dewey
destroyed the Spanish fleet in Manila Bay. It is
net the same town. It is livelier, larger and more
bustling; its streets and wharves, are more crowded,
and it never looked so much like a large city as it
does to-day.
The crop situation has undergone considerable
modification during the past week. Late rains have
benefited grain and vegetable crops, late frosts have
done more or less damage to orchard fruits an^ a
i'ood deal of mischief to grapes. Of fruits, peaches
nrc the leading sufferers, with apricots a close second,
>.vhile cherries, prunes and pears do not appear to
have been hurt much except in spots. However, it is
generally admitted that the fruit crop of the State
will not be as enormous as expected a month ago, and
it is probably a good thing. There will be fruit
enough.
WORSHIPS AND SEAMEN
ONLY a short time ago the Naval Committee
reported to the House of Representatives a
bill appropriating for the navy $61,000,000,
of which sum $28,350,000 is to be employed in
the construction of new ships, exclusive of ar
mor and armament. Now there comes a report
that the Navy Department is under the neces
sity of ordering the United States cruiser De
troit to the Portsmouth navy yard, New Hamp
shire, to go out of commission. In addition to this
orders have been prepared to put the Marblehead
out of commission at Mare Island, and telegraph or
ders have been sent to Admiral Watson to send the
gunboats Bennington and Concord, now at Manila,
to San Francisco, where they will also be put out of
commission. The big battleships Indiana and Mas
sachusetts, which have just been overhauled at the
New York navy yard, are to be sent to League Island
about the first of the month, to be laid up in ordinary
instead of being commissioned.
The reduction in the number of ships in commis
sion is said by the naval authorities to be due to a
lack of officers to take charge of them. Thus we are
told that for all of the four great guns in the double
turrets of the new battleship Kearsarge but one officer
could be spared, involving undue risk even in times
of peace. The Navigation Bureau is authority for
the statement that there are fully 160 vacancies in the
line of the navy, and the total number of officers is
really less than it was fifteen years ago, notwithstand
ing the great increase in the number of ships. The
projected shortening of the course at Annapolis pro
vided for in the impending naval bill would not sub
stantially relieve the situation in less than fifteen
years, so the officials are striving to find some method
for temporary relief, such, perhaps, as the graduation
of the Annapolis classes for the next two years one
year in advance of the usual time, or an authorization
for the immediate appointment to Annapolis of about
100 extra cadets.
We have, it appears, built up a navy faster than we
have supplied a force to make use of it. In the pro
gramme of the House bill it is purposed to construct
two seagoing battleships, three armored cruisers and
three protected cruisers. When they are completed
it will be necessary to put more ships out of commis
sion in order to supply officers for the new ones.
We shall thus have costly vessels rusting at their
moorings for lack of men to keep them in working
Under such circumstances it is clearly one of the
duties of American statesmanship to provide a way
for increasing the number of men available for naval
service, either as officers or as seamen. The plans
proposed for graduating cadets from Annapolis in
two years, or for adding to the number of cadets
there, may supply the officers immediately needed,
but nothing will ever give us an adequate naval
strength except the upbuilding of a merchant marine
which will fit thousands of young men for service at
sea. We can construct new ships more rapidly than
we can raise up trained seamen, and therefore the
merchant marine bill should accompany the naval ap
propriation bill as a part of a comprehensive plan for
establishing our prestige upon the- ocean.
TO CONCILIATE IRELAND.
A* CORRESPONDENT of the London Chron
icle, writing of the sentiment of the Irish peo
ple with regard to the visit of the Queen,
makes the very obvious point that if the visit "be lelt
to stand alone; if it be not followed up by wise and
conciliatory steps on the part of the English public
rather than the British Parliament, it will soon be
completely forgotten."
The writer commends the Queen's order for the
formation of a regiment of Irish guards, but claims
it must be regarded as an act of justice rather than
one of favor. ''For fifty years at least," he says, "one
fifth of the British army has been composed of Irish
men, but only eight foot regiments and four cavalry
regiments bear Irish names. It follows that more
than 30,000 Irish soldiers contribute to the reputation
of English and Scotch regiments. There are prob
ably not more than 6000 Scotch, by race, soldiers in
the British army, but they give their names to two
Guard, five Highland, one cavalry and two Lowland
regiments. There are consequently more Scotch regi
ments than Irish. Moreover, the popularity of their
names, the Gordons, the Camerons, Seaforths, etc.,
and the prominence given them in every campaign,
has produced an impression of military service far in
excess of the plain, simple truth. This would have
been very difficult if some Pitt had taken up the sub
ject of treating the Irish septs as he treated the Scotch
clans, and given the British army regiments desig
nated by the names of Kavanagh and O'Connor, Mac-
Mahon and O'Neill. The great part played by Irish
soldiers in English battles has, therefore, been an
unrecognized and unappreciated part, and for the
first time the public has been made acquainted with
the existence of an Irish brigade during the present
war in South Africa."
The establishment of a national regiment, composed
of three full battalions and having a strength of up
ward of 3000, officered by men of representative Irish
families, and intrusted with the permanent guard of
Dublin, but being at the same time attached to the
royal household guards, would, he says, have a strong
influence in promoting'a spirit of loyalty in Ireland;
but much more than that must be done to put an end
to the long antagonism which the Irish have felt
toward the empire. Military glory and court
pageantry can never make up for a lack of justice and
the absence of efforts to promote the material wel
fare of the people.
The Queen's visit and the establishment of a regi
ment of Irish guards will avail little, therefore, unless
they be supported by a comprehensive conciliatory
policy. Thus the writer says: "We must take a peo
ple as we find them if we wish to gain their good will
and esteem. It is no use investing the Irish with
qualities they do not possess, or expecting from them
the phlegmatic action of colder races. They have a
capacity for silent suffering and for relentless recol
lection of a grievance of which no other race seems
capable, but the task of removing the causes is not
beyond the means, while it is well worthy of the ends,
of English statesmen."
Whether the statesman equal to the task of, doing
justice to Ireland will come into power in time to
profit by the admiration which the skill of Lord Rob
erts and the valor of Irish officers and troops have
excited among the English people remains to be seen.
The time is certainly propitious to the adoption of a
just policy in dealing with Irish questions. The Lib
erals in England, remembering the teachings of Glad
stone, are evidently favorable to home rule at this
time, but they are not in power. It is. for Salisbury
to act. and upon his action will it depend whether the
Queen's visit becomes memorable as the mark of the
beginning of a new era for the United Kingdom or
be forgotten as a passing pageant of the time.
bort r>. Ward, a man almost young
enough to be her son. They have lived
very happily together, and have collabor
ated in effective literary work.
Georgp Eliot was approaching 61 when,
attired in bridal white and oranse blos-
Foms, she became the wife of Mr. Cross.
who was 32. Her romantic attachment t->
Mr. Lewes, to whom she was never mar
ried, had kept alive for years her eapaotty
for tender affection. Only after Mr.
Lewes' death would she consent to marry.
With the exception of the Baroness
Coutts. all these examples cited have been
women of literary or artistic tempera
ment.
The rank and tile of British matrons an
maids remain faithful to the code of thel
revered ancestors. But in this breez
country of our pride and independence w
have temperament, it would appear, wltr
out especial talent or artistic bent.
Mrs. Mark Hopkins
and young Mr. Searles
happy union of Dr. Ashton Ta
bot. aged about 24. with Mrs. Caliai
PhelDs. who wa3 73. is a case
point; also the satisfactory marriage
of Mr. Charles F. Reglid and Mrs. Adcle
Ronalds, the lady nearly 80 and the bride
groom 27.
Mrs. Frank Leslie married William
Wilde, a man much her junior. Mrs.
Florence, "Billy" Florence's widow, se
lected a young man not much more than
half her own years in her third matri
monial venture.
In Boston— staid and proper Boston-
Mrs. Frances Higginson, a social leader
and a matron of i). a few years ago
astounded a continent and fairly stunned
Back Bay and Beacon street by eloping
with her son's college chum, young James
W. Smith, who was about 24, and whom
she haa since married — and a happy mar
riage at that, according to the people wh >
constantly see the Smiths at their villa
at Mentone, not so very far from the
scene of Mrs. Burnett-Townsend's honey
moon.
Then theTe was Mrs. Mark Hopkin3, the
widow of the California millionaire, wh->
at 73 married K. F. Searles. a genial
architect and decorator. In his forties,
who had been employed upon her country
house in Great Barrlngton.
Professor Richard Hovey, whose death,
recently recorded, is a distinct loss to
literature, married Mrs. Henrietta Rus
sell, a lady certainly twenty years hia
senior. And the Hovey marriage might
also be called ideal.
In our smartest set we find the superior
ity of age on the wife's side. Cornelius
Vanderbilt Jr. married at 21. His bride.
Miss Grace Wilson, is much his senior.
WUllam K. Vanderbilt Jr. is several years
younger than his wife, who was Virginia
Fair.
And as who should say, "I am not done
with pranks, yet my masters," thero
comes from wanton Cupid well-founded
rumors that Lady Randolph Churchill is
positively to marry Lieutenant Cornwalli.-*
West, a young Guardman. not quote her
eldest son's age; and. again from Boston
— revered and austere Boston — a statement
that Mrs. Jack Gardner, the charmint:
and eccentric leader of fashion, will
espouse as a second husband one other
than Master George Proctor, a youth in
whom she became interested when he wa.<
a member of a boys' church choir.
Love is declared, by those who should
know, to be blind. It is unfortunate,
such being the case, to be able, as an
honest chronicler, to add that in every
one of the alliances here recorded or sug
gested, love has losi nothing by his un
toward affection. All the ladies in tha
case have large bank accounts.
two people— both eminent, both respected
and successful in public life in different
fields— had, for reasons of temperament,
agreed to separate.
Mrs. Burnett's acquaintance with the
gentleman whom she has recently mar
ried began just before the death of her
son Lionel, the original of Lord Kauntle
roy. Later Mr. Townsend and Mrs. Bur
nett collaborated in the dramatization of
"A Lady of Quality." Their marriage
was celebrated quietly In Genoa, Italy.
Lillian Langtry
and Hugo de Bathe
/¦J'HE young may laugh at the Indian
aJ summer romance of a woman admit
**^ tedly far past the "forty-year" term,
which is the period the French have
fixed for the opening of the great gulf be
yond which love may not pass.
But "La femme a quarante ans" is a
woman of the old regime. There are in
controvertible proofs that neither ro
mance nor happiness nor -mental youth
nor physical beauty is a Question of years,
and the modern woman has proved that
she is only as old as she looks, and that
she can be passionately loved and can
physically carry away the beauty prizes
long after her maturity.
Mrs. Langtry, at fifty, according to the
church baptismal records of the Island of
Jersey, where she was born, became, a
few months ago. the bride of Hugo de
Bathe, aged 27. Persons who know them
say the marrlaare was a love match. In
any case, Mr. de Bathe is one of the
handsomest and most agreeable young
men of London's smart set.
Less recently Mme. Adelina Pattl, whose
age is about 56, married Baron Ceder
strom. who was desperately in love with
the lady, and who will not enter his thir
ties for several years yet.
The marriage of Robert Louis Steven
pon to Mrs. Samirel Osborne, a lady with
grown-up children, was one of ideal hap
piness, and here again the wife was many
years her husband's senior.
Baroness Burdett-Coutts
and Her Private Secretary
recent and lamentable death of
g^J G. W. Steevens, the war correspond
**^ ent. who succumbed to typhus fever
in South Africa, recalled his one ro
mantic love affair. The lady of his heart
became his wife when Steevens was in his
twenty-sixth year and she had passed
her sixtieth birthday. Incomprehensible
as it may appear to some, the Steevens'
married life was one of unalloyed happi
ness.
Baroness Burdett Coutts was over 60
when she created a sensation in the homes
of the respectable British matrons by an
nouncing her intended marriage with Ash
mead' Bartlett, her. private secretary, a
penniless young man in his twenties. Yet
in the score of years which have succeed
ed that amazing marriage there has never
been a whisper of aught but devotion and
confidence between the pair, and Mr.
Bartlett has, by his ability, become a con
siderable figure in British politics.
Mmc. de Stael. the literary genius of
France in the early part of the century,
not exactly a prototype of Mrs. Burnett,
perhaps, when she secretly married De
Rocca. was almost twice the romantic
young officer's age.
Lili Lehmann, Lillian Jsordica and
Clara Louise Kellogg are all years older
than their husbands and all happily mar
ried.
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps married Her-
LOVE AND ART SEEM BLIND TO AGE
rHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL., MONDAY, APRIL, IG. 190(
rollers' at home; but to go back looking like Weary
Willies is too much for them, and the result is that they
have continued to hibernate here through two or
three long and dreary winters, and when the spring
time or fall work time had come made no effort to
tetter their conditions. The rustling qualities attrib
uted to them at home had not the necessary staying
ingredients, with the result that the first reverse
knocked them out for good. There are hundreds of just
such men as are described above in Dawson to-day,
and here they will remain, perhaps, until the district
has been practically worked out, at which time they
will have only what they have now, to wit., the pride
that keeps them from going back to the old home
penniless."
Among the miners a deep dissatisfaction prevails
with the Canadian mining laws and the Canadian of
ficials. The laws appear to be unjust, and the manner
of their enforcement is in many cases vorse. So
much has been said about corruption in American
official life, as compared with that of Great Britain
and British colonies, that it is worth noting, in this
connecton, that while Canadian officials have rendered
themselves liable to grave suspicions of corruption
and have given rise to discontent, the administration
in Alaska on the American side of the line has been
in every way satisfactory. Major Ray has performed
a difficult duty in a manner. which has won universal
commendation, and, by contrast with the course of so
many of the Canadian officers, his success is not only
creditable to himself but honors the Government he
serves.
vttre -t^ggi^^ (Smu
MONDAY APRIL 16, 1900
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE. Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .Market and Third. S. F.
Telephone Main JB<M.
EDITORIAL. n00M5....71T to 221 SteveßiOß St.
Telephone Main 1V74.1 V 74.
Delivered l»y Carrier*. 15 Cent" Per Week.
Mnrle Coplen. S Cento.
Ternm by Mall. Inoladinir Poataorei
TAILT CALL (including Sunday), one year M.nn
XVAir/T CALL. (Including Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAIL.T CALX. (Including Sunday). 3 month* 1.80
HAILT CALL— By Slr.ple Month We
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1-00
All postmaster* are antborited to receive
subscriptions.
Sample eople* will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLASD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Birlding, Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
-^—^—^^—^
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK KEPRESEXTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; V. O. New« Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
FYemont lloutw; Auditorium Hotel.
NETV YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Bcuare: ,
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICS Wellington Hotel
MORTON E. CRANE, Correspondent
DX AXCH OFFICES — EZ7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, opec
until 8:30 o'clock. TOO Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. «3»
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 015 I.arkln. open until
0:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22«1
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until b o'clock. 1090
Valencia, open until » o'clock. 1W Eleventh, open until
I* o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky.
c[»n until 9 o'clock.
4
NAVT.
s 1 .-;? ,;
f I III: II
I g •5 fa i S
i § i I is
C M
f|
British 12 50 850 2600'j3.C20 €60.4
French 12 45.9 643.8 2625 30.750 6«9. 9
United States 12 52 S5O 2Sno 45.2«!559.3
British 9.2 27 330 2600 17.810(660
French 9.45 22.4 317.6 2625 15.170 876.2
British 6 7.4 10 0 2642 4, 840 854.1
*rench g.4g t.gp 99.2 2C5| 4.730|656.5
NAVT.
s 1 .-;? ,;
f I III: II
I g •5 fa i S
i § i I is
C M
f|
British 12 50 850 2600'j3.C20 €60.4
French 12 45.9 643.8 2625 30.750 6«9. 9
United States 12 52 S5O 2Sno 45.2«!559.3
British 9.2 27 330 2600 17.810(660
French 9.45 22.4 317.6 2625 15.170 876.2
British 6 7.4 10 0 2642 4, 840 854.1
*rench g.4g t.gp 99.2 2C5| 4.730|656.5WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
SIXTH MEETING. April 9 to 20. Inclusive
Six high-class running races every week dar
rain or shine, beginning at 1:30 p. m.
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons ftep directly from the railroad cars Into
a superb grand stand, glass-inclosed, where
comfortably housed in bad weather, they oan
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
10:00. 10:40 and U:SO a. m. and 12:15. 12:35,' IJ-50
and 1:25 p. m.. returning immediately after
last race at 4:45 p. m. Seats In rear cars re-
served for women and their escorts. No amok-
Ing. Valencia street. 10 minutes later.
San Jose and Way Stations— Arrive at San
Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave. Ban Bruno at 4-00
and 4:45 p. m. -
RATES— San Francisco to Tanforan and re-
turn. Including admission to track. $1.25.
W. J. MARTIN. President.
F. XL GREEN, Secretary and Manager.
Will Study the Mother Lode.
JAMESTOWN, April 15.— Professor An
drew C. Lawson of the University of Cali
fornia and twenty-four students, members
of the senior mining class, reached here
this afternoon. <¦ The party will remain at
the Hotel Nevllls overnight and in the
morning leave afoot on a journey along
the mother lode through the counties of
Tuolumne, Calaveras and Amador. They
will make a study of the geological for
mations of the section traversed, passing
through Angels, Mokelumne Hill and
Jackson to Sutter Creek, which they ex
pect to reach In five days. A large crowd
met them at the station here. Carriages
were in waiting and they were driven to
all local 'points .of Interest.
Cameroon Revolt Dying Out.
BERLIN, April 15.— According to official
reports from .the' Cameroons the revolt
there. is; dying. out and. orderly conditions
are being resumed. This is understood to
be largely due to the good offices of Amer
ican missionaries, who have acted as in
termediaries In negotiations for a peace
ful settlement with the Bull chief.
PRAISES THE SCHEME OF
THE "CALL'S HOME STUDY"
Editor of The Call: Your scheme for home
study is certainly praiseworthy. The daily
press has the greatest opportunity^ the world
has ever offered to any
agency for stimulating f £
people in all homes to I 0 J
careful study and { ji§tl >; *f|rk t
thoughtful research. I M^ *
When Athens reached a <j> Jp|f |
point where its people T iMii ;^To^^^^Sik ?
were only anxious for J fffff^ W^MWO§& M I
the news the city was tfiffM **^i ' [$*%§?hf > ;
doomed, and the power t #»| J^-^ . ;* V M ?
of its great thinkers i f^W^ "\t i#/-J
and writers was lost. v • *i^^ ?
A similar danger con_ J w^*'^ %^!(s*w
fronts* our people now; | -,'S^^^^ I
the minds of the peo- t «*^£>^3J^ ?
pie are. kept on contin- t
ual tension by start- I rev. GEORuri c. adams. t
ling headlines that do ©-?- < ?>~»-a-*-<8>-»-<»-«-«$.-«-<»-»-<$.-»-©
not agree with the text that follows*, .the re
sult the growth of the spirit of insincerity
and the longing for the startling and the evan
escent. Give us something to think and talk
about that has to do with eternal principles,
and you will confer an inestimable blessing en
that portion of mankind who read your papsr.
Stimulate the people to research ar.d deep,
helpful thought, and in the end they will bless
you. Cordially yours, GEO. C. ADANS.
San Francisco, March 28, 1900.
4 QUART BOTTLES $3.20.
Express charge* prepaid.
Highest grade for Medicinal or Family use.
We give you the benefit of the middlemen's
profit, besldea you are guaranteed the oust-
talnty of
PURE WHISKEY.
Nothing on case to Indicate contents.
Money refunded If not satisfactory.
Reference, any bu«ine» firm and commercial
agencies.
F?. EPHRAIM Sc CO..
Distillers* Agents.
18 Montgomery street, Ban Francisco, Cat
E7Twlc« the price could buy no better.
f^ OPERA
PHONE MAIN HC2.
GLORIOUP TRIUMPH OF OUR NEW YORK
EXTRAVAGANZA COMPANY.
Cheered. Encored and Applauded to the Echo.
BY AN ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE That
Filled the Immense Theater.
EVERY EVENING!
AN ARABIAN GIRL
Or ALI BABA AND THE M THIEVES.
The Greatest Extravapanza Production Ever
Witnessed in This City.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra. Saturday and
Sunday Matinee. Z*.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
AB&ftSW?
Every Nirht at 8 o'clock.
3D WEEK aho
CONTINUED SUCCESS!
SCEVER BEFORE FUCH A i-V '— :SS AT THE
alcaz/i:.
R*?ervtd Seat? Six Ds>s in Advance.
PRICES— ISc, 2dc. 35c, 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
AM I A WIZ? COME AND SEE !
WELL. WOULDN'T THAT BUMP YOU!!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Gorgeous Production of Frank Daniels' Superb
Comic Oi«ra,
"THE
WIZARD
BETTER THAN "THE IDOL'S ETE."
ALL THE FAVORITES WILL APPEAR:!
ENLARGED CHORUS. ORCHESTRA AND
BALLET'. 1 .
BRILLIANT COSTUMES. SCENERY AND
EVENINGS at 8. MATINEE SATURDAY at 2.
Popular Prices - - 25c and 50c.
TELEPHONE BUSH 9.
AGAIN CROWDED
A TO THE
CRUSH DOORS!
MR. JAMES NEILL
AND HIS MAGNIFICENT ORGANIZATION.
Presenting Sol Smith Russell's Delightful
Comedy.
A BACHELOR'i ROMANCE
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
THURSDAY
Two Matine:s And
SATURDAY
Thief Dropped His Booty.
Shortly before midnight Saturday night
Policeman Craig saw a bicyclist riding
along Golden Gate avenue with a sack at
tached to his wheel. The officer was sus
picious and ordered him to stop. The bi
cyclist dropped the sack and disappeared.
Craig examined the contents and found
twenty-three valuable pigeons— carriers,
pouters and fantalls. They " had been
British Ship Annie Thomas
Practically Griv,en Up
as Lost.
She Is Now Out 260 Days From Car
diff and It Is Feared That Her
Cargo of Coal Took
Fire.
The gamblers In reinsurance are getting
very much afrala of the chances they
have taken on the British ship Annie
Thomas. She Is now out 260 days from
Cardiff with a load of coal for Acapulco,
and so little do the underwriters think
of her chances of ever reaching port that
they are offering 93 per cent to reinsure
hull and cargo. Captain Meredith is well
known to the San Francisco shipping fra
ternity as a very careful and skillful navi
gator, while the Annie Thomas has al
ways been classed as one of the slowest
¦hips afloat. On that account quite a num
ber of people in this port have taken
chances on the overdue, and should she
arrive there will be much rejoicing on the
water front.
The Annie Thomas left Cardiff on July
29, and when S2 days out she had not
rounded the Horn. On that occasion she
was In latitude 67 degrees 25 minutes
south, longitude 70 degrees 30 minutes
west, and was reported with the loss of
her fore topmast. This was in October,
and during all of that month particularly
heavy weather was experienced off the
Horn. At one time there were over a
dozen disabled vessels in Port Stanley and
two of them have not yet reached port.
One of them, the Blackbraes, is now due
any day, while the other, the Musselcrag,
came by the way of Cape Hope and had
to put into Sydney, N. S. W., in distress.
The general supposition along the front
Is that the Annie Thomas was caught in
the October storms off the Horn and be
ing unable to make any headway Cap
tain Meredith made for the Cape of Good
Hope. That must have been 170 days ago
and the vessel has had ample time to
make port. Still she may be lying be
calmed in the Gulf of Panama, and In
that chance the gamblers take refuge.
Captain Meredith was last here in the
British ship Dominion. He left here to get
married and a new master sailed the ship
to Honolulu with a cargo of coal. From
Honolulu the Dominion sailed for Puget
Sound In ballast, and It is only now that
portions of her wreckage are beginning to
be picked up on Vancouver Island. The
captain and crew have never been heard
from since they left Hawaii.
After his honeymoon Captain Meredith
Joined the Annie Thomas and started on
this last ill-fated cruise.
Water Front Notes.
The whaling bark John and Winthrop
got away to sea again yesterday. She
started for Cape Nome with passengers
and cargo, but had to put back because
the deckload was too heavy and made
the vessel cranky. The deckload was re
moved and the vessel got away again as
quickly as possible.
The new schooner Churchill arrived
from Coos Bay yesterday. She was orig
inally built for a syndicate, but they ob
jected to the manner of her construction,
so A. M. Simpson took the cratt off their
hands. The Churchill will now run in the
coast lumber trade.
The battleship lowa and the French
cruiser Protet were both open to the pub
lic yesterday. Petersen's launches carried
a big crowd of people, the fact that both
vessels could be visited for one fare being
a great inducement to people to make the
trip. -: ; "-•¦:¦
j "d tl
A whole floor devoted
to chairs, for the parlor,
the dining-room and the
library.
And when you have || <3^i|i \'%M%
secured your chairs /f^f^^J^V \^M 11
we would like to M^S^^^P^
show you what a T^^^^^-.t^/^
big house that h^ -^^S^^^^^vjg^
makes a specialty 't^^^^^^^^^^^
, of carpets can do j
\ in the way of pleasing you as regards handsome S
patterns and low prices.
INDIANAPOLIS FURNITURE CO.
750 Mission Street, San Francisco.
bill were also to be "removable at pleas
ure." The principle of "rotation in of
fice" was thus introduced into Federal
politics. The evil tendency of the bill was
unperceived by most, but to Jefferson
and Madison and Calhoun It was clear.
The latter declared it "one of the most
dangerous ever passed" and destined to
work a revolution. How the new meth
ods quickly deadened the moral sensibili
ties and undermined the political integ
rity of large numbers of the people we
have since learned at bitter ccst.
The Slavery Question.
"When the constitution was adopted
there was no sectional division of opinion
respecting slavery. Every Southern mem
ber of Congress voted for the ordinance
of J7S7. which forever forbade slavery in
the Northwest Territory. Efforts to abol
ish the iniquitous foreign slave trade were
not confined to the North; before its final
prohibition in ISOS nearly every State hacl
passed laws, against it. Abolition socie
ties were found clurinpr the early- years
of the century In the States as far south
as Virginia. The American Colonization
Society, organized in ISI6. was composed
of Southern slaveholders, along with
Northern abolitionists. There was al
ways, even down to the Civil War, a large
Southern white population which neltht-r
owned slaves nor favored slavery. The
institution was found unprofitable In the
North, and gradually disappeared. Many
believed that, left to itself, it would fol
low the same course in the South when
the ocean traffic in slaves should have
been suppressed. There was a disposition
to regard the evil as temporary and to
treat it with leniency. As new States en
tered the Union the spirit of mutual con
cession which had created the constitu
tion led tr> a tacit understanding that th»
existing "balance" between slave and free
territory should b* recnpnlzed and re
garded. Vermont and Kentucky. Indiana
and Mississippi, came in together.
But when Missouri in is:o asked to be
admitted, bringing slavery with her. It
was at once clear that the country was
sharply divided in respect to further ex
tension of the Institution, and especially
In respect to its recognition in the new-
Federal territory of the Louisiana pur
chase. It had in the meantime become
strongly intrenched in the cotton States,
as necessary to the culture of that im
portant crop, and the planters were
reaching out after more land. Any inter
ference with their Internal affairs they
regarded as a violation of the constitu
tional rights of the States. An acrid and
angry debate took place in Congress. A
House amendment prohibiting slavery in
the new State was voted down in the
Senate. The bill was lost, only to come
up again in the next Congress. Much bit
ter feeling was roused by the hot discus
sion which spread through many States.
Harsh charger, and mutual recriminations
were made. The South was overbearing
and Insolent, the Xcrth was bigoted and
Intolerant. It seemed at the time most
fortunate that a compromise measure,
warmly supported by the great Influence
of Henry Clay, averted the serious strife
which threatened. Maine was now ready
for Statehood. She was admitted as a
free State. Missouri came- in with slav
ery, but the bill Included a prohibition of
slavery in the remainder of the Louisiana
purchase north of the southern boundary
of Missouri, latitude 26 degrees 30 min
utes.
The Missouri compromise postponed for
a generation the great struggle with slav
ery, but wise men knew that it was a
postponement only, and that the act di
vided the country into opposing sections
ruled by conflicting and irreconcilable
principles. . Jefferson wrote April 22. 1S20:
This momentous question. Hk» a flrf> bell In
the nipht. awakened and filled me with tprrnr.
I considered it at onc^ as the knell of the
union. It la hu«he<l. indeed, for the moment,
but thi9 Is a reprieve not a final s*n
tencA A jreosrapnlr-il line. coinoMinsr with a
marked principle, moral and t>olitical. once
conceived and h<?H up to the an«?ry r>asslon<?
of men. will never he oblitoratfd. and every
new irritation will mfirk It deeper anj deeper.
The Election of 1824.
The campaign of 1524 has been called by
a discriminating writer one of the mist
Interesting in our history. It is certainly
a matter of great interest to know how
men will act when, without party organi
zations for focalizing political sentiment,
in the absence of great question* upon,
which persons must inevitably differ, and
under a constitution such a.s ours, they
are called upon to choose a responsible
head for a powerful state.
During the years of good feeling men
had congratulated themselves upon the
passing away of party strife and the
gathering of all In peace and harmony
within the Republican fold. But thvre
was never real harmony amonsj the po
litical leaders who sought place and
power. Party lines being effaced and po
litical principles not In dispute, men
ranged themselves under the personal
leadership of favorites and were known
by their names— "Adams men." "Cay
men," "Jackson men." Politics became a
contest between persons, rot principles.
As we have previously seen, the old
nominating machinery — the Concessional
caucus— was just expiring, making In its
last throes a spasmodic effort in favor of
Crawford. Nothing had been accepted in
its place, and Presidential candidates for
this campaign were announced in various
irregular ways, here and there, for some
two years before the election took place.
Niles' Register tells us that in I<C2 thero
were sixteen or seventeen candidates.
Only four, however— Clay. Crawfnrrt.
Adams and Jackson— finally received elec
toral votes, and no one obtained a ma
jority, though Jackson received a plural
ity of the popular and electoral vote,
while Calhoun. by an overwhelming ma
jority, was elected Vice President. The
House of Representatives was a second
time called upon to choose a President.
Clay, being fourth on the list, could not.
according to »the constitution, be voted
for.- and his electoral votes were given to
John Qulncy Adams, who thus became the
sixth President of the United States.
The peaceful period of Monroe's incum
bency was now followed by an adminis
tration full of troubled and stormy ex
periences. There was nc longer a lack of
questions for which it was worth while to
enter into party struggles. It soon ap
peared that the quiet era had brought
forth a plentiful crop and that new politi
cal sortings and adjustments were fast
gathering the national forces into oppos
ing parties.
IV. THE ERA OF GOOD FEELING.
(Continued.)
BY JESSE MACY, LL. D.
The Tariff.
The very first Congress of the United
States, which met In 1759. brought for
ward bills for the taxation of imports in
order to create a national revenue". The
discussion which preceded the passage of
a tariff act showed a difference of opinion
among the legislators in respect to the
wisdom of Imposing duties for the purpose
of protecting home industries, but neither
then nor till years after was the question
raised of the constitutional right of the
Federal Government to impose protective
duties. It was the universal practice of
the nations thus to protect their own pro
ducers. Our first tariff act, though a
revenue and not a protective tariff, rec
ognized the principle of protection in its
preamble. Hamilton and Jefferson held
similar views. There was no party di
vision upon the subject. The industries
of the new state, aside from ship-buiMlng
and transportation, were almost wholly
agricultural or crudely mechanic and the
products of the Boil paid for the manufac
tured goods which were Imported. With
the war of 1812 new conditions arose. The
various restrictive acts put in force led
to the ruin of American commerce. Manu
factures were established to supply th«
goods which could no longer be readily
imported from foreign countries. The
duties upon Imports were doubled and un
der the stimulus thus afforded manufac
tures sprang up with great rapidity. The
close of the war and the removal of re
strictions upon trade threatened the new
enterprises with serious loss or ruin and
the tariff act of ISI6, providing for an in
crease of duties, was in- a measure a con
cession to their needs, though it was more
particularly designed to provide for the
heavy expenses of the war. After the
financial crisis of ISI9 a definite movement
arose in favor of Federal aid to manufac
tures, which would promote a desirable
diversification of industries, the revival of
business throughout the States and a rise
in the price of land and its products. Un
der the pressure of popular clamor Con
gress passed the tariff bill of 1524, which
marks the adoption of a positive protec
tive policy. The duties upon textile
fabrics were raised, as desired by New
England manufacturers, and upon iron,
lead wool and other articles produced
chiefly in the Middle and Western States.
The leading statesmen, irrespective of
party affiliations, favored the measure.
Party lines were drawn, as parties began
to rise out of the chaos of the period,
without reference to tariff questions.
Favorable results seemed to follow al
most Immediately upon the legislation of
1524. Trade revived and a tide of prosper
ity appeared to set in. If protection had
thus been proved good, would not more
protection be better? Manufacturers of
woolen goods had not received their fair
share of the increase of duty in 1524 and
they demanded higher rates. It began to
appear that sectional interests were deep
ly involved in the details of tariff legis
lation. Strong opposition to protection
grew up in the South and seltish greed
everywhere besieged Congress for action
favorable to its own business and its own
locality. Great pressure was brought to
bear upon public men, and as the Presi
dential campaign of IS2B drew on it be
came apparent that the tariff was to en
ter prominently Into party politics.
Origin of the Spoils System.
That political theory • which maintains
the right of a successful party or faction
to use its power of appointment to and
removal from office to iurther selfish in
dividual or party interests, while the pub
lic welfare and the qualifications of can
didates become subordinate, has come to
be tersely named "the spoils system."
A President naturally gathers round
him as counselors and aids in carrying
out his official policy those who sympa
thize with that policy. He selects his
Cabinet members and appoints the Min
isters who will represent his administra
tion before foreign powers from those
holding political views similar to his
own. But there are many thousands of
inferior officers in the civil service who
have to do with the details of the execu
tive work of the great business of the
national Government. They carry out.
under instructions from their superiors,
the measures determined upon by the
responsible persons In the Government,
but are not in the slightest degree con
corned with the administrative policy It
self. It is of no consequence whatever
what- may be the political opinions of the
thousands of Custom-house officers, light
house keepers, postmasters, etc.. with
their innumerable subordinates, so long
as they are competent to perform the du
ties of their positions. They represent no
one and have no political responsibility
for their acts. There is no valid reason
for removing a Democratic postmaster or
clerk in the Treasury, for instance, to
make room for a Republican postmaster
or clerk when a Republican President la
sworn in. On the contrary", it is extreme
ly probable that the experienced official
is better qualified for his place than is
any raw hand. The rewarding of politi
cal party services by appointment to lu
crative office and the holding out the
hope of such reward as Inducement to
partisan effort have brought into Ameri
can politics such a train of evils as to
threaten the survival of our free Institu
tions.
For forty years no President was guilty
of basely prostituting his appointive pow
er to party purposes. Jefferson was ac
cused of having made partisan removals,
but the charge is not sustained. But
throughout Jackson's two terms of office
the civil service was openly made a party
engine under his avowed principle— "To
the victors belong the spoils."
The way had been prepared by the
passage in IS2O of a bill drawn by Craw
ford, then Secretary of the Treasury and
a candidate for the Presidency, limiting
the term of a large number of interior
officials to four years. Before this the
term had not been fixed, and the object
of the new law clearly was to increase
the patronage to be disposed of. while its
immediate purpose was to gain votes for
Crawford. The officers mentioned in the
DEATH CLAIMS
ONE MORE OF
THE PIONEERS
Hippolite Dutard, Commis
sion Merchant, Passes
Away.
He Came to This City in 1849 "With
His Father, Who Established
the Business to Which
the Son Succeeded.
» ¦ ¦
Another member of the pioneer band
who helped to build up this city ? in early
days was summoned by death yesterday
morning, when Hippolite Dutard, one of
San Francisco's best-known commission,
merchants, succumbed to a disease with
which he had been afflicted,, during the
past ten weeks. The end came rather un
expectedly. Mr. Dutard's death was
peaceful, his sorrowing wife and several
relatives being present at his bedside.
Mr. Dutard was 67 years of age at the
time of his death. Previous to his last
illness he had enjoyed excellent health,
having experienced only slight attacks of
rheumatism. He was laid low by Bright's
disease. He had been confined to his bed
for the past ten days.
Mr. Dutard was born in Valparaiso,
Chile, in 1543, and cam© to this city in
1849 with his father, Bernard Dutard, who
established in 1552 the business which
rapidly assumed its present large pro
portions, and to which the son finally suc
ceeded. He was a member of the Cali
fornia Pioneers. Pacific Union Club, Pro
duce Exchange, Merchants' Association
and other representative bodies ,of this
city. Besides his wife Mr. Dutard
leaves a sister and two nephews, Leonce
and Walter Sheldon, who were identified
with their uncle's business at the corner
of Sacramento and Davis streets.
The funeral will take place from the
family residence. 2113 Pacific avenue, to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock. The fu
neral ceremonies will be brief and the in
terment will be at the Masonic Cemetery.
The pallbearers selected are J. K. C.
Hobbs. C. B. Stone, Thomas B. Bishop,
C. S. Laumeister, James Hogg, Dr. C. N.
Whitney. H. E. yon Hagen and William
Mayo Newhall.
Run Over by a Bicyclist.
Harold J. Fischer, a newsboy, while
Btanding at Market and Powell streets
yesterday morning, was knocked down
by a bicyclist and rendered unconscious.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
and speedily recovered. He escaped with
a bruised elbow. , The wheelman, K. s.
Krlstianson, was arrested' by Policeman
Kinch.and booked at the City Prison on
a charge of battery.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Liver. Bowels Kidneys. Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, Con-
stipation, Files and all derangements of: ths
Internal Viscera. 25c a box. At Druggists, or
by mall, BAD WAX ft CO.. New York
—"The American Porter"— possesses a mellow
flavor peculiarly its own and Is unlike any
other brew on the market, whether of foreign
or domestic production. E. G. Lyons Co.,
Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco. Cal.
CHUTES and ZOO
rVERY AFTERNOON AXD EVENIXO.
JONES. DAMS & HEARD; THE HEWITTS:
HANLON & SINGER; CLARENCE LIN-
DEN; DE CAMP & MURDOCK: EDWARD
ADAMS: MULLEN & WARD; NEW MOV-
Amatenr Night. Thursday.
Cakewalk Night, Saturday.
Order S^ats by Phone Tark 21
LECTURED ON LIFE
BEYOND THE GRAVE
Rev. B. Fay Mills Treats of the Prob
lem of Immortality at Metro
politan Temple. ',-_;
Rev. Benjamin Fay Mills lectured last
evening In Metropolitan Temple under
the auspices of the Sunday Lecture Asso
ciation. His subject was "The Problem
of Immortality." In part he said:
Let me give you two reasons why f believe
that man lives beyond the jrrave:
The first reason Is what I am so fond of say
iny, that I believe this is a rational order.
It is an Irrational order if men are made merely
to tarry on this planet for a little time and
then to fade forever.
Nearly all the founders of religions have
taußht Immortality. Almost all the scriptures
of all the nations teach Immortality. Almost all
tKe Breat philosophers and scientists believe In
the Individual immortality, of the soul. It is not
something that belongs to one people and is
shut away from other people; it is one of the
universal beliefs in the world.
I believe in future life because I am alive
now. As Immanuel Kant said: "The highest
Kood practically 1b only possible on the sup
position of the immortality of the soul." Think
that out, and you will say amen. Lotze, the
great philosopher, says: "That will last forever
which on account' of * its excellence and its
spirit must be an abiding- part of the universe:
what lacks that preserving worth will perish."
PISCHER'C
A CONCERT HOUSE hJ
122-124 O'FARRELL ST.
E. A. FISCHER /. Prop
GEORGE MOOSER :. Manager
The Handsomest Music Hall in America.
The Best Orchestra In the City.
OUR TIME TABLE:
NEW BILL TO-NICHT!
S.-00— AUGUST HINRICHS' SUPERB OR-
CHESTRA.
E:?ft— FHiNORINA PUERERL
*:::,— senoiuta salvini.
I:o7— baby ruth.
s:2s-mc;nohina pollettini.
s.zi— signorina barducci.
I<j:l7— l»i;ET— VARGAS and SALVINI.
10:24— BABY RUTH.
11:00 to 11:4J— ••CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA."
¦ K>c ADMISSION 10c
MATINEE TO-DAY. MATINEE TO-DAY.
BIRTHDAY BREAKFAST
TO UNCLE GEORGE
The eighty-third anniversary of "Un
cle" George T. Bromley's birthday was
celebrated in delightful fashion at the
Bohemian Club breakfast table yesterday.
Assembled at the table were: George T.
Bromley, Raphael Weill. Dr. Behr, Van
derlynn Stow, Henry Marshall, Dr. Ben
jamin Swan, Ed H. Hamilton, Sylvain
Weill, Alexander G. Hawes, Judge Henry
C Ide Verpiont; Henry K. Field, Dr. Ju
lius Rosenstirn, Dr. George -E. Goodfel
low, H. J. Brady, J. D. Maxwell, Hugh
M. Burke. Lucius H. Foote, Barry Cole
man, Ryland Wallace, S. D. Brastow,
Captain George E. Sage, U. S. A.; Joseph
N H. Irwin, George W. Granniss; Com
mander Reginald F. Nicholson, U. S. N.j
Louis Sloss Jr. and Captain Robert Howe
Fletcher.
Raphael Weill, under whose direction
the feast was spread, mastered the cere
monies in becoming Btyle. Uncle George
responded to numerous felicitations in
breezy verse, wherein he recalled some of
the joyful expressions of his parents when
they first gazed on his benign counte
nance, eighty-three years ago. Happy
allusion was made to his seventieth birth
day, which was celebrated thirteen years
ago in several of the chief seaports of the
Orient.
A round robin from a hundred rounders
of the Lambs' Club of New York was
produced. Tender of congratulation in
prose, blank verse and unique rhyme from
many writers and players pleased the
host and his company. Letters from Dr.
George Chismore, William Greer Harri
son. Albert Gerberding, Joseph D. Red
ding. "Cosey" Noble, Joseph R. Grlsmer,
Jennings S. Cox, Nat Goodwin and many
others .were read.
The health of the gentle lady who made
the coffee ¦ cake was pledged in cham
pagne. The health, likewise, of the lady
who presented Uncle George with a gold
en match-box was not overlooked. When
the orators were ready to be surprised by
unexpected' calls to speak Messrs. Brom
ley and Welll held a conference and de
cided to adjourn.
THE HIT OF HITS!
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC
VAUDEVILLE COMPANY
AND ORPHEUM STARS.
MARZELLA: GUTTANOS: FALKE: SER-
NON DUNCAN; BELLMAN: MOORE:
nOBHT OAYLOR: DE FOKRESTS: EMPIRE
COMEDY FOT-R: HANVEY: COOLEY;
WILBUR: FULLER; SI STEBBINS.
Reserved Peat?. C*c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chair* and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinee* Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
This Afternoon Promptly at 2:30
The Gr:tt Xntieil Ernt of th* Yeir 1
FIRST JOINT PERFORMANCE OF THE
TWO GREAT RUSSIANS.
PETSCHNIKOFF,
The Poet of the Violin.
HAMBOURG,
The Toung Siegfried of the Piano.
AIME LACHAUME,
Distinguished Composer and Pianist.
Assisted by 69 Musicians from the
SYMP GNY " He TRA.
A MARVELOUS PROGRAMME.
Reserved Seats 50c, $1, Jl 50
Second andllNAL WEEK.
Last 7 Nights and Matinee Saturday.
The Unprecedented Rush for Seats Continues.
THE BEST THAT'S COME THIS WAT IN A
LONG TIME
\A/Al. H. W/EST'S BIG
MINSTREL JUBILEE!
. NEW FEATURES THIS WEEK. ' r
Last Performance Takes Place Sunday.
sf»eci/\i- o^« oc» en» 7r« «4
F»RICES VW} 001, O\l\j) <t>o, (fl.
Next Monday— WAßD and YOKES.
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS
In Oi>er»tloii Dally. «2S Sixth Street.
BYRON JACKSON.
AMTJSEIIENTS.
CAPE NOME
MACHINERY and SUPPLIES.
AMUSEMENTS.
MISS O'NEIL DIES ON
HER WAY TO CHURCH
She Expires in the Arms of a Police
man, Who Caught Her as She
Was Falling.
Sarah O'Neil; while on her way .to St.
Charles Borromeo Church on Shotwell
and Eighteenth streets yesterday morn
ing, died suddenly on the sidewalk be
tween Fourteenth and Fifteenth streets
Miss O'Neil was in company with her
sister, Mrs. Murphy: when taken ill and
on the advice of her companion, was
about to return to her home at ISO 7 Mis
sion street, when she was met by Police
OiHcer M. J. Filben. who saw her stagger.
He went to her assistance just in time to
seize her as she was about to fall. She
died in the arms of the officer before med
ical aid could be sent for. The deceased
was 63 years of age and a native of Ire
land. ,--.-
AMERICAN POLITICAL PARTIES.
Copyright, 1900, b y Seymour Eaton.
APRIL SHOWERS
PROMISE WEALTH
TO THE MINERS
Water Courses Have Enough
Supply to Make Good
Season Sure.
News From the Mineral Counties
Abounds in Evidences of Good
Prospects forDelvers for
Hidden Treasure.
The rain of the past week has been an
additional circumstance to Inspire the
miners of the northern counties with
hope. The people of the south were not
so lucky, but advices are that the out
look for sufficient water is very good in
many localities. The majority of north
ern points will have a fair supply. From
Calaveras County comes word that there
Is a depth of eight feet of snow in Bear
Valley and that the heads of the streams
seem to have an abundance of water. The
Calaveras Prospect says that a solid body
of snow extends down ¦to Black Springs
and that on the summit, above Bloods,
It Is deeper and solidly packed. This is
the snow that fell early in the season and
one foot of it is worth fully five that falls
in March or April. Of course, there is no
radical change in the prospect for some
localities where the water has previously
been ¦ reported to be very low. The camp
in greatest need of water is Randsburg.
The people down there have not given up
the tight by any means. In fact, work
Is proceeding night and day on a new
well that has a supposefl capacity of 100,
000 gallons per day. A stone reservoir to
hold 100,000 gallons has just been - com
pleted by the managers of the Yellow As
ter and so confident are they that they
have a good well that they have let a
contract for a pipe line nine miles long
and a pumping plant, the whole to cost
$55,000.
Another sign of promise during the
week is the case with wnich the Califor
nia Water and Forest Association. ha 3
been able to raise about $10,000 to co-op
erate with the United States Government
and the two California universities In ex
ploiting the water supply of California.
It will be recollected that the aim of the
association is the storage of ihe Mood wa
ters for the use of the miners as well as
the agriculturists. The Government has
agreed to co-operate in the work of map
ping the country in the mountain regions
to ascertain the best sites for the stor
age reservoirs. The field work will soon
be observed by the interested miners.
William Thomas, who is at the head of
the Water and Forest Association, says
that one section will be surveyed at a
time and that when it is fully rounded up
any Intelligent person will be able to see
at a glance where the available storage
sites are. Some time In the future the
work of the association will play a large
figure in furnishing a reliable supply of
water when It is most needed by both the
miner and the farmer. The creation of
great reservoirs will also multiply the
available power that can be electrically
developed for the benefit of the miners.
The Senatorial bill giving aid for the
establishment and maintenance of mining
schools has been reported by the Senate
Committee on Mines and Mining in a
modified form. It now provides for an
annual appropriation of $10,000 for each
school of mines in connection with a State
college or university, the money to be de
rived from the sale of public lands, and
the amount to be increased until it
reaches $20,000 per annum. The Congress
men from the mining States and Terri
tories will undoubtedly work for the suc
cess of the measure, which was fathered
by Senator Chauncey Depew of New
York.
United States engineers and others fig
ure that in parts of California's foothills,
notably near the Forest Hill divide, in
Placer County, there are great gold
placers to be mined by the drift method,
the gold to be got out from under the
lava. The channels of the old rivers un
der this capping are supposed to be much
richer than the modern rivers and placers,
that yielded a thousand million dollars In
gold. This is because the channels of the
ancient rivers served as bedrock sluices
for untold ages before the disturbing lava
flows began.
The miners of San Gabriel Canyon have
organized under the name of the South
west Miners' Association Auxiliary No. 1.
The purpose was declared to be the unit
ing of all the mining interests of the
Southwest, including Arizona and New
Mexico, also to prepare . permanent
mineral exhibits, interest capital in min
ing enterprises, favor uniform and ade
quate laws to govern mining and mineral
claims and to encourage the development
of the mining industry In every legitimate
way. The following names of miners
were enrolled as members of Auxiliary
No. 1: F. C. Spence, George Gorman, G.
W. Flley. D. H. Beaty. S. F. de Voin, J.
A. Metcalfe, V. Metcalfe. James Neal, W.
S. Bridges, R. M. Follows, Evan Davis,
W. T. Heaton. G. M. Cake, W. G. Pot
ter, J. McCaslin, Jonas Murray, Charles
Hogan, J. D. Osborne, Jose Maria, James
Williams. James Everhardy, James Mc-
Grestln, V. M. Greever, T. B. Persinger,
Ben Heaton, Hayes Potter, Fred Thorp,
W. M. Potter. Marlon Herrln, A. A. Rus
sell, C. Rodriguez.
The Etna Advance says that mining
operations In Trinity and Siskiyou coun
ties have, in the main, settled lown to a
steady, solid basis. The mines are being
worked on assured lines and the season's
output will justify the general satisfaction
now felt.
In notices of forfeiture to joint owners
for non-payment of necessary annual as
sessment work upon unpatented mining
claims the notice must be published for
sfj days and the party so notified has 90
days after the last publication to pay up.
The copper mines of California are of
greater value to the wage-earners of the
coast than those yielding the precious
metals, as they require a larger number
of hands to work In the stones and around
the smelters. The extraordinary activity
at present in copper mining here Is con
sequently one of the best signs of the
times In California mining development.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1900.
Ladles', fine kid ties, worth $1 75, for. 73c
a pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market*
stolen, along with nine others, from the
yard of A. Repeold's residence, 1400 Golden
Gate avenue. Repsold called at the City
Prison yesterday and claimed his prop
erty.
FROM
SEA
AND
SHORE
SAND CENTRIFUGAL PUMPS:
1/ nf\i" ti & Drake Amalgamators, operat-
iVKV/VJli teg dally; 1 30-Hp. gasoline en-
gine cheap. 9 Stevenson. S. F.
CAPE NOME ENGINES.
FOUR more of thc»e small, light-weight Nome
engines have arrived from East: call soon.
Rlx Engineering and Supply Co., 519 Howard.
DPEDQINQ PUMPS.
Oil, Gasoline. Fteam Hoists. Centrifugal Pumps.
Enrinf»&Bolleri>. HendyMach.Wks.,4o Fremont.
EXPERIMENTAL MACHINERY & MODELS.
L. PETERSON. 544 A Mission. S. F.: communl-
eatlors from Inventors strictly confidential.
MARSH STEAM PUMPS
Fnpplr freth or salt water for elulc* boxea;
w«h or iow lifts. Slmcnd*. 33 Market st.
GOL> SEPARATOR.
Crclooe Gold Separator and Amalgamator in
dally operation. Wm. H. Birch & Co.. 133 Ist.
GOLD SEPARATOR.
MARSHALL Gold Saving Machine. 229 Fol-
*om "treet. Oriental Gas Engine Company.
GROCERIES 'ND PROVISIONS.
Outfits packed. IRVINE BROS.. 570 Howard,
308 Fourth, 1302 Polk and 1441 Stockton. S. F.
MATTESOVS SLUICE WASHER.
Long torn, riffles and carpet combined saves
placer gold. VAN WINKLE. 413 Market st.
• '.--Wd H LIQUORS-
WHISI^FV U CAHEN & BON.
W IllolVL. I 418 Sacramento.
OILS.
LtTBRICATINO Oil, Crude Otl and O«*olln».
ENSIGN * MeGUFFICK. 23 Spear St.. 8. r.
PLATES FOR SAVING GOLD.
Frhaezleln A Burrldge. 8 Hardl* Dlac*. off
Kearny. between Sutter and Bush street*.
F. W. BELL. Central Plating Works. Ssi Uli-
•ton st.. 8. F. Phone Jessie SOl.
PORTABLE HOUSES.
BURNHAM-STANDEFORD CO.. Washington
and Ist sU.. Oakland, or Builders' Ex.. S. T.
GASOLINE E!*aiNES.
HERCULES GAS ENGINE WORKS is filling
many orders for Nome. 141-143 First st., S. F.
ENGINES. BOILERS. ETC.
BAKER A HAMILTON, Engines and Holler*:
lowest prices on th* coast. Pin* * Davis iv.
FURS.
FTJR COATS AND ROBES FOR CAPE NOME.
ALBERT HOEFLICH, 116 Grant aye.
TENTS AND v OVERS.
NEVILLE & CO.. manufacturers, bags, taata.
covers. II and S3 California st.
CENTRAL PARK, Si eISK
TWO WEEKS. Beginning Saturday. April 14th,
GENTRY'S "g^
Trained Animal Show!
Larrer and Grander than Ever. Twice Its
former size. Three Hundred Elephants. Ponies,
Monkey* and Do X «. Giving positively the most
unique and novel exhibition . ever wltneeted
U .^ der^ Can , vas presenting the highest pos-
Qy&SSnSST?*™ l^ animal Intelligence. 75-
)Y£ NDE " FUL ACTS-75. More startling and
difficult than ever reformed by their human
prototypes in the yawdust arena. The fad of
the fashJonableß nnd an Instructive show for old
and youne. A most moral and refined enter-
tainment. The cleanest and best dressed ex-
hibition on tour. Admission-Children. 10c;
Adults. 25c. Performance at 3 o'clock after-
noon 8:30 night. See Grand Parad* at noon
e»«-b d»v Khnw rutn nr «hlno.
LOMITAS OIL COMPANY.
100,000 SHARES. J5 EACH.
Owns 160 acres of land In Coallnga Oil Dis-
trict, three miles north of Oil City; title.
United States patent.
Directors: G. E. BEACH, President: HOW-
ART) C. HOLMES. Vice President: C. A. CAN-
FIELD. J. A. FILLMORE. W. H. MARTIN.
A limited amount of stock on sale at $1 per
share.
For particulars call on or address
O. K.- CUSHING, Secretary,
Room 16. Xo. 104 Sutter st.. San Francisco, Cal.
D^PIERCES
MEDICAL " \'j
FOR THE
BLOOD, Li VER. LUNGS:
*
5
REV. GEORuri C. ADAMS.and during the services in the churches
with beautiful women, resplendant fn,
their Easter hats and gowns, presenting a
dazzlingly brilliant appearance as they
promenaded the thoroughfare, enjoying
the bright sunshine and the consciousness
of the admiration they created.
Not a seat was to be had. in St. Mary's
Cathedral when the hour arrived for the
U o'clock mass. Late comers were satis
fied to stand throughout the impressive
services and the entrance to the church
was made impassable. So dense was the
crowd that many gave up the hope of
getting close enough to hear ; the singing
of the mass and the instrumental music.
Solemn high mass was celebrated at 11
o'clock, with the Rev. J. J. Prendergast,
V. G., celebrant; Rev. J. B..Hannlgan,
deacon, and Rev. C. A. Ramm, sub-dea
con. Rev. E. P. Dempsey •delivered the
discourse, which was forcible and elo
quent. His clear enunciation made It pos
sible for people at the entrance of the edi
fice to hear every word he uttered. In the
course of his sermon he said': ' ' :
"If Christ be not risen from the dead,
then our preaching is vain and your faith
is also vain; for- if we -forget the great
turth of divinity, if we fall to. realize that
ChlrEt was. God, that his words are the
congregation was enterprising enough to
raise all the necessary funds for that pur
pose. In the afternoon he confirmed a
large class of children and delivered an
excellent confirmation address to the lit
tle ones. ¦¦ ¦;• . ¦-:•¦
In the absence of Rev. .Robert Macken
zie of the First Presbyterian Church, who
is in New York, his assistant. Rev. Wil
liam Kirk Gutherie, D. D., conducted tho
services. Dr. Gutherie said the resurrec
tion loomed up larger than any other sub
ject in the whole world on Easter Sunday,
and yet 1900 years ago there was not one
human being who believed it possible. He
traced the death and the resurrection of
Jesus and. then described the incidents
that surrounded it.
The First English Lutheran Church
was overflowed at both services. An ex
cellent musical programme and sermon by
the pastor. Rev. E. Nelander, were en
joyed by the congregation. Dr. Nelander
spoke on "The Resurrection, a Practical
Force." He said in part: "The doctrine
of the resurrection carries in it all the
reßt of our religion. The truths of Chris
tianity form a golden chain, and the re
surrection is the first link. It confirms
our faith in the ultimate triumph of Jesus
Christ. When Christ was crucified it
seemed that while all the vices were be
ing crowned In Rome all the virtues were
being crucified in Jerusalem. But wren
Jesus burst forth from the grave he pi-o
claimed the victory of truth and goodness.
The value of Christ's resurrection is this:
"It bridges earth and heaven; it roots our
life In the risen Christ, and puts the full
ness of heaven at our disposal." .
Rev. H. H. Bell, pastor of the First
United Presbyterian Church, spoke in the
morning on the theme "That Empty
Tomb." His text was Mark xvi:6. In part
he said:
"That empty tomb also means that the
Christian religion is impregnably estab
lished ; that religion rests upon an up
lifted cross and an emptied tomb. Fur-
Tanforan Entries.
The entries for to-day's running events
are as follows:
Fir*t race— Fiv« and a half furlong*; three
year-ol<J»=; jrarw:
CS« Kitty Kfllr r?l JOSS N>ttle C1ark. ...102
710 Ar.tolnotta 102 i 907 Antler 102
1077 irdoo Prince6*.iea; 1074 Illilouette 102
I<Y.« nnyal Fan ltt] 1C72 March Seven.. ..lM
SSI Banrfera 102 1 IMS May Gertrude.. lol
r>7» Filie dOr 152 10S3 Bona - 102
108! Uesn'd Hug-hes.lM 1074 Artllla 102
Second race— Four furlongr; two-year-old«;
pur»*:
1075 Artena ltt] 1075 Chaite 102
106* Picklow im! lOCS Too Hot 102
ir*S* Girly Ducat. ...lC2 ; IOT9 Facharoid 112
10K9 Sublime 102 1W Eonlc 103
lf«S UndeTXTTwth ?•IBS 1075 Floranthe 105
609 Scotch 8e11e.. ..1'M 89S On Time 101
106« I>bttlck 102 1075 Irate 102
107E Fcr'nwel] Lake.lOt 1075 Moonbrlgbt ....115
$Zi l«urayo 102
Third raoe — On* tsU«; three-year-old* and np-
rmr*e:
1064 Con«ellator .... 9t{ 1049 Rosormonde ...110
: '.4 Flunora ._. 91 Wl394)Mortga«v SI
r*oorth race— MC« and an «4gfcta; four-year
ol4» and upward; eel!lnjr:
Oo3T)Cromw«ell 1111 I'm Colonel R00t.. .19S
JOR4 Captive llli 656 Rainier 107
3077 Opponent W* 1072 Chlmura 108
109« Gauntlet ..—...1071
Fifth rare — Six furlousa; tfcr»e-year-©lds and
«t3pward: pur**:
IOT2 True Bine 111! 1061 Sly 114
1067 Miss Rowen»»...lol 1045 Sudden 103
Of*.J)Formero 11l I 1061 Pompino 10S
10PI Espirando 106! 954 Jael 104
10i'2 Cormorant Ill 1
» Sixth race — One mile; thre«-yeax-olfiß and np
: nelllnc:
3W Morlnel 10S (1030)Casdale 98
103S Tek'.a fS ir<o Montallade 102
I** Ein«eia 1021 1070 Donator ....^...102
JOC'J Bonibel 9«l 1093 Morelia 81
106J Aileana tl 1 3994 Catastrophe ...111
Selections for To-Day.
First race— May Otirude. Artllla. Handera.
B*confl race— Eonlc. Scotch Belle, Screetrwell
tmltm.
Third race — Roeonnonde. Mortyace, Con*t*l
lator.
Fourth race — Chlmura, Opponent, Captive.
Fifth race — Sly. True Blue. Miss Rowena.
Sixth rac* — Ontaytrorhe. Caedale. Montallade.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Impersonated an Officer.
George 'A. Alden was arrested In Hlnck
ney alley last night by Officer Bell and
Special Officer Berga on a charge of hav
ing Impersonated an officer. He was
taken to the California-street police sta
tion.
ELECTRIC WIRE
CAUSES DEATH
OF A WORKMAN
Daniel Murphy Is Instantly
Killed at the Oakland
Ferry Depot.
«
Two Others Employed With Him In
a Steel Caisson Overcome by
Gas and Have Nar
row Escapes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway. April 1j-
While working on a foundation for
water tanks at the Oakland broad-gauge
ferry depot to-night, Daniel Murphy was
killed by a shock from a live electric-llßnt
wire, attached to a portable lamp, whicn
he was carrying, in the big steel tan^
where he waa laboring. Fellow workmen
heard him scream, and then the sound of
his body as it struck the bottom of the
caisson. Peter Giustl and John Smith
rushed to the rescue, but both men were
suddenly overcome, it U supposed, by
gases in the tank. Smith waa dragged
out unconscious by other workmen, but
revived after he got to fresh air. Giustl
managed to get out unassisted.
Murphy's body was hauled out of the
tank, but there was no sign of life. Phy
sicians pronounced the man to be dead.
None of the workmen at the pier could
explain the cause of the accident. A gangf
of men had been working at night on the
Job in order to hasten operations so thera
would be no interference with boat travel.
Concrete piers were being sunk for water
tanks to be tilled for supplying the ferry
boats with fresh water. The piers ara
beneath the surface of the water, and to
carry on the work large caissons were
built. It was in one of these that the
gang of laborers of which Murphy was
one had been at work this evening.
In order to have light, wires were strung
from the main circuit to the scene of ope
rations, which waa near the depot slip en
trance, close to the apron. ¦ Incandescent
lamps of high power were strung on these
wires, arranged so that workmen coula
carry' them about.
Murphy had been standing on a plat
form a minute before he started to de
scend a ladder to work In the caisson.
One hand came in contact with the light
wire and the other hand must have com
pleted the circuit by striking on some
metal about the tank. Everything was
damp about the place, increasing the
danger from electricity. He fell into a
foot of water that was In the bottom of
the tank. -¦•"'
The Coroner took charge or Murphy 3
remains, which were removed to the
Morgue. There did not appear to be any
marks about the limbs or body to indi
cate where the heavily charged wire came
into contact with the man. Murphy waa
forty years old. unmarried, and resided
at 1812 Seventh street. He has a brother.
William Murphy, living in San Francisco.
Carried a Blackjack.
E. F. Murphy was arrested by Officers
Cavanaugh and Peters last night and
charged at the California-street station
with carrying concealed weapons. Mur
phy had a "blackjack" and a pair of
shears in his possession. He is supposed
to be an old crook. ..... .....
Pigeon Shooting. p lln pir-Up
0. ROBERTS, 11111 l bIUDS
Wholesale and Retail i t
Dealer In Live and * contract to far-
Dressed Poultry and n»*h. for aor S years.
Oame " »ny and all elube. Live
504 Front 8t S^iri^"""* 1 *
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Specialists for Men.
THEATRICAL NOTES.
¦¦¦XT ¦sps^-Lr «
gramme of the Neill Company at the Cali
fornia continues to be "A Bachelors Rol
mance." "An American Citizen will ?oN
XOW. * /
ed'^Ss^a^'t'heTlc^r to d ™ C ™ d ~
T°" n i ght the Tivoli will produce "The
tilnS iii?. R? n W Marzella and her
?&>£#?/ & y i°a r ,- SS^ r °™« "">
Cavalleria Rusticana" is a rreat sue-
ThF, at af^ her ' 8 a^ d *1 U b '
PetsohJf.l^ 110011^ %c% e flrst concert or
r-etscnnlkoff and Hambounr will rafe«
Pa « at the California Theate? at 2?to
2£u?s* Tha violinist and pianist will b«
assisted an orchestra of sixty musi
cians under the direction of M. Eaihaume.
throughout the city, expression was given
to beautiful thoughts and grand music in
honor of the occasion. Priests and minis
ters retold the story of the crucifixion and
the resurrection, and drew object lessons
therefrom, while augmented choirs and
orchestras rendered the compositions of
inspired musicians.
It was the one day in the year that
every Christian deemed It his or her duty
to attend divine services, and the major
portion went purely out of religious feel
ing.
The decorations of the altars and pul
pits were, as usual, simple but beautiful.
In the Catholic churches the altars were
covered with white roses, lilies and palms,
and scores of lighted candles added to the
pleasing effect. Churches of other denom
inations also presented a pleasing appear
ance. Lilies of the valley. Easter lilies,
ferns and cut flowers completely hid . the
carved woodwork. Suspended . over the
chancels were crosses of lilies and on
either Bide were stately palms. The spe
cial musical programmes rendered in the
various churches and the selected choirs
crowned their long and continued practice
by doing complete . justice to the noble
compositions.
Van Ness avenue was thronged between
BRODE WILL BE FAVORITE
IN THE TENNESSEE DERBY
Schorr's Entry Said to Be in Excellent
Shape for the Contest at
Montgomery Park.
MEMPHIS. Term., April 15.— The Ten
nessee Derby at a mile and an eighth will
be run at Montgomery Park to-morrow
afternoon, and indications to-nipht are
that the blue ribbon event of the Memphis
Jockey Club will be decided over a fast
track. The probable starters are as fol
i 'r<*pwww
Glen Lake and Thrive, J. C. Cahn's en
try-; Arthur Behan. Parmenion, Klorizar
P. W. Brode. Dramburg and The Con
queror, all carrying 122 pounds, it was
announced a few days ago that John F.
Schorr would not be represented in the
classic but upon the good showing made
by F. W. Erode in yesterday's race at a
mile and a sixteenth, when the colt easily
disposed of Thrive and The Conqueror,
the younpr Memphlsian decided last night
to place Brode's name or !he programme.
The race seems to br open one. It
is the general opinion t. r irode will be
favorite, with The Conqu-ijr, Cahn's en
try, and Florizar ranging in the betting as
named. The race will be worth about $7000
to the winner.
movement in the dances and marches The
effect was kaleidoscopic. The chorus is
the largest and best drilled that has aD-
£ e iV*. d t t! ere . s , lnc< i the da y 3 of Klralfy, and
belied, the title of the piece, for Instead of
there being but forty thieves there were
more than that number.
The principals are all burleaquers of ex
perience and, in some cases, of reputa
tion, and gave to the evening's perform
?v? ce *i3 n cx J rav aganza spirit that carried
the thing along, and which will undoubt
edly make the season a successful one
Chris Bruno and Hiss Mabel RuWn
contributed specialties in the dancing Ur?"
and Messrs. Condon and Ryder did like
wise in comic gymnastics. The ballet is
Sr M!. a se s e R?^ a iT d i he nu ™rous songl
dj aiisses Koyce, Underwood and Hrwlpv
and Messrs. Flint, Cashman and others
and promises well for the futureT UcceM
FASHION'S THRONG PARADES AFTER MORNING SERVICES.
words of God, that his mandates are tho
commands of God and his works the
works of God, then soon will.we drift into
the indlfferentism of the day; soon will
we behold unfortunate graspers after
truth rising no higher than the mere ethi
cal religious life—the unitarianlsm of the
present, the bugbear of Protestantism in
our land. Divine wisdom foresaw this
probable plight of man, and to-day divine
goodness dispels doubt and confirms faith
by the wonderful miracle of the resurrec
tion, the greatest test of almighty power.
As man he dies on the cross, as God he
rose from the grave, thus giving to all
mankind and to all time a never failing,
ever living, stupendous confirmation of
the truth that Christ was God."
In the evening there were vespers and
benediction of the blessed sacrament. Rev.
Father Ramra preached the sermon.
Commodore Germinet and staff of the
French cruiser Protet . attended solemn
high mass at the Church of Notre Dame
dcs Victolres. The officers were In full
uniform and attracted much . attention.
Guille, the celebrated tenor, rendered
"Les Ramane," by; Faure, at the offer
tory. His singing of the celebrated piece
was a feature of the services. •
The Right Rev. William .F. Nichols;
Bishop, of the Episcopalian church,
preached two sermons at St. Luke's, the
fashionable church |of that denomination.
In the morning the Bishop participated in
the service and was assisted by Rev. "W.
A. M. Breck, the assistant rector, the rec
tor of the church. Rev. D..C.« Garrett,
having been called to Chicago on impor
tant business. ; In concluding a brilliant
discourse on the gospel of the day the
Bishop took occasion : to congratulate the
parish on eiiierlng its new church. He
regretted the absence of Dr. Garrett and
said he did not doubt. that when the ab
sent rector returned he would be able to
call on the Bishop to- consecrate the
church entirely freed from debt, as the
CALLFOR
REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION.
In accordance with th« directions of tlie RE-
PUBLICAN NATIONAL COMMITTEE that
delegated representatives of the Republican
Party from tht several States assemble In Na-
tional Convention In the city of Philadelphia.
State of Pennsylvania, on TUESDAY, the 13th
day of June. A. D. 1300. at 13 o'clock noon.
for the purpose of nominating candidates for
the office of President and Vice President of
the United States, and for such other business
as may be brought before said convention: and
in accordance with the instructions riven by
said National Committee, directing that the
Congressional District delegates shall be chosen
at a convention called by the Congressional
Committee of each said district, in tho iam«
manner as the nomination of a Representative
in Congress la mad* in said district; therefore.
b- it
Resolved. By the REPUBLICAN STATE
CENTRAL COMMITTEE OF CALIFORNIA,
representing tha Republican Party of said
State, that the Congressional Committees of
the several Congressional Districts of tha State
Of California are hereby advised and requested
to call Congressional Conventions of their Con-
gressional Districts, to be held as hereinafter
provided, at which two delegates shall be
chosen to represent each of such districts la
the NATIONAL. REPUBLICAN CONVEN-
TION, to be held as aforesaid, and for the
selection of two alternate delegates, to act in
case of the absence of the delegates first chosen.
The selection of the delegates of the Con-
gressional Convention shall be under the direc-
tion of the Congressional Committee of each
district, in accordance with the call of the
National Committee.
Provided, That the basts of representation
to said Congressional Conventions shall be as
follows, to wit: One delegate for each Assem-
bly District within the Congressional District-
provided, that where any Assembly District
embraces more than one county, there shall be.
one delegate for each county and fractional
part of a county in such Assembly District,
and one delegate for each 100 votes cast for
Henry T. Gage. Republican candidate for Gov-
ernor in IS3S. and one delegate for each frac-
tion of 150 votes or over.
It is further directed that the delegates
chosen to the Congressional Conventions shall
meet In State Convention at the city of Sacra-
mento, on TUESDAY, the 15th day of May
1900. at 1 o'clock p. m.. to select four delegatea-
at-larsre to the NATIONAL REPUBLICAN
CONVENTION above mentloaed, and four al-
ternate delegates, to act In case the delegates
selected be absent, for the election of a State
Central Committee, and for the transaction of
such further business as may be brought be-
fore the said State Convention.
It Is further directed that where primary
elections are held the test for voters shall be:
"I believe In Republican principles and in-
dorse the Republican policy and the admin-
istration of President McKtnley. and Intend
to support the nominees of the Republican
Party at the ensuing election."
It Is further directed that contests must 'be
filed with the Secretary of the Congressional
Committee In writing, with a full statement
of the grounds of the contest, five days pre-
ceding the meeting of the State convention.
All matters relating to such contest before the
Congressional Committee, with said Commit-
tee's determination therein, must be transmit-
ted to the Secretary of the State Central Com-
mittee at Sacramento, before noon of the Uth
day of May. 1900.
Adopted by the REPUBLICAN STATE CEN-
TRAL COMMITTEE at San Francisco ADrtl
«. 1900. E. C. HART. Secretary.
CLOSING WEEK FOR
DOG SHOW ENTRIES
All Canines Must Be Named for the
Forthcoming Exhibition Before
the 22d inst.
The opening of the last week in whlcn
It is possible to enter dogs for the May
bench shew of the San Francisco Kennel
Club nas been signalized by a rush of
business at the office of the club at 23S
Montgomery street.
The entries made so far seem to prove
that a great interest has been aroused
on this coast in breeds that have hereto
fore been little fancied or known here.
In Irish terriers the competition is to b©
particularly keen. Mrs. Hooper will ex
hibit an entire kennel. E. Courtney Ford
will show two tine ones, and Thomas H.
Browne will also compete with a pair. In
Boston terriers there will be an entry of
at least seven or eight, against the one
or two that have been the limit in IS3S
and 1809. Bulldogs will also have a large
ly increased entry. Commodore Knowles
will pit his heretotfore unbeaten dogs.
Conqueror and Commissioner, against
some gr«'at specimens in Herman bchif
faupr's St. Lithians Ruler and Leon S.
Greenebaura's Harry Lacey.
One of the best fox-terrier puppies that
will compete for the cup offered by the
California Jockey Club for the best Call
romia bred fox-terrier is Golden Light,
owned by J. O. Mansfield. This puppy
will also appear in the trick dog class.
His two kennel mate?. Countetss Patsy,
a pug imported from Australia, and a col
lie bred by Harry Corbett, were both
poisoned a short time ago.
The entrance fee covers every charge
for the care arid feeding of the dogs dur
ing the four days of the show, and ex
hibitors are at liberty to remove the
animals at night or to leave them In the
Pavilion. The club maintains an efflclenv
for^e of watchmen at night as well as
(luring the day.
MOROSCO'S NEW COMPANY
SCORES A GREAT HIT
Performance of "An Arabian Girl"
Bich With Color and Mer
riment.
"Standing: room only" was the order of
the night at the Grand Opera-house last
evening, though the words were not
strictly truthful In this instance, for there
was not even standing room when the
curtain rose on the first performance of
"An Arabian Girl and the Forty Thieves."
The magnitude of the audience was only
equaled by the size of the production,
which was on a quite magnificent scale
and noteworthy as much for the elaborate
scenery and costuming as for the gener
ous supply of principals and supernumer
aries.
There was an abundance of color In the
many scenes of the four acts and much
ther still, that empty tomb means the
final emptiness of every human tomb. It
means a final grave-opening day, when
earth's buried millions shall, come forth
for final review and reward. Let none of
us fall to prepare for that coming day.
•He that belleveth in me hath everlasting
life, and I will raise him up at the last
day.' "
A special service was held In the even
ing at Trinity Church, at which the Cali
fornia Commandery attended in a body.
The service opened by the choir singing
In a processional "Onward, Christian bol
diers." The Rev. Frederick Clampett
preached. the sermon. His text was taken
from the seventh verse of the twenty
eighth chapter of St. Matthew. At the
close of the service the knights made the
declaration of faith.
Golden Gate Commandery P»o. 18,
Knights Templar, marched in a body to
the evening services of the First Presby
terian Church. The sermon was preached
by the Rev. W. Kirk Guthrie. He spoke
about the great anniversary they cele
brated, and said that he was proud to see
so many present who by bearing the cross
on their cloaks professed Christianity.
The Knights Templar were under the
command of J. C. Campbell.
In his sermon to his congregation the
Rev. E. A. Woods of the First Baptist
Church said:
"Let us thank God that far and wide
the tidings have gone forth this morn-
Ing 'The Lord is risen.' May the risen
one be enshrined in our hearts — a glori
fied Lord in the midst of a redeemed peo
ple. Let Easter remind us not of graves,
but of the gates of heaven— those gates
whose keys love keeps on that side and
on this side — death."
The Howard-street Methodist Episcopal
Church was crowded with non-members
at both services yesterday. Members of
the Tivoll Opera-house Company assisted
the choir and an orchestra of fifteen
pieces discoursed sacred music. Rev.
John A. B. Wilson preached both morning
and evening on subjects appropriate to
the day.
CHRIST Is risen! Thousands of peo
ple sang out the glad tidings with
exultant voices throughout the city
ysterday. In every church the de
vout knelt In prayer and poured
forth their acknowledgment of the glo
rious message, while overhead the Easter
bells pealed forth Joy and consolation. It
was a glorious day, and morning, after
noon and evening, in the sacred edifices
EASTER MADE BEAUTIFUL
WITH SONG AND COLOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1900.
YACHTS GO FOR
A SHORT CRUISE
IN THE CHANNEL
Delightful Weather Marks
the Opening of the
Season.
Zlembers of the San Francisco Yacht
Club Enjoy a Steady Breeze
and Smooth Sea in the
Channel.
As the Corinthian yachtsmen have been
pomcwhit delayed In getting their craft
ready for the season, only a few boats
Bailed over to attend the opening day of
the San Francisco Yacht Club on Satur
day. Among these were ex-Commodore
Carl VTosterfeld's Aeolus, Percy Burr's
yawl Klttlwake, the Bloop Mlgnon and the
sloop Emille.
On the arrival of the 10 o'clock boat
from the city yesterday morning signals
were set on board the flagship Ramona
and the fleet Failed out into the channel.
A tine breeze was 6truck poon after leav
lr.p Sausalito and a delightful sail was en-
Joyed, there being no sea and the wind
bring steady. Among the yachts under
ga.il were Commodore "U". N. McCarthy's
schooner Ramona, John D. Spreckels'
pchooner Lurline. J. R. Savery's sloop
Juaiiita. ex-Commodore T. L. Hill's sloop
Cygnus. ex-Commodore G. T. S. White's
cloop Siren. Archie Sutherland's Bloop
Catherine. Dr. A. V»". McKenzie's sloop
Eappho and Dr. V. P. Buckley and Arthur
Kar.zee's schooner Outing. The sloop The
tis is still on the ways, and the sails are
not yet bent on George D. Campbell's
cutter Folly. All the yachts had large
parties on board, and the day proved an
Ideal one for pleasant calling.
The gayety of the Sausalito water front
Is much enhanced by the presence of the
gunboat McCuiloch. the revenue cutters
Thetis and Rush, the torpedo boat de
etroyer Farraput and the coast survey
vessel Me Arthur. E. "W. Hopkins' steam
yacht Xl Primero and Charles L. Fair's
vapor launch Luccro are lying to the
north of the ferry slip. George E. Bll
ling'o sloop Nixie will be ready for the
season in a few days.
731 MARKET ST.. San Francisco.
6«:<?* NOME BEACH
DIRECT.
BARKENTINE CATHERINE SUDDEN SAILS
APRIL 18. 1900. ~^
For freight rates apply to the
NOME BEACH LIOHTERAGE AND TRANS-
PORTATION COMPANY,
Office; 4 California st.
RAH.RO AD TBAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Fernr.
Commencins: October 1. 1399.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— IM. »9:SO. U:00 a. m.: I:4i.
•3:40. t:l5. 6:00. 1:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Vallty and San Ra.
fa*l. on Monday*. Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at f>:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *9:W>. nO:0O, ni:» a. ra.; I:U>
1:15. *4:45. 1:30. 9:0(1 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TtX BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:M. »«:«S. 7:48. •»:« a. m.|
nj:SO. 1:15. •3:«, «S:U p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aad
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:*), "3:00. 10:00. 11:44 a. b».|
•1:40 »8:16. 4:45. *«:80 d. m.
Trains marked <•) »tart from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS-«: 45. «:«. T:K. 9:« a. m.|
3U:!5, 1:25. 3:45. 8:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:1)0 and 10:20 o. m.
BUNDATB-8:06. 10:06 a. m.; UM. I:U. 1:30.
1:00. 1:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
l*» a. ra. week days— Cazadero and way station*.
I:*) p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations.
l.Cfl a. J3. Snßdayß~Tomal»s and way tatlon^
ToCHiCAGO
This Is the quickest running and most
luxnrlous train across the continent.
Connecting Traiu Leaves Sax Francisco*
£ P.n. .Monday, Wednesday, Friday and
Saturday, arriving? in Chicago at 2:15
P.n in time to connect with all limited
trains for New York.
OVERLAND Leaves San Francises at 5:30
Fvpppcc p. m. with Palace and Tonnst
>» » ,i w cars for Kansas Cut, St. Loms,
DAILY Chicago and East.
Local trains Vtween Stockton, VALLEY
Fresno, Hanford, Visalia, Tularo DOAl>
and Baker&field. ROAD
SEC YOU IN San Francisco office. 623
'FDISrn *fifl!M Market Street, Phone Maia
way;Sacramen*o,aoi J Sueet; SanJose,7West
Saata Clara Street.
OLD CONNEMARA
LANDS ANOTHER
CHAMPION STAKE
?
Will Run Flora McDonald
Next Sunday at Ingleside
for a Big Purse.
Imported Mose Made a Good Showing
and Beat Palmflower in the
Final of the Open
Stake.
James Dean's dog Connemara added
another victory to his record at Ingleside
Coursing Park by winning the champion
stake in fast company.
The old dog showed In good form, but
was a bit lucky In his course with Flora
McDonald. Flora showed the speed, but
the hare broke to Connemara. giving him
the turn and kill. Against Master Claire
he lead and won easily. In the final with
Tea Rose the winner had the speed. The
hare broke to Tea Rose, who killed too
soon.
After the stake was won a discussion
of the merits of the winner and Flora
McDonald resulted in a match being made
for $200. To this the association added
$150, making a purse of $350. The terms
are best two In three, winner to take all,
race to be run at Ingleside Park next
Sunday afternoon. '
In the open stake Mose took first money
easily, showing great speed In all runs and
beating such fast dogs as Rocker, Sweet
Emma, Patriot, Belle Claire and Palm
flower. Flora McDonald won the consola
tion stake, beating Chicago Boy and then
her kennel mate St. Oran. In the longest
course of the day, score 17 to 6. Craw
ford Braes showed in good form, but was
unlucky with Palmflower.
Folowing are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores:
Open stake — J. McEnroe's Admiral Sampson
beat V>. E. Wiley's Hleh Born Lady, 8—1; H.
11. Gray's Rona beat J. Patter's Remus, 5—2;5 — 2;
C. B. Charlesworth's Crawford Braes beat D.
J. Healey's Maggie N, $—0: D. J. Healey's
Lady Claire beat J. R. Smith's Victor Queen,
6—o; Russell. -Allen & Wilson's Palmflower
beat Lowe & Thompson's Little Fullerton, 6—o;
J. Byrnes' Eleven Spot beat H. A. Deckelman's
Flyaway. 6—o;6 — 0; J. J. Edmonds' Go On beat Con
nell Brothers' Mamie Pleasant, 4—l; P. Hor
pan's Manila beat H. A. Deckelman'g Snapshot,
4—2: J. Holden's Scottish Chlet beat Bartela
Brothers' Beer Brewer, 4—o; Russell, Allen &
Wilson's Belle Claire beat J. Btillwell's Fern.
2—o; Bartels Brothers' Baron Blood beat J.
Mooney's Silent Treasure. 3—2; D. J. Healey's
Grenada beat J. R. Smith's Petronlus. 3—o;
R. L. Taylor's Mose beat H. A. DeckPlman's
Rocker, 4—2: K. M. Kellog-g's Sweet Emma beat
r>. Toland's Pleasant Girl, 4—o; J. Anthony's
Patriot beat E. M. Kellogg" s Lady Gilmore,
Thrown Out of His Buggy.
Albert Altscher, residing at 1245 O'Far
rell street, was treated at the City and
County Hospital last night for two scalp
wounds, which he received by being
thrown out of his buggy. Altscher was
driving along the San Bruno road and
when near the crossing of Thirtieth street
his horse shied and threw him out on to
the hard roadway.
(OAST 111 VISION (llr<iiHU»(«).
(Thlnl »nd Toxnwn.l BU.)
WIERD STORY OF
MIDNIGHT RAID
OF HIGHWAYMEN
Visitor From Across the
Bay Falls Among the
Philistines
Walter F. Sachs Tangled In a Lower
Broad-way Melee Finds Himself
a Prisoner in Oakland's
City JaiL
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 15.
• Walter F. Sachs, the son of a prominent
San Francisco capitalist, residing at 1607
Scott street, San Francisco, was arrested
early this morning: by Deputy Constabla
Robinson while running away from pur
suing policemen on lower Broadway.
The young man was taken to the City
Prison and held for Investigation, a
charge of drunkenness being subsequent
ly registered against him. Xoung Sachs
told a story, of taking a late boat across
the bay, meeting a couple of strangers
whom he saw rob a saloon. He declared
he had been relieved of considerable
money by the unknown men, with whom
he had a fight which led to police inter
ference.
About 2 o'clock this morning Robinson
and several policemen heard whistles
blown vigorously In the vicinity of Sixth
street and Broadway. Robinson headed
off three men who were running down
Sixth street. Two of the fleeing. men es
caped, the third being young Sachs.
After his arrest an effort was made to
trace the circumstances which formed
Sachs' story, but to no purpose. Xo sa
loon-keeper reported any robbery, and the
only troub.'e which occurred about the
time of the arrest was a fight in a Broad
way lodging-house. The police said It
was thils row in which Sachs had been
mixed, although he was unable to tell
anything about his supposed footpad
companions.
When Sachs was taken into custody he
had a watch and chain and some small
pieces of jewelry on his person, but only
a nickel in coin. He was considerably
tangled concerning the method by which
his money was taken, and the police are
very doubtful that he suffered any seri
ous financial loss.
Having no means by which to notify
his relatives across the bay, the young
man passed Sunday in Jail.
fnniflAl|A The 8. S. Mnann
IstHl AialfiAt ¦*"" Tla Honolulu and
w t^"^^^ Auckland for Sydney
J&,\, »^ WedneiKlay. April 18.
G>±S^V\ at I o. m.
CyICQIIIJIII^ Ml i, forf 0r Honolali
fOHR'WW- Wednesday, May t
IWO. at 2 o. m.
Farortte llu« around the world via Hawaii.
Eamoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suex,
England, etc; $110 flnt class. .
t. D. sr <\uC(\ t Lb c u..ud. CO., Mots.. 114 Montoemrrt
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Frtiaht &fhc»,327 Markit SL
AAOUur TAMALPtIIA SCENIC RAILWAY
l~eav* Sao Vraokciacu via bausallto .Kerry.
Week Da>a 9:30 aw m. and I:4* p. a.
Sundaya «:OOL 10:00 a. m. and 1:4» a. a*.
Btasun-btwtad. do»eJ car on all trataa.
fir» Bin Fraodsca to Summit aad R«tursv.
•140.
RIFLEMEN AT SHELL MOUND.
Red M>n Schuetzen Company Shoot
for Holdover Prizes — National
Guardsmen Compete.
•inrr<* was not much rifle shooting on
the range at Shell Mound yesterday, al
though it was .in ideal day for the sport.
The Ked Men's Schuetzen Company held
Its regular monthly medal contest, condi
tions 20 shots. 25-ring target. The scores
follow;
Champion cla»s— W. Kreutrlcamm. 411 rings;
first class— P. H. Ru'.ffs. Z3i; second class— J.
A. Mohr. 304; third ola?*— Georce Wajrner. 2€2;
fourth class— L. Bernstein. 301; beft fi rB t shot—
J. A. Mchr, 22; best last shot— L. Bernstein. 2i.
At the Eagle and Kincehoot of the Red
Mt-n there were a number of prizes left
over from the contest. These were shot
for yesterday on the re-entry plan, three
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
...FOR...
''¦; : .I'.r *¦:¦-¦¦¦" -i- ¦¦¦".'" " : " ' ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ - -."¦;"¦-. V ¦- ."'¦-¦ ¦;."¦¦. > . - ' L - - . .-,¦'¦-:¦. -¦' ??¦".,„.-.¦."
...AND...
ALL POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
CARRYING THE UNITED STATES MAIL.
FOR NOME DIRECT:
FROM SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "PORTLAND' '..ApriI 30. 1900
FROM SEATTLE 8. S. "DORA" April 30, 1900
FROM 6AN FRANCISCO S. S. "RAINIER" May 10. 1900
FOR NOME, ST. MICHAEL AND ALL OTHER POINTS
FROM. SAN FRANCISCO S. S. "ST. PAUIi" May 26
A Steamer Will Be Dispatched Every Fortnight Thereafter.
For Juneau. Sitka, Prince William Sound, Cooks Inlet,
Kodiak and All Intermediate Points:
FROM SEATTLE S. a "BERTHA," commencing- April Bth
AND MONTHLY THEREAFTER.
For new folders, maps and further particulars aa to freight and passage, apply to ALAS-
KA COMMERCIAL COMPANY. 310 Sansome street, San Francisco. Cal.
For Beat tie ¦aUlDtrs apply to CAPT. JAS. CARROLL, Si Yeeler building, Beattl*. Wash,
Trainer John Hannigan Dead.
CINCINNATI, April 15.— John Hannl
gan, aged C 3. one of the best-known "horse
trainers in the country, died at Mllldale,
Ky., to-night. He had charge of Chris
Smith's stable when it included Yo Tarn-
Wen, and was in charge of stables for Ed
Corrigan and others.
California Limitei
Santa Fe Route
TURNERS MAKE MERRY
OVER PRIZE WINNERS
Entertainment and Ball Given In
Eintracht Hall Last
Evening.
The Klntraeht Turn Section gave an en
tertainment and ball In the Eintracht Hall
!n*t evening, the proceeds of which will
po toward paying tho expenses' of the
if-am to be sont to Sacramento.
There was an athletic programme of un
urual merit, which included wand exer
cises by the boys' and Rlrls' classes, hori
zontal bar oxrrcisrs and pyramids, be-
H<l< s RereraJ musical selections. After
the programme the medals for the b^et
work of the year were given out aa fol
lower
First degrer — Oold medal. Albert Kuen
ci: silver medal. Charles Krause.
Second degree — Gold medal, Gustav Ho-
Iojj: «.ilv«->r m'-«3al. Charles Haas.
Third deprree— Gold medal. Chris Ger
larh; silver medal. Leo Edelman.
Trte committees in charge of the enter
tainment were: Arrangements— L. Schclb,
A I Knlpper and J. Borgel. Floor— Chris
Gieriach. floor manager; Len Edelmnn. as
eictart manager; Al Kuenzi, W. Heinke
end Chris Hotop. Reception— Caspar El
ler.bcrger. William Orhple. C. Johansen.
Gus Audlbert. Gus Keifer. Charles Ku
mrrlander and H C Rphn>n«
TOYO KISEN KAISfII
STEAMERS "WILL. LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets, lpm.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and * Shanghai, and
connecting at Hdn&kong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARU
"Wednesday, April 23th, 19C0
SS. AMERICA MARU.. Saturday. May 19th 1300
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. June 14th. 1900
Via Honolulu
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market st.. 'corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
*t wharf, San Francisco: .
V'f^^fc- F° r Alaskan rorts — 10 a. m..
ES^tSfe^. April 16. 21. 26; May 1. Change
iwWjTSjmi^ to company's steamers at Se-
EsM<K<l\^ For Victoria. Vancouver CB.
KJSBt-r* I **^! c->c ->- Port Townsend. Seattle.
Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortes
«nd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
10 a. m. t April 16. 21, 26: May
1 and every fifth day Ihereaf ter; change at Se-
attle to this company's steamers for Alaska and
O. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry. ?
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay -10 a. m.. April
14. 19. 24. 29: May 4 and every fifth day there-
after. „ „
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucoe. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, Ban Pedro,
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport— 9
a. m.. April 13. 17. 21. 25. 29; May 4 and every
fourth day thereafter. „ _„ ,
For San Ple^o,. stopping; only at Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port Los
Angeles and Hedondo (Los Angeles)— ll a. m.,
April 15. 19. 23. 27; May 1 and every fourth day
thereafter. ¦-_¦' '-'^ ¦'¦:*¦
For Ensenarta, Mardalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata, La Pa 2, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymae (Mexico)— lo a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
The' company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
wMhmt previous notice.
TICKET OFFIOK —4 New Montgomery
¦treet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Death of Colonel Wood.
SAN BERNARDINO. April 15.— Colonel
Adolph Wood died of heart disease this
afternoon. Colonel Wood came to this
city a few years ago from Cincinnati,
Ohio, and orpanized the Arrowhead "Res
ervoir Company to store water for irri
gation purposes, of which he was vice
president and local manager. He was
formerly president and director of the
Board of Trade of Cincinnati and a promi
nent man in business affairs In that city.
Boys' echool shoes, worth $2. for $1 a
pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Market.*
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 o. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at X:iO
and 11:30 D. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. J:3O.
5:00, 6:20 d. m.
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 d. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave I In Effect. | Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 15, 1900.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ! Sun- I Week
Days. I days. ( Destination.) days. ] Days.
7:30 am! 8:00 »m[ Novato. 110:40 ami 8:40 am
8:30 prn 9:10 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm!10:25 am
5:13 pm; 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. ! 7:35 pm' (:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:C0 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! I Hopland 1 110:25 am
3:30 pm! 8:00 ami and Uklah. I 7:35 pm| 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:15 am
I 8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm
1:30 pmj 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami Sonoma 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and !
5:10 pm 5:00 pmf Clen Ellen. 6:05 pm! 6:20 pm
7:30 ani| 8:00 ami 110:40 am 'lo:2s am
3:30 pm! S:CO pm| Sebastepol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
shots to each ticket. The winners in their
order were:
First prize — W. Kreutzkamm, 65; second— D.
Tamke C 3; third— H. Grieb. 62; fourth— C.
Oldag. '61: flfth-IL Bach. 60; sixth— P. 11.
Rulffs 58; seventh— John Oldag-, 57; eighth—
J. Mohr. 54; ninth— J. Pteiner. 52; tenth— L.
Bernstein, E2; eleventh— M. Dleckert, 4J;
twelfth— C. Stein. 84; thirteenth— G. Wagner,
84; fourteenth— C. BolsdorfT, 29; fifteenth— M.
Fuetscher. 20; sixteenth— H. Vogel, 7; seven
teenth—J. Krummholz, 1.
The Red Men will hold their distribu
tion of prizes Thursday evening at Turner
Hall. Turk street. There will be a social
and dance in connection with the distribu
tion. _
Three companies of the National Guard
shot for class medals. 10 snots per man,
on the Blunt target, with, military mus
kets. The scores are annexed: ..
Company F. Fifth Resrlment— Lieutenant C.
C. Cobalt. 40; C C. Elen, 41; Corporal S. J.
Grime*. 40; Lieutenant H. T. Bennett, 36; W.
Nordlund 36; Sergeant A. F. Hanson, 34; Ser
geant G.C. Hanson. 34; Phil Green. 32; Cor
i.cral L. R. Keller. 30; G. W. Nickerson. 33;
A F Flck. 29: J B. Richards. 2S: T. C- Ham
bleton, 25; O. B. Rasmusson. 27; E. R. Larkin,
19; C. A. Sullivan, 10; L. E. Darling-, 33.
Company A, Fifth Regiment— Francis. 26;
Beckwith. 3s: Smith. 27: Fowley. So: Kent. 34;
¦W T Brown. 22; Corporal York, 33: Sergeant
C.'Poulter. 40; A. Poulter. 41: Sergeant Tait.
«3- Lancaster, 36: Jones. 20; Thelin, 33; Cor
poral Cron 2S; Lieutenant Flint, 39: Peterson.
21: Sinclair, 23: Corporal Depoy. 37: Grey. 34;
Hampton 34; Sergeant Herman, 26: Sergeant
C Ellis 37- Sergeant W. Ellis. 40; Lawson,
35"; Corporal Taber. 37; Orson* 40; Brown, 33.
Company F, Eifth Regiment— H. Reed. 24;
C Simons 23; A. P. Denver, 30: G. Iverson. 41:
a" Irving 40: K. A. Millican. 2t>; J. Hubbard.
35- Flshef, 22; Charles Cook. 36: Smith, 14;
Cohn. 14: Captain F. A. Nlppert, 39: First Lieu
tenant Varney, 36; 11. O'Brien. 25; M. Nathan,
34- O. H Fernbark. 11; P. 11. Ralne, 35;
Charles O'Connor. 34: U. C. Meyer. 3S; C. Cleve
land, 32; H. Turton, 32.
SHOOTING AT HARBOR VIEW.
Columbia Rifle and Pistol Club
Marksmen Make Good Scores.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club
shoot at Harbor View to-day was well at
tended, the most interesting feature being
a fifty-shot team match between A. H.
Pape and G. Mannel and F. O. Young and
C M. Daiss with rifle at 200 yards. The
latter team won by a good margin. Fol
lowing are the scores on the Columbia
target, viz.:
All comers' rifle medal— F. O. Young, €0. 44,
D 6 €0 48— 2GS; C. M. Daif*. 117, 105. 78. 64. 67—
4SI- A H Pape, 62. 72. CO. BS, &5-234; G. Man
nel' S2* 85 ' 104, 104—484. Youn* and Dales won by
73 Dolnts ' E. E. Beaman, 113. llfi, 129. Record
ecorit—P. Becker. 79; Dr. J. F. Twist, 12S, 187;
G Mannel, 89. '
Twist revolver medal, 50 yards— F. O. louns,
a £.6 61 61. 63: C. M. Datss. 60, 61. 67. 79; P.
Becker. 61. 63. 74. 78. 80; Dr. J. F. Twist 79.
BY, S2. 87. S2; Mrs. Mannel. 99; Mrs. W altham.
All comers' pistol medal— F. O. Yountc. 50, 6S,
F S "Washbum, 61. 71. So; F. Hassmann. 73;
Mm. Mannel, KO. " . f''. :: -«
All comers' 22 and 25 caliber rifle medals. 50
yards— F. O. Young, 20. 21. 22. 27; E. E. Bea
man 28. 39- G. Mannel. 2S; Mrs. C. F. Wal
th«m. 22. 36: E. A. Allen. 34.
Record scores. 60 yards, pistol— Mrs. O. Man
nel tZ: F. Hansmann, 66. 89; Mrs. C. F. Wal
tham 75: G. Mannel. 85. 86. Twenty-two rifle—
E. E. Beaman, 26. H, 30, 31.
3—2; E. M. KellonrE's Ben's Babe beat Lowe A
Thompson's Bagpipe, 14 — 4.
Second ties— Rona beat Admiral Sampson,
s—o; Crawford Drae s beat Lady Claire, 6 — i;
Palmflower beat Eleven Spot, 4—o;4 — 0; Manila beat
Go On. 6—o; Belle Claire beat Scottish Chief.
5-^2; Grenada beat Barop Blood. 3—2; Mose
beat Sweet Emma, 6—o; Patriot beat Ben's
Babe. 4—2.
Third ties — Crawford Braes beat Itona, 10 — 4;
Palmflower beat Manila, 6—l; Belle Claire beat
Grenada, 12—5; Mose beat Patriot, 6—o.
Fourth ties— Palmflower beat Crawford Braes.
5—2: Mose beat Belle Claire. 6— 3.
Final— Mose beat I*almflower, 7— fi.
Champion stake — James Dean's Connemara
beat Lowe & Thompson's Flora McDonald.
3—l: Russell, Allen & Wilson's Master Claire
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Paplta, 3—o; T. Tler
ney's Tea Rose beat Russell. Allen & Wilson's
Chlcajro Boy, 6—2; O'Shea Brothers' Golden
Rule beat Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran. B—l.B — 1. .
First ties — Connemara beat Master Claire, 6—2;
Tea Rose beat Golden Rule. 7—5.
' Final — Connemara beat Tea Rose, 3—2.3 — 2.
Consolation prize in champion stake — Flora
McDonald beat Chicago Boy, 3—2; St. Oran
beat Paclta. sr-4.
Final— Flora McDonald beat St. Oran, 17—6.
Church Debt Paid.
CLEVELAND, April 15.— The women
members of the East Madison-avenue
Presbyterian Church some time ago en
tered into an agreement to abstain from
new Easter gowns and millinery and to
divert this money to the raising of the
church debt. They kept their promise,
and to-day the amount of the debt. $1500,
was contributed at the Eajster service.
25 being carried off by Captain F. A.
Kuhls. The last morning bullseye was
shot by John Utschig Sr., and the first
afternoon bullseye by A. Prue«s: At 5
o'clock, before detailed scores were given
out, rounds of cheering greeted the last
score of the day — F. E. Mason, 96. in de
tail—2s, 24, 24, 23. The champion was fol
lowed close by J. W. McLaughlin, who
shot 95—23, 23. 26, 25— Just two minutes be
fore the shoot closed. John Utschlg made
the last bullseye of the afternoon.
Other scores were as follows: D. B.
Faktor, 89; C. Meyer. S6; J. Utschlg, 91; A.
Rahwyler. 84; A. Page, 94: D. B. Faktor,
93: J. B. Darrell, 92; F. P. Schuster, 91; "YV.
Glindeman, S6; J. Utschig, 93; J. Meyer,
91.
EVER has the annual spring festl-
I val of the California Schuetzen
j Club been held under more favor-
H able auspices than yesterday. Over
one hundred members filled the
ranges at Schuetzen Park near San
Rafael, and with powder, bullets and
punctured targets, Inaugurated the
twenty- fourth year of the club's prosper
ity. The weather was declared by such
veterans as Phllo Jacoby and John Ut
schlg Sr. to be perfect for shooting and
the high excellence of the recorded scores
bears testimony to the correctness of
their Judgment.
Sportsmen from all over the Union were
in attendance, the most prominent being
A. Hoffmelster, the star shot of the Iro
quois Rifle Club of Pittsburgh. J. W. Dick
of Dubuque, lowa. From Sacramento
came Jacob Gruler and the be-medaled
veteran, Jacob Weiger. \V. R. Hyatt rep
resented Lincoln, Cal.
The following prizes were competed for:
At the honorary target— Target rifle, pre
sented by C. Weiger; heavy silver set.
California Northwestern Railway Com
pany: ladles' gold watch, Hon. James D.
Phelan.
The first winner of the morning bulls
eye was E. Ladd, while the first 25 of the
morning fell to F. P. Schuster, the second
Jolly Members of Schuetzen Club at Their Annual Festival.
REFUSES TO ATTEND
THE DEWEY DAY FETE
Spanish. Minister at Washington De
clines the Invitation of
Chicago.
CHICAGO, April 15.— Graeme Stewart,
chairman of the Invitation committee of
the Chicago Dewey Day Association, to
night expressed surprise at the attitude of
the Spanish Minister, Duke d'Arcos, who
is reported to have written a letter declin
ing an invitation to be in Chicago on the
anniversary of the battle of Manila. Mr.
Stewart said that invitations had been
sent to President McKinley and his
Cabinet, all the members of Congress,
members of tue Supreme Court and the
diplomatic corps. To have omitted any
one would have seemed Invidious and
would have constituted reasonable
grounds for taking umbrage. Mr. Stew
art said there was no intention to offend
the Duke and he regrets very much that
the Spanish Minister feels affronted.
COAST IHUnION (SuriiM. «J4it«f).
( Foot of Market Street. )
— Fr-Otf April 13. 1900. —
BATLBOAD TBAVEZa.
SCHUETZEN CLUB HONORS
SECURED BY F. E. MASON
DANCED TO HER
DOOM AROUND A
GRASS BONFIRE
Little Girl Meets a Sad
End While Engaged
in Playing.
Despite Efforts to Save Her, Florence
Pasmo Dies From Burns B*
ceived by Her Dress
Catching Fire.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 15.
Little Florence Pasmo, aged 7 years,
died to-day at her home. 1523 Fifth street,
from the effects of burns she received
yesterday afternoon by her dress acci
dentally catching fire while she was play
ing around a bonfire.
The child, with some companions about
her own age, was setting grass afire in
a vacant lot at Fifth and Chester streets.
While dancing around the flames the little
girl's dress ignited, and in a second her
garments were ablaze. Her playmates
could not smother the burning clothing,
although they rolled the girl over In the
damp grass.
Her screams of pain startled the neigh
borhood, and several people rushed to the
spot and managed finally to extinguish
the flames with blankets, but not until
she had been fatally burned. One of the
first persons to attempt to save the girl
was 'her aunt, Mrs. V. B. Dlmmlck, but
the sight overcame the woman and she
was attacked wUh a severe case of hys
teria. The child was taken home and
immediately attended by Dr. "W. K. San
born. • Temporary alleviation of her In
tense pain was all that could be done.
The little sufferer was frightfully burned
on the body, and her face was badly
cooked. The shock was so great that
after several hours of Intense suffering
the Injured child died.
She was an orphan," and had been re
siding with Mrs. R. Knuth, a grand
mother, since her parents' death.
The Coronor took charge qf the case,
calling an Inquest for to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APBIL 16, 1900.
GREYHOUND OF
CUSS IS THE
DOG PALO ALTO
E. Geary's Wonder Wins
Champion Stake at
Union Park.
Captain Cane's White and Black Dog
Greenhall Defeats Hot Haste
for the Big B«serve
Stake.
Eugene Geary'e young greyhound Palo
Alto, mhich is bJLTdIy out of the puppy
class, Bhowed his heels to a number of
campaigners in the champion
Make at Union Coursing Park yesterday,
lie met and defeated Theron, Rock Island
Boy. Theroii again in a bye course and
i:i the deciding course for the stake Judge
P. J. lieiilys :a*t dog Warship, the lat
ter by a score of 4 to 0. Palo Alto led
by two lengths to the hare, which took
the dogs well into the field. Without
changing his pace he picked up the hare
mid iuhed. Judge Gtace allowed him two
point* lor gpee4 and two for the kill.
i rom his snowing yesterday he easily
ccrned the reputation of being the fast
est joung dog on the local coursing lieid.
lle , r ?S ilke ? champion in all his trials
and did not hesitate as he has done oc
casionally as he draws near to his game.
Luxor, the crack of the Curtis Kennels,
was an absentee. While in training on
1- riday he Injured one of his toes. It was
thought he would be able to run. but the
liniment applied to the wound retarded
Us ntaJmg and the dog could not run.
ihe dogs were all well matched and
provided nigh-class sport throughout the
uiternoon. The hares were better than
those liberated in the morning. The big
rt-serve stake was won by Captain Cane's
Oreenhail. which met J. li. Harrison's
Hot Haste in the deciding course. Hot
Haste showed the greater speed, but his
t-howlng did not Justify the bettors mak- (
Ing him the 5 to 1 favorite which they did.
lhe hare favored Greenhall and once ha
was placed on his game he proved equally
as clever a worker as his opponent, win
ning by a score of 3 to 1.
Rock Island King won steadily, al
though on the ehort end in the betting.
He was one of the last four dogs in the
ftake. being retired In the semi-final
round by Hot Haste.
For Glory was unfortunate In the sec
end round. She first ran unsighted with
JVeneas. They were pent back to slips
and in her struggle she pulled her head
out of the collar and coursed a hare fifty
eight seconds. Robert MaJcom withdrew
Aeneas, as it was a foregone conclusion
For Glory would beat him and nothing
colld be pained by coursing them again.
All bets on the course were declared off.
For Glory beat the imported doe Over
ture in the succeeding round, but the next
lime out Rock Island King proved too
much for her.
The attendance was large and the
weather all that could be desired for out
door .sports. The detailed results with
Judge Grace's ofSciai scores follow:
Champion stake— Maher & Reid's Bad Boy
beat R. E. de XjaooC* Crawford Lord, 5—3:5 — 3: P.
J. Reil'.y's Warship a byp, Luxor withdrawn;
J. P. Thrift's Urutus beat Curtis & Son's Fly
!njr F<x. S— 2; Curtis & Sons Narcissus beat
It. E. de B. Lopez'E Whltehead. 4—o: E. Geary's
I'alo Alto beat Oeorge Whitney's Theron. 4—2;4 — 2;
<sus AbercrcTnb'.e's liock Island Boy beat Cur
tis & Ban's Cavalier.
Second round— Warship beat Bad Boy, 4—3;4 — 3;
Narc!*tus beat Brutus, 4—o;4 — 0; Palo Alto beat
Bock Island Bey. 6—o.
Third round— Warship beat Narcissus, 4—l;
Palo Alto a bye.
Final— Palo Alto beat Warship, 4—o.
Itfsfrve stake— F. A. McComb's Little Sister
twiit U. L. Layton's Winning- Lassie. S— o: Gus
Abercrombie'F Hock Island King beat George
Nethercott's Freda C. 3— o; B. Silver's Ue
onnex b<sat R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder. 3—2:
P. J. Re!l!y> Grafter beat F. A. McComb's
Motto, 3—o; llorrlEan & Wieeand's Overture
boat J. Carroll's Aurkland. 3—2; J. Hurley's
O. K. Caiiitol beat Pterl & Knowles' Rußty
<~in]d. 4—o;4 — 0; Aeneid Kennels' Aeneas beat W.
<~re»nn*>r's *s?e Mocre, s—l; Sterl & Knowles'
For <i!orj - beat J. Keenan'e Royal Buck, s—l:
J. Horn's Bona Fide beat Curtis & Son's Ter
roßttc. o— 0; J. P. Thrift's Forget beat A. Mas
fey't Hadlwlst. s—l: Curtis & Son's McKlnley
l«"at F. A. McCcir.b's One Spot. 4—o; J. H.
UarnsoTi's Hot Haste beat T. J. Cronin's Rose
of Tral*-e, s—o:5 — 0: J. Charlton's Terarle, a bye,
Vnole Fuller withdrawn; J. Hurley's Ehylock
heat Pasha Kennc's* Rollicking Airs. 6—o; P.
McCain's Boney Bey beat A. Johnson's Moun
tain Beamy. 5—2: Lande & Gerber's Rlenzl
beat -T. M. Helton's Lavender. «—0;« — 0; H. Lynch's
I.ex'.npton a bye. Fir Pasha withdrawn; O. W.
HoiT-tz's Herschel's Pride beat P. J. Rellly*s
I J lought>oy, 4—l;4 — 1; Captain Cane's Green
hall l^at T. J. Crcnin's Thornhill, 6—l:
P. J. Rel'.ly'? Willful Widow a bye. Risky
Attempt withdrawn: E. M. Kellogx's lowa Boy
».<»6t I». Winier'F Random Aim. 6—l; T. J.
«><>nin'F Vandal beat Curtis & Son's Cash. s—B;
R. E. <i« B. Lopez's Diablo beat J. P. Thrift's
Ft. Michael. 3—2: N. P. Whitney's St. Anthony
lest Erwin & Lyons' May Queen, 3—o; A. T.
I^eonard's lla\f.ow»r beat Rursell, Allen &
Wilson's Victor Boy. 4—3; W. C Glasson's
Far.tonln beat C W. Bonnet's 'Wild Nora. B—7;
A. T. Leonard' f> Master Lawrence beat Russell.
Allon &. Wilson's Mil's Allen. 3—2: Curtis &
Son's Vulran beat E. H. Farmer's Moonstone.
12—2; T. Logan's Honor Brlpht beat W\ C
Glsjnoo's P!"!rhbelly. 3—2;3 — 2; George Sharman's
Wait a Bit beat J. J. Edmonds" Morning Glory.
f — »: J. Moriarity's Snapt<er Garrison beat P.
Reilly'n Lady Granard. o — 3: Rursell. Allen &
Wils'.n's P^lteful beat T. Sullivan's Maid of
th* Hill. 7—o.
Pffond round— Rock Island Klnp beat Little
Flster. s—o: Re-annex beat Grafter. 7—l; Over
ture beat O X Capito!. 3—2; For Glory a bye.
A'-nfas withdrawn: Forp^t beat Bona Fide.
*— 4; JTrA Haste beat McKlnley. 3—2; Shylork
Boy beat Temple. 2—l; Rle^zl beat Boney Boy,
3—2- HersrheVs Pride beat Ivxlr.gton. 3 — f):
nreer.hall beat Willful Widow, 5— S; lowa Boy
t.*-fi.t Vandal. * — <>: St. Anthony b"at Diablo.
4 — <>¦ Mayflower b^at Santonin. 3—2: Vulcan beat
Master Lawrence. 4—2; Honor Bright beat Walt
a Bit. 6—2; Fpiteful beat Snapper Garrison.
19-*.
Third round— Ro<"k Inland Kinp beat Reannex.
C— l : For Glorj' heat Overture. 3—l; Hot Haste
!.eat Forpet. 4—l: Phylock Boy »vat Rienzl.
3—2: Gre<>nhall beat H*rsch»l's Pri<s<«. 3—2: Ft.
Anthony beat Jowa Boy. 4—o:4 — 0: Vul-an beat M»y.
row^r. '2—o; Honor Bright beat Spiteful. 3—2
Fourth round— Rook Island Bar b^at For
Ol^ry. <— 1: Hot Haste beat Fhylork Bey. s—o;
Greenhall beat St. Anthony, 6—4;6 — 4; Honor Brigh*
l#«t Vulcan. 2—2-
Fifth round— H'rt Haete beat Rock Island
Klne 3—o: <sre«nhall beat Honor Bright. 2— L
Final— Greenhall beat Hot Haste, 3— 1.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<iLV)KIUC.MST. Established
In I «3 1 lor the treatment of Prtvat*
Diseases, Lost Man hnod. Debility or
dl!w»as**" earing on bodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others falL Try him. Chnr?a» iow
Cumeniiranlrrd. Ct^lorwrlt*
Or. J. k\ *mIUIH>>. Box 1937. 5 an Fraedao*
Bn G Goldfieids
Jb^iSvW^^^^^^ is as necessary as a pick.
MW^Wf^^^^ No miner should be without
ML*>cJi?r^ one . Unaffected by extreme
j^^^H Winchester Ammunition
Always reliable, sold everywhere. Send
M^^^^M name an d address on a postal card for
xt 160-page illustrated catalogue. It is free.
lis&//Pl Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
W®^T/-*\ J NEW HAVEN, CONN.
%&* 4 1 ® Market Street, San Francisco, Ca!.
¦ovTiiKK.ii rACiFN lonrinT.
(PACirio sTirrßM.)
Tralai !•»*«• <•¦<! Mr* tin* !• nrrlx Ml
MAN KiUMIItll.
(Main Line. Foot of Market SUeet)
•7:OW* BenicH. Mulsuii. Elmlra. VacatlUe,
Rumsey ami Hacrainnnto *7t43r
•TiOUa Shuta Exprna-Uarls, WUlows,
Ueil Bluff. PorUand •7i43p
*7i3Oa Martinez, .-uu lUmon, Vallejo. Naps,
Calist»caau.lB»uta Hihi •«il»f
•9i3»* Tha Omliml Limited— <)K Jen, Den-
T«r. Omaha. ChicaK<> *Bil3r
•SiUOa San Jose. Uvermure, .Stockton,
lone, nacrain^tit.i. PlacenUle.
MarysTllle. Chico, Ued Bluff MilSp
•«t:in« 'Milton, Oakdale, aonora. Carters... MilSp
•!•:<»«« HaywaHa. Niles and Way HUtions. •» 1:43*
•»:oi» a Davis, Woodland. KnighU Landing.
MarjsTih«. orofilM *7i4ftp
• »:0O» Atlantic K.ipress— Ogden and East **i 43*
**:UVa Martinez, Tracy, LatUrop, Stockton,
Mercrdand Fresno *iatl3p
•»io«» Port t'osta, rresuo, Mo]a*e aud Loa
AnueU-n ••r«3p
• I »:»»» Vallejo. Marttnex and Way Stations *«i 1 3p
•II:VUa Nilrs, I.Werinore. Stock tou, riacra-
mento, Mendota, Hauford, Vlsaila,
Port«r»lU*> MilSr
•I 3:4»0m HaywarUs, Nlles and Way Stations. 'St-I-Ip
tl:««»P rt»ctmnri.>o lilter Mteamnrs ?¦.IUOp
*3M»Op lUyw*r^. Nilrs and Way .Stations. *Sll3p
••4:«»r Martinea, Kan Itainon. Vallejo,
Napn, IMhlngsy Mauta Itosa *»il»4
•4i««p Ueoicia. Vacafllle. Haeramenlo,
Wi.o<lland, KnUbU Landing.
M»rji»illr. Ornville *lo: |.>*
•l::»i»p Nile". ."ai».lr>,eaiidSt.)Ckton *7113p
*3:««pThe Owl Limited— Tracy, Tretno.
UakerntleM. Han«us (or banta Bar-
bara. Los Aoneles. •li»:tst
•3i3op Stockton, Merced, b'resno •14i13r
•.¦>:::«? r>eano.iltakeran«l.l. Banta Rarhara.
Los AnKcles, Iviul.-ik. El Paso.
New Orleans ami Kast •«.«.¦»»
•}ia«r NtnU m Konts— Atlanllo Eipresa
for M»j»f« aixl lUnl *6i43p
•«:«i»p Haywardu, Nlles and .San Jose «7:la t
iai:i»K Vallejo •lailtlr
•Btinir Oriental Mail— Ogden, Cneyenaa.
Omaha, Chicago *9il3*
•6:30p Orieutal .Mail— Ogden. Denter,
Omaba. Chicago. *4il3p
J7iOOp Vallrjo. Purt UosU and Way Sta-
tical t»'-"r
• SiOSp Oregon aud Callfnmla l'.«i f"". "«o-
rHinento. Maryaillle. Ke.l.llng.
1'.irU»...1. I'iignt 5.M....1 and Kaat •Sll.l*
}7: »3\ Santa Cruz Excuriion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way titatlocs {9iO3v
•SslSa Nenark.Ontertille.Hau.lose. Kclton.
Boulder Creek, .Santa Cms aad Way
HUtloua •••••r
t3ilSp Newark. C'entertlllo. San Josa, New
Aluiailon. t'.ltou. H.,.i1.1-r Creek,
Santa Crur aud l'rlnolual Way
Stations t'*i nn *
M i l.l r Newark. San .loae, Los Gates '»i.io»
a 1: 1 3 p Glen wood. Felton, Bant* Crux c « -••"»<» a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FmbSII riiMISCO— r«tt sf lirktt Strut .Slu s|—
•7:15 9.00 11.00*.*. 1 1:53 *2:Q3 Sl?03
•4:Ca IS:C3 •JiOOr.a.
fr«!»9tlU!(D-rMI »ri!ro-l»»f.-"«.00 8:00 13 00i.il.
112:03 «I:C3 12:03 •*.« tl S3 •3:o:r.n.
t«:IOA Ocenii View. .South Man Kranclnoo. . fU::iUp
t?:Ot>« *»„ J, Ma »,,.| Way BUt>..na (New
' Almaileu We.li.enday* only) *l>SUr
1?:30a Sunday Excursion f r Ban Jose,
Banta Crux. Pacific Grove and
Principal Way .Stations {St33v
•0:»4»» Matt .l..ii;. Trea I'lnoa. MaiiU Cms.
raeiilc «iro»o. FUa lt.ilil.-i. bail
l.nta <>!,U|,,.. Hurt, Louipoc ami
Principal Way Station* Mi IA?
•Itililt San June an.l Way Stations *«:35*
•lli:i!>» Han.)<Ht«,LosG*tos:ti><l \V»yU*tinna *3>:iOp
t*:ISrH»,, Mate* ItolMOd, Mrnlu Park.
* Palo Alto. Santa Clan. M»n Jim,
Tres Plnos. Mitnta Cruz. Salinas.
Mnntert-y an.l I'acflio ftrova fl«::iri*
f!fi:ii»r Han .lose and Way (Stailona *7*3*ff
T l:l*r San .Jn,e an.l principal Way Hlatlmia *U:43«
(S:uor S»'i Jnif, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station! tOiO«»»
•5:.1»p Sau.lo.ie an.l Principal VTay .Stations f*tS3«
•«::i»r San Jose awl Way Htati.ma ?<:•»»»
ftllfrtSr Sau Jus«aiid Way btatlous *?:3Or
A for Morning. P tor A fternnon.
'Dally. t Sunday eienpted. 2 buuday only.
6 Saturday ooly.
a Saturday and Sunilsy. c Sunday and Monday.
CAPE NOME
TRANSPORTATION COMPANIES.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Sprines and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Aitruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagss Pprtr.za: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and EartJett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lak»\ Ponv>. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendoolno City. Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. WilMts. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trio tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket of <!<•«•. teO Market St.. ChrontcJ* bldr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
COMPAONIB GENEBALE TRANSATLARTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *w-.ta_
Balling every Thursday instead of <*7f,'Tis
Saturday, from November 2. 1539, at "'-"-'•-*•
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North ' River, foot of
Morton st.. LA GASCOGNE. April 19: LA TOU-
RAINE. April 28: LA BRETAGNE. May 3; LA
CHAMPAGNE. May 10. First class to Havre
$60 and upward: 5 per cent reduction on round
trip. Second class to Havre. $45: 5 per cent re-
duction on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New Tork. J F
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, San Francisco.
THE
ALASKA EXPLORATION CO.
Will Dispatch the Al American
Steamship.
HI
(CAPACITY SOOO TONS)
FOR NOME DIRECT,
Sailing from San Francisco
Monflay, May 21, 1900.
Special rates for freight and Insurance.
Through passenger and freight service to
Dtwton and all points on Tukcn River.
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION CO,,
139 POST STREET.
STEAMER TARTAR
WILL LEAVE
WEDNESDAY. April 18,
For VICTORIA AND SEATTLE,
First cIasKj— VICTORIA $10.00. Second, W.CO
First cIass— SEATTLE $11.00. Second. $a.OO
— For Tickets apply at —
OTTINGER'S Ticket Office. 620 Market street.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
FOPtTL.A.IKrD
From Sp«ar-street """hart at 10 a. m.
CADC First Class Including Berth
InnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails April 8
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte,
Helena . and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market sL
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
BAY AND BIVES STEAMERS.
~"f(Tr v. s^ navyyarFanTyallejo.^
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tuen.. Wed., Thura. and Sat. «t 9:4Z
a. m. ; 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mlsaton-street Dock,
Pier No. 2 Telephone Main 150*.
FARE : 500
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PAB1&.
fctopptnK at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York April 18 New York May 9
St. Paul ..April 25 St. Paul May IB
St. Louis May 2 St. Louis May 23
RED STAF? LINE.
New YorK erjd Antwsro
From New York every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...April IS Frlesland ........May 9
Kensington .....April 25 Southwark May IS
Noordland May 2 Westernland ....May 23
LMPiRt LINE.
S. S. Ohio, from San Francisco May 15 and
from Seattle May 24. to Nome and St. Michael.
Subsequent sailings June 30, July 31, August 30.
First and second class passage. No steerage.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
SO Montgomery St.. or any of its agents.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
KOF* THE
fe^ CAPE NOME
WSt'GOLD FIELDS.
The New and Palatial Steel Steamship
SENATOR
Will Sail From San Francisco MAY 14th for th«
CAPE NOME GOLD FIELDS
Via Seattle, leaving there May 19th. Sub»e-
Suent trips will be from Seattle direct, namely:
vie Slit. July 21st and August 20th. Passen-
errs are advised to inspect the Senator before
purchasing tickets via other steamers, as her
cecond-class and steerage accommodations ar*
superior to the first-class accommodations oa
most of the steamers advertised for Nome.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company has been
running Its steamers to Alaska— winter and
summer— for 26 years and Is the Pioneer Pa-
cific Coast Line. For further Information in-
Buire of J. F. TROWBRIDGE, Ocean Dock,
tattle. Wash. N. POSTON. 249 Washington
St.. Portland. Or. W. PARRIS. 124 West Sec-
ond *t.. Los Angeles. Cal. GOODALL. PER-
KINS A CO.. Gen. Agents, 4 New Montgomery
St.. ar 10 Market St.. Ban Francisco, Cal.
* BRITS
LBATK
7•AN FRANCISCO CALL.
pySIXESS OFFICE of the San Frandßco •
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— L 27 Montgomery etreet.
corner Clay; open until S:3O p. m.
mo Haves street; open until 9:SO p. m.
f^» McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Cl." Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. in.
tMI Miseion street; open until 10 p. m.
tlCl Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until ? p. m.
JOC Eleventh street; open ur.til J p. m.
JfT-6 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
IIC3 Polk street; open until * p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty -second and Ken-
ucky Ftn-cts; open ur.til 9 p. m. .
¦ ¦ ~ ——————— —¦~~—~~~-~
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commandery. No. 16. K. ..ac^
T.. Golden Gate building. ~5 Sutter Ifc"!'
St.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING t_Jf
at * o'clock. The order of the Temple
will be conferred. All fraters are cour- T
troucly Invited. _ . .
J C. CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
WM. T. FONDA. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _a\_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. JiLJ\ .
Business, P. M. and M. 13. M. degrees. / ~^
OCCIDENTAL Lodce No. 22. F. and A. ¦
I M.— THIS (MuNDAY) EVENING, itJV
7:30 o'clock, third degree. Master Ma- "JSif :
sons cordially invited. By order of the /~r '
W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2CO, F. •
and A. M.. Franklin Hail. Fillmore st.,
between Bush and Putter— Third d<-gree 7__f?
THIS EVENING at 7:39 o'clock. /Tr » I
HARRY BAEHH, Secretary.
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. <*__w_..
F.— Mt- rr.bers are requested to __I_J|_B>^_
B— rilllilf in their lod_eroom on
MONDAY at 12:2' i o'clock, for the '*""
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
bruther. GEORGE E. DAVIS.
V. F. NORTHROP. N. G.
CALEDONIAN Club.— Thirty-fourth . VaT JH,
anr.ua! gathering and games at "J\» yjj
Shell Mound Park. Berkeley, on 'S>vX_* :
WEDNESDAY, May 30, comprising
athletic games, feats of -trength. manly
Hpocta and many exciting events.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
jirocess Jrcm the Bed Dog Mining Company
nn<! South Yuba Water Company, in the Red
I><R mine, near You Bet Station. Nevada
County, to deposit tailings In Greenhorn
Creek; from Martin Kl:ne, in the Bowlder
Hill mine, near Plaeerville, El Dorado Coun-
ty, to deposit tail'.r.ps in a ravine below the
n.me; from G. _, Vc'mer. in the Little Klon-
dyke placer mine, near Placervllle. El Dorado
County, to deposit tailings in Coon Hollow
Creek, ar.l from E. W. Hayden. in the Bluff |
jjlacer mine, near Mountain Ranch. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in a ravine below
the mine, give? notice that a me€tlng will be I
held at room £S, Flood building. San Fran- i
Cisco. Cal.. on April 30. ISOO, at 1:30 p. m. i
SPECIAL meeting— Business of Im j>ovtance at j
ball at 7:30 p. m. MONDAY. By order of
THOMAS R. FORD, President.
ENGROSSING
Resolutions and <!!plo— as r specialty. J. W.
Griffith. He_ld> Business College. 24 Post at
AGK>TS WANTED.
AGENTS can make $10 per day selling our
novelty machines; write; on application will
Fend cut and terms. Thoa. R. Foote Co.. Loa
Anjreles. Cal.
AGENTS for an all-round useful utensil; belt
ever invented: $15 to $2i r*>' day; profitable,
permanent business. Call or write HERRICK,
1417 Brush St.. Oakland.
CANVASSERS wanted; salary' and commis-
sion. .•> to 11 a. m.. room 19. Donohoe bldg.,
J. C. BKI'CE.
A GOOD propO-Won for ladies or gentlemen.
114 Market st.
ASTROLOGY.
ruOFT'A?~MAPERY of Egypt, greatest astrol-
ogifct and palmist In the world: satisfaction
Ruaramet-d. 43" Golden Gate are,
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no tee without ¦access: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atfy at law. S5O Market, cor. Stocktn.
XV. A. S. NICHOLSON, aUorney-at-law; tele-
phone I>avis 234. 410 Kearr.y at.
ADVICE frees no charre unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 527 Market st.. opp. Mason.
F. H. MEKZBACH. attorney-at law , has re- ]
Buir.Pd practice at 503 Cal. St.. Clunie bldg. |
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 527 Mar-
h«>t yt.: consultation free: no feee.ln advance.
IJATII CABINET— HOT AIM, VAPOR.
ROBINSON $5 4-panel folding; door opens firm
ar.d safe. -.V. S. BROWN, gen, agt.. 426 Ellis, i
BEMJrIASj HARES.
IHB AMERICAN RABBITRY.
W. B. SINK JR., Proprietor.
"Finest imported Belgian Hares In the United
States.
See our macnificent young buck.
BANNOOKBURN.
A worthy offspring of the great Lord Banbury.
PRINCESS ZENIA.
The most beautiful imiorted doe In America,
T— i* Keck we will cell Yukon does bred to
Hannoc_burn for $32 £0. .
Young Sir Banbury does tame price.
Si"<e before you buy and get good value for ;
your money.
Stock by champion of the world Fashoda. I
Champion Edinboro 11. Champion Lord Ban- ;
bury. Champion Yukon, Champion Dash. Sir ;
Etyi*-, Lord Edinboro and Trinidad.
Park Avenue. Emeryville.
"One block fruni San Pab'.o-ave. cars.
EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS In thorough- i
bred Belgians; no disqualifications; pedigrees j
frenuine. Good young dees 5.". each: old on?s <
JS £0; fine ones. $10; also extra high grades, j
Prices according to quality; large numbers at ,
reduced latet; we have hundreds to select |
from. Also tome choice young and matured ]
bucks. $5 to $50 each; stock as represented.
Loe Angeles Babbitry. 309 Winston st.. L. A.
"LOUD ESSEX." imported, fee $20; "Teddy
It'>oi«"v*!t." winner first prize Loa Angeles, fee
$15; '"Dandy Style*.*' own son of "Sir Styles."
lee CIS; "Britain Prince." own son of "Lord
Britain" and "Avaianche." fee Jla; "General
Washington" (heavy-weight), eon of "Star
Buck." '.*+ tY>\ does bred to these bucks from
JlO v.v: oloted Sundays. F. E. MASON, 1710
Kv«?rett et., Alameda.
CHAMPION
BELGIAN HARE
SANITARY HEADQUARTERS.
10OV4 Sutter St., S. F.
WFSTFBN ADDITION RABBITRY. 21"7 Cali-
* fornia St.; salesroom, stall 12. Union-square
Market. OFarrell and Pom-ell ets.; choice
jxrdtgreed stock.
___ _
_JEI<«IAN hares— Fancy stock on sale: bred
and _iibr«-a does from $10 to $1W; young p^di-
gr-eed stock on ss'e at reasonable prices: cor- :
rcsponderiee solicited. I'ajaro Valley Bah- :
bitry. P- O. drawer D. Watronvtlle. CaX
RED-FOOT RABBITRY— Choice Yukon. Lord
Britain. Lord Lurgin. Sir Styles. Lmke o*
Auckland, Re-a Bover and Klondike Nugget
rfwk; some snaps in does ready to litter and
with your.g. We solicit correspondence.
Seventh and Clay ets., Oakland.
ALL the loading strains of hieh-bred Belgians
<>n hand from $:. up. BERKELEY BELGIAN
HAHi: <T>.. 2024 Prince st.. near Shattuck
aye.. A— -by station. Visitors always welcome.
eXLnPROOM for the Laurel Dell Babbitry of
Salinas. Cal., ct the Montgomery Market. 73.">
Mnrket Ft.; arents for the Meadow Brook
Belgian Hare Company of Los Anfrdes.
niOfSO-KSHBRI-D Belgian ha~* frcm all the
greatest winning strains. <"hamplon Edir.boro
11. Lord P.ritain and oth*rs. Trcmont P.nb-
Mt;y. ?4l* Sacramento *t.: phon- We«t 237.
VICTORIA BABBITRY— Headed by Pala'-e
J^oyal. •"coriig 4> prize*: other buckn nt *tu<]
•nd for sal*: doe» of nil rrart*« an<l strains.
br«*d anil linhrf^i. 1177 Seventh nv.. K. Oakl'd.
¦TOP. *»!e— Pedigrees Belgian hares; from $5
un-ar.l. MARKET-ST. RABBITP.Y. W. C.
UCNTHAM. proprietor. 1«J Market 6t.
lIAS^OT RABBITRY. 427 Sutt«r St.. S. F. Fine
pedigreed stock guaranteed; at reasonable
prices: service. Jl5 and $_">.
THE Kncinal Babbitry. Haslett t* P.ew. 1222
<Jrsr.d St.. Alameda.; correspond, solicited.
CHOI<~*K aK«' f » i*o- B«-l_-!«n huwt. ?0 Ooldeti
A ~TKK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
j« t.a »•<¦«. ',r wt— nrw>r *~ ~ *">?. *' n»r vr-a*-.
UICYn.ns — For Sale or r.K'linncc
XI4MELI-R tandem. hlel> bar. good condition,
r.ew tires, for sale ch*-ai>. 1-1 Powell «t.
lIOAUni.Vti FOR CIIILDR_X.
J>IUVATE Sk. me for children, 1 day to 13 years,
by 'mk or month: large sunny yard: select
neighborho'jd: inother'a care: kindergarten;
terms low. ISO 4 Post. b?t. Geary and Sutter.
CHILDREN to board In * nice respectable
family; very reasonable. 41 Julian aye., bet.
Hth and lMh. Mission and Valencia ets.
ONE or I children to board: nice *unny yard;
Vood horn*: references.. Sl3 Mission et.
BOOKS M?W AM) OLI>.
IPCHOOI? ~ItOOKS boucht and exchanged.
ft,,:— .. — ~-k <~« ~« V'«t'-*' «t. n«i- Third.
hootT a x u s ho^^J"A"2l-l? *'-
JSTHgaINs" in ladles' and chlldren'a _-&oca'
drummrn' a_— plea at manufacturer 1 • coat.
3 KOIILBECEER, I4S Fourth st-
nUSINESS CHANCES.
A^-TISO^"cORNER candy and Ice cream parlor,
one block north of Market; splendid business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market at.
A— JISOO; BAKERY on leading business street:
Wester- Addition; rent $65; 3 horses, wagon;
! new ovens: baking 3»i barrels per day; alck-
nc-s« "cause of Bale. See U. G. WILKE. »06
Market «t. ¦ "
A— sMo- PARTNER wanted in old established
and first -class paying corner saloon: retiring
wirtner to leave for Nome; a splendid offer.
Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market Bt.
A— sl2so; CORNER saloon; established for many
years and doing a rushing business; rent
$42 £0; best location on Sansorne st. : owner
clears above $150 per month. R, G. WILKE,
HO Market at.
A-4750; CORNER saloon, with 11 club and la-
dies' rooms; rent $-*0; place established for
years; very best location: first class; paying.
Call R. G. WILKE. ?06 Market st.
A^ir-'GO; CORNER firocery and bar on Hayes
st : rent J2i. including rooms; large stock of
liquors and Krucerles: a first-class, paying
business. Inquire It. G. WILKE. SO6 Market.
A— s2ooo; CORNER grocery and bar. with 4
living rooms: rent $00; 3 years' lea&e; the best
corner on Mission «t.; place doing a good
raving cash business; full value In Bight.
Call B. O. WILKE. t>OC Market Bt.
A— S3^o- CIGAR store; clearing $4 daily: splen-
did location: Market and East sts.; rent $12.
Call It. G. WILKE. 906 Market »t.
UIST
.".'.'.'.ESTATE OR BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
I CAN SELL 'iT 'FOR CASH
11. c. DECKER. IU2O Market at.
60 ROOM HOTEL and
Barpain. Price with DECKER. 1020 Market.
$750— SALOON on East st.: paying business;
rent $:0. Apply to DECKER. 1020 Market Bt.
«27j0 — GROCERY and bar; paying business;
?-vet sell. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$1M»— Old established corner saloon; bargain; |
colng to Cape Nome cause of sale. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market at.
$Sofr-CIGAR stand; good paying business. Me-
LAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market st.
$100— PARTNER wanted: paying business. Mc-
LAUGHLIN A CO.. 7774 Market st.
$300— PARTNER wanted In good paying saloon;
steady man required. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777't Market et.
jSOO— BAKERY with oven; bargain this day.
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777H Market at.
A— J4SOC— ON account of large and increasing |
business, young- man wants partner In dairy
produce business: controls first-class trade;
fine outside route: good horses and wagons,
lull set of machinery: everything favorable
for raold Increase; must have help; clears
$300 per month: best references; must be able |
to keep plain accounts: act as cashier, look i
after help, etc.; owner there 9 years. STEN- |
BERG CO., 935 Market Bt. j
$450^-I\\RTNER wanted in light business; $18 to j
$25 a week each to start; no experience re-
quired: trial given; a bargain. 9 Geary at.,
room 2.
$2O>— HOME bakery for sale: low rent; a lady
can make a fine living here and save money >
besides; a bargain. Apply 9 Geary at., r. 2. I
QUICK sales is our motto.
Should you —ant to buy. sell or exchange any
DroDerty or business, we are able to please
you in every respect. BROCKLEHURST &
MEG LA Dl >ERY. 759 Market St.
SALOON, hotel, cigar store, grocery, in fact j
any class of business; buyers will find satis-
faction and many choice bargains by calling
on PCHWEINHARD & CO., rooms 1-2, 917
Market st., opposite Mason.
A— s;r,o— PARTNER in business clearing $100 per
month to each; light work; short hours ; no
experience required. See Jones & Co.. 565 Mkt.
j^ViO— FINE livery and feed stable; everything
complete; clears $230 per month: sickness
cause of sale. JONES & CO., 565 Market 6t.
SALOON — Must be sold at once; this is a snap.
COWING & CO.. 719 Market st.
A— s;r.O— PARTNER; moving and storage busi-
ncsss K0 monthly. KREDO _ CO.. 22H Geary, j
$15 V.'EEKLY— Young man with $ISO wanted.
Particulars Cosmopolitan Agency. 26 Geary. !
! SHOE shop for sale; good location. 2007% Fill- j
more -st. '
SALOON at 4 Washington st.; cheap rent; .
owner going away.
GOOD paying cigar store and laundry office;
$300. Box 4674, Call office.
COUNTRY general store for tale— Complete
I stock, horse and —agon, etc.; well-built fur- j
nlshed house, modern conveniences; large I
grounds, barn, stables and' chicken-houses;
about 2C'O head choice poultry, cow; well-pay-
ing business; no opposition; beautiful climate
and eurroundings; price $4500 cash; house,
etc cost more: owner haa Important Interests
north. C. WILLMOTT. 916 Market St.. S. F.
' LEADING hotel in Monterey; 35 rooms, parlor,
i dining-room, kitchen and bar; con nletely fur-
nished: will rent, sell or exchange. For par-
ticulars write JOHNSON & CARR, Monterey,
Cal.
FOR sale cheap— Complete brlckmaklng plant;
gasoline engine: Quaker machine; capacity
I 5 OCO- located on Donahue road; convenient
for shipping. Address RIDENHOUR BRICK
CO.. Hilton, Soncma County. Cal.
OLD-IEsTABLISHED restaurant, with 6 fur-
nished rooms, all rented; near car houßes and
transfer*; rent $35; going to Cape Nome.
! 1915 Central aye.
| CLAIRVOYANT of ten years' experience
I withes a manager, lady or gentleman, with
j means, to go to Cape Nome. 126 OFarrell at.
' $175— CHICKEN ranch: 200 laying hens; all Im-
' provementß, fruit; rent $5 mo.; bargain. Di-
mond. Fruitvale, Alameda Co.. Isaac's ranch.
YOUNG man would like to be instructed in
i home-made candy-making in order to buy a
j thare as partner. Box 3473, Call office.
i FOR sale— 2 good milk routes and dairy store;
! 2 flr.e wagons: 3 head of horses; business
j Bpeaks for itself. Box 4CSS. CaR
i $3noo— FOß sale; a fine corner drugstore; owner
has two places: place Is making big money.
! Address box 3018. Call office.
i BARGAIN— Good paying oyster and chop house;
i only $100: must sell Immediately. 307 Grant ay.
i SHOEMAKER'S outfit for sale cheap: tools,
machine, lasts, etc. Box 2437. Call office.
BUTTER, eggs, milk and delicacies: fine flx-
i turei"; paying business. 115 Sixth st.
AN oil man of experience Is open for engage-
ment. Box 4KSB. Call office.
FOR SALE cheap— Delicacy store with living
rirms. 645 McAllister st. -r.:' .
BRANCH bakery, notions and candy; no agentb.
2:3*5 Fourteenth Bt.
BARGAIN— Good paying dairy; 17 cows, 3 j
horses, route, etc.; only $1100; must sell lm-
I mediately. Lock box 127. Fruitvale P. O.
I WELL-ESTABLISHED branch bakery, candy
\ and notion store cheap: reasons, going back
' East. 916 Railroad aye. South.
i BARBERS— 3-chair shop complete for $100;
! cheap rent. Apply 1D42 Market Bt.
i $I>OO— FOR sale; one of the beat located res-
taurants in city; owner has two places; a
fortune to the right party. Ad. box 3017. Call.
$300-SALOON and cafe, with piano, for sale;
' owner going away: rent $20; old established.
Box 3427. Call office.
¦ PARTNER wanted In fruit and vegetable busi-
ness; small capital. Address 43! Cortland
avenue.
! STATIONERY, notion and cigar store; fine Mo-
cation, near 2 large schools. 300 Hayes st.
i 4-CHAIR barber shep for sale cheap; party
! going Nerth. 3095 Sixteenth at.
: BAKERY store. 1105 Howard at.; 4 rooma, with
j larce oven and tools to-let low .
i t2~Q— For pale; groceries and bar and lodglng-
| hc,ure. 129 Perry st.
i $500— BRANCH bakery and delicatessen atore
for sale Box 3035. Call office.
| I.OKFEE and tea routes sucolled from GEO.
TV CA SWELL & CO.. 4« Sacramento at.
' CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
| received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BKANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has be«n opened
at 1223 Polk «t. : open until 9p. m.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
: »übfcrlptlcn» haa been established at 10S« %_•
lencla «t.
I A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
) If. fnces. in Tvrarper. for mailing. $i p»r year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
NEW bakery and laundry: --can milk wagon;
2-seated spring wagon; 1 heavy and 2 light
delivery wagons. 22 Cortland aye
NEW Sc Jd-hand wagons, burgles, carts A h_r-
r.tnt. work & driving hone*. 15th & Valencia.
SELLING rut. half cost. 100 sets harness, 200
waconr. 1140 Fi"«*rn rt. near Eighth.
: CARPET BEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHFN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
t Ing Worka. 353-3:7 Tehama at.; tel. S. 40.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
' CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
. BTEVENS. mgr.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 260.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
4r.3 Stevenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
CABPETS cleaned at Sc per yard; laid at 4c
• STBATTON'S. t Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
- tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM. proprietor.
! CONKLIN"S Carpet-beating Works, J3J Golden
Gate aye. ; telephone Eaat 12C.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION! ...' REMOVED 1 . .
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
The World's Moßt Famous Medium
and Clairvoyant.
Reveals Your Life From the Cradle
to the Grave.
Every Hidden Mystery Revealed.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed -
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis. .
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ,
nervous affections. The wonderful cures which
ehe has made are the talk of the whole elope. •
WRITE '
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thou-
sands have been made rich, happy and healthy !
without ever having come to see this wonderful
woman. Consultation by mall Is always euc-
cessful and satisfactory, and all correspondence :
is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call. MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
Offices removed to her residence, 10G1 seventh
aye.. East Oakland. Cal.
N. B.— Take S. F. broad-gauge ferry and get j
off at Clinton Station, second station -from
Broadway.
MRS. HARRISON, the noted and wonderful
medium, late of Stockton, Is located at 43
Sixth at.; spiritual labor readings daily from
9 a. m. to 7 p. m; circles every evening.
MRS. BAILEY, circles Tues. and Fri. eve.. 10c;
read., L. 25c. G. 60c. 1204 Fillmore. nr. Turk.
MEDA HOSKINS. spiritual medium. 1423 Mar-
ket, bet. 10th and 11th; elr. Men.. 8 p. m.
MRS. ROBINSON. 1646 Market, cpp. 10th; slt-
tlncs dally; circles Monday and Friday evea.
MME VERLEIN, life and card reader; busl-
ness advice 50c. 527*4 Post st.
ARNOLD-DICKSON: Bit. dally; consult, ,
meeting to-night; all Invited. 148 -"th. rm. 1.
MRS. SEAL, spiritual and healing medium;
readings and treatments dally. 24 Sixth st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, test, business
medium, life reader: sitting. $1. 1104 Market.
claikvoyants.
mrs!Hdr?^clark
the well-known trance medium,
permanently located at 205 turk.
May be consulted on all affairs of life;
¦while entranced she reveals every hidden mys-
etery; she >vill show you how to overcome
your enemies; remove family troubles; restore
lost affections; unite the separated; recover
lost or stolen property; locates minerals:
tells your entire life, while In a perfect
trance; satisfaction guaranteed by mails
Send stamp for circular, with special terms.
MRS. DR. CLARK, 205 Turk st, near Jones;
hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. daily.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; tips
on raocs. 1167 Market st.. bet. 7th and Stn.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller: gives best advice in difficult
matters. 19 Fulton »t.. near Larkln.
MIPR MELVILLE, great clairvoyand and water
reader; German spoken. 9211. Mission, op. Mint.
MME HANSON, palmistry: card reader; past,
present, future. 25c. 14S Sixth St.. room 12.
MME. ZEREDA of 5 Seventh St.. original gypsy
life reader: last week; readings 25c. ¦¦¦.•-.
MRS DR. WEST, business, test medium; re-
turned; magnetic treatments. 1206 Mkt.. r. 15.
MRS. SHELDON reads life fluently; business
ndvlce. 850 Market st.. second floor, room" 37.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. IH9 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212*4 Sixth st.
MMH RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice, names given: Isc up. 5 Fourth st.
MME SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus-
band'n picture. 2a<*: ladle*. 914 O'Farrell »t.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less >ufce?*ful. Room 810. i>?7 Market at.
"cottages to let.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large yard and good cel-
lar. Apply at 212 Colllngwood st., bet. 19th
and 20th (Castro street cars to 19th).
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and barn; 25x110; 1557
Treat aye.. bet. Precita and Stoneman. Call
at 221 Shotwell fit^
COTTAGE— Sunny and pleasant five rooms and
bath. 271S Bryant, near Twenty-fifth.
CALIFORNIA. 2913— Cottage; 5 rooms; bath;
¦ large yard.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 6 rooms, basement,
yard: stable if required. 1576 Fifteenth st.
COTTAGES FURNISHED.
HANDSOMELY furnished cottage of 5 large
rooms and bath and all modern conveniences,
piano included; sun all day; will rent reason-
able to right party. Apply at 4220 Twenty-
fourth st.. above Castro.
DENTISTS.
A— DR T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st. over Cafe Zinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by use of electricity, gas or
. chloroform; also by local anaesthetics applied
to the gums; the best and most artistic dental
work at reasonable prices; pure gold fillings I
from !1 up: other fillings from 50c; badly de-
cayed teeth carefully treated and filled or
crowned without pain; plates that fit from
$4 tO up; open evenings and Sundays.
A FULL set of teeth on a rubber plate, $5; a
full let of teeth on a gold plate, J25; teeth
without a plate: crown and bridge work our
specialty: see our flesh-colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years: fillings. i.oc; crowns, $3 50; all work
painless and warranted. Chicago Dental Par-
lors. 24 Sixth st ;
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our ppeclalty: gold crowns,
$3 f,O up: plates, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W.WILLIAMSON. M.D.. .Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and nils teeth painlessly by his ~on-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL «>et of teeth, $5: gold crowns, $3: new
methods In bridge work; fillings, gold. $1 up;
silver SOc: painless extraction. BOc; gas given.
New York Dental Parlors. 969 Migslon.cor.6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. 11th— No
charge for extracting when plates are made:
old plates made over like new; teeth from $S
per set; extracting SOc; gas given.
IDEAL gold filling inserted for 75c, with writ-
ten guarantee for 5 years; plates. $3: crowns,
$1. IDEAL DENTAL CO.. 6 Eddy st.
MEYER, Deutscher Zahnartz, 6 Turk: painless
ext., crowns, bridge work; open Stind. till 12.
EASTERN Dental Parlor. 119 Third st.; crown-
bridge work: ext. rainless; full set teeth $7
PARTS Dental Parlor. 225 K<_rny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. S4: crowns. $3: fillings. 25c.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenlnc* and Sun-
days. 1001 Mar-et St., corner Sixth. :
SET of te«th without plate. DR. H. G.
YOI'NO. IS4I Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. S!»n Market.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELEY'S C. P. mange cure and worm
pills hy all druggists or at the dog hospital,
610 Golden Gate aye.: a special ward reserved
for contagious diseases. Telephone East 287.
DR. BUZARD'S Doc Hospital. Post. Flllmore—
Advice and medicine 75c: city visits $1 50; nil
«n'rrnl« trented: dngjt honrded. Tel*. West 636.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL'S Is the. place to learn practical
dressmaking; late patterns cut. 103 Post st.
S. F. Dressm akin*. Ladles' Tailoring School:
French tailoring system taught. «1 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 387 Geary St.: dresses
made. $3 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory. All kinds pleat-
lng. pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor&Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F.—
Practical courses in bookkeeplnc. shorthand,
tpying. languages. telegraphy. English
branches, civil, electrical and mining, engin-
eering, etc. ; new SO-page catalogue free.
A HIGH grade school— Commercial \W-stern
Business University; arranged In departments;
pay only for what you set. Call or address
723 Market at.. San Francisco.-
ALL students but two taking full courss
thi» year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
AYRES', leading business college. 723 Market;
Individual instruction: bookkeeping, short-
hand, typing; life scholarship. $50: catalogue.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey. assay, cyanide, arch.: day. eve.: est. 1864.
VAN DER NAILLEN SCHOOL. 933 Market.
SHORTHAND taught personally or by mall; ac-
knowledged by official reporters "best teacher,
best system." M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgmy.
BOOKKEEPING practically; no theory; rapid
calculations. Tarr. Expert Acct.. Flood bldg.
MANDOLIN, the latest fad, thoroughly taught
by PROF. MERKI, 1008 Mlsslon;vlolln. guitar.
FnKNCH.Spanlsh.etc.Prof.De FUlppe'n Aradeaay
of lsr.Etiaeei.32ft Pont:ettt(ihM 1S71: shle«i ___,
ESPINA. Penman: business writing a specialty;
engrossing; Spanish. 337 Phclan building.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission.' nr.6th.
PIANO, banjo, mandolin: reasonable ; terms:
thorough Instruction. Studio. '4os Geary, r.' 47.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESENCHINESE Contractor and Em- (
ployment Office furnishes beat laborers and
domestic servants. 4 Carlos place, off O Far-
rell. bet. Powell and Mason; tel. Slack 4354.
A— MOST reliable Japanese and Chinese em-
ployment office; established over five years.
421 Post at. ; telephone Bush 135. _"
UNION Japanese-Chinese Employment Office—
Best help. 417 Powell St., telephone Clay SB.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chl-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 50.2.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Bert help. 414*4 O'Farrell ft.: tel. East 426.
ICMI'LOVMK.Vf WANTED — FEMALIJ.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse-
girl or assist with housework; references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Bt.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires situation; :
also firßt-class Norwegian cook, with best
city references, ¦ city or country: competent
woman with a child wants position in the .
country as working housekeeper. MISS CUL.-
LEN, 325 Sutter Bt. '¦ ' ¦
ENGLISH woman, good cook and houseworker.
with beat references, 515 to $20; also Swedish
woman wishes work by the day. MRS. IsOR-
TO.V 313 Sutter st. ¦
NORWEGIAN girl, excellent cook, year's ref- I
erences; also Swedish second girl, 2 years last
place. MRS. NORTON, 213 Sutter st.
COMPETENT person" wans a place as cook;
wllllne to asHlst or general work in small
family. Apply 508 Franklin st.. near Mc-
Allister. ¦¦ . ,
SCANDINAVIAN girl desires position as nurse
or companion to lady en route for Paris:
knows French; no wagea; city reference. Call
2623 California Ft. -
COMPETENT woman wants work of any kind
by the day. Write or call on MRS. NEW-
MAN, 719% Howard St., upstairs.
AMERICAN middle-aged Protestant deslrea po-
sition as housekeeper; references exchanged.
Call or address Hl4 Turk st.
WOMAN with references desires to be em-
ployed halt days at washing or housework;
terms 60c. Addresa box 4678. Call office.
AN experienced Infants' nurse. German: best
city references; city or country; $25. 929 Pine
at., corner Taylor.
GERMAN woman wishes place to wash.. 264
First st.
YOUNG German widow as housekeeper; nice
home; $20. Box 4677, Call office. ¦
GIRL wants to assist with housework; $10; no
triflers. Address 106% Third st.
COMPETENT girl wishes any kind of work.
P. 8.. box 4675. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by the day; washing;
Ironing. 711 Howard at.
GOOD cook and waitress would like to so to
Cape Nome with party. Call or address A. 8.,
9 Howard court. •
LADY with little girl, 8 years old, would like
a place to work in small family; home more
than wages; good plain cook; city or Oak-
land. 372 Clementina st.
DRESSMAKER from the East, flrst-class cut-
ter and fitter, will go out by day; make a
suit In one day. 1532 Polk st.
MAN and wife would like to take care of house
during owner's absence. Address box 4690. Call.
WANTED— A situation; a lady, about 36 years,
as chambermaid or waiting at tables; In city
preferred. Apply 565 Mission st.
GERMAN girl, speaking German. French and
English, wishes a position to take care or
children or lady's maid, to travel to Europe.
Apply or address 215 Union at. .
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third at., near Mar-
ket- 200 rooma; 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $«
week, convenient and respectable; free -us
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Ullmore.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
titements and eubscrlptions haa been cpenea
at 1223 Polk «t. : open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH ofneo for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at JOW >_•
lencla Bt.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
GARDENER, German, single, desires position;
experienced in all branches; references. Please
address K. 8.. box 4681. Call office.
EXPERT laundryman, wife good lroner, wish
situations to run a resort or small laundry In
the country. Box 4680. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
position; country preferred. Address box 4599,
Call office.
GARDENER, middle-aged, married and steady
man; wants-situation on a private place; un-
derstands the greenhouse, take care of horses,
cows; can run gasoline engine; handy with
tools; best references; letters. EMIL, Gar-
dener, box 3472. Call office.
ELDERLY man seeks .position, either to teach
children German, French and English
branches or act as companion to Invalid or
traveling escort; pleasant home of more con-
sideration than remuneration. Address box
3492. Call office. '
POSITION as foreman on farm by sober, ln-
I dustrious man; Is married and has small fam-
ily; haa had 10 years' experience in vineyard,
orchard and general farm work: wages rea-
sonable. Write or call at 2717 Marlposa st.
GARDENER, florist, competent In all branches,
wants position in or near city; fair wages ex-
pected; references. Addresa L. S.. 626 Jessie.
COACHMAN— Thoroughly capable of taking
care of- fine horses and carriage-; good care-
taker of gentleman's residence; city or coun-
try. COACHMAN, harness store. 1408 Polk st.
COACHMAN, thoroughly understands his busl-
nesa in all branches. Is trustworthy and reli-
able desires eituation in private family; ref-
erences. C. S.. 1022 Jackson gt.
AGED man, not uncultured, wishes to make
himself generally useful for neat home and
small salary; city or country. Address box
4622. Call cilice. ___^
HOUSE nalnter at 6C7 Minna at. wants Job by
the day.
DRAUGHTING: by your.g man, some experi-
ence: familiar with mining machinery; pay
nominal. Address box 3500. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH offlpe for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
j at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MA.YERLE. German expert optician.
1071% Market «t. : examinations free; German
»-yewater by mall. COc. Phone. Mint 257.
FLATS TO LET.
A— BRAND new flats, 4 to 10 rooms, from $18
up. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
A— NW COR. Sutter and Scott— Finest flat In
city for the price; Investigate; 6 large rooms
and large glazed porch; appreciated of seen.
CHOICE sunny flats, 4 and 5 rooms, bath; nice
location; Hanover place, off Sacramento St.,
above Powell: small families.
CLARA. 166, near Fifth— Three rooms, $7 60;
two rooms, $4 60.
FEW steps from City Hall; elegant flat; 5
rooms ; bath. 10 Grove st. >
IF you want to move cet printed list flats to let
from BALDWIN AHOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
JFSSIE 1324, off Hermann— s9: flat of 3 rooms;
tun all day. Apply at UMBSEN'S.
MISSION. 1513V4, near Eleventh— Upper flat; 6
large sunny rooms; bath and laundry; rent
reasonable.
SUNNY lower flat: 6 rooms, bath and yard.
1744 Folsom st.. near Thirteenth.
SUNNY lower flat; 4 rooms; newly papered;
116V4 Perry st. : two entrances: rent $10.-
THIRD, .153, cor. South Park— New flat; six
rooms and bath: all modern appliances; pleas-
ant outlook and abundance of sunshine.
$15— LOVELY flat of 4 large rooms and bath;
nice view. 292 Third aye., corner Clement:
take Sutro car. ¦ ¦¦
CHEAPEST and best In America-The Weekly
Call. . 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States. po«tpnl>l. for fl per year.
FIiAT-~TO _ET— FURNISHED.
FURNITURE of 6 rooms for sale at a bargarn;
In use only a few months. Call at 1794 Ellis.
FURNITURES FOR SALE. _
FURNITIJRE~?or sale cheap; 8 rooms and
bath; sunny flat; downtown: 3 steady room-
ers; must sell; payments. Inquire 299 Hyde.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. Klnc Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT furniture of 6 , rooms, for sale
cheap. Apply 341 McAllister st
FURNITURE WANTED.
PRIVATE party will pay cash for some • high
grade furniture : and • carpets. -• 14 Fifth at.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets.
piano. 1135 Market St.: telephone J«iale 7C.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 'Mlsalon at., paya
the hlpchest price for your 2d-ha.nd furniture.
' W..E. CODY (late with J. T. Terry & Co.) buys
furniture. carpety.C 757 Mlsalon: tel. Red 3—l.
PRICE & ROSENBAUM > pays spot cash foi
furniture. 733 Mission; phone Black 4074.
WANTED— Low roll-top desk iln good condi-
tion. Address - box ¦ J467, Call • offlce. — '-
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN &. C0. ...... ...Ph0ne Grant ISS
HOTEL v DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, $30; waitress, Sacramento, $25;
2 waitresses, Fresno, $25, fare here; 2 wait-
resses, Fresno, $20, fare here; waitress, Los
Gatos. $20: waitress, St. Helena. $20; wait-
ress, Keswlck. $20, fare here; waitress. Ban
Jose, $25: 2 waitresses, city, $25; 2 chamber-
maids, $20; chambermaid, $17 50; chamber-
maid, $15: 3 chambermaids, to wait. $20; wo-
man cook, • resort, $50; woman cook, $40; In-
Btltution cook. $40; bread and pastry baker.
$40, country.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Becond girl. Alameda, $18, see party here at
2 o'clock Monday; 2 housegtrls. Martinez, $20;
housegirl. Mill Valley. $25; cook for men. $25.
»cc party here; 5 German and Swedish cooks.
$25; 2 second girls, city. $20; 5 choice places
for housework, city, $20, $25; others; nurse
girl, one baby. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary at. •_
SUSIE HILBINGER. shampooner. please call
or send address to C R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary at.
3 IRONERS: fancy work; $10 and $12 a week.
C. R. HANSEN &• CO.. 104 Geary at.
TWO second girls. $25 and $20; two waitresses.
$25 each; 4 cooks, $30 and $35; ranch cook, $25,
see party 10 o'clock; houseglrl, $25. no wash-
ing; nurse girl. $20: women for light work,
$I^. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St.
HIGHEST wages paid to good sewing machine
operators on overalls. Apply at once to MR.
DAVIS, LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. factory 32.£
Fremont at. '
GIRLS WANTED -'¦>
To work on shirts; beginners taught. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36tf Fremont at. ; elevator.
GERMAN lady or girl for a month to do light
work: mind two children: $20. 617 Montgom-
ery st. ' -_
COMPETENT Scandinavian girl; general
housework: good cook; wages $20. 2264 Filbert
St., near Flllmore.
GIRL about 15 for light housework and 'earn
dressmaking; sleep home; $8 per month. 463
Jessie st. . _________
REFINED nurse for two-year-old child: must
understand sewing; city reference. 2340 "Wash-
ington st., 9 a. m. or 5 p. m.
WANTED— A girl for light housework: small
family; sleep home if desired. 1973 O'Farrell.
EXPERIENCED girl for general housework;
good wages. Apply 1627 Oak st.
YOUNG girl to do light housework; good home.
328 Eddy st.
RELIABLE young women wanted to help In
general tailoring. Inquire at 419VJ Stockton.
NEAT girt to assist In housework; wages $10.
Inquire at 1231 Folsom st.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats:
steady work. 744 Folsom st.
GIRL to assist In light housework; family of
three. 829 Golden Gate aye. _____
WANTED— GirI for general housework: wages
$20. Call at 1231 Guerrero St.. near 25th.
WANTED— GirI to assist In light housework;
sleep at home; wages $10. 222 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— Waitress; one who can cook short
orders on gas stove. 135 East st.
GERMAN girl; housework and cooking. 414
Van Ness aye.. 9 to 12.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on fine coats; must be
a young girl. 629 Post st.
GOOD finisher and buttonhole maker; steady
Job. 22H Geary St.. room 44. ¦
TAILORESS wanted at 1426 Polk at.
EXPERIENCED saleslady wanted for bakery.
1410 Polk at. —
AN experienced saleslady to take charge of
knitted underwear dept.; ref. Box 4097. Call.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman for light
hou Rework. 2627 A Mission at.
GOOD waitress for restaurant. Apply at 573
Hayes st.
WANTED— A lunch waitress. Apply 619 Sacra-
mento st.
GIRL about 15 to assist with children and
housework. £60 O'Farrell st.
WOMAN to do general housework. 955V4 Fol-
sorn st. .
WANTED— Neat young girl for general house-
work and plain cooking; wages $15. 2210 Bush.
GOOD home for young girl or woman to assist
in housework; wages moderate. 312 Sanchez.
GIRL wanted to run a power sewing machine.
Awning works. 1134 Mission St.
GIRL for housework and cooking; $15 month.
MRS. GOODBAN, 1117 Van Ness aye.. 1 to 4.
OPERATORS on electric^gower sewing ma-
chines on shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL
_ MICH ELS. t3l Mission St.
WANTED— Young lady to travel In good paying
business; no triflers need apply. Call_ Monday
and Tuesday. 34 Kearny St.. rooms la and Ib.
HIGHEST wages paid to good sewing machine
operators on overalls. Apply at once to MR.
DAVIS, care LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32^4
Fremont st. '
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists.
HOFFMAN & STEINHART. 230 Sutter at.,
third floor; take elevator. ___
WANTED — A young man or young woman
with experience In > aelllng crockery and
household utensils; for Sacramento. Apply 523
Al arket at., from 2 to 3 p. m.
APPRENTICES for tailoring: paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 641
Market Bt.
A BRANCH office for the recectlon or adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. Open till 9 p. m.
LADIES wanted— To learn barber trade: only
requires 6 to 8 weeks to complete; day and
everlng class: Illustrated catalogue and map
of city mailed free; halrdre«sinc taught In 4 ;
weeks. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay at.
FINISHERS and basters on coats. 117 Russ
street. , -
GOOD position out of the city for a bright
woman about 30. Box 4692. Call office.
IRONERS or girls to learn Ironing at St.
Nicholas Laundry. 17th and Folaom sts.
LADY partner with $200 In good paying office
business. Address box 4658. Call.
WANTED— Vest finisher*, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 609 Kearny St.. room 2.
TAILORESS wanted to work on custom pants.
423 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Hands on waists. FRANCIS, 736
Sutter st. _
WANTED— A first-class waist finisher; also
apprentice. I 406 Sutter at., room 39.
WANTED— Experienced cape operators. Apply
MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery st.
WANTED— A girl to work In bakery. 336
. Third st.
COMPETENT woman to manage office; must
be over 30. Box 3470. Call office.
FEW young ladles to Join night school: lo^
rates. Ayres' Business College. 723 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. *'- r " '
HELP WANTED— MAJLE.
MAN and wife for small resort, wife 'to cook,
man for outside work, $50; farmer and wife,
$40- farmers, $20, $25 and $35: 8 milkers, $25
and $30; farm man. small fruit ranch; Ameri-
can driver foremilk wagon, $35 and found:
fruit farmer. $!50 year. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
5 YOUNG laborers to learn mining. $2 day; S
Burleigh drill miners. $3 day; car man for
mine. $2 day; hand machine oil well borer:
3 car builders. 30c hour: 2 machine sash and
door men. $2 50 day; circular sawyer. « day;
2 blacksmiths. $45 and found and $&>; 50 la-
borers for mill and woods. $26 and board and
fare; 10 woodchoppers for mine. $1 2a to $2
cord, tools advanced: laborers near city. $1 <»
day. and many others. J. F. CROSETT
AGENCY. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for country, $50; ranch cook.
$20; farmer and wife,. $50; ranch cook, $17;
baker $12; baker and second cook, 1 $12 week;
broiler $55: fry cook. $50: night steward. $10
week: night porter. $5 week; waiters **»
month, $7, $5 week; dishwashers. $2a. $20
month- also other restaurant and hotel help.
J. F. CROSETT AGENCY. 628 Sacramento tt.
WANTED
"Experienced quicksilver furnace man, married
man preferred, $65 per month and house rent
4 strong young men willing to learn mining,
$2 per day: milker for Nevada. $35 and fare
paid; 15 farm hands for good ranches, near
city from $1 to $1 25 per day and board:
choreman on ranch, near city, and raise a few
veeetables. $24 and board, steady Job
5 woodchoppers "—..;" — ..; — "• — "
4 milkers for different places, near city. $25
and {30 • • • ••
•young; man to do porter, work In nice clean
aaloon in city. $25 per month and board;
camp cook. for 10 men, near city, $25; wait-
ers and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay at. . . - ¦ •
WELL educated Englishman to accompany
J advertiser to England ; . salaried position.
Box 4C76. Call. ': " ¦
COATMAKERS for country- Apply REISS
BROS. 24 Sutter st. -
YOUNG Germfll' man; 'dishwasher. 1241 Mar-
ket st. ¦
WANTED— Good coat maker: work inside; good
wages., 411% Kearny st.. first floor.
WANTED— Good steady . shoemaker at once.
L 923 ' Howard st. > >_^@3r^M_H____B_i
HELP WASTED— MAI.E.
X— MURRAY & READY.. Phono Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Want at 7 a. m. Monday. 4262 men......
8 blacksmiths and helpers, shops, rancnes.
etc. city and country V7",V.\*i
$2 50 day, $45. $40. $30 and found
Carriage trimmer. $90; band sawyer. $4 day.
24 miners, single-hand workers •••!;_•_ #5
14 laborers for a mine, fare $1 50. $4^ UO & ra
16 laborers for a silver mine. $30 to $35 and fd.
No experience required of laborers for mines.
6 stablemen, city and country .J ODS --.--V^,",U*^
$30, $40, $25 and found
16 men or strong boys to pull rhubarb, pick
peas, etc.. fare 30 cents $17 50 and found
59 farm, orchard, vineyard hands for all par"
of California $26. $25. $20 and found
29 milkers, different places.s3o. $25 and found
Gardeners, coachman and chpr* ma ": X'V",\'
16 men or boys to do chores.. s2o, $15. $W &M-
29 teamsters and laborers, city Jobs.soO & fd.
26 laborers, fare 60c. you'll 5uit.. ..526 «-nd fd.
34 teamstera and laborers for San Mateo and
Alameda counties $26. $27 50 and found
356 tlemakers and woodchoppers. $3. J- »«•*-•
Jl 75, $1 50. $1. 70c cord, 12c and 13c each.
some at mines V#V * * Vi" -V'an'w
60 scraper teamsters.... s26 and fd.. $1 ' 5 day
Gang edgerman: carriage woodworker $3 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
A-NO experience required on this Job and....
25 laboreryflrVhl^^wSdflnd yards of
a large company: $26 * n 4-i°H??7_S Clay «t
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay ".
A-BUTCHER and drive wagon. ~««^ t f
cooks, city and country h° tel »- 0 r « o ta^ %\
boarding-houses and ranches. $00. $40. **j •£,'
Second cook, mining h0te1.... 5-- aw» J o^
10 waiters, different country hotels M»m
$30 and found: second baker, helpers, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st.
at r R HANSEN & C 0.'5....104 GEARY ST.
A Wanted ror the CoSt Road, free fare^
_ i%
rock laborers y, a day
\ e .T^RKK-rA^::::::^K^n E
iks&ffis^s- »fa j l w£
Head cook" country hotel. *S0: second^ cook
springs hotel. $50 to $60; second cook ror
mountain resort. $60: second cook. Hawaiian
Islands, $50: second cook country. $40. Pastry
baker hotel. $35; 10 kitchen hands and dish
washers, $20, $25 and t 3 2".'V"*«*w'"T>nrt4r"f"or
2 housemen, country hotels, $20, P? r «f ™r
summer resort, $25; 4 bellboys $10 $12 and $lo
Walter and wife, country hotel $00 <.2 wait-
ers country hotels, ?25 and $30. C. li. «a.-s
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A-2 JAPANESE cooks for saloon country."
a -qjeek: Japanese waiter for R. R. camp, $30.
C. It. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary «t.
SECOND cook, mountain K»oA W; i^o*
cook, springs, $60. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
BARBERS' Progressive U^r^prje^fis' 1 "
ment. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 .th; tel Jessie la..
WANTED— Steady sober man for light work:
8 hours per day: will pay $16 per week to
right party; small capital required. Apply 1016
Market St.. room 10.
WANTED— IO men for mining. $2 50 per day
and found; must deposit $500 good security;
7-11 a. m.; 6-8 p. m. 2619H Harrison at.
WANTED— A tinsmith. Apply at 533 Mission
atreet. \
COOK wanted at 608 Seventh at. Call early.
WANTED— Experienced tailors on coats; steady
work ; good pay. 119 Russ at.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d ata.
GOOD coatmaker wanted at E3O Kearny at..
first floor, room 1.
DISHWASHER wanted. S Eaat St.
BARBER wanted: must be AL 12 Fifth t>-
BAKER wanted. 556 Fourth at. |_
CAKE foreman or a good second hand; wages
$14 a week and board. 911 Larkln at.
BARBER wanted; first class. 1333 Market St..
corner Tenth^
STRONG boy to run errands. Apply between
7 and 9 a. m. FRIEDLANDER. 333 Fell at.
WANTED— Bushelman for repairing; good
presser. Call 564 Hayes st.
TAILOR wanted to help on custom coats. 200H
Turk st. .
OLD man. good and sober, dishwasher. I Jack-
son st. — —
BARBER wanted; ateady young man; good
shaver. 623 Clay st.
ERRAND boy. 110 William at. oft Geary, be-
tween Taylor and Jones.
DISHWASHER— Sober young man; $3 week.
Restaurant 206 McAllister at.
GOOD bedmaker wanted; wagea $4 per week.
529 Howard st.
BRIGHT young man for grocery and saloon.
2608 Mission st.
DISHWASHER wanted; must do porter work.
37 Eddy st.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. E62 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the United States
Marine Corps. U. S. navy: able-bodied, un-
married men. of good character, between the
a«res of 21 and 35 years; not less than 6 feet
4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1 Inch In height:
must be citizens.of the United States or per-
sons who have legally declared their Inten-
tions to become citizens; able to read, write
and ppeak English properly. For further in-
formation apply at the Marine Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.. or
E3O X St.. Sacramento. Cal. •
WAVTKD— A fl—t-class Portuguese singer.
PETER BACIG.vLUPI. Edlaon Phonograph
Agency, 933 Market at.
WANTED— A your.g man or young woman
with experience in selling crockery and
household utensils: for Sacramento. Apply 523
Market st.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED A good cook who understands how
to run a boarding-house kitchen fairly, on
shares. Inquire 554 Broadway. Oakland, mi . a.
FIRST-CLASS butcher wanted: high wages to
an Al man. Shop at 127 Second st.
BOY wanted: strong, active. DENNISTON'S
Plating Works, 652 Mission at.
ELDERLY man. handy with woodworkers*
tools; steady work. Address box 4653. Cail.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade: only re-
quires six to eight weeks; day and evening
class; special inducements this season: only
institution in the world teaching this trade;
man of city and Illustrated catalogue mailed
Tree. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635
Clay st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
run, Denver House. 217 Third st.: 12» large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
Tiinrr —alter* steady work; 15 mlllmen; 20
T lum^lr pnirsfs rVnch hand,. 626 I at.. Sacra-
mento. Cal. .
MAN or boy to do Janitor work for his tuition
In barber school. 741 Howard at.
WANTED— Vest finishers, buttonhole makers
and apprentices. 509 Kearny St.. room 2.
GREEN hands and seamen to go north for the
summer at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart gt.
BOY 14 to IS; make himself generally useful
In factory. 7?3 Market St.. room 35.
GENTLEMEN'S suits to order. $1 per week, at
cash prices. N. V Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
PENSIONS— GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer; 16
-years' practice; Examiner bldg.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket 700 rooms. 25c nlsht: reading room: free
. 'busi and baggage to and from the ferry.
LIN'DELL House, corner Sixth and Howard—
Rooms 15c to 25c per night: 75c to $2 per week.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 220} Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the recerjtlon of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencla st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Eto— For Sale
FOR sale — A perfect road or carriage team of
geldings, dark bays; over 1G 1 ; hands high;
well matched, well bred and very stylish; no
finer, handsomer or safer team can be found
in California. Can be seen at the cor. 20th
aye. and Point Lobos road (Cafaidy's), or ad-
dress W. FORD THOMAS. 327 Market at..
San Francisco.
HORSES HORSES HORSES.
Will sell in carload lots; F. O. 8.. S. F. :
good serviceable young horses: weight 900 to
1400 lbs. ; owing to dry season will sell In
cariots for $10 each.' Address box 231. Ven-
tura., Cal.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harnesa. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. i
ANOTHER big horse sale: special announce-
ment later. Occidental Horse Exchange. 731
Howard street. W. G. LAYNQ. Auctioneer.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving homes at 1621
and 1625 Market st.. bet. Twelfth and Brady;
also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale— Fine doctor's team; 6 and 7 years
old. DALZIEL. vet. dent.. 605 Goldwn Gate ay.
HORSE, wagon and harness for Bale. 907 Point
Lobos aye.
FINE stock of all classes of horses at Swltxer's
'^JHorse Market. Twelfth and Marketats. (
A~WEEK'S~neVs for rcents— The \v>*kly Cal£
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, f 1 per year.
DECKER. 1020 Market at. .
•*sep^'~a--^e^g__i______
30-room corner; 2 entrances, naii «*
8-room Cat: new: * le S an ';-riii'ofnc"e.... 850
IS rooms; on one "»«« n ?«-f*&o cash!. 400
S7 rooms; on Howard at. . o«»*^ nr» ... *'*>
15 rooma; on Market st.: ™^ *Js ";. " 450
10 rooms: on Mason at.; V**™*™—^\\ 1000
Bpt_sll&S_!
_ C DE^KER JL 2^J£^!lJ!__^_^— -
mmmomL
R. H. WINSTON & CO
.. ic:« Market St r —
r-°:s%!K_»__i_______
PARTY wishing to sell lo^ n *
BASILE. 3 Eddy at.; new cash buyer aauy.
BARGAIN: good paying 14-room house; ateady
roomera. 509 Post at.. 11 to 4. ,
8-ROOM house: nicely f n u o rn a t^ ed: T^ W lo9T. fl Can:
UOI'SES LOUGING To L **^
IVY aye.. • 515. off Octavla. near Ha 7 e! J~_
rooma: free rent for repairs necessary. AP-
ply MADISON & BURKK.
IIOUSE3 TO LET.
a—PBINTED list: housea to let: send for cir-
cular, g. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 657 Market at.
2MI Howard. 9 r..J27 50 2111 Hyde. 11 r...52T M
1337 Howard. » r. 25 001536 Lyon. 8 r Z7 80
TO rent— For the summer; complete furnished
house of 7 rooms, bath, fine garden, pure
Spring water, beautiful scenery; with or
without use of barn, horses and vehicles; t
rnnes from St. Helena: % »"• '«" n __»s»°«-
V nr particulars address HENRY LANQE.
Grand Hotel? St. Helena. Cal. : also .cottage.
of 4 rooma: furnished or onfurnlahed.
\ HOUSE; 5 rooms: in rear; rent very reaaoa-
able. Apply £63 Ellis at.
t<t— HOITSE to let In rear of 225 Ninth tt.
~ IIOCSEs"Iro"IuET— FTRMSHED.
COMPLETELY and elegantly furnished mod-
ern house on Pacific avenue, between Bu-
chanan and Webster; U rooms and aervanta
room- 7 bedrooms; sun in every room; every-
thing in perfect order; stable on rear atreet;
will rent for 6 months or a term of years.
J. H. GILMORE. 323 Montgomery at.
TO rent— Modren house, furnished. 1410 Eighth
St.. Center-st. station. Oakland.
~ LOST AND FOI'XO.
LOST— On 17th st.. bet. Howard and Folsom,
lady's gold watch, engraved "B. W." Returr l
to 1424 San Bruno aye. and receive reward.
LOST— On Valencia, via Park, black gold pin;
portrait on back; reward. Call 106 Valencia.
LOST— In Oakland Thursday evening. April 12,
lady's gold watch; Initials N. J. C. on cover.
Return to 1522 Harmon st.. Lorin: reward.
LOST— Brown pointer dog. Finder return to
Fuller's drugstore and get reward.
~" BIEDI CAL.
DRS GOODWIN, the well-known laiiea' physi-
cian, formerly of 401 Van Ness, returned from
Europe with advanced knowledge; guaranteed
treatment *5: safe and reliable cure in one
day 15 years' successful practice In S. F. :
maternity home; low fees. 1007^ Market at.
DR O W. O'DONNELL. the world-renowned
ladles' opeciallst; aafe and reliable: has prac-
ticed In S. F. for years; treated thousands of
cases successfully: treatment can be used at
home; consultation free; success guaranteed.
Write or call at 10233 Market at. -
DR NO TOY KEE. late of Canton. China, tea
and herb aanitarium. 704 Sacramento at., cor-
ner of Kearny: all diseases and aliments
cured exclusively by Chinese herbs and teas;
advice free; office hours. 10 _ m. to 12 m.. ¦
2 to S p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. f
MRg dr! KOHL, ladies' specialist— Guar-
anteed treatment at oface. J5: safe and re-
liable; consultation free. 1122 Market st.. bet.
Mason and Taylor: hours 9 a. m. tot p. ra.
MRS DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; home
In confinement: guaranteed treatment at of-
fice, *5: any ailment; consultation free; con-
fidential. W2 Post at., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, 1035 Market, ladles' speclal-
ist: guaranteed treatment at office. |o: saf»
and reliable: consultation free; hours 10 to „
DR. and MRS. DA VIES. 1228 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed: treatment. Jo.
VI -VI— DR. WISE & CO., the ladies' specialists.
111S Market; every case guaranteed; $5 up.
DR. JAMES PIERCE. 104 Turk St.. the eminent
female specialist; home or office treatment S3.
DR and MRS. M. WEGENER— Private horn*
In confinement. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason Bt.
MEDICATED BATHS.
1500 FORFEITED to sufferers from rheuma-
tism, eczema, dropsy or any blood or akin
disease which Anldrosls medicated batha will
not cure: call or send for booklet. DR.
CONANT. 47 Post St.
UISCELLA.XEOIS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN. 135-137 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, ahowcases. coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1013-1021-1C23 Mission
st.. above Sixth.
A VERY pretty make-shape bracelet, having a
gem of a diamond in the center, for JSO: origi-
nal cost. $130. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
LARGE tent (55 feet in diameter), complete;
suitable for restaurant for Cape Nome;
cheap. 1625 Mission at.
OLD gold, ailver, diamonds and pianos bought;
highest prices paid. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
$15— LEAVING city; must sell Monday; fine
household sewing machine. 7 drawers, latest
atyle. attachments complete. ISO 7 Powell at.
ONE aecond-hand metal turning lathe, planer. *
drill attached; also second-hand No. 2 Hooker
steam pump, Emery gear; also pipe fittings;
1 automobile, nearly completed; 1 second-hand
227-lb Peter Wright anvil; one 7-horsepower
¦ g_s er.gine. 543 Howard st.
COMPLETE prospectors' mining outfit for
Alaska* $100: see this or write for list of.
articles. A. BRANDES. 707 Brush. Oakland.
LOOK at this— For sale; beautiful solid gold
watch. $15; cost $100. 14 Fifth at.
BARGAIN— Soda water machine: 3 fountain*
and generator; never used. 117 Hyde st.
FOR sale— Fox terrier pups. _3^i Tehama at..
upstairs.
12 HP double cylinder marine engine; gaso-
line: almost new. WHITE. 364 14th. Oakland.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machlntty. en-
gines boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear st.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Pop-
alar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., nr. Pine.
CASH registers, second-hand, bought and sold;
National and Hallwood. 1309 Mission, nr. Bth.
FOR sale— 20-horsepower horizontal alide valve
engine. Inquire Russ House.
FULL dress. Tuxedo, other suits. Portland Loan
Office. 23 Stockton: phcne Black _01; postal.
HIGH-ARM Singer sewing machine: good con-
dition: complete: cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
A FINE suit. $10; dress pants. $2 75. Misfit
Clothing parlors. 427 Montgomery at.
A COMPLETE outfit of 2d-hand sausa*e ma-
chlnery. Mclntosh _ WolDman. 195 Fremont.
PORTABLE engines, boilers; iron and wood
planers; lathes: Id-band. J. Burke. UP Beale.
A NEW Standard Typewriter: latest model:
cheap. Typewriter Exchange. 4C> California.
NEW and second-hand slot machines bouzht
and sold. W. C. EEN'THAM. 1533 Market st.
AUTOMATIC sewlns machine: oak woodwork:
latest attachments: cheap. 145 Sixth st.
A 10-TON Fairbanks acale and fire and burg-
lar-proof aafe. 216 California st.
S^F»^7 I i* W «-? nd^ "second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SECOND-HAND fireproof safe: 1 fire and burg-
Ur-praof safe: cheap. 42 Alain st.
B^FT JJ V ne . w and « c cond-hand. all slses. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 10?-lu Market st.. San Fran.
ONE 4-sided sticker; 1 planer and matcherfl
air compressor: i locomotives. 220 Fremont
E Si? ON conc «rt phonograph, price reduced t»
S?Vr C "? 1< ;' !r \ "S 0 -"*'- » 50- BACIGALUPI.
833 Market at. Saa Francisco.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1900
8Builders' Contracts.
Eureka Benevolent Association (owner) with
Adam Becker (contractor), architects SalDeld
& Kohlberg— Excavation, brick work, terra
ccitta. etc.. for a two-story and basement bulld
lns. on N line of CFarrell street. 23 E or Wil
liams, E 2S by N 62:6; $2150.
Same (owner) with Val Franz (contractor),
architects game— Carpenter and mill work, plas
tering, glazing, hardware, tinning, etc, for
same on same: $2993.
Bernard Cabanot (owner) with Alexandre
Hurthere (contractor), architect J. Godart— All
work for a frame cottage with unfinished base
ment, on NE line of Eighth avenue South 250
NW of M atreet South. NW 25 by NE 100. lot
26, block 139, Central Park Homestead Associa
tion; 116S0.
. Theodor* Enderla (oirnsr) with William Ttga.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. April 15.
Stmr Aloha. Jonsensen. SO hours from Cres
- Ce stmr Scotia. Jacobs. IS hours from Rockport.
Stmr Columbia. Doran S2\ hours from, Port
land, via Astoria 40*, hours. •
Stmr Luella. Miller. SS hours from Redondo.
Stmr National City. Dettmera. 14 hours frota
F Schf Harrow. Dart. 48 hours from Eureka.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, 25 hours fr«m Eu
re stmr GIDS7. Leland. SO hours from Moss-
Moss Landing, etc.
Stmr Coos Bay, She*. 73 hours from If twport
and wit ports.
Bark Germania, Rasmussen. 11 days from
B< s a chr e 'aiary C. Campbell. S hours from Tott
R Sch*r Newark, Beck. 14 hours from Bonren*
HeUqulst. 1« days from Maka-
W Schr Canrchlll. Treanor. 5 days from Ooosi
Bay - SAILED.
Sunday. AsrU IS.
Stmr Noyok Lerinson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Santa Roea. Alexander. Saa Diego.
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. .
Bark John and Wlnthrop. Macomber, | Cap*
Nome.
Bktn Portland. Larsen. Whatcom.
Schr Kodlak. Scheel, Unalaska.
Schr A. M. Baxter. Marshall. Seattls.
Schr Chas. E. Falk. Brown. .
Schr Falcon. Anderson. Seattle.
Schr Corinthian. Corth. Bowens Landlnr.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO3. Anrll 13—13 p. ra.— Weather,
hazy; wind, west: velocity. S miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Adill 15— Bark Harry
Morse, for Nushasak.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed April 15— Schr C:
S. Holmes, for I! lake ley; schr Saa Buenaven
tura, for Hadlock.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 15—
Haw stmr San Mateo. from Nanalmo.
MENDOCINO— Arrived April 15— Stmr Point
Arena, hence ADril 14.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Asrll 15— Soar
-Queen, from Port Townsend.
BAN" PEDRO— Sailed April 15— flohr Lanra
Madsen. for Grays Harbor; stmr Sunol. for Saa
Francisco. ~ •
ASTORlA— Arrived April 15— Stmr Geo. W.
Elder, hence April 13; stmr Stats- of California,
SAN DIEGO-^-Sailed ADril 15— Br stmr Robert
Adamson, for Nanalmo. _...._.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April I»— Schr
C S Holmes, from San Pedro; schr San Buena
ventura, hence April 4; stmr Pathfinder, from
Honolulu; Jap stmr Rlojun Mam. from Yo
kohama. Sailed— April 15— Stmr Queen, for
Port Gamble. FOREiGN
HONGKONG— SaiIed April 14— Jap stmr
America Marue. for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived ADril 15— Stmr La Gas- .
cogne. from Havre. Sailed— Asrtl 10— Stmr
Menomlnee, for London; stmr Werra, for Na-
P haMBURG— Arrived April 15— Stmr Augunta
Victoria, for New York.
QCEENSTOWN— SaiIed April 15— Stmr Ivst
nla. from Liverpool, for New York.
BOSTON— A rrtrad April 15— Stmr Ultonia.
from Liverpool; stmr FtrurUa. from. Olaagaw.
In the Handball Courts.
There were eleven double-handed gamea
of handball played at Phil Ryan's court,
858 Howard street, yesterday afternoon.
The play was exceptionally good and
great enthusiasm was manifested by the
spectators. The following are the scores:
Dr Damas and S. Garvey 31 21 tl
Dan Crowley and William 51de11.... 14 IS 13
T McManus and J. Dooley 21 21 20
C. Basch and M. Berwln U 19 31
G. McDonald and P. McKinnon.... 21 tl 31
M. McXell and L. Carraine..... 13 10 13
G B. Hayward and M. Levy... 21 IS 21
W. Fisher and S. Wurkhelm 18 21 17
W. H. Stebemt and P. Ryan 21 21 «
E. JlcDonough and E. Lynch 13 1* IS
P Hutchlnson and M. Dillon tl 21 H
P. Kelly and G. Hutchlnson 10 11 15
R. Murphy and T. Leach 21 11 21
A. McVicker and J. Condon 13 21 IS
R Hausman and "W. F. Stapff. ...'.. 21 M 21
G." 8.. Hayward and J. Daly IS 21 14
E White and E. Antroa 21 19 Jl
T." Foley and J. KUlion IS IX IS
J. Broyer and E. Cereghlno..-. 21 IS 21
R. Regll and C. Lakln.... 14 21 17
J Hariow and E. Curley.... 21 tl . 13 10 21
E. Toy and W- Maguire.... 13 IS 21 tl 12
Skipping Intelligence.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column (fives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when th»re are hut
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of th* lnw-r low w*t*rs.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
PLACER OIL MEN
LEARN PUNS Of
THE SCRIPPERS
The Contest Between Two
Classes of Claimants Is .
Near to Climax.
Chairman Wright of Committee on
Legislation of California Miners'
Association Criticizes Proposed
Amendment to Petroleum Law.
The controversy between the placer lo
cators of oil lands and the "scrlppers" is
growing more bitter. The miners having
taken measures to have the law amended,
the "scrippers" have also had an amend
ment drawn, which is entitled "Proposed
amendment to proposed act of Congress,
recommended by the California Miners'
Association and by the Petroleum Miners'
Co-operative Association, entitled 'A bill
to amend the petroleum act approved by
the President February 11, 1897. * " The ex
tent of the interests at stake warrants
the publication of this proposed amend
ment in full. It Is as follows:
At .the end of section 1 of said proposed,
bill Insert the following:
Provided, however, that the provisions of
this act shall not Inure to the benefit of
any placer mining location. If It be rfttown
that the locators thereof, or any of them,
have, during the current or preceding cal
endar year, located or been parties to any
location .of other placer mining ground
within the same mining district or
within the same township; and provided,
an individual or as a member of an asso
ciation of persons, locate as petroleum
lands, or be a party to the location of more
than one petroleum claim In any one min
ing district or township: and provided,
further, that this law shall not Impair or
affect any adverse rights that may have
attached to lands affected hereby before the
passage of this act: and provided, further,
that the notice of location hereinbefore re
quired to be filed In the local land office
shall be accomsanled by the affidavit of
each of the parties named therein as lo
cators, to the effect that he has personally
been over the land In question and care
fully examined the same; that he believes
said land contains petroleum or other min
eral oils, or other valuable hydro-carbons
In profitable quantities, and that he Intends
In good faith to explore and develop the
same, as required by law, for Its petroleum,
mineral oil or other hydro-carbons, and that
he has not been a party to any other pe
troleum placer location In the mining dis
trict or township In which said location Is
made during the current or Drecedlne cal
endar year, and that such location Is made
In good faith for his own use and benefit,
and not for th« use or benefit of any other
person whatsoever, and is not for specu
lative purposes.
The most casual glance will show any
one familiar with the facts that this pro
posed amendment Is charged with explo
sives from the start to the finish. It Is
attributed to Shirley C. Ward. Fuel Is
added to the fire by a statement made in
a southern paper in the same connection
that in Kern County within a year 103
persons have located 5243 placer petroleum
mining claims of twenty acres each, an
average of over eighty claims, or 16P0
acres to the person, or a total of 164.9C0
acres. Five persons, it is alleged, have be
tween 200 and 250 claims, seven have be
tween 150 and 203 claims, thirteen have be
tween 100 and 150 claims, forty-one have
between 50 and 100 claims and thirty
seven have between 30 and 50 claims. Some
figures of the same sort are also made to
apply to Fresno County.
John M. Wright of the California Min
ers' Association, chairman of the commit
tee on legislation, has made the following
statements:
Placer miners have always been per
mitted to make as many placer loca
tions as they saw fit and could sus
tain. The aim of the proposed amend
ment is to limit the placer locator to
one location in any one township or
mining district, and that would let the
"scripper" grab all the remainder. The
provision that every person shall per
sonally examine the land In question
and make personal affidavit that ho
has done so is impractical. Judge
Wright attacks the provision that the
affidavit shall set forth that the loca
tion is made only for "his own use
and benefit" as equally absurd. From
all of which it will be seen that there
will be much more fighting between
the placer locator and the "ecripper."
The placer locators assert that the
•railroad company Is back of most of
the scripping.
The oil business in Los Angeles has not
been unmixed profit. On excellent local
authority it is taid that of the wells put
down by the Union Oil Company on the
south side of First street, one-half were
never pumped at a profit, and west of
Alvarado street, where some of the best
wells in the district are now located, the
same company made an expensive experi
ment but got no oil. On the other hand,
the first wells in the vicinity of the
Union-street School-house, south of First
Btreet, were drilled contrary to the ad
vice of the "old stagers," by men who
had no experience in the oil business or
were termed "oil cranks." The exact lo
cation of the oil strata was pointed out
by one of these supposed visionaries many
months before a successful well was
struck oa First street. Ventura County
oil has been found by tunneling into the
mountains and letting the oil flow out by
gravity. One man was offered $100,000 for
such a tunnel. The Bakersfleld Callfom
ian says that there has been only one
failure on account of a dry well In the
Kern River oil district. The Sunset Tele
phone Company and the telephone line of
the oil men's corporation in the Sunset oil
district will compete for business.
A H. Ricketts. reviewing the placer
mining law and its application to the oil
locations, writes: "The rights of the oil
miners are now determined by the rules
that govern a placer claim, located for
building stone, though the one requires
the drilling through of exploratory holes,
perhaps hundreds of feet in depth, or the
running of a tunnel to a great length to
demonstrate its value, while the other is
merely quarried. The oil claim is put
upon the same plane as a claim having a
superficial auriferous deposit, the value of
which can be proven with little outlay
and money. This Is clearly unjust to the
oil miner, being In utter disregard of the
conditions which surround him."
Weather Report.
OJOth Meridian— Paclflo time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 15—5 p. m.
The following ara the seasonal rainfalls ta
date as compared with those of the same data
last season and the rainfall in the last 21 hours:
Last This Last
Stations— n hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.00 47.36 31.55
Red Bluff 0.00 20.53 19.37
Sacramento 0.00 IS.4i> 13.91
San Francisco 0.00 17.89 15.SS
Fresno o.co 7.13 «.7«
Independenca 0.00 1.73 I.l*
San Luis Oblspo O.CO 15.2U 14.77 k
Los Angeles 0.00 5.«3 4.73 *
San Diego 0.00 3.33 4.53
Yuma 0.00 0.73 1.3*
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
89; minimum, SO; mean. C(X
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over th« Pacific Slop*,
whll© cloudy weather, with showers, is report
ed from the Rocky Mountain and southern pla
teau regions.
The pressure has fallen along th* Paclfla
Coast and risen over' the Rocky Mountains.
An area of high pressure Is central in Brltiah
Columbia, while th« pressure la lowest In
Southern Arizona.
The temperature haa risen over th» «ntlr«
Pacific Slope.
Conditions ar<» farorable for fair and contin
ued warm weather In California Monday.
Forecast mads at San Francisco for 30 hours
•nding midnight. April 18. 1300:
Northern California— Fair; continued warm
Monday; light northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
wind.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
Utah— Cloudy, probably with showers, Mon
day.
Arlaoea— Cloudy Monday; probably showers
In north portion.
San Franciaco and Vlclnlt»— Fair Monday;
light northwest wind. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
TO SAIL,
TO ARRIVE.
ler (contractor).' architects Marten* A Coffey —
All work except lathing, ptasterlng, plumbing,
gas fitting, painting, graining, mantels, gas
fixtures and shades for^ a two-story fram«
building, with partial basement (four flats), on
N line of Twenty-second street. 52 E of. Castro..
E M by N 51:6: 14632.
United State« Coast and G«odetto Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
th« city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- fly« minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is th« aam» at both places.
MONT>AY. APRIL 1«.
Sun rises 3:34
Sun sets 8:49
Moon rise* - 3:53 p. m.
SIISCKLLANEOrs WANTS.
WAVTED— Secocd-hfind upright r-'.ano fo*
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1710 Market at.
JttOAfcfi TO LOA.V
ANT rrcposltlcn, any amount; 6 per c»nt-'flr«r
recond mortgages, estates In probate, interest
:n estates, legacies, corporation loan! chattel
mcrtrapes; confidential ; advice tree. G E.
01-gEX, room lii. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
ANY amount at C per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d vnort-
«£<•«. undivided interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages anj legacies bought: no de-
lay: ret mjr terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCQLGAN. 14 Montgomery, r. 8.
HIGHLY re«i actable private place to obtain
liberal advances «n diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. *4« Market
ft.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third et.
ON real c-atate. Ist or tnd raortgaKes, and on
FornltSTC or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER & CO.. 26 Montgomery.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. J-welry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamends.
ANY amount br private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates: confidential.
BOXELLI. Conservatory blCg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 12« Kearny «t.. rocm 9, respectable private
pla.ee to borrow on watches, diamonds; lowest
rates; take elevator. Tel. T;avis 835.
ON OmJUirs! and piano* without removal: quick
»ervice; money direct: lowest interest. Rooms
CS and 6S. Denoboe building. 1170 Market Bt.
LOANS made on furniture at 1H per cent: also
loans to salaried people. HARSHBAKGER,
Zii Ellis et.. room 24. s'~;
MONEY loaned; unsecured note cf any man of
fr^Kd character. Prescott & Co.. Phoenix, Ariz.
To sa!ar;M people: without security; all bu«l-
n«fs confidential. Tousley Co.. ZtV Parrott bldg.
PRIVATE party, on furniture and planes; 2%:
no removal: no commission. 6 Eddy st.. r. £1.
ANY amount at 2 per cent on furniture and
ether oo!!a:eral. D. McRAE. 743 Mission st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants" Exchge.. 431 Calif.
At'PTINS FsJary Loan Co.. 366 Parrott build-
ing—Men can secure loans en personal note.
CA?H loaned to salaried people on note without
lniwrser. MORHELL. 6C3 Examiner building.
ISO TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and Id mortgs.:
ar.y rrrpositicn. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
con2mi?«lon; private. LICK. 116 McAllister.
IF ycur property Is mortraped and you need
mere money see EL MURPHY. €30 Market at.
TO -alaried wn, without collateral or lndcrser;
other propositions: private rooms. San Fran-
clsro niscourit ArTiry. 143 Phelan l.u'.lii'r.c.
MONEY WASTED.
S2OOO LOAN at 6 per cent; 60 acres improved
ranch: nice house; fruit. Uox 3435. Call.
WANTED— A loan of J7COO on good security.
Address box 46^. Cell.
UIMCAL l.WiltLJufc.'STS.
AS we represent the best make of pianos in
every grade, from Bteinway down to low-
priced makes, and as our installment pay-
ment* are easier than these of ether dealers.
we are the people from whom you should
purchase; new ujricht pianos. $6 cash, $6 per
month; other pianos f3. 14 and $5 p< % r month.
EHERMAN. < LAY A.- CO ., Steinway Deal. rs.
o.t Kearny and Futter ets.. San Krancisco;
cor. Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
A LIST OF MONEY SAVERS.
famrles rrom factory which are out of our
rt-puiar Sine: such rr.-ikes as Wt-h»>r. Hardman.
Ccnover. B<rhr. Everett and Kinesbury; pric*-«
frcm JIC2 to »:iXi l^s than resrolar price. AUo
t Elisbtly used pianos frcm $107 up; easy pay-
ments See us this week if you want a aaap.
I ENJ CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A LAKeJE number of pianos yet remain cf the
Harr.i'.tcn-liancroft stock: Steinway concert
grancs. Chickerirg. Hallett &^">avis, Elling-
t,i etc.; equares, Xi up; uprights, $50 Up;
ttnjcs. :> c up; guitars, tl up; mandoline, $2
ulj. BjTOO Mauzy Piano Warerooms. 308-312
Post *¦(.. «ele tirr.t Sohmer and Byron Mauzy
planes.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest !,jj»-
»ett cf Ctiirapo ie KOHLER & CHASE'S,
ft. 2* and 3u O'Farrell St.; ria no ». organ* and
tt!l ether musical instruments of all gra i-a
arid ijrices: t«rru;t e&£y; pricea lowest: every-
thing possible dune ¦.» {.leane &cd satisfy th*
customer.
KNABE pi&nce: new «rale: new etyles. KuH-
LEIt A chafe, so OTarrell st.
WE know that we give the best goods for the
lean money; rail on us and ccc cur Decker.
Packard or Buothe pianos. MAUVAIS, 76a
WE tave ju« what >«..u want In the way of a
liano; rric«< and terma to euit. MAUVAIS.
TO Market st.
BUY one of our beautiful Olympla self-p!aylns
masic tcie» on Installments If you can't spare
th- tacfe. MAI-VAI3. -.'-•> Xark-t st.
FORCES sale of an elegant Chas» Bros, jiiam;
t^-riutiful upriefct: fee it before purchasing;
seller will tike square as partial payment;
t.alan'-- cash cr tlyr.e. Tlocm 12 Fl<>od bH?.
6TEINWAT. %W>- Vcse & pr.n's. JH7 W: Insta!!-
m«ms S." ?:. up: rents tZ up. HEINE. 136 Ellis.
THE place to buy a good s«»c«'nd-han<i piano;
14*. up. P. F. Music Co., 225 Sutter s>t.
GOOD Fischer; great bartraln Schmltz. 16 Me-
AlllMer st., next Hibernia Bank.
$". — VERY pood upright piano; cost $350; for
sale on tZ Install meets. 1115 Pest Et.
FINK FlschT A Ftefnway upright: sacrificed.
KEEFFF.'S. ICIS Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary st
FINE lar«re upright piano sold for storage; $104
cash. WILSON'S STOrtAGF.. 1710 Market st.
A BARGAIN— Stein way, yirs; store open S-at.
t\en:rr. H**.ne Piano Mfg. Co.. 135 EHi* St.
J>'N'T buy: rent a new piano. (3 per nv-.nth.
f-<~r>TT-'"T"RTAZ PIANO CO.. s'"o Haves at.
V. G. PAI-CER. 412 Sa.crarr.ento st. agent for
Frarrj« Caeca aM Hallett fr DaTta nlati-s.
<;<«">!< upriefct piano; nearly new; cheap.
j-jfiKXI'NG'S. 116 McAllister st.
EtTPERIOR rlolins. titters, nl-i and n»w. H. ¦
fcICLLER. maker, repairer. 2 I.atham place.
A WgEH'g n-w« foe 5 cents. The Weekly Call,
:•" ••¦"*. in v-.,;;<--r. frr m?Mir.e. {1 |>er year.
OFFICES A\D STOKES TO LET. i
VALENCIA, S3. near Twenty-flrrt— Large ele-
gant eti;re; rear rooms; large basement.
STOKE t'j let— Fifth st_. near Folsom. inquire
at Z22 Fifth et.
FCli TTnt-Elegant office In Y. m! E A?
building. Hssffi ar.d Kll's ata.
rALMISTUV.
MME. Newcaard. Prea. 6t. Germain College of
Palmistry; reads 1 to S. €16 Geary, nr. Jonea.
GO to Watson; "only" natural r-almtst and oc-
cult medium: readircs 2^c. If-U Market st.
PEKSO.VALS.
WILL~jCTI~ rEnMUXI>Sr EnMUXl>S ! OX (printer) Vend "his
addreta to GEO. D. KISKE. Woodland. Cal.
UEUEBSSea yulnto.-.ica hair tonic really beau-
tifies the hair, 3ic bottle; Lederer's Foamo
M-;?.:r!poo Sc package; it's great. 123 Stockton.
Lni'KKKK restore* gray hair to ita natural
color for $1 &0 to $5; usea Scheffier'e Colorine.
75c box; the very latest hair styles only £.c
123 hu-ckton at.
BELLE— Oudry ie not a lady; be Is a photog-
rapher In Oakland^
AIRS Dli. L. BI'RCEP. lste matron of Ger-
man liofbltal. N. V.. specialist for bladder,
kliney, skin diseases and cancer, office lirt
Kcurth et. A testimonial: Wm. Osterho'.d. San
M*tec Orphan Asylum, saya: I had cancer on
my left leg. I was treated By Mr». Bun?er.
106 Fourth et., and certify that I was cured
la a rhort time. Wm. Osterhcld. Pan Mateo.
UJJE. ADA cures rheumatism, headaches, neu-
raljrfa; all pain leaves like majflc from her
wcriiirrfu;:y cifted hands. 1J43 Howard st.
PETTATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
year*' experience. J. B. RAY. SS7 Jestie Bt.
DR. PARKER treats ail nervous, chronic,
throat and catarrhal diseases. 1027 Market at.
CAPT-OFF clothing, old rold and -liver bousn*;
t*ni poetal. COLEMA.VS, UA Kearny st.
AN elegact suit for $10 T6 from Imported or <Jo-
tn»etlc remnnnta. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market at.,
between Seventh and Eighth.
EI'ITS on easy installments from imported or
domestic reicnanta. One Price Tailoring Co.,
lii Ke&my at., between Esxramento and Cali-
fornia.
WANTED-Old rold for manurgr. O. NOLTE.
jeweler. HI O'Furrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
KINE tailoring, dyeing, cleaning and repairing;
fu!tt> made to order; fit ruar. 2 Eighth at.
O. V. MOUSE, photographer. 2608 Pacific aye.,
between Pierce and Scott: phone Rtelner !3Jt
STAMMERING corrected; booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph. P.. UIS Lind»n St.. Oakland.
CCRLi:D or waved hair can b« quickly ob-
tained by using Talcott's Curling Fluid; 25
rents bottle.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Wincbeeter
Hotel. 44 Third at., near Market: 100 rooms;
Cc to $1 W per night; Jl 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and bagg >Kg to and from the ferry-
IF you with full value for your cast-oft cloth-
ttir call on n. Cohen. 157 Third; tel. mack 41U.
LADIES* and tents' ca»t-nff <lothlns bought and
•aid. Fllverman. >M Folsom: tel. Folscm IWL
ALASKA fur rarments. hoods, mitts, leather
crata. H. M. HEINFMAX. T» Pansome at.
PHYSICIAAS A-\D SL'UGBo'sSU
DR. C. C O'DOXXELL-Offlce and resldencsT
UtiM Markst St., bet. Elith and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE-1-CITY FOR SALE.
115,6ft)— A BARGAIN: to close an eatata; SE.
corner 66:XxT2; Western Addition; Improve-
ments. J-storv corner flata and storea and J
housea, 9 rooma. bath each; rente $120 per
month; In a growing buslnesa locality; a
small outlay would increase rents to $176. R.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 8.
SACRIFICE — New 9-room. 3-etory hcuse; lot
£6:SxliX>;- with chicken house, etc; suitable
for flats; murt be sold; make an offer; $200 C
or less. SHADBURNE. 616 Sacramento sL
HA\t. jou real estate in the Mission or Hor-
net a Addition that you wish to dispose of
then call en W. J. GUNK. 530 California at
BROADWAY, between Jones and Leavenworth
—2 fiats; lot pays 8W per cent. 1728 Hyde at.,
near Broadway.
$3000— BIG bargain; easy terms; Just completed;
7 rooms, latest Improvements. Twenty-fourth
and Noe tts. '¦=¦-: ~
FOR SALE— Modern cottage cf 5 rooms and
bath: large lot in Mission warm belt. Apply
owner on premises, 1212 York st.
LOT 2CxSO; -Third nnd Folsom utE. : cheap; a
bargain. T. M. SILVEY. K4 Market st.
KL.AL. fa.B lAI hi cut A I'tt V l'«r Sale
THE Esparto Colony farms In the Capay Valley
country fhould.be looked after at once, as this
is the time of the year to arrange for tree and
vine planting; farms range in slxe from 10 to
40 sicrcs and now sold to Induce Immediate
action at low prices and easy terms; home-
seekers will never regret securing one of these
homes; no malaria, no frosts; products earli-
est in market; good society, good schools (In-
cluding high school): macadamized roads; 2
railmad trains daily from San Francisco;
water for irrigation when desired: superior to
Pouthern California for raising all kinds of
citrus fruit, recently so pronounced by lead-
ing J?.-iuth<»rn California pxperts; these lands,
with the «urerior toils and ail other advan-
tages named, will be sold at prices far below
the**- asked in localities hitherto considered
unapproachable in t-xcellence: there is no more
Independent lift than the small diversified
farmer's : the farms sold before the panic
have bec.-nie developed and are paying annu-
ally a.« much as $100 per acre; you can leave
San Franclaco on 8 a. m. train, have 3 or 4
hnurs at Esrarto. and back to Sen Francisco
early the *a:i:e evening: you will find an agent
at Hotel Barnes. Ksparto, to show you the
leniis. Communicate by letter with GEO. D.
FISKE. Woodland, Cal.
ANNOUNCEMENT—
We df-sire to call the attention of intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains In
Income producing orchard, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of which are bank
fnreclosun*. that we have for sale. Our Mr.
Bush, having had 40 years' knowledge and
experience of the value of lands ano being
the owner cf an income-producing orchard
and vineyard, can Intelligently direct intend-
ing buyers to the best lands and bargains In
the State. Call or write for what you want.
DAVID BI'PH. Country Department,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery at.
ALTA PUNTA Tract, San Pablo aye., 3 miles
ncrth of Berkeley, near Santa Fe Railroad —
Valley land by the acre. $ISO to $200. Call for
ma;s. ftc. on G. W. HAIGHT. 401 Cal. at.
$?3"0— 1C7 ACRES; choice income grain land In
Livermore Valley for San Francisco bUßtneas
or residence property. SCHWEINHARD A
CO.. Pl* Market st., rooms 1-2.
J. \V. HORN. El 2 Main St.. Petaluma: real es-
tate and thoroughbred Belgian harea. Send
for free list of Sonoma County bargains.
OWNER of property will exchange Alameda
residence for city residence or good lot. L.,
box 3494. Call office.
ROOMS FOIt HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN. CC2. corner~Fell— Sunny bay win-
dow; kitchen, gas stove, mantel; $12.
CALIFORNIA. 2:23—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rooms; llpht houFekeeping; reasonable; ref-
erences exchanged; private family.
EDDY, ;f'7— Nice, large front furnished room;
cheap; light housekeeping allowed: gas, bath.
ELLIS. 330—2 small Bunny furnished house-
keeping rooms. In rear: $3.
FILLMORE, 1112, near Clay— s7; 2 large sunny
unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
GEARY, Cl3— Nice sunny rooms; alngle or
housekeeping.
GEARY. 40S— Three nicely furnished rooma;
rent $20.
HOWARD. 704, cor. Third— Nicely furnished
front rooms; also housekeeping rooma.
HOWARD, T6lH— Nicely furnished sunny suite;
others: man and wife; kitchen; reasonable.
I LARKIN. S-C. cor. Golden Gate aye.— Elegantly
furnished housekeeping apartmenta; exclusive
use cf k:tch»n.
I LEAVENWORTH. 22»— Sunny corner bay-wln-
l dow unfurnished; housekeeping; American
family; adults.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Poat— l furnished
front housekeeping rooms: $13.
MARTHA place, 2. off Geary, near Taylor— 2
furnishtd rooms for housekeeping.
ftfeA&LISTER, . I:s*— 3 furnished rooms for
housekeeping. Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m.
! MISSION*. 545— Nice front rr»om with folding
bed; kitchen: complete for housekeeping.
NINTH, 113—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; $9.
j O'FARRELL. 742 — Nicely furnished, eunny par-
lor floor. 2 to 5 rooms; housekpg. or otherwise.
POWELL. 1401 — 2 or 3 large sunny rooms for
housf keeping, with gas and bath.
SOUTH PARK. 1S4 — One or two sunny rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 475. near Plxth— sl3; 4 sunny fur-
nished rooms and kitchen; complete.
TWO front. 513; 1 large, light room, $11; 223
Kearny st.. nr. Sutter. Also 1, O'Farrell, nr.
Powell, $5; gas free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Et.
A vi.-;-t--c news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rapes. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
I ROOMS TO LET l'urn. and Unfnrn.
A^BRUNSwicic" HOUSE! I4S Elxth^Rooms
25c to tl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A- I THE ELMER HOUSE," 324 Bush st, ad-
Joining the Russ Hotel; 84 rooms; all prices,
BI'P.NETT, 1426 Market st. (old No. 1564) — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 7C5 (St. Peter's House)— New
house, newly furnished; housekeeping rooms.
CALIFORNIA. 532, near Powell— Elegantly fur-
' nlshed. eunny rooms, with bath and phone;
rent very moderate.
CARROLTON. 1506 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn.; nni. & offices.
DEVISADERO, 1905— Pleasant room with hot
and cold water; use of bath.
ELLIS, 736 — Nicely furnished rooma: alngle and
en suite; running water, bath; board optional.
FIFTH, 145Vi— Two nicely furnished front
rooms; terms reasonable. •*»-•;.:•'.
GEARY. 403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms; suites or single; travelers accom.
GOLDEN GATE a\'e.. 640— Sunny room; nicely
furnished; suitable for 2 gentlemen. :. ; :
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner 6eventh'
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room* elevator.
GP.OVE. ICL corner Polk— Furnished room In
a private family.
HAIGHT. 11— Sunny unfurnished rooms; rea-
sonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission at.— Select
family rooming house; $1 50 to $8 per week.
HA RRISON. 75414. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished. sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homrlike: tl week up.
HOWARD. 829— Rooms from $1 week up to $5;
to $1 Tsfght; also housekeeping rooms.
LIGHT sunny rooms for 2 young men, $2 50 per
week; 2 housekeeping rooms in rear, $2 per
week; no children. 1C32 Market sL
MARKET. £24—18 rooms, furnished; rent rea-
sonable; also 4, t and 9 rooms.
MINNA, 6C7. cor. Eighth— New furnished bay-
wlr.dow room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION', K7A (Avoca House)— New; newly
furnished : rent reasonable. FLICK. Prop.
NATOMA, U3Vk— Nice front room; furnished: U
per month.
OCTAVIA. 102— Sunny furnished front rooms;
gas, bath, phone; suitable for gentlemen.
O'FARRELL, 20— Eunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 313— Nicely furnished doubla and
single rooms; terma reasonable.
ORLANDO House. 9» Howard, cor. Sixth—
Bunny rooma; prices to suit; open night. '
POST. 239. corner Etockton-Flnest transient
rooma in city; hot and cold water: elevator;
telephone.
POWELL. 121— Light, clean, comfortable rms.:
suites or singles; running water; gas; reas.
ROSEDALE House, 818 A 221 Ellis St.— Rooms
night. 26c to tl; week. $125 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellla at.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and ladles'
I>arlor; rooms, per night, 25c to $160; week $*
to t 8: month, (8 to $20; elevator on office floor-
rooma with hot and cold water; bathe.
BAN ANTONIO. 21 Taylor at., near Marbtt— An
up-to-date fireproof building; elevatoi\ new
furniture; hot and cold water: radiators; salt
sea baths; suites and single rooms.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BHIPLEY. 25J— 8 rooms, 812; 4 rooms, 87; house
new.' S«a owner USI Guerrero st.
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Vnfnrn.
SIXTH. 119 A (ThT^ledmonO^Smrny' bay-win-
dow rooms. %l 50 per week; alao single rooms.
! STOCKTON. 12 (over Pup Rotisserie) — Nicely
furnished rooms from $12 to $30.
THE Aator. 1130 Market— Electric bella. lighta;
elegant new furniture; single, suites; trans't.
THE OAKS. 119 Third— A good rooming houao
I for good people. R. HUGHES, proprietor. .
VERY sunny front room; Van Ness; partly fur-
nished; for lady wishing opportunity for
French and muslo. Box 1206, Call office. '
VAN NESS aye.. 1109— Single rooms; retson-
able. <__
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk St.; open until 9 p. m. ¦•
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has 'been established at 1096
Valencia at. ¦. - ¦ :--'-; ¦ -.
ROOMS ANO BOARD.
A^F^m^c!lAl3S~flim^^
nice sunny bay-window rooms; first-class
table; prices moderate; 2 car lines pass uotel;
elevator; telephone Hyde 2771. 1604 California
at. ; corner Polk, near Van Ness aye.
BELGRAVIA Hotel, Polk and Clay— Sunny
bay-window rooms; superior board; modern
conveniences; rates reasonable.
BOARD, 13 per week; nice sunny rooms, from
tl upward; newly furnished. Natto Hotel,
3377 Twenty-sixth at.
FRANKLIN. 503. corner Fulton— Nicely fur-
nished large front room: breakfast and din-
ner; gas; bath; reasonable.
PRIVATE home In Ross Valley can accommo-
date a few gentlemen boarders: terms rea-
sonable; references. Address box 4679. Call.
POST. 739, nr. Leavenworth— High-class family
hotel; sunny rooms, with private bath; fine
lawn; French chef; best table In city; ref.
BUSH. 1105— Large, elegantly furnished front
room; suitable for two; billiards, piano.
HOTEL CLAIP.MONT. 615 Taylor— Renovated;
sultea and single rms.; sunny; excellent table.
HOTEL SALISBURY. Hyde and Eddy: changed
hands; thoroughly renovated; elegant rooma.
LAS PALM AS. IS2O Market St.— Suite of 2 or 8
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
J r AN NESS aye.. 944 (The Wallace)— Rooms and
board: furnished and unfurnished; $20.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG lady engaged during day desires board
and room In private family; state terms. Ad-
dress box 4691. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE la hereby given that the Maria 'Kip
Orphanage of 620 Lake st. haa received the
following orphan and hafl-orphan girls frpm
January 1 to March 81. 1900: Katharine A.
Benjamin, aged 1 year 6 months; Marion V.
Crane, aged 9 years: Mary Woodd, aged 10
years 6 months; Ella M. Hunaker-Engler,
aged 9 years 6 months; Mabel Pozzl, aged 12
years; ElUe Pog-gl, aged 9 years 4 months;
Ethel Marion Gould, aged 6 years; Mabel
Benbow, a^cd 11 years; Lulu Rentschler,
aged 6 years 5 months.
BAD tenanta ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery at., rooms 9-10: tel. 6520.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. Jl. up;
j painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 Third.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
RENTED, repaired, bought, sold: machine sup-
plles. Standard Agency. 145 6th; phone Mint 48.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIEnCE-RODO^P^r^toTa^e^TnT^lo^inT^Co!
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell; tel. Main 6711
PACIFIC Storage 'and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2310 Flllmore Ft.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 1340 Market St.;
tel. South 635; packing, moving and storage.
TO LKASK.
TO Lease — All or part of vacant property; 93x
160: on Mission st., near Fifteenth: will build
light structure. Owner, box 8109. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
tSOO— FORECLOSURE; modern 4 room and bath
cottage; sunny side of street; 3 blocks from
station and school; terms. SICO cash, $10 per
month. • . .
$1900— New modern "cottage; 's rooms and
bath: etreet work, cement walks, etc.. com-
plete; near station and school; $100 cash, $20
per month.
$1650 cash— To eloee an estate; worth $3000;
finest corner in Alameda; see this at once.
Fine modern house; 8 rooms and bath; $3000:
no money down; easy monthly payments; or
will exchange for lot: this is a snap.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park at.
BARGAINS ON TERMS.
6, 6 and 7 room cottages; 7. 8 and 9 room
houses: waterfront property; lot 66x195, on
Central aye.. near Fifth St.; double 1%-story
house: rents for $24; price $22. Apply to A.
R. DENKE. Webster-wt. station.
———————————— „ __
TO let— House of 6 rooms, bath, pantries, large
garden, chicken yard, large stable; low rent.
Call on premises, 1622 Broadway, near broad-
gauge station, or R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
Bt.. Ran Francisco.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. ¦
$650; MUST be sold: attractive modern colonial
house; 6 large rooms, two halls, bath, gas,
stable; large corner. Telegraph aye. (619S)*
cars pass; short walk Lorin station; conven-
ient to university; Improvements worth more
than price: balance $1500; terms.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2000— PARTNER, lady or gentleman, wanted
Immediately to Join with party in securing a
townslte across the bay; big money at once-
quick returns; thorough investigation; no prel
vious experience required ; either lady or gen-
tleman with thla amount can make a solid
Investment with responsible party Address
immediately J. W., box 2750. Call office.
OAKLAND Heights— Fine new modern colonial
house of 8 rooms; Just finished; everything up
to date; built by day's labor: will be sold for
cash or on easy payments at 25 per cent leas
than lot and house could be duplicated for*
see this If you want a home. JAMES 8.
452 Ninth at.
GET your own home at a bargain.
For sale — Houses and lota, to suit, by the
Cosmopolitan Building Association; small pay-
ment required; easy terms. E. K. WATER-
MAN, 1107 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland -
Urilon Hotel block. L___
OAKLAND FUIINITURE FOR JAU.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaaa, th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
~ DIVIDEND NOTICES. :
DIVIDEND Notice^Dlvldend No. 78 (25 cents
per share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Planta-
tion Company, will be payable at the office
of The company. 327 Market at..' on and after
Friday, April 20, 1900. Transfer books will
close on Friday, April 13. 1900. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No! 8 (250 per
¦hare) of the Kllauea Sugar "Plantation Co.
win be payable at the office of the company
827 Market at., on and after MONDAY, April
11. 1M)O. Transfer books will close on Tuea-
day. April 10, 1900. at S p. m. "
-i E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Drayage— General Depot of
the Quartermaster's Department. San Fran-
cisco, CaL. April IS, 1900.— Sealed proposals
for the hauling of military stores and sup-
plies in and about the city of San Francisco
Cal., for the fiscal year commencing July 1
1900, will be received at this office until li
o'clock a. m.. on Thursday, the 17th day of
May, 1900, and then opened. The Government
reserves the right to reject any or all pro-
posals. All necessary Information will be
furnished on application to this office. OS-
CAR F. LONG, . Assistant Quartermaster U
S. Army, Depot Quartermaster. . ... ¦
DEEP Water Harbor. San Pedro, Cal.— United
States Engineer Office, Laughlin building.
Los Angeles, Cal., April 12, 1900. Sealed pro-
posals for continuing construction of break-
water at San Pedro, Cal., will b« received
here until 11a.m., May 14, 1900, and then
publicly opened.. Information furnlsb*d on
application. JAMES J. >ME YLER, Captain
Engineers.
DELINQUENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM PROPELLER CO.. 226 Market St..
San .Francisco— Notice.— There is delinquent
upon the following described stock, on account
of assessment levied on the 9th day of March,
JMO, the several amounts- set opposite the
names of the respective shareholders, as fol-
lows: '.-: ;..;•_. "
No. No.
Name— Certificate. Shares. Amount.
John D. Spreckels.. 1 33,313 1-3 5999 40
Chas. A. Hug 7 20 60
And In accordance with law and an order of
the Board of Directors made on the 9th day of
March. 1900. so many shares of each parcel of
such as may be necessary will be sold at the
office of. the company. 216 Market street. San
Francisco, on the 28th day of April. 1900, at 3
p. m. of such day, to pay delinquent assess-
ments thereon, together with costs of adver-
tising and expenses of the sale. ¦ «-*
F. WITTRAM JR.. Secy.. 226 Market at.
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS-
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail wilt not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published.
" BORN.
GRAVES— In this city. April 15. 1900, to the
wife of George H. Graves, a daughter.
RALLS— In this city, April 14, 1900. to the wife
of Dr. R. F. Rails, a son.
MABBIED.
HANVER— GALL— In thie city. April 15, 1900,
by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Benjamin H. Hanver
and Magdalena Maria Gall. .
RAMON-FAHEY— In this city. April 14, 1900,
by the Rev. Dr. Gronberg, Ferdinand Leon-
ard Ramon, Count de Masserano. and Sadie
Elizabeth Fahey, both of San Francisco.
REIMERS— FRIESKE— In this city, ADril 14,
1900, by Rev. J. Fuendellng, Gustav A. Rei-
mera and Lilly M. Frieske.
WHITE— JOHNSON— In this city. April 10, 1900.
Arthur Erwln White and Katie Maria John-
¦ aon. both of Sjin Franclaco.
DIED.
Blnlarz. Maria Linehan. Timothy
Blanchard. James M. Macke. Anna B.
Condon, John McCauley, Jennie C
Cooper. Selina M. McGuire. Margaret E
Day. John W. Meagher, Bridget
.Derham, Bart C. Morris, Abraham
Donovan, Delia O'Brien. George K.
Dove. John O'Nell. Sarah
Driscoll. Mary Pinkham, Benjamin
Dutard, Hippollte . Rice. Albert J.
Elford, Harry Smith. Charles
Hammond, Wm. H. Sullivan, Jennie
Harvey, James J. Theiss, Lydla S.
Judge, John Whitney, Fannie E.
Label. Fannie Zimmer. Otto F.
BINIARZ— In this city, April 15. 1900, Maria
Binlarz, dearly beloved wife of Paul Blnlarz.
and beloved mother of Mrs. J. P. Albrefe-
zenskl. Mrs. F. Schwlndelauf. Helena. Carl.
John, Alfred and Maria Biniarz. and sister-
in-law of Mrs. Josephine Apel. a native of
Germany, aged 60 years and 29 tfays.
BLANCHARD— In this city. April 14. 1900.
James M.. beloved father •' Cyrus E., Royal
C. and Grace Ethel Blanchard. a native of
Maine, aged 65 years 7 months and 14 days.
CONDON— In the City and County Hospital,
April 14. 1900, John Condon, a native of Eng-
land, aged 26 years.
COOPER— In this city. April 15, 1900. Selina
Mary, dearly beloved wife of William Cooper,
and mother of Selina, May, Lucy and Ella
Cooper, a native of England, aged 62 years b
months and 6 days.
(E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 4307 Twenty-fourth street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
DAY— In this city, April 15, 1900. JohnAV. Day,
beloved husband of Ray Day. and lather ot
William Day. a native of Virginia, aged 61
years.
DERHAM— In this city. April 14. 1900. Bart C.
beloved eon of the late Bartholomew and
Theresa Derham. a native of San Francisco.
E7"The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2024 Pine street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:45 o'clock. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
DONOVAN— In this city. April 13. 1900. Delia,
beloved wife of the late M. M. Donovan, and
mother of Frank M.. William H.. John J.,
George M. and Lawrence A. Donovan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 70 years.
|C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son. George, 3355 Twenty-first street,
thence to St. James Church, corner Guer-
rero and Twenty-third streets, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DOVE— In this city, April 13, 1900. John Dove,
beloved brother of William and Hector Dove
and Mrs. Martin McGowan, a native of Can-
ada, aged 46 years and 10 months.
(nJ'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. 1 Moulton place, ¦ off Montgomery
street, between Green and Union. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city. April 14. 1900, Mary,
beloved daughter of the late Cornelius and
Catherine Driscoll, and sister of Daniel Dris-
coll, a. native of San Franclaco. aged 22 years
8 months and 25 days.
EV Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Monday), at 8 o'clock, from 925 O'Farrell
street, thence to St. Mary'a Cathedral, north-
west corner of Van Ness avenue and O'Far-
rell street, where a mass will be celebrated
for the reoose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'cloc. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
carriages.
MEMBERS of Alta Parlor No. 8, Native
Daughters of the Golden West, are requested
to attend. By order of
MABEL MILLER. President.
CLARA FAULTNER. Secretary.
DUTARD— In this city, April 15. 1900. Hippo-
lite Dutard. a native of Chile, aged 67 years
3 months and 10 days.
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2118 Pacific avenue. Interment* pri-
vate. Please omit flowers.
ELFORD— In the City and County Hospital,
April 14, 1900, Harry Elford, a native of Eng-
land, aged 66 years.
HAMMOND— In the City and County Hospital,
• April IS, 1900. William H. Hammond, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, aged 63 years.
HARVEY— In the City and County Hospital,
April 14, 1900. James J. Harvey, a native of
New York, aged 41 years. ,
JUDGE— In this city. April 14, 1900, John, be-
loved husband of Katherine Judge, and father
of Bernard Judge, a native of County Sligo,
Ireland, aged 61 years.
' E7"The funeral' will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1547 Turk street, thence to Holy Cross
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
LABEL— In this city, April 14, 1900. Fannie
Label, beloved wife of Jacob Label, and
mother or Mrs. F. M. Thai. Louis Label and
Annie Elkles, a native of Kempen, Germany,
aged 7S years and 4 months. (New York. pa-
pers please copy.)
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dency 121 Grove street. Please omit flowers.
LINEHAN— In this city. April 14, 1900. Timothy
Linehan, beloved brother of John Linehan.
Mrs. J. White and the late James Linehan.
and uncle of -John F... Michael J., Wm. G.,
James E., Mamie F.,and Juliet T. L'nehan,
a native of Wallstown. County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 70 years.
IC Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 703 Vienna street, off Mission road,
1 between -Five and Six mile . house, thence
to Et. John's ¦ Church -(formerly-St. Mary's
College), .where a solemn requlenT high mass
' will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at ' 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
MACKE— In this city, April 15. 1900, Anna 8.,
beloved wife of Andreas Macke. and mother
of Anna, Andreas and Agnes Macke. a native
of Koln am Rheln. Germany, aged 44 years
10 months and 28 days-
McCAULEY— In this city, April 14, 1900, Jennie
C. McCauley, beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam A. McCauley, a native of Glasgow, Scot-
land, aged 61 years 4 months and 16 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from her late residence, 207 Ma-
son street, thence to St.' John's Episcopal
Church, on Fifteenth street, near Valencia,
where services will be held, commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by electric car.
UcGUIRE— A solemn requiem mass of month's
mind will be celebrated for the repose of the
»oul of the late Margaret E. McGuire. at St.
John's Church (formerly old St. Mary's Col-
lege). Mission road, to-morrow (Tuesday),
. commencing at 9 o'clock. Friends are re-
spectfully Invited to attend.
VIEAGHER— In this city. April 14. 1900, Brid-
get ¦ beloved ¦ wife of the - late James J.
Meagher, and loving mother of James E.,
Joseph J., Mary T., Anna G. and Daniel C.
Meagher, Mrs. John J. .Halloran and Mrs. M.
J. McMenomy. a native of County Limerick.
Ireland, aged 60 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), »t 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 827 Twenty-eighth street, between San-
chez and Noe. thence to St. Paul's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated ', for the . repose of . her aoul. com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ¦¦-.-¦ __^^__ ¦' *¦ ¦
- HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Enccesaora to ¦ Flannagan at • Gallagher), > '
rUNKRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMKKa.
SO Fifth at., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. .
, AIcAVOY <fc CO., |
.". FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3I
1239 Market st., between Bth and 9th. I
Telephone South 247.. - I
MORRIS— In this city, April 15. 1900. Abra-
ham, beloved husband of Fannie Morris, and
father .of Mrs. Belle Helman, Mrs. Joseph
Helman, Mrs. Isldor Franklin, Mrs. William
Osterman and Blanche, Samuel, Harry, Clar-
ence and Edwin Morris, a native of Kempen,
Prussia, aged TO years.
CE^Notlce of funeral hereafter.
O-BRIEN-In this city. April 14. 1900. George
Elmer O'Brien, beloved son of Joseph ana
Annie O'Brien, and brother of Frank and
Raymond O'Brien, a native of Madera. Cal..
aged 10 months and 11 days. (Madera papers
please copy.) ¦ -
C7The funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 82 Jessie street, thence to Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Interment private.
O'NEIL— In this city. April 15, 1000, Sarah, be-
loved sister of Mrs. Matthew Murphy, a na-
tive of Donegal, Ireland,- aged 63 years.
PINKHAM— In this city. April 14, 1300. Benja-
min Plnkham. beloved husband of Emllle
Plnkham. father of Emllle Plnkham. and
stepfather of Gustave Schmidt. Mrs. Lucy
Luhrs and Mrs. Charles King, a native of
Maine, aged 73 years and 27 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ' to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. -
RICE— In this city. April 13. 1900. Albert Jo-
seph, beloved son of Charles A. and Anne
Rice, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 years
and 4 days.
SMITH— In the City and County Hospital, April
15. 1900, Charles Smith, a native of Denmark,
aged 67 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city. April 14. Jennie, be-
loved wife of the late Michael J. Sullivan,
and- loving mother of Walter and Laura Sul-
livan, and sister of Mrs. Thomas J. Hamil-
ton, a native of New York, aged 42 years.
(Boston. Mass., papers please copy.)
C7"The funeral will take place , this day
(Monday), at S:2O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2370^4 Twenty-second street, thence to
Et. Peter's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
THEISS— In Oakland. April IS. 1900. Lydla
Sophia, beloved daughter of Rev. J. H. and
A. Qprothea Theiss. a native of Oakland,
aged 3 years 2 months and 2S days.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Monday), at 2 o'clock, at the
German Lutheran Zion Church, corner of
Twelfth and Myrtle streets. Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
WHITNEY— In Alameda. April 14. 1900. Fannie
E. Whitney, beloved daughter of Mrs. M. N.
Williamson, and mother of Mrs. W. A.
Eearles, Mrs. W. L. Hughson and Kate W.,
Fannie E. and Abbot L. Whitney Jr.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 757 Railroad avenue, Alameda. Inter-
ment private.
ZIMMER— In this city, April 15, 1900. Otto F.
Zimmer. beloved father of Albert. Hilda and
Arthur Zimmer. a native of Prussia, Ger-
many, aged 52 years.
E7" Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maass. 917 Mlsilon street, near Fifth.
FLYCASTERS COMPETE
UNDER GOOD CONDITIONS
Golcher Oasts a Fly One Hundred and
Three Feet— Mansfield Also
Scores.
There was not so large an attendance
yesterday at Stow Lake as usual to take
part in the fly-casting competition. This
condition was possibly due to the fact that
a number of rod-wielders visited the near
by trout streams instead. The day was
perfect for casting and the scores, al
though not high, averaged well. Golcher
was high man in distance with 103 feet to
his credit, while Mansfield carried off the
honors In the other events. The scores
follow:
West Ends Victorious.
The West Ends yesterday defeated th©
Last Minute team In a hotly contested
game. Ten innings were necessary, and
at the conclusion the score stood 4 to 3,
in favor of the West Ends. "Speck."
Smith made several brilliant plays and
was in a measure responsible for the de
feat of the Last Minutes.
"Jack" Symond of the West Ends scored
two home runs. Symond will In all proba
bility be offered a position with the minor
league, as he is considered one of the most
promising colts in the business.
The line-up of both teams was aa fol
lows:
Last Minutes— R*.ey, pitcher: Campbell
catcher; Meyer, first base; Tillson, second
bnse; McGeorge, third base; Scanlon,
snortstop; O'Conner, left field; Warren,
right field; Dorsey, center field.
West Ends — Kerrigan, pitcher; Lunny,
catcher; Symond, first base; Deasey, sec
ond base; Bulger, third base; Smith,
shortstop; McGinness, left field; Larson,
right field; Johnson, center field,
Joe McGinn acted as umpire.
CONEY ISLAND STAKES.
Rich Purses Hung TJp for June Meet
ing at Sheepshead.
NEW YORK, April 15.— Following are
the stakes of the Coney Island Jockey
Club for the June meeting to be run at
Sheepshead Bay, to close April 17:
The Vernal, for flllles, two-year-olds; $1250
added; to carry 115 pounds; five furlongs.
The Grass selling stakes, for three-year-olds
and upward; $1250 added; mile and a sixteenth,
on turf. *• *:""
The Bay hurdle, for four-year-olds and up
ward; $S0O; two miles, over eight hurdles, on
turf.
The Independence steeplechase, for four-year
olds and upward; $1200 added; full steeplechase
coarse.
Weldon Is Improving.
CINCINNATI. April 15.— The condition
of Harry M. Weldon, editor of
the Enquirer, la very encouraging. His
voice is coming back gradually and gives
every promise of being restored.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E Marsh, N J LJ Hohl. Plttsburgr
W X Marvin & w, N V J W Burch & w, lowa
Mrs C E Rumsey, Pa W A Stern &w. N V
H L Shannon & w, Cal A J Kata & w. N T
C C Craw. Decator F W Mattklsson. Utah
H Langnecker. Stanfd Miss Z Hedges. Utah
J Kenney, U S N Miss J Caesar, N V
D J McCluakey N V H Sampson, jj t
G B Hennlck. Sacto Mrs A Sampson. N T
N G Perkins. Sacto E P Rowle. N V
L o Wright, Keswlck G Laverlng. Phila
W R Van Lien. NT C Laverinjr, Phlia
F L Underwood, N V Misses Chenoweth, Ens
Mrs M F Deane. Mass Mrs G J Miller. Pa
G C Deane. Mass .- Mrs L Lendecke. Phila
C Holden, Chicago Mr & Mrs Wintzer. Cal
W Loeb. Providence '¦ A W Bresmer, Sacto
F C Chlnn. Sacto L Rlnaldo, NY
I A Beretta. Oakland S Rinaldo. San Jose
J Hoff. Fresno E Nichols. San Jos©
Miss A Hoff. Fresno L A Johnson, Boston
R D Morgan, N V A Hazelton. N V i
JO Hufford, Boston C B Wetzoar. London
E W Button & w. Can W Petrie. Sacto
V D Peacock. Chicago} "W G French. N V '
R E Peacock. Chicago O A RunHler, N V
C W Praesen* Chicago, F J Poole, Stmr Pekng
D Sutherland & w, Cal,\Y A -WUlingham, Cal
W M Lewis, NY I
GRAND HOTEL.
J Stevenson. L Ang F Phllllps&w Chicago
C G Lee. Cal *V Hunt&w, L Ang
Miss Grlswold, 8 Jose Mrs J Nash, Modesto
W Soderberg, S Lake C Early&w, .Portland
J Kullman. Benlcia P Early, Portland
A W Maltby. Concord J M Mason. Boston
J MeKee. U S N EC Ivans, S L Oblspo
J-D Smith, Danville F Rodriguez, SLOblspo .
H Smyth, S Lorenzo A L Miller, US A
P C Black, Oakland R J Adams, Jackson
G A Kilner, N V E Isham&w, Sacto
H R Feye. Cal H L Kapp, Sonora
O Taggart, Oakland Mrs M Ahrens, Denver
V Fobriner, Oakland J H Read, Sacto
Mrs E Clark. St Louis B Cussick, Chlco -
N Nelson. Denver T Hopkins, Fond du Lac
Dr Installs. Sawyers Br B Fay Mills. Oakland
F F ¦ Coombs, Mo S Rummelsburg. Cal
O Hubbell. L Ang J McKee. U S N
H R > Buerger, Denver T J Tonbe, USA
M Cody. 3 Rosa J Dobson, S Pedro
Mrs Nelson, Nevada W R Allen. Stockton
G McElfresh. L Ang M M Riley, S Lake
D Campbell. L Ang T B Bond. Lakeport
"*• NEW WESTERN HOTEL. '
J B Amlot, Coos Bay T H Morris. Uklah
J G Garrett. Manila- H Dickson, Chicago '
H Nunn, Manila J H Cook. San Jose
R L Scott, Manila H E Holt, Neb
W Scott. Manila J Smith, Portland
F Adams, Valleio H A Grece. N V i
A Bowman. Oakdale W Taylor, Denver :
WP McCann.N V F L Horning, £>Rosa :
J J Mulroy, Fresno Dr J W Wise, L Ang i
J I'orUr. Loe Gatos J H Cameron, Chicago
9
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 1900.
I M *-f Event So. 3. I
L* -5 Delicacy.
¦9
f<s p<» — — — — ¦ n
Sites > D 5j
NAMES. |? q? 2S ? P
[if fig [| i Jf
•a•C¦ . • -i
• i • i . I • • ¦ a
Stratton 73 89.5|77.0!65.00!71.00;68.0
Muller 90 92. 4i?5.0i76. 80 80.10 63.0
HaJght 69 59.8|59.4|75.10i52.70 ....
Huyck 91 (92.0i57.0i63.40'75.201....
Battu SO 93. 0,91. 4(75. 10183. 70'75.0
Golcher 103 192. 4193. 0i70.00;5i.60|....
Mans Held 95.0;94.8175.10'85.30!90.S
Heller 61 |74.0|57.60;65.90|
Heed 85 92. 8:91. 4|68.59|79. 00170.0
Lovett 100 94. 0,94. 0-75. 10184. 11178.0
Brooks 80 59.0 87.4 65. 1'0[76. 70154.0
Everett .. 93. 4!59. 4171. 80,80. 60 ....
O Time Time Time Time
5. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
•L.W HW LW HW
18... <:10 0.0 1:15 4.J 5:53 1.7
HW I* W HW 1, W
17... 0:0? 5.4 1:51—0.1 1:03 4.1 451 t.»
M ... 0:35 5.4( 7:SS—O.2 l:S8 4.S 7:19 1.l
1» ... 1:15 5.41 8:25'— 0.1 3:52 4.4 8:1? t.l
29 ... 2:02 5.2 9:19 0.0 4:43 4.S »:291 3.S
21 . . S:M 5.0j 10:13 0.2 5:41 4.C1 10:4«! %.l
22 ... 4:20 4.8 11:17 0.5 (:30 5.0| I
Steamer.
From.
I
Due.
I.aguna milamook Apr. 14
South Portland. Oyster Harbor — ... Apr. 13
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 13
Nippon Maru China and Japan Apr. 17
City of PuebU. Victoria & Puxet Sound Apr. 17
Corona San Dlero .. Apr. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Apr. 17
Wellington W»i.w*Wt#f Harbor .'... Apr. 17
Pomona [Humboldt Apr. 1?
Mackinaw (Seattle Apr. 13
Matteawan .... Tacoma.. Apr. 13
Warfleld 'Oyster Harbor Apr. 13
Willamette [Seattle Apr. IS
Bonila I .Newport „ Apr. 1»
D«l Norte Portland Apr. 1»
Peru Panama Apr. 1»
Point Arena iPolnt Arena Apr. 1!»
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. 19
Geo. W. El3er.. Portland Apr. 13
State of Ca1.... Portland Apr. Vt
Samoa [Humboldt Apr. 2)
Santa Rosa fan P!*ero Apr. 21
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Apr. 21
fmatllla Victoria & Pujet Sound! Apr. M
Arcata ICoos Bay lApr. a
Steamer. I Destination. I Ealla, I Pier.
Newburg ... Oraya Harbor Apr. 18. 5 pml
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 18. WamlPier 13
Aloha [Crescent City. Apr. 18. S pm|Pler 9
Coos Bay...iN>wr* rt 'Apr. 17. Him P»rH
Doric |China& Japan Apr. 17. 1 pm!PMS9
Nort>" Fork Humboldt Apr. 19. * ami Pier I
Columbia .. Portland AprrlS. lOamiPterll
City Para.. Panama Apr. W, 12 m! PMS;*
Arcata Cooa Bay Apr. IS, 11 mj Pier 13
Moana Sydney Apr. 18. 8 pm:Pler 7
Corona San Dleco Apr. 13. 11 amlPter 11
Pomona .... Humboldt Apr. 19, 2 pm|Pler 9
Bonlta Newport Apr. a. 9 «n! Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. H. 2 pmjPler 3
Walla Wall Vie & Ppt Sd. Apr. 21. 10 am Pier 9
Jeanie .... Cape Xome.... Apr. 21.
Del N'orte.. Oregon Ports. Apr. 22
Coqullle Rv Gray* Harbor Apr. 23.
State of Call Portland lApr. 23. 10 am Pl-r 24
Steamer. I Destination. I Ealla, I Pier.
Newburg ... Oraya Harbor Apr. 18. 5 pml
Samoa Humboldt Apr. 18. WamlPier 13
Aloha [Crescent City. Apr. 18. S pm|Pler 9
Coos Bay...iN>wr* rt 'Apr. 17. Him P»rH
Doric |China& Japan Apr. 17. 1 pm!PMS9
Nort>" Fork Humboldt Apr. 19. * ami Pier I
Columbia .. Portland AprrlS. lOamiPterll
City Para.. Panama Apr. W, 12 m! PMS;*
Arcata Cooa Bay Apr. IS, 11 mj Pier 13
Moana Sydney Apr. 18. 8 pm:Pler 7
Corona San Dleco Apr. 13. 11 amlPter 11
Pomona .... Humboldt Apr. 19, 2 pm|Pler 9
Bonlta Newport Apr. a. 9 «n! Pier 11
Pt Arena.. Point Arena.. Apr. H. 2 pmjPler 3
Walla Wall Vie & Ppt Sd. Apr. 21. 10 am Pier 9
Jeanie .... Cape Xome.... Apr. 21.
Del N'orte.. Oregon Ports. Apr. 22
Coqullle Rv Gray* Harbor Apr. 23.
State of Call Portland lApr. 23. 10 am Pl-r 24
Steamer.
From.
I
Due.
I.aguna milamook Apr. 14
South Portland. Oyster Harbor — ... Apr. 13
Empire Coos Bay Apr. 13
Nippon Maru China and Japan Apr. 17
City of PuebU. Victoria & Puxet Sound Apr. 17
Corona San Dlero .. Apr. 17
Tltanla Nanalmo Apr. 17
Wellington W»i.w*Wt#f Harbor .'... Apr. 17
Pomona [Humboldt Apr. 1?
Mackinaw (Seattle Apr. 13
Matteawan .... Tacoma.. Apr. 13
Warfleld 'Oyster Harbor Apr. 13
Willamette [Seattle Apr. IS
Bonila I .Newport „ Apr. 1»
D«l Norte Portland Apr. 1»
Peru Panama Apr. 1»
Point Arena iPolnt Arena Apr. 1!»
Crescent City... Crescent City Apr. 19
Geo. W. El3er.. Portland Apr. 13
State of Ca1.... Portland Apr. Vt
Samoa [Humboldt Apr. 2)
Santa Rosa fan P!*ero Apr. 21
Coqullle River.. Grays Harbor Apr. 21
fmatllla Victoria & Pujet Sound! Apr. M
Arcata ICoos Bay lApr. a
O Time Time Time Time
5. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
•L.W HW LW HW
18... <:10 0.0 1:15 4.J 5:53 1.7
HW I* W HW 1, W
17... 0:0? 5.4 1:51—0.1 1:03 4.1 451 t.»
M ... 0:35 5.4( 7:SS—O.2 l:S8 4.S 7:19 1.l
1» ... 1:15 5.41 8:25'— 0.1 3:52 4.4 8:1? t.l
29 ... 2:02 5.2 9:19 0.0 4:43 4.S »:291 3.S
21 . . S:M 5.0j 10:13 0.2 5:41 4.C1 10:4«! %.l
22 ... 4:20 4.8 11:17 0.5 (:30 5.0| I
I M *-f Event So. 3. I
L* -5 Delicacy.
¦9
f<s p<» — — — — ¦ n
Sites > D 5j
NAMES. |? q? 2S ? P
[if fig [| i Jf
•a•C¦ . • -i
• i • i . I • • ¦ a
Stratton 73 89.5|77.0!65.00!71.00;68.0
Muller 90 92. 4i?5.0i76. 80 80.10 63.0
HaJght 69 59.8|59.4|75.10i52.70 ....
Huyck 91 (92.0i57.0i63.40'75.201....
Battu SO 93. 0,91. 4(75. 10183. 70'75.0
Golcher 103 192. 4193. 0i70.00;5i.60|....
Mans Held 95.0;94.8175.10'85.30!90.S
Heller 61 |74.0|57.60;65.90|
Heed 85 92. 8:91. 4|68.59|79. 00170.0
Lovett 100 94. 0,94. 0-75. 10184. 11178.0
Brooks 80 59.0 87.4 65. 1'0[76. 70154.0
Everett .. 93. 4!59. 4171. 80,80. 60 ....111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
EX-GOVERNOR R. L. TAYLOR.
land's ticket in 1892 and was re-elected
governor for one term in 1597.
MINERAL WATER
MAN IS MISSING
Louis Klee of the Aetna Company
Is Sought by a Host of
Creditors.
His Brother-in-Law Says He Has Deserted His
Young Wife for a Mysterious
Widow.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. On« doss will stop
* jßouii. iierar UUx Try It. All druggist*. •
¦ Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggist*. Mo flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.
Ladles' fine kid shoea.worth $3, for $L 25
a pair at the Boston Shoe Co., 775 Ma.rkar..»
Chinese Murderer Arrested.
Jung Hin Gop was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detective Ed . Gibson and
Policeman Behan on a warrant charging
him with the murder of Wong Yuen, a
carpenter, in Waverley place. January 6
last. The complaining witness, is Hong
Hin. Louie Poy, a native' son, has also
been arrested for the same murder.
Middle-of-the-Boad Man.
J. B. Osborne, representing the na
tional committee of the Middle-of-the
road Populists, arrived in the city yester
day. He will call a meeting of his party
at an early date.. .
Dr. Powers on Socialism.
. Dr. D* Arcy Powers , addressed the So
cialist Democratic party . at the Turk
street Temple last night on socialistic
problems. The hall was well filled with
men, with a fair sprinkling: of women.
The principal topic of Dr. Powers' address
was "Steps at a Time." He took, the
ground that people who. advocate that the
advance toward socialism should-be made
etep by step are wrong. The new state
of affairs ought to be Drought about by
a sudden upheaval and overthrow of the
present condition of affairs. There ought
to be no way stations along the line, but
the matter ought, to be settled at once. ' . :
Egypt and the Holy Land.
Rev. J. Fuendellngwill deliver a lec
ture in the German language on "Egypt
and the Holy Land." illustrated by the
stereopticon, at St. Mark's Evangelical
Lutheran Church on Thursday evening,
April 19. There will be a musical and
literary programme in conjunction with
the lecture. The proceeds are to be de
voted to the improvement of the German
school of the church.
POLICE THOUGHT THEY
HAD A SAFE CRACKER
A man stamping goods In a room above
the ' McNear Grain Agency,: on j California
street,' last evening caused a little stir in
police circles, much, to the dismay of sev
eral officers . In the California-street sta-
Aboiit 6 o'clock a colored janitor em
ployed in: the. building rushed to the sta
tion and gave the information that safe
crackers were at work on a large vault
in the grain 'office.- Sergeant Christiansen
and Officers McGovern and Kramer, heav
ily armed, started'for the scene, and be
fore entering the building blocked. all the
exits so : ;as to; prevent the; escape of the
criminals. ' .They -heard' the sounds of a
hammer distinctly, but could find no rob
bers. An investigation developed the fact
that the 'noise which ; caused the alarm
was ; made ; by the man 'at work on the
floor overhead.
CLOSING SESSION OF
NEW UNITY CONGRESS
Followers of Universal Brotherhood
Hear Some Interesting
Addresses.
The closing session of the New Cycle
Unity Congress, held under the auspices
of the Universal Brotherhood, was held
at Academy of Sciences Hall last night.
The auditorium was well filled with fol
lowers of the belief and people Interest
ed In it, and the meeting was an Inter
esting one.
Chairman H. H. Somers presided. The
principal speakers were A. D. Robinson,
H. "W. "Watson, Dr. J. A. Anderson and
Dr. Allen Griffiths. The first named
speaker's subject was "Practical Aspect
of Universal Brotherhood," and he told
something of the work of the Interna
tional Brotherhood League. Mr. Wat
son's subject was "Karma, the Law of
Cause and Effect," and Dr. Anderson
spoke on "Reincarnation." The last ad
dress of the evening was that of Dr. Grif
fiths, and his topic. "Spiritual Aspect of
Theosophy and Universal Brotherhood."
Chairman Somers also gave a short talk
on the objects of Universal Brotherhood.
There were some musical numbers on
the programme. J. Wheaton Leonard
rendered a vocal solo and Charles A. Pur
dy rendered selections ¦ from Wagner on
the piano. ; The entire audience sang the
closing chant, "Truth, Light and Libera
tion." . ,
PORTUGUESE COLONY
HOLDS ITS REUNION
National Dances and Races Indulged
In by a Merry Crowd of People
at Shell Mound.
Early trains from Oakland and boats
from this city bound Berkeleyward were
filled with merry crowds of people yester
day. The occasion was the seventh an
nual picnic and reunion of the Portuguese
colony and their destination was Shell
Mound Park. The outing was given by
Council No. 13 of .. est Oakland and Coun
cil No. IB of San Francisco of the Portu
guese Union of California. The union is
composed of forty-five councils and an
other is in process of formation. The ob
jects are social and beneficial. Large
numbers of the representatives of
sunny Portugal have been helped in times
of trouble through the efforts of this
body. No pains had been spared to make
the picnic a success and the returns were
satisfactory.
Amusements were not lacking. Sixteen
prizes were competed for and won on the
racetrack, old and young finding some
event in which to take part. The gate
prizes amounted to fifty and comprised
everything from a bottle of wine to a ton
of coal. In the upper pavilion the merry
makers Indulged in the national dance of
Portugal, which is composed of many
pretty figures. The affair was managed
by the following committees:
Floor manager— Antonio J. Ellva; assistants,
Jose Baptlsta, M. Perelra;. upper hall floor
manager— Jose de Souza Goularte; assistants,
John Cunha, Jose Vlelra Lopes, Manoel Vlelra,
Jose Ignaclo de Valle; games— M. 8. Rodrlgues,
Antonio F. Serpa. Jose P. Sequelra; gate prizes
—Manoel Fernandes. J. T. Renas, Joao G. Cur
rela, Jl. F. King: arrangements— A. F. -de
Freltas (chairman), J. Valladao (secretary), M.
j:< Ramos (treasurer), Joao Rafael, O. F. Pe
relra, M. J. Ollvlera, F. D. Rodrlgues, F. L.
de Freltas, J. L. Marlante; ticket- of flee— M. F.
Andre, F. Plmentel, Antonio Garcia; gate—
Joao J. Ramos, M. J. Ollveira, John M. Alves,
Frank Roza.
ADVERTISEMEUTS.
SPECIAL SALE
FOR ONE[ WEEK!
Think of Selling |p|
A Shoe 1 I
Like This J§ \
THIS WEEK ONLY!
Toot ttylw LADIES' TAN LACE turns, vest-
Ing- or cloth tops, new cola toe, concave
heel. Regularly $5 00.
ALSO
MISSES' AM) CHILDREN'S TAN—
Goat Button Shoes. Regular 51. 75
Fizes. 11-2 .' «1.10
Sizee, *-10tt /..... 95
HISSES' KANGAROO BUTTON—
Shoes. Regular 92.00
Sires. 11-2 ,l»5
NEW SFRIIvC STYLES.
LADIES' SWELL PATENT LEATHER—
Lare Ehoes for walking •or dress. V
leather or LXV heels, kid or cloth
tops 85.00
G«nts f Ten L&re Ehoes, . extension
sole, for walking 94.00, $5.00
FIIVE SHOES,
830-832-834 Market St., S. F.
'Catarrh, Deafness,
Diseases Positively Cored bj
DR. COTTINGHAM'S »£Z> D .
204 Sutter St., NVV. cor. Kearny.
Hours— S to 12 a. m.; 1 to 3 and 7 to 8 p. m.
JZ |> I- I 3I 3 An honest trial of pne week, given
* •» *— *-» »to thow the superior merit of the
new treatment. SOOO teet cases— 9s per cent
cured. Try it while you can. FREE to all,
cm week. -
SEVEN SCORCHERS WERE
ARRESTED IN THE PARK
James Stanley and Wife Have a Nar
row Escape From a
Runaway.
Yesterday was an ideal "Park Day,
and the broad green lawns and gravel
walks in the vicinity of the band stand
presented both an animated and pretty
scene. Ladies In new Easter bonnets and
handsome gowns, accompanied by their
male admirers, were to be found at every
turn. Swell equipages and smart rubber
tired buggies were in a continual stream
on the main boulevard that extends to the
ocean. Even the peacocks seemed to real
ize the Importance of the day and strutted
around, admired by all who saw them.
The two police officers mounted on bicy
cles—Officers J. Ahem and C. J. Birdsall—
had a hard time of it. They reported at
Golden Gate Park early in the day, and
then their troubles began. They were de
tailed to keep aspiring Zimmermans down
to a ten-mile gait on the roads and by
ways of the park, and from Indications of
the register at the Park Police Station
they both earned their salaries yesterday.
They arrested seven small boys yesterday
and placed them in durance vile, and sev
eral Irate renters of wheels called at the
station to get their bicycles out for fresh
victims, but without success. The sprint
ers who were arrested were Charles
Kaden, Fred Smith. Joe Espinosa, Joe
Grennan, Robert McGillan and George
Mahon.
James Stanley, accompanied by his wife,
In the afternoon was enjoying the beauties
of the park behind a fast trotter, when
one of the shafts of the buggy broke.
The morbidly inclined spectators antici
pated seeing a gory accident. They were
disappointed, as Mounted Officer Chris
Arellanes arrived on the scene at $he
critical moment and grasped the bridle of
the horse in the nick of time.
The results of the aquatic sports at Su
tro baths were as, follows: The special
50-yard race between F. A. Walse, cham
pion swimmer of the coast, and C. Dono
van, champion of Alameda. was won by
the former Jn 45 seconds; trick and fancy
spring board diving— C. Sunburg first, F.
Bogan second; under-water swimming
contest— J. A. Jackson first, J. Finney
second.
CAPTAIN BOHEN
WILL FORMALLY
RETIRE TO-DAY
His Successor Will Probably
Be Captain John Sey
mour.
Other Appointments Are to Be Made
and Important Changes Are
Mentioned as Soon to
Occur.
The Police Pension Commissioners will
meet this afternoon at 4:30 o'clock to re
ceive the reports of the examining physi
cians, Drs. Mahoney and Terrill, on the
seven men slated lor retirement at the
regular quarterly meeting two weeks ago.
They are Captain Bohen. Detective Sll
vey, Sargeants L»indheimer and Shields
and Patrolmen Daniel Coleman, John M.
Morton and Daniel McNelll. and their du
ties will cease after to-day.
The board will also discuss the advisa
bility of asking the majority of the thirty
men retired by. their predecessors pre
vious to going out of office to go before
the examining physicians to determine
whether they are unfit j for active duty.
It is no secret that Chief Sullivan is sat
isfied that more than one should be com
pelled to return to duty.
It is expected that after the retirements
are formally made this afternoon the Po
lice Commissioners will appoint Captain
John Seymour chief of detectives, while
the vacant captaincy made by the retire
ment of Bohen will be filled by the pro
motion of Lieutenant Esola. A lieutenant
to fill the vacancy caused by the promo
tion of Esola will also probably be ap
pointed, and there is much speculation as
to the lucky man.
It is considered probable that Esola
after his promotion will remain at the
California-street station and that the City
Prison will be placed in charge of a lieu
tenant instead of a captain as heretofore.
It is also on the cards that when the head
office is removed to the Hall of Justice,
June 1, the district now in charge of Cap
tain Wlttman will be divided, Wittman
having one section and Esola the other.
The district is double the size of any of
the others and is considered too exten
sive for one man's supervision. There is
another rumor in circulation to the effect
that after June 1 there will be a change
of the captains from one district to an
other.
As soon as the new head of the detec
tives takes office Chief Sullivan will, it
Is anticipated, announce the changes in
the "upper office" staff. Several of the
detectives are on the ragged edge and
uncertain, while others are hugging them
selves In the belief that they are all right.
WENT GUNNING FOR
A SALOON KEEPER
Private Kane Raised Trouble With
His Rifle and Bayonet Until a
Guard Got Him.
There was a hot time just outside the
Presidio gate last Friday that has cul
minated In serious charges being filed
against Henry F. Kane, erstwhile of Com
pany M of the Ninth Infantry, but now of
Convalescent Company No. L The end of
it will probably be the discharge of Kane.
Kane, with the remainder of the garri
son, was paid last Thursday, and before
night he had managed to pick a row with
Crowley of White & Crowley's saloon,
near the post gate. Friday night, with
the memory of his wrongs still strong
upon him and himself considerably under
the influence of liquor, he rose from % his
bunk after taps, and taKing his rifle and
belt from the rack tilled his magazine and
belt with ball cartridges and sallied forth
to find Crowley. He went into the sa
loon, but Crowley was not there, so Kane
offered to shoot any one who was handy
and willing to answer him back. No one
took up the dare, but one of the bystand
ers ran Into the post guard house and
called out the guard. A squad was sent
after Kane, but instead of arresting him
the guard took his rifle and cartridges and
let him go.
After the guard had gone Kane went
up the street to a saloon kept by a man
named Collins, and with his bayonet he
attempted to clean the place out. In the
meantime, however, the guard had re
turned to the guard house, and being un
able to show the bayonet among the arms
taken from Kane went back to get it.
Kane was caught before he had done any
harm and taken in.
ELOPED WITH
THE FRIEND OF
HER HUSBAND
Pretty Gertrude Selma
Leaves Her Happy Home
for Another.
1 •
George Harwood Wins Her Heart and
Induces Her to Disappear With
TT<Tn — Detectives on the
Trail.
"Say, you guya are to «low. You
couldn't catch a cold, much leas a beauti
ful woman. Just tear up her photo
graph and call it off. If she happens to
surrender herself, kindly tell her that you
saw me."
With a tinge of anger In his voice.
Gilbert C. Selma, a commercial traveler,
thus addressed Sergeant Fitzhenry in the
office of the Chief of Police last night.
His wife eloped several days ago with a
young man named George Harwood,
whom Selma considered his bosom friend.
Mrs. Selma became smitten with his good
looks and together they planned the
elopement. Without exciting the sus
picions of her husband. Mrs. Selma
packed her trunk and taking what money
she had. met her lover by prearrange
ment.
Selma was furious when he learned that
his wife had left him for Harwood. He
at first Intended to follow them and wreak
vengeance on the man, but after thinking
the matter over he concluded to enlist the
services of the police in finding his erring
SPOUSe. .;¦;''
To Chief Sullivan he represented that
Harwood was a real vi.lain, who would
be better off in Jail than out. When
questioned the husband said that his wife
was the "dearest and truest creature on
"I frequently noticed that the foolish
woman seemed extremely happy when he
was present." Innocently remarked Selma,
"but as I was satisfied that she was mad
ly infatuated with me I paid no attention
to what I thought were the indiscretions
of a young married woman. It never
dawned upon me that he was laying siege
to her heart." v- .
OOLDBERG
BQWEN
& CO
Trade here if you want the best to eat
— perhaps we can make your living
better
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
HamS — Old Dominion j 4c
reg'ly 16c lb — eastern
* Sugar cured — quality gnaranteed
Coffee— Ptisha blend 27JC
reg'ly 35c lb
This coffee is full of flavor
what you pay for — nothing else
Sardines— Roy** 15c
reg'ly 20c tin
In olive oil with truffle and pickle
also In garlic
Burgundy— HoweU mountain 45c
reg'ly 75c gallon
Rich flavor — smooth body
dilute one third
Boullion capsules— Anker 25c
reg'ly 30c box of ten
Highest essence of beef — celery flavor
Salad dxeSSingSierraMadre 25C
reg'lv 30c bottle
A rich mayonnaise picqtrant — aromatic
Tomato catsup 3 bottles 50c
G B <fc Co— reg'iy 20c bottle
Two flavors— delicately seasoned
Port— private stock bot SOC
reg'ly 75C $2 50 California gal $2
Necessary at times to the
preservation of health
Horseradish mustard 20c
reg'ly 25c bottle
Try it with the ham this week
a pleasing relish
Lemons— thin skin i^ c
reg'ly 25c dozen
These are fancy stock— large size
Breakfast mush-oats 2 for 25c
University brand wheat 3 for 25C
fresh— clean
Finnan haddie 42JC
reg'ly 15c lb
Last of the season
back bone removed
Crackers— new variety
Uneeda blsquit packags re
Uneeda jinjer wayfer package lOC
Just out from the east
Toilet water-reg'iy 50c 40c
Crown Perfumery company
different odors— English make
Dentifrice pate— violet 2 0C
reg'ly 35c jar
Keeps the gums in healthy condition
Window screens 25c 35c
Flyer— reg'lv 30c and 40c
small 17 in high 22 in closed 35 in open
large 24 in high 24 in closed 37 in open
French knives for kitchen use
4 3 67 & 9 10 IX 1?
reg'ly 20c 25c 30c 35c 40c 50c 55c 65c 75c
special 15c 20c 25c 30c 35C40C45C 50c 60c
Trompette brand— they stay sharp
Can we estimate on your supplies
this summer? We have the right
facilities to serve all your wants— big
illustrated catalogue
4)i Pina 23X Sutter i3oo California San Ftndsco
X 073 Clay bttwetn Eleventh ta4 Twtlftfc OakUat
LOUIS KLEE, WHO IS WANTED BY HIS CREDITORS
«7T? HOST of anxious creditors has
/l_\ been hovering about the bottling
Jl \ works of the Aetna Mineral \Va-
tcr Company at €04 Bryant street
yearning for an Interview with Louis
klee. who in letters a foot high painted
on the front of the building proclaims
himself "United States Agent" for the
liquid. Mr. Klee is missing. He has not
lioen seen about the establishment for
several days. His brother-in-law, Julius
JJaumgar'.en. says he has fled with a gay
widow, whose name he does not know,
after sending his young wife and child to
the home of his father-in-law in Pleas
antnn. Alameda County. Although his
creditors are numerous and the amount
of their claims is by no means inconsid
erable, Len D. Owens, who owns the
epringrs, says that none of the creditors
to whom. Klee is indebted in connection
with the mineral water business will suf
ier. as he intends to make good their de
mands.
There is something peculiar in Kiel's
actions In connection with the strange In
terest his wife's relatives are taking in
the affair. Charles Linn, who was for
merly Klee's partner and suplied the
money which started the young man in
business, says that he believes the whole
affair is a scheme to defraud him out of
the amount owed him by Klee and for
which he holds a chattel mortgage on the
pror»erty of the Aetna agency. Mr. Linn
asserts that Jt is his belief that the story
of Klee having left the city with a mys
terious widow was concocted by th*
brother-in-law. Julius IJaumgarten, for a
motive. He says he has information that
Klee is in tiiding. in Ban Francisco and
wi!l remain in seclusion until his rela
tives manipulate his business affairs,
¦when he will come from cover and laugh
at Ms creditors.
Linn is involved in the matter to the
*>xtent of several thousand dollars. He
proposes to block any attempt to defraud
him by appealing to the authorities. He
has learned that just previous to his dis
appearance Klee assigned one-third of his
business to a man named Philips and an
other third to his wife.
Lon Owens stated yesterday that Klee
had departed and that he did not expect
he would ever return. He said he had
placed perfect confidence in the young
man and despite the stories that had
reached him, believed he was honest and
upright until the questionable action of
the past week. Mr. Owens will com
mence an investigation of the affairs or
the agency early in the week.
This is not the first escapade of a simi
lar nature in which Klee has figured.
About three years ago he was lpcated in
Pleasanton, Alameda County. He becamt
connected with an athletic organization
known as the Bohemian Club, which gave
an entertainment for the purpose of rais
ing funds to purchase apparatus. He
handled the cash. When the affair was
over he confessed that he had appropri
ated the proceeds to his own use and
begged for time to settle up, which was
granted. He took advantage of the oppor
tunity and one night hired a rig from a
Pleasanton livery stable and left town.
About a week later the liveryman re
ceived his rig back by freight, charges
collect, and Klee has not visited Pleasant
on since. ¦ ¦¦-¦^.¦•¦-' fv
Peeplea, s. a 8 0 1 0 3 8 1
Fitzpatrick. p 2 0 0 0 1 1: ; 1
Totals ...28 0 5 0 24 9 4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
McLaughlln, 1. f 2 1 0 0 1 0 0
Devereaux, Sb 110 0 0 5 0
Egan, s. s 4 0 0 0 16 0
Stanley, c 4 0 1 12 1 0
Doyle, r. f 4 1 2 0 3 0 0
Sbanahan, o. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Hanlon, lb 3 10 1 14 0 0
Stultz, 2b 4 0 10 6 4 0
Salsbury. P 4 0 0 0 0 4 0,
Totals 30 4 5 2 27 19 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 00 0 00 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 00101110 I—s
Sacramento 0 0 008001*— 4
Base hits 0 0 0 10 10 3 •— 5
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hit— Fltzpatrlck. First base on er
rors—Sacramento 8. First base on called balls —
San Francleco 1, Sacramento 5. Left on bases —
San Francisco S, Sacramento 8. Struck out—
By Fitzpatrick 4, by Salsbuiy 2. Hit by pitcher
—Devereaux. Double plays— Reilly to McCar
thy: Etultz to Egan to Hanlon; Peeples to Mc-
Carthy; Devereaux to Stultz to Hanlon. Time
of game — 1 hour 25 minutes. Umpire — McDon
ald. Official scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
Oakland Wins at Stockton.
STOCKTON. April 15.— Fully 2000 people
saw the Oakland baseball team defeat the
Stockton nine at Goodwater Grove to-day
by a score of 5 to 4. The damage was
done in the first inning, when Hardie
swatted out a two-bagger and Dunleavy
hit the ball for three cushions off
Whalen's delivery. Two men crossed the
plate on Hardies hit and one on Dun
leavy's. Oakland secured another In the
second and the fifth and last one In tha
fourth. The score in detail follows:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Schmeer, s. • 3 1 0 0 0 6 1
Hammond, c 4 0 1 0 4 8 1
Hutchlnson, lb 4 1 0 0 13 1 0
Hardle. r. f 4 110 10 0
Francks, 2b 4 0 10 6 10
Dunleavy, o. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Moskiman, 1. f 4 12 13 0 0
Lange, 3b 2 110 0 6 0
Bevllle, p 3 0 1 0 0 2 0
Totals ......32 5 8 1 17 17 S
STOCKTON.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, 2b ..3 112 0 3 ' 1
Courtney, 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Pace, c 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
McCarty, c. f 3 10 0 3 0 0
Babbitt. >. s.. 2 10 0 0 10
Morrow, r. f ..3 12 0 10 0
Selna. lb ...8 0 0 0 10 0 1
Moore. 3b 3 0 10 2 SO
Whalen, p 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Harper, p 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 28 4 4 2 »23 10 2
•Schmeer out for Interfering with the catcher.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ,
Stockton 0 10 10 110 o—4
Base hits.. 01110010 o—4
Oakland 3 10 10 0 0 0 •— 6
Base hits 21130001*— 8
SUMMARY.
Three-base hit— Dunleavy. Two-base hits—
Hardle, Lange. Sacrifice hits— Moore. Selna,
Babbitt, Morrow, Lange (2). Hit by pitcher—
McHale. Schmeer. First base on called balls-
Off Whalen 1. oft Bevllle 3. Struck out— By
Whalen 1. by Harper 2. by Beville 2. Left on
bases— Stockton 4. Oakland 6. Time of game —
1:50. Umpire— Graves.
HUGHES PITCHED,
BUT THE LOCAL
TEAM WON OUT
Two Games of the Series of
Three Taken by the
Frisco Nine.
Fast Ball Played in the Morining and
Afternoon — Yesterday's Honors
Were Divided Between
Both Sides.
?
San Francisco 4, Sacramento 2.
Perfect weather, a large crowd, stamp-
Ing 'and yelling with old-time baseball en
thusi&m and a spirited game of ball
made a success of yesterday's diamond
contest at Recreation Grounds. Some
fringy errors marred the excellence of the
game at times, but on the whole the
crowd was well pleased and used feet and
lungs to show its approval.
For two innings the work of both teams
was perfect— of that fast order which
makes the heart of the fan palpitate and
grow warm. Both sides were retired in
one, two, three succession, Iburg and
Champion Hughes being supported with
a steadiness that was unbroken.
Hughes' first appearance in the box In
this city was not crowned with the laurels
of victory. Though touched for hits but a
half dozen times, four of them were
bunched In a. single Inning and four runs
resulted. Sponge this Inning out of the
game and the locals would nave reveled
in nothing but goose eggs. Iburg. pitched
good ball and received excellent support
at critical moments.
All through the game the crowd dis
played a keen Interest.
• The first two innings brought nothing
in' the • way of scores, but in the third
Frisco got on the baps and shoved four
men over the plate. Iburg opened up by
touching Champion Hughes for a double
and Brockhoff, next man with the stick,
repeated the performance, sending Iburg
over the rubber. Hughes was not so good
right here, McCarthy walking and Krug
getting first on a close In-field hit. Then
Hlldebrand flew to Shanahan, Brockhoff
scoring on the throw in. Reuben, the old,
perished on a foul fly, but Schwartz found
the spheroid, and while Egan was fool-
Ing with the ball in his attempt to put
the runner out at first, McCarthy and
Krug coursed the bags.
The sixth inning belonged to the sleepy
Senators. Devereaux swatted the ball so
fiercely that it rolled to the left field fence
and when Reuben returned it Devereaux
was on the third bag. Then "Truck"
Egan let his ctick go and the ball hit the
right field fence, Devereaux scoring and
Egan stopping at the midway point. On
Stanley's out Egan advanced a base,
scoring on Brockhoff's error, which placed
Hughes at first. This was all that hap
pened, but it put Sacramento on the score
board.
For a moment the ninth Inning looked
like something and the crowd held the
Beats in suspense. After one man had
found a place in the cemetery Shanahan
took a constitutional and second, when
Brockhoff stumbled over his own feet and
allowed Doyle to reach first unharmed.
That was as far as the Senators went,
Stultz doing a fly act to Peeples and Mc-
Laughlin doing the same to Krug.
The score: : /
SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 3b ...6 11 1 1 J 1
McCarthy, lb 4 1 0 0 .13 0 0
Krug. c. f 6 11 0 2 0 0
HUdebrand, r. f..... 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Levy, 1. t 8 0 0 0 6 0 0
Schwartz, c 3 0 10 1 0 0
Reilly. 2b... 3 0 0 0 8 4 1
Peeples, s. s . 4 0 0 0 2 8 0
Iburg. p _8 _1 J. _0 J> _3 _1
Total 34 4 6 • 1 27 16 3
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mclaughlin. 1. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Devereaux. Sb 4 1 10 0 2 0
Egan, s. s 4 1 1 0 3 4 3
Stanley, c 4 0 10 5 0 0
Hughes, p 4 0 0 0 1 2 0
Shanahan. c. f 8 0 1 0 4 0 0
Doyle, r. f ....3 0 10 1 0 0
Hanlon, lb.. 4 0 1 0 13 1 0
Stultz, 2b .. 4 oJ>_O_o J _1
Totals 34 2 7 0 27 12 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco ......0 04 0 0 0 0 0 o—4
Base hits 0 14 0 10 0 0 o—6
Sacramento ..0 0 0 0 0 2 0 0 o—2
Base hits ....0 1 0 10 2 11 I—7
6 £' SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lbursr 1. Hughes ».
Three-base hit— Devereaux. Two-base hit*—
Iburs. Brockhoff, HUdebrand, Egan. Sacrifice
hits— Levy, Iburg., First base on errors— San
Francisco 4. Sacramento 3. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 3,. Sacramento 2. Left on
bases— San Francisco 8. Sacramento 7. Struck
out— By Iburg 1. by Hughes 3. Double plays—
Reilly to Peeples to McCarthy: RelUy to Mc-
Carthy; Peeples to Rellly! to McCarthy. Time
of game— l:3s. Umpire— Jim McDonald. Official
scorer— J. W. Staoleton.
MORNING GAME.
Sacramento 4, San Francisco O.
A"? fast game, ln which both Salsbury.
who ; twirled for : the Senators, and Fitz
patrlck for the Wasps, pitched excellent
ball, was played on. the; Oakland grounds
yesterday morning, resulting in the single
victory that Sacramento secured ) out of
the series of three. The Senators gave
Salsbury splendid support at all tlmeß. as
their, error column will show. Krug was
the bad Indian for; the locals, dropping a
fly In -¦ the fifth inning that : allowed two
men to cross the rubber.
For four Innings neither side scored.
In the fifth Hanlon won first on an error
and . stole second. : Stultz and Salsbury
followed with tombstone effects and then
Fitz forgot to look' at the plate, walking
McLaughlin and - Devereaux. Egan
swatted the ball through the fireman and
Hanlon : scored. - . Stanley : came -to the
plate with a good fruitful stick and he
sent a long drive ; to Krug, ¦ who politely
fumbled. McLaughlln and Devereaux
scoring on the play.
The fourth run. was made by Doyle in
the eighth. . The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH.' SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 3b 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
McCarthy, a. a...... 3 0 1. 0 8 1 0
Krug. c.t... ......... i 0- 0 0 2 0 2
HUdebrand, r. f...... 3 00 0 2 .0 0
Levy.: 1.- 1 .....3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schwartz, c. ...:....' 3 0 -1 > 0 4 20
Reilly, 2b .-....-. .3 01 0 2 2a
SPECIAL OFFERING.
125 cartons (1500 pieces) NEW TAFFETA RIB-
BONS, full 4 inches wide, in 50 different
colors, including all the new pastel shades,
also whites and creams.
Price 20c Yard.
450 pieces NOVELTY RIBBONS, in Striped
and Hemstitched Effects, from 31 to 4J
inches in width, suitable for belts and
neckwear, the veru latest stules and
colorings,
Pries Y/ifil
100 dozen Ladies J 2-CLASP FINE KID AND
PIQUE GLOVES, with embroidered backs?
theu are all the Yeru newest shades and;
Price $1.00 Pair.
500 dozen of the CELEBRATED REYNIER
GLOVES, in both Glace and Suede, newest
French shades and latest stules of em-
broidered backs,
Prices $1.50, $1.75 and $2.00 Pair.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
This week we will have on sale 100 pieces of
our 54-INCH CAMEUS-HAIR HOMESPUN
CHEVIOTS, 12 different colorings.
Price $1.00 Yard.
RIBBONS! CLOVES!
THIS MAN FIDDLED
HIS WAY TO FAME
Cl OL.ONEL ROBERT I* TAYLOR.
n who Berved three times as Governor
« of Tennessee and represented the
State twice in Congress, is in the
city. Besides holding many other politi
cal positions of importance he is a lawyer
of note and has made his mark. upon the
lecture platform. He is now giving a
series of lectures through the country and
will be heard here.
. Colonel "Bob" Taylor, as he is familiar
ly known among his friends, is one of the
best known and best liked public men of
the South. Although 50 years of age, he
is always spoken of as a young man, be
cause of his youthful looks and buoyant
disposition. He was born in Happy Val
ley and some of his friends account for it
In that way. He was admitted to the
Tennessee bar in 1878 and the following
year was sent to Congress to represent
his district. He was an elector at largo
on the Cleveland ticket in 1884 and the
following year was made pension agent at
Knoxville.
The incident that made Colonel Taylor
most famous was his election as Governor
on the Democratic ticket in 18S6. his op
ponent being his twin brother, Alfred A.
Taylor. In that campaign he carried a
violin around with him and entertained
his audiences with ' music and song, as
well as with brilliant oratory. After serv
ing four years as Governor Colonel Tay
lor returned to his law practice. He
was again a Presidential elector on Cleve-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MOKDAY, APRIL 16, 1900.
SEEN ALIVE BUT
RECORDED DEAD
AT THE MORGUE
Case of an Alleged Suicide
Reported Still in the
. Flesh.
Friends of Frank I*. T. Merwin Claim
That the Body at the Morgue
Was That of Another*
Man.
A singular mystery has developed In the
suicide of a man found dead in the lodg
ing-house at 317 Third street last Thurs
day and whose body was identified as
that of Frank L. T. Merwln. An inquest
brought • out the fact that an unknown
man hired a room late Wednesday night
at the lodging-house and his dead body
was found the following morning. On the
shirt bosom of, the deceased was a fare
well message written In a facetious mood
and signed "Merwin." At the Morgue the
body was identified as that of Frank L. T.
Merwin and th© name was duly recorded
on the Coroner's books. *
Now comes the story that on the day
following the publication of the story, the
man whose body was supposed to be lying
on a slab at the Morgue was met on the
street by a former friend, who spoke to
him and received the startling informa
tion that the notes were written by him
for the purpose of defrauding his credi
tors by an ingenious scheme of advertis
ing himself to the world as dead. Merwin
was much sought for yesterday, but if he
is alive he has succeeded so far in elud
ing the persons who are trying to clear up
the mystery.
John A. Ellert, a sign painter residing at
515 Eddy street, went to the Morgue
Thursday night and after viewing the
body of the suicide positively identified it
as that of Merwin. At the inquest held
two days later Mr. Ellert declared, after
seeing the body again, that he was mis
taken in his identification, and that he
was sure that the body was not that of
his former employe. v V. ' , » ,
Ellert gave as a reason for his mistake
that when he first saw the body it was
under the rays of the arc light in the
Morgue and that he gave it but a casual
glance. In thinking over the matter the
next day Mr. Ellert concluded that Mer
win was not as heavy in build as the sui
cide, and that the body did not bear a pe
culiar scar which was very noticeable on
Merwin's face. Ellert, in commenting on
the character of Merwin, said he was a
flippant sort of a fellow and always ready
with a "pert" answer.
A Mr. Millman of Oakland, who had
been a fellow worker with Merwin, read
the account of the suicide in Friday's
Call.
While on his way to the ferry Satur
day morning he says he was greatly sur
prised and astonished to see the supposed
dead man at work on Market street, near
Beale. He approached Merwin with a feel
ing of uncertainty and after satisfying
himself that he was not mistaken spoke
to him and asked for an explanation. Mill
man says Merwin was not pleased at the
recognition, but after a little parleying
said: "For God's sake, don't say any
thing about this and I will explain it all
to you Sunday. I wrote those notes to
beat my creditors."
Merwin, however, failed to appear and
make the prmised explanation. Millman
is unshaken in his identification and says
that nothing could make him believe that
he was not conversing with Merwin on
Saturday.
At the lodging-house where the suicide
occurred the landlady disclaimed all
knowledge of the case, except that a man
hired a room Wednesday night and was
found dead the next morning.
10